"Will Connect With Dawson.
The Circle end. will be connected eventu
ally, he says,. with D»wson, where it will
have connection with a .Canadian ¦¦ .'line
from the South, presumably the road be
ing gradually built In a" northwesterly di
rection in Canada' by the McKenzie-Marin
combination, which; will . give connection
with all the principal parts of the Ameri
can continent. In an interview here De
Lobel said: .".>...,
'Tread a paper at a meeting, of finan-
De Lobel says that he has obtained the
promise of some of the most influential
and wealthy, men of France to back j the
enterprise and that he now has the sup
port of such Americans as Rockefeller
and will make an effort to enlis^. further
aid of money. kings of the States, as well
as the heads of the three Governments of
America, Russia > and France. He will
visit President McKlnley this fall ; and
then go to St. Petersburg, to hold a coun
cil with the Czar. The scheme of. De
Lobel is to have. a road built,, spanning
Alaska from Circle City, thence. crossing
tlie Bering Straits by heavy ships able
to encounter the ice and . thence to run
down the Siberian roast to Vladivostok. \..
" DAWSON, Aug. 12, via Seattle, Aug. 26.
— L. de Lobel, the French promoter, who
Is said to be associated with Robert Bar
bier of the Russo-China Bank of Peking
and representative of the Russian Gov
ernment's Manchurlan railway in the
giant scheme to build a railway across
Alaska and Siberia ~ to , connect America
and Asia by bands of. steel, is now in
Dawson. He arrived : a few days ago and
is here Just now looking particularly to
mining interests he has had in the Klon
dike gold fields. He will return to the
outside In October. ¦ ' ' ;.-:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Trans-Siberian Line Will
Soon Connect With an •
Alaskan System. '
De Lofeel Declares His
Project Will Go
-Through.
FROM FRANCE
TO NEW YORK
BY RAILROAD
Continued on Page Three.
Continued on Page Two.
Coatinued on Page Three."
¦ "- : T ¦ - : " '" ¦ :
' Civil ;Gov'ernor -Taf V received 1 at". Aparri,"
province^ of ; Canagan,' the ' biggest 'ovation,
of 'his 'trip* y-He{ announced ¦thatTAparri
would ". be^W> port i of i entry ¦' arid ' receive a
large i appropriation; for :^ the.; lmpfdyement
of the harbor '"and ;theT Cagayah* Biver," f '•¦ ! ? ''
Dr. Ohllnger,*; a. returning ("contract sur
geon, was by the swam ping^ of > a
boat in j,the;;:Painbujan" River.'"" His "body
was not' recovered./: r :; ¦..• 7 \ J 'f;'j.J\:yj,';l - ; \-':
MANILA, "Aug." ' 26.— Pitcher's; first I dis
patch from /Mindoro" tells how Lieutenant
Hazzard of the Third Cavalry,. corhmaridT
ing a troop, of Macabebe scouts, captured
the American deserter Howard, who' as a
leader of the '.Filipinos ;has been; annoying
the Americans .for many months. 'Fergu
son, one of Lieutenant Hazzard's. civilian
scouts, disguised- as ¦„ an v insurgent, -with
eight Macabebes^penetrated into the canip
of Coionel-;Atienza, commanding 240 rifle*
men I and\200 -bolomeh,' at located
Howard, bound yand, gagged* him", and led
him away '-..without ; disturbing' the camp. • ¦"
¦ Captain' Harold' L.'*Jacksonfof. the First
Infantry • recently; surprised " General ¦ Luk
ban- at Pambujari.'vln' the mountains 'of
the Island Jof;Samar.J Three' of : the- gen
eral's guard. were] killed and Lukban was'
wounded, • bu t* ; escaped.'' His . family I was
captured: '; Ajcaptalh- and • a- lieutenant .were
also made prisoners. -.-¦ '^z ...
WELCOMED BY KENTTJCKIAU'S.
Blue Grass Metropolis.
Calif ornians Much in Evidence at the
LOUISVILLE; Ky.. Aug. 26.— Kentucky
has. reaffirmed. its title to being the moat
hospitable land under the sunl Every
Calif ornian here labors under the Impres-"
sion that he is really the guest of honor
and that all others are" base imitations.
The Louisville people are gifted with the
faculty, of making strangers quickly f eol
that they own the cream of the blue grass
region "and most of its blooded stock.
Many are the pointers In hospitality that
Calif ornians are receiving and : which, .will
be * used later on "in the Golden State to
advantage. _ . • .. • ¦;
Golden' Gate • Commandery arrived this
morning,^ forty minutes ahead of .-time,
haying" made the run from San Francisco
on - time at all points. The ; welcome • ac
corded was said to" be the most Impressive
of f any. given to a visiting commandery.
An escort ¦ from Calif ornla Commandery *
under Eminent Commander Carroll Cook,
met ; the ''newcomers ; at ; the station ¦ and
Louisvilie'iCommandery lined up with
swords presented and made a lane through
which -Golden Gate" Comraandery passed.
All .were In. full uniform, making a splen
did spectacle. At the Gait House tha
commandery marched directly through
ranks and crowds of Sir Knights from all
parts of the Union < to ' the coinmandery
Continued on Page Tw^
Major! General Sir John Ardagh, repre
senting » the :. Foreign , Office, pointed out
that the J claimant's . letter >, said he - had
joined the Boers in order* to protect his
property, seized by "the Boers, and re
markedi- "No person who fought . against
Great Britain will \ receive any compensa
tion >n' the Recommendation of thecom
niisslon." . . ', ' -. •¦.¦"
; Nelken;' said Crane, .was a man who had
laid doynr his arms and..resumed his neu
tral status •; at" the time Jhe .was* deported,
and was entitled to the of his neu
'tral status.- Chairman' Mllvain 'said : ¦
T v "". person \ who ¦ has * fought against'
( Great -Britain will receive compensation." ,
1 "Botha writes acknowledging the receipt
of my proclamation and protesting against
it. ; and stating that the Boers Intend to
go on - fighting. On • the other hand, the
surrenders lately ¦ have increased consid
erably." '• ; ;-,¦."' '-_' ' '¦ : 's*4'^:- ; ' ''^
•--Newton Crane, in behalf ' of > the Ameri
can'"embassy, has presented another claim
to.theSouth African Compensation Com
mission." that of Charles P.^Nelken. a na
tive of , Prussia and a naturalized Ameri
can citizen. ' : . .'.'V"? >
*¦ ,.i •> v»-iij^r . . ¦ ' . . . .
- "Have received a long letter from Steyn
containing an argumentative statement of
the Boer case and saying he will continue
to fight. Also. a short letter from Dewet
to the same effect.
"Three onlcers and sixty-flve men who
were sent; north of Ladybrarid, Orange
River Colony, on the right of Elliott's col
umn,., were" surrounded .'.on' unfavorable
grounds and. captured by a superior force
August 22. Ono^an was killed and four
were wounded. The prisoners "were re
leased. Am. holding an Inquiry.
LONDON, Aug. ¦ 26.— A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated . from ; Pretoria to
day, says: •. •. ¦
i The prisoner, was 'chilling through, and,
fearing a- lonesome death, .began to pre
paretb. kill- himself. He saw a slightly
projecting 1 icy point above • his head and
determined; to", throw | a^loop 'of the rope
over It.- After an hour and a half he was
successful. / vThen • he arranged ; knots - in
the., rope . and climbed to the jutting, shelf,
intending to tie .the rope about his neck,"
Jump^/off- and hang, himself. . : ; - ¦-:
; Once :on ; the dizzy . niche of Jce, a new
Plans to Commit Suicide.
Mortimer, was dumf ounded. He scarcely
realized that hie was a prisoner until his
captor, shouted down to him' that he had
stolen a piece "of partnership gold to. the
,value of $1400, rand that if he did not'eoriV
fess-he would be kept there until he died.
The old miner protested that he knew
nothing of the I gold, and his captor cov
ered the; shaft ¦ and left. He Vwas - gone
two. hours.
Mortimer says that he was, on August
6,' "Inveigled Into a mining shaft "oh
Thistle Creek, 179 miles above Dawson, by
a man whosejname he does- not know.
After. he : had" : been lowered on arope for
the ostensible purpose of getting some
meat . that his ! companion wanted him to
bring from' its } storage place in the : per
manent frost at the bottom of .the shaft
the rope was, cut and he' was left there.
SEATTLE, Aug. 26.— From Dawson
comes a story that rivals 'that of the
Cudahy kidnaping, the victim in this case
being, a gray-haired miner of 69 years.
Edward Mortimer, an aged prospector,
possessed of some means, arrived In the
Klondike: metropolis from up the Yukon
two w§eks ago and applied for police pro
tection. He • gave a thrilling account . of
imprisonment in and remarkable' escape
from a thirty-five foot shaft glazed with
ice and perpendicular. . • .
Er>€clal Dispatch to The Call.
' This > "action," however,;, will ,' only, be a
manifestation of "dissatisfaction and not a
rupture - of relations," as; the 'councilor 1 of
the -French^Embassy ; will , take over_ the
affairs [of /the embassy/ and "continue .the
Investigations. '-. M. Constans : ostensibly
.will, leave, on 1 a vacation, v ' > ; '¦'."'
'{ LONDON; Aug. ¦ 2G.— The dispatch from
Constantinople ."announcing ' - v that\".the
French' 1 Embassador] there, '"M. ; * Constans;
left'., there 1 1 to-day - is ;not ; understood either
in • Loiindon f or 'PariSj^ though ' it* ."is 'riiot ' be
lieved* thati it -means a ; further! difference
between "France and ; Turkey! The. sup
position. Is ' thatt M. '¦' Constans ; is \ taking, a
holiday.'^-? r^l^.'S^C^" ' : \ '•'
"" M. Ccnstans; the French . Embassador,
after ( making, farewell calls on his col
leagues ..yesterday,; left : here . to-day an
board -. the' Vatdur for Stamboul, where he
will take: the train. ;," ; ,- •¦.'.',•
| ; PARIS. "Aug. 26.— Sultan Abdul Hamid's
persistence,'- in - procrastinating ' methods
continues to disturb the Turkish relations
with 'France. .•! His' irade giving satlsfac
tionin the quays question .was taken as
indicating that,' he would accept the~entlra
French /.': claims, but M." Constans tele
graphed jj yesterday that ; the . Sultan was
still ' holding . out against ¦¦ the ' claims ¦pay
ment -'of". the three Frenchmen, dating
back many/ years and: amounting tc sev
eral; million francs, for, which M. Constans
demanded'*a"'settleriienffand declaresVhe
.will .leave Constantinople unless the "mat
ter,' wasfsettied.7 -.;; : ' V *.J V "'"_". *.
..CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 26.— The
amount of the indemnity, which, the Sultan
agrees to pay! the : quays \ company for
interference ; with its ,; rights is '700,000
francs. • The j Sultan will also pay 600,000
francs to a Frenchman on account of , the
seizing of hls'lands in Albania.". The com
pany renounces for, a^year. the clause In
its/concession, regarding-: the- quays; 'to
Turkey;" only, it Is believed, to save ap
pearances for the Sultan. '•: \:
CAPTURES
AMERICAN
DESERTER
. SIR .. KNIGHTS: ; WHO ARE
PROMINENT AT THE ' TRI
ENNIAL "CONCLAVE.
Boer Leaders Steyn, ,Botha
and Dewet Send Defiant
' ; Letters.
¦ •. - . ?— — ¦¦¦._¦ ¦ - :
Victim Makes a Remarkable
Escape From His Icy
Dungeon. '..'• . .,
i of Displeasure.
¦ - •' ¦ ¦--' " i ¦; ¦. •¦ ¦. ¦ •¦• .; -. • ¦'
Embassador Constans Leaves
Constantinople as a .-Mark
Lord Kitchener Reports
: a; Disaster to British •
v Troops, v
Klondike^ Holds Gray-
Hair eel Man for—
Ransom. '
Turkey's Sultan Appears
to^StiilDodge-Full: 1 1
Payment. : '
SIXTY-EIGHT
ARE CAPTURED
BY THE BOERS
ABDUL HAMID
CONTINUES TO
ANNOY FRANCE
IMPRISONS
OLD MINER
IN A SHAFT
The""Ventura County voters passed an
ordinance under this law regulating the
sale of liquors. . An ordinance covering
liquor licenses and regularly passed by
the Board of Supervisors was In effect at
the same time. Anderson complied " with
the regular ordinance and violated . that
passed fcy the vote of the people. He
was Imprisoned and asked for his release
en the ground that the violated ordinance,
was unconstitutional. The Superior
Court denied his petition and the case
The law then provides that when a ma
jority of such votes are cast in favor of
the adoption of the proposed ordinance it
devolves upon the Board of Supervisors
to issue a proclamation to that effect, and
the ordinance is then legally recognized.'
Whenever there shall be presented to the
Board of Supervisors a petition or petitions
eigned by legal voters of said county, equal
In number to 50 per cent of the votes cast at th e
last preceding election, asking that an ordi
nance, to be set forth in such petition, be sub
mitted to a x-ote of qualified voters. It shall be
the duty of the Board of Supervisors by procla
mation to submit «uch proposed ordinance to
the vote of the qualified electors of such
county.
The several counties of this State as they now
exist are bodies corporate and politic, and as
each have the powers specified in this act and
such other powers aa are necessarily implied
• • • their powers can only be exercised by
the Boards of Supervisors or by agents and
officer* acting' under their authority or author
ity of law.
An Unconstitutional Provision. ...
Subdivision 25 of section 25 of the same
act provides that Boards of Supervisors
can license all and any kinds of business
not prohibited by law for purposes of
regulation and revenue, and subdivision
SI of the same section gives to Boards of
Supervisors the right to make police,
sanitary and other necessary regulations.
Within the' same act the provision for
making laws by popular vote, which may
conflict with ordinances passed by the
Boards of Supervisors, is then made.
This provision, which has been declared
unconstitutional, is as follows:
In discussing the case the Supreme
Court quotes various sections of article
XI of the State constitution, which de
termines the law-making powers'of coun
ties. Section 1 of the county govern
ments act of 1S97 Is then quoted as fol
lows:
The question as to the constitutionality
of the act arose from the attempt of a
Ventura County liquor dealer, named
Anderson," to free himself by means of a
•writ of habeas corpus from the confine
ment in which he was placed for violat
ing an ordinance. He has secured his re
lease from. Jail and incidentally stirred
up a commotion of considerable propor
tions. <
While San Francisco was not a party
to the action, the Supreme Court decis
ion Is of vital interest to the people of
this city, inasmuch as It is practically a
ruling against the initiative and referen
dum and the clause in the new charter
providing for the acquisition of public
utilities by vote of the people.
TVith the single dissenting opinion of
Chief Justice Beatty. the Supreme Court
yesterday nullified section 13 of the
county governments act passed by {he
State Legislature in 1897. by which . - the
rlgfct of making' county laws was dele-.
pated directly to .the. voters. _By this de- v
dslon'the practice of the "Initiative and
referendum." In favor of which there Is
so great a popular clamor, has been
dealt a blow from which there Is little
hope of recovery so far as California is
concerned, while her present constitution
remains in force.
The. grand commanderies of the major
ity, of States reached here during the day.
The city was a scintillating glow of light
to-night when the festivities of the week
were begun at the Custom-house .With a
reception to Grand Encampment officers
and" ladies. Grand Commander Jefferson
of Kentucky made a brief speech of wel
come, to which" Grand Master Lloyd re
sponded happily, v *<£§S3i "
The selection of the next meeting place
for the conclave will be one of the last
things to come before the encampment.-
St. Paul. Milwaukee and San Francisco
are making strong bids for the honor.
Denver and- Cincinnati are also in line,
while St. Louis and various cities' of New
England are regarded as possibilities.
Bidding for Next Conclave.
Grand Generalissimo George M. Moulton
of Chicago stated to-night that the elec
tion of officers of the Grand Encampment
would undoubtedly be. the. usual perfunc
tory affair it has been for. years past.
Grand Master Lloyd will retire and b»
succeeded by Deputy Grand Master Stod
dard of Texas'. Officers under him will
each advance one grade. This will leave
one vacancy to be - contested for— the
Junior grand wardenship. A hot skirmish
is expected. In connection with this office
nearly . every grand commander at the
conclave is regarded as a candidate, and
a great deal of quiet electioneering: was
done to-day.
The various Kentucky commanderies
were divided Into detachments to-day,
and, accompanied in every instance by a
brass band, ', met incoming delegations at
the station and escorted them to their
quarters. Rain during the afternoon
drenched the draperies of the building*,
but they suffered no material damage
generally.
Incoming trains clogged the tracks
about the city throughout the day and by
midnight all but a few scattered com
manderies had arrived and been escorted
to their quarters. From ten to thirty
trains arrived over every railroad enter-"
in5 : the_city r and it is estimated that there
90,000 "visitors here to-nlghtl Hotels
and other '; places are crowded to tha
doors with guests, and visitors also oc
cupy steamboats moored at the wharves
and Pullman sleepers placed In different
parts of the city.
Ninety Thousand Visitors.
Major John H. Leathers, grand marshal
of the parade, stated to-night that In
formation received during ' the day led
him to expect 40,000 Sir Knights would be
in line when the procession moves. Tht3
pageant, as planned, will extend over a
route of four miles and will be the crown
ing glory of the conclave. Knights Tem
plar 1 from nearly every city gt the coun
try; Including, even Honolulu, will be la
line.
- The course of the parade Is a fluttering:
show of bunting, flags and streamers, and
nearly every one of them will* present to
the marchers some sign of welcome. Ex
traordinary precautions to keep the streets
clear have been adopted.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Aug. 26.-The twen
ty-eighth triennial conclave of the Grand
Encampmant of Knights Templar will be
gin here to-morrow, and the official pre
diction is for 'fair .weather'- for the biff
parade. ¦ - "^.',,
ordinance by direct vote and over
the heads of the local lcprtnlntlve
body, the name being? held ' to
be unconstitutional. has n di
rect beartne npon the provision* of
the charter recently adopted by the
«*ity and county of San Francisco.
The articles embraced in this char
ter -which' are thus nullified are
those cro-rernlnsr the matters of ini
tiative p.nd referendnm and the ac
quirement of pnblic utilities. While
the Supreme Court does not deny the
rlfcht of the people to expre*ft by
ballot what they may desire in the
way of lesridation. It holds that it
can only come in a. suj^jgestlve form,
while the actual power to carry ont
the wishes of the people is vested in
the legislative body to which they
have defecated the power to enact
and enforce the laws.
Leadlnjr attorney* are a unit in
declaring: that the deciaion ren
dered yesterday by the Supreme
Court in a case recently brona-ht up
front Ventura Connty, In -vrhlch th«
people of that -county enacted an
Opinion Holds Certain Portions of
County Government Act Uncon
stitutional, Chief Justice
Beatty Dissenting.
Grand Encampment and San
Francisco Is an Active,
Competitor. • ; '* ;
Many Cities Bidding for the Next
Cars and Beats Used to Pro
vide Shelter fcr Some of
the Visitors.
Ruling in Ventura Case In
validates the Public
Utilities Section.
Great. Pageant Is Wel
comed With-Flutter
ing Emblems.
Supreme . Court Decision
Nullifies Referendum
Clause.
KNOCKS BIG
HOLE IN THE
NEW CHARTER
$1 flillP DflllTr
FORTY THOUSAND PLUMED KNIGHTS OF TEMPLE
WILL MARCH TO-DAY IN PARADE AT LOUISVILLE
VOLUME XC-NO. 88.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN' FBANCISCOf ; AUGUST ; 27^ 1901.
The San Francisco Call.LONDON, Aug. 27.— By- a land subsi
dence at« the Donibristol % colliery, ; in
Perthshire,. ten men were, entombed. A
rescue party of four, descended, but these
also have failed to return and it is feared
that -all have perished. - •
Two 'Miners Entombed.
HAVRE, Aug.,26.— The Spanish steamer
Amboto,; Captain Munitz, from New Or-'
leans August 2 for this port, collided last
night with the German steamer Lusitania,
from Hamburg 1 for Mediterranean ports,
off the Casquet Rocks. The Lusitania
sank in an hour/ Four 'of: her crew were
drowned. The remainder,. - twenty-one
men,. were picked up., a ' ... , • , ;,
German Steamer Sinks . in Collision.
One Man Dead and Another Dying-.
/ SENECA FALLS. N. Y., Aug. 26.-Jus
tin Apple and George Smelzer of Geneva
and James Colgon and Edward Relfe of
this village became involved in a quarrel
at Bulls Grove yesterday/during which
Apple and Smelzer were both stabbed
with a large pocketknife. Apple died this
morning and Smelzer is not expected to
live. -"Relfe and. Colgon were arrested to
gether with two colored" and two white
women, who are held as witnesses
"ASTORIA, Or., r Aug. 26.— Astoria-'s street
fair opened thlE afternoon. : . Thousands of
strangers are In; the city and the "attend
ance -. surpasses ! all j eipectations.V Astoria
is beautifully decorated, > and to-night the
streets are ¦ ablaze -with light: ¦ ,King Rex
was crowned ¦' this . afternoon- by Mayor
Bergman at the conclusion of the greatest
street parade ever seen here. The fair
will ' continue -throughout the: week.; On
the -, last v.three -days- the annual regatta
will be held. .-;.*•
Astoria's Carnival Opens.
; SALT LAKE CITY, Aug. 26.— Colonel J.
H. "Haverly, whose fame In' minstrelsy. 1 Is
world wide, - Is dangerously ill af St.'
Mark's Hospital in this city, of heart trou
ble. Colonel Haverly's wife has been tele
graphed for and she is now en route from
New York. Colonel Haverly recently
moved to Salt Lake City. Since his retire
ment from the show business, several
years ago, he has been devoting his time
almost exclusively to mining. .
Retired Showman Dangerously 111.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 26.— The White Star
line steamer Majestic, which will - sail
from Liverpool next Wednesday via
Queenstown, will carry among her pas
sengers Mrs. Leland , Stanford of San
Francisco and General E. C. O'Brien
Among the names which appear on the
passenger list of the Celtic, of the same
line, sailing hence August 30, are those of
A. J. Cassatt of Philadelphia and Ladv
Sarah Wilson, aunt of the Duke of Marl
borough.
Mrs. Stanford Returning' Home.
| NEW BRITAIN, Conn., Aug. 26.— Jimmy
Handler of Newark made easy work of
Pat Corrigan of San Francisco before the
National Athletic Club' to-night, winning
In a> clean knockout in the second round.
The men entered the ring at 158 pounds
to go fifteen rounds and Handler rushed
matters from \ the start. The end of the
first round saw Corrigan groggy and early
in the second Handler 'landed one on the
jaw that settled matters. .
Sandier Knocks Out . Corrigan.
Under the charter 15 per cent of the
voters might petition the election com
missioners to Incorporate in the ballot a
proposition to stop street cars running on
Sunday. The election commissioners
would have to submit this proposition to
the people at the next election. If it re
ceived a three-fifths vote in its favor, un
der the charter it would become an or
dinance of the municipality. .. ¦ .-¦ ¦:
The Board of Supervisors under these
provisions would not be called upon to
take any part in the matter. But the Su
preme Court steps in and says. that. once
the peopk) have delegated' the power to
make laws or ordinances to a body • or
ganized in accordance with constitutional
provisions the people- cannot- take away
their delegated power without infringing
While only a minor proposition Is in
volved in this decision of the Supreme
Court the line of reasoning followed in
dicates that both propositions as em
braced in the charter of San Francisco
are unconstitutional and' will be. so de
cided if the main proposition be presented
to the court for adjudication. No other
construction can be placed upon the ulti
zna.te effects of this decision. . ¦ ¦
In the opinion of. the leading attorneys
of this city the decision of the Supreme
Court In the so-called Ventura case prac
tically nullifies the two subdivisions of the
charter governing this city and county
upon which the charter-framers bunded
great expectations. The subdivisions af
fected are those which are popularly
known as covering the questions of in
itiative and referendum and. the acquire
ment of public utilities.
Public Utilities Unconstitu
tional.
DECISION AFFECTS CHARTER.
Articles Governing Referendum and
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 26.— Fred Hartman.
the Salvationist, who was arrested for Il
legal fishing and sentenced to twenty-five
days' Imprisonment, broke his fast this
morning. On being imprisoned Hartman
declined to eat, on the ground that he was
Incarcerated against the law of God and
that to eat would be sacrilege. He waa
taken to jail last Wednesday morning,
and for \more than five days neither food
nor water has passed his lips. To-day the
captain of the army prevailed upon him
to eat.' Hartman consented only on con
dition that his food should be prepared by
his fellow soldiers. He declares that he
will fast during his entire term rather
than eat Jail food. The man is not in
sane. ¦
Hartman Breaks Sis Fast.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 26.— Cardinal Gib
bons reached home. this afternoon after a
tour of Europe and was received with'
open arms | by his friends and parishion
ers. When he alighted he was greeted by
a crowd of at least 10.000 people, headed by
Acting Mayor Henry .Williams and
Charles J. Bonaparte. The Cardinal dis
mounted from his' carriage and reviewed
the procession from the steps of the Cath
olic Club, opposite his residence, . after
which he addressed a congregation that
filled the cathedral to the doors. , . .
Cardinal Gibbons talked entertainingly
after the parade on conditions abroad. He
was much interested in the status of the
steel strike and said he hoped it would
be settled soon. When asked about the
relations between capital and labor in Eu
rcpe, he said: : . •- .
"That is an economic question, and I did
not study it. . I am not able to confirm or
deny the claims made that unions have
the* manufacturers in England so bound
down with their rules as to lessen the ca
pacity of the works with the result that
England is not able to compete with this
country in- many lines of trade. It would
take much study to learn all the details
of that subject. >
"We'were, •; however, struck with the
care taken to guard against accidents to
employes • in England. Seemingly more
value is placed upon human life there than
here. > Rules are made by a Board of Com
missioners, and these are rigidly enforced.
In many instances employers take out in
surance on the lives of their hands. When
an employe Is permanently disabled he
must be paid his wages - for, • I think,
three years.'.' . - , : - . ¦
"Do you believe labor In this country is
better off than in England?" was asked.
."That, too," replied the Cardinal, "is a
subject for much Investigation. Condi
tion is, a relative term. There is more in
the. question than -wages alone.. One must
ascertain the cost of. living in each coun
try in order to answer it intelligently." ;
SAPULPA, I. T., Aug. 26.— The demon
strations against' the negroes came to a
sudden end with the arrival of Deputy
United States Marshal Bud Trail and Cap
tain White. They , were met here by
United States Marshal Bennett and Gov
ernor Porter, principal chief of the Creek
nation. Marshal Bennett instructed them
to arrest all offenders and send them to
Muskogee In chains and to deputize citi
zens if help was needed. He said he would
prevent an outbreak if he had to order
troops from Fort Gibson. Mayor Miller
Issued a'" firm proclamation commanding
the citizens' committee to | stop posting
notices. This was the result of a severe
reprimand from the , Federal authorities
for a proclamation of Saturday. The
deputy marshals have sworn in men for
service to-night, but all Is quiet and no
trouble is expected. Nearly all the negroes
not owning property, have left town. Mar
shals have torn down the warnings of ths
committee, including a lot- posted last
night.".
The published statement that politics
caused the trouble is not. substantiated: -
"I always considered the Franco-Rus
sian alliance exceedingly useful and fruit
ful to our country. I thought the mo
ment opportune to obtain the Czar's
presence at the maneuvers. We first in
tended inviting him to the western ma
neuvers, which are of greater Importance,
but the Czar preferred the eastern."
Asked whether the Czar himself sug
gested the visit, Loubet raplied: "Such
visits are not decided on without a-pre
vious exchange of views, which have been
proceeding" for some time.- I personally,
inspired the - negotiations .which led to
the result now known. When I learned
that the Czar intended to review the Ger
man fleet in the Baltic I deemed it more
important than ever to-secure a visit to
France, and I myself, with- the co-opera
tion of M. Delcasse, prepared this ' great
event," for which the negotiations wero
pursued with the greatest secrecy"." :.
Loubet Is further reported as-. saying
that, thanks to the Franco-Russian alli
ance, war was averted with China, and
that also up to now the programme of the
journey accepted by. the Russian Chancel
lor does not include a visit to Paris. - ,ry<
PARIS, Aug. 26 V — The Patrie, to-day
quotes President Loubet, in_ conversation
with an important person two days ago,
as making the following remarks-.
With Kindly. Greetings
Thousands Meet Car
dinal Gibbons.
Says the Alliance With
Russia Averted War
With China.
United States Officers
Take a Firm Stand in
the Matter.
HAVANA, Aug. 26.— Martin de Castro,
a well-known Cuban newspaper man,
has been killed at Manzanillo. About
three months ago he published articles
attacking the rural guard of Manzanillo,
and was shot at. He came to Havana
and explained the situation, to Governor-
General Wood, expressing a fear that his
life was In danger. General Wood or
dered the local authorities to afford to
him all the rights and protection guaran
teed by the law.
Castro thereupon returned to Manzan
illo only to be shot by a. member of the
rural guard, with whom he had quar
reled. The offender Is being vigorously
pursued. ,"_ .
of the Members.
Publishes Articles Attacking the
Rural Guard and Is Shot by One
CUBAN NEWSPAPER MAN
KILLED AT MAUZANTLLO
EXTEND A ROYAL
WELCOME TO HIM
FIGHT AGAINST
NEGROES STOPS
Stanley Ewing Very HI.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 26.— California
Commandery gave a reception to-night,
dispensing 1000 baskets of California fruit
and raisins. Many Masonic notables were
present. The commandery has attracted
universal attention on account of tho
richness of Its uniforms and the lavish
style of its entertainment.
Sir Knight Stanley Ewing, a member
of the -commandery, is dangerously -ill
with gastritis, and three physicians are
attending him. '
DISTINGUISHED RETIRED NAVAL • OFFICER WHO REPRESENTED
THE UNITED STATES AT THE UNVEILING OF THE MONUMENT
IN HONOR OF COMMODORE PERRY IN- JAPAN.
By the decision of the court, however,
the people of the various counties can no
longer pars ordinances by direct vote, and
those already in effect are made void.
came to the Supreme Court.
The court states that the principles of
our government forbid that there shall be
two equal co-ordinate powers covering. the
same jurisdiction. The contested section
of the act gives a power to the people
which is already vested in the Boards of
Supervisors. Supervisors can reneal or
dinances passed by popular vote, but they
can be passed again. The greatest con
fusion is therefore possible. Justice Hen
shaw says, "It is the old problem of an
irresistible force meeting an indestructible
barrier." It is the opinion of the court
that either the constitutional law giving
legislative powers to Boards of Super
visors or the county governments act giv
ing equal power to the people must be in
valid. Of course the latter must be the
one nullified. The discharge of Andrews
is accordingly ordered.
The opinion Is written by Justice Hen
_phaw, with whom Justices McFarland,
Harrison and Temple directly concur.
Justices Van Dvke and Garoutte write a
concurring opinion making plain that the
theory of our government is not that of
a pure democracy, where the laws would
be made by the direct vote of the people,
but that of a representative republic,
where law-making power Is delegated to
legally qualified representatives of the
people.
Chief Justice Beatty dissents and de
clares that he can see no reason for de
claring the law Invalid. He holds that it
cannot be unconstitutional because the
Legislature had a perfect right to pass the
act. He states that there can be no ques
tion but that the contested act is an utter
absurdity, but that under the law It
phould be allowed to remain in force until
it can be repealed.
That this is a startling innovation upon the
governmental system reco K nlzed in this State
since its earliest existence is at once appar
ent. But whether or not the Legislature has
the power bo to do Is a question the determina
tion of which may well be deferred until some
later occasion, in view of the fact that Its at
tempted exercise of that power in • this in
stance Is clearly invalid. . '
. "But the court admits when the question
is fairly brought before it that its deci
sion will be on the same lines — declaring
the whole matter unconstitutional
"In the second point they decide there is
no power to create the system implied by
tho second proposition, and say: f
Upon the one hand there Is conferred 'upon
the Boerd of Sur>ervl*drsv as < has been the
universal custom, full power, to make all laws
pertaining to the government of the county
Lpon the. other hand this identical power is
bestowed- by the machinery of the ballot upon
the voters ot the county. . When- an ordinance
Is thus passed by.. ballot it has no superior
force, but has merely the same and • equal
force and effect as though adopted and or
dained by the Board of Supervisors. The right
of the Supervisors to repeal such ordinance Is
not taken away, and It is within their power
to repeal them one after another as Boon as
they have been adopted. Upon the other hand,
it is equally the right of the people to- re-enact
them after such repeal. It is the old problem
of the irresistible force meeting- the lnde-*
structfble barrier. So far as legislation is
concerned, nothing could result but untold con
fusion. As the two seta of laws thus creat
ing co-ordinate lawmakine powers, . without
check, limitation or restraint, the one ¦ upon
the other cannot.. In the nature of our govern
ment, exist. It follows that one or the other
of the provisions is Invalid and must fall
"Article II. section 20, of the charter pro
vides "for submitting ordinances at the re
auesfof-15 per cent of the voters. The
Board of Election Commissioners Is bound
to call the election. The Supervisors have
no voice in it at all. If it obtains a ma
jority vote the ordinance is passed It
cannot be repealed by the Supervisors, but
Suj-ervisors may submit propositions for
repeal at popular elections. -
¦ "This provision of. the charter does not
come within the proposition decided in the"
Ventura case, but it comes within the
propostlon which. they. refrain from decid
ing. This Is also true about article XII
on public utilities.- While these questions
are not touched upon in the decision, the
fact is apparent that the Supreme Court
in deciding the Ventura case, left nothing
to hope for the advocates of the referen
dum system of lawmaking, and plainly In
dicated the unconstitutionally of the sec
• tlons governing it and the acquirement of
public utilities." . j
upon the constitution they have volun
tarily adopted. While this does not de
prive them of the right to declare what
they desire, as was done in the matter of
Chinese exclusion and the election of
United States Senators by direct vote of
the people, still the carrying out of these
wishes as expressed at the ballot box was
e S . the le Stelative bodies, the Senate
a i v. A t sembly ' for such " fl nal action as
might be taken. After having expressed
their wishes all that was left the people
vLT«H e y S \°> d< ? Was l ,° abIde fe y the actions
vested in the lawmaking body or bodies.
Practically speaking these provisions
override the constitution and take away
from the legislative bodies, which alone
have the right to make iaws and provide
penalties for their enforcement, their del
egated power; A prominent attorney
speaking about this question says:
"The .Ventura case Involved two ques
tions—one whether in any event the Leg
islature can confer lawmaking power upon
the people acting directly and without the
aid and concurrence of a legislative body;
second, whether such power can be con
ferred upon the people directly, in con
junction with a like grant of power by a
legislative body, as for instance a Board
of Supervisors. ,
"The court avoids deciding the first ques
tion, saying, however, concerning it as
follows: •¦ •. -
KNOCKS HOLE IN THE NEW CHARTER
Continued From Page One.
headquarters. These had been engaged
months ahead and are the finest in tho
city. Elaborate decorations of electric
lights bunting and flowers add to the
brilliant effect. In this spacious room tho
visitors were welcomed by Most Eminent
Commander Reuben H. Lloyd and other
Californians besides scores of Sir Knights
from other States, who were acquainted
with the men from the Golden Gate.
Alorley's band of Louisville met GoUen
Gate Commandery at North Vemon and
escorted it to the conclave city. The band
gave a concert in the headquarters durins
the afternoon and evening. The Thirty
third Regiment Band of Bay City, Midi.,
also gave a number of selections at Cal
ifornia headquarters. The day and even-
Ing were spent In getting acquainted, as
the pouring rain prevented the official
visit to Louisville Commandery.
The Gait House, which is headquarters
for both California commanderles, as well
as those of half a dozen other States, was
jammed full all day and evening with Sir
Knights in a variety of striking uniforms
and by fair women hailing from all parts
of the union. The beautles^of Louisville
were much in evidence and added to the
graciousness of the reception. Many o'd
acquaintanceships were re-formed and
many new friendships made. One of the
happy meetings was that of Sir Knight
Robert Ash of Golden Gate Commandery
and his brother. Eminent Commander R.
J. Ash of Clinton Commandery No. 15 of
Mount -Vernon, Ohio.
Continued from. Page One.
"Taking the pictures of these men can
not be construe as intimidation," said
Business Agent Ireland to-night. "Their
pictures will be of advantage for circu
lation among the different unions of the
country, where they will be marked as
men who travel through the country
taking the positions of workmen who are
on strike."
Since there is nothing in the injunc
tion restraining the strikers from making
pictures, . the pickets have been trans
formed into amateur photographers, and
every time a non-union man enters or
leaves the works his picture is taken.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— Striking machin
ists have taken up the camera aa a
means of evading Judge Kohlsaat's in
junction prohibiting them from picketing
the Allis-Chalmers Company's plants.
Are Filling Their Places.
Take Photographs of the Men Who
STRIKERS USE THE CAMERA
Mail advices have been received from
Cuba saying that the constitutional con
vention has considered the election law,
and that it has been referred to a com
mitte on style and phraseology. It is
expected that the law will be finally
adopted before long. As soon as Gen
eral Wood returns to Havana it is ex
pected that he will make arrangements
for calling an election and the delegates
to the constitutional convention expect
the government to be organized not later
than February 4, 1902. -
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— While Secre
tary Root was on his .vacation, he sev
eral times saw General Leonard Wood,
military governor of Cuba, and with him
discussed Cuban affairs. It is expected
that further • consideration will be given
to the situation in Cuba when General
Wood comes to Washington before his
departure for Cuba.
Will Be Organized N"ot Later.
Than February,
It Is Expected That the Government
CUBA1T ELECTION- LAW
"REFERRED TO COMMITTEE
James Smith died trying to shut off the
gusher, and John McDanlels died trying
to save Smith. Both showed great hero
ism. The wild gusher is in the Bogg-
Swayne tract. The well belongs to tne
Palestine-Beaumont Oil Company.
BEAUMONT, Tex., Aug. 26.— Two men
are dead and one of the largest oil gush
ers in the world is going absolutely .wild,
utterly defying- the . mechanical skill of
man to stop it. The famous oil field pre
sents to-night the possibility of one of
the direst calamities which ever visited
Texas should fire Join forces . with the
gushers. To-morrow the gusher will still
be spilling itself on the prairies and flood
ing the country with oil.
the Flow.
Is Being Made to Check
Two Men Meet Death While Attempt
BEAUMONT OIL GUSHEH
GOING ABSOLUTELY "WILD
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Senator and Mrs.
Nelson W. Aldrlch announced to-day the
engagement of their daughter Abby to
John D. Rockefeller Jr.
KNIGHTS IN PARADE
Young Eockefeller Engaged to Marry
LOUBET SPEAKS
OF CZAR'S VISIT
Admiral Beardslee Is on his way to
Washington. He has little to say about
affairs in the Philippines and China. He
is, however, very enthusiastic over the
progress of Japan. He had a most pleas
ant visit to that country and says the
name of Perry is revered by everybody.
Tes, I am glad to say that I had a hand in
Raising to the memory of . Commodore Perry
such' a fine • monument as that unveiled in
Japan last ¦ month. It was a notable event in
the history of Japan. ' I am the only " sur
vivor of the expedition which Commodore Per
ry headed when he took an' American fleet
to Jacaiv In 1853. I was then a cadet and
served oh the Plymouth. The raising of the
funds for the monument took about nine
months' time. I was aided by Japanese of In
fluence. When I found the right man to take
hold of the subscriptions the work went along
easily and the contributions flowed tin."'
Admiral Beardslee was present at .the,
unveiling > of: the Perry monument,, in
Japan as : the representative of ._• the
United States, and took off his :, hat to'
the revenue cutter Perry as that vessel
passed up the bay inward bound from
Seattle. Speaking of his connection with
the unveiling of the Perry .monument the
admiral said:
quarantine officer until late and
thus missed the tide and could not dock.
The cabin passengers were brought
ashore in a launch and .the rear ad
miral and his wife -at once'.: went to a
hotel.
AMONG the arrivals on the Hong
kong Maru yesterday was Rear
Admiral L. A. Beardslee. The
vessel was not released by the
HONOLULU, Aug. 20.— George H. M.
Scott, sergeant in the Sixty-sixth Coast
Artillery, committed suicide night before
last by shooting himself in the heart with
a Krag-Jorgenson rifle, pulling the trig
ger with one foot after fixing the rifle in
position. He had been in ill health and
despondent for some time.
Sickness Leads to Suicide.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— On the Anchor
line steamship Ethiopia to-night came
twelve workingmen who have been sent
lo tour this country and study trades by
an English paper. The men were selected
by popular vote. They are: H. J. Humph
rey, coach builder. Leyton Store, Essex;
Frank Harris, pottery and glass decora
tor. Bo'ness, Scotland; F. A. Scott, cl<><:
trical and mechanical engineer, Glasgow;
C. J. Jackson, engineer, Sxratford; Thom
as Graham, miner, Yorkshire; W. K.
Grant, stevedore, Liverpool; George Nu f 
ley, painter, Kingston Hill, Surrey; Thom
as Fleming, mason, Peebles; John Scut
ter. engine driver, Motherwell; Kenneth
Kensie, upholsterer, Inverness; George
Etchells, weaver. Stockport; J. G. Cowan,
hammerman. Gateshead, and' A. Nichol
Simpson, who will act as conductor of the
expedition.
Simpson said: "We will visit Washing
ton, Pittsburg, Philadelphia, Cleveland
East Liverpool, Ohio. Buffalo, Ottawa and
Montreal. We shall remain a few days in
each city. The delegates came over here
to gather Information and study questions
in which the British artisan is vitally in
terested. I We will inquire into the con
ditions of the . American wage-earners,
how they are housed and live, their hours,
unions and other things of interest to us
on the other side."
"Workingiaen Are Sent by an. English
Paper to Tour This Country
and Canada.
COME FEOM ENGLAND
TO STUDY OTTB TRADES
A report from Wheeling to-night is that
the manager of the Aetna Standard Sheet
Plate Mill of the American Sheet Steel
Company has re'eeived orders from the
general officers to dismantle Sheet Mill
No. 1 and ship the machinery to Vander
giifjt. Pa. The work of dismantling will
be commenced at once. . *
"We started this morning with six mills
running full," said Superintendent
Harper. "Week before last we began
with two mills, which we kept running all
that week, on day turn. Last week we
added two more mills, also keeping them
running on day. turn. This morning we
added two more mills, making six in all.
About SO per cent of the men now work
ing in the plant are old men, quite a lot
of them strikers/'
The surprise of the day was the Painter
plant, with six mills, the same mills that
were running when the strike began. Not
a striker could be found anywhere near
the mill.
The officials say. the only plants at which
they expect difficulty are" at Star and the
Lindsay and McCutcheon, but they expect
to overcome all troubles there and have
the mills running full at an early date. '
The steel people ridicule the claims of
the association and point to the failure
to induce the South Chicago and Duquesne
men to go on strike as an evidence that
the strength of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation has departed. ¦ - . - '. ; .
In the meantime both sides to the con
troversy make claims of a victory. • The
steel people point to the gains they'have
made all along- the line in the way of
securing men and starting plants, while
the Amalgamated officials say in
stead of losing ground the association is
gaining every, day and that, while . tho
combine has succeeded In starting a few
plants, they are not turning out mer
chantable material and are losing money
and breaking valuable machinery, and in
the>end will. have. to ask their old men to
come to the rescue. . ¦ ¦-, - . ¦¦¦• ¦
PITTSBURG, Aug. 26. — Reported peace
negotiations for the settlement of the
strike through the mediation of disinter
ested parties— officials and members of
the National Civic Federation— received a
Jolt when President Theodore . J. Shaffer
of the Amalgamated Association of Iron,
Steel and Tin Workers to-night declared
absolutely that he had no official know
ledge of such proceedings and that If such
a move had been started it did not have
the official sanction of the ..organization.
Nevertheless the subject will not down,
and to-night it Is .said the conciliatory
committee of the*^ Civic Federation,
already prominent in ithe matter, is fully
prepared to carry on negotiations and
will, if necessary, endeavor to secure the
good offices of Archbishop Ireland, Bishop
Potter, Daniel Hanna and Seth Low, co
members of their organization; to give
such prominence to the committee that
the proposal will be received by the steel
corporation. ¦'.-.- .
It is reported, from Frear's conversa
tion with, the foreman of the Grand Jury,
that the Supreme Court here is likely to
reverse the decision of Judge Gear that
th« constitution came to Hawaii with the
Tvewlands resolution of annexation, with
a dissenting opinion, which is expected to
te that of Justice Galbraith.
On the day "following. these proceedings
the attorneys for the released prisoners
eubmitted to the Supreme Court that
Justice Perry was disqualified from hear
ing the appeal, having heard and decided
the cases as a Circuit Judge. It appears
that Perry was the Judge to find the
indictments and try the cases, sentencing
tho prisoners, and it is held under the
, organic act of Hawaii and other statutes
that he is not qualified to hear the appeal
en points he has previously decided. The
Supreme Court has not yet ruled on the
<it:tstion.
HONOLULU, Aug. 20.— The Attorney
General's department and the First Cir
cuit Court appear to be at loggerheads
over the habeas corpus decisions ren
dered by Judge Gear, In which he has de
cided that the constitution of the United
States was extended to Hawaii by the
Newlar.ds resolution. Gear declared that
there was no appeal from the habeas
corpus ruling In the matter of the prison
ers convicted on the verdicts of nine
Jurors, but Attorney General Dole insisted
on taking an appeal to the Supreme Court.
In the meantime Judge Gear called a
Grand Jury to Indict the prisoners he re
leased, so that thoy might be tried again
on the old charges. He instructed the
Jury to take up the cases, but the Attor
ney General is reported to have advised
the jury that tho prisoners 'had been
legally convicted before. Foreman L. C.
Abels of the Grand Jury and Deputy At
torney General Cathcart had consulta
tions irtth Chief Justice Frear ' on the
subject, and reported that they had been
informed that the appeals 1 were to be
heard. When Gear heard of the matter
he called the Jury Into court and dis
charged It from duty, the discharge to
take effect on the completion of business
already begun. In aoing so Judge Gear
very, severely criticized " Chief Justice
Frear for having, as alleged, consulted
with the Grand Jury foreman of Gear's
court.
On the authority of a high official of
the Government it may be stated that this
delay -Is due to the expectation that a
better proposition will be received from
the French company controlling the Pan
ama canal. Up to the present great dif
ficulty has been experienced In obtaining
a satisfactory proposition from the
French company, and little progress has
been made In this respect since the com
mission submitted Its preliminary report
to Congress last December. It Is believed,
however, that a proposal which can be
considered will "be received from the
French company before Congress meets,
as otherwise the Panama route must be
passed over for Nicaragua In the com
mission's report, and it is expected that
the French company's first proposal will
name J15O.00O.0OO a3 the price for the ab
solute sale of the canal. But this figure
would probably, receive little considera
tion, as the commission has estimated
the actual value of the work thus far
done on the canal as $33,000,000, reporting
at the same time that it would cost ap
proximately $142,000,000 to finish the canal.
A high authority in canal matters be
lieves that ultimately the French com
pany will be willing to offer the canal to
the United States at the practical ap
praisal of the commission. This belief
is based on the conviction of the authori
ties that when men who control the Pan
ama company fully realize that the choice
of the Nicaragua route by the United
States would end their hope of raising
more money, rather than sacrifice all that
they have put into the canal at Panama
they will be glad to conclude arrange
ments by which they will be able to get
back even a small part, of their Invest
ment. . ?
Several members of the commission
strongly prefer the Panama route to the
Nicaragua route as an engineering prop
osition, and If an advantageous proposal
is submitted by the French company th«
selection of the Nicaragua route will be
a matter of great doubt.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 2K.— Although
the report of the Isthmian Canal Com
mission is practically completed, there i3
little probability that it will be submitted
to the President by the first of September,
as had been expected, and the report may
be held back until Congress meets In De
cember.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
To-night the members were entertained
at a reception by the Woman's Club of
Denver, at which a lecture was given on
cliff dwellings in Colorado by Mrs. John
Hays Hammond.
The following retiring vice presidents
made their farewell addresses: Vice Presi
dent Davenport, before the section of
zoology. "The Zoology of the Twentieth
Century"; Vice President Brashear, be
fore the section of mechanical science and
engineering, "The Carnegie Technical
School"; Vice President Butler, before the
section of anthropology, "A Notable
Factor in Social Degeneration"; Vice
President Long, before the section of
chemistry, "Some Points' in the Early
History and Present Conditions of the
Teaching of Chemistry in the Medical
Schools of the United. States"; Vice Presi
dent Woodward, before the section of
social and economic science.
The general session waa called together
by the retiring: president. Professor R. S.
Woodward of Columbia University, New-
York., who introduced the new president.
Dr. C. S.- Minot of Boston.
Addresses of welcome were made by
Mayor B. R. Wright of Denver. President
C. S. Wilson of the Denver Chamber of
Commerce, General Irving Hale, repre
senting the Denver business men, and
Professor Aaron Gove, City Superin
tendent of Schools, for the educators of
Colorado. .A letter of regrets from Gov
ernor Orman, who is out of the city, was
read. After some routine work the meet
ing took a recess until to-morrow.
During the afternoon < the following
officers were Installed:
Section A— Mathematics and astronomy,
James McMahon, Cornell University.
Section B— Physics, D. B. Brace, University
of Nebraska. '»
Section C— Chemistry? John H. Lonr, North
western University.
Section r> — Mechanical science and engineer
ing, -H. S. Jacoby, Cornell University.
Section E— Geology and geography, C. H.
Van Hise, University of Wisconsin.
Section F — Zoology, >Pavid Starr Jordan, Stan
ford University. , ¦ . . • .- ¦
Section G — Botany, B. T. Galloway, United
States Department of Agriculture.
Section H— Anthropology, J. Walter Fewkes,
Bureau of American Ethnology.
Section I — Social and economic science. John
Hyde, United States Department of Agricult
ure. . . . .
Permanent secretary. P. O. Howard, United
States Department of Agriculture.
General secretary, "William Halleck, Colum
bia University. -¦-..- " • •¦
Secretary of the council, D. T. MacDougal,
Botanical Gardens. . .-- •
Treasurer, R. S. Woodward, Columbia Uni
versity. ¦
DENVER, Aug. 26.— The, fourth annual
meeting 'of the American Association for
tho Advancement of Science was opened
In the East. Denver High School building
this morning with about 200 members or
the society in attendance. The general
sessidn was preceded by a meeting of the
council at which Plttsburg was selected
as the place for the next meeting of the
association.
In the Meantime Both Sides
to Controversy Claiming
Victory.
Commission May Finally Re
port Against Nicaragua
Proposition.
Does Not Concur in Opinion
Given on Newlands'
Resolution.
Professor Jordan Installed at
the Head of- the Section
' of Zoology.
Attorney General Dole
Does Not Agree With
Judge Gear.
Steel Strike to Be Medi
ated by 'Disinterested
Parties.
Members of American
Association Present
¦Valuable Papers. \
More Favorable Terms to
'Be Made by French
Company.
STILL HOPEFUL
OF SETTLEMENT
CLASH BETWEEN
COURT OFFICIALS
MEN OF SCIENCE
MEET AT DENVER
PANAMA ROUTE
FOR THE CANAL
REAR ADMIRAL L. A. BEARDSLEE
HOME AGAIN FROM THE ORIENT
Represented the United States at the Unveiling of
Commodore Perry; Monument in Japan.
¦ ¦ ' ' V -¦' - • • .:¦'-.¦ 4 ¦ '-V '¦ . . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ . , • i ¦ , -''.'"'. ¦ ¦, "¦ -
THE "f A-N \ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1901
2
ADVERTISEMENTS. .*. -
If you want to be a strong, husky fel-
low, with lots of steam in your pipc3,
you ought ;tp read my book on the sub-
ject of physical development My busi-
ness is making. men strong, especially
those men who have thrown away their
strength by excesses, overwork >nd dis-
sipation. My electric belt is ' making
such men happy every day. My book
(illustrated) tells how. ! It's free. Dr.
M. E. McLaughlin, 703 Market street,
San Francisco.
J^f' &J& CANDY CATHARTIC . **
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold lnbuSb .
Beware of the dealer who tries to sdl
something "just as good.
¦ ¦ .¦¦*'WITH the difference of the In
troduction of a heavy villain,
¦who, however, wilts into a
delightfully Impossible gin
gerbread rascal In the last
act, the characters In the two new Car
ton comedies that we have Been during
the last two weeks remain the same.
There is a. Bhlft in the scenery of the
drama, however, that makes for Inter-
"Romeo and Juliet" «it the Alcazar a Satisfying Per=
formance===PIeasing Bills at Other Playhouses.
"WHEELS WITHIN WHEELS" SHOWS
FROHMAN PEOPLE TO ADVANTAGE
LEADING LADY 'AT THE ALCAZAR THEATER, THE TIVOLI'S FAVORITE
SOPRANO AND THE NEW LEADING MAN WHO WILL APPEAR NEXT
WEEK FOR A SEASON AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. > V
Continued From Page One.
FRANCE TO NEW
YORK BY RAIL
Collamarini was even more effective than
at the opening as Azucena, singing and
acting with fire. Barbareschi earned all
the applause that she had and that was
much. Taken as a whole, the opera was
an improvement over/ the earlier pre
sentations. If the cast was not exactly
ideal, it was high class. " The chorus was'
In good shape and was handled neatly.
"II Trovatore" will be . on ¦ Wednesday
Friday and Saturday nights. -This even-
Ing "Meflstofele" will be presented, with
Dado, Agostlni, Montanarl, Poletlnl and
Cortesi In the leading roles.' This opera
wlll.be also given Thursday and Saturday
evenipgs and at the Saturday matinee.
The injured: David Stiles, fatally; A. T.
Thornton, seriously; Sam Willfred, se
riously. *
The bridge is being built by the Phoenix
Bridge Company of Philadelphia. The
structure was not materially damaged by
the accident, though some of the Iron
work was strained. •
Four Construction Hands Meet in
stant Death and Several Otliers
Are Badly Injured.
COLUMBIANS. C, Aug. 26.— An accident
at the new bridge which the Southern
Railroad Is constructing at Congaree
River to-day caused the death of four
men. Another was fatally and two more
seriously injured. The falling of the steel
girders about seven feet long, weighing
fourteen tons each, caused the accident.
The girders were hoisted about midway
of the river above the bridge. The rains
of the night previous probably had caused
the ropes holding them In place to slip.
The crash came without the slightest
warning. There were seventy-five people
on the bridge, spectators and workmen.
Dead: - •
S. J. CASTLEBERRY.
REUBEN AUSTIN.
JOB DEBAIS.
JIM REESE.
HEAVY STEEL GIBDEKS
FALL KILLING WOBKMEN
half frozen and almost dead from ex
haustion. ¦ . y
It was then 3 o'clock in the morning.
Mortimer ran eight miles through the
woods to the Yukon, where he had a
canoe moored. In this he made his way
to Dawson, where he Informed the offi
cials of hi? experience. . He had been in
the dungeon twelve hours.
Mortimer is a Scotchman and a miner
of many years' experience, having been
In East Africa. Old Cariboo, Casslar, over
tho Stickine once and in the Yukon, since
1S94.
Central..;",;
The Central Theater company gave a
EL RENO. O. : T., Aug. ; 26.— A \ : special
from. Lawton to .the. American says that
the "thermometer registered' 112 degrees
there " to-day, the hottest * of the - season.-
Much sickness is likely .to' follow. -^
Thermometer Soars Sigh, at Lawton.
SAN JOSE, Aug., 26.— John William Pi
per, who has taken up his residence here
since receiving his i portion of • his uncle's
fortune,- was , arrested to-day, ¦; charged
with ; a serious crime. The complainant
is ..Newton Oliver, a. former bell boy ¦ In
the St. James Hotel. . Piper was a.board
er at the St. James while Oliver • was
there employed. Piper declares he is the
victim of a, blackmailing plot. .
Arrested on a Serious Cnarge.
Sala«sa and Castellano sang in "II Tro
vatore" at the Tlvoll last evening. Other
wise the cast was the same as at, the Ini
tial performance of the opera, when. the
season was new.' Salassa drew his 'share
of applause for his singing of "II Balen,".
doing a very sentimental bit of jyocallza
tlon with all the , orthodox effects. Cas
tellano stormed the audience with the si$»
tained high note in the "Quella Pira"
song and had his due share of recalls.
Tivoli.
COLON, v Colombia, Aug. 26.— A report
is circulated here to, the 1 effect that :the
rebels now threatening the town of Bo
cas del Toro hail ; from Bluefields, Nica
ragua.— • \'*~ - •. •• -.
The United States gunboat Machias an
chored to-day in Colon harbor.
Tne Machias at Colon.
himself with glory. , f.
As Lady Algy Miss Van Buren was not
happily cast. She looked- extremely
pretty, though. The play is very hand
somely mounted. It will run throughout
..the week.
The FrawJey people are not altogether
happy in the ultra-English comedy,
"Lord and Lady Algy." which was given
at the Grand last evening. This sporty
play has never been a' favorite with local
theater-goers, and even the splendid cast
Miller gave it last season could not make
the play gro. In the second act Frawley
came out unusually strong and did some
Bplendid comedy work. The second act is
the big act of the play, and it all rests on
the shoulders of poor inebriated' Lord
Algy. Frawley -was equal, however/ to all
the demands of the situation and covered
Grand Opera-Uouse.
The Nelll Company at the California
Theater has scored a decided success in
the charming comedy, "Rosemary." The
house was well filled last night and cur
tain calls were in evidence. . Julia Dean
has made a great hit as Dorothy, as she
gives t6 the character that sweetness and
brightness to make it irresistibly attrac
tive. Mr. Neill Is alsd" capital as Sir Jas
per. In fact, all the parts are admirably
sustained. There were no long waits be
tween the acts last night.
California.
CHICAGO,- Aug. 26.— Delegates to the
annual convention of the Gaelic League
of -'America, which met here to-day.
adopted anew constitution, providing for
a State organization or league, to act in
conjunction with the national body. A
resolution was also adopted providing
that Irish history be taught in parochial
schools. •..-.-. ¦• : . . -, ....-¦
An open k meeting was held at the Au
ditorium to-night, at which speeches were
made by Rev.P.C. Yorke: of San Fran
cisco. ' Michael -- Davitt . and ' others. " Mr.
Davltt told of the advancement in Ire
land and predicted •¦ that the. national
tongue 1 of Irishmen . would be revived
through the efforts of the organization. .:
Father Yorke Among the Speakers.
Another dispatch says that the Bul
garians seized five Turks, drenched them
with petroleum and burned them alive.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— Special dispatches
from Odessa and Vienna give unconfirmed
reports of Kurdish ' atrocities in the hill
districts of Armenia and of fighting be
tween the Turks and Bulgarians in Mace
donia, several persons being killed at
Pawsonwitz. -.--.-
Bulgarians' Burn Five Turks.
WINNIPEG, Man., Aug. 26.— In the Po
lice Court to-day R. P. Roblin, Premier
of Manitoba, charged his partner In the
cattle business, D. W. Mills, with ; the
theft of $16,000. Roblin charges that dur
ing his absence in the East Mills sold sev
eral hundred head or cattle owned by
them Jointly and kept the proceeds.
Mills had $2500 when arrested. He has
been one of the best-known cattlemen: in
Western Canada for twenty years past.
The case ¦was continued. ;._•-.
Charges Partner With -Theft.
Just at this 'time his captor camo back.
The prisoner .'slipped "to -the bottom and
hid. ' The kidnaper • threw the- old man a
coat," again demanding $G00, and again left.
The eld man , ascended .again,' this , time
with .three sticks bound Into a long pole.
After a' half -hour he. succeeded in lifting
the rope over; a timber at the top of the
shaft.-- He- scaled ;tho. rope -with .the aid
of knots he .had made; In It: Just at the
top. 'when "¦ freedom was ; In ' his grasp, ho
slipped and 'fell to the bottom, but escaped
serious Injury. • : Remounting • the rope, <ne
at last succeeded In- reaching the .surface.
Finally} Gains Freedom.
idea struck the prisoner. v He would try
to work higher. It was many feet to the
top and not another projection presented
itself. Then he hit upon . another < plan.
The shaft. was six feet wide; at_the bot
tom were several long sticks.' He would
bind them together and bring them up and
build an. Incline up from the nlcne. -.
In the. meantime Tils captor, returned
twice and declined to give ¦ the .begging
prisoner food, but let a small bottle of
tea down on a, string. The. fellow. asked
for $600 and promised to let Mortimer go
for this amount. Mortimer had no money,
with him. <_'¦ '¦ ¦ '. '¦ . * : 'V/^'
Finally the old miner bound the sticks
hastily . with t rope. : took ' a strand of , rope
in his teeth, wormed his way up the rope
ladder to the shelf, drew the sticks with
one hand as; he held on with;the other,
catching the- string * in his teeth as he
gathered it. Then he tried to # throw the
stick to -the"; top -of the shaft, but fell
short by : many .. feet." s . - . . ,
The Chutes has another strong bill of
novelties this week. The Edmonds are
clever musicians, and scored, a hit with
their selections of the Swiss bells, xylo
phone and chimes. Ina Allen, a soprano
sings selections from popular operas.
Ameta, the spectacular dancer, made her
reappearance. Robert A. Nome rendered
several solos on the saxophone. Reynard,
the ventriloquist, and Hayes brothers,
comedians and dancers, were also good
numbers.
Chutes.
Continued from Page One.
The Gagnoux, wonderful European
Jugglers; Iza Miller, comedienne: Mem
phis Kennedy, musical comedian: Annie
Morris, coon shouter, and twenty more
clever variety people are giving an enter
taining performance at the Olympla.
Olyxnpia.
VICTORIA. B. C.^'Aug. 26.— It was re
ported to-night ¦thaf'the. cruiser Amphion,
now at Esqulmalt, and the two torpedo
destroyers Sparrowhawk and Virago had
received orders to • prepare 'for a cruise,
orobablyto Panama, for which place the
Icarus recently left. The Amphion this
afternoon took on three scowloads cf am
munition, and orders have been given to
have all her stores and equipment on
board -without delay. The Virago's boiler
has been taken . apart • for repairs, and
work has been ordered to go on day. and
night in order to hurry them to comple
tion. ¦ ¦¦¦'•¦ -»- . . : :
ceed to Panama.
Three British Vessels Ordered to Pro-
SENDING MORE WARSHIPS.
The Paloma quartet, composed of Lily
Laws. Ethel Carroll. Millie Murray and
Eugenia Breltengross. made a great hit
at Fischer's last night in their Spanish
and Tyrolean songs. Marietta North and
some clever-children were well received In
"Wanda's Aspirations," a musical farce.
Joe Edmunds proved to be an amusing
Irish comedian, and Henry Bergers gave a
daring and graceful trapeze performance.
Others on an interesting programme were
Coleman and Mexis. sensational sharp
shooters; Fannie Raymond, the pleasing
balladlst; P. A. Dunsworth, the popular
tenor, and Camelia and Amelita, Spanish
dancers. The house was packed.
Fischer's Concert House.
IMPRISONS MINER.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— Captain
.lames M. Forsyth has been asked' by
Acting Secretary Hackett whether he
gave \ the alleged Interview with him sent
out from Kansas City last night rela
tive to the Schley-Sampson controversy.
Acting Secretary Hackett and the offi
cials of the Navy Department . were
much surprised to read the alleged inter
view this morning., in face of the posi
tive orders issued by Secretary .Long pro
hibiting persons connected with/the nuiy
from discussing the Sampson-Schley con
troversy in any way pending the finding
of the court. of inquiry. It can hardy
lie believed in' the department that any
officer in the navy, especially one with
the high rank of Captain Forsyth, can
have been guilty of- violating not only
the navy regulations, but an express cr-
wrote to
Captain Forsyth to-day asking him
whether he had given such an : interview
No further action will be taken until
Captain Forsyth 1 s reply has been- re-
Ce Hacketfs letter was official. f as It
did not go through the % office of the
judge advocate- general, which is- the
SSM Assistant &£Eg
it is not probable that he will tie called
to account for it officially, unless evi
dence should be submitted to the depart
ment contradicting his denial. A
"Connection will be made with the Rus
sian line at Vladivostok, and It will be
possible after the American links to the
south are supplied to travel from France
to New York and beyond without change
of cars. Alaska, not long ago remote and
Isolated, will be in the center of the
earth's greatest .railway belt line."
"Immense ferry-boats will be used for
crossing the Bering Straits, where a
strong current keeps the neck of water
from ever* closing entirely. Details of the
plans are not complete. It may be neces
sary to maintain an Immense bridge or
cable for the safety of the boats.
"The work of financing the company
would be in the hands of a French noble
man of great prominence and popularity.
He will deal with the financiers and I
with the public. I shall also look after
the scientific and technical matters pre
paratory to construction. I shall ask the
American Government to grant right of
way- and the land subsidy. I shall. go to
Russia, and at St. Petersburg the plan
will be laid before the Czar to obtain his
co-operation - and land grants similar to
those asked from America.
clers in Paris recently and gave them the
facts about the richness of this country.
My hearers became very much interest
ed, and by the bankers who were present
I was asked why this country and France
could not be connected by a transporta
tion line. The result was that I had a
conference with the bankers and they
agreed to pledge $20,000,000 for the ad
vancement and building of a railway from
Circle City to Vladivostok. The amount
was subsequently increased to $30,000,000,
which represents substantially the sub
scription of the Bank of France.
"After due consideration it was agreed
the capitalization should be $200,000,000. Of
this amount we have to raise. $50,000,000 Jn
America. John D. Rockefeller has prom
ised me $10,000,000 for a scheme of this
sort, and thus you may see that the
American financial backing is in ' good
hands.'
£/£ I Will Appeal to the Czar.
Navy Department Thinks
Published Interview
Is Not True.
Honors at the Orpheum this -week are
being' gathered in about equally by Rich
ard Jose and Lucille Saunders. Le
febre's saxophone quartet, which adds to
its fame by rendering a sextet from
"Lucia"— four doing the work of six, and
as good as six do It — is also winning the
admiration of the audience. The selec
tions Droduced in all their fullness by
Jose are rounded out as only perfect sup
port can round them by the accompani
ments of Professor Rosner. Lucille Saun
ders Is likewise favored by the orchestra,
though her sympathetic contralto voice
needs but small support. Powell, the
magician, lives .up to his name. His
trunk "trick" places him among the fore
most In his profession. Louise Thorn
dyke Boucicault and Herbert H. Pattee
appear again this week in last week's
sketch, "A Proper Impropriety." The
Cragg company of acrobats, "The Four
Otts" in their hilarious absurdity, "The
Sifl art Set," and last, but interesting, the
biograph pictures, complete a bill of un
usual merit.
Orpheum.
As to the acting. Miss Spong has cer
tainly a more sufficient part this week,
but shows no access of temperament
therein. She shows the same sunny, self
conscious exclusive and leisurely air as the
Hon. Mrs. Onslow Bulmer as she did as
Lady Huntworth, and with no hint of fur
ther possibilities were opportunity afford
ed- She is always a certain charming Miss
Spong, beautiful, and with an uncommon
eir of distinction, but she has never yet
forgotten herself in her part, and I do not
think ever will. She wore seme very stun
ning gowns last night, by the way.
* Mr. Forrest is very sufficient as Lord
i Eric Chantrell, with his High School hero
1 lne. Particularly in the first scene, when
he trl^s to prevent Mrs. Onslow Bulmer
from hearing his unvirtuous friend's con
fessions, is his work good, and all through
he managed to invest the character with
Just the right unearthly accent. Grant
Stewart is excellent as Sir Philip Cur
toys, losing his own identity completely
Is the part. Mr. Finney is a little over
realistic In his part of James Biagden, the
fresh and vulgar person who has fallen
among gentlemen, but it is a truthful, if
overloud, performance. . William Courte
nay was a very gentle villain, sufficient,'
refined, and in good harmony with the
pitch of the play. Mr. Owen was a bright
epct as a. waiter.
airs. Whiffen has too little to do as Miss
Curtovp. but is delightful as usual, while
Mies Morgan is Miss Spong in miniature
as Lady Curtoys.
est. and last night's comedy at the Co
lumbia.. "Wheels Within Wheels," went
swiftly and easily to a finish to a flat
tering chorus of easy laughter.
Miss Spong is again the irresponsible
lady with a penchant for lightsomely
making ducks and drakes of her reputa
tion •while really engaged In playing the
Deus en machina all round. In "Lady
Huntworth's Experiment" she permits
her husband to "obtain a divorce from
her, the judgment, of course, against
her, and with the same insistence on her
assumed guilt she inexplicably flaunts
the latchkey of the villain's room in the
face of a man who has discovered her
stealing: a compromising letter (written
by her brother's wife) from the said bad
man's writing desk. Arthur Forrest has
also a like role with his last week's
part, with the freshness and slight
vulgarity subtracted, and further be
queathed in exaggerated form to Mr.
Kinney as James Blagden. Mr. Forrest
plays the impossible hero, a kind of
modern Don Quixote, who will serve Dul
cinea to the death in spite of 'those elab
orate bushels that she so willfully covers
up her arc light with. Then Grant Stew
art is the same eminently respectable
precision, with the susceptibility left out,
as he was so fitly last week, and Mrs.
Wh:ffen has also a too small role similar ,
to her assignment In "Lady Iluntworth's
Experiment." Miss Morgan elopes in !
"Wheels Within Wheels" as she did last
week, though it is true she does not suc
ceed, and in the later comedy is a mar
ried woman eloping 1 with a married man.
But there Is at least a strong family
likeness between these later comedies of
Mr. Carton's, more particularly between
the characters concerned. The (situations,
too. are of the saxne fantastically im
possible character, but are, by much,
more amusing.
STAGE LIONESS
CLAWS ACTOR
Excitement During Per
formance in 'a Spo
kane Theater.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Aug. 26.— During the per-'
formance of "A Trip to Cuba" in the Au
ditorium^ Theater to-night a shriek of
agony wjjs heard behind the scenes. "Wil
liam Harris, an actor, had walked too
near a cage of lions which are used in a
vaudeville act. One of the lionesses seized
him through the bars by the back and
tore a wound in his scalp four inches in
length and gave him lesser scratches.
By an almost superhuman effort Harris
tore himself away from the beast's claws.
The curtain was hastily rung" down ami
all was confusion in the theater. Phy
sicians dressed Harris* ¦wound and . later
the performance 'proceeded. The actor
will he laid up for some time.
Two Killed in a Fight.
DEMING, N. Mex., Aug. 27.— A free-for
all fight among the graders on the Bisbee
Railroad at Antelope Pass, sixty miles
southwest of here, resulted In the killing
of two brothers named Hoffman, sub
contractors, and the wounding of three
other men, names unknown. •
highly creditable performance last night
of the ever popular melodrama, "The Two
Orphans." The play was cast to the full,
strength of the capable stock company,
and a large audience was pleased with the
strong situations with which the piece
abounds. Miss Annette Marshall,- the
new leading lady, fulfilled all the re
quirements of the orphan Henri
ette, while Miss Mabel Pennock
proved a revelation as Louise, the
blind girl. She acted with much feel
ing. Lillian Elliott and James Corrigan
as La Frochard and son contributed all
the mirth which an otherwise somber play
possesses, and many hisses testified that
the villainous parts were in good hands.
Robert Cummines as the .Chevalier de
Vaudrey was stagy, as usual, and Willard
Blackmore as Pierre, the crippled brother,
played his part bravely. The play is well
staged.
that he was ready to have his cash
counted. The amount on hand tallied
with the balance shown on Dimmlck's
books and the transaction was closed un
til the beginning of the present suit.
Leach then identified some entries In
the books of the Mint and detailed cer
tain accountings involved in the present
proceedings.
The hearing will be resumed at 2 o'clock
this afternoon. ,v .;
ATTORNEY COLLINS EMPHA
SIZING ONE OF HIS NUMER
OUS OBJECTIONS BEFORE
JTJDGE HEACOCK.
they showed a cash balance on hand Of
$1338 97. "I will not bother about the cash
to-day. Let me count it in the morning,"
ho said.
The following morning 3 Dimmlck fol
lowed Leach into his private office. The
chief clerk closed the door. He appeared
to be laboring under great mental excite
ment.
"Mr. Leach," he said, "for the first time
in my life I have told you a lie. Don't
ask me far that money. It might make
me an embezzler."
The witness asked, Dimmick how he
justified his taking Government funds.
Dimmick explained that he (Dimmick)
was the custodian of this particular
money, that he would not under ordinary
circumstances have had to account for it
until the end of the quarter, and that,
anyway, his bond was more than suffi
cient to protect the Government against
loss. •
He went on to remind Leach of how
creditors had haunted him. They had
dogged his footsteps from the Mint to his
home and from his home to the Mint:
they had leaned over his desk and dunned
him during, business hours, and had
driven him to the verge of insanity. He
had arranged, he- said, to convert his lite
insurance policy into cash and had sim
ply anticipated the proceeds of his policy
to stave off the most relentless of his
creditors. ..•¦..- .
In view of the confidential relations that
FORSYTH'S TALK
CREATES A STIR
Leach's testimony generally tended to
confirm Cashier Cole's account of the
juggling by- Dimmick of the . $498 37
voucher. This voucher had been made by
Dimmlck at Leach's request and did not
represent an actual cash transaction.
When Leach found that Dimmick had im
posed the voucher on tire cashier and that
the latter had carried it as cash until
Dimmick had taken it up he (Leach) be
gan an investigation into 'Dimmick s ac
counts. After devoting about a week to
this work and finding everything appa
rently all right he sent for Dimmlck. told
him of the circumstances of the $49S si
v ¦ - - . ¦ . . .
T' HE examination into the first of
a series v of \ charges of embezzle
ment brought against "Walter N.
Dimmick, late of the Mint, was
continued yesterday afternon be
fore United . States Commissioner Hea
cock. The only witness examined was
Superintendent Leach, who told of the cir
cumstances which induced him to ask
Dimmick to look for another job and
which gave color to the presumption on
the part of the secret service agents, that
the late chief clerk \ stole the missing
$30,000. • •¦ , .-•¦'¦
The present examination deals with the
alleged embezzlement of $498 37 on April
7, 1900.
The rebels on the isthmus are hampered
by a lack of arms and ammunition, and
are reported to be awaiting the arrival of
shipments and the presence in the field of
certain leaders before commencing activi
ties on the isthmus. General Alban,-Gov
ernor of Panama, who wan recently grant
ed extraordinary, civil and military pow
ers on both sides of the Isthmus, Is now
absent at Sabanilla. He Is supposed to be
bringing troops for the protection \ of the
Isthmus. He lately invited a number of
friends at Panama to his house, put a
guard at the door and forced his guests to
contribute liberally to the Government be
fore releasing them. A Colombian holding
monopolies •under thn Conservatives is be
ing forced to contribute liberally to the
payment of. the police of the isthmus.
Hampered by Lack of Arms.
A noticeable distinguishing feature. of
the revolution 5s the actual moral support
the Liberals are receiving from Venezu
ela, Ecuador and . Nicaragua, in which
countries Liberal governments prevail.
Colombia's Conservative Government is
not popular with the Governments of the
Isthmus, but 5s popular with the revolu
tionary elements in the. same countries.
The situation can be likened to a disrupt
ed federation,' composed of Venezuela,
Ecuador, Colombia and Nicaragua, in
which Liberal and Conservative partisans
are helping each other and intriguing to
gether. But, being separate nations, the
political and armed intrigues threaten in*
ternational trouble.
It is reported that the Conservative re
volt In Venezuela against President Cas
tro is receiving actual support from the
Colombian Conservatives. Nicaragua's
threatened ! revolution will probably be
similarly aided on the occasion arising.
The conditions give ground for the re
ports of actual or threatened international
complications between the countries
mentioned, in •which the Liberals are gen
erally opposed to Colombia's Conserva
tive .administration, whose prophesies
downfall is accompanied by talk of a fed
eration or consolidation of some or all of
the countries mentioned under the idea
of a "Grand Colombia." '- '
Support From Venezuela.
COLON, Colombia, Aug. 23, via .Kings
ton, Jamaica, Aug. 26.— The censorship
here prevents the transmission of political
news or news unfavorable to the Govern
ment. The revolt, of the Liberal : Colom
bian rebels, now two years old, lately as
sumed a more serious aspect by the Lib
erals' concentration on the isthmus. It is
believed they are contemplating aggres
sive action. Consequently uneasiness pre
vails at Panama, the Liberal objective,
which was nearly captured a" year ago.
It is not believed the. rebels will molest
the railroad or interrupt traffic. -The re
cent .rebel 'raldsi^aloag ; the^r railroad
amounted to "-bloodless and the
robbery of Chinese ' storekeepers, which
the presence of a few Government troops
apparently stopped. There is a report that
the Government is bringing troops to pro
tect the isthmus. This will be difficult
without exposing -to rebel attacks the
points whence they are taken. The area
of the revolt is extensive.
Assumes Serious Aspect.
• The condition of "affairs on the isthmus
is very threatening. Liberals assert, that
the raids along the railroad , are made
with the intention of inducing a foreign
government to follow and attack the raidr
ers in their mountain stronghold. ; ¦_-
¦A man who has Just arrived from the
Isthmus says he , visited the camp of a
thousand men who were so -intrenched
that a hundred times their number could
not dislodge them. The rebels still hesi
tate to attack Colon or Panama. on ac
count of the scarcity of guns -and ammu
nition. They expect a large shipment
soon. An Indian chief in the department
is said. to have offered : to furnish a thou
sand men if arms are provided for them.
Threatening State on Isthmus.
"There has been no declaration of war,
and there will be none, for none Is neces
sary. Venezuelan' Liberals openly aid the
Colombian rebels, and now the. Colombian
Government in turn assists President Cas
tro's enemies In their attempt to over
throw hlm.'V It is claimed that they will
succeed in this, and then the Government
will give attention to Nicaragua and pun
ish .President Zclaya.'"
Tne Colombian warship General Finzon,
formerly the Namouna, Is still, at Saba
nilla with' General Alban on. board. ' .The
vessel cannot sail without more officers.
When General Jeffreys , took her from
Colon he only had one officer under him,
and this man became insane after one day
out. " The solitary engineer of the Pinzon
cannot stand all the. work of , running, the
ship. General' Jeffreys left Sabanilla sud
denly, and • General Galderon,' Conserva
tive candidate for President of Nicaragua,
who has never sailed a ship, is said to be
commander. An American gunner named
Rose was anxious to quit the ship with
General Jeffreys, but was stopped by the
authorities.
KINGSTON, Jamaica,' Aug. 26.— War al
ready, exists between Colombia and Vene
zuela, according to South American,eth
ics. A leading official of the Isthmus said
to The Call correspondent:
'4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ceiving Considerable Moral Sup
port From v Nicaragua and
Ecuador.
Liberals Are. Also Declared to Be Re-
Revolutionists in Both Dis
turbed Countries Are
Secretly Aided.
South American Ethics
on Venezuela and ..'
Colombia. > X
Testifies That Dimmick Confessed to Using Govern
ment .Funds to Satisfy Creditors.
WAR EXISTS
BETWEEN THE
TWO NATIONS
LEACH ON THE WITNESS STAND
TELLS OF VOUCHER JUGGLING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1901.
voucher and asked for an explanation.
Dimmlck's explanation was at the time
satisfactory, but later, said the witness,
proved to be founded on falsehood.
Dimmick Pleads for Mercy, i i*
At this same time. Leach testified, he
asked Dimmick for his books. Dimmick
brought the books and said at the time,
"Mr. Leach, you will find the book3 right
to a dollar, and when you are reardy to
count the cash I'll bring it to you."
Leach examined the books and found that
had hitherto existed between him and his
chief clerk, 'Leach was inclined, ha told
Commissioner Heacock, to be lenient with
his subordinate. He lectured him on the
seriousness of his act. pointed out that he
had committed a penitentiary offense and
save him five days in which to produce
the money. At the same time he" told
Dimmlck that he would have to leave the
Mint, but that there was no hurry for a
few months. He could remain until he
had made' certain of a new Job.
Dimmlck subsequently notified Leach
3
Bad Circulation is the canse of most of the ills that come vrith old age. With
advancing years there is a decline of strength and vigor— the machinery of the
body moves with less speed and accuracy. Because of the weak and irregular
action of the heart the blood moves more slowly, becomes impure and loses much
of its life-sustajning properties, and muscles, tissues and nerves literally starve for
lack of nourishment. A sluggish and polluted circulation is followed by a long
train of bodily ailments. Cold feet, chilly sensations np and down the spine, poor
appetite and digestion; soreness of the muscles, rheumatic pains, hard and fissured
skin, face sores, chronic running Ulcers on the lower limbs and other parts of the
body — -these and many other diseases peculiar to old people are due to a lack of
healthy blood and imperfect circulation. Restoration to health must come through
the building up and purification of the blood, thus adding strength and tone to
the vital organs and quick, healthy action to the circulation.
> v"S. S. S. being strictly a vegetable blood remedy and the best tonic, makes it
the most valuable and efficacious of all medicine for old people. , It is free from all
mineral ingredients, and mild^and pleasant in its action. It cures blood diseases
of every character, even those inherited or contracted in early life. As the system
gets under the influence of S. S. S. there is a marked improvement in the general
health, and as richer and purer blood begins to circulate through the body -the
appetite improves, and there is a softness and elasticity about the skin that you
have not noticed for years ; sores begin to heal, pains in muscles and joints grad-
ually' cease, and^rdu find that it is possible to be happy and healthy even in old age.
Our medical department is in charge of physicians who make a study of blood
and skin diseases. If you would like to have their opinion and advice in your
case, write them all about it and you shall receive such information and advice a3
, you want. This will cost you nothing. Others have found our medical depart-
ment of great benefit to them— their cure being much more rapid as the result of
8ome*special directions received from our physicians. •
t' £ Don't be your own doctor when yon can get medical advice free. Book on
Blood and Skin Diseases mailed to all who desire it.*
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA. QA.
jjjllljfij PEOPLE IJifSfSlREDDING. Aug. 26.— A traveler, un
known in this vicinity, but -who is said to
have teen touring the mountains afoot
for his health, was found dead yesterday
on Tamarack road, east of Millville. No
violence is evidenced and death Is be
lieved to have been due to heart disease.
Found Dead on a Koad.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 26.— Harry Ham
mel. who was arrested by Detectlve3
Fisher and Fitzgerald for blowing open
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson's safe in this
city and stealing therefrom a large sum,
declines to make any statement with
reference to that crime, but has made a
practical confession of the wrecking of a
6afe in the San Mateo Postoffice. saying
that if allowed to go to San Mateo he
will plead guilty to that charge and take
the limit of fifteen years' Imprisonment.
Harry Hammel Willing to Plead
Guilty and Accept the Maxi
mum Sentence.
CONFESSES KOBBEBY OP
SAM" BEATEO POST-OFFICE
The Olympic Athletic Club will hold a
boxing exhibition next month. The clever
est amateurs of the coast will compete for
handsome trophies.
George Gardner and "Kid" Carter, two
well-known boxers, will contest for the
light heavy-weight championship of pug
dom at Mechanics' Pavilion, on Friday
night. They will box twenty rounds for a
decision. Both men are willing fighters,
and the ring-goers of this city will surely
see some torrid scrapping. Several years
ago the men rought nineteen rounds In
New York, and Gardner was awarded tha
decision on a foul. .... , .,
Gardner has improved In his boxing. Al
though he had little chance to show his
prowess in his bout with Jack Moffatt.
he gave ample evidence that he Is a dan
gerous opponent. Carter's splendid show
ing against Champion Jack Root will not
be forgotten by local fight goers. Gardner
is training at the Ingleside House, and
Carter is fitting himself at Blanken's Six-
Mile House.
"Kid" McFadden will box fifteen rounds
with Tom. Herman as a preliminary to the
main event. McFadden is a clever feath
er-weight boxer and Herman 13 an ag
gressive fighter. ' .
"Kid" "Williams and Henry Lewis will
open the entertainment. They will box
ten rounds for a decision.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club will
give Its monthly exhibition to-night. Tho
following amateurs will box:
Ed Devlin va. Frank George, Jimmy Whippls
vs Jack Pluto, Joe Angell vs. George Murpny.
Barney Drlscoll vs.' Dick Cullen. Jerry Collins
vs. Georpe Ederlatz. Spider Welch vs. Young
Schoenbein and Mike Curtain vs. Ted "Wolff.
Regular Monthly Exhibition
of Hayes Valley Club
To-Night.
Garter and Gardner Are
Rounding Into Fine
Form.
TRAINING HARD
FOR THE FIGHT
' The average man lsari economist when
he has to buy anything for his wife.
Fatal Mine Explosion.
TUCSON,- Ariz.; Aug. 26.— By an explo
sion In El Royal shaft at Helvetia mining
camp a miner named • McLaughlin was
blown to. atoms and King, another miner,
was critically injured. •
LIMA. ? Peru ) Aug.^ 26.— In . the Peruvia n
Senate to-night a resolution was intro
duced calling upon the Minister of the In
terior < to answer . certain 'accusations
brought against him. It was rejected by
a vote of 20 to 14.' \ -
Peruvian Minister, Under a Cloud.
VIS ALIA, Aug. 26.— The , appraisement
of the estate of the late Jasper Harreli
¦was- filed, to-day with the Clerkiof .Tulare
County. It foots up ,to a total of 51,018,
03S 66. ; This is .the largest appraisement
of Individual property ever 'filed • in this
county. -- • ¦ ¦¦;.'.¦ . • ,-. ¦; v
Jasper Han-ell's Large Estate.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— B^bby Walthour
of Atlanta, Ga., In his match race, motor
paced, against Johnny Nelson of Chicago,
defeated the latter, and in eo doing
smashed all previous indoor paced bicycle
records from one to fifteen miles, inclu- ;
Five. Walthour Jumped into the .lead at
the start ' and rode rings around the
plucky little Chicagoan. who had the mis
fortune to lose his pace frequently and
one of his motors broke down. "Walthour
won by fourteen laps. Following is a
summary of the race, Walthour being the
leader at the end of every mile:
M"cs. Tlme.<MIJes. ¦"'. *¦¦-*' Time
1 1:37 2-5] 9 14:23 4-5
I 3:05 1-5 10 .16:112-5
2 J-SHM wow
* 6:16 3-5!12 19-27
BOBBY WALTEOUB SMASHES
INDOOB BICYCLE BECOBDS
SPOKANE. Aug. 26.— Formal notice has
been served of charges of maladministra
tion preferred against Dr. Henry Brown,
presiding "elder, and Dr. P. A. Cool, pastor
of the- First Methodist Church of this
city," and Rev. T. H. Hodgson, pastor of
the Church of Coeur d'Alene... Additional
charges of fraud and deceit are made
against Dr. Cool. These are the result
of the trials and ' expulsion of five mem
bers .from ;the First Methodist Church.
The charges will be Investigated, by the
conference which will meet in
"Walla on September 4.
PBESIDING ELDER AND
PASTORS ABE ACCUSED
REDDING, Aug. ; 26.-^'An Italian, evi
dently a workingman of middle age and
neatly dressed, was probably murdered
yesterday morning . on the railroad track
two miles north of Slatonls. His body was
found in the •¦ afternoon and to-day a
Coroner's jury, came to, the opinion' that
murder, had been done. Evidently the
man had been struck above the left eye
with some blunt- instrument. . One of 'his
trousers ¦ Dockets was • cut out." ' As there
was no blood- In the vicinity the belief
is entertained that the murder was com
mitted aboard some train and the body
thrown off. . Nothing is known of the man
here and there was nothing on the body
to establish its identity.- ¦ ¦': '
\tttTTBDEBED JULAN'S BODY
FOUND ITEAR SLATONIS
The packers have found that an organi
zation of forces is helpful and will con
tinue " In -combination, ¦ discarding the
smaller and! weaker members of. the com
pany. :- Hereafter the packing and selling
of fruit in California will be in the hands
of a strong combination. ¦ that ' will • prac
tically dictate prices to the grower and to"
the trade. ; ; The only opposing force will
be the growers' unions, and the dissolu
tion of the t association 5 will result * in a
larger growth of these. unions. ¦ • , .
The open contest between the associa
tion and the packers dates back several
weeks prior to the annual meeting in
June. Both at the annual meeting and the
preliminary caucus the packers were de
nounced by President Bond as being the
cause. of the greater part of the embar
rassment of the association, and in his an
nual address Bond plainly recommended
a divorcing of the two organizations. Aa
an indication that it was making ready
for this It commenced the erection of a
packing-house in Santv Clara. The pack
ers likewise commenced to lay their lines
for Independent action. Results Indicate
that they ¦ have the better of ¦ the game
and that the . association"" may be forced
out of business when the prunes left over
from last year's pack are sold.
The packers claim — and the assertions
of the growers seem to bear it out — that
they have contracted for the purchase,
green, of the greater part of .the growing
crop of prunes. Certain it i9 that most of
the prune growers in this valley have con
tracted their prunes green at prices rang
ing from $22 to $35, and most of these con
tracts are held by packers who are mem
bers of the Case Packers' Company or
their friends. - • ¦ •
This ¦ information, while not given out
officially, come3 from, a reliable source.
In fact, most of the packers of the com
pany are open in expressing themselves
as independent of the association, and say
that Its end Is near! The packers have
control of most of the. growing crop, and
it , is believed that many of : their recent
purchases of *drled prunes are for them
selves and are being stored to use against
the association when the war really
opens. *
SAN JOSE, Aug. 26.— The Case Packers
Company has notified the. California Cured
Fruit Association that it will cease to do
business with the association as soon as
the prunes on hand are disposed of., Al
though the association has made no of
ficial answer, its actions indicate that it.
too, is preparing for the divorce, and that
there will be a merry war.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOGALES, Ariz.-, Aug. 26.— The "Wash
ington dispatches of Saturday announcing
that \V. M. Hoey, United States Customs
Collector at this place, and Chinese- In
spector B. F. Jossey had been arrested
on a charge .' of conspiracy to smuggle
Chinese, into, this country from Mexico
was somewhat premature, as the formal
arrest of Hoey was not made until last
night. For two or three days Collector
Hoey had been in Phoenix, while Jossey
was in Tucson, where he makes his head
quarters. Collector Hoey returned at .9
o'clock last night and just as he stepped
from" the train was placed under arrest
by Deputy Marshal H. E. Stephens. Other
arrests are likely to be made among those
connected with the customs service at
this place and some of the sub-ports. For
some months Hoeyi has spent less than
half of his time at his office here and tha
same may be said of some of his deputies
at the sub-ports.
This morning Hoey was- taken before
United States Court Commissioner R. D.
George in this city for a preliminary hear
ing, but by agreement the case was con
tinued until Thursday. In the meantime
the accused collector is out. under bond
Special Agent J. M. McEnery of El Paso
who arrived last night, took charge of
the office this morning and will remain
in charge indefinitely. •
The case against the suspected officials
was worked up by a United States Dis
trict Attorney and special agent of the
Treasury Department from Texas. It is
said they came to Arizona as mining men
and have been here for some time. They
did not make Nogales their sole base of
operations, but spent much time in sev
eral other cities and towns of the Ter
ritory. ' ¦ • . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• For several years the Kuskokwim has
aroused the cupidity of fortune seekers,
who " saw no reason why . the headwaters
of that mighty, river should not contain
gold, and a few have penetrated the un
known wilds in search of the elusive pay
streak, but authentic news from, that
source has always been well nigh >an im
possibility. The river Is' a large one, and
at the mouth and at a point eighty miles
above, known as Bethel, the ¦ Moravian
missionaries have had settlements for the
past ten years, but the upper reaches of
the stream are known to none save. the
Indians. No steamers have ever ascend
ed the river, and for one to spend a sea
son there on a prospecting trip It would
be necessary- to either, live .-.with. the. In
dians, or subsist upon an almost 'straight
diet of wild game.
1 Captain McG-inley wintered < In . St.
Michael last year, and before the close of
navigation .determined as, soon. as travel
ing was practicable to learn* for himself
as much as possible of the," unknown
Kuskokwim. Early "in November, boforo
the heavy fall of snow had arrived, he set
but from St. -Michael, accompanied by two
others. From such meager information
as he could obtain, he : learned that s the
best place to cross the divide from the
Yukon was at a point twenty miles below
the Russian mission. This portage proved
to be but seventy-five miles in extent and
was easily made by means of sloughs and
a chain of lakes. The Kuskokwim was
struck about. 100 miles from the mouth,
and In that immediate vicinity "' about
twenty men were found wintering, some
trapping and a few prospecting. The jour
ney up the river was continued 500 miles
to Stony Creek, and - the ¦; latter stream
was traversed forty-live miles.
¦ .Five days' travel from where the new
diggings were supposed to be a party was
met coming down the river. It had found
nothing but a few scattering, prospects
Stony Creek gave but little evident of
having been propected; except In the
: most hurried manner, and they saw not
asoul on the creek at the. time 7
. Captain McGlnley's trip was one of ob
servation rather than In the nature of a
hunt for a claim, and his entire time was
spent in traveling, his party - doins no
prospecting whatever. The return was
made by way of the ; portage to the Holy
.Cross Mission, . thence; forty-five i miles to
Anvlk and ISO miles across the i Kaltag
portage to St. Michael. The trip occupied
three months and nine days, during which
.time a distance of 1400 ' miles was trav
ersed. ' , '*¦¦¦¦;¦-> -ir ,..-•.:•¦. ¦ I:
•SEATTLE, Aug. 26. — There, is one 'man
who has seen and traveled over a 500-mile
stretch of the Kuskokwipii about which
so : much has been written and 'more
guessed during the past year. 'That man
is Captain McGinley, master of the Yu
kon steamer Lesh.
Special Dispatch to The' Call.
; The present salary of the Southern Pa
cific presidency Is said to be $55,000' a
year, while the pay for Paul Morton as
second vice president of the Santa Fe
•has for years been ' $25,000 a year. The
salary, however, , might not be considered
an object by Mr. Morton, whose private
income is said to be in the neighborhood
of $40,000 a year, exclusive of his pay as
A railroad manager.
The story gained considerable currency
at ganta Fe headquarters in this city,
where Mr. Morton. is especially popular
with the rank and file. of the company's
employes. It Is known that 'Mr. Morton
has , for years been very close to E. H.
Harriman, who has been tempting him to
enter his employ. •
When Mr. Harriman needed a president
for the Chicago and Alton he offered the
position to Paul Morton. Later, Mr. Mor
ton could have been vice president of
the Union Pacific, and when it was de
cided to establish a general traffic de
partment for all of the Harriman lines
,Mr. Morton again had first call for that
place. He declined both offers with
• . *
Private dispatches reached here this
morning, conveying the information that
Mr. Morton had been offered and had
decided to accept tha position soon to be
vacated by the retirement of Charles M.
Hays. .
f, LOS ANGELES. Aug. 26.— Gossip, which
has been busily engaged in disposing of
the presidency " of the Southern Pacific
Company, to-day found the latest candi
date for the place, in the person' of Sec
ond Vice President Paul Morton of the
Santa Fe, who is well and favorably
' known to the leading business men of
X«os Angeles. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Customs Official Is For
mally Arrested in
Nogales.
Captain; McGinley Goes
to 'Alaskan River's)
Headwaters.
Declare "War Upon the
Cured Fruit Asso
ciation.
Paul Morton Mentioned
for Southern Pacific
Presidency.
EXPLORES WILDS
OF KUSKOKWIM
ROB THE SLEUTH
ON THEIR TRAIL
Arizona Outlaws Take a
Detective's Gold and
Weapons.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 26.— Details were
received here to-day of the robbery last
Tuesday night at Harry Shaw's saloon in
Riverside, thirty miles east of Florence
and not far from the scene of the esca
pade of Pearl Hart, the notorious female
stage robber. A tall man and a short
man, masked with . handkerchiefs, ap
peared in the doorway, and, drawing their
weapons, compelled the occupants of the
saloon to hold up their hands. The pro
prietor was then relieved of $30 and Sam
uel Finley of $160. The robbers took
Shaw's weapons and a six-shooter and a
Winchester belonging to Finley and es
caped in the direction of Globe. The
short man did the talking.
Finley is a detective in the employ of
the Plnkerton S agency, and, -with Ed
Tewksbury and Gilbert Ailsworth, had
been in the vicinity for several days on
the lookout for supposed Oklohama train
robbers, believed to be in that section. It
Is quite probable the men who robbed
them were the ones they are looking for.
Finley is a well-known former line rider
and considered a brave man. That he
submitted to the robbery was due to the
fact that he was taken unawares and to
have resisted meant certain death.
Detective Findley has taken up the
trail of the men who robbed him, and
Sheriff Truman of Pinal County is out
with another posse.
San Diego Supervisors Win.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2S.-In the United
States Circuit Court to-day Judge Ross
handed down an opinion sustaining the
decision of the lower court in the case of
the San Diego Land and Town Company
against James A. Jasper et al., defend
ants before the Board of Supervisors of
San Diego County. The decision affirms
the right of the Board of Supervisors to
fix the water rate to consumers.
Violet Button, Merle Johnson and Miss
Ethel Sutton, w. B. Collier and Miss May
Sutton and Grant Smith and Miss Flor
ence Sutton. Others who as yet have no
partners, but will play, are: Mrs. Sey
mour, Miss Seymour, Miss Garland, Miss
Hunter and Mrs. Haslett, J. HofEman, O.
Hoffman, Herman Powers and S. H. Ad
ams. The four men from the south will
arrive on Friday.
PACKERS BREAK
WITH GROWERS
honors In the singles tournament to b&
played at the end of the week.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the mixed
doubles championship tournament will be
played. Many of the players have not se
cured partners yet, but the following
teams will undoubtedly, play; Gteorge
Whitney and Miss Hall, R. N. Whitney
and Mrs. Klncaid, Harry Wiehe and Miss
Hoffman, Drummond MacGavin and Miss
In the first match of the day the oppos
ing teams were Miss Hoffman and Miss
Local enthusiasts expected great things
of the southern experts, and they were in
no way disappointed. The game put up.
by the Suttons, and May. Sutton In partic
ular, was a revelation to the locals. May
Sutton Is only 14 years old, but her pow
erful bulld^combined with her remarkable
skill and speed, proved too much for her
opponents.
'ton, Mrs.; Seymour and Kthel Sutton, and.-
Miss" Seymour and. Miss Florence Sutton, >
all of Southern California: Misses Alice
Hoffman and Miriam Hall and Mrs. Kin
caid and Miss Ruby Garland representing
the north.
S AN, RAFAEL,, Aug. 26.— The annual
coast championship tournaments :
commenced yesterday at San
Rafael with the women's doubles,
the first event of the kind ever
held here. The presence of the six
best players from Southern California
j added greatly to the Interest of the affair
and brought out a much larger crowd of
spectators than usualon the opening day.
As was expected, the tournament was
won by the Sutton sisters— May and Vio
let. Only five teams were entered, but
they were the very best of the north and
south and were very evenly matched. The
teams were Misses May and Violet Sut-
COLLECTOR HOEY
IN LAW'S TOILS
RUMOR PUTS HIM
IN HAYS' PLACE
Hall. and Mrs. Kincald-and Miss Garland.
Tho' former team won. 6—3, &— 7, but the
match was very close from start to fin
ish th© losers having the score In the sec
ond set 5—3 and 4 — 0 In. their favor.
In the first round Violet and May But
ton- won in straight sets from, Miss Sey
mour and Florence Sutton, the score be
ing &— 2, 6—3. The Second match In the
first round proved to be the most stub
bornly contested one of the day. In It
: Mrs. Seymour and Ethel Sutton were pit
j ted against Miss Hall and Miss Hoffman.
•The former team, were strong favorites,
'but to the surprise of everybody their op
j ponents won in straight sets, the score
' being 7—5, 6—4. In. the first set Mrs. Sey-
Jmour and Miss Sutton started out well
1 and soon ran, the score up to 5 — 3 in their
t favor, but at this stage of the game Miss
! Hoffman and Miss Hall took a brace and
! played better tennis than any one thought
I them capable of. - The latter took the next
'. four games and set. In the second set
I Mrs: Seymour and Miss Sutton again led
>at 3—0 and looked to be winners, but the
• set was a repetition of the first and went
« to Miss Hall and Miss Hoffman, 6— 4. The
V southern ladles were particularly strong
(in their service, Mrs. Seymour winning
imany aces by her peculiar underhand
serve. The winners played a sure game
and won by their steadiness. •
This left - the Misses May ! and Violet
Sutton and Miss Hall and -Miss 'Hoffman
in the. finals.- A great* struggle" was • ex
pected in this match, but / the . Suttons
proved much too strong for their pppo
'nents, -winning- in straight* sets 6—2,' 6—1.
Miss .Hall and Miss Hoffman won the
first two games, and It looked as If they
would win, but it was only the calm that
precedes the storm, for . the Suttons took
the next ten games straight. The losers
played a fine game," but were able to do
but little with the terrific driving and
smashing of their opponents. - By virtue
of this victory the Suttons become the.
first women doubles champions of the
coast.
The consensus of opinion among 1 the lo
cal cracks was that Miss May Sutton is
the best lady player ever seen on the
coast, being even more skillful than Miss
Marion Jones, ex-champion of the United
States. She is a great favorite for first
:4SV4.
Third race, bIx furlongs— Girlie Ducat won,
Immodel second. William Boyer third. Time,
1:16-4.
Fourth race, one mile — Spindle won, Vlrgle
<TOr second, Llndenella third. Time, 1:42%.
Fifth race, one mile— Un Cadeau won. Yule
second. Homestake third. Time, 1:43%.
Sixth race, five furlongs — St. Anthony won.
Little Henry second, Patty Dolan third. Time,
1:02%. ,
Seventh race, three furlongs— Aurora B won,
"Walkapaugh second, Joe B third. Time, :35»4.
fiARATOGA, X. T.. Aug. 26.— Results:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Fannie
Thompson won. Ringleader second, Conni"
third. Time, 1:17.
Second race, mile and an. eighth, handicap—
St. Finnan won. Latson second. Carbuncle
third. Time. 1 :D8 4-5.
Third race, the Kentucky Selling stakes, flve
and a half furlongs— May Worth won, Happy
second. Katherlne C third. Time, 1:09 3-5.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Pleasant Sail won. Lee King second. Althea
third. Time, 1:53. .
Fifth race, flve furlongs— Ragtag won. Rock
water second. Knapsack third. Time, 1:03 3-5.
Elxth race, six furlongs. Belling— Ante Up
¦won, Scotch Bush second. The Black Scot third
Time. 1:15 3-5.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 26.— Delmar Park results: ¦
First race, seven furlongs, selling— Lord Nev
ille won. The Wag second, Elsie Barnes third
Time, 1:28%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
Sambo won. Ogle second, Varner third. Time,
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Zazel won. Eleven Bells * second, Satin
Coat third. Time. 1:4G%.
Fourth rac», elr and a half furlongs— Jim
Clark won. Peaceful second. Verify third.
Time. 1:20%.
Fifth race, one mile, celling— Beana won.
Meddlesome second, Crockett third. Time,
1 mi 2-s.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Miss Go
llghtly won. Dandy Jim second, Judge Pettus
third. Time. 1:15.
CHICAGO. Aug. 2«.-IIarlem results:
First race, flve furlongs — Harry New won,
Lucy Locket second. Hat Mitchell third. -Time
1:05.
Second race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
Banish won, Brief second, Brownie Anderson
third. Time. l:tO»4.
Third race, flve furlongs — Evening Star won.
South Trimble second. Rosewar third. Time
1 :C2»4-
Fourth race, Olympla stakes, one mile and a
sixteenth— Silurian won. Havlland second, Mal
adin third. Time. l:50»4. S
Fifth race, one mile — George Arnold won. Ar
gre^or second. Headwater third. Time. 1:44%.
Sixth race, Bix and a half furlongs— Max
Bendix won, Henry of Franstamar second.
Andes third. Time. l:23tf.
stationed at Klnloch. whose horses, were out
lawed jror racing over Turf Congress tracks,
were notified to-day by General Manager Mur,
phv of that track that they had been rein
stated by the Western Jockey Club and that
their entries would be received for to-morrow's
races. This will put 550 additional horses that
had been waiting at the track into tho races.
Kinloch Park results:
First race, mile and twenty yard3, eelllng^-
Dal Keith won. Golden Sceptre second. The
Jeffrrson third. Time. 1:45.
Second race, five furlongs — Ravensbury won,
Erannigsn second. Our Jessie third. Time
Third race, six furlongs, purse— Captain
Gaines won, Braw I^ad second. Greetings third
Time. 5:15.
Fourth race, eix and a half furlongs — neuron
won. Miss Conrad second. Nettle Regent third
Time. l-.r^.
Fifth race. Fix furlongs— Likeness won, Olek
ma second. LittV Lois third. Time, 1:16.
FORT ERIE. Aug. 26.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Coeval d'Or won,
Drogheda second. The Laurel third. Time'
1:K» 4 . -. - . ¦
Second race, five and a. half furlongs — Easy
Street' won. Abbey Del second. Bourbon King
third. Time. 1:11\4.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth— Gray Dal-*
ly won, Radford second. Filibuster third Time
l:r.*.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Sprlngwells won.
Competitor second, J. J. T. third. Time
1:17%.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Hieaway \ron, Ida
Penzance second. Lady Hayman third. Time,
l:03>4.
Bixth race, one mile — "Wlllard J - won ¦ Isaac
Hcpper second. Idle Chat third. Time. 1:47%.
PROVIDENCE. R. I.. Aug. 26.— Grand Cir
cuit summary*:
2:25 pace, purse t2000 — New Rochmond won
three straight heats in 2:13',;. 2:08%. 2:0S%.
Frazier, Otin B, Go See and John X also
started. . •
2:20 class trot, purse $2000— Country Jay
•won In three straight heats In 2:1*%, 2:13%.
2:J4'«. Hamwaxd. Ebha, Free Silver. Minnie
L. wakes. Mmerick, Away and Baron Bell
also started.
2:07 pace. $2500— Royal B. Sheldon won three
straight heats In 2:05'4. 2:06>4, 2:06»4. Edith
W. Riley B. Dumont TV. Hetty W. and Hat W
also started. ¦
BUTTB. Mout.. Aug. 26.— Results:
First race, on*? mile— Mont Eagle won. Charles
Le Bel second. Guilder third. Time, 1:U%.
Second race, four furlongs — Arlln B won,
Okuste second, Grace .Thoburn third. Time,
WESTERN JOCKEY CLTTB
. B.EHTSTATES HOBSEMENT
Horses That Crossed the Wire First
„ en Many Eastern.
Tracks.
ST. 'LOOS, Mo.. Aug. 36.— All the horsemen
CLEVER SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
TENNIS PLAYERS WHO WON THE
DOUBLES TOURNAMENT AT SAN
RAFAEL,
Takes the Express and the
Coin of Two Unfortunate
Passengers.
TTKJAH, Aug. 26.— Just to prove that he
is still at large and that the numerous
suspects arrested throughout this section
of California are innocent, Mendocino
County* b lone highwayman made his reap
pearance to-day alter' a brief interval of
quiet and held up the stage running be
tween this city and Mendocino. It was
the westbound coach that be selected as
the basis of operations, and the scene of
the robbery was eleven miles west of
ITklah and only four miles from. Orrs Hot
Springs. The robber got away with two
days' accumulation of express, as there
axe no Sunday stages on this line, and
Monday's coach therefor© carries a double
load. There were two passengers on the
coach— prospective summer resort visit
ors—and as they are said to have yielded
liberally the outlaw is' believed to have
made a good haul.
News of the robbery brought to this
city this afternoon by Joseph Ainslie, the
driver of the eaetbound stage, who was
told of tbe affair when he passed the
westbound coach. The latter was driven
by Clay Rennlck. Ainslie did not Btop to
set full particulars, but hurried to this
city to give the alarm. .
The highwayman was<masked, as usual,
and was courteous in his treatment of
those from whom he collected tithes.
When he had brought the stage to a stop
the two passengers and the driver were
ordered to give up what money they had.
This they did without delay, and ¦ the
driver was then told to throw off the ex
press box, after which the stage was per
mitted to proceed.
Driver Ainslie believes the robber in
tended to hold up both stages at the spot
where they pasE, but about the time he
finished looting tho first coach several
Rle ?P b * rs ot a Party of hunters came
walking up the road, each with a repeat-
Ing rifle in his hands, and the outlaw
6*thwed up his treasure and escaped... •
Sheriff Smith and Deputy Ornbaun have
gone to the scene of the hold-up.
Special Diepatch to "The Call.
Stops Another Stage
Near Mendocino's
Capital.
UKIAH OUTLAW
NOT LONG IDLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1901.
They Capture the Doubles Tournament at San Rafael and Are Now the Coast Cham=
pions«=Brilliant Playing Enjoyed by a Large Number of Enthusiasts.
SUTTON SISTERS PROVE THEMSELVES
STARS IN THE LAWN TENNIS WORLD
4
AI> VEBTISEMENTS.
Do you doubt Fels-Naptha
soap, when your grocer offers
your money back, if you want it?
Fcls & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
.¦ ¦
SUCH A CHANGE.
Not only in feelings but in looks. The
skin is clear, the eyes are bright, the
cheeks are plump. No more pain and
misery, no more sick headache, no more
jaundice. What worked the change ?
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery,
¦which, cured the disease of the stomach
that prevented proper nutrition, and also
cleansed the clogged and sluggish liver.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
cures diseases of lungs, heart, liver, and
other organs which seem remote from
the stomach because many of these dis-
eases have their cause in a diseased con-
dition of the stomach involving the
allied organs of digestion and nutrition.
«I sent you a letter about a year ago," writes
Mrs. J. Ellis Hamilton, of Farmington, Marion
Co., West Va. "I stated my case as plainly as I
could, and deceived a letter from you in a few
days, telling me to use Dr. Fierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery and 'Favorite Prescription' — a
bottle of each. I used three of each, and feel
like a new woman. Don't suffer any pain or
miseryany more. Before using your medicines
I suffered all the time — had jaundice, earned
from food not digesting properly. I would have
sick headache three and four tines in a week.
Could not do the work myself. I commenced
using your medicines as recommended for liver
complaint, and think I am cured now. I asked
our doctor if he couldn't cure me, and he said he
could give me medicine to help me but the
trouble might return any time. I doctored
three years without any relief. Haven't had
sick headache since I took the first bottle of
your medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure constipation, j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Like a 1
Meteor §
Flashing across the sky — tho H
dash of the HN| R
n t-r * 1
California |
Limited i
as it rushes across the confci- j!
nent to Chicago. Leaves San B
Francisco 9 a. n. Monday and R
Thursday, arriving in Chi- y
cago at 2:15 p. m. Thursday R
and Sunday on the |]
Santa Fe I
Weak Men and Women
C HOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Y great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Markec
0 fl f"f* n C\\l 1 1 Corner Fourth and
1 ¦ U r r n 1 1 1 & I ° u * r special'"*!?;:
vallaea checked ttm*President Henry T. Scott was jubilant
at this increase in his working force. He
said yesterday that the/men were given
work without questions being asked.
The working force at the Union Iron
Works was Increased by the addition of
forty-two men yesterday. One of this
number was a union molder, who went
on strike In Hay last. The greater part
of the remainder are machinists who re
cently arrived from the East. The others
are mechanics, who will work in the ship
yards- and in other departments of the
works. '
Forty-Two . Mechanics Take Jobs at
Union Iron Works.
The riggers and . stevedores held' a
largely attended meeting at 32 O'Farrell
street last night", ~and a. resolution was
adopted declaring • the Intention of the
union to remain on strike until the fight
between the employers and strikers was
determined in favor of the latter.
A rumor was current yesterday that
the stevedores Intended to return to
work at once and to withdraw from the
City Front Federation. This was alluded
to at the meeting as a report started by
the employers . in order to produce a
break In the ranks of the strikers.. The
stevedores- were addressed by Andrew
Furuseth and Michael Casey, and both
were loudly cheered. . ¦
Stevedores Remain Firm.
MOILE MEN SECTJBED.
The cases of Thomas Rafferty and Alex
ander McLaughlin, charged with battery,
end Chris Murphy and William Walsh,
charged with false Imprisonment, were
railed in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
and were by consent continued until Sep
tember 3. They are the four strikers who
induced four sailors of the steam schoon
sr North Fork to leave the vessel and
.ook them to tee teamsters' headquarters
jn Fourth street* near Townsend, last
-|vturday morning, where, the four sailors
tEnrn, they were practically imprisoned.
Pcey eay also that when Aaron Green-
Policeman HIckey served the warrant
upon Hoston at the seawall, where he was
working, and took him to the City Prison.
Judge Cabaniss was holding court and
Hoston was taken before him. Hoston
told the Judge that Jie was afraid of his
life to leave the wharf where he was em
ployed without a police escort, and that
was why he wa.s hot present. The Judge
accepted his explanation and allowed him
to go, suggesting that Policeman Hlckey
ehould take him back and that an officer
escort him to court to-morrow morning.
He was taken back by Hickey. arid Cap
tain Wittman will see that an officer will
be assigned to escort him to the tribunal
of justice to-morrow morning.
O. C. Colby, one of Curtin's special of
ficers, who was arrested on Friday on
charges of assault to murder for striking
James Lavin. a striking marine fireman,
on the head with a club and for carrying
a concealed weapon, appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday. Lavin also ap
peared on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon for attempting to cut Col
by with a knife. The cases will be heard
Friday afternoon.
"When the cases of Daniel Goodwin and
Fred Griffin, strikers, charged with bat
tery, upon John Hoston, a colored non
union longshoreman, at Post and Kear'ny
Streets on August 12, were called in Judge
oabanlss* court yesterday Hoston failed
to appear, and a bench warrant was is
sued for his arrest and the case was con
tinued until to-morrow.
Various Cases Disposed Of by the
Magistrates.
POLICE COUKT BUSY.
Attorney Rothschild stated further that
there was no probability that another of
ficial meeting of the committee would be
held. In view of the attitude of both
parties to the controversy such a meet
ing not only would be without result but
an absolute waste of time.
"We sought in every way to bring about
peace, but failed," said Joseph Roths
child, a member of the committee, yes
terday.. "We had the affair nearly closed
Saturday, and had it not been for the per
sistency of Casey and Furuseth, both of
whom were determined that no negotia
tions for peace would be considered unless
the proposals were offered to them .per
sonally, the strike might now be ended.
"The Employers' Association assured
us that any committee of the strikers
would be welcomed, the sole condition
being that neither Casey nor Furuseth be
identified with the committee. The em
ployers wished to treat directly with their
employes and not with the leaders, with
whom they had nothing in common. This
condition was not agreed to, both Casey
and Furuseth declaring the adoption of
such an agreement virtually meant the
betrayal of their followers. I told them
if they were honest in their 'avowals of
sincerity and desire for peace they would
consent to the proposition. They declined
to give their consent to the plan and ne
gotiations were accordingly declared off."
The executive committee of the Munici
pal Federation,, which has been engaged
for some weeks In the task of bringing
about an. adjustment of the strike, for
mally abandoned its self-imposed task
yesterday. The efforts of the committee
to secure a conference between the em
ployers and strikers proved to be futile,
and as the object for which it was pri
marily organized has been defeated the
committee will retire from business for
a time at least.
The failure of the committee to solve
the strike trouble by securing conces
sions from both employers and strikers
and thereby ending the controversy is
attributed by several of the members to
the unreasonable obstinacy of Michael
Casey and Andrew Furuseth. the princi
pal strike leaders. These men absolutely
refused to negotiate with the Employers'
Association in any manner whatsoever
unless the employers consented to recog
nize them as leaders of the strikers and
conduct all -peace negotiations through
them. The result was a failure to reacn
an agreement and a consequent settle
ment of the trouble.
tion Committee.
Cause of Failure of Federation Media-
LEADEHS ARE OBSTINATE.
The Boxmakers' Union held a meeting
last night at B'nal B'rlth Halland decided
to impose a fine,of $5 on any member who
does not march in the parade on Labor
day. Reports were submitted ( to the ef
fect that the members of the union wer*
all standing firm, that the managers of
the various factories were making no ef
forts to resume operations, and that the
merchants and factories were being sup
p with L le< i boxes m ade in the interior of
the State. The reports stated that a num
ber of the box factories were running, but
that their entire forces consisted of the
managers, their sons and in- some in
stances the clerks.
Boxmakers Still Finn.
A small sized riot was caused at the
Humboldt Evening School, on Golden
Gate avenue, last night by a number of
non-union members of the classes who
voiced their sentiments in the hearing of
several strike sympathizers. A fist fight
in which a number of black eyes and
bloody noses were inflicted, was only end
ed by the appearance of a police officer
No arrests were made. \
J. Ryerson and F. Bolles, two non-union
men, were assaulted last night as they
were leaving a Union street car at
Buchanan street and severely punished
They were treated at the Emergency Hos
pital.
Paul Carsegron, who is employed by the
Overland Freight Transfer Company as a
"lumper," was assaulted by five men last
night at the corner of Fourth and* Harri
son streets, whore he was waiting for a
car. He. was knocked down, kicked and
beaten until his head »nd face were one
mass of contusions and lacerations. He
was taken to the Emergency Hospital by
Officers Carroll and Ward, where it was
found that one of his ribs was broken
Cassegran resides at 620 Golden Gate ave
nue. ¦ ¦ —
Anlceto Gomez, a non-union worker re
siding at 122 Taylor street, was badly
beaten by strikers at Fourth and Town
send streets. No provocation was offered
Gomez's injuries consisted of lacerated
and contused wounds of the head, face
and body-.
F.- O'Neil, a teamster who owns the
horses and wagon he uses, while driving
along Market street was set upon at
Fourth street by three men, who mounted
the seat- and pulled him. down, beating
him in a most brutal manner. He had
several lacerated wounds dressed at the
hospital. In addition to the superficial
injuries received, O'Neil is likely to lose
the sight of one eye, into which some
blunt instrument was thrust.
Neles C. Johnsen and Samuel Hagen,
two men who saw fit to go to work at the
Western Sugar Refinery, were set upon
by eight men at Fourth and Folsom
streets and brutally beaten. In addition
to receiving, several" lacerated and con
tused wounds about the head Johnsen re
ceived serious internal injuries, which
may result in his death. After being
treated by Dr. Boskowitz for his internal
injuries he was placed in bed in the hos
pital to await further developments.
Hagan, who was -with Johnsen, escaped
with a lacerated wound of the face ana
several contusions of the head. Both
men had been at work in discharging a
cargo of sugar.
The physicians in attendance at the
Emergency Hospital had numerous cases
to attend to yesterday of unfortunate
non-union workmen, who were the vic
tims of assaults at the hands of striking
teamsters and others, who beat them
when they found them unprotected on the
streets.
Emergency Hospital.
Several Injured Men Treated at the
More vessels arrivea in the harbor yes
terday than on any other day since the
commencement of the strike. They are
all deep water ships and are loaded with
coal and general merchandise. The major
itv of the men comprising the crews are
union men, and their arrival will increase
the number of idle men along the front,
as it is expected that they will all leave
th Thl hl Eritish ship Thalatta, from New
castle, England, laden with general mer
chandise, was the first of the fleet to ar
rive. She anchored In the stream, as did
also the British ship Harlech Castle,
from Antwerp, which got in about noon.
The Harlech Castle also carries a general
cargo. The barks C. B. Kenney and H. i .
Glade and the four-masted schooners H.
C. Wright and Minnie A. Calne, sugar
laden from the islands, came in shortly
after 1 o'clock and anchored In the
stream. The last named vessels will go
to the refinery to discharge to-day.
The American ship John Ena, with a
cargo of coal from Newcastle, Australia,
also arrived, and was followed by the
California from Pisafua and the San Jose
from Panama. The- two last. named ves
sels are loaded with general merchandise.
Barring the arrival of the fleet of deep
water vessels, there was little change in
the condition of the strike. The usual
number of men were at work on the ves
sels along the front and considerable
freight and coal was handled. The whale
back Titania was probably the busiest
vessel yesterday. A large gang of men is
at work on her unloading her coal into
Rosenfeld's bunkers and into the hulk
Melrose and the collier Nanaimo. The
schooner Alpine is also receiving part of
the Tltania's load. _
The British ship King Edward was
taken from Oakland to Port Costa yes
terday. She has been tied up since the
first day of the strike.
The Coronado is being loaded .with ¦ a
cargo of general merchandise at Broad
way wharf. It Is expected that the work
of discharging the collier Progreso will
be completed to-day. She will leave to
morrow at noon for Tacoma.
Forty men were sent to Port Costa yes
terday to work on the vessels there. They
were taken up in Crowley's launches.
Eighteen of the men were taken from
this side and the rest from Oakland. This
is the largest number of non-union men
sent up to the warehouses in Contra Costa
County since the Inception of the strike.
They were engaged by Menzies & Co.
Increased Activity on. Front Despite
the Strike.
MA2TX" SHIPS ARRIVE.
burg, one of them, got out he was assault
ed by Rafferty and McLaughlin. •
Dennis Michaels, the striker who was
convicted by Judge Conlan Friday of pet
tv larceny for stealing brass from the
Risdon Iron Works, where he had been
employed for fifteen years, to buy food
for his starving wife and three young
children, appeared for sentence yesterday
The Judge gave him the lowest possible
sentence— twenty-four hours in jail.
WORKERS ARE ASSAULTED.
A • dispatch; was received in the city
yesterday announcing that the National
Association of Brewers at New York' had
declared war against the National Union
of Brewery Workmen, and that hostili
ties would commence on September 1,
with a lockout of some 20,000 men."
News of such ¦ action has not yet
reached the brewers of this city, who
are affiliated with the National Associa
tion. The relations between the brewers
and their employes here are of the most
amicable character,- and it is believed
that the action of the national /body will
have no effect upon the brewing - inter
ests in this city.
Rudolph Mohr, secretary of the Brew
ers' Protective Association, said yester
day that the reported action of the na
tional ¦ body would not, In his opinion,
have any effect upon the brewers In San
Francisco. He had not received official
notification of the reported lockout on
September 1, and until he was better in
formed he did not believe the subject
worthy of serious consideration. ¦
Mot Affect This City.
Action of National Association Will
BREWERS DECTLARE WAR.
I have been informed that several of
tne men are old employes, who went out
on May 20," he said. -'The others are
from the East. We expected to get a few
men to-day, but did not countupon se
curing as many as we did. The prospects
t? r the future are most promising. I think
the failure of the machinists' strike at
Kansas City will have J^ beneficial effect
nere. The question ia one of endurance
here, and I think we are in a position to
hold out as long as the strikers."
rhe officials of the Iron Trades Coun
cil deny that forty-two men went to work
at the tjnion Iron AjVorks. They admit a
few men were secured, but that the num
ber is insignificant. The strikers, they
said, are firm and will. hold out to the last.
The Union Iron Works succeeded in getting ' forty-two men
yesterday, the greater number of which are new arrivals from the
East. The remainder were old employes. The situation among
iron men is regarded as being most encouraging.
Preparations for a great pa rade by wage -workers on Sep
tember S are being made. It is designed to have, representatives
of all trades In line, Irrespective of those, represented in the
strike. It is estimated that 20,000 men will be in the procession.
An effort will be made to secure the assistance of the local
bank presidents in the settlement of the strike. It is believed
that the Influence of these gentlemen will be felt among the em
ployers, who positively refuse to recede from the stand taken by
them on August 2. . .
places where men congrre'grate there was a feeling: of unrest
and uncertainty and of fear that the forces of the Tvorkingnien
were crumbling: and that the end'of the trouble -was close at hand.
These rumors, intangible in themselves and impossible of verifi
cation, -would not down, even when they were vehemently denied
by the leaders of the ivorkingnien. No one seemed to" know
whence they came, but many anxious inquiries were made at the
various union headquarters for verification. This feeling:,' so gen
erally distributed, indicates that something, not on the surface,
is moving for the termination of the industrial troubles in this
city.
The Board of Supervisors authorized the Mayor at its meet
ing: yesterday to appoint a committee of. five members of that
body to arrange, if possible, a meeting between the employers
and strikers with a view toward securing peace between the
warring factions. The committee, of which Supervisor Curtis is
chairman, Is vested -with power to take such action in- the prem
ises as may be deemed proper.
IX the strike situation In this city yesterday there came what
is considered to be a deeply significant development. In the
councils of the striking? wnrkinsmen, on the .streets, and in
DEVELOPMENTS OF YESTERDAY.
said:
"Even assuming that the statements
contained In Mr. Tobln's and Mr. Reed's
resolutions are true, I Fay it would be un
wise to adopt them. What the laboring
men want now is work, and I believe that
the proper solution of the controversy is
the appointment of a committee of five
by the Mayor to confer with the Chamber
of Commerce, the Board of Trade and the
Employers' Association to settle this un
fortunate strike. It may be argued that
the Mayor and the Municipal League
have failed in *heir efforts to bring about
a settlement of the dispute. But that
should not deter us from taking action.
"We can then place the responsibility
where It belongs and bring down condem
nation on those who are guilty of para
>2/.-z'ng trade. Let us postpone action and
v.ake one final effort to restore industrial
peace in the community."
Dwyer favored postponement of consid
eration for one week only in the hope that
a. settlement would bo effected under the
Curtis resolution.
Reed accepted the resolution as re
modeled by Tobin, as it practically cov
ered the points as contained in the peti
tion of the Labor Council. Reed objected
to postponement, however, contending
that it was incumbent on the board, as
representatives of the people, to give of
ficial expression regarding the labor trou
ble. ,
Brandenstein argued that it would not
be well to cause further friction between
the contending parties to the strike, and
Tiiade a plea to postpone consideration of
Tobln's resolution.
"Let ns not intensify the heat and ani
mosity between employer and employe "
said Brandenstein, "by injecting ourselves
Into the controversy and adopting con
demnatory resolutions which will be of no
avail."
The resolution was then referred to the
Police Committee, who will consider it
jointly with Reed's resolution, for which
it is intended to be a substitute.
seriously affected by an extensive strike. In
the progress of which the Chamber of Com
merce by order of its Board of Trustees, and
through its president and secretary, has seen
fit to stigmatize the condition of the city as
dangerous to life and property, and has called
upon the Mayor to issue a proclamation order-
Ing the people to be peaceful, and also asking
him, if necessary, to call upon the Governor
e'. the State for military aid In maintain law
"li.-.d order in this municipality; and
' 'Whereas. The conduct of the laboring men
rr.o are on a strike has been characterized in
the main by sobriety and order, and reflects
credit upon their good citizenship; and
Whereas, The letter of the Chamber of Com
merce containing the said statement Is not
¦warranted by the facts and has been character
ized by the Mayor as unwise and unnecessary ;
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors of
the city and county of San Francisco con
demns the intemperate language of the Cham
ber of Commerce and declares that the con
duct of the striking wape earners has been in
the main highly creditable to their citizenship;
end that no occasion exists for a proclamation
by the Mayor, or for the calling out of the
military by the Governor; and be it further
Resolved, That the character and qualification
of special police officers should be scrupuously
inQulred Into before appointment, and that
they should be under the special and contin
uous eupervision of the regular police; and be
it further
Resolved. That the Police Department should
preserve absolute impartiality between the par
ties of the pr^Fent labor controversy; that the
•wage earners and employes are equally entitled
to the servic* of the police, and that the func
tions of the police should be strictly confined
to maintaining the peace, arid they, should not
directly or Indirectly give aid or assistance to
either of the parties to the labor controversy.
Curtis Opposes Adoption.
In moving that Tobin' s resolution be re
ferred to the Police Committee Curtis
Heed's Resolution Postponed.
Reed's resolution censuring George A.
¦JCewhall, as president of the Chamber of
Commerce, for stigmatizing the condition
of the city as riotous and asking the
Mayor to call on the Governor for mili
tary aid In maintaining the law and re-
Quirlns the uniforming of special police
men, which resolution was recommended
for passage by the Police Committee, was
postponed for one week.
Supervisor Tobin stated that he, as a
member of the Police Committee, had not
been made acquainted with the full pur
port of the resolution presented by the
committee, and he was not in accord with
several of its provisions.
"I do not think that It Is just to hold
Mr. Newhall accountable and responsible
for the expressions of opinion of the
Chamber of Commerce. Furthermore I
-am not in favor of compelling special po
lice officers to wear uniforms, believing
that the matter should be left to the dis
cretion of the Police Commission."
Tobin then introduced the following res
olutions:
Whereas. The business of San Francisco is
C^pJEE Board of Supervisors yester
| fi day adopted resolutions intro
11 duced by Curtis which it is hoped
11 may bring about a settlement of
the strike The resolutions pro
vide for the appointment of a committee
of five members of the Board of Super
visors whose duty it shall be to endeavor
to secure a. conference between .the labor
ing men and the Employers' Association.
The resolutions were adopted under a sus
pension of the rules by a unanimous vote
ar.d axe as follows:
Whereas, The present differences between
ca.plta.1 and labor have assumed- such alarm
ing proportions that they are not only doing in
caicu!a.ble harm to the parties to this coct.ro
verey, but the entire commercial Interests of
our city are In jeopardy; and * .
Whereas. It is a positive duty the employers
and employes owe themselves and this whole
State that these differences should be adjusted
mx the earliest possible day; and
Whereas, The time has arrived when some
action ehould be taken by this board to end. If
possible, the present unfortunate strife; there
fore, te It
Resolved, That we, the Board of Supervisors
of this city and county, as representatives of
the* whole people, call on the parties to this
controversy to come together In a spirit of
and patriotism that advising with one
&notber they may come to an agreement where
by the trade of this city could be resumed; and
toe It further
Resolved, That his Honor the Mayor appoint
a committee of five from, this board whose duty
It shall be to endeavor to secure such a con
ference or to take any other means that might
be suggested to restore, industrial peace In our
city. -
Effort to Be Made to Bring About Conference Between
Employers and 5trikers===Labor Parade Monday.
Sacramento Saloon Men
Await High Court
• Decision.
Loose , Construction of New
Law Shuts Off Source
-} of Revenue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.SACRAMENTO,; Aug.. 26.-The retail
liquor; dealers of this i city, acting on the
advice of their attorney, Elwood Bruner,
still refuse to pay the- license demanded
by the : county. They declare they will
not pay until the Supreme Court shall
have passed upon the case sent up. from
Los -Angeles to test the law passed by
.the; last Legislature, by.' which, it is
claimed, retail liquor dealers . who - pay
revenue to incorporated cities for pur
poses of ¦ police regulation, are exempt
from paying county license. . •
Attorney Bruner, representing the Re
tail Liquor Dealers' Association of this
city.* was before the Board of Supervisors
to ascertain whether any action would be
taken to force, the collection of county
licenses by bringing suit. Mr. Bruner said
that' each member of the association stood
ready to. pay his license tax, provided the
Supreme, Court -decided the suit of ex
parte Firman in favor of the county.
Mr. Bruner said he desired to put the
money within the read* of the county in
case the Supreme Court decided in its fa
vor, and that he and the District Attorney
had agreed, subject to the action of .the
Board "of Supervisors, to place the license
money in the national bank of D. O. Mills
& Co., subject to the demand of the coun
ty in case the Supreme Court should de
cide that it Is entitled to the same.
Mr. Bru;:er, when asked for an opinion,
said he believed the cast would be decided
against the counties, and that until the law
was repealed by the Legislature the coun
ty would derive no revenue from .any sa
loon that pays a city license. 1 It was for
that reason that he felt it his duty to ad
vise the people he represented to refuse to
pay the tax. - . -. - ¦ ¦ ;
After much discussion the Supervisors
decided that they should be guided by the
advice of the District Attorney, who. was
requested to submit a written opinion at
the' October session. Until then nothing
will be done to compel payment of the li
censes. , - .
Sacramento is only one of a number of
counties that are experiencing this same
trouble owing to the loose construction of
the new. license law.
|w '»o NCOURAGED by their recent pa
| a rade, the labor unions are pre
• I paring for a magnificent -turnout
)i, *-*$ on Labor day. ' The . committee in
charge of the arrangements met
yesterday morning and decided to send a
circular to every union in the- city, re
questing it to: participate in the -'parade.
The majority of the unions have. already
signified their intention of turning'out'ln
full strength,* arid a number of . unions
have placed a fine of $5 on any member
who does not appear in line. The cele
bration will not be held "merely to display
the numerical strength of the unions, as
was done on Saturday, but it will partake
of 'the spectacular. Bands . will be inter
spersed'all through the line of march.
At the conclusion of the parade, appro
priate literary exercises will be held in
Mechanic?' Pavilion. In the . evening ' a
ball will be given for the benefit of the
men who are out on strike or who are
locked out. j
The circular which will be sent to the
various unions reads as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 26, 1901.
To the Unions of San Francisco— Dear Sirs
and Brothers, Greeting: The San Francisco
Labor Council hereby invites you to take part
in the Labor day celebration to be held on
Monday,- September 2. • -•
The celebration, will consist of a parade,
literary exercises » and a ball. " ¦
The parade will start at 10 or 11 in the fore
noon (.definite hour to be ¦ announced later),
The literary exercises will consist of speak
ing, recitations and music and will be held at
the Mechanics' 'Pavilion after the conclusion
of the parade. . . '
The ball will be held at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion in the evening, commencing at 8 o'clock
and closing at 1 a. m. ¦ . • " •
The literary exercises will be free. Ball tick
ets will be 25 cents; ladies free. >
The ball will be given for the benefit of* the
union men on strike or locked out. The com
mittee in charge has established headquarters
at room 203, Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market street, where . information on the de
tails of the celebration will be furnished.
The committee, hereby urges upon you, if
your union has not already voted to parade, to
.hold. If necessary, a special meeting to take
action on this matter. v^
The unions in the parade j will be grouped
accordirg to their respective trade couneH
lines. Unions not affiliated with any group
council will form a division of the miscel
laneous trades.
Music for the parade has to be furnished by
the respective group councils ; or individual
unions, as the might be. AH union3
please notify the secretary of the Labor day
committee of the action taken. Unions not
affiliated with any group council are hereby
specially unred to get into immediate com
munication with the secretary of the Labor
day committee.
Brothers, organized labor of this city is be
ing fiercely attacked by the Employers' As
sociation. We are giving our enemies a good
fight. In numbers there is strength. Let us
therefore turn out in full force, thereby cheer
ing each other In this -great fight for freedom
and Justice. Let our enemies, who have
formed their secret association for the purpose
of disrupting our unions, come, by looking at
our united strength, to the full realization of
the impossible task they have , undertaken.
Turn out with us in the Labor day parade and
you will be helping to win the fight ' for the
right to organize, a fight which we must win
if we hope to preserve American Institutions,
if we hope to continue to enjoy the blessings
of liberty gained by our forefathers and our
selves, if we hope to add to them and trans
mit them to our descendants. • .. '
Labor day is our day and let us use it for
our enjoyment, for our benefit. We remain,
yours for union and progress, by order of the
Labor day committee, W. H. GOFF,
ED ROSENBERG, Secretary. ¦ Chairman.
Bankers Will Assist.
; A report was current yesterday that
the aid of the presidents of the local
banking institutions would be invoked by
business men, who believe that their in
fluence will be considerable In" securing
a settlement of the strike.
Several bankers who . ¦were questioned
yesterday said that while there had been
no action taken by them as a body rela
tive to the strike, they were, neverthe
less, willing to do all in their power to
bring about a settlement of the diffi
culty. They had little hope of accom
plishing anything, however, inasmuch as
other influential bodies of representative
business men had failed. It was ad
mitted that the strike was not conducive
to profitable banking business, . and that
the necessity for decisive action of—some
kind may result in bringing the dispute
to a close was imperative.
Striking Painters at Work.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— With the excep
tion of the firm of Cobbledick Bros., the
mftster painters of this city to-day ac
cepted the terms of the agreement made
Friday in San Francisco with the Paint
ers' Union, carrying the new wage
schedule of $3 50 a day. The striking
workmen returned to their jobs this
morning. The journeymen painters have
agreed that no member shall accept a
contract on his own account without
joining the Master Painters' Association:
The steam schooner Mandalay is being
discharged at Adams' docks by a non
union crew, as is the steam schooner
Crescent City at Derby's yards. The
four-masted schooner Muriel is lying at
the Puget Sound Lumber Company's
wharf awaiting a non-union gang.
Rumor of "Withdrawal Denied.
There was a rumor along the water
front last night to the effect that the
marine firemen had held a meeting at
which it was decided to withdraw from
the federation and return to work, and
that they had appointed a delegate to so
notify the other unions. So persistent was
this rumor that Police Sergeant Blank
telephoned it to police headquarters as a
fact. At the union headquarters, how
ever, it was denied most emphatically
that the men had held any meeting or
that they contemplated any such action.
Pickets of the Marine Firemen's Union
were last night posted as usual.
Wittman's Case Continued.
The case of Police Captain George W.
Wittman, charged with battery upon
James Masse, a marine . fireman,' was
called in Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday
morning. The courtroom was crowded.
Captain Wittman asked for a continuance
till "Thursday, as his attorney, John A.
Hosmer, would be engaged in the Superior
Court until then. Attorney John J. Bar
rett, who represents the prosecution, of
fered no objection to the continuance and
it was granted.
"Will Support the Federation.
j The Marine Painters' Union ,. held its
regular weekly meeting last night in Teu
toniaHall'and decided that, although its
union is not affiliated with the City Front
Federation, it! will stand by that organi
zation until the adjustment of the strike.
At the solicitation of a' committee from
the Brotherhood of Teamsters financial
support was voted to j the striking team
sters. > ; ' - ¦. l ¦ -. : * ¦"¦'.¦ ¦. ••"--.¦'. .'¦¦¦¦
COMMITTEE OF SUPERVISORS
CHOSEN TO CONSIDER STRIKE
PAY NO LICENSE
TO THE COUNTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 27. 1901.
5
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS:::
The months • of \ September and October at
Highlands are simply beautiful, bright, sunny
days, cool ' nights. Hunting:. Fishing, Riding,
Driving. ., Every Comfortrand Amusement.
Rates from September I to May I,
; $10 and $12 per week; $35, $40
and I $45 per month,
Call oti.L. D. CRAIG, 31S, or Traveler Office,
20 Montgomery st., or MRS. KATE J. WIL-
LETTS. -room. 64, Flood building. • San- Fran-
cisco, or write to CRAIG &WARNER, man-
agers,' Highland Springs, Cal. ¦
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
Stt Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.". .
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine- Band.
The Society Resort. • .
The Sportsman's Paradise. - '
' HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournament*.
IDEAL CAMP LIKE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements (or camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets apply- to
E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery st.. San Franelsca
Or BANNING CO.. ,
K2 South Spring st.. Los Angeles. Cat
ft t/" M /"»/"> O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA ,
nn flnnA C*-; only'4H hours from
UMflVl/U San Francisco: but 9 mile*
¦ : . staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State:
rood trout streams: telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express: first -clans hotel, and sta*«
service: morning and afternoon !>tacres; round
trip from 8. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or -3.30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
Si2 a week. References!— Any guest of the past
fix years. -Further information at Traveler of-
fice; 20 Montgromp-ry St.. or of'J. K. MTJT.-
OREW, Fkarej. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY^
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEJIITE STAOE
CO.— Running directly through j the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2% hours flr»t afternoon «nd 9 hours n»xt dar.
• rrlvin* »t- Y<->*«m!te Valley 5 p. m. Send for
illustrate folder. Wll. J. WHITE. Gen.
Ar»nt. «?0 Marlcef «t.. opposite Palace Hotel
S. F.: t»K Black 3371.
LAUREL DELL LJ\KE.
The most attractive summer and winter r*-
Fort In Lake. County. Boatinsr, .bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, new livery, walks pnd boats. A
marine toboggan 160 feet lorsr.- Write for clr-
rnlar. EDfJAR .DURNAN, Laurel Dell. Laka
County. Cal. . . <¦ -: - ¦ -
OWN A ROME Vfu^CAMP JTEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meek'er. $S0
up: boating-, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depots ftore. > po«tofn>e at camp: board
and lodelntr S6: take Sansalitn ferry. $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, o? H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. . Sonoma County.
Forrest aafl health | N "TH E SI E R R AS
near Colfax on U. P. R. R, Elevation just right
2KX) ft.— 186 miles from SaD Ft. No staging? »ood
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet. , • Orchard Springs, Colfax. CaL
VICHY SPRINGS.
The only place- in .the. United States where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only, natural
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. ¦ J. A. REDEMETER * CO..
- ¦-'. -¦ ... . - • : Proprietors.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL -VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. v Hot mineral • baths near by. Terms
II per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAI:-
DOU. Lessee.' -. /• ' - : •
MOUNTAIN HOME. .
In the Santa - Cruz Mountains. • Rare sport
during the deer • season. % - Pack of hounds,
rwlmmlng and .fine table. .Address VIC PON-
CELET. Liagas. Cal. : - •
LAKEPORT "AND BARTLETT -SPRINGS
ETAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying- passengers for Lake-
port and .Bartlett • Springs. .> Stages connect
with trains' at Hopland. Leave Hocland at
12:30: arrive at • Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
¦' Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
sensrer tourist wairons. made to order for this
' Etage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. ¦ Passenzert for Lakeport or Bartlitt
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stase Line." ' " • ¦ • --•
. MILLER » HOWARD. Proprietors.
LANTATION HOUSE-EIghteen miles from
Cazadero. on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit, cream., milk, free conveyance for
parties of 2 or -'more: Erand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttrincer. ¦ Seavlew, Sonoma Co., or
apply Mr. ¦Kruse.- 207 Front st., for particulars.
CHEAPEST and ; best in' America— The' Weekly
', Call. 16- pages, sent , to any address in the
' TTnited Sti»ti»» nrCanada' one' vear'for tl. - •
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOESOn
Five hundred reward for any MfaE^rT
case we cannot cure. This secret P™ ¦¦**
i remedy stops losses In ' 24 ' hours, . B __S
cures Emissions, Impotency. Vari- EfflE Rgra
oocele. Strictures. Gleet. Drains. |WS Wflfl
Lost Manhood and all other wast- JW*J lUgJ
Ing effects of self-abuye or excess- IW£l_^iyy
e». Sent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. .''¦". '" .' ¦
$5;' guaranteed to cure any case. • Address
HALL'S MEDICAL • INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for • sale at 1073V4
Market. Et.;' S. F. -All private diseases quickly
f cure J. . Send • for, free book. : ;. .
*L a-
ADVEKTISEKSNT8.
Use One Package of
¦¦ ¦ ¦ i - . ¦ ¦¦
Malt Breakfast Food
Andit Will Prove Its Su-
" ¦ ' '".¦¦ ¦-"¦ ¦• ¦' * ¦''-¦-. '¦¦¦ -/ •vP-
periority Over All Other
Cereal Foods.
The, use of one package of the popular
Malt Breakfast * Food (sufficient ' for j 25 or
30 meals) will convince the' most skeptical
of its wonderful deliciousness, its satisfy-
ing properties, its strength giving virtues
and ; its marvelous power, to "correct < dis-
ordered, digestion. Malt Breakfast Food
builds, braces and- energizes.'. It : is ;th--»
health food -. par excellence for -young and
old. Your grocer, will 'recommend' it. :
U OCEAN \ TRAVEL. :
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« : . Steam trs leave Broadway
hfr Wharf. Ban Francisco: \
vSjfcijk. For Al.xskan ports— 11 a. m..
|2g35gfa& every fifth day. Change la
§2»£vj3>»k company's steamers at Seattle
Esiv K»SV»a For Vlctnrla. Vancouver (B.
K33&3H Vil c - ) - Port Townsend, Seattle.
; BEiSaLl^grcfki Tacoma. Everett. Anacort^s
' f^^^EffintiS * nd New Whatcom <Wash.) —
11 a. m.. every fifth day.
Change at Seattle for thlj
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. 'P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt "Eay — 1:30 p. m.
every fifth day. , \
For San Dieso. stopping only Vat Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redcndo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.:
steamer State- of California. "Wednesdays. 9
a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at tanta Cm*.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford!
(San Loin Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro.. San Pedro
and "Newport i'Corona only) — Steamer Corona,
Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita. {Tuesday ».
9 a. m. v
For Ersenada, Magdalen* Bay, San Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the' right to ehansri
steamers, sailing days and hours of tailing
•without previous notice.
T1CTCKT OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
ttreet (Palace Hotel). »
. GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agente. -
.10 Market St., San Francisco.
Only Steamablp Lino «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Una from Portlan-1 to nil
points Emit. ! Thpoufth flcketa to nil
points, all r«11 t Ktenmahin ntvl rail, a?
¦ IiOttsst xca.vz:s.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and HZAM.
-SS. COLUMBIA
Sails Aug. a, 31, Sept. 10, 20. 30
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER
Sails Aug. 26. Sept. 5, 13. 25
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt.,l Montgm'y, S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at l'n m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai ani
connecting* at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board oa
day of sallfng. • • ¦ -
SS. HONGKONG MARTI ........:."
..'. ' "Wednesday. September 4 1301
SS. NIPPONMARU..Frlday. September 27. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
i Wednesday. October 23 1901
Round-trip tickets- at reduced rates. For
freleht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market strr^t. corner First.
>* W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
. . L .
AMERICAN LINE.
:iew "otic scn«iif*jiPTorr. lj>*do:*. ?ast\
Stopping at '.Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York! Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St.' Louis ..Sept. 41 St. Louis.. Sept 2"!
Philadelphia ..Septt 11 Philadelphia ...Oct.* »
St. Paul Septi lS'St. Paul Oct. 5
RED SJTAR LINE.
• New York\ and Antwem.
From New Tork Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Southwark Sept. \4|Zeeland Sept. »3
Vaderland Sept. KljFriesland Oct 2
Kensington ....Sept. 1} Sputhwark Oct. 9
•Stop at Cherbourg 1 , t v sa3tbound
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Asent Paciflc Cc^st. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R.\R.
TO NEW NM VIA PJH»IW. OIBEBT.
Cabin.. 1C3; Steerage, $iQ; Meal3 Free.
5. S. Argyll sa! J s \ ; Aaft.
From Seawall Secticn No. 1.
6. <¦?. Ltelanaw nails - \ , Aug.
S. S. Argyll **V S \ , 6ept.
From . Howard street at\ 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. B30 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflc Cctast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DB\ VAPORED
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing*, t rom How-
ard 3 Pier to. 12 m. \
GUATEMALA.. Sept. S|COLOMBIAl...Sept 14
PALENA....:...Sept. BlTUCAPEL..\...Sept. 2S
These steamers are built expressly; for Cen-
tral; and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.^ Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TBAR3ATLACTIQU2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. U^jl-.
Palling every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. "-**!""***
North River, foot^f Morton street; Ia Cham-
pagne, September 5; *La Savoie, Septemb.tr 12;
•L'AquItaine, September 19; La Bretagne, \Sep-
tember 26. \
First 'class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAMA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New York.
J. F, FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast AsrentsJi 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. \
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. \
tonic$.s.co.s-ii\^
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only \
¦ ......•..'.¦.......Saturday. August 31. 3 p. m.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday, September 11. 10 a. m- '
S. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
. - New Zealand and Australia
.7 -.Thursday.. September 12. 10 a. m.
J. D.SPHECKEIS k BROS. CO.; Bmerai Agents, 327 Sfartet St
Gaa'j Pasangir Offia, 643 Sirkst St, Piar Is. 7. Pacific St
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamsrs GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
J:4S . a. m.. 2:15 and - 8:30 p. m.'. except Baa-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p.m. Leaves
Vallejo .7 a. m., 11:31) noon. 3 p. m.. except -
Eunday. Eunday. T a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* W
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. Mlislon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
Peruna is - the favorite tonic not only
among soldiers, but among all classes of
people. Any one .weak or convalescent
after an acute illness will find Peruna to
hasten- their, recovery and help them re-
gain their usual strength and vigor.
Mrs. T. B. Smith, hospital matron. Oma-
ha Barracks, writes from 2327 N. Clark
street, Chicago, 111., as follows:
"Peruna seemed to be the favorite tonic
among, the i soldiers at the barracks. If
they were .weak or convalescent after an
illness it would build them up and restore
their strength in a very few days. I used
it myself last fall for a very severe back-
ache and bearing-down pains and found
that three bottles completely cured me."—
MRS. T.rB. SMITH.
Give Pe-ru-na the Credit for Their Re-
" gained Health.
In case of weakness and backache, bear-
ing-down pains and despondency so com-
mon among women Peruna is an absolute
specific. It cures by stimulating the ap-
petite, strengthening the digestion, quick-
ening- the circulation and producing an
equilibrium of the various functions of
the body.
Mrs. Anna Miller, Stoneville. Ohio,
writes:
"If it had not been for Peruna I would
have been dead now. I am stout and
hearty; I would not be without Peruna
for anything:. It is the best remedy for
catarrh In the world. I cannot recommend
it} highly enough. It has done wonders
for me."— Anna Miller.
Mrs. "Verena Schupbach. Dallas, Tex.,
writes :\ ; .
"/ am vary thankful for your val-
uable medicine. I have become well
and strong by means -of it. I am 55
years old; am past the change of life,
but keep \Peruna in the house. My
daughter-in-law took Peruna when
she was so weak she could not do her
housework. Even the first bottle did
her good"-~Verena Shupbach, 439
Lamanster street, Dallas, Tex.
No other inedlcine has received the
praise and commendation of so many
people for suc^i a variety of ailments as
Peruna. | •
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results iJrom the use of Peruna.
¦write at once to\ ; Dr. Hartman, giving: a
full statement oj your case, and he will
be' pleased to giye you his valuable ad-
vice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.
STRONG AND VIGOROUS
MEN AND WOMEN
ADVERTISEMENTS. >
MRS. T. B. SMITH.
ADVERTISF.TVTTrNrTS. .
[COKCEKT^SslBJNGlB
kie.'BIG :¦¦¦•¦]
ICOMEAirrS EXTRACTl
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SANBENITOCO.
To raise money to build a large furnace on
this mine we will sell treasury stock.- for 50c
per share until further notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock is all sold and
Issued, and . we are now producing ¦ quicksilver.
Investigate this offer. .
H. R. BRADFORD, General Manager,
. 7 North Market st., San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. 413
Kearny st., San Francisco.
, ' F. DE FREITAS, Agent
_ — j
DR.MEYERS&CO, jg@|§^
Specialist. Disease ¦KS|g»^
and weakness of ggg|jf V
men. Established yjjjB? ~^m».\t&i
18S1. Consultation "J??g \SH
and private book V\V J . «^ \ I
free, at offlca or by <Ofc "^sULI
mail. Cures guar- {^ki^^^S^
anteed. 731 Mar- f%»JSf3g'£?§§ i
kct street (eleva- i/^|MMK*
tor entrance), San j(K^^ Jjt&tfflkto
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S great h
OF ANATOMY^
\ r Cf ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 *0wB^' World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
X W5«W * se " e po»«H»i-lyc«r«d hy the oldest f
O 81a SI I - Specialist on the Cosst. Est. y, years. ?£}
4 tffSlvM DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN />
\ fVtjSVj&S Consultation free, and strictly private. \
B n Mt/R Treatment personally or by letter. A fl
\ H W \i H Potitiva Cure in every case undertaken. T-
B r // 11 W' w rite for Book. PHILOSUPnVori
V • [I 11^ nkRniAGE, MAILED FREE. (AT
Jk (§*-' /I, ' valuable book for znrn) > \
F DSt. JORDAN A «:O.. 1051 Market 8t.,S. F. f
— T — " — — — ;
IS m 1 mJSS > II US ¦ nKl wi
19 H 9 tOBSl ¦ .BHa I BB'b bH
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Post ot., | San Francisco. CaL .
Established ' Nearly 40 years. Open Entire N Tear.
. Write for 80-page catalogue (free), j
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON St-RFET,
':'• San Frnnclico, Cal.
Boarding -School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of | California and Leland Stanford
' Jr.; - also Vassar. Smith and 'Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 1901. '
SARAHD. HAMLIN. Principal.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 .Market street.
/-Actual business 'bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants ' and reporter^ as- teachers;- Gregr*.
shorthand, . the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE. $60.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and .medical -colleges;:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. ., Fhelan: Building. - • . x . ¦
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, .CAL. .
Xmas Term Will'; Commence, August 11
Major GecC C. Collins. Commandant.. ,,^\
; ' ;; REV. -C.-, HITCHCOCK. -Principal.Some of the New York wits are trying to get even
with Waldorf Astor by calling him "Walled-off
Astor," but just the same he owns a big part of their
town and they cannot josh him out of his rents. !¦ In
fact, if they do not look out he may tax them be
yond their humor.
The Constitution has had so much bad luck in her
trials against the Columbia that people are beginning
to fear she may have some of the same sort when she
tackles the challenger. As a rule the American peo
ple do not believe in luck, but all the same they don't
like the way this thing looks.
; The committee in^ charge of the Victoria memo
rial to be erected in London have decided to record
the names of the great men of. the empire during he'r
reign on a series of tablets surrounding: the. princi
pal \ group of statuary, and now their troubles have
begun. Nearly every man arid woman in- the em
pire who can write /Is sending names which they in
sist should be recorded among the great.* It is prob
able that when completed the tablets will bear some
resemblance to a city directory.
Kangaroo tendon Is In great request
among surgeons, says an English writer,
for making the larger ligatures, for it is
absorbed in tne tissue and leaves no
foreign matter. Some surgeons prefer the
older silk ligament, maintaining that it
Is on the whole more satisfactory and
that the foreign matter can easily be
removed, but the majority, favor the prep
aration from the marsupial. The French
College of Surgeons, indeed, is so appre
hensive of a falling oft in the supply, due
to the merciless war waged on the kan
garoos in their own home by stock owners
anxious ,to save the available pasture for
their cattle, that it* is seriously proposed
to acclimatize them on. a large, scale In
France. As two* Bpecles, at 'any rate
Bennett's wallaby and the "•¦gTGa.t ' kan
garoo, already do well atlarge'ln a num
ber of French and English parks, there
seems no reason > why the suggestion
should not be adopted, 'though the kan
garoo .tribe, .once made thoroughly*, at
home, is as difficult to. eradicate as the
rabbit.. ; . . '
USE FOR KANGAROOS.
WRITING FOR THE PRESS—Subscrib
er,'City. A person who has talent and l&
able to write for the press, whether daily
or periodical, can find a market for that
talent without influence. Matter intended
for the press must be written on one slda
of the page only. Typewritten copy Is
preferred. Copy may be submitted in
person or by mail. If accepted, the write Jt
will be, notified; if rejected it will go Intrf
the waste basket unless there Is a request
for return and sufficient postage accom
panies the request. A person sending copy
to a paper or magazine should alwaj-3
preserve a manifold copy thereof, as there
are some editors who are careless about
-copy, notwithstanding that a request and
stamps for the return accompany the mat
ter. A book may be Copyrighted by send
ing a copy of the title page to the libra
rian of Congress at Washington, D. C,
with 50 cents as a fee, and on the day of
publication of the book sending two copies
of the best edition thereof. The fact that
matter submitted to an editor doe3 not
meet his approval should not dlscouraga
the writer.- On a number of occasions
first-class articles have been rejected by
two or more editors who did not take time
to read what was submitted, and when ac
cepted by another made quite a hit.
THE BEE-Curious, City. The reason
that Napoleon I adopted the bee as a
regal emblem was that he wanted some
thing more ancient than the fleur de Ii3.
He adopted the bee because when tha
tomb of Childeric, who reigned 433 to 481,
was opened in 1633 there was found, in
addition to other relics, about 300 of what
the French heralds thought were bees of
the purest gold, their wings being inlaid
with a red stone like cornelian. These
fleurons, supposed to have been attached
to the trappings of a war horse, were sent
to Louis XIV, but it was Napoleon who
sprinkled them over the imperial robes as
emblematic of the enterprise anu activity
of his dynasty. It is thought that what is
called the fleur de Us la really a bee with
outstretched wings.
AN AMENDMENT— J. J. H., City. Par
liamentary law does not require that an
amendment to a motion must be accepted
by the proposer of the motion before it
can be placed before the meeting. TK^
presiding officer of your lodge who re'f
fused to present an amendment that had
been properly seconded stands in need of
a few lessons in Cushing, Robert or somo
other work on parliamentary law.
There is no reason why the meeting at. Buffalo
should not produce good results. The people are
now prosperous and can well afford to undertake
road improvements. The increasing use of automo
biles makes also a new demand for good highways. It
is time for our people to grapple with the problem in
earnest. The improvements would carry a benefit to
every class in the community. The Buffalo congress
may be expected to furnish suggestions of practical
value ! on every : phase- of the. problem involved iri
road construction, and , the proceedings, therefore,
will be well worth the attention of all who are in
terested in the general subject. -VI "k .>:':
It has been estimated that the people, of the United
States pay about $500,000,000 a year for bad roads.
For the same amount they could get good roads.
What is needed for the desired improvement is not
so much a larger expenditure of money as a more
intelligent use of the money that is expended. Fur
thermore,- bad roads . entail a large waste in the
amount of time and energy required to haul farm
produce over them, so that there will be, a great
economy in the establishment of highways suitable
to our civilization.
Not long ago the National Good Roads Associa
tion, in co-operation with the Illinois Central Rail
road, sent out a train to construct short roads at vari
ous points on the route of that railway from Chicago
to New Orleans. The work had the effect of exciting
a great interest in highway improvement along the
whole line, • and in Illinois,, Kentucky, Tennessee,
Mississippi and Louisiana a new impetus was given
to road work, and a movement started among the
people which is almost sure to achieve large results
in the near future. . . .
WITH the approaching meeting of the Good
Roads Congress at Buffalo it is to be hoped
there will come a revived interest all over
the country in the problems of highway improvement.
The campaign of education^on the subject has been
under way for a long time, but in only a few States
has anything like a comprehensive system of road
work been even so much as devised.
THE GOOD ROADS CONGRESS.
SOUTH PARK— A. O. S.. City. What Is
known as South Park was accepted by
the city and dedicated as a public park
,"to be hereafter kept and improved in
such a manner as the other parks and
squares," on the 13th of November, li&5.
The length of the park is 525 feet and ita
width 75 feet.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— At the Arling
ton, Dr.'D. E. Lane, Alhambra; at the
National, ;R. C Lincoln, San- Francisco;
at the /Raleigh, C. ;F. Lummis, Los
Angeles; . John -M. BeaM, San Francisco.
Calif ornians in. Washington.
From Los Angeles— Miss A. Clark, at
the St. Denis; Mrs. Griffith, at the Earl
ington; J. H. Smith, at the Imperial.
Calif ornians in New York.
. NEW YORK, Au?. 26.— The following
Calif orniahs are in New York: From San
Francisco— Mrs. J. Clark, at the Victoria ;
H. T. Johnson, at the Grand Union;. J. C.
Kirkpatrick, at the Holland; H. C. Min
ton, at the Murray Hill; J. Rankin, at the
Marlborough; G. H. Robinson and wife,
at the Park Avenue; W. A. Tough, at the
Sinclair; L. C. Hahdyke, at the Everett;
R. A. -Walker, at: the New Amsterdam;
A. Watson, at the. Continental; J. S.
Young, at the Ashland; Major D. S. Dorn,
at the Hoffman; Mrs. T. L. Holley, at the
Murray Hill; W. L. Saalburg, at the Im
perial; C. Williams, at the Manhattan. ¦
Ex-Senator R. N. Bulla of Los Angeles
arrived in the city yesterday from Alaska.
He expects to leave to-morrow for the
south. He exchanged political gossip with
Senator Thomas Flint at the Palace Hotel
yesterday. - ; ',T<\'7-
Harvey C. Somers, .he well-known capi
talist and hay merchant, was on the Pro
duce Exchange yesterday, after an ab
sence of several months in the East.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental
are a number of young German army
officers* who are returning from the China
campaign to their homes.
¦ "W. "W. "Worthing', a well-known real es
tate man from Stockton, is a guest at the
Grand.
C. M.- Palmer, a mining man of Butte,
Mont., is among the late arrivals at the
Grand. ' '
Prison Director R. T. Devlin of Sacra
mento is at the Lick, accompanied by his
wife. . '
; - 11. Darter, a well known young clubman
of Santa Barbara, is staying at the Pal
aco.
George Osbourne arrived yesterday from
Monterey and is a guest at the California.
Dr. E. "W. Biddle, one of the leading
medical men of Healdsburg, is at the Lick.
J. R. Defrees, U. S. N., is at the Califor
nia. ,
J. G. Church, U. S. N.,- is at the Califor
nia.
General J. "W. B. Montgomery of Chico
is at the Grand.
J. W. Taylor, a cattleman of Texas, is
a guest at the
* W. Marchead, a wealthy mining man of
Randsburg, is at the Lick.
C. E. de Gerry Grant, a traveler from
Sydney, is at the Occidental. . .
F. E. L. Bent is registered at the Occi
dental from Washington, D. C.
John Sparks," a wealthy cattleman of
Reno, Nev., is a guest at the Palace. .
The story soon got 'about, and since
then no buttons have been found in the
collection bag.— Tit-Bits.
Before she had finished speaking the vis
istor hastily arose and said she must be
going.
"Indeed," said the clergyman's wife,
quietly. "I am surprised to hear it. *As
all these buttons were found in the collec
tion bag, I thought I might a3 well put
them to some use."
"Here are two buttons exactly the same
as those my husband had on his last
winter suit. I should know them any
where.'" .
A clergyman's wife -as mending clothes
for her boys when one o, her lady neigh
bors called In to have a friendly chat. It
was not long before the visitor's eye was
attracted by a large basket, more than
half filled with buttons. The lady could
not help remarking that there seemed a
very good supply of buttons. Thereupon
she began to turn them over, and sud
denly exclaimed:-
' Gotham— It seemed like the real thing.
There was a boy eating peanuts in the
gallery and the shells were dropping all
about me.— Yonkers Statesman.
.Church— How did you like that war
drama at the theater the other night?
"Then it isn't John!" she said, the
color coming back to her face.—Minne
apolis Times. <
"No, ma'am. He had no bundles."
"I am sorry to be the bearer of had
news, madam, but a man was overcome
by the heat while on the train that left
the city about half an hour ago, and sev
eral persons say he is Mr. Outsome. Ho
lies unconscious at the railway station
here."
"Did he have his arms full of bundles?"
she asked, with trembling lips.
"Is this Mrs. Outsome?" asked the man
at the door of the modest suburbanite
home.
. "Yes, sir," said the woman who had
answered' the bell.
Impression Confirmed— "Reynolds," said
the older member of the firm/ "how do
you spell '-which?' "W. h, 1. c, h," re
sponded the other. 'That's what I
thought," rejoined the older member,
covertly scratching: a "t" out of the word
he had written.— Chicago Tribune.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
AMERICAN— A. S., City. American is
a native of America, north or south. Tho
name was originally applied to the
aboriginal inhabitant, but now to the de
scendants of Europeans born In America:
In a restricted sense it is applied to tha
inhabitants of the United States.
Were the three states combined the nation would
be the third in South America in area and the second
in population. It would take rank with Brazil and Ar
gentine and have great possibilities of national life.
Surh a political possibility is naturally tempting to
ardent patriots. It is an issue that raises the present
qnarrel far above the ordinary strife of South Ameri
can parties. Of course the people and the Govern
ment of Colombia have doubtless good reasons for
objecting to merge their independent existence in
that of a new republic, but the exact nature of these
reasons has not yet been madexlear to outsiders.
It is somjwhat strange that Colombia should be
the one of the three states to hold out against union,
for by reason of her larger population she would be
the dominant state of the federation, unless the other
two should always combine against her. According
to recently compiled figures Colombia has an area of
about 505,000 square miles, Ecuador of I2o,ooo # and
Venezuela of 594,000, a total of 1,210,000 square miles.
Colombia's population is about 4,500,000, Ecuador's
1,500,000 and Venezuela's 3,000,000, a total of
9,000,900.
If the report be true it affords an intelligible ex
planation of the interference of Venezuela and
Ecuador in the Colombian troubles. It would mean
that the unionists of those countries perceive in the
present situation an opportunity to accomplish their
political aspiratio/ns, and consequently have given to
the Liberals of Colombia all the help they can. Nor
is it at all unlikely that both Venezuela and Ecua
dor, where the/ feeling in favor of reunion is appar
ently very strpng, would gladly join hands with the
Colombian rebels if they were in any way given a
reasonable assurance of success.
It appears, however, that in the present imbroglio
that involves Colombia, Venezuela and Ecuador
there is something in the nature of big politics under
lying the movements of the chief actors. The three
states were originally united as one country. It was
in that form they gained independence from Spain.
Their territory, however, was a vast one and was but
sparsely populated. Communication was difficult and
local prejudices and passions soon led to a break
ing up of the early gorernmenL Of late there has
been a strong sentiment among a considerable num
ber of the people in faror of "reuniting as one nation,
and it is said to be that sentiment which animates the
leaders and their followers who are now warring
against the Colombian Government.
WARS among the states of Central and
South America are as a rule so much the
result of a general lawlessness and readi
ness among the people to fight after their manner
that they rarely merit much attention. In most
cases hardly anything is involved beyond the per
sonal fortunes of the leaders. Foreign powers have
generally contented themselves with protecting the
lives and property of any of their citizens" doing busi
ness in the disturbed country, leaving the natives free
to fight as they please.
COLOMBIA AND VENEZUELA.
INTRODUCTION— Ball Room. City. An
introduction given for the purpose of
enabling a lady and gentleman, to go
through a dance does not constitute an
acquaintanceship. The lady is at liberty
at any time thereafter to pass the gentle
man without recognition.
RAILWAY SPEED-A. S., City. Tha
highest rate of speed developed by any
railroad was made* on the Burlington
route, January, 1S99. in a run from Siding
to Arion, 2.4 miles in 1 minute 20 seconds,
or at the rate of 130 miles an hour.
A POSITION— Subscriber, Burllnsame.
Cal. To apply for a position as engineer's
cadet or deck cadet on a steamer of tho
company named, direct tho application to
the company and it will be turned over
to the proper department.
CONTINENTS— A. S.. City. According
to the Royal Geographical Society, Janu
ary. 1901, the continental divisions of the
world are: Africa. North America. South
America. Asia, Australasia, Europe and
the Polar region. ' i
COIN QUESTIONS-J. 11. C, City: H.
B. L., San Bcnito, and A. B. C. Redding.
CaL No premium i3 offered by dealers for
half dollars of the United States of 1800,
1803 and 1S25; nor Is any offered for a dime
of 1S53. -:;
POUNCE— Subscriber, Angels Camp.
Cal. Pounce is powdered resin or somo
gun resin, that Is to say. mastic, sanda
rac, copaL reduced to a powder; also the
powder of cuttlefish bone.
PRONUNCIATION— L. G.. City. Thi»
department refers you to any dictionary
or cyclopedia' for the pronunciation of
such simple vrorda as are named In the
letter of inquiry. »
SKETCHING— Lr. M., Oakland. Cal.
There are schools In San Francisco whera
one may learn sketching, but this depart
ment does not advertise private enter
prises.
Carbonfcal Club
Murray's -Handbook to Algebra and
Tunics' . :
Play Actress, and Cricket in the Pande
monium Library .:
Charlotte in Loveliness. Braddon ..<
How. to Make a Hand Camel .....
Haugh's Harrow Arith
Alice and Her Mistress. Bulwer.
Birth and Growth of Worms *
Founder and Heretics. By Ruskin
Key to Carving and Analysis
Harry Stockle's Masterpiece !
Pharaoh's Life of Christ
Brown Antimacassar.
Frenchie Owen
Shakespeare's The Felon.. ;
Across the Russian Nose ;....
Oxford and Cambridge Gladiators.
Can Bridge of The Timothy and the
Titus'
J..B. Genius, or Generous, or some such
thing
Marbles of Modern Speculation. By a.
¦ Russell ....... ' .". :
Think of the Mighty, or Sinks of the
Mighty '......;................. .....;
Boy Hero of Walthamstow ...'.
Improver's Story. 1..... :
Sweet Story of the Piptuagint i
Handbook to Orkneys Shorthand :
Telephona in Love '
Greatest of the Easiest Charity ..i
THE Crfitlc prints the following list
in ordering goods from the jobb
. TITLE AS ORDERED.
Republic of Fiat. By Jowett.
" Boy, Muscle and the Peas
Worcester's Diseases of the Callender..
The..Trea£leflf.Storm....... .....
Photo Frames. 1805
Guide to the Aerated Waters.. .'...<
Nobody Born ?. .
Stories From a Dairy Adopted
Aces and the Aposites of Cambridge
God Aim Us by a Farmer ¦
Jewel Logs by Simpsons '.
Thoughts for Washing Days '
Gourdals Cart'ln Lecture
Nancy's Voyage to Greenland...:
River Frozen, Silent Gold and Unsteeped
. Lands .; ;
BOOKS . REQUIRED.
Republic of Plato. By Jowett.
Bog Myrtle and Peat."
.Worcester Diocesan Calendar.
In the Track of the Storm. ... ' ;
Photograms, 1S95.
Guide for Manufacture of Aerated Waters.
Nobly 6orn.
Stories From the Diary of a, Doctor.
Acts of the Apostles 1 , Cambridge Bible.
Gaudeamus. By Farmer.
Duologues. By Simpson.
Thoughts for Working Days.
Caudle's Curtain Lectures.
Nansen's Voyage to Greenland.
Rev. Frazer's Silent Gods and Sunsteeped
Lands.
Carbuncle Clue.
Murray's Handbook to Algiers and Tunis.
Play Actress. By Crockett Pseudonym
Library.
Charlotte's Inheritance. Braddon.
How to Make a. Hand Camera.
Haugh's Higher Arith. \
Alice, or the Mysteries.
Birth and Growth of Worlds.
Frondes Asrestes. Ruskin.
Key to Parsing and Analysis.
Aristotle's Masterpiece.
Farrar*s v Life of Christ.
Brown Ambassador.
French Heroines.
Shakespeare's Othello.
Across Russian Snows.
Oxford and Cambridge Galatiana.
Cambridge Bible, Timothy and Titus.
Cambridge Bible, Genesis.
Miracles of Modern Spiritualism. By A.
Russell Wallace.
Seats of the Mighty."
Boy Hero. By Walsham How. i^H^I
Imjirovisatore.
Swete's Story of the Septuagint.
Handbook to Orkneys and Shetland.
Tryphena in Love. -
Greatest of These Is Charity.
of "bulls" made by English booksellers
ers In London: • *.*-,
WATER AND FISH-J.C, City. If you
have a tub of water weighing 100 pounds
and place therein a live fish weighing five
pounds the whole win weigh 105 pounds.
Easily Fair Into Error -Through Ignorance or Carelessness
- ' « When Sending Orders to Jobbers.
Of course, Evans has not been harmed much by the
censure put upon him. Probably he has been bene
fited so far ' as the sale of his book is concerned.
Chandler certainly has gained nothing. He would
have been wiser had he adopted the tactics of the
British War Office and left his critic unnoticed.
. It would be difficult indeed to lay down a definite
rule upon the subject. No one would think of ques
tioning the right of a naval officer "to criticize the
methods of a Secretary of the Navy of fifty years ago.
Should he be permitted to give his judgment of the
actions of a Secretary cf twenty-five years ago?
It is to be noted that no attempt has been made
by any one responsible for the conduct of the war in
the Transvaal to censure General Chamberlain for his
words. The silence on the part of the War Depart
ment may be due to a desire to say as little as pos
sible-about the business, but it may also be due to a
recognition of the right of a retired officer to criticize
as he pleases. If such a right exists, then the cen
sure upon Evans was hardly, justifiable.
Of those things the old field marshal says: "Even
in the dark days of the Indian mutiny, Vhen there was
an ever-present sense of the inhumanities practiced
by the mutineers and others who abetted them, there
never existed the idea that the horrors of war were
to be indiscriminately carried into the homes of the
population, i Happily the representative of the crown
then in India was a nobleman of calm, humane in
stincts, and history now lauds the part played by the
man who at the time was railed against as 'Clemency
Canning.' " .
Evans charged that Chandler mistreated him be
cause he refused; to make appointments to suit the
political machine with which Chandler; at the time
was working, and expressed contempt for the Secre :
tary by referring to his action as the stinging of an
insect. The charges of General . Chamberlain are
much more severe. He has denounced what he calls
"the frequent injudicious, if not reckless, burning or
sacking of the farmsteads or homes of the Boers, the
removal or destruction of the food stored in their
houses for the maintenance of their families, the
sweeping away of s all cattle and sheep, the destruction
of mills and implements of agriculture, and also the
forcible removal into camps of all women and chil
dren, and there being kept in bondage."
CENSURE pronounced by the Department of
the Navy so promptly upon Rear / Admiral
Evans for his criticism upon ex-Secretary
Chandler gives an added interest to the criticism re
cently pronounced upen the British War Department
by Sir Neville Chamberlain, a retired field marshal of
the British army. In each case there is involved the
question of the extent to which a military or naval
officer has the right to go in criticizing the conduct
of the war authorities of his country. . .
A QUESTION OP CRITICISM.
TUESDAY; .:..... AUGUST 27, 1901
JOHN D; SPRECKELS. Proprietor. V-^U'
Ad&reu All Comiasalettieni to W. 8. LEASE, Hunger.
MAYAGKir.S OFFICE:. Telephone Pren 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE...Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Prens 201. '.-•- f
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. ¦'
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, S Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postages
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year ..$6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 moaths 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 63c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL One Year f..... 1.00
All postmasters are authoTflzed to receive
subscription*.
Sample copies ¦will be forward id when requested. • >
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to eive both NEW AND- OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 7777777171 . . . .1118 Broadwar
C. GEORGE I.CnOGXESS.
Kuagtr Fertign Afrertitisg, Vironttta Building, Chleago.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX. Herald Square
'¦.¦'¦'- -NEW YORK RETRESENTTATIVE:
fTEPHEV B. SMITH. ....... .30 Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square;
Murray H1U Hotel- ¦ '
HRA.VCIT OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until ff:30 o'clock. €15 Larktn, open until
»:*> o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o" clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 106 Seventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second • and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Flllitiore. open until 9. a. m.
IN ANSWER
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
BOOKSELLERS MAKE CURIOUS
MISTAKES IN ORDERING GOODS
ONE of the : most striking and interesting features pro
!" posed for the Louisiana Purchase Centennial,Celebra
tion at St. Louis in 1903 is the "Children's Building,"
a structure devoted exclusively; to the amusement and
instruction of children. The architecture of this build
ing is to.be replete with sculptural groups representing the
stories and legends of childhood, not only of our own nation—
of the Anglo-Saxon race — but of all nations. It is the inten
tion to make this building for the world's children something
never equaled, and never to be forgotten. Charles Dexter, a
gentleman interested in the proposed "Children's Building" at
the St. Louis World's Fair, in a letter addressed to the Presi
dent of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition Company, says:
"In the line of ornamentation I would suggest outside and
inside groups' of statuary. delineating Mother Goose stories and
other childish-legends. I \ would make the idea of instruction
subservient to that of amusement; though' combining both
ideas. as much as possible, illustrating, for instance, all the
great natural sciences. Selections can be made from each and
all of them, showing the most curious and striking truths from'
that realm, which would specially appeal to the child mind.
Trained persons should be employed to mark out an appro
priate programme. : All the various arts, sciences and indus
tries should be drawn, on. '.•¦.¦/
"We could make the greatest display of dolls ever made,
representing the dolls of all nations: the games, legends and
stories of children of all nations. The stories of the young of
animals, the birds of the air and also the inhabitants of the
deep sea; the curious habits of the animals and birds in rela
tions to their youngr, as well as insect life, and Indeed all
animal life wherever the beautiful and wonderful maternal re
lations could be delineated; the strange freiks and metamor
phoses of plant life, like those half animal, half plant; simple
but striking experiments from the chemical laboratory; tha
new wonders of the microscope, shown In enlarged photo
graphs of microscopic subjects; the old and most striking
wonders of the heavens .is revealed in the telescope; a music
room, where music appealing to childish fancy should be a
commanding feature; a stage, where plays specially adapted for
our purpose could be enacted; exhibits of toys and vehicles for
children: in fact, a mimic kindergarten exposition for children.
"The amount of it is, we would b« overwhelmed with a.
wealth of ideas in this line. We could plunge right Into tho
enterprise without hesitation, as simply to mention it carries
a world of -suggestion to every, mind. The Smithsonian In
stitution is about founding a museum devoted to children, and
by 1903 wil have made considerable advance in that line.
Everything is to be marked in plain English in the Government
exhibit. We could probably make a loan of this collection
for the time being and make this a nucleus for our plan.
Such a building would be unique and it would draw."
li|^ll|5^|RSma|^W| Replete With Everything of Interest to the
Youngsters, From' Toys and Dolls to the Striking Wonders of the Heavens
In it all is a pitiful element found in the pinch that
is felt in the homes of laboring men. The union
leader, the business agent and the walking -delegate
are not pinched. Their pay goes on, but these lead
ers who command the union treasury are doling out
a dollar a 'week to men of family whom they ordered
to strike and quit employment that paid from $2 to
$4 per day. In- the homes of these idle men want
is beginning to show, its haggard face. Wives and
children are. being put on part rations, fuel, food and
clothing are getting less, and the rent is overdue.
At the same time work and wages wait for. them all.
They had no dispute with their employers, no griev
ance about hours or wages, but quit work unwill
ingly, because they were ordered to do so by leaders
who thrive while the workman's family wants. If
man's inhumanity to man; need a new illustration,
here it. is. "
These strikers, ordered to quit work by these' lead-
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company had a con
tract with the Marine Firemen's .Union 'which that
body violated, pleading a power equal. to that of a
nation when treaties are broken. , But suppose the
steamship company had been the violator, the Fire
men's Union would have hired a lawyer, gone into
court and enforced the contract, and would have
laughed at such a plea made by. the employer.
Not many workingmen will fail to see the danger
ous folly of such a claim. It means that all others
must keep contracts and agreements because the em
ployer has property that is responsible. ¦ He cannot
go into court and plead his right to break a contract
because a nation. breaks its treaties when it goes to
war.
There is an instance in which union workmen dif
fer with their badly advised leaders. They made a
contract, advantageous to them and enforceable by
law against their employers, and are told by President
Shaffer and Secretary Tighe that their obligation to
their union is superior to their obligation to a con
tract which they voluntarily made. If workingmen
will examine the subject uninfluenced by leaders
whose leadership is made to seem necessary by labor
troubles, they will find that there are several obliga
tions which precede their allegiance to leaders, which
is often the real meaning of their union obligation.
These leaders in San Francisco have caused the vio
lation of contracts, ' entered into by unions, which
employers have strictly observed, and when taxed
with this bad faith have said that "a nation violates
its treaty contracts when it "goes to war and union
labor has the same right."
All workingmen will finally feel the bad effects of
impairment of their right of contract and of the vio
lation of agreements. In a conference held last Sat
urday with President Shaffer of the Amalgamated
Association a Pittsburg dispatch says that the
executives of various labor organizations, Messrs.
Mitchell, White and Jenkes, criticized the action of
President Shaffer in violating the contracts made by
the union with trie Western steeel mills, but the same
day in Chicago Mr. Tighe, Shaffer's secretary, de
nounced the union steel workers who wished to keep
their word and their contract inviolate, accusing them
of "deserting their union in order to live up to a
contract."
The only meaning to be taken from this is that a
university man is a gentleman and a stevedore is not
a gentleman. No wise friend of labor penned that
letter, for honor and fame from no condition rise, and
a stevedore may be as truly a gentleman as if he were
a university man or were born in the purple. An
other evidence that bad advisers, who have motives
entirely wide of the interests of labor, are taking a
hand in these proclamations is found in the attempt
to shift the responsibility of the damage done to farm
ers and fruit-growers by the strike. Country produce
suffers from the sympathetic feature of the strike. The
leaders say to the country people that they would
grant permission to handle country produce if the
employers would do certain things. But. the em
ployers did not order any strike, sympathetic or
otherwise, and the issue between them and the labor
leaders does not cqver that part of the industrial
field where country produce is handled. The country
people see clearly that the leaders need no concert
with the employers in order to handle such perishable
property as is now in danger of destruction. . We
need not say to wage-workers that such leadership is
more damaging to them than any organized opposi
tion to union labor can ever be. As for union labor,
it is not a new thing. It came long ago and to stay.
It is capable of giving stability to industry, of bring-'
ing thrift, temperance and economy into the homes
of labor, and of stimulating that t ambition. by which
men of enterprise go forward to independence. A
majority of the members of the Employers' Associa
tion began life as workingmen, and on less wages
than they now pay to others, achieved independence
and began business for themselves. That door out
ward toward independence should, never be closed,
but it is* not kept open by strikes, which cut off pro
duction and paralyze industry-
The evidence of outside help or inspiration in the
work of preparing documents issued by labor leaders
is found in such statements as are made in the letter
to President Wheeler and the circular to the country
press. In the Wheeler letter, signed by Goff and
Rosenberg, occurs this remarkable statement: "A
liberal education makes those who are capable of re
ceiving it gentlemen. . * * * Public opinion' is
strong, and we can assure you that the people are not
at all disposed to pay for the establishment in the
State University of a department for the education
of — well, say stevedores."
It would seem that only the men who are called
labor leaders and are salaried out of labor union funds
are greatly influenced by such advice and such ad
visers. The rank and file, the laboring masses, take
their- orders too implicitly from such leaders and are
the ones injured by evil counsel. The several circu
lars and proclamations published by such leaders bear
evidence of preparation by outsiders, whose. object is
the creation of friction and disorder, and not the
bringing of a good understanding between'the em
ployer and the employed. The personal abuse of em
ployers, the contemptuous characterization of them,
and ascription to them of unmanly and evil motives,
are not the work of men who 1 have b.een in their em
ploy, nor is it the work of any wise leader of labor.
The mass of wage-earners must be impressed by the
absence of like abuse of them, and the lack of retali
atory epithets, in anything that has been said by or
in behalf of the employers.
The country needs for its prosperity free labor and
free capital. Both of these partners in production
suffer when those who neither pay wages nor earn
them intrude upon a situation for the purpose^of ad
vancing selfish interests that are not the concern
either of wage-payers or wage-earners.
WE see no 'reason 'to change our opinion that
the wage earners are badly advised by such
volunteer counselors as the ' Examiner and
the politicians. .
CHILDREN'S BUILDING TO BE ONE OF INTERESTING
FEATURES OF THE BIG ST. LOUIS WORLD'S FAIR
> In the United States are fifteen millions of work
ing people who toil at some form of labor with their
hands. How small is the minority of union labor in
that vast army! Do'not union workmen see that the
use of their organization' for purposes that oppress
them, injure their families, hurt the whole 'commun
ity, break contracts and compel them to do that for
which their leaders teach them to call others •scabs,
is arraying against unionism the public opinion of a
majority which "when united will smite the inconsid
erate leaders'and bad advisers who are the doers
of all. this evil? .
ers, "in defense of a principle," are driven by neces
sityjto invade the interior of the State and there take
the place of hay balers and other rural laborers at a
lowered wage.' The work ' they take in the country
has been done for a ; wage "of $2 and $2 50 per day:
They take it for $i 50. The country laborer whom
they displace comes to ; this city \ to take the places
they deserted, and is hooted as a scab,- and when po
lice vigilance is withdrawn is beaten and laid up with
bruised body and broken bones. .
BAD ADVICE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, TUESDAY, AUGrUST 27, 1901.
When it comes - to appreciating your
loKes the 'man who 'laughs flsst laughs
best. : -¦ ' •• -.
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's,*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
... ¦ ? ¦
It Is one of the unsolved mysteries how
two men can, exchange umbrellas and
each invariably get the worst of It.
» ? ¦ ;
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
BestLrver Medicine, VcgetableCureforLlver HlA.
Billousress, Indigestion.- Constipation. Malan^7
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Siegjrt's Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.*
According to London estimates the demand for
wheat in Great 'Britain,' France,. Belgium and Holland
this year will be 664,000,000 bushels, and their produce
will not exceed' 396,000,000/ . leaving 268,600.000
bushels to be supplied from outside sources. . Rus
sia has none to .'spare and India none. {\ So: the United
States, -with . a little help from Argentine : : and ; Aus
tralia, will have to get. iri and feed; the crowd.
Although the use of the telephone has
increased rapidly here there are countries
in Europe in which ; telephones are In far
more general use than here. . In Stock
holm, Sweden, one,; person in every four
teen has a - telephone, / there^ being more
than 20,000 telephones ! in a population of
271,000. ; Every tobacconist's store is a pub
lic call office, and the rates are very 1 low.-
England is far. behind in the matter of
telephones, there being: only one to every
636 of- the population: :; In little- Switzer
land there is one to every 172 persons; but
far more business : is : done over the tele
phone in England; than in Switzerland. "
TELEPHONES ABROAD.
6
Gftll Knbtcrlberc ceBtempIatlng u. ekaace mt
mtdeaer during tbe rammer moatbi can &*?•
thrlr paper forrrarded by mall to their new
a<dresaea by notifying The Call Bmineii Office.
Thin paper will also be on sole at all nawef
resorts and la represented by * local agent 1m
Ml tovrn» on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWB FOR THE SUfflffil
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Vatkins— This day. Horses. Buggies, etc., at 1140
Folsom street. . .
AJtfUSETVnRNTS.
Orpheura— Vaudeville.
Columbia— '•'Whecln "Within "Wheels."
Alcazar— "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Opera-houpe— "Lord and Lady Airy."
Central— "The Tvro Orphans."
Tirol!— "MeSstoffle."
California— "Rosemary."
Olj-mpla. comes? Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo ami Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon anfl
•veninc i
i Fischer" b— Vai/devllle.
Futro Baths— Swlmmlns.
Ringrllnr Broc.' Circus — Folsom, and Sixteenth streets.
Mechanics' ' Pavilion— Scientific Boxing, Friday evening,
August 30.
Ftate Fair And Exposition. Sacramento— September 2 to 14.THE BRITISH SHIPS THALATTA AND HARLECH CASTLE OFF THE HEADS IN COMPANY WITH THE
SUGAR FLEET YESTERDAY MORNING. BOTH VESSELS SAILED FROM EUROPE "WITHIN A DAY OF
EACH OTHER, .BUT HAD WIDELY DIFFERENT EXPERIENCES.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26. —A runaway
freight car, loaded with 60,000 pounds of
iron pipe, dropped Into the bay this morn
ing from the apron at the Peralta-street
railroad freight transfer slip. The car
was being switched and broke its coup
lings, getting away from the trainmen
and plunging overboard before its course
could be blocked. After several hours"
work the car was raised so that Its con
tents could be removed, then it was
hauled out of the slip. Meanwhile the
trins of the transfer boats Thoroughfare
and Transit were delayed.
Laden With Iron Pipe the Carrier
Drops Into Peralta Street Trans
fer Slip. : ;V.
BTTN-AWAY FREIGHT
CAB. PLTTNGES OVEEBOABD
The live men of Humboldt County have
decided to maintain a permanent exhibit
of the products of their county in this
city and have taken the first steps to
bring this about. For some time the Hum
boldt Chamber of Commerce, which is in
Eureka, has seen the advisability of keep
ing the merits of solid old Humboldt De
fore the world. Correspondence has given
them reason for a permanent exhibit with
the State Board of Trade in the ferry
building at the foot of Market street. G.
A. Dc-nnison, acting secretary of the
State Board of Trade, has just received
a letter from Eureka, in which it is set
forth that the resources of Humboldt will
be "well represented in an unique pavil
ion." This will be in the shape of a hug©
redwood tree, and the exterior will con
sist of the bark of one of the giants of
the forest. The interior will be lined with
polished slabs of commercial redwood.
Within the pavilion other products of the
county will be shown in profusion.
There are only thirty counties of Cali
fornia that keep themselves before the
public in the rooms of the State Board ot
Trade, although it is a fact that thou
sands of visitors pass through the exhi
bition hall and examine the horticultural,
agricultural and mineral exhibits of the
S v? ate T ? very month. This is the first time
that Humboldt County has decided to be
permanently in the public eye. T X>
Fetch of Eureka has largely been Instru
mental in bringing this about The offi
cers of the Humboldt Chamber of Com
merce are: J. P. Haynes, president; H.
Xj. .kicks and J. G. Loveran, vice presi
dents; C. P. Soule, treasurer; George A
Kellogg, secretary; J. F. Thompson. W.
S. Clark, N. Bullock, J. C. Bull Jr T R
Lever, W E. Cook, J. G. Loveran knd g!
R. Georgeson, trustees.
The exterior of the Humboldt County
Sfi if^i 1^? alread y been put up. The
Humboldt County people are getting to
gether their exhibit, which will' be fully
representative of one of the richest and
most, thriving sections of all California.
An illustrated pamphlet has just been is
sued by the Humboldt Chamber of Com-
Ennnnnn™^ 10 ! 1 l V a I tated that ther « "•
49,000 000.000 feet of redwood lumber stand
ing in the county. The estimated popu-
haVlDS practical *
Unique Pavilion in Guise
of a Huge Growing
Redwood.
Northern County Ar
ranges for Permanent
Exhibit.
WANTS TO SHOW
HER RESOURCES
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BEACHERHEAD— Passed Aug 25— Stmr Ping
Suey. from Tacoma, via Manila and thence for
London.
GLASGOW— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr Earmatian,
for Genoa. ¦ -
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Aug 2&— Stmr Hohen
zollern, from Genoa and Naples, for Nsw
York.
Passed Aus 26— Stmr Duchess Dl Genova,
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
MI7RORAN— Sailed— Stmr Glamorganshire,
for Portland, Or. \ ' • •
MALINHEAD— Passed Aug 26— Stmr Buenos
Ayrean, from Montreal and Quebec, for Glas
gow.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr
Rhynland, from Liverpool, via Queenstown. '
MALTA — Passed Aug 23 — Br . stmr Glenesk,
from Tacoma, for London.
DEAL— Passed Aus 24— Br bark Vendee,
from Newcastle Aug — , for Portland, Or.
FLEETWOOD— Sailed Aug 24— Fr bark Mar
guerite Dollfus, for .
KAIOCHAU— Sailed Augr 21— Ger bark G. H.
Wapnaus, for Oregon. . . ; - ¦- ¦ ,
HAMBURG— Sailed Aug 7— Br Ehip Alclnous,
for San Francisco. • ¦ ¦
SWANSEA— In port Aug ¦ 6— Br bark Inver
lochy. for San Francisco.
HIOGO— In port Aug 12— Ger ship Rlckmer
RIckmers, for Oreeon.
Sailed July 12, vi» Mororan and Batavla— Br
stmr St. Dunstan, for San Francisco. •
CALLAO— In port Aug 6— Br ship Beechdale,
for Tacoma.
Sailed Aug 23 — Schr Fearless, for Port Town
send.
CALETA BUENA-Sailed July 30— Ger bark
Placilla, for Tacoma.
VALPARAISO— Sailed July 19— Br ship St.
Mun^o, for Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Sailed Aug 25— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, for San Francisco. • ¦
TAKU— Arrived Aug 23— Chil bktn Hawaii,
from Chemainus.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Aug 24— Ger stmr Mem
phis, yfor San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Auk 25— Bark Hesper,
from Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Sailed Auff 14— Schr Expansion, for Puget
Sound. Aug 16— Bark St. James; ship Hecla,
for Puget Sound. Aug 17— Schr O. M. Kellogg,
for Pu?et Sound; Jap #tinr America Maru.
for Hongkong. Aug 19 — Schr F. M. Slade, for
Eleele.
To sail Aug 20— Stmr Mariposa, for San
Francisco.
MAHUKONA— Arrived Aus 15-BrlfiT Consu
elo. hence July 31.-
Sailed Aug 16 — Schr' Ida Schnauer, for Port
Townsend. • >'
KAHULUI-Sailed Ausr 14— Schr Otello
redersen, for San Francisco.
HILO— Sailed Auff 15— Bark Roderick Dhu,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aue 14— Ship Emily F.
Whitney; bark Diamond Head, hence July 27.
Aug 15— Bark Gerard C. Tobey, hence Aug 1;
schr Alice Kimball, from Kahului with rudder
gone. Aug 16— Jap stmr America Maru, hence
Aug 10; stmr Mariposa, hence Aug 10. Aug
is— Ship Wm. H. Sfnith. from Tacoma: U S
stmr Solace, from Manila.
ISLAND PORTS.
Condor; U S stmr Concord; U S stmr Path
finder.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 26— Br stmr Oceano,
from Mororan; bktn Arago, from Honolulu.
Steamer. From. Due.
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 27
Seward Seattle Aug. 27
Guatemala..... Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug! 28
Tcllus Oyster Harbor Aug. 28
Mariposa Honolulu Aug. "8
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 28
Pomona Humboldt .'...... Aug 28
South Portland Coos Bay Aug. 23
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports..... Aug 29
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Aug! 29
Point Arena... Point Arena Aug. 30
Matteawan Tacoma Aug. 30
Eureka...: Humboldt Aug! 30
Horda Oyster Harbor Aug. 31
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 1
Serapis Hamburg & Way Ports Sept 1
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Sept l
Ventura... Sydney & Way Ports. Sept 2
TJmatilla Puget Sound Ports Sept 3
Australia Tahiti Sept. 3
China China and Japan Sept' 3
Newport;....... Panama & Way Ports. Sept" 3
TO SAIL.
Rev.. Henry Woods, S. J., will lecture
for the benefit of the Children's Day
Homes at St. Mary's Cathedral, Thurs
day, August 29. at 8 p. m.
the city front (Mission-street .wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at 'both places.
Benefit for Children's Homes.
Apply to United States Civil Service
Commission, -Washington, D. C, for appli
cation forms 304 and 375. **
Hydrosraphic draughtsman in the Coast and
Geodetic Survey, salary $900 per annum; clerk
and assistant, Bureau of Plant Industry, De
partment of Agriculture, salary $1000 per an
num; artist. Bureau of Plant Industry, De
partment of Agriculture, salary $900 per an
num. The . tests given will comprise plant
forms an<J" great accuracy In the details o*
form and color will be required rather than
aesthetic effect. Competitors may submit in
connection with their applications small paint
ings of plant forms in oil colors, •which will
be considered in connection. with the work per
formed in the examination. Affidavits as to
the work submitted being that of the com
petitor should | accompany any painting for
warded.
The United States Civil Service 'Commis
sion announces that on September 23,
1901, in every city having postal free
delivery, the following examinations will
be held:
Civil Service Examinations.
HAYTV'ARDS, Aug. 26.— The committees
in charge of the annual fair for the
benefit of All Saints' Catholic Church
have their programme well ' under way.
The bazaar will be held in' the town
opera house from October 22 to Novem
ber 1. The proceeds will be used toward
paying the debt on the parochial resi
dence. One evening of the fair will be de
voted to a descriptive lecture by the pas
tor, Rev. Father Lally, on his recent trip
though the South Seas. Among- those
who are working for the success of the
fair are Mrs. F. Winston, Miss N. Stan
ton, Miss A. Cahlll, Mrs. Garwood, Mrs.
P. More, Mrs. C. Cooper, Mrs. J. Ober
muller, Mrs^ Lavallee, Miss K. Keever,
Miss F. Keever, Miss G. Keever, Miss E.
Keever, Miss M. Welch, Miss C. Mun
yon. Miss A. Garcia, Miss Margaret
Brown, Miss Lawrence, Miss Soroses and
Miss Coite.
wards "Work for Their Annual
Bazaar.
Ladies of All Saints' Church at Hay-
TO RAISE THE DEBT
s> ON PAIROCHIAI, HOME
As i-oon as the steamship docked all
hands were called out by the unions so
.stevedores will have to discharge the ves
sel to-day. ;
The remains of Captain E. D. Dixon
were brought down on the St. Paul. He
was a well-known Yukon River pilot and
died last month at St. Michael. The body
was brought here for Interment by his
son. H. L. Dixon.
The St. Paul took thirty-eight men
from Nome to Unalaska to serve as jurors
in Judge Wickersham's court. The latter
is going to try all of Judge Noyes' cases,
but the plaintiffs and defendants will
have to put in an appearance at Unalas
ka and there is much growling at Nome
in consequence.
Mrs. C. B; Howard, J. R. Fitzgerald, H. L.
Dixon, A. E. Sandborg, Mrs. Davis, W. M.
Drown. C. J. Boyle, G.. E. Little. M. L. Wash
burn, Mrs. Washburn, C. Traeger," Susan Gar
ron, J. D. Will. H. B. M. Miller. G. S. Rob
erts, • O. T. Crosby, - H. P. Wagamore, Miss E.
Kamp, J. W. Anderson, W. W. Beach, TV.
Johnson, M. Johnson, Miss N. Young, Captain
Bettleson, Mrs. Leuman, H. I. Clegg, O. H.
Alleson, M. Abrams, -L. de la Place, J. Beas
ley, Mrs. Beasley, W. M. Schuler, B. A. Jones,
J. Maher, Mrs. C. L^ndberg, R. Koebsch, A.
Liebea, Miss Richardson, Mrs. Turner and
child, Mrs. J. H. Causten, A. H. Simorids, E.
Charles, J. Herbert, G. Raap, M. A. Loosefy,
John Weaver, G. W. Eckstrom, G. Cranfleld,
F. Fahis, F. Jacobson. John Hunt, H. Benson,
C. ¦ Benson. E. : Kaual, C. H. Taylor, N. E.
Swanson, H. Hjelm, J. Hayes, J. Atkinson, C.
King, M. Martin R. O'Brien, K. L. Spanggard,
J. Newberg, C: J. Swanson. John Henry, F.
Kasteen, S. Hanson, C. Anderson, W. Wilson,
J. W. Abrahms, M. Malone, R. C. Raymond,
B. C. ' Bassage, J. Wilson, E. Schmidt, J. Bar
rett. L. Mahlke. G. J. Steinman, R. M. Malaby,
J. Wilson, J. H. Canty. Mrs. Canty, C. Hansen,
S. Swenscn, B. W. Killmer, J. Macken, T. Trit
ton. F. Dite, M. C. Frey, G. A. Pamiska. R.
Skinner, E. C. Cunningham, A. Lannigan. S.
Garrett, T. W. Roe, E. Nightengale, W. B.
Akers, A. Olsen, A. Holmes, C. Carlson, Sam
Hays.
The. St. Paul brought down $1,600,000 in
treasure, nearly all consigned to the
North American Commercial Company
and the Wild Goose Mining and Trading
Company, and the following passengers:
'There are from '¦ 6000 to 8000 men In
Nome who must get out this ¦winter,"
said Captain Hayes yesterday. "There
are not enough vessels on the'run to bring
them air out, and if something is not done
there Is going to be trouble. Men are
offering to work for their board and -will
do anything in order to get away. A few
weeks from now and you will see 1000 of
theso idle men on the beach here and on
the Sound. The ' gold field up there is
patchy, and If a man offered me five acres
of ground to work on shares I wouldn't
take it. We might strike it rich and then
again we might not. ¦ It's a mighty poor
gamble." ' '
The North American Commercial Com
pany's St. Pawl arrived from Nome direct
yesterday. She made one of the quickest
trips, on record, having gone from San
Francisco to Nome, via Unalaska and St.
Michael, and back again in twenty-eight
days. Captain Hayes says the new snow
was on the hills of Nome on 'August XL
The thermometer was then at 36, but later
it warmed up and rain fell. The prospects
were for an early winter, however.
Not Enough Vessels on the
Run to Carry All Who
Want to Leave.
Thousands of Men Anx
ious to Get Away
From the Place.
HARD TIMES
AT CAPE NOME
TUESDAY. AUGUST 27.
Sun rises ........:.......... 5 :S3
Sun sets ..6:47
Moon sets ...........3:09 a. m.
Time Time Time I Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
. L W II W L W H W
27 ..'. 3:22—0.1 10:27 4.9 3:22 2.2 9:31 6.6
28... '4:05—0.1 11:00 ,5.1 4:05 1.8 10:20 5.7
29 ... 4:43 0.0 11:30 5.3 4:54 1.4 11:10 6.7
30... 5:24 0.2 12:00 5.4 6:41 1.0 ...........
H W L W H W L W
31 .. 0:01 5.5 6:05 0.6 12:35 5.5 6:30 0.7
1 ..I 0:56 5.3 6:46 1.0 1:10 5.6 7:20 0.5
:2 ...[ l:56| 5.0| 7:30| 1.5| 1:52 5.7 : 8:16 • 0.3
Steamer. -Destination. [Sails. Pier.
« Amount 27. . . ,¦
Argyll :.. N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm S. W 1
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 7
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 12
Neko S.- Amer *& Europe 12 m Pier 27
Signal Grays & Willapa H 5 pm Pwllst
' • ' AnRast SS.
Gaelic.-... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Coror.a...;... Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier H
San Juan Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Mandalay.... Coquille River...... 5 pm Pier 8
< Ail grunt ISO. -
Ban Pedro.... Humboldt i ; 10 am Pier 8
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. XI am Pier 9
Ann us t 30.
Arcata.. ...... Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Anennt HI.
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 34
Mariposa..... Honolulu .:... .. 2 pm Pier 7
September 1.'
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier U
- • September 2.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Point Arena.. Point Arena ....... 2 pm Pier 2
• September3.\
Guate'mala... Valparaiso & Way. 2 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the ¦ early morning tides are given In. the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except -when there are but three tides, as
sometimes ' occurs. ; The heights given are In
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given . is subtracted I from the depth given by
the charts. . The plane of reference is the mean
of .the lower low waters.-; :*, ' .-. •
Steamer. -; Destination. Sails.
Roanoke........ Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller.;.....: Augr. 27
Al-Ki ::......... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug.2S
Dlrlgo.. .;...... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2S
City of Seattle Skaguay. & Way Ports. Aug. 29
Senator... Nome direct ........v... Aug. 29
Santa Ana..... Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 31
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 2
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Farallon....... Skaguay & Way Port's. Sept. 5
United States Coast i and Geodetic. Survey-
Times . and Heights of High, and' Low
Waters at ¦'• Fort n Point; ,' entrance - to San
¦ ¦: Francisco Bay." Published by. of flcial ' au
»' thority: of the Superintendent. • ¦¦; ¦¦<¦¦¦ ,
NOTE— The > high . and s low . waters . occur ¦ at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. • N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal ¦
August 26. 1901. . Wal ".
•The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at : noon of the 120th meridian, . or • at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. ; ¦ • ¦•- .
; - < ~ C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.,!
The British ship Thalatta, 169 days from
Newcastle, England, and the ¦ Harlech
Castle, 171 days from Antwerp, both of
which made port yesterday, were - close
together nearly all the way, but, strange
to say, the Harlech Castle reports a fair
weather voyage, while the Thalatta ran
-into a terrific hurricane.
On May 10 the Thalatta was hove to un
der lower topsails, while the Harlech Cas
tle was bowling along before an upper
topsail breeze. Finally the Thalatta was
running under bare poles, the lower'top
sails having been blown away, while the
Harlech Oastlo was almost in a dead
calm. The light screens and sidelights
were carried away on the Thalatta, the
ventilators were broken off close to the
deck and the lifeboat was washed out ot
thfe chocks and had 'its back broken. The
pig sty was smashed into atoms and the
porkers had to be taken into the > fore
castle for safety. Oil was used both from
forward and amidship, and after that no
Sad a Close Call.
Beaten by His Son.
George Georgault. an old gray haired
ran ll\Jng at 2123 Mason street, secured a
varrant from Judge Cabanlss yesterday
'or the arrest of his son, Clem Georgault.
in a charge of battery. The old man said
Jiat while at dinner yesterday his son
tailed him offensive names and struck
»im on the face.
Kelly's Case Submitted.
Superior Judge Hebbard has taken
snder advisement the petition of James
Kelly to be reinstated as sergeant of
:>olice. .Kelly was disrated in October,
L8S0, by the Board of Police Commisslon
\r*, then composed of R. P. Hammond,
kebert J. Tobin and William Alvord.
Kelly claims that his disratement was
'.ot in accordance with law. A demurrer,
51rd by City Attorney Lane, was argued
'esterday and submitted for decision.
Low Bates for the Great Sacramento
Fair.
Low excursion rates via Southern Pa
:ific to Sacramento for the State's great
ixhibftion on pale August 31st to Septem
jer Kth. inclusive.. Inquire of nearest
tfent for particulars.
San Jose Arrives.
The Pacific Mail Company's San Jose
arrived from Panama and way ports yes
terday. ' Her cabin passengers were:
Mrs. J. M. Drake and son. J. M. NIcol, Luis
Postorl. Reginald Roberts, V. M. Ramon and
family, J. F. Denham, Anna L. Field, M.
Macay, August Giesler and wife.
Besides these she brought up two steer
age passengers and ten Chinese. The
cargo was very light, there being only
1357 sacks of coffee- aboard. The treasure
brought from Central America Is valued
at $74,211 95. :\~l.
Auditor Files His Objection.
The Election Commission has run foul
3f Auditor Wells In the attempt to pay
D\-ertime to its extra clerks at the rate of
V) cents per hour. The clerks worked Sun-
Says and n'ghts during the last primary
election, and while the Auditor is favor
able to paying the clerks. for overtime he
Insists that the rate should be 41 cents, in
stead of 50 cents. At the meeting of the
Election Commission yesterday 'Auditor
Wells was present and agreed to submit
•o his attorneys a series of questions pre
pared by Commissioner Kellogg with a
Hew to ascertaining whether the clerks
rould be paid b0 cents an hour. The pay
>f the clerks must not exceed $100 per
r.onth according- to the charter.
OAKIiAND, Aug. 25.— The funeral of
Mrs. Sue Virginia Field, widow of the
late Justice Stephen J. Field of the
Unted States Supreme Court, will be held
to-morrow afternoon at 2:15 o'clock,
from Grace Episcopal Church, corner of
California and Stockton streets, San
Francisco. Before the remains are taken
to San Francisco there will be a private
service at the residence of Mrs. George
IV. Whitney, sister of deceased. Mrs*. J.
Condit Smith, another sister of Mrs.
Field, arrived at noon to-day from Wash
ington, D. C, having been summoned
when her relative's condition became
critical.
Jurist's Widow to Be Held at
Grace Church.
Obsequies Over Remains of Deceased
FUNEBAL OF MRS. FIELD
IN SAN FRANCISCO
The schooner Helen N. Kimball was re
ported a total wreck at Fanning Island.
She took supplies there for King Greig
and his colony and was supposed to be
on her way back to San Francisco. Par
ticulars of the disaster had not reached
Honolulu when the ' Hongkong Maru
S \he" schooner Alice Kimball, .that was
wrecked three months ago at Kahulul,
has been got off and towed to Honolulu
for repairs. • : ' v .
Captain Wallace of the Sea King is on
his way to the Sound as second mate of
the ship Emily Reed. He was arrested
for "cruelty on the high seas" as .soon as
the Sea King reached the islands from
Australia. After some delay he was re
leased on bonds, but not before his ship
had sailed without him. Sooner than re
main "on the beach" he accepted a second
mate's job and is now at work on the
Emily Reed.
The Hongkons Maru got .away from
Honolulu early in the morning of August
20, and the Oceanic Company's Mariposa
was to sail that night with the following
passengers:
Mrs. Dinklaze and daughter. A. N. Camp
bell. George N. Wilcox. J. L. McLean, Mrs.
L. B. Kcrr. and daughter. Captain Ryder, F.
J Doyle, , J. -W. Farwell. E. Bird. I. Rosen
bere Mrs. C. C. Von Hamra, A. Young and
wife, A. H. Baldwin. O. P. Jenkins. H. Gor
man C. T. Bird. Lisbon Schweitzer. Edward
Perry. A. Scott and wife. Miss R- M. Kelly,
Mi-s M M. Davis. Mrs. Paymaster Phillips
and daughter. Mrs. Sanvedo. Mr. and Mrs.
Davis W. H. Hoogs and two boys. B.\B.
¦Riiffln'eton II A. Isenberg. Mrs. S. R. Kay,
ftTunke wife and pon; Miss Klllean,
Miss N. Dufncy. Mrs. R. Cowes. a; C. Gehn.
A. A. Braymer.
Passengers Coming by the MaripoF-a.
Wreck of the Helen N. Kimball.
ISLAND SHIPPING NEWS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Ausr 26^-Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Eureka.
Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Pasadena, from Eu
reka. -
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Aug 24— Schr En
dea, for Everett.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 26— Scbr Glendale
from Redondo. „
PORT TO WNSBND— Arrived Auk 25— Schr
Ruth E. Godfrey, from Nome.
PORT CAMBLE— Sailed Aug 26— Tug De
fiance, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 26— Tug Defiance, . hence Aug
20; bark Palmyra, hence Aug 20.
ST. MICHAEL— Arrived July 28— Schr Wil
liam Renton, from "Vancouver, and sailed Aug
3 for Port Townsend. <
In port Ausf 15— Stmr Santa Ana; Br Etmr
Wyeileld; schr Bangor. ¦ • . • .
PORT TOWNSEND-Salled Auff 25-Shlp
Abner Coburn. for Cape Town.
Passed Aug 26— Stmr Dirigo, from Skaguay,
for Seattle. . ¦ ¦ . . . . ¦ . ¦ ¦
GRAYS HA RlSOR— Sailed Aug 24— Schr Ori
ent, for San Pedro.
Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Grace Dollar, . with Etmr
Olympis In tow, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Auk - 26— Tug Defiance,
from Port Gamble; bark Theobald, from Nome.:
Sailed Aug 25— Stmr. Cottage City, for Skag
uay. -
Passed Aug 23, 300 miles off Cape Flattery—
Stmr Jeanie. from Orca, for San Francisco. .
Sailed Aug 28 — Stmr /Excelsior, for Valdez.
Arri\ed Aug 26 — Tug Defiance. ¦ . -
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 25; stmr.' Alliance, from Astoria.
NOME— In port Aug 16— Stmr Senator; stmr
Elmore; stmr. Arctic. -. •'. v ' . . •
UNALASKA— In port Aug 19— H B M S stmr
The schr Helen N. Ktmball, hence May 12,
via Kahulul June 3, .was wrecked, at Fanning
Island. No particulars received. '
MISCELLANEOUS.
Sailing of Br stmr Gaelic has been post
poned until Aug 28 at 1 p. m.
NOTICE.
TELEGRAPHIC. , ''.,-,'J
POINT LOBOS, , Aug 26, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles ifer hour.
- SPOKEN.
No date, lat 27 south. Ion 28 west — Br ship
Forrest Hall, from Portland, Or., for Queens
town.
Ver Hongkong Maru— Aug 15, noon, ¦¦ lat 32 14
N, Ion 171 49 E— Br atmr Coptic, hence Auk 2
for China.
Per Br shiD California— Aug 7, lat 23 30 N,
Ion 131 W, Br bark Savernake, from Valpa
raiso, for San Francisco, 45 days out.
Per stmr St. Paul— Aug 25, lat 42 03 N. Ion
130 02 W, Br bark Baroda, from Callao. for
Portland, Or.
SAILED.
« .- Monday, Aucust 28.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, for Mendoclno.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Iaqua, . Gunderson. Eureka.
Monday, August 26.
U S stmr Warren. Barneson, 3 days from
Seattle.
U S stmr Com. Perry, Failing, 4 days from
Seattle.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 1G hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed. 3 days from Coqullle
River, via Crescent City 36 hours.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, — days from Panama
and -way iwrts.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 18 hours from Usal.
Stmr St. Paul, Hays, 11 days from St. Mich
ael, via Nome 10 days, and Unalaska 7 days.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, 20 days
1 hour: and 34 minutes from Hongkong, via
Yokohama 15 days 8 hours and 4 minutes, . via
Honolulu 5 days 16 hours and 18 minutes.
Ship John Ena, Madsen, 68 days from New
castle, Aus.
Br ship California, Doty, 58 days from Pisa-
BUa.
Br ship Thalatta. Partridge, 189 days from
Lelth, via Newcastle, Eng.. 170 days.
Br shin Harlech .Castle, Evans, 171 days
from Antwerp. . ' .
Ger shin H. F. Glade. Haesloop. 26 days
from Lahaina.
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, 26 day» from
Hilo.
Bark Chas. B. Kenny, Anderson, 33 days
from Honolulu.
Fr bark La Bruyere, Lesage, 150 days from
Newcastle, Enr.
Bktn S. N. Castle, Neillsen, 29 days from
Honolulu.
Schr H. C. Wright, Nielsen, 24 days from
Hana.
Schr Monterey, Panzer. 65 hours .from . Coos
Bay.
Schr Minnie A. Calne, Olsen, 29 days from
Mahukona.
Schr Kate and Anna, Lutjens, from hunting
cruise. ' .
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 6 days from Co
quile River.
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
-David J. Kent.
W. E. Kent, as administrator of the
?Ftcte of David J. Kent, deceased, filed
i libel yesterday in the United States Cir
cuit Court against the Union Transporta
tion Company for $50,000 damages for the
d< ath of David J. Kent.
The complaint recites that on September
14. 1D00, David J. Kent was on the
Mckelumr.e River, on a certain gasoline
aunch ¦which was being towed by another
'.aunch. and at 11 o'clock in the evening
:he steamer Dauntless, the property of
the defendant company, suddenly rounded
i curve in the river and without blow
ing a whistle or giving warning other
wise, ran down the launch in which Kent
«vas and he lost his life in consequence.
The complaint alleges further that the
collision was not caused by any careless
ness on the part of Kent or on the part
Df the persons in charge of the launch
Dauntless which was doing the towing,
rmt that on the contrary it was caused
by the negligence of the parties navlgat
ng the steamboat Dauntless.
The steamer Dauntless was sunk last
ropk by the steamer Mary Garrett in a
:nllision.
Woodworth and Wall are attorneys for
'.he libolant.
Recompense for the Death of
Fifty Thousand Dollars Is Asked as
SUIT TOR DAMAGES
AGAINST A fiTTA-MT.R
In addition to the above the steamer carried
20 cs salmon for Jamaica, valued at $90, and
9 pkgs shells for Germany, valued at $205.
The steamer Argyll cleared Saturday for Pan
ama with a general cargo for New York valued
at $154,063, Including the following merchandise
and produce: 112,426 gals 22 cs wine, 641 bales
cattle hair, 75 cs canned fruits, 28,750 ctls" bar
ley, 60,021 lbs prunes, 150 sks horns, 100,100 lt>s
copper matte, 105 bales scoured wool, 60,754
n>s beans, 93* logs hardwood, 944 bags bone
black, 864 lbs chocolate, 600 lbs tobacco, 20 cs
honey, 33,175 lbs dried peas, 75 bbls red oil.
77 bales herbs, 280,490 lbs asphaltum, 3600 lbs
rice, 138,500 lbs dried hides, 15 cs books, 653
bales junk, 84 sks shells.
Cargo for New York.
Water Front Notes.
Among the sugar fleet the schooner H.
C. Wright made the best run from the
islands. She came from Hana in 24 days.
The bark H. F. Slade came from Lahaina.
in 26 days, the new schooner Minnie A.
Caine from Mahukona in 29 days, the
bark Annie Johnson from Hilo in 26 days
and the bark Charles B. Kenney from
Honolulu in 33 days.
The other arrivals were the John Ena,
69 days from Newcastle. Australia; the
transport Warren from Seattle, and the
French bark La Bruyere, 156 days from
Newcastle, England.
The revenue cutter Perry comes here
from Seattle for an overhauling. .
The ship California is chartered to load
wheat for Europe.
The steamer Jeanie, from Nome, was
spoken S00 miles off Flattery on the 25th
inst.
The schooner William Renton sailed
from St. Michael on August 3.
One of the steerage passengers on the
Hongkong Maru is under the care of the
ship's surgeon suffering from six knife
wounds. Jud-jing from the stories the
steerage of this Japanese steamship is not
a safe place to travel in. The firemen
have been in the habit of using it as a
lounging place, and resented the presence
of passengers. Several of the latter were
women, and when their husbands remon
strated with the firemen for coming Into
the room nearly naked they got angry
and started to run amuck. The white of
ficers attempted to stop the fracas and
succeeded for a time. The row broke out
again, however, and a Spanish steerage
passenger was chased into the main sa
loon, where he fell and was stabbed six
times in the back and thighs before the
infuriated Jap fireman could be seized and
locked up. It is only a few weeks ago
that the chief__engineer of the Nippon
Maru was beateii by his firemen, and he is
still in the hospital.* A Japanese chief en
gineer took the vessel out of San Fran
cisco.
Roar Admiral Beardslee, U. S. N.; Mrs.
Beardslee and maid, A. J. Bowie, F. W.
Brooks, Lieutenant BreithaupU Lieutenant
Itu=se, Cantain Dietel, Lieutenant Von Hagen,
Miss Esther Hawley. Miss Adela Hawley.
Major. Hoffmann, R. C. Heath. Mrs. R. Ker
schon. Lieutenant B. Koethe, Lieutenant Leis
ner,- Louis Shuck. Le? Shee, Louis Moi, Louis
Fong, Louis /. Fa, Louis Y. Lam, Louis Y.
Youn-~. Lieutenant K. Lutz. I. M. IaKO, Y.
Xakajlma, K. Xaoki, Hatsuze Mayesawa,
Iohiko Onuta. Baron Aon Reitzenstein. Major
Von Reppert, Captain H. Richelot. Miss E.
Schwedcrsky, Lieutenant WeKtermeyer, Mrs.
E. C. Whal'en and maid. Mrs. William Whiley,
M. H Cardew. M. B. Garcia, Florlan Glasko,
John M. Manop. S. C. Higgins, Mrs. K. Wada,
E. Ivazaki. Hussein Effendl, Mrs. E. Gaspar
lan, Mukurtloa GasDarian. Aikanush Gaspar
lan, Marie Gasparian, Matriana Gasparian.
The Hongkong Maru, from the Orient,
was detained quite a while in quarantine.
She brought the following cabin passen
gers:
Company's steamship San Jose
was the first to put in an appearance,
and after her came the British ship Tha
latta, from Newcastle, England; the
John Ena, from Newcastle, Australia; the
Harlech Castle, from Antwerp; the
Charles B. Kenney, H. F. Glade, H. C.
Wright and Minnie A. Calne. from the isl
ands; the Hongkong Maru, from the
Orient; the California, from South Amer
ica; the revenue cutter Perry from the
Sound and the Sat. Paul from Nome.
A BIG flest of vessels made port yes
terday. Nearly all of them were
deep water craft and the major
ity made long runs. The Mail
seas broke aboard. In the meantime the
Harlech Castle was having a fair time
of it off the Platte. The Harlech Castle
left Antwerp May 8, while the Thalatta
sailed from the Tyne a day later. Both
captains consider the race a dead heat.
McCarthy's ordinance requiring electric
trolley roads to maintain arc lights at all
street crossings covered by their lines was
referred to the I-ipht Committee.
The ordinance ordering certain street
work on Spear and Stockton streets. Van
Ness avenue. Clay. Washington and
Valencia streets was finally passed.
The ordinance empowering the Mayor
to lease the Sailors* Home ¦was referred
to the City Attorney to determine its le
gality.
The Board of Works was requested to
make an investigation into the matter of
regulating automobiles and the imposition
of an annual license upon the owners of
such vehicles.
The ordinance regulating the speed of
automobiles was finally passed.
The ordinance regulating the Installing
end operating of electrical wires, appli
ances and construction in buildings was
passed to print.
The applications of the National Sport-
Ing Club and the Twentieth Century Ath
letic Club to give boxing exhibitions, re
rpectively. In October and November went
to the Police Committee.
The City Street Improvement Company
was granted an extension of 120 days from
August 23 within which to complete its
contract for grading Trocadero Gulch.
The Board of Works recommended the
extension for the reason that the work
has been delayed on account of labor dif
ficulties. For s. similar reason an exten
sion was granted to the same company to
prave the crossing of Front and Clay
streets.
Disposition of Ordinances.
The resolution declaring the street
sweeping contract of Gray Bros, at an
end for alleged failure to live up to the
specifications and violation of the eight
hour clause In the charter was referred
to the Committee on Judiciary and Streets
after an interchange of compliments be
tween Reed and Braunhart.
The Market Street Railway Company
Hied a statement showing it has 44.29
miles of cable road, 117.96 miles of electric
road. 11.S0 miles of steam road and 4.11
miles of horse road. The total capitaliza
tion is J1S.617.000, and the cost of operation
last year was $3,435,398 16. The dividends
were $«6.S0S ana the surplus $51,117 S2.
The Geary street road also filed a state
ment showing that it has 7.67 miles of ca
ble road, .single track. It has a capitaliza
tion of Jl.000.0O0. Its irross earnings for
1900 were $178,989 63,, and expenses $163,
179 65. leaving a surplus of J15.810 04.
Street Railway Statements.
Comte moved the indlflnlte postpone
ment of the ordinance, because the City
Attorney had filed an opinion that where
the maximum license to be collected on
street cars Is fixed at $15 per annum In the
franchises the Supervisors have not the
power to increase the license tax. Comte
said that the franchises specifying the
license covered the main lines throughout
the city. The. vote on indefinite postpone
ment follows:
Ayes— Boxton. Comte. Connor, Dwyer, Hotal-
Ing, Jennings, Sanderson. Wilson.
Noes— Booth, i? «-andenst«-ln. Braunhart. Cur
tis, McCarthy, Re<d, Tobln.
The proposed ordinance Increasing the
license tax on street cars from 515 to $50
per annum was referred by the Board of
Supervisors yesterday to the Joint Com
minee on License and Judiciary to ascer
tain what street railway lines have in
corporated in their franchise a clause fix
ing the license tax at J15, and what lines
have not.
Inning- on Cleaning
Contract.
Gray Bros. Have . Another
Plea for Defeat of In
crease Made by Sur
per visor Comte.
JUGGLING WITH
CAR LICENSES
THE SAN FKANOISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 2T, 1901.
Firemen Take Possession of the Steerage and Stab a
Passenger Who Makes an Objection.
JAPANESE CREW ON HONGKONG
MARU TRY TO RUN THE SHIP
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.»
jj Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
. , Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All sort* of people use it, all sorts of stores
sell it. rsneciallvdrucsrists. j
PALACE
. ___ These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
ists and travelers ap-
£RANfi predate— central loca-
<3tviU11i t i 0nt liberal manape-
HfVTTSf ment, modern appoint-
UU 1 LXitSj ments and j perfect cui-
, «ine.
San American and Euro-
pean plans.
AMUSEMENTS.
jT*fll flHRftBSIA SAN FRANCISCO'S
bULUmDlA LEADING THEATRE
LAST WEEK OF
DANIEL FROHMAN'S CO.
With HILDA SPONG.
First' time here of the Madison-Square Theater
(N. Y.) Comedy Success,
WHEELS
WITHIN WHEELS.
' >.^ ,By R. C. CARTON.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BEGINMNG NEXT MONDAY
CHARLES FROHMAN will present
ANNIE RUSSELL
In R. Marshall's Comedy of Romance
A ROYAL_FA1VHLY.
SEAT SALS BEGINS NEXT THURSDAY S0BNING
BE2.ASCOa*oTHAIVS*<£xWE?
"^ tttOGt CITY MALI
-TO-NIGHT. —
Every Evening , This Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Magnificent Revival . of the Great , Melodrama.
.;;TWOTORPHANS...
Great Cast— Annette Marshall as Henrlette.
Ppif*CC Evenings 10c. 13c, 25c," 35c. 50c
rjllWC3 Matinees....... ....10c, 15c, 25c
NEXT TUESDAY EVENING,
Initial Production of Edward Eisner's Biblical
"A VOICE FROM^TBE WILDERNESS."
EXHIBITION GROUNDS, T0LS0H AND 16TH STS.
....TO-DAY...:
Thia afternoon at 2, to-night at 8, and every
afternoon and night, unti: Sept. 1 inc. Doors
open at 1 and 8 p.m.
RINGLING BROS.?
NEW, BIG CIRCUS.
Biggest, Grandest and Most Complete Arenlc
Exhibition on Earth'. Magnificent 3- Ring Cir-
cus. Mammoth Menagerie.. Royal Roman
Hippodrome. Tremendous Spectacular Dis-
play. 1000 People. 300 Performers.: 500 Horses.
30 Elephants.- Only Giraffe known to exist.
. Ey General admission. 50c; children under 12
years, - half price. - Reserved numbered seats
and admissions during the entire engagement
at Sherman, Clay - & . Co.'s ! music . warerooms,
cor. >. Kearny and Sutter.- sts., '.at exactly the
same ¦ price as charged at regular ticket wa-
£ons on show , grounds.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
The barber shop In the Carrollton Hotel,
Baltimore, sterilizes everything it uses in
the shop. The sterilizing Is done by heat.
The ' towels, the razors, the . strops, the
soap! the comb3 and brushes are all ster-
ilized before " being used, on a customer.
Where j there' Is no sterilization have the
barber use Newbfo's V Herplclde. , It kills
the dandruff germ," arid it ia an antiseptic
for the scalp . and for .the , face after shav-
ing.", 'All leading, barbers I everywhere ap-
preciate these ' potent facts ¦ about ,' Herpl-
cide,' : . and, they use it. -."Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect." V \
Hotel, Baltimore, Maryland.
A Famous- Shop, in ,the Carrollton
STERILIZED BARBER SHOP.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cuffed by theso
Little Pills.
.They also Telieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonsnie. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
•;jy'» Small Price.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALL THIS WEEK.
MR. JAMES AND THE
lMF^II I NOLL
/ W S * M ikW&W COMPANY.
Presenting: the Clever, Lovely. Charming Com-
v >v ¦¦•". edy.
"ROSEMARY."
Evening .' 23c, 33c. 60c. 73c. $1.00
Saturday Alatlnee 25c, 50c, 75c
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAYS.
25c and 50c
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT!
Tne Brilliant Society ' Drama,
"AIM ID".flL HUSBAND,"
By Oscar 'Wilde.
-¦'-»¦'-¦ SEATS THURSDAT.
30 VAUDEVILLE CELEBRITIES!
NOVELTIES TO BTJBN!
Lucille Saunders, the Great Powell
and His Company, the Cragg Fam-
ily, Richard Jose, the Four Otts,
Iiefebre's Saxophone Quartet, Re-
man: and Eilay and the Biograph.
Last Week of Louise Thorndyks
Boucicault and Company.
Hcserved Seats, 23c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Evenings at 8 Sharp. Matinee at 2 Sharp.
TO-NIGHT. .
Thursday, Sunday Nights and Saturday Mati-
nee, ,
THE GREAT PRODUCTION of the SEASON!
BOITO'S \i \ ;, ';
MEFISTOFELE......
"Wednesday. Friday and Saturday,'
....!L TROYATORE
NEXT "WEEK "NORMA" and "MJGNON"
POPULAR PRICES 25c, BOc and 73o
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Farewell Week of
DANIEL FRAWLE Y AND COMPANY,
IN
LORD AND LADY ALGY.
A Comedy In Three Acts by R. C. Carton.
On Thursday evening- a handsome auto-
graphed souvenir photograph of Daniel Fraw-
ley will be irlven to each lady present.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 28c. 50c, 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees. 23c. \."
Branch Ticket •Office, Emporium.
NEXT WEEK
JOSEPH HAWORTH....IS...."ROSEDALE."
f3a^f H U/VT R K 'A r
TO-NIGHT !
The "World's Most Wonderful Love Story.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
And WHITE WHITTL.ESEY In
Romeo and Juliet
Superbly Mounted! Elegant Costumes!
Powerful Cast!
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY!
Next Week .INGOMAR
Rattle and $or.5E <}[,„. ,
i * -0AIR.Y Contests.
.-^.SlOK BATES W |^g35£
Gjzrrie d Ft* g e. •?
fop> parttEulara WritB
GeoWJackson. "AMpreckelsl
>SEC'TY.. PRE3IOEMT.
FOR MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPIONSfflP
KID CARTER ys. GEORGE GARDNER
: 20 ROUNDS!
KID McFADDEN ys. TOM HERMAN.
15 ROUNDS!
FRIDAY EVENING. August 30,
- - MECHANICS' PAVILION. "
Tj»|QpiIE<T)>O CONCERT HOUSE.
1? lOUnmt O Admission IOc.
The Paloma Quartet, Marietta. Worth and
Co.. Joe Edmunds. Fannie Raymond. Camella
and Araellta. P. A. rninrworth, Coleman and ,
Mexis and Hinrlchs* Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
. ,OPENNIGHTS.
Open daily from ; a. n. to 11 p. o.
Bath Ins from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c CHILDREN. 6c.
i Bathing:, Including edmlalson, 25c. Children, 20c.'The situation remains unchanged," all . fruits
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister-Oranges and cling peaches are
ripening. Crop niedlum» but of good quality.
Hanford — Fruit and grain doing nicely.
ICapa — TIms clear warm weather is of bene
r.t to tlie drying fruit.
San Jose— Fog in the early morning. Mulrs
peaches coming In. Early peaches all over.
Palermo—Olive crop very large in moe^orch
*r<3s and quality good.
Hollister... 88 42 .00 W Clear Light
Hanford 96 C7 .00 N Clear
Napa S3 4C .00 W Clear ..:
San Jose ; S2 49 .00 NW Clear
Jtivereide.. 105.66 .00.
Palermo % 53 .00 N Clear Light
Ventura 75 £7 .00 Clear i>..V.
Santa Maria 76 60 .00 Clear
Cash quotations were as follows: , '.
¦Flour steady; No. 3 spring wheat." CS%c: No.
2 yellow corn. 54%@5Cc; No. 2,oats,"34®3CU:;
Articles— % -« Open. High. Low. Clo3«?.
- 'Wheat No. 1 2—"~
September 70>4- 70% 69% 69»/i
December 72% N 72% 71% 71%
May .......: ¦ 76V4 . 76Vi 75%-. 75%
Corn No. a—., > .<> -¦¦* - . . ¦
September ......... 55^4 55% 53% .53%
December 57% 67% ...65% . 55%
May. 58Vi ' C9',$ 57%. -. 63?i
Oats No. 2— ' -
September ...34 34 33 33Vi
December ...........' 35^4 SoM 34V4 34Vi
May '.... 37% 37% 37 , 37 :
Mess Pork, per barrel— .
September 14 40 14 40 14 33% ' 14 32VJ
October ..".14 45 14 50 14 42^ 14 42Vj
January .:*.15 57VS 15 57^-13 45 15 43
Lard, per 100 pounds — ¦ . ¦ ¦ . - .
September S 93 8 97% 8 92% 8 32%
October ..;... 9 05 9 05 . 9 00 9 00
January 8 82# 8 87% 8 80 8 83
. Short ribs, per 100 pounds— • ¦ ., . /•.. .
September 8 37% -8 42-% 8 37%. 8 42%
October ..; 8 55 8 57% 8 47% 8 47%
January ........ 3 00 8 00 - .7 92%. 7 95 ,
' .2 ,2 5 O » <
STATION'S, llll't SS 1% I
: : a" • a : - ; :.•
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN,
Portland's . Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 26.— Clearings. $403,
787; balances. J54, 175.
Northern Wheat Market
¦ WASHINGTON. ,i - ; ' .' \
TACOMA, Aug.' 26.— Wheat— Quiet ;,Bluestem,
D6@57c. -• '
OREGON. ¦ . ' ' . ' ¦ '
PORTLAND, Aug. 26.— Wheat- Walla Walla.
55%c; Bluestem,' 56'^c. V J ¦ . .
. . , ¦ • '.-.'. . . >
LONDON, Aug. 2G.— Consols, ,84%: Silver,
fe6 5-16d ; French rentes. lOlf 65c ; wheat ' car
goes on passage, quiet . and -steady; Walla
Walla. 29s 3d ; English country markets, \ quiet
and steady; Imports! into United Kingdom,
wheat, 478,000; flour. 213,000; wheat and 'flour on
passage to United Kingdom. 2,690,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent. 2,230,000.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 26.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California,. 63ig)6s:l%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; '' French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, showery. , -.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 l-16d.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, steady, £3
@£3 10s. ...'.. ¦ •; .
Foreign Markets.
."WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over West
ern Oregon and Washington, and also In North
ern Arizona; elsewhere wcm of the Rocky
Mountains fair weather prevails. Light rain is
reported from Northern Arizona.
The pressure has risen over the northwestern
portion of the country and fallen along the
California coast.
The temperature has fallen over Washington
«.nd Oregon and risen In Central California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
bourn ending midnight August 27:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday.; continued
warm; light northwest wind. ?
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; continued
varm; light west wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday: light west wind.
San Franclsoo and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
fresh northwest wind.
E2 degrees.
Temperature 7 a. m
CITRUS FKUITS^-Oranges. tl'5O?i4; Lemons."
$1@2 25 for. -common and J2 50©3 50- for good
to choice: Grape Fruit, 50c,<ff*l 50; Mexican
Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas. 75c@$2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@5 per dozen. .
PEARS— Bartletts. $1@1 25 per. box for No. .1,
65@S5c for No. 2 and $30@40. per ton; other
Pears. 2.V<+ ."Oc per box. • .
QUINCES — r,0e per box.
STRAWBERRIES-J6B7 per chest for Long
worths and $4(!?5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES-$2(S4 per chest.' i V. •"-
1 ' LOGAN BERRIES— $5©6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4<5S -per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6Ci)Sc per lb. .
FIGS— Black, 50c@?l -for double ' layer boxes;
White, 75c.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 25@50c per box: Canta
loupes, 23^750 per crate; .Watermelons, $5@J0
per 100. -- --V'- '-. ¦ ¦
. -GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweet water, 30
<!JGOc per box and crate; Tokay, 50JJ75C per box:
Muscat, f»0(f?75c; Seedless. 83c@$l 15; Black, 40
©73s: iEabella, r ; Wine" Grapes, $25@33 per
ton for Silnfandcl.
PEACHES— 2T.@60c per box and $20@30 per
ton for frees and 540&45 for Clings; Peaches in
carriers, 40(7i65c, according to size • of carrier;
Mountain Peaches. £(i@'75c per box.
NECTARINES— White. 40@30c per box; Red,
40ff?'7oc.
APPLES — 7nc@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35® 65c for ordinary.,
CRABAP.PLES— 50&75c per box. according to
package. ~ " • -. - ¦-. .¦'.-• «'• ¦
PLUMS— S0@60c per box; -Prunes,- 35@75c per
crate; 'Washington Gages, $20 per ton; Egg
Plums. = $ir.<fri20 per ton..
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The tendency in Grapes >Is toward lower
prices, as receipts continue to increase slowly.
The j arrival of the San Jose ~with 547 boxes
of Mexican Limes broke the market to $4@4 50.
There was nothing new in tree fruits except
that possibly the scarcity of good, sound
Peaches and Pears was more pronounced. Both
were firm. Plums were in sufficient but not
excessive supply, and went off < fairly.
There are still plenty of- Cantaloupes and
Nutmegs offering at about last week's prices.
The sunny ~ weather is favorable to "Water
melons. , . ¦-.-'. ¦ • •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
GRAND HOTEL.
H E Myers. Redding
H Clark. Redding
F Morris. Oakland
F Wilson. S Jose
B W Gunzberg
J Montgomery, Chlco
H P Mason, Bakersfld
E G Lewis. Manila
Miss E Beatty, Sacto
D E Crutcher, Cal
Mrs A W Field. Cal
C Summer & w. Seattle
F J HelU. L Ang
W Worthing. Stockton
M M Gillesple. L Ang
G R Richard. Carson
H Gray, w & s. Ky
Mrs Clawson ¦& s, Ariz
J La M'Werta. Phila
A A'B Schunk. Phila
F Farrell. Cal
M Martlney, Cal
C A Harris. Tucson
F H Latham. Iowa
C Campbell. Stockton
F Barenchl. Vallejo
Miss Barenchl. "Vallejo
W A Sleep. Grass Val
C Laurltzen. Hollister
J Watson & w. N Y
V W Brown & w. Cal
A J Larson. Lodl
F M Brooks. Wash
C P McComb, Duluth
E D Carr. Chicago
F B Daley. S Bernardo
C Bailey & w. Redid*
G Maher. Fresno
A C Helm & w. Cal
H Reardon. Aiameda
M Carter. L Ang
Mrs Howard. Alaska
S Hirst. Vallejo
E Randall, w & c. Cal
Mlsa Smyth, S Lorenza
O B Dearka. Cal
K O Raff. Cal
G Lansran. Livermor©
J H Batcher. Sacto
G B Hyatt. Stockton
C M Palmer. Butte
O A Steffa. Pomona
F B King. Pomona
H E Bard, N Y
W Eastman. Hollister
C D Roberts, S Rosa
J Browning. Nebr
S Frankenman. Sanger
PALACE HOTEL.
P C Mitchell. Sydney
T A- Clayton. Wash
A Hexter & w. Cal
H Isaacs. N Y
E R Rawle. Phila
J R Williams, Phila
S Rosenfeld. Portland,
C. Ingersoll. Ashlind '
Mrs Duncan. Cal
T Flint Jr. S Juan
C SHent. L An?
J Hamlyn. Oroville
II Dater. S Barb
J D Carr. Salinas
G J Coleman. L Ansj .
C Hawe. N Y
D B Campbell. NY
AV Sherman. P.ilt Lake
H C Moore S Jose
G T Ford. NY J
Mrs McBean. N Y
A L Crowder, Spokans
3 W Ludlow. Chicago
C Pearsall. Eureka
E H Scott. Chicago
0 T Crosby. Wash
H Waterman. Wash
Miss E Camp, Wash
G O Mackay. N Y
S Morrison. Salt Lake-
J Sparks Reno
.T W Taylor. El Paso
S Rosenbaum. Stocktn
L H Dieu. Germany
Mrs T Dieu. Germany
F Dieu. Germany
Dr. Rabenluhner. Ger
A J Dibblee & «v. Ro«»
1 Nelson & w, Wood Id
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Cottpn closed firm,
steady; prices. 11@19 points . higher.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In 'store and afloat on
Saturday, August 24, as compiled by the . New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
* .' Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat .26,007,000 ....... . 763.0CO
Corn 12,203,000 ......: 578,000
Oats 5.S14.00O .367,000 • .'.
Kye 10,622.000 127,000
Barley 317,000V 85,000
Visible Grain Supply.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77% 7SVi|I'ort Costa en e-
Marln County. 53 - . i Spring Valley. 85% %>
GAS AND ELECTRIC. "
Cent L & P... 4 — |Pac Light "... — 47
Equitable ..... » 5% Sacramento
Mutual ". '.. 5V4 5?» S F G & E ''Tart
Oakland ....... 31% 52 San Francisco! 4«-~4V.
Pac Gas Imp.— 43 Stktn G &E 8 **-***
INSURANCE. , "' ~"
Flrem's Fund. — -247 > . .
BANKS." '
AnElo-Cal. .... - 81 ] L P & a 133 , i M
California-.... -. 406 Mer Ex Mlq) 7u!'
.^it^t£S:Jg ..= i S F^»onaU27%l5
Bld.Ask. I Bid.Ask
43 quar coup...H3> .113%!4s quar (new). 137^138
4s quar reg.. ..113 113% 3s quar coup..l08Vi —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 107 — Oceanic SS 5s. — 103
Cal-st 5s 117 — . Omnibus C 6s.. 130 —
C C Water 5s. 107% — Pac G Imp 4s. 98 10O
Ed L .& P 6s.l2S%133% Pk & Cl H 6s.lOS 112U
Fer &. Cl R 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s.U7 _
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s 120
H C & S 5%s.lO6^i — Sac E G R 5s. 93 —
Do 53 — — S F & SJV 5s 123 —
Los Ang R 5S.U6 117 Sierra Cal 63 — • — "'
L A Light 6s.l01U — S P of A 6s V
Do gntd 6S..10O — (1909) U'Ji —
Do gntd 5s. .102 — (1910) 1131? _,
L A & Pac 5s.lO2Vi — S :> of C 63 '
Do 1 c m 5s. — '>— (1903). Ser A.1C9 110
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27%129 | -(lSOS)! Ser B 110 _
Do 1 c m 5S.124U — j (19C6) 11231
Nev C N G 73.105 114 (1912) ....... 121^121
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — IS P of Cal 1st
Do 5s ...110%121%| c. gntd 5s... 107 _
Nor Pac C 6a.l01Vi - S P Br Cal 6s.l38 _
Do SB...™... .106*4 — S V Water 6s. 114 _
Nor Cal R_5s.lU.- — Do 4s.... ioV _
Oak Gas 5s..'.:il3 — | Do 4s 3d m"lfllT4 _
Do Trans Cs.ll9U120 Stktn Gas 6s 104 I'
Do Water 5s. 102*4102% I ¦ 0! >--^ —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAY. Aug. 26—2 p. m.
STOCK ; AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Imperial Oil Company. Kern County, has
levied an assessment of 2c- per share, delinquent
September 19, sale day October 7.
There was more business on the Bond Ex
change in the afternoon. Paauhau sold down
to $12 75 and Spring Valley Water fell back
to $S6.
Stocks ex-dividend yesterday were: Geary
Street Railroad, 50c: Makawell Sugar, 40c.
Century OH Company assessment No. -4, of
5c per share, was delinquent August 24.
Prosperity . Oil Company assessment No. 1
of 5c per share was delinquent August 26.
Roberts Oil Company assessment No. 1 of
3c per share was delinquent August 24.
Business was remarkably dull on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, only three
stocks being dealt in. Spring Valley 'Water
was higher at $S6 25 and Giant Powder at J76.
The oil stocks yere very active, led by Pe
troleum Cejnter, which, sold at 5@6c, 32,800
shares changing hands. Home also sold brisk
ly at $3 85@4. and Reed advanced to 40c.
Astoria 30.16 €2 £2 S Cloudy 01
Baker 29.96 78 52 NW Clear .00
Careen 29.96 SO 46 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.12 ES 52 N Cloudy 00
Fresno 29.S2 96 64 NW Clear • 00
Flagstaff 30.04 82 VI NW Cloudy .01
Pocatello, Idaho.. .29.76 &6 70 W Clear .16
Independence 23. €8 84 64 SE Clear .00
Ixjs Angeles 29.7? 96 62 SW Clear .00
>»hoenix 29.68 110 t>0 VV Clear' 00
Portland 30.14 76 56 NW Cloudy .00
lied Bluff 29.88 94 60 SE Clear .0C
Itcweburg 30.06 76 48 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.8S 88 56 NW Clear .00
EaltLake.., 74 O0
San Francisco 29.86 €0 52 SW Clear .00
Kan Luifi Obispo... 23. SS 92 «t W Clear 00
San Diego 29.84 78 66 SW Clear .On
Seattle 30.11 60 64 SE Cloudy C4
Fpckane 29.96 74 62 SW Pt Cldy .00
NeahBay 30.14 60 54 W Cloudy T
Walla Walla 30.00 76 ~G2 SW Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca 29.88 82 46 W Clear .Otf
Yuma 29.66 110 78 SW Clear .00
STATION* \| Jfllfg! ;V&; I
The steamer Mandalay arrived with over 1000
packages of Butter, consisting oX 810 boxes*and
200 kegs. This tended to make the market top
heavy, and no further advance was reported.
In fact; dealers said that they could buy at
slight concessions. Cheese remained firm.
Eggs, like Butter, lacked the firmness of
last week, and some dealers reported accumula
ting stocks, though others quoted a firm mar
ket. The price has got to a point where the
retail demand suffers some check.
Receipts were- 27,100 pounds of Butter, 511
cases of.Eggs,/545 cases of Eastern Egg3, 6700
pounds of California Cheese and pounds of
Eastern Cheese. '
BUTTER — Creamery. 26@27c per lb for fancy
and 25c for seconds: dairy. -lS@24c: store But
ter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18(g'20c;
Pickled Roll, 17@19c; Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE — New,' lie; old,-, nominal; Young
America, ll%c per lb:> Eastern. I3@15c. •
• EGGS — Ranch. 24i?27%c for good to fancy;
store, 17@22c per dozen; Eastern, 16@21c. •
Butter; Cheese mid Eggs.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Owing to the Increase
in the amount of arrivals. of tin the local mar
ket eased off 37% points to-day and was weak
In tone, closing weak at . $26 62%@26 87%. 'In
London, however, tin was dull and unchanged
at £116 10s and futures closed at £111 lCs. Cop
per in New York was dull and nominally un
changed at $16 50017 for Lake Superior and
$16 37%@16 62% for casting and electrolytic.
London prices were 5c lower with spot quoted
at £66 17s 6d and- futures at £67 5s. . Lead in
London was Is 3d higher, with spot quoted at
£11 12s 6d. The local market was very quiet
and unchanged at $4 37%.- .Spelter ruled rather
quiet but steady, at unchanged prices, closing
at $4. There was a loss of 2s 6d noted In the
London market under liquidation, spot closing
at £17. Domestic iron markets ruled feature
less and nominally unchanged. Pig iron war
rants, $9@10; No. 1 foundry. Northern. $13@
15 50; No. 2 foundry, Soutnern. $14@14 50; No.
1 foundry. Southern, $14 75@15 25; No. 1 foun
dry, Southern, soft, $14 75@15 23. Glasgow war
rants closed at 53s 6d and Mlddlesboro at
45s 4%d.
Neiv York Metal Market.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.'.... 8,1141 Wool, bales 247
Oats, ctls 9C0J
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST 26.
Flour, qr sks 35.627 IVffddlings. sks .. 490
Wheat, ctls 8.245 Hay. tons 67S
Barley, ctls 9,450 Straw, tons 20
Oats, ctl3 7, ISO Wool, bales 206
Corn, ctls 150 Shorts, sks 25
Tallow, ctls .... 225 Hides. No 501
Rye ctls 5S0 Pelts, bdls 4,4s 1 ?
Sugar, ctls 1,220 Quicksilver. ¦ flsks . 30
Beans, sks S2ii Leather rolls .... 54
Potatoes, sks ... 9,C2f. Wine, pals .'. JO, 400
Bran, sks '.. 4,073ILime. bbls 182
Receipts of Produce.
Boston, 74-68; Cincinnati, 84-6$; Jacksonville,
90-74; Kansas City. 71-C2; Philadelphia, 86-68;
"Washington, S-62; New York, 80-70.
Eureka, 68; Mount Tamalpais, 76; Independ
ence, S4; Red Bluff, 94. Fresno, 96; Los An
geles, 66; Sacramento, £8; San Luis Obispo, 32;
San Diego. 78.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60: minimum. 60; mean, 55.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported from Eastern cities:
. (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 26—5 p. m.
Th* following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Weather Report.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— A lack of outside de
mand and weak cables, together wlthjlberal
receipts in the Northwest, developed weakness
in wheat. Liverpool quotations were a trifla
higher - before the opening here and buyers
derived some encouragement from this . fact.
There were a few early sales made at Satur
day's closing prices and. in one or two cases
buyers were willing to pay a shade , bettor.
Good crop prospects with -big receipts in the
Northwest, together with the decline In corn,
however, quickly brought about a decline and
the market ruled -weak throughout the day.
September opened unchanged to %c higher at
70^i@70 1 /4c, but the initial figures were the high
price of the day as prices quickly receded and
continued to decline until the. close, which
was at a loss of %c at 69>,ic, the low point...
Corn was dull throughout the entire session.
Favorable forage weather with large receipts
were the bear factors. September closed at
53%c, a decline of l%c.
Oats were quiet. The tone was weak in sym
pathy with corn. September ! closed with a
loss of %c at 33V£c. ¦ . •
' Provisions opened firm on higher prices tor
hogs and if any support had been received
from the grain market prices might have con
tinued strong, as there was a good demand by
commission-houses. As it was provisions closed
strong compared 'with grains, January pork
showing a decline of 7%c, lard 2%c lower and
ribs 5c decline. - :
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain and Produce.
Out of "town orders for desirable grades of
evaporated apples were fairly numerous to-day,
and prices are held above quoted basis with
firm undertone predominating. State, common
to good, 5@7c; prime, 7%@8c;. v choice, 8%c;
fancy, 9c. California dried fruits ruled inactive
{.nd barely steady. Prunes— 3%@7c. Apricots-
Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8@8%c. Peaches-
Peeled, ll®18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS,
BUTTER— Receipts, 9953 packages: steady;
State dairy. M® 13c: creamery, . 16@20c; June
packed, factory, 14%@15%c.| ' .
EGGS — Receipts. 9556 packages; firm; West
ern candled, 17@17%c; uncandled, 14@17c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 235,000 bushels; exports,
395.0C0 bushels; spot easier; No. 2.red, 76%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 75c elevator; No. 1 north
ern Duluth, 77Hc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 83%c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady on Liverpool cables, but turned weak
under light Northwest receipts and liquidation.
A midday rally on the visible supply decrease
was followed by ¦ renewed unloading, and
the decline . in the afternoon was helped by
light export Inquiry. Closed ; weak at 1 cent
net decline. September. 75^4@76Vic, closed 75'4c-
October, 75%@75 13-16c, closed 75%c; December.
77(?78c, closed 77c.
Wool— Dull.
HOPS— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll%c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3%@
3 7-16c; centrifugal. S6 test, 4c; Molasses sugar.
3 5-J2e. Refined quiet.
* 2 *
NEW YORK, Aug. 26. -FLOUR— Receipts, 28,
000; exports, 23.000. Quiet and unchanged.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1 23; Hare $lffp
125; Rabbits. $150 for Cottontail and $l@l 23
tor Brush.
A car of Eastern Poultry sold as follows:
Hens, $5@5 50; old Roosters. $4 50(35; Fryers
$5 50; Broilers, $3@4; Ducks, $3 50; Geese, $150;
Pigeons, $1 75.
POtfLTRY— Live Turfceys, 8@9c for Gobblers
and 10@12c for Hens: Geese, per pair. $1 '5«
1 50; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks. $2 5O@3 for
old and $3@4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50®5; young
Roosters, $5<g6 50; old Roosters, $3 50@4 50; Fry
ers, M 50; Broilers, $3 50@4 for large and $2®3
for small: Pigeons, $1 23@1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
Good sound Game will bring the quotations,
but tainted stock will not. ¦ :¦ ...
Poultry 1 and Game.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— COFFEE— Futures
closed 5 points lower to 5 points higher, with
the undertone steady. Total sales were 25,000
bags, including September at $4 S0@4 85; Octo
ber, $4 85@4 90; January. $5 15; February, $5 25;
May. $5 45@5 50; June, $5 55; July, $5 60.
New York Coffee Market.
MONDAY, Aug. 28-4 pi m.
Bld.Ask. I Bid A«lr
Alpha —03 'Justice .7 M 05
AJta 03 05IKentucfc _ <£
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash.... 01 —
Belcher 04 OS.Mexican 12 13
Best & Belcher 09 10 'occidental C2 0.1
Bullion 01 02 Ophir 77 7«
Caledonia ...... 13 21 lOverman CS 03
Chalenge Con.. 24 25|p 0 tosl 03 K
Chollar 04 05 IPavage 05 07
Confidence 95 1 00 j Scorpion - 04
Con Cal & Va..l SO 1 85'seg Belcher.... - 01
Con Imperial... - 01 Sierra Nevada. IS 17
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 30 22
Crown Point .. 03 06,'st Louis 06 -
Kureka Con ... 13 -Standard -3 30
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 09 10 Union Con 10 11
Hae & Norc... 22 24 Utah 04 o£
Julla- •• — 0-j'Yellow Jacket.. 22 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
300 Best & Belcher 09 5C0 Mexican ..., 13
3C0 Best & Belcher 10 400 Ophlr .. 7?
200 Challenge Con. 23 200 Sierra Nevada! n
200 Challenge Con. 24 200 Silver Hill 32
222 £ on Cal & Va " 1 80 3C0 Yellow Jacket.. 22
2C0 Crown Point... 05 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 0»| 20© Ophlr . Tl
!™ £ e ?V, & Belch er 10 500 Savage ..'.""" m
}?? ££ le ,? onia 'A— 20 20° Sierra Nevada. 16
300MexS e .. C f. n : g 500 Yellow Jacket.. ~
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the Paclfle
Stock Exchange yesterday:
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ""
Morning Session. > »
4C0 Best & Belcher Ol 300 Gould & Curry Id
3C0 Best & Belcher 11 300 Mexican vt
100 Caledonia 22 200 Ophlr " 77
50 Caledonia 23 100 Sierra Nevada" 13
SCO Challenge 23 200 Sierra Nevada. 1+
100 Confidence 9.=> 500 Yellow Jacket.. 23
200 Gould & Curry 03
Afternoon Session.
SCO Andes v 02, 200 Challenge 21
1C0 Belcher 04 200 Mexican 13
ICO Best & Belcher 10 200 Savage o»
200 Caledonia 20| 200 Yellow Jacket.. °2
MINING STOCKS.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 26.— Cattle— Receipts,
260O. Steady to strong. Natives, $3@4 80: cows
and heifers, $3@4 75; bulls and stags, $2@4 80;
stockers and feeders. $2*g4: veals. $2 25@2 t5.
Hogs— Receipts, 2S00. Light and light mixed,
$5 85116 20; medium and heavy, $6 10@6 35; pigs,
$3(?t4 15; bulk, $6@6 15.
Sheep— Receipts, 4235. Market steady.
ST. JOSEPH
-Hors— Receipts ' to-day, 32,000; to-morrow,
22.000; left over (estimated), 3500. Active, 10c
higher. Top, $6 50; mixed and butchers, $3 "5<<t
6 40; good to choice heavy, $5 90® 6 50; rough
heavy, $5 70<§'5 85; light, $5 70@6 25; bulk of
sales, $6(36 257
Sheep — Receipts. 20,000; 10c higher. Lambs. 10
<!J20c higher. Good to' choice wethers, S3 25(f?>
4; fair to choice mixed, $3<i?3 40; Western
sheep, $3@3 90; yearlings, $3 25® 4: native
lambs, $3@5 25; Western lambs, $3 90@5 10.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— Cattle— Receipts, 22.000.
including 600 Texans and 385 Western. Good
to choice strong; others steady to slow. Butch
ers stock firml Texans . strong. Westerns
slow. Good to prime steers. $5 30@6 30: poor
to medium. $3 eOiga 25; stockers and feeders,
steady/ $3 25<dA 25; cows, $2 40(Jz4 30; canners,
slow, $125(52 65; bulls, 'choice higher, others
slow, $2 25<ft4 35; calves, steady, $t 30<S5; Texans
F.trong, steady, $3<S5; Texas, strong, steers,
$4@5; Texas grass steers, $3 40@3 75; Western
steers, $3 75@4 So.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Aug. 26.— Anaconda. 9%; Atchison,
S2; Canadian Pacific. 114%; D. & R. G., 46*
do pfd., 96%; Northern Pacific pfd., 100%;
Southern Pacific, 61%; Union Pacific pfd., 93.
Bar silver, steady, 26 15-16d per ounce.
Money, 1@1% per cent.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was brisker to-day on an
accumulation of orders over the holiday.
American stocks were most active~and opened
above parity. They improved all day and
closed at the top. There was a fair amount
of activity, but mainly of a professional na
ture. Atchison and_Erie were most prominent:
Silver looks like relapsing.
London Market.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l%J?2c; String
Beans, l«?3c; Llmas, 2<g3c; Cabbage, 55i860c
per Ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 30@COc: from
Alamcda. 50@75c; Dried Peppers. 10@12Vic-
Green Okra, 40@65c per box: Carrots, 25<fi35c
per sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 25<S35c; Pickles," 1» 4
«t/l%c per lb for small and lc for large; Garlic.
2@3c: Green Peppers. 23@40c per box for Chile
and 25<g5Cc for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@50c per box:
Green Corn, 40@75c per sack; Aiameda, 73c@*l
per crate: Berkeley, 40@75c; Summer Squash,
large boxes, 25,(§3Oc; New Marrowfat Squash,
nominal. . ,
Receipts of Onions are also running large,
but the 'market rules steady.
Changes in Vegetables are too slight tb\call
for especial mention.
POTATOES— $1 20(51 40 in sacks and $1 33@1 65
in boxes for Burbanks. $1®1 15 for Garnet
Chiles and $1 25 for Early Rose; Salinas Bur
banks, $1 40@l 60; Sweets. $1 for Rivers and
$1 25® 1 40 for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, 85c(g$l per ctl; Pickle On
ions, &0(S85c per ctl.
Although receipts of Potatoes are increasing
and are now running heavy, dealers continue
to report a maintained market, with a con
tinued demand for shipment. Yesterday's arri
vals were 10.2S8 sks, of which 9 cars were
from Salinas. These are the heaviest receipts
of the season. The Weather Bureau reports
the Washington crop greatly reduced . by dry
weather. Sweet Potatoes are again lower and
in good supply. - ,
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
LUCOL — Is now quoted at 62c per gallon for
raw and 64c for boiled, in barrels. Cases, 5c
more.
Cubes. Crushed and fine Crushed, 5.30c: Pow
dered, 5.15c: Candy Granulated. 5.15c; Dry
Granulated, 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.05c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated. 4.95c; Mag
nolia A, 4.65c; Extra C. 4.53c; Golden C, 4.45c;
barrels. 10c more: half-barrel3. 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-Ib bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels. 5.55c: boxes. 5.80c cer lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c: Extra Star. 23c: Elaine. 24c: Eocene. 21c:
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c; ' in
cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases. 20c;
S6-de«?re-? Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
¦ OILS — California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $122; Linseed Oil. in -barrels, boiled.'
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. SOc; cases. 85c: China
Nut. 55<572c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, C7%c; cases, 72%c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale- Oil. natural white, 4O@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels. 37%c; cases. 42%c./^
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. J14: Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 4>
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand. • ¦
GRAIN BAGS — Grain Bags are a fraction off
again. Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%@7%c; local
make. Vac less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 32®
33c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c: Fruit Bags,. 5%
for cotton and 8%ig8%c for jute.
General Merchandise.
NEW. YORK, Aug. 26.— Close: Money on
call fcteady at 2%@3 per cent; last loan, 2%
per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4%@5% per
cent. Sterling exchange, fairly steady, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 86% for
demand and at $4 84% for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 85% and $4 88. Commercial bills,
$4 83%@4 84Vi. Bar silver, 58%c. Mexican dol
lars. 45%c. Government bonds, firm; State
bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, firm.
Nezu York Money Market.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull , and • featureless at un
changed prices.
9. BEANS— Bayos. $2.60@2 75; Small White, $1 85
©5; Large White, ?4@4 25; Pink. $2 30@2 40;
ReU, $3ig3 75; Blackeye. $3 50: Llmas, $6 4036 50;
Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 23@2 50; Canary, 3',i
@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 1%
@2V4c: Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Miles. $1 65 per ctl.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 ibs and under. 6%c;
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars. 50 per cent oft and stags. 40
per cent off from the above quotations: dressed
Hogs. 7%@9%c.
LaMB — 8@9c per lb.
Thesjocal packers say that they are getting
all the Hogs they want at the quotations.
Other mpats are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb for
cows. -
. VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7® 8c; Ewes. 7@7%c per
pound.
San Francisco' Meat Market.
"Some interest is noted In new crop nuts.
California almonds are reported meeting with
fair sale et 15c for Nonpareil and 13c for I.
X. L. and Ne Plus Ultra. The commission
house handling California almonds reports that
it has no more Ne Plus Ultras to offer at pres
ent. Sicily ehelled almonds. 1901 crop, are re
ported offered from the other side at prices
?equivalent to 20<§20%c. laid down here, and
some business is understood to have been done.
It Is not believed, however, that buying has
been very extensive as yet. New Jordans are
offered by local Importers at the equivalent of
about 3Sc delivered. These goods, it is under
stood, have been bought by the importers at
the equivalent of about 36%, laid down in this
market." - .
"The apple market Is very strong and ex
cited, ae a result of th continued urgent de
mand from the West. Sales of a number of
cars of prime are reported at S%c to exporters.
Sellers who offered new apples eeveral days
ago are now buyers of old at 8%c Fancy and
choice apples are scarce and low grades have
t#«n cleaned up by the unprecedented Western
demand. Chops and waste are active, sales of
etrictly prime goods - being reported at 2c.
Holders now a£k 2V*c. Raspberries are very
firm at 13%@24c. • • •
"New choice Royal apricots are reported of
fered at S%©9%c in bags, t. o. b. coast, with
only moderate buyinc
"Raisins are firmer. Three-crown loose cold
y*rsterday at 6%c. with not many on the spot
available at that price. Two-crown are virt
ually out of the market. London layers are
firmer,' Eales of 3-crown being reported at $1 60.
"Prunes are firmer on the Epot, leading
holders asking about \i.c higher. On the coast
the association is offering sizes from 50s to
Sus at a IliC basis, but offers no other sizes.
Some packers are out of 50-*6Os. Prices on new
prunes are expected momentarily. The general
opinion In the local trade is that the basis
¦Rill be about 3%c for the four sizes, with a
premium on the small sizes. At that figure,
•with all the indications for as large, if not
larger, a proportion of outsiders as last year,
the present outlook is for a very Blow buying
movement.
Mall advices from New York say: "Currants
axe rather firmer, both on the spot and for
futures. Rains In Greece within the past few
days, cables report, will cause some delay In
making the first shipments of the new crop.
According to one cable received yesterday by
a. leading importer there will be no shipment
from the primary market to this country before
September 5. As the local trade has bought a
fair quantity of currants for August shipment
this would be considerable of a hardship to
eome buyers. However, the report that there
-would be no vessel for America before Septem
ber 5 was not generally credited, though It was
believed there would be some delay in ship
ping. On the spot good Amalias are held at
8c and some business was reported at 9%c.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Hay is still quoted quiet and weak. There
were 35 cars on - the tracks. There Is no fur
ther change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— J20@21 per ton. . x '
MIDDLINGS— S22@23 per ton. '
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill,$25@26; jobbing
$2G E0; Cocoanut Cake. $17@1S; Corn Meal, $32i*
S3: Cracked Corn. $32 50@33 50; Mixed Feed J17
@is. - — - -• ¦ •
HAY — Wheat, $7@9 50; choice, $10®10 50-
Wheat and Oat. $6 50@9; Oat. $6@8 50; Barley
and'Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa. $8 50@10 50; Clover, $5 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 E0@5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26. — The stock market
had a more thorough test to-day than at any
time since the rise in prices set in. The re
sult was not altogether conclusive. The out
side demand for stocks was considerably aug
mented, "as was expected, a. sustained advance
for two weeks and an evident growth of in
terest and Increasing tendency to buy stocks
may always^ be depended on , to produce this
result. Equally a matter of course is the
tendency of the professional traders, who have
been accumulating stocks and carefully nurs
ing the market during the rise, to Include their
holdings on this outside buying, so as to make
sure of a portion of their profits. This process
was very obviously going on during the first
hour of the market to-day, which . was the
most active of the day. Some recession in
prices resulted, but the market on the whole
took the realizing very well and -no serious In
roads were made upon prices. Afterward there
were new advances here and the rest of the
market gave the appearance generally of being
still in the control of the bulls. Buying de
mand, however, became languid and then al
most torpid, and the market proved easily vul
nerable to attack by the professional bears.
In the last hour prices were quite generally
below Saturday's level. A substantial rally
followed, but this again proved somewhat
short-lived, and the closing was Irregular and
quite active with speculative sentiment man
ifestly much unsettled. There were various
favorable factors which aided the bulls in
opening prices higher. The failure of the steel
workers in South Chicago to .strike and the
reports of a conciliatory attempt by the strikers
themselves at a settlement affected not only
the steel stocks, but the whole market. The
rise cf United States Steel in the final deal
ings of 1V4 over Saturday was effective in
checking the raid of the bears. London led
off with good buying of Americans after its
Saturday's holiday. Rumors were rife of com
ing definite announcement of plans growing
out of the Northern Pacific settlement. The
approaching September advance in the price
of anthracite helped the coalers and the Eries
were also affected by the reported acquisition
of the Cincinnati, -Hamilton and Dayton. The
reaction was due to the apprehension that
money was destined to work closer from this
time on. It was feared also that the large in
terests who have been fostering the rising
have taken this opportunity to realize on Sat
urday and this morning and would retire from
the market until- the autumn demands for
money are satisfactory. London has grown
optimistic and expects easy money through the
fall, but the expectation Is based on the hope
that New York will not draw gold and take
no action on the rumored Russian loan at Paris.
Railroad bonds showed a considerable In
crease in activity. Gains were somewhat af
fected by the late reaction in stocks. Total
sales. $2,590,000.- • •
United States new 4s advanced hi per cent
on the last call.
% NEW YORK STOCK LIST..
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 33,600 80% 79 SO
Atchison pfd 5,100 99»,4 9814 98%
Baltimore & Ohio 3,500 105V4 104 104^t
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 200 94H »4% 94
Canadian Pacific 3,500 112% 112 112V4
Canada Southern 600 71 70% 69
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,000 47% 47 47U
Chicago & Alton 2,700 41^4 40# 40?*
Chicago & Alton pfd.... -503 78 4 . 78 78
Chicago, Ind & L 1,300 39^4 39 S3
Chicago Iml & L pfd < 71>£
Chicago & Eastern 111 127
Chicago & G W 1,800 23% 22»i 22%
Chicago & G W A pfd.. 100 84% 84% 84
Chicago & G \V B pfd 47Vi
Chicago & Northwestern 195
Chicago R I & P 3,100 146% 143% 145
Chicago Term & Trans. 1,900 22% 22 22
Chicago T & T pfd 2,000 42% 42>4 42V4
C C C & St Louis 500 90% 90 - 89»fc
Colorado Southern 9.100 15% I5>4 15%
Colorado So 1st pfd... 3,530 58 57»4 51%
Colorado So 2d pfd 200 26% '26V6 26%
Delaware & Hudson.... 2,101 170 1694 168^
Delaware L & W 500 230 230 229
Denver & Rio Grande. 700 45% 43 45»4
Denver & Rio G pfd.. 1,100 94% 93% 33 ii
Erie : 65,900 43% 42% 43
Erie 1st pfd 18,900 72 7076 7Ui
Erie 2d pfd 14,700 59 57 - . 58
Great Northern pfd 1,900 188 187 187 1 ,*-
Hocking Valley 100 53% 53% 53H
Hocking Valley pfd 76»i
Illinois Central 3,300 148 146% 147%
Iowa Central 400 S9% 39% 33
Iowa Central pfd 1,700 76»4 75% 75
Lake Erie & Western.. 2.000 .C6 62% 65-
Lake Erie & W pfd 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 7,000 105% 105 103Vi
Manhattan L 5.800 121% 120U 120%
Metropolitan St Ry 1,000 170 169 169
Mexican Central 203 26 25% 23%
Mexican National 6,000 12% 11% 12
Minneapolis & St Louis. 300 108% 107% 107.%
Missouri Pacific 6,500 108% 107% lOSVi*
Missouri Kansas & T... 1,100 28% 28 28%
Missouri K & T pfd 1,200 37%, 57 67»i
New Jersey Central 100 163 ' 165 164
New York Central 1,200 156- 155 l ,i 133%
Norfolk & Western.... 16,890 57% 56% 56%
Norfolk & Western pfd- 88
Northern Pacific pfd.... 500 98 97%' 98
Ontario & Western 13,100'-36%- 36. 36%
Pennsylvania 18.600 148 147 147%
Reading 27,300 45% 44«i 45T4
Reading 1st pfd 4,600 78 77% 77%
Reading 2d pfd 15,400 56V 56 56Vi
St Louis & S F 1,000 43% 42% 43
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 80
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 400 63 ¦ 69 ¦ „ 63%
St Louis Southwestern.. 200 32% 32 31»*-
St L Southwestern pfd. 300 64% 64 63%
St Paul 22,600 168 16C«i 167%
St Paul pfd 200 189 1S9 188
Southern Pacific 84.100 S1% 60 61%
Southern Railway 37.900 34'^ 33% 33%
Southern Railway pfd.. 3.590 88% 88- 88V4
Texas & Pacific 4,800 45Vi 44% 44%
Toledo St Louis & W.. 200 22% 22% ' 22V;
Toledo St L & W pfd.. 400 35% 33% 33U
Union Pacific ....... 42,900 104% 103% 104%
UnWa Pacific pfd....... 1,800 91% 91 91%
Wabash 9,100 23%. 22% 23
Wabash pfd ;..."...'..... 15,400 42 41Vi 41%
Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 400 13% 19 13U
W & Lake Erie 2d pfd. ..... 32%
Wisconsin Central 900 21% 21% 21
Wis Central pfd. 2C0 43% 43 43
P C C & St Louis .... 75
Erpress companies —
Adame .... .... 175
American : -191
United States 88
Wells-Fargo ' 160
Miscellaneous— . »
Amalgamated Copper..'. 34,900 122% 120% 121%
Am- Car & Foundry 3,900 31% 31»4 31%
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 1,600 87>4, 87 / 87%
Am . Linseed - Oil - ....23
Am Linseed Oil pfd 6,100 61% "61% 61%
Am' Smelt & Refln 14,200 55% . 53% 51
Am Smelt & Ttefln pfd. . . 700 101% 101 100
Am Tobacco : TOO 135% 135% 135%
Anaconda Mining Co... 6.400 • 4S% 47% 47%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7,100 ' 77% 76% 76%
Colorado Fuel -&. Iron.. ' 800 98 97% 97ii
Consolidated Gas 6,900 229% 227 227%
Continental Tobacco 300 68 67% 67%
Continental Tobacco pfd us
General Electric ,100 265 265 265
Glucose Sugar • -5714
Hocking Coal : 200 21 21 ]9
International Paper ....2,900 25% 25* 25%
International Paper pfd 1,600 78% 78 - 78%
International Power.... 400 92% 92 92V4
¦Laclede Gas ¦ - 92
National Biscuit .—.... .200 44% 44% 44 '
National Lead ........ 21
National Salt..".......... ..... -42%
National Salt pfd.. 100 70% '76%.'76-
North, American;..; 3,600 103% 101% 103 ;
Paclflc Coast ........... 100 68% 68% -: ,67 .
Nrdu York Stock Market.
Ventura— Revised estimate county honey, 125
tons. . • ¦ , • - i-
Santa Maria — Some pears being, shipped to
city canneries.. Beans beginning to ripen in
upper valley.
G. H. WILLSON, Assistant Section Director.
The London Grocers' ¦ Gazette of August 10
t*ys: Salmon— The holidays have somewhat
affected the market for canned goods gen
erally this week, and in this article there has
not been much doing, but prices remain un
sltered. In Liverpool there has been a 'large
consumptive demand for all kinds and great
quantities are going into the country. The
lower prices seem to have induced large sales.
Fi-uits — The fact that the prices for the new
reason's goods are higher than those at pres
ent ruling on the market Is apparently causing
more Inquiry for California fruits on the spot
and prices keep firm.
Fruits and Salmon in England.
- FLOUR-^California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, *2 50@2 75 . per barrel for family and
$2 75® 3 for bakers';. Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. '•."-::./¦;' •¦¦¦,•.¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount ' to the trade: Graham
Flour 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, ?7: Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, ?4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 33;
in sacks. $6 50@8: Pearl Barley. J5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
For new Hops 12@15c is being named, with
buyers unwilling to go over 14V$c Few If any
sales are reported. • . .
Wool. is kept well cleaned up and the feel-
Ing, is firm. ¦*¦* .
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IV2C under quotations. Heavy salted
Steeis, lOV^c; medium, 954c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
6V>c; Salted Kip. 9%c: Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, 16@16^c: Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c;. Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool, 30@50c each; medium, 50@75c; long
Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50®
1' 75 lor large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 50®
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry. Jl 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25
lor small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red s-klns, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c;
winter or thin skins, 20c.. Goatskins— Prlm»
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. , 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1300 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14@15'/4c: do Lambs", lie per, lb;
Middle County, defective, - 8@10c; Southern
free, 7 months, 7@10c; do. defective, 7 months,
7Q8c; Oregon Valley fine, 14@15c: do, medium
and coarse, ll@13c: Oregon, Eastern, choice, 11
fa 13c: do. fair to good, 9@llc: Nevada. 10@ll%c.
Fall — San Joaquin. 6V4@8'/2C; San Joaquin
Lambs', 714(530. * • ' .
HOPS— New, 12@15c per lb.
Hides, TalloiVj Wool and Hups.
CHICAGO. Aug. 26.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Malaga, 45c@
$1 50, average $1 C7 single crates: Malaga (clus
ters), $1 45'Sl 70, average $1 60 single crates.
Peaches — Sal way," 30ig55c. average 38c boxes;
Crawford, 40® 70c, average 61c boxes; Mc-
Devitts, 35@60c. average 53c boxes. Pears—
Bartlett. ¦ $1 65@2 60. average $2 22. Nine cars
sold to-day. . ¦
Car from Sacramento: Peaches— Late Craw
ford, average, $1 15 boxes; Susquehanna, aver
age $105 boxes; Orange eling, average $115
boxes. Plums — Yellow Egg. average 60c single
crates; Kelsey Japan, average ?1 60 single
crates; Victoria, 90c@$l 05, average 93c single
crates. Prunes— Gros, $1 25@1 35. average $1 30
single crates: Silver, average. $1 55 single
crates: Fellenberg, average $1 55 single crates;
Hungarian, $1 40@l 55, average $1 54 single
crates. Pears — Bartlett, average $2 55 boxes,
half-boxes, average $1 50; Seckles, $1 10@l 70.
average $1 49 boxes; Beurre Clairgeau, average
$2 20 boxes. Gross sale, $1395. ¦
Car from Winters: Peaches — Orange cling, 75®
SCc. average 78c boxes. Twelve cars sold. '
Car from Hookston: Plums — Kelsey Japan,
average $1 25, . single crates. Pears — Bartlett,
$2 60@2 S3, average $2 66, boxes. Gross sale,
$1270.
Car from San Jose— Prunes, $1 lo@l 30, aver
age $1 20. single crates; German, tl 55, average
$1'52, single crates; Silver, -average $1 15, single
crates; Bulgarian, average Sac. single crates;
Giant, average $110, single . crates. . Plums—
Kelsey Japan, 65c@$l 10. average 75c, single
crates; Yellow Egg, 60c@$l 15, average 95c, sin
gle crates; Columbia. 50(gSCc, average 60c, sin
gle crates: Purple Duane, average 75c, single
crates; Wickson, ,30@75c, average 60c; single
crates: -Victoria; average 90c, singlp crates;
Bradshaw, average 70c, single crates; Quacken
boss, $1 30©l 50, : average i $1 36, single crates;
Magnum Bonum, average $1 10. single crates;
McLaughlin, average tl 05, single crates;
mixed, average $1, single crates. Gross sales,
$960.
Car from Hemme: Plums— Yellow Egg. av
erage 35c single crates. Prunes — Fellenberg,
average $1 15 single crates. Pears — Bartletts,
S3 40@>2 85. average $2 61 boxes; 80c@$l 20, av
erage $116 half -boxes. Gross sales, $1090.-
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartlett, $1 03-y>
3 30, average, $2 65 boxes ; $1 30@l 60, average
$1.52% half-boxes. Grapes— Tokays, $1 60@2 20,
average $1 92 single crates ; Malagas. $1 50@l 6u,
average ?1 54 single crates. • Peaches— Sal ways,
average 80c boxes ? Yellow Cling, average $1
boxes; McDevitt's Clings, 35c@$l 15, average
$106 boxes; Lemon Ciing/ $1 15@1 20, average
$1 14 boxes ; Late Crawf ords. 60@83c, average 63c
boxes. Plums — Yellow Egg. 53c@$l 30, average.
71c single crates; Bradshaws, 50@60c, average
53c single crates; Jefferson, 50c@$l, average »3c
single crates; Quackenboss, 40c@$l 30, average
63c single crates ; Kelseys. 75c(j}$l 70, average
$1 06 single crates. Prunes — Gros, 75c@$l BO,
average $1 33 single crates; German, $1 20fo;l 55.
average $1 43 single crates; Hungarian, ?1 20®
1 55. average $1 33 single crates.
Porter Bros. Company sales. Car from Va
caville: Nectarines— Average, $2 10 half-box,
$1 25 single crates. Pears— Bartletts. $2 53<iP
3 10. average $2 91 boxes. Grapes— Tokay, $1 70
@2 25, average $2 02 single crates. Gross salts,
$1510. , ¦:.; V ¦
738,100 Shares sold. '
BOSTON STOCKS AND. BONDS. .
Money— |West End 96U
Call loans 3}i@4V4 Westing Elec...... TO'i
Time loans 4@3 BonUs
Stocks— Atchison *s 7 .102
A.? & S F SO N E G & C 5s 6%V-
Do prefd 98% Mining Shares-
Amer Suear I36?i Adventure 27}i
Amer Telephone... 164 Binsi^im Min Co.. 43 "
Boston & Albany. 256 Amal Couuor J22\<.
Boston & Maine. .193'/« Atlantic .; «7 '
Dominion Coal ... 39 " Calmut & Hecla...74O
Do prefd H5',i Centennial 29
u S Steel 41V' Franklin 18VJ
Do orefd 93 Humboldt 25
Fitchburg prefd. ..143 Osceola 100'i
Gen Electric 264^ Parrot 62^
Ed Elec III.: 240 Quincy 174
Mexican Central... 23hi Santa Fe Copper., m
N E Gas & Coke.. 7 Tamarack 34S
Old Colony 203 Utah Mining 30
Old Dominion 34 Winona 4?i
Rubber 20 Wolverines- 85 .
Union Pacific. 104>4
. ' MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ........ 73 Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 9 25
Breece 1 4U Ophir 70
Brunswick Con.... OS Phoenix > 08'
Comstock Tunnel.. C6 Potcsi :.'. i'.... 03
Con Cal & Va 17 Savage 03
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada 09
Horn Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 30
Iron Silver .... ... . 55 Standard . .' 3 00
Leadville Con C6
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts 105^i
reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s.... 129 .
do coup 107% North Pac 3s ...... 72
do 3s reg 10SV4 do 4s 104Vi
do coup .....IO814 N Y C & St L 4s. 106%
do new 4s refc...l37} 4 Norf & W.con 4s..lO2H
do coup 137V4 Or Nav lsts 110
do old 4s reg. ...113 ' do 4s 103
do coup 113 Or S Line 6s 12s=i
do 5s reg 107& do con 5s .117
do coup ...10;^ Reading gen 4s .. 95^4
DIst of Col 3.65s... 124 RGW lsts.. 101V4
Atchison gen 4s ..103 r u St L & I M con 5s. 117
do adj 4s 97»,i St L & S F gen 6s.l26^
Can South 2ds ....109^ St Paul cons ..1S4
Ches & Ohio 4»4s..lO6 St P C & Pac lsts. 115
do 5s 120 do 5s 11C%
Chi & N W con 7s. 137 South Pac 4s 92^
do S F deb 5s 123U South Ry 5s 118
Chi Term 4s 94% S Rope & T 6s 66
Colo South 4s ..... SS Tex & Pac lsts...llS%
D & R G 4s 101% do 2ds 98Vb
Erie gen 4s 88V2 Union Pac 4s 103
Ft W & D C lsts.. 105% Wabash lsts 119
Gen Elec 5s 200 do 2ds lioy.
Iowa Cent lsts ...115V5 West Shore 4s ....113^
L & Nash uni 4s..l01Vi Wls Cent 4s SSU
M K & T 2ds S2H Va Centuries 91%
do 4s 9S?i
* : r— :*
; >. ••:¦¦ LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 "V> 5 9^*
Closing -. 57' 5 S%
PARIS. '..
Wheat— . - '- • Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening ..2155 22 45
Closing ..........'........... 2155 22 45
: Flour— ' . i •
Opening 27 40 28 53
Closing 27 40 ' 28 55
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1SSO 1900 Sav & Loan... - -
SSSTSE-S = u^ttusV.:^ -
SanFranclsco.^^-^^^^
California .130 - .081^* K.... 40 -
Market"...'..... 76% 77 I
POWDER.
Giant 75% 77 IVigorit 3% -
SUGAR. ~
Han , i 6% Kllauea 11% 12*4
Hawaiian .. - 50 Makawell 25 ZPfr
S't IMS - Onomea S -
iStrtSSon"." 13% WS. Paauhau Vf& 12T4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska. Fack..l2S%123V4 Oceanic S Co.. — -
Cal Fruit Can. 95 97 Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cat Wine Asn. 95 100 Pac C Borax.l6o -
Mer Ex U0 — Par Paint .... 16 -
Morning Session.
10 Glan" Powder Con J8 00
200 Hutchinson S P Co « ?»
S Spring Valley Water 58 2»
. Afternoon Session.
V $50OO Bay Counties Power Co 6s .106 75
$1000 Oakland Water 5 M3 oO
50 Oceanic S S Co f W
10 Paauhau S P Co J3 CO
Gas & Electric Co. s 90 40 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 CO
12000 S P Of Arizona (1910) 113 3.^
50 Spring Valley Water 86 -o
25 Spring Valley Water - 86 UV 2
10 Spring "Vfalley Water 86 00
25 Vigorit Powder 3 3.' 3
S5 Vlgorlt Powder •«^
BAN FRANCISCO Oil* EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board — „
600 Junction • "
ICOOLlon , l "
100 Home Oil : -, * So
100 Monte Crlsto • 5 — •• ; «o
lOOMonte Cristo ..'. •— •• * \i
500 Sterling * *>
lOOO Reed Crude ..^^~~~... 3>>
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHAXGB^
, " Mornins Session.
Board
500 Bear Flag J»
1300 California Standard 27
100 Caribou 63
ECO Giant . «>
125 Home Oil * 0»
450 Home Oil 3 9o
100 Home Oil. s 60 3 ?3
100 Home Oil 3 90
200 Independence 14
1000 Junction 31
10O Junction , 33
250 Junction ! • 32
2C0 Lloa 12
,10 Los Angeles O & T 2 0O
100 Monarch of Arizona 33 !
10O Oil City Petroleum 29
26,500 Petroleum Center 05
6300 Petroleum Center **>
1600 Reed Crude 40
500 Reed Crude, s ;1O 33
200 Sovereign 40
150 Sterling 1 62«i
200 Sterling 160
50 Twenty-Eight 1 50
Street— ¦- <L
3300 Petroleum Center 05
7500 Petroleum Center C«
1000 Junction 30
% Hanford 121 0O
ICO Monte Crlsto „ 2 0«
100 Home Oil .• 3 91
200 Caribou 63
* Afternoon Session.
Board-
SCO Caribou TO-"
850 Home Oil 3 90
100 Home Oil, s 60 3 90
200 Home Oil, s 90 3 85
100 Home Oil, s 60 3 85
100 Home Oil 3 95
500 Junction 33
ICO Lion 12
100 Monte Crlsto 2 on
5 Peerless 5 75
3C00 Petroleum Center ...:.v. 05'
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev.... J 50
100 Sovereign 35 •-
600 Sovereign 37
250 Sovereign 38
200 Sterling 1 $<>
• 100 Sterling \ 571^
Sterling Exchange a fraction lower and Sik'/r a fraction higher.
Grain Bags slightly off again.
Wheat and Barley dull and easy.
Oats in heavier receipt and much quieter..
Corn and Rye unchanged and dull.
Hvy and Fccdstuffs as previously quoted.
Beans very dull. Seeds featureless. •
Potatoes firm in spite of heavy receipts. Onions ditto.
Nothing new in Vegetables.
Heavy arrivals in northern Butter.
Eggs hardly as firm. Cheese keeps up.
Mexican Limes broke under fresh arrivals.
Good Peaches and Bartlett Pears in demand.
Continued keen inquiry for Dried Fruits.
Provisions steady at previom prices.
Prices for new Hops being established. Wool- firm.
Nothing new in 'the Meat market. \
Oil stocks firm and very active. Local stocks dull.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Buttei
market was dull. Creameries l4^20c; Dairies
13@17c. Cheese, firm, 9?i@10%c. Eggs/ steady
fresh. 13V.@14c-
P»<y.? C . 2.600 42% 41% 42
ple ' sG f s •••••• 6,000.113% 112 112%
Pressed Steel. Car 100 43 43 42U
Pressed Steel Car pfd... ....."' g>i]
Pullman Palace Car "'" 'ns
Republic Steel 5.800 21% 26% "21
Republic. Steel pfd 3.700 76Vi 75 73«,i
Te nn Coal & Iron ...... 4,400 "6SU 67 67H
Un on Bag & Paper Co. 600 18 I 17% 15
Union Bag & P Co pfd 73^
United States Leather.. 4.500 1414 13*4 13T«
United States Leath pfd 3.100 S3Vi -82% S2?4
United States Rubber.. 700 21* 20V. 20
United Ftates Rub pfd. 500 60 59 58
United States Steel .... 66,700 45% 44% 45%
United States Steel pfd 21 600 95# 944 93 5
Western Union 900 93% 93V6 93Vs
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. •
Flour, • barrels .. . 2' 000 . -7,000
Wheat bushels ..252,000 198,000
Corn, bushels ......; ...301,000 374,000
Oats,. bushels ........;... 371,000 .109,000
Rye, bushels ..." .9.000, " - ......V
Barley, bushels ........ 48,000 '..:.¦¦¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
4001) ctls. $1 01%.
Second Session — No sales. .
Regular . Morning Session — May — 4000 ctls,
$1 05>4; 2000/1105%.
Afternoon Session— December— 11,000 ctls,
$1 01U; 6000,^ $1 01%. May— 16,000, $1 05. .
BARLEY— Beyond a slight weakness in spot
feed there is nothing new. . -
Feed. 73%c for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77>,i@S5c: Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
j CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Are duller and weaker,, and sellers
are now dispesed to give concessions to effect
sales, «as the jpurehasing to fill the Government
contracts has been finished, and the local de
mand has also been largely satisfied, and "re
ceipts are large. - Thoje yesterday were 8220
ctls, of which 7320 were from the lower coast.
Prices show no decline, however.. Grays arc
selling to arrive ¦- at $1 10@l 20. whites are
quoted at $1 15@1 35, Black $1@1 10 and Red
$1 05@l 20 per ctl.
¦ CORN— Liquidation continues at Chicago, and
the market there is lower. This market, con
tinues dull and nominal.
Small round Yellow, ¦ $1 75; Eastern Yellow,
$1 65; White, $1 75@1 80 per ctl; mixed, $1 65.
j RYE— 75@77 1 ,fcc per ctl. . ¦ •
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands."*
¦ "WHEAT— Beth foreign and domestic mar
kets were dull and featcreless. . Chicago feil
off about a ; cent. St. Louis bulls continued
to let go. Free selling on stop orders was
the rule. New York reported 20 loads taken
for • export. • \
The American visible supply decreased 763,000
bushels. The world's shipments for the week
were as follows, in quarters: RuEsian, 192,000;
Danubian, 77,000; Argentine, 58,000; Indian, 72,
000: Australian, 22,000.
This market was dull and unchanged. ...
Spot Wheat— Shipping, '97%c; milling, > $1®
1 02V£ per ctl. . ¦ , ¦ -.-. .
Wheat and Other Grains.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Sterling Exchange, sight.......... — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight....... — . IVi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Sliver,. per ounce .. .' — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.... ....47 <8> 47%
No. 2 white, 36%@38%c; No. 3 white. 36%@36%c;
No. 2 rye. 55@>5o 1 / &c ; fair to phoice malting bar
ley. 5D@63c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 48 ; No.- 1 North
western, $1 51; prime timothy seed, $3 50; mess
pork. per:barrel $14 35@li 40; lard, "per 100
pounds, $S 92%<g8 95;- shore ribs sides (loose).
$8 25<gS 45; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 7Vi<§>
.7%c; short clear sides (box»d), $S 80@8 90; whis
ky, basis of high wines. $1 29; clover, contract
grade, $10@10 25. -\: .
LARD—^Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half-barrels, pure.
ll«4c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins, U%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9Vic: one tierce, 9Uc; two tierces.
9c; five tierces. 8 Tic per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugai -cured Hams, I4@14%c; California Hams,
IZVte; Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12;
Family, $12 50; prime - Mess Pork. $15; extra
clear/ J23; Mess. |19; Smoked Beef. 14c- per lb.
There is nothing new. Lard rules firm at the
recent advance.
BEESWAX-25@2Sc per 1b.
Provisions.
being in keen demand at firm Prices. ™s Is
the best all around dried fruit ™f rlcet f^ at _Z^
have had for some years. Prices for ne w
Prunes have' not yet been definite :ly fixed,
though there are some sales at the quotations
b 'A»te. are getting excited in New Tork, as
will be seen In the first column, and dealers
who sold new, a few days ago are now buyers
¦° FRUITS-Apricots, 8@10c for Royals andj®
14%c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 7%@8%c; sundried. *®*%» c '
Peaches, 6@ 8c; Pears. 5%@9c; Plums oitted. 4
@5Hc; unfitted, l@2c; Nectarines. 6<S«4cfor
red and 6@6%c for white; Figs, 3'Ac forblaek.
PRUNES— Old crop, are quoted by the asso«
elation on the basis of 3'.ic for the four sizes
Some sales of new crop on the basis of 3^i©J^sC
are being made outside of the association.
RAISINS-Are cleaned up a ? d J 1 "™" 1 *^,,,,,..
• NUTS-Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12tfc:
No. 2, 83S%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c: No. 2.
6%@7%c; Almonds. 13@14c for papershell 10W
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell : Pea
nuts, £@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10@
12e for light amber: water white extracted. G%
@«c; light amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark, i&
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALIiT" TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, l»01.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET:
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and ¦¦ Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.!..'..'. — . ¦ $1 SoVi '
Dried Fruits, Nuts and. Raisins.
8
New York Grain and Produce.
Marked item In the Huckleberry Valley
Journal -of Progress:
"Born. In -the family of the editor, last
Wednesday, triplets. . Editors of Bugg-
ville papers please copy."
Involuntary exclamation of the editor of
the Buggville Argus, on seeing the item:
"Heaven > forbid '"—Topeka Journal.
AUCTION SALES
"special auction sale
irv-j. AT £vf 5S.
H BRANDENSTEIN'S STABLE3.
11 a_ m.
I will sell all of the Horses, Buggies. Harness,
etc.. in the above f*g^ Auctl oneer.
Office. 327 Sixth «C
xt ATrrnO^ TUESDAY. August 27, stables
at 1140 Foisomf I will »ell all styles, of .Horses.
Ttuiilea WaSons Surreys. Carts and Harness.
Buggies, wagons. | WATKIN g^ Auctioneer.Our Nation's Wealth.
Gold and silver are poured abundantly lnt«
the lap of the nation, but our material wealth
and strength Is rather In Iron, the most useful
of all metals, just as the wealth of a human
being lies In a useful stomach. If you hav»
overworked yours until it is disabled, try Hos
tetter's Stomach Bitters. It will relieve the
clogged bowels. Improve the appetite and cum
constipation, dyspepsia, biliousness, liver and
kidney disease.
Sugar and tobacco imports yield reve
nue to this country of $70,000,000 a year.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.-Judge F. B. O?
den resumed the bench to-day for .tho
first t.ime after his recent serious illness".
He has now almost fully recovered, iv
Judge Ogden Resumes Duties.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.— Marriage licenses
were issued to-day to St. Charles Foltz.
aged 46, and Mrs. Jeanette Michael. S-V
both of San Francisco: John N. Chain. 23.
San Francisco, and Fannie M. Squires,
23, Nebraska.
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Caspar "Wemmer.
an Eighth-street saloonman, filed suit for
divorce to-day. from Louise "Wemmer, al-»
leging cruelty as his grounds far action.
She is his second wife, and he claims that
her actions have caused him great mental
anguish. Max Drussel wants a divorce
from his wife, Maud Sadie, because sh*»
deserted him. Jaunlta M. Gerber seeks
a divorce on the ground of extreme cru
elty from her husband. Samuel Gerber.
Saloon Man Says Wife Abused Him.
Dr. Sanborn felt that the case shoulrt
be reported to the Coroner, which was
done, and he held an autopsy this evcr
ing. He found that death had resulted
from a rupture of a blood vessel in the
abdomen, there being no apparent reason
for the sudden rupture.
Miss McConnell had a great many
friends in West Oakland, where she hart!
lived for a number of years.
Death came to Miss Maggie McConnell
to-day as she was returning from an aft
ernoon drive. Miss McConnell resided at
919 Center street in West Oakland. She
went to visit some friends yesterday, anct
In the afternoon they brought her homo
in a buggy in order that she might have
pleasure of a little outing.
She stepped into the house. ' seemingly
well and happy. She had not complained
of feeling ill, but while she was taklntc
oft her wraps she suddenly fainted. Tn«
family thought it was a simple faint and;
tried the usual remedies, but without
avail. She grew worse and Dr. Sanborn
was summoned. Before night she died.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 26.
Miss. Maggie McConnelL
Is Stricken After . :
9» XuiClG.
DEATH FOLLOWS
UPON PLEASURE
There are a number of promising can
didates for track honors, and the fleM '
day of this season promises to be a rec
ord-breaking one. Track work has not be
gun as yet, but the Athletic Association
is looking about for material with which
to maintain the standing of the college,
in this line.
The handball contest has been started,
and the members are all interested. The 1
faculty has offered a medal for the win
ner of this- tournament, it being the pol
icy of the faculty to encourage athletia
contests of all kinds.
The officers of the Athletic Association
for the coming year are:' President,
James P. Towey. '02: vice president,
Charles A. Ryan. '03; secretary, Franci*
P. de Leon. '03; treasurer. Fred W. Fay.
'03; track captain, William A. Grow. '04.
BERLIN. Aug. 28.— Staff Surgeon Coler
is dead, He was an honorary, professor
of the University of Berlin. ,/
Staff : Surgeon Coler.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Fred 6. Scott, a
Pullman car porter, who - fired a.ehot at
Harry WilP§n, an Eleventh-Btreet barber,
has been held in$2000 ball for examin
ation In the Police Court," set for Thurs
day. Scott was arraigned to-day.
Pistol User Scott : Arraigned.
OAKLAND, Aug. Sfl.^A' light engine- of
tho Southern .Paolflo Company left ¦ the
traek thla ¦ morning ; . at - the Harrlson-
Btraet • drawbridge: -approach ' , at • First
street, ; The Alameda -broad-gauge local
train service .was Interrupted -for two
hours. - No . damage,' except ; lo the derail
ing i switch, occurred, r. .. ¦/¦:-;
Engine Jumps Tracki
MEMPHIS, ; Tenn., Aug.. 26.—Tipton
ville, the county seat of Lake": County,
was to-day almost entirely destroyed by
lire for the second time this year. The
loEB.ls less than $12,000. Nearly the en
tire town was burned March 19. All the
houses burned to-day were I new ones
erected in the burned district/
Fire Again Visits Tiptonville.
Pr. "W. A. L. Knowleg, /W. P. "Woolsey j
C. Wilder. W. ' T. " Barnett, Captain J. ' r
MorrlBon, Robert Orelg. W. A, Ristenpart W*
A. Oompertz, , B. K. Underwood, J. t Donal
hur and Charles Bledenbach. . President Dr
.W. A.' I*"'' Knowles; ¦ vice president, \V ¦ p'
Woolfiey; secretary, C. S. Merrill; -treasurer
Francle Ferrler.
' , The club is made up of prominent busi
ness and -professional men. who reside In
this city. ¦ . . -. ;_r>' .-,¦ :¦,..-. ..'»¦.•
BERKELEY, Aug. 2«.— The Union Club
of this c}ty . a men's social organization
met last night and Incorporated under tho
laws of the State. The -following named
directors were elected:.
Union Club Incorporates.
Lawson, the owner, has : reiterated his
statement that after , September 3 the
yacht will be broken up.' He is to have
her sailed -September 2 In Boston harbor
to give Bostonlans a chance to see her
and then she will go to the Junk heap
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. 26.-The yacht
Independence will leave Newport to-mor
row in tow for -Boston. - ; -i
Yacht Will Go to Junk Heap.
SEATTLE, Aug. 26.— Emmet M. Nea
lond must serve the term for which he
has been enlisted in the United States
navy. Brought before the Federal court
to-day on his own application on a writ
of habeas corpus young Nealond was un
able to substantiate by any evidence his
claim that he had been coerced into on-
Hstment. much less the allegation In his
complaint that he had been kidnaped from
Portland at the instigation of his father
to prevent his marriage. Judge 'Hanford
ruled that the • enlistment was valid and
that Nealond must remain In the service.
Must Serve Time in Navy.
NEW; YORK, Aug. 26.— The Shamrock
II, with Sir Thomas Llptpn aM Designer
"Watson on board,.- went outside Sandy
Hook to-day for a trial sail. There was a
good wind blowing.
The Shamrock II, after a light weather
sail stretching, spin of six hours, returned
to her mooring in Sandy Hook Bay at 4:35
p. ¦ m. During the: day five • jib topsails
were tried. The last one. was a beautiful
ballooner of light white linen and silk.
The Shamrock, accompanied by the steam
yfcht Erin, .sailed to a point about two
miles, east of the Sandy Hook lightship
and turned back. . It was almost a flat
calm for three hours. ..Then a light, breeze
from the , southeast came along,': which
gave the yacht a chance to maneuver.
Sir Thomas Lipton, George L. "Watson and
G. B. Hilyard ,were on board the chal
lenger during her. trial. \
BRISTOL, R. I.', Aug. 26.— The 'Constitu
tion . came up from Newport this after
noon beating under mainsail, club topsail,
fore staysail and jib, as far as Sandy
Point , light, ¦ for the purpose of enabling
the designer, who was en : board,: to see
what changes aloft were hecessary before
she entered the ! trial races next Saturday
over the Brcntons Reof course. The wind
was light and when abreast of Sandy
Pc.int the craft was taken 'to her anchor
agH In tow. i ". • .: ¦"•-"_¦ r " .",
= .; The Constitution will ¦ be taken -out on
the marine railway to-morrow. Then the
underbody la to be brightened up, the top
sidee painted and many, small matters at
tended to. '.. " :•/-,¦ . ¦
"Watson on Beard the
Challenger. .
Sir Thomas Lipton and Designer
SHAMROCK II HAS A .
SAIL. STRETCHING SPIN
Four children survive Mr. Lynch. They
are Mrs. Eber of San Leandro, Dr "W F
Lynch of Elmhurst. O. J. Lynch of Sari
leandro and H. W. Lynch, principal of
the Centerville Grammar School. :
Mr. Lynch was born seventv-four years
ago in Pennsylvania on a farm, eight
miles from the site of the Battle of Get
tysburg. He was denied all the ordinary
educational advangtages, but by hard
¦work managed to earn enough money to
take a course In the College of the Holy
Ctoss in Maryland. He was of a studious
mind and essentially a self-made man
"When he grew to manhood he went to
Ohio, where he taught In the schools.
There he married Miss Rachael Jackson
In 1864 Mr. Lynch came West with liis
family to Carson City, Nev. In Carson
City he was ordained Into the Presbyte
rian ministry. Me preached then in his
own city, Washoe and Ophir.
Oakland became the home of Mr. Lynch
In 18G7. At the expiration of a year he
took his family to Alvarado and 'later to
Ccnterville. There he preached for a num
ber of years. From 1870 to 1878 he held
the office of County Superintendent of
Schools. Afterward he drifted out of the
ministry and into pedagopy. He held the
office of president of the County Board of
Education for twenty years and until he
retired, five years ago.
"W. F. B. Lynch, the pioneer educator
and former County Superintendent of
Schools, died this morning- at the home of
his daughter, Mrs. H. F. Eber of San
Leandro. His death was due to the com
plications resultant upon old age. The
funeral •will be held from the late resi
dence "Wednesday afternoon at 1. o'clock,
and the Interment will be at Centervllle,
where the wife of the deceased was buried
ten years ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 26.
W. F. B. Lynch Dies at
the Residence of His
Daughter.
EASTERN BALL GAMES.
R. H. e.
New York S 10 •• 0
Philadelphia 1 4 . . 3
Batteries— Matthewson and Bowerman- Me
Kay and McFarland.
R - h. e.
Pitteburg. ". 2 5 r,
St. Louis V i. 5 10 1
Batteries— Chesbro and O'Connor; Powell and
Ryan. U.mpire-O'Day. .r ..." .."I, 8 "-
PHILADELPHIA. . Aug, 26— Matthewson
pitched fine ball to-day and allowed the on
position only four hits/Attendance, 2100 Score-
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— Hahn and H.ughes en
gaged in a pitchers' battle to-day, most of
the hits of both teams being of the scratch
order. The game was poorly played. - At
tendance, 9000, including 6990 school children
admitted free. Score: .
. . R- H. - e.
Chicago 3 G o
Cincinnati 4 5 2
Batteries— Hughes and Kahoe; Hahn, Peltz
and Bergen. Umpire— Brown.
BROOKLYN, Aug. 26.— Runs were scarce to
day, but all that were going were to Bos
ton's credit. Willis let the : Broqklyns down
with only two hits, and not one of the locals
reached second base. Attendance, 2700. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 2 g . . n
Brooklyn Q 2 3
Batteries— Willis and Kittredge; Donovan and
Farrell. Umpire— Emslie.
PITTSBURG, Ausr. 26.— Powell was an Im
possible proposition for Pittsburgr, and in ad
dition the locals put up' a very poor game in
the field. Attendance, 4200. Score: ¦
NATIONAL, LEAGUE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.-Hercer pitched
Kreat ball to-day, and with strong etick work
Washington easily walked away with the
game. Score:
, R. H. E.
Washington .'...;.' 8 11. i
Cleveland 1 ¦ . 2
Batteries — Mercer and Clarke; Backen and
Connor. •
BOSTON, Aug. 26.— Detroit outbatted Boston
to-day and won easily. Attendance, 4000.
Score: . . ' ' '
R. H. E.
Boston 3 6 4
Detroit 6 14 3
Batteries— "Winters and Schreck; Elever and
McAllister. ¦ . «> .
Philadelphia 4 9 8
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; "Wiltse
and Powers.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug.. 26.— Without Lajoie
and Cress, the Athletics to-day presented a
poor apology for a ball club. They not only
played miserable ball in the error | column,
but everything broke badly for them. Attend
ance, 3S0O. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 11 12. 5
Batteries— Yoell and Robinson; Garvin and
Donohue. . .
R. H. E.
Baltimore 6 10 0
Milwaukee 3 10 3
. BALTIMORE, Aug. 26.— The Baltimore team
defeated Milwaukee here to-day in a game
without any special feature. Attendance, 2000.
Score: ...¦¦"•• S
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
AGED PEDAGOGUE
CALLED TO REST
Professor T. R. Bacon, chairman; Professor
C. L. Corey. Professor Carl Schilling-, Instruc
tor M. C. Flaherty and Professor "W. A.
Setchell. *
Professor Bacon said to-day that as far
as he knew the committee would not in
vestigate the rush which occurred Friday
at ' the gymnasium between the sopho
mores on the one hand and the freshmen
and juniors on the other. Official report
of the act has not been made to the com
mittee, and no notjee of the rush will be
taken- unless it is "brought up officially.
In all probability the whole thing will be
dropped, as the material damage has been
paid for' and the broken ' faculty edict
against rushing may be overlooked. ' ,
The students' affairs committee, reor
ganized this teim by President Wheeler,
consists of the following named:
The young men, B. T. McLean and T.
Rowland, both members of the Sigma
Alpha Epsilon fraternity, escaped prose
cution after arrest because the proprietor
of the store asked for the dismissal of the
cases. Now they must face a trial per
haps more serious than the legal one they
narrowly missed. The result may be ex
pulsion from, college, or they may only bo
expelled for a year or so. However the
investigation may end, the young men are
thoroughly frightened and do not expect
great leniency on the part pf the faculty.
The mirror theft was officially referred
to Professor T. R. Bacon, head of the stu
dents' affairs committee, by President
Wheeler, who requested that it be inves
tigated. Rowland and McLean have been
cited to appear before the committee on
Wednesday, and that body after the ex
amination will recommend to the presi
dent what shall be done with them. Final
action is in the hands of IPresident Wheel
er; ¦ . ¦..-...
BERKELEY, Aug. 26.— Two college men
must appear this week before the faculty
committee on students* affairs to explain
to that body incidents surrounding the
stealing of a plate glass mirror which
they purloined from the exterior of an
Oakland choestare during' the early hours
of a morning last week. The case is the
first of its sort to come before the/aculty
of recent years, and it" i3 beincr watched
with widespread Interest..
Mirror- Theft by Two
.; College Men Will Be
Investigated.
C. A. RYAN. W. A. GROW.
J. P. TOWEY. .
F. P. DE LEON. F. W. FAY.
(Dorsey Photo.)
SCENES AT RIXGLIXG BROS.' GREAT SHOW LAST NIGHT, WHEN 6000 PEOPLE WHO CROWDED THE
TIERS OF SEATS WATCHED THE DARING RACES AND MIDAIR ACTS, ATE PEANUTS AND FELT THE
JOY THAT ONLY A CIRCUS BRINGS. V. *
FACULTY TRIAL
MUST BE FACED
Aug. 26.— St. Mary's
ft 11 College is going to take a great
II II deal pf interest in athletic affairs
during the coming' term. The col
, lege opened last week with an un
usually large attendance, and the first
thing that was done by the students was
to organize an athletic association to have
general control of all track and field ath
letic events for the coming: season.
St. Mary's College has always been
strong on baseball, and the team will be
reorganized with but little chanee from
last year. The team last year had the
remarkable record of not having lost a
single game except the first practice game
played. It was victor in every match
game.
The acting Attorney General, in the
opinion just. sent to the Secretary of '.he
Navy, advised him that he is justified In
withholding such approval, to the end
that the questions involved may be judi
cially'determined. ' •'
Suit was commenced, in the United
States Circuit Court for the eastern dis
trict of Pennsylvania and a decree en
tered as stipulated in the agreement. Sub
sequently the two steel companies in 1898
made contracts with the ; Government for
the manufacture of the armor plate for
the battleships Illinois and Wisconsin,
which provided that if the steel compa
nies were required to pay "royalty for the
use of the face-hardening process" the
Government should reimburse them, and
the Harvey Steel Company then brought
suit against the Government In the Court
of Claims for an infringement of the pat
ents, and the Government defended on the
grounds indicated by Secretary Herbert.
The Bethlehem Company and the Carne
gie Company, having, paid the royalties
for hardening the armor plate. of the Illi
nois and the Wisconsin to the Harvey
Steel Company, presented a voucher for
the approval of the Secretary of trie
Navy to secure reimbursement, and the
Secretary- requested the opinion of the
Attorney General as to whether he was
justified in withholding his approval until
the case in the Court of Claims involving
the validity of the Harvey patents was
first determined.
The agreement further stipulates that
the steel companies should submit to an
adverse decree for an alleged infringe
ment of the Harvey patents and the issu
ance of an injunction to' restrain them
from the use of the process except under
this license. /
The opinion sets forth that on April 12,
1893, the United States made a 'contract
with the Harvey. Steel Company by whlcn
the Government acquired the right to use
the inventions described as the Harvey
patents by paying a royalty of one-half
of one per cent a pound upon the finished
product. Subsequently Captain Sampson,
then chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, ad
vised the Navy Department that no fur
ther royalties should be paid, as the
process used by the Government through
its contractors in the construction of
armor plate was not the same as that
covered by the Harvey patents, and for
the additional reason that the Harvey
patents were invalid for want of novelty.
On this recommendation Secretary Her
bert in 1S95 refused to pay further royal
ties. In 1897 the Carnegie Steel Company
and the Bethlehem Steel Company took
out a license from the Harvey Steel Com
pany to use its process. in the face-hard
ening of armor plates.- and the contract
stipulated that the steel companies were
under no obligation to pay any royalties
whenever the Harvey Steel Company 'hud
previously granted a license which had in
effect been paid by such Government.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— The Depart
ment of Justice, in an opinion by Acting
Attorney General Beck, has advised the
Secretary of the Navy that he is justified
in withholding his approval of certain
vouchers which have been submitted by
the Bethlehem Steel Company and the
Carnegie Steel Company for royalties
which these companies paid to the Har
vey Steel Company for the use of the
Harvey process In hardening steel and for
which they claim reimbursement from. the
Government under a contract by which
the Government agreed to "pay these roy*
altles to the steel companies if the steel
companies "were required to pay them"
to the Harvey Steel Company. The lia
bility to , pay these royalties has been a
matter of dispute for . some years, and
while the particular royalties only relate
to the hardening 'of the armor : plate for
the battleships Illinois and Wisconsin,, yet
the decision affects all of the royalties
upon the various battleships which have
been constructed since 1893 or under
process of construction. ' :¦ . .
Present Time.
Navy Secretary Instructed
Not to Sign Vouchers at
Government Decides to
Wait for Decision of
the Court.
REFUSES TO PAY
THE ROYALTIES
OPENING NIGHT OF CIRCUS
ATTRACTS IMMENSE AUDIENCE
Programme Replete With Daring and Clever Acts
and Host Thrilling Races.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE ATHLETES
AFTER FULL SHARE OF HONORS
Field Day Promises to Be Record Breaker.
Many Promising Candidates for Track Prizes, and
SAN FRANCISGa CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1901.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— The Contra Costa
Water Company proposes to replace its
worn -put mains leading. from the wells
with new ones.. Many complaints hav»
been made lately or the braklsh condition
of the water.. The condition la due to salt
water permeating the pipes that cross the
marshes. Engineer Adams of the water
company asked the permission of, the
Supervisors to-day. to change the fialna.
The request was referred to the : commit
tee of the \whole..: . . .... _—
Wew Mains to Beplace ; Old.
OAKLAND, Aug. 28.— Joseph Horn has
answered the suit of the Homestead Loan
Association of Berkeley and alleges In -his
cross-complaint that he was ejected from
his tannery by force of arms at the in
stance of the plaintiffs, and wants $5000
for the indignity. ¦> Horn is being sued for
$1980 on an alleged contrnct for the sal©
of a tannery." He agreed to pay.$2300, but
•was ejected after paying $400. ? "
Horn Is Ejected, by Force.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Constantine Muel
ler. 77 years of age, a pioneer "musician
and . former instructor in the public
schools, passed away to-day at his resi
dence, 1804 Chester street, general debility
being the cause of death. The funeral
will be ' held . "Wednesday from the - late
residence. The Rev. A. Theiss, pastor of
the German Lutheran Church, will offici
ate. >•¦ .'• ¦...:-,: ¦ ¦'. , . ¦ ;
Death of Aged Musician.
"Warrants were procured . from Judge.
Cabanlss yesterday for the arrest of F.
A. Plymlre and O. B. Hewitt on a charge
of practicing dentistry without a certifi
cate. The complaining witness against
Plymlre Is John H. Krause,, 218 Day
street, and against Hewitt, Percy T.
Bovyer, 1020 Broderlck street. Plymlre
and Hewitt were arrested and .released
on $100 bonds each..
Dentists Are Arrested.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Mrs. Lizzie Oliver
and her son, John Griffin, both of them
well-known characters !*of Livermore,
were ' brought ' to • Oakland to-day, the
mother to* be examined for ineompetency
and the son for insanity. Judge GreenR
decided that Mrs. Oliver is incapable* of
properly caring for herself and appointed
G. W. Langan as her guardian. He also
decided that the son was insane and com
mitted him to Ukiah.
Mother and Son Incompetents.
Jennie Dale ...; l-
Iddietoto *.; 2
Tom-Slaven ...'. .; 3
Time— :53.
Bantam, , Elsabrino and Infalice also ran.
Running, seven-eighths of a mile dash, purse
$150 — Mike Rice won. Coming Event second. Pi
lot third. Time, 1:28. Davids and San Augus
tine also ran. . '
- WOODLAND. Aug. 26.— The. eighth an
nual district fair opened to-day. The at
tendance was fair but not tip to expect
ance. The weather, was fine, the track
fast and the racing card a good one.
There is every outlook for the most suc
cessful fair ever held here.
The first stock parade will be held Tues
day morning. This evening the pavilion
was opened with a fine display of agri
cultural, horticultural, vlticultural and in
dustrial products, and also an art display.
At the races In the afternoon President
Stevens and Directors Hoppin and Spauld
jng occupied the judges' stand. In the 2:12
pace Delphi was scratched. Many be
lieved Floracito. the favorite in the first
pace, was distanced in the first heat.
There was some dissatisfaction because
she was allowed to start. Queen B fin
ished second in the fourth heat. In the
second heat of the second pace Al Sandy
fell, but escaped injury. Driver Cabney's
arm was injured and he could not finish
the race.
The running horses in the first race got
a bad start. Iddletoto, the favorite, was
almost left at the post. In the seven
eighths dash Davids was an odds-on favor
ite, and Mike S won by a nose. This was
the best race of the day. Summaries: "
Pacing. 2:12 class, purse $500:
Floraclta. 7 51 11
Margaritta -. -.. i i 4 « 4
Gaff Topsail J. 2 4 7'*''
John A : J.. 3 7 2 5 3
Nellie .. .' 4 3 3 4 5
Queen B ; • 5 2 G 7 6
Edna R 6 6 3 dls
, .Time— 2:12%. 2:12V4. 2:12H. 2:1414. 2:15.
Pacing, 2:20 class, purse. $400:
Toppy , 111
Midnight ...; 2 2 2
Our Boy's Sister I ;.; 3 ,3 3
Al Sandy 4 4 d
Mlramonte dig
•Time— 2:12tf, 2:13. 2:13.
Running, half-mile - dash, district horses,
purse $75: .^
hibited.
Fast Horses Compete on the Track
- and Fine Animals Are Ex-;
EIGHTH ANNXT All DISTRICT
FAIR OPENS AT WOODLAND
The dull man bores you and the sharp
one skins you. : «
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 26.— S. Magnus,
local agent for Ottinger, the ticket broker,
was arrested this afternoon for contempt
of court, In having violated the Injunction
of Superior Judge Trask, prohibiting th«
pale of Epworth League tickets. The
Santa. Fe Railroad was the complainant.
Magnus was released on $200 bond. •
Ticket Broker's Agent' Arrested.
HONOLULU, Aug. 20.— Immigration
Commissioner J. K. Brown has received
from Washington a ruling sent by the
Treasury Department to the effect that
Chinese in the United States cannot come
to Hawaii. Two Chinese arrived on the
Marlposa last Friday and were refused
permission to land. Habeas corpus pro
ceedings were brought before Judge Estee
and are now being heard. The ruling un
der wheh the Chinene were held states
that as there Is no provision for regula
tion of travel between the two ports, as
provided for in all other ways, It la to be
presumed that Congress . did not Intend
that Chinese should come from the main
land here. The Chinese from San Fran
ttsco may be sent back.
Travel Between Eawaii and
the United States,
Held Because of No Regulation of
'CHINESE 2JOT ALLOWED
TO LAND AT HONOLULU
Prices for Wine Grapes.
FRESNO. Aug. 26.— The . California
Wine Association, which practically con
trols the wine-grape market, to-day an
nounced that it would pay the following
prices for wine grapes up to the 1st of
October: Black and Faherzagos, $15 per
ton; Sultana", $14; Malagas, $13; Muscats,
J1L Last season the price of second-crop
Muscats was $11, and the figures for the
others are about the same. It was ex
pected that the prices would be higher,
for It is said that there is a shortage in
the north, and as high. as $25 per ton Is
being paid.
Cable Holding: Car Breaks and They
Are Precipitated to the Bottom
of the Shaft.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 26.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Bloomlngton, III.,
says: Four miners lost their lives In an
accident at the Chenoa coal mine at noon
to-day. Several miners were about to
descend in the car when one man and tho
boy took fright and stepped off. They
were just In time, for the cable holding
the car broke, precipitating the four
others to the • bottom of the shaft. 247
feet below. All were killed Instantly, their
necks being broken.
The dead:
BETTO BIU9EPPI.
BIARETTI BRIO.
BONINO BOILLETI, Italians.
THOMAS JONES, a Welshman. ¦
rOUB COAL MINEES MEET
DEATH IN TERRIBLE FORTH
Feeley has been begging around Oak
land for several months and the police
have been on his trail several times, but
have never been able to put their hands
upon him. When they did get him they
hardly expected to find a man with a
small fortune upon him.
With more than $5000 worth of cash and
securities in his pockets . Thomas Feeley,
the old man who was arrested In this
city yesterday for begging, told Police
Judge Smith that he guessed he was
guilty of both begging and disturbing the
peace of Mr. Jeffries yesterday. On the
charge of disturbing the peace Judge
Smith "gave" the old man $40 or twenty
days, while on the charge of begging he
"gave" him sixty days without any
monetary alternative.
Then the ordinary habitues of the
Police Court were astounded. The old man
called for his property and cut four
ten-dollar coupons off his Government
bonds and handed them to Clerk Hennessy
in pavment of his fine. A Government
bond had never found its way into the
Police Court before to-day, and most of
those who witnessed this act. had only
heard of these documents as valuable
assets that only bankers see.
But when it came to settling up the
sentence upon the charge of begging,
Feeley found that it was a different mat
ter. Judge Smith gave him sixty days in'
the County Jail without ajny alternative,
and the old man was removed to serve
his term.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug 26.
YOKOHAMA, Aug. 10.— The visit to
China of Prince Konoye, the President of
the House of Peers, Is regarded with great
interest as significant of a concert of ef
' fort on the part of the two empires in
behalf of the preservation of the Integrity
of the Continental powers. The Prince is
intensely desirous of bringing about some
such understanding, as ia also the Count
Okuma., the leader of the party to which
he belongs. Their hopes have been some
what dashed, however, by the report re
cently brought back from China by Gozo,
a prominent member of the same organi
zation, which is to the effect that there
is no disposition among the Chinese to
help themselves, so thoroughly have they
been cowed and permeated wjth the spirit
of submission. The 'average Chinaman,
he declares, is ready to bow the head to
any one whom he recognizes as a master.
As this is the theory upon which the Rus
sians have acted, it is easy to predict Into
whose hands the empire will ultimately
fall.
The expression of sympathy on the part
of the court and the native press on the
receipt of the news of the Empress Fred
erick's death is genuine evidence of. the
present good feeling toward Germany.
This is largely owing to the high praise
lavished by German officers upon the Jap
anese troops in China and the favorable
impression which they themselves have
made when visiting here as the nation's
quests. The change of sentiment is, how
ever, none the less extraordinary, inas
much as Japan was hurt to the quick by
being jockeyed into signing the Anglo-
German compact on the direct under-
Ftanding that it included Manchuria and
then learning that any such Interpreta
tion of it was repudiated by Germany it
f The signs of an Improvement In the
\ money market continue. Within the past
' few days the prices of all securities have
shown marked appreciation.
The greatest annoyance and trouble to
foreign tourists continue to happen in
consequence of the rigid enforcement of
the law against taking photographs any
where within the limits of the fortifica
tion zones. As these zones Include very
iarge tracts mainly upon the chief lines
cf travel, the practical result is the al
most absolute prohibition of the use of
the kodak or of any other photographic
Instrument by tourists. Artists also swrill
soon find It Impossible to exploit the coun
try, as sketching is also placed equally
under the ban. .-^ .; -^
Aged Beggar Cuts Gov
eminent Bonds in
Court. -
Since the "War Show No
Disposition to Help
Themselves.
PAYS HIS FINE
WITH COUPONS
A new feature with the show this year
is. a military band,, composed of twelve
members. It is led by a miniature drum
.major, and the rest of the band walk on
stilts, each one being higher than his
predecessor. When they line up and ren
der a selection they make a most amus
ing spectacle.
There are marvelous midair trapeze
acts and performing horses and mules,
and the turns succeed each other . so
quickly that it keeps one busy to keep
from missing a clever turn. r ¦-¦¦¦'
To close the evening's entertainment
there are thrilling horse races, real jock
eys participating, chariot races and clown
races. The circus is as good as when out
here last year — in fact, in some features
it has been if possible improved.
now three herds of the animals, and their
grotesque attitudes and poses are very
funny.
"The elephants performed and made as
big a hit as they did last year. There are
"I would respectfully call your atten
tion to the world-renowned Da Comas
family. Ringlir.g Bros, have engagfd this
troupe at an enormous expense." The Da
Comas are great, but it is not necessary
-for the big man to yell it out. as San Fran
cisco people know a clever act when they
see it. The Da Comas' family turn has
been done in this city. by other acrobats,
but never as neatly j and with as much
dash and vim. ¦ ¦ • - ¦
There is the usual big man, who an
nounces all the special features in a loud
\oice, something in this way:
daring bareback acts on a lively horse,
and appears later on the programme in a
long skirt and jumps in a bound from the
bare back of a horse, alighting on the
ground in an erect position, which Is a
marvelous act.
CHINESE PEOPLE
NOW SUBMISSIVE
SIX thousand people attended Ring
ling Bros.' circus at the grounds at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets last
evening. The crovrd commenced
pouring in shortly after 7:30, and
at the time tho performance began the
lcng rows of seats presented a tea of
faces. The audience was cosmopolitan
and all nationalities were, represented.
The programme is full of clever and
daring acts. There are five rings, three of
•which are constantly in use, and the show
goes with a snap and vim— in fact, it Is a
continuous performance.
One of the clever stars with the circus
is Miss Amelia Feeley. She makes her
first appearance early in the evening in a.
catchy jockey suit. She performs some
9
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Priea Liste MalUl
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES .
St. Germain Billiar.2 Co.. lats Jacob Stranls
& Co. (est'd. 1SI21 409 Market it.; upon in-
stallment or. rented: also beer apparatus.
. COAL. COKE AN> Pia XRO*.
J- C- WILSON &C0'» Telephont Main VtU.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
FA^ PftVF^* OS EhtPP'n* Butchers. 19*
JA5- gUICdCCCU- Clay. T«L Main 1»4
________ «.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEOXART) A HTLXls/
4H Front rt.. 8. T. Phon> Main ITU.
LUBRICATING OILS. KNSIQN * McOOF-
FTCK. 13 Spear it.. S. F. TeL Main 63».
.Pioneer Dry Goods Store
: Sells Ladles* and Children's Hose Be a pair:
Ladles' Linen Skirts, S5c: Men's Fine Dress
Shlrtg.- worth |1. for 40o. at 105 Fifth streat. , ; . -
"~ -. • • . PRINTINCJ. "~
E. C HUGHES, P1 ffiSSEEre.* r.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS. .
THE HICKS-JUBD CO.. • .
< ._ . M First Street, Saa Fr*acUc«kTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1901.
10
BIISCELLANEOUS — FOR S/ »Cow.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Misgion st. -
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented^ exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
Hned safe, perfect order. 216 California st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Prst st.
UAATS '
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th 3t. : tel. Folsom 2522.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In
. all cases taken; the most obstinate case«t
have" been relieved by my treatments; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a dell- '
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market st . . •¦-
RETURNED
.MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will b« pleased to see her friends at
th» old number. 1228 Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES" original
method of treatment; maternity home: horn*
in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
-weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market St.. corner Sixth: entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable la-
dfes' specialist: a prlv. home before and dur-
Ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market st to
410 O'Farrell st. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. WTETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to ..410 P'FarreH st.. near Taylor.
iMO.\KV TO LOAN. ~
AA—^Ta^IlAtTaS^'lOaI^^OMPANyT
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and]
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgage?, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real eatate and legaci^*. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. M \NIIAT-
TAX LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, seoond and third mortgages
I Undivided interest in real estate In probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay...... '
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLOAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 6C3 Examiner building -
$5,CC0,CGO at 6% or less in large sums; loans*
on second mortgages, estates, etc.: financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
'¦ erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
1 see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bids.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages-, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and minim;
interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st; tel. Main 1641. Branch 19 Third st
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market: tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone fled 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
Advances life insurance policies: Army and
Navy officers" salaries: accounts of bank books
in liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by privata
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-rf
ttal. Room 3. Conservatory bids., 301 Jones..'
ON" furniture, pianos; ~ no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
' watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$2.". 000 IN trust to loan at 4 per cent: city or
country: see me before goins elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
" Ity. Hill, r. 44, Merchants* Ex.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required. ' S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bids.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 223 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company: loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. .
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. RO0 Examiner building.
3JONEY WANTED.
WANTED— Money on good security at Talr
rate of Interest; no room for sharks. Box
4130. Call office.
~ MUSICAL INSTRCMKXTSI^^
ALL plane* purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 yeera from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright Dianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
st3., San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland. . -
AT BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O' Farrell St.
14.000 square feet of warehouse space.
250 pianos and organs to select from.
New upright pianos from $155 up.
Second-hand pianos from $50 up. •
Second-hand organs from $25 up.
Agents for Chickering. Vose. Sterling pianos.
Apollo, king of pianists, plays every day.
ALL^hlghest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davls; great bar-
gain list, $50 up; Steinway, $185 up: Fischer.
$100; Chickering. $163; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co.'s strike has
been a very successful one, and they hava
succeeded In placing more pianos at the lew
prices offered than their most sanguine ex-
pectations justified. For the rest of the month
we will sell at 20 and 30 per cent discount
WE have had a good sale of Hazelton and
other high-grade pianos this week, but hava
stock left: we now offer a fine stock of me-
dium-grade pianos very special; terms easy.
THE J. DEWING COMPANY, rooms 12. 13
and 14. Flood building.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm?
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER &. CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st; established 1S5O.
PIANOS— Steck, Everett, Hardman, Packard.
Ludwlg and ethers; 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 935 Market St. <opp. Mason):
branch store, 951 Broadway, Oakland.
ATTENTION, PIANO BUYERS!
Sohmer, Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Ham-
ilton and Spielman pianos to be had new-
only at BYRON MAUZY' S. 308. 310. 312 Post.'
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st.
STEINWAY. $200; Hartman. $100; elegant newf
pianos. $150 up. W. C Hamilton, 8 Flood bldg. _
$50— WEBER piano, cost $500, for sale on J5
installments. 1309 Gough st. near Geary.
GREAT bargain In fine upright grand piano;
owner must leave city. 904 Geary st
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make: a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'9. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert and Stelnway ' bargains.
$73 AND upward— Fine uprights. . PIERCE'3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and* Church sts.
LEFT on sale. $95 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st .
A SPECIAL for this week— $100 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 203 Post.st. '
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. S3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, .maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37
McAllister st. .
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
DESKROOM cheap; fine sunny office; attend-
ant; private phone. 727 Emma Spreckels bldg.
ELEGANT suit of offices on the ' Market-st.
front of the first floor of the Phelan building.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand." In good order: alt
sl»es: cheap. ', H. 3. WHTTK. SIS Mission it.
PALMISTRY. ~ .
Chlrological College — Character > reading, dlas- .
nosing, palmistry, chlrology and ¦ graphology-
taught ; diplomas Issued. Suite 451. Parrott big.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and fae*
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER nU!6ws & mattresses steamed, '- reno< .
vated. E.J.O"Rourkg.l393 Valencla:tel.Capp 2687.
•¦¦^¦¦v FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast v Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in - operation ; new" method ' of
, .placing stocks and .bonds; - companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
: FLATS TO LET.
AN Upper flat to let,. 411 Cole st; looks out on
Park; tiled bathroom and' sink; beamed and
- frescoed ceilings; marble steps and vestibule.
Can be seen bet. 10 and 4 o'clock every day.
SUNNY corner lov/er flat, 7 rooms, bath, laun-
dry; rent reasonable; perfect orders 1800
O'Farrell, st ;, _ \ '
COLE, 769-771, bet. Bculah and Frederick st*.—
Fine rew sunny flats, 7 ; rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. : - . ' ;•
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny;- large
yard and cellar; rent $10; no children.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms. ¦' 204& Eddy
street. * ., _'_;. ..
MODERN flat at 945 Sanchez st. .
$16— SIX rooms, bath, in good order, lower part.
12 Guy place, off First, above Folsom.
I SAN JOSE ave , 141, near Twenty-fourth st—
Nice modern eunny flat, 5 rooms and bath, $1*.
LEA VEX WORTH, , 1519V4— 4 rooms and bath,
gas:. clean flat, quiet neighborhood: rent $15.
TO let-Upper flat, 4 rooms. 313 Hyde Et
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms and bath. 1424
Grove st.. near Park. '.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1517— Parlor floor of 4
rooms; piano, bath, garden: nice home: $25.
; $9 AND $6—1123 Vallejo St., near Leavenworth;
\ 2 flats, 4 rooms and yard each.
FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range, King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 12S & 132 Ellis. -
FOR, Sale— Flat to let and furniture for sale; 5
rooms and bath. 202 Fifth st. '
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL:, Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture; mdse.. bought.
A. L. Storrs. 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A.' WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
:'i CLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave."
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ....Phone Grant 1S5
•••• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, Arizona, free fare $23
One more waitress. Arizona $20
Waitress, south, fare paid $25
Waitress, springs. -. steady place :...$2u
Waitress. Petaluma ?20
Waitress, Colusa, fare paid $20
Waitress. Walnut Creek ..".. ...$20
Waitress, institution, found and washing.. $25 I
2 waitresses, San Jose, restaurant $25
Waiter and waitress, San Jose StiO
Waitress, Napa ....$20
.Chambermaid to wait. Woodland ....$25
10 waitresses, city ..'. $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook' and second, 2 sisters, 2 friends, new
house San 'Jose. 5th September, choice place,
I35-S25; • working housekeeper, plain place,
country, fare raid. $15; lady's maid
and assist light upstairs work.' $2J:
houseslrl, Butte County, $20. fare paid:
housegirl, mining town, . $25, fare paid ;
i housekeeper, small rooming, house,, country,
$15; cooks, housegirls. second girls, nursegtrls,
etc.. highest wages paid; call and investigate
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
WANTED— First-class nurse, $30; cook and
housework, farm. $30; 2» family hotel cooks,
$30 and S33: waitress, institution, $25 first-
class 'Jd srirl, $30; laundress, $30; nurse, $23;
C second girls, $20 and $25; 6 cooks, plain wash,
,$30 and"$3a;.4 waitresses, cafe, $6, $7 and $25:
general housework, San Jose, $30; North Ger-
man nurse. $25: chambermaid and waitress. !
resort. $25: and more than. 125 girls for most
: all kinds of work for both city and:country
to fill situations;' altogether too many to par-
'. ' tlcularize " In this < advertisement:, best of
' wages; call and see us early to-day and se- !
cure a good place. . J. F. CROSETT & CO j
:316 Sutter st. ¦ . . ¦
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO....... Phone Main 1373
.. . HOTEL DEPARTMENT .......
Head -waitress, $25: waitresses for Mrst-clasE
commercial and city hotels, $20 and $25: 2 j
waitresses, city, $23 and room; 4 restaurant
waitresses, JG and $7; 3 chambermaids to
• wait. $20; cook. $33, no dishwashing.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..'
. Gorman cook, $30: .French second girl, $2.">: !
housegirl, 2 in family, no ; washing or win- i
dow cleaning," $15; cooks; housegirls of all
nationalities for city and country places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO :...335 Geary
A NEAT young saleslady (no experience neces-
sary); $7 a week. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..
S35 Geary st. ..
WANTED— First-class finisher on* vests: good
pay: steady work. Apply factory, S. N.
VWOOD & CO., 27. Geary st. -
INTELLIGENT, trustworthy woman ovs«^ 25,
by wholesale house; no bookkeeping or steno-
graphy. ¦ Box 4S26., Call office.
WANTED — A nirl for cooking and general
housework. Apply between the hours of 9
: and 12 at 2422 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED female nurse, wanted for an
institution; good salary. Inquire at E. • N.
TORELLO'S, 42<!7 Mission St.
WANTED— Woman to do cooking; wages $25.
.Apply Girls' Directory, corner . Central ave.
¦ and Waller St. j
EXPERIENCED finishers on , ladles' tailor
suits;- none but first class need apply.
BARON. 22 and 24 Grant ave.
EXPERT labelers wanted at the Glbbs-Wll-
eon Packine^Co., 921 Bryant st. Apply at
once. . ...
COMPOSITOR-Girl on straight matter. 530
Commercial straet. . - *
WANTED— Waitress. $20. Commercial Hotel.
GIRL to assist in housework and cooking; 'no
washing; references. 1228 ¦¦ Washington st. .
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
washing or window cleaning. 311 Scott St.
A YOUNG girl to assist with child ; $10. For
' particulars apply 832 Market St.- '.
WANTED — Experienced waitress; 8 hours; $25;
girls to learn waiting. JOHNSON'S. 725 Mkt.
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. ' Ameri-
can Chicle Co., 27 Main st. '
GIRL- for general housework ;.- small family;
, wages $20. Apply 19 Scott St. . . - .' .
MIDDLEAGED woman or girl for general
housework. 832 Folsom st.' '.
SALESLADY— Steady work • to right- party;
. give a.ee. Address box ; 4912, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' cloaks. 48
. Ellis st. • , . : .-¦
WANTED-^-A good finisher on pants; cood
wages." 2,"3M: Stevenson st.
WANTED — German girl • for three-year-old
- boy, $20; call to-day. . . 1305 Van Nes3 ave.
WANTED— A girl for upstairs work and as-
sist with children. Apply at 2409 'Washington.
RELIABLE girl', light housework. 2084 Market
street. . , . rv,*
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl for
' housework and cooking. 317 Larkin st.
GIRL from 10 to 12 years to assist with chil-
dren. 230F Twelfth st.\ '
WANTED— Lunch waitress; 25c an hour. 955'/i
I Bryant st. , , - , .
W ANTED— Good waitress at 7 Taylor . st. ; $7
| per .week. .
GIRL to take care of 2' grown children and
. sewing. ' 1909 Van Ness ave." s
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
; piece and day work; steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant' sts. - ¦
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.
, • ' ,' ' , ¦' . ¦
1 -WOMEN and girls wanted .to work on. fruit;
at good wages. Apniy at CUT-
/ TING BRANCH, v California Fruit. Canners'
, Association, corner Seventh and . Berry sts. . i
WANTED— Experienced girls, to. work In pickle
; factory. LEWIS: PACKING CO.. 625 Front st.
' BRIGHT : crirls '. to work " on gloves ; references.
-. Carson : Glove Co.. 35 Market sfcs •¦ - :_
NEAT, girl! for general -housework; 'small fam-
ily... 3639 Twentieth; st. j. . ¦ ¦: ¦ : .
FINISHERS on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
¦ CO.. 541 Market st. ;
APPRENTICES on coats. BELASCO & HAR-
¦ RIS CO.. 541 ; Market st * '.;¦ ; ,
OPERATORS on pants; must be first class. 641
Market ' i I '"n^BMllMltII<il[|iTlTJBMUIM|ftMUMllJLII
REFINED lady for "office business. Address
box 3415, Call -office.. ::• '. J - . ,
LADY pianist for country. * Box 4804. Call or-
¦ • , fice.>if^8afl8sMH3SBBHiMfiHBMBMHMHHBH0
WANTED— Women for, Usht work on fruit.
'•: 1731. Folsom, st,' . ;-. ¦ • :
; DENTISTS— Contlnned.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions, or fillings By my
wonderful secret -painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, ?3 50; fillings,
50c; plates $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. A. ' C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist:
specialties," crown and bridge work and the
¦preservation of natural teeth.. 110 Phelan bldg.
SET of teeth * without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Poik st '¦ .
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates. . ¦
DR. R. L.WALSH.S15% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
; PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
' Full set of teeth, $4: crowns. S3: fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. .1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
DERMATOLOGISTS,
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis: facial massage with
hydro-vacu. MIPS MILLMAN. «30 H'lsh Ft.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clas.3 rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt-
attention. 121 Pest, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGrIT SCHOOl"'fOR~MEN.
A practical and industrial education for men:
Y. M. C A. building; more courses of, study
than any other night school In the city ; for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts. : opening night.- Tuesday. Sep-
tember 10; .registration beginning September
1; departments — Art. business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. .1. MrCOY, general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director. '»
AYRES' Leading Business College, 71'3 Market—
JS per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand,: typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, . penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers:
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. ' free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bid?.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Fhcrthand: reportorial phraslngtaught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $5P: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
- Stanford professor. , Phelan building.
SPANISH— Theoretical or practical: speedy
nitdc to habitual talk: translations; letters.
210 Eddy st. , ;
ACTING, elocution, specialties:. Hallett School,
associated ' with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEFPING. figures: the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping; and the
"Gregg shorthand rnsts onlv JRO. San Fran-
cisco -Rtiptnoss College. 1236 Market- st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting."
Chicago Business College. 1433 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. $6 mo.
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. exper1»ncpd teacher: vlolliT
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 100S Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 421 Pine gt.
HEALD'S TJnsiness College. 24 Post st. S. F. ;
founded 1*3; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC." bookkeeninp. urammar. writing,
etc.: day or eve.: %T> mo. '1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of aU~k7ndV;
cooks, waiters 'and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post Ft.: tel.: Bush 1S.3.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds bc?t
help furnished. 439 Bush st. : tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush stl : tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUJK Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office— i
Best help. 41H£ O'Farrellst.: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. fice: all kinds heln. 315 Stockton: Main S188.
EMPLOYMENT . WASTED FEMALE. ;
SEAMSTRESS would^ like to sew four days
in the week: prices iow for the present; a
good dressmaker. Box 4S10. Call office.
WELL educated young lady, college graduate. !
would like a position as governess or com-
panion, in some nice family; references ex-
changed. Box 4829. Call office. , ¦ '
YOUNG woman from the East -wishes a situ- \
"ation as -chambermaid, sewing or housework.
Call at 2oS% Tehama st. ; no postals.
DRESSMAKER, first-class, perfect fitting,
latest styles; costumes remodeled; expe-
rienced in best work; $1 10 per day in fami-
lies. -Address Modiste, box 4831, Call office.
R.ESPECTABL.E widow lady wishes position |
as housekeeper in city. 525 Franklin st.
WANTED — By reliable, woman, work by the |
day, washing, ironing and house-cleaning. [
178 Seventh st.
ACOMPETENT^woman v/Ishes a situatlon v at
day work. Call 75 Clementina st, first floor.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by -the
day, $150. 6 Marye. Terrace, off 418 Turk st.
JAPANESE, honest and faithful girl, wants
situation; plain cooking and housework in
family. 465 Jessie st. ' '
WANTED— By a competent Protestant woman,
a position as housekeeper in hotel, first-class
lodging-house or private home; will assist
with sewing or take charge of doctor's of-
fice or v gentlemen's club. Box 4S74, Call.
A , COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes dinlng-
j room work or chamber work, with plain sew-
j Ing. Address Residence'.' Institute for the
Deaf, Dwlght way and Warring st, Berke-
i ley; present situation.
YOUNG girl, speaking French, as lady's maid
or children's nurse in first-class family. Ad-
dress or call. 986 Filbert st. ,<
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket*-200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
56 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. t
A BRANCH of Pee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore ft. .
! EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE~"
BAKERS' helper— Young man wants position
as bakers' helper, with chance to learn trade.
Box 4S25. Call office. - • : - ¦ ¦
WANTED— Position^ In shlpchandlery and
• commission business; nine years' experience.
;i Box 4934, Call. office. .
RELIABLE man wa'nts work; understands the
care of horses, cows, garden and • chickens;
good references. - Address Reliable, box 4833,
| Call office. " - ;
MAN and wife, fine cooks, dishwashins or
bedmaking, want situation in hotel, board-
ing-house or private place. . | Box 4S27, Call, j
MIDDLE-AGED man. familiar with the city,
¦ wants to drive and care for one or. two
¦¦ horses. Box 4830, ¦ Call office. - '
ARCHITECTURAL and mechanical engineer
. and draughtsman desires good steady employ-
ment with responsible firm; at home In tran-
' sit work, detail , drawings, estimating, etc. ;
'. handles men easily; superintends building
operations; specialist on concrete work; speaks
several- languages; will go anywhere. 'A. M.
E.. box 4932. Call office. .. • '
FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber .will work by,
the day or week for property, owner or ee-
I tate; has all necessary shop tools ; reference
,as to ability, and Integrity. Box 4978, , Call. .
YOUNG' man; 24, knowing several " languages,
correspond, etc., :- much experienced, wants'
situation private secretary;, willing be useful
any way: modest terms. . Bos 4979, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants a position as
gardener on : private . place ; also understands
care of horses, cows and chickens; references."
Box 4950.' Call office. : ' .- ... _; . -. ,'• ,
I WILL invest $200 or $300 in any reliable firm
where I , can , be employed - at a fair salary;
best reference • given. . Address, giving ; par-
. : tlculars, box 2300, . Call office/Oakland."- .. 1
CHICKEN man.' wide experience, : most , suc-
cessful, open- for engagement. Address box
4976, Call-office. / > > ,: .;,; - '/ .
JAPANESE, nice, good cook. • wants position
cooking and housework: best • references; '¦. 3
years • last place. Box' 4661, . Call office.
IFwanted, private family-or hotel cook, -.'with'
excellent recommendations. • Please send 'to
CHUNG . WING. S02 ; Clay; st. . • . : . , - ¦ :~ -.-.¦¦¦-•¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and'
* subscriptions has been established at- 1036
Valencia et. . BB89SBSBH >¦'
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
I«"srNESS OFT"IC1! ol The O«h FraadBca
C«I!.' oortier v>t Market axiA Third »treeU!: open
u.-.-.i: :j o'clock every -.light in the r**r.
TtllANCH OFI"C^-f:?7 Montrorsery street
cornwr Clar: cp»n uct:i J.i3 p. m.
SOo Havw *lr«»t; op»n/ur.ili 9:10 p. ,m.
*-T5 McAl!!*i«r. f.rtet: op«n until 9:80 p. m. '
$".« Lurkln strict: op*n until 9:30 p. m,
'5*1 M!ks!ch street; op»n until *0 p. m.
ESI Market etreet corner Sixteenth; .open
mrtR ? p. n. j
K-6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
lPSI Valencia, street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and* Ken-
tucky »=tr*ets; open 'until 9 p. ,nu
2f<0 ' Ftllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. '¦.•'.-
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. m '
will -meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-.Ji.
ING. Auc. 27. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. X3f
degree. By order of the H. P. ' ¦
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and A. ¦
M.-Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) Jt\_
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. Degree 2. >L3f
By order of the W. M. / T *»^N
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _#V_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. TSJK
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. *V^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. j»
M.. 121 Eddy et. will meet on JHPt
WEDNESDAY, the 2Sth. at 12:30 p. m. JEJ\
to attend the funeral of our late
brother, C. MULLER.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
GRAND CHANCELLOR~L. S. CAL- -S^
KINS will officially visit South SanV/SS
Francisco Lodge No. 45 at Fourteenth yfi&»
an.1 Railroad ave. South THIS**^-*i*
(TUESDAY) EVENING. All members of the
order are invited to attend.
__ H. SCHAFFNER. G. K. of R. and S.
SPECIAL MEETING.
A fnecial meeting cf the members 'of the
nuiliJprp" Exchange w-'II be held on FRIDAY.
Anxast 30. 1901, at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of discussing the Ftrike which is now
fffecting the building trades very seriously.
By order of S. H. KENT. President.
JAS. A. WILSON. Secretary. ..¦'--' ?"•'
AGENTS WANTED.
IN every place to sell stock in Alaska gold
mine: good pa>\ Newton & Harter. 759 Mkt.
ADOPTION. i
j
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
ASPHAITUM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;divorces private; bankruptcy;col-
l«ctions attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale;
partnerships :deeds : wills drawn;fees Iow;open
fie's. THURSTON, 1COS% Mkt., r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law.' S50 Market cor. Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. C97 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice; mod. fees.'
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kct st; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOOKS— NEW AND O1D.
BOOKS of every, kind bought. Tel. Red. 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st.
nOAKDIXG 'FOR CHILDREN.
; OH 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up; sunny yar4. 1607 California.
GOOD home for children: near school; $8 up.
2127 Prince St.. Berkeley. y
BUREAU TRUNKS.
ASK to see Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory, 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— fPOO: HALF interest in agency of Eastern
atii European manufacturing; not less than
$150 per month clear for each partner: refer-
ences exchanged. Particulars R. G.-WILKE,
26'.i Kearny st.
A— S35C; DELICACY store and branch bakery
v.-irh 3 furnished «rooms; rent J1S: location
first class; owner accepted State position. Call
on R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $7Cv: CORNER grocery and bar with 2 liv-
ing rocirs on O' Farrell st. ; rent $25: good
business; owner to leave city. R. G. WILKE,
2OV2 Kearny et.
A — H'A: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; two
blocks from corner Market and Stockton sts.;
rent f30: must sell at once; owner to leave
for Manila. Call R. G. WILKE. 28^4 Kearny.
A — S2^>; SHOOTING gallery, doing a. good busi- j
ness: i>et profits at least $100 per month: rent j
Ji5: come, see and satisfy yourself. R. G
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
ulock south of Market Et. : dally receipts from
$SG up; clearing about $409 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— Sl'-CO; FIRST-CLASS in prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building;
come, investigate and you will find a splendid
investment. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
BOSTON Business Agency. 1016 Market st., opp.
Fifth— Must be sold, at a great bargain, lodg-
fnE-house. fine paying, price $800. half cash.
l>elance to suit buyer, house 22 rooms, rent
$2J, guaranteed profit $100 per month; house
rn Eddy st. 10 rooms, money-maker, great
bargain. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market st.
opp. FiftJu
$250— PARTNER wanted: great chance In a
paving office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market
$300— PARTNER wanted: light business: must
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with $1S
to $23 a week; no experience required; trial
given before buying. 25 Geary St.. room 1. ;
PARTNER wanted for ladies' tailoring estab-
lishment with email canital for good busi-
ness. P. GLIXMAN. Vallejo. Cal.
A— ?273: BRANCH bakery: 6 furnished rooms- !
rent $16. STRAND & CO., 203 Keamy st. i
53X1— RESTAURANT on 4th st: rent $27 50: 44 i
chairs. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market. \
SALOOX-— A business corner, on Fifth st, near f
Market. Inquire 251 Clara st
WANTED— An honest end sober partner with !
J30C0 in an optical business; murt either be j
an optician or be able to attend to corre- |
spending, etc.: cash receipts about $1500 to j
J2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY- !
ERLE. German Expert Optician. lOTHfc Mar- 1
kct Ft., San Francisco. - j
TOTl sale — At Invoice price, the merchandise
etore of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
st Healflsburg. as a whole or eacn store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. Kcr particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa. - -
FOR rent— A dairy ranch at Tomales. Marin
County, which carries 50 cows; plenty of
arable land: is within 1 mile of town and
creamery. Apply J. V.'. KEYS. Tomales.
GOOD business, under way, requiring about
1500 to complete, promising large returns;
light work; good chance for the right party.
Address Box 3S20. Call' Office.
FOR sale — B'.acksmithtng business, et invoice:
good paying business In one of the best
towns in the State; owner compelled to look
after other interests. Box 4949. Call office. .
$1650 — OLD established corner grocery and bar;
good location; fine stock; security or ' real
estate taken. Cor. Grove and Gough ste.
TO lease— A 43-room lodging-house in Marys-
\-ilIe; a paying business at present: nice loca-
tion. P. S. CARR. box 55. Redding. Cal.
A GOOD inside route on this paper for sale"; j
Cre downtown location. Call at this office i
for particulars. ;
S250 INVESTED this week will make your for- I
tune: absolutely safe. Box 4SS1. Call office.
$450; RESTAURANT and oyster house; must
eeli; going East; central* Box 4868, Call. :
BXAP — Restaurant: water front: new range; !
running orrter; rent $13 mo. 8 Washington st. |
CUN & lockFmith business & buildings for sale. !
A*'1r«>«s P. V. Call Agent. Santa Cru2. CaL i
- LOnClNC-UOliSUS FOR SALE. j
SllCO^lTllOOMSrEmsrcIosTTrr ~ ' j
SjGOO— 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $203 over all. :
SCi.J — 11 rooms; O'Farrell: rent $43; bargain. . i
ii'*'>— C-roora fiat: errand furniture; rent $25. J
SllOJ — 17 rooms; raoney-m'aker; rent $55. I
$<~,ii— S rooms; now being furnished. !
?250O — 78 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
V.'« loan money on any proposition. DONALD f
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st. - -xl
FISHKH & CO.. 935, Market: phone Folsom 1592 '
— IC'-roosa hou*e, handsomely furnished In oak
Rr.1 ch'*rry: all new a."nd elegant carpets; fine
h-»i line-:; ilsrht and' sunny; clearing $45,'>v«x !
*r.p*ri«r-: *•>!!- r-eanlles» of price; -worth .$900. '
3IA mOX <:»UFKIN, 719- Market st. rms. '1-2.
JNrrr rail kits.: telephone Rlack 1-8-0-3.
fc'*ra;>!c* from bis -ree list at my office:
It I.: i«.t E?C: $159 cash, -bal. monthly... $430;
Kt. ; 3 tOf>c'.:s r.. cf Market st: rent"$S0 ¦_• -*— 1
income iZ'i; food furniture; fine carp.. 1500 !
<4 r.; Al: rent ZKfr. clears JIM month..." 3000 |
W!NSTOx'& WOLF.'lGM Market st * -— -— .J
H rcsrr-is: <«oraer; -rent $15: payments. ...$13-5:
£8 room*: north or Market;; rent $75. ..¦;..-* 1500 ,
ro rcocjs; ffocd paying >.ouse .'.'. V:;.:.V..;. 1T.0O
19 room*: «-cr.t $V>; reduced to ............ 750
CO ruart*; rert J-O; see this.'...'. 20C0
TOT1 '- r:TXn norsES on s m.f. — row;
H. C. DECKER. 1050 MARKET. OPP 0TH.
17 YEARS IN THIS BUSINESS '¦
IN THIS CITY : '¦ T — ~
, i; rooms; $250 cash. bal< $10 'per month.. UoO
100 ro*niine houses, from 2 to 5C0 rooms. _
14 rooms; on Market st :.. J?n
.10 rooms; north of Market st ¦ Jj*>
'• 42 roc:r.8?; clears every month" $300 iw™
8 room*;' flat near City Hall *-••
- 15 room*;- line corner: clears $S0..: .»«
9 rocn:s: good piano: must Bell =.o
16 rooms; offices; clears $S0 •-".;«!•
14 rooms: ?100 cash, balance payments... _400
,48 rooms; hotel and bar...:.. ..'.......•>•• :.»W'
15 rooms; on Sixth st: clears $80
24 rooms ;~on Market; clears $150 1000
18 rooms; corner: just like home low
10 rooms; on Mason st; new 'j™
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 •'•••"••• J^
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 12a0
I sell and exchange all kinds of property. _
GIVE ME A CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN
LOCATION. PRICE AND PAYMENTS.
" FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
A— CAMERON & CO., -
S50 Market st and 8 Stocktop st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices, oee list of bargains.
65 r.; rent $330; with restaurant $3000
60 r.; rent $200; elegant family hotel fiOOO
27 r.; rent $140; good fur., carpets 2200
SS r.; rent $140; nice fur., carps., of s.. r.. 2000
Money loaned on dsferred payments, 1*£ P- c -
22 r.: rent $100; mahogany and oak fur... 1500
20 r.; rent $50; hardwood fur., housekpg. 1100
17 r.: rent $65; oak fur.; perm., trans... 900
14 r.; rent $40: brus. carp., oak fur 1000
10 r.; rent %Z2 50; hardwd fur., brus. carp. 750
6 r. ; rent $35; modern flat, new fur 430
Over. 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION BUYERS!
-YOU MAY BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
ON OUR LIST
And pay for it in monthly payments from the
profits of the house.
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
6 rooms on Van Ness; modern $<0O
40 rooms on Third 1S0O
21 rooms: $300 cash, balance oayments.... ,1250
M rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
J0."> rooms: grand corner: clears $400 6000
7 rooms on Ge3ry ', '. .. 200
17,|-oom3 on Market: central 1050
8 rooms on Ellis: clears $33 650
26 rooms on Mission 200
SO- room hotel and bar IBM
45 rooms: rent S12"i '• "3.">0
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10.0O0r37 R $.1500| 24 R $1800
«0 R 3,000! 37 R 1SO0I 19 R ./1400
30 R 1,0001 16 R : fwOI 12 R ' 4-V)
10 R 300| 9 R 300| 6 R 300
IT will pay you to call at our office for lodg-
insr-house-i. saloons, . restaurants.^ grocery
stores, candy stores, etc. McBRIDE & CO.,
1016 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
THK largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phon<? Mint 1911.
No. >17 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
SPIRITUALISM.
COME tk. eee C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to Eplnt friends face to face, recognize them;
give names: received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fal.". 1084 Bush st; tel. 2275 Larkin st
A— Mrs Dr. Farnham, .spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty: cir. Sun., Wed.
and FrL evenings. 1035 Market st. (no sign).
CHAS. BROCKTVAT, 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m. ; every one gets a test:
private readings daily. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st ; Ellis car.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie materializing
seance to-day, 12 o'clock, 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. LESTER, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c; readings daily. <48 Sixth St.. room 12.
MRS. HARLANP'S circle, 8 p. m.: also Wed.;
10c; readings daily; ladies 50c. 14S Sixth st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night "except Sat; 10c. 148 Sixth St.. 2d floor.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak: circle Tues. & Fri..
8 p. m.; Wei. 2:30 p. m. ; 10c: read, daily. 50c.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer; sittings dally, $1.
CC3 California st; phone Main 315.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Fri..
8 p. m. : Wed.. 2:30 p. m.: 10c: read, daily. 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. : C. J.
Meyer; Fittings daily; tesY to all to-night. 10c.
MRS. M. A. BRYANT: correct facts: readings
dally: by letter $2. 110 Sixth st. room S.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME M. BERNARD
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Val«" \ble advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. th<» well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 aniU
"6; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: Bend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCON. CLAIRVOYANT. — — —
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions In all affair*! of life; gives
names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated,
not cne failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagncses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth: private readings daily." 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your -fate. . MMB. RICHARDS, astrol-
oglcal palmist, reader human destiny; never
fails: 25e and 50c: by mall. 50c. .1203 Mission.
MME. LAHOSE. best clairvoyant, card reader:
German spoken; 25c up. 777'^ Market, room 18.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. HANSEN — Card reader and palmist;
past present, future. 108 Sixth st, 2d floor.
M. WILLE. crystal- seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. : 50c. 326A Ellis.
Mrs.Mallory.clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. gents SQg; readings daily. 132 Sixth st
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; Indies 25c,
gents 30c. 951 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
LADIES only: your future foretold satlsfactor-
II y. 15c. 6 Marye Terrace, off 418 Turk st '
to — — —
CARD reading. 25c' and up. 835 Howard, st.~
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S14 Jessie st. bet 5th and 6th.
MMB RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana,
only 10c. 262 Minna st., near Fourth.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist. 148
• Sixth st; room 23.
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer . Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying. 3e; renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R.'Co.; phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. .CHAS.
PARRY, 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main ?94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S . Superior Carpet-beating Works!
' 353 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. - G H
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co:. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. ~
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown. nails, warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on fe«t
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
*-,- . DENTISTS." . H .
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS,' ; 927 Market : street
Emma Spreckels building.- Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry: pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth,' on plate. * look natural and
guaranteed. - $5 up; a good nutal ; plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns . $5 to $10; teeth
¦ without plate; painless extraction.'
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL" CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.- cor.* 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., -you can
; 'have *your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without : plates our specialty; .-. gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free.. $4 50 up; of-
fice Jiours, 9 a. m. Io 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 8 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.y Manager.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 6S48
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY. ..:. .
......'.Special— Ship, R.R. Men To-Day. ......
Free Fare ............ Free....
. 50 men for steel, track and ballast gangs,
right of way and axmen Ukiah, free fare
.:... Ukiah... .........
................. Cal. N."-W. -Ry.. ......... ......
......:; :."..-... ...Santa Fc R. R
60 teamsters.. ...... ..Uklah.. ....Free Fare
: 60 -laborers ..Ukiah.... Free Fare
E0 men to work on Santa Fe system, Stgck-
ton and Fresno Dist, $175 to $2 25 day....... '.
Free Fare. :.'.... .Ship To-day.. Free Fare
SINGLE-HAND MINERS... .."..... FIREMEN
DRILLERS.... MINERS
GOLD, SILVER, CINNIBAR AND OTHER
GOOD MINES '.'•-.. ......
4 miners. Napa County, $75; 2 single-hand
miners, > new mine, $3, fare $75; • 4 - miners,
south, ¦ $60: 6 miners, cinnibar mine, *7o; • -
miners for a good mine, north,' $2 50 day; 3
single-hand drillers. $2 50 day; laborer to
work around furnace, $65; 5 laborers, no ex-
perience, any body willing to work will suit,
}37 50 and found •••
3 single hand miners, north..'.... ••vfS
2 single hand miners, new mine, $4 fare, £»
and found; 2-furnace men, married or. single,
$65 • and house; 2 furnace men for another
mine, $75; 4 laborers for a mine, no experi-
ence required, $60; 10 muckers, $60 and found;
10 laborers for a large gold mining company,
all surface work, $40 and $48 and found, no
experience necessary; 2 firemen for a mine,
$55 and found : 5 laborers, no experience, to
work ¦ in a brick yard, $30 and found, 60c
fare; 10 laborers, near city, $3 day and found,
free fare; 5 laborers, city work, no experience
required,- no strike, $60; .10 shoveiers, city,
steady work S2 day
¦ Miscellaneous
Rough carpenter, ranch, $35 to $40 and found;
wheelwright, $2 50 day; carriage painter.
. country shop, $3 day: man to drive street
¦car;- '10 tunnelmen, north, $90: " 50, laborers
and drillers, Shasta and Trinity counties; 10
teamsters, Amador Co.. $2 r.nd $2 25 day; 5
teamsters, new levee work, $32 50 and found;
.5 woodchoppers .-for a mining company. $1 75
a cord; horseshcer for a camp. $60; 5 quar-
rymen. $60; 2 bricklayers, $5 day ....
FARMS ......;. HARVEST STABLES
27 farm and orchard hands $26 and $30
4 farmers, same orchard, south.. $30 and found
2 teamsters, haul grain, $40 and found; 7 hay-
balers. ISc to 22c: 15 milkers and dairymen; 4
ohoremen antl boys: 10 men and boys to pick
/ fruits. $30 and found: stablemen. $60, $50 and
$40; 2 stablemen. $30 and found; 3 hostlers, $30.
.......: SPECIAL— MILLS and YARDS. j
FOR A LARGE MILL AND LUMBER CO.
10 laborers to work in the mills and yards, Kl :
Dorado Co. ¦ $40 and found j
i 5 laborers, no experience required, for a saw- j
mill company $2 day I
........HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS.. T\
Walter for the officers of a mine, south, $35 j
and found: second cook, mine, $40 and found, i
fare paid; second cook. camp. Truckee. $50
and found; 2 camp' dishwashers, $30 and
found: 2 camp waiters. $25: 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $35: 7 waiters, different places;
9 1 cooks; night watchmen; elevator and bell-
boys; cook's helper, country hotel, $30; cook
for a, boat, $60 and found. • ' .
Stenographer and assistant bookkeeper: dry
goods clerk, country merchandise store. MUR-
RAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st
BUTLER for country, $33 to $40 and found,
references required; porter for institution, $20
. and found; 3 cooks for small boarding-houses,
$30; hotel waiters, • $30 and $35; pantryman,
$15 and found; and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
GARDENER and wife, $30 and found; driver
for milk wagon, near city, $55; man about
place,. $25; choreman and porter for country
saloon, $30 and found; experienced man for
chicken ranch, $25; 5 men and wives for
ranches and private place, $35. $40 and $50;
farmers, $26 and $30; teamsters. $2 to $4 day;
10 laborers to handle grain, 40 cts. an hour,
free fare; milker and 'wife, $35 to $40; and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
. Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
. 69 Third st., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD. LABORERS.
UKIAH! # UKIAH!
FREE FARE. j .
50 R. R. laborers........ Ukiah........ $2 per day
50 axmen and teamsters. .Ukiah. ..$2 25 per day
Free fare to Bakersfield and Fresno divisions..
50 shovelers for the Santa Fe.
20 laborers ....$2 25 per day
Ranch hand, steady job, $1 per day and board.
Butcher, country, $35 and found.
2 farm hands, ?30 per month and found.
See boss here. '. _. , ¦¦'
50 Italian laborers to top beets, $1 50 per day,
board themselves, free fare, long job.
Dishwasher, country, $20 and found.
15 lumber ullers and woodsmen, $2 per day.
2 MEN and wives, country. $35 and $40; bell-
boys, $10 and $15. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED porter, dining-room, city;
, experienced shirt polisher, country; laborers
for sawmill, ship to-day; stickerman. planing
mill, city. S. F. Employment Office. 639 Clay.
A— PAPERHANGER; marine fireman; lumber
stevedores: longshoremen; sailors, non-union;
: - no office fees. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
¦ reau, 410 Kearny st; room 24.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207,
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
MASTER barbers meet to-night at 102 O'Farrell
st. ai 9 p. m. S. HELLER, Secretary Master
Barbers' Association.
WANTED— Musicians, first and second class,
for the Puget Sound' Navy .Yard Band; E flat
clarinet; solo B flat clarinets; cornets, altos;
trombones, barytone, tuba and drums; men
who double In orchestra preferred; pay of mu-
sicians, first class, $32 and $9 ration; musi-
cians, second class, $30 and $9 ration. Apply
to recruiting officer U. S. R. S. NIPSIC,
Navy Yard, Pugct Sound, Bremerton, Wash.
THREE experienced waiters for first-class com-
mercial hotel, and one porter; free bootblack
stand for porter. Call at Russ House, be-
tween 10 a. m. and 2 p. m.
WANTED— Dark-room man and assistant ope-
rator. Call at Photographic Studio before %
¦ o'clock. THE EMPORIUM & G. R. B.
WANTED— A cook; no Sunday work. Apply
29 Fourth st
A GOOD, steady man on bread. 1817 Powell st.
after 10 a. m.
BOY, between the ages of 14 and 18, wanted
to work in dental office. Call between 9 and
11 o'glcck at 969_ Mission st, room 10.
WANTED— Shoe lasters and edge - setter.
WENTWORTH-SWITZER SHOE CO., , 2t»
Main st.
BOY wanted. 12 Sutter st. second floor. ._
BOY wanted in. butcher shop. Apply 2318 Fill-
more st. - ¦ . ' ,.
WANTED— Painter and tlnter. Apply at gro-
, eery, 1S31 Mission st. . .-
DRIVER for milk wagron. 816 Treat ave.
WANTED— Night cashier at 29 Stockton st.'.
TWO boys wanted to ' scatter circulars. 252
Ellis St. . '
WANTED— Bootblack. 1344 Turk st. : wages, $9
per week . I , ¦ . ,
WANTED — Baster on custom coats. Apply fac-
tory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st. .
WANTED— Cooks, , waiters, porters, dishwash-
ers and Kitchen help; no fee. . 127 Mason st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. BARON, 22 and
24 Grant ave. • _,
LADIES' tailor, first-class. J. McCLENEGAN.
~ 532 Fourteenth St., Oakland. - 1
WANTED — To buy. good barber shop; country
preferred/Particulars, address box 4811, Call.
BA RBER shop, business center Oakland ; run-
ning 3 chairs steady; fine fixtures; must sell;
serious sickness the cause. Apply to STOLTZ,
723 Market. st. .
A TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 229 Fourth
street. .-'_". , ~ ' - -
MAN of average business ability to take charge
of office; must have $500. Box 3821, Call Office.
WANTED— Active man; light, genteel work;
pays $15 to $18 per week; steady place; must
have $150 . cash. 765 Market St., room 3. .. . -
WANTED— Young man with small cash; "$35
month and found; no experience. 496 4th st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
. price. 363 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. •
YOUNG i experienced <¦ German > boy for grocery
and ; bar. Cor. Seventeenth and Eureka sts.
TEAMSTERS wanted; $2 25 per day; pay every
week." Apply room , 12, 5th floor. Mills build-
ing, or - F>7 Eighth st, or Seventeenth and
Harrison its. . . - \
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers ; . steady employment ; good wages.
. Lumber . .Dealers' Association, 209 ¦ Examiner
. building. I *vfQ31&K(K
CARPENTERS and Pile Drivers Wanted—
, Experienced bridge and wharf carpenters and
. pile drivers wanted for work on various Jobs
¦ in this city; wages %1 TO per day of nine hours;
: men 'going 'on now- will be given- police pro-
tection and absolute preference in all future
work, - If . they prove • competent; . our , asso-
ciation r Includes every 'contractor of conse-"
, quence ; in the line in : the city, and good men
can count on fair treatment and 'steady work.
•Bridge &. Wharf Builders - Employers' Assn.
V ¦;' ¦ Room 8, 4 California st.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS
Past Commander Geo.H." Thomas Post No. 2*
. G. ?A."R..-' room 40.* Phelan bldg., 806 Market
BRIGHT; willing . boy i 16 r years ! to i learn traded
'Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market st. fi~.T? —
HELP WANTED — MALE — c^l_^.
AT~cTr~HANSEN "&"CO/Srm?a04 Geary at.
Railroad Work.... .: ....Railroad "Work
Free Fare ....' Free Fare
..: FOR UKIAH :... ••
100 teamsters ...". $2 a day
100 laborers :...:.:....-....- $2 a. day
FOR TRUCKEE
20 masons' helpers '. ....$1 75 to $2
EO laborers $2
..FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and headers . $2 25 to $2 50
100 laborers and muckers $2
Free Fare..... ...Ship Daily....... .Free Fare
Lumber, pliers, cross-cut sawyers and road-
makers for sawmills and woods, $2 to 12 50 a
day; strong, active man to drive delivery
wagon, $12 a week; farmer and wife, $£>;
gardener and man about place, $25; man about
place, $20; farmers, milkers and others...'....
...HOTEL. DEPARTMENT.... V...
Secdnd cook, $75; broiler, $60, hotel, -north,
fare advanced; night cook and baker, R. R.
. camp, $40, free fare; baker,' country hotel, $40;
plain laundryman, country hotel. $35; nlftht
cook", city, $60; 2 waiters, country hotel, $35;
6 waiters, country hotels, $30 and $25; 10 bell
boys, city, $10 and $15; porter' for store, $S
1 a week **
C. . R. HANSEN | & CO.V.'.V.'.'.V. -lbV Geary ' it!
1000 MEN wanted — Rock drillers, tunnel.' brush
and shovel men to work, on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co., CaL; apply on
work; steady work, {rood board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st.. room 25. San Fran-
cisco, CaL
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet. 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis BtJ, San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $60 "monthly;
special Inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St. -
BARBERS— A finely fitted 2-chalr shop; splen-
did business; for sale cheap if taken quick:
satisfactory reason for selling. F. " M.
SCHENCK. 175 S. First St.. San Jose. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 100 honorably discharged soldiers.
Apply at once room 10. 325 Montgomery Ft.;
bring discharge papers: washes $3 per day
with a bonus: office open Sunday.
'WANTED— An experienced clothing salesman;"
state age. Address Lfin Clothing. Co.. San
¦ Diego, Cal. . . • ;?•;„¦«
WANTED— First-class salesman for domestic
department: state age, experience, salary ex-
pected. Address box 4970. Call office. ,
BOYS wanted; good wages. Apply Western
Union .Telegraph Co., 300 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— First-class hotel barber shop In
mountain town.-. H. BERNARD. 104 7th st.
WANTED— Jewelers. - 32S, Bush st.. 3d floor,
room 4. " '-••-.* >^
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgom-
ery st. ' / . ¦:. .•:
TWO flrst-ciass cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. • MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. . .
YOUNG'man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st %
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and Id-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. r i\
HORSES AND WAGOyS.
40 HORSES for sale: also waeona. buggies",
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth »t. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
SECOND-HAND physician's ! coupe, rubber
tire phaeton, carts and business buggies.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st and Golden Gate ave. J
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO. 35 Dore St.. S. F. >
FOR sale — 1 small team of horses, cheap: 1
wagon. 5935 Mission, opposite Ocean View.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry. 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. S28 Harrison.
A BARGAIN in zood carriage, saddle, business'
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth St.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fasc
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EUAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wairon for sale, cheap. B32 Mission/
HOSPITALS.
MKNT.AL & nervous diseases cared for at St.
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
LOCUST ave.. 624. bet. Golden Gate and Mc-
Allister, nr. Laguna — 5 r., bath, base., $16 50.
TO Let— House of -5 rooms; large yard. 2307
Polk st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO LET — Completely well furnished house of
9 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which are
rented, paying more than bait the rent. A?-
ply at 79 South Park. - ~:
LOST AND KOUXD.
LOST— Purse containing money on Jones St.,
between Broadway and Pacific or Pacific, be-
tween Jones and Hyde. Finder will be lib-
erally rewarded -by returning same to L.
ALLEN, 405 Montgomery st., room 6...
$10 REWARD— Lost, Sunday, August 25, gold
watch and fob: Royal No. 2147666; inscribed
S. A. D. Finder return 1439 Sacramento st.
LOST — On San Leandro road, lady's tan colored
coat. Return to 135S Fifteenth ave.. East
Oakland; reward.
LOST — Leather-covered price book. No. 25. Five
dollars reward by returning same to 911
O'Farrell st. ' ¦ . .
LOST— Fraternity pin. N. Z.N.; liberal re-
ward. 771 Geary st. T .
LOST — Black cocker spaniel: male; tag 3559.
S. B. BOGART, 1346 Market st. ; reward. ,
LOST— St. Bernard dog, sable and white mark-
ings; name. Emperor. 16 Third St.; rewfurd.
LOST — White foxterrier pup: ears black; license
No. 1100. Return to 1368 Pacific St.
IT will pay to "Remember" ' that the Califor-
nia-Watch Case Co.". 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1887; reliable & con-
fldentlal; lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
~ MATTRESSES ASD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest- work guar-
anteed.- HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st.:
tel. Bush 421.
BIISCELLAXKOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand 'machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bers, mirrors, restaurant and po-
' ker tables, barroom .chairs, linoleum, new an-1
second hand; we always have a large stock oi
salcon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can chip everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023
Mlsslcn st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
¦ $1 50: 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary^,
A— BUYS, sell3 or renti gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, • shafting, pulleys,
etc. - WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
FOR Sale— Complete steam plant In first-class
condition. To be seen running at 23 Main st.
A— 53 50 DERBY and Fedcra hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. J30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE Rults. S10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery at.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; 5 drawers;
good order; complete. 1S15 Mission. ,nr. 15th.
A LOT of. oil tanks, all sizes . and shapes,
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mlaslon at.
-UNCALLED-FOR • suits from leading tailors.
Misfit Clothing Parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton.
TWO gasoline engines for sale cheap; 1 4-horse
; p. Collie. 1 2&-h. p/ Hercules; at 906 Kearny.
GASOLINE engines.' all sizes. . new and second
. hand. > J. E. = DOAK. ¦ 511 Mission St. -
• MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
; terns. jl? SO. , ICO Montgomery st.
SAFES— New -and second-hand. THE HER-
' MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St. ;
Sample : trunks ; second-hand ; good
, condition. ;H.*O. " WIEDERO, Fourth . and
Mission sts. . • . - . . . . . -
DIAMONDS, ; watches, jewelry: cash or lnstail-
¦ ments. ; Theo. Ferahtand. .. 126 .Kearny, r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
boilers ; bought and ; sold. KROGH MFG. CO.SAN RAFAEL/ Aug. 26.— M. \, J. Len
holtz :thla ' afternoon swore to a com
plaint before " Recorder : Murray charglne
D. W. Martens with exposing- poisonous
food to animals. : Some weeks ago Len
holtz purchased a sack t of , wheat from
Martens, who is a locals merchant Ac
cording to the complainant's . story the
wheat was poisoned with arsenic, and His
Belgian hare rabbltry in this city was
depopulated to the extent of several hun
dred hares. Martens claims to have
known nothing of the poisoning, ': and
says that the wheat must -have been
poisoned - after- it left his . place. The
case will be watched. with much interest
her jon account of. the prominence of
the principals. ;
Against a Prominent Business
./'" V-'f'*! ' . '/ ~ Man. ~'c\'. ' ~ ¦;.
San : Kafaelite Swears Out Warrant
ACCTJSES MEBCHANT ; OF
SELLING POISONED GRAIN
Phebe J. Hall (widow) (by Ruth A. Delport.
attorney) to Ellas Groat.- lot on N line of Mission
street, 198 i W from j SW - corner of. Washington
District School . lot, tbence 80;6 (S3), N . 264, S
¦ Jane RlIeyto'F.'M. Cook. Sr.,' lot on W-'lIne
of Mound street, 144 S of Monroe, S. 72 by W 216,
block 75, map of Alameda, 'Alameda; $2600.
Egbert B. and Stella M. f Stone to Carrie E.
Bridge, lots 12 to 15,- block A,- lots 10 and 11,
block. H, lots. 10 to 14. block I, Linda Park,
Brooklyn Township; $10. .. . . ,.- •
James S.Naism 1th and Lizzie C. Nalsmlth
(by James S. Nalsmith. attorney) to A. H. Dun
combe, all interest • in • lot ' <jn NW corner of
Fourth avenue and East Eighteenth street, SW
109.08, NW 40, NE.108, SE 40 and*a fraction of
lot -.1 and portion : of- lot 2, amended -map of
James' subdivision, portion of block 101,. East
Oakland: $10. . : ¦ ; ' ...
Sarah E. Cooper (Challen) and'W. M.. Coo
per to John- Q. Rines, lot on E line of Park
avenue, 125 S of East Eleventh street, S 25 by
E 190, portion of block C. Knowles and Potter
subdivision of Kennedy Tract, East Oakland;
$10. .•¦¦.-•¦¦¦ • ¦ : -' ¦ ¦ - • .. ¦ . .
Tunie Cooper (Challen)^and W: M. Cooper to
same, lot on E line of Park street, 100 S of East
Eleventh; S 25 by i E 100,' portion of block C,
same. East Oakland; $10. "..• ¦'- >
Estate of John H. Boalt (by Elizabeth J.
Boalt, executrix) to Jean and Eulalie Rousset,
lot on SW • corner • of Twelfth and Filbert
streets. W- 75, S 114:G to West Filbert street,
S to beginning, Oakland;- $10. - -¦-. ¦:
Elizabeth T. White to Effie W. Bailie (wife
of Joseph), lot on NW corner Manoa -street
and Afchby avenue, W E0 by N 120, portion of
block C, Claremont Tract. Berkeley: $10.
-Mary Hamilton (wife of John) to. Mary Cal
laghan (daughter), lot on- W. line of San Pablo
avenue, .125 N from Addison street, N 25 by
W 135, portion of block 100, tract B.' Berkeley
Land and Town ImDrovement -Association,
Berkeley: $10. .- - , : ¦' . T ' " .
C Garaud Jasper (or C. Gauraud Jasper)
(Daunet) (formerly wife of Alfred W.),
Clothilde G. Jasper, Alfred W. Jasper, A. W.
White (assignee estate of Clothilde Q. Jas
per, au Insolvent debtor) (by A. W. Bishop,
commissioner) to Mary A. Harrower. lot on
NW line of Fremont avenue.- 240 E from East
Fourteenth street (or county road), NW 278.75,
NE 50, SE '278.49, SW 50, portion of block A,
Linda Rosa Tract (corrected), Frultvale,
Brooklyn Township; $1401. • . • _
Mary A. narrower to Clothilde G^ Daunet
(widow), same; $1.
Joseph Maurino to Frank Maurlno. undivided p
half interest in lot 5, block 2. Northern Addi
tion to town of Livermore, Murray Township;
Lucy R. and Mary A. Simpson (by R. M.
Simpson, attorney)* to . Edward E. - Avery, lot
on S line of Simpson' avenue, 130:9 W from
Telegraph avenue, W 40 by S 106.33, portion of
lots" 5 and ti. Simpson's Tract, Oakland; $10.
Equity Building and Loan Association to
Jane D. Hale (widow), lot on S line of Mat
tie avenue,- 72. 12 W from Lowell street, S 80,
W 3' N 80.15, E.36, lots A and Q, map lots
4 and' 5. block A, J. A. McElrath .Tract, re-
M. Holloway^o Mae
Slmms (widow), lot on N line of Woolsey
street, 80 W from Harper, W 42:4 by N, 100
portion of block 6, portion of Central Park
Tr j-ohn Tv^an^CaVharlne E. Rellly to Henry
C and Sophie D. Simon, land beginninif at
NE corner of lot 4. thence S 22S E to center
in Kin*ell avenue, N 225. W 340:6. portion of
lot 3. man of Peralta' Tract, Brooklyn Town
5 Marjf^UMli (widow) to Elsie H. Crawford, lot
on NE line of Monte Vista avenue, 625 SE of
Piedmont or Webster, avenue, SE 25 by NE 114,
lot 26 map Piedmont Villa Tract, portion plat
19 Rancho V. and D.- Peralta, Oakland;. $5.
Catherine A. Perati to Archibald Perati (hus
band) undivided half Interest in lot U.\ block
44L map eurvey No/ 982 -for E. Blgelow, Oak-
Charles Wagner to Karl H. Nickel, lot on NW
line of Oak avenue, J5 NE of Moss avenue, NE
30 bv NW 126.25. portion of tilocK H, resubdlvi
sion'of blocks G and H. Flint Tract, portion
of Oakland Heights, Oakland; $10. .?
Lydla L. McKenzie (by George H. Mastick,
attorney) to Edward C. Sessions Jr., lot on NE
corner • of East Twenty-first and Commerce
streets' NW 124 by NE 300, East Oakland; $500.
Estate of Rollin McCune (by George H. Mas
tick, administrator) to Bame, same, East Oak-
James A: and Dena I. : Webster, Mary E.
Alexander and Sarah L. Sumner to Eben E.
"Webster lot on SE line of Ninth avenue, 100
NE of East Seventeenth street, SE 128 by NE
50, portion of block 95, Clinton. East Oakland;
mo. '..¦'"¦'¦ .- •'.¦'-• •- v --' ¦¦ ¦
' Eben E. Webster to Mary E. Alexander (wife
of James M.) and Sarah L. Sumner (widow),
lot on NE corner of East Seventeenth street and
Ninth avenue, SE S6:6 by NE10O,. portion of
block 95, Clinton, ' East Oakland; also lot on
NE line of East Seventeenth street, 150 SE of
Tenth avenue, SE 50 by NE 100, portion of block
94, - same, ; East Oakland; also, lots 19 and 20,
block 56, map Larue's addition to towrf of Clin
ton and San Antonio, East: Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
Alexander R. Baldwin to Jessie E. Baldwin,
lot on NE corner of Devisadero and Union
streets. E 55 by N 137:6; gift. • ¦
Mary M. Bell to Rebecca Irwln, lot S line of
Clay street, 87:6 E of Cherry, E 25 by.S 102:8V4;
$10. • ¦ '¦-..-. •¦ . j- . ,
Thomas and Catherine Downing to E. Petrie
Hoyle and Alice M. Hoyle. lot on N;line of
Jackson street, 207;6 E of First avenue, E 93,
N 80, SW 95, SE 75; $10. , . - -,
¦ S. H. Seymour to F. W. Krone,' lot on NE
line of Thirteenth street, 91:3 SE.of Mission, |
SE 25, NE 148:6, NW 25, SW 146:9i/4; $10, - . 1
Peter J. McSweeney to Mary J. McSweeney,
lot on W line of Capp street, 160 N of Twenty.,
third, N 40 by W 122:6; gift. ¦ •
Luigi Devlncenzi to Gulseppe Devincenzi,
lot on W line of Stockton street, 55 N of
Jackson, N 41:3 by W 53:6; also all interest in
estates of Guiseppe and Giovanni Devincenzi
(deceased); $1600. • '*'¦¦¦¦
William E. and Kittle A. Bain, W. F. Saw
yer and F. B. Dallam (trustees) to William B.
Waldron lot on N line of Twenty-third (Ne
vada) street, 50 E Rhode Island," E 25 by N
100; $10. ti-tfvJiTi* ¦ . r » ¦
Real Estate and Development Company to
Joseph B. Coryell, undivided one-eighth interest
in the following: Lot on S line of Eighteenth
(Solano) street), '9 E of Rhode Island, E 184:8,
SAV 110:10%," NW 153:9ralso lot on W line of
De Haro street, 150 8 of Marlposa, W 110, NE
to Mar'.posa, E to De Haro, S 150; also lot on
NW corner of Eighteenth and De Haro streets,
N 150, W 180, SW. to Rhode Island, S. 113:5.
E 200- also lot on NW corner of Mariposa and
Carolina streets, W 200, N 68:9. NE to Carolina,
S 368:11; grant.
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Real
Estate ' and De\-elopment Company, undivided
one-half interest in lot on NE corner of Marl
posa and Connecticut streets, E 100 by N 200;
Emll Sutro Jr. (by H. P. Umbsen, commis
sioner) to Isaac Strassburger, ,lot on SE. corner
of A street and Thirty-fifth avenue, S 150 by
E 240; $1900. ¦ -. '. ' ¦ .. - '
Elize Colehower (Leweodowltz) to Hubert C.
Wyckoff, re-record 1921 D. 22, lot on NE corner
of Twentieth • avenue and Fulton (D) street, N
100 and E 32:6; $10.. '
. Hubert C and Anabel Wyckoff to Isaac
Liebes. same; $10. ,
John H. Coult to' Emma A. Hultberg, lot on
SE line of Buena .Vista street, 99:3% NE of
Park Hill avenue, NE 29, S 134:5Vi, W 26, N
121:7%, being a portion of blocks B and E,
Park Hill Homestead Association; $10.. ' • -
¦Carl and Annie J. -Anderson to John Brgrnte
son lot 22, block 3, Marlon Tract (hospital lot) ;
$10. ' ¦ ' - - '• . '.¦¦¦¦" '¦ ¦ ¦: -
George Heyl to Clara Heyl, lot on- S line o£
Fourteenth street, 145 E of Howard, E 25 by
S 100; gift. - J ~\ " . ' . .
Rosa Cavagnard to Lena, Albina, Clara. Cat
terlna and Alberto Cavagnaro, lot on W lln».
of Landers, 144:6 N of Sixteenth, N 25 by W
125; gift.
Bernardo BIsso to'B. Solari, undivided one
half interest in-' lot on N' line of Vallejo street,
J37:6 W of Montgomery,- W 20 by N X37:6;.$1200.
Veronica- and • Antonio Flgone to Columbus
Savings and Loan Society, lot on.E line -of
Jasp«r place,- 77:6 S of -Filbert streei,_S 40 by
B 60; $10.- — ¦ -' •'•- •*'*
Hurry K. "U'cods. Edward Barry, /Charles G.
Mlnlfle and Timothy J. Lyons (as trustees es
tate Francis H. Woods, etc.*' to John McGaw,
lofon W line of Powell street. 45:10 N of Clay,
N 22:lt by W 68:9; $10. ..... ; : -
Nathan Bush to Charles and Harry Bush, lot
on NW line of Foisom'&treet, 50 SW of Har
riet, SW 25 by NW 75; $8000. .. _¦¦
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to
Rubin Sldeman, lot 5, block j 11, Paul Tract
Homestead; $10. : . '¦ ¦ ; ¦ . ; ; . • .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. G. B. T>ondert> (owner), with Carlo Selore
(contractor), architect Harold D. Mitchell— All
work except plumbing, gasfitting and sewering
for a " three-story frame building with ¦ brick
basement (four flats and store) on the SW cor
ner of Powell and Greenwich streets, S 25 by
W 70; total. *740O.
! Rosa and Karl Rossi (owners), with S. Ducas
(contractor and architect)— All work for a 5
room frame cottage on lot 426, Silver Terrace
Homestead; total. $1350.
Margaret A. Connolly (owner), -with R. M.
Ellis (contractor), architects Shea & Shea—Al
terations and additions to a three-story and
basement frame building on the W line of
Larkih street." 137:6 N of Golden' Gate' avenue,
¦N 55 by W S7:6; total.' $1630. . . •
Standard Electric Company (owners), with
Alfred W. Burrell (contractor), architect Ed
ward R. Swain— AH work for a two-story and
basement brick building on E line of Vermont
Ptreet. 1C0 N of Alameda, N ICO by E 200, PN
133; total, U9.S64.
Builders' Contracts.
Blanche M. Whitman to Isabella Speer, lot on
S line of-Carlton street, 200 E of McGee ave
nue, E 40 by S 132:6. portion of block 8. map of
Case Tract, Berkeley; gift. - .
Elizabeth T. White to Joseph F, Tapley, lot
on N line of Webster street, 400 E from W line
of Claremont- Tract, N 141.75 by E 50. lot 42,
block E, Claremont Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Stanley and Mary A. Jewett to same, lot be
ginning at a point in center lins of Sacramento
street. 352.4 S of Rose,' 6 50 by NE 191:6, portion
of plat 89, .Rancho V. and D. Peralta. Berkeley;
no
83:6, W 264, being same premises conveyed to
P. J. Hall, 455 D, Washington Township;, $300.
Olive D. Ayer (Denison) and R. B.. Ayer to
Storman Bliss.- lot on NW corner of Third and
J streets. N 150 by W 73, portion of block 58,
town of Nlles, warranty deed, • "Washington
Township; $10. •
Lucinda L. Rainow (widow) to Josephine
Honley (widow), lot on W line of West street.
75, S of Nineteenth. S 25 by W 100." portion of
block S. map of Barnes Tract,, subject to deed
of. trust, Oakland; $10. ,
Annie A. and James O. Shaylor to Charles H.
Symmes, all interest In lot on W. line of Camp
bell street, 50 N of Seward, N 30 by W 115, por
tion of block 711, portion of plats 385 and 386,
Oakland; $10. . ' ' ¦
Joseph Folcia to Giuseppe Traverso, all inter-,
est in lot on S line of Brown or Thirty-fourth
street, 253 W of Telegraph avenue, W 30 by S
123. Oakland; $10. . :
SALINAS, Aug. 26.— Mrs. M. Isabella
Wyckoff was awarded -heavy ' damages
against the Pajaro Valley Consolidated
Railroad Company to-day, the jury re
turning a verdict for $15,000 in her favor.
Mrs. <,Wyckoff's husband, an engineer on
the railroad, was killed in an accident. in
January, 1899, and in her suit for dam
ages she' alleged that the company was
guilty of contributory negligence. The
case will be fought out in the . higher
courts. . 1 " ¦ .'• ' " • . .
ages for the Accidental Death
I -'; of Her Husband.
Mrs. Wyckoff Awarded Heavy, Dam-
GETS A' $15,00O VERDICT
AGAINST THE RAILROAD
( Six of these Britons were at the Coun
ty Clerk's- office to-day and took out
their first - naturalization papers. They
claim that this will help them evade any
effort to take them back, into the British
navy. The men say that they left the
cruiser because they were tired of it, and
one or two said that i they .were under
detention, to be tried j in Esquimau for
s&me petty offense. <
SAN DIEGO, -Aug. 26i— When the cruis
er: Phaeton left here yesterday she did
not take air of her sailors. Eleven of
them had stolen a cutter' and had : come
away, and only two had been captured
and returned to the cruiser. The others
remained in hldlngor, betook themselves
to the hills untirafter the vessel was out
of sight; Then - they returned to San
Diego, purchased • citizens' clothing - and
started out to seek work. .
ton Take Out Naturalization
..Papers.
Six Deserters From the Cruiser Phae-
BRITISH TAJEIS' DESIRE 'V *p ¦ .
to Become amebicans
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 27; 1901.
11
TO LEASE. -"
TO lease at low rent— A first-rate chance for
a restaurant in a downtown business loca-
tion; store, which can be fitted into a res-
taurant,' and basement, or 3 stories and
basement. By 'JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st.
.PROPOSALS.
NOTICE to architects— Office of Directors of
Veterans' Home, room 13, No. 320 Sansome
Bt. t San Francisco, Cal., August 13. 1901.— To
Architects: Under an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville, Napa County, State of California,
and appropriating money therefor." approved
March 26, 1901 (Statutes 1901, page 823) the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home of
California hereby invites and advertises for
¦plans and specifications in details for the
: erection and construction of a modern ¦ hos-
pital for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville. Napa County, In the State of
California. Said hospital shall be erected on
the grounds of the Veterans'- Home of Cali-
fornia, at Yountville, Napa County, in this
State, on the part of said grounds set apart
for such purpose by the said Board of Di-
rectors, to wit, in the open field or lot north
of the present hospital building. The amount
to be expended In the erection and construe-,
tion of said hospital, including, the payment'
for the necessary plans therefor, and all nec-
essary expenses therefor, shall not exceed
the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars
1 ($25,000), as provided by said act above en-
titled, which said act, and the. whole there-
of. Is hereby referred to and made a part
of this notice, the same as if written at
length herein. Drawings — Drawings shall be
of the usual working scale; drawings in black
and white. Architects competing are further
referred to the site for the erection of said
building, as hereinbefore referred to. Com-
pensation—The architect whose plans shall be
chosen shall receive a commission or premium
us architect, to be paid for his services, tas
compensation, as follows, that is to say, lie
[ Ehall receive the sum of five hundred dollars
($500) for plans, specifications and working
details, the architect not to supervise, the
construction of . the building. The plans,
specifications and details ultimately to be
prepared shall conform to all legal "require-
ments -of - buildings of the character above
described. ' The plans and specifications
herein . referred to. must be delivered to the
Board of Directors, or the secretary ¦ thereof,
at the /office of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13i . 320 Sansome St.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on or before 12-o'clock noon, on
the seventeenth day of September, 1901. For
further information competing architects are
hereby referred to the said secretary at said
room 13, 320 Sansome St., San Francisco,
Cal. The said Board of Directors reserve the
right to reject any and all plans and specifi-
cations submitted. By order Of the Boai'd of
Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia. Dated this 10th day of August, 1901. .
SAMUEL W. BACKUS, President.
. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary. • \ ¦
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., August 14, 1901.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m., Thursday, August
29,." 1901. and then opened, for construction
(Including plumbing, heating s and electric
wiring) of hospital at Fort Mason, Cal. Gov-
ernment reserves right to reject or accept any
or aU bids in whole or In part. Preference
given to' articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (including in the
price of foreign productions -the duty there-
on) being equal, and 6uch preference- given
to articles of American production produced
on the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the* public service there. Infor-
mation furnished on application .to , J. M.
MARSHALL, > Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
earl. Chief Q. M. -
MARRIAGE LICENSES. 1
The following marriage licenses -were issued
yesterday: » . ¦
Ernest M. Furman,. 45. Fresno, and Ruby
M. Roller. IS. Los Gatos. -
Charles H. J. Truman, 30, 318 Mason street,
and Alice O. Theuerkauf, 25, 344 Dolores street.
I Louis H. Krlll, 29. 6 Virginia court, and Isa-
bella F. Halman, 23, Alameda.
Fred B. Montell, 24, city, and Marie ' O.
Stockton, 23, city.
Elton F. Fay, 33, Cheyenne, Wyo., and Ida
C. Doane. 33. city.
Frank Macke, 42. Sacramento, and Dora E.
McLennon, 38, Sacramento.
William R. Conners, 22, 528 Jessie street,
and Annie P. Stueke. 19, 1013 Howard street.
Harry Mack, 26, southwest corner of Pacific
and Stockton streets, and Eva Clark, 25, West
Berkeley. . . .
Henry E. Tolchard. 27, 19 Beaver street, and
Sarah Goslimer, 22. 1233 Bush street.
James P. FoDpiano, 37, 715 Lombard street,
and Marie C. Casslnelli. 27. 1108 Clay street.
Thomas B. Wright,' 27, Gualala, and Nellie
Wilson, 21. Gualala.
Jesse G. Holden. 21. 782 Ellis street, and
Stella E. Smith. 18. 782 Ellis street.
BIRTHS— MARRIftBES-DEATHS.
Birth,' marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed wlthlthe name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. •
BORN.
AHLBORN— In this city, to the wife of C. J.
Ahlborn, a son. . (Auburn papers please copy.)
BAILEY— In this city. August 25. 1901, to the
wife of George S. Bailey, a son. .
BARNER— In this city, July 28, ,1901, to the.
wife of L. H. Barner, a daughter.
STEIN— In this city, August 18, 1901. to the
wife of William F. Stein. . a son.
MABRIED.
CALHOUN— ANDREWS— In this city, August
21, 1901. by the "Rev. Philin Coombe, James
E. Calhoun of Mojave and Ida May Andrews
of this city. ' . *
DIED. ~
Allen. Jane Lynch. Win lam F.
Bush. Nathan Marks, Harry
Collins, Mary Martin, Elizabeth R,
' Cosgrove, Eugene C. McConnell, Maggie
Dillon, James G. McLaughlin, Jane
' Duffy, Margaret F. Miller, George
Ennis. William, C. Mueller. Prof. C.
Fay, Ellen Riewerts, Ocke H.
Field, Sue Virginia Scull, Clara E.
Haera, Frank Shanabrook, Dora
Heyl, George . Sheldon. Adele M.
Keane, Dennis T>. Snailham. Benjamin
Kelly, Minnie F. Wilke, Rebecca
Koch, Hilda Wyss, Christian Jr.
Lowell, Emma Jane
ALLEN— In this city, August 26. 1901, Jane
Allen, beloved wife of the late John Allen,
mother of James H., John D., Katie and
Willie Allen, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aeed 56 years.
CTTuneral notice hereafter.
BUSH— In this city. August 25. 1901. Nathan
Bush, beloved husband of Clara Bush, and
dearly beloved father of Harry and Charles
. Bush and the late Becky and Toby Bush, a
native of Germany, aged 63 years. (Eastern
and German papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1274 Eddy street, near Buchanan. "In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by spe-
cial car.
COLLINS— In this city. August 26, 1901. Mary
Collins, a native of Blarney, Ireland.
COSGROVE— In this city, August 25, 190L Eu-
gene Charles, dearly beloved son of Joseph
J. and ¦ Mary A. Cosgrove, and brother of
Anna J. and Joseph L. Cosgrove. a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years and 13 days.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9.30 o'clock, from the rtsidenco
of the parents, 2202 Union street. Inrtermenf
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DILLON— In this city, August 26, 1901, James
G. Dillon, beloved son of Catherine Dillon,
and brother of Mrs. Mary E. Attrldge, a
native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 52 years.
DUFFY— In this city, August 24, 1901. Mar-
garet F., beloved wife of Patrick T. Duffy,
mother of Rose M., John P., Frank A. and
Marguerite C. Duffy, Mrs. James Burke
and Mrs. William Hill, sister of Mrs. . Ellen
Duffy, and aunt of T. Anselm Duffy, a na-
tive of Thurles, County Tipperary, Ireland.
(C^Frlends - and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 52 Webster street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high masa
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at • 10 o'clock. . -Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery. . r',-\ ¦
ENNIS— In Oakland, August 25, 1901, William
C. Ennls; beloved husband of Milly Ennls,
and father of Mabel. Wagner. Edith, Daisy
and Helen Ennis, and brother of Mrs.-- John
K. -Pierce, a native of Connecticut, aged 62
years. A member of Court Advocate No.
7378,. A. O. F., and Oakland Tent No. 17,
Knights of -the Maccabees and Fireman's
Relief Association. -.' (New . London, Conn.,
paper please copy.) •- - -- ;
ETTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth' st., opposite Lincoln School.
t Telephone South 80. '
Mt. Olivet Cemetery;
'-. : '~i''.' ., San Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET. V
. ' . . J. HENDERSON, Manager.
\ ' . -. .. ¦ ....¦¦
vNEWFIRMOF UNDERTAKERS. '
• Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the • United'. Undertakers': Association; M.
J. McBrearty, with* the -same company for
10 years; P. F. - Green, late with J. C.
O'Connor & Co.. have opened nfew Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and .Eighth. Telephone South 44. -,
Eugene McGinn. - McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 232. • •• San "Francisco.
•NojCtonnectlon Vyith^ Any^Other House. '¦
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ _ _ . FRPITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1000— 6-ROOM house: stable; chicken-houses;
if u lt trees; corner; 50x140; nice place. Call at
214 Sutter Et.. hat etore.
ROO51S FOR HOUSEKEEPING. •
C APp . K2— Unfurnished, sunny . housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
EIGHTH. 10>4. near Market— Bedroom and
Kitchen with cooking stove; sunny side.
EIGHTH, 225—3 lovely. Bunny rooms for house-
Keeplng; water; yard; $10. '
FIFTH, 348— Suite rooms, furnished for house-
keeplng; rent cheap. ;'
HOWARD. 23S1— 2 or 4 sunny well fur. rooms;
ill to couple; coal stove; fold, bed; storeroom.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front, basement suite; 2 or
3 rooms; gas stove; laundry; yard; $17.
JOHN. 4\i. off Powell, nr. Pacific— Four fur-
nlehed housekeeping rooms, cheap.
LAGUNA, 1107— Three ! housekeeping rooms,
furnished; lower floor; adults; bath and
piano; .rent $15.
MISSION. 2S03>£— Furnished front room for
light housekeeping; gas stove.
O'FARRELL, 628— Large, sunny front alcove.
• unfurnished; gas; running water; very rea-
sonable. - - - . ' - • ..
O'FARRELL. 917— Floor of 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms. . ' - - - .
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POLK, 1620—3 sunny furnished housekeeping
' rooms; bath and laundry.
THIRD. 335 — Furnished rooms, • suitable for
housekeeping. •, *
TURK. 123— Very fine suite housekeeping; also
others; newly furnished; private home.
TURK. 625— Solar fiats; l}ne; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping:
unfurn. and furnished: electricity; janitor.
TURK. 809— Three nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas and bath.
WALLER. 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping;
beautiful suite of sunny parlors; lavatory, hot
and cold water; gas grate;- grand view; also
sunny bedroom; private family. '
a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia »t. ¦».... . ¦:
ROOMS TO LET-: — Farn. and Dnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best U a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up;' meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUXSWICK HOUSE.' 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars. ¦
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. jl to }3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, tl 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 912— A few rooms in an elegant, private
¦ home, in excess of needs of present occu-
pants, can be rented by refined and unex-
ceptionable married couples or gentlemen;
house modern: all conveniences; hot and cold
water at all hours; furnishings best procur-
able; location convenient to business; only
parties who appreciate a refined environment
need apply; to such rates will be reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 217— Nicely furnished double room, suit-
able for 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
ELLlS, 321 — Thoroughly renovated; .100 sunny
rooms; 25c night; ?1 25 week.
FIFTH. 107— Sunny pleasant unfurnished rooms
to let. ¦ ¦ ; • ¦ ¦ -
FIFTH, 119. second flat— Single and double
rooms from $7. .- . ...
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
euites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1137. bet. Van Xess and Franklin— New-
ly furn. rms., en suite or single; bath, phone.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
6t.. near Market— Central location: new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
&0c per day and upward; special rates by tha
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
HOWARD. 1018. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Nicely
furnished rooms, with gas; suites and single
and housekeeping- rooms; terms : reasonable.
JONES, JH7— Sunny parlors, Just newly and
elegantly furnished; modern; private; reas.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up: 35c a day up.
MARKET, 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms; for
transient; for travelers; baths. •
MARKET. 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates: running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred: references. '. . - . ,-
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur. ; single . rooms, $10 up.
MASOX. 107 — Large, nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; .also housekeeping rooms. -
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh — Pleasant room
for 1 or 2 persons; private family; $1 50 per
week.
NATOMA, 2S4, near Fourth— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink, closets.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 832— Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, en suite and single; $10 up; bath;. ref.
O'FARRELU 691— One nicely" furnished front
rooTi in private family; reasonable. ' ¦
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies* par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl 50; week, $2 to
ti; month, $8 to {20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths. .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 232— Nice sunny clean suites and
tingle rms.; run, .water; baths; phone; cheap.
SUTTER. 1105— Furnished sunny rear rooms;
running water: closets; $9 per month. . .
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant rultes;
single rooms; running water; transient.
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ness ave. "
Bachelors* apartments : elegantly furnished:
all sunny rooms: references. - ¦¦" .
ROOMS AXD BOARD. .
California. £07 — Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive room*.
MCALLISTER. 84S— Large alcove single rooms,
suitable for 2 or 3 persons; fine table board.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, E19— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., sunny suites; best table board.'
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
| ROO3IS WANTED.
TWO good sunny rooms, unfurnished, light '
housekeeping ; rent it to $8; near Third and
Mission sts. Box 4828. Call office. . r
BT September 1, five furnished housekeeping
rooms: adults: state rent. Box 4966. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES. j
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC | COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10, tel. 5580.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor; trial free; send for circular. S35 Mkt.. r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 614 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, ' rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates ;phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
""" SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
• Market, bet.. 7th and 8th; other machines.'
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st.;, tel. Howard 841. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIN'S Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ... .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 28V
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GJiE~ATTBARGA INS IN~TYPE WRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters: new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansomo._
F-orisf Co.
V. ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices' Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.n M *ELLIS 7SSF. 5056
Santa Fe Trains
: Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
~~~ r ("Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily , ; Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:65 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Visalia... 3:40 p 4:43 a
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
•• Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
*9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday on'y.
carrying ¦ Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday. and
Friday. ' . ' • ' ' ' .'•
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno -local.
Corresponding train arrives at. 12:30 p. m.
daily. , ~ ~- -
8:00 p. m.. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p..m.
daily. ¦ ¦
7:20 a. m.- is Bakersfield Local, stopping at
all points ' in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily. ¦
Offices — 641 Market | street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
lanfl. '-• ¦•¦ - ¦-¦¦¦ -'«¦••
PERSOXALS.
of the world; ckll o? send for circular
I^Sat?^^^--^-" mlrrOn
jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. ?13 np; fine dress suits. J20 up • ele
pant overcoau US up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Harkct St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE trial— Superfluous hair permanently re
mored; new method; harmless; lady in IV
tendance. 935 Market, r. 5; sample mailed 25c*
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. *2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTIV^
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton st.. near Broadwa^!
WILL Marion. Joseph or Edwin Oiiphant cleas^
efldress ERNEST IRVING, box 4933. Calf.
FACE massage, 50c; a new and scientific treat"
mem; done at in Mason Et. F. A? ZIRket.'
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; S5c; all druggists.
ALFUEDUMS Eg>-pUan Henna; restores mv
hsir to its natural color; $i : at all dru gg !If 8 y
FI'PERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
needle. MISS EATON. 1U9 "utter s?
TAILOR-MADE FUits. J7 50- dress nants t-> %n"
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor! Bush «Sd Dufanc
°\££S£ fKg lif ig^t" 8 .^
MASQl'ERADE costumes, plav books w!pV"
oour.try orders. GOLDSTKIN I Co!li3M?t'
rUYSICIAXS AXD SCItGEOSS.
DR~C. C. O'DOxTcelCIohW and r^de^cT
1034 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh!
VTi. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body- see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A - D ?« "JONG WOO. herb doctor; Banitariuni;
TC4-7C6 Clay St.: see testimonials at office.
rLAXIXG AXD TUflMXC MILLS.
n . d Iv «T Turning Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st?
REAL ESTATE--CITY--FOR SALE.
? P. MIDDLETON. Auctioneer! ~
. 1 , 11 Montgomery tt.
Auction saie to clos-* the estate of John Mad-
d»s. deceased. Wednesday, August 2S 12
o'ciock M. -» -
At Salesroom. 11 Montgomery et
:4i7-:419 Harrison et.; two 2-Etory houses cf
?. rooms and bath earn; stable; lot E2xl00 feef
rents JM. *
:32-TS4-736-T3S Treat ave.; 4 modern fiats, 6
sr.d 5 rooms • and bath, lot 00x12 -6 feet-
rpnts, 56S. '
V979 Harrison St.: cottace. 7 rooms and bath
£r.<i etaWe; rents, $16; lot 25x100 feet.
OWNERS cf property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to eell. call on
W. J. GTJNN. E30 California Et., 8. F. £av-
ir.gB Union buiidlne.
SIX, seven and eight room cottages: also two
f.at houses In block between 17th. . ISth. Castro
er.d Noe rts.: hi. cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guexrero-Et. cars. F. NEL-
FON. builder.
SUBURBAN tracts,, near Burilngaxne and
waterworks. MARK LAJCE. 631 Market et.,
opposite Palace HoteL
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
SPECIAL bargain — 160 acres land, near Tuba
City. Sutter County, short distance from
llerysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; pood buildings and well watered and
Jeueed: this land will be 6old in whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
baildlngs; well fenced; Ehort distance - from
Tuba City, Sutter County; will be sold Sn
whole or in part to cult purchaser, and at an
*.' extremely low price. The two above pieces
• 1 are situated In the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be eeen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call office,
for Information a bargain will be given.
'¦ FOH SALE XEAE SAN FRAXCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati.* Sonoma Ca; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco 1b growing rapidly; location
best for -poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California, et.. for pam-
phlets or Information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. n. WIXFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
Wooater. Whltton & Montgomery. 6»4 Market.
MILL VALLEY" REAL ESTATE.
PINELY furnlsncd bouses to rent for the win-
ter at reduced rates; choice Improved and un-
improved property for sale; fine lot 67x130;
will build to EUlt purchaser; sun all day; 5
minutes to depot; $200 down, balance install-
ments. S. H. ROBERTS. Real Estate and
Insurance. Mill Valley. Cal. -_^
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Eale of cheap lots; $150 to $300; choice
locations.
Fine houses for sale or rent.
E. P. JCDD * CO.. 1«24 Park St.. •Alameda.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquit ed by foreclosure; *4 cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000 FOR a new S-room cottage, modern In
every respect; porcelain bath, tiled sink,
handsome mantel, laundry, gas and electric
fixtures; one block to station and cars; only
S200 cash, balance $20 per month. W. C.
MOEAN & CO.
7 JC250 FOR a new and modern 7-room house,
near the uni\-erslty and In. choicest part of
town; easy terms if desired. -W. C. MORAN
& CO. -
5C0O— DON'T forget those lots in the Wheeler
tract. Just north of the U. C. grounds; cheap-
est property In Berkeley. W. C. MORAN &
CO.. Schmidt block. Berkeley or Lorin etatlon.
?;<w:. — ix) you want a bargain? Just look at
this; fine bouse and lot. house in perfect
order, containing 6 rooms, together with a
fine corner lot 60x100; street work all done;
only one block from station, and within 5
minutes of university grounds.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
f3300— NEW 9-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped with -window shades, combination
fixtures, ga» and electric lighting; corner lot;
street work all done; very accessible to rail-
road and electric ears.
Only $1400— 6-roonj house. large lot. within
walking distance of university.
JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY HOMES FOR SALE.
Nice 5-room cottage, near cars, S223>; also a
good 6-room cottage, near cars and university, |
12600: both on easy terms.
A first-class 7-room house; new; in choice
location; J2750. MAT & MORTIMER,
2188 Center rt.. Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
-1 OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JlSOO— ON monthly payments; very pretty, near-
ly new cottage of seven rooms, bath, hall,
bay-window, high baaement, brick founda-
tion, etc. all In fine condition; lot 27x150 feet
(note the size), with driveway and barn that
cost $200; street sewered and macadamized;
buildings Insured for $1400; nice lawn In front
and back; abundance of flowers : bouse cost
$1500 to build; good neighborhood; handy to
schools and churches;" close to Telegraph ave.;
ftreet newly macadamized; cement walks
laid; rents for $14 per month; title perfect and
guaranteed; big bargain for the money; total
price JlSOO on monthly payments; liberal dis-
count for quick cash eale; Investigate thli at
once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO.. .
Exclusive agents for this property,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
EPECIAIi BARGAINS.
REAL SNAPS.
Call and See These Fine New Houses.
K2S0— New borne of 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
just completed; close in town.
(4000— New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
sold; fine location.
:«CC— New house, t rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street.
Also a number of new homes in course of con-
ctructlon. ___ - -
A. J. SNYDER,
4CT Ninth et.. Oakland.
b;o CASH, $6 monthly: lot « 40-100x408 feet;
prand chicken run; 3-room cottage, chicken
house, eheds and all fenced; fine well of Al
'•ater; large row of ehade trees; near electric
car line and 80-foot boulevard and 3-story pub-
lic grammar school; boII, climate and view the
very beat: no fogs nor cold winds here; price
«ll told SC5. Call or send for circular, 435 7th,
n.. opposite Broadway station. Oakland; car-
rlape free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
PCRXITl'BE K _ OR A^k 1 ?:.
¦fV^* introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
r furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
-. VU S»o»%Ut» Ferrj— Foot of Mtrtti Bt J .
8:09 a. M.I f 12:15 P. it
9:00*. U. • ' ' ¦ 1:15 P. U.
10.-0OA.U.I- tDNSin j 330F.K.
130P.M. ; , 6:60 P. K.
230 P. M.J f. 7dO». it
- Ptre. S*aPr»B«<MslsSss«ltia4*M«ra.tI4«
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & SaosalUo Ferry,
GREAT NORTHERN RAiLWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS. - •
Sally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
, Dining Car. Meals a la Carte,
: Library Observation Car. -
REDUCED -ROUND TRIP RATES TO
i EASTERN POINTS.
- K. 8. BLAIR.TGen.' Agt, 633 Market It, '-.'
M..P. BRASCH. Com. Agent. .
¦ - ¦ ¦ - 536 Market St.. . City. •
DOUBLE - DAILT TRAIN SERVICE BE-
TWEEN 8KAGUAY AND WHITE HORSE.
Special Steamer from White Horse to Hoota-
linqua and Big Salmon mines.
Direct connection^ made at WHITE HORSE
WITH BRITISH YUKON NAVIGATION-
COMPANY'S . FLEET OF FINE STEAMERS
TO DAWSON. .
Connections made at DAWSON FOR at.t,
LOWER YUKON RIVER POINTS. .
For freight over this route, quick dispatch Is
assured; to the traveler, comfort and quick
time. : .- .
¦ The White Pass and Yukon Route Is the
Summer Tourist's Paradise. . .
E C. HAWKINS, General Manager. Seattle.
Wash. ,. . .
J. FRANCIS LEE. Traffic Manager. . -
f^EHSSHE*:..SkaeTuay. Alaska; Seattle. Wash.
.To the" ATLIN. WHITE HORSE. HOOTA-
LINQUA. BIG SALMON. STEWART RIVER.
KLONDIKE and YUKON MINING DIS-
TRICTS. r . .
Ocean steamers connecting with rail line at
Skaguay. Alaska. y
YUKONROUTE.
WHITE PASS AND
tions.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. '
Via Sausalito Farry.
Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIXET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
12:45. *1:45, 3:13. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. "lO^. 11:00, 11:33
a m.. 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:CC, «:00. 7:31
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. "'
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:13
a -m., »12:25. 1:13. 2:20. *3:35, <:40, 5:30 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00. 9:45, »ll:00 a. m., "12
m., 1:00.. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. •5:45. «:43. 7:30. 10:l»
p rn. ~ -
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. -7:55. 8:33, 10:3>
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ...
SUNDAYS-* :33. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:U.
1:20 2:30 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:13. 10:30 p. m.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
6:65 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' '
5:13 p. m. week days /Saturdays exeepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
.RAILWAY TBAVEL.
GALIFORBU HORTHWESTEBB RY. Cd
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND HORTH PACIFIC
* RAILWAY COM PAN V.
Tiburen Ferry. Foot of Market Sfc
Son Fran=I«:o u San Uafaal.
WEEK 'DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30 B:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. in.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.\ . _. _ :? . ti j
¦ - fean Rai'asl loSnn Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6.35 p. m. . ..
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40,3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p.m. 1 j
. Leave \ I In Effect | Arrive .
San Francisco. |Aprll 23. 1001.1 San Francleco.
Week I Sun- A | -Sun- 1 Week
Days. ( days. I Destination. . days. I Days.
7:30 am) 8:00 am Novato, |1):W am 8.40 am
3:30 pmf 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pro 10:25 am
6:10 pmi 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton, '
7:30 am ' Windsor. 10:23 am
- 5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
• . Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm S:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:uo pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmj 8:00 am| and TJktah. | 7:35 pm| 15:20 pm
7:30 am • ¦ > |10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle.l 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma. I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
I and ) ¦
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm[ 6:20 pnj
7:30 am] S:CO ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulshur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at .Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, KiKhland Sprines. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper ! Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John- I>ay's. Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Banhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal. Willlts, Laytonville. Cummlna,
Bell's Springs, Harris, OUen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. • ¦ • ¦
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates, -. ¦•' •> ¦ • ¦ •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
bevend San Rafael, at half rates. • . :
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildinc. . -. ,
H. C. WHITING, '. K. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manuager. Gen. Pass. Aft.
¦ E7FrIend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the • funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
Metzler's parlors, 636 Washington atreet. In-
terment Laurel • Hill Cemetery. • .;-
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where services
will be held under the auspices of the Nord-
deutscher Frauen Verein. Interment I. O.
.O. F. Cemetery.
WYSS— In this city, August 24, 1901, . Christian
Wyss Jr., beloved son of Christian and Cath-
arine Wyss. brother of Anna, Mary and
Catharine Wyss, a native of California, aged
8 years 3 months and 20 days. .
EMMA HARRINGTON, Fin. Sec.
SHELDON— In this city, August 24, 1901,
Adele M. Sheldon, a native of New . York,
asred 36 years. ¦: . • ¦
C^Frlends and % . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at
the rooms of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
: stieet. i Interment private.
SNAILHAM— In Alton, Humboldt County, Cal.,
- Benjamin, beloved husband of Rose Snail-
ham. and brother of William and Thomas
Snailham, aired 25 years. ,
WILKE— In Lorln, Berkeley, ; Cal., August 25
1901, Rebecca, beloved wife of the late Henry
Wilke, and mother of Henry Wilke, and sls-
ter-ln-Iaw of Mr. Groth,' a native of Ger-
many, aged 46 years and 20 days, i
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday); at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 23 Folsom avenue. .
OFFICERS and, members of Inter Nos Circle
No. 215, C. of F.-ot A.: ,You are hereby no-
tified to attend the funeral of our late com-
panion, Dora : Shanabrook, to-day (Tues-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late residence,
23 Folnom avenue, off Folsom street, near
Eighth. By order cf
1 MARY ERRETT. C C. ,
(•^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, I from her late
residence, 620 Jessie street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
EHANABROOK— In this city, August 24, 1901.
Dora, beloved wife of William S. Shana-
brook, and sister of Mrs. P. H. Coyle, Mrs.
T. .Mathews, Mrs. E. Walsh and Charles
Smith, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years, and 9 months, A member of Inter Nos
Circle No. 215, Companions of tho Forest of
America. .
. ..E7"The. funeral.. will, take place to-day
(Tuesday), at J.1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Paul's
Church for services. Interment *Holy Cross
Cemetery. -• , ' '"
MUELLER— In Oakland, August 26, 1901, Pro-
. fcasor Constantine Mueller, relict of the late
Louise Mueller, and beloved father. of Mrs.
Adelaide Murphy Case, and grandfather of
Bertha Murphy, a native of Altenburg, Sax-
ony Germany, aged 77 years 8 months and 6
days. ¦ ¦ •• ¦.;.-¦ •
RIEWERTS— In Oldsum, Island Fohr, Ger-
. many, August 10, • 1901, ' Ocke H. Riewerts,
beloved ' father of Julius G. and'Meinert H.
Riewerts of San Ifrancisco; aged 77 years 7
months and 20 days.- '•
SCULL— In this city, August 26, 1901, Clara
E., beloved wife of Charles Scull, and mother
of Charles H. and Clarence W. Scull,
daughter of Mrs. C. U. Barton of North
Brookfield, Mass., and sister of Dr. C. P.
and F. D. Barton, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 47 years. (North Brookfield, Mass.,
papers please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission' street,
. thence to St > Patrick's Church for services.
Interment- CaK-ary Cemetery.'; '-¦¦'
MILLER— In this city, August 25, 1901. George,
beloved brother of John Miller and Mrs. Nel-
lie' V. Sullivan, : a 'native of New York, aged
40 years 3 months and 6 days. 1
tC3Triends and "acquaintances are 'respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services to-
morrow (Wednesday),- at 1 o'clock, at the
First Presbyterian Church, San Leandro. In-
terment Centervllle, : ' , /
MARKS— In this city, August 26. 1901, at. his
late residence, 155B Hawthorne street, Harry,
dearly beloved husband of Annie C. . Marks,
and father of Arthur, Amanda Aloysla and
Henry Cecil Marks, brother of Marcus Marks
and Mrs. S. S. Decker, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years 10 months and 9 days.
A member- of the Cigar Makers' ' Union No.
228 and Court Golden West No. 20. F. of A.
MARTIN— In Berkeley, August 26, 1901, Eliza-
beth i Read Martin, a native of. New- York
State, ased 64 years..
McCONNELL— In . Oakland. at 919 - Center
street, 26,'. 1901. Maggie, daughter, of
William and Ada McConnell, and sister of
Waller -McConnell of Iowa and E. ¦ Clark
McConnell of Oakland, a native ' of Iowa,
aged 31 years 6 months and 12 days. > -,
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, August 24. 1901,
Jane, beloved wife of the late Michael Mc-
Laughlin. and mother of Mrs.- Maggie Dolan
and the late Mrs. Mary Gearvlg, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 61 years and 10
months. ' ' ¦ . - . / < t .
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-,
day, August 29, at 9:30 o'clock, from the .resi-
dence of her parents, 1421 Sutter street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery, by spe-
cial train leaving- Third and Townsend
streets at 10:40 o'clock. | ¦
LOWELL— In this city, August 2o, 1901, Emma
Jan», beloved wife of the late William" H.
Lowell, and mother of Eugene L. Lowell, a
native of Ohio. *
LYNCH— In San Leandro. Cal.. August 26,
1901, William Francis ¦ Boyle Lynch, father
of Mrs. Laura A. Eber, W. F.. Lynch, M.
' D., O. J. Lynch and H: W. Lynch, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 74 years 1 month and
6 days. - ,. • . ;
BTTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday). • at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, 226 San Carlos avenue, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth streets, - thence to
' SU Charles Borromeo's ; Church, Eighteenth
nnd Shot well streets,' . where a solemn
requiem high mass wifl be celebrated for thu
repess of his .: soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock.- Interment- Holy -Cross Cemetery.
KELLY-In i this city, August 25, 1901, , Minnie
F., belo\ - ed wife of W. F. Kelly, and'mother
of Jamea B. Kelly, a native of California,
aged 31 years 4 months and 6 days.
K7"Funeral and Interment private.
KOCH— Entered . Into rest In New York,
August 21. 1901. Hilda, -'.beloved wife of
Henry Koch, mother of Walter and Frank L,.
Koch, .and daughter of. Mr. and Mrs. .1$.
Priest, a . native *of ¦ San ; Francisco,' . aged 35
years 10 months and 29 days. ¦
¦ CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), • at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 135% Fourteenth street, between
Howard and Folsom streets. Interment I. Q.'
O. F. Cemetery. • • '
KEANE-^In this city, August. 26. 1901.. Dennis
i 1J., beloved husband of Anna M. Keane, and
father of George F., Daisy V,, Ella, Arthur
. nnd Gertrude Keane and Mrs. S. L. Sullivan,
a native of Ireland. . . , . -
C?"Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral - to-day
. (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
' Theodor Dierks, 9i7 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Cremation - Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. • .- ...
HETL— In this city, August 26, 1901, George,
beloved husband of Clara Heyl, father ct
Mr«. C. S. Whiteman, and grandfather . of
Lillian Whiteinan, a native of Germany,
aged ti years 4 months and 13 days. A
member of Herrman Lodge No. 145, I.'. O.
O. F. > . .
CTTrlends .and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral ' sarvices to-
day (Tuesday), at 2:15 o'clock. - at P Grace
Episcopal Church, corner California and
Stockton streets, San Francisco. ,
HAERA— In this city, , August 23, " 1901. . Frank
Haera of Midway, I Alameda County, Cal.,
beloved husband of Cecilia- Haera, father of
Mrs. Henry Brink and Armor and Henry
Haera, and brother-in-law of Martin and
Marcus Fischer, a native of Schlesien. ' Ger-
many, aged 63 years 1 month and'7 days.
¦ |rj"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the - funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3265 Mission | street, thence to St
Paul's Church,', corner- of Twenty-ninth ¦ and
Church streets, where a reauiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing" at 9 o'clock. . Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. , ' .., -..-,-
FIELD— In Oakland, August 24, 1901, ; Sue Vir-
ginia, wife of ¦ the late Justice' Stephen
J. Field, and sister of Mrs. J. Condit-Smith.
Mrs. George E. Whitney and Mrs. A.B. Mc-
Creery, a native of Louisville, j Ky. " - .
fully Invited ' tb ; attend funeral services ' to-
morrow ; (Wednesday),- at; 1 o'clock, at " the
funeral parlors of Albert Brown, 468 Thir-
teenth street, Oakland, Cal. ¦ Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. - ~ ._
FA Y— In this city, August tt, 1901, Ellen, be-
* loved wife -of Michael Fay, -, mother : of
Stephen,' William ~ J., Edward • J.; George,
Thomas and Ann Fay, Mrs.'E. J. Rutledge,
Mrs. Michael J. Dougherty, Mrs. Joseph Sul-
' llvan and the late Elizabeth, John and Ellen
Fay,, and aunt of Mrs. Jamea Rhowan, ana-
• tlve of Ireland, aged • 60 years. ' ' ' ¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lo*t Manbood. Debility or
dispose wearicjfon body and mind land
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
i'urr* enarnntrrd. Call or writer
»r. J. JF. «IUno.\. ttaa Praaciaco. CsJ. -_ .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
,ii ~^| If i nil ffiWfi I AU II
Com/ortS q/Honve
Go east "onr way" — with one of the Burlington Overland Excur-
sions, and you will be SURE to have a comfortable trip.
Cars are clean; porters accommodating; excursion managers oblig-
ing; and the route is without an equal in point of interest.
From Los Angeles, Mondays and Wednesdays ; San Francisco Tuesdays and
Thursdays — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis and beyond. Tickets and berths
at Southern Pacific ticket offices or by writing
W. D. Sanborn, General Agent, 631 Market St., San Francisco. 7
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. 1
Tralma ¦•!»«• >»«•<! »r» «••»• to nrrlf* <••
WAN ritANVMttO.
(Main Lino. Foot of Market Streal)
lkatb — Fbom Jclt 14. 130L — AKxrra
7iMi BenicU. Sulsun, Xdmln and Sacra-
mento. •:S5»
TiOOa VacftTillo, Winters, Rumiey 7:33r
7i8Oa Martinet, SinlUinuD, Vallejo. H»p»,
Caliati'ga andSaut* Rom 0i33p
SrOO a Darla. Woodland. Knlgfita Landing.
.MarjsTille. Oro»ille.. 7s3*y
8:00* A Mantle K x press— Ogden and Ewl l>:23p
8iO«u Mies. Lathrop, Stoekton <i3»r
SsOOANUes, Mendota. Baaford. VisaUa,
• Port6r?illa «»33»
•iXtt a Sbaata Kipres»— DaTU, WUlUm* (let
Bartlett SpiincsX Willows. Kad
Bluff, Portland. *««3»
»j1Oa8»u Jose, Uvermore. Htoektoii.
- - loua, HaerameDto. PlaeenUla,
' ' M»ry»Ule. Chico. lle.Milii(l «<SSr
•iT*a Oakdale. Chlncaa (Ycsemite). Ho-
nor*. Carters 4:23?
I »:OO» Hay ward, Nilvs sod *7sj SUUons.. I ¦ ¦>>«
BUMU Vallejo lHi23r
•i«Wa Los Aoselea Express — Karcines, - - •
Trmcy, Latbrop. Btoekton. Merced
Fruito and Iios Acgelea .- 7:33»
HiSOa Vallelo, Martina* ami Way Statical 7i33f
¦ •ittUa The Oveilauu Limited— Ogtlon, Dea-
«er. Omaha. Chicago 6i33p
Tl!«»<»r Saeramtmto ItlTor St«»m«r« f3:O»A
•iSttr lUywwd. Nile* and Way Stations.. 7:33*
«itt«r Hrn)c!». Winters, BaeramautOk
- Woodland. KnTgbta Landing.
MsryiTUIe, Ororllle I9;33*
«i««r MartUiex, Him lUraon, Vtlltjo.
Napa, CnllatOKm H»uta Rosa. »•»•"» *
«iO6r Nlles. UTermoTS. Stotkton. Lodl... !»•««»
«iUttp Hayvard. MIea. Man .lone. Ltrermore !•*»»•
4i8t»p Port Costa, Tracy. U'.brop, Stockton I««23a
»i»OpTbe Owl Limited— Fresuo, Tuiw&>
Bakeraflald, Baugn* lor Santa Bu.
bara. Loa Angeles *:SSk
StOOp Martinrs. AnUoch. Stockton, liar- ' '
oed. Fresno l*:23p
•:Oi»p Tosemit* l*iZ3v
•i89r New Orleans Exprena— Moodota,
Fresno, Bakersfield. Los Angeles.
Deming. El Faso. New Orleans
and East 7IS9*.
••••p Haywatd, Nils* and Sao Josa. ...... ?>334
fCiOQp VaUaJo IIjSS*
•iQttp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cbejena*.
Omaha, Chicago —~ 12:23p
lifOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Deui»r.
8t Loui». C!blo»go. «:•»*
Tl*«r Oregon and California Kxpream, Ha«-
raineuto. MaryiTlllo, Itmlillug,
1'oftUml. Piiget Hound and ICatt 8:33a
•i«3p Ran Pablo. Port Costa. M&rttoes ' >
and Way Station* Ili23*
l»«oar Vallelo -7iS»T
COAST LINE CWnm il««|«>.
(foot of Market Street.)
' CTcASa SanU Croz Excursion to danta Crn»
and Principal Way Stations tSiO3»
••ia*Ne<raxk.CeMterTlI1e,HauJose,s-elton.
Boulder Creek.Sauts Onu and Wtf
Stations •••#»
tOtUr Newark. Oentervlllv, San Jos«. New
Almadao. Felton. llonlder Crnek.
8anta Cnxs and l'rlnciyal Way
Buttons l«i!»»*
4il3p Newark. Haii ,lo»e, Los Gatos t«.i*<»A
•4il5p Olenwood. Boolder Creek, Santa Crn» «»i3»a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. .
mat SAl FIAJHSCO— Foot of M*rk»t Stxtwt (SUj 8>—
11:15 9;00 11:00A.M. 1:03 .3:09 8:13r.».
rnsiOiiuis-rHi*rgruiwtT.-.to:00 js.ca t3:0j
10:00 a.m. 18:00 8:03 1:03 r.M.
COAST LING (Broad flange).
(Third mid Townaeml Sta.)
•iIOa Ban Joee and Way StaUona.. ....... «i3«*
*7:0O* Han Joae ami Way Stations.- liawp
/7t««A New Alinaden / «il*>
f7i*« a Sunday Excursion to* Saa Jo»«,
Santa Cruz. Fadfio Grors aod
Principal Way Sutions. {*•*•*
e*t«ASaa Joaa. HoUIster. (HwjU Cms,
Pacllio Orote. HaUnas, Saa Lola
Oblspo, Santa Barbara aud Pria-
elnai lutarmadUta Htatluns 7iS«t*
j 1«iS«a San Joae and Way Stations.......... •:*•¦>
HiSOa Han Jose and Way HUtlous •••••
t«i4a» 8»n Mateo, Redwood. Mcnlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Holllster. SauU Cmx. Salinas.
Mouteroy and PaelUe OroTo |I*s43a
- liter Ban Joig. Tras Plnos. Santa Cm,
Pacfflo Ororo and Way Stations 4:1 Op
MllSp San Jiueand Principal Way Stations V>43 a
tftiOOrSan Joie. Los Gatos and Principal
Way StaUona f»:0O»
¦ tS*p BanJose and PHneipal Way Stations S>3«a
liOOr Redwood. Han Jo««\ GUroy, Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles...... 10:03a
StSOr San Jose aud Way stations tNitt«u
«Ut45p 8an Jose and Way Stations 7i3op
A, for Morning. P for A f teruoon.
fRunday exeepted. J Sunday only. n».
« Saturday only. « Mondiy .
« Sfttmdiy an 1 Sunday . / Tuesdays snd Trljlaja.WIDOW OF TRAGEDIAN
SHERIDAN. WHO DIED
ALONE AMID SQUALOR. .
At a meeting of Laborers' Protective
Union No. 8344. held last night at 1159
Mls3lon street, it was decided to request
the street contractors to pay their men,
commencing November 1, on Saturday
nights. Fourteen laborers signed the roll
and twelve made application for admis
slon to membership. .
Want Pay Saturday Nights.
Pnts Into Port for Repairs.
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 26.-The bark'
Senator, which sailed from here on
August 22 .with a cargo of lumber, and.
after trying experinces, made Hilo In a
leaking condition, arrived this morning.
She started for Liverpool from Hilo. but.
springing another leak, came here for
repairs.
HAVANA. Aug. 26,— E. P. Westall. chief
of the money order bureau of the Havana
postofflce, left the office as usual with the
surplus remittance to pay Into the treas
ury. The amount was $4000. He took an
omnibus and. according to his statement.
placed the packet containing the money
on the seat by his side. He read a news
paper until he reached the point where ha
wished, to alight, and when about to leave
the omnibus he found that the packet was
missing-. Two boys who were in tha om
nibus at the time say they saw a mulatto
throw a packet to a negro In the street.
Westall Is under a bond of $10,000. The
matter will be left to the courts for deci
sion. , - .
Steals Package of Money From Post-
N office Employe While Riding
in an Omnibus.
DiABING ROBBEH SECURES
GOOD HAUL FROM CLEEK
Deputy J. H.' Davis reported to the Fish
.Commission yesterday that on'Saturrtav
night he arrested two Greeks named De-'
maprgio and Cartarldo near Pelican Creek '
in Suisun Bay. . for .violation of, the Satur
day and Sunday* flsh law. The men'were
caught with their nets in the water.'
Game Law Violators; Caught.
SACRAMENTO, Aug/: 26.— A committee
from Union v and Sacramento C lodges of
the Ancient - Order of United ".Workmen
in conjunction with J. Hoesch; * chairman
of the ' Grand Lodge finance committee
has arranged for a "United Workmen
Day" at : the State Agricultural Pavilion
on Tuesday, September = 10. A feature of
the- evening. will be a competitive drill
Sacramento vs.- San Francisco, for which
a prixe of. $50' will be given.
-'"¦/> '. \ ' ¦ " '¦'-..
Lodgemen Will; Make Merry.
ISLAND PORTS.
: ¦-' HONOLULU— Sailed Augr 15— ScHr.W. J. Pat-'
tersonj for . Puset Sound.' " ¦ : ¦> ¦ ~
HILO— Arrived Aug 11— Schr Mildred, from
Seattle.: ; "\ . ¦ ;-. ..-¦ . '.*¦-
I ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
; SAILED. - ¦;:•;
. . ¦ i > " • Monday,* August 28.
V Stmr Navarro, Olsen, .'.* , < -
:¦¦ :,'¦ ¦- DOMESTIC 'PORTS. ,
: : SEATTLE-i-Arrived Aujr 26-^Stmr ' Dlrlgo,
f rom Skasruay. - - , '
j PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Ausr 26— Br
ship : Ncrma, - from Antwerp; * schr John * 1).
Tallant, r from'Quayaquil." . . ¦• . ¦ V •
Southern Pacific Low .Bates East.
September 5 and (Land October 3 and 4,
to Buffalo, $87 OO.srqund trip". September
S^and 6 to Cleveland, $82 50. round trip.
Many hours quickest. Many, miles short
est. Best scenery. : Choice of routes.
Daily limited train service to Chicago.
Tourist car. excursions < to both Cleveland
and Buffalo. - 613 Market street. -~.,. ; -
The 'following named citizens were
sworn in yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven as a' Federal Grand
Jury: .. •-•,.-i-. ¦--.-; . -•':,.- :
J. G. Gllchrist. Charles W. Rldgeway.' C.
W. Wasner, H. AXjVegener.' E. W. - Schroder,
C 9. Capp, C. A. Ohichester, .D. Samuels, > J.
P. Currier. I... Cooks. T. C. Masteller. J. R.
ChriiFty. H. H. Dana, M. H. Cook. "W. ,H." L.
Corran. ¦ Henry T.~ Ro?ers. F. N." Moore, "Albert
P. Rothkof . D. H. ..Ward," Herman A. Roaen
baum. C. H. Cattermole, Henry Falk,C. v H.'
Cassasa. , . - . • -
T. , C. Masteller; was elected • foreman
and F. N. Moore secretary. ' .• •
Federal Grand Jury Sworn.
Lefranc yelle'Jforhelp'and the five men
bolted. V Robins , ran, along s Bartlett alley
and the^four others, along Pacific street.
The special officers and a citizen .'chased
Robins and captured him. He had dropped
the': watch in the alley in' his -flight and
it was, later recovered. .
A. Lefranc, a resident -of Piedmont," was
approached at Pacific street and Bartlett
alley by; Robin's. and: four other, men,. who
asked him' for. money to. buy 'a drink- Le
franc gave 4-hem a.- 50-cent piece, expect
ing -they.: wou'.d leave .< him - alone.' They
gathered around r him and began . shoving
him from -one to the other, and Robins
grabbed his . gold watch, breaking the
chain. ¦ . . "-:."'.. •. ,. . , ; \ ¦ . ;
Felix .Roblns.V an employe of Rtngllng
Brothers' circus, was arrested early yes
terday, morning * by. Special Officers Berge
and Downey land booked at the City Pris
on on acharge of robbery. 1 He appeared
before Judge Fritz yesterday and after
being instructed as ' to , his rights i and ar
raigned, the case was continued until to
morrow. ¦'~'pW<CTffli£jfl'*T^^TTM«P.ICTTlPM<l
CTBCUS MAU" BOOXKD
~ • ON EOBBEHY CHARGE
Little Stanley had- been. playing in the
yard' with a number of companions. " He
came into the house and passed through
to the kitchen and was hiding from his
playmates in the pantry. . While in the
pantry he climbed upon a Shelf and got
hold of the bottle of prussic acid. Draw
ing out the cork, he swallowed the con
tents of the bottle and In a few minutes
lay dead upon the floor. , • ¦>
SAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 26.— Stanley
Doyle, the two-year-old son of Mr. and
Mrs. James Doyle of this "city, died in aw
ful agony, to-day after swallowing the
contents of a bottle of prussic acid. The
child drank the deadly, poison while his
mother's back was turned and expired at
his mother's feet. V ,. /
Poison While Its Mother's
Back Is Turned.
.Swallows the Contents of a Bottle cf
3 ABE DIES ,TN r AGONY |
r * 'FBQM PBUSSIC ACID
The memory of Henry George will not
be forgotten In. San Francisco by his nu
merous friends and admirers. On next
Sunday evening exercises commemorating
the great *slngle-tax advocate's birthday
will' be fittingly remembered. The;princi
pal-speaker of the evening. will be James
G. Maguire. A committee appointed at a
recent date has made all necessary ar
rangements " for the occasion. Metropoli
tan Temple has been secured for the oc
casion by the. San Francisco Single- Tax
Society. There will be no admission fee
charged and as a consequence it may be
fairly presumed that the Temple will be
crowded, as Henry' George was -well
known , in this city, being the ( original
starter of the Evening Post when it was
sold on'the streets" for the sum of 1 cent.
Henry George's Birthday.
: Though Judge Dunne holds that the evi
dence adduced at the trial of George
Walker, charged with having, embezzled
$80 30 . from" the American Tract Society,
did not warrant the verdict' of guilty,
found In his case in February of 189S, he
filed an - opinion yesterday refusing to
consider the motion filed on behalf of
Walker for a new trial. Judge. Dunne
found 'that an appeal from the judgment
of conviction had been takenrtoo late by
Walker and i that • other legal impedimenta
for a review of his ¦ case existed. The
court therefore' filed a judgment. refusing
to consider the application for a new
trial. An appeal will be taken from Judge
Dunne's ruling and if this proves ineffec
tual the" merits of ; the case will.be tested
upon an application", for a writ of habeas
corpus. : -^
Believes Walker Innocent.
Miss Anna Frances Weaver, A. B.,
Stanford '.'97 and A. M. '9S. succeeds H. S.
sMuckelston as Instructor in -Greek, Mr.
Muckelston having accepted a position la
teacher in a preparatory school in San
Francisco. " •'•:?** .•
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 26.—
Professor Henry W. Rolfe of the Univer
sity of Chicago has been appointed acting
•professor of classical philology In the ab
sence of Professor Walter Miller, . who
has been granted a year's leave from the
-university. Professor Rolfe took- 'both
bachelor's and master's degree at Am
herst College and studied in Germany for
two years at the University of Leipzig.
He .was an- Instructor In English at Cor
nell-University from 18S3 to 18S5, professor
of Latin at Swarthmore College from 1885
until 1S90 and rhas .lately been identified
with the University of Chicago as a pro
fessor of English • literature and univer
sity extension lecturer.'. .--••'
Professor Miller will spend the winter
at Boston and Cambridge, completing and
publishing a textbook on Greek which he
has been -writing. The remainder of the
year he will be engaged in classical study
abroad. ¦
rarily to the Chair of Classical
Philology. ; ;
CHANGES TN STANFORD;
, UNIVERSITY FACULTY
Professor Rolfe Appointed Tempo-
An elderly woman was struck by . an
electric car at Dolores and Twenty-second
streets last evening. and killed. The mo
torman. W. B. Luckenbach. was placed
under arrest | and charged with man
slaughter.
When car 1060 of the Twenty-fourth
street tine dropped down the Dolores
street hill the motorman observed the. old
lady ster> on the track, but she ap
parently noticed his approach and stepped
back again. He had set his brake, but
released It and reached Twenty-second
street at a high' rate of speed. When the
fast moving car was within a few feef of
- "I have known Scott for some time,"
she said, "and thinking he was a gentle
man I accepted his invitation to visit the
saloon where he assaulted me. Noticing
that he had been drinking and thinking
he would, get into trouble if . he' reported
off in an intoxicated condition I sent for
some fried oysters, hoping that if he "ate
them -he -would be sufficiently -sober to
report off duty. After partaking of the
oysters he became belligerent and struck
me in the face. Realizing that he meant
to injure me I cried out for help. I be
lieve that if Captain Wittman | and Ser
geant.Donovan .had not. answered my.
screams for help Scott would have mUr
dered me." , ,
Scott has been connected with the pollcft
department for some time and has always
been considered, an exemplary officer, lie
admits that;' he- was ; intoxicated at the
time of the assault on Mrs. Laughrey, but
attempts- to explain his conduct by say
ing that he did not know what he was
doings ¦ •¦• " - - - - - ¦ », -
Captain Wittman has suspended Scott,
pending the action of the Polioe Commis
sioners. -' : ¦¦¦ , ¦• ¦:>>¦>:*>-:
• Police Officer T. : W. 'Scott "distinguish-'
ed" ; himself yesterday afternoon by
brutally treating a woman in a saloon
adjoining the Central. Police Station. The
woman's' name : is Mrs. Xaughrey.' Her
screams for help while Scott was abusing
her were* heard by Captain Wittman and
Sergeant" Donovan, who' were sitting in
the station,' and rushing- Into the saloon
they found the policeman standing: over
his helpless victim,' threatening to kill
her if she continued making an outcry. -
i Captain Wittman promptly seized Scott
and tore' the star from his breast. Mrs.
Laughrey was then escorted to the sta
tion, where she made a' statement of her
trouble with Scott. "
The purpose of the courses as stated in part
Is '.'to widen the tphere of the university e*
tension work, and to Increase its effectiveness;
and ' in order to meet, the needs of many who
find it Impossible to become regular students at
the university and are. yet desirous. of. pursu
ing under competent direction courses of read
lngr and private study similar In character to
those offered at ; the university."
. Please send to this office on or before A"tigust
31.. 1901 k the names and addresses of those
teachers in the school under your supervision
who wish to avail themselves of the advantages
for advanced study as proposed by university
authorities. . . •• ' ' ,
" Kepisters are promised by. tha State Super
intendent-during the first week of September.
All. requisitions for Hawthorne's Wonder.
Book" will . be • filled within * a : week.' a supply
having * been telegraphed for from Eastern
publishers.'':- ; - :. . .
Principals' requisitions' for books' of- refer
ence intended -for teachers', use have,- been- sent
to this office. ' I am Informed that it is not
the ¦ intention of ' the Board « of : Education I to
sunply such books. •¦. i ••
Principals will please send to, this offlce on
or before August 29. 1901.- a. list <Jf Rll teachers
who have been assigned - to their schools since
January: 1. 1901. giving also the • date ¦ of their
election to- the department.. Respectfully
yours., :„'¦ v'>; : )v R. E. WEBSTER.
. Superintendent ¦ of Schools.
To Principals and Teachers— Ladies and Gen
tlemen: I am in receipt. of a communication
from Mrs. . M. L. Cheney, appointment secre
tary, and Benjamin I. Wheeler, president of
the University; of California, calling, attention
to the announcement of university extension
! study courses. The scope ;'of these study
courses includes philosophy, ¦ pedagogy. ' Jurls
'pruderice, history and political science.. Orien
tal studies, Greek, classical archaeology,
Latin, English, French. German, mathematics,
astronomy, mechanical "engineering,, civil en
! glneering, agriculture, horticulture and ento
mology. Course of lectures will be delivered
where called for but for systematic work the
most serious study courses are recommended.
Superintendent of Schools, R. H. Web
ster has Issued the" following circular to
teachers of the department, calling their
attention to .-a course of university ex
tension lectures and other matters:
. . . ; SAN. FRANCISCO. Aug. 26, 1901.
Regarding Certificates to Com
plete His Secords. - > .1
Superintendent Webster Seeks, Data
LECTTJHB COURSE TO AID
PUBLIC - SCHOOL TEACHERS
Mrs. . Lucy Simmons
Loses .Her Life in .
the Mission.
Officer J/; Wf Scott;Bru
tally Assaults Mrs.
. Laughrey. .
WOMAN BEATEN
BY POLICEMAN
Several hundred.- members were present
to welcome the grand officer,' it being his
first official visit to these subordinates
of ¦ the Grand Lodge. He advised - the
Knights to keep up the work. that will
result. in entertaining the Supreme Lodge
and -the- many ..who -will be here next Au
gust. It is expected that about twenty
thousand strangers -from all parts of the
Union will be in this city during the
Pythian week in that month. He added
that from the i information he had re
ceived there will be about thirteen thou'
sand Knights in the grand parade, which
will take place on the fifth day or the
conclave. . - ¦ -,
Grand Chancellor Leonard S. Calkins of
the . Knights of Pythias visited the fol
lowing lodges in Pythian Castle last
nisht: .
California No. 1, Damon No. 2. Golden
Gate No. 3, Laurel No. 4, Ivanhoe No. 5,
Alemania No. 8, Eureka No. 9, Myrtle No.
16, Syracuse No. 58. Unity No. 61. Golden
City No. 63, Sequoia No. 18S and Mars No.
202. • ¦ ¦
Many Pythians Coming.
Old Friends' Bullshead Breakfast
The Society of Old Friends will enjoy a
bullsbead breakfast at the Excelsior Ho
tel, near the Five- Mile House. Mission
road, on next Sunday. The affair prom
ises to be fully up to the previous record
of the old forty-niners in giving an en
tertainment for their numerous friends.
The programme as laid out by Secretary
Slinkey embraces a choice collection of
talent, including Judge Charles T. Con-
Ian, president of the society; Harry Nie
mann. master of ceremonies: Dr. B. H.
Baumelster, toastmaster; Charles Lut
linger, manager, and others of equal local
renown.
Held for Forgery.
George P. Wlnford was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on a charge of forgerv in
52000 bonds. He was arrested for forging
the names of business men to "fake" con
tracts for advertising so as to get h«s
commission from the Newspaper Adver
tising Agency. ¦•
Tenor solo, Mr. Oscar J. Franks; Mr. J.
"Warren Keane, presenting the act with which
he will entertain Eastern audiences; Mr. Wil
liam McDonald, ba£so prolundo (late of ths
Boetonians): Forrest and Montague, Juven:!i
dancers (courtesy of the Columbia. Mlnstrei> i ;
Mr. Lloyd Spencer, hot air: baryton3 solo. "Th3
Great Beyond," Mr. Harry Wood Brown; x
few minutes with Billy Hjnes; scprano solo,
Mi« Millie Flyna: tenor solo, Mr. Walter C.
Wilson (Achille Artirues, accompanist) : Mr.
Keane, in his own creation. "The Wonder o£
Japland" (assisted by Mr. Spencer).
J. Warren Keans, who styles himself
"the modern wizard," entertained a large
audience in Sherman & Clay Hall last
evening with clever feats of legerdemain.
His v.-ork was greatly appreciated. - As it
was his farewell appearance a number of
his friends participated in the evening's
entertainment. The following programme
was rendered:
ory to the -last, and on the wall was a
photo of- Sheridan neatly .framed, and
hanging beside it one of herself. On the
back of her photo, written in bold hand
writing, appears the sentence) "May you
always be happy in your love,- Louise."
The Theatrical Managers',.; Association
will remove the body of the former act
ress'from the Morgue to-day. and the re
mains will be given a decent burial in
¦'God's acre." - .¦*' *', ¦
Clever Young Magician Entertains
a Large Audience With Feats
FAREWELL EE2TEFIT IS
TEinDEEED "WAJB.B.Eir KEANI!
When the class was organized yesterday
morning at 9 o'clock thirteen pupils were
present. Most of them were brought to
the school by their parents and seemed
delighted that they ¦ were ¦ to be taught.
The system of instruction used' by Mrs.
Holden is purely an oral method— lip
reading. The teacher- expects to be able
in one year to have all her pupils under
stand and speak 250 words. : ¦
All the pupils before leaving the school
room yesterday were able to say mamma,
papa, and several words expressive of
action, such as hop, jump and run.' Mrs.
Holden is very anxious to secure a piano
for the use of her pupils." . She says that
deaf children can be made to understand
and enjoy music. •
The Board of -Education instituted ' a
class for the deaf at the Harrison Pri
mary School yesterday. Mrs. J. B. Holden,
who was recently appointed to teach the
class, is most enthusiastic over the result3
of the first day. - •
PEAF CHILDREN'S CLASS .
MEETS WITH SUCCESS
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Helen Aelman - from Samuel Ael
man for desertion. Estelle Retschy from
Valentine Retschy for failure to provide
and Ideline F. O'Neill. from William J.
O'Neill for neglect.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Byron Stovall against*Minnie C. Stovall
for desertion, Annie Lane against William
H. Lane for failure to provide. Louise
Shinn against George Shlnn for failure to
provide, Emma A. Newman against James
A. Newman for cruelty. Mary T. Klenck
against William P. Klenck for desertion
and Blanche Rapp against George P.
Kapp for cruelty. «
Dorothy Studebaker-McKeown Is mak
ing $800 a month by her professional serv
ices, her husband avers, and furthermore,
even if this was not the case, he says his
property is so tied up in the hands of
trustees for the benefit of hi^- creditors
that he would be unable to meet the full
measure of her demands". . One hundred
dollars Is sufficient compensation, he con
cludes, for Mrs. McKeown's counsel, and
he ¦ asks the court to grant no further
sum. He further prays that the prayer of
his wife for a divorce and general relief
be denied. -^
An application to take the depositions of
Ethel Stockwell and Mrs. Mary C. Warde
to be sued inMrs. Warde's suit for divorce
from Arthur Frederick Warde was con
sidered by Judge Sloss yesterday. After a
brief hearing the court ordered that a
commission to take the depositions issue.
Mrs. Warde charges her husband with
desertion. Though he enters a general de
nial to her allegations, he centers the
force of his denial to her allegations that
she is a proper person to have the custody
of their child, Frederick Arthur Warde.
The Daternal grandmother of little
Frederick Arthur is the proper custodian
of their child, Mr. Warde alleges, and he
vaskb that the qourt make an order to that
effect.
¦ In his answer Mr. McKeown avers that
he is habitually sober: that he has not
deserted his wife, and as to her allegation
that he has failed to contribute toward
her support he says she didn't- need the
money. - • • : ¦ . . .
Scott A. McKeown has answered the
complaint for divorce filed -by his- wife,
Dorothy Studebaker-McKeown. ' His an
swer is in the nature Of a general denial,
the force of his denlarbeing directed to
ward the allegation that he is habitually
intemperate. ' . '
ROKEN in health through the ex
cessive use of morphine, a drift
ing derelict on the sea of life,
Mrs. William E. Sheridan, widow
of the great tragedian and herself
a well known actress, passed away yes
terday alone and forgotten in the squaad
little room she had occupied at 143 Minna
street- Her body was found stretched
upon the shabby cot by a man named
Bowen, who notified the Coroner's offlce,
and the remains of the unfortunate
woman were removed to the Morgue. •
As Louise Davenport the dead woman,
twenty years ago, was one of the most
popular actresses In this country and Aus
tralia, her specialty being tragic roles,
and the story of her life is the most
tragic and the most pathetic of all.
Louise Davenport _was born in Toronto,
Canada,~of humble' parents and worked
hard to support herself. She was a beau
tiful girl, and Robert McWade, the well
known actor, was .so impressed with her
appearance that he engaged her to play
minor roles with his company that was
then producing "Rip Van Winkle." Miss
Davenport came to California with Mc-
Wade and toured the coast. While In
Denver In 1SS1 she met William E. Sheri
dan. It was a case of love at first sight
on both sides. Sheridan, who was mar
ried, secured a divorce and soon after
married Louise Davenport in this city.
The two appeared many times together
In leading roles at both the Baldwin and
ELECTRIC CAR
KILLS WOMAN
Dr. T. W. B. Leland, who was on a car
following, found that life was not extinct
and ordered the victim to the hospital, but
she' died en route. • , < .'. .-
The body was identified at- the- Morgue
by Thomas Fellows, a neighbor, as that
of Mrs. Lucy A. Simmons of. 911 .Dolores
street. She had a son, LevI .. Simmons,
a customs inspector. Mrs. Simmons was
returning from the home ' of "friends' at
Twenty-fourth and York streets when
.she was killed. : ¦¦' . . ¦.
her the woman stepped forward again,
and before an accident' could be averted
was struck and knocked- to the pavement.
Louise Davenport after Sheridan's denth
was never the same woman. Overcome
with grief at the loss or her husband, she
began to wither and her beauty, gradually
disappeared. She returned ,from Austra
lia and retired from the. stage. In 1S94
old California theaters. Old theater-goers
claim that Sheridan as Louis XI, assisted
by his wife, gave the greatest treat in the
mummers' art ever given in this . clty.^
Their success was world wide, and they
accepted i an engagement to appear in
legitimate roles in Australia. They sailed
for the scenes of their fresh triumphs in
the fall of 1SS4. When Sheridan arrived
in Australia success turned his head arid
he entered upon a career of dissipation
and riotous living, as a result of which his
health became, impaired. He died siirl
denly in the Royal Theater at Sydney.-
Australia, while witnessing a performance .
from a box. His wife at that time was
filling an engagement at Adeialde. but she
arrived in Sydney two hours after his
death. ¦
Says He Is Not Victim of
Alcohol and Has. No
M'KEOWN MAKES
UNIQUE DEFENSE
There Is still remaining subject to the
jurisdiction of the court the sum of $380,
000 which was withheld pending the final
adjudication of the claims of Mrs. Nettle
R. Craven. This money will not leave the
jurisdiction of the court until after the
Supreme Court has passed upon the last
appeal which may be taken under the
law. This being the case, months must
necessarily elapse before the Fair estate
emerges from litigation and enters
history.
The motion for the allowance of counsel
fees presented by ex-Supreme Court Jus
tice Van R. Paterson for services ren
dered on behalf of the so-called minor
heirs, the children of the children of the
late James G. Fair, was not passed upon
by the court. This matter will be passed
upon later.
The supplemental account presented by
the executors, which was settled by
Judge Troutt, covered the period from
June 24 to. August 24, 1901. inclusive, and
showed the condition of the estate to be
as follows;
Uosey in bank June 24, 1901, $T66,8S2 18; re
ceipts from June 24 to Aupust 24, 1901. $555,309 3S.
Total receipts. $i,J2I,191 £«; disbursements dur
ing same period, fllS.134 94; balance on hand.
IT,2f»4.Co6 C2. The two largest items In the list
of receipts were a sum of $393,640, realized from
the sa!e of SMI shares of the Ohio River Rail
road Company's stock, and $29,372 72, realized
from the sale of 3. 175. "44 pounds of wheat at
ithr cents »er 100 pound*.
Tbe counsel fees were allowed as follows: i
To -William M. Pierson. R. B. Mitchell
and George E. Crothers, Jointly, as at- .
tcmeys for James S. Anrus and .
Thomas G. Crothers, executors $150,000
To Garret W. McEnerney. as attorney for
"W. S. Goodfellow. executor 75,000
To Robert T. Hayne, as attorney for W.
S. Goodfellow. executor 25,000
Total $152,817 46
This gives each executor one-third,
which Is ~ 60.839 13
A few hundred thousand dollars were
distributed among the executors of the
will of the late James G. Fair and the
attorneys who have represented them
during the weary* years of litigation, by
Judge Troutt yesterday. The distribution
of fees preceded the filing of a supple
mental account by the executors, a form
ality -which will be indulged in by the
executors, assisted by their attorneys,
every few months until the final decrees,
relating to the claims of Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven and those of the children of the
dead millionaire, are filed.
When court convened yesterday morn
ing Judge-Troutf announced that he had
reached a conclusion regarding the peti
tions for fees filed by the executors and
their attorneys. Following is a tabulated
statement as filed by the court: .
Appraised value of estate as pep in
ventory on file 07
Receipts by executors since their
qualification ....... -4,171,006 88
Increase in personal property........ 1,221,640 63
Increase in realty 250,060 00
Total ..$17,871,615 60
X*»se amount on -which commissions -
were paid in New York 2.S01.905 17
Total on which commissions are
computable now $15,069,740 43
Commissions at the statutory rate: . •.
$1,000 00 at 7 per cent *T0 00
8,008 00 at 5 per cent • 450 00
10.000 CO at 4 per cent ....:.. 400 00
S0.00& 00 at 8 per cent.... 900 00
60,000 00 at 2 per cent 1,000 00
34,&e9,740 43 at 1 per cent 149,697 40
The name of Daniel V. Kelly of the firm
of Liebes & Kelly has been added to the
list of Republican candidates for Mayor.
He waft a member of the Gommittee of
One Hundred called together to discuss
the new- charter provisions. He was
chairman of- the committee to which was
assigned the duty of preparing sections
relating to the .police department.
Several of the district delegations of the
Republican camp will caucus this week to
consider topics relative to the organiza
tion of the convention. The Horace Da
vis Club of the' Forty-first District will
meet Thursday evening. Another confer
ence of independent anti-boss delegates
will be held at Native Sons' Hall, on
Seventeenth street, next. Friday evening. t
Delegates. to the Republican Municipal
Convention are closely observing the pro
gress of political . events in the labor
camp. ,It is quite well understood that
Hearst expects to take charge of the La
bor party and use it as an -instrument to
club Phelan and McNab into political in
sensibility. The shrewdest of the labor
leaders suspect that some purpose other
than desire to assist worklngmen ani
mates the. Interested politicians.
The Republicans expect that Dr. O'Don
nell will be in the field as a candidate for
Mayor. The Socialists have already nom
inated a. ticket. While there is not much
in the outlook to cheer the old liners of
the Democratic fold it is reasonably sure
that the McNab-Phelan convention will
nominate a full list of candidates and
make a fight to preserve the organization
for future use. .The present signs point to
four candidates for Mayor— the Republi
can nominee and three others.
The Republican Camp.
'The Social' Democratic \ party N has
changed Its name to Socialist party, not
desiring to seem" at all affiliated' with the
Democrats. It purposes to enter the local
campaign with greater zeal than ever.
Meetings will shortly be called in the va
rious Assembly districts to organize clubs
for political work. Considerable elation is
felt by the Socialists over the selection of
condidates, and confidence is expressed in
their ability to hold their present position
of third party. . Some even predict that If
the Union Labor party indorses the So
cialist ticket Democracy will be forced to
the rear. ' •"".'¦
-There are. dissensions In the labor camp.
Many, of the unions refuse to elect dele
gates to" the Union Labor party conven
tion," called to meet at Metropolitan Tem
ple September 6. Only thirty of the 128
unlontf'ln San Francisco have chosen dele
gates. Men have been appointed or elect
ed to represent the machinists. 'cooks and
waiters, hackmen, cloakmakers, milkmen,
bakers, ...brewere,' shoemakers and team
sters. The largest delegation is from the
Machinists'. Union. It transpires that
many of the delegates already chosen par
ticipated In' the recent ¦ primary election,
and therefore cannot under -the law sign
a petition for independent nominations.
Unions Intending to send .delegates have
been advised by their leaders to elect men
who did not take part in the primary
election. ' j- - ••• . ; -
Settled.
Account, "Which Is {
Executors File Supplemental
Ono More Name Added to the
List of Candidates for
Mayor.
The-room in which tha former 'actress
died was bereft of furniture, save for the
bed. She was true to her husband's mem-
After a' longr and -weary' "search she
found her sister in Bakersfleld. The drug
had a firm . hold : on the young girl, who
was living out in the marshes, dressed In
rags- and nearly starving. Louise ¦ took
her- sister- to ''the best hotel In Bakers
field, dressed. her in the finest clothes that
-money would buy and did everything In
her power to reclaim her from her life of
vice. • Her efforts were of no avail, how
ever, and Etta' Waters died, but not be
fore, Louise had herself , become a-mor
phine fiend and as firmly clutched in the
vice as the sister k whom she had sought
to save from its thraldom.
From that (time Louise Davenport went
downward rapidly, .until- she- reached the
lowest depths of depravity. Sheridan had
served 1 In the Union army during the Civil
War, and on this account Louise Daven
" port secured a small pension - from 'the
-¦Government. , .-"¦•.¦¦"
iln the past few years.no one who had
known her in the heyday of her career
would have, recognized the prematurely
old woman who hung around corner gro
ceries begging - and pleading 'for stimu
lants.*
she decided, to return to 'Australia' and
erect a handsome monument ¦¦; over the
grave of Sheridan. While engaged on this
mission she: heard that her ; sister, Etta
Waters, who was also an actress, had be
come a morphine flend and .was living: In
a- filthy v condition: somewhere In Califor
nia. She at once decided to return to this
country : and reclaim her wayward rela
tive. ¦ . - -,¦.--¦ -..-¦- • >.¦ ,---¦:¦; :<.'A
Judge Troutt Passes on
Many Claims for
Fees.
Some of the Unions Re
fuse to Take Hand in
-* Politics. /
FAIR ATTORNEYS
ARE REWARDED
LABOR PARTY
HAS TROUBLES
Sad Fate of Louise Davenport, Widow of Tragedian
Shendan===Sought to Save Sister and Fell.
FORMER STAGE FAVORITE
DIES A VICTIM OF MORPHINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli, TUESDAY, AUGUST 27i 1901.
12
' ' -¦¦-"• ADVERTISEMENTS. -
§q <a«r. T is significant that in homes of wealth where
jgj||j| the very best is demanded, Ivory Soap is
used in the nursery. At the same time, in
f J hundreds of families where economy decides
the choice, Ivory Soap is selected. Thus' its purity-
attracts the rich; its economy attracts. the poor. High
quality and low cost: is there any better combination?
COrvRHlHT IBI ¦/ TH! nOCTIlt * OAMtlf CO. CINCINNATI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Shirt of Mail
Was not a comfortable thing to wear jT
neither is the shirt of to-day, when thick-
ly starched, with rough edges and marbls
slab front. We pride ourselves on the
finish of all our work— the finish that
gives style and comfort to the wearer. -
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Avs.
1 ffOITt $>10.5£ 8
B many other proportionate M
H These reductions Acid <?ooG only H
| SiMAlW^U'Rerractfr^Opticidix I
%JtoOM42-atP«Aa»TSt-6mrio<rr MV-
r^R'^ 1 CENTAL I
I/am\J&N CHAIR! J
¦ ."VAN VROOIYl" 1
I PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, 1
1 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. |
JDR. G. E. SUSSDQRFF, '
1- Late Superintendent Physician City '
\ and Countv Hoapitnl. • ,
f MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES. I
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS. '
' Twenty .'Years' Experience. pj£'| !
Patients maybe treated at home or prl- ,
vate sanitarium. Offlca Glasgow Building.
105 Ellis St.. near Powell. Hour».l» to 12 A
a. .m.. 2 to 4 p. m. \\
TD) HI Ig^ffiBfejg> JI TL. H 7T°^
ff in shoes is achieved • /^^ m f^^^ Lri
[ "not alone by ex- *^ : ' *-V, /
I haustive tests of =; : ;
I the material used in making "." them,': ¦ V
J but principally by so shaping them to the foot
I that there "is no uncomfortable binding and
consequently no injurious strain on the . ¦
leather. Shoes so made /not only look well,
but retain their attractive appearance" after
long use. In our NEW $3.50 DEPARTMENT
we keep the only shoes in San Francisco
I which, ac the same price, possess fully these
| indispensable qualities. .We keep them in
J every "smart" shape and in all materials, f
/v— ' \