JDVFFALO, Sett. $.y Milburn House; 6 aim:— The President pissed a somewhat rest
¦D Uss night, sleeping fairly well. General' condition unchanged. Pulse 126, tempera
ture 101, respiration 28. P- M.RIXEY, M. T>.,
GEO. B. CORTELYOU, Secretary: MrfNN.
PRESIDENT PASSES A RESTLESS -NIGHT, BUT SLEEPS FAIRLY WELL
DISTINGUISHED AMERICANS WHOSE NAMES HAVE FIGURED PROM
INENTLY IN DISPATCHES BEARING UPON THE BUFFALO TRAG
EDY. MAJOR SILVESTER HAS . INSTITUTED . A FAR-REACHING
MOVEMENT AGAINST ANARCHISTS.
One of Edison's best X-ray machines
and his most skilled and trusted oper
ator, Dr. H. A. Knolls, arrived to-day.
The batteries were charged and the ma
chine is ieady. for instant u*se. With it
the. physicians say there is / not the
slightest doubt that the ball can be lo
cated perfectly for an operation. They
do not deem if advisable to sap any of
the President's strength at this time.
All this reserve force is needed now to
Thus far the bullet, which is still in
the body, gives the physicians no anxi
ety; but if the slightest inflammation
appear ir. the region of the lead it will
be immediately extracted. ; No difficulty
is expected in this regard.
Yesterday one of the doctors thought
forty-eight hours would be the limit of
the danger from that source, but his
more conservative colleagues believe at
least twenty-four hours, possibly thirty
six from this time, must elapse" before
the possibility of peritonitis shall have
vanished. That disposed of, still other
complications may arise. Blood-poison
ing may set in or an abscess form where
the bullet is imbedded in the muscles of
the back.
And yet, despite all this optimism,
the President is by no means out of
danger. None of his physicians, not one
of his advisers who is admitted to the
inner councils, has the temerity to go so
far as to declare that he is. But if he
continue to improve for one day more
the danger of peritonitis, which is most
dreaded, will have practically disap
peared.
NOT YET OUT OF BATTGEB.
continuously, remained 'steadfastly
throughout the day in the little white
walled tents across the street from the
house where the country's patient lay
and flashed the news over the land and
the sea.
Dr. Charles McBurney. the famous
New York surgeon, who had been sum
moned in consultation, after a thorough
examination in which he said he had
found not a single unfavorable symp
tom, joined in the last afternoon bul
letin, which declared that the President's
condition was satisfactory to the physi
cians present. It is not strange, there
fore, that the Vice President, the mem
bers of the Cabinet and other distin
guished \-isitors who called came away
with lighter hearts and buoyant tread
and gave expression to the most optim
istic sentiments.
Not the slightest premonitory symp
tom of peritonitis appeared and the
fresh hope born with the morning grew
stronger and stronger as the day ad
vanced, until toward evening the con
fidence expressed in the President's re
covery seemed almost too sanguine.
2JO TJNTAVOKABLE SYMPTOM.
The developments of last night and
to-day were dreaded, but hour after hour
passed and the distinguished patient,
struggling there beneath the watchful
eyes of physicians and trained nurses,
showed no unfavorable signs. Five
times during the day the doctors and
surgeons assembled for consultation
and each time the verdict was unani
mous that what change had occurred
was for the better.
BUFFALO, Sept. 8.— Through
this quiet, peaceful Sunday
every word that came from
the big vinedad house in
Delaware avenue, in which
the stricken chief magistrate of the na
tion lies battling for life, was reassuring,
and to-night the chances for his recov
ery are so greatly improved that all of
those who have kept the patient vigil
at his bedside feel strongly that his life
¦will be spared.
Though President McKinley Is Not Yet Out of
Danger Symptoms of Serious Com
plications Are' Lacking."
CHANGES IN PATIENT'S CONDITION
ARE ALL TOWARD IMPROVEMENT
KIEL, Sept. 7, 1901.— To the President of the
United States, Buffalo: I am horrified be
yond words at the dastardly attempt on
your life. My best and warmest good wishes
and most earnest hopes for your recovery.
EDWARD.
BRITISH KING GRIEVES.
throughout the country love it. They
do not desire to place any stone in ths
path of the authorities who are laboring
to unravel the plot, if any plot existel,
and all the machinery of the Govern
ment secret service will be used to aid
the State authorities in the prosecution
of their investigation. But by the direct
request of Secretary Root, on behalf
of his colleagues, the District Attorney
and the police will not permit the pris
oner to be seen or interviewed.
The , members of the Cabinet are do
ing everything in, their power to prevent
the sensational of Czolgosz,
because he undoubtedly craves notoriety
and because his ¦ fellow anarchists
whether the surgeons were all right. Mr.
Cortelyou assured him that he had made
inquiries and that they were reputed to
be among the most skillful in their pro
fession. The President accepted the "as
surance instantly and jj immediately an
nounced he was ready.
All the effects of the ether which was
administered when the operation was
performed on the ' exposition grounds
had disappeared this morning and the
President's mind was -perfectly clear
during the time he was awake to-day.
To-day for the first time he enjoyed nat
ural sleep. While he was still more or
less under the influence of the anaes
thetic his slumber was restless and'dis-
PATIENT'S MIND CLEAB.
resist the danger of peritonitis and sep
tic poisoning. Besides, if inflammation
does not set in around the bullet, it will
soon become encysted. :
The encouraging news spread over
the Exposition City with great rapidity
and thousands came in carriages, in
street cars and afoot to learn for them
selves of the faith and confidence that
existed about the Milburn house. The
brightness of the day, with its cool,
bracing atmosphere, added to the gen
eral cheerfulness, and when a score of
newsboys darted into the crowd about 6
o'clock shouting "Extra! The President
will live!" it was with difficulty that they
could suppress the shouts of thanksgiv
ing that arose in their throats. And the
newspaper men, many of whom have
been at their posts for forty-eight hours
1 T-OENIGSBERG, Sept. 7, 1901.— To the Presi-
W\ dent cf the United States, FuTfalo : I am
*^ deeply distressed* 1 by the news of the-das
tardly attempt on your life. I express to you
how I and the whole of the German people feel
for you and the anguish through which your
country has to pass- May the Lord grant you
a sure and speedy recovery. WILLIAM, I. R.
KAISER SENDS SYMPATHY.
Later Secretary Cortelyou took , oc
casion to emphasize this very: point by
issuing an official statement assuring the
public of the complete trustworthiness
of the bulletins sent out by. the physi
cians. Senator Hanna came agairijiir
ing the afternoon and was seldonwar
removed from the Milburn house, v Sec
retary Root has taken up,quarters-im
mediately next door and was in frequent
consultation with those inside. He and
Secretary Gage, Secretary Hitchcock
and Attorney General Knbx called- to-
BULLETINS TRUSTWORTHY.
All day the members of the Cabinet
and others associated with the President
in public life came solicitously and went
away almost jubilantly, all reflecting the
hopeful outlook at the Milburn house.
Vice President Roosevelt received the
earlier bulletins, and, after going to
church, hurried to the residence. There
he was joined by Senator Hanna. They
came away together and gave expression
to .the most confident and encouraging
sentiments. The Vice President not
only shared the cheerful feeling, but was
extremely optimistic. Both gentlemen
took occasion to denounce in unmeas
ured terms the statements gaining circu
lation in some quarters that the doctors
were not frank in their communications
to the public. They maintained that the
President's favorable condition was even
understated by the physicians, through
motives of conservatism, during the
seventy-two hour period.. . .
To-day also, for the first time, nour
ishment was administered. It was in
liquid form and was injected hypoder
mically to avoid the possibility of ir
ritating the walls of the stomach. The
exterior wound was dressed this morn
ing and is progressing satisfactorily.
turbed and did him little, real good. Be
tween 9 and 4 o'clock he had the solace
of natural slumber for about four hours,
and the physicians stated 1 officially that
his sleep had been "quiet and reposeful"
and had helped the sufferer a great deal.
"The. consensus 'of opinion; among tl^p
members of the Cabinet is 'that',/ should
Vice President Roosevelt will not hear
of such a course: Still, in the : event of
grave international V. complications' ;*' an
emergency, might occur, and the ques
tion has arisen .in their midst asf to who
should proclaim: the disability provided
for by the constitution: .That instru
ment is silent on -the subject. 1 There is
no precedent to; follow. During the
"protracted! illness, of -Garfield
before , his death Vice". President Arthur
"was* hot: called upon to act./ .; ¦>/!£
EMERGENCY MAY ABISE.
•The Cabinet officers feel it to be their
duty to be. here in this crisis -to meet
any emergency. They are holding no
formal meetings, although there are
some matters of public business which
they daily discuss . informally, and the
possible contingencies should the Pres
ident grow worse are ; also thoroughly
canvassed. They - do not believe that
there is the most remote possibility that
Vice President Roosevelt will be called
upon to exercise the functions of chief
magistrate under the disability clause of
the .constitution ¦._. while the President
lives. ..•• . -.¦ - '¦ ¦¦' -¦•••¦•',.
gether- about - noon, and, indeed, there
was no time during the day when some
member. of the Cabinet was not in the
house where his stricken chief lay. Even
those most, prominent in public life did
not see him, as the doctors would not
relax the ironclad rule . they have laid
down to. prevent the least drain upon
his energies and vitality. Those who
came and went moved silently and rev
erently, receiving, the latest statements
from the doctors and departing:. All of
the members of the, Cabinet are here ex
cept Secretaries Hay ' and Long. \ . The
former telegraphed to-day that he would
start from Newbury to-morrow and
would probably be here to-morrow
night. Secretary Long telegraphed that
he was coming but did not specify the
time. • ', \ ¦
"Speaking as a surgeon," he said, in
effect, "and disregarding for the moment
the personality of the patient. I would
say that to me his recovery seems al
most as certain as anything human can
be. Let me explain: ' ,\ If the distin
guished patient in Milburn's home were
known to me merely as a man who had
received a gunshot wound and I knew
nothing more of him than what I could
see as a surgeon,' I would say, there was
absolutely no doubt of his recovery. My
apprehensions are now based not in the
least upon my views of this case as a
surgeon, but because of "the vast im
portance of the life of the patient to all
of us and to the nation." : 'i ..;.. ~''\
Dr. Charles McBurney of New York,
one of the most famous surgeons in this
country in dealing with wounds of the
nature of that inflicted upon the Presi
dent, made a thorough examination of
the distinguished patient and reported
that he could find no trace of peritonitis.
In response to the President's inquiry
he told him that he had more than a
fighting chance. ;
BUFFALO, Sept. 8.— While
Vice President Roosevelt was
looking over his mail at his
rooms in Ansley Wilcox's
home this morning and be
fore he had breakfasted, Dr. Matthew
D. Mann, the Buffalo specialist, who has
had a large practice here in abdominal
operations and who has been with the
President much of the time since he was
shot, called. Dr. Mann said he had
come k to give the Vice President the lat
est news from President McKinley and
lie came ali the more gladly because his
news was thoroughly encouraging. \He
said to Colonel Roosevelt that there was
every reason to believe the President
would recover.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Then I will recover," was the Pres
ident's determined reply.
Dr. McBurney's statement, dictated
lor The Call to-night, follows:
"In regard to the present condition of
President McKinley I would call your
attention to the fact that it is but a
little over forty-eight hours since the
shot was fired. It is yet too soon to
speak confidently of the outcome. At
the present hour, however, and giving
due consideration to the severity of the
injury and the importance and extent
of the operation required, the patient's
condition . is entirely satisfactory. It is
gratifying to find that up to the present
time - none of the numerous signs of in
flammation or septic conditions have
appeared. The temperature is not too
high. It is lower to-night than it was
this morning*' The pulse. is better, the
facial expression is entirely satisfactory,
the mind is clear; there is no pain or
tenderness, noA nausea and no distension
of the abdomen.
' "The crisis will have passed Tuesday.
By that time we ought to be able to tell
with a reasonable degree of certainty
whether he is going to recover. Peri
tonitis has not developed. It will have
developed by Tuesday, probably, if it is
going to come at all. The wounds have
entirely closed. - They were closed im
mediately after the "operation. There has
been no subsequent exploration of the
wounds. The 'presumption is now that
the bullet is lodged in the muscles of the
back. If it is lodged there it is harm
less and there is no . need to take it
out.", ; ;
• The doctor added that if the President*
lived until Tuesday he ought to be so
far recovered in three or four weeks as
to resume his ordinary duties.
': Secretary Cortelyou, iri whose hands
the management of everything seems to
be; was able, to take some rest this
morning for the 5 first time since : the
tragedy. -The great . confidence which
the'President has in his secretary could
not have beenmore strikingly illustrated
than at the exposition , hospital, when
he was about to be placed upon the op
erating table. The President ' realized
that " the sooner the operation was per
formed the better^and he ,was perfectly
willing to submit himself ; to the knife.
R : s only solicitude was as to the com
petency of the surgeons who were to
perform the operation. Just before ;he
was placed upon the table, he called Sec
retary Cortelyou to him ' and .'asked
•Mrs. McKinley, continues to bear up
bravely and her fortitude under the cir
cumstances is regarded as remarkable.
One of.her dearest and closest friends,
Mrs. Rand "of Washington, has arrived
here and will probably remain with her
during this trying; period.
The messages ' of sympathy from all
over the United States and all over the
world, in fact, have fairly overwhelmed
Secretary Cortelyou.. Two more White
House stenographers have been sent
for and, upon their arrival, perhaps to
morrow, some . of the important
messages will be made/public. Almost
every Government in the world has been
heard from* most. of the crowned heads
of Europe sending personal messages.
Among the latter are King Edward,
Emperor William, the Kings of Portu
gal, Italy and Sweden and the Sultan of
Turkey. President ; Lotibet. of . the , re
public »bf France has cabled his sym
pathy direct. One of the most touching
messages . thus ; far received was from
Madame Labori, the. wife of Maitre La
bori, who . defended Dreyfus in his fa
nous trial at. Rennes. .
MESSAGES POURING IN.
Vice President Roosevelt's attendance
at the morning service of the First Pres
byterian Church gave occasion- for a
heartfelt expression of the sorrow uni
versally felt over the calamity and the
detestation of.the assassin's .methods. A
fervid prayer by the pastor, Dr. Mitchell,
invoked the' sternest reprobation of an
archy and asked that the temples of pub
lic life be scourged of men willing- to
temporize with the madness of anarchy.'
The interest. in the President's condi
tion was such across the Canadian bor
der that the press' was asked to furnish
a bulletin this morning to be read in
the churches in Quebec and Montreal
and many requests of a similar character
came direct to Secretary Cortelyou from
different parts of the United States. ' -
\ The members of the Cabinet are mak
ing their headquarters at -the Buffalo
Club and there the interchanges take
place. • They are to remain here for the
present, and "the plans of departure are
indefinite and not even thought of while
the President is not entirely out of dan
ger. If he should pass the danger point,
however, they will return at once to
Washington.',- •
the occasion arise, they themselves
¦would'" have rto decide and proclaim -the
existence' of "the disability. The Supreme
Court,, they" say, could not do so. as
there would be no way in "which the
question could be raised before that tri
bunal.
Patient Himself Declares He Will Live When One
. j of His Physicians-^Tens- Him That tHe
Has a Fighting Chance.
SURGEON MANN SAYS RECOVERY
OF THE PRESIDENT IS CERTAIN
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 101.
STRICKEN PRESIDENT IS PASSING THE CRISIS THAT MEANS LIFE OR DEATH
AND PHYSICIANS NOW REGARD HIS ULTIMATE RECOVERY AS ALMOST CERTAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.DISTINGUISHED FOREIGNERS
WHO DEPLORE THE TRAG
EDY IN BUFFALO.
The United States Consul General/ P.^H.
Mason,' said: "If there was a /head of. a
civilized nation who should have been pre
served by his kind and blameless life from
assassination It was ; Mr. McKinley I
knew him from childhood. We were both
"Regarding the Spanish war, he tried
earnestly to prevent it, but when, he saw
the people were determined to' end- the
Cuban struggle he put himself at the head
of the movement and brought It ,to a
triumphant end.".
BERLIN. Sept. 8.— The United States
Embassador, Andrew D. .White, who was
Interviewed before his departure for Sass
nitz, said :
"President McKinley's death would be
a terrible loss at the time when he had
marked out a policy for the United States
calculated to complete magnificently his
career. I knew him, for many years and
never heard him speak without being
deeply Impressed by his. ability, patriot-
Ism and goodwill to all mankind. If there
ever was a democrat (1 use the word in
its true senso) he is one. The only
thing he had at heart was the welfare,
not of a person nor of a class, but of all
the people. . His conduct has been' ad
mirable. .
White * Eulogizes His Chief.
"These things come hardest on the
women, and. at least poor Mrs. McKinley,
in her state of health, should have been
spared."
The Pope, the Daily News correspond-*
ent says, also displayed deep emotion,
saying: . ~-\-u :¦ ;-.«*¦ ¦
"Oh! How. earnestly I pray that he
may escape with his life. . These crimes
are the curse of our. day. I can only
offer the afflicted -victim and his poor
wife my humble prayers.".
It is gratifying at least to see the universal
sympathy the crime has evoked for the victim.
The whole world is kin to-day alike In horror
at the act and in compassion for the Ameri
can President and the American people. Thus,
it may be, out of evil good will come and. the
nations be drawn into closer bonds of sym
pathy. .
Queen Margherlta, upon hearing the
news of the attempt upon the life of
President McKinley, says the Rome cor
respondent of the Daily News, said, with
tears in her eyes: -• -
The Observer says:
The atrocity of the outrage again brings be
fore the public the question of how to deal
with anarchists. Scotland Yard knows a deal
more about the London anarchists than the
public realizes. The police even recognize
clubs In which anarchical doctrines are
preached and plots hatched. The members of
such organizations btamp . themselves as out
laws and the time has arrived when they
should be treated as such. They are a source
of terrible danger to the community and should
no longer be tolerated. ,
.The Sunday papers all voice the horror
and sympathy already expressed by the
daily press. The Sunday Special, after
commenting upon the insane aimlessness
with which the anarchists apparently se
lect their victims, says:
I rejeice to hear the favorable account of
the President's health. God gTant that his
life be preserved. EDWARD. Rex.
LONDON, Sept. 8.— The following tele
gram froni King Edward, at Fredensburg,
to United States Embassador Choate was
received at 10 o'clock this evening:
King Edward's Well Wishes.
"The crime of 1865 was explained by po
litical passion. The crime of yesterday is
wholly inexcusable. It would, seem' that
a President chosen by universal suffrage
would be safe amid the people of -the'
freest country of the world. But, no.
Amid the outcasts of humanity are . de
generates who detest all authority. The
criminal explained all by declaring him
self an anarchist, and he was moved. by
the same motives as was the murderer of
the Empress of Austria. Anarchists are
indifferent as to how the .world regards
their crimes. They present ends which
are 'intelligible only to their own minds.
However, such a state of things cannot
be allowed to continue. The existing leg-"
islation against anarchism Is evidently
insufficient to accomplish its ends, and it
must be reconstituted, because states
have the right to enjoy liberty and not to
be affrighted lest their tranquillity be de
stroyed at any moment by some individ
ual's caprice.
"In view of Central American compli
cations It was Important to the United
States fhat the administrative machine
should be directed by the firm hand^of Mc-
Kinley, who had consecrated his entire
life to the service of his country. This
great merit cannot be denied even by the
moit zealous of his political opponents.
"The United States' misfortune will fill
all states with compassion, and, above
all, will find the heartiest condolence in
Russia, where the sympathies toward the
over-sea republic are as deep and con
stant as are the sentiments of respect to
ward the victim of the dreadful crime."
been committed, the news of
which has filled the whole civilized world
with horror, indignation and grief. Presi
dent McKinley was the victim of one of
those stupid crimes which, to the shame
of humanity, continue. The circum
stances augment the. horror of the crime.
"What happened in Gethsemane nineteen
centuries ago is repeated. This new-
Judas', kiss has reverberated through the
world. The answer will only be Indignant
contempt. . .....
the sea a horrible crime has
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept 8.— The
Novoe Vremya, referring to the
attempted assassination of Pres
ident McKinley, says:
"In the 'great republic beyond
Novoe Vremya Voices the
Friendliness of the
Empire for the
United States.
RUSSIA GIVES
EXPRESSION TO
HER SYMPATHY
Continued ' Page Four.
From Charles E. Ladry. Swiss chanre*
MANCHESTER. Mass., Sept. 8.-1 am in re
ceipt of the following: telegram from the high
Swiss Federal Council: Tou.are requested to
express to his Excellency Mr. McKinley and
to the Government of the United- States' our
horror of the attempted assassination at'Buf
falo and our wishes for the speedy recovery
of the patient.
\
From Lord Provost of Edinburgh: In the
name of the citizens of Edinburgh, I beg to
express horror at dastardly outrage upon Pres
ident McKinley and to assnre him and Mrs
McKinley and the : Government and people of
the .united States of our sympathy with them
and prayers for President's recovery.
Prayers for'Becovery.
From Lord of London: The citizens of Lon
don : have received with profound regret and
great indignation intelligence of the dastardly
attempt on the life of the distinguished Presi
dent of the United States, and desire to con
vey through your Excellency their sincere sym
pathy Mlth your country on this event. They
trurt that so valuable a life as President Me-
Kinleys may be spared for the welfare of the
American people. .
From Vice Dean of Canterbury: Accept ex
pressions of deep sorrow at outrage upon Pres
ident. Prayers . off ered for his recovery at all
services in Canterbury Cathedral. - • ,
In pursuance of instructions of the Italian
Premier. I have the honor in the name of the
Italian nation to express to your Excellency
the deepest feelings of execration of the crime
committed against the President of the United
States and the most fervent wishes for his re
covery-" " '-¦ ¦
Consul General Hughes, at Cobure Ger
many, cabled:
Prince Regent Hohenlohe and Governments
Coburg. Gotha and Meinlngeng, request me to
convey deepest sympathy.
Embassador Choate at London sent the
following': : -
Mr. Iyjwther, the Charge d' Affaires of
Great. Britain, from Newport, R. I ' sent
separate messages of sympathy which he
had been requested to communicate by
the Governor and people of Barbadoes. of
Trinidad and Tobago, of the Bahamas
and of the Windward Islands. Mr Cari"
nani. the Italian Charge d'Affaires. sent
the lollowinc:
From British. West Indies.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Sept. 8.— Vice Presi
dent of the United States, Washington: The
worklngtnen of Chile deplore the attempt
against the illustrious President.
LIMA, Peru. Sect. 8.— Cuban colony express
deep reeret at dastardly attempt on life of
President McKinley, offerim? earnest prayers
for rrompt recovery.
MONTEVIDEO. Sept. 8.-President Hcus« of
Representatives. Washington: In the name of
the House I regret the sad accident that has
occured to Mr. McKinley, and make wishes
for the recovery of the illustrious invalid, i
.^ , JOSE EAVEDRA,
President 1 House of Representatives of Uru
guay.
MINSTEAD. Sept. 7.— Deejj sympathy and
sorrow at fearful crime. -
SIR WILLIAM VERNON HARCOURT
MONTEVIDEO, Sept. 7.— The Government of
Uruguay makes wishes for the speedy recov
ery of the illustrious President of the United
States, Mr. McKinley. I send you greetings
; GORMAN BOOSEN.
Minister for Foreign Affairs of Uruguay.
BUENOS ATRES. Sept. 7— To the President
cf the Senate of the United States, Washing
ton: The Senate of the Argentine nation in
ita session of to-day has protested, rising,
against the attempt of which the illustrious
President of ihe United States has been th«
victim, and makes wishes that God may pre
serve the life of so worthy a *uler. I send you
K reeungs. NORBERTO QUfixo COSTA.
'rv .„ President* the Senate.
OCAMPO, Secretary. * T»
LIMA, Sept. 7.— The Senate of Peru ex
presses to the Deople and Government of the
Lnlted States the profound feeling inspired in
them by the iniquitous attempt of which the
t-erscn of President McKinley has been a vlc
lIm - CANDAMO, President.
South American Expressions.
His Highness, Prince Regent Lultpold, is ab
tent. He telegraphs me to convey to the Presi
dent and people profound sympathy and wishes
EPjeedy recovery. FALK
U. S. Vice Consul at Munich, Bavaria.
I beg that my deepest sorrow and sympathy be
offered to President and Mrs. McKinley. The
Minister of State, at the Queen Regent's order
called yesterday and to-day to ask that all news
oe cent to her immediately .STORER.
United States Minister to Spain.
His Majesty, King of Wurtemberg, sends
through me his deepest sorrow and sympathy
expressing the hope that the despicable mur
derous attempt will have no serious consequence
upon the President's life. Please' convey also
my sincerest condolences. 'OZMUN.
United States Consul at Stuttgart.
\iceroy Taumu, dreadfully shocked, asks me
to convey through you heartfelt sympathies for
the President and Mrs. McKinley. Says God
eurely would not permit so good a man to die
through assassin's bullet. McWADE,
United States Consul at Canton, China.
The King and his Government pray your Ex
cellency to transmit to President and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley their sympathy with indignant feeling
for the shocking: attempt on the President, and
they hope for" a prompt recovery.
W'AUTEKS, Charge of Belgium.
The Chamber of Deputies of Chile sincerely
laments. the criminal attempt on the life of the
distinguished chief magistrate, Mr. McKinley,
and makes wishes for his recovery.
-/-; • CONCHO'W. President.
BIAXCO, Secretary.
WASHINGTON, Sept 8.—Ex
pressions of condolence
from all Quarters of the
¦world continue to flow in
upon the State Department.
To-day's messages were
mostly from crowned heads
and governments. Among them were the
following-:
LONDON. Sept. 7, 1901.— Secretary of State.
Washington: Following message of condolence
received from his Majesty, the King, to Ameri
can Embassador: "Offer my deepest sympathy
at the dastardly attempt on the President's Hfe.
Have telegraphed direct to President."
CHOATE. Embassador.
NEWPORT. R. L. Sept. 8, 1901.— Secretary of
State, 'Washington. D. C: The Prime Minister
of Canada, commanded by the Governor Gen
eral, aeslres me to convey to you expression of
the sense of horror with which the Government
and people of Canada have learned of the fiend
ish attempt on the life of the President and the
deep sympathy they feel in the distress of th«
American nation, and the . President's family.
They fervently hope and pray that it may
please Providence to foil the hand of the assas
sin, and to preserve a life held in such high
reverence, not only by the people of the United
States but all other nations and particularly
the people of Canada. LOWTHER,
Charge on Behalf of Canada and Colonies.
Spain's Queen Regent Grieves.
The Queen Regent of Spain and her Govern
ment direct me to express the horror ¦with
•which they have heard of the dastardly attempt
to assassinate the President of the United
States and their hopes of his speedy Tecovery.
ARCOS. Spanish Minister.
Spain's Queen Regent Wires
Hope That President
Will Live.
Europe's Crowned Heads
and Statesmen Ex
press Sympathy.
Flood of Condolences
Burdens the
Cables.
MESSAGES
FROM ALL
QUARTERS
Nearly. 10 per cent of the recipients of
the Victorian Cross are military doctors.
Assassin Said to; Have Endeavored
• v to Kill the President -
U. in Phoenix."
PHOENIX, Ariz.,' Sept.* '8.— What Is
stt^igly believed Here to have "been an
attwmpt to assassinate . President McKIn
ley?• In Phoenix ¦ on-: his Western tour re
cently was disclosed to-day. ' •• •
Jl Publicity I was | not given j to the occur
rence at the . time. As ( the carriage bear
ing .'; the. President; was "¦ driven through
town in a parade a man sprungfrom the
throng and attempted to climb into the
President's carriage. Rough Riders act
ing as a bodyguard seized the- stranger
and dragged him back into the crowd
where he made his escape.
ATTEMPT WAS MADE
IN AN ARIZONA CITY
To make this impossible, Czolgosz was
secretly transferred >¦ from u his cell .to a
dungeon in" the basement, many feet be
low the surface of the earth. This change
was made without, the knowledge of the
police or detectives attached. to the First
Precinct. . ¦'-. . • ' r,-. . • . : •. <_•,. •¦-.-.•
-The .intense, hatred/that is^felt by all
fflasses for Czolgosz to-day came - near
costing the .life of . another .inmate of . the
jail. A witness who is being hfa,M to tes
tify In v the Dlbold murder case \ind* who
BUFFALO, Sept. 8.— Knowledge has
come to the police of Buffalo that a con
spiracy has been formed to take the life
of Czolgosz, the would-be assassin • of
President McKinley. Every effort will be
made to prevent this j plot from reaching.
Its " fruition. ' Czolgosz occupied a cell on
the third floor of the City Jail.' He was
within sight of those passing along that
corridor, and >it would-have been possible
fpr any one who had gained access to the
jail to shoot at the . anarchist. Other oc
cupants of the jail are especially bitter,
toward Czolgosz, and had' opportunities
been given to them they would have tak
en his life. . ,-.-.. •
Man's Transfer to a"
Dungeon.
Wrath of the People of Buffalo Causes
At Oak Park the First Congregational
Church- was. crowded -when' the Rev.- W.
E. Barton began his sermon. He said
that anarchists, by the . nature of their
beliefs, should not be regarded as citizens
of the United States, but that they should
be looked upon . as : foes and-, treated ; as
such. :¦:.-•-; .:.¦';••.. :•".• = ¦;,;¦
-In. other churches., the clergymen
preached along the same lines..- in Vno
place of worship was heard a single, word
in extenuation of the would-be . assassin's
act. , In every sermon '. denunciation V of
anarchy and its believers was the rule..
At the First Baptist Church the Rev.
P. S. Henson excoriated the men who
sought with an assassin's knife or bullet
to remedy wrongs. In. tears but a few
moments before the clergyman was plead
ing fervently, that .the. President's life
might be spared, the great congregation
sat immovable . when he - raised •- his
clenched hands - to heaven and declared
that anarchists should be driven like dogs
from hole to hole, deprived of free speech
and hunted down like wild beasts. .
CHICAGO, . Sept. 8.— In every pulpit in
Chicago to-day denunciation of v^harchy
and its followers was the theme of the
morning sermon. The indignation and
horror of the people at the attempt on
the President's life' seem- to have frozen
Christian charity, for the prayers. for the
speedy recovery of the chief executive
were followed by stirring demands in ser
mons that . anarchy be stamped' out so
effectually that not a vestige be left.
Clergymen in Chicago Use Vigorous
Words Against Man Who Shot
the Executive.
DENOUNCE ANARCHY '
FROM THE PULPJTS
Mrs. Nation had announced that she
had made her last appearance in Coney
Island. She had forgotten that she must
appear to-morrow morning to answer to
a charge of malicious mischief.
Her manager at this time Insisted that
Mrs. Nation : beat a retreat. He got her
away from Coney Island without any fur
ther scene. '
"You hell hounds!" she cried. i "You
snakes! You can jeer and hoot as you
like."
Mrs. Nation's manager, seeing the situ
ation, tried to induce her to leave the
stage. Julius Harfiarr of Newark pro
posed three cheers for the President, and
the assemblage gave them with a will.
Mrs. Nation became furious. ¦ . ¦ • . • .=
She had hardly uttered this sentiment
when she was greeted with jeers "and
hisses. Many of the audience . arose to
protest. Indignant comments were heard
all over the auditorium. Several of the
audience advanced to the platform with
menacing gestures. The thousand persons
who were present were unanimous In their
expression of contemDt.
"Bill McKinley deserves to die. He is
a friend of the brewer and the drinking
man. I have no care for him. He de
serves just what he got."
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— Mrs. . Car
rie Nation narrowly escaped
personal injury to-night at
Steeplechase Park, Coney Isl
and, after an intemperate at
tack upon President McKin
ley. She was about to con
clude her lecture, when she raised her
voice and exclaimed: ¦¦ ¦- .• . •
Special Dispatch to The t Call.
Insults the President and
Barely Escapes Being
Roughly Handled.
CARRIE NATION
ANGERS CONEY
ISLAND CROWD
CONSPIRACY FORMED
: TO KILL ASSASSIN
Vice President Roosevelt and Secretary
Kay would find themselves out of accord
on most Important questions bearing upon
the . treaty with Great Britain. Hay is
in favor of a neutral canal that should
be fortified, believing that is the surest
way. to protect the projected great water
way. : Roosevelt, burning with -the idea
'of Americanism, is in "favor of. a canal
to be built with American money, con
trolled by American administrators and
defended by American forts. He is an
advanced- advocate of fortifications on the
canal, which was the chief reason why
Great- Britain rejected the treaty. Then,
it is reasonably certain that' Roosevelt's
accession to the Presidency would be fol
lowed by a complete change in policy on
the subject of the neutrality of trie canal.
Mr. Root and the Vice President have
had differences In the past, • but they are
as great friends as ever, and. it is be
lieved that there is no office that Roose
velt thinks too important for Root to ac
ceptably fill. As to the other • members
of the Cabinet, conjecture at this time
would be idle. It Is not likely that Mr.
Long Would continue as Secretary of tho
Navy nor Mr. Knox as Attorney General.
Mr.. Gage would probably retire as Secre
tary of the Treasury and a younger man
from the West would be likely, to succeed
him. . • .--;.. ..
Differs From John Hay.
When Arthur became President there
was practically a clean sweep in the Cabi
net. Unquestionably all the members of
the present Cabinet would tender their
resignations. It is quite probable, that
Mr. Hay would retire as Secretary of
State. His .personal liking for President
McKinley • and his feeling that the pollcy
oi' an inter-oceanic canal treaty with Eng
land remains to be carried out are the
only things that keep him in the Cabinet
to-day. . .,'..¦¦
¦ Roosevelt as President might mean as
great a political revolution as that whlcn
took place when Arthur succeeded Gar
field. - It would be insulting to Vice Presi
dent Roosevelt to say that he had ever,
planned m • his. own mind a course that
he would follow should he become Presi
dent, ytc enough is known of his likes
and dislikes, of his position on public
questions and of political conditions con
fronting vim as a candidate for the Presi
dency iii 11)04. to permit a i fairly accurate
outline of tome of the things that wouscl
happen should a change occur -at this
time. : ¦
Roosevelt a3 Successor.
Vice .President Roosevelt is still here,
showing in every word and deed his solici
tude that the President should recover.
He is ¦ apparently thinking ' less ' about a
change than any other man in Buffalo.
He came because he felt that there' was
nothing else that he. could do,' and he has
placed himself entirely at the disposal of
the Cabinet. His generous sympathy is
fully appreciated by all intimate political
friends of the President, and the big of
fice holders in the administration In New
York and Ohio, as well as elsewhere,
have found the news that the President
would likely recover doubly gratifying, in
view of the revolution that might tako
place should there be a change in the
White House.
deaths has been such a grave
question that it lias not been ignored by
the men comprising the administration.
ing to his indisposition .. or
BUFFALO, Sept. 8.— Although
President McKinley appears
to be in a fair way. to recover
speedily, the possibility of a
change in the Presidency,* ow-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A Woman's Venomous Words.
_The sentiment was loudly anoianH.^
The sensational statement of the £» f
Ing came when Mrs. Todd ambled EV£~
speakers' stand. Her eyes flwhed vSo^i*
ly and her portly frame shook with "^"
saga ffl .&a s?Sgg f s
system of tyrannical rulers • Kine* 2 2
Presidents, whose pastime it utifn and
the common people/ When th^° Ppress
get their just deserts as^one did the^thT
day. what do they, do? They arrest ev^rv
oyustice! And you calUhis'aVie'cSS
of the men applauded .vigorously. * jj£
' The proceedings began with readings
from the book of Samuel by Robertson
He expounded the meaning of the verses
one 00 ?' ln a halting manner and with
a maddening absence of "h's." He blas
phemed unrestrainedly against all that
men hold most sacred, and denounced
Christianity, the priesthood and aU "hat
pertains to the well-being of society as an
irremediable curse. To him the Bible was
a hideous work, which should only be
read for the amusement it affords to in
quiring minds like his own and for the
convincing proofs it contains that God is
a fable of superstition and all human si "
cerlty and love a hollow mockery Tha
speaker delighted In making, filthy afiu?
sions, which caused the woman in terra
C ?, U f»,, to >f q ", Irm w i th deligh? And &SS
all this he drew the moral that the only
way to regenerate mankind was to de
stroy "the fables of superstition and hyl
pocrisy whl€h have come down to us
through the ages." us
"Why don't the Christians come here
that we may teach them their ignorance
and them into light?" Inquired th£
speaker, mournfully. *"nuirea the
ei that Mr. Robertson had already SSta
iU.K'°',1i t "- ml "i;"iP°n he retifea-to his
upon the gathering at this T remark /»<!
ln n o"rde n r Ute BPCeChe3 Were ***£& VK
tlt T £1 i flrst dIrect allusion to President
McKinley was made by a man vfi W? n i
Phillips, an East Indian, wh? ?„ fifS**
language, declared that thePrwMon> en
responsible for. the mercHess bSnings^of
SffSS? thestake In the BouthdStaJ
"He could have stopped these «„?
rages!" roared Phillips ?n a frenzv £
rage "I hold that he is no better 7^
fsheS" rlCh ' he W ° Uld fcave^Seen* £ff
Scoffing at Christians.
It was a motley crowd that gathered at
Pythian Castle yesterday ostensibly to
listen to a learned discourse upon "Samuel
the Seer," by John Robertson, but in real
ity to comment upon the great tragedy
which has plunged the nation into gloom.
There were eighty-four men, who were
for the greater part past the meridian of
life, and, eight women of uncertain pedi
gree and age. The majority of those
present were foreigners, of little educa
tion, but apparently possessed of the sin
gle idea that the affairs of humanity are
going to the dogs and that unless the ig
norance of the world is speedily dispelled
according to ihe anarchistic convictions
mankind is Irretrievably lost. The wom
en, with a single exception, contented
themselves with applauding such in
cendiary remarks as were expressed, but
they were ably represented on the ros
trum by Mrs. Todd. a buxom woman of
50 years, who wore a faded terra cotta
colored dress and hat; She sat in one cor
ner and tittered audibly when significant
allusions, that brought the blush of shame
to the ; uninitiated, were voiced. The fe
males appeared to enjoy the proceedings
hugely, and language which the molt
daring speaker would decline to use in a
respectable gathering fell upon their de
praved sensibilities . as dew upon the
grass. s .. . ¦ - - ... . .
¦w- . i -yHILE a sympathetic nation
% A / awaited -with feverish anx
\/\/ iety the result of President
\i \i McKinley's gallant struggle
V j j : . for. life, and while in count
less sanctuaries throughout
• the land a Christian people
was voicing supplications to the Almighty
that the batte for existence " might not
be in vain, a coterie of anarchists, banded
together under the name qt. the Independ
ent Debating Society, applauded every
reference to the shooting of the President
with vim, and 1 "referred to'the nation's ex
ecutive as "the leader of a mob of capi
talists which was trampling- upon the
rights of the people." : . * :v •
CINCINNATI, Sept. 8.— The ramification
of the band of anarchists which Is sup
posed to have been responsible for the
commission of the terrible tragedy at
Buffalo Friday is believed to extend Into
this city. The local police have received
a. telegram from Chief Wilkie of the Fed
eral Secret Service Department request
ing the arrest here of E. Laux, 1430 Mon
roe street. Beyond this statement no in
formation .was furnished. Detectives have
failed to locate Laux, as there is no such
number on Monroe .- street. The police
claim to have the details of a former plot
which was hatched here, and in which a
Cincinnati man left here for Canton, Ohio
the. home of the President, for the pur
pose of murder, but returned, unable to
fulfill his purpose. It is said that' Emma
Goldman visited here Incognito recently
Secret service agents are expected here
in a few days.
occupies a cell with a < window "opening on
to the street to a certain- extent resem
bles the man who attempted to take the
life of President McKinley.
This witness was seen from the street
and. a little later the police heard that a
plot had been, formed .to kill him.
His cell was changed to one that of
fered greater safety ;.and it is. said when
this change was made the prisoner first
learned \ot the attempt that had been
made upon the life of the President .
Eleven men and women who are
avowed anarchists were formally booked
to-night on the charges of conspiracy to
commit murder. They will be taken be
fore Justice Prindiville to-morrow morn
ing for a hearing. It is said that the pros
ecution will ask f.or.a continuance of ten
days that the police may have more time
for an investigation. This was admitted
to-night by Captain Colleran.
"I am not prepared to say that a con
spiracy to kill President McKinley was
formed in Chicago," he said. "The evi
dence in our possession has been turned
over to the law department, and while we
are ready to begin the hearing to-morrow
it Is possible that the city prosecutor may
want more time. In that event we will
ask for a continuance."
Chief O'Neill was directed to get the
names of all the outspoken anarchists
now in the city and to ascertain to what
extent their movement has progressed
during the last three or four years.
If any further proof were needed that
Leon Czolgosz was the guest of ! Chicago
anarchists shortly before he went to Buf
falo on his murderous mission against
President McKinley it was supplied to
day by three of the prisoners of the Cen
tral police station. They identified a pho
tograph of Czolgosz as' a picture of a man
whom they saw at the home of Abraham
Isaak,- 515 Carroll avenue, not longer ago
than July 12.
Chief O'Neill's order is the result of a
conference he had with Mayor Harrison
last night. Information to the effect that
Leon czolgosz, the Buffalo assassin, re
ceived part of his anarchistic education in
Chicago arid that he was one of tnose who
attenaed meetings at which Emma Gold
man and other anarchist leaders spoke in
this city, coupled with the experience of
the Mayor's own family, led Mr. Ham
son to decide on drastic measures in deal
ing with the radicals.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— There will be no
more ' ' revolutionary speeches " '* in ' pub
lic'.in Chicago, if the. police can
prevent, them.-' The edict has gone
forth' from Mayor Harrison and Superin
tendent of Police O'Neill that such utter
ances shall be stopped, and the Chief later
sent orders to the commanding officers of
the various districts to detail men to be
in attendance at all such meetings and to
arrest the speakers if violent language is
used.
ebrating the assassination
of McKinley. They are the largest group
in' the country. An anarchist paper, The
Firebrand, was ' published here before its
removal to Chicago. Czolgosz is known
to them. They were also interested in
King Humbert's assassination.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.— The
Evening Star prints the
following dispatch from
McKeesport. .Pa:
Anarchists at Duffy Hol
low, near here, are cel-
Chicago Police Ordered
to Call Quick Halt
on Mouthings of
rvcUo.
Should McKinley Suc
cumb, the New Presi-'
dent Will Make
Many Changes.
Reference to Shooting
of President McKinley
Greeted With Ap
plause.
ANARCHISTS
REJOICE IN
PENNSYLVANIA
RESIGNATION
OF THE CABINET
WOULD RESULT
DISGRACEFUL
GATHERING OF
ANARCHISTS
"The statement la a lie," he shouted,
with a wild tossing of his arms. "Wo
were organized for the purpose of discuss
ing, all topics without fear or hindrance.
We are not anarchists."
Mrs. Todd laughed loudly at this ap
parent renunciation of principle. SatisfM
with his beginning, the speaker began a
tirade against Christianity, and when his
Illogical discourse was concluded. George
Cumming, an elderly man.' took the floor.
He confessed that his children belonged
to the church, but as for himself, he was
proud to assert his conviction that Chris
tianity was a myth. Mr. Cumming"s clos
ing remarks were profane, a circumstance
that appeared t* please his feminine hear
er ! to . n £ extent.
T An individual known as "Lewis, the
ught. took the floor to talk about the
money question, but he had evidently
been heard before, for he was given little
encouragement. When he closed the au
dience dispersed. The subject for discus;
s . 1 ?" ne 5 t Sunday will be "The Folly of
All Deeds of Violence."
LONDON, Sept. 8.— Prayers for th» re
covery of Mr. McKinley were offered la
hundreds of British churches to-day, no
tably St. Paul's, Westminster Abbey and
Canterbury Cathedral. At the Rev. F. B.
Myers' church In London, where thera
was a large attendance, including many
Americans, the congregation arose and
passed a resolution of sympathy.
Hundreds of callers made Incessant In
quiries throughout the day at the United
States embassy. Many Americans walked,
drove or traveled by train for miles In
order to get the latest authentic news.
All departed delighted but still anxious.
King Edward has shown keen anxiety.
The United States Embassador is keeping
the King fully informed about Mr. Mc-
Kinley's condition.
Todd was encouraged to close with the
remark that It was the duty of "every
independent searcher after the truth to
bring benighted Christians out of th»
darkness into the light." and the women
aPPteuded their champion again.
A middle-aged man arose and protested
against an article In one of the mornms
papers designating the Independent De
bating Society as a gathering of anarcn-
Appeals for the President's Becovery
Go "Up in Many Houses
of Worship.
BRITISH CHURCHMEN
PRAY FOR McKINLEY
And thl3 uncertainty, of. course, is one
of the contingencies to be- counted upon
in the illness of the President himself,
what the. effect would be upon him if the
worst— always perilously near In her case
—were to come to Mrs. McKinley is some
thing no one likes to contemplate. How
tender Is the tie between them is a mat
ter which all the world knows. Her piti
ful helplessness for years has stirred the
President's affectionate disposition to the
profoundest depths. The first thought
that came to his mind when the assassin's
bullet tore through his body was anxiety
for her. The first word he spoke after
being stricken down was about her—ask
ing that she be not told of what had oc
curred, or, if told, that there be no shade
of exaggeration.
His wishes in this respect were amply
fulfilled. She has not been told. With
sedatives to support her she hears only
what those who know her best have told
her and this she has accepted with child
like confidence.
Husband's Love for "Wife.
But even with all the* precautions with
which Mrs. McKinley la still surrounded
there is still grave anxiety for the out
come In her case. Her life, which long
has hung by a thread, one might say.
would hardly survive the slightest shock
in her present condition. The announce
ment In fact that she was at the point of
death, if it came at any moment, wouid
hardly cause surprise.
To-day Mrs. McKinley went for a drive
out Delaware avenue in company with
her cousin. Mrs. Lafayette McWilliams of
Chicago. The air was so superbly bracing
that Dr. Rixey felt a drive in it would
be better. for Mrs. McKinley than all the
drugB that could be given to her. The
result more than justified the physician's
opinion. Mrs. McKinley returned to the
house noticeably brighter and fresher thaa
when she left it.
She is constantly under the influence of
strong tonics and powerful sedatives. A
good deal of the time she sleeps. Nobody
who by apy chance might let her know
the true state of affairs. Is permitted to
come near her. She sees nothir.s: what
ever in the shape pf a newspaper. "Under
these condition's- and with this constant
watchfulness and nursinsr she has borne
up surprisingly well.
To have added to all this anything like
a statement of the awful thins: th«it ha.i
befallen her husband could have hardly
been otherwise than fatal, in the opinion
of those who know Mrs. McKinley's con
dition best. As it 19 It is only Dr. Rlxey's
skill and Intimate knowledse of her ail
ments that have kept her up.
Mr3. McKlnley'a condition was such that
to have told her, no matter how guard
edly, the truth of the situation woulj
have been in all human probability to
have ended her life long before now. Sho
was In a sadly wrecked, nervous condition
even before the tragedy occurred. She
had not recovered from the shock of those
salutes fired when the President arrived
here. - The cannon were let off, through
some Inconceivable stupidity, within tea
feet of the President's private car. of
'which several of the windows on one sida
were smashed In by the concussion. Mrs.
McKinley swooned from the shock ami
from that moment to this has suffered
from It— she has not been even her frail
self.
Dare Not Tell Her "All. -
kept In an artificial atmos
phere of sedatives and greatly modified
statements as to the President's condition,
which has deadened, as far as possibly
the effect of the blow to her. Even at
this time she does not know he has been
shot, still less does she know that he
has been the victim of a villainous at
tempt at assassination. She has been toM
merely that he was hurt out at the ex
position grounds and he needs quiet ana
careful nursing to put him all right again.
BUFFALO, Sept. 8.— The quiet
that the physicians have in
sisted upon having Is almost as
necessary for Mrs. McKinley
as for the President himself.
The unhappy woman has been
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Physicians Withhold Facts
Because Shock Would
Cause Her Death.
Believes the President
Was Slightly Injured
in an Accident.
Mrs. McKinley Is Not
Told of Attempted
Assassination. :
WIFE DOES
NOT KNOW
THE TRUTH
CrVILIZED PEOPLES STILL VOICING THEIR INDIGNATION AND DEEP SORROW
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY^ SEPTEMBER 9, 19Q1;
2BISHOP TALBOT FERVENTLY PRAYS
FOR RECOVERY OF THE PRESIDENT
Sympathy Is Universally Extended and Arrangements
Are Quickly Made in Many Places for Special
Religious Services.
Clergymen of Every Creed Implore the Grace of
Divine Providence for the President and
Laud His Virtues.
CONGREGATIONS IN THE EASTERN
HOUSES OF WORSHIP PRAY FOR
THE RECOVERY OF McKINLEY
DENUNCIATION OF ANARCHISM AND YELLOW JOURNALISM FROM THE PULPIT
Ministers Call Upon Congress to Pass Laws Prohibiting
Followers of the Red Flag Entrance to
the Land of Free Speech.
Eloquent Discourses Delivered by Pastors of San
Francisco and Vicinity Are Applauded •¦'.
by the Congregations.
PRAYERS OFFERED IN ALL THE
CHURCHES FOR THE RECOVERY
OF THE STRICKEN PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1901.
yf NARCHISM and yellow journalism were denounced
- /^2 from many pulpits yesterday. The pastors raised their
voices against these allied evils and in no uncertain terms x
asked for their abolishment. They were in favor of having the
followers of the red flag banished from the country and hoped
tliat the pistol shot at Buffalo sounded the death knell to yellow
journalism.
nation's stricken chief . Members of every denomination
united in a fervent appeal to Divine Providence that President
McKinley might be spared to the people of his sorrowing
. 77 N the houses of worship in every city in the East earnest
.jl prayers were offered up yesterday for the recovery of the
SCENE IN GRACE EPISCOPAL.
CHURCH DURING MORNING
SERVICES.
THE Right Rev. Ethelbert Tal
bot, D. D., Bishop of Central
Pennsylvania, occupied the pul
pit of Grace Episcopal Church
yesterday morning. He preach
ed on the ladder on which the
angels descended from heaven
to encourage Jacob. He said this lad
der, resting as it did on the earth, in
dicated that the Christian people are not
to consider the things of earth beneath
them, but that they are to play an active
part in the business and political world,
and that they are not to shun the whole
some and pure amusements of'ltffe. lie
claimed that It is as much a man's duty
to go to the polls and cast his ballot as
it is his duty to pray.
Before commencing' his sermon. Bishop
Talbot offered a fervent prayer, in which
the congregation joined, that President
McKinley should recover from his griev
ous wound and that he should be restored
to health. Bishop Talbot said in part:
Whatever God gives us to do we must do it
here — here on the streets of San Francisco. If
you are to be pure and noble men and women
you must be so here and not in some distant
heaven. The ideal religious life is the life that
precipitates us into the midst of men. It was
not so long ago that men thought that in order
to be good they must separate, themselves ab-
must receive oun patient and Indulgent atten
tion.
BERKELEY, Sept. 8.— In unsparing language Rev. R. L. Halsey of the First Baptist
Church, in his sermon this morning on "Our Chief Magistrate Stricken," denounced the
yellow press for .its share in the assassination of President McKinldy. In part he said:
"We should be thankful that we 'are not yet too dull to read the lessons that
this tragedy teaches. We may learn from it the lesson that freedom rampant is not lib
erty, but license — that the priests and priestesses of disorder and advocates of lawless
ness must be restrained; that their license may not begin wherever liberties end. We
may learn, moreover, that if you sow a thought you reap an act and that the indiscrimi
nate denunciations and insults and abuse of a vile and venal yellow journalism cannot
stand uncondemned. It is as accessory as lying and pandering to the anti-social pas
sions of man can make it. The color— yellow— is appropriate. It is the Chinese color,
and our yellow'press resembles and is at one with the Chinese Boxers, and sells its
placards for 5 cents a day. At present for a few days it will bottle up its vitriolic vitu
peration. It dare not pour it out before an indignant public. But we know its character
and we need to stir ourselves and see to it that men who pander with their press to, the
vilest and most dangerous passions of human nature be given to understand that they
forfeit the respect of all decent men and worthy citizens."
DENOUNCES YELLOW JOURNALISM FOR ITS SHARE
IN THE ATTEMPTED KILLING OF THE PRESIDENT
"With some curses for me they unwillingly stopped beating the man, but took his
new hat with them into the saloon which was their rendezvous. When I boarded the car I
saw another man whose shirt and collar, were soaked with his own blood from wounds and
cuts. Not far from this church a young machinist, the father of a family of children,
while coming home from his toil was beaten and. had one of his eyes gouged out and he
is now in a precarious condition."— Extract from sermon by Rev. Frank; K. Baker of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church. ", . ', ;
THE spirit of anarchy seems to be having its own way in San Francisco at the present
time. The other day while walking down one of our own busy thoroughfares I met a
gentleman who had just gotten away from a crowd of lawless and inhuman fellows, who
had beaten him unmercifully. His face was covered with blood and as he staggered
along three of the band of brigands followed him and when near me jumped on the helpless
man and began to beat his face until I interfered and pleaded with them to spare the
man's life. -\_
MINISTER STATES THAT THE SPIRIT OF ANARCHY
REIGNS IN THIS CITY AT THE PRESENT TIME
Repressive Measures.
Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke preached
an eloquent sermon to the congregation
Bev. Father York© in His Sermon
Says It Is Privileged to Use
COUNTRY HAS RIGHT
TO PROTECT ITSELF
of St. Peter's Church at the 10:30 o'clock
mass yesterday morning. In part he said:
To-day, dear brethern, we are sitting in the
shadow of a great national calamity. The chief
magistrate of the republic has been struck down
by the hand of. an assassin. He: lies between
life and death. It is our duty to pray that God,
through whom alone all rulers have rule, to
spare him to the country that chose him to
govern it. j
It Is the teaching of holy writ and of holy
church that all power Is from God. . It matters
nothing -what may be the form of government
a people may adop"t — republic, kingdom or em
pire. Once that government is adopted and is
discharging its proper functions the authority it
wields comes from the Almighty. He that re
slsteth the higher powers reslsteth God. The
President of this republic rules with the au
thority of God, and that authority is recognized
and safeguarded by the. consent of eighty mil
lions of loyal freemen. .."
Therefore, dear brethren, the at-
I plead- for the suppression of these men and
women who would draw the last drop ot blood
from the breast of law. Let us commence in
Paterson. N. J.. and sweep the nation clean of
anarchists from shore to shore, and from the
lakes to the gulf. . tiW- -,
I>et n« further hope that the plntol
shot In Buffalo aonnd* the death
knell of yellow Journalism In the
United States.
The anarchist* of the country ought to be
shot, not as capital punishment nor for revenge
in which I do not believe, but as a matter of
protection. Mutiny on the hlgn seas and trea
son In the army are suppressed In this way
Why should we not deal with anarchy as we
Co with thieves and murderers? They should
be shot in the name of Lincoln. Garfleld and
McKinley, and in defense of the flag they would
pull down.
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the Third
Congregational Church, aroused applause
by his utterances agrainst anarchy and
yellow journalism last evening. The
church was far too small to accommodate
the attendance and hundreds were turned
away. Dr. Rader delivered an eloquent
address and his fervent remarks aroused
enthusiasm.' In part he said:
Congregational Pastor Denounces
Anarchism and Yellow Jour
nalism From His Fupit.
RADER'S REMARKS
AROUSE APPLAUSE
The epirlt of anarchy seems to be having its
own way in San Francisco at the present time.
The other day while walking down one or our
busy thoroughfares I met a gentleman who
had just got away from a crowd of lawless and
inhuman fellows who had beaten him unmerci
fully. His face was covered with blood and as
he staggered along three of tbe band of brig,
ends followed him and when near me jumped
on to the heJj>lese man and began to beat his
face, until I Interfered and pleaded with them
murderer*, the anarchical revolutionists and the
assassins of rulers. Literature Is being now
circulated throughout the city, cursing the
church and state and slandering the clergy. It
advocates * # a world-wide universal strike, not
to uphold government but to pet all the good
out of the evil, as long as It exists— and it Is the
quietest and quickest plan, and the most eco
nomical of human life that can now be carried
out!"
A few years ago the anarchists organized in
Han Francisco under the direction of Pietro
Gorl. a man who was expelled from Switzer
land for attempting to organize a band of anar
chists. But America, the land of unrestrained
liberty, welcomes him and others of his kind.
Think of such men roing about In this country
dleseminatlns such doctrine that expelled them
from their own country! Gorl succeeded in or
ganizing a society in this city and when he pre
sented the eo^Jety with the banner of anarchy,
a. flae of blood red color, bordered with black,
the adherents went wild with enthusiasm. The
society was called the "Socialistic- Anarchical
Federation of the Italian Workmen of North
America. San Francisco Branch." From these
societies come the bomb-throwers, the Mafia
The anarchist, whatever part he plays In the
scheme of lawlessness, is a traitor to his coun
try and should be dealt with accordingly.
Anarchy neither fears God nor regards man.
Its cry, according to one of its American lead
ers, Herr Most, is: ••Religion, authority and
the etate are all carved out of the same piece
of wood— to the devil with them all." Thai's
where Herr Most and all of his kind would have
gone long ere this. If It -were not for the exist
ence of the very things they condemn.
In his sermon last evening the Rev.
Frank K- Baker, pastor of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church, spoke with
out fear of anarchists and the lawless ele
ment of this city. He charged these
classes of society with being dangerous
to any community, and said they .should
be checked before they could do further
mischief. After reviewing the act of
Czolgosz, the speaker traced the history
of anarchy. He also took occasion to con
demn the beating of non-union men by
the rough element of this city. He said
in part:
ers of the Bed Flag.
Fervor Against the Follow-
Rev. Frank K. Baker Speaks With
ANARCHY NEITHER
FEARS GOD NOR MAN
Let all good people unite in the prayer that
God may give wisdom and skill to the sur
geons, may bless all the means used and in
infinite mercy restore our loved President to
health and usefulness. \
The abnse of public men, the
charge that our rulers are in leagrue
with monopolists to enslave the la
borer; tbe use of pictures and car
toons to ridicule officers of state
and fill the minds of illiterate peo
ple with imaginary evils and dan
grers. These are not only in bad
taste, but they encourage disorder
and Inflame the evil passions of
weak-minded men.
Has not the time come when cluba of an
archists which openly advocate the assassina
tion of rulers should be suppressed and their
leaders incarcerated or banished? No other
human Government has had such' noble men
as rulers as our Presidents have been. We
honor ourselves and our nation as we honor
them. \
In a prelude to his regular sermon Rev.
E. A. Woods, pastor of the First Baptist
Church, delivered an able address last
evening to his congregation on the at
tempted assassination of the President.
In part he said:
The civilized world is appalled" at this crime.
The American people are stunned by the blow.
The indignation is inexpressible. That a man
so true and pure, so kind and generous so wise
and patriotic should be thus shot down seems
incredible. We boast of our freedom, free
speech and a free press, but may it not be that
license is disgu!sed as liberty and lawlessness
as independence?
' . Ridicule Officers of State Have
Evil Effects.
Dr. Woods Holds That Cartoons to
OPPOSED TO ABUSE
OF OUR PUBLIC MEN
JOURNALS, SO CALLED,
SCORED FROM PULPIT
At both morning and evening services
prayers were offered for the recovery of
the President.
The aivful crime that has wound
ed this nation In these sad days is
first and last attributable to the
veriest eodleiss incitements of hu
man weakness and hnman pansion,
stirred r.nd tired in the fanatical
brain of the criminal, who, while
personally responsible and verily
acconntable to this great people
and his God, Is representative of
the senseless, extravagant and Bod
le«» teachings of certain Irrespon-
Mlble journals, of certain little so
cieties and dangerous Individuals
whose first motto Is, "Xo God," and
his logric is therefore, "Xo govern
ment and down with all authority.*'
Any expression in journalism—
¦o-called— that arrays class ngratnst
clous, or man acainst man. or
-widen* tbe assumed breacb between
manual labor and mental labor, is
most dangerous to the interests of
sooicty, for there can be no real
devotion to God that does not recog
nize His common fatherhood, and
therefore the universal brotherhood
of man and the unity of interests
of men. Whenever the band of man
is raised apalnst his fellow man. or
the tong-ne or pen of man is used
to incite liatred or di»«en»ion« of
society, there is a tendency to an
archy and crime.
After showing that anarchy was the di
rect result- of the denial of the existence
of God the reverend gentleman spoke as
follows:
At the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church yesterday morning: Rev. S. D.
Hutsinpiller took for his topic. "The true
g-ospel for the sins and sorrows of this
wour.ded nation to-day."
Yellow Publications Are Dan
g-erous to Society.
Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller Declares the
It is, -therefore, time for action, prompt
action, severe action. If it is wrong to murder,
it is certainly wrong to teach others to murder,
and that is what anarchist literature does.
The shooting of McKinley and the cheering
of the foul deed by Chicago anarchists shows
us a poisonous fang with the boiling malice of
perdition roaring behind it. directed at the very
heart of public and private safety and welfare.
This foul deed that has made the heart of the
nation bleed is but a single drop of that great
ocean of calamity that would sweep forward In
universal destruction, crushing nations and civ
ilization like eggshells, were anarchism let full
upon us.
The rights of personal liberty do not give
me privilege of poisoning my neighbor's well
or directly to poison his body. Neither should
the rights of a free press give privilege to poi
son the public mind and conscience through the
publication of anarchist ideas.
Tbe publication of anarchist pa
pers and literature should be sup
pressed and the publication of such
made a capital crime.
It' is so fiendish-hearted in its nature that
we must deal with it in severest measures. A
law should be passed compelling all anarchists
to leave our country.
Anarchism is an enemy of no
frightful a mien that we cannot
rimh too quickly to plunge the
sword to its heart.
The shooting of President McKinley by Czol
gOEZ is a deed so dastardly, a deed so full of
hell itself, that we cannot find language to con
demn it severely enough.- It gives us another
view of that awful monster, anarchism, which
as a hydra-headed fiend is uncovering Itself
in our land.
Rev. "W. E. Dugan of the Stewart
Memorial United Presbyterian Church
said:
Eev. W. E. Dugan Believes They
Should Be Forced to Leave
the Country.
WANTS LAW AGAINST
ANARCHISTS PASSED
Lawlessness in this community was also
condemned. The inhuman beatings given
men who have the hardihood to take the
places of men who are out on strike were
referred to in many pulpits. One minister
said this was akin to a spirit of anarchy
and should not be tolerated in a\free
country. j -
The pasters also paid their respects to
"yellow journalism." One pastor declared
that the public press had no right to
poison the public mind and conscience
through the publication of anarchistic
ideas. Another pastor said: "Let us fur
ther hope that the pistol shot in Buffalo
sounds the death knell of yellow journal
ism in the United States."
They attacked anarchy with all the fer
vor of indignant citizens. They called
upon their congregations to help wipe out
this terrible enemy to grood government
Many were in favor of expelling- anar
chists from the country.
of the man who shot down the first
citizen of the land. They dwelt on the
fortitude, courage and dignity displayed
by the President when wounded, and la
mented the fact that such a- noble Chris
tian was made to suffer.
IN every church in San Francisco
prayers were offered yesterdaj' to
spare the President to the country
that chose him to govern It. Pas
tors preached eloquent sermons, }n
•which they condemned the action
to spare the man's life. With some curses for
me they unwillingly 6topped beating the man,
but took his new hat with them into the sa
loon, which Teas their rendezvous. When I
boarded the car I saw another man whose shirt
and collar were soaked with his own blood
from wounds and cuts. Not far from this church
a young machinist, the father of a family of
children, while coming home from his toil, was
beaten and had one of his eyes gouged out. and
he is now In a precarious condition.
Continued on Page Four.
Continued on Pure Four.
tack on the President of the re
public In one. Which nil men feel
to l>e n.- natlonnl calamity. But
while we thus feel it, we must re
member our duty as free men. The
President himself elves us the ex
ample. ' Tiie ' dignity lie allowed In
the name lie now ahowH
in suffering. The country in too his
not bear herself with d lgnity.
', The wild appeals going up on all sides for
force and repression are excusable in- a < time
of grief and resentment. It is perhaps to soon,
dear brethern,' to ] appeal ¦ to tne sober . second
thought of the. people.- But It may be well to
say something as a testimony. The nation that
is not founded on righteousness " shall perish.
Have we not of late years put our trust too
much In material prosperity, in money,'' and
what money can buy? We have boasted of our
trade, of our warships, of our armies, of our
prowess by land and sea. Of such things a na
tion is not made. The old virtues of respect for
authority, of honesty, of thrift, of frugality of
justice between man and man. have not these
grown unpopular? A free country cannot rest
on bayonets; it must rest on the consciences of
men.' Unless we have private morality we can
not have public morality. No matter how many*
guards may be about the throne, if the people
are not loyal ¦ for conscience sake, arms shall
not avail.' •. ¦'¦.' , : ;'-•¦:¦ ¦ '
. The remedy against it is not mere. force. A
country, has a right to use repressive measures
to protect itself. . But such measures alone can
not avail. The real remedy is to be found' in
the individual and In the individual conscience
To-day.idear brethern. our duty is not much
speech i but much ; thought . and much prayer
Let us ¦ pray . God S in . the first ', place that • this
atrocity may -not be consummated." but that the
President may be spared to his home and his
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— An indignation
meeting, attended by about 500 Poles, of
which it is estimated there are SO.00O in
New York City, was held to-day at the
Church of St. Stanislaus, and bitter
words of denunciation of Czolgosz and
his crime were uttered, while the expres
sion of sympathy for the President and
those belonging to him was 'warm and
universal.'
Doubt as to the nationality of the
would-be assassin was expressed, and it
was decided to send a delegate to Cleve
land and Toledo at once to look into his
ancestry and to prove to the American
people that he is not a Pole, but a Rus
sian by. descent. That delegate will leave
New York for the West to-morrow.
. PHILADELPHIA." Sept. 8.— Four hun
dred Polish Americans gathered in , St.
Laurentius' Roman Catholic . Church to
day, passed resolutions deploring the
shooting of President McKinley and pro
tested against the statements that the
would-be assassin. was connected with the
Polish people ¦ in .thia country. Among
those present were five Polish priests.
The resolution, after regretting the at
tempted murder, continues as follows:
Resolved, That we. as Roman Catholic Polish
Sympathy Is Expressed for
the ' President.
Indignation Meetings Are Held and
POLES IN THE EAST
DENOUNCE ASSASSIN
The board of the Methodist; Episcopal Church
ami congregation assembled extend to you and
vour devoted wife the deepest sympathy, and
earnestly pray that God in his great mercy
may comfort and sustain you and spare, your
valued and usetul life to the church and na
tion. ' ~
The message -was, signed by all the
members of the official board. The adop
tion of this resolution was followed by
remarks by several of the leading mem
bers of the church, all filled with.sentl
ments of the deepest regret for the Buf
falo tragedy and highest praise for the
President as a man and a member of
their - congregation. "When the meeting*
finally adjourned the members of the con
gregation gathered about the altar, ex
changing condolences and regrets. These
expressions, however, were not entirely
harmonious, for mingled with the general
conversation were, remarks in depreca
tion of Dr. Naylor's reference to the sum
mary punishment of :the President's as
sailant. It was characterized and con
demned ' by v some, as •-¦ open advocacy of
lynch law. On the other hand, there were
many, who took occasion to express to Dr.
Naylor their complete indorsement of .his
Dosition. He did not for a moment aeAm
WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.— "The exigen
cies of life are such that no man living
can 'count upon the continuance of exist
ence for any length of time. 'Among
these exigencies are disease, accident and
the bullet of the assassin, such as we
have heard of in the past forty-eight
hours. That occurrence at Buffalo indi
cates that no man is safe from the shaft
of death. It is very difficult to get away
from it, and while I have ever been loyal
to the law and have ever contended for
its stTict enforcement, I must say that
the affair of last Friday has almost con
verted me into an advocate of lynch law.
Surely there was no occasion, no reason
for tnat dreadful act, and whether the
work of a sane man. or a lunatic, there
can be no justification for it." >
The above extract from the sermon of
Dr H ¦ R Naylor, presiding elder of the
Washington district, was tne only direct
reference made in the regular sermon
preached to-day at the Metropolitan
MetHbdist Episcopal Church, which is the
church President McKinley attends when
in Washington. Of the several prayers
all were supplications for the early res
toration of health to the President, of
tiraise' for his personality and an admoni
tion to Mrs. McKinley to stand firm In
this trying time. When the regular serv
ice had been concluded the congregation,
which was large, transformed itself into
a mass meeting, and upon motion of
Jud"e T H. Anderson of the District
Court by a standing vote directed that the
following expression of the sense of the
congregation be sent to the President:
Church President McKinley
Attends in "Washington.
Sensational Statement Made at the
CLERGYMAN OPENLY
ADVOCATES LYNCHING
The National Association of Chiefs of Police
of the United States and Canada at the last
annual meeting adopted a resolution invitlns
the heads of foreign police departments to par
ticipate in our annual discussions, and the dis
tressing calamity which this country has re
cently experienced through the assault by an
unknown assassin, confirms the belief that the
import of the resolution should be impressed
on foreign officials, with a view of having such
of their number present at our next annual
meeting as may be able to attend; this with
the hope that a closer. relationship may be es
tablished officially and personally, and that
there may be an interchange of opinion as to
the best methods to be pursued to eliminate
from society such organizations and persons as
may be evilly disposed toward institutions of
government and those charged with their con-
Th'is Is a most vital question and if the laws
are inadequate to crush such organizations and
punish such characters there should be recom
mendations from ; a police standpoint which
would forever prevent the like in this country
and aid the authorities abroad. I trust the
members will give thi3 matter close and careful
consideration and offer such suggestions as may
aid in accomplishing the desired end and that
the secretary will be authorized to adopt such
measures as will bring about a thorough un
derstanding with our foreign friends and to se
cure their presence and co-operation. ~
In the meantime there should be active ef
forts made to looking to the eradication of
these evils and information gathered and dis
seminated through the national bureau of
criminal identification with a view of accom
plishing such result.
This proposition will be acted upon by
the directors individually by mail. If the
board of directors vote to adopt their ex
ecutive's views the secretary of the asso
ciation will be authorized to address a
letter to the officials having charge of the
police affairs of the European nations,
requesting their attendance at the con
vention next year, when It is expected
some definite steps will be taken to ef
fectually stamp out or destroy the danger
arising from anarchistic plots. The let
ters to the board of directors were mailed
yesterday, and Major Sylvester expects to
receive replies within the next week.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.— Major Rich
ard Sylvester, as president of the Na
tional Association of the Chiefs of Police
of the United States and Canada, yester
day took a decisive step looking. to the
adoption of a uniform policy throughout
the world in dealing with anarchists by
addressing a letter to the board of di
rectors of the association and requesting
their co-operation in bringing the various
heads of the police departments of the
world together in convention. The com
munication follows: . I -
to Combine Against Mur
derers.
Chiefs in All Great Cities Are Asked
POLICE OFFICIALS
ON ANARCHY'S TRAIL
God grant that the life of Mr. McKinley may
be spared, .and that he may be restored to
health and strength to bring joy and comorrt
to his now afflicted family. I earnestly ask
this congregation to pray fervently to God for
his safe recovery.
Father Ducey of St. . Leo's (Roman
Catholic), in the course of extended re
marks on the tragedy at Buffalo, said:
As you are aware that a great calamity has
befallen the nation during the last few days
in an attempt on the life of its chief executive,
and as it is of vital Importance thai he should
again be able to continue an administration
which has brought so much happiness and pros
perity to this country, your prayers are re
quested for his speedy restoration.
I feel that I am called upon to express some
what of your feelings and your sympathy, and
to lead your prayers for President McKinley,
who is the victim of such a dastardly crime.
Though a stranger to your country. It is easy
for me to do this, since it needs no local knowl
edge of policies but merely the expression of the
universal heart of man. As for the deed itself,
the whole civilized world must pronounce ab
horrence not only of the act but o* the destest
able principles which inspired It. Nowhere out
side of America, moreover, will sorrow be
keener or prayer be more fervent than in Great
Britain.
Preceding the prayer at St. Patrick's
Cathedral, Father Dyer said:
The Rev. Hugh Black, associate pastor
of Free St. George's Church, Edinburgh,
Scotland, was In the pulpit of the Fifth
Avenue Presbyterian Church to-day. As
a prelude to his sermon he said:
Thus he (Gideon) resembles our own great
leaders— Washington, Jefferson, Jackson, Lin
coln. Most conspicuous of all, and last, but
not least. William McKinley. ' the man whose
spirit is now hovering between life and death,
the man whose name will go down to posterity
identified with the movement which has made
our republic into an empire, though still re
taining the form of republican government.
ltish leader, had this to say of Mr. Mc-
Kinley:
The Rev. Howard Agnew Johnson of the
Madison Avenue Presbyterian Church, in
a sermon based on Gideon as an Israel-
The whole nation, aye, the whole world, to
day is watching: at the bedside of a President
whom It has learned to regard as Just and true.
We are under the shadow of a great anxiety,
overwhelmed by a great calamity. It is to
God that the people turn at such a time. In
him lies the power and strength to heal the
sick. May it be his will to restore to us our
President in life and strength.
At Old Trinity Church to-day the Rev.
Alfred L. Griffin, in addition to referring
to Mr. McKinley in the prayer for per
sons under affliction, included the Presi
dent's wife, and this was the case in most
of the churches. The keynote of the ser
mons may be gathered from these words
by Mr. Griffin:
There was no concerted action in this
matter by the churches other than that
called forth by Mayor Van "Wyck's proc
lamation of Saturday calling: on the pas
tors of- churches of all denominations to
direct their services with special reference
to the suffering President. In the Prot
estant Episcopal churches almost 'with
out exception the full text of the litany
was read and the name of President Mc-
Kinley was entered in the general prayer
for the sick. In all the Roman Catholic
churches a special uniform prayer was
offered at every mass.
In a majority of the pulpits those occu
pying them took as their theme the
attack on the life of Mr. McKinley, and
in almost every case some reference was
made to the tragedy, either in the ser
mon itself jut in the prelude. In some
instances demand 'was made for meas
ures of suppression against the anarchis
tic propaganda, which was generally held
responsible for the deed of Czolgosz.
To-morrow (Monday) will witness an
other session of prayer and pleading. In
the afternoon the children of the public
schools of this city and Brooklyn to the
number of hundreds of thousands will
follow the instructions of the president of
the Board of Education, and under the
lead of their teachers will hold a special
session of prayer for President McKin
ley.
NEW YORK. Sept. 8.— Not a church ser
vice was held in New York City or its
environs to-day at which prayers, were
not offered for the recovery ox President
McKinley. And coupled with these sup
plications was a strong: undercurrent of
thanksgiving that the tone of the dis
patches from Buffalo were of an encour
aging character.
Touching Terms of the
Wounded President.
Priests and Ministers Speak in
PRAYERS ARE ASKED
IN MANY CHURCHES
The sermon at the First
Presbyterian Church, where Vice Presi
dent Roosevelt was in attendance, made
frequent reference to the calamityX which
had fallen upon the "nation. At its close
the pastor, Dr.- S. S. Mitchell, delivered
a fervent prayer. After a hymn the en
tire congregation united in singing the
national anthem.
UFFALO, Sept. 8.— The services
• 1 in. the churches of this city
¦¦¦^^L to-day were extremely impres-
I slve. 5 In all pulpits reference
1 » -^ was made to the nation's ca
lamity.
disposed to change his attitude. He said
to these with whom he spoke:
"If I had been there I would have blown
the scoundrel to atoms if I had had a
pistol."
solutely from the pitfalls of this world. But
after the people commenced to read the Bible
they found that .this" kind of life was unscrlp
tural and infamous. Jesua Christ did not keep
himself aoart from men. ' We owe a duty every
day of ourllves to the world. .
If the Intelligent citizen does not exercise the
right of balloting the time will '-come when the
right will be wrested from him by the 'worthless
element of society. -What is the hope of this
country? Can any one Imagine a. country more
pathetically . dependent upon 'the ¦ ballot of the
independent citizen? .' . . ..-¦•; -'"
. We who are Christian men must not forget
that to a great extent the commercial life. of.
the world rests In our hands. "Whatever mis
takes have been made by capital or by labor
3Continued Prom Page Three. >
CONGREGATIONS IN THE EAST
- PRAY FOR McKINLEY'SRECOVERY
Delivers a Fervent Appeal at ths
'. Howard-Street Methodist Epis
copal. Church.
Chaplain Mclntyre, formerly of the bat
tleship Oregon, delivered . the following
Johannes von Miquel.
FRAMCFORT-ON-THE-MAIN, Sept
8.— Dr. Johannes von Miquel. former Pru*T
sian Minister of Finance, was found dead
in bed this morning. Apoplexy is believed
to have been the cause of death. Ha wa_*
born in February, 1S29. ««*»*»
CHAPLAIN MclNTYRE
OFFERS UP PRAYERS
At the close of the. reeular Sunday
morning service at ' the Greek-Russian
Church yesterday the Very Rev. Sebastian
Dabovlch offered special prayers for the
recovery of President McKinley.
The prayers were followed with devotion
by the entire congregation. Father Se
bastian prayed that the chief .executive
of -the nation would soon be restored = to
perfect health, that the country would
always remain In a tranauil state and
that God would look down and bless the
nation in Its time of sorrow.
Bishop McCabe expresses Hope Thar
Nation's Chief Executive Be
Spared to His; Country.
A special prayer was offered in How
ard-Street Methodist Episcopal Church
last night for the recovery of President
McKinley. The service was led by Bishop
McCabe. who was in the pulpit of that
church thirty years ago. After the open
ing service by Rev. Mr. -Wilson, Bishop
McCabe was introduced. He said:
1 Never have we seen eo sorrowful a day- hi
our country. Millions of people are gathered
together with a. single thought. Our Presi-
• SARATOGA, N. Y., Sept. 8.-Herman O.
Armour of Kansas City died suddenly of
apoplexy to-day at his summer cottage
here.
Armour, who has been In comparatively
frail health for some time, was able to
ride out once or twice a day and appeared
to be paining strength. This forenoon,
accompanied by a coachman,- he took bis
regular drive and- on his return stated
that he felt much refreshed. Shortly aft
erward, while seated on the porch of his
cottage with friends, he suddenly ceased
talking and immediately expired.
DIES SUDDENLY FROM
ATTACK OF APOPLEXY
SPECIAL PRAYERS
IN GREEK CHURCH
VISALIA, Sept. 8.— The Native Sons and
Native Daughters of Vlsalia -will celebrate
Admission day by entertaining all the
Natives of Kings. Fresno. Kern and Tu
lare counties. The festivities begin in tha
morning and will continue all day H T
Booley of Hollister -will be the orator of •
the day. There will be a grand ball at •
night. The following committee is in •
charge of affairs: Susman Mitchell, Nate-'
uTl: PeSt S * A - a . Mu W and '
Visalia Native Sons Will Entertain."
SALINAS. Sept. 8.— General James B.
Steedman Post No. 56, Grand Army of the
Republic, at the regular meeting held last
evening passed resolutions of sympathy
and condolence with Comrade President
PACIFIC GROVE, ; Sept. 8.— Special
prayers for the President's recovery were
offered in all . the churches here and in
Monterey to-day. .The latest bulletins of
his condition were read to the congrega
tions. The deepest feeling was manifested
everywhere, and in the Methodist Church,
where the Itinerants' Club is holding its
session at present; the congregation broke
Into * a fervent singing of "Praise God
From Whom "All Blessings - Flow" when
encouraging news from Buffalo was , an
nounced. .. : : y " . -
dist Churches at Pacific
'"Grove and Monterey. '
Special "Services Held in the' Metho-
PRAYERS TO GOD TO
SPARE THE PRESIDENT
PRAY FOR RECOVERY
OF THE PRESIDENT
COLON, Sept. 8.— The United States
battleship Iowa arrived at Panama to
day.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. 8.— Tha
Royal mail steamer Para, from Colon, re
ports rebel activity in the neighborhood
of Panama and Colon. She also reports
that fighting has taken place at Bocas
del Toro. The Government of. the latter
place, falling to repulse the Liberals, tha
rebels have given notice of their Intention
to attack Colon within a fortnight. Tha
Government la continually moving troops
to meet the rebel advances. Trade con
tinues almost paralyzed.
REBELS GIVE NOTICE
OF ATTACK OIT COLON"
Dr. Stephens Wants' Them Beleg-ated
to the Wild and Desert
Places of the Earth. £
The Rev. John Stephens, pastor of
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, last night prefaced his sermon
with a tribute to William McKinley, "the
plain, manly American Christian," and a
vigorous denunciation of Czolgosz and all
his pestilential tribe. lie said in part:
An anarchist Is an enemy of the law. I^et
the man who does not believe in law. perish
without it. The Goldman*, the Herr Mosts and
the Isaacs have had their liberty too long.I^et
the etate then say to the professed anarchist,
without waiting for him to commit his murder:
"You have abandoned the right to stay among
us. <3o olse\yhere and use whatever chance you
may have. You prove yourwlf not fit for hu
man society and we shall, as a matter of.de
cency, notify all organized societies of that
fact. If you come back here we. Nhall
kill yon. If you go there they. If they
are wise, will do th6 same. Your only possible
home is your only fit home— the wild and desert
places of the earth with the other beasts of
l>rey that man has not yet exterminated."
CHICAGO. Sept. 8.— Two thousand
members of the socialists voted down a
resolution of regret at the attempted as
sassination of the President, at a meet
ing in Bergman's Grove, Riverside, to
day. The argument of those opposed to
the resolution was that ilcKinley was the
representative of the capitalist class, and
that his safety or danger was a matter
of no concern to socialists.
Socialists Do Not Regret Tragedy.
SAYS ANARCHISTS
ARE ENEMIES OF LAW
"In my judgment," said Mr. Miller, "the
attempted assassination of the President
again suggests that in.: forming our crim
inal laws we have paid too little attention
to the protection of the Government. As
a general rule the law takes no more ac
count of an assault upon the- President
than upon a private citizen. If, as all
good people hope, the President shall sur
vive this attack, the offense, if the laws
of New York are as I suppose they are,
is simply an assault with intent to com
mit murder. It seems to be that they
should be so framed as to take Into ac
count the President's public character;
in short, that r.n attempt to take the life
of the President should be deemed treason
and be punished accordingly.
INDIANAPOLIS,. Sept.' 8.— An attempt
upon the President's life should be, treated
as treason, says W. H. H. Miller, Attor
ney. Generalunder, President Harrison. '. '
Former Attorney General SaiysaSeri*
ous Defect Exists in the Crim
inal Laws.
ATTACK SHOULD BE
CONSIDERED TREASON
After eight policemen were • treacherously
murdered by the anarchists in Chicago in 1886
a bill was drafted and presented to both houses
of representatives favoring' the rigid exclusion
and deportation of all alien anarchists. I be
lieve that bill failed to pass, but surely with
this latest crime before us we shall not cease
to urge and pray for the passage of some law
by which every known anarchist may be ban
ished or imprisoned with hard laBbr. .. and the
monster Czolgosz be sentenced to -solitary con
finement for life.
In the brutal attack on President McKinley
there can be but one universal verdict that it
was a most treacherous and .¦ diabolical act
against one who is the peer if not the superior
of any living ruler on earth. No incentive was
there to the atrocious deed other than the de
pravity of the anarchists, whose creed is no
tiod, no government, no work, no home, no
marriage, and whose banner Is the red flag of
riot and murder. * ¦ "
Three times in less. than fifty years has the
assassin's hand been raised against the highest
officer in the United States Government, and
every time against a man who honored the po
sition to which he had been elected. Four
times in a little over seven years has the hand
of the anarchist been dipped In the blood of as
many rulers and in every instance they who
'were selected as victims were among the great
est in their positions.
Rev. Philip Coombe, pastor of the Rich
mond Congregational Church, delivered a
stirring sermon against anarchy last
evening. In the course of his remarks he
said:
Be Passed to Banish. Anarchists
From This Country. . .
Rev. Philip Coombe Hopes Laws Will
v We liave tolerated tlie IicIIInIi
brute* too long: anil tlie time baa
come for the nation to cease,. Its tol
eration. : . Let the dens of these
»nnke« In Patemon and. Chicago lie
cleaned out. Exile tl«t- leaden and
pat the Individuals under strict sur
veillance. /The anarchist is an
enemy of labor and harm will come
from association -vrlth him. I^et the
attempted nsnunHlnntion of n good.
and noble man bear fruit In the
Mtainplnsr oat for all time the
hydra-headed movement of anarch
ism.
7 Czolgosz took these anarchists seriously and
Bought to carry out their theories in practice.
He was the tool of shrewder persons, who
directed him In the consummation of his awful
act. The time has come for the nation to male a
new laws restricting immigration and prohib
iting the landing on our shores of any persons
whose names have been sent ¦ by the foreign
police agents as belonging to a movement which
has for Its motto the overthrow ! of all good
the refuge of this abominable class whose mem
bers are the allies of all evil and the enemies
of good. ... .
The fearful responsibility for the dastardly
attack on President McKinley lies afthe door
of anarchy. ! This diabolical movement, which
has been permitted to gain strength In Pater
son, N. J., and Chicago, is directly answerable
for the crime. The man who struck our be
loved executive In the prime of his career Is an
avowed anarchist and claims to have been in
cited to commit the heinous deed by the in
flammatory speeches of Emma Goldman and
others of her ilk.^ ' : L .
The Rev. F. B. Cherington, D. D., pas
tor of Plymouth Congregational Church,
in his sermon last evening said:
tack on President McKinley.
Responsibility for Dastardly At-
Rev.. Dr. Cherington Places Awful
PASTOR BELIEVES IN
STRENUOUS MEASURES
In this connection. It Is of Interest that some
experienced surgeons do not mind the tempera
ture at all In noting the bulletins of the Presi
dent's condition, but say that so long as the
pulse Is in the proper relation to the tempera
ture In a big operation like this it is very com
mon, for the temperature to remain around 102
or even 103. But if the temperature had
dropped and the pulse had accelerated It would
have been a danger signal of peritonitis-setting
In. It Is of interest also to know that after an
operation of this kind the peristaltic or com
pressive action In the abdominal cavity ceases
or becomes retrograde.
In turning .-up the stomach, an act that was
absolutely necessary, and was performed by
Dr. Mann with rare skill, the danger Was that
some of the contents of tha stomach might get
into the abdominal cavity and as a result cause
peritonitis. It so happened that there was very
little in the President's stomach at the time of
the operation. Moreover, subsequent devolop
ments tend to show that this feature of the
operation was grandly successful and that none
of the contents of the stomach entered the ab
dominal cavity. If any of the contents had en
tered the cavity the probability is that by now
peritonitis would have set In.
The operation lasted almost an hour. A cut
about five Inches long was made. It was found
necessary to turn up the stomach of the Presi
dent in order to traee the course of the bullet.
The bullet's opening in the front wall of the
stomach was small and it was carefully closed
with sutures, after which a search was made
for the hole In the back wall, of the stomach.
This hole, where the bullet 'went out of the
stomach, was larger than the hole of the front
wall of the stomach, in fact it was a wound of
an inch in diameter, jagged and ragged. It
was sewed up In three layers. This wound was
larger than the wound where the bullet entered
the stomach, because the bullet In Its course
forced tissues ahead of it.
The operation performed at the Emergency
Hospital left no need. for a second operation to
follow It almost immediately. The full details
of the operation therefore , have not been
known. It was performed by Dr. Matthew D.
Mann. Ilia first assistant was Dr. Herman
Mlnter. His second assistant was Dr. John
Parmenter. His third assistant was Dr. Lee
of St. Louis, who happened to be on the ex
position grounds at the time of the tragedy
and placed his services at the disposal of the
President. Dr. Nelson "W. Wilson noted the
time of the operation and took the notes. Dr.
Eugene "W'asdin of the Marine Hospital gave
the anaesthetic. Dr. Rixey arrived at the lat
ter part of the operation, and held the light.
Dr. Parke arrived at the close of the opera
tion. Dr. Mann wielded the knife.
BUFFALO, Sept. 8.— The Express to
morrow will say regarding the first op
eration performed on the President:
the Presence of Medi
' cal Men.
relicate Work Done by Dr. Mann in
"LONDON, Sept. 9.— The attack upon
President McKinley completely monopo
lized the attention of the London news
papers this morning. Page after page Is
devoted to long descriptive telegrams from
Buffalo and New York and dispatches
from the Continent describing the effect
of the news there and the opinions of the
press. Every scrap of information In any
way bearing upon the subject finds a.
prominent place, while every American
of prominence, the delegates to the vari
ous congresses now In session and diplo
mats are sought out with a view of ob
taining their opinion. Nothing could have
better displayed the enormously growing:
interest that everything American has for
Europe.
Eager for News Prom Buffalo.
ANARCHY SHOULD BE
SUPPRESSED AT ONCE
citizens of the United States, protest most en
ergetically against the Insinuations of the Eng
lish newspapers, as If the anarchist who raised
his sacrilegious hand against the authority of
the. great republic has any connection with tha
Polish people residing within the States. The
would-be assassin is a Hebrew by birth, but
professes to be an agnostic or an atheist. The
Polish nation can boast of never having pro
duced a man who would stain its reputation by
attacking a lawful authority, because Imbued
by Christian principles. It is well aware that
all lawful authority comes from God and that
it must be respected. ¦
Separate telegrams of sympathy were
sent to the President and Mrs. McKinley.
Seventeen Polish-American societies," it is
claimed .were represented at the meeting.
people. ' I>et u» pray In the second place that
this crime be not a sign that our pride and
irrellgion are bringing on us the curse of those
who try to do without God. And now that we
are recalled to ourselves by this calamity, let
us ask ourselves Individually if we have done
right by our country. Only when we do our
duty to God, only when we measure' out exact
Justice to our fellow men, can we be good citi
zens. A free country can exist only by Justice.
Justice to the God who governs it and Justice
to our brethern who comprise it; ¦
"It is to the honor of European jour
nals," eays the Matin, "that on such oc
casions their comments resemble each
other closely. The language or cue Is the
language of all.'*
The. Temps to-night, however,- in an In
teresting article referring to President
McKinley and Vice President Roosevelt,
eays:
"MoKlnley Is not a JAncoln. and It can
conlidently be said that Roosevelt under
no circumstances would be a Johnson,
whose Presidency became a governmental
civil war after the military Civil War had
come to an end."
Moving Against Anarchists.
To-day's confirmation of the Buffalo
outrage has stirred the police here Into
action, particularly In relation to the
Czar* 3 visit. The Ministry of the Interior
has telegraphed severe instructions to the
special commissaries in the provinces to
exercise the closest vigilance upon an
archists. Special detectives also have
been dispatched to the Industrial centers
to aid the police in watching anarchists
«nd other agitators. Any anarchist who
is considered dangerous or whose move
ments are suspicious will be taken into i
custody. - All the commissaries possess !
portraits and descriptions of the anar
chists known to the international police.
Several Italian anarchists who have been
or peclally shadowed left Paris recently,
but all but two of them have now been
The Parisian newspapers continue their
sympathetic articles, and, as the Matin
remarks, they are unanimous in denounc
ing the outrage and commiserating the
American nation.
A number of distinguished Frenchmen
and foreign residents of Paris called at
the American Embassy to-day and signed
the register.
United States Senator Lodge, whose In
timate friendship with President McKin
ley made him most anxious for news,
remained at his hotel practically all day
awaiting responses to inquiries, and he
" was much relieved upon receiving a cable
gram from a high official now in Buffalo,
who is -In constant touch with the doc
tors, eaying he was convinced that the
President would recover.
PARIS. Sept. 8.— A great feeling of re
lief Is manifest among the Americans in
Paris In consequence of the reassuring
cablegrams from Buffalo regarding Presi
dent McKinley's condition.
natives of Xiles, Ohio. As boy, soldier,
lawyer and statesman the President has
been generous, loyal and manly, and In
capable of a mean, cruel or dishonest
thought or act."
MELBOURNE, Sept. 8.— The Federal
Cabinet has requested the Governor Gen
eral of Australia, the Earl of Hopetoun,
to cable to the Secretary of State for the
Colonies, Mr. Chamberlain,"expresslng the
sympathy of the Australian people with
the Americans and earnestly hoping that
the President's wounds are not mortal
and that he will be spared to continue his
wise guidance of the destinies of his great
people.
VIENNA, Sept. 8.— The Neue Wiener
Journal says: "President McKinley has
probably fallen a victim to the gigantic
trusts which have developed so rapidly
under his aegis, for these trusts have de
prived a number of workmen of their
means of subsistence."
Cheering' News for Americans.
DETAILS ARE GIVEN
OF THE OPERATION
Continued From Page Two.
"William McKinley in the great calamity
which has overtaken him, and prayed
that the Almighty will spare him to his
family and the nation, which he has made
respected, united and honored. A tele
gram* to the above ' effect was forwarded
to Buffalo to-day.
The Welner Tageblatt Bays that Presi
dent McKinley is the first statesman. of
America and perhaps the greatest and
most Influential In the world since Bis
marck.
"The country In Its bitterness will prob
ably take energetic measures to destroy
the nursery of anarchism in the United
States."
VIENNA, Sept. 8.— The Vienna news
papers express themselves strongly in de
nunciation of anarchism. The Neues
Wiener Tageblatt says:
LONDON, Sept. 9.— The Associated
Press learns from Copenhagen to-night
that no change is • contemplated In the
Czar's plans and that Emperor Nicholas
will surely go to France and it may be
to Paris also, but this is not yet settled.
The chiefs of the Russian secret police in
Paris and London and a staff of Russian
detectives will attend him everywhere.
He will start for Dantzic at noon Tues
day.
BERLIN, Sept. 8.— Emperor William has
ordered that reports of President McKin
ley's condition be wired hourly.
Czar "Will Visit France.
located and the police expect to unearth
them very quickly.
An Indication of the effect which the
outrage upon President McKinley has
upon the minds of the ministry is shown
by the fact that an Italian named Romani,
who was arrested last week at a suburb
of Paris on' suspicion of being an an
archist, but whose honorable character
was attested by a number of inhabitants
.who petitioned for his release, Is still held
in prison.
Continued From Page Three.
PRAYERS OFFERED IN CHURCHES
FOR THE STRICKEN PRESIDENT
The contract for the conduct of this im
mense barbacue was let to a local firm.
The firm, however, got into some difficulty
with one of the unions and was unable
to handle the affair as It desired. In or
der that everything might go through
properly and the .visitors not be disap
pointed the San Jose Butchers' Union
took the matter up and the result was a
service that was perfect In every detail.
Twenty-five special, waiters, assisted by
fifty volunteers from the ranks of the
Native Sons, looked after the wants of the
more than three thousand guests. Ben
Ortega acted as head chef and was as
sisted by Gus Noeentella. Under their di
rection twenty-five whole beeves and fif
teen bullsheads were cooked to a nicety
and daintily served to the strangers with
in the rates.
"We thank thee, heavenly Father, that thou
hast through the birth of thy Son given us th»
privilege and opportunity to call upon thee as
our Father. And now. as we In profound hu
mility come before thee, we beseech the« t*
spare the life of our President, who has been
stricken, the victim, of brutal sin. "We lmploro
thee to so direct the forces which are brought
to . bear upon the circumstances of that sick
chamber and the chamber of his beloved and
suffering wife that it be thy will that life win
be spared. We furthermore pray thee from the
Inmost of our hearts that thou will so direct th«
agencies which are employed during this critical
period that the final results and fruits of their
labor may prove to be for the glory and tha
benefit of the nation.
prayer at the Howard-street M. E.
Church yesterday morning:
At the Alum Rock Park, on the return
trip, there was an incident which caused
some excitement and a few bruises. An
immense crowd was waiting to board tha
incoming train and commenced to do so
before it was brought to an entire stand
still. The result was that as the engi
neer unhooked the engine to turn it
around the cars were put in motion on
the down grade, which fortunately was
not a steep one. However, before the en
gine could overtake the moving train and
recouple it momentum enough was ac
quired to throw some of the ladles into a
panic. One or two fainted and several
jumped from the cars and fell, receiving
more or less bruises.
After the election of officers and tha
Initiation of the new members all hands
sat down to a Belgian hare banquet,
which lasted far Into the early -hours of
the morning.
Olympus 1S9, and James R. Sex, San Josa
22.
RUSSIA GIVES EXPRESSION
TO HER SINCERE SYMPATHY
The regular programme of the day
opened with a bullshead breakfast at
Agricultural Park. It was a strictly stag
affair, but one of mammoth proportions.
Three tables capable of seating 1200 each
were laid and when all the guests arrived
there were few vacant places to be found.
those who thronged the same
thoroughfares last evening:. The visitors
scattered here and there through the
country from Alum Rork to Santa Clara
and any number of small private picnics
were made up and the members thereof
were at different points along, the line
having a quiet Sunday outing.
SAN JOSE, Sept- 3.— The city pre
sented a rather deserted appear
ance to-day when the numbers on
the streets were contrasted with
dent,- stricken down by the hand of an assas
sin, lies at death's door. The pall pt death
hang? over our beloved President. Let us pray
that he may recover from his grievous wound.
It has been said in the press that I was chap
lain of President McKinley's regiment. <Let
me correct this error. The President was in
the army of the "West. I in the army of the.
Potomac. Though widely separated we both
fought for the same flag and for the same end
—the preservation of the Union. Let us hope
our prayers for the recovery of the nation's
executive will be heard on high. ¦ Let us hope
that to-morrow's intelligence will be that he
will be spared to his country. I want him
to live— we all want him to live. It is th'e
prayer of every patriotic man and woman, of
the nation.
Owing to the precarious condition of
President McKinley much of the jollity
which would otherwise have signalized
this celebration is missing. Numbers who
had counted on coming here have re
mained at home. Those who are here
seem to be too much worried over the
probable result of the anarchist's crime
to abandon themselves to the pursuit of
a royal good time with that zest that"
would otherwise be theirs. The one word
in every one's mouth is the "President,"
and the one topic discussed is his condi-
seem to move in parallel .lines. They head
the processions, follow the bands, attend
all the entertainments and congregate at
street corners, where they while away
the time by exchanging confidences and
fighting. However, their presence is wel
come, because without the small boy and
the "yaller" dog an American celebration
would lose its distinguishing characteris
tics.
The following fifteen new members were
also initiated: G. B. Cpttle. San Jose 22;
T. C. Hogan, San Josa 22; S. L.. Worden,
San Jose 22; W. H. Carmichael, Palo Alto
82; Alf S. Williams, Observatory 177; Mar
tin Murphy, Observatory- 177; F. Schu
macher, Observatory 177; George M. Kel
ley, Observatory 177; Oscar D. Stern.
Humboldt 14; J. E. Hancock, Observatory
177; ,W. J. Boschken, Observatory 177:
Charles T. Richmond, Observatory 177: Ed
Younger, San Jose 22; Julius Epstein,
place during, a celebration, . the following
officers. were elected to. serve for the en
suing year: Chaplain.SJohn A. Stelnbach;
governor, • Frank Murasky; lieutenant
governor, ; S. A. D. Jones; senior deputy
govemor,- "William Johnson; junior deputy
governor, C. T. Rose; comptroller, H. E.
Faure; treasurer. Joseph B; Kenan; sec
retary of state, William A. King; direct
ors—T. C. Conmy, p. G. Du Py, H. D.
I>ansing, John Keating, T. C. Monahan,
P. A. Foster and Henry Stern.
Native Daughters Spend
a Pleasant Day Among
Friends at Alum Rock
The baseball game- played at Cyclers'
Park between Marshall and San Jose par
lors resulted in a victory for the San Jose
Parlor nine. The score was 8 to 3.
At the meeting of the Past Presidents'
Association, which, by the bye, Is the
first grand meeting that has ever taken
Notwithstanding' the numbers who had
expected to come, but who at the last mo
ment decided to remain at home, there
are enough strangers In town to more
than fill, every hotel and boarding house.
tlon and chances for recovery. • • • <
Next to a feeling of sorrow for the dis
tinguished sufferer and his sorrowing
wife is one of extreme anger at the
dastard whose cowardly act has plunged
the nation into universal mourning.
Threats against not only the man himself
but against the whole brood of moral and
political degenerates whence he springs
are heard at every step, mingled with ex
pressions of bitter shame that one claim
ing to be an American citizen could. have,
been guilty of such a deed. To-morrow
(Monday) was to be the s^ar. day 'here, as,
all that has so far occurred was intended
merely as a prelude to the grand potlash
that was to take place on the 9th. The
programme that has been arranged will
be Immediately abandoned if President
McKinley's illness should have a fatal
termination, and even as it 1 is the parade
and other features of the day will be put
through In only a half-hearted manner.
A feature of this particular celebration
is the number of small boys, that have
congregated to lend their efforts to the
furtherance of the general festivity. No
special trains have been run for their ac
commodation, but they seem to have got
here just the same and they are more
than a little bit in evidence. Their tastes
While the Sons were engaged in feast
ing at Agricultural Park the Daughters
were enjoying themselves at Alum Rock.
Nearly fifteen hundred Daughters and in
vited guests congregated there and a
pleasant afternoon was spent in listening
to music and discussing a light but daint
ily served luncheon.
The balance of the day was taken up
with a baseball game at Cyclers' Park, a
sacred concert by the Fifth Regiment
Band at St. James Park, a concert and
dancing at Schuetzen Park, a sacred con
cert in the evening at the Hotel Vendome
and a past presidents meeting at the
Native Sons' Hall.
The whole entertainment was In charge
of a committee composed of J. S. Wil
liams. Charles Navlet and I. L». Koppell,
and these gentlemen succeeded In making
the affair a complete and palatable suc
cess. "While the banquet was in progress
the Fifth Regiment Band furnished a
number of patriotic airs that greatly
added to the enthusiasm. The guests
charged the entrenched tables with a
vigor that led to their speedy decimation.
Grand Street Parade Arranged for To-Day Wili Take
Place, but It Is Not Expected to Be Large as
Many Members of the Order Remained at Home
Visitors Enjoy a Nicely Cooked and Well Served
Bullshead Breakfast at Agricultural Park and
Assist to Dispose of Twenty-Five Whole Beeves
OFFICERS WHO WILL DIRECT THE PARADE OF NATIVE SONS AND VISITORS ENJOYING THEflSELVES AT THE BIG BREAKFAST.
NATIVE SONS CELEBRATION AT THE GARDEN CITY LACKS THE USUAL ENTHUSIASM
OWING TO THE PRECARIOUS CONDITION OF THE NATION'S CHIEF MAGISTRATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1901.
4The discovery was brought about by
the murder of a servant a few days ago
by Rafael . Pozando, the owner of the
ranch. The body of this servant was
found in the., well alone with the other
murdered men. All of tha victims were
employes of the ranch at the time of their
mysterious disappearance.
AUSTIN, Tex.,. Sept. 8.— Information
reached here to-day of the discovery on
a ranch near Monclove, Mexico, a short
distance south of the Rio Grande border,
of the dead bodies of fourteen Mexicans
in an abandoned well. The bodies all bore
marks of violence and several arrests will
probably occur, as the authorities are
making an investigation.
Killing of More lhan a
Dozen ULen.
Evidence Discovered in Mexico of the
FOURTEEN BODIES
FOUND IN A WELL
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 8.— A hun
dred people met their death, and many
more were maimed and narrowly escaped
death' in the awful scenes which followed
the burning of a large part of the big
Chinese city of Foo Chow, on August 20.
The fire, started In a Chinese, undertak
er's establishment over a shoemaker's
shop, from the bursting of a lamp and
a" high wind swept the flames over the
whole business portion. of the city. Hun
dreds of acres of business houses were
carried away and many people perished
in the fire. .¦; ¦ '. "..;;
The fire started . early in the morning
and lasted the better part of two days.
European proprietors of business houses
and larger Chinese merchants were the
heaviest sufferers. .During the progress
of the fire and immediately after it, the
coolie native population commenced. loot-
Ing the half-burned buildings and stole
everything that they could lay hands on.
The Chinese police, under their European
officers, were unable to prevent the loot
ing except in a small degree, and before
the second evening had passed a large
number of regular soldiers were * called*
out. At. that time many people had been
killed in fights, and there were dead bod
ies in every street. Five men were killed
by the falling of a three-story building.
¦ The carnage on the streets was awful.
The soldiers, mounted, dashed up the
main thoroughfares stabbing to death or
trampling under , horses,' feet the robbers
who ' were carrying away goods in every
direction. ¦ Even though knocked down,
the natives who were running away with
stolen goods held on to their bundles. The
horsemen thrust them through the legs
or arms with swords to make them drop
these, and even then some of the coolies
clung with such desperation that they
were put to death where they had .be.en
knocked over. Many of the injured were
taken away in ambulances and were be
ing .treated in the hospitals when the
steamer Tartar, which arrived here this
evening, sailed from China.
The total loss by the lire is placed at a
million and a quarter dollars.
Mounted Soldiers Are Finally Called
r . Out and They Put Many of
the Robbers to
' Death.
Chinese : Thieves Loot Burn
ing Buildings and Defy
the Local Police. ;
Hundreds /of Lives Lost
and Valuable Prop
erty Destroyed.
FIRE SWEEPS
OVER BIG CITY
OF FOO CHOW
LEADING FIGURES IN A YOLO COUNTY SENSATION THAT CAUSES
RESIDENTS IN LISBON DISTRICT TO FEAR THE PRESENCE OF AN
INNOCENT AND PRETTY GIRL.
5
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1901;
No inducement would lead any of the
Portuguese residents of ~the Lisbon dla
trict to pass the home of the Corrie fam
ily before sunrise or after sunset. Tha
unfortunate Marie wonders " in her mind
why those who so. kindly greeted her
when she. arrived- in Yolo County now
shun her and pass i hurriedly away, with
a prayer on their lips and their hands
grasping their rosaries. .
"In the space of an hour yesterday the
girl was attacked three times, the spells
lasting ten to fifteen minutes. The girl's
body swelled from the abdomen up to the
throat and it is this peculiar swelling that
makes her relatives and friends think that
an evil spirit is within her. • :
The condition of the girl lasted for
twenty minutes and then it passed away
as quickly as it began. She sat upright
on her brother's knee and smiled upon
him. Her pulse was again normal and,
in reply to questions from her brothers,
stated that she had been sitting in the
same position all the time. Manuel and
Juan Corrie fear to tell their sister that
they believe an evil spirit inhabits her
body and guarded questions as to wheth
er she knows of anything strange hap
pening elicited a negative response. When
asked if she felt any pain she complained
of a peculiar sensation ; in her chest.
Hesitate to Tell Fears to Sister.
Suddenly the girl's body commenced
to quiver and, with a scream, she struck
at her brother's face. Juan Corrie, Mrs.
Corrie and Manuel Corrie had difficult
work to restrain the girl. She struggled
violently and almost succeeded In break
ing from the grasp of her powerful broth
ers. Her pulse rapidly increased and her
eyes assumed a dull glaze. No word pass
ed her lips, but a peculiar sound seemed
to come from her throat. To some <fues
tions nut to • her by her brothers, who
claimed they were speaking to the spirit
within her body, she shook or nodded her
head. Her limbs became perfectly rigid
and her hands were clenched fast. Per
spiration rolled from the brows of the
Corrie brothers, as the powerfully built
men struggled to hold their little sister
in their iron grasp.
W hen The Call correspondent reached
the home of Manuel Corrie yesterday the
entire family was about to -partake of din
ner. Marie Corrie sat on the knee of her
brother Manuel while he talked to his in
terviewer. ¦
Mrs. J. Sarameno and Miss Fernandez
declare that the spirit spoke to them in
two languages and shouted loudly in reply
to their questions.
uncle of Marie Corrie, who is one of the
wealthy ranchers of Yolo County; Marie
Fernandez and Manuel Fernandez cou
sins of Marie Corrie, American born and
educated in the public schools, all told
stories yesterday of how they had con
versed with the evil spirit in the body of
Marie Corrie.
, Manuel Caldera, a young rancher, born
In this State; Antoine Dutra, another
American-born citizen; Enis Rosa, one of
the prominent residents in Lisbon dis
trict; Mrs. Antoine Varenz, wife of a
well-to-do rancher; Manuel Fernandez,
Says She Sapfce to the Spirit.
"I spoke to the^vil spirit in Marie Cor
rie," said Mrs. Gouvenor, "not once, but
many times. I spoke to it, one evening
for more than! an hour. It, told me of
three murders It had committed, of many
robberies and of ruin brought to young
girls. It said it could speak in many lan
guages, and when I spoke to it in English
it answered me in Portuguese. It shouted
at times, but Marie's lips never moved.
It was awful to see how her body swelled
up when the evil spirit was there."
On the Yolo side of the ferry the coun
ty road runs up and down the river. A
short distance from the ferry is the Por
tuguese church and the house of the
young priest. Father Soares. He talks
English but little, and was not Inclined
to discuss the case of Marie Corrie. His
manner showed plainly that he realizes
he cannot quell the fears of his flock or
override their beliefs that Marie Corrie
is possessed of an evil spirit.
"It is superstition," eald Father Soares.
"The girl is sick, but because she has
spoken the names of a few American cit
ies, the people think that it is a spirit
within her. It is nothing, I assure you."
There was a sad look on the face of
Father Soares as he ushered his visitor
from his humble home. It was that of
a man who felt the magnitude of a diffi
cult task and problem. Father Soares'
task is to eradicate the fears that possess
the men and women who look to him for
spiritual guidance. ¦
Mrs. Frank Gouvenor, the middle-aged
wife of Jose Gouvenor, resides a few
yards from the home of Father Soares.
Both wife and husband have lived in the
Lisbon district for many years and are
highly respected by all who know them.
Joe Praie, who ferries travelers and
wagrons across the Sacramento River at
Freeport, said:
"Ah. the poor little Marie Corrie is af
flicted by God. It was a month ago that
the evil spirit went into the girl's body.
He was a bad spirit, for he says he has
Killed three men, stolen lots of money
and ruined girls. Sometimes he leaves
her body for a few days and then he
comes back. Last night he was there
and he carried on in a wicked manner.
We pray to the good Madonna to help
poor Marie Corrie. She is such a child,
so gentle, so kind. She has made us all
love her. but we can only help her with
our prayers. Doctors can do no good,
help must come from God and the good
priests."
Tells of the Girl's Affliction.
fears of the Portuguese that make them
say what they do."
It was mainly due to the success in life
of their uncle, Manuel Fernandez, that the
Corrie brothers located in Yolo County.
Fernandez has lived in the district for
many years and is one of the wealthy
His fellow countrymen grave him a help
ing hand, and he toiled early and late in
the fields. It was not long ere Manuel
Corrie sent to Portugal for his younger
brother, Juan, and the two brothers, by
hard work, soon acquired possession of a
number of acres.
His friends had written to him that Cal
ifornia was a fair land and that under
the laws every man was free to pursue
his calling in life. Thus it was that Man
uel Corrie, full of ambition, located in the
Lisbon district of Yolo County.
Manuel Corrie is a stalwart rancher,
who left his country home in the village
of Pique, Portugal, eleven years ago to
seek his fortunes in the New World.
"Wearied of the toil that barely gave to
him and his a sordid existence, he set
bravely forth to the Pacific slopes of the
great American republic.
One month apo rumors spread in Sacra
mento that a young 1 Portuguese girl, re
cently arrived from her birthplace in Eu
rope, had been taken suddenly 111, and
that wonderful tales were being told by
the Portuguese ranchers as to the evil
pplrlt that had taken up its abode in the
girl's body.
Call special correspondent by
many ' of . the Portuguese ranchers
who live in the Lisbon district of Yolo
County, ¦which district Is located for many
miles up a'nd down the Sacramento River,
its center bcinjr opposite to the pretty vil
lage of Kreeport, situated nine miles from
the Capital City.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 8.— "Little
Marie Corrie is possessed of an
evil spirit."
This {statement tras made to a
"The evil spirit is too powerful for these
priests," is the explanation made yester
day by many of the people. "Doctors can
do no good," they said. "It will take one
of the greatest of priests to drive the
spirit from the body of Marie Corrie."
• In the little cluster of houses facing the
Freeport ferry the condition of Mario
Corrie and the fears of the Portuguese
ranchers are daily discussed. The way
side inn of Freeport is kept by P. J.
Rhiel, who is assisted in his business by
"W. Arenz. They are Americans of a
sturdy type and are possessed of good
common sense. .While The Call corre
spondent was. talking to Rhiel and Arenz
the wife of the latter joined the group.
"I went over to see Marie Corrie," said
Mrs. Arenz, "and there is something very
peculiar about the spells she has. I can
not talk Portuguese, but I heard the peo
ple talking to the girl in that language.
They told me that they were conversing
with the evil spirit in. the girl's body and
that it answered them. We Americans
think that it is only the . superstitious
Some of the friends of the Corrie family
sought' the services of priests in Sacra
mento and the gentle fathers readily came
to the side of the young Portuguese girl.
To tiie statements of the priests that no
evil spirit was in the body of Marie Cor
rie the ranchers and their families turned
a deaf ear. .¦ • ,
Those who have stood by the girl's side
when she has been in one of, her spells
state that the evil spirit has fully an
swered all questions put to it. They as
sert that it has informed them that It is
the spirit of a man who has committed
three murders, stolen countless sums ol
money and brought many young girls to
shame.
Doctors from Sacramento have exam
ined the girl and the priest of the Lisbon
settlement. Father Soares, has joined
with the medical men in trying to calm
the fears of the ranchers and their fam
ilies, but with no success.
Two days spent in the Lisbon district
by The Call correspondent showed that
the people fully believe that the evil
spirit inhabiting the body of Marie Cor
rie is one of pronounced malignity.
Believe Evil Spirit Is Present.
The assertion Is so fully accepted' that
even to speak to one of the Portuguese
ranchers or their families of the condir
tlon of Marie Corrie causes their faces
to pale with terror, while their lips move
silently in prayer, their hands stealing
to their bosoms in order to clutch the
rosaries or other sacred emblems they
carry on their breasts.
terviewed .by a Call correspondent and
all adhere to the story that an evil spirit
has taken up Its abode in the body of the
young Portuguese girl.
From mouth to mouth the story has
been passed along and while many of the
Portuguese families told what they had
heard from others It was an easy matter
to find men and ¦women who had stood by
the side of Marie Corrie and who claimed
they had held long conversations with
the evil spirit within her body.
The story told by these people was re
counted with absolute sincerity. There
was no attempt at deception, and many
volunteered the statement that they
would never have believed what they had
heard from others, but had satisfied them
selves that an evil spirit was In their
midst.
Men and women of mature years, youths
and maidens, all join in stating that they
have spoken for more than an hour, at
various times with the evil spirit that
they claim, with all sincerity, is living in
the body of the unfortunate Marie Corrie.
Dozens of the Portuguese ranchers'liv
ing in the Lisbon district have been in-
From the day, one month ago, when
Marie Corrie was seized with the first
strange spell, she has suffered a number
of similar attacks in rapid succession.
Ranchers far and wide In the Lisbon dis
trict heard of the strange doings in the
household of the Corrie family and many
came from, their homes to verify what
others had told them. •.,"."
Strange sounds proceeded from her
throat. Her lips did not move, but the
sounds were similar in every respect to
those made by a ventriloquist. Marie's
body, from the abdomen to the 'throat,
swelled to abnormal size and her arms
and legs became almost rigid. Her hand*
were tightly clenched and the strength of
her brothers could not relax the firm grip.
As' suddenly as the spell began so it
ended and Marie Corrie looked into the
faces about her with a smile. She wan
entirely unconscious of ¦ what had taken
plac« and In reply to questions simply
said that she had a severe pain In her
chest. ¦ ¦ '
Body Is Abnormally Swollen.
The aged mother came to the assistance
of her sons and for an hour they were
engaged in preventing Marie from harm
ing herself or those around her.
The weeks slipped i quickly ¦ along and
there was not a cloud to mar the hap
piness of the Corrie family until one
month ago. In the middle of the 'day
Marie | Corrie suddenly rushed upon her
brother Manuel and sought to strike him.
There was a fierce expression on her face
and when the powerful rancher sought to
restrain his little sister he found that his
strength was not sufficient. Calling his
brother Juan to his aid the two strong
men overpowered Marie, who seemed to
be endowed with superhuman strength.
Marie Corrie is a trifle over 18 years old.
She is slight in stature, a demure little
miss of a most lovable disposition. She
soon settled down to the rural life on her
brothers' ranches and in the evenings
would singr while her aged mother and
brothers listened with delight.
From New York they came overland by
train, and at Sacramento mother and
daughter were met by Manuel and Juan
Corrie, who took them to their home on
the banks of the Sacramento River.
Manuel and Juan Corrle wherv their
day's labor was finished often talked of
the oid home In far away Portugal. There
lived the aged mother and father and
their sister Marie. According to state
ments made by the Corrie brothers yes
terday their father had neglected his fam
ily, leaving his sons and his wife to earn
a living 'while he sought oblivion to his
earthly duties by carousing in the wine
shops of the little village of Pique.
Four months ago Manuel Corrie and his
brother Juan sent enough money to their
mother to bring her and their sister Marie
from Portugal to this country. The moth
er and daughter Journeyed, from their
home In the village of Pique to Lisbon,
and there secured passage for New York.
Father Neglected His Family.
ranchers of the Portuguese settlement.
Dozens of Men and Women Aver That They Converse
With the Soul of a Fiend When the Maid Displays
Superhuman Strength and Loses Consciousness
YOLO COUNTY RANCHERS CLAIM THAT AN EVIL SPIRIT
INHABITS THE BODY OF MARIE CORRIE, A PORTUGUESE GIRL
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEB.TTSE3IENTS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leave Broadway
Mfc, Wharf. San Francisco:
fiBtbhf- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
tSjSfeSk. Sept. 4, 8, 13, 18. 23. 23. Oct.
tuiJrCSjH&h a - Change to company 3
' t5I t™UVi£& steamers at Seattle.
: JffiiflS^ For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
: EsfcSCrfSSti c ->. Port Townsend. Seattle,
: f^*^E&&3BA Tacoma, Everett and New
**" Whatcom 'Wash.)— 11 a. m..
*t Sept. 4. 8. 13. 18. 23. 28. Oct. 3.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.: at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. _ V
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 P. m. Sept.
4, 9, 14 19, 24, 29. Oct. 4.
For 8an Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Loa Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:-
eteamer State of California, "Wednesdays. 9
a. m. •
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cms.
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (»Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita. Tues-
days'. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves the right to chanir»
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing. ,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., On. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TELEPHONE flffft*
222-224 SUITER ST.
All the "New Teas" are of an
exceptionally delicate flavor and in-
cluded in our to-day's offerings.
We close Monday at n a. m.
SPECIAL. REDUCTIONS.
Monday Till Thursday Evening.
Batter, Fa^ c^ mery vsquare 39c
Tea, Te \1K ent : ifc,40c
All our high-grade 50c -Teas.
Garden Peas, New Era :
"*Res. 20c 15c tin
- Reg. 12 25.. ..§1.75 doz.
Equal to any imported.
Lucca Oil, S£->pl tins $1.00
Finest imported. Reg. $1.25.
r-jTciin Ii-'L. &Co.*s "New Uft+ |C«
LaiSttp, Era." Res . 20c. WVlOC
Lemons, g^fg- ,dozen 20c
Lemon Squeezers, rL^c. each 10c
Buhach Insect Powder
% n>, regr. 35c. 23c
' ; % It), res. 50c.. 35c
Positive exterminator of flies and
every kind of insect.
Fly Paper, SS?J*? box 40c
Box of 50 sheets.
Fmit Press, Sf&r each 25c
Scotch Whiskey, %%\ bot $1.15
Finest old Glenlivet. Slater.
Roger & Co.
Fruit Syraps, g«; qt bot 40c
Home made. Raspberry, Straw-
berry, Grenadine, Pineapple. Lemon.
Brandy, California, Pare
Regr. *100; 3 bottles 82.00
Reg. U 00; gallon $3.00
rir.inc "VELASQUEZ" is the
V1UAIIJ. name o £ the best va i ue
offered in clear Havana Key West
to-day.
O. /?. & N. CO,
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points East and In the North-
west.
"Chicago-Portland Special."
• Superior Service— Quick Time.
THE SHORT LINE TO
"Walla "Wallo-'and Spokane, and the Baker City.
Lewiston. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
. Gold Minlnff Districts.
• D. "W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
An ¦¦¦ ARlfles, Ammunition. Fish-
US 1 !»8L 1 ' inR Tackle, Sporting-. Out-
|| I W»H inpr Goods. Largest Stock.
Ill JIW-^Lowest Prices. Send for
uw VI H W fa>a '" R1 "' and Joh sheet -
SliHEi VE ft BARBER CO.
739 Market. 511 Kearny
©VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
• Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively. cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abusc.dissipation.excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, ~, Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner *^ #1 ous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are £Z-~Z a immediate," Im-
part vigor and pote *•«*» * to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers;- 50c a box; 6 for
J2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis st
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO. 38
and 40 Third st.
H. B. Fletcher. Butte, Mont.. October 20,
1S99, says: "Like many other people, I
have been troubled for years with dan-
druff, and within the last few months my
hair came out so badly that I was com-
pelled to have what I had left " clipped
very close. A friend recommended New-
bro's Herpicide. I confess that I doubted
his story: but I gave Herpicide a trial.
Now my hair is as thick as ever and en-
tirely free from dandruff." "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." At drug-
gists, $1 CO. Herpicide is a delightful hair
dressing- for regular use.
Dandruff Cured Without Faith.
Had His Falling Hair Stopped and
A DOUBTING THOMAS.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
....."Wednesday. October 23. 1901
SS. IIONGKOXG MARU
Saturday, November 16, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO IISEN KAISHA.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, • at 12 noon.
Kensington Sept. lMSouthwark Oct. 9
•Zeeland Sept. 25 *Vaderland Oct. 16
Frlesland Oct. 2)Kensington Oct. 23
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Asent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINE.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. •
' From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. IS Philadelphia ....Oct. 2
Haverford Sept." 21 St. Paul Oct. 9
St. Louis.' Sept. 25 St. Iouls Oct. 16
AMERICAN LINE.!
REV TOES. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABI3.
OCEAN TKAVEL.
J. 0. SPHECXEIS k BROS. CO., Bsnerai Agents, 327 Karicst R
Gaj'l Passenger QtScft, 643 Market St., Pier Ha. 7. Pacific St
S. 9. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Sept 12. 10 a. ra.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
About Sept. 13
S. 8. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
'.Saturday, Scut. 21. 2 d. m.
oceanic s>.§xo= «&» • - w «s»k
ISA GKEAT RESTORATIVE. IKVICORA-
• tor and Kervine.
The most vronderfut aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
aey» and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merits.
KABKR. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
223 Market tt.. S. F. — TS«nd for Circulars.)
Damiana Bitters
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Oh ::::rAiii::T.itt.c:ht-ti,:.r.:i3.
TJf The Lir jest Anatomical Museum in the
World. Weikiies-es or iny contracted
fljjjjgS «sri« po»ill»»-lj'«-»r««l by the oldest
fiS jg | Speciiiist on the Coast. Est. 36 year*.
/Stfy A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
IdnSSfefl Consultation free ar.d strictly prirate.
I jKtf 3 Treatment personally or by letter. A
g fr T» b Potitivt Curt in every case undertaken.
H ll HA Wrhe (or Boole, r BILOWOPBY or
I ff j|~ B4BRIACE, MAILED FREE. ( A
Q jjl, valuable book for men)
DB. Jon»A>' A CO.. 1031 Market St, S. F.
MUSEUM QF AHATQMY
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
Fcls & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Imagine soap-perfection., more
than you ever had or expect to
have. Fels-Xaptha is that.
Your money back if you
want it.
COMPAGNIS GENERALS. TBANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <j5tf£C5)
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. •ShmwKS
North River, foot of Morton, street; *La Savole,
September 12: •L'Aquitalne, September 13; 'La
Bretagne, September 26; La Champagne, Octo-
ber 3. • •;
First class to Havre,. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA,' 32 Broadway (Hudson- building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery -avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express . Steamers:
PANAMA R. R, 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. S105: Steerage. 140; Meats Free.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Tuesday , Sept. 10
S. 5. Argyll salts , Oct.
S. S. Leelanaw sails , Oct.
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market St.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Aitent. .
KABWAY'S BEADY BELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Kehumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
fm 3 !
BAY; AND RIVER STEAMER^
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALIEJ3.
' Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
S:45 n. m.. 2:15 and 3:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:15 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a_ m.. 12:30 noon. - 8 p. m.. ' exce>c
Eunday. Sunday. 1 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 54
cents. ¦> Telephone Main 150?. landing and of-
fice, pter & Mission-! U dock. HATCH BROd. >
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOSEJ
To Valparaiso, stopplns at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. | Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier \ 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA.... Sept. 14|AREQUIPA.....Oct. 12
TUCAPEL.:....Sept. 2SILIMARI. ...Ocft 28
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at. Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316, California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE &. CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
Jfe_ The Nursing
M other
a^ s er °^ s P rin £ anc * herself
ANHEUSER_-BUSCH'S
the food ifei2&— recommended by doctors.
Invalids and convalescents benefit materi-
ally by its tonic properties, stimulating
the appetite and aiding digestion. Sold
by all druggists. Prepared only by the
Anheuser-BUschBrewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the famous Budweiser, Michelob, Black & Tan^ Pale-Lager,
Faust, Anheuser-Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TEETH ItM PLATES
$5.00.
Why wear cumbersome plates when you
can Jiave teeth without them?
CREDIT. ,
Chalmers Dental Co.
San Francisco. 133 Powell St.Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men fcy tbe--
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont- i
ccmery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
COKONADO TENTX1TI, Coronado 'Beach
Cal.. will be. the popular summer, resort this
season. It became famous last year 'for com
fort, entertainment and health. -Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexecelled.
The hair wash on the head of a New York girl^ex
plodcd the other. day and three persons; were se
riously burned. It might not be/ unwise" for admirers
of, Gotham young ladies to go round bomb proof.
Cal.- glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's."
Choice candles. Towr?°nd's. Palace Hotel"
THE YACHT . RACE-B. K., Bartlett
Springs, Cal. The date for the yacht race
for the. America's cun has been tixed for
the 21st of September. »
HER WEIGHT-C. L. A, City. The
weight of the young woman who did the
bicycle act at the Orpheum is 116 pounds.
A revolution, it is reported, is brewing in Brazil
and adding fu,el to the flame of. War which is scorch
ing the South American republics. • Some of these
days Uncle Sam may 'go down to the scene of
trouble and spank the\whole outfit. x
AGUINALDO— Evang'eline, Rich Gulch,
Cal. Agulnaldo was captured by General
Funston and his men.
ANSWEBS TO COREESPONDENTS.
The gossiping tongues of Washington and New
York are wagging because Wu Ting Fang went in
swimming in a conventional bathing costume a few
days ago. .What would have happened if the gentle
man's costume had -been unconventional? .
Bryan continues to announce that he is still stand
ing on the Chicago platform, but very few people
pay any attention to him. In fact, while he has been
standing the world has been moving, and, has now
got so far away from him it can barely hear his voice
even when it listens closely.
Not only does Jamaica's export trade refuse to fol
low the flag; but her import trade is becoming equally
disregardfulof that mighty symbol. It goes along- the
The summary shows that of the exports of Jamaica
57 per cent were sent to the United States in 1896,
while in 1900 the share was 63.6 per cent. To the
United Kingdom the share in 1896 was 27.6 per cent
and in 1900 19.2 per cent. The report says: "The
value of the exports from Jamaica which go to the
United States continues to increase in total value and
in proportion to the. whole amount of the trade. The
exports to the United Kingdom diminish steadily.
This tendency is largely due to the development of
the fruit trade, which has hitherto been almost exclu
sively with the United States."
FROM the Treasury Bureau of Statistics there
has been issued a summary of a report of the
trade of Jamaica taken from British colonial re
ports for 1899 and 1900. It affords a striking evidence
of the fallacy of the doctrine that trade follows- the
flag, for, while the flag that floats in' Jamaica is Brit
ish, the course of trade in the island is strongly and
increasingly in our direction. . ' •"?.
THE TRADE OF JAMAICA.
:The Boston Globe, in reviewing the early organiza
tion of labor unions in Massachusetts, notes that in
1849, during the first strike on record at Lowell, the
women were as vigorous as the men, and states that
a girl only 11 years old was characterized as the "ring
leader." That case might be truly classified as a part
of the infancy of strikes. .. -•
At present the Home for Feeble-minded
is in charge of a political ring and the
institution is being used to enhance the
political welfare of the selfish trustees.
Dr. Osborne was dismissed for the sole
purpose of making way for a physician
who has political influence. 1 The trustees
have' committed ¦ a . crime ; against the
State, for Dr. .Osborne was the -right man
in the right = placej having had so many
years' experience in caring for the feeble
minded. In an institution of this kind
politics should have no place.
Dr. Osborne made the training of feeble
minds a life study, and the high standing
of the home to-day is due. to his untiring
efforts. His successor, Dr. W. M. Lawlor,
has had no experience with those unfortu
nates afflicted with a blighted intellect,
and, it is criminal on the part of Gover
nor Gage and his henchmen, the trustees
of the institution, to turn Dr. Osborne
out. * • . •
When the home was founded, fifteen
years ago, Dr. Osborne was elected to the
position of superintendent, and the duties
devolving upon him have ever since been
faithfully, honorably and efficiently exe
cuted. He is_a man of very few equals
in his profession, especially in the line in
which he has engaged for the past fifteen
years. He has been superintendent
through Democratic and . Republican ad
ministrations and never was his ability
or faithfulness to duty questioned.
The summary dismissal of Dr. A. E.
Osborne from the position of superin
tendent of the Home for. Feeble-minded
at Glen Ellen is an outrage on. the people
of this State. Petty politics prompted
the action of the trustees in dismissing
the superintendent on Thursday, and all
who are familiar with "Dr. Osborne's rec
ord, will be anything but pleased with the
discourteous, unjust treatment he has re
ceived.
Sfcbastopol Times.
Gage's Criminal Act.
Great Britain's new naval programme
provides for the construction of three bat
tleships of 16,500 tons each, six 10,000-ton
The engines of. the British battleship
Hannibal, completed In 1S97, were built by
Harland '& Wolff, the | world renowned
builders at Belfast, and cost less than
those built by other contractors for ships
of the same type and power. During the
recent naval maneuvers the Hannibal
proved herself the best and most econom
ical ship in the contending fleets, as her
coal consumption was less by four tons a
day and her £peed half a knot greater an
hour than her sister ships. The Hannibal
demonstrates, like the Oregon in our
navy,, the value of good workmanship.
• • *
The steam and gunnery trials of the
Russian battleship Retvlzan, building at
Cramp's, are to begin on the Uth of this
month. The thoroughness of tests is far
more searching in the Russian than in
any other navy, and junless it Is perfunc
tory, as is frequently the case with gov
ernment work, would «monstrate the
perfection of the ship in all its details.
The contract, signed April 23, 1S98, stipu
lated delivery in three years, the ship to
make a speed of eighteen knots for twelve
hours under natural draught, whereas In
all other navies the speed is limited to u
duration of four hours under forced
draught.
• • *
The tonnage of foreign naval vessels in
Chinese waters in July last was distrib
uted among Great Britain. Russia and
France, as follows: Great Britain, 170,003
tons; Russia, 150,000; France, 90,300. Twelve
months earlier the respective tonnage of
the powers enumerated was 107,000, 82,000
and 40,000 tons, showing an aggregate in
crease in one year of 181,300 tons. A Jap
anese naval officer felicitates his country
upon the fact that it has built six battle
ships- and six armored cruisers of 144,500
tons since 1S96, . all vessels of the latest
naval development, and that as matters
stand at present Japan would have noth
ing to fear against a combination of Rus
sia and France, as many of the ships of
the two latter powers are obsolete and
no match against the up-to-date vessels
of Japan.
• '¦-A*''. \i *
The ranks of vice and rear admiral
of the United Kingdom will probably be
re-established upon the occasion of the
coronation of King Edward VII. The ti
tle of lord high admiral dates back to
S72.__Kir.g Alfred being the first bearing
that title. John, Earl of Somerset, be
came admiral. of England December 23,
1406, and the titles of vice and rear ad
miral of the United Kingdom have con
tinued up to a few years ago. Sir Michael
Culme-Seymour, who died' in 1S94, was the
last vice admiral of the United King
dom, and Sir W. F. Martin, whose death
occurred in 18S7. was the las^ rear ad
miral of that title. The extra salary as
vice admiral was £439 Is 9d, and that of
rear admiral £S42 9s.- The offices were
simply sinecures and ceased on _ the plea
of economy.
• • *
Two Ironclads, the Audacious and In
vincible, have been struck from the active
list of the" British 1 ' navy and are being
converted into depots for torpedo-boat de
stroyers. The Audacious was built in I860
at a cost of ;i,315,M0 and her repairs up
to 1S99 foot up to $1,495,935, an excess of
$179,993 over the original cost. The Invin
cible," built in 1871, cost $1,268,045, and $668,
815 in repairs during her thirty years of
active service. Three third class cruisers
—the Garnet, Ruby and Tourmaline— of
2120 tons, which were struck off the list
three years ago, are being converted into
coal hulks. They were built during 1873
and 1S77 and were of the composite class
that is. iron frames planked with wood
and copper sheathed. Their usefulness as
cruising vessels averaged about twenty
years and their good and reliable speed of
thirteen knots, together with the moder
ate expense of repairs, made this type a
very popular class of vessels in the Brit
ish navy.
In our local market there is little change to report.
Our farm products are still in demand for a vast area
though one or two are slackening from their recent
abnormal activity, as the later crops of the Western
States are beginning to compete with the California
products. This happens every year. But we have sent
so much of our farm produce out of the State during
the past two months that if the stream kept up we
might run short ourselves. This has been a great
year for .California farm products and trade 'ts feeling
the beneficient effects thereof. If we had made the
season ourselves we could hardly have improved upon
It. Perhaps we might not have done so well.
Aside from this distressing and startling dose, how
ever, the week made t. fine record. The bank clear
ings gained 33.2 per cent over the corresponding, week
in 1000 and every city of note except Omaha showed
a gain. The staples were firm as a rule, pork prod
ucts being firm and advancing, hides and leather also
on the up grade and wool and woolen goods firm and
in demand. The regular fall demand for merchandise
was reported brisk all ever the country, with, a marked
expansion in the South. The railroads reported a
heavy movement of goods and complained of contin
ued scarcity of cars. Leading Western centers re
ported improved collections. The great iron strike
continued to ease off with the opening of still more
works and the demand for finished iron and steel
products showed a marked increase, with a good deal
of business ordered, but necessarily postponed. The
business already booked promises continued activity
throughout the winter. The inquiry for boots and
shoes is so brisk that many wholesalers and jobbers
are insisting upon having their contracts closed at
once so as to -insure delivery. Briefly, from all over
the country the commercial reports indicate that the
present activity in trade will continue over into the
next year at least. The tide of prosperity shows no
signs of ebbing.
But there was a curious feature to this. This pon
toon bridge over a financial flurry was made possible
by exceptionally sound business conditions all over
the country, brought about by that same President
who lay under the surgeons' instruments at Buffalo.
President McKinley's election had built a solid foun
dation of prosperity on which the nation rested se
curely when the founder of that prosperity was laid
low. It was precisely like inoculation in advance of
an epidemic. No such ; occurrence has ever before
been witnessed in the history of American commerce.
Had any other political party been in power it could
not have happened. Everybody recognized that the
President had created such prosperity that even when
the assassin's hand struck him down that prosperity
held the country up. It shows what z t wise adminis
tration of public and financial affairs will do in an
emergency. Nor will the negative side of the ques
tion be lost on the community.
THE close of the week was distinguished by a
pronounced drop along the whole line of se
curities in Wall street. This was not wholly
due to the attempted assassination of President Mc-
Kinley on the preceding day, but was largely the
effect of an unfavorable bank statement, aggravated,
of course, by the crime of the anarchist. A poor
bank statement had been expected, and the leading
financial interests of New York had already met and
r.greed to stand under any bad break in stocks on Sat
urday morning before it was known that the Presi
dent had been shot. The break came along on time and
the market went off from two to ten points, but the
banks announced that everybody would be protected,
the clearing-house was prepared to issue millions of
certificates to tide over the emergency, and what
might havt been a bad piece of financial business was
softened down to the proportions of an incident.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. and wife left
last night for their country home on the
McCloud River to be absent for two
weeks. As their guests they have Mrs.
Williams' mother and sister, John W.
Ferris and two sisters and Louis Lissak.
J. A. McElfrtsh, high chief ranger of
the Foresters of America, arrived from
Los Angeles yesterday and has made the
Grand his hea-Jquarters.
A. H. Ashley, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, is in the city for a few days
and had made the Lick his headquarters.
D. M. Riordan, the well-known electri
cian of t Los Angeles, is in the city on
business*. He is at the Palace.
F. A. Dorn, District Attorney of San
Luis Obispo County, is at the California,
accompanied by his wife, j
E. P. Dunn, proprietor of the Arlington
Hotel at Santa Barbara, is registered at
the Palace.
M. R. Plaisted, proprietor of the Even
ing Democratof Fresno, is a guest at the
California.
Senator E. C. Voorheis arrived from Sut
ter Creek yesterday and is at the Palace.
Dr. J. M. Archer of Bedding is a guest
at the Grand. "
Dunning Rideout of Marysville is a
guest at the Palace.
F. A. Hlhn, a prominent citizen of San
ta Cruz is at the Palace.
Judge E. C. Hart Is down from Sacra
mento and Is registered at the Grand. -
Thomas "W. Patterson, a banker of Fres
no, is spending a few days at the Lick.
"W. B. Bannister, a mining man of So
nora, registered at the Lick yesterday.
• • * .
Desertions are more frequent In tho
British navy than in the army and the
reward for arrest is double that of tha
army.
• • • ¦
On April 1, 1900, the total force of work
men in British dockyards numbered 23^33,
and on January 1 last the number had in
creased to 30,330. „- >' : ;
• * •
The old receiving ship Vermont was
moved from her berth at the Brooklyn
Navy Yard August 27, and the Columbia
will take her place. The lack of room on
the latter will necessitate the erection of
a building* on the Cob dock as quarters
for the officers.
armored cruisers, two third class cruis
ers, ten torpedo-boat destroyers, five tor
pedo-boats, two sloops and five submarine
boats. Of this fleet, two battleships and
one armored cruiser are to be built in the
dockyards, the other vessels to be con
tracted for. There Is not a single new
ship of any description allotted to any of
the navy yards in this country.
There is no other substantial ques
tion involved in the present strike, and,
primarily or otherwise, to deal officially
with the striking union in and of itselC
would settle the Issue. The right of tha
unions to exist within the law is univer
sally conceded, and their supremacy, aa
between themselves and l their members,.
on all matters within their jurisdiction
and obligations it is for them to decide.
But it would be contrary to elementary
principles cf law as well as right, It
would be a total reversal of the principle
and rule which guarantee individual con
trol of individual business, to force em
ployers to yield to union dictation in the
management of their own affairs or ia
their agreements with their employes.
The Employers" Association ia only col
lectively interested in the strike and
therefore on that ground alone it might
well ' have declined the suggested inter
view. But, waiving that point, it la a.
fact that the conciliation committee and
the public ought to perceive at a glance
that in a conference the very first point
to be considered is which would be the
power of the representatives if the strik
ers could coerce employers into the recog
nition of striking unions to the extent of
dictatorship would in and of itself settle
the strike in antagonism to our system of
government or would be necessarily fruit
less.
The Draymen's Association and the Em
ployers' Association, acting purely on the
defensive, are protecting the rights, not
merely of employers, but of all labor
unions pursuing lawful ends by lawful
means and of every non-unionized wage
earner in the United States.
AMERICAN.
The leaders of the striking unions de
mand that, instead of conducting their
business directly with their employers,
the employers shall enter into immediate
and permanent relations with the unions
themselves as organizations— in other
words, that the striking unions shall hava
the exclusive power to represent their
members.
The full report published by the Con
ciliation Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors reflects credit upon their mo
tives and upon their power of deliberate
expression, but it proves conclusively
that they were not justified in formulat
ing the conclusion "that the position of
the Employers' Association a3 expressed
to its officers is an absolutely untenable*
one." An exactly opposite conclusion re
sults inexorably from the facts as de
tailed by the committee and illustrated
by the correspondence. They fail to per
ceive that, as a condition precedent to tho
proposed meeting between the represen
tatives of the labor unions and of the
Employers' Association, they required the
surrender of the only point in the contro
versy.
KING EDWARD
WILL RESTORE
NAVAL RANKS
THE PRESIDENT AND BUSINESS.
This lesson of the time should be the chief theme
of the orations of the day and of the thoughts of the
people. California can afford for once to turn aside
from exultation in her greatness and her increasing
wealth and power, to consider seriously the duty
which her people owe to themselves and to the laws
of the great free republic under which they live.
There are some offenses which statutes cannot.effec
tively deal with, but which are amenable to the bar of
public opinion, and by that powerful authority can be,'
if not suppressed, at least so checked that the evil
will be greatly diminished. One of those offenses is
that of yellow journalism. Dr. David Starr Jordan
summed up the moral of the whole lesson in his state
ment of yesterday: "We cannot suppress the agitator
or the journal, for foice only increases the danger;
but we have a moral duty to stand\pgainst all move
ments of whatever kind which seek to accomplish
their ends through intimidation or murder."
That is the lesson and the moral for the people of
California to take to their hearts on this anniversary
of the State festival. If they sink^ deeply into the
hearts of the people and take root there to grow into
a firm resolve we shall not have had our mournful
holiday in vain. r
The instinct of the people roused to activity by the
crime has unerringly detected one of the most potent
of the many causes that have led up to the develop
ment of anarchy among some of the lower grade of
the foreign elements among us. .The people now per
ceive that the Emma Goldmans of the time are not
alone in their responsibility for the crime. A" reckless
and pervert journalism too long tolerated among us
has been hardly less pernicious than the. anarchist
teachere themselves. In that judgment the reason of
the wisest and the best confirms the instinct of the
masses. The presidents of our universities have united
in emphasizing that lesponsibility. Thus the issue is
presented to serious and earnest patriots whether or
not they will any longer give even an indirect sup
port-to that evil which has now proved itself so ter
ribly dangerous to society.
There is something almost maddening in the
thought that in a land of freedom and of prosperity
like this such a malignant spirit as that of anarchy
should ever find lodgment in the breast of even the
most vicious and insane. The evil spirit is here, how
ever, and its appalling mischief has been wrought. It
will be for the people of California on this holiday
to ponder deeply upon the significance of the tragedy
and consider well what steps should be taken to expel
from our shores the spirit that caused it. , .: ;
CALIFORNIA'S annual festival in celebration
of her admission to the Union will be kept
to-day with more of mournfulness than of re
joicing. The thoughts of the people are turned not
to the scene where the celebration will be observed
by the Native Sons and Native Daughters, but to
the bedside of the stricken President. It is true that
the first dread shock caused by the attempted assas
sination of the President has passed away and san
guine hearts have hopes for his recovery, but the
danger of death is still too imminent for any one to
feel in a mood for gayety; and," moreover, whether the
President rally or fail during the day, the feeling of
grief and rage that such a foul offense should have
been committed in cur republic against the chief
magistrate is still burning too deeply and too hotly
for any one to put it aside for a holiday.
A MOURNFUL HOLIDAY.
PERSONAL MENTION.
make its first outing a grand suc
cess. \ The gates of. Glen Park will open
this morning at 8 o'clock and from
then until . midnight merriment' will
have full sway. The committees in charge
have prepared, as the result of weeks of
earnest work, a programme that Is bound
to furnish enjoyment for every one.
Iritish games, Irish dancing and Irish
essays and "poems will be a few of the
things that will interest the expectant
throng. Colonel T. F. Barry will deliver
an address and a short programme of lit
erary exercises will follow. Great inter
est centers in the literary competition In
the Gaelic language, for which special
prizes are offered. Five essays and one
poem have already been submitted. Oth
ers are expected to be handed in to-day.
The judges selected are Rev. P. C. Yorke,
Father Foley of Alameda and Jeremiah
Deasy, chairman of the executive commit- \
A competition in Gaelic football between
EVERYTHING that experience can
suggest or ingenuity devise has
been made use of by the executive
committee of the Celtic Union to
A grand fireworks display in the even
ing will precede the ball. Busts of Em-
A final rehearsal of those who will par
ticipate in the specially prepared pro
gramme of Irish dancing was held yes
terday afternoon at K. R. B. Hall. There
was a large attendance and Fiddler Mc-
Mahon had to resin his bow many a time
to keep up with the dancers. A special
feature of the afternoon will be a four
handed reel, in which Miss Julia Malloy
and Miss Anna Kavanagh and Professors
J. J. O'Connor and J. P. Kelleher will
participate. This will be danced in cos
tume, and promises to be one of the most
interesting features presented.
elevens drawn .from the various Irish so
cieties will be warmly contested. Captain
T. J. Mellott will command one team and
Secretary Alford the other. The best
kickers in iboth teams will be allowed to
enter for the place kick. In addition there
will be hurling, high kicking, hop-step
and-ju'mp and other purely Irish athletic
events.
Professor Larsen will lift himself in his
balloon, Shamrock II, about 2 o'clock."
THE ISSUE IN THE STRIKE
met, Parnell and other Irish heroes and
a grand final piece. "The Dawn of Free
dom In Ireland," together with flights of
rockets, batteries of stars and plenty of
colored fire, will illumine the grounds and
adjacent hills. The dancing platform will
be brilliantly illuminated with electria
lights and variegated lanterns.
Arrangements have been made with tho
Market-street Railway Company and tha
San Francisco and San Mateo Railway
Company for an extra car service. Cars
of both lines -will be run at Intervals of
ten minutes direct to the grounds. Tha
last car from the park to the city will
leave promptly at midnight.
.During the afternoon bulletins were
read announcing the apparent improve
ment in the condition of President Mc-
Kinley. Many of these were supplied
through the courtesy of The Call. Each
one Indicating a change for the better
was received with applause. Arrange
ments had been made in the event of an
unfavorable outcome to postpone the af
fair, for which preparations had so earn-*
estly and carefully been made. The good
news was therefore doubly welcome.
V A QUARTET OF IRISH DANCERS WHO WILL. BE SEEN TO-DAY AT GLEN PARK, WHERE THE BIG CELE
BRATION OF THE CELTIC UNION WILL BE HELD AND WHERE AN UNUSUALLY LARGE ATTENDANCE
IS EXPECTED. *
i While the Transvaal is being, harried by war the
province of Rhodesia is said to be doing a flourish
ing business in selling provisions to the army. ¦ At
Buluwayo, which but a short time ago was the kraal
and virtually the human slaughter pen of old- Loben
gula, it is said there are now all the evidences of a
prosperous civilization, including six schoolhouses
and a public library. '.
The Examiner has instructed them that they have
all the powers of government, and many that govern
ment has rot and dare not exercise. It has led them
into- weakening the good rights they have by fantas
tically claiming those which are at war with law. !
The Examiner is making ready, to falsely claim for
itself the credit of an end of the strike, and to deceive
its dupes into the belief that they have gained what
they sought. What their leaders seek, is the right
to dictate to the wage-paying employer in the tran
saction of his business, to whom he shall sell and of
whom he shall buy. When the struggle ends, as it
will end by the denial of this. right of dictation, labor
unionism in all its legitimate purposes will be j,ust
where it was before, untouched and unharmed, and
the Examiner lies about the real issue in order that
it may cla:m that undisturbed status as a victory. It
will deceive but a few. When a majority of the wage
earners gc. back to work upon the same terms on
which they could have continued in unbroken em
ployment they will hc.ve gained nothing that their
leaders contended for. But they will have lost many
weeks' wages, to the injury of their families, and will
have forfeited the good will of thousands of pro
ducers all over California whom they have"'b6en led to
injure and in many cases to ruin. " ..'. b
We say in all candor to the strikers who are mis
led by evil counsel and lying that no community ever
yet surrendered to force and as long as it
had the means of resistance.
It is this erratic and tyrannical use of power with
out responsibility that is at issue, and not beneficial
unionism at all.
The question at issue is not the existence of union
ism, but the attempt of union leaders to usurp the
place of the employer by compelling his employes to
obey their orders in the transaction of his business.
These leaders, who arc now in alliance with the Ex
aminer, ordered members of the Teamsters' Union
not to haul freight or baggage for customers of their
employers to whom the leaders objected. The right
of these leaders to exercise that absolute domination
over the business of employers is the sole question
at issue. It is a question which the Examiner in its
own case would settle exactly as the employers have
done. If the pressmen of that paper refused to run
off an edition that contained the advertisement of a
non-union firm they would be instantly discharged,
just as the teamsters were who refused to haul non
union baggage. Such discharge would be no more
a lockout than this widespread strike is -a lockout.
Such action by pressmen would be in all respects ex
actly like the action of the union teamsters, without
the faintest shade of difference, and every newspaper
proprietor and every business man knows that the
Examiner would do exactly what the employing dray
men did. Now, one need not search f%r for proof
that this new policy of the autocratic leaders of union
labor means just such interference with the lawful
rights and business of newspaper proprietors as well
as of other business men. The Employers' Associa
tion has advertised generally in the press of the State
for labor to take the place of the strikers. This was
sent out and paid for- as a regular advertisement in
the usual and daily course of business in all newspa
per offices. This advertisement ran in the Examiner
and was paid for. It also appeared in the Herald of
Grass Valley, and the labor unions in that county,
which have' been recently addressed by Organizer
Pierce, immediately ordered, instituted and are now
by such order maintaining a. boycott of the Herald
to punish it for taking that advertisement. Here is
the assertion of a discrimination and the power to de
stroy one man's business and at the same time build
up the business of another, though both have done
the same thing for which this new union policy or
ders' the ruin of another! The Grass Valley paper
must be ruined by the order of men who cheer and
support the Examiner, though it did the same iden
tical thing!
In the same reckless spirit of falsehood the Ex
aminer speaks always of the strike as, "a lockout," to
give the impression that employers were the aggress
ors and ' wantonly locked out their employes to de
stroy labor unionism. Of course the statement is
false. No fight is made on labor unionism in any
of its relations to the welfare of labor, to hours or
wages. In all such respects unionism had been will
ingly recognized by the employers, who, relying on
the good faith of union labor, had in numerous in
stances made contracts with their union labor, as
such, in order that labor might be assured of con
tinued employment and wages on conditions agree
able to it as union labor, and that the employer might
safely plan for the future on the basis of stability in
his relations to the labor employed.
To right-minded men would occur the misfortune
of 400 employes discharged through a blow struck
by a newspaper at their employer's business. No hu
mane man would rejoice at such a calamity to labor,
if it occurred. But such considerations do not affect
the Examiner any more than the obligation of a man
or a newspaper to tell the truth. .
:The publication of this lie was to encourage the
strikers, by making them believe that following its
advice to injure employers of labor was effective and
would coerce employers to yield. . .
• That paper, knowing the statement to be a lie, pub
lished that Levi Strauss & Co., the. firm that, it ad
vised to be boycotted, had suffered so in its trade that
it had been compelled to discharge 400 employes.
This it did after it knew the falsity of the statement,
and when the firm asked it to publish a respectful let
ter in denial it refused to do so.
IF the strikers do not go, and remain, wrong in
respect to their relation to the law, it will not be
for lack of false, evil and incendiary advice given
by their organ, the Examiner.
CELTIC UNION'S CELEBRATION
ARRANGEMENTS ARE FINISHER
Jamaica is but a small island and her trade is in
significant in comparison with that of the United
States; nevertheless it will bear watching. It affords
a good opportunity for applying that peculiar kind
of reciprocity that some Eastern people have lately
advocated) It supplies the Eastern market with sugar
and fruit and takes manufactured goods in return.
Thus, if reciprocity could be arranged, the East would
get the. benefit and California would^ have to bear
most of the competition, and there are a number of
Eastern people who would be quite willing to make
that kind of arrangement.
It is to be noted that the chief products of Jamaica
are sugar and fruit,. and of these the exports are
mainly to. this country . N The report says: "Sugar
was shipped almost entirely to the United States and
to the United Kingdom in the proportion of eight to
one. Fruit almost exclusively to the United States."
The imports ff om this country were made up mainly
of coal and cotton goods. Of the latter the increase
of imports has been quite striking, and it appears
our manufacturers of cheap cotton fabrics will v event
ually have the bulk of the trade.'
lines of commercial, expediency and is increasingly
made up of imports from. this country. Thus the re
port shows that in 1896 the percentage of Jamaican
imports taken from the United States was 41.8 per
cent and in ; i960 43 per cent, while the proportion from
the United Kingdom, which in 1896 was 48.1 per cent,
was in 1900 47.2 per, cent. In neither imports nor ex
ports does the trade with Canada show any increase."
Of the exports 1.6 per cent went to Canada in 1896 and
the same proportion in 1900; while of the imports 7.5
per cent were taken from Canada in 1896 and 7.1 per
cent in 1900.
AN -EVIL' ADVISER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt; MONDAY, REPTBMBER 9, 1901.
MONDAY.......... SEPTEMBER 9. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ' :
liiKM AH Comxcnlcitions to W. S. LEAKS, Xantgtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. P.
Telepbone Press 2O1. :-rV; '
EDITORIAL ROOMS. .. ..217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»r Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle' Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including: Postaffei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months. ".. 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 3 months ...1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL, One Year I- 50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year I- 00
All postmasters nre authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Ktrtgtt Foreign AdTtrtiaing, Msr^uett* Building, CUngs.
, (Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CABLTO5 Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH. ...... .30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
BRASCH OFFICE? — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
S:3P o'clock. 19tl Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open cntil 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, opeu until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 FHlmore, open until 9 p. m.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "A Voice From the "Wilderness."
Alcazar— "The Taminp of the Shrew."
Grand Opera-house— "Quo Vadls."
Tivoli— •Tn'JSt."
California — "Barbara Frietchle." ,
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "A Royal Family."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fisciier' f— Vaudeville.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sam Watklns— Tuesday, at 11 o'clock. Horses, "Wagons,
etc.. at 1140 Folsom.
Call subscriber* contemplating; a chance of
residence dnrlnr the summer months can hare
their paper fonrarded by mall to their m*«r
addresses by notifying- The Call Business Office.
Thin ptf.cr Trill also be on sale at all summer
reaort* mud la represented by a local mfj<smt la
**ll toiret om the coast.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWH FOR THE SDMHEB.Roanoke> Rye, Honey ..and ' Horehound:
Get it. You'll not regret itfc* ¦• •
Fritz Burkhardt, a German laborer,
committed suicide last . night by | hanging
himself with acloseline to apole in the
near of his residence at- 6 McCormick
place. His : wife found him , after he had
been hanging a ' iew moments, cut him
down and ha.d him conveyed to the Emer
gency Hospital, where he : died a short
time after his arrival. Despondency,
caused by: an overindulgence in liquor,
wa3 the cause of the deed.
German Laborer Commits Suicide.
JAMESTOWN, N. D., Sept. 8.-Five men
were killed and six others seriously in
jured, two of whom have since died *: in
a collision early to-day/ A mixed train
on the Northern Pacific came in from
Oakes, carrying seventeen men "on a flat
car. As the train passed the station a
road engine was struck and the force of
the collision caused the flatcar to col
lapse. The names of the dead and in
jured could not be learned. They were
harvest hands who • had boarded the car
at Lamoure. ¦. -
Seven Killed in a Collision.
pana), California. Quartet; chorus, "The ~ Days
of -*49," Daughters of California Pioneers'. So
ciety, MUs Clara Nolan " accompanist— all are
requested to Join in the chorus; "American Pa
trol" (Meacham), Blum's Orchestra. . "
ST. JOHNS. N. F., Sept. 8.— Foresf fires
are ravaging the .country and threaten
several large lumber districts. Twenty
three houses have been destroyed In the
settlement of White Bay, and it is feared
that other villages have also been burned.
It Is impossible to cope with the fires and
unless a heavy rainfall extinguishes them
the loss to the timber interests will be
heavy. -
Forest Fires Cause Heavy Loss.
PETALUMA, Sept. 8.— Batteries C and
B of the First Regiment Artillery. Major
Bush commanding, arrived here last night
for a ' three • days' enca-mpment. Upon
their arrival they were escorted to camp
by Company C, Fifth Regiment, N. G. C,
of this city and Company C military band.
In the evening a grand ball was given in
their honor. This afternoon a dress pa
rade and ffuardmount was held. To
morrow a ball game with Company C will
take place and the visitors will leave for
San Francisco In the. afternoon. .V?^>
Military Encampment at Petaluma.
Small gangs were at . work at every
wharf and ' dock along the water front
yesterday. The number of .vessels in the
harbor and the great amount of work to
be done renders it impossible for all- the
hands to claim a day of rest, though r^ost
of them are in need of a day off. Those
who have been working 'longshore «mce
the inception of the strike have become
hardened and • are . able to put in seven
days at arduous toil. .
Though there were but a few men en
gaged in dischargmg the schooner . Solano
of Tier cargo of salmon they succeeded in
getting out many barrels of the fish. A
number of teams were hauling the im
mense fish barrels from Mission-street
wharf to the warehouses during the en
tire day. It is expected that the work of
unloading the big salmoner will be accom
plished in short order.
At the Fremont-street wharf the Colum
bia was working a large force, and at the
dock of the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company twenty men were working
on the St: Paul. Stevedores were also at
work on the Californian at Steuart-street
wharf and* on the Leelanaw at Howard
street pier No. 3. 'The Ventura and the
Pomona were also discharging yesterday.
The ' Austrian steamer Klek was being
discharged in the stream yesterday. She
carries a load of .sulphur for the Califor
nia Powder Works and her cargo -will-, be
taken to Pinole in barges. The collier
Progreso was moored at Chandler's
bunkers yesterday afternoon. This Is the
second trip she has, made since the strike
began. -She' will commence discharging
to-day. - ?
The Tampico got away late Saturday
the Shipping.
Gangs of Men Are Kept Busy With
Mrs. Wishnofske entertains suspicions
as to the identity of the would-be mur
derer. ;•: ': ' ¦ T
CORVALLIS, Or., Sept. 8.— What is sup
posed to have been a deliberate attempt
to murder an entire family occurred In
the Lilly hopyard this' morning. Mrs.
Wishnofske, with her son, aged 19 and
daughter, I aged 15, were encamped near
the drier. Shortly after midnight a terri
ble explosion aroused the neighborhood
the report being heard miles . away It
was caused by dynamite," a stick of which
had been fired in the tent near the head
of the two beds occupied by the mother
and her children. The tent was wrecked
and a big hole torn in the ground by the
dynamite,. but, strange to say, the family
escaped with only a temporary shock
from the heavy concussion. ¦ .
Where Motherland Children
Are Sleeping.
Stick of Dynamite Fired in Tent
COWARDLY ATTEMPT MADE
TO MURDER ENTIRE FAMILY
CLEVELAND, Sept. 8.— To-night the
city is in the.hands of the veteran soldiers
of the Grand Army qf the Republic. The
land^ and naval forces have taken posses
sion of the Forest City, and its streets are
thronged with members and delegates and
visiting strangers.
In the harbor off the city lies the train
ing ship Yantlc of the Michigan Naval
Reserves, the United States gunboat
Michigan . and the General Hawk, the
training ship of the Cleveland reserves.
With this fleet guarding the harbor and
the city already well garrisoned by thou
sands of veteran members, the .twenty
fifth annual encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic has already begun.
As early as 10 o'clock this morning the
first delegation was welcomed at the gates
of the city and ushered to its quarters in
the downtown ' district. Before noon' a
number of posts had already been as
signed to quarters prepared for them, and
since. that time every hour has brought
a steady influx of delegates,' members and
visiting strangers. = - :, - -
The greatest interest centers in the con
dition of the President, but the encourag
ing bulletins this evening had a decided
effect in -lightening the spirits of the thou
sands who paraded the streets and crowd
ed in public centers. , ."
Thirty-Fifth. -Annual .. Encampment
Begins in the Forest
: V City.
GBAND AEMY VETERANS
GATHER IN" CLEVELAND
The new tariff schedule arrived by the
transport Kilpatrick. Copies will be is
sued to the public Immediately for thor
ough study and discussion. The public
desires the Philippine Commission to hold
open sessions on Wednesday and Thurs
day, when the changes proposed by the
merchants will be considered, as will also
the time when the tariff shall become ef
fective. :v> '
The commission has passed a law pro
viding that in future appointments to the
appointees'- contract with the United
States shall provide penalties where, the
appointee shall re^gn within two years.
These penalties shall include the loss of
pay due and the recovery of money paid
while in transit. It has frequently hap
pened recently that persons appointed
have quit their positions shortly after
landing here. •
MANILA, Sept. 8.— The Insurgent lead
er Angeles has surrendered in the Came
rines with nineteen officers, forty-two
men, a number of rifles and a quantity of
ammunition. Numbers i of other small
surrenders occur daily. The only active
forces operating now • with any number
of men are those of Malvar and Lukban.
The capture or surrender of the former
ia expected at any time. The latter, the
Filipinos believe, will hold out as long as
he is able to get ammunition. His broth
er, a doctor In Manila, says Lukban will
never surrender.
The excitement caused by this phenom
enon was intense, and the population of
nearby towns came "to see the result of
the unique occurrence. Kxcursion trains
are now being run from Tokio for per
sons wishing to visit the spot.
All. that is left of the mountain is what
was apparently its former summit, on
which a few small trees had grown.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. '8.— A moun
tain 400 feet in height has disappeared
near the village of Konomura, in Japan.
The mountain covered a half-mile square
in an open plain at the edge of the village.
Forty miles away is one of the Japanese
volcanoes, and it is supposed that from
this some disturbance came which caused
the mountain to sink into the earth An
earthquake which occurred on August 22
was accompanied by a terrible noise
which came from this hill, and when the
natives went f:Ut in the morning the
mountain had ¦ been apparently moved
away during the night, for not a trace of
even a hill was left.
Dancing, interspersed with the following ex
erc'sc Overture, Blum's Orchestra; solo,
"Dawn" (Lord H. Somerset). Miss Bertha Wad
hams. ~H. I. Bennett, accompanist; reading.
"Race Day at Monterey" (Atherton), Miss
Elizabeth F. Bartlett; song, "The Danza"
<Chadwick). Mies Anne Loulee Daniel!s», Miss
Ella Grav««e. accompanist; medley (selected),
Richard Hunt. George Gunn and Frank Ecken
roth Jr.; sonr, "O Mio Fernando" from "La
Favorita" (Donizetti). Miss Grace De Forest
(Pioneer Daughter), Roscoe Warren Lucy, ac
companist; sonRS— (a) "The Palms" (Faure),
(b) "The Four-Leaf Clover" (Brownell), Rich
ard Hunt; eong, "The Song That Reached My
Heart" (Julian Jordan), Mrs. Ernest Leigh
4 Pioneer Daughter), Roscoe Warren Lucy, ac
companist; banjo eolo, "Intermezzo Sinfonfco"
from "Cavalleria Rusticana" (Mascagni), Miss
Marie Lawler; quartet, "The Scout" (Cam-
EVENING-COMMENCING AT 8,
Overture, Blum's Orchestra; address of wel
come, by the president, Hon. Walter Van Dyke;
original po*-m. Dr. Charles D. Cleveland; four
eongs, opus 56 (McDowell), (a) "Long Ago,"
<b) "The Swan Bent Low to the Lily." (c)
"A Maid Kings Light." (d) "When the Gloam
ing Shadows Creep." Mise Anne Louise Dan
iells Miss Ella Graves, accompanist; reading.
••Concepcion de Arruello" <Bret Harte), Miss
Elizabeth F Bartlett; song, "The Friar on Or
dprs Grey" (Shields), J. C. Hughes; banjo solo,
"Manzanlllo" (Robyn). Miss Marie Lawler;
quartet -Rosebud Fair" <J. C. Macy). Cali
fornia Quartet; piano eolo (Mendelssohn), Miss
Florence Burke; song. "Swing High. Swing
Low" (Salmon), Miss Anne Louise Daniells,
Miss Ella Graves, accompanist; barytone eolo,
"The Thought of You" (Charles Bennee). S.
Homer Henley. Charles Henley.' accompanist;
reading "Mr. Traver's First Hunt" (Richard
Harding Davis), Miss Elizabeth F. Bartlett;
tenor solo, "Rose in Heaven" (Trotere), Charles
L Goettinp: recitation, "The Possum Ridge
School." Miss Louise Cleveland (Pioneer
Daughter).
Some of the very best local talent will
contribute to both afternoon and evening
exercises. The programmes are varied,
well arranged and of carefully selected
material. The afternoon exercises will
commence at 1 o'clock. The evening at 8
o'clock. ; - ' -
The committee in charge of the arrange
ments consists of. Aylett R. Cotton, E. M.
Root. E. T. Kruse, S. W. Holliday and
W. B. Farwell.
Following Is the programme for the
day's celebration:
AFTERNOON— COMMENCING AT 1 O'CLOCK
The afternoon programme will open with
an address of welcome by the Hon. Wal
ter Van Dyke. The evening programme
will close with the singing of "The Days
of *49" by everybody present, led by a
chorus of the Daughters of California Pio
neer Society. I -:
The Society of California Pioneers will
devote the entire day to celebrating the
fifty-first anniversary of the admission of
California into the Union- Exercises will
be held at Pioneer Hall in the afternoon
and in the evening there will be more ex
ercises and some dancing. .'.'¦
Angeles Surrenders to
Americans in the
Camarines.
Volcanic Disturbances
and Noises Precede
Phenomenon.
The Society of Pioneers
Has an All Day
Programme.
MOUNTAIN SINKS
INTO THE EARTH
FILIPINO CHIEF
WEARIES OF WAR
FORTY-NINERS
WILL CELEBRATE
, The result of the meeting will probably
be. a split -in the organization of the
Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel
and Tin Workers in this city. The radi
cals will undoubtedly claim the charter
of the association, but President Redfern
says, as president of the lodge, he will
hold on to the charter as the action taken
at the meeting was constitutional. Trou
ble is looked, for when the men return
to work to-morrow.
r J"ib. question. of returning to work was
debated at length, and after every mem
ber had had his say President Joseph D.
Redfern ordered a secret ballot taken.
An appeal was made. The appeal was
referred to the vice president of the lodge,
whose duty it. is to act in such an ex
igency. The lodge waited fifteen minutes,
and the vice president failed to take any
action on the appeal. President Redfern
then appointed tellers and ordered that a
secret ballot be taken, whereupon, the
radical element left- the lodge in a body.
The -radicals slightly outnumbered the
conservatives. Those remaining in the
lodge then voted unanimously to return
to work. . .
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 8.— The Bayview
Iron .Workers' meeting, after a stormy
session to-day, broke up In a row. The
radical element left the halHand the re
maining members, not quite half of those
in attendance, voted to return to work,
and will do so to-morrow when the mills
will start up.
tion of Returning to Work and
Trouble Brews.
Bayview Strikers Divided -on Ques-
IRON-WORKERS HAVE
SERIOUS DISAGREEMENT
Maurice Pohalski, a special officer for
Curtin's agency, was intoxicated and rais
ing a disturbance yesterday afternoon at
Stockton and Kills streets and was ar
rested by Policeman Davids on a charge
of disturbing the peace. When searched
at the City Prison a loaded revolver and
his star were found in his pockets.
. Herbert Matheson, -who is employed on
the transport Samoa, was beaten- and
robbed by three men, supposed to b«
strikers, on Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth streets, about 4 o'clock
yesterday morning. He was in the Can
teen saloon, and asked the proprietor,
Jack Martin, to accompany him to Sixth
and Howard streets, as he had some
money on him and was afraid of being
robbed. Martin refused, and just > as
Matheson left the saloon the three men
knocked him down and robbed him of be
tween $15 and $20. Policeman Peter Mur
phy heard Matheson's. cries for help, and
¦when the three robbers saw the officer
they v ran into Howard court and disap
peared. Matheson was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where a lacerated wound
in his scalp was stitched and dressed.
Captain Seymour was notified of the rob
bei-y yesterday.
Richard Webster, a non-union machin
ist, was attacked by three strikers at
Fourth and Berry streets about 9 o'clock
Saturday night. He • was knocked down,
beaten and robbed of $40 and a gold
watch. He reported the robbery to the
Potrero police station.
of Money and Valuables.
Non-TJnion Men Beaten and Bobbed
STRIKERS EXACT TRIBUTE.
N O BEST ON WATER FRONT.
The officers of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters have followed their recent
open letter to the Merchants' Association
with another, issued to the press yester
day, as follows: ;
To the Members of the Merchants' Associa
tion — Gentlemen: A few days ago we took the
liberty of placing before you certain facts in
reference to the present condition of labor in
San Francisco. We are informed that you are
to hold a general meeting of your society ou
Tuesday. We therefore beg of you to extend
your Indulgence to us so that we may call your
attention to certain facts and the practical ap
plication of the same, which we feel sure wlil
be to your interests and prosperity.
This is a commercial city. No one in it is
independent of the other. The city exists be
cause of the trade that is carried here. In
jure, the trade and you Injure the city an«i
every class in the city. Now the Employers'
Association has caused this lockout. It v has
crippled the transportation facilities of San
Francisco. It has done this without any cause
or justification. Therefore the Employers' As-
Fociation is injuring every class, every inter
est in the city, and you, who are merchants,
it is injuring above all. It is therefore to your
interests and prosperity to put yourselves on
record with regaoi to this wanton Interference
of a secret and irresponsible society with the
course of trade. The agreement which we had
with our employers was satisfactory to them
and us. - It was the fruit of a period of great
prosperity and was working without a hitch.
The Employers' Association compelled the
draymen to break that agreement. We ask
you, therefore, to mark -your condemnation of
such unwarranted interference with the -busi
ness of other people. Strengthen the hands of
the draymen who wish to throw oft the tyran
ny of this secret coterie and to resume busi
ness under the old conditions. By doing this
you will injure the real rights of no party and
you will restore peace to this detracted city.
Again, many of you are members in name of
this Employers' Association, but in name only.
You have not been consulted as to its course,
many of you vehemently disapprove of it. You
are in the hands of a narrow junta that is ex
ploiting you merely to gratify its pride and re
sentment. Are the days of Nero come again?
Must San Francisco burn that a click of rich
men may indulge In mock heroics at their
clubs? You and you alone can stop this folly.
Demand a meeting of the members of the
Employers' Association that you may be able
to put a term to. the stupidity that is perpe
trated in your name. If you cannot get a meet-
Ing of the Employers' Association then this
meeting of the Merchants' Association will
serve to mark your indignation.
We beg most respectfully to remind you that
the wage earners of this city have always
treated the merchants well. After all we pay
the taxes. Every tyro in political economy
knows that taxes come not from the landlord
but from the ' tenant, not from the merchant
but the consumer. ¦ Every- man who rents,
every -"man who' sells makes provision for the
taxes in the rent he fixes and in the price he
demands. Now we who pay the taxes have
acted generously with you the merchant. For
the past decade we have practically given the
government of the. city into your hands. We
gave | you the new charter, which is a mer
chants' charter. The major portion of the city
revenue has been spent downtown and for
your benefit.- We need not remind you that
what has been given may be taken away. We
have no desire to Inaugurate a class warfare,
but a class warfare is forced upon us by
those who claim to represent you. We are
the people. We can at the polls choose our
own officials and make our own laws. It you
should find that in the future the city grows
niggard with you and puts In force regulations
to hamper you that other cities do not scruple
to enforce then you may place the responsibil
ity on this secret clique that is defying nat
ural justice and setting at nought public opin
ion and making the name of., merchant and
employers to ba an evil odor in the nostrils of
all fair-minded men. . .
¦ Now, gentlemen, the case is in your hands.
You are men of business and you know how to
act for your. best interests. Again let us say
we all in this town stand or fall together.
Whoso injures us injures you. You will there
fore be doing, what • your prosperity . demands
and what the people expect from you when
you condemn the policy of the Employers' As
sociation and demand with rightful Indignation
that the misguided men who rule it shall cease
from their policy of anarchy and destruction.
Respectfully yours, JOHN McL.AUGHL.IN,
. Secretary Brotherhood of Teamsters.
MICHAEL. CASEY. Business Agent.
San Francisco, September 8, 1901.
Intervene for Peace.
Strike Leaders Ask Business Men to
APPEAL TO MERCHANTS.
The police give the affair an entirely
different version. They say arrests were
not made except when unprovoked at
tacks were made upon the disguised po
liceman and that the ruse resulted in ab
solute proof that union pickets are guilty
of assaults upon non-union laborers.
"The arrest of these men was the re
sult of a plan conceived by Lieutenant
Price and was unwarranted. A police offi
cer disguised as a sailor was sent out
with orders to raise disturbances so. that
the other officers could arrest the men
who were. foolish enough to take part in
them. The officer, of course, was ac
costed by the pickets, but they made no
assault on him. On the contrary the offi
cer started the rows and attacked the
men, who did nothing but ask him if he
were working. He was not long at work
when we were warned that an officer was
masquerading for the purpose of making
wholesale arrests and we immediately
sent word to the pickets to watch out for
him. Then he began feigning drunken
ness. He would stagger into a group of
men, bumping against them, and if any
man said a word to him out came his
club and at fight and an arrest were the
results. It was a disgraceful proceeding,
in line* with Price's record and the desire
of the employers to provoke outbreaks so
that the National Guard troops may be
called out."
, The arrest of twenty-four men, twelve
of whom wete union sailors, by Lieuten
ant Price and the harbor police Saturday
night was the cause of great indignation
yesterday around the union headquarters
on East street. John Kean, treasurer of
the City Front Federation and captain of
pickets, said yesterday: .• ¦ _
Forced Into Fights.
Strike Leaders Say Pickets Were
POLICE RUSE CONDEMNED.
The ships Montebello and Clan Graham
came down from Port Costa loaded with
grain. The Englehorn will be brought
down Wednesday.
The transport Sumner finished coaling
and will begin taking in cargo Monday.
. Edward Fernandez and George Currle,
two non-union men employed on the col
lier Milton, were treated at the Harbor
Hospital yesterday for injuries received
by being struck with a bucket of coal aa
it was being hoisted out of the hatch.
The ship Vasco da Gama, loaded with
niter, will be towed to a point near Pinole
and anchored. Her cargo for the powder
works will be loaded into barges and
landed.
The Charles Nelson Company will use^
the sternwheel steamer Oleum as a board
ing-house. She will be anchored in Mis
sion Bay.
night. Seven men of the crew of the A.
G. Ropes were put aboard of her to com
plete her complochent. ¦ .
Many draymeh are anxious that the end
of the controversy be reached, but ap
parently the majority of the draymen and
other employers Immediately" concerned
are not willing that- even partial recogni
tion of the unions be conceded, to even
the slight degree involved in conference
upon questions of hours and wages. It Is
the knowledge of this frame of mind on
the part of the majority of employers that
leads to despair of a speedy settlement.
With the teamsters and the machinists
the problem is a very different one, and
much privation already exists in their
families.
, Cm the water front the strikers look
ahead to weeks of idleness with indiffer
ence. It is claimed that contributions
from other branches of the International
Seamen's Union are sufficing to pay the
strike benefits, leaving the fund of the
local union unimpaired except as it is
drawn upon to relieve particular cases of
suffering. Each sailor receives $3 per
week, which satisfies the claims of his
boarding-house master. In times of in
dustrial peace the, boarding-house master
furnishes bed^and board to the sailor in
port for $5 per week, but he is under con
tract that in. time of strike he shall fur
nish bed and board, of a sort to keep body
and soul together, at $3 per week. The
sailor who has a little fund laid up for to
bacco and other extras can live an in
definite time on his strike benefit and be
happy.
Developments of importance are not ex
pected to-day. Little work will be done
in the wholesale district/ and what teams
go put will take special officers as guards.
The draymen have been notified that no
regular police officers will be detailed to
protect non-union teamsters to-day. Both
employers and strike leaders say there
will be no conferences, and that whatever
there is to be in the way of negotiations
for peace must wait until to-morrow.
The confidence felt by the striking- team
sters that agreement will be reached by
Wednesday at latest is perceptibly weak
ening. The strike leaders particularly
are saving that hope of settlement is
slight, and they are preparing to settle
down to a long-drawn test of strength, to
be ended only by the defeat of one party
to th«' controversy. .
I . MPLOYERS and strikers made
I a the .most of the weekly day of
I rest yesterday, and the California
H holiday will be similarly observed
to-day. The managers of both
sides were not to be found at their offices
any time during the day, and industrial
affairs drifted along- entirely without
change.
Leaders Agree That To-Day Will Bring No Devel
opments and Rank and File Are Losing Confi
dence in the Success of Pending Negotiations
STRIKE FORCES PASSIVE WHILE
HOPE OF PEACE GROWS WEAKER
THE SAIT JFRANOISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9j 1901.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION!
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
P.» J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
Three Large Pieces of Property in
Potrero District.
Coming manufacturing center of the city;
described as follows:
Almost entire block bounded by 18th and
19th, "Wisconsin a'nd Arkansas streets.
Arkansas street frontage of 200 feet, from
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street, S."W. corner of "Wisconsin,
96:10 feet on 19th by 85 feet on "Wisconsin st.
See diagrams for further, particulars, or the
Referees, t ...
Large, centrally located corner brick build-
ing in Chinatown, northwest corner of "Wash-
ington street and Stouts alley, between Dupont
and Stockton streets; 64:6 by 137:6 feet; rents
$350 per month.; I
Nos. 832-834 Washington Street.
feet by 137:6 feet; best location In Chinatown;
present rental $155 per month.
Dupont Street.
Between Washington and Jackson: lot 47:8
Briek Building, Nos. 915-917-919
Nos. 910, 912 and 914 Kearny street, between
Jackson and Pacific, extending -. through to
Montgomery avenue; two frontages, -.49:6 feet
on Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery avenue;
will pay well when properly improved.
Choice Piece of Business Property.
1. North corner Third and Jessie sts., G9 ft.
on Third St., 83 ft. on Jessie st. Stores and
offices; rents $5220 per annum.
2. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson St., 57:6
ft. east of Third St., and fronting 27:6 fl~ on
Jessie.
3. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st, 117:6
ft. east on Third Bt. and t r6ntlng 47 ft. on
Jessie st. Annual income from these last two
pieces $4000; can be separated and increased
¦wiili small outlay.
Prominent Third-Street Corner,
200 feet of Market Street. Larga
frontages on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the e'.ty. Offered in three
subdivisions—
Nc. 14 Montgomery Street.
12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Salesrooms of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Referee's Auction Sale
Crooks' Estate Properties,
Monday, September 23, 1901,
BY ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
AMUSEMENTS.
ADMISSION DAY MATINEE T&DAY.
USUAL MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUX-
DAY.
MATINEES 2 SHARP. EVENINGS 8 SHARP.
ALL THIS WEEK,
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In an Elaborate Production of Stanislaus
Stance's Dramatization of - • - ¦ .-¦
"QUO VADIS."
First Presentation of This Version at Popular
Prices. 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c. - .
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY (MONDAY). Sept. ».
Parquet, 25c, and seat; balcony. 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
a red-letter week
IN VAUDEVILLE
GEO. W. LESLIE AND COMPANY. ERNEST
HOGAN. LIBBY. TRAYER AND GIL-
BERT. THE FIVE SUNBEAMS, THE LA
VALLEE TRIO, MLLE. LOTTY," THE
GREAT POWELL AND HIS COMPANY
AND THE BIOGRAPH.
Evenings at 8 share. Matinee Saturday at 3
. •. sharp.
To-Nlght, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday,
"FAUST."
With the Strongest Cast Ever Heard -Here!
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Night and Sat-
urday Matinee,
"CARMEN."
With the Only COLLAMARINI t
POPULAR PRICES ..23c. 80c. 73c
Telephone Bush 9.
GOOD-BYE PERFORMANCES THIS "WEEK-
MATINEE TO-DAY .'....25 aad 50c
THIS EVENING
MR. JAMBS AND THE
A/J=T#/ / NEILL
* V JBmtm/ M Sas*1 Bm*t COMPANY.
PRESENTING
BARBARA FRIETCHIE
To-morrow Night THE JILT
Wednesday Ev'g..A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Thursday Matinee THE JILT
Thursday Evening 3 A ROYAL BOX
Friday (farewell).. THE LOTTERY OF LOVE
SEATS NOW READY. wvl -
COMING— Hoyt's Very Best. "A TEXA3
STEER."
BEIL&SCO mo THALESjfcgflp?
• ii* . **" mttsxcnvtuut
SPECIAL SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY,
(Admission Day) — 10c, 15c, 23c.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week,
The Greatest Triumph Known In Years.
Edw. Eisner's Spectacular Biblical Drama,
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of the Eminent American Actor,
ROBERT DOWNING.
200 People on the Stage— A Great Cast.
PfffOS EveatoSS" 10o 15c. 23c, 35c. Mo
1 AiVLO Matinees lOc, 15c. 25o
• i .
fl^T H EJKT R £yiX
Extra Matinee To-Day— Adinissioa Day.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In Shakespeare's Best Comedy,
The Taming of
the Shrew.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:13.
FISf!HFT?\S CONCERT HOUSE,
r iOUnnn O Admission 10c.
Von Suppe'3 "BEAUTIFUL GALATEA."
Mae Tunison, Wren and Linden, Merle Stanton.
June Mathlas. Sam Holdsworth and our un-
rivaled orchestra. . ¦
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE
_-__. These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
*** lets and travelers ap-
CRAfJT! predate— central loca-
UltAFlif tlon , liberal mana*e-
' nnTKI C irserst. modern appotnt-
11 U 1 CJL2, ments and perfect cut.
sine.
5^3 American and JEuro-
ptau plan*.
Francisco. 1,
AMUSEMENTS.
BEGINNING T6-NIGHT.
SECOND AtSD LASi WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAT ONLY.
Charles Frohman Presents
ANNIE RUSSELL
In R. Marshall's Comedy of Romance.
A ROYAL FAMILY
Tbe Greatest Success of the Season.
NEXT MONDAY
TTf-IOS <?. S ¦/ MBROOK.E
In the New Romantic Comic Play,
¦ "A MODERN CRUSOE."
GHUTES_a ND ZOO
Special To*Day and To*Night.
BIG
ADMISSION DAY
CELEBRATION.
.Superb Vaudeville Bill!
GRAND FIREWORKS DISPLAY
• TC-NIGHT. :
•'-'K-' !. "Telephone for. Seats— Park 23. '
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. .
'-¦ ¦-. Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c. ;
Bathing, including admission, 22c; children, 20c.
DRJIEYERS&CO,
Specialist. Disease
and • weakness of
men. Established
188L Consultation
and private book
.free, at office or by
mail. , Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (eleva-
tor entrance), San
Francisco.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
Send for a sample of Mel-
lin's Food and our book,
"The Care and Feeding of
Infants." The book tells
you how to use Mellin's
Food. It also has valuable
information a in regard to
the' nursery.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION,
J% WH ARH CLOSED TO-DAY. ¦& H « i^fe^^
I Pattosien's I Morris :Wm
I Furniture Sale. $^^^^^
Fine Leather Couches *. * -^^^^il^w
{...¦_. i ¦ ¦ i - j^-y ;*%ifffB7WKfifcafl . ¦ f II I ' Undoubtedly and -vrithout question the
. 3" ¦¦ ' 'I V^ttna . lij, 0 il ' very best value ever offered to our cus-
"« f .>'' **4* lull" IS tomers. The frame is of massive design,
Fanrv T *>a+Vii*r rVm<«Ji»e *n*A~ :*i ««•• Ifiv* // tfl " ew an <l original; workmanship flrst-
rancy Leattier Couches, made in our J& \i JJ l% " class. Front and sides of frame are richly
own lactory and guaranteed. Your BgfcO^w Jfifa carved; has , large, comfortable arms,
choice of any color leather /t f\ C\f\ j I *J^fc-^=^S^i?i >^jlsk^ curved back, patent detachable hinge at-
cak or mahocanv frames 'tu.vU rfg^v'^--f^r^ r^. tachment, closed safety ratchet rod sup-
fc y """ c iFS^^^^s ——?=3f?3^r port - Chair is finished in golden oak,
• ;<j^^T7P— ZT*n — — —^*T'JL\!J\M *yfa Flemish oak, or mahogany. Loose rever-
(S?iW^ -^^!lilm Our Special Dresser, all polished, $17 00. , :^ I S^^S^
\'f*^j^S ' "3SS!aS«!.3SS"' tKAl if/Vi ¦ This handsome Solid \ Oak Dresser has * "*-.^>v • -~rS— ir/£f.
/¦ ir§ i" -fA \Ja\ four drawers in base, top drawers quarter Dining-room tables, round or square, 4 ;
— ' **'"'i2~^s»« sawed oak, all highly polished cast brass feet wide, 8 feet long, highly polished gold-
trimming.?; has a fine pattern French en oak. These tables have beautifully
' $is r%~-. gST*-^— / Ss"?^ bevel mirror, with carved standards and shaped and carved 7-inch legs, exactly.
•,fe? Lfr^g£rr2-^ggt]3Ba»*^?'=»S?<i» .swing. To be had exclusive- 1 *7 f\t\ like cut; worth regular $25.00; |Q Qn
rtT ' r^CT^rg^^iT^^r^y^d j ly at our store. Price HtUU special IO«all
p;^^^^»' < p|lilf WONDERFUL
H- 517.50- — \ hj A New York Importer's Entire Surplus Stock.
Regular Price $24.00. ffi Imported French Oriental Fabrics. Imp. French Cretonnes-Fast Colorings!
* ._,_.., , . .V 50 inches -wide, reversible, high S2 inches wide, sold at 50c, 75c and
A genuine Oak Sideboard at a price J2 colors, sold at $1.00 and $1.25, $1.00; your choice, at, special, *\~7l
that will make them sell quickly. This J& at > special, a ; 75C a yardl 25c and I"
board stands 6 feet 4 inches high, nearly SsS yard., r r «i,«i, T««««4r!«« irt d«m m ».
4 feet wide, has 18x30 French bevel plate lmn Cronnli Tan0(5 » r i 0 o Dlnh Pnlnrc lm P' ™™ TapeStrleS — All PattemS.
mirror, two silver drawers, one linen imp. FrenCil TapeStriGS — RlCll COlOFS. 50 inches wide, for furniture and dra-
drawer ?nd rom-iartment hplnw 9p*>. 50 inches wide, for furniture cover- peries, sold at $1.50 and $1.75, 1 ]«
drawer and compartment below, bee j n gs, sold at $1.00 and $1.25, 7<=;r at - special, yard *•*«
this board beiore making selection. at special a yard COW
__ .._«. i La c Pflnn m !„„» T,« o t* - Imp. French Silk Fabrics- -All Colors.
I ftftr niinTf&I&l imported French Linen TaneTa., 50 inches wide, reversible, tor hang.
luiiPfiBllKlulRl CO inches wide, sold at $2.25, f rz(\ ings, sold -. at $2.00, $2.50 and 1 p=f|
LelUL UUfitlailiv at, special, a yard I«OU $3.00, at, special, yard 1«OU
fk*$S; A"\\VC» i km" ' n«i»M*S N * RIP. V/OOl TapeStriSS — FOr FUmitlire. 50 inches wide, heavy quality, sold at I QA
6®f^^v\v«H nSTff 3SFIR °° : at> s^ eciai> a yard i««*u
Hfnji^l^MViv^ WtllCLlllllOl _ ¦- mm iff- IB/IB TAhl BTkBH>r%
mlm w* m ™- PBill FINE -'WILTON RUGS
Piilii bulled W§W^M0 At One-Third the Price of Orientals,
¦A&^^Mt Muslin and net,
£,p3j (0: with insertions !pS|j Jl^f§ OUR GUARANTY:
iipjy PK$ and lace edgfes, at. SW<a!I • m S4$iE9 "WE GUARANTEE the new production- of beautiful
£a£H LSr^'i a raair Srai^oM3 s*£w* Ej'VS? Wilton Rues that we have placed on sale TO LAST
J^ A*^v$ ' Sy* ~B Jf*>. Wk. ¥27j fe F0R YEARS— with ordinary care. After experimenting
mi yjSLaaE^jjSSpfriJl 1 r\f\ 1 nr en *£l ¦^ ; »> »$ SSKfy*"; +& WJri «* on tnese rugs for several years, the manufacturers have
i^'-i " "1"-^ liUui l.tO» I .OU? j§>'J#«ri «§?iSr AtF fit produced a fabric so rich and perfect in color effects
5SP^ 1 T^> IIP vSr J'£*iff that many of them are more beautiful than . the finest
ff? t^vil lllJ Ur. ijS?i?* y& f ri 5C*l\5i Oriental Rugs. Even experts are compelled to examine'
1 n ' '"ill Worth double S2ftiS iSf s&fi closely in order to tell the difference— and the price is but
*- Sc.-Ei a trifle in comparison.
A BARGAIN Cross Stripe Grena- 'Su^jSfes fipte^ls? • PATTOSIEN" CO.
dine Curtains to be closed out at SH^^teS^P^S CVT ™ S ° VT AIVD KE5P 1T '
$1.50, ?2.00 and $2.50 a pair. IN LARGE CARPET SIZE- :
Very desirable for Bedrooms. Every 1 9 ft. long by 6 ft. wide $20.00
pair worth double. 10 ft,6in g
"MANUFACTURERS AND* RETAILERS,"
Corner 16th PAXTOSIEN CO. and MissionTrophies and Goods Dis
tributed to Skillful
Shooters.
Big Merchandise Shoot
at Empire Club
WEBB CARRIES
OFF THE PRIZES
SPORTS OF A SUNDAY ON COURSING FIELD, DIAMOND, TRACK, TRAP AND RANGE
There will be no dearth of Admission
day sports in and about this city. Base
ball, coursing, horeracing, yachting, shoot-
On Water, Field and Track
Sportsmen Will Con
gregate.
All Branches "Will Have
Unusually Big Fol-
ADMISSION DAY
CARD OF SPORTS
The shooting clubs were well repre
sented at the Shell Mound ranges yesterr
day, and the scores were unusually good.
Best Scores of the Afternoon
Are Made by P. P.
X -
Schuster.
Shooting Societies Hold
Many Exciting
Contests.
PEPPER TARGETS
AT SHELL MOUND
COLD SHIVERS, THE COURSER "WHICH "WON THE RICH FUTURITY STAKE AT THE UNION PARK GROUNDS
YESTERDAY, AND 'SOME OF THE ODD THINGS THAT WERE SEEN BY A CALL CARTOONIST DURING
THE EVENT. <
FUTURITY AND CLASS STAKE RESULTS.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. S.— Deputy Sher
iff Thomas Malone has been suspended
from office by Sheriff Frazier for making
the remark that "President McKinley
ought to have been shot long ago." -
Deputy Sheriff in Disgrace. -
SAN JOSE, Sept. 8.— After a year of
sscrecy the marriage of Alfred Barker, a
prominent young man of this city, and
Miss Anna B. Cavallaro was made public
to-day. It came as a surprise to the
friends of both. Miss Cavallaro Is a
teacher in the city schools.' The couple
were married in this eiiy by Father Glee
son September 1C, 1900. T Just why the wed
ding was kept a secret they refuse to
state, except that they desired to fool
their friends, who are now congratulating
them.
Married Secretly a Year Ago.
R. Murphy and W. Stansbury 75
J. White and M. Joyce 62
T. Foley 21 11 21
M. M. Guthrie 19 21 11
E. "White and R. Regll. 21 18 21 19 21
:W. Johnson and G. Green 17 21 16 21 15
J. Harlow and W. Williams.... .^21 21 17 19 21
J. Rlordan and D. Connelly 13 14 21 21 15
J. Goni and A. Aguirre ...*..•. 75
J. Bidart and J. Erremuspl 45
M. Dillon and "W. Kelly 21 11 21 21
J. McDermott and G. Hutchlnson. ..13 21 15 16
H. Racoulllet and M. McNeil 21 16 21 19 21
L. Carralne and P. McKlnnon...l4 21 13 21 17
P. Talo and E. Barry.... 21 21 12 16 21
D. Regan and J. McBrearty 18 13 21 21 12
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following scores represent the day's
play: :
M. Kirby and C. Murray 21 15 21 21
J. Foley and J. Klrby 11 21 14 18
P. Newman ...........21 21
J. Gleason 16 6
P. Newman and W. Mlnnehan...' 21 21 21
J. Gleason and J. Foley. ..14 15 20
T. Powers 21 21 21
L. Levy „. 0 10 10
H. Russ JO. 21 21
George James 8 17 IS
Handball Games.
On : the Olympic Club ¦ handball courts
the following scores were made yester
day: "
G. Parker 21 21 21
H. Gallett 3 13 10
F. P. Schuster of the San Francisco
Verein carried off the honors of the day
with a record of 443 points on the ring
target.
The other organizations present were
the Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, Gold
en Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, Independ
ent Rifles, Swiss Rifle Club and the Ger
mania Schuetzeri Club.
The day's scores are as follows:
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. monthly
medal shoot— First. F. P. Schuster, 443: ¦ first
class. It. Stettin, 423; second class, O. Lemcke,
409; third class, S. Heino, 377; fourth class, H.
Meyer, 358; best first shot, O. Lemcke, 23; best
last shot. H. Huber. 25. <
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly bulls
eye shoot— H. Huber 628, H. Meyer 671, O.
Lemcke 692. Captain J. Thode 776, R. Stettin
830, F. C. Rust 898, F. P. Schuster 906, F./Koch
958, W. Gottschalk 1059, G. Shulz 1062, L. N.
Ritzau 1075, J. Gefken 10S6.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot— Handicap. M. F. Blasse. 186. 205;
gold medal, W. F. Blasse, 192; D. B. Faktor,
216, 219, 220; silver medal, A. B. Dorrell. 218,
225, 215; M. J. White, 195. 193; A. C. Thode,
168 t 180.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot — Ser
geant C. Andrews 40, Sergeant H. Kuhlke 36.
F. Skworan 21, C. Smith 19, H. Gatjen 36,
Lieutenant H. Hansen 16, C. Schneider 35, A.
Diedrick 14. Dr. Melerdlerks 38, F. Lawn 17, H.
Tannamacher 38, F. Smith 16, J. Behlmer 20.
Swiss Rifle Club, monthly medal shoot — Cham
pion class. J. Bachmann. 371; first class, R.
Hauser. 366; second class, F. Suter, 331; third
class, E. Suter, 352.
Swiss Rifle Club, monthly 'bullseye shoot-
Prizes were -won in the following: order: J.
Furrer, J. Sheibll, J. Bachmann, R. Hauser. F.
Suter, R. von Wyl, J. Lehmann, C. Bacala, K.
Baurngartner, C. Bachmann, E. Suter.
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot— First champion class, F. P. Schuster. 233,
225: second champion class, L. Bend el, 220, 218;
first class, F. Brandt, 200: second class, S.
Heino. 216; third class, W. Doell, 199, 181; best
flret shot, F. P. Schuster, 25; best last shot, S.
Heino, 24.
Team shoot for dinner— L. Slebe 40, F. Kuehl
ke 34, J. Ringen 43. W. Slebe 35.
Last year 1104 persons were Injured and
eighteen killed in London by being flung
headlong out of hansom cabs by reason
of the horse slipping and falling.
Afternoon and Evening Pleasantly
Spent in Sports and Dancing at
Shell Hound.
The Norddeutscher Verein held Its an
nual outing and moonlight festival at
Shell Mound Park yesterday. More than
1500 guests were present during the after
noon and evening and all voted the occa
sion a most enjoyable one. An attractive
programme, consisting of games, music
and dancing, was presented. The proceeds
from the affair will be used in the benev
olent work of the society.
The success of the outing Is due mainly
to the efforts of the following committees:
Arrangements— E. Stehn, H. Thode, C. W.
Arp, H. Barthold and L. Kohn.
Bowling— E. F. Baruth, H. Pausmann and J.
C. Dicken.
• Games— A. Mey«r, T. Rathjens, C. B. Abra
ham. H. Behlmer, J. Schllemann and J. Sohl.
Floor— B. Meyer. J. Llske. B. Barthold, M.
Len. Otto von Borstel and F. Gooss.
NORDDEUTSCHER VEBECN
1 HOLDS A1TOTTA1 OTJTING
Special event No. 1, 15 birds— Daniels 13. An
derson 7. Foster 13. Crandall 8. Schults 13.
Bruns 15. "Webb 15. Derbey 11. F. Feudner 12.
"Wilson 14. Iverson 12. McCutchen 13. Deben
ham 13. La Motte 12, Gorden 14. W. Ireland
11. Ross 10. Dr. George 7. Justins 13. FUcken
jrer 14. Huie 14. Swales 7. King 12. Hodap 12.
Fish 13. Levill 8. Harrison 9. Thomas 10. Allen,
11, Cullen 10. Klevesahl 6.
Event No. 4, 20 birds— Daniels 18. Anderson
12, Foster 19, Kerrison IS. Olsen 8, Crandall 8.
Schultz 19. Bruns 16. Webb 19, Derbey 17. F.
Feudner 14, "Wilson 18, Iverson 19, Sylvester 14,
Burnell 14, Knick 13, Hoyt 17. Lewis 8, Me-
Cutchen 16. Mitchell 16, Debenham 19. La
Motte 15, Gorden 16. W. Ireland 15. Ross 13.
Dr. George 15, Justius 16. FHckenger 16. Hule
37. Stocker 5. Swales 9. Dr. Alden 11. King 10.
Dr. Gere 10, Hodap 18. Fish 17. Levill 14. Har
rison 14. Thomas 15. Allen 12, Cullen 14. Kle
vesahl 12, Walker- 14, John Lazarot 7. Jo.
Lazarot 10. Owens 7, Toung 12. Lepoids 6.
Hauer 13. Miller 14, Durst 14. Burns 5, Searla
14, Reed 16. Tlned 10. Bolce 13. Du Bolce 9.
Wetmore 15, Stanton 11. Jevette 16. Baker 11.
Jansen 11. Roman 12. Fairchilds 9. Sprague 7.
Ireland 12. J. Jensen 7, Guyett 10. Green 1.
Rosi 14. Peterson 7. I* Batrd 14. C. Balrd 7.
GregK 12. Jevette Jr. 14. Peltier 8, Halle «.
Jacobsen 7. Houpt 9, A. La Motte 9, Dr. Hun
saker 2, Sweeney 9.
Event No. 3, 20 birds— Daniels 17. Anderson
11, Foster 19, Kerrison 18, Olsen 12. Crandall 9.
Schultz 15. Bruns 17. Webb 19, Derbey 16, F.
Feudner K>, Wilson 19, Iverson 18. Sylvester 13.
Burnell 13. Knlck 13. Hoyt 13, Lewis 4. Mc-
Cutchen 13, Mitchell 14, Debenham 17. Gorden
131 Ross 14, Dr. George 11. Justins 19. Fllck
enger 16, Hule 14. Stocker 5, Swales 12. Hodap
15, Fish 16. Levill 8. Harrison 13. Thomas 18.
Allen 13. Cullen 19. Klevesahl 15. "Walker 13.
John Lazarot 12. Jo Lazarot 8. Owens 3. Younj
13. LeDoids 5, Hauer 15, Hausen 7, Terrill 11.
Miller 11.
Event No. 2, 13 birds— Daniels 10. Anderson
12. Foster 14, Kerrison 14, Olsen 11. Crandall 5.
Schnltz 14. Bruns 13. "Webb 15. Derbey 8, F.
Keudner 15,, Wilson 13. Iverson II, Sylvester *,
Burnell 12, Knick 11. Hoyt 9, Lewis 3, Mc-
Cutchen 8, Mitchell 7, Debenham 9, La Motte
13, Gorden 15. W. Ireland 11. Ross 14. I>r.
George 9, Justins 14, Flickeneer 14. Huie 13.
Stocker 4, Swales 10. Dr. Alden 12. Kins 13,
Dr. G«re 10, Hodap 12. Fish 10.
A. J. Webb also annexed the handsome
$50 diamond medal offered by the club as
the championship prize for this season.
His score for the seven shoota In this
event averaged 90 per cent. The State
championship Yellowstone event was
wound up for the season with the day's
shoot and a handsome silver loving cup
offered as the prize in this match was
won by C. W. Debenham, and the pool
money, in this match divided by R. C.
Reed and J. B. Hauer, whose scores were
next highest In order.
The Schumacher handicap race was
likewise shot through and J. B. Hauer
annexed the prize offered, a silver
watch. The cuff buttons and lapel button
that were offered as special prizes in the
club events for the season were won by
J. B. Hauer, C. "W. Debenham and V. J.
LaMotte. Complete scores follow for
open events:
trap shootersw Some excellent scores were
made by many of the crack shots present.
The several pool events scheduled brought
a strong^ entry, and for the first prize, a
fine hammerless shotgun, offered In the
merchandise event, M. J. Iverson, C. W.
Debenham. Edgar Foster, and A. J.
"Webb were tied, with the score of 19
breaks out of 20 birds shot at. . In shoot-
Ing off this score Webb won the event
by breaking 5 birds straight, Iverson win
ning second and Foster third choice
prizes.
Senator Pettigrew has found that he can
make more in Wall street in a day than
te can Jn politics in a year. That Is easy.
The thing to do is to make more in a
fear. — New York- World.
Representatives of the . German societies
of California will meet Tuesday evening
at 8:30 o'clock at, 421 Post street for the
purpose of effecting a State. organization.
The leading German societies of the State
are embraced in the movement-
German Societies^ to Unite.
Three parish picnics will leave the city
for various parks to-day. St. Brendan's
Parish picnic is scheduled for Fairfax and
St. Brlgid's for Scheutzen Park, while St.
Rose's will so to Shell Mound. As the
parishioners of the different churches look
forward to these picnics as annual events
it is expected that ' they will be well - at
tpndfid. —
Parish Picnics To-Day.
Numerous Entries Insure Some Go^d
Racing To-Day at the Sac
ramento Fair.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 8.— The feature of
the card for to-morrow's races at Agri
cultural Prak is the Stanford stake. The
entries are as follows: . . i
First race, trotting, Stanford stake,
mile heats, three In five — Charles H.
Fluey, Commander Mukle, Delia McCarty,
Lee Roy, j Almareta, Lady Russell.
' Second race, for horses eligible to 2:14,
class, trotting— Osito, Claudius, Alta Vela,
Boydello, Ouiboul.
.Third race, four-year-olds and upward,
selling, seven and a half furlongs— Limber
Jim 113,' Merops 105, Miss Vera 103, J.
Boggs 110. Burdock 106. Coming Event 103.
¦ Fourth , race, selling, one mile— Decoy
112, Jim McCleevy 112, McFarlane 112.
Whaleback 112. Rinaldo 112," Boardman.
112. ElMido 112.
¦ Fifth race, two-year-olds.', selling, five
furlongs— Quadra 110, Lulette 100, Gypsy
Boy 108, "Wandering Boy 103, Evea G 105,
Flattered 105, Porous" 108, Dawson 110,
Rubina 113, Yankee Dame 100.-
Sixth race selling six furlongs— Katie
"Walcott, Galene 112, Mike Strauss 112. Ar
tilla 109.Canderos 112, Vantlne 109, Little
Moscow , will soon have „ an association
of working men and women who will pay
fromlhaif a ruble to a ruble a month to
form I a fund , for j the benefit : of members
whn ar« ill or nut nf a inh.
C. Haight and E., Donohoe in a practice
shoot scored respectively 44 straight and
47 out of 50. . . .
, The scores of the day were:
M. O. ; Feudner. 23, C. : A. Haight 24, C. H.
Shaw. 23, W.- J. .Golcher 23, .M..Slade 23. E.
Donohoe 24,' George Jackson ¦ 24, H. B. Hos
nier 21, A. Heard 9 out of 10, E. Stone 23.
Back scores, I 15-bird race — G. Jackson : 15, C.
H. , Shaw 15.. W. Golcher 15. . .
The Olympic Gun Club held the final
trap-shoot of the season at the grounds
of the San Francisco Trap Shooting As
sociation at Ingleslde yesterday. Weather
conditions were favorable and i unusually
good scores* resulted. , The birds were
brought to the ground .with unerring aim
by skilled marksmen. M.'. O. . Feudner
won the gold medal In the championship
class with a score of 97. C. A. Haight and
Charles Shaw tied for second place with
93, -but Haight won jn the shoot-off. .
• In class A. George Jackson won the gold
medal, with 95, E. Donohoe 94.
gC Class B medal was won by H. B. .Hos
mer with a score of; 92. - .
Trap Shoot of Season at Ingleside.
Olympic Gun dub Holds Its Final
FETJDNER IS CHAMPION:
STANFORD STAKE
FEATURE OF THE CARD
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 2, Jones 1.
Two-base hits — Hutchlnson 2. C. -Reilly, Hilde
brand. Sacrifice hit — Hildebrand. First base
on errors— Los Angeles 2, San Francisco 4.
First base on called balls— Off Jones I. off
Whalen !, off Krug 2. Left on bases— Los An
reles 9. San Francisco 5." Struck out — By Jones
t. by Whalen L by Krug 2. Hit by pitcher— By
Whalen, Spies, C. Reilly; by Krug, Spies.
Double play— C. Reilly to Hutchlnson. Time
cf game— 1:35. Umpire— Hardie, . -
ties Angeles 02003000 •— 5
Base hits 11113110 •— »
6an Francisco 00000102 1 — (
Base hits 01100213 1—9
Totals 32 4 9 0 24 14 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Nordyke. c f „. 3 110 0 0 0
¦Wilson, c 4 12 0 4 3 1
Pabst. lb 4 0 0 0 8 0 1
Sehwartr. r. f. & 2b. 4 0 2 0 3 0 1
Hildrbrand, I. f...... 3 0 10 3 0 0
Ehay. s. e 4 10 0 5 4 0
Krug, 2b & p 4 0 1 0 1 4 '0
J. Kei'.ly. Sb... 4 1 0 0 0 2 1
Whalen. p 10 10 0 10
Crockhcff, r. f 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Totals ..31 5 9 4 27 13 S
SAX FRANCISCO.
' . „ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Reiti, tb 4 0 0 0 2 4 1
Hutchlnscn. lb 4 1 2 0 11 1 0
Atherton. r. f 3 1112 0 0
Householder, c. f 4 1 1 0 3 0 2
C Reilly. 3b 3 0 1 0 3 2 .1
Kowroan. L f 3 1 l l l o 0
Kelly, s. s 4 0 112 6 1
Spies, c 2 1113 3 0
Jones, p 4 0 10 0 0 0
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 8.— Whalen was
taken out of the box after being ' hit
freely in the fifth inning and Krug took
his place. San Francisco had a chance
to tic the score In the last Inning, Oaut
Krug went to sleep off first and the side
was retired. Score:
Lcs Angeles Again.
The men's consolation singles tourna
ment will be played this morning. This
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock' the challenge
match of the men's singles tournament,
the most important of all the matches,
will be played. The contestants will \ be
Champion George Whitney and Alfonso
Bell, the tournament winner. ''-.¦>
This leaves Miss May Sutton and- Miss
Seymour and the Misses Florence and
Ethel Suttoh to play in ..the finals this
morning. The latter will allow Mjss Sut
ton and Miss Seymour odds of half-fifteen.
In the next match the Misses Florence
and Ethel Sutton, being much stronger
than the other teams, allowed Miss Hoff
man and Miss Violet Sutton odds of half
fifteen. The handicap proved to be much
too small as the Suttons won in straight
sets. The score was 6-1, 6-1, 6-3.
Miss Hall was unable to play and aa. this
left Ethel Sutton without a partner it' was
decided that the losers— Mrs. Seymour
and Florence Sutton — should draw lots to
see who would be Ethel's partner.
The first match was between May Sut
ton and Miss Seymour and Florence Sut
ton and Mrs. Seymour.'- After playing the
full five sets victory finally .went to the
former team. The score was 7-5, 4-6. 6-4,
6-8, 7-5. The match was exceedingly close
and the outcome in doubt until the. finish.
The invitation 'doubles tournament for
women, held yesterday at San Rafael,
was a novel affair. The four teams were
composed of May Sutton. and Miss Sey
mour, Violet Sutton and Alice Hoffman,
Ethel' Sutton and Miriam Hall and Flor
ence Sutton and Mrs. Seymour. The main
idea was to have the teams as evenly
matched . as i possible. Two silver . loving
cups were offered by Colonel Seymour
and R. V. Halton' as prizes. '¦'¦..
Composite Teams Turn Out Some
Novel Tennis at the San
Rafael Courts.
Runs responsible for— Hoffer 2, Devereaux 2.
Home run— Babbitt. Two-base hits— Hansen.
Francks. Sacrifice hit— Mohler. First base on
errors — Sacramento 3. Oakland 3. ¦' First base
on called balls— Off Hoffer 4,. off Devereaux .1,
off Schmidt 5. Left on bases— Sacramento 12,
Oakland 7. Struck out— By Devereaux 4, by
Schmidt 3. Wild pitch— Hoffer. Time of game
—1:50. Umpire— Rube Levy. Official scorer—
McFarlln.
SUMMARY.
Base hits 0 1 0 0 0 12 02—6
Oakland .....5 4 0 0 0 0 2 1- •— 12
Base hits 14 1 1112 1 •— 12
Sacramento 0 0 0 0.0.0 0 0,0— 0
Totals,. 36 12 12 ' 3 27 16 3
RUNS AND HITS BY. INNINGS. '
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, 3b 4 2 10 12 1
Mohler. 2b 4 1 1 0 4 2 1
Streib, rf... 5 0 1 0 0 0 0
Eagan, lb 4 3 1 2 11 l < 0
Drennan. cf 3 2 1 12 1 0
Francks. s. s 3 1 2.02 4 l
Arrellanes, If 6 2 3 0 2"0 0
Hansen, c 4 110 5 1 0
Schmidt, p 4 0 10 0 5 0
Totals 34 0 6 1 24 8 6
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss. & p.. 4 0 2 0 2 2 0
McLaushlln. If 4 0 2 1 0 0 0
Courtney, 2b 5 0 0 0 7 1 0
Doyle, rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Sheehan. 3b >3 0 0 0 2 1 1
Stanley, c 4 0 2 0 4 3 1
McGucken. cf . 4 0 0 0 3 0/0
Ashenbach, lb ...... 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Hoffer, p 0 0' 0 0 0 0 1
Hanlon, s. a 2 0 0 0 1 1 3
Schmidt, Ewing's new twirler, was in
troduced, and he pitched good ball, par
ticularly in the early part of the game.
Senatorial errors were too abundant to
track. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
The morning game at Oakland was un
like all the others of the series, the Dudes
hammering a brace of Senatorial pitchers
to a glorious finish. Hotter was hit so
hard in the early part of the game that
he was removed and Devereaux took his
place, Hanlon being called in for the short
position.
Oakland 12, ! Sacramento 0.
MORNING GAME.
Runs responsible for— Johnson 3. Three-base
hit— Mohler. Two-base hits— Courtney, Doyle.
Sacrifice hits— McLaughlin, Sheehan, Stanley.
First base on errors— Sacramento 2, Oakland 4.
First base on called balls — Sacramento 5, Oak
land 1. Left on bases — Sacramento 7, Oakland
7. Struck out— By McNeely 3. by Johnson 1.
Double plays— Mohler to Francka to Eagan (2).
Time of game— 1:40. Umpire— Levy. Official
scorer — McFarlln.
SUMMARY.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, s. s 3 2 112 6 2
McLaughlin, 1. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Courtney, 2b 4 0 2 0 14 0
Doyle, r. f 4 13 0 3 0 1
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 10 0 0 1
Stanley, c 3 0 10 4 0 0
McGucken. c. f 4 0 1 0 0.0 0
Ashenbach. lb 3 0 0 0 12 1 0
McXeely, p 3 0 0 0 12 0
Totals 30 3 9 1 27 13 4
, . OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.- E.
Babbitt, 3b 5 0 0 0 0 11
Mohler, 2b 4 110 2 7 0
Streib. r. f 4 0 10 1 0 0
Eagan. lb 4 0 1 0 13 1 1
Drennan, c. t 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Francks, s. s 4 0 1 0 '4 6 0
Arrellanes, 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Lohman, c 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Johnson, p 2 0 0 0 1 1 0
Moskiman 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 36 1 5 0 27 18 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1' 0 0 10 0 10 0 — 3
Base hits 1 112 1111 0—9
Oakland , 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 0—1
Base hits 1 0-4 0 0 3 0 1 0—5
The class stake was made up of cham
pions. Homer Boy beat Game Boy for
rinal honors. The run-down in this event
resulted in many upsets. Wedgewood
showed how poorly he can run when the
desire overtakes him. He looked on while
his opponent outworked him.
ORIGIN All ARRANGEMENT
OF INVITATION DOUBLES
Hickory Dick was the surprise of the
stake and will be heard from in the near
future. As a whole the event has brought
out a good lot of youngsters. The win
ner showed the requisite qualifications of
the successful courser, and great things
are expected of him. The stake was run
off satisfactorily. Judge Grace was up to
his usual form, and Jim Grace acquitted
himself splendidly in slipping the lot of
comparatively green youngsters without
a mishap.
Sir Pitt looked a strong aspirant for
final honors at one time, but with 5 to 1
on his chances was retired by Partial
Eclipse.
Freeze Out was not expected to get
through the stake, being rated a good
one, but physically unfitted to run up to
her reputation. Her defeat of Tame Tra
lee in the fourth gave her backers a
faint hope, but the hope was dissipated,
when In the next round she got an unde
cided with Hickory Dick, and in the run
off lost to him.
COLD SHIVERS, the strongest and
best of the For Freedom-Ama
rosa litter, won first honors in
the big Futurity stake at Union
Coursing Park yesterday, beating
George Nethercott's Rochester-Little
Wondersnippy'in as pretty a final as has
been seen on the grounds in many days.
The entire stake, for that matter, was of
the higher order and was productive of
many courses of the kind in which the
winner can be called only after the last
point Is made.
George Malcolm's Aeolus, though being
retired from the game in the fourth
round, earned a reputation as a brilliant
' young courser. .- Aeolus had- a strong fol
lowing that look*ed upon him as the most
likely candidate. His first course in yes
terday's finals was deemed a gift and the
dope-mixers figured a quick trial. An
athletic hare, however, made things look
dark and gloomy for those who had
chosen the fast youngster for their choice.
Not that the course was at any time in
danger of being lost, for Aeolus had dem
onstrated his superiority over his oppo
nent in a. very -decided manner, but the
hare was determined, too, and before it
was dispatched it set the favored hound
a long and killing trip. In the very next
course the unfortunate hound had a rep
etition of the chance-destroying worn,
and in the following go fell a victim, as
was expected, to Cold Shivers.
In the seventh the Senators 'scored
again, making the board read 3-1. Score:
Mohler opened the Dudes' end of it in
the sixth by rapping out a pretty . three
bagger to far-away left. Streib, whose
counterpart in face and figure Mohler is,
did not help the new man in any way by
dying a sudden death. But "Truck"
Eagan did. He hit to Devereaux, who
errored, and Mohler stamped upon the
rubber. Then Drennan hit, as did Francks,
and the bags were filled, with only one
man out and Arrellanes at the bat. He
hit a short one which only served to end
Eagan's "career as he rushed toward the
plate, but left the bags filled again. Loh
man then flew to McLaughlin and Dude
hopes died.
Sacramento won the game yesterday af
ternoon not because the Senators pounced
down upon "Youngey" Johnson, but be
cause Oakland was unable to take ad
vantage of good opportunities in the sixth
Inning, when the only bunching of hits
off McNeely marred an otherwise perfect
piece of slab work. At this time the Sen
ators had worked two men over the plate,
one in the first and one in the fourth
inning.
The tailenders have at last reached a
measure of baseball excellence. "With
Mohler in Arrellanes' place the team
seems strengthened beyond its original
self. And this man Mohler knows the
game and how to play it. He has won the
popular favor by clean, fast baseball, and
his record in the few games he has played
makes him deserving of the public's ap
proval.
at Recreation grounds has been the most
remarkable since the season began. All
the matches except the Sunday morning
game at Oakland, resulted in close scores,
and out of the five games the Dudes
walked off the sand with four victories
to their credit.
Fifth race, for Vallejo road horses, best two
in three— H. C. Meyers' William McKinley,
G. IV. Bryant's Starr, Sam Sadler's Echo,
Thomas Smith's Wbatura. B. Shouse's Hat
Rack. V.'illirm Corcoran's Don L. •
Fourth race. Palace Hotel stakes, best two
in three— William Van Keuren's Mattie B. A*
Joserfcs' Durfee Me, Daniel E. Mizner's Sable
Le Grand. A. Jacobs' Eden Vale. James
O' Kane's £:indow. •
Third race, special match. J100 sweepstakes,
best three ia five— D. Roberts' Al Grexor. H.
H. Dunlap'c Kinz Candenza.
Second race, the Cuicello etakes. best two in
three— K. Gommet's Lafayett. James Curley's
Prince C, 13. Croner's Butcher Boy, C. E.
Park's Imp. Dan Lieginger'« Mack.
FirFt race, the Alpeltincer stakes, best two
In three — A. Schwartz's Trifle. H. B. Slocum's
Tempest. M. M. Donnelly's Pious, J. G. Cui
cellos A B P. John McDonald's Campaigner
Dan Lietringtr's Lady Rowena.
Following is a list of the entries:
President, E. H. Algeltlnger; first vice
president. Dr. I. B. Danziel; second
vlcft sresiaent. G. L. Swett; treasurer, E.
Ftewart: secretary. H. F. Patrick: directors—
F. W. Thompson, A. B. Spreckels. J. C. Kirk
ratrick. H. B. Slocum, L,. -Richardson anu
Ja— te O'Kane.
Judges— Fred G. Vetter. Ed Sachs and
G«orpe L. Dwell; starter. Thomas Smith; tim
ers—J. G. Chesley, U. E. Clawson and A. B.
Patrick: marshal. Dr. I. B. Danziel; racing
secretary, H. F. Patrick.
The recently elected officers of the
Driving Club are as follows:
Vallejo will be the scene of some inter
esting trotting and pacing races. At the
racetrack of that town this afternoon the
Golden Gate Park Driving • Association
will hold its annual fall racing matinee.
The Valiejo track was the nearest to this
city that could be secured by the associa
tion, yet a large crowd is expected to be
in attendance. Five races are pro
grammed. Three are for steeds owned by
members of the association, one for
horses owned about Vallejo and the fifth
a match race.
The p-er.tlemen who will preside at the
race meet are as follows:
Over at San Rafael the big tennis tour
nament will be terminated with the play
ing of the consolation singles in the r'ore
nuon.
The big bluerock shoot of the Empire
Gun CluD will be finished to-day at Ala
meda Point. Four events are scheduled
for the day— two merchandise and two
pool prizes.
The regatta will start at noon from a
line drawn from Powell-street wharf. .The
regatta will be sailed over the usual
course.
'J. here are twenty-four yachts entered
in the six classes, their assignment being
as follows:
Twenty-footers— Doris. Stella. Klttiwake.
Idler and Anita. Twenty-five-footers — Mocca
ein. I>ieeovery, Belle, Merope and May.
Special yawl class — Gyusie and Arcturus.
Thirty-footers— Aeolus, Presto, Truant, Mig
non, H^len and Siren.
Thirty-sis-footers— Emma. Edna, Jessie E.
Forty-four footers — Speedwell, Harpoon and
Clara.
Yachtsmen look forward to a great
race, especially between the 30-footers
Presto, Aeolus and Helen, for there is
great rivalry between the owners of these
yachts.
The yachtsmen are all prepared for the
big regatta on the bay for the Joseph
Macdonough and Herbert E. Law cups.
All the ciubs will participate, as the
event is to be held under the auspices of
the Pacific Interclub Yacht Association.
Out at Recreation Park the Oakland
and Sacramento teams will play the last
of the series of six games, while the
coursing men will visit Union Park to see
the Futurity decided. Sixty of the best
young greyhounds In America will race
for a 52oU0 purse, and the Interstate Club
promises that it will be one of the most
interesting contests ever decided in this
country.
ing, tennis and golf will be the principal
sports indulged in and patronized by this
sport-loving- community.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;, CAL.L, :\MONDAY, SJC±"rJSM±5KK V, .V i»6iJ
Out a Great Lot of Young Coursers— Aeolus, the Stake Favorite, Is
Given Two Severe and Punishing Trials, Which Destroy His Chances
The Running of the Finals of the Classic Event at Union Park Brings
COLD SHIVERS WINS FIRST HONORS
IN THE RICH COURSING FUTURITY
The last series between Oakland and
Sacramento finished yesterday afternoon
Sacramento 3, Oakland 1.
Mohler Plays Star Game in
Contest at Recreation
Grounds.
Win Pour Out of Pres
ent Series With
Senators.
DUDES DIVIDE
SUNDAY GAMES
The first day of the big open shoot of
the Empire Gun Club at Alameda Point
brought out § very large attendance -**
8
WINCHESTER REPEATING VrMSCoI 'ffsS^'Mrs. Al Jacobs and Miss Lizzie Jacobs,
the only children of the honored couple,
assisted In receiving and providing every
hospitality' for the visitors. During the
afternoon an informal programme of mu
sical and literary numbers was given.
Miss Esther Nathan of Sacramento ren
dered a piano solo, Miss Celia Jacobs of
San Francisco recited, Mrs. Al Jacobs
was heard In a vocal selection and Miss
Nettle Israel of this city entertained with
several instrumental selections. At 6
o'clock dinner was served, at which thirty
relatives of the Jacobs family sat down.
In harmony with the golden occasion,
the house decorations were of that hue.
Yellow coreopsis, with huckleberry, as a
background, ornamented the parlors,
halls and reception-room.
From 2 to 5 o'clock a reception was
held. Callers were present from Sacra
mento, San Francisco, Oakland and other
cities. All of them wished Mr. and Mrs.
Jacobs "many happy returns of the day."
The venerable host and hostess' greeted
every guest with a cordial, word and a
warm clasp of the hand and entered into
the spirit of the anniversary with the
zest and enthusiasm of a bridal pair. : • ;
afternoon the golden anniversary;
of that happy occasion was joyfully ob
served by that now aged but hale couple
and their many relatives and friends In
the pretty cottage home of the Jacobses
at 1319 Pacific avenue.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 8.-Fifty years
ago to-day the wedding of Mr.
and Mrs. N. M. Jacobs was cele
brated in New York City, j This
AGED COUPLE "WHO BECAME RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA IN ¦ THE
EARLY DATS AND "WHO YESTERDAY CELEBRATED THEIR GOLD
EN WEDDING, SURROUNDED BY FRIENDS RELATIVES. ,
GALVESTON, Tex., Sept. 8.— The first
anniversary of the great storm was ap
served In Galveston to-day with services
on the beach at the foot of Broadway.
Special memorial services were held in all
the churches this morning, and to-night
a union service was held at the first Pres
byterian Church, In which all the Protest
ant congregations too^ part. The Knight3
of Pythias held a special memorial ser
vice this afternoon. The laying of the
cornerstone of St. Mary's Orphanage, to
replace the asylum destroyed by* the storm
a year agOi took place this afternoon.
Anniversary of Galveston's Flood.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 8.— The report from
McKeesport to-night is that the official
announcement that the National Tube
"Works will be started in the morning at
7 • o'clock • has aroused the strikers to a
high pitch of excitement.- All night long
crowds have been on the streets and
around the mill. The strikers assert that
they have 2000 pickets on duty and say
more will be called If necessary to prevent
any more non-unionists entering the mills.
The company claims to have 1000 men
ready for the start.
Strikers May Cause Trouble.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. S.— A mob
formed at Booneville, ,to-night to lynch
Buck "Wheeler, arrested last night for
killing his son-in-law. Ellas Burns. Sher
iff Hudson of "Warrick County telegraphed
Governor Durbin for a militia company
to protect the prisoner, but before the
Governor, who was in Anderson, could be
reached, the mob had entered -the town.
The Sheriff then appealed to the citizens
of Booneville, who responded, heavily
armed, and escorted the authorities with
their prisoner to the train where a coach
was boarded and "Wheeler taken safely
to Evansville. In the. meantime the mob
dispersed. *>* »v
Foiled by the Active
Sheriff.
Attempt Made to Lynch a Man
MOB IS DISPEBSED
BY ARMED CITIZENS
Memorial services for the late Rev. J.
M. Buehler of St. Paul's Luth
eran Church of San Francisco were held
to-day at Zion's German Lutheran
Church, the Rev. J. H. Theiss officiating.
The Rev. E. Graham and the Rev.
James M. MeDonald conducted worship
to-day at Centennial Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. Mr. Copeland of Burley,
"Wash., gave an address to-day before the
College of Religion I and Ethics at the
First Unitarian Church on "The Co
operative Brotherhood," of which' he is
president. •'
President Joseph Smith of the Reorgan
ized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints conducted services to-day at the
camp meeting at Bushrod Park.
The Oakland Presbytery will meet Mon
day evening at Centennial Presbyterian
Church.
The Rev. Euclid McWhorter of Alameda
and Chaplain Scott. U. S. A., conducted
services to-day at Asbury Methodist
Church South.
"The Psychology of Religion" is the
subject of a series of sermons being given
at the First Presbyterian Church on Sun
day mornings by the Rev. Ernest E.
Baker.
The Rev. T. B. Neely, D.D., LL.D., of
Philadelphia, occupied the pulpit this
morning at the First Methodist Church.
OAKLAND, Sept. 8.— The Rev. H. J.
Vosburgh, pastor of the First Baptist
Church, has commenced a series of dis
courses on the "Characteristics of the
Church." The topic this morning was
"The Living Church." The succeeding
subjects will be "The Loyal Church,"
"The Loving Church" and "The Liberal
Church." i
Sanctuaries in the East
side City.
Special Notes From Pulpits of the
SUNDAY AMONG THE
CHTJBCHES OF OAKLAND
The force at Point Aux Barques, Mich.,
reports the stranding of the schooner An
drew Jackson, from Alpena for Port Hu
ron, two and a half miles east of Point
Aux Barques, at 8 p. m. yesterday. The
crew of seven was saved, by the life-sav
ing station crew.
A message from Harbor Beach, Mich.,
reports the stranding of the schooner
John Wesley, southbound from Port Hu
ron to Alpena; with a crew of eight, one
and a half miles south of Harbor Beach
life-saving station at 5 p. m. yesterday.
All on board were saved by the life-sav
ing crew. The same dispatch reports the
rescue of a crew of five persons from the
schooner Vienna of . Clarksville, Canada,
which Was stranded at 4 o'clock this
morning about a mile from Harbor Beach
life-savins station.
The first of the dispatches came from
Port Huron and says that last night the
schooner Pauley, with a crew of twelve;
the schooner Amaranth, with a crew of
seven; the schooner Paige, with a crew
of ten, and the schooner Sarnia, with a
crew of eight, stranded about three miles
south of Port Huron life-saving station
and that all the seamen were rescued by
the life-saving service. The dispatch adds
that the steamer Quito also stranded, but
released herself, and that no lives were
lost.
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.— Dispatches re
ceived by the life-saving service to-day
indicate that a very serious storm raged
yesterday and last night on Lake Huron.
These dispatches report a number of dis
asters to lake craft and show that fifty-six
seamen were rescued at different life
saving stations on the lakes.
Many Vessels Stranded
but Fortunately No
Lives Are Lost.
is expected that similar clubs will be or
ganized in other parts of Alameda Coun-
There was an address by T. E. Zant.
who is a member of the Labor party that
is now in convention in San Francisco.
Adjournment was taken until next Sun
day, when officers will be elected and or
ganization perrected in Judge Qulnn's
courtroom.
A special committee was appointed, con
sisting of H. \V. Downing. G. K. Smith.
T. T. Frickstad. J. E. Holmes and P. B.
Preble, to draft resolutions upon the at
tempted assasination of the President.
They reported JLho following:
Since our last -meetlntr we learn -with pro
found sorrow of the attempted assasstnatton
of cur chief executive. President William Mc-
Kinley: therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the Union Labor party
of Alameda County, State of California, assem
bled, do hereby express our unbounded sorrow
for our President, William McKinley. and his
devoted wife: and be It further . "
Resolved. That we are unalterably opposed
to the harboring 1 within our borders any mala
or female not loyal to the Government of ths
United States of America: and be It further
Resolved, That we favor the enactment of
euch Federal laws a3 will make the promoting
or the attemnt to promote any secret society
that has for Its purpose assassination and
deeds of personal violence against the chief ex
, ecutive high treason. • ¦ -
FACULTY GIVES
F1SHER CONTROL
Decides That Arbitration
Is Impossible in the
Nourse Matter.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept 8.—
The faculty committee has decided that
arbitration in the case of John T. Nourse.
; the treasurer of the student body, is Im
possible. They have given to Ralph S.
Fisher, captain of the varsity football
team, complete control over the ath
letic interests, virtually making him, dic
tator of athletics. Captain Fisher was
officially Informed of the decision of the
faculty committee by the following let
ter which was given out for publication,
this afternoon:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 7. 1901.—
Mr. Ralph S. Fisher, Stanford University— Dear ,
Sir: In 'View of the situation set forth in a let
ter to the president of the Associated Students,
and in a resolution of the executive committee* -
in response thereto, copies of which are at
tached to thia, you are hereby instructed bjr
the committee on student affairs to assume tna
management of the athletic Interests of tha .
university, to control the collection and dis
bursement of funds and to -take charge of tb«
property of the Associated Students.
In the, exercise of the power conferred you
are to be independent of control of the officers
of the Associated Students, until Instructed to
1 relinquish authority to a properly qualified
treasurer. •.
It is understood that in athletic matters yon
are to act under the direction of the faculty
committee on athletics. R. I* GREEN.
Chairman Committee on Student Affairs.
..The letter to the president of the As
sociated Students mentioned in the abovo
letter was published in The Call yester
day. The resolution of the executive com
mittee of the Associated Students in re
sponse thereto is as follows:
Resolved, That the executive committee In
executive session deplores the fact that there
has been a misunderstanding between tha offl- -
cers of the Associated Students and the commit
tee of student affairs, but after due considera
tion it deems it unwise to take any action in
the matter of student body treasurer, believing 1
that, so far as the students are concerned. Mr.
Nourse holds his position legitimately, and that
any further action on Its part would be In ex
cess of its authority.
M. F. McCORMICK. President.
C. De W. SCOTT. Vice President.
W. R. HAMILTON. Secretary.
E. "W. RICE, '02.
P. P. PARKER. '03.
R. J. McFADDEN« '04.
Nourse declines to state what action he
will take in the matter, but affirms hls»
intention of continuing in the exercise of
his duties as treasurer.
It Is understood that the money of the
Associated Students; which is In the Bank
of Palo Alto, has been placed beyond
Nourse's control by faculty action. It is
possible that this may call forth legal
action on the part of the treasurer. Ex
citing developments along this line are
expected to-morrow. There may, how
ever, be no direct legal clash until the
first campus game occurs, at which timo
money as gate receipts will be. collected,
and the faculty committee has authorized
Captain Fisher "to control the collection
and disbursement of funds." "What lha
outcome will be in event of both Treas
urer Nourse and Captain Fisher attempt
ins to take the gate money is difficult to
foretell.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
• CHICAGO, SeDt. S.— The local • team won a :
brilliant same from Boston to-day by a sen
sational finish. Attendance, 19,800. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 4 9 3
Boston S 19 1
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; Young and
Criger. •
MILWAUKEE. Sect. S.— Milwaukee and
"Washington played a double-header to-day,
each club winning one game. Both games
were played in a drizzllnsr rain. Attendance.
2800. - Score— First game:
R. H. E.
Milwaukee « 10 >''t
Washington 4 7 1
Batteries— Hustings and Maloney; Carrlck
and Clark.
Second game— R. H. E.
Milwaukee 4 9 4
Washington 7 10 2
Batterie*— Reldy and Maloney; Patten and
Clarke.
DETROIT. Sept. 8.— The local team won this
afternoon's game In the eighth Inning with
fouf successive singles, followed by Gleason's
two-bagger. Kelster"s hitttng was the feature.
Attendance, 4000. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore S 9 5
Detroit 8 9 3
Batteries— Xops and Bresnahan; Cronla and
McAlister. N
Outside Games.
HOLLISTER, Sept 8.— Hollister 13,
Amlgos 3. Batteries— Mills and Griffin,
Smith and Nichols.
ANTIOCH. Sept. 8.— The undefeated
Maccabees of Antiocn won from the Mar
tinez nine by a score of 13 to 8.-
SAN JOSE, Sept. 8.-The Navajo tribo
baseball team defeated the Ahwashte
tribe in a contest this afternoon on tha
Santa Clara College campus by a score of
42 to 8.
NEWCASTLE, Sept 8.— The Dan P.
Carters defeated the Kewcastles by a -
score of 19 to 14.
PETALUMA, Sept. 8.— The Petaluma
baseball team defeated the Santa Rosa
team here to-day in the best played gams
of the season by a score of 4 to 3.
Highwayman Shoots at Stage Driver.
LAKEVIEW, Or., Sept 8.-A lone high
wayman attempted to hold up the Ager-
Lakevlew stage about thirty miles west
of here at midnight last night. The driver
refused to halt and the robber shot at him
five times, but all the shots missed their
mark. There were three lady passengers
aboard the* stage.
TERRIFIC STORM
ON LAKE HURON
The constitution and by-laws are mod
eled upon* the general organizing laws- of
the unions, and provide for the usual of
ficers and • for certain .membership quali
fications. To become a member of one of
the clubs of the Union Labor party a man
must be a citizen of the United States and
must be affiliated with some labor union.
This was done in order to prevent any
but union men from controlling the clubs.
There being no approaching election in
Alameda County this is only a club or
ganization to be maintained . until next
year, when it Is proposed to take part in
the general State elefeilon. Meanwhile it
Meetings have been held every Sunday
for several weeks In order to accomplish
an organization, but nothing could be
done until a constitution and by-laws had
been drawn up under which to work. That
was finally accomplished to-day.
and then passed resolutions de
claring in favor of making the promotion
of any secret society for the purpose of
attack upon the President of the United
States high treason.
OAKLAND. Sept. 8.— The Union La
bor party of the State of Califor
nia finally .accomplished the or
ganization of its first club to-day,
Union Labor Party Declares Promotion of Any
Society for the Purpose of Violence Against
the President Should Be Made High Treason
ADOPTS RESOLUTIONS LOOKING
TOWARD THROTTLING OF ANARCHY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1901.
9
Pottery Clay Found.
TESLA, Sept. 8.— In one of the tunnels
of the Tesla coal mine a very fine grade
of pottery clay has been found. An order
1 for several carloads of the product for
J 5 he pottery, in Stockton has already been
\ylcced, .-'•*;'
BERKELEY. Sept. 8.— The dee Club
has elected the following named officers*
President, W. B. Bundschu, '03; vice pres
ident, G. C Davis. '03; secretary, Charles
Burger, '04; treasurer. W. A. Powell. The
director will be appointed by the execu
tive committee of, the Associated Stu
dents. ,
Glee Club Elects Officers.
HAYWARDS, Sept. 8.— The Ladles' Aid
Society of the Congregational church has
appotnted the following named ladies to
take charge of the various departments
of the bazaar to be given during the lat
ter part of this month:. .
Fancy table— Misses Kimball and Wllpert
Mrs. H. Kennard. "
Remembrance table — Mesdames Warren, W1I
bert, Brownell. Johnson and Madison
Useful articles— Mesdames Hamer, Llnekln
Newbold and Grindell. \ • '
Candy— Mesdames Owen, Hoyt and Temple
ton.
Flowers— Mrs. W. Llnekin, Miss Florence
Llnekin.
Committees for the Bazaar.
Reese was brought to Haywards to
night and -Is under the care of Dr. Rey
nolds. .
Charles Reese and Charles Allen left
for the Calaveras canyon, where many
deer have been seen lately, on Saturday
night with a wagon. They left , their
wagon and were working their way over
the hillside when they came to a fence.
Allen went over first, and Reese handed
his rifle to Allen while he climbed over.
In B.ome way the rifle was discharged,
the bullet striking Reese in the upper
part of the left arm and coming out at
the shoulder, striking -the bone, but not
shattering it. He had to walk a mile and
a half until they reached their wagon,
and was then driven by Allen to Milpitas,
where a doctor dressed the wound.
HATWARDS, Sept. 8.— Charles Reese of
this place was shot accidentally while
hunting for deer in the Calaveras can
yan back of Sunol to-day. The wound Is
serious, but not necessarily fatal. '
With a Serious Accident
in the Hills.
Charles Reese of Hay-wards Meets
SHOT WITH HIS OWN
RIFLE WHILE HUNTING
Prays for McKinley's Recovery.
HAYWARDS, Sept. 8.— Special prayers
were said at mass to-day by the Rev.
Father Lally of All Saints' Church for
the recovery of the President
Rev. John Bakewell Delivers Sermon
on the Cloud That Overshadows
the Nation.
The Rev. John Bakewell, rector of Trin
ity Church, gave a sermon upon the topic,
"The Cloud That Overshadows the Na
tion." Dr. Bakewell directed special at
tention to the dangers of anarchy and
lawlessness exemplified in the murderous
assault upon the President.
CALLS ATTENTION TO
DANGERS OF ANAB.CHY
the Worst of It.
OAKLAND. Sept. 8.— The baseball team
from the Bohemians of America again
proved themselves champions by defeat
ing the Dewey Theater nine by a score
of 8 to 2. The game was a fast one frorii
Ftart to finish. The Dewey team put
Ru=sell the former pitcher for the Oak
land nine of the California League into
the box. but the Bohemians landed on
«.Kussell's curves harder than any Cali
fornia League team ever did. Fiege, the
Ditcher for the Bohemians, picked three
hits, and Bill Ward, the first baseman
for the lodge team, got a double and
three singles. Flege and Callahan. the
batten' for the Bohemians, again proved
that they could do as nice battery work
!lS is done inside or outside of a pro
fessional league.
When it came to the selection of an
umpire there was much debate as to what
should be done. There seemed. to be some
objection to nearly every one who was
f-usreested. At last Manager Char.es lvonl
of the Bohemians said he would Uke;-t-»
have Landers Stevens, the manager of the
;, ewcy Theater, to act in that capacity.
That was a bombshell in the Dewey camp,
and they took their own manager for
umpire. The Dewey team lost and now
they are blaming it all on the «™"
Dire They say that they did not dare
Kick" at his decisions, and that he gave
his own tear* the worst of it. Stevens
appeared on the field with the star of a
Deputy Sheriff and two "guns in his
sockets in full view. He saio. . that he
vas going to have his decisions respected
or know the reason why.
Next Eunday the Bohemians will play.
a team from the Oakland Lodge of Elks.
The game will be called at noonetime
promptly. There is great Interest in this
game, for the Elks have never been de
feated except by a team from the Los
Angeles lodge of the same order, and the
Bohemiars have never met defeat.
The Deweys Say That Manager Ste
vens as Umpire Gave Them
BOHEMIANS DEFEAT THE
DEWEYS AT BASEBALL
"Present Day Xihilists" was the subject
of the Rev. Ernest E. Baker's sermon at
the First Presbyterian Church. Dr.
Baker said:
The late Benjamin Disraeli was wont to say
'the unexpected always happens." The truth
of this dictum is Ftrikingly illustrated In the
attempted assassination of the President. The
civilized world has been shocked by the sad
news and waits with us in anxiety for the final
1fsu». Hoping against hope we unite in the uni
versal prayer for the President's recovery and
Fj>eedy restoration to family, friends and peo
jile. Heartsick we address ourselves to the in
quiry. "Why was this deed of wanton cruelty
done?" With peace and prosperity at home
and like conditions prevailing in our foreign re
lations it cannot be charged to politics, national
tir international.
If we are correctly informed the would-be
murderer seeks to extenuate his crime by con
struing Mr. McKinley into the representative of
capital. Never was greater mistake made in
ttie man or the office. The President is per
force President of all the people and not of any
class however influential. And those who know
( ihe man need no assurance that hie first con
cern is the welfare of the American citizen,
however humble.
Personally 1 do not think we can -attribute
this terrible deed to the struggle now on be-
tween capital and labor. It is to be remem
bered that the labor problem is as old as time
and as universal as man. It is not confined to
any one race or country or form of government.
Its weapons are not powder and dynamite.
These are the peculiar property of those ene
mies of organized society called anarchists, ni
hilists and revolutionary eocialists. In all
countries and under all governments a group
of persons, men and women car be found whose
quarrel is with government in the abstract as
well as in the concrete. AH forms of govern
ment are equally oppressive in their eyes and
to be destroyed. Hence their resort to violence
in Russia, Italy. France and America.
The lesson of this national tragedy Is that
liberty is not to be confounded with license;
republican government is not to be confounded
with the shout of popular anarchy; freedom is
Heartsick, He Says, We Ask Our
selves Why Was This Deed of
Wanton Cruelty Done.
REV. ERNEST E. BAKER
SPEAKS ON NIHILISTS
In our present national calamity
ive see tbe wording forces that are
aiming- to destroy the social fabric
—evil men incited to deeds of vio
lence by a violent and unscrupulous
press.
In the midst of one of the most prosperous
epochs In this country's history one of the
noblest rulers this people has ever had lies
close to death by an assassin's hand. Perhaps
this very calamity is a call of God to awaken
the American people to their senses. I question
If our unparalleled prosperity has brought us
nearer Gcd. Many signs seem to indicate wo
are a pleasure-loving people: Perhaps the
present crisis may serve to emphasize the
need of the religious element which alone can
give a permanent basis cf national strength.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 8.— Dr. T. J. Lacey,
speaking upon the nation's calamity at
Christ Episcopal Church this morning,
said that a violent and unscrupulous press
Is an element In the forces that are help
ing to destroy the social fabric. Men, he
said, are incited to misdeeds through its
evil influence. Dr. Lacey's sermon was
upon the aims of the approaching Epis
copal convention, which "He will describe
in two Sunday morning sermons, the ref
erence to Mr. McKinley being a diverg
ence. He said on this subject:
It were Indeed a grave omission if some ref
erences were not made in this sacred place to
the great sorrow which overshadows the na
tion. The church represented by this con
vention stands for the forces that upbuild so
ciety.
Upon the Episcopal Conven
tion and the President.
Rev. T. J. _acey of Alameda Preaches
MEN ARE MADE EVIL
BY VIOLENT PRESS
¦ If there is a man living whose love for his
lellow-men should have protected him from
malice and murder, that man Is William Mc-
Kinley. Why should any one want to kill him?
He had nothing but what he had won by sheer
merit. He worked his way up from a country
home to college hall, from the ranks to the
ii:«4or's shoulder-straps in the service of hia
country, from private life to the House of Kep
1 epresentatlves. to the Governorship, to the
Presidency. He was not a despot who trampled
on the rights of the people; there was nothing
of the Caesar or the Czar in him. He had
•w-ronfred no man; he had defrauded no man; ho
had corrupted no man. But the day before the
bullet fped he had stood amid applauding thou
sands and uttered polden words of lofty states
manship that added £lory to the American
name all around . the world. McKinley was
ehot down eolely "because he was the embodi
ment of law, order and authority.
But let us not lay upon the avowed anarchist
the entire responsibility for the growth of the
spirit of lawlessness. He Is not the only ai -
archist who Is one outwardlv. Certain social
conditions invite while they do not excuse
gross crimes. He who refuses to subordinate
his liberty, which is often but another name
f.»r his selfishness, to the welfare of 6ociety and
th«> lau- of God Is scarcely in a position to
;udge those who carry his Ioje-Ic a. few steps
farther, and set aside aJl authority us tyran
nical, know no liberty save license, imperil
vested rights, disregard the sacredness of con
tracts, make the marriage vow a. rope of sand
and place a low value on life itself when It
BttSU in the way of selfish ends. They are
p.r.archists v.-ho take the law into their own
hands, set aside certain statutes because a lax
rublic sentiment permits it; judge* and Juries
often requiring more evidence to convict a man
• f illegal liquor srl'ing than they would re
quire in a murder case; the frequent lynchings
< I y those whose unwillingness to seek redress
by du*» process of law, causes more Injury than
thp crimes they se>>k to avengre; the substitu
tion of violent meayurps for lawful agitation
!n the strife between labor and capital, and th«-
M less anarchistic spirit which prompts capi
talists and corjx>rations to dominate courts
«nd legislatures for stlfish ends, and to evade
the laws framed to protect society from, their
Freed.
Oh. iray th* prayers that are rising to-day
from the great cathedral and humble chapel,
finm Jewish synagogue End Roman Catholic
and Protestant church, from every home and
hearthstone in the land be answered!
Church, preached this evening, giving as
a. prelude to his doctrinal sermon an ad
dress upon the attempted murder. Dr.
Dille said:
Embodiment of _*rw, Order
and Authority.
Before a large congregation the Rev.
E. R. Dille, pastor of the First Methodist
Says He Was Shot Because He Was
It is manifestly the duty of every citizen
of the United States who loves liberty and fol
lows truth and justice by the lights of reason
and religion to constitute himself a committee
of one as a sentinel "with eternal vigilance"
to hunt down anarchists and such like ene
mies of real liberty, truth and freedom.
And that the voice of sorrow, commingled
with sympathy and condemnation, was heard
In the fnited States from the remotest cor
ners of the inhabitable world is a good sign
if not a positive proof that God's divine order
in society will prevail and anarchy and such
like will go down where such damnable ideas
were conceived in the hell of the powers of
darkness.
The mind that plots to nullify the effect of
the President's power and office, much less to
take away his life, can aspire to no higher
place In the scale of principle and purity than
the mind of Satan, who sought to dethrone
his God and was satiated only in the eternal
ruin and destruction of the angels. No won
der on last Friday that the world was con
vulsed at the reports of the attempt to mur
der the President of the United States, for na
ture itself must have shuddered at the shock.
The Government of our country Is a eacred
and divine institution. Such Government le
necessary for the preservation of right order
In society, and right order in society is legisla
tion of the divine mind ot God in the exercise
of his act of wisdom as well as omnipotence In
the creation of humanity Into a rational and
responsible spirit like unto himself.
The President might be called the chairman
of the caretakers of society. As such he holds
a place of power and responsibility which
comes to him from God, who Is the source of
all power.
At mass to-day there were special pray
ers said by the congregation of St..rat
rick's Church, led by the pastor, the Rev.
J. B. McNally. During- the sermon this
evening- the pastor grave a learned dis
course upon the "Ethics of Government
and the Governed." He referred to the
shooting of the President in the follow
ing words:
Discourse Upon the Ethics of
Government.
Eev. J. B. McNally Gives Learned
REV. DR. DILLE PAYS
TRIBUTE TO McKINLEY
SPECIAL PRAYERS AT
ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH
not to be eonfounflea with freedom to do w rons
unpunished. Unfortunately there Is no ade
quate punishment for such a traitorous attempt
on the life of the President. Under the cover
of the reception in his honor, with the proffered
hand of friendship, it seems Incredible that he
could eo basely take the life of ao great and
Eood a man who had done him no wrong:. Let
his name be forever linked with those of Judas,
Benedict Arnold, Booth and Gulteau.
OAKLAND. Sept. 8.— Among the
pastors of Oakland there were
many who offered up prayers to
day from pulpit and altar for the
recovery of the President of the
T'r.lted States. In several churches the
e hooting was the subject of discourse,
strong, earnest words being uttered upon
that topic
Declare Anarchism to Be the Cause Which Directly
Resulted in Turning Thoughts of the Criminal
Toward Assassination of McKinley at Buffalo
PASTORS CONDEMN THE COWARDLY
ATTEMPT TO MURDER PRESIDENT
Virginians are nicknamed "Beadles,"
frcm a colonial functionary.
OAKLAND." Sept. 8.— Memorial services
for the late Ray McCargar, who died 1 in
Mexico, were held to-day at the Chester
street Methodist Church. The Rev. M. H.
Alexander, the -Rev. J. E. Wright and W.
S.: Angwin took part in the exercises.
During the Spanish war the young, man
was in the regular army. , .
Memorial Services Are Held.
OAKLAND, Sept. 8.— For. the benefit of
the Seamen's Rest teams from the Berke
ley and the Alameda County Christian
Endeavor unions will play baseball Mon
day afternoon at 2 o'clock on the campus
at the- university grounds, in Berkeley.
An admission • fee of 10 . cents ¦ will > be
charged. ¦ ¦
Endeavorers at Baseball.
OAKLAND, Sept. 8.— The hop picking
season has opened at Pleasanton. A thou
sand people, among them ' many strikers
from San Francisco, have gone into the
hop, fields to pick. A great tented camp
has been established near the fields and
there men, women and children have their
temporary homes during the 1 season. At
least 1400 peopie will be required to har
vest the yield this year. The ! work is
light and easy. "Children can without ef
fort pick hops, and many boys and girls
find this a pastime during the summer. •
the Army of Pickers at
. ', Pleasanton.
Many Men From San Francisco Join
STRIKERS AT WORK
IN THE HOP FIELDS
BERKELET, Sept. 8.— The Sports and
Pastimes Club of the University of Cali
fornia women students held its first meet
ing yesterday afternoon and outlined
work for the coming year. Tennis, boat
ing, basket-ball and archery will be at
tempted under competent direction. Miss
Stoer '01- is ex-offlcio president of the
Co-ed Athletic Association. Other officers
will be elected next Tuesday. The candi
dates are Misses G. Davidson and N. Hol
lenberg for treasurer and Miss R. T.
Moore for secretary.
The "Women's Feld Club Is planning . a
series of tramps to places of local inter
est. The first jaunt will take place to
morrow, the destination being Joaquin
Miller's home. . ¦ . ¦ . .
A remarkable falling off In the percent
age of women students Is reported by Re
corder Sutton, who has just completed
compiling the statistics of the new fresh
man class. The class of 1905 has 42 per
cent "co-eds," .which Is' 7 per cent less
than the number in the class of 1904. This
is all the more noteworthy when it is re
membered that this year's class Is fully
7 per cent larger than last year's. '. This
sudden decrease in ' the " attendance of
women students is unprecedented in the
history of the university. Heretofore the
women have entered in such numbers that
they threatened for a time to outnumber
.the men. The change is considered sig
nificant, though the causes are difficult to
determine. , . . ; ¦ . ...
It being early in the evening when the
fire broke out, few of the hotel occupants
were asleep, and the firemen . and police
had no : difficulty in alarming i every one
in the building.- All of the storekeepers
carry insurance, so the net loss will not
be very heavy. Baker / Martin suffers
most severely, as nothing was left of nls
business. ' . ..".
At 8:30 o'clock the department was
called to the Liberty bakery, 857 Wash
ington street, where a big pot of hot
grease had boiled over, setting the base
ment kitchen ablaze in an instant. The
bakers had barely time to escape before
the - place was a roaring furnace. The
fire worked upstairs into the hotel, and
smoke added to the damage. The firemen
saved the building by hard effort and the
flames were confined in greater part to
the bakery, but this was destroyed. -
Clem Martin, the owner, is absent from
the city and the amount of his insurance
was not available.. His loss will reach
$10,000. The fire worked Into Robert Vin
cent's butcher -shop, at 853 Washington
street. Smoke did much damage there,
as well as to Christensen &. Shaw's sa
loon, at 851 Washington street. * .
At the same number is C. E. Qiiigley's
cigar store, which was slightly damaged
by smoke. William Heyers' saloon, 859
Washington street, and his residence up
stairs were filled with smoke. . The hotel
building Is owned by A. Bocqueraz. His
loss will be $2000 for repairs. The proprie
tors Of the hotel are Henri Cammas and
Pierre ! Rouguet, who recently purchased
it for $3000. They carried $1500 insurance
on the furniture. Water ; and smoke
caused their loss, except where fire 'broke
through the ll walls '.from the .bakery
kitchen. .: ' A.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 8.
-The Oriental, block, on the northwest
corner of Seventh and Washington
streets, was threatened with destruction
by tire to-night, which worked $15,000
damage before it was checked. Two
alarms of fire were sounded.
Lady Students Are Alive
to Matters Ath
letic.
Smoke and Water Cause
Loss of More Than
$10,000.
The quarterly meeting includes the
regular monthly meetings of the Individ
ual congregations, and will be held in
September and March at Berkeley, and in
June ' and December in Jose. The con
vention named the 'following officers:
Clerk and presiding officer, Robert Root;
assistant clerk, Miss Sylvia Gregory;
treasurer, F. L. Nayior.
BERKELEY, Sept. 8.— Delegates from
the Quaker congregations in Berkeley,
San Jose and San Francisco met yester
day in . the . Friends' Church on Haste
street to organize the Berkeley Quarterly
Meeting of Friends. Besides the regular
representatives of the local churches,
there were Rev. John Riley and wife of
Cleveland, Ohio; Rev. Thomas Armstrong
of Long Beach, Miss Rebecca Smiley of
Maine; Rev. David Hadley of Whittier
and Rev. John Holley of Long Beach,
who will supply the place of the regular
Berkeley pastor, Mrs. Rebecca 'Naylor,
while she is on a six months' visit in the
East. - ¦ • ¦.'•¦¦¦
Purpose.
Berkeley for This
Quakers Hold General Meeting m
CENTRAL ORGANIZATION
FORMED BY THE FRIENDS
FIRE DAMAGES
ORIENTAL HOTEL
CO-ED SPORTS
UNO PASTIMES
whom was a son whose death brought the
first sorrow into the lives of the aged
couple, were born in Sacramento.
Success followed Mr. Jacobs in all his
business enterprises, and at one time he
was the proprietor of stores in San Fran
cisco, Sacramento and Folsom. About ten
years ago he withdrew from all active
pursuits and has lived in retirement since.
The family came to Alameda to reside
five years ago.
The remarkably youthful appearance of
Mr.' and Mrs. Jacobs is evidence of the
happy wedded life they have led.' Their
fifty years of conjugality have been almost
free from the cares that beset the lives
of others. They look upon the loss of
their only son as their greatest sorrow.
The Belgika Is a vessel of 405 tons, and
generally carried a crew of about fifty.
Not long ago she was in trouble in Ma
nila for having \ left that port without
clearance papers. The gunboat has gone
out to look for the mutineers, who are
supposed to have been in league with out
side pirates, for they looted the vessel
and carried off everything of value.
handy, but the superior numbers of the
yellow devils won in the end, for every
one of the whites were murdered and
their bodies thrown overboard. "Well
knowing that retribution would follow
their work the mutineers abandoned the
Belgika after casting loose her moorings.
She Avas found several days after by a
United States gunboat. The Belgika was
then .adrift and in a helpless condition.
As her decks presented every evidence
of foul play having been committed the
gunboat took her in- tow and into the
harbor of Cebu. At Cebu a new crew
was secured and the Belgika proceeded
to Manila. ' .
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 8.-The
steamer Tartar, arriving from the Orient
to-day, brought news of a mutiny ami
wholesale murder on board the American
steamer Belgika, whose home port is Ma
nila. The steamer was manned by Las
cars, and when they refused to work the
captain turned on them and attempted
to drive them to their duty at the point
of a revolver. The natives must have
thought the skipper was bluffing, as they
became defiant and a free fight ensued.
Captain Velasco, the chief officer and
several white seamen fell upon the na
tives with any sort of weapon that came
Murder the White Sea
men and Throw Bod
ies Into the Sea. .
LASCARS MUTINY
AND KILL CREW
Mr. and Mrs. N. M. Jacobs, Who Were United in New York' City and
Journeyed to California in Early Days, Observe, With Friends and
I Relatives About Them, Half Century Mark of Happy Married Life
FIFTIETH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY
CELEBRATED BY ALAMEDA COUPLE
Mr. Jacobs came to California in 1853,
accomplishing- the journey via the isthmus
after many trials. Arriving in Sacra
mento in the latter part of 1853 he en
gaged in business. When he had become
firmly established his wife came to th«
coast. Their three children, the eldest of
Both Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs were born In
London. England. "With their parents
they came to America In their youth and
were reared in New York. Shortly after
attaining their majority, in the year 1851,
they met at the home of friends In the
metropolis. Their friendship grew -Into
something- stronger, and before the ex
piration of the year they had been mar
ried.
ALMEDA COUNTY
EASTERN BASEBALL.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1901.
10
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
ATTENTION, BUYERS! - ~-~—
OUR, MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW . HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
6-room flat, new furniture $32j
15 rooms; full of steady roomers $50
14 rooms; transient; clears $125...-. 650
17 rooms, $700^12 rooms "00
21 rooms; $£00 cash, balance payments 1000
DO rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
28 rooms; on Mission 200
SO-room hotel .and bar 1W0
45 rooms; rent «25; clears $130 23T.0
MONEY WANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 506 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
11 ROQMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $10... 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.: good home 375
30 rooms; good fur., carpets: Bush st S0O
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central 3700
25 rooms; corner: everything new; snap.. 250O
100 r.; fine location; good money maker.. €000
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all
$6S0— 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $43; bargain.
$500 — 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent $23.
$1100 — 17 rooms; money maker; rent $55.
$6T>0— 8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2000— 70 rooms; Elite; rare opportunity. "
We loan money on an»- proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market St.
¦WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market St.. telephone Jessie 2211.
15 rooms; nicely furnished; snap $1175
29 rooms; pays well: good location 1400
32 rooms; best transient In the city 2200
IS rooms; all on 1 floor; bargain 900
12 rooms; beautiful yard: grand..- 1500
3 mortgaged house must be sold.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $800 16 r $800
20 r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r. 1000 13 r..... GOO 12 r 400
15 r 700 8 r 330 10 r 400
8 r 550 . 6 r 225 7 r 225
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
Near Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
Lodging houses and businesses for sale.
1 have 4 salesmen employed.
THE largest and best list of lodglng-houEes
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. ECHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. 817 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
NEWTON & HARTER. 739 Market st.-20-
room house, rent $32 50. $350. furniture clean
and new; S rooms and bath, central, l'.i
blocks of Market St.. $250.
THE largest and best list of lodgine-houses at
our office. McBRIDE _ CO., 1016 Market
St.. opposite Fifth.
SPIR1TIJALIS M.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Bun., Tuec.. Frl.. 8 p. rn.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them:
give namee; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1C84 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkin
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a. specialty; dr. Sun., Wed.
and Frl. evenings. 1035 Market st. '
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c Feance Sun., Tues.
end Thurs., 8 p. m.; every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.: Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
, Friday. 8 p. m. : Wednesday, ladles, 2:30 p.
m.. 10c; meetings dally, 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: slttinen daily: test to all to-nieht. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOITS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg: She
reads your life correctly, gives, an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
FREE double tests, ladies free; readings
morning, free lessen; afternoon, full read-
ings; $1 up from 10 to 6; closed Sundays; full
name; development in. 90 daj-s under written
guarantee; proving Franklin's ability as pre-
dicter teacher. 724 Post, 3 dcors from Leaven-
worth; no circles; is spiritualist; Franklin
on door. ' 1
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCON, CLAIRVOYANT.
BXGH PSYCIIIST.
The most -wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail: permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk St.; reading? by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never fails: lias the greatest Egyptian
secret; shjws pitcure future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays: hours 10 to 8 p. m. 2I5 1 / 4 Sixth Et.
MME. MONTAGUE. ~ ~ ~
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life;
gives names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest
predictions in love affairs; reunites separated,-
Jiot one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sischt;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $150. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.,
room 11-
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, oil
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken; 25c up. 777V4 Market st..room 18.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna, nr. 4th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 931 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;tel.Howard 1846.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. 32SA Ellis st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;paimistry;
truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MRS, BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
1 25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth Bt.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist. 148
Sixth St.. room 23.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 448'^ Jessie St.. bet. Sth nnd 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names alven: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING,
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to KPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. ?53-357 Tehama st. ;" tel Sputh 48.
AMERICAN Carpet-boating Works-Cleaning.
_Sc;renovated;rclaid. 105 14th st. : tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS
PARRY, 351U4 Market st.; phone Mint 1023.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating .Works. G. II.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: tel. South 251.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 24!) Fourteenth ft.: tel. Mission 74.
_________
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails, warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 413 Sutter.
PROF.Straesburp-er fromN.Y.. special 1st on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.T. : Chronicle big., rm. 78.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~charse~un-
lesa successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 ~MarkeT~stree£
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
lor painless dentistry: pure gold filling il 50;
nrtlticial teeth, on plate. look natural and
. guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $ir.;
told and porcelain crown? $5 to $10; teeth
without plate: painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket st,', cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
hav»! your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
¦tZ SO up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
lice hours. 9 a. m. to. 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER.' M. D., Manager.
.EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridRPS
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
.wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
Pit. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 SO; fillings.
tOc; plates, $3: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy f.L— Work, done
on weekly installments; lowest rates. '
DR. M. A. BROWN has removed to 54 Sixth
St.; gold crown and bridge work a specialty.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, £5c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. G.
. YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkln-Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $oup; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, denlst, -third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy, bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1C01 Market st., corner Slstb.
HELT 'WANTED — FEMALE~Coa.-
WANTED— Refined, Intelligent woman to act
as matron and superintendent of - a training
school for little girls; must be good cook and
thorough housekeeper, of gentle, patient dis-
position? hours 1 to 6 p. m. dally and 3 even-
ings weekly; salary $30 month; references.
Box 219. Call office. __^
WANTED— Students • to learn halrdressingr.
manicuring; bleaching . and dyeing. In two
veeks for $5. Boston Hair Dressing College,
E20 1 /£ Taylor st., near Post
LUNCH waitress wanted. Apply 631 Clay
. street. ¦ .
GIRL for general houseworK. Apply Monday
or Tuesday before noon. 1S10 Gough st.
WANTED — Woman to assist In housework and
plain washing; no objection child. 137,Carl.
WANTED— A young lady to assist In, printing
office; clerical work. Box 220, Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS millinery trimmer wanted.
MISS RICHARDS, 962 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED girls ""wanted; bookblndery.
636 Clay st.
GIRL for ¦ cooking and housework; references
required. 1101 Green st.. corner Leavenworth.
FIRST-CLASS finiEhers on coats; good pay;
steady work. 541 Market st. -. _ .
WANTED— Women ior light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom at. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubecrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia «t.
JIELP WASTE D— MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5818
Leading Employment Agents
634-636 Clay st
....Office open to-day, Monday. 7 a. m
TO-DAY, MONDAY
.... R. R. men, ship to-day, Monday ....
50 teamsters, Ukiah Free fare
75 laborers, Uklah Free fare
25 men to cut right-of-way, Ukiah, free fare,
wages $2 to $2 50 day
SANTA FE CO.'S OWN WORK.......
175 laborers to work on section, steel ballast
and extra gangs at Stockton, Fresno, Bakers-
field and Merced districts
Free Fare Ship Dally
. MECHANICAL
Blacksmith, sawmill company... $C0 and found
Blacksmith, vineyard, easy Job.. $33 and found
Blacksmith helper, ranch, $35 and found: 5
other blacksmiths; plasterer for an Institu-
tion, 13 per day and found; carpenter, city
Job,/$3 day; machine blacksmith, $3 GO; en-
gineer and handy mechanic around private
place, see party here, $50 and found; black-
smith and run engine, ranch; 2 stonemasons;
carpenter, factory
MINES, QUARRIES
1 LABORERS, ETC
25 single-hand miners, different mines, $75 and
$55 and found; 6 miners, $60; 25 drillers and I
hammersmen, quarry, $C0 and $67 50; 174 |
laborers for gold and silver mines, north and
.south $30 to $75 and found
250 men for quarry work..?:'. $2 25 and $40 & fd |
10 laborers. Santa Clara Co $34 and found {
10 laborers for a salt company $1 75 day
3C0 laborers for different Jobs, city and coun-
try wages $1 75 to $4 day
MISCELLANEOUS
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC.
3 choremen for private places, J30 and'found;
15 deck hands, $40 and found; 3 sailors; S sta-
blemen, hostlers and buggy washers, $60; 87
farm hands, steady jobs, $25 to $35 and found;
23 choremen and boys, $15 to $30 and found; 15
milkers, different dairies, $30 to $40 and found;
6 canwashers, city Jobs, $30 and found
10 lumber pliers, north, $60; 15 men to work
around sawmill, $2 day: 10 laborers, sawmill,
Sonoma Co., $30 and found; 5 crosscut saw-
yers, $45 and found
HOTEL, ETC.. DEPARTMENT
Second cook, mine company boarding-house,
fare paid, $40 and found...
3 camp waiters, -.. mine, $30 and found ;
2 dishwashers, ranches, $25 and found; 16
cooks, hotels, restaurants? city and country.
$30 to $60 and found; 14 waiters, J25 to $35 and
• found; 15 kitchen hands, dishwashers and veg-
etablemen; 3 butchers; 3 porters; 3 elevator and
bellboys; cook, small boarding-house, country,
$35 and found, and 500 others too numerous to
mention: call and read our bulletin boards, j
MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Clay St.
A— FRUIT PICKERS LOOK HERE
MEN AND STRONG BOYS.
25 men and boys to pick fruit and work in all
kinds of fruits for a lay company orchard, $30
and found, $125 fare, no experience required,
anybody will suit on this job; 25 hop pickers,
$1 per hundred. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. .
AT C. R.'HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK... -...RAILROAD WORK
Free Fare Free Fare....
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
FOR NEVADA
10O teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a_day
FOR TRUCKEE :..„.....
50 mason helpers $175 to $2 a day,
ICO laborers $1 75 a'day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers $2 25 to $2 50 a day
100 muckers and laborers $2 a day
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
50 laborers, section work $1 75 a day
....Free Fare. ...Ship Dally Free Fare
Electrician and engineer, city. $55 and board;
3 blacksmiths, country, $2 50 to $3 a day; j
buggy washer, near city, % r >0 and room; 20 1
laborers, sawmill and woods. $2. board 50c: !
10 laborers, lime quarry, $2, board $4 50;
farmers, milkers, choremen and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $50. see
party here; 2 fry cooks, restaurant, city, $30 ,
and $60; hotel butcher, good carver, $70 to
$S0; cake baker, country shop, $14 a week;
candy-maker, country, $7 a week and found;
2 waiters, country hotel, $30; 2 bellboys,
country hotel, $20: 20 dishwashers, vegetable
men, kitchen hands, $20 to, $33 : ,..
C. R. HANSEN & CO....f. 101 Geary st.
AN engineer and electrician for a hotel plant;
$.'5 and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 '
Geary st. . j
COOK and wife, country hotel; first cook and
second cook, country hotel, se» boss here
this morning early; Italian cook for men,
$25 and found: hotel waiter, • country, $35;
bellboy. $15 and found; elevator boys, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., €23 Sacramento Bt.
STABLEMAN for mining company, $30 and j
found; laborer for mine and wife, $70, part
fare paid: 2 trardeners and wives. $50; 3
farmers and wives, $40 and $45 and $50; mar-
ried foreman for ranch, $45 to $30; poulTfy-
man and wife, J30; farmers, for Santa Clara
and Contra. Costa counties, $25 and $30 and
$1 day and found; milker and canwasher,
$40 and found; milker, $25 and found; driver
for milk wagon, J40 and found; choreman,
gentleman's place, $25 and found; middle-
aced choreman and porter for country hotel,
$30 and found: teamsters, $2 to $4 day. and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento Et.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st.— Man to tfke
care of horses, etc., country place, south. $30.
' see * party in town: man to milk 2 cows and
tend to chickens, private place. $20; gardener
and coachman, $25; young man for chores,
roadhouse, $20; German to help In a country
hotel and barroom, $20; 5 waiters, different
places, $30 to $45: kitchen hands, all prices:
shampooer. country, $33: steady man for boys'
Institution as orderly, $25, etc.
MAN and wife for rooming-house, $55 per
month and room
Foreman for -steam laundry, country, $30.
MRS..M. E. DAY & CO 333 Geary st. |
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
—Second cooks, -country, $10; 3 waiters, coun-
try, $30; 3 colored waiters, extra, $2 a day.
WANTED — Cooks, •waiters, dishwashers and
kitchen help; also experienced restaurant
steward; no fee. 127 Mason st. .'
ALL barber shops will close Monday. Sept. 9,
at 12 o'clock noon, on account of holiday. Ad-
mission' day. ¦ A..E. WRAT,
President Barbers' Union 148.
. I. LESS, Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—"
Free employment. 927 Market st.. room 207,
• I. LESS, eecretary; telephone Jessie/ 1176.,.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets to-night, 8:30, 32 O'Farrell. I LESS, Sec.
BOY about 16 years old to learn a trade. Apply
Supt. . Thomas Day Co., 725 Mission Et.
YOUNG man to take care of horse and drive
route, take orders . arid help In shop. WAR-
REN,- 231S Fillmore St.
BARTENDER wanted; young and experienced
German preferred. Address T. A., box 233,
Call office. __
A RESPECTABLE young man to cook for one
In mining cabin; good home; $10 per month.
. 301 Jones st., after 10 a. rn.
WANTED— Pants presser. Apply factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Young man with little cash, $33 and
found;.no experience. Restaurant, 496 Fourth, j
FIRST-CLASS barber . wanted; short hours! i
Apply at 339 California st.
WANTED— A cook at 9 Drumm St.; no Sunday
' - work. : "¦ -. ¦_-..-. . .-• . ; . |
WANTED— A man to drive a bakery wagon;
: has to have experience. 911^ Larkin st.
WANTED— Dishwasher In restaurant. n*3 '
: Turk st. ¦ .•.'.- '¦"•'¦.. * -..
FIRST-CLASS meat cutter. WILSON Market
3077. Sixteenth st. .-• . ¦ : _- u . : .V
GET your shoes half-soled while -waiting- 2sc
.to 50c. E63 Mission St.. bet, lat and 2d sts. {
WANTED— Walter. $5 a week and found. 1224
Point - Lobos ave.
WANTED— Dishwasher, $15 a - month and '
found. . 1224 Point Lcbos ave. ' ' -.
WANTED— A second cook at 19 Powell st.
'$5C0cash. Box 226,; Call office. '
" hklp WAXTF.r» — urtT.rc— - r««.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters, |
1 Experienced , Piledriver Hands.
¦ Experienced Raftsmen. ¦
For work In this city at China Basin. Potrero
and for various jobs along the water front.
Also for work at- Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
We are starting new Jobs dally, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN.,
Room 15, 4 California st.
WANTED— Strevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
• time will be given preference In future. .Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen.
.¦ laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 203 Examiner
building.
WANTED— Driver for bottling Co.; must have
1000 MEN wanted-Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. Cal. ; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st.. room 23, San Fran-
' dsco, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried- men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 teei. 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to eoeak and read English. For
further information applv at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $S0 monthly:
special Inducements this month; write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 135 Clay «t. _____
(SLABS WORKS STARTS SEPT. 3D.
BOYS WANTED!
Apply ABRAMSON-HEUNISCH GLASS CO..
Fifteenth and Folnom sta.
WANTED— 250 able-bodied men. ex-soldiers or
marines preferred; bring discharges or recom-
mendations. Apply room 10. 325 Montgomery
st. ; wages $3 per day and bonus.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Cashboy 14 years of age or over.
Apply it HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
Address box 192, Call office.
STEADY, willing boy to learn trade; good"op-
portunity. Carscn Glove Co.. 35 Market st.
WANTED— Blacksmith. JOSEPH PIEROTTI,
Second and Franklin sts., Oalrland,.
WANTED — Boy to help In grocery store. 700
Mason st.
WANTED— Boy of 16 in candy store. 943 Fill-
more st.
BARBERS — A four-chair barber shop for salo
cheap at 2S09 Greenwich st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hali
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
¦WANTED — First-class saloon porter; wages
$35. 152 East gt.
FOR sale— First-clpss fiotel barber shop In
mountain town. H. BERNARD, .104 Seventh.
WANTED — Active young man to drive milk
wagon In Oakland. Box 149. Call office.
WANTED-A harness-maker. B. SAMMAN.
1238 Fillmore st.
ROCK drillers and quarrymen. Apply 232
Montgomery st.
WANTED — A man that understands nursery
work and floral business. Call 500 Haight st.
MEN end boys to learn to make shirts: good
pay; steady work. Lowenberg&Co., 27 Jessie.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third St.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st.
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 -Market st.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. •
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. •
HOUSES AXD WAGONS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO. has removed from
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st.. with an as-
sortment of sale horses: also livery and board-
Ing; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER.
H. BRANDENSTEIN.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. . Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Dcre st., S. F.
40 HFAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
FOR sale— Fair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses; French stock. Box 6S, Call office.
ONE milk wagon, business buggy, top butrgy
and 1 glass parcel wagon. NE. corner Stelner
and Waller sts.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1-shoe. 1 grocery wagon. S23 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co. ; he sells too cheap. £4 Eighth st.
ALL kinds of wagons, bungles, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOSPITALS.
MKNTAL & nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass St.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE corner flat. 5 front rooms; gas fixtures,
etc. ; $16 50 with water and ashman. Corner
Harrison and Oak Grove ave., bet. 5th & 6th.
JONES, 1809— House, 8 rooms and bath; good
marine view.
HOUSE, 9 rooms and -bath, suitable for physi-
cian. 462 Geary st.
SUTTER. 830. near Leavenworth — House, 8
rooms and bath; key on premises.
-SEVENTEENTH. 3569-Slx rooms; modern-
stable in rear.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United StPtes or Canada, r.ne year for Jl.
HOUSES TO LET— FURXISHED]
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly~furnlshed ; furnace-
rent $35. 1717 Webster st., near Bush.
HYPNOTISM. ~ ~~
SAN FRANCISCO School of Fsycholo^
chronic -and nervous diseases a 8pecialtv :
stammering, liquor and tobacco habits cured*
practical Instructions in hypnotism etc Of'
flee 504 Parrott building. UZ
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST-A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco la the
name of DORA MARSHALL. No. 239-131 The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST T A . lady ' 8 B°ld watch and pin. between
jjiy^r a? and m g I
* 25 REWARD for St. Bernard dog; sable and
white markings; name Emperor. 16 Third st.
IT will pay to "Remember- that the Callfor-
a ? h n Case » Co ' 22 ° Sutter st ~ need » oM
cold and silver to make new watch cases.
C ??.f P « ST and best In America-The Weekly
TTnit* J eF\ eea - "£ nt to * n ? address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
. .-'"_'" MATRIMONIAL.
EN J L PP^V^^lo^n^
send 10c for latest. list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized. uphoN
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell at.;
lei. rsusn 421., -
MEDICAL. ___
DR. O*DONNELL— All who are" sick and Inr'
trouble call and consult the specialist. M*,,
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief in
all cases taken: the most ob9tlnate cases
have been relieved by my treatments; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of. female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O-DONNELL. 1013 Market at., opp. 5th.
RETURNED ..'.
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be rl- aso.l to see her friends at
the old number. 1223 Market St.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity homo; home
In confinement. 112C Market st.. 3. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men on!y. 997
Market gt., corner Sixth; entire upper .floor.
MRS. D. ALLEX, 1113 Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist: a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care: lo-w* feea.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladles' specialist, removed
from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell »t.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one flcor. ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
30-H.P. boiler and 23-H.P. engine complete.. $3C0
20-H.P. boiler and 15-H.P.engtne complete. $2.'^)
10-H.P. boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete.$123
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $3<>
Also pipe, fittinzs, etc. H. S. WHITE. 518
Mission st.
MISFIT parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton, rent*
full dress. Tuxedo, Prince Albert or mourn-
ers' black suits for $2 50; misfit tailor-made
suits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a big
stock of travelers' samples in trunks, valises
and full dresj reasonable.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones, $5 to
$150: easy terms; children's toy graphophones,
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
A— BUYS. sell3 or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-2Z5 Spear «t.
AS UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business,
information about articles left with him can
be had at 14 Grant ave.. room 23. 11 to 1 p. m.
NEW or 2d-hafrid clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exclr.T 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2^1-H.P. Hercules: gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
l*»01 COLUMBIA. Rambler. Snell. Orient and
other Feconii-hand bicycles cheap: send for
list. LEAVITT & BILL, 303 Larkin »t.
FINE counter, 60 feet. In four parts; suitable
for office, 'store, bank or bar. L. & M.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
A— $3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 7i Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 230 Kearny st, near Pine.
NEW White and Wheeler Wilson, drop-head
sewing machine cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
BUILDING lumber, tank closets, fire escape
and wrought pipe. Apply 64 Silver st.. off 3d.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR sale— Planing mill; good opportunity for
the right man; good business. Box 204, Call.
PRINTERS— A fine tapeless 32x46 plate dtstrt-
butlon drum cylinder. Box 186, Call office.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st. ¦ .
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry: cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 MlS3lon St.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
Z$ misceLXaxeo ls w axts.
ALL stamped checks bought; documentary and
proprietary stamps. 1008 Call building.
WANTED— At once, old sealskins; will pay
highest cash prices. Box 97. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand* clothing and:
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2523.
Biosroy to _oajt.
A^A^M^NllA^TXNnCaAN^COMPANY! ~
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$5.C0O,C0O at iJo or less in large sums; loana
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sort3 and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interesc
In estates, legacies, undivided Interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
RELIABLE corporation, established! 1S65. proper
place t(J borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest
9 Grant ave.. near Market st ; tel. Black 5471.
ANY proposition: any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages. etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams, bldg.. 206 Kearny st., room 314.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant~ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
OX real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BecLer & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
Advances life insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers* salaries; accounts of bank books
In liquidation bought. Apply 350 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 63.
MOST reliable place- to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
125.000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 2g» Sansome st.. room 2.
• aiPSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BONANZA FOR SXAP~_UNTER3.
PIANOS.
1 good upright, $33; 1 better. $83.
2 good Kranda.' $175. $193.
5 uprights, $123. $155. $1S3. S190, S19S.
Also Conoyer. Steinway. Weber, Vose. Curtaa.
Decker. Bros.. Pease. Standard, llttlo used.
ORGANS.
1 6-stop. $39; 1 7-stor> $44.
1 7-stop. $43; 1 fine like new, $G4.
1 2-manual. «73; 1 16-stop. Liszt styl«.
Mason &. Hamlln, very fine, $150.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Chickerlng Agency.
14,000 sq. feet: largest and. oldest piano hoc3g.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged k for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New uorisht planor. $8 per
month: some ecckJ pianos »o!d for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Satter
fts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth xt.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades solrt by Heine Piano Co..
sole acents for famous and oldest Arcerlcan
make?. Including Hallet-Davls; treat bar-
gain list. J.*.O up; Steinway. $1S5 up; Fischer.
Site: Chickerlng. $165; 20 otheri. rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. Z17 Geary st.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade,
pianos in storaee to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand rianos for a sonc.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks . and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A NEW flat, 411 Cole St.; sun In every room;
'.tiled bathroom; beamed and frescoed ceilings;
marble steps and vestibule; looking out on
Park; almost every room a bay-window; can
¦ be seen between 10 and 4 o'clock every day. /
COLE. 7C9-771. bet. ' Beulah and Frederick st*.—
Fine rew sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. • •
FLAT of 6 rooms and- bath; range; $10. Jersey
* and Sanchez. . -
FURNITURE of 8-room flat for sale; flat to
rent cheap. 1620 Polk st.
A CLEAN, sunny, newly papered: 1 month
free.- 250 Tehama st.. near Third. .
ALPINE. ,173— New upper flat, 8 rooms, bath;
all modern lmprovm'ts; sun every room; $25.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma St., between Eighth and Ninth.
HOWARD, 1133— A flat of 4 nice sunny rooms;
a large cellar; cheap rent. /
NINETEENTH, 4036-Sunny cor. flat, 4 rms.,
bath; modern improvements; rent reasonable.
MODERN flat of 3 rooms. Inquire at 310 Wal-
ler st. ! .
NINETEENTH, 4052— Sunny corner "flat, five
rooms and bath. > ' ¦
O'FARRELL. Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement,, yard; reasonable to good 'tenant.
STEVENSON. 413, near Fifth— Upper flat, 5
rooms; rent $13; water free. ¦
TO LET— Sunny flat of 4 rooms. Northwest*
corner Broderick and Post sts.; rent $10.
$17 50— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; 571 Hayes
st.. near Laguna ; no email children.
$13— LOWER flat 4 clean rooms and hall; yard.
430 Seventh et.. near Harrison.
FLA/f'S LET-— FURXISHED.
NEWLY furnished sunny flat, 7 . rooms and
bath, to let. 430 Eddy st.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— A 4 to B room cottage or flat with
bath'; between Halght, Jackson, Franklin and
Powell; no children; state price. Box 217, Call.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER, 12S-130 Hayes, nr.V. Ness—
Stylish effects; High-grade work; Lowest prices.
FUItSITUKK KOU SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom • set ; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
?2-Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Bearey'a Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. • King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURMTURE WANTED.
CAL'. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, rndse., bought.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
14S4; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. f CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 MiEsion st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory^prlcT;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
-HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 head waitresses, city and country $30
Waitress, south, fare advanced $25
25 waitresses, city arid commercial hotels
$20, $25
Waitress, Marysville $20
Waitress, Sausalito $20
Waitress, Red Bluff $20
Waitress. Watsonville $20
Waitress, Antloch $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, houpegirls, second girls, nursegirls
can secure positions by applying to -
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
¦'='¦'¦' 104 Geary st. ¦
A— MRS. il. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1375
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head ' waitress, $30; 12 waitresses, first-class
.city and country hotels, $20 and $25: 5 extra
waitresses, country, $150 day, free fare both
ways; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7; 2 chamber-
maids to wait, $20
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook I for English family. $30; German cook,
$30; houseglrls, $20 - to $25; waitress, Santa
Cruz, $25; 2 second girls, $20; nursegirl, $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
OPERATORS on .'overalls at Levl Strauss &
Co.'s factory, 32V4 Fremont St.; good wages;
no experience necessary. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
/ .
HAND SEWERS WANTED.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO..
36% Fremont Bt.
Apply to Mr. Hindshaw.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed; good pay.
— BELASCO & HARRIS CO..
641 Market st.
A THOROUGH bookkeeper with experience In
commission house; $60. . L. & M.' ALEXAN-
DER, agents Smith Premier Typewriter, 110
Montgomery st.
A STENOGRAPHER; must also be able to
asMst at books; Smith Premier Typewriter
. operator; $i0. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110
Montgomery st. -^
BUTTONHOLE and felling machine operators
. on overalls. 9 Hill st.. off Valencia, be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
AVANTED— Reliable young girl to assist In care
of Infant, sleep home, $10. Apply 1812 Van
Ness ave.
PROTESTANT woman, general housework;
small family adults; $10 per month. 418 Leav-
. enworth Et. . r';« ¦
"WANTED— Pants finisher. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
GIRL to do cooking and es3ist with house-
work; wages J20. 1C23 O'Farrell St. . .
GIRL for general housework in a small fam-
ily. 7S3 Hayes st;
YOUNG girl for housework and cooking; small I
family; $20. 1S10 Laguna. 9 to 12 a. m.
WANTED- Lady to learn photography and
take charge of gallery. 312 Kearny st.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework In
bakery; wages $20 — gll^ Larkin st.
WOMAN or. girl for general housework; must
be a good cook. 119 Larkin st.
GIRL for housework. Call at 1233 McAllister
street. ...
WANTED— 25 pretty girls for "Carmen." Ap-
ply at Tivoli to-day, 1 p. m. - /
WANTED— A girl for light housework; good
. wages. 2S17 California st.
FIRST-CLASS cook. Call between 1 and 3
. p. m. at 1820 Clay st.
WANTED— Waitress at 1007 Market at.
APPRENTICES to learu tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
- Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and negli-
gee shirts; best prices; steady work./ LOW-
EKBERG& CO.. 27 Jessie st. . ,
WANTED— Operators on laundried and negligee
shirts; a few inexperienced taught. Apply
, THE L. . ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
WAN "ED — An experienced art goods saleslady;
one who understands stamping. Apply at
HALE BROS., before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Young lady to be developed as a
medium; willing to travel when taught. Box
395, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear;' also learners"" paid while learning. G.
W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st.
¦WANTED— Healthy <¦ woman' with common
, school education for : position as commercial
tra veier. Box > 202, .;. Call , office.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, ' massage,
manicuring taught In 2 weeks for $5; employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
WANTED In - an ; American .family of four
adults a girl' for general housework; wages
.$20. Apply 2822 Pine st." ¦ •¦.,- ¦"¦¦¦>¦
OPERATORS on overalls. Apply HEYNE-
MANN &. CO.. 9 Hill st..' oft Valencia.- be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.* - ]¦,.-
YOUNG German widow wants a girl for. house-
. work. .Call after 1 p. m., 602 Minna St.. ,. ¦
"WANTED— Young ladies to .train for nurses.
Apply between 6 and 7 p. m., 1609 Jackson st.
GLOVE makers; driving and Eurekas. Carson
Glove Co.'." 35 Market Bt. ; > . ¦ • . ' : .,
EXPERIENCED sewers > on ladles' waists;
. good work. NEWBAUER BROS.. 507. Market.
WANTED— Good trimmer. MRS. S. THOMAS,
114 Grant ave. , ¦ - — ,
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. „.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m. •$* :"-
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. rn.
CIS Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street. 'Corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
306 Eleventh street; or>en until 9 p. m.
tlO9S Valencia street; open until 9 p. — .
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: cpen until 9 p. m.
_C0 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No7 22. F. and A. a
M.— THIS < MONDAY) EVENING, at
7:30 o'clock. T.'iird IVjm. Master Ti^
Masons oordially invited. By order of / '
the W. M. --J
WALTER G. ANDERSON. S*gf
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A. M.. meet* THIS (TUESDAY) _^A_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. U. 1. By jf
order of W. M. VV»
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodre No. 2fiO. F. m
and A. M.. 1S39 FllJmore St.— Second S\
tirgree THIS EVENING. at 7:30 2f
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR, Sec. /V> ;
PYTHIAN day at Sacramento— Special ,*-•
party excursion, leaving San Fran- *. ivX
dsco S a. m.. Sept. U; returning, 'SSSSbir
leave Sacramento Sept 12, 6:20 a. m. •*«^* T '
D. O. K. K. pilgrimage. For further par-
ticulars apply to H. SCHAFFNER. 6 Eddy
ft. (phone Bush 6). or E. ULMAN. 9C9 Mar-
ket st. (phone South 372) not later than 9th
lnst.
KNIGHTS of St. Patrick— The members of the
Knights of St. Patrick are requested to as-
semble at Glen Park on MONDAY. Sept. 9.
to take part In Admission day festival under
the auepices of the Celtic Union. Bring your
friends. JAMES A. EMERY.
JAMES F. O'BRIEN.
ADOPTION. I
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. Dtt.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth ft.. Alameda.
AGEXTS WANTED.
WANTED— Several persons of character and
rood reputation in each State (one In this
county required) to represent and advertise
eld established wealthy business house of solid
financial standing. Salary $18 weekly, with
expenses additional, all payable In cash each
Wednesday direct from head offices. Horse
an-1 carriage furnished when necessary; ref-
erences. Inclose pel f -addressed stamped en-
velope. Manager, 806 Caxton build'g. Chicago.
13 TO $5 per day easily made for the next 90
day* selling en attractive line of holiday
poods. For full particulars send name and ad-
dress to ALBERT DESPRES, Star bldg.. Chl-
J.CO. 111.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 11SS Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty: quick;
' quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wilis. deeds, etc., prepared: charge low: estb.
Ifi years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lf-ctlons attachments: mortgages ;blils of sale;
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 100SU Mkt.. r. 4. op. Sth.
ADVICE free; open eve.: moderate fee If suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. 927 Market st.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 5S7 Parrott bldg —Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. XV.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
lcet st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
T3^OKS~or^xer^^nd^ou^t~TelTlReS7^ Hs.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission tt.
DOAniil\<^ FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for children; $8 up; near school.
2127 Prince st., Berkeley.
2 OR 3 children to' board; good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1807 California.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
ASK to see Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. S26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
J3f<i— PARTNER wanted; light business; must
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with $18
to £25 a week: no exuerience required: trial
given before buying. 25 Geary Et.. room L
$700 — DELICACY and grocery store; full value;
2 rooms; rent $17. Strand _ Co., 203 Kearny.
$250— PARTNER commission business; can make
$75 month. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st. ,
J5tO— CANDY stand, stock and fixtures; down-
town; snap. RETSLOFF, S06 Market St.. r. 12.
S100— REAL estate office and trade. NEWTON
_ HARTER, 759 Market Et.
SZlfi — PARTNER wanted: great chance in a
paying office. McBRIDE _ CO.. 1016 Market.
WANTED— A partner with capital to go into
the wholesale manufacturing of shirts and
overalls. Hex 227. Call office.
$S.V>— FOR _.lc. a business corner saloon on
Fifth st. Inquire 251 Clara St., city.
A — CIGAR str.ni; different from the rest; al-
ways doing business; fine location; high-class
trade; elegant fixtures; rent very low; owner
bdlteff account other large Interests; an op-
portunity to buy a No. 1 stand at a low
figure: no agents. Box €0. Call office.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, jl tc. : cash receipts about $1500 to
S200G per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
KRLE. German Export Optician. 1071% Mar-
ket 6t.. San Francit-co.
FOR SALE— At Invoice price, the merchandise
store of CNOPIUS _ CO.. Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdrbu!*. ma a whole or each store sep-
arate; disaw^ement among partners the caut=e
of sellings/For particulars address CNOPIUS
&-CCU^£anta Rosa.
FOR rent— Fine place: has been run as a butch-
er Fhop and saloon for 30 years; 4 living rooms
out? ide of salocn and butcher shop. For par-
ticulars address H. J. McDERMOTT, Sunol,
Cal.
WANTED irrmfdiate'.y— Good business part-
ner with capital to assist patentee financially
w;th an article of high merit; a big money
making proposition. Box 117. Call office.
PARTNER, active or silent, with capital of
not legs then $20,000. wanted for wholesale
hustaers of many years' standing; large pro-
. fits. Address M., box 140. Call office.
Hr*-CCR\ER grwery and bar: fine location:
must sell. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St.
J200— A PARTNER (lady or gentleman) in a
refined office business; fine income; Investi-
gate. Address hex 3416, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sa!e: will sacrifice if sold
:oon; in center of wholesale and milling dis-
trict. Box 214, Call office.
PARTNER wanted in boarding and sale sta-
Mcs: capital needed $1500. Address Stable.
J.ox 171. Call orfice.
HOTEL— Fine hotel proposition, for a good ex-
rrfTiEnwd man with $30u0. Address Hotel, box
1CS. Call office.
JVX»— LAUNDRY route with, good horse and
wagon; good chance for right man 3372
M!E6ion. ,
CANDY and stationery business; 3 fine fur-
n!sh«^d rooms; at sacrifice. 1933 Mission st.
A SNAP— For *ale account of sickness, a profit-
ab!e de'lcary store. Particulars on premises,
__Hfi Seventh st.. near Micsion.
FOR SALE — On account of death a complete
tailor's outfit. Box 116. Call office.
lodg;xg-holses for sale.
C-ROOM BA Y^VvTn^O^T-ORNER HOUSE
CLEARS $300 EVERT MONTH.... "'
Worth J.jCOt— Price $2n:iO only, $i'joo cash ...
W rooms on OFarrell H25
M rooms on Geary t-t.. 13,j<)
100 rooms; <*ioars $350; payments »o suit . 6000
3fi rooms; transient: only $400 cash 7J0
fi-room flat; tine corner 300
'* room*; en Market st ....'. 1903
W rooms; north of Market st 4^0
<i roon:*; .clears every rar;nth t?00 lcno
S i-ocrr.s; Hat near City Hail 42;
i". rooms: line corner; clears $S0 koo
* rooms; kw>,1 jjiano: snust sell 423
48 rooms; hotel and bar l.-,0i)
IS rooms; on Sixth Bt.; clears ?80 m>
U roofr*; en Market; clears $iM 1C0O
3f> rooms; comer; Just like home isou
10 roouip; <»n Ma<-m bt. ; new 750
32 rooms; offices: eleai-H $250 3500
-1 rooms'; $$00 cafh.. balance payments.... 1200
FRENCH AND GKHMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. -ECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 736.
A. CAMERON ~& CO..
£S0 Market st. and S Stockton St..
Rooms 2L 22 and „. Phone Bush S28.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
. to sell lirt with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
?•« r. ; rent $5M; elegant furn.; good location.
GO r. : rent S2SO; country; tran.; pays well. $6500
27 r; rent SMO; cak furn.; Al location... 2200
M r.: rent £S0; residence loc.; apartment. 1100
Honey loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. c. :
14 r.; rent $40: elegant fur.; boarders. ..$1000
39 r. ; rent S17 50: oak fum. brussels carp. £50
» r. ; rent $33; oaJc furn.; housekeeping... 350
Over iV6 houses listed. Call before buying.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. W T M.
PILGER, 121 Post, over -O'Connor & Moffatt.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT ' SCHOOL FOR MEN.
A practical and Industrial education for men;
Y. M. a A. building; more courses of study
than any other night echool in the city for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Maaon
nnd Ellis sts.; opening night, Tuesday. Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; deoartments— Art, business, civ!! service,
elementary, engineering, high school, IaD-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. ' MACURDA. educational director. '
AYRES* Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
. complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship.
Fpclllr.g. Sapnish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new type writers; positions secured; cat, free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand. t>plng and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher.^expert court reporter, teacher of
Fhorthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50;. catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited: preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any.
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specraltles, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. : Rooms 40-45. Par- •
rott bldg.: individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.ireeh. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nailien School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures: the one mar who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers ls TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs r>nly *C0. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
SPANISH Fohool-Dally, . 4 to 9:30 p. m. with
Merrill-Miller College, room 42. Parrott bldg.
SPANISH — Conversation, letters: rantd method;
classes daily: $3 mo. Prof. Maya, 210 Eddy st.
VAUDEVILLE School nf Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 123 Mason st. .
ACTING— Send to Grard Opera-house for cir-
cular nf Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Bi'Pinr*** College. 1133 .Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, hookkeep.. $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mando.in. inilto.r
lessons. 50c: piano for practice. 3!) Fifth st.
PROF. L. MKRKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile c'.flF?. IOCS Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY an-1
ILLUSTRATION— night cla.'s. 424 Pine st.
H^ALTVR BnsinppB College. 21 Post *t.. S. F.;
founded 1S63: new 80-page catalogue free. "
ARITHMETIC. booVkeepiner. grammar, wrltlmt.-
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mn. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
; EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kind«;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office — Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621>£ California Ft.; tel. Red 401. I
CHINESE . Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish mort
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUU Emcloyment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 425 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER of experience would like more
engagements by the day; can give references.
Call or address 403 McAllister st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing,
ironing or cleaning. Call 356 Minna st.
REFINED middle-aged Eastern lady wishes
position as matron, managing housekeeper or
companion: best ot references;, city or coun-
try. Box 176, Call office.
-FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wants engagement by the day; $2. Apply to
MRS. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny St.
WANTED — Position by trained nurse: gradu-
ate from one of the largest^tralning schools
and hospitals in the East; 6 years' experience;
best references. Box 221, Call office. .
RELIABLE, competent woman wants work by
the day: good reference. 937 Mission st.
A WOMAN wishes position to do janitor work;
can furnish best of personal reference. Box
215, Call office. .
YOUNG German girl wants position for up-
stairs work. 17 Hollis st.
A LADY of middle age wishing to go East
would like to chaperon young ladies or Inva-
lid. Box 2307, Call office, Oakland.
AN Al milliner will make up ladies' own tna-
v terials or furnish material and do the work
well at reasonable prices. Box 141, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50- to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MAN wishes position; porter work preferred;
experienced; referances; will accept kitchen
work, light work, at $4 50 week and found.
Box 225, Call office.
SOBER elderly man wants work private fam-
ily; used to horses, garden, cook, baker; use-
ful in general; references; wages no object.
Box 2308, Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by trustworthy young
man; formerly hotel night . watchman; have;
some experience in waiting at table. Box i
232, Call office. |
WANTED by trustworthy man. position as
night or day watchman, with good city ref-
erences. Box 223. Call.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow. garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 216, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes i
situation; country preferred. Address box 229, j
Call office. j
A RELIABLE young man, liberally educated, |
desires profitable employment. Box 224, Call.
9 |
BARBER with 6 months' experience desires op- 1
portunlty to finish trade. Box 228, Call office. 'I
MAN and wife wants position together in
first-class country hotel; man as manager,
clerk or bartender; is a first-class mixar;
wife as housekeeper, waitress or chamber-
| maid; both thoroughly experienced in hotel
business; first-class references. Address
P. O. box 574, Oakland, Cal. •
TO master bakers— An^energetlc, steady Scotch-
man: 23 years' experience; biscuit, bread 'or
pastry; machine or hand; can take full man-
agement if necessary. J. DOUGLAS, Brook-
lyn' Hotel, city.
; WANTED— A steady, sober man with $73 for
. a plain every-day business; will pay ..$15 to
SIS; hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.; place per-
manent. California Business Exchange, 78
Third st., room 2.
YOUNG, experienced winery man and distiller
wants position; Is also good fireman and
handy about machinery; reference. Box 185,
Call office. _ :
YOUNG man, well educated In German and
English, desires position; best of, references
and. recommendations given; country pre-
ferred. Box 184, Call office.
GOOD all-around man wants v>osltlon In pri-
%vat»- placer understands the care of horses;
good driver; can milk and attend to carden;
good references. Box 199. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS gardener desires situation; pri-
vate residence; the care of flowers, lawn, veg-
etables, horses and milk; useful and obliging;
city or country. Box 19S, Call, office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, do housework,
wants situation in city or country; have best,
references; wages $7. O. NAKA, 423 Steven-
son St.
MAN wishes a position In hotel or store; is a
good cabinetmaker; non-union man. .Box 190
Call oflice. •¦ . .*"•'
WANTED— A position as man about ; place;
competent gardener and good all-round man'
Address E. C, 207 Montgomery ave.
WANTED by a first-class "baker — A position in
Country; working alone preferred. Address
box 83, Call office. >
COOK— A middle aged man would like to g*>t
a place to do plain cooking In a small courU
try town. Please address Cook. 549 Howard.
JAPANESE dentist .wants situation as me"-
chanical assistant at dental parlor. Address
< TAKE. 105 Prospect place.
YOUNG man wants situation as nurse or valet
. Box 1SS. Call office. E
FIRST-CLASS bootblack would like a sltua"
tlon. Box 180, Call office. .
JAPANESE faithful boy wants to work in store
or office; beet reference. Box 119. Call office..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
\subscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ¦¦ ¦ * v ,
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno^
vatei E.J.O"Rourke,1393 Valencia;tel.Capp 26S2.
. . • - . . . ¦THE COAST RECORD.
TACOMA, Sept. 8.— To-day's Alaska
steamers brin--- the news that the Juneau-
Skaguay cable is still unable to do busi
ness. Th_ connections at both ends are in
good order, indicating that it has. been
broken somewhere above Juneau. The ca
ble officials at Juneau believe the trouble
is caused by a splice which lies off Chll
kat Island.
Juneau-Skaguay Cable Broken.
TACOMA, Sapt. 8.— Fish Commissioner
Little returned to-day from California,
where he visited the fish hatcheries at
Battle Creek and Baird, on the Sacra
mento River, with the object of ascer
taining if any improved appliances or
methods unknown here are in use in Cali
fornia. He says the California hatcheries
are doing splendid work, but are scarcely
more up-to-date than the hatcheries now
In operation in this State.
Studying California Fish. Hatcheries.
TACOMA, Sept. 8.— After being induced,
as she says, by h^f husband to sign an
agreement permitting him to get a di
vorce and consent to the division of $7000
worth of property on his terms, Mrs. Ab
bie L.. McReavy has reconsidered her de
cision, and yesterday filed a cross-com
plaint, in • which she makes sensational
charges against her husband, L. L. Mc-
Reavy, a Northern Pacific engineer. Mrs.
McReavy first came Into prominence
about a year ago, when in a fit of tem
porary insanity she jOmped from the Oak
land ferry-boat into San Francisco Bay.
In October last she was committed to the
Steilacoom Insane. Hospital; remaining
there less than three months. She avers
she was harassed into signing the agree
ment mentioned, and alleges that her hus
band has subjected her to cruel treat
ment. • . ;
Will Contest the Divorce Suit.
GRAND HOTEL
C H Royce, Winters
A W Stuart, Cal
F Pierson, w & c. USN
Miss Caldwell, Napa
A H Denny. S Jose
T R Scott, Chicago
M T Dooling. Cal
W Russell, Oakland
R S Gobie, L Ang
J W Klnsey, Oakland
A Hammel. Alameda
W C Grlffln, Alameda
W A Velth, Fresno
M Durphy, La Grange
:_ Jacobson, Colusa
P E Lamb, Stanford
C B Wilber, Chicago
M Karpen, Chicago
H Legge, Arizona
F Moore. Marysville
S S Noon, Seattle
Dr Archer, Redding
F J Dorger. Clnn
O Neisser, Chicago
J Rleckelman, Cinn '
T F "Woodside, Cal
H Yardley & w, Sacto
E W Palmer, Chicago
J P Moore. L Ang
J W Dayton. Eureka
G McElfresh, L Ang
Mrs Carver, Stockton
Mrs Ferguson, Stocktn
H Hartwell & w, Mich
W Bennett, Stockton
F K Wilson, S Jose
G H Wright, Boston
J Harris & w, Jackson
W Alzeo & w. Cal"
C E- Hodges, Stanford
Mrs Downing, Menlo
Miss Stevenson. Menlo
A V Oliver, Cal
Dr Lovejoy. Vallejo '
J McConaghy, Cal
H Smyth, S Lorenzo
C . C Hart, Sacto
A de Ligue. Sacto
R Farrell, Nevada • .
E Hilton, S Barbara
JMcEain & w, Menlo
J McDonnell, Menlo
A W Stuart & w, Cal
P Toganazzini, Cal ¦:
L W Fanquls, Yreka
E E Wilson, Ky
H M Albery. Colusa
Mrs Albery. Colusa
PALACE HOTEL.
H P Nye, N T
H E Biron, London
B A-priall, London
S R Payne & w. Minn
J B Wootten, Stanford
H C Reislnger, USMC
T H Schumann, Ind
J C Goodwin, N Y
W S Stltt, Chicago -
O C Bersback, Chicago
Mrs C R Drake, L Ang
D Rideout, Marysville
W B Suain, Marj-evllle
A Meyerheim, N Y»
J Bryan, New York
F M Clark, N Y
E P Dunn. Santa Barb
Mrs T D Wood, Cal
L C Wood, Cal
D M Riordan, Los Ang
Miss Riordan, Ls Ang
T Maclay & w, Peta
A B Thomas. N T
E C Voorheis, Cal
J T Adams, Dubuque
Mrs E Brooks, St Cruz
Mrs N C Cope. St Cruz
F A Hihn. Sta Cruz
G J McCoy, Detroit
P A Mabury, San Jose
Miss B Mabury, S Jose
Miss E Mabury. S Jose
R Lochhind, N Z
T C Thornicraft, Eng
O H Odell & w, Mo
H G Lee, Minn
V P Strange, Sit Lake
W B Westlake. Ind
W E Travis & w. Cal
A B lies & w, N J
H E Sadler & w. Mo
Miss S Sadler, Mo
E Willetts, N Y
NEW WESTERN" HOTEL.
P Saer, New Orleans !
H Wise, New Mexico
G "Wilson. Nebraska -
T A Longstreth, Neb
T McGulre, San Joae
J Curnan, Chicago
J H Raynor, NY
J Enright. Vancouver
E E Hyde, Santa Rosa
J Mulroy, Ingleslde
D Hope & w, _e Grnde
W Devere & w, Valljo
H Sparks, Alcatraz
W A Partington, Cal
T H Woodward, Seattl
Miss Coombs, Napa
Mrs Erickson, Cal
B C Bassage. Denver .
T Ryan, Kansas City
Weather Report.
¦ (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) j
. SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 8, 1901— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations "in California to-day:
Eureka, 68; Mount- Tamalpais, 74; Independ
ence, 82; Red Bluff, 86; Fresno, 88; Log Ange
les, 78: Sacramfento, 83; San Luis Oblspo, 84;
San Diego, 68. ' •„ • •
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; minimum, 60; mean, 59.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The banquet was held In the brilliantly
Illuminated and ! richly decorated dining
room, facing the bay. The toasts, which
were preceded by verses, included the fol
lowing: "Address of. Welcome," "Sociabil
ity," "Seashore," "Friendship," "The
Mountains," "Brotherly Love," "Our
Country," "Fidelity," "The Metropolis,"
"The Ladles," "The Anniversary" and
"Our Absent Brothers." Bulletins were
frequently received during the - evening
and posted in the hotel keeping the Elks
informed of the condition of President
McKinley.
On the reception committee were W. H.
J. Mathews (chairman^. Dr. J. A. Cole
grove (secretary), A. S. Baker, Guy Smith,
G. R. Lukens, D. J. Hallahan, J. "W.
Matthews and Theo Gler.
A large number of prominent Elks ar
rived this afternoon and attended the
grand reunion In the evening at Hotel
Capitola.
The Second Regiment Band gave an
open-air concert this morning, a grand
sacred concert in the afternoon and' an
open-air concert in the evening.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 8.— Sunday was
pleasantly spent by the Elks, who are
holding their reunion at Capitola. The
day was given over to excursions and pic
nics. Driving parties were also in order
and extra launches were in the harbor, to
accommodate those who wished to take
a trip on the bay.
" The Elks' shooting club monopolized the
range built on the beach. Some very good
scores were made in the pigeon shoot.
Grand Banquet.
rive in Time to Attend the
Prominent Members of the Order Ar-
ELKS ENJOY THEMSELVES
ON BEACH AT CAPITOI/A
This afternoon the Archbishop visited
St. Vincent's Orphan Asylum, where a
class of one hundred and fifty boys were
confirmed. His Grace was assisted In the
ceremonies by Rev. John Egan, his first
assistant; Rev. Father Crowley of the
Youths' Directory of San Francisco and
the Rev. Father Phelan, the asylum chap
lain.
At the close of the ceremonies the con
victs, both Catholic and non-Catholics,
presented the Archbishop with an elab
orately engrossed address thanking him
for the aid rendered them by the church
through the ministrations of her priests.
Fathers Eggran and Phillips were heartily
thanked for their kindness to the/con
victs. To Father Sesnon, "the convicts'
friend," was conveyed the thanks of all
the prisoners, Irrespective of creed, and
an earnest prayer that God may bless and
preserve him.. The address was signed by
twelve men, six Catholics and six non-
Catholics.
SAN RAiTAEL., Sept. 8.— About twelve
hundred convicts crowded Into the library
building at San Quentin prison this morn
ing and eagerly listened to an address
delivered by his Grace Archbishop Rior
dan. Fifty-two of their number were con
firmed In the Catholic faith. Twenty re
ceived their first communion, while one
hundred approached holy communion.
Ten were baptized into the church yes
terday by Father Sesnon.
To-day was one of the most memorable
In the history of the prison. Nearly all
the convicts attended the services. The
hall was beautifully decorated for the oc
casion. Special music was provided by the
prisoners. After the eonlirniatlon cere
monies Archbishop Riordan delivered a
powerful sermon on the text, "You can
not serve two masters." It was not the
kind of an address that is usually given
to prisoners. If his Grace had occupied
the pulpit of a large church and had been
speaking to a fashionable gathering he
would have spoken much .the same. No
mention did he make of the condition of
his auditors. He spoke to his text and
commanded the closest attention through
out.
Archbishop Riordan Delivers
an Impressive Sermon
to the Men.
Many Persons Receive
Sacraments of the «;,
Catholic Church.
CONFIRMATION
AT SAN QUENTIN
v DOMESTIC PORT.' -
¦ ASTORIA— Sailed. Sept -8— Br ship Lonsdale,
from Talcahuano; U.S stmr Mohican. ,. .
Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Geo. W Elder, for San
Francisco. ' : • "jr; ,
LATE SHIPPING. INTELLIGENCE
FORECAST.
Fair weather pervails over the Pacific Slope.
Light showers have fallen over the eastern por
tion of Washington and Western Montana.
The pressure has fallen along . the California
Coast and . risen over the northern portion of
the Pacific Coast... An area of high pressure
overlies Washington,' while the lowest pressure
Is reoorted from Arizona. .' • ¦¦
¦ The temperature changes have been slight in
all districts. \ . . • ¦
Conditions , are favorable i for fair and : some
what warmer weather Monday. ¦
- Forecast' made at San Francisco ; for thirty
hours ending .midnight. September 9, 1901:
i Northern Callfornla^Fair Monday; fresh west
wind. ..--"- ' •¦¦-'• \ ¦¦ .< ¦ • ;
; Southern California— Fair Monday: light west
wind. - ¦ - .
¦ Nevada— Fair Monday; light northwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair, warmer
Monday; fresh west wind. • ~ •• ¦
• -.:.'. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Of flcial,
".-.-' ... .... ¦.,-•-• Temporarily in Charge.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
.« BK O '¦ oa "U
1 slss .*¦¦¦¦-£ i
»*«~ I lili Si II I
-'¦.'.*•..• • » .,...13
Astoria 80.14 48 64 SW Clear !fl
Baker...... 30.10 38 56 NW Clear - .0
Carson.... 29.88 38 78 NW Clear .0
Kureka.... .....30.04 50 68--N-. ¦ Clear .0
Fresno.. 29.82 50 88 "W . Clear .0
Flagstaff...: 30.00 88' 76 SW Pt Cldy .0
Pocatello,.Idaho...29.92 38 74 W Clear .0
Independence...... 29. 74 50 82 S Clear .0
Los Angeles ...29.80" 48 78 W Clear' .0
Phoenix 29.64 66 102 NW Clear .0
Portland 30.10 46 68 • NE Clear .12
RedBluff.... 29.84 56 .86 N Clear .0
Roseburg. '.....30.04 38 76 NW Clear .0
Sacramento......:. 29.87 52 82 NW Clear .0
Salt Lake 29.84 48 84 NW Clear ' .0
San Francisco. .....29.90 SO 68 -W Clear .0
San Luis Oblspo...29.86 46 68 N- Clear .0
San Diego.... 29.84 60 84 W Clear ; .0
Seattle .......30.14 42 66 W Clear .01
Spokane... ..;. 30.12 42 56 NW Cloudy .04.
NeahBay... 30.10 .. 58 N ' Clear T
Walla Walla..'. 30.10 48 64 SW-. Clear. .02
Wlnnemucca.......29.90 32 72 ,W. Clear .0
Yuma. .....29.64 68 108 W Clear .0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, .. . SE?TEMBEB 9, 1901.
11
RE.tL ESTATE^ITY—FOB 8ALB.
16500— TERMS to eult; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built;
finished by day work; every possible latest
lmpts.; heaters; 6 basins; plate and art glass
xrindowti; marine and park view; choicest of
any near panhandle; - large lot. 26:6x63x100.
Apply Fulton Bt., near Shrader; Hayes or
McAllister street care; open from 1 to 6 p. m.
AN UP TO DATE .HOUSE. ~~
$3250— $500 cash. $30 monthly; 1555 Ninth ave..
nr-ar J at., two blocks south of the Park; con-
tains fine large parlor, pleasant dining-room,
reception hall, 3 bedrooms upstairs, porcelain
bath, etc.; good neighborhood; take blue elec-
tric cars to Ninth ave. . ¦-
REAL ESTATE COUSTRY— For Sale
FOR lease— €310 acres of reclaimed tulc lands
on Middle River, 'immediately south of the
Santa Fe Railroad, and extending for five
and one-half miles along the railway line
aad for. five miles on Middle River. ,
Th- lands are thoroughly reclaimed, with
large and substantial levees and an exten-
i-ive Fystem of large drainage and Irrigation
ditches. Have six good houses and barns
already built, and lumber on the ground for
four more houses and barns.
The railroad and river afford direct and
competitive freight and passenger communi-
cation with San Francisco and Stockton and
Intermediate points, by railroad being only
a half hour from Stockton and three hours
from San Francisco.
For lease for term of years either as a
whole or in large tracts.
Offers for leasing these lands will be re-
ceived at the offices of the company up to
12 o'clock nopn, Saturday, September 14, 1901.
The company reserves the right to reject
any or all bids. Call or address ¦
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA LAND IM-
PROVEMENT CO..
Room No. 6, Tenth Floor, Mills, Bldg.,
San Francisco.
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near- Tuba
! City. Sutter County, short distance . from
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be eold in whole or in
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County; will be sold in
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two. above pieces
are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be teen .to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 49S0. Call office,
fcr Information a bargain will be given.
! $6000 — IN Fresno: Investment: two houses and
I stable, all in first-class condition; lot 150x150
1 feet: for pale on account of owner going
abroad: lease for three years; in first class
and central location; rents for foO per month;
write for full particulars.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents for This Property,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to J90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco ls growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 3C2 California st., for pam-
phlets cr information.
$2300— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
I CHOICE farm bargains: call or s*?nd for list.
i Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRT and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. R. 'WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA. REAL ESTATE.
LOOK AT THESE FOR BARGAINS^
Some real snaps in elegant new houses. Come
and see us and' look at these beautiful homes.
We have two new 6-room cottages, conven-
iently located to trains and street cars.
Offer wanted on a 4-room cottage; lot 30x150.
Elegant 6-room cottage. ¦ Price 12500 on easy
terms.
We deal only In special bargains.
If you want to buy, rent or sell property call
and see us.
W. K. CONGER & CO.,
1501 Park gt.. Alameda.
Phone Grand 176.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms. Park st.. near station;
! offer wanted.
i House of 6 rooms, all modern: Cedar st,
; near Clinton ave.; nearly new; modern; $2500.
i 10-room cottage, large grounds, near Park st. ;
i offer wanted; must be eold.
! Two-story. 9-rooms, nearly. new; Central ave.;
j must be sold.
! $5iOO— Two fine water front lots, near Mor-
I ton st.; fine properties for exchange, improved
I and unimproved.
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st.. Alameda.
LOOK— For sale; house and lot. 7 rooms, bath;
2 blocks from Park Bt. in Alameda: a bar-
gain; must be solj at once. Key at 815 Wash-
ington St.. Oakland, owner. ' •
FOR rent, furnished— Beautiful home of 9
rooms in best locality. Apply 1315 San An-
tonio ave.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; *4 cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
! OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAYP
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.-
! ANY MAN
with $100 to pay down
who can afford
eay $20 per month • '
can buy this place.
Or J600 down
and J14 per month
< including Interest)
will answer.
Or we will allow a. liberal discount for the
payment of the whole amount (.$1600) spot cash.
The house- contains:
Eight rooms and bath,
bay-window and hall;
on the sunny side,
of the local train. •..
"* -You would pay
at least $14 rent
for this same house.
HERE'S A FINE PLACE.
$1800 buys this place — Iri Piedmont; cozy,
modern, pretty Easilake cottage of 5 large
rooms, with bath, hall, 2 bay-windows, high
: basement, brick foundation; ornamental pressed
: brick chrmney; solid walnut mantel; lot 50x
110 feet: note the size; on the sunny side; high
i ground and right close to the cars. Th^ee
years' insurance in advance free. Improve-
ments alone worth the price asked. Monthly
payment plan as above if desired. Send for
photograph of it if you can't call.
; Here's a smaller place: »
4 rooms and porcelain bath;
bay-window and large hall;
modern, pretty and nearly new; .
street work all done:
close to San Pablo avenue. •
Price only $1500.
and the same plan of payments.
As a small Investment
This la choice.
$2760. Two cottaxes of •
¦ _ x 4 and 5 rooms — and nice;
, .. with a lot 65x150 feet;
fronting on main street;
through to rear street;
renting for $324 per year,
and well worth $3500.
This ls sure prospective
' business property.
These are only a few of the choice snaps we
have on hand.
Our list is so extensive that we are safe to
eay: .
We have Just what you' want!
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. .
Exclusive Bargain Agents, \
1008 Broadway.
Near Tenth st.. Oakland.
WANTED— A bearing fruit ranch; must be a
bargain; buildings no ohject; no trlflers.
Send price and description to box 2304, Call
office. Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price foi-
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1*,18 Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND KURXITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellbaas, tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny single and douWe
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
EDDY, 445— Large sunny rooms; newly fur-
nlshed; privilege of kitchen: bath; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 620— Reopened, large rooms on first
floor for families with children; large ' ground.
HOWARD, 1063—2 completely fur. sunny con-
necting rooms; running -water;, range;. $10.
HOWARD court, 22. bet. 4th and 5th. off How-
ard— 2 housekpg rooms, furnished complete.
HYDE, 408— Sunny suite complete for house-
keeping, $16; also sunny basement suite, yard,
laundry. $12. . : _
LANGTON. 212%. near Seventh— Three large
unfurnished housekeeping rooms; large sunny
• yard. . - •¦¦.-' .--....¦'•'..,
LASKIE, 27, between Eighth and Ninth, off
Mission — 3 sunny furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping.
2 NICE large completely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; north of Market; rent $15. Ad-
dress box 1SL Call office.
MINNA. 649— A large - front room, furnished
for housekeeping; $8. • • • ¦ ,.
MISSION, 945— A front room with folding bed
and kitchen complete for housekeeping.. ."
NATOMA, 152, near New Montgomery— A sunny
room, with use of kitchen.: - ¦'.-¦¦¦¦ ;«• •
OAK, 111—3 nice sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas; stove and bath.
.RAILWAY TBAVEL.
A REGULAR Auction Sale EVERT *v__
TUESDAY at 1140 Folsom street at 11 •?^
a. m. of the largest stock of horses, wagons,
buggies, carts, harness and saddles that waa
ever offered on the market.
SAM WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains l«»»« nn.l nrr diif to nrrlf • »»
ran ntANttiaro.
(Main Lino.' Toot of Market 3treet)
1MT» » — THOU JPI.T It. 1301. — iMIW
7:00a Bealcla, Bulaan, Elaalr* and Stcn*
bo«oW> BiS.lp
7:«0a V»o»»U1o, Winters, Ramsey 7iO3r
?:SOa Murtiuoi, 8»u U»uiou. Vailejo. JSap*.
- f CaUstoga and Santa Ron «:33r
8:OOa Datia, Woodland, Knlgnu Landing,
>iarj»TUle. Oroilll*. 7:5Sy
»i0»* Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden and East 1 3:2.1 p
¦iOOa Nile*. Lathrop, Stockton ~:3:»r
»i«O* NUm, Mendota. Banfard. VteaU*.
PotterrUla 4:53r
¦>3Oa Bfctnta Express— D»tU, Wllliaau ( for
Bartlett Sprints), WlUowi. Bed
Bluff. Portland/. 7iS3»
¦iBOa Han Joae, IJiermote, Stockton.
. Iono, Saoramonto. PlttosrriUa.
M«rj»»llle, Chloo, lteJ Dliiff 4it3r
»i30a Oakdale. Chiaeaa (Toseolte}, 8o-
I nora. Carters 4i23r
9:OOa Hay ward. Kllu and War Stations.. « 1 iM*
»t««AVmlleJo 12:33r
UiOOa IiOS Angeles Exprsms — If artlnsx,
Tracy, Lathrop. dtockton, lleroed
Vroano and Los Asfi9l«« 7:23y
9:110 A Vallrio. Martinez and War Stations 7:55*
- I«:t»OA Th»O»9rland Limited— Ogdeo. JDen-
T«r, Omaha. Chleaco S>B9p
fliOOr Saoramento Kit or iU«»mer». ........ fSiOOA
8>80r Hayward, Nllrs and War Station*.. 7i33r
4ttt«r Ueuicla, Winters, flaoraiaento,
Woodland. Kulgata Lasdloc
MaryaTille. OroTilla 1»:33a
4iOOr Martiuex, Hau Jlaiaon. Vallejo,
Napa. Oallatnca. Santa Rom ViSSa
4sO«r KUea, LiTenaon. Stockton, Lodl... 1 »¦*¦>*
. 4i3Ur Hsrward, Mies, (Jan Jose. liTermon t »>•¦»« a
4iS0r Port 0o»»», Tracj. Lathiop, Btooktoa 10i33a
BiOOpThe Owl Limited— «"re»uo, Tolaia,
BakenSeld. Baagoa tot Santa Bar*
oara, Los Aocelea 8i33a
Bi««r Haitiors. Antloch, Stockton, Mar-
ced, Fresno ....;.. I*i33y
. B«O»p Tosomlto 12»*3#
BiUfMe* Orleans Eipre™— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakcnfleid, Los Ancelea,
DotclDft, £1 Paso, Now Orleana
and East 7)83.1
8:©0p Bay ward. NHes and Son Jo«e....... TiSSa
t«t«Or Tallalo ;, 11iS3a
0>0«r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyonno.
Omaha, Chtcaco -™ lS>33r
•tOwr Oriental iUH— Ofdea, Denier,
St. Louis. Chicago.... titSy
. TiO*r Orofou and California Express, 8ao-
' raineiila, MaryiTll!*. Itedriliif,
' l'ortlaii<l. Pnzet Hound and Kast »s33 A
>t«3r8an Pablo, Port Costa, Martiae*
and Way Stations HiWa
t8»«5f Tallgjo 7«Sa»
COAST LINE (Hurra 0a«s«).
(Foot of Murket Street.)
' 17i43a Santa Omz Xxeonion to danta> Ctna
and Principal Way Stations J8:03*
i Sit3ANewark.Ce»tsrTlU«,8aaJoae,7*ltoB t
Boulder Cnek.Sauta Ornx aad Way
Stations ., Si3»»
f9il Dp Kewark. CenterTllle, San Jon, New
- ' Almadeo. Felton, Bonlder Creak.
. Santa Cras and Principal War
Stations l»i»#A
4i1Sf Nowark, San Jose, Loa Oatos t9' n «>A
je«i!8r Qlenwood.BouldCT Creek 1 , BantaCrni « 8i30a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm SIS FRiS CISCO— Foot of Kaikit Stfeet (31i? 8>— -
t7:16 8:00 11:00a.m. 1:53 3:C3 Z:H'M. ¦
rrcmOllUla— JuUtBrudw.j.— 1«:00 {8:00 13:03
10:00 a.m. 18:03 8:03 4:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad flange).
(Third and ToTnaend Sta.) v^
' 6: 1 Oa Ban Jo«o and Way Stations.......... 0i2»a.
t7i#0A Han Jose and Way Stations... liSOr
/7««»**few Almaden..... /4>l«p
J7::£Oa Sunday Excursion for Sao Jos*.
Bant* Crnz. Ptciflo Grore and
Principal Way Stations JS:30>
»iOOA»an Jos*. Hollbter. Manta Cn«.
Paollie tiroTe, Halinas, .an Lnla .
Obispo. Santa Barbara and* I*rin-
dpal IntermedUte Htations. ....... 7>3o-p
IOiSOa Ban Jose and Way Stations- C:30r
11:30a Hau Jose mid Way HUtlou StUOp
1 3:43p Ban Mateo. Itrdwoo.1, Msnlo Park. -
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose.
Hollfater, Santa Onix. Salinas.
Monterey and Paolflo Orot* tl*>:43A
ItlOr 8an Jose, Tres Plnos, 8ant» Cras,
Paolflo Groro and Way Stations -f tlo?
f4>13p San Joseand Principal Way Stations «i-»5 a
tSiOOpSan Jose, Los Qatos and Principal
Way Stations f»:«©»
BtSOp San Jose and PHnelpal Way Stations 8:30a
SiOOp Bedwood. San Joe*, Giliny, Salinas,
* Santa Barbara, Loa Angeles. 1 0:0.1 \
\ 6:a«p San Jose and Way dtatious f 1 '" 11 *
«lli4.tp San Jose and TVay Stationii - 7;3Oy
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
tSnndayexeeptsd. t Sunday only.
C Saturday only. * Monday.
« Saturday and Bandar. / Tuesdays and Fridays,
<~ ' =L ~
CAL1F0BNIA NORTDWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
R/ILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Mar\«* St.
San Fran:is;i> to ban IUii'imC
WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. to.; I2:J3.
t:30, 6:10, 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at V.'Ji
and 11:30 p. m. v
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 1:M»
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
1 San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:10, 1'Mi 9:», liao a. m.; 13:45.
t:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturday a— Extra trips at l:ii
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:11, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40.3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrtvt
San Francisco. I April 13, 1901.1 San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I I Son- I Week ¦
Days. I days. | Destination. ¦ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 13:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
S:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 an
6:00 pm Healdsburs, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
'S:30pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pra 8:20 pra
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
1:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm[ 8:20 pm
7:30 am 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 5:C0 pm <:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:13 am 8:40 am
and I |
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen, f 8:05 pm C:20 pm
7:30 am] 8:00 am] 110:40 am|10:2S am
»:30 pmf 6:00 pmj Bel>a»topot. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
SprlDgs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservljle for Skagsa Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncai
Springs, HlKhland "Sprlnss. Kelseyvlll*, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. L.ler!ey*«. Bueknell's.
Sanhedrin Helehts, Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brars. West-
port. UsaT, WHUts, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olaen'i. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. •&•_
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points ,
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C WM1X1XO. R. 3C KTAW.
Gen. Manuager. Gen. Pass. Ajjt.
E7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 148 San Carlos avenue, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth streets. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
YURETICH— In this city, September 7, 1901,
George Yuretich, dearly beloved husband of
Mrs. Hannah Yuretich, father of Peter Yu-
retich, and stepfather of . George Mellck, a
native of Austria, aged 65 years and 6
months. ...••».
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Valente, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street, near j Union, under the auspices
of the Austrian Benevolent Society. Inter-
ment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
CCyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 718 Green street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WEDEMEYER— In this city, September 8, 1901,
Mathilda, beloved 'wife of Henry C. Wede-
meyer, mother of Willie Wedemeyer,
daughter of Mrs. M. Kissling, and sister of
Mrs. Regina Jensen and Maggie and Daniel
Kissling, a native of Colusa County, Cal.,
aged 25 years 3 months and 28 days.
.. A. J. WALTJEN, C. of R.
VALLARTA— In this city, September 8, 1901,
. Eligia .Aranda de Vallarta, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. Clotilda Carranza and Mrs.
Maria Schussel, and beloved grandmother of
Lupe Carranza and Lillle Schussel. a native,
of Mexico, aged 42 years 9 months and 7
days. ¦ -
¦ CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2110 Larkin street, thence by
11:30 train from Third and Townsend streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RUBEN— In Fresno, September 8, 1901, Robert
Ruben, beloved husband of Lena Ruben, and
father of Paul Ruben and Mrs. Ida Ellis, a
native of Germany, aged 66 years.
IT-"" Interment in San Francisco. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
UNKOVICH-Limo Unkovlch, a native of Moj-
dez, Bocche dl Cattaro, Austria, aged 21
years and. 6 months. ,
AHWASHTE Tribe No. 89, Imp. O. R. M.—
Chief 8 and members: You are hereby notl-
: lied to attend the funeral of our late brother
from Godeau's undertaking. parlors, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock, thence to Russian Church, Powell
street, between Union and Filbert. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
. • E. P. McENTIRE, Sachem.
¦ tcy Friends- and 'Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), * at 9 o'clock, from his ' late resi-
dence, 2927 Webster street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery.
MYALL— In this city, September 8, 1901, Ed-
ward Myall, aged 89 years and 2 months.
£_?" Funeral services from the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. Thomas Denigan, • 1715
Octavia street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock. Interment at San Jose.
ORNSBY— In this city, ' September 7, 1901,
.Mary, beloved wife of C. T. Ornsby, and
dear mother of May and Georglna Martin, a
native of England, aged 63 years and . 9
months. :. • ..
"t-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
f of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
; thence to St. Patrick's Church for services at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
I by electric car from Fourteenth and Mission
¦'streets. •. . .* ¦ . - ... ', ;>> , . ,
McNAMARA— In this city, September 8, 1901,
Kate, beloved wife of the late James J. Mc-
Namara, and mother of James J., Lilly,
Katter John "and Annie McNamara and Mrs.
Charles Chase, a native of Ireland, * aged 42
years.- - ¦ . - ¦ .
MULDOON— In this city, September 7. 1901,
John, beloved - husband of Bridget A. Mul-
doon, .and loving father of Mary Rose Mul-
doon, a native of . Londonderry, Ireland, aged
61 years- and -.7 months. . A .
tt_T Friends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, at the
parlors of'N." Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock, train from Third and
Townsend streets.
JOHNSON — In Napa, September 7, 1901,
George, beloved husband of Bridget Johnson
of Vallejo. a native of North Yaneth.. Me.,
¦ aged 70 years. . ... -¦ ' .
father of Zephora Jacobs, a native of New
York, aged 52- years. ..¦•...-. . . N - :
' '•-:¦¦-- . - - 1 -** fi?- 1 !?-*^- 9 ' "I-'. -'---'l .'-•-'•
PRO^OSALS^foT^lothlng and Equip-geT Depot
Quartermaster's Office,.' 36 New Montgomery
". st.. San Francisco, ; Cal., September 9, 1901—
. Sealed- proposals, • in,- triplicate,' will be re-
ceived 'at this' office until- 10 o'clock a. m.,
.Wednesday. September 25, 19U1. Pacific Stand-
ard Time, and then opened, for' furnishing
Black Hats for Prisoners, Unbleached Drill-
ing, Unbleached Muslin, ; Unbleached Duck,
¦¦• Canton Flannel, Naphtaline, Hoop Iron. Seal-
": ing Wax. Petroleum Paper, Wrapping Paper,
S. B. Kersey. . Proposals ¦ for less quantities
than advertised' for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must state
..In their proposals the rate and .time of de-
livery should contract be awarded to them.'
"Preference ' will be given to articles . of do-
mestic production and manutacture. condl-
g tions of price and quality being equal . (in-
cluding In the price' of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), "and' such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
: can production and manufacture produced on
' . the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
. cept or reject any or all proposals or. any part
thereof. Information and blanks for propc—
¦ sals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will beiindorsed,
"Proposal No. 80S6. C. and E.," and ad-
j dressed to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG. Quar-
•¦ termaster, U. S. JVrmy, Depot -Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Transport Service Clothing,
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-'
gomery st.,' San Francisco, Cal., September
9. 1901— Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will bl
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,.
; Wednesday, i September 25. 1901, Pacific Stand-
ard Time, and then opened, for furnishing
D. B. Cloth Caps, White Duck Caps, Cap
I Ribbons. Dungaree Coats. Dungaree Trousers,
"Working Jumpers, Working Trousers, White
Duck Jackets. Lanyards, Silk Neckerchiefs,
¦ Black Overshirts, White Duck Trousers, D.
B. Trousers. Proposals for Ies3 quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must state In
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them. Prefer-
• ence Will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality, being equal (including in the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty, thereon), and such' preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture . produced on the Pacific
Coast,, to the extent of the consumption re-
, quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept, or
reject any or all proposals or -any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
i be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be indorsed. "Proposals
, . No. 8096, T. S. C." and addressed- to MAJOR
1 OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Hay and Oats, Depot Quarter-
. master's Office. 36 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco, Cal., September 7, 1901.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, . will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Tuesday,
September 17, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing hay and oats. Pro-
posals for less quantities than advertised for
! will be entertained. Bidders must- state in
' their 'proposals the rate and time, of delivery
. ehould contract be awarded to them, and that
no proposition should be made which they are
not- positive that they can absolutely fulfill.
. Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production and manufacture, conditions of
; price and quality being equal (including in
the price of; foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given" to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the., extent "of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The United
States reserves the right to accept or reject
any or all proposals ¦ or any part thereof. In-
formation and blanks for proposals will be
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals will be indorsed "Proposals No.
S188," and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F.
LONG, . Quartermaster, -U. . S. Army, , Depot
Quartermaster.
BIRTHS— MARRI-.QES—DEATHS.
v ' : ' , .¦
Birth, .marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In tt either of the oubllcatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name' and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MAERIED.
FOLEY— KLENCK— In this" city, September 7,
1901, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, Fred-
erick W. Foley and Margaret K. Klenck,
both of San Francisco.
MARTIN— RALEIGH— In this city, September
7, 1901. by the Rev. Frank S. Ford. Albert
J. . Martin and Lillle E. Raleigh, both of San
Francisco. • . j .
MOHLER— CROSS— In this city. September 8,
1901, at the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, John
A. Mchler of "Woodland, Cal., and Mary E.
Cross of Boston, Mass.
SCHLUTER-RISSLAND-In this city, Sep-
• tember 7, 1901, by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Claus J. Schluter and Mathilde J. Rissland.
SHERLOCK— KETELS— In this city, Septem-
ber 8. ¦ 1901, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Walter
' A. Sherlock .of .Butte, Mont., and. Gertrude
I. Ketels. '¦:¦¦ ,- + -. y ,-• . -... ...¦..-*".-¦
Beeny, Theodore \ . Muldoon.' John
Carrington, Luman ' • Myall, Edward >
Douglas; Thomas .: Ornsby, Mary ¦
¦ Driscoll. Walter Ruoen, Robert '
Finneran, Lawrence Unkovlch, Limo -
Flood. Rose A. Vallarta, Eligia A.
Jacobs, Ephraim . Wedemeyer, Mathilda
Johnson, George Yuretlch, George
McNamara. Kate ¦
BEENY— In Marysville, September 6, 1901,
Theodore Beeny, husband of Jennie Beeny,
and son of Mrs. Mary and the late George
w. Beeny.
C-fThe remains will arrive at Sixteenth-
street depot, Oakland, at 10 o'clock this (Mon-
day) morning, and the interment will take
place at Mountain View Cemetery at 10:30
o'clock.
CARRINGTON— In this city, September 7, 1901.
Luman H.- Carrlneton, beloved husband of
Mary B. Carrington. loving father of Blanche
and Maude Carrington, beloved son of Mar-
• tha L. and the late Henry L. Carrington.
and brother of. Lyman M. Carrington,
a native of Ohio, aged 40 years 3 months and
26 day3.
("_**Krlends and acquaintances and members
of Court ¦ Twin Peaks No. 7556, A. O. F.,
and Abraham Lincpln Council No. 2, Jr. O. .
U. A. M., are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral to-day (Monday), at I o'clock,
from ' the funeral parlors of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co., 318 Mason street, between
O'Farrell and Geary. ' Interment Cypresa
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Fourteenth and Mission streets.
OFFICERS and members of Court Twin Peaks
No. 7556,- ¦ A: O. F.— You are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of. our late brother, L.
¦ H. Carrington, from the parlors of Charles
H. J. Truman & Col, 318 Mason street, to-
day (Monday), at 1 o'clock. By order
P.. L. MOORE. C. R.,
ALEX SMITH. F. S.
OFFICERS and members of Abraham Lincoln
Council No. 2, Jr. O. U. A. M., are hereby
notified to be present at the funeral of our
late brother, L. H. .Carrington, to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 31S
Mason street. By ' order of • - •
B. W. RIVERS, Councilor.
H. C. PUCKHABER.Rec. Sec.
DOUGLAS— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Thomas Douglas, to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 8 o'clock, at St. Michael's Church.
Ocean View. Friends are Invited. .-
DRISCOLL— In Oakland, • September 7, 1901.
Walter Driscoll, beloved son of Mary and
James J. Driscoll, and brother of William,"
• James, Edward and Reta Driscoll, a native
of - Oakland, aged 8 years . 1 month and 7
days. - i. ' * '¦¦-.-•¦
i c_s*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1666 Fifth street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FINNERAN— In this city, September 7, 1901,
Lawrence P., beloved husband of Kate Fin-
neran, and brother of Kate Finneran, a na-
tive of New York, aged 45 years.
FLOOD— In ' this city. September 6, 1901, Rose
A., beloved wife of Luke Flood, and mother
of Mangle A. Flood, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 47 years and 7 months.
[_*-'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 •„ o'clock, from her late
residence, 417 Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
• will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. :"• ¦" .,¦' ¦'¦.'¦-¦
JACOBS— In thUi city. September 7. 1901, Eph-
raim, beloved husband of. Clara Jacobs, and
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
I - ¦. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTOR8 AND EMBALMERS.
20 ¦ Flfthlet., opposite Lincoln School. . '
. ¦ , -Telephone South 80. . '¦ .
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
"¦_.;;¦ Ban Mateo County."
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
' ' J. HENDERSON.' Manager.
/V_t. Oliyet Cemetery,
Santa Fe Trains
¦ Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily * • Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:*!) p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p '
•• Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p.
•'.Fresno 2:05 p- 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
V Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla... 3:40 p 4:48 a
•' Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:43 a 7:30 a
" Chicago. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, • leaving Monday and Thursday only.'
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dinlns
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car nun
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers.' No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
Ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. in. 'is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
. 8:00 p.' m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. ' m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. ls Pakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points "n San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Office!" — 641 Market' street and in Fen-
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. ¦ • '. .- ¦-'..--
°i^ "special price" sale during the past
week has been a most wonderful one. Many*
people have been surprised and delighted with
the bargains we have given them.. You may
nave Just as good a chance If you'll come
now apd let us tell you the price and chow
you the goods. Seeing is believing.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
, 769 Market 6t.
AJCY . P^no sold by us taken back any time
-lthln 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
Fr.ce; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KQHLER f CHASE. 30 aFarrell
tt.; established 1850.
P T A ?2f~ Steck - Evere tt. Harflman. Packard.
Ludwlg and others; 20 different factories rep-
£ es «* 1 t < L d: """holes-le end retail. THE WILEY
p. ALLE-l CO.. 933 Market Et. (opp. Mason);
-ranch store. 951 Broadway. Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Pohraer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester, Ham-
ilton and Epielman r'anos to be had new
only at BYP.ON MAUZY'S. 30S. £10. 812 Post.
LEFT on sale— Novella upright, J37: Steinway
upright. HC). Room 38. 217 Geary Et.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Fine large 3-pedal up-
_rlght piano; leaving city. 770 O'Farrell st.
6TEINWAY. $200; Hartman. flOO; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
ELEGANT piano a* good en new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT -». K P FFE -' S ' K Turk ¦*- =ear Market-
Shonlnger. fechubcrt and Steinway bargains.
J7^ AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE"S
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
A £*Tng£t 2^ Pes t "£*- tnK> PlaQ3 tOT m5 *
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. J3 per
co. FCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 5C0 HayVs.
EfPKP.lOP. violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mt'LLRR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
C *™Z™^Z\nirJr* h A^ **' cheap -
• oiiZ
£"!.. tanks. FecoTid-har.rt. tn good crder: all
M''*'"' f '"**n. H fv TVT'TTF. f.i« MlF«lf»n st
- ~J~^!TCH!Hi' i *M» nBCOR4TORi.
"ROOMS papered from $3 up: whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 r.d: tel. Red 35.1.
~s~__- PALMISTRY.
"MRS LAMB. ecien^lnTl^nns^iead^LnTTace
reading: logons given. C17 Jones et.
JfHYSICIAXS AJVO SURGEONS.
D 5i4_' »?• £^XVra-L>rO_fax_ndf-d-_>ctt,
M-l"? Market gt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all dif eases of the human body; see
testimonials st officp. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A-DR. WOXG WO, herb doctor: sanitarium,
~>**-766 Clay St.; pee testimonials at office.
DR. XG TOY KEE. .10 Stockton St.. cpp.
Union square: nil diseases cured by herbs.
ra_xsos_x&;
IF your hair is falling or you are bald call
en Dlt. G. S. MOORli. 332 O - Farrell st.. and
you will not be ditappointed; this remedy in
positively jjuaiantea J ; preparation sent to all
parts cf tlie world: call or send for circular.
WANTED— A rich young lady who Is the onlir
child in family to wed a rich young man who
is alsj an only child. Box 137. Call.
ELECTRIC lisht in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
l".c to Jl r,0 per night; Jl i.0 to $S per week;
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Si WEEKLY- Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $:5 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; e!e-
frznt overcoats, $15 vn. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market »t.. between Seventh and Eij-hth.
TURKISH baths & scientific massage given by
3. Swedish nurse; ladies & rents. 231 Taylor
tft ,' ovfr fruit store; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. nx.
KITE <=r.arapl iron bed« single, thre^-quarter
er double. «2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. ::ifl-131S Stockton gt.. near Broadway.
SANITARIUM, Turkish baths and massage;
select ratrons. E. RALPH. 156 Eddy st_
HOWLING— New Fourth-st. Bowling Alley;
open day and night. SO 1 . Fourth St.
LADIES— Get tree trial Dixon's Hair Remover;
permanent. £35 Market; sample mailed 25c.
OBEPITT cured ;ro dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia Et.. bet. ISth and ISth.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: ;t>c: a!l druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Heruia: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
EUPERFLTJOV: ::_Ir and m.,.-* unuuysa with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1U9 Sutter st, i
TAILOR-MADE suit?. 57 50; dress pants. S2 50. !
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Rush. and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. SIT Market ft.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
<-oi:r»rv orders. cnr.DgTfTN R- CO.. 7S*t Mkt.
PLAMSG AXD TVUVIXC MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
ar.d Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. SS Fremont st.
HEAL ESTATE: CITV FOR SALS.
EA-TON. ELD-UDGE _ CO., ~~~
CS MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY .."....'..'....SEPT. 10. 1901
at 12 o'clock noon,
at our salesroom. 63S Market Et.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
North, side (Xo. 1571) Fmtoa Bt., 55:10*4 feet
east of Lyon, an elegant modern residence, 9
rooms, basement and attic; four beautiful
mantels, porcelain tub: orx^n sanitary plumb-
ing; all in good condition; built by days'
labor by the present owner, a builder for his
"vrn home; *_:;o can remain en mortgage; lot
-rlOO feet.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
North eide tNc«. _116-211_-2120-3__> 23d St.,
77:6 feet west or Folsom. etore and three
rooms and thrc-e flats. _-4-4 rooms and bath.
Modern ana well built; rents $80* per annum;
could be easllv increased; eunny side of street;
lot 4"._£", feet.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
North side (So. 2806) £2d st., 55 feet west cf
Noe. handsome, nanny, well-built house of 9
rooms and Dorcelain bath, sanitary plumbing;
fine mantels and modern in every detail; only
cr.« block from Castro St. cars; lot 25x101:6
feet.
POWELL STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Ec_t &ide (Xo. 101S) Powell et., 83 feet eouth
of Washington, three-story house. -9 rooms;
rents $20 per month; numerous sales In this
neighborhood testify to the rapid increase in
valuation of this property; lot 23x60 feet,
MISSION IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North side (No*. 23e4-3366-33eS-3370) 18th at..
122:6 feet east of Mission, three-story house of
13 rooms and two flats of 4-5 room» and bath
each; sunny aide of etreet; rents $660 per an-
num; let 60x6!) feet.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
North etde of Chestnut Bt-. 124:3 feet west of
Van Ness ave., and south side of Francisco St.,
124:3 feet west of Van Ness ave.. 10 lots, 27:6x
1S7:C feet each. Thesa lots are all graded and
ready for building, only a «hort distance from
Van Ness ave and Lombard et boulevards and
Black Point Reservation. Beautiful marine
view. High-class flats and residences only are
being built In this locality.
SOUTH OF GOLDEN GATE PARK.
Weet side of 44th ave., 200 feet south of J
ct., rear the ocean boulevard and park. Prop-
erty In this vicinity Is being rapidly Improved
• and there will be a wonderful advancement In
In the near future; _;_100. • ¦¦¦">-¦..
MISSION COTTAGE.
East side of Hampshh-e st. (No. 821). 213 feet
south of 2Cth. good cottage of 4 rooms and high
basement; rents $12 per month; lot 25x100 feet.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE CORNER LOT.
Southwest corner of Golden Gate ave and
Baker St.. fine large corner lot, level and ready
for building. Handsome site for stores and
flats. In a" location where good rents could
be obtained. Lot 37:G_S6:10. j
"WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
"West side (No. 2763) Octavia St.. 75 feet south
of Union. Handsome sunny cottage. 6 rooms
and basement. Well built and in first-class
cond'tion. Choice neighborhood and conveni-
ent to car lines. Lot 31x72 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGF* & CO..
' ' ' 638 Market st.
MARINE VIEW.
6EE THOSE TWO NEW HOUSES.
ICo. 2506 Green et., near Bcott, and
No". 2S13 Scott St., near Green,
Just finished and for sale at bargain figure*
and on easy payments If desired; unobstructed
marine view; main floor beautifully finished
with hardwood floors; 7 bedrooms and 2 baths,
with porcelain tubs; basement contains wine
room, ftoreroom and furnace; gas and elec-
tric fixtures throughout: bouses planned by
Architect EDGAR MATTHEWS. Key at
owner's. 2510 Green Bt.
OWNERS of property or lota north of Vailejo
end west of Hyde as far as Presidio and In
I'ichmond. north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUNN. C30 California Bt.. S. F. _av-
yi_g« Union bulldiner. - '..¦•*¦;
tlX. eieven and eight room cottages: also two
V flat houses in block between lTtn, 18th, Castro
and Noe sts.; % caeh, balance monthly pay-
ment.; Castro or Guerrero-. t can. F. NEL-
fcON. builder. \
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPINC— Con.
O"FARREIJ_, 917—3 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; bath and use fef laundry.- ' ; ¦ \ ¦
POLK, 1002— S and 6 room •suites, completely.
furnished for housekeeping:: cheap; reference.
SOLAR FLATS. 625 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
style;.! to & room, suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; Janitor. .
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping. _- ' ., . . • , - * '
STEVENSON, 619 — 1 rooms, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping, for sale cheap.
THIRD. 625 — 3 unfurnished rooms for 'housed
keeping; use of bath and washtubs. " : . ;
WALLER," 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful suite of sunny parlors, lavatory, hot
and cold water, bath, gas, grate; grand view;
also sunny bedroom; private;. $15 for %2; $13
for 3. - • ¦ '- r . - ¦-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia at. .- - > . . -¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn* and Unfurn.
A— AN elegant front parlor suite; sunny; hand-
somely furnished, with running water; phone
and gas fireplace; to 1 or 2 gentlemen pre-
ferred; In private family ; v finest location in
clty.\ 1242 California st. .
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, ' 50c up; jneals,- 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 234 Me Allistcr— New, . elegant, sunny ;
grill attached ; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take MeAUIster-Bt. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $150 per week- up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central. ¦
BETHEL House," S23 Mission— Furnished and
housekeeping rooms; day, week or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
¦ ni&hed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA; 1242— An elegant sunny parlor
suite: bay-window; gas; fireplace; every con-
venience: finest location; private family; gen-
tlemen • preferred. ;
CLIFFORE), 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210— Newly furnished single and double
rooms tS up; central location. '
EDDY, 624— A large nicely furnished room;
strictly private family.
ELLIS. 63*. corner Larkin — Sunny front room,
?13;- bedrooms, $7 to $9. • ¦
FOLSOM, 776V4— Neatly furnished bay-window
. room; every convenience; reasonable., j . :
$1 10 WEEK — Large sunny furnished room;
closet; bath. Call by 8 p. m. at 834 Folsom st.
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137, bet. Van Ness & Franklin— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, en suite or single; bath.
GREEN. 1911, near Laguna— Bay window front
room, large and light, for 1 or 2 persons; rent
$10. '
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et.. near Market— Central location; new bulld-
- Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best -in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st. ¦ ;
HOWARD. 17lii near Thirteenth st.— Nice
furnished room for gentleman; bath; cheapT
over store. ,
LARKIN, 817%— Nicely furnished front room;
reasonable; gentlemen preferred.
LARGE, desirable front room; easy walk to
Market and Kearny; private family. Box 205,
Call Office. • - ¦ ¦ -¦¦..-
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET, 1055, opp. Jones— Upstairs furnished
rooms; for transient; for travelers; baths.
'MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.: single rooms. $10 up.
MASON, 107 — Sunny front rooms ; newly fur-
nished ; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEWjmnny upper flat, 6 rooms. . 407 Grove st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FAERELL, 317 — Furnished sunny rooms; very
reasonable; with bath; private family^
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell St.— Fui nished front
suite and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
RAUSCH. 19A— 2 unfurnished rooms and hall,
newly painted and papered; rent $5. : "
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$?; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms, with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SPRUCE. 422 — 2 furnished rooms; sun all day
in both rooms; desirable location; rent rea-
sonable to right party.
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites' and
eingle rms.; run, water: baths; phone; cheap.
TAYLOR, 106— Double and single beds, $1 50
week; other rooms, 25c per night
TAYLOR. 2S8— House Just furnished new; choice
rooms from $S up.
THE BERLIN*. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient. . •_
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ~
ROOMS AND BOARD.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
THE Crocker, 315 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite; splendid for gents; board.
PINE. 793 — Lovely sunny rooms; excellent
board; j20 to $30 per month.. • '
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome, furnished parlors.
all con v.. sunny suites; best table board.
ROO9IS AND BOARD WANTED.
TWQ or three rooms; unfurnished, except car-
" pets; board;. couple; north Market. Box 177,
Call office, f ¦ - . ¦ ¦ . .¦
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By a young couple, 2 " furnished
rooms for housekeeping: running water; rent
not to exceed $12. Address box 231, Call. ¦¦ ,
SPECIAL NOTICES;
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., '.rooms 9-10; tel, 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel." Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st.: phono Jackson 281.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
dIcvIDEND liotice— Dividend No. 31 (20,.cents~
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
. Company will be payable at the office of th<5
compan_ 227 Market St., on. and after Tues-
day, September 10, ¦ 1801. .Transfer books
closed "Wednesday, September. 4. 1901, at 12
o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary. '
OFFICE of the Contra Costa, Water Co.. roora
¦ 16, eecond floor. Mills building, : San Fran-
cisco. Sept. 3, 1901— Dividend No. 192 of ¦ 42
cents per share on the -capital stock of the
CONTRA COSTA WATER COMPANY will
be payable at ' the office of said 'company,
room 16, second floor, Mills building, on Sept.
15. 1901. Transfer books will close on Sept.'
S, 190L at 3 p. tn. ¦
- EDWARD McSARY, Secretary.,
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 33, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
ctock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia Et., San Francisco, on September 10, ,. 1S01.
¦ Transfer books close Sept. 3, .1901, at noon.
JULIAN SONNTAG. Secretary. pro' tem.> .
SUPPLIES. .
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWR-TElTs^W^
sell better machines -for less money than any.
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. . 2d-hand, - all makes, ¦ at : low
figures. L. & M.'ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters ; new. $60 ; anti-trust ;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
•JAMBS McGINN, •
Formerly with- McGinn . Bros., has opened
new Funeral- Parlors at 214 Eddy _t bet
Taylor . and ' Jones. : Telephone South 576
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st.y Tel.' South 167. '
FUNEBAO DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at* Moderate Rates. '
. . Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEX*. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. «-:30. U a, m.,
U:43. »l:45, 3:13. 4:15, 5:15. •6:15, 6:43 p. m.
"EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. *10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a, m., 12:45. n:30. 2:30. »3:45, 5:00,- 6:00, 7:3!»
p. m. -11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) nm to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25, 6:27. 7:47. 8:35, .10:15
a m.. *12:25. 1:13. 2:20. *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 9:45, ,ni:0O a. m.. «_t
m.. 1:00. 2:15. •3:30. 4:20. *5:_,, 6:45. .7:30. .10:10
p. nx. i
"Trains marked (*> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEI TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:53. 8:55. W;3»
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 'p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 -a. m.^ *_:_L-
1:20 2:30 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:39 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .'¦.¦
3:13 p. l— . Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8-OC a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - % ¦ '
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years , manager . for
the ... Association: M.
J. McBrearty, with • the same company for
10 * years ; •¦ P. ¦•- F. < Green;.' late with- J.'-fi!.
O'Connor & Co.. have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and Eighth. .Telephone South 44. ic .
NEWFIRM OF UNDERTAKERS,
S~~^fr. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ft 629 KEAB-nr ST. Established
£yiF?S?^s?-' n IS54 for the treatment of Private
K _LJ&ii4!53y Disesses. Lo^t Manhood. Debility or
KMSmB akfii.'w— s» wearingon body and mind and
5 BNTrofflSlctn Diseases. The Doctor enresw !>en
_iiifi«iw o;!ler3 * ail * ' rr J" nlta - < 'barges low.
£*MQ___Z— E_<'i~rc* t guaranteed. Callorwrita
Dr. J. JE*. uiCKO*i, Sou Francisco. CaJ. _ •
MOUN JT JAM ALPAIS RAILWAY.
ViaSausallto Ferry— Foot of Market St.
Leave San Fran. - Arrive San Fran.
9:30 A. M.1 .....WEEK DAYS..:.. 3:*E P. M.
1:15 P. M. Stay over nisrht at the- 5:55 P. M.
4:15 P. M.J TAVERN. . 8:45 A.M.
8:00 A. M. 1 MONDAY, - Sept. " 9, f 12:15 P. M.
9:00 A.M. trains willrun on 1:15 P.M.
10:00 A. M. ' Sunday time., 3:30 P. M.
11:30 A. M. ......; SUNDAYS .....:¦ 4:50 P. M.
1:30 P.M. ' -. . 6:50 P.M.
2:30 P. M.J ¦'•¦•", . I 7:10 P. M.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.. and Sausalito
Ferry.
AUCTION SALESTO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
- ; NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty rflve minutes later than at. Fort Point:
the .height of tide is. the same at both places.
United States Coast and ' Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at ' Fort Point; entrance ,^0 San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. >
Stiii, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 9.
."Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flask.' Richards & Co.. 406 Clay. •
¦, .-./ -¦ ¦ ;.. ¦-%¦'¦ ¦ -,v .. '.;¦} ;.;¦ . ¦; ¦- v . ¦¦¦-¦
,By the rules of" chivalry - all persons,
male . and female, I old V and ; young,' -\ in r a
town taken by .assault, were liable to be
put to death, and the men.andboys sel
dom escaped the brutality of the victors.'
Does your dealer keep Jesse Moore .Whiskey?
If not. insist'.' on ' his , setting . it for you. ¦- The
finest in the world. '¦' '. ¦ •
Owlng;to the i misfortune that' has be
fallen President McKlnley^ the big bene
fit for, the Armitage Orphanage and Cali
fornia .Women's Hospital,- which "was" to
have , taken -place on-*. the '.Carolan . farm
at Burlingame this afternoon and even
ing, has been postponed:.
It was "the t intention to have amusing
horse ' races and , games " during 1 'the,after
noon and grand charity. ball at. night. All
arrangements had been perfected, but the
programme . will no t * be ; carried ? out ' until
there is positive assurance that the Presi
dent-will survive his wounds. •
Charity Pete Postponed.
After Mrs. Smith lef.t the prison she was
met by her husband, who. attempted '¦ to
take the two children from her. :.The six
year-old girl clung to her mother's skirts
and screamed-with- terror, imploring her
mother not to ¦ allow her. father,' to .take
her.' Further disturbance was avoided by
the husband taking the two-year-old : girl
and leaving the other with Mrs. Smith.
She has engaged an attorney A to defend
the case In Judge • Fritz's court > and i in
teresting developments are expected.
. Mrs. Charlotte J. Smith was arrested
at 506 Stevenson street by Policeman Mc-
Cormick' yesterday afternoon on- a : war
rant charging her with petty- larceny and
was taken to the. City Prison, accom
panied by her two children; a girl about
6 years of age and 'another about 2 years
of age. She. was at once released on $10
cash bail, after being served with a cita
tion by .Attorney -Prendergast to appear
in Judge Coffey's court to-morrow, morn
ing. • • ' ", - - : .. '¦ :• .--.:.;, .. : .. . : •• •• ¦
• Mrs. Smith said 'that - her husband had
instituted suit against' her to obtain pos
session of the two children and she. had
been avoiding service of the pitatlon. Her
husband had induced -a friend,' J. E. Ka
den, 32 Bruce place, -to swear to the war-'
rant for vher t arrest .for stealing .-two .¦ or
three letters which; she had written to
Kaden so that her husband's attorney
could, when she was arrested, serve the
citation upon her. ¦ , , . >
tion Served Upon • Mrs: : Char
lotte Smith; V J
Peculiar Way Adopted to Get a Cita-
Fifty-yard race— E. Miller, first; E. Van
second. Diving contest — B. Rush, first; T
McCarthy, second. • 100-yard race— "WV Car
roll, first; second.: Tub race
— J. O'Brien, first; A: \ Helnze, .second
Trick and fancy; diving— T. Augustus,
first prize; W. Carroll, second prize. High
diving for boys— W. Carroll, first prize: C
Miller, second prize. .
. Mrs. P. H. Harrington,': who resides at
940 Bryant Btreet,- narrowly -escaped, seri
ous Injury in' a runaway yesterday, after
noon. Mrs. Harrington was driving in the
park'when her horse took fright near
Twenty-fourth avenue and ran away. She
was . thrown out, .but . excepting- a few
bruises escaped injury. ;< ¦• .•-•• .¦.: • ¦ -' .
The fine ; weather . resulted In.- large
crowds gathering at the park and Beach.
A good, bill was ; given ¦» in- the. Chutes
Theater,', which was well filled with pleas
ure-seekers. At Sutro's baths the several
tanlfs were crowded,with swimmers, while
from the gallery many visitor* enjoyed the
aquatic contests, • Following are the re
sults: ?-r -;¦ r...»-. r . -<-... ,..,:..: ... .„. _. v .,. ....
Away— Pun" at ; Park, Chutes
and Baths. •
Mrs. P. H. Harrington's Horse Suns
THKOW2T FROM: HER BUGGY,
; ¦: , BUT NOT BADLY IffJTJBED
• NOTE— In : the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the , successive tides of the
• day. in the order of occurrence ai to time:' the
fourth time I column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The . heights *given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
. sign . precedes the heig-ht. and. then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth . given . by
the charts.. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. . ¦
Two more of the salmon fleet made port
yesterday. The first to get in was the
Coalinga from Nushagak with 26,952 cases,
and along about 5 p. m. the Nicholas
Thayer showed up. The schooner So
ls.no, which arrived Saturday, made a
record run for the fleet. She came from
Ugashik in sixteen days with the enor-
More Salmon Vessels Arrive.
. NEW. Arrived Sept 8^Stmr Staten
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr As
toria, from Glasgow .and. Movllle: stmr Mar-"
quette, from London; stmr Si ell la, from Leg
horn, Genoa and Naples. ". --, .; :\, ,¦ |
ABRESTEB FOR - STEAIiIira /
: , LETTERS TOA-ntlEND
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Sept 8— Stmr Frled
erich der Grosse, -from Bremen, for Southamp
ton and New York. . . . .
... QUEENSTOWN- Sailed Sept' 8— Stmr Luca
nla, from Liverpool, for New York.' • ' , .
* CAPE P ARTEL— Passed Sept 8— Stmr-Trave,
from New York, for • Gibraltar, - Naples and
Genoa. -, .. ¦ , . • • , :
OCEAN . STEAMERS.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 8-r-Stmr Iaqua, from
San Diezo. - / J ' ' '
•Sailed Sent 8— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco. ¦¦ ¦ * ¦ ¦ ¦ • ... • - ¦ '
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 8— Schr
Ida Schnauer, • I rom Mahukona; brig Blakeley,
from Nome. ' . .¦„ .
Sailed outward Sept 6 — Schr E K Wood, for
San Pedro; Br stmr Glenogle, for Manila. -
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr
City of Para, for Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 7— Br stmr Glenog-le.
for Manila; stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 8, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 12 miles per hour.
Sunday, September 8.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Scotia, Walvigr, Crescent City. ¦^¦J-i'^
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins. Victoria.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen. .
Stmr Washtenaw, Zoning, Tacoma.
Ger ship Wandsbck, Tadsen, Lelth.
Schr Jennie Grlffln, < Campbell, Point Reyes.
Schr Mabel Gray, Larson. Eureka.
Schr Newark, Crangle, Stewarts Point. '.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
ARRIVED. , •
Sunday. ' September 8.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, j 19 hours from Hardy
Creek.
"Stmr Proereso, Parker, 96 hours from Ta
coma.
Br stmr Flintshire, Dwyer, 31 days from
Hongkong, via Mororan 18 days.
Bark CoallnKa, Gunderson, 21 days from
Kushagak.
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Thomsen, 22 days
from ' Bristol Bay.
Bktn Quickstep, Hansen, 7 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 8 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Falcon, Thomas, 7 days from Ballard.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, ' 8 hours from Bo
dega. - ¦ <
Shipping Intelligence.
The schooner Rosamond is fourteen
days out from Honolulu to-day and should
arrive any time now. She has a cargo of
16€9 tons of sugar aboard and a. fair pas
senger list. Among those coming on her
is P. Maurice MacMahon, Hawaii's Irish
poet. The object of his visit to San Fran
cisco is to publish a volume of his poems.
Mr. MacMafion is the official stenographer
to Hawaii's first Territorial Senate. He
will not make a long stay in California.
Schooner Rosamond Due.
It was seven years ago yesterday since
Captain Blair of the Alaska Commercial
Company brought his last. command into
port. He was then master of the bark
Electra and had aboard about seventy
Native Sons, who were returning from the
canneries, eager to take part in the Ad
mission day celebration. The captain was
telling yesterday how he was becalmed
in a dense fog and a tug came i along,
which asked $250 to tow him in. After
considerable dickering a bargain was
made for $125 and the Native Sons arrived
in time for the jollification. Since then
Captain Blair has been "ship's husband"
for the Alaska Commercial Company, u
The naval training ship Mohican is at
Astoria. She will remain there a few
days and will then continue her cruise.
The cruiser Philadelphia is now out
with the members of the Portland Naval
Militia. As soon as that cruise is over
she will- come back here and take out the
San Francisco boys.
WaterTront Notes.
George Curry and Edward Fernandez
were seriously injured on the steam col
lier Milton yesterday. A bucket of coal
as it was going aloft tipped and the con
tents, over a ton in .weight, fell on the
two men. Both received lacerated scalps
and badly contused shoulders, while it. is
feared Fernandez is internally injured.
Injured on a Coal Ship.
Texas is counting on having a bigger
cotton crop in 1901 than it gathered in
1900. Its acreage for 1901 is 25 per cent
greater than that of 1900.
THE time of the log raft has come
again, and for two months to
come these menaces to navigation
will be heading for San Fran
cisco. The tirst of this year's
ventures is now on the way in. tow of the
tugs Tatoosh and Richard Holyoke, and
if all goes well it should reach here next
Wednesday. . .
This immense mass of logs was built
at Westport on the Columbia River and
cost $30,000 to construct. It is 625 feet
long and 60 feet beam, with a depth of 32
feet, and draws 20 feet of water. The
raft is really a huge bundle of piles, some
of which are twenty-two inches in diam
eter at the butt and 120 -feet long. It con
tains 7,200,000 feet of lumber. Captain
Robertson, the builder, says the ratt will
reach San Francisco in safety, and thai
it will make the ninth that he has suc
cessfully handled. Half a dozen others
were not' such a success, however. Some
of them went to pieces and for months
the huge piles floated around, a menace
to navigation. Others broke in two and
only half of them reached port. All in all,
however, the successes have more than
counterbalanced the failures.
The raft now on the way here stuck on
a bar when leaving Westport, and at first
it was feared it would have to stay there
until next year. It was finally floated
over, however, and got into the Colum
bia River. An examination failed to find
any damage, but the towing in the open
sea will soon discover the defects if there
are any. Should one log work its way
out of the raft the whole structure will
stand a good chance of going to pieces.
mous cargo of 8500 barrels of salmon. Cap
tain Nick Rossich tried hard 'to keep his
men by the ship, but they would not stay.
He offered them $4 a day if they would
remain and discharge the vessel, but they
would not entertain the offer.
Osterhout Is being congratulated on the
fact that the robber overlooked a hand
some diamond stud which was in his shirt
front. The burglar also failed to go
through his victim's coat pockets. In the
right breast pocket of the coat was a wal
let containing $500 in currency.
Osterhout saw that resistance was use
less and let the robber have his way. Af
ter securing his victim's valuable watch,
$1 50 in small change that was in the
trou. »rs and the revolver, he left the
room. As soon as the man had gone Os
terhout jumped out of bed, and, rushing
to the head of the stairs, flung a hand
some cut glass vase after his retreating
figure ' The missile failed to hit the rob
ber, who went out of the front door and
quickly disappeared.
Osterhout's business keeps him up to
an early hour in the morning. On Friday
morning he retired to his room about 4
o'clock. Before retiring he extinguished
the light, but left the door open, as he
expected a male friend of his to occupy
the room with him that morning. He does
not know how long he slept, but he was
aroused .by. seme one in his. room. He nat
urally supposed that it was his friend and
paid- no further heed to the matter. At
last his suspicion was aroused at the long
time -the man was groping in the dark.
Osterhout turned on the incandescent
light in his room and was surprised to
find a stranger in his room going through
his trousers pockets. The man wore a
black handkerchief tied over the lower
part of - his face. . . »•- *
Osterhout reached for his • revolver,
which he had laid on a small table -.at
the side of his bed and found the weapon
was gone. The robber, had his revolver,
and, pointing it at his victim, .told him
to remain quiet or "he would be carried
out of the house in a box."
Schuj'ler Osterhout. familiarly known
as "Sky" in sporting circles, and one of
the proprietors of the Baldwin Annex
poker rooms, was the victim of a dating
robbery early Friday morning in his
room at 126 Ellis street.
The new bIH which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Sisson .Wallace • and com
pany in a bright sketch, entitled "Love
Finds a Way"; Ernest Yerxa, a contor
tionist; Ada Sweeney, in illustrated songs;
the Standard Quartet, Murphy and Hart,
Irish | comedians; - Ameta, the .spectacular
dancer, and new moving pictures. A spe
cial feature to-night will be a grand dis
play of fireworks. • *
Among famous revivals that Miss Flor
ence Roberts has given at the Alcazar
during her present engagement* none will
be more popular than that of the present
week, "The Taming of the Shrew." Miss
Roberts will, appear, as the shrewish
Katherine and White Whittlesey as Pe
truchio. They will be well supported by
the clever Alcazar Stock Company. ¦• '' .
¦ Von Suppe's deliglftful mythological op
eretta, "Beautiful Galatea," will be given
at Fischer's Concert-house this evening
with a cast including Mabel Martin, Min
nie Huff, Frank Onslow and Henry Ro
land. .An excellent performance is prom
ised. Others on the programme are Mae
Tunisdn, soprano; Wren and Linden,
sketch artists; June Mathias," Sam Holds
worth, tenor, and Merle Stanton, ballad
ist. ' - - ¦ ¦¦>..: ¦ ,
A: good bill of the week- will be a spec
tacular presentation of "Quo Vadis," to
be produced at the Grand Opera-house,
-with Joseph Haworth in his famous part
of Vinicius. . Mr. Haworth will be well
supported by the Grand Opera-house com
pany, and the production will be on the
usual sumptuous scale that one has come
toexuect at this theater. .. " . <
."A Voice From the Wilderness" Is draw
ing crowded houses at the popular uptown
house, the Central, and is improving with
rapid strides at each presentation. The
production has created the widest inter
est and many of . the players have won
individual successes in their parts. Mi&s
Marshall as Herodias, Mr. Downing as
John the Baptist, Miss Downing as Hul
dah, Oza Waldorp as. Salome,"' are all fine
ly 'cast, and the staging continues' to
arouse a hearty chorus of commendation.
It will run for the week.
One of the best casts of the season has
been chosen to . interpret . Gounod's
"Faust" to-night at the Tivoli, the same
cast concerned in the rendition of Boito's
"Meflstofele" a week aeo, but with the
valuable addition of Salassa, namely,
Agostlni, Montanari and Dado. Coming
so closely after the Boito edition of the
story "Faust" will be doubly intereating.
The alternate bill of the week/beginning
Tuesday, is "Carmen,", by long odds the
most popular bill of last season. It is
Collamarini's big part, and she is -a most
satisfying gypsy. Russo is Don Jose and
Ferrari sings the "Toreador." - ..
- Last night a crowded house greeted the
revival of "Barbara Frietchie" at the
California Theater. This most popular
bill of the current season of the Neill
Company will be repeated to-night and
this, the last week of the engagement,
will be given over to the following reper
tory: Tuesday evening, "The Jllt' T ; Wed
nesday evening, "A Bachelor's' Ro
mance"; Thursday matinee, "The Jilt";
Thursday evening, "A Royal Box," and
Friday (farewell), "The Lottery of Love."
The present Neill season, has been un
usually successful and every one will • be
sorry to take leave of these popular play
ers. "The Jilt". is among the novelties in
revivals and will no doubt draw a large
contingent of curious play goers.
Annie Russell, with her. delightful pro
duction • of "A . Royal Family," will re
main the attraction at the Columbia The
ater for' another week, commencing with
this evening. The star, her excellent'sup
porting company and R.- Marshall's
charmingly, told romance of comedy have
made . impressions of a very high order.
Theater goers have been crowding the Co
lumbia for. the oast week and will no
doubt continue to fill- the house up to the
close, of ¦ ." the engagement on Saturday
night. The second and last matinee will
be given Saturday. Next Monday night
the attraction at the Columbia is to be
Comedian Thomas Q. Seabrooke in Syd
ney Rosenfeld's new romantic comic play,
"A Modern Crusoe," with Isabelle Eves
son in the leading feminine role. The
production and cast are both said to be
unusually attractive.
'¦¦ One of the cleverest one-act plays (pre
sented in this city for some time is the
prize play written by. - ; Thomas Frost,
called "Chums,"; which was presentechby
George W. Leslie , and ' company at the
Orpheum last night. It affords the Les
lies,-Lester Wallack Jr.\ahd ! Miss Louise
Willis ample opportunity to show a thor
ough appreciation of the comedy, which
lurks in its lines and is replete with funny
mix-ups, due to misunderstandings which
the dialogue develops that keep the au
dience convulsed with laughter.- '
"The Debutante," cleverly rendered
last week by J. Aldrich Libby, Kathryn
Trayer and John D. Gilbert, is a good
holdover, and . was so cleverly presented
last night that the audience called the
trio before the curtain. The reappearance
last I night of . Ernest Hogan, ."the un
bleached American," brought forth hear
ty applause. His rendition of coon songs
captured the house. The other holdovers,
Powell, the magician, the La Vallee trio,
shapely Mile. Lotty and the American
Biograph all help to make one of the best
programmes that has been seen" at the
Orpheum for some time.
"Carmen".; Will Open^ Alter
; ; nate ; Bill of the Week
atTivoli.
After Him.
Glass ; Vase Crashing
Makes His Escape With- Out-
Thief Robs Schuyler Os
terhout's Room on
V V Ellis Street.
The Prize ;Play "Chums"
f- Is One of the Best
Ever v Seen Here.
BURGLAR MISSES
COIN IN WILLET
CLEVER PEOPLE
AT THE ORPHEUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1901.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
BRITISH BARK BARODA ON THE BEACH NEAR COQUILLE. AT LOXV WATER THE VESSEL IS -HIGHLAND
DRY AND THE CREW CAN WALK AROUND HER. CAPTAIN MaRR AND HIS MEN ARE CAMPED ON
THE BEACH.
Contains More Than 7,000,000 Feet of Lumber, or More Than Would Load
Six Ordinary Sailing Vessels— Should It Go to Pieces, as Some of Its
Predecessors Did, the Logs Would ProyeaGreat Menace to,Navigation
ENORMOUS LOG RAFT BEING TOWED
HERE FROM THE COLUMBIA RIVER
12
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Pomona.......
Point Arena.
Leelanaw....
St. Paul
Kdreka:
Area ta.. ......
Curacao......
Australia../..
Corona........
f-erapis. ......
China
Ventura. 1 .....
September O.
Humboldt
Point Arena
September 1O.
N. via Panama
Nome & St Michael
September 11.
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports ....
Tahiti direct........
September 12.
Redondo & Way...
Hamburg & "Way..
China and Japan..
Sydney & Way Pts
September 13.
Portland & Astoria
Puget Sound Ports
September 14.
Humboldt ...'...
September IS.
San Diego & Way
1:30 p
2 pm
2 pm
10 am
9 am
2 pm
10 am
10 am
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 10
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 7
9 am
12 m
1 pm
10 am
Pier II
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 7
G. W. Elder.
City Puebla..
11 am
11 am
Pier 24
Pier 9
Pomona
1:30 p
Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. I
I 9 am
IPler 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & "Way: Ports. Sept. 9
Portland Nome & St. .Mlt:ha»l.. Sept 10
Bertha. Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. 10
Dirigo Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 12
Garonne........ Nome direct Sept. 12
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Centennial ..... Nome & Teller . Sept. 15
Al-Kl Skaguay & Way Ports. | Sept. 16
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Wellington..... Oyster Harbor .........
South Portland Coos Bay
Mandalay...... Coquille River
Eureka — ..... Humboldt ..
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.....
Arcata...: Coos Bay
Matteawan .... Tacoma
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria'....
Ccrona Redondo & Way Ports.
Asuncion.: Seattle
Czarina.....;... Seattle & Tacoma
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & "Way Pts.
Pcmoi-a Humboldt
Colombia....:.. Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Point Arena. . . Point Arena
Doric China and Japan
San Bias Panama & "Way Ports.
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pta.
"Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports..:..
Eureka Humboldt '.
North Fork.... Humboldt
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 9
Sept. 10
Sept. 10
Sept. 10
Sept. 11
Sept. 11
Sept. 12
Sept. 12
Sept. 13
Sept. 13
Sept 13
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
Sept. 14
ISept. 14
Sun rises ....:.:..,...
Sun seta .............
Moon rises
2:28 "i
..5:46
..6:29
.. m.
'- ¦ Time Time
Date Ft. :
L W « H W
9 ... 2:40 —0.1 9:36
10 ... 3:26 0.0 10:19
11 .. 4:05 0.2 10:55
12 ... 4:45 0.5 11:27
13 ... 5:21 0.9 11:59
\* • H W L W
14 ... 0:15 5.0 5:53
15 ... 1:00 4.8 ' 6:25|
w
; •
5.0
5.2
5.4
5.4
5.4
Time
Ft.
L W j
2:46 2.3
3:36 2.0
4:22 1.6
5:05 1.3
5:46 1.1
HTT :
12:30 5.6
1:00 r5.3
{Time]
H W
8:56
9:51
10:41
11:29
*V
5.5
5.5
. 5.4
5.2
1 1.3
|:1.6
L W
6:28
7:05
1.0
0.9
GOLDBEK&. BOWER ft CO'S SPECIAL SAVINS BALK
Sweet wine
Imported— Port— Sherry — 75c
Madeira— reg'Iy $1 bottle 3 for $2
T o o t h powder
Listerated— the best tooth 20c
preservative known-reg'ly 25c bot
Talcum powder
Lady Jeanette— antiseptic 3 cans 25c
Candle stick
Enamel painted— assorted 2OC
colors— reg'Iy 25c
ash basin
White enamel— 12 in diameter 2 C*
reg'Iy 30c \%
Kieler sprottcn
Smoked sardines— In o'l — „ f n - - -„
reg'Iy 15c can 2 lor 25c
New goods arrived
Sweet dder — fard dates — ripe olives-
white figs — Holland herring
September catalogue full of iUus-
strations and useful information to
housekeepers— free
432 Pine a jj Sutler 2800 California San Fraascic*
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
BOLDBESO, BOWXH 4 CO'S SPIC1AL SAVXSU SALJ
"THIS WEEK
WE WILL HAVE ON SALE t
COMPLETE LINES OF THE FOLLOWING
NEW GObDS,
GLOVE DEPT.
t We have just opsned a large shipment of
the celebrated Reunier Gloves, in hoth Glace
and Suede, Theu are in the latest Parisian
. coior§, ;also White, Black and Opera shades,
TRIMMING DEPT.
New Trimmings in Black, White and Colored
Silk ADPliaue, full assortment Persian Trim-
mings, and Black Silk and Renaissance
Trimmings in great varietu.
LACE DEPT.
Fall opening of New Laces, in Edgings, In-
sertingsj Galons and AIlOYers, 1 New Ap-
pligue, Mousseline de Soie and Taffeta
Frontingsj Face Veilings and Chiffon Trim-
mings.
HOSIERY DEPT.
A large stock of New Black and Colored
Ladies' Lisle Hose, Ladies 1 Lace Hose, hoth
plain Black and Emhroidered, and great
"yarietu of Children's Hose in Cotton and
Cashmere? Men's and Women's Underwear
• in all gualities.
SPECIAL SALE.
30 pieces Genuine Camel's-Haif Homespuns,
all wool and 52 inches wide, formerly sold
hu us at $1,00 and $1.25 per uard cn 0
—special price for these two cases 3Uu Yard
0{%nnois,
III, 113. 115. 117. 119; 121 POST STREET.
f$r FAVORITE
IFOR WEAK. W©!WOLi_J
\A/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PTIBLIO A5D ATTOSNIY-AT-LIW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckela BUtfcT
Telephone Main 983. 1
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell. »*
Residence Telephone James 1501.
RELI^VEn-HlS PAINFUL HEADACHES.
\ KJjjjlp^S»HHFlai|l63i pleasure. Thanking you
"~*~*~~ . - .'.gt.; s. F.' '¦¦ . ¦:
¦ Mayerle's Glasses . strengthen the. eye and
brain. - . German ..-. Eyewater, 50c. - - GEORGE
MATERLE, .' German f. Expert . Optician, 1071Vs
Market st. - Cut this out.' ¦
McCOT 4- ILSBtTTS
POPULAR 3-DAY SPECIAL
SALES FOR CASH.
TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY.
SUGAR %?£» 21 lbs. $1.00
Extra special Tuesday only.
BUTTER Per Sq, 30c
Made Fresh Daily. Reg. 40c.
BUTTER '"%%$?* Per Ib. 25c
Cut In 1-lb B<juares. . , ¦
WHISKEY* *nsrr Bit. 65e
Needs no Introduction. Reg. 90c.
SOAP B T B s% b r s Beit 6 Cakes 25c
Limit 50c to each customer. Reg. 5 for 25c,
GOLD DUST ¦¦$» Per Pkg. 15c
Largest size package. Reg. 25c.
HACARONI-^'""'"' 8^^ Box 20c
Made from strongest flour. Reg. 30c.
FLOUR ily 50-lb. Sack 75c
You may pay 90c and not get as good. -. '
I-LB. CANS p po^oI r ak1ng Can 20c
Pure Cream Tartar and Soda. Reg. 35c.
CHEESE "-MrT Per Ib, 15c
TEAS Sec^ e 'r^ New Per lb. 40c
1 lb Sugar free with every lb Tea.'
This to prove the high-grade quality of our
select teas. If you are dissatisfied with your
grocer rive us a trial. ¦ First-class goods,
courteous treatment and prompt delivery al-
ways our aim. . " .
3002-3004 Sixteenth St., Cor. Mission,
Tel. Mission 238.
Cedar Brook— W H McBrayer— $ 115
reg'Iy *i 5° bottle— $6 gallon , ¦ 4 50
Roc k a h d r y e
Rye whisky and pure rock-candy <*i
syrup-good for colds-reg'ly $1 25 bot *
Bur gun d y
Mountain vineyard— rich body A rn
and flavor— reg'Iy $1 gallon u 5 c
Whi sky
C h u tney
Made in India— the real
Bombay condiment— 3OC-COC
reg'Iy pints 4oc-quarts 60c '. .
A s par a g us
Bouldin Island Sunbeam 1 for 35c
reg'Iy 12KC and 20c can tips IOC
A 1 k e t h t e p t a
The best of chocolate properties — 2 oc
reg'Iy 25c can . .
P i ne a p p 1 e
Singapore-sliced-reg'iy 20c 2 lb can 15c
" - " -'? 2 5 C2ilb "2OC
" whole " 25c 3 lb "2-45C
P o f t e r "— - a l.e
White label— Bass' ale-Guinness' d 2
porter— reg'Iy $2 and $2 25 dozen
Roy a n s /
A la vatel— bordelaise —
sardines with truffle and 1 for 2CC
pickle— reg'Iy 1 5c can • r^' f
L u c c a o i 1
Subiime-first class table oil- --.-. - rp .
reg'Iy pints 35c quarts 60c , J OC ~55 C
Anker beef capsules-stengthening 2 c C
rcg'ly 30c box of ten . .^'-j -^
Bouillon
M a c.a r o n 1
Spaghetti— vermicelli-
letters and numbers— 1 lbs 2CC
reg'Iy 15c lb— La Favorita
We close to-day at 12
o'clock — one delivery at
10 am — these prices good
until Thursday night
Tnesday Wednesday Thursday
T-a b 1 e butter
Fancy creamery— AOC
reg'Iy 50c square
Go os e 1 1 v e r
Teyssonneau — puree de foie gras- 2OC
reg'Iy 25c can
P a s h a c o f i e e
Pure— rich flavor— ground n iu e rr ~
or roast-reg'ly 35c |b 2 ids 55c
& CD
GDLDBERg
.BDWEN
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vr • ¦ ' • ¦ ' ' ' I '' • ' ¦ . v S
m\ . - - ¦¦ ¦¦¦- ¦ • qK
11 to your order, embodying JJ
l\ the ' finest material and«
¦ft workmanship — -that have t(
¦I . "snap," style and distinct \
(I individuality— that is what
it we gi ve you for
loNEDOLURi
- 1\\ ' A >¦ 'M Aff ¦* Br* WUT - - ' - *
ft 1 A-' W m m ¦• ¦& - ' ¦ ¦ -
R|A WLLn
JK t rue
reflectiptv
TKe iria.n that puts
on a Gibson Shit-tr
C2wr\ look. ir\ Zk mirror
without losing his
self-esteem i for he is
tastefully clad in the
garment that; makes
or mars one's personal
appearance. I here is
no other shirt* that
fits so well 01* wears
so well
Jol\i\T. Gib son
his sKirt your bosom friend
1204 Market St.
FLAmMARION
OPERA AND RACE
GLASSES.
Made under the supervision of the cele-
Qttisk EepiiriEg. Factory on premicei.
Phone M^n 1O.
OPT1CIAN54hot>^; n P^ w .
642 Market 5t. instruments
uudcr CHROwcit BUILOIN&. CATALOGUE FR[[.
Ba IfiuH & Tff... IB rm c^ ySz(
q3 at |S fa| R-' V" ibjB nnm jf m% Jn
La Jk u 6S t&M MS BrSS m nu s3
MEN WANTED.
Hunters Point
Drydock.
1 *]^p> HannneriiM* 1
I $m$ -&I dollar merits I
el \ from the prices on our fine wall paper. Dur- ffl
r2=ass£gk A^ | r ins our Special Sale we are selling Wall Bt
tf&jXj&P&ht^^ *& a P er a t Cost. Not only cheap paper at fs
»f^t|^^^^^53^^P lower prices, but high grade paper at the H
W^^^^^^^^^f t lo we£t prices. We can give you any design, |J3
g^^l^jj^ft *£~+ | shade or quality within reach of our pocket- H
**^ £ ' book. If you don't need much Ret a little n
P|j|f I €3f .W. C I^i%.I5.K. I
Pleasant
Hours
S-wiftly Plying—
Those spent os the
California Limited
as it rushes and races
across the country from
San Francisco to Chicago
in 75 hours.
Leaves San Francisco at
9 a. m. every Monday
and Thursday on the'
Santa Fe