Receptions and excursions on the river
were features of the everiing's entertain
ments.
Grand Master Stoddard appointed the
following officers: ;^.'iv'
Grand standard bearer, Arthur C. Mac-
Afthur, Troy, N. Y.
The break up ; of the conclave began
early to-day and became ; marked after
the grand ball. By to-morrow most of
the Knights and their ladies will have. left,
either for their homes or places of inter
est It is estimated that 80,000 people were
present.".
fleers followed. Sir Knight Stoddard, the
new grand master, was given ¦ an enthu
siastic, reception by Texas Templars to
night. "-¦' . : ./..; : . ; .
\ MADRID/' Aug. 29.— While .the ' British
fleet ; in Spanish -waters' was\maneuvering
to-day a : torpedo which had been" launched
stranded , ontthe ,;. shore^ . in: , front of 'La
Linea. A party, of man-of-warsfhen was
sent to 'recover ; it, i but . were " prevented
fromdoingrso by a detachment of Spanish"
carblneers^The landlng'party was strong-^
ly reinforced if rbm the fleet, overawed th«
carbineers and. took the torpedo. i •
Drive Away a Landing » Party but
- ! ;Are Finally Overawed ; by a Dis
',';:.. V : play of Strength. .;- ':*'^,-i;
SPANISH | SOLDIERS c RESIST ; ,
: .ENGLISH MAN T OF-WARSMEN
I killed."
the Bloody Work.
. LONDON. Aug. 30.— The Daily Mall pub
lishes to-day an article written by AH
Nour, Bey. 1 former Turkish Consul in Rot
terdam, declaring -that the massacre of
Armenians by Kurds, which has just com
menced, is a part of a regular system > of
extermination: ' He" says:"
"The number, of Armenians killed will
depend upon the outcry, raised in Europe
and the pressure brought to bear. upon the
Sultan. The same ' horrible process will
be i repeated 'year by yer- until : all are
European Pressure Brought to Be^r
on the Sultan Will Alone Stop
KURDS WILL CONTINUE (£&i :
TO M-ASSACRE ARMENIANS
A' committee consisting of , Professor W. ;
Trelease of St. Louis,. Dr. Britton of New
York and 'Professor Robinson, of Harvard
was .' appointed to investigate ? the ' matter
andi report ' at' next year's meeting;
Dr. C. E. Bessey of Lincoln, iNeb.; called'
attention to the fact that", the National
Herbarium at- the National \ Museum,
Washington, is badly neglected, having
insufficient room for the careful.classifi
cation of. the hundreds of,rare specimens
that ¦ have been ; collected. .
In the botanical section Professor L.:M.
Underwood read a paper on the desirabil
ity of .establishing a laboratory for botan
ical research in Porto Rico, in connection
with the agricultural experimental sta
tion to be established by the Federal'Gov
erntnent ihere. Resolutions ' embodying
the idea of the paper were adopted. *
DENVER, Aug. £9.— The various sec
tions of the American Association' for the
Advancement of Science held meetings
to-day at which papers were read and dis
cussed. . ' ¦
HERBARIITM AT NATIONAL
MUSEUM BADLY NEGLECTED
The- announcement that C/H: Markham
is . to ..come from Portland, ¦ Or.; and fill
;the-l position of .'assistant' freight traffic
"mahager,of the Southern Pacific and take
'offices on :the third floor of big^yellow
building; is. aj surprise tp local railroad of
ficials. vrT:' .:¦ . ; : \ r v- '-.-'
1i "What, is . the matter . with ; local ) Freight
Agent Shepard?" "Why did. he not 1 get
the^ job?" is the "way} that the'niws'was
received', here.** Some^claim r Stubbs
in;' his'.: appointmeritT of \ showed
undue favoritism, i- They) say that - Mark- .
Markham Relative " of Stubbs.
v What Julius Kruttschnitt will do when
he retires with, Hays is a matter of con
jecture*. He* is comparatively a rich man
and may probably take, an active inter
est in" some of I the . smaller , railroads In
which much of his capital is invested.'
Wright;also .made a.', favorable impres
sionTwith the Harriman syndicate, in the
graceful way in which he' accepted his re
tirement.',-After'he resigned his position
he displayed no anger— in fact, he was
always ready, with advice and showed as
much interest in the welfare of the com
pany as when he was, in the eniploy^ of
the, Southern Pacific.
'.Wright's "resignation came like a cloud
burst over the* serene sky and railroad of
ficials trembled with fear, thinking that
they ¦ .might ' all be : removed , one . by one.
But, as. was announced in The Call at
that time. Wright was given to under
stand that he would not be long. Idle, and
results now prove that he is much ben
efited by the step he made.
the. division superintendent's arrival in
this city from Sacramento- there was a
tropical; interview. Kruttschnitt Informed
Wright that he must keep out of polities'
or leave the company,: Wright answered
that he would still mingle In politics
whenever he considered that it was ad
vantageous to the company. Kruttschnitt
then called for " Wright's . resignation,
which .was promptly handed in.
Continued on Page Two./
.*" Staff Decreased in Portland.
Markham has been in * Portland for
many years In the capacity of assistant
freight and passenger manager. With
the consolidation of the Union Pacific
and Southern Pacific offices In that- city
the staff is to be materially diminished
on the first of September. It Is supposed'
thai it is on this account that Markham
was ' ordered '. to ' this • city. "When will
Shepard get promoted?" is the question
thafis now going the rounds Shepard's
friends are numerous :in this city., and
yesterday they, did not : attempt to con-
ham is a relative of Stubbs through mar
riage, and that he is on this account
pushed ahead to the detriment of others.
Shepard refuses to talk about the ap
pointment of Markham, even to his in
timate friends. When they ask him
about it' he merely shrugs his shoulders
and says: "Well, I will have to make
the best of it." Shepard has grown gray
in .the -service of the Southern Pacific
and has been a most earnest worker. He
has always been one of the first at his
desk in the morning and one of-'the last
to leave at night. In fact, a few months
ago be .was taken 111 and yet refused to
leave his post. It wa3 only after Freight
Traffic Manager Sprbule ordered him to
go home and not to return for a week
that he would leave his arduous duties.
Shepard was picked out as a man who
was sure . of promotion in the near
future, and now that Markham has been
placed over him r there has been raised
a great cry cf disapproval. Markham
is; a, much younger man than Shepard
and has not - had half the j experience of
his I future subordinate. Shepard started
in as an office boy and knows the freight
traffic, or, .as- railroad men call it. '•the
wholesale department," from top to bot
tom.
WICHITA. Kans., Aug. 29.— It is stated
here on reliable authority that the* Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway has
purchased the Kansas Southwestern Rail
way, which runs from Arkansas City to
Astoria, Kans., a distance of sixty miles.
It is said that the Santa Fe desire's- the
line to prevent opposition to its proposed
road from Arkansas City in a southeast
'ern direction to Fort Smith, Ark. The
deal is said to have been made at a meet-
Ing in President Rlpley's office In Chicago.
The Kansas Southwestern was built in 18S7
and was subsequently operated by the St.
Louis and San Francisco road. Five
years ago the "Frisco" abandoned the
line and it went into the hands of a re
ceiver. It Is said that the recent owners
of the Southwestern had just completed
plans to extend tha line In the direction of
Fort Smith when the deal with the Santa*
Fe was consummated. , • ' ,
sition to Proposed Road From
Arkansas City.
Will Operate Line to Prevent Oppo-
SANTA FE PURCHASES I
THE KANSAS SOUTHWESTERN
MEN WHOFIGURE PROMINENTLY IN THE , LATEST UPHEAVAL IN
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, AFFAIRS AND WHO ARE WIDELY
KNOWN IN THE RAILROAD WORLD OF THE WEST.
CHRISTIANIA, Norway, Aug. 29.— The
steamer Frithjof arrived at Hammerf est
tc-day and reports that she successfully
landed the Baldwin-Zeigler Arctic expedi
tion at Camp Zeigler, in latitude 80.24
north and longitude 55 east, on Alger
Island. All the members of the expedi
tion were in good health. The dogs and
ponies were in excellent condition after
their month's voyage. The Frithjof left
Camp Zeigler August 23. The weather
conditions were favorable for an advance
of the expedition. Baldwin intended to
start northward August 24 by what is
called the interchannel route, . across
¦Markham Sound and between Austria
Sound and the British Channel.
able for an Early Advance of
t the Expedition.
The. Weather Conditions Are Favor-
ARCTIC EXPLORING PARTY
LANDS AT CAMP ZEIGLER
Grand warder, Robert Strong, New Or
leans, to succeed Harper M. Orahood,
Denver, Colo. '• •
Grand , captain of the guard, Charles E.
Rosebrough, Little Rock, Ark.
Grand sword bearer, C. C. Vogt, Louis
ville. ' r
GRAND COMMANDER OF THE
KNIGHTS TEMPLARS' GRAND
ENCAMPMENT.
Kruttschnitt has . been consistently op
posed i to ; the interference; of the railroad
in politics, ; and accordingly, gave Presir
dent .."Hays ,tho advice ;that the Southern
Pacific' could just as well get along out'of
politics as in * it. / His arguments .were so
persuasivetthat : Hays decided-to take. this
step! ', i ? No ; sooner had ; Hays
that the 'Southern' Pacific , was out of poli
"tlcs »for ai l\ time^ than; Kruttschnitt; used
this as a weapon over .Wright's head, 'for
whom he had a bitter enmity: :
• Kruttschnitt". He-,* -*?"" ;.'Vr!eht> and on*
• The retirement of Manager Julius
Kruttschnitt is certainly, a demonstration
of the fact that the most radical changes
will occur. In the Southern: Pacific Com
pany. Only : a short time ago' ; Krutt
schnitt was the man who forced Wright's
resignation. Manager , Kruttschnitt, was
fortunate in being, one of' the first to es
tablish himself with. President Hays when
he arrived ; here to take ; charse : of /the
Southern Pacific. Kruttschnitt traveled
all over/the. road with Hays and prac
tically showed him the workings of the
vast transportation company.., In' this way
they' were thrown ; in^ each other's com
pany a great. deal and Kruttschnitt \,dld
not let an opportunity, slip "to make hay
while. the sun' shone, "; v and to impress his
own ideas of policy. ;.>,•.•
Kruttschmitt's , Retirement.
Colonel Wright is a clever operative offi
cial as well as possessing other, qualifica
tions. ¦ As superintendent' at .Sacramento
he won great success-, and the late Collis
P. Huntington looked' upon him as a con
scientious ', and .'energetic official and ; one
who kept* the territory under his jurisdic
tion under a high state of efficiency. V
With the news of Wright's future ap
pointment "the policy that S. M. Felton
will pursue is very; evident. Instead of
drawing out of politics as Hays endeavor
ed" to do, he will still keep , the gigantic
corporation in. the" political field,' and'who
better, can" smooth off the rough edges and
calm the stormy seas in ; the. Legislative
sessions than Colonel "Jack" Wright?; He
will.be the political representative of the
Southern Pacific with headquarters in San
Francisco.;' - ¦ , *,-;i '..¦¦¦
When S.M. Felton takes his post a=
president of the company his right hand
man and chief, operative official will be
Colonel "Jack" Wright. 'Old railroadof
flcials are. enthusiastic over the news of
the honors that are to be heaped on
Wright and say that he as general man
ager -.will achieve, a splendid success.
resume his old position as division super
intendent or else be. appointed to -a more,
responsible pIace.VIt"*is * now- definitely,
known: that with .the passing of C- M.j
Hays from the-; presidency 'of the South-',
ern Pacific 'Kruttschnitt, "who has been'
his firm friend "and ally, will retire .with'
him. .
MACOK, Miss.. Aug. 29.— A negro^ Dick
Hill, who killed Ed Barry, a white man,
at Philadelphia, Miss., was killed at Sura
roerville, this county, to-day while resist
ing arrest at the hands of a posse of 100
men. £
Killed While Resisting Arrest
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 29.— In an accidenO on
the Sonthern Railroad at Fireworks Sta
tion, four miles from East St. Louis, to
day Frank Haefele. chief car inspector of
the road, was killed, Elmore Drumm, fire
man, fatally Injured and Scott Mulcon
nery. engineer, seriously injured.
Killed in a Railroad Accident
"Will Godfrey and Carter had been sus
pected and the Sheriff and his posse went
out to arrest them, but for some cause did
not see fit to do so.' Monday afternoon
the excitement at Pierce City was intense
and threats of lynching certain negroes,
thought to be implicated in the murder of
Miss Wilde were made openly. Under
this excitement the Sheriff saw fit to leave
for his home at Mount Vernon. It la gen
erally believed in Pierce City that had
Sheriff Manlove remained there during
Monday, when the excitement ran high
end threats of lynching were openly made
and asked the aid of the militia, the
trouble and loss of life would have been
averted." ... -
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo.. Aug. 29.—Ad
jutant General Cameron, in a report to
Governor Dockery on the recent Pierce
City race war. Issued to-day, holds Sheriff
Manlove of Lawrence County responsible
for the lynching of the three Innocent
negroes. Adjutant General Cameron, who
waa sent to Pierce City to Investigate the
affair, eays In his report:
souri Ecports on the Pierce
City Trouble.
Adjutant General Cameron of Mis-
SHERIFF IS RESPONSIBLE
FOE LYNCHING OF NEGBOES
Only Two Contests.
These officers were elected without ma
terial opposition on the first ballc ts. In-
The election of .officers occupied the
preater part of to-day's session. In the
selection of the grand junior warden and
the grand recorder occurred the only con
tests. The other officers were elected
perfunctorily as forecasted, each officer
advancing one grade, as follows:
H. B. Stoddard of Bryan. Tex., deputy
prand master, to grand master.
George M. Moulton of Chicago, grand
generalissimo, to deputy grand master.
Rev. H. W. Rugg of Providence. R. I.,
captain general, to grand generalissimo.
W. B. Millish. Cincinnati, grand senior
•warden, to captain general.
Joseph A. Locke. Portland, Me., junior
grand warden, to senior grand warden.
tember, 1904, the twenty-eighth
Triennial Conclave of Knights Templars,
which has been in progress here since Tues
day, to-day adjourned to the date set.
The festivities came to a climax with a
magnificent ball held to-night at the
horse show building.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 29.— After elect
ing officers and' selecting San
Francisco as the place of meet
ing or. the first Tuesdav in Sep-
When the elections were over the com
mittee on time and place of next meeting
reported. San Francisco was the only
bidder and carried off the honor without a
struggle. The installation of the new of-
This City the Only Bidder.
In the contest for the grand recorder
ship W. H. ( Mayo of St. Louis, who held
the office for six years, was pitted against
John A. Gar row of Detroit. Mayo led
on the first ballot, but lost steadily there
after, and the office went to the Detroiter
on the fifth ballot. W. Wales Lines of
Connecticut was re-elected grand treas
urer, practically without opposition.
The showing of the . Washington man
¦was a surprise to many. On the first bal
lot, he received 135 votes, 141 being neces
sary to a. choice: It became practically
certain that the next ballot would elect.
Cheering inside the hall announced to
the watchers outside that the second bal
lot had been cast. Thomas had 1S7 votes
out of 208. -.-'.-
terest centered in the fight for the junior
grand wardenship, for which there were
fifteen candidates. The office was much
desired, as it means that eventually the
holder of It will become the head of the
Templars' organization.
PANAMA, Augr;29.— One ; hundred and
forty, soldiers arrived this ; morning from
Bueua Ventura -to reinforce the Panama
garrison. . \ They came by the English
steamship Manavi, which, was several
days overdue. '¦ ,-•'.•-. *••-. .
QUITO, Ecuador, Aug. 2ff.— Although the
Government of Ecuador has adopted neu
trality measures,,x w hich are being gener
ally respected',' it is known . that , Liberal
revolutionary troops are beyond, the fron^
tier of Carlchi and within sight of the mili
tary force of the Colombian: Government.
There has .been no invasion of Colombia
by the troops of Ecuador. ;.:,_ .; ; ; ¦-¦¦
Troops Face Colombian Forces.
However, Liberal Re volutionary
NO INVASION BY ECUADOR.
': The Colombian official newspaper ¦ in
Cartagena declares 'that' the entire prov
ince of Pachira, Venezuela, touching "Co
lombia south of Maracaibo, is in the
power of the Venezuelan insurgent lead
er, General Rangel Garibiras. It as
serts also that the Colombian ¦". general,
Gonzales Valencia, until recently Co
lombian. Minister of War, is now; on the
frontier with no. less- than 17,000 Colom
bian -troops dispersed in the province of
Pantander and maintaining the sover
eignty of Colombia there. ;
COLON, Colombia, Aug. 29.— Dr. Carlos
Rico, Colombian Minister to Venezuela,
before his departure for Bogota officially
assured Senor Valaza, Governor of . Car
tagena, that he was going to inform his
Government with reference to the situa
tion between Venezuela and Colombia.
He expressed " the • opinion -that ¦ peace
would be preserved' between na
tions, arid the existing difficulties would
be overcome.
Big Army, on the Frontier.
Minister Silva also had letters to-day
describing-the .situation in • Venezuela:
His correspondents say that no reliance
can be placed on the censored telegrams
and that there are uprisings. against Cas
tro all over the country, and the , situa
tion is very critical. .According .to these
letters. General Garibiras, leader- of the
insurgents, who organized " on the Co
lombian side of. the border and who in
vaded Venezuela,- was not totally, de
feated as represented by the press dis
patches from . Caracas. It is said v that
while he was repulsed, he is still; in the
field at the head of a formidable . force
and is giving:; the Government forces -a
great deal, of trouble. '. '
At the Colombian Legation I, 'to-day
¦.Mlnlster/Silva ";receivedVa, lettejj^frgm ja"
'iilsh. official, o.C G^,^tt6g^^t^a^^w^8
'Qfidto,' in ; ' which he'Stfas Mnformed y ''that
•th"e • Government- of ¦ Ecuador, which at
one' time was participating : ': In ' negotia
tions looicirigr to a joint movement ]¦ by
Ecuador, Venezuela'" .. and .Nicaragua
against Colombia, had withdrawn from
the combination and that there was no
longer any danger of trouble with
Ecuador.
troops have not always been as success
ful in their encounters with' the • insur
gents as the dispatches . sent; out from
Caracas have represented.' :¦. It may be
that President Castro will have all he
can attend to at -home 'without ¦¦undertak
ing'-to invade Colombia. . ' ; _ : [."" . .'
Ecuador will not support President Cas
tro. This was made; plain byf the news
from two sources to-day! Acting ; Secre
tary of State Adee received a -letter from
the American Legation at .Quito, . saying
that there, was considerable unrest and
some disturbances' in Ecuador growing
out. of the political excitement'inddent
to the approaching: Presidential- election
He did. not connect these disturbances
In . any. way -with any designs : ; ; upon Co
lumbia. ¦• ¦ " "' ; "
Ecuador Leaves Combination;
CALL BUREAU, 1406. G; STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, AuW; 29.— Mail ad
vices .from South' America: show .that the
conditions in Venezuela are 'worse .than
the censored press dispatches r would -In
dicate. Insurgents are .developing: ¦ much
strength and are giving President 'Castro
a great deal of trouble. The Government
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
throw of: a Neighboring Re
pubiic^:;¦¦', v
.Set Forth.
Ecuador Withdraws 'From the
bination of Powers Seeking Over-
Insurgents More.; Victorious
Than Censored Telegrams
Castro Will Not Have
Time to Invade Co
lombia. "S
VENEZUELAN
TROOPS NOT
SUCCESFUL
IJNDER NEW REGIME FORMER
SACRAMENTC) SUPERINTENDENT
WILL BE GIVEN FULL SWAY
Appointment of Marjcham Over r Shepard in Freight
Department Causes Great Comment Around
the Big Yellow Building.
T. B. WRIGHT TO SUCCEED JULIUS KRUTTSHNITT
AS GENERAL M AN AGER OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SAN FRANCISCO IS CHOSEN
BY KNIGHTS TEMPLARS AS
PLACE FOR NEXT CONCLAVE
Election of Officers and- a Hagnif icent Ball Are the
Closing Features of the Twenty=Eighth Grand
Encampment.
SAN FEA.N CISCO, FEID AY., AUGUST '¦'; 30, 1901.
VOLUME XC— NO. . 9X.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the road. *'¦ . > . •
At the time of Colonel "Jack" Wright's |
forced retirement three months ago it was
then; stated that Wright was' given toun- |
derstand.that his retirement, would be only
temporary. It was; then also announced;
in" the columns of this paper that 'when
Wright returned to duty he would either
JB. WRIGHT, who retired - re
cently from the position of super
_ intendent of -the Sacramento di
,' vision of the Southern ''.Pacific; Is -\
.to be shortly taken back in the'.;
employ of the^ company and is to succeed
Julius Kruttschnitt as general manager of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLCOMHANDER OF THE FRENCH nEDITERRANEAN FLEET AND THE QUAYS AT CONSTANTINOPLE.
Ten-Eide Tickets on the Coast Line.
Southern Pacific now sells:ten-ride*'in
dividual : commutation ¦ tickets ' between . San
Francisco and Coast line points | to and in
cluding San Jose. Inquire of agents.
I . "W. ne " thI t ef meets fthief the~n\ comes*an
In\-itatlon-to take something.' 1 - -
.- -At the session of the Grand Lodge of the
United Moderns held' in ' LosVAngeleslast
week S.:C.;,Wallis: of this city was elected
supreme "representative", for- the'' term of
four years.: He will'leave this city in time
to attend i the: Supreme: Lodge > sesslon,
which is , to meet . in Denver, 1 Colo.," on the
4th of . September."
The Moderns.
/. The "menus on deerskin that, were" hand
ed . to , those who attended - the - guests at
the {given'- by ; Altahmos Tribe' to
its 'degree s team ¦ and the great chiefs •¦ are
still " the " talk ; of ; those "who . received i them
and'those whojsaw- them.^They were the
.work of j G.~W>. Baltic ;and:J:« L.'- Sanders
members ; of- "the j, tribe,',. who 'spent : many
' hours-preparing the;novelcards."<f' - .
; The members, of . r the Improved Order/of
Red Ment are: resting from- the labors of
the recent 'Great' Council session. "They
will in . a short = time ; resume "social func
tions." Trie flrstfof > these-- will, be^ a' high
jinks . arid ':' receptiorii tendered 7to : G«eat
Sachem "James Boyes by Manzanita Tribe
on ": the -28th instr; in ; the j Post-street '. Wlg
.wam.;'';^';;' .-, '¦."".. "'•' ¦¦" : -. ¦ • ¦ - : -,- •»¦_ -. -. "'-¦:¦ : > z y
Improved^Order, of - Red Men.
; Inquests were held yesterday . by Cor
oner Leland in 'the cases of . the two Ilttl«
boys who met their, deaths in street car ac
cidents. - In ¦ the ! case of Christian Wvaa
ty'&X*?!* ? ld '~ run over b y a . car oppo
site ;S18, Montgomery avenue,' on the T^th
inst., the jury : a verdict that thA
boy ;came;to his .death through his own
carelessness In - the matter . of" Alfred
Dukeshler. the 6-year-old boy run over at
the -crossing r. of . Fourth : and c Harrison
streets,', the .jury • added . this statenient to
their .verdict: i"We, the; jury, feel that if
proper use had . been made of the fender
the.Hferof .the child might have beln
Coroner's Jury Verdicts.
The bullshead breakfast f which; i n - the
past the' Society of Old Friends has given
. on " Admission'day will this year be given
on Sunday, > the ? 1st' of • September, : at ¦ a
'wayside : hotel- on ''.the "Mission" road, ; 'near
the Five-Mile House.,' Harry. Neiman will
be ; master; of - ceremonies and Dr, B. • H
Baumeister will, be the toastmaster. . The
society is ¦ preparing for, Old • Friends' . day
on the 27th. of October, also ' for a" flshinft
excursion.; ¦.,; •'. .- ¦ .. ,
The "Old: friends.
PITTSBURG, - Aug. 29.— Recorder A. \ M.
Brown to-night removed three important
officials and ' appointed their ' successors,
who will assume charge at once. "The de
posed officials are: . '.~.
J. O. Browne Director of Public Safety,
to be succeeded by- Andrew Fulton,: at
present Superintendent of Highways... .'
Clarence Burleigh, City Attorney, to be
succeeded by William B. Rodgers, at
torney. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ . • . • ¦ v ¦' ¦ ¦' ¦ .¦ ¦¦ ' -¦¦. .
¦ Robert Ostermalr, Delinquent Tax Col
lector, - to - be succeeded by, "William B.
Hayes, a prominent oil man. , : •"-;¦,
• United States Senator M. S.'Quay came
to « the city to-day from his home • at
BcaVer, and- Recorder f Brown; returned
from his vacation in the mountains about
the same time.- .• ... • ; ~ .
Important Officials and Names
' Their Successors.
Recorder of Pittsburg Remoyes Three
THEIR TERMS OF PUBLIC
; , ! ;SERVICE ARE CUT SHORT
; There' was a- large attendance at the
picnic given by Club Inter Nos composed
of the members of Inter Nos Circle on the
18th inst. in Buena ; Vista Park.Sausallto.
All had a most enjoyable time and all re
gretted that the day was not longer. ¦
¦ Mrs. ¦ Sarah . Beversen Is engaged' at ' this
time : In organizing Uhree new circles.
:., Martha Circle has.- ar
ranged .-for -: a -grand entertainment and
dance in Union-square Hall on the 24th of
September. ' ' ; ,' ' " . . ' .
¦' The party that was" given "New' Century,
Circle on the 17th inst.ln the Alcazar was
a? great success..: There, was J a V pleasing
programme - of entertainment and : a . well
arranged • programme of. dances.- •-•:
American Companions.
: More than a score of lively fellows who
clown in Ringllng Brothers' circus | for a
livelihood, are members of an exclusive
organization j that is | known as the "Puff
Club." The name was affixed to this as
gregatipn by James Jay Brady, the inde
fatigable press . agent of. the circus bl
cause it is a mutual admiration society
whose members never swing a hammer
but laud each other.to the skiel * m -'
The Puff Club: ha3 a treasury. Weeklv
each member turns -over to the stake
holder a contribution that' is in keeninW
with his salary. Fines are inflicted^! "o%
cracking old jokes and for errors In jude!
ment.- The club had its bimonthly session
last night after the performance y I cc-m"
mittee had engaged a spacious hall aid a
number of barrels of wet goods and to*
bacco were procured for the enjoyment of
the members and -guests. -v - ¦ , - r OI
-It was a^'stag.party" and the aggrega
tion turned loose all the enthusiasm that
it has been storing up for months" Pre
vious to the convening of the party ar
rangements were made for Turkish hat h=
Wheni.the^ clowns .finished n^rA-makw
they retired to the recuperating £5kv?
lishment for treatment. This Twal necesl"
sary, as they , have : to take « part iS^hla
afternoon's performance. ¦>¦ ¦ "-.° ini3
Memtfers of the "Puff Club" Imbiba
Freely and Then Adjourn to the
Turkish, Baths.
P. Bagnasco.an inmate of the OldPeo
ple's Home and more than 70 years of age,
sect-red ; a ..warrant . from ' Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest: of ; Mrs: Alice A.
Bt-nhett, a young widow,' living at 1116 Fll
bJrt street, on the charge of felony embez
zlement.' He " alleges that : he gave Mrs.
Btnnett'. $390 to ' deposit in - the Hibernia
B&nk inhis name. A *few. days' ago he
made a demand upon her, for an account
ing and she refused one, claiming that he
ov f-1 , her ¦ more ' than the amount .for ser
vices ¦ rendered , by < her as , a nurse. •. She
was arrested and released on $50 cash bail.
Widow Keeps His Money.
Martha "Washington *\ Council > of the
Daughters of .Liberty , recently entertained
the membership *6f America " Council of
Oakland in the Protective Hall of . the
Shiels building.. .After ; the "visitors had
seen the initiatory work \ done in - a very
creditable manner the council closed and
there was an adjournment to the banquet
hall, where a dainty collation was served.
Then followed a short but interesting pro
gramme of music, songs and '¦. literary ef
forts. ¦¦ On the night of the 29th inst: this
council will give a "hard times party" ; in
the Laurel Hall of the Shiels building. A
good programme has been arranged. .
/The party given by California
Council No; 1 last week was well attended
and proved to be a source of pleasure to
all who were in" Laurel Hall of the Shiels
building. . There 4 was . a i short \ programme
or music and then 'a guessing contest; as
to the number ofseeds.in a' huge water
melon.- The guesses, were from 100 to 10,
000. The nearest guesser was Mr. Rittler.
who , was awarded- a prize, j while the one
who went farthest away -. from the : actual
number was awarded a booby prize. Then
followed a dance, after which there> was
a watermelon feast • in the prettily decor
ated banquet hall. .-. Misses Etta Crawford,
Carrie Sproul, Hattle Blundell ; and Ethel
Fletcher and George ¦ Little, composed the
committee :that-managed- the affair.
Daughter's of Liberty?
CLOWNS OF- THE CIRCUS
HOLD A MIDNIGHT PARTY
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 29.— For two years
a committee of citliiens, backed by a pub
lic appropriation, has been conducting an
investigation looking to the installation of
an improved system of water supply. ; Ru
dolph Hering of New York and other'ex
perts have been brought here in further
ance of this design.
Two sources of supply were discussed at
length— artesian wells east of the city
and the Sacramento river, the water from
which should - be purified ' and rendered
clear by a mechanical filtration plant,
such as is being introduced in Washing
ton,^. C, and other Eastern 1 cities. The
committee, by a two to one vote, has de
cided for the river - filtration ¦ plan, r The
matter of the purchase of a plant will be
put before the people. at the November
election. •
Having Water of the River
Utilized.
Committee of Citizens : Decides on
SACBAMENTO MAY. GET
PLANT 'FOR FILTRATION
.WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— Consul Sorsby
•has- reported to "the State. Department
from San Juan . del Norte, under date of
July 31, that the Nicaraguan Government
Is about to pay the interest coupon on
the, foreign debt, amounting to $34,000, al
though this interest is not due' until next
January.
Nicaragua Will Pay the Interest.
ceal their chagrin over the manner in
which he has been treated.
The retirement of Julius Kruttschnitt
will create much comment throughout
railroad circles. Mr. Kruttschnitt is 47
years old. He was born in New Orleans.
He studied civil engineering and grad- ;
uated from the Engineering School of
Washington in 187S. In 1878 he entered the
railway service, his first appointment
being with Morgan's Louisana and Texas,
Road and Steamship Company. In July,
1S89. he was appointed assistant manager
of the Atlantic system of* the Southern
Pacific, which position he held until 1&35,
when he was appointed manager.
On October 1, 1895, he was appointed gen
eral manager of all lines of the Southern
Pacific, which position he now holds. In
April. 1S98, he was also made fourth vice
president of the Southern Pacific. Dur
ing his sojourn in California Mr. Krutt
schnitt has made his home at San Mateo.
He is a prominent clubman, being a mem
ber of both the Paciflc-Unlon and Burlln
game clubs.
Charles H. Markham is 40 years old. His
first position in the railway service was a
most humble one — that of a section la
borer of the Atchison. Topeka and Santa
Fe Railroad. Later he entered the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific and in March
1891. he was made agent of the company
at Reno. From March. 1894. to July, 1897,
he was district and freight passenger
agent at Fresno. Since that time he has
held his present position of general freight
and passenger agent of the Southern Pa
cific Company on all Oregon lines, with
headquarters at Portland, Or.
He is an athlete and a member of the
Multnomah Athletic Club of Portland. He
is also very popular in social circles in
that city.
PAPER AND SULPHUR
.THE FUEL FOR FLAMES
Fire in Oregon City I>estroys Build
ings and Causes a Large^
. XjOSS. .
OREGON CITY, Or./ Aug. 29.— Fire
broke out suddenly a1j-2:30 o'clock this
afternoon. in the storeroom of the Crown
Paper Company; ¦ The water hose ;was
promptly applied, but when the fire was
¦well under control the hose broke and be
fore it could be repaired the fire got un
der way a second time and" the* flames
spread rapidly across the canal. Igniting
the store and wareroom of the Willamette
Pulp and Paper Company. Both build-
Ings were destroyed with the contents,
consisting of alum, sulphur, pulp and ma
chinery- The loss is estimated at 510,000
to 515,000, largely covered by Insurance.
Wheel Crushed a Woman's Leg.
ANGELS CAMP, Aug. 29.— James Nick
ley and his family started out for a camp
ing trip to-day when the team* became
frightened and overturned the wagon.
One of the wheels passed over Mrs. Nick
ley's right leg, crushing the bones.
-Just' to be good isn't -enough;, same .peo
ple are good for nothing. .. ** .VJ'f
~ The resolutions call attention to the ad
vantage resulting to both ~ miners and
operators by a written contract ¦ covering
the wage rate ..for a stated period and
specifying : the | conditions ''of * labor. • The
committee alleges that instead of agree
ing to the request for a written agreement
the ' various companies . posted notices of
an indefinite- character. .In many In
stances, the resolutions state, ¦ written
notices -: posted and ; verbal . agreements
made by superintendents with committees
have been violated under various pretexts.
Employes who derived the benefit of the
10 : per cent increase have, It is asserted,
been discharged and new men placed In
their positions . at the qld wages. ¦ The
committee states in the resolutions that if
the miners are required to live up to their
agreements, then, the coal companies
should do likewise, instead of seeking to
destroy the' mine workers' organization
by. intimidating the men.". % Hereafter the
miners will insist upon written agree
ments, .which shall be signed in joint con
vention before the present contract ex
pires and .they will also, insist upon. the
present working card. being continued un
til the question of a general working
badge for the bituminous and anthracite
regions : is decided upon at the next
tional j convention. -' .- ».' - ' - •. . -
.The resolutions recommend written In
stead of verbal agreements with all. the
coal companies, strict compliance with the
present contract and v continuation; of .the
.card inspection system as now conducteo.
and instruct President Mitchell and the
'district presidents to confer with the coal
companies regarding - card ¦ inspection . and
violation ! of agreements ; and to arrange
for a joint conference. These officers are
vested with power to declare "a" strike if
contracts now in. force are not lived up to.
HAZLETON, Pa., Aug. 29.— With the
adoption of the report of the committee on
resolutions the United Mine Workers this
afternoon practically finished their work.
The convention will adjourn to-morrow.
t VANCOUVER, B> C, Aug. 29.-The
short, end of the Vancouver, .Yukon and
Northern Railway between Liverpool, the
pvesent Canadian terminus of the Great
Northern Railway, and Vancouver, is to
be built at once. The railway will cross
the Fraser River- by the new Government
bridge, which is now in coyifse of "con
struction at Westminster. , .
I A letter of ; eredlt, aggregating -nearlv"
$2,000,000 has been" placed In the hands of
J. Hendry,- manager of the Hastings mill
here. It is signed by a representative of
the Morgan-Hill syndicate. With other
members of the company here holding the
charter for the Vancouver Northern Rail
way, they will push the construction of
th» short line into Vancouver, work on
v:h!ch has already been started. This
will give the Great Northern a. direct ser
vict: into Vancouver, with probably two
daily trains, five- hours from Seattle..
. The line of the Canadian Pacific is more
round about and. much longer.. The
chances are- against the real . construction
of the. rail way: to the Yukon for a long
time to come, .but the present charter
came In very handy for the promoter of
the short line to Vancouver by the Great
Northern, especially, when a' right of way
had been secured over the ' farms and
across the ranches between the, two* cities.
A special meeting of the- City- Council
.was/held this morning to arrange details
regarding the construction of the line
'in* r o the 'city. \ * •¦
¦¦;-'¦ ' " ¦ , i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER. Aug. 29.— The American For
estry Association completed its work to
day and adjourned sine die. At the morn
ing session a number of papers were read
Professor A. D. Hopkins of Morgantown,
W. Va., discussed "Insect Enemies of the
Forest and Forest Products." He gave
many valuable hints. on how to combat
these pests.
..^ >rof e f s £ r Hopkins alsq read a paper on
"Forest Conditions la .West Virginia"
Professor William R. Dudley of Stan
ford University, California, read an inter
esting paper on "The Santa Lucia Silver
Fir. (Abies Venusta).
Professor Charles E. Bessey of Lin
coln,Nebr., gave a paper on "Twenty Na
tive Forest Trees of Nebraska " -
The afternoon was devoted to the hear
ing^ of reports of committees and other
routine business. The election of officers
will occur at the annual, meeting of the
association, which . is an incorporated
body, in December. , v
The following resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, That we : urge upon the "¦ Cone-rp**
of the United States and th e P Federal authori
ties the importance of setting aside as 'orest
reserves all considerable bodies of public lan.I
whose character is such that they are more
valuab e^for forests than for agriculture or
other . industrial purposes an d further that
steps be, taken to afforest the vacant or wast»
public lands of the prairie States waste
Resolved. That if the results of' the' investi
gation ordered by the Congress of the United
States . demonstrate that it inadvisable to +*t
aside and devote to forest reservation pur
poses any or all of the lands in the Leach Lak«
Indian reservation, the Winnibigoshlsh Indian
.reservation, the Mississippi Indian reservation
the Chippewa Indian reservation and the Cass
Lake Indian reservation, known as pine lands
and such other lands, if any. as are unfit for
agriculture and are^not required for Indian
allotments, then, and in that event we most
respectfully . petition the Congress of the
United States to take such action as -may be
necessary to accomplish such result ¦ - ' ¦
DURANGO, Colo., Aug. . 29.— By the
turning over of the Pullman ,on th»
westbound Rio Grande passenger train
at 11:18 this morning Mother Baptiste of
Denver. Mother Superior of Colorado,
was killed and Sister Mary Nora and
Harley McCoy, also of Denver, and
Pullman Conductor Whan were injured.
The accident occurred at Lobato side
track, about 100 yards from -the high
bridge, five miles east of Chama. Rail
road men and passengers alike" are un
able to explain why the car turned over,
as the time was slower than usual, the
track in good condition, and there was
no breakage before the accident. Tne
car was dragged about 75 feet. Mother
Baptiste was sitting on the left side and
the car turned , to the right. She was
thrown across the aisle and hair through
an open window, her head and noul
ders being dragged between the tJe_of
the^car and the ties. She was be
fore any one reached her. Her head was
split open. Sister Mary Nora is hurt in
ternally, and her injuries are quite seri
ous Harley McCoy was asleep when
Sfl'jar came. His arm slipped through
the window and his hand was ground off
at the wrist. Conductor Whan had his
'eft hip crushed and was also Internally
injured. W. D. .McDowell. State Health
Inspector, was aboard the train and
cared for the injured at Chama. He was
reinforced by Dr. D. R. Russell, who
came through to Durango.
Three brakemen jumped off a mile be
low Ellensburg, after trying in vain .to
stop the train 'with, hand brakes. Before
they could hurry back .to Ellensburg ar
rangements were perfected to send ¦¦ in
pursuit of the runaway ¦ train the fastest
engine in the Ellensburg roundhouse.
With a double locomotive crew. It was
quickly switched on the main line and
orders given to catch the, missing train
at all hazards. A speed of sixty miles an
hour was quickly attained and sustained
until the freight cars were overtaken at
Rosea, twenty-two miles beyond Ellens
burg. At this point a slight upgrade Was
encountered, which somewhat slackened
the momentum of the runaway train and
made it possible to couple an engine to it.
Soon after the train was brought, to a
standstill and flagmen were sent ahead to
warn approaching trains.
The train had been, switched out on the
main line at the Ellensburg yard prepara
tory to attaching to it a locomotive
which would haul it to Spokane. In some
unaccountable manner the train broke
loose and started down the grade toward
Yakima.
TACOMA, Aug. 29.— The most unique
instance of an entire train running away
ever known in .-the . Northwest : occurred
last night at Ellensburg, when, a heavily
laden freight train of thirty-nine cars got
beyond control and rushed down a moun
tain grade for twenty-two' miles at' a
speed of sixty miles an hour. By great
good luck no other train was met and not
the slightest damage resulted. Neverthe
less the railway men stand aghast at the
thought of the frightful accident which
would have resulted had the runaway,
train met another train or some other
obstacle. ' . i
Special Dispatch to The Call. v
Railway Men in North-
west Receive Abun
dant Coin.
One Passenger Instantly
Killed and Several
Badly Injured.
Train Rushes Down a
Mountain Grade at;
Terrific Speed.
Forestry Association Pe
titions Congress for % *
Needed Aid.
Members "Will. Insist
on Companies Giving
Written Contracts.
Dr. Morris Is accompanied by ~hi3
brother, and upon leaving here will go to
Johns Hopkins University, where he is to
lecture in October. Dr. Morris is the chief
physician of St. Mary's Hospital. London;
editor of the Practitioner, a journal ¦ de
voted to medical subjects, and vice chair
man of the Post Graduate College of the,
English metropolis. . .-_¦;• ._.>
Staying at the Palace is Dr..' Malcoro
Morris, the celebrated London physician,
who has come here to deliver a course of
ten lectures at the Cooper Medical Col
lege. Every year some world-rerfwvned
specialist is invited to deliver a course of
lectures before the Cooper students, and
Dr. Morris Is now here in response to such
an invitation. _ •
The lectures will begin at 11 o'clock on
Monday next and will be delivered twice
a day for "five days. The subject treated
will be diseases of the skin, and special
attention will be given to leprosy, syphilis
and other disorders, which, because of
their general spread, are at present at
tracting the attention of the medical
world. - - . • ¦ r.-» - '
Will Lecture at Cooper College.
MINE WORKERS
FINISH LABORS
SEEKS TO SAVE
NATIVE FORESTS
CAR TURNS OVER
ON SIDE TRACK
ENGINE CHASES
RUNAWAY CARS
MONEY READY
FOR THE ROAD
On Saturday evening. August 17. a party
was eiven to Miss . Mona Renfro at her
residence, 1649 Golden Gate avenue, in
honor of her thirteenth birthday. Among
those present • were : .
Olita Meyer, Alice Vice. Genevleve Heimisch,
Clara Hirsch, ? Pauline Algeltinser, Ethel
Maass, Etta. Alpern, Margaret Spencer, Helen
Brurn Blanche Whipple, Edna RIese, Selma
Green.' Jeannette Appel. Jennie Alpern, Elsie
Naaon, Lovlna Hund. Bohy 5 Renfro, Nellie
Renfro. Mona Renfro. Mr. and Mrs.- A. D. Ren
fro, Mr. and Mrs. T. Vice, Mr. and Mrs. Leo
pold, Mr. . and Mrs. H. • Maass, Mrs. Meyer.
Mrs. Titus. Miss Lou Geary. Lon Parker of
Mill Valley. Miss A. Vlce_ Miss Minnie Bowen,
Miss Rainer. T. Vice Jr.. Miss A. Neary.
Cards have been sent out announcing
the wedding of Charles Henry Jacob Tru
man and Alice Otilia Theuerkauf. They
will be at home the first and third Thurs
day? at 2421 Folsom street. ¦
The engaeement of Miss Maude G«?r
truda "Winter "of Berkeley to James "Wiley
Hupp has been announced. Miss "Winter
is well known across the bay. Mr. Hupp
Is largrely interested in mines in Trinity
County.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Godchaux and
daughter Marie will arrive here on Friday
evening from Europe, via Hongkong, after
an absence of twenty-one years and will
be. at home to their friends every Sunday
afternoon during the month of September
at the residence of Adolph Godchaux, 2620
I-uchanan street. "
Miss Lillian Griffin of San Francisco.
Miss Lena Clark and Miss Annie Snee of
Marin County have just returned from a
two weeks' cycling trip down south an 1
through Marin County. :
After sixtenth months traveling
through the Eastern States, Europe. Aus
tralia and New Zealand, K, Emil
Schwartze returned home on the steam
thip Scnoma.
Miss Laura M. Conway haa returned
home after a four months' tour of Ari
zcaa and Southern California.
Directors of the Company
: In Favor of Accept
ing the Bid.
0. W. Morse^Makes Big Offer
to Get Ownership of
the Corporation;
WISHES TO BUY
TELEPHONE LINE
V«S& ONSTANTINOPLE, Wednesday,
([ - ¦ Aug. 28.— The Turkish Ministry
(L -: . discussed the French claims yes-
terday. It is believed that full
'satisfaction will be given to
France. /.I- V~
PARIS. Aug. 29.— M. Constans^ the
French Embassador to Turkey, arrived in
Paris to-day from Constantinople and had
a conference with the Foreign Minister,
M. Delcaase. In an interview afterward
M. ; Constans said he would not return to.
Constantinople untir the dispute, was set
tled. M. Delcasse at to-day's conference
confirmed the statement that M. Constans
had acted in perfect accord with the views
of the Government. The Embassador did
not think the Sultan would hold, out very
long, while as to the possibility of war be
tween France .. and . Turkey M. Constans
Ministry of the Porte May Yet Give Full Sat
isfaction to France.
FRENCH EMBASSADOR CONSTANS SAYS WAR
WITH TURKEY IS OUT OF THE QUESTION
Courts of the Sultan Condemn to Death Au
t thor borys; Formerly an Official.
said it was quite out of the question.
M: Georges Dorys, son of the late Prince
ofJSamos.ra former Minister of the;Sul
tan of Turkey and formerly? Governor ; of
Crete, has been condemned to ¦death. by
the Sultan's courts»at the/.- direction .'.of
Abdul Hamidll. .This action was taken
in Constantinople because of the publica
tion of M. Dorys' book, "The Private Life
of the Sultan." ',
The book so angered the .Turkish ruler
that he exerted his influence In diplomatic
channels to have it suppressed in all Euro
pean countries., -.His efforts succeeded in
Sweden, but 'the popular/outcry against
such action In Paris was so strong that
the Government declined to exert itself.
M. Dorys ' secretly left Constantinople
some time ago and is now a resident in
Paris, where he has Identified himself with
tfe Toung Turks' party.
NEGRO MURDERER
STILL AT LARGE
Their Efforts.
Pursuers Discouraged
Over the Failure of
Bloodhounds Trace Him to
Coal Mine, but There
Lose Their Scent.
HOLDEN. Mo. .Aug. 29.— "Boss!©" Fran
cis, the murderer of Miss Mary Hender
son of Columbus, Mo., on Tuesday even
ing, has thus far eluded his pursuers and
to-night the' largo posse that has been
searching for him partially disbanded, dis
couraged over the failure of their efforts,
after having been, as they supposed, at
the point of capturing the negro. A pack
cf bloodhounds were obtained to-day from
Manhattan. Kans., and taken to the Hy
att farm, the scene of the murder. They
found the trail of Francis readily and
followed it straight to the coal mine at
Black water, owned by a negro named
John Hardy, whose wife is an aunt ¦ of
Francis. The posse, composed of 200 men,
felt cure that Francis was hidden in the
mine shaft, but as he was known to have
two pistols none of the men ventured to
go down. Finally A. W. Rice, owner of
the bloodhounds, entered the mine, tak
ing the dogs with him, but failed to find
Francis after a thorough search.
Late this afternoon Deputy Sheriff Tem
ple of Warrensburg called a council of
the posse, and after discussing the situa
tion the men decided to disperse for the
night, leaving a- few of their number on
guard at the important points. The search
will be continued to-morrow by a large
number of men.
Charles W. Hyatt, brother-in-law of the
murdered woman, will offer a reward for
the arrest or for the body of Francis, and
this is expected to stimulate the efforts
of the volunteers. •-,'••• :
Francis i» known to all the negroes In
the county and is very popular among
them. No one supposes that he has gone
far from Columbus, and it is thought that
no negro in the neighborhood would re
fuse him food or shelter. There are sev
eral negro settlements in the district and
there are negro cabins everywhere. All
the Resrroes have been dlsarmd by the
volunteers and their houses searched.
There seems to be no doubt that Fran
cis first fled to his uncle's house at Black
water and then took refuge in the woods.
At this season of the year the vines and
weeds along the numerous creeks make
thick shelter.
The three negroes taken to Warrens
burg. 6uspected of having aided Francis
in his flight, are in no danger, the town
being entirely quiet to-night.
hehtze wrirs a victory
OVEH THE" COPPER TRTJST
Moatena Supreme Court Denies Ap-
plication for Injunction Pend
ing Searing of Appeal.
HELENA, Mont.. Aug. 29.— The Su
preme Court announced an important rul
ing in the litigation involving the Minnie
Healy mine in Butte to^Cv. when the ap
plication of Miles Finlen for an j Injunc
tion to restrain F. A. Heinre from operat
ing the mine pending the appeal from
Judge Harney s decision was denied.
AVork will be resumed in the mine. The
affidavit reflecting on the character | of
Judge Harney. who tried the Minnie
Healy case, was also ordered stricken
from the files of the court. The court
made a third order denying the motion of
the Boston and Montana Company for an
increase in the Pennsylvania indemnify
ing bend. In all of the orders made
Heinze wins. ..V .
KUESIAN DETECTIVES
ARREST TWO SUSPECTS
Authorities at Copenhagen Attempt
to Keep the Detention of Two
Men Secret, v^.
COPENHAGEN. Aug. 29.— The city is
full of Russian detectives, in anticipation
of the Czar's visit. Two Russians, were
arrested here last night and the authori
ties tried to keep the matter secret.
The rough weather ' prevailing renders
the Czar's arrival before Monday Improb
able.
A liberal demonstration in honor of
Xing Christian has been arranged for
Sunday. It promises to be the greatest
display of its kind witnessed here in
years. The King will personally open the
Rlgsdad in October.
542,000 internal revenue stamps.
Large Sefunding Mortgage Filed.
GUTHRIE. O. T.. Aug. 29.— The St.
Louis and San Francisco Railroad Com
pany to-day filed with Oklahoma's Secre
tary its $85,000,000 refunding mortgage
given to the Morton Trust Company of
Xew fork and William H. Thompson of
St. Louis. It -e due in 1551 and carries
Continued From Page One.
J. B. WRIGHT TO SUCCEED.
%THB SAN ¦FEANGISCQ^CALL; FRlbAY,,; AUGUST 30, 1901.
2
NE"W YORK, Ausr.\ 29.— Charles "W.
Morse, a director in the Garfleld*National
Bank and the Bank of New Amsterdam,
haa made a proposition to the board of
directors of the Telephone. Telegraph and
Cable Company of America, to purchase
that corporation outright for $2,000,000 in
cash. This is the only formidable rival
of the Bell Telephone Company. Confi
dential circulars announcing: ths offer
made by Morse were mailed to the stock
holders Of the company to-day. In which
the board of directors recommended the
acce'ptance of the offer, in view of the
fact that "a-la'rge number of stockholders
are " not willing . to advance additional
funds."
Morse represents himself only in the
proposition.
The company was incorporated with a
capital of . $30,000,000 under the laws of
New. Jersey on November 9. 1S39.
Since the offer of Morse, which was
made about ten days ago, the boards of
directors of the various subsidiary com
panies of the Telephone. Telegraph and
Cable Company of - America have held
meetings and approved of his proposition
and a day or two ago. the directors of the
present organization met, with the result
that the circular of to-day followed.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Specialist Disease
end weakness - of
men. Established
1881. Consultation
and private book
free. at'offl«e or. by
mall. Cures - guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (eleva-
tor . entrance),'.. Ban
Francisco.
DR.MEYERS&CO.
TJ 15 TT C II 17 C F0R BARBERS, BAK-
Tjf\U ers - bootblacks, bath-
*** . -* - - , houses,, .billiard tables,
brewers/ ¦ bookbinders.' '. candy-malt era. '. canners.
dyers. ¦ nournatlla. _, foundries, laundries. 5 paper-
hangers, printers, -.painters, shoe i» factories,
stablemen, - tar-roofers, .tanners, .tallo^a/ tte.
' BUCHANAN '! BROS.'
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento S
IS A GBEAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
*tor and Nervine. ' ¦¦ '
' The most wonderfu! aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases o* the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits..
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE.. Agent3.
323 Market St.. S, F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA:
Damiana Bitters
MUSEUM OF ANATOHY
; £a 1031 visn? sz.im. ei*». s.r.cai.
X3f ' The Largest Anatomical Museiua in U>e
mi J\_ World. Weaknesses or any contracted
OJS ~3i *sea»e positively cared ny the oldest
Jfe^a I Speciilist on ihs Coast. Esc. 36 years. I
iff? fl Df? * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
F^CSSDl Coiwulution fre« and strictly private.
I 1^5? If Trsatment personally or by letter. A ,
fl nfftB f«iim Cure in t«ery case undwulcra.
P 3 • tlA - Write for Book. PBttOMPBYrf,
•if '¦ 1^ aARRMtE. MAILED FREE. ( A. \
V'.-A IL valuable book for m^n)
SEJOSDAX* CO., 1051 ATarSet St. S. F. I
visit? DR^ JORDAN'S, great
Show us no favor. Buy.^of
yom grocer Fels-Naptha 'soap,
arid ask for your money back,- if
not twice as good as we say. r
Pels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.'
ATTEMPT TO BUY A PIANO
?f f T °^? r ? u -v Eee tne llne represented by the new plano'house, THE "WILET B.
ALLEN CO., and you make a mistake. V
LET. US TBLL^YOU
That we are trying to introduce ourselves here by the ; Introduction of fine,
high grade pianos at Introductory prices. ". - .
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS M*BAN*S? *
You can buy a Steck. Everett. Hardman. Conover, Packard or Ludwlg piano
rrom us at a price which " will greatly surprise you. We cannot quote prices
in print. It would demoralize the trade here If we did. Just drop in and see
for yourself how beautiful, how good and how grand our pianos are. Ask the
price and the piano Is yours. - :¦">*
LAST WEEK WE TOOK ;' IN A DOZEN *
Or more of pood, substantial second-hand pianos as part payment for new
ones. Any of these second-hand pianos you can take for a trifling sum of
money. Among the lot is a Sohmer, Chiekerlng. Knabe. Emerson. Bauer and
a Sterling, we have some fairly good square pianos as. low -as $45, and an
- Apollo self-playing piano, almost new. for $150. "•> • v «^. • '
• ¦ • . • - • • - ¦ • - ... • -•_¦.,• ,•¦.». •-.**' ' « " . .
IN THE NEAR FUTURE
We will. In addition to our present quarters at 933 Market street, occupy the
e 2£*t premises adjoining at 831 . Market street, where now Is located Fair- -
child s San Francisco Shoe House. Our great aim and object is to become the
et th* establishment of San Francisco. , Keep your eye onus and see us :
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 MarketiSt;.^, San. Francisco.
___j_ t O5I BROADVyAY. OAKLAND. ~ r *
j ADV ilRTTSEIidENTa. \PITTSBURG, Aug. 29.-OfScials of. the
mills of the United States Steel Corpo
ration that were closed by the strike of
the Amalgamated Association stated to
day that they are receiving many appli
cations from, former employes for ¦work.
The announcement that the company
would start its mills . non-union has,
the officials believed, caused a weaken
ing In the ranks of the strikers and
many are seeking cover. The Amalga-
Steel "Workers and Mill
Owners Give No Sign
of Settling.
END OF STRIKE
IS FAR DISTANT
In 1888 the first law adopting -the Aus
tralian . system of voting , was < passed • in
Kentucky, and by 1898 the Australian sys
tem had come Into force by legislative ac
tion In every State in the cpuntry,. except
North Carolina and South .Carolina, •.
NEW YORK,' Aug. 29.— There was an
other ¦bearing \ In the Supreme Court to
day in the~case of Police Captain . IMa
mond, who is under" indictment : charged
with neglect of duty in falling, to suppress
a disorderly house in his precinct. At its
conclusion Justice Geigrich granted a mo
tion made ; by .the District Attorney, to
modify the order In* the case lnso far
as it strikes out that portion of Justice
Dykeman's order,. which ordered a stay of
all proceedings pending the arguments for
the change of venue and the < transfering
of the case to the Supreme Court.- On the
motion . for ' the change • of venue the . Jus
tice .reserved his decision. ¦.This, means
that Captain Diamond must plead as soon
as, the District Attorney can arrange mat-
Order. Made Staying All ¦ Pro
ceedings Temporarily.
Motion Granted Modifying Previous
ACCUSED POLICE CAPTAIN
SEEKS CHANGE OF VENUE
Tho deer were all bought in the vicinity
of the Orla and they were to be shipned
from that place to Port Clarence. The
distance ' is 2000 miles and Lieutenant
Bertholf. expressed some doubt as to the
success of the experiment. The deer pur
chased cost- 13 rubles per head in Orla,
but the additional expense in keeping,
shipping, etc., brings the total cost of the
animals landed in Alaska to about $30
each. '¦ "/ ¦
¦WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The Secretary
of tne Interior has received from Lieu
tenant Bertholf of the revenue cutter ser
vice, a report of purchases of reindeer
made in Siberia for shipment to Alaska
during the present summer. He says he
has secured 450 young does and fifty
bucks, all of the large Tunsus breed, and
that he thinks 'that a . contract can be
made for 1500 reindeer for next summer. .¦
Doubt Expressed as to Whether They
Cart* Be Safely Shipped to
Alaska.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The transport
Sheridan will leave : San Francisco next
Saturday with a number of teachers for
Philippine schools and the transport Sum
ner will follow on the 12th with another
large delegation of teachers for the. same
destination.
More Teachers for the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The Division
of Insular Affairs of the War Department
to-day made public the annual report of
C. M. Cotterman,- director general of posts
in the Philippine Islands. While the gross
receipts from the postal service during the
last fiscal year showed an increase over
the preceding year, the expenses were in
creased to a considerably greater extent
than the receipts. The apparent de
ficiency is explained by a statement that
considerable amounts had to be expended
during the year on mall transportation
through foreign countries, the debt having
lapped over from the preceding year. ¦
The number of regular postofflces in the
archipelago was Increased from nineteen
to. twenty-three. . Cotterman urges the
application of United States postage rates
to the islands. He comments upon the
irregularity . of interisland mail transpor
tation and recommends ' that authority be
given to advertise for bids for a' regular
service to all Important points in the
islands and that steamers awarded con
tracts be required by law to run on a set
schedule. &
The Expenses During the Past Fiscal
Year Considerably Exceed the
Receipts.
IMPROVED POSTAiL SERVICE
IN FEUJFFINE ISLANDS
GOVERNMENT PURCHASES
REINDEEB IN SIBERIA
One Berlin paper has gone so far as to
describe the agreement of 1S97 as "an in
strument to keep Austria quiet while Rus
sia is engaged in Manchuria.' ' .
The idea underlying this warning ap
pears to be that Russia, having attained
her objects in. Eastern. Asia, is now
ready to pursue similar alms in the Bal
kans. \
Immediately after this visit articles ap
peared in the semi-official Hungarian pa
pers — articles believed In some quarters to
be inspired by Count Goluchowski — warm
ly protesting against Russia's intrigues in
the Balkans. These protests were based
on rumors that 'Russia was massing
troops on»the Roumanian frontier and
sending torpedo-boats into the Killa. an
arm of the Danube;, and they plainly
warned Russia that, unless she faithfully
adheres to the Austro-Russian agreement
of 1897 to preserve the status quo in the
Balkans, Austria "wiil resume her liberty
of action." ¦¦¦ " " ' . ..-v
LONDON, Aug. 30.— The Roumanian
Premier, M. Siltrzia, recently visited
Vienna, where he had long conferences
¦with Count v Goluchowski, the Austro-
Hungarian Minister of Foreign Affairs, on
the situation in the Balkans. He conferred
with General von. Beck, chief of the Aus
tro-Hungarian general staff.
Warm Protests Made
Against Russia's In
' trigues.
C. F. Ressiguie, at present general su
perintendent of the entire Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe Railway, will con
tinue to maintain headquarters in Topeka
in charge of the Eastern grand division.
Mr. Hurley will be in charge of the "West
ern grand division, with headquarters at
La Junta, Colo. -¦"¦.¦-.
The supervision of General Superintend
ent Retslguie will extend over the main
line, and branch lines east of Newton,
Kan., and the main line south from New
ton to Purcell, I.T. General Superintendent
Hurley's supervision will be over the main
line and branch lines west of Newton, and
over the Panhandle division, which now
includes the Pecos Valley Railroad.
In deciding- to establish two grand di
visions, . the Santa Fe management is re
turning to the system that was in effect
for several years prior to 1896. In that
year H. U. Mudge, now general manager,
was made general superintendent of the
entire Atchison, TopelifL and Santa Fe
Railway, and Charles Ijyer, now general
superintendent of the Colorado and South
ern, who had been for some time general
superintendent of the Western grand di
vision of the Santa Fe, was reduced to a
division superintendent and the grand di
visions abolished.
J. E. Hurley, at present acting general
superintendent of the Santa Fe Pacific,
Southern California and San Joaquin Val
ley roads, the Santa Fe lines west of Albu
querque, will be the new general superin
tendent. The date of Mr. Hurley's ap
pointment, which will be simultaneous
with the division of the road, has not yet
been definitely decided on. It will be
either September 15 or October 15.
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railroad proper, that portion of the Santa
Fe system extending from Chicago td Al
buquerque, N. II., and Purcell, 'I. T., is to
be divided into two grand divisions and
operated under two general superintend
ents.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 29.— The
Times to-morrow will say:
Reports from all the mills of the cor
porations show that steady gains are
being made from the force of non-union
men. The strikers bay they Induced six
non-union men to desert the Star mills
to-day and shipped them back to Chi
cago, whence they came. On the other
hand. Superintendent Piper of the Star
plant announced that he is nearly ready
to start up the other mills in the plant,
and the men now waiting for the im
provements to be completed are in
the mill. In. the 'Painter mills
the work is progressing smoothly
and no desertions are reported.
New men are being secured, though the
CDmpany officials say that on Sundays
the strikers make an active canvass of
the homes of the men at- work and seek
to induce them to remain away from the
plant. The last two mills in- the Painter
plant were to have- been started to-day,
but it was found impossible to have
them ready, and the starting was post
poned for a few days. Pickets about the
Lindsay-McCutcheon plant In Allegheny
say they turned back a new man to-day
who was bound for the mills. Other
than this there were no changes in . the
Allegheny plant.
Another Mill Successfully Started.
The only significant action . In Law
renceville to-day was the successful
starting of the Guide mill In the Lower
Union mills of the Carnegie Company.
The start was made, according to the
officials, with a fun crew and the mill
will be run without interruption. Re
garding the rumor that the steel work
ers' strike would affect the opening of
the window glass - plants . this « fall, a
prominent manufacturer to-day said the
reason given for this was absurd. The
building trades, he said, have not been
affected by the strike In the least, as
was asserted. The structural steel mills
have not been stopped at any time and
buildings have been carried up without
interruption. If there is a delay in start
ing the glass factory fires, they say, it
will be from other causes. . .
There was little of interest about head
quarters of the Amalgamated Associa
tion to-day. The cause of the absence of
Assistant Secretary Tighe was intimated
In a report from Chicago, which sayn he
is engaged with Vice President : Davis
in organizing a new amalgamated lodge
In South Chicago, which will take the
place of the - one expelled by him two
weeks ago. It is said that fourteen,mem
bers have been secured for the new lodge
out of the membership of the former
lodge. . • ¦
The American Tin Plate Company has
announced that -It will start the Demm
ler mills of the company next Monday.
Police protection has -been asked from
Mayor Black of McKeesport.
Officials of the Amalgamated .Associa
tion will not discuss the report of In
junctions being • served against their
members at Canal . Dover, Ohio, until
they hear officially from their district
officers. It Is • believed by many of the
lay members of the association that
some effective way will be found by
which lnjuctlons can be circumvented.
But Few Desertions Are Reported.
mated officials, however, assert that their
ranks are unbroken and as strong as
ever. One of the steel officials said to
day that a general mistake was being
made regarding the time it would take
to train inexperienced men and make
them capable of operating mill machines.
This has been believed to be the case so
long that few have taken the trouble to
prove it otherwise. It is now determined,
he said, to have new men placed in po
sitions that will give them a chance to
learn the skilled work and many of the
men who held menial positions in the
union mills are to be taught skilled, work
with which -they are in a measure fa
miliar through long association with the
workings of the mills. It is confidently
asserted that before many months pass
it will be possible to produce many new
men and plenty to man all the plants that
are new Idle and which union men have
refused to take hold of. The strikers
say it will take years to accomplish this.
Santa Fe Railroad Will
Renew Its Former
System.
OFFICER WHO DEMANDED
THE INQUIRY, AND "WHERE
COURT WILL SIT.
ESTABLISHES TWO
GRAND DIVISIONS
records show that he named Gertrude
Swanson, No. 3 Terggaten, Torllhatten,
Sweden, as his next of kin. A cablegram
to Sweden, however, fails to elicit any
response. Claeson enlisted at Boston and
was discharged from the receiving ship
Vermont while at New York July 8, 1899.
. FORT SCOTT, Kan., Aug. 29.— In antici
pation of a serious strike at the Big Four
coal mines In Southwestern Kansas, the
company has representatives here employ
ing guards to protect " non-union men or
those who refuse to strike. The company
furnishes them with arms and will. It . la
said, station them In stockades about the
different . mines. It was with the assist
ance of the guard* that the companies
were enabled to successfully combat the
strikers two years ago. The feeling is be
coming stronger daily that a majority of
4000 men in the district will go out Sep
tember 1. .
ANTICIPATE A SERIOUS
STRIKE AT COAL MINES
Leavenworth School next year. The
squadron of the Fourth Cavalry, together
with: the squadron of the Eleventh Cav
alry, now. at . Jeff erson Barracks, will be
utilized for. such military parades as may
be necessary for the St.. Louis. Exposition.
NOGALES, Ariz., Aug. 29.— The ex
amination before the Court Com
' missloner of Collector Hoey at
this port began* this morning. He
was - called upon to answer, on
three charges — bribery, unlawfully permit
ting Chinese to . enter the United States
and conspiracy In connection with other
officials in permitting Chinese to enter
the United States unlawfully.
The last charge implicated the late Chi
nese Inspector Jossey of Tucson, who
committed suicide, or, as the local Coro'
ner's jury at Tucson said, "accidentally
killed himself." The complaint, j so far
as heard from sittings of the case, is one
of the most strikingly sensational that has
ever been known in official life in Ari
zona. ; •
• The abrupt demise of Jossey,' the Chi
nese inspector, leaves a page out of the
history. It is a song of gayety ended at
one step in tragedy. What the outcome
will be is of vital importance, not only to
those directly interested, but in many
avenues of official life as regards the
Government.
Frank How, a Nogales, Sonora, Chinese,
INTE1TDS RE-ESTABLISHING .
THE ' MILITARY SCHOOLS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— In ordering
the three squadrons' of the Fourth ' : Cav
alry to Fort Riley.'Fort Leavenworth and
Jefferson barracks Secretary Rootis "car
rying out,, the design he formed on his
:Westem trip of re-establishing the mili
tary schools. The squadron of the Fourth
Cavalry at Fort Riley, together with the
troops already stationed at the place, will
form the nucleus of the school to begin
some time this autumn. The squadr6n
of the Fourth Cavalry, a battery of field
artillery and a battalion of engineers will
be ready for the opening of the Fort
CZAR'S SCHEME
IN THE BALKANS
! As to the exact cause of the explosion
nothing is yet known, but a rigid inves
tigation is to be conducted at once.
Many of the passengers who escaped in
jury maintain that the City of Trenton,
which was late when she left her wharf
in this city, was racing at her topmost
speed? and that if this had not been the
case the accident would not have hap
pened. : /This is partly rborne out by a
statement said to* have been made by As
sistant Engineer John D. Chew. . Chew
,told his wife that he expected to be killed
by an explosion on the steamer, as the
company made the engineers keep up too
high a pressure of steam.
Although the searchers, consisting of a
corps of city police, have -been dragging
the river ever since yesterday
they have been unable to find any more
bodies. That there are more victims in
the river is the firm belief of the authori
ties, and their failure to find additional
dead is supposed to be due to the strong
current in the river at the point where
the explosion occurred.
The water was pumped out of the hull
of the burned steamer, after which a
careful search was made for additional
victims of the explosion, but none waf
found. *
Racing Causes the Disaster.
Of the thirty- three persons taken to the
hospital in the -House of Correction,: near
the scene of the explosion, the following
are in the institution: 1 Mrs. Edna Van
Scheick, Heightstown. N. J., will die; Miss
Fannie Keen, Philadelphia, will die; W.
C. Mershon, Morrisville, Pa.; J. W. Hast
ings. Philadelphia; Rirs. J., W. -Hastings,
Philadelphia; White Lansing, Trenton, N.
J.; Miss Clara Connor, Philadelphia; Mrs.
E. R: Smith, Philadelphia; Miss Reid.
The list of missing, which will doubt
less add many to the death roll, follows:
Irene Weild, aged 16 years;<Clare Weild,
aged 13, and "Dora Weild, aged 9, three
sisters of this city, who were with their
uncle, ¦William Dunn, who was killed on
the steamer; Mrs. "William H. Keene,
whose husband was killed; John D. Chew
of Camden, N. J., assistant engineer;
Miss Elizabeth Lippincott of Bristol,; Pa.,
a school teacher; Augustus Merkle, fire
man, Philadelphia; Mott Merkle, fireman,
Philadelphia; Anna Herr; 16 years . old,
Philadelphia; Mrs. John W. Matthews,
Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs. Frank Albert,
Philadelphia; Nellie Ballentyne. Philadel
phia; Herbert Cross, Philadelphia; Ethel
Stokes, Trenton, N. J.; Henry Johnson,
Hulmeville, Pa.; Marlon Ashmead, ;. 17
years old, Philadelphia; Elizabeth - Gllll
son, Philadelphia; James O'Connell, fire
man, Philadelphia; • Miss Edna Kinney;'
Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA,, Aug. 29.-The result
of the explosion of the boiler on the
steamer' City of Trenton while on her way
up the Delaware River from this, city to
Trenton, N. J., yesterday afternoon wan
more serious than was at first supposed.
Nine persons are known positively to have
been killed on the steamer and two of the
injured still will probably die; '
The identified dead are:
WILLIAM NELSON, aged 3 67 years, a
veteran- of the Civil "War. ,. . .
JAMES McCQRMACK, Wilmington,
Del., fireman. v *y . - ,
ELIZABETH GREENE, Philadelphia.
WILLIAM DUNN. Philadelphia.
A T. INASING, Trenton. • .
WILLIAM H. KEENE, Philadelphia.
JESSE STRATTON, - Trenton, died in
hospital. • . . ¦ ' . '.-¦ . -;\ j
In addition to these there are two char
red bodies, believed to be those of fe
males, in the morgue. They are beyond
recognition and will be buried in the pot
ters' field. ; -.
' , List of the Missing. J \
Racing Believed to Have
Caused the Bursting of
the Boat's Boilers.
was put oh the stand for the prosecution,
but objection was made on the score that
he was not eligible as a witness, because
he was illegally, in the United States. He
is the man who Is alleged to have assisted
in a scheme to smuggle Chinese across the
border. The Commissioner ruled out the
testimony • of the •¦ Chinese and took - the
matter under advfsement. " . . »
The most damaging- evidence against
Hoey was that of George Webb, a mount
.ed inspector. He said he "got on to crook
edness" in - November 1 last and bent his
energies at getting at the bottom of facts.
It was in his room that Special Agent of
the Treasury Department Dickey was se
creted in a closet and overheard a talk
between "Webb and Hoe.y of an agreement
to divide the spoils from Chinese fraudu
lently permitted to oass across the line.
The arrangement, he said, was that Webb
was " to ¦ get $10 from each Chinaman
passed. There was to be a mark, an "A,"
on each certificate, the holder of which
was > to pass unmolested. In all these
transactions. Webb said, he was paid his
pro-rata.
Corroboration by Dickey.
Special Agent Dickey corroborated
Webb's testimony as -regards the alleged
combine, and further stated that he had
• Special Dispatch to Th© Call.
The defense, in asking a continuance,
made the plea that they wished data from
the Collector's office to rebut the evidence
of Webb and others before the prosecu
tion. The Commissioner granted a recess
until 7 o'clock this evening. The night
session was taken up mostly by the talk
of attorneys, r.nd at a late hour Com
missioner George said he would dismiss
the-case in which the la£« Jossey was a
defendant on the charge of conspiracy,
but would hold Hoey on the charge of ac
cepting bribes and unlawfully permitting
Chinese to enter the United States, and
named the hour of 10 o'clock for fixing:
the amount of bor.5. It is the general
supposition that th tf rond will be placed
at 510.0CO.
"W. S. Cudaback, entry clerk in the Col
lector's office, said Frank How and other
Chinese often came Into the office to talk
with Hoey. and at all times the doors
were secured. One day Hoey called Cuda
back in and said: "There are some Chi
nese who wish to come across the line,
and there Is five dollars, apiece for you."
Cudaback pays he replied: "That is very
small and I will have nothing- to do with
It."
found th« letter "A" on certain certifi
cates held by Chinese on the American
Bide of the line.
Victims of the Delaware
River Explosion Num
ber Dozen.
Sensations Are Promised in the Case of Federal Off lcials
Near the riexican Border. %
MANY PERISH
IN DISASTER
COLLECTOR HOEY IS ORDERED
TO ANSWER BRIBERY CHARGE
OFFICERS BEIND CALLED HOME
TO TESTIFY AT SCHLEY COURT
Man Who Steered the Texas During the Battle Of f San
/tiago Bay^ Cannot Be Located.
. THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 1901.
'~\TTT WASHINGTON, ' Aug. 29.-En
\\ \\ / Blgna W. P. Cronln,.J. Halll
\V \V gan Jr - R - N. Marble Jr. and
V- V U. S. Macy, who have been
named as witnesses in the
coming Schley court of inquiry, have been
ordered to proceed to their homes imme
diately. With the exception of Macy,
who is attached to the Atlantic, these of
ficers are now serving on the Asiatic sta
tion. Ensign J. T. Bowers, on the Ranger,
and Ensign C. H. Woodward, on the Isla
de Luzon, have been ordered home Imme
diately, presumably with a view to utiliz
ing them as additional witnesses.
The judge advocate of the Schley court
-ot Inquiry has been trying for some time
past to discover the whereabouts of Gus
taf E. Claeson, who may be wanted as a
witness in the case. Claeson, it is said,
was the man. at the wheel on board the
Texas during the battle of Santiago. The
3
Deals with San Francisco « and Calif or-
nia as the greatest summer resort : in .the
world.. Finest illustrated magazine in the
West. . Send it East. Call at , information
bureau for it, or. send 10 cents to. the pas-
senger department ; of ,the ,Southern Pa-
cific Company," 4 Montgomery street,;. „
Have . You Read the Great Midsum-
mer Number of "Sunset" P
Store i closes Monday ==Labor Day=^Legal Holiday
TorMorrow Night
Ends Our Sale
Until then you can get suits,
overcoats kWd p^nts for much
less thjan you are used to paying
We have told you several times our reasons for making such extreme
reductions^ these goods. We have spoken of the inactivity in business and
the over-production of our workshops. These facts prompted the sale. The
sale has been a success-— we have materially reduced the stock. These facts
account for the closing of the sale. to-morrow night.
When you observe the^ values and know that every dollar counts, need we
urge you at all of the necessity of buying ? As a precautionary measure, how-
ever, we will say that the store closes at u o'clock.
Un l .il then you can get good, all-wool suits at $7*85 which were~$i2.;o
and $i£.oo, well-made top coats at 66.45 which were $10.00, durable trousers
at $1.85 which were $3.00. They are union-made clothes from our own
If you don't think that the clothes are worth their former prices (not
speaking of the present price) you can have your money back without a murmur
on our part. You effect a big saving without the slightest risk,
; Remember, the sale ends to-morrow night.
Suits Box Coats Pants
$7.85 $6.45 $1.85
An Unusual Sale of Youths' Suits
We want to familiarize parents of young men, and necessarily the young
men themselves, wi:h the extent of this feature of the department on the second
floor. We carry an immense-line in youths' clothing. What better way is there
to induce you to call than by making special prices for a short time?^;
The suits on special sale are light Odds and ends from various lines
colored, heavyweight tweeds in single in the children's department, compris-
and. double breasted sacks ;; the ages ing saiiors, vestees,. norfolks, Russian
are from 12 to 19; Jhe former selling blouses and two-piece suits which "sold
prices were $10.00, $1 2.^o and $1500; all- trie way from #4.00 to $8.00, are
the special price is being closed out at
$©•85 m>2«55
Boys' bosom-front shirt waists, $1.00 each. Boys' heavy natural wool underwear,
- Boys' fine midras shirts, $1.00 each. $I.UU a suit. ,
Our entire stock .of boys' \ straw hats, for^ Bo y s ' golf caps, extra value, 25c each.
merlV selling. from 75c to £2.00, is being closed Boys' extra heavy double-knee hosiery,
out at 45c each. ;/ ; 'SftOC a pair.
< : A glance at our -— "W j A I f± '-w^ .^-r^^ Out-of-town or-
windows will al- fVL%M/i II BE | t^ S g\ ders filled- write
ways prove inter- JwW^ |l || 0 /Vi §§ fl f « us for anything: in
esting, whether you \*" / vV M \~* ' nien's opboys' cloth-
need 'clothes, hats .^^•*^:? ¦ - * ' . ' '—^- ¦ \**-- ¦"¦ ing, furnishings or
or furnishings. 718 Market Street. hats -
TTe-w Steamships for China Trade.
NEW: YORK; 1 Aug. 29.— The Mail and
Express" tq-day says: .
"The Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pan^^aas decided - to build two immense
steamships for • the Pacific and China
trade of about the same size as those now
building at New London, Conn., for the
Great Northern Railway. ' They will be
of 28,000 tons, or with three times the ca-
pacity of an average ocean freighter.
KTjJ sician prescribes beer M*i|
Si§rt| for a patient it is j|p3
&£a Schlitz beer. A phy- fra|
Ppfl sician knows the val- fftjB
Lfjvl ue o£ purity. Pj~J
feffi Ask him how germs W&i
Kffil will tell you that few &™g
FTTj stomachs can digest r»}o
gijSiji at once that impure w^
f£+3 beer is unhealthful.
Bsi why we brew txJ
UKJ under such rigid pre- ljji]D
§&£§ touches it; why we |gyj
w53Jj If you knew what W)/l
a&M we know and what LXJ
pS^j yourphysician knows g^B
j/Ad about beer, you, too, jLag
Eggf would insist on Brv
FlI 'Phone Main U", Sherwood & Sher- BRoM
L/f\J wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco |>1-. Potatoes" are being exported- from this
country.' - Those : imported : are . known - to
the trade as "old- potatoes.". and are. to be
used almost: entirely by the large hotels
for making potato salad. ; ¦¦•;';.-
i SALT. LAKE,' Utah, Aug. ; 29.— Warrants
were sworn out this afternoon by officers
who havfe been conducting an investiga
tion'against the proprietors of nine drug
stores in this city, charging them -with'
selling. liQUor without a license. The most
prominent drug stores in the city/are in
volved. According to the statements of
the police, the drug store proprietors. have
allowed-. .their. ¦¦ liquor, .licenses to expire
•but' have -continued ' to: sell liquor at the
soda J fountains and behind the counter
without a physician's prescription.' '
Druggists Violate Liquor Law.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The false. roof
over the United States Supreme Court
room at the. Capitol, which had \- been
placed in position" in connection with, re
pairs to the building, fell In to-day, pre
cipitating three workmen .to the floor 30
feet below. The most serious 'injury sus
tained by. any of them i was. a' dislocated
arm. The-injured men are all colored;-"
A party of tourists, , who -. were .-being
shown - through .the Capitol had stepped
out of the courtroom-only a minute before
the accident occurred. •
Workmen Injured by Falling Roof.
-FRESNO, Aug. ' 29.— Justice! Tucker of
Selma .this : afternoon dismissed the bur
glary charge growing out. of the recent
raisin raid > in , that I town. The evidence
was. taken several .days ¦ ago and the ar*
gunient r was: completed to-day, r As; soon
as ' the ; argument Cwas- closed the court
ruled .that no case had been proven.
Raisin . Raid Incident Closed.
BRISTOL,' R. I.", Aug. 29.-With' every
detail put into the best trim possible and
her ¦ hull smooth and shining in a ¦ new*
coat of oil, the Constitution slid down th°
railway- into the water at 5:30 o'clock this
evening ready for the final tests, "which
will commence Saturday off Newport. It
was only a. few moments, afterward that
the tender Mount Morris took -her line
aboard .and -towed : her' slowly down the
bay for - Catport. When clear of the pier
the Constitution's topsail , which had • been
housed during th^ progress of repairs; was
sent aloft. . The crew, was confident that
the Constitution is in perfect condition
and all expressed the belief that she will
make a ? creditable showing • in ' the trial
races. .. : -' *' ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ; '.... : ' . ¦¦:: -
Constitution Is Ready for Tests.
2:15 class,' pacing. 1 $1200— Matin. Bells won
the second/third andfourth heats. Beat
time, 2:08%. - Terrace Queen won the first
heatin 2:09%. Cincha, The Hero, Shoddy,
Theron W, I. T. Washburn, The 'Grazer,
Belle Cannon, Frank Okum, Beauty Spot,
Alberta and Agnes Dematy also started.
-Free-for-all class, pace, three in five,
$2000 — Prince Alert won three . straight
heats. 'Best time. 2:03%. rAnaconda and
Connor also-started.
2:19" class,- trotting; three in five, $1200 —
Baron Belt won three straight heats. Best
time. 2:14. Sallie ~ Simpson, Re-elected,
Ononita, Gacty Girl and .Creosote • also
started. , . ... • , : . ;
PROVIDENCE, P.. I.'. Aug. 29.— Grand
Circuit summary:
Princa Alert "Wins.
The records of the Navy Department in
regard to these three men show: Frank
Schilz, landsman, resident of Chicago;
Timothy McCarty, coalpasser, resident of
New York;' George Perkins, resident of
New York City.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— The Navy De
partment to-day received a cablegram
from Captain Craig of the Albany, dated
Aden, announcing that Frank Schilz and
Timothy • McCarty, while sleeping on" the
poop deck of the Albany last Sunday
night, slid overboard during a heavy roll
of the vessel. Captain Craig's cablegram
said he remained in the locality' where
the accident occurred all Sunday night
and until after daylight Monday, but the
men we,re not again" seen and their bodies
could not.be recovered. •..¦¦- •
On the following Monday George Perkins
went overboard and was drowned. His
body was recovered and will be burled
ashore at Aden. ' .
Of . the thirty or forty horses that were,
taken out of the building, three had to
be shot, and several others are in the care
of veterinaries. The trotting horses'Mes
quite and Mettle Hwere among the ani
mals saved. L. de L. Ward, treasurer of
the Stockyards Company, saved his horse,
but the animal afterward became. tangled
up in. a live wire and was killed.
The officers of th3. Stockyards Company
are: W. H.' Rice, 'president; L. de L.
Ward, treasurer; J. F. Morgan, secre
tary; W.--S.' Withers, manager. . Stock in
the concern is all held in, the islands.
HONOLULU, Aug. 21.— A big fire, sup
posed to be incendiary, broke out in the
stables, and shops of the Stockyards Com
pany, on- South and King streets,, this
morning. As a result a number of people
had narrow, escapes from death -and sev
enty horses were cremated, while the
company's livery stable, carriage shop,
harness shop, paint shop and blacksmith
shop .were burned to the ground. A new
building to cost $20,000 was Hearing com
pletion, and it also -went up in smoke.
All told the loss will probably amount to
$100,000, while the insurance is only $34,000.
The fire was discovered at 1:45 o'clock
this morning. Joe Silva, the nightwatch
man and foreman, and two or three Chi
nese were on the premises. When 'they
gave the alarm the fire had gained a good
headway, and Silva had great difficulty
in getting his wife and children and sis
ter-in-law out of one of the rear houses.
Several other families of employes were
aroused by. stones being thrown through
the windows.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
The drop fell at 7:40. There was scarcely
a tremor of the body. At 7:59 ; O'Brien
was pronounced dead. A large crowd wit
nessed the execution, which taok'place on
a scaffold erected in front of the bar
racks. . ' ¦ <
Protesting his innocence to the * last,
0'Brie.n mounted the scaffold without a
tremor, and standing erect on the trap,
hurled anathema on the heads of those
who were instrumental in bringing about
his conviction. When asked to confess his
crime- he .stoutly maintained his inno
cence. ¦ , ; ,
SEATTLE. Wash., Aug. 29. . — The
steamer City, of Seattle,, arriving to-day
from Skaguay, brings news of'the,hang
ing at. Dawson on August 23 of George
O'Brien fcr the murder of Lynn Relf,
Fred . Clayson and Lineman Olsen . on
Christmas day, ,1809. * .
Two of Them Slide Off
Deck of the Albany
While Sleeping*.
Sensational Spectacle at
an Execution in
.Dawson. ,
Incendiaries at Honolulu
Cause Death *. of Sev
enty Animals.
HORSES BURNED
IN STABLE FIRE
outrigger skiff race, Thqrning of Alameda
and Sherry of the Olympic Club. Thorn
ing had things his own way to the stake,
•where he had. a lead of three lengths. In
rounding he exercised poor judgment and
Sherry secured a lead of four lengths on
CURSES MEN
FROM GALLOWS
The senior shell race between Patton
and Gloss, both of Portland, was won by
the latter. Time. 11:02)4. Gloss has here
tofore been a junior, and his performance
to-day was an excellent one.
There were two entries in the junior
THREE SAILORS
FALL OVERBOARD
To-morrow the senior barge champion
ship race will occur. The contesting
crews are the South Ends and Alamedas,
The latter now hold the championship.
To-night the queen was crowned with
roses at. the regatta ball. The ceremony
was of a most interesting character.
An unknown man was drowned on the
course to-day while swimming. He was
seized with cramps near the flagship and
sank before assistance could reach him.
The body has not been recovered.
Thornlng J s blunder. Sherry won by three
lengths. Time, 11:02. Two heats are yet
to be rowed and Thorning ia hopeful of
success.
OARSMEN WHO ARE TAKING A
PROMINENT PART IN ' THE AS
TORIA REGATTA. , . I
Charged With Felonious Assault
SANTA CLARA. Aug. 29.— J. W. Piper
of San Francisco ; waa arrested last Sat
urday and brought before Justice Hirsch
here on a charge of felonious assault. H e
furnished $2500 in cash as bail for his re
lease. His preliminary examination is
set for September 3. Attorneys Cobb and
Rea represent Piper.- .The '¦ prosecution is
represented by W. A. Bowden and W. P.
Veuve.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.-The Shamrock
was overhauled above deck to-day. The
running gear was replaced with heavier
manila, and the sheet blocks, were
changed for heavier ones. The sailmakers
were at work also removing one whole
cloth and a portion of another from the
mainsail along: the luff close to the tack
The spinnaker' pole which is to be used
to-morrow is estimated to measure 110
feet.- This is an immense boom, and with
in seven feet of the racer's main boom
, George 1. Watson, the designer of the
boat, to-day made preparations for dry
docking the Snamrock at the Erie basin
about September 12, and again between
.September 18 and 20. Sir Thomas Lipton
said to-day that he would leave here Sun
day night on the Erin for Newport. .
Overhauling the Shamrock.
R. H. E.
g oston 5 6 3
Brooklyn 16 3
Ba-.teries-TVmis and Kittredge; Kennedy.
Farrf-%1 an«J Ahcarn. Umpire— Xash. •
NE'.Y YORK. Aug. 25,-The visitors made the
T,ors! showing in the field, but managed to
-in^y 5 .uu in , ; Attendance.^, 0
If« York R 6 H 5 - E ;
Philadelphia..-. -. 7 13 \
Batteries— Taylor. Matthewson and Bower-
Dw"- : ToVl ' neend "9 d Jacklltsch. Umpire—
PITTSBURG. Aug. 23.— It was an even
fcreak to-day. Pittsburg losing the first game
through inability to hit Hughes, and wlnniii"
the se-^nd by finding Eason at the right time
and having the assistance of wild throw. h»
Rayrr.er and Chllds. Neither eamei ailde from
Hughes* excellent work, could be called bril
lifcnt. Attendance. 8)00. Scores: " ea . Dru
First game— •'-' . R. H E
Pittshurg 12 2
Chicago 4.7 i
Batteries— Dobeny and Yeager; Hughes and
Second game- r. h . e
PIttFburg ....2 s o
Chicago 1 6 B
Batteries— Chesbro and CTConnor: Eason and
Kahoe. Umpire— O'Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 2».— Cleveland .lost to
day's gamp tn the first three innings through
poor base running and sleepy playing. Toward I
the end of the game the Clevelands took a I
brace and batted Lee out of the box after
seventeen hits were made off him. Attendance
1400. Score:
. - . - R. H. E.
Cleveland "..-. 11 21 3
Washington : 13 16 2
Batteries— Bracken and Connor; Lee, Merc*r
. and Clarke.
DETROIT.. Aug. 29. — Boston was outplayed
In every branch of the fame to-day. Attend
ance. "103. Score:
R. H. E
Boston .' ." .3 7 5
J>ctroit „.„ ;..„ 5 _.10 . 0
Batteries— Winter and Crlger; Siever and Mc-
Allister.
Eesult of the Baseball Games on the
Diamonds of Both Eastern
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON, Aug. 29.-Both pitcher? were in
rood form to-day but the miserable support
plven Kennedy by the Brooklyn infield made
It on easy victory for the home team *.t
tfrflsnee 20W. Score:
PITTSBTJRG COTJLD WOT
UlfBAVEL HUGHES' CURVES
One hundred-yard 'race, amateurs— S.
Firmigan, K. Grundy, L. Lowenthal. E.
M.cClure.-B. Ferrill, H. Cross, J. Jackson,
C. Harnes, F. Neal.-E. Peters. H. Mitchell,
F. Irvingr. A. Hay, J. Schustro, F. Clay
ton. C. Crist. W. Boyle. E. Lynch. XV.
Fisher. J. Shrimp, G. Fremont, E. Wells,
D. Kerwin, R. Riding, M. Griswald, L.
Harper. E. Wolfe, J.- Stelljes, J. Bevins, J.
Ryan, C. Schultz,. J. Lioman. . . ¦
Tub race, three prizes, and high diving
for boys— Onen to all: • ! . - .
Trick and fancy spring-board diving—
F. Moody, E. Lynch. A. Martinez, J.
Bevins, R. Hall, W. Carmody. H. Wilson,
J. Sawyer. P. Leuis, T. McKillop, J. Mul
ler, J. Armacosy. W. Carroll, E. Wells; E
Bell, W. . Corman. W. Guine, E. Winfield,
H. Foweler, O. Schultz, I,. Grueman, H.
Fremont, C. Donovan, P. McDermid, E.
Wolfe, C. Schultz. H. Cross. O. Mizner,
J. Williams, J. Lillie, C. Schulte, G. Caul
field.
Fifty-yard dash, juvenile — C. Conners, L.
Spiro, M. Bailey, L. Cornell, W. Hensley,
E. Pentony, H. Braun, M. Jenkins, C.
Deboe, L. Ritter, W. Stone, C. Schreiber,
C. Manor, O. Head, D. Carl, A. Mann, C.
Burns, B. Elliott," S. Cavanaugh, L. Ber
ger, J. Milward, M. Bunker, J. Terry, L.
James. C. O'Leary, W. Adams, J; Erasmy,
G. Erasmy/ G. Anderson, M. Leornard, C.
Wryst, P. . Sunberg, C. Augustus, J. Lip
man. . ¦ - . -
Diving for plates, cpen to all— C. Mason,
J. Lillei, F. Baker, \V. Stockton, C. Dono
van, H. Pfuhl, L. Baudain, C. Simpson, F.
Cicugh, C. Sehultz, G. Caulfield, J. Mor
ris, R. Soli, H. Heine, C. MacCarthy, F.
Paine, 14. McKenzie, D. Chase, D. Sherry,
F. Berges. W. Bush. J. Williams, L. Brit
ten, L. Meyers, P. McDermid, J. Mackel,
J. Corss. L«. Summers, E. Woods, J. Low
enthal,- H. 1-eieken.
At Sutro Baths on Sunday the following
races will be run :
Swimming at Sutro Baths.
Runs responsible for— Hale 2. Stricklett 4.
Home runs— Atherton. Reilly. Two-bate hits—
Ptriokleit, Courtney. Sacrifice hit— Stanley.
First base on errors— Los Angeles 1, Sacra
mento 1. First bate on called balls— Off Hale
2. off Stricklett 5. Left on bases— Los Angeles
11, Pscramento 10. Struck cut— By Hale 3 by
Ftrlcklett 1. Hit by pitcher— Sheehan, Dev
ereaux. Ashenbach. Spies. Double play— Reitz
to Hutchinsoa to Kelly. Wild pitches—Strick
lett 2- Time of game-liES. Umpire— Hardie.
SUMMARY.
Lo« Ansreles 00100120*— 4
Base hits 20111120 •— 8
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 1 — 2
Base hits 0 0 10 13 0 2 3—10
Totals 32 2 10 1 24 11 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
P.eitz. 2b 5 0 0 0 2 5 0
Hutchinson, lb 3 0 10 9 10
Householder, c. f.... 5 1 112 l o
AthGrton r. f. 3 1 2 ¦ 0 0 1 0
BefUr. 3b-. 3 110 110
Bowman, I. f 4 0 3 0 2 0 0
Ke'.ly, s. e 4 10 0 5 2 1
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 6 10
Hale, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 33 4 8 1 27 " 14 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. «. e 3 0 0 14 3 1
Courtney. 2b 6 0 2 0 3 5 0
McLaughlin. 1. f 5.1 1 0 0 0 0
Doyle, r. f...~ 4 0 1 0 10 0
Fheehan, 3b 3 0 2 0 2 10
Ptanley. c 2 0 0 0 3 0 0
Ashenbach, lb 3 12 0 6 0 0
McGucken, c f 3 0 1 0 3 0 0
Stricklctt. p...., 4 0 1 0 2 2 1
LOS ANGELES.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 29.— Athertoh and
Reilly -each made a home run off Strick
lett's delivery to-day and Los Angeles
tools the game by a score of 4 to 2. There
was an absence of life in the game for
five Innings and both teams -played as
though they were dead on their feet.
During the rest of the game they gin
gered up a little, but the contest was mild
after last week's snappy play. Score:
Los Angeles Wins.
SUMMARY. ¦
Runs responsible for — Krug 1 3. Hodson 1.
Three-baee hit — Hildebrand. Two-base hits —
fchay 2, Babbitt, Lohman. Sacrifice hits—Wil
son, Reilly. First base on errors— San Fran
cisco 4. Oakland 1. First base on called balls—
Kin Francisco 3, Oakland 7. Left on bases —
gaa Francisco 7, Oakland 10. Struck out— By
Johnson 2, by Krug 2. Hit by pitcher — Krug.
Double TDlays— Arrellanes to Francks; Francks
to ArrelUnes to Streib. Passed ball— Wilson.
Ba!k— By Kruir. Time of game— 1 hour and 60
minutes. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer— Mc-
I arlin.
San Francisco 2 30000100—6
Base hits .¦ 1 3 110-111 1—10
Oakland 0 10000020—3
Base hits 2 10000111—6
Totals i S2 3 6 0 27 17 6
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drfnnsn, c. f 5 0 0 0 2 0 0
Fra:icks. ss 4 0 2 0 2 6 2
Ftreib. Ib 3 0 0 a 9 0 0
Ka*ran. 2b 4 110 2 3 1
Dur.leavy, 1. t 2 10 0 4 0 1
Arrellar.tf?. 2b 3 1 0 .0 4 2-0
BibUtt. r. f 3 0 10 2 0 1
Lohmao, c 3 0 2 0 2 3 1
HodKOn, f> 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Johtison, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Trials S5 6 10 3 27 15 1
OAKLAND.
SAN FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, lb 4 10 0 10 0 0
Brjcktcff, c. r 4 110 2 0 0
Wilson, c 4 13 2 4 2 0
Schwartz, 2b........: I --« 0 14 1 0
Pabrt, r. f 5 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hildebrtnd, 1. f 2 110 0 0 0
Fhay, ee 4 0 3 0 X 5 1
Krug, p 3 110 0 3 0
Heilly, Zb 3 110 2 4 0
. The Dudes came to a sudden halt along
the line of victory when they ran against
the Wasp? yesterday afternoon at Recre
ation Grounds. Then they lost a game
before it had really got under, way and
riow Cal Ewing Is betting cigars on- an
oven break for the rest of the series. The
match was noteworthy on account of the
appearance of Shay at short and Heine
rich Krug on the slab. Pabst, with a
gloved right fist, played the Cerberus of
the right garden, Xordyke doing stunts
with the first sack. . ¦ . .
The common opinion after the game was
that Sha.y had made good all that the
bormers had represented. He hit well
and despite his single error played a fast,
snappy fielding game. Krug until the last
part of the contest was an enigma to the
Dudes. He has a swift, speedy ball, but
is a corkscrew or two shy of curves.
Krug needs a simmering down and a les
son or two on the evils of wlldness.
In the first part of the game Francks
glowed with errors as Hodson did with a
soakable delivery. Youngey Johnson was
called in as a relief and he. kept the
"Wasps? from too much buzzing until tho
end. The score:
Saa Francisco 6, Oakland 3.
The first round brought Florence Sutton
and Alice Hoffman together, and while
the former was expected to win. Miss
Hoffman was thought to have a chance.
Miss Sutton played a beautiful game, and
at no stage of the game . was
the result in doubt, as Miss Hoff
man was unable to get a game
in either Bet. The score in tavor
of Miss Sutton was 6—0, 6—0. This is a
much worse deating than Marion Jones
gave Miss Hoffman, and makes Miss Sut
ton's chances of winning the tournament
look very bright. In justice to Miss Hoff
man it should te said that she was very
nervous and did not play her best game.
Miss Sutton was cool at all times, and her
headwork was admirable. She passed her
opponent at will.
Miss Ethel Sutton next played Miss Sey
mour, whom she defeated rather easily.
The score in favor of the former was
6-0, 6-2.
Mrs. Seymour was expected to beat Mrs.
Kincaid without an effort, but to the sur
prise of evervbody the local lady won a
set quite easily after losing the first set,
6—0. The complete score in favor of Mrs.
Seymour was 6— 0. 1—6, 6—3. Mrs. Kincaid
was greatly handicapped by a lack of
tournament experience, this being only
the second tournament in which she had
ever played. She was extremely nervous
throughout the match, and would un
doubtedly have done better but for this.
Ethel Sutton has all along been con
sidered the poorest player of the four
sisters, but her, match with Mrs. Seymour
showed that she is very little behind her
sisters in point of skill. Mrs. Seymour"
played her best, but was beaten 6 — 1, 6 — 3.
Miss Sutton's smashing to the deep cor
ners of the court was particularly good.
The last match of the day was between
May Sutton and Ruby Garland .of Ojai
Valley. In spite of the fact that ! Miss
Sutton won by the' one-sided score of
6—1, 6—1, the match was very close and
exciting. Many * deuce, vantage games
were played, biit Mies Sutton won nearly
all of them by her clever driving and
smashing. At times Miss Garland played
a brilliant game, but her opponent was
much too steady for her.
Colonel Seymour offered prizes this af
ternoon for a special doubles match be
tween May and Ethel and Violet and
Florence Sutton. After a close match,
which required the full three sets. Violet
and Florence finally carried off the hon
t>rs, the score in their favor being 7—5,
2—6, 6—1.
This morning's match between May and
Florence Sutton will surely be the best
of the tournament, and although the for
mer is expected to win, the chances of
Florence are considered very good. She
is probably not as brilliant as May, and
lacks her speed, but she is far superior
to the latter in headwork. Florence is
very steady and plays a great get-back
game, which counts very much in a tour
nament - match. The semi-final match
will be played at 10:30 and the finals at
2:30 p. m. The championship match, in
which the winner of the tournament will
meet Miss Hall, the present coast cham
pion, will be played Saturday afternoon
at 2:30 o'clock.
The first match played yesterday, in
which May Sutton was opposed to Violet,
was expected to be the closest kind of a
struggle, but the former caused a genuine
surprise by making the match a runaway
affair. The score in favor of May was
6—2, 6— L The winner played brilliant ten
nis, but Violet was a trifle nervous and
hardly at her best. Many of the games
were very close and the match was more
keenly contested than the score indicates,
In this match May played by far the best
game she has put up since her arrival
at San Rafael. . Violet is very.j»uch
stronger in doubles than in singles.
In the other match of the preliminary
round, Miss Seymour of Southern Califor
nia defeated Mrs. Haslett of Alameda,
the score being 7—5, 7—5. The contestants
were very evenly matched and the out
come was in doubt until the last point
was made. Mrs. Haslett made a much
better showing than was expected, and
but for a lack of practice might have
won.
May and Florence carried oft the hon
ors yesterday. The former showed by
her play that singles are more to her
Jiking than either doubles or mixed dou
bles, while Florence seems to play equally
well in all three.
As a result of the first day's play of
the women's singles tournament for the
championship of the coast, but three wo
men are left to contend for first honors,
and they are all Suttons. Ethel Button
won her semi-final match and is therefore
sure of playing in the finals this after
noon, while May and. Florence will play
this morning to determine who will be
Ethel's opponent in the finals.
Wasps Move Upward While
Oakland Goes Down
a Bung.
Finals in Tennis Champion
ships to Be Determined
To-Day.
Shay of Denver, Is a
Hitter and a Fast
l\ Fielder.
Will Divide First Prizes
of Coast Tourna
• - ¦ ¦ '
: ment.
KRUG PITCHES
AND HANK WINS
SUTTON GIRLS
WIN ALL HONORS
CALIFORN I ANS IN CONTEST AT THE ASTORIA REGATTA
SAN JOSE, Aug. 20.— In the cases of
Russo. Crawford, Masseni and Blass, the
persons charged with committing perjury
at the. trial of Look Kee for the murder
of Lee Wing, Judge Hyland to-day dis
missed the unverified complaints, holding
that f erifled complaints are necessary be
fore the defendants can be held.
Judge Dismisses the Complaints.
VALLEJO, Aug. 20.— Spencer Scott com
mitted suicide to-day. He came here about
three years ago on the transport Scindia.
Last night he took a large dose of mor
phine. He was a native of Kansas and
27 years old. At the autopsy an Injury to
the dead man's skull was discovered. This
may have affected his mind and prompted
suicide. •
_.. .-. * . ' _ i . • - - *
Kills Himself With Morphine.
MERCED, Aug. 29.— The suicide of a
woman and the drowning of an unknown
man made work for a Coroner's jury to
day. The woman was known as Ruby
"Wood and was about 30 years old. A
friend had become tired of her and she
carried out a threat made some time pre
vious by poisoning herself. She waa said
to have relatives in San Francisco. Her
sister committed suicide at Angels Camp
a few years ago. The drowned man was
a paperhanger. His death was accidental.
Suicide and a Drowning*.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 2).— Last Monday
a telegram from Tacoma, "Wash., an
nounced that William Gates; the Dawson
miner, known as "Swiftwater Bill," had
eloped with his niece, Miss-Adelina Boyle,
whose age was given as 14.
The girl la the stepdaughter of Philip
Bardon, until recently a newspaper ad
vertising solicitor in this city. The young
woman Is now visiting with a friend In
Sacramento. To an acquaintance she said
to-day that she had not eloped with Gate3
and that she is not married to him.
Bid Not Elope "With' Gates.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 29.— A telegram
was received at Santa Fe headquarters
to-day from Chicago announcing the is
suance of a circular concerning the re
organization of the Santa Fe and Grand
Canyon Railroad, which extends from
Williams, Arizona, to the rim of the
Grand Canyon of the Colorado. The road
recently became financially embarrassed,
and a few days ago was sold at Flagstaff
for $150,000. A committee composed of E.
D. Kenna, vice president of the Santa Fe
system, and Byron. L. Smith and James
H. Eckels of Chicago, acting for the
bondholders, bid the road in. It is now
to be reorganized as the Grand Canyon
Railway, and will be operated as a branch
of the Santa Fe.
Railroad to Be Reorganized.
The demand for potatoes, onions -and
cabbage throughout the Middle States is
large, owing to the drought, and hundreds
of carloads will be sent there from Stock
ton this year. Local 'dealers are paying
from $1 50 to $1 60 a hundred for tubers on
the river bank. The shipment to-morrow,
which is the largest single consignment
of potatoes ever sent out of the State,
cost over $15,000.
I*eave Stockton.
STOCK-fbN, Aug. 20.— A special train of
about forty carloads of potatoes will be
hauled out of this city to-morrow morn
ing for the Middle and Southern States,
while some of the shipment ¦ will go as
far east as Indiana. The potatoes are
raised on the islands west of this city and
towed here on barges, from which they
are transferred to cars. . . . .
Sent Out of the State Will
Largest Single Consignment Ever
CABLOADS OP POTATOES
ORDERED BY THE EAST
Marshal Shine sought the assistance of
Chief of; Police Sullivan and plans wero
arranged for carrying out his idea. To
day eight police officers were stationed at
four houses in Chinatown where it waa
supposed slave girls were located and four
arrests were made. Two were young wo
men named Lum Chow Flng and Chow
Gum. The others were men said to be
the owners of the women. They gave the
names of Fong Yu and Goon Dick. None
could show the necessary papers and they
were taken hy the Federal officers to
San Francisco on the afternoon train.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2^,-United States
Marshal J. H. Shine, accompanied by a
deputy and Interpreter Gardner, arrived
here last night for the purpose of arrest
ing and taking to San Francisco for de
portation such Chinese as were in the city
without the necessary papers showing
their right to remain here.
on the Orientals in Sacra
mento.
United States Marshal Makes a Raid
GOVERNMENT OFFICER
ABBFJSTS FOTJB CHINESE
Several names were mentioned before
that of Kitchen was proposed. Eddie
Graney waa found agreeable to both par
ties, but when he was consulted it waa
found that he had made several bets, and
under the circumstances would not ac
cept the position. • Graney canceled two
of his bets, but the third could not be
erased from the slate because the stake
holder could not be found. After Graney
came Kitchen.
Both principals are in good condition
and will easily come within weight, 1S5
pounds. They will weigh in to-morrow
afternoon at Corbett's.
The advance sale has been a good one
up to date and there is every promise of
a good | sized crowd being in attendance
when the men step inside the ropes for
their second fight. . . •
Before the National Sporting Club 4t
the Mechanics' Pavilion this evening Kid
Carter and George Gardner will flght for
superiority and Jack Kitchen will referee
the contest. At a meeting in Harry Cor
bett's yesterday afternoon the question of
referee came up and was decided without
much ado, although some slight delay oc
curred before a final settlement was
reached.
Neither Man Will Find Any
Difficulty in x Reaching
Weight.
Carter and Gardner Are
> Ready to Step Into
the Ring.
JAGK KITCHEN
WILL REFEREE
ROSES CROWN A FAIR QUEEN
ON ASTORIA'S FESTIVAL NIGHT
Brilliant Scenes During Day and Evening at the Regatta
Celebration in'the Oregon Cityv :
WOODLAND FAIR
DRAWS CROWDS
Much Interest Displayed
in the Stock Ex
hibits.
Sir Albert Outclasses His
Competitors and Wins
Easily.
"WOODLAND, Aug. 29.— Interest in the
fair is increasing, for the attendance to
day was the largest ever seen at the
track. Nearly all business in town was sus
pended and the Woodland people turned
out en masse. The stock parade in the
morning was even better that that of
Tuesday. Stockmen of State reputation
pronounced it the best of any district
fair. The racing, however, was not as
interesting ' as on previous days. The
horses entered were high class, but not
evenly matched.
Sir Albert so far outclassed all others
in the 2:15 pace that he was barred In
the pools. Ned" Thorn won. his race with,
perfect ease. In running: the five eighths
of a mile, Catherine Bravo was left at
the post. In the mile Boardman was left
at. the post, but the race was close and
exciting. On Friday morning there will
be another bronco busting exhibition, at
which time the winners will be an
nounced. The feature of the racing card
will be a free for all pace, in which Kelly
Briggs, Delphi, Myota, Whips, Edna R
and Floracita are entered; a trot for the
2:80 class and two running races are also
on the card. The directors have aranged
to run an excursion from Oroville and
Marysville on Saturday. The card for
that day is an excellent one, and a big
crowd is expected from Sacramento on
account of the interest In the district
road race. Ho Yow's mare, Chinese Maid,
will start in the 2:30 pace with horses that
can go a 2:10 gait. Another feature will
be an automobile race. Summary:
Facing, 2:15, D class, purse $500.
Sir Albert S 1 11
Margaretta 6 2 3
Banker's Daughter 2 3 6
Our Boy's Sister .4 6 5
Gaff Topsail .........3.6 4
Dock Wilkes 5 7 2
Nellie I • .7 4 7
Time-Z:lltt. • 2:10%. 2:11%. /
Trotting, 2:13 class, purse $500. '
Ned Thorn 1 1 1
Dan W 2 2 2
Alba Vela 3 3 3
Boydeil 4 < 1
Time— 2:14, 2:15%, 2:15.
l Running, five-eighths of a. mile, purse $100 —
Lou Clievden first, Galene second. Gold Baron
third. Time, 1:02. San Augustine also ran.
Running, mile dash, purse $125— David S
first, Mike Rice second. Frank Woods third.
Time, 1:42. Morelia, Sea Spray and Pilot also
ran. : ¦
PURSE WINNERS ON
EASTERN RACE COURSES
Results of a Tray's Work in the Sad
dle on Six Tracks. *
SARATOGA, N. Y., Aug. 29.— Results:
First race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Speedmas won, Asqulth second, Althea third.
Time, 1:47 3-5. '
Second race, handicap, five and a half fur
longs—Utopian won. Tribes Hill second, Belles
Commoner third. Time. 1:07 3-5.
Third race, the Saranac, $5000 added, mile and
an eighth— Dublin won, Baron Pepper second,
Chuctanunda third. Time, 1:53 3-5. . ',
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling— Frivol
won Rose Court second, Fontenlx third. Time,
1:01 4-5.
Fifth race, handicap, one mile and seventy
yards— First "Whip won, Ben MacDhui second,
Agnes D third. Time, 1:44 4-5. •
: ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 29.— Delmar Park re
sults: _ . - - ¦-;. . '- - -•
First race, five and , a half furlongs — Aleda
won,- Crozier second, Halmis ) third. Time,
1:0114.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Aurora won. Ignis second. Satin Coat
third. Time, 1:47.
Third race, six furlongs— Huntressa won. Miss
Gollghtly second. Revoke third. Time, 1:14%.
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling—Wissen
dine won. Rose of Red second, Attele third.
Time. 1:02^4-
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, selling—
Zazel won. Hardly second, Orris third. Time,
1:55%. ¦ ¦
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Four Leaf C won, Belle Simpson second, The
Wag third. Time, 1:22%.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 29.— Kinloch Park summary:
First race, one mile and an eighth, selling-
Joe Collins won. Papa Harry second, Golden
Sceptre third. Time, 1:58.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Hop Scoth won. Flueron second. Cap Galnes
third. Time, 1:22^.
Third race, six furlongs, purse— Lord i Quex
won. Little Scout second, Breton third. Time,
1:14%.
Fourth, race, one mile and twenty yards, sell-
Ing—Chorus Boy won, Muskalonge second. Lit
tle I-ois third. Time, 1:45. '
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling— The Four
Hundred won, Parnassus second, Queen "W
third. Time, 1:01.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— Hawthorne results:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Landseer won. Huzzah second, Lucky Locket
third. Time. 1:21%.
Second race, seven furlongs— Federal won. Li
vadia second. King Dellis third. Time. 1:26%.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Cor
rillo won, Lord Farandale second,- Maclaren
third. Time, 2:55.
Fourth race. Midsummer f take, six furlongs—
Nellie "Waddell won, Rosewar second. South
Trimble third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, selling —
Argregor won, Jiminez second, Haviland third.
Time. 1:53%. •
Sixth race, one mile and a. sixteenth, selling-
Admonition won, Whitfleld second. Prairie
Dog third. Time, J:47%.
BUTTE, Mont,, Aug:. 29,— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Legato won, Glriy
Ducal second,' Undergrowth third. Time, 1:15>*.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Mission
won, Jim Brownell second, Immodel third
Time, 1:C9. '.
Third race, flv# and a half furlongs— Shell
Mount won, Dandy second, Huachuca third
Tlm*vl:C3. ¦ . . .
. Fourth race, Daly Memorial cup. two miles—
Tom Calvert won, Stromo second. Burdock
third. Time, 3:SS. - ;
Fifth race, one mile— Sylvan Lass won, Spike
second. Kenova third. Time. VAlhi.
Sixth race. one. mile and a sixteenth— Ice won,
Mont Eagle second, Justus Goebel third. - Time*
1:50. ¦ ¦ • . . .
Seventh race, one mile and a sixteenth— Frank
Duffy won. Linden Ella second, The Buffoon
third. Time, 1:504. -\-
FORT ERIE. Ontario. Aug. M.— Results:
First race^ six furlongs, selling— Badge Bell
won. Icon second, Delia Cee third. Time
1:15V*.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, selling
—Patrick won, Moderator second, Frank Becker
third. Time, :56.
Third ' race, one mile— All Saints won. Dr
Fannie second, Eau Claire third. Time, l:4iu"
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs, eelltnz
— Halmetta won, Abbey Dell second, Vlviani
third. Time, :56.
Fifth race. ( seven f ur Ion jrs— Badinage won.
Lady Ezell second. Quaver third. Time, 1:28H-
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling
Racebud won, Myrtle Van second. Competitor
third. Time, 1:08.
.THE;, SA!N" ; FRANCISCO^ CAI/Li,; FRIDAY^ : ; AUGUST 30.,; 1901.
ASTORIA, Or., Ausr..29.— The, eighth
annual regatta opened this morn
ing. The weather was all that
could have been desired and an
enormous crowd was ' in attend
ance: The number of visitors la estimated
at 20,000. The opening ceremonies were
preceded by a monster street, parade, In
which Miss Ivy B. Barker of Portland,
queen of the carnival, was the central
figure. . . ¦ '.. ¦ ¦
The first event was the four-oared
barge race, "the contesting crews being
the South Ends and Olympics. The course
was one and one-half miles with a turn.
The Olympics took the lead at the start,
and rowing a thirty-eight stroke were
well ahead at the stake. ¦ Coming home
the boats had to buok a strong current,
and the strength of the South Ends told
plainly. Shortly after the stake was
rounded the South Ends took the lead and
held it to the. finish, having a lead of five
lengths. They rowed an ¦¦ easy race
throughout while the Olympics were In
distress on the homestretch. Time, 1:52.
4
fi' f^ri'r* C US " ' eSS OU Can k uv a
fjgf jT/ \ XvJCJrli/Y"! IINVj OXivJ 1 1jU.N
llflllilfl WINCHESTER^TOBAMlSCft, &££¦»?FAVORS DIRECT
LINE TO MANILA
D. M. Carman Gives His
Views Before Local
Merchanta
D. M. Carman, a well-known merchant,
who recently returned from the Philippine
Islands, conferred with a committee of
the Board of Trade last Monday and In
cidentally gave his views on the value of
direct communication between this porty
and Manila.
Mr. Carman delivered an interesting
talk to the committee, in which he ex
pressed the hope that if there was to ba
a direct line between this country and the
islands San Francisco would have the
first line. He said it would be a great
saving to merchants, as it would avoid a
transhipment of cargoes at Hongkong. In
part he said:
"I should say roughly almost everything
that is used here except heavy clothing
could go to Manila. Nearly everything
you use is used there. The provisions
that come in. now come largely from
Spain. There la no reason why they
should not come from here that X
can see. For instance, canned and dried,
fruits, of which they use large quantities,
come from Spain, and of which very
little comes from America at • present.
They get most of their meat from Aus
tralia. . In regard to canned goods, a good
deal of that stuff comes from Australia.
There have been heavy purchases made in
Australia of canned goods and of every
thing we find in Manila.
"In regard to passenger traffic, it is not
sufficiently heavy at the present time to
make it of importance. I have heard of
passengers complaining when coming
from Australia via Honolulu on the way
to the United States, .England and else
where, that when they arrived at Hono
lulu they had to submit to detention o*
half. a day, and the quarantine officer
there tried to do more than, his duty, and
made his examination as obnoxious as he
possibly could.- After submitting to that
examination they went from one Ameri
can port to another, and the United tSatea
quarantine officer here compelled them to
submit to the same examination • again.
They were detained from 9 o'clock in the
morning until 5 o'clock in the evening: on
account of the quarantine officers' exam
ination, superintended by one of the depu
ties of our friend Kinyoun. The passen
gers were pronounced in their determina
tion not to take that route again, but to
go from Australia to Victoria.
"In regard to the harbor, improvements
at Manila. A year's work on the harbor
would allow the deepest ocean-going ves
sels in there, and they would be fairly
well sheltered. When our harbor is com
pleted it will be very much better than
Hongkong 1 . It is equally as good now for
three or four, possibly five, months-iu the
year. We have a cold storage plant that
cost $1,500,000. It is one of the finest Iti
the world. .It la a Government plant, but
when I came away they were willing to
allow others to use the plant. The army
cannot use anything: like the space they
have there. It 13 four stories hijrh and,
roughly speaking. I should say it was
250 feet front and 400 feet deep. Poisibiy
it ia larser than that."
Colma Gardener Injured
Edward O'Malley. a gardener, residing
at" Colma. ¦ was brought to the City and
County -Hospital from the Stx-mlle: House
ytsterday suffering from contusions on
the head and face.. He fell asleep on'hls
wcgon and fell, off when the front wheels
struck a rut in the road.
- Now Is the time ; to visit Lake Tahoe.
Friday ¦ to Tuesday tickets' via Southern
Pacific $10.80; ten days $13.80. ' The scenery
Is now at its best. \
Larsen, proprietor of the Pioneer sa
loon, appeared before Warrant and Bond
Clerk Peery last evening and asked for
warrants for the arrest of Police Officers
E. C. Daltbn and Joseph F. Lycett. one
of whom struck him with a club and the
other tore his clothes. Judge Cabaniss
refused, to issue the warrants until after
he had an opportunity to investigate the
complaint. - ¦ .
Three other men were treated at the
Harbor Hospital for injuries received in
the affray. They were John Nisbeck of
249 Steuart street, Martin Jensen of 250
East street and Henry Way of 19 Steuart
street. Many others were, injured, but
they dfd not go to the Harbor Hospital
to have their wounds dressed. . .
In such close quarters the work of the
police was telling-. Man after man, after
receiving a whack on the head, darted
for the nearest .exit and the place was
soon cleared. Walter Larsen, proprietor
of the saloon, put himself in the way of
the police and got several blows on the
head, and John Tibboel, who stood upon
his dignity and dared the officers to touch
him. received a blow on the back. , ¦¦¦¦
Broken Heads at Hospital.
The crowd had grown to such' numbers
that the street was blockaded. Several
other teams that could not get -through
the crowd stopped on Folsom street and
the mounted olncers escorting their driv
ers left them and .went to the assistance
of the policeman surrounded by the. mob.
With drawn clubs they rode into the
crowd, and for a timo it seemed that the
riot was over. But the men were stub
born, and many of them on the outskirts
of the crowd commenced' throwing bricks
from a pile near a building ¦ in , course of
construction on Steuart street.
Sergeant Cook anu every officer on duty
in the district, came running ..up and
charged into" the crowd. The long-'- riot
clubs fell time and again on the heads
of the strikers, but the attack seemed to
have little effect. . . , '.:-
A number of police officers charged
the mob from the rear and with good ef
fect, for the angry men ran to escape the
clubs. Those who were in front felt the
crowd behind them weakening and they
also commenced to seek shelter from the
rain of blows coming from the bluecoats.
So fiercely- were they pressed hy the offi
cers that 'they were compelled to run into
buildings in the neighborhood.
Fully llfty*of them ran into the Pioneer
saloon. The officers were close behind
them, but the door was slammed In their
faces by the proprietor, who deliberately
shook his fists at the officers as they
turned and continued driving the rest of
the crowd away. The crowd in the saloon,
safe, as it thought, from any further
clubbing, commenced to yell and jeer the
officers . and kept it up until the police
forced the doors and attacked them once
more.
Mob Blockades Street
The row was started by "the breaking
down of a truck in front of the Pioneer
Saloon and Hotel at .249 Steuart street.
Fully a hundred union men were con
gregated in front of the hotel. The
crowd started hooting the driver and
jeering at his efforts to get his team
started. The yells attracted every idle
man on' the street to the scene, and in a
short time the crowd had grown to mam
moth proportions. The mounted officer
who was escorting the driver tried to
drive the crowd uack, but they surged
all about him and his efforts were fruit
less. -.:.:; • :<"
The strikers ran. into a saloon in the
neighborhood to escape ¦' from the police,
and the proprietor of the place closed
his doors to shut out the officers. The
strikers continued their hooting and yell
ing from the saloon, and the officers
burst open the doors and went in after
them. They, drove them out at the rear
of the saloon.' In the course of the me
lee the proprietor of the -place j was
clubbed. . ; ' . ¦ ¦;.
v terday afternoon at the corner of
Steuart and Folsom I streets, and for a
time It looked as If the rlotlnur of
Wednesday would be repeated. The union
men were In an angry mood and ! resist
ed the attempts of the police to disperse
them, and the mob was scattered only
'after the officers had severely clubbed a
dozen or more.- •¦¦-.'¦:
• / Several of the officers were struck by
bricks hurled by the strikers, many "of
whom climbed to the tops of piles of
lumber In the neighborhood and sought
by throwing stones, to aid the strikers
who were struggling with - the police on
the sidewalk.- . • - '
A FIERCE fight between the police
officers on duty on the water
.front and r about three hun
dred union men occurred ye.s-
TERMS SUBMITTED BY THE DRAYMEN.
TyTy r^ wM employ all of our old drivers that ike can, and they may conic back to zvork as union men. ' .
yy We iL'illnot ask you to drop your membership with your union, but will not alloiv the union to interfere with our busi-
You must obey all lawful orders given you by the firm you are working for.
You must not intimidate or interfere in any way with our non-union drivers that zve may retain in our service or employ in the
future. . ' - ;.iV"- '' : ¦'"
The wages will be the same as before the strike, except Sundays and holiday work; drivers taking their teams out any' portion
of said days up to 12 o'clock shall receive a regular day's pay; a rivers kept outlctcr than 12 o'clock or- all day shall bepaid time and a
half. ' • - - ; ' •- '],] • : ''.%',.'
All drivers to come to stable Sunday morning and take proper care of horses, harness and wagons; . need not return in the, after
noon to help feed stock. ' " \ . / ; ;- . . " '' .*?• wv^ /
Drivers to come to stable zveckday mornings in proper time to hitch up team at 6:15 if required.
truxt teams as early as heretofore. - ¦
Overtime same as heretofore, and charges to be turned in to proprietor or foreman of the firm. ' ;
TEAMSTERS REJECT TERMS SUBMITTED
BY INDIVIDUAL DRAYMEN ON GROUND
THAT PROPOSITION IS UNAUTHORISED
To Lecture,oh Strike Problem.
Juuiie RJU. Mllitz of L Chicago, formerly
According to the police, the strikers
were impartial in their attacks upon col
ored men for the remainder of the even
ing'- -
It seems that the colored workmen havo
been In the' habit of donning their very
best clothes for the trip to and
from work. While on the street they
have posed as gentlemen of leisure. The
fashionable garb was exchanged for blue
shirt and overalls ' at the workshop or
wharf and doffed for good clothes at
quitting time. . ' '
The strikers have been puzzling for
some time over the mystery of the ab
sence of colored laborers from the ranks
of non-union men going and returning
from work. They solved the problem yes
terday and spent last night in making up
for lost time.
By this time the police had been noti
fied and before the union delegation thor
oughly realized that their "coon" hunt
had fizzled out Policeman Fraher, with a
dozen of his brothers in blue, was dis
persing the mob.
Then a committee- was appointed to
search the kitchen. They found nothing
but the tracks which told them how the
bird had flown.
Meanwhile the mob crowded into the
restaurant. They demanded the "nig
ger." The proprietor protested. They
threatened. The proprietor went to the
kitchen, but returned, saying-, "No nigger
there." '
He succeeded in clearing a starting
space. With a howling mob at his heels
and cries of "lynch the nigger scab" in
his ears, he sprinted up Mission street to
Third. Turning to the left he rushed In
at the open door of a restaurant and
without a word of explanation or apology
dashed into the kitchen, out into the
back yard, over a fence, through the back
door of a house facing on Mission street
and then, through the kindness of the
tenant, to Mission by way of the front
door. Then he, too, disappeared.
They lingered on the water front for an
hour after the 6 o'clock whistle had an
nounced the end of the working day.
They wanted the, gang to get tired and
disperse. But they waited in vain. They
finally "boarded a Mission-street car and
all went well until Second street was
reached. The gang was there. The at
tacking party piled on to the car and
just as expeditiously the colored laborers
piled off. They were eight strong. Six of
them formed a wedge, broke through the
enemy's ranks and disappeared into the
night. The seventh had scented danger
early In the game and effected an inde
pendent retreat. No. 8, cut off from his'
friends, hemmed in by the union delega
tion now doubly incensed owing to the
escape of the seven, started to fight his
way to freedom.
The colored laborers are engaged along
the .water front. For their mutual pro
tection they all live together in a lodging
house on Second street, between Mission
and Howard. They have been in the habit
of going to work in a body and returning
at the end of the day in similar forma
tion. They received information yester
day to the effect that a gang of strikers
had been organized for the purpose of
"doing them up" on their return from,
work.
A prompt and proper discretion, the
ability to sprint expeditiously and a turn
for strategy last night saved a party of
colored non-union laborers from a "doing
up" at the hands of a delegation of strik
ers.
Skin by Strategy.
Eight Colored Laborers Save Their
OUTWIT FIGHTING STRIKEKS.
fer. with an oath, whipped out a re
rolver and fired five shots at the watch-'
tuuu
Fortunately for Hoffman, the bullets
rent wide of their mark. Immediately'
Thomas Morgan, a union fireman, was
r-hot in the shoulder last night by Alex
Xambof. a non-union man of the same
occupation. The shooting occurred on the
Ercadwsy deck shortly after 6 o'clock.
Nambos is employed on the steamer
Santa Cruz. He says he started up the
dock on the way to his home, when a
number of union men approached
him. After a short argument the mob
crowded around and commenced to use
their fists freely, knocking him down and
bruising his head. Believing his life to
be in danger, the fireman then drew his
revolver and fired four shots. One of the
bullets struck Morgan in the shoulder
and the remainder of the mob quickly
disappeared.
Morgan W2« taken to the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital and was later trans
ierrea to the city Hall. He claims that
a number oi striKers stopped IsamDos ana
simpiy asKed him his business. They
maae no display cf violence and strucK
no blows. A\ itnout warning, he says, tne
non-union man opened fire. Nambos -was
charged v.-ith assault to commit murtier
at me Harbor police station.
Louis Latto, a non-union teamster liv
ing at 17s Vandewatcr street, was yester
oay pulled off his wagon at Mission and
fct« ua.it streets by strikers and badly
beaten. He was taker* to the Harbor Ue
feiving Hospital and later removed to
the Central Hospital. His injuries are
f-e^ious. i-iis race was beaten to a jelly,
•arid the doctors Tear his skull is fractureU.
tamuel Rodgcrs, a laborer residing at
li's^z Fourteenth street, Oakland, was
yesterday pulied off a Bryant-street car
Ft Second street by a lot of strikers
VXJ& rougniy bandied. A companion of
ticKlgers jumped off the car and escaped.
The men hac been working at the Pacific
Mail deck. Their assailants were strik
ing longshoremen and sailors, and two of
Ui~m. John Valentine and Angel Marcia,
vre:e arrested by Sergeant Wolf, who ap
peared cn the scene in time to catch the
men. but too late to save Rodgers from
serious injury. His face, which was badly
lacerated, was Pressed at' the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital.
Barnes Thrasher, a non-union teamster,
had a narrow escape from being mobbed
b;> a crowd of strikers at Mission and
pteuart streets late yesterday afternoon.
Thrasher was driving along Steuart
street, accompanied by Mounted Officer
Lycette. when he discovered that the nut
Oi one of the wheels had been removed.
As the stable of his employers was only
* short distance away Thrasher asked the
policeaian to notify the foreman of what
sad happened. Scarcely had the officer
left him when a crowd of about twenty
Btnkers attacked Thrasher and dragged
pim from his s*;at on the truck. The
teamster's cries for help attracted the at
tention of Lycette and he lost no time in
foir.g to his rescue. He soon dispersed
!bc- crov.-d. but not until he received an
fsiy cut over the eye by a stone hurled
Jyone of the strikers.
Thrasher was badly bruised about the
Sody. the result of being kicked by his
Lssailanls. He believes that he would
Save been killed had not it been for the
imely arrival of the Doliceman.
A determined attempt was made early
'estei day morning to kill Adolph Hoff
nan, a watchman employed by • Healy.
ribbitts & Co.. at Fourth and Townsend
ftreets. Hoffman was watching some '
rechinery belonging to his employers
rhen he noticed a man near the place act
nr suspiciously. Approaching- him he
u.kec! him his business, when the stran-
Numerous Attacks Made Upon , Non-
Unioa Laborers.
of this city will deliver a free lecture Sun
d.iy. September 1, at 3 p. m. at Golden
date Hsill. Subject, "Strikes— Their Cause
and Cure."
A northbound Kearny-street car was at
tacked by. a mob of strikers near Mont
gomery avenue last evening and two non
union - teamsters dragged off and taken
away. The police arrived on the scene
after the crowd and its prisoners had dis
appeared and no names were secured.;
The striker?, numbering about 200. stop
ped the car and many of them swarmed
aboard. The non-union men they sought
resisted and a lively fight ensued." Pas
sengers were struck and women added", to
the excitement by their screams. Before
the melee ended nearly all the windows' in
the car were smashed. ':" Finally the two
non-union men were subdned and'; the
strikers dragged them down Pacific street
They have not ben seen since. Before
leaving the scene the leaders of the mob
assured the conductor of • the ' car . -that
they would meet him to-day, and pay for
the windows. •¦•'¦; ' •- • v « -
Louis Ratto. a non-urtion water front
worker, residing at ; 178 Vandewatcr
street, was badly beaten by a number of
sailors at Mission and East streets last
night. He was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital, to be treated for a lacerated wound
of the scalp and then sent to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where he will
be held for observation, as it is feared
that his skull Is fractured.
An employe of Ringling Bros, circus
was rescued from the hands of the strik
ers at the foot of Mission street dock
yesterday by Police Officer Maloney. Five
of the circus men had been out sight
seeing and, not knowing of the condition
of affairs on the front, took a trip to the
wharves. At the corner of Mission and
East streets they were attacked by a
number of union men. Four of them
succeeded in setting away from the
strikers, but they held onto one and
were proceeding to hammer him unmer
cifully, when Police Officer Maloney ar
rived with his club. A few well-directed
blows scattered the striker? and the offi
cer escorted. the circus man to the cars.
Luther Catermole, a non-union long
shoreman, who resides at 1544 Ninth
street, Alameda, was badly beaten in the
Phoenix saloon on East street last night
by a * number of union men. Catermole,
who had missed the 5 o'clock boat for
Alameda, went into the saloon to get a
glass of beer and while there entered
into an argument with several men
hanging about the place. The sentiments
he expressed did not please the crowd
and they proceeded to beat him. He was
sent to the Harbor Hospital, where he
was treated for lacerations of both eyes
and contusions of the face.
Max Davidson of DOl Golden Gate ave
nue, who keeps a clothing store at 5
Clay street, was treated at the Harbor
Emergency Hospital last night for a
lacerated wound of the scalp and two
lacerations of the lower lip. The injuries
were inflicted by Fred Olsen, a striker,
who was arrested and charged at the
Harbor station with battery. Davidson
¦was taking in -his show goods from the
sidewalk, when he -was attacked by Olsen,
who tried to prevent him from carrying
a trunk into his store. Davidson resist
ed and Olsen struck him several times
and then knocked him down. :
• George Jones, a longshoreman, was
treated at the Receiving Hosoital for .a
lacerated scalp last evening. He stated
that he was walking up Third street when
he was attacked by strikers. He defend
ed himself as well as he could from, his
assailants and shouted for help. The men
who assaulted him became alarmed at his
shouts and ran away. ,
Thomas Hague, a non-union coal passer
employed on the steamer Santa Rosa, was
attacked last evening at the foot of Mar
ket street while returning from work.
He says that several men jumped on him
and hit him on the head with big- lumps
of coal. He was treated at the Receiving
Hospital for lacerated wounds of the
scalp.
after firing the shots the assailant took to
his heels and disappeared in the darkness.
b'- -^ MPLOYING draymen and striking teamsters seemed to be, approaching
agreement for a time yesterday. A second conference was held and 'definite
terms were submitted by the draymen, embodying -an additional clause in'
lm -*^ accordance with a suggestion of the teamsters. But when the Brother
hood of Teamsters met in regular meeting at night the proposition made
by the employers, which is given above, was rejected by a unanimous vote.
The conference had ' been arranged bj* the conciliation committee of the Mu
nicipal Federation of Improvement Clubs, and the teamsters had been sent to it by
the strike leaders in the hope that formal recognition of the Brotherhood of Team
sters would thus be made by the Draymen's Association. The draymen, however,
carefully avoided such recognition by insisting that they were there as individual
draymen to meet individual employes, and not as a committee of employers to meet
a committee of employes.
The strike leaders took the ground that the.proposition was not authorized and
no settlement based upon it could be satisfactory. The teamsters, even those who
were favorably impressed by the terms offered, swung into line and sanctioned the
stand taken by the leaders.
The conference was held in the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance building. Charles
L. Tilden. Grove Ayers, George Renner and Aaron Englander were present as in
dividual draymen. The teamsters in the, meeting were Frederick Fitzpatrick, Frank
Markey. George Thomas, James Kirkpatrick and Thomas Jolley. • . »
¦„>,'¦ Terms Modified at the Request of Teamsters.
At the first conference, held Wednesday . afternoon, terms upon which the
teamsters would be allowed to resume work were submitted by the draymen.
They were identical with the terms printed above, except that th* words "and
they may come back to work as union men," and in the next sentence, "but
will not allow the union to interfere with our business in any manner" were not
embodied in the statement. The teamsters conferred with each other, and later
offered the suggestion that if a clause were inserted specifying that the team
sters would be allowed to go back to work as union men they believed the
terms offered would be accepted by tli<^ teamsters. It -was. then decided that a
second meeting should be held the following day. "
At this 'second meeting, at half-past 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon, the dray
men presented the modified terms which are printed above.. They had inserted
the' clause desired by the teamsters, but had added to offset It the clause, "but
will not allow the union to Interfere with our business in any manner." -
The five teamsters retired for consultation and presently returned and put
the following question to the draymen:
Will you recognize the Brotherhood of Teamsters and reinstate the teamsters as mem
bers thereof and recognize their right to act through their organization in a collective
capacity?
The draymen replied simply by referring to the proposition they had made,
refusing to enter into any discussion or explanation of the terms submitted.
Draymen Present as Individuals. .
The teamsters asked the draymen whom they represented and what authority
they had to act. The draymen replied that they came here are individual dray-
The teamsters then asked the draymen the following question:
VClIl each individual drayman answer for himself the question: Are ' you as an in
dividual drayman willing and able to recognize and deal with the Brotherhood of Team
sters on behalf of the teamsters?
The draymen replied, "You already have our proposition and we - have "no
other answer."
The individual members being urged to reply, Mr. Ayers said, "We have talk
ed this thing all over, and 1 acquiesce with my friends, and we have given our
answer."
Mr. Renner said: "I have submitted the proposition as an individual dray
man, and we have stipulated to work under that proposition."
The conference was brought to a close, with the : understanding that the
teamsters would take the proposition under advisement. Their method, of course,
would be to refer the matter to the Brotherhood of- Teamsters and the strike
leaders.
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the Sailors' Union, said last night before the
teamsters met that the terms would not be accepted. He said the committee
of teamsters had been induced to meet th^ draymen under the false representa
tion that the five draymen represented the Draymen's Association. Since the em
ployers were there only as Individuals, there could be no authorized proposition
worthy of consideration submitted by them.
Conference That Gave Much Promise
Comes to Naught Because Em
ployers Do Not Recognize Union.
UNION FIREMAN IS SHOT.
In the course of the meeting: expressions
were taken from a large number of mem
bers as to their opinion as to the condi
tion of the strike. They reported confer
ences voluntarily sought by their striking
employes, expressing an earnest desire for
the trouble to be over, and in every case
stating their belief that it was nearing an
end.
The meeting adjourned subject to the
call of the chair, the committee appointed
to confer with the Mayor being: instructed
if necessaiy to report progress at such
cdjourned meeting.
Further remarks were made by Police
Commissioner Newhall and a number of
other members at the meeting, all In the
direction of doing something that would
restore public cr<ier. It was decided that
<yrre-"very important step would be the is
suance of a proclamation by the Mayor.
commanding that peace be kept and that
riotous assemblages on the streets be
avoided.
Chief of Police Sullivan, who was pres
ent, was asked to make a statement of
the situation. He said that the Police
Depaitment h?.d the strike situation well
in hand up to the time of the proceed
ings in Judgre Cabaniss' court, and that
when that Police Judge punished a po
liceman for doing his duiy and refused
to hold men who were guilty of breaches
pt" the peace the situation changed, and
the police naturally lost control of it. the
riotously disposed •¦ strikers saying to
them: "We do not rare for you; we have
the courts on our side." That decision,
in the judgment of the Chief of Police,
coupled with other ill-advice to the
etrikers g1v«=r: by the Examiner,
led to the riotous demonstrations of
Wednesday, and may lead to other like
demonstrations. Chie» Suilivan assured
the meeting of the desire of the Police
l>epartroent to do its full duty and to con
vince the disorderly and riotous that it
had the law abiding people of the city be
hind it and would enforce the law regard
less of the consequences. He referred to
the proceedings against Captain Wittman
Dfl another instance of the Police Courts
discrediting the department in its effort
to do its duty.
Action v.as also taken assuring Chief
cf Police Sullivan of the united support of
the business classes and conveying the
fame assurance to the Police Commis
sioners.
The Chamber of Commerce, Merchants'
Exchange. Produce Exchange, Merchants'
Association. San Francisco Board of
Trade. State Board of Trade and other
commercial bodies were largely represent
ed at the meeting. Andrea Sbarboro pre
sided and E. Scott, secretary of the Cham
ber of Commerce, acted as secretary.
REPRESENTATIVES of the va
rious commercial bodies of the
city held a conference yesterday
afternoon, beginning at 3:15, at
the Chamber of Commerce to con
eider the strike situation. As a result of
tht deliberations of those in attendance
It was decided that the presidents of the
organizations represented should consti
tute a committee to wait upon Mayor
Phelan. place before him the seriousness
of the situation and get his views as to
such action on his part as will strengthen
the Police Department by showing that
it and the executive of the city are as
one in the determination that order shall
be preserved and laboring- men protected
in doing- their work.
Train Demolishes Wagon.
T.Edward; Koblering. peddler.' failed to
notice, the approach of an : outward bound
train ¦; at ' Twenty-fourth - ' and i - Guerrero
streets yesterday; afternoon and -was run
into.-- His y wagon ; was entirely 'destroyed
and he received 'several lacerations of the
scalp, i -¦ Hi3 wounds were dressed 'at the
railroad hospital. -
Mrs. ; Hannah ¦ Petit of 436% Sixth street
v/as brought - to the ; Central ,'» Emergency
Hospital last 'night s by; her husband to be
trf ated for a number of burns on her face
and; hands.. 1 : The injuries were, sustained
through | her falling against a hot stove
while ¦ suffering from an*' attack -of epi
lepsy. : . . ,' -, . .-;
An Epileptic '¦ Badly Burned.
. . Threats, muttered and" openly expressed,
boding ill for the recently appointed spe
cial policemen, had reached the ea'r . of
Captain Wittman, •• and h6 took v. prompt
steps - to frustrate any scheme : which, in
volved further , violence.- Policemen" were
stationed on every block on Fourth, Fifth
and-- Sixth" streets, from Bryant I to ¦ Mis
sion, and Captain Wittman; > Lieutenant
Anderson and Sergeant Donovan patrolled
Although the Receiving j Hospital staffs
were kept busy yesterday attending to In-'
juries received by non-union men and spe
cial policemen at the hands of strikers
there was no such .concerted \ action j as
that for which the striking teamsters were
responsible on .Wednesday .afternoon.
Thanks to _ a . well-arranged system of j po
lice patrol in and about, the district that
was the. scene of the rioting the striking
teamster was a law-abiding citizen. '.; ' * .
to Prevent Further, Rioting.
Captain Wittman Takes I Precautions
POLICE ON, EVERY BLOCK.
City Superintendent of Schools Me
Clymondshas given notice that the pub
lie schools will be closed on Monday.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University : of California announced to
day that Labor day would be observed at
the university as • a State ' legal holiday.
He' ' said ¦ renorts to the contrary- were
false. • • ¦?----'¦* *~it3«*«
L. A. . Miller, business agent of the
Building Trades Council, was thrown
from a, buggy, yesterday at Fruitvale and
severely cut and bruised. ¦
The Oakland branch of the American
Can Company, at First and Myrtle
streets, employing fifty hands, has closed
down. Labor disturbances' operating to
retard fruit shipments are the causes as
signed by the company.
The Oakland Union of the protherhood
of Teamsters has made a public appeal
for money with which to carry on the
strike in . this city. Business Agent
Charles: Johansen announces that tho
union is short of funds. Appeal has been
made to the American Federation of La
bor for support,' but it will be a week or
ten days before a reply can be had.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— While returning
from work on the steam excavators at
the tidal canal Ole Olson, who claims to
be a union machinist, was set upon by
two men at 8 o'clock to-night and . ter
ribly beaten, j Olson was kicked into In
sensibility, his shoulder-blade was broken
and his other Injuries will keep him from
work for many weeks. The injured me
chanic told the police that his assailants
were striking machinists, who thought he
was a non-union workman. He does not
know their names. Olson was beaten at
Bast Fourteenth street and Twenty-third
avenue. • He lives at Thirteenth avenue
and East r Fourteenth street- : . -:
hood of Teamsters Makes Pub
lic Appeal for Money.
"Workman Is Badly Beaten — Brother-
CAN COMPANY CLOSES J-'J
ITS BOORS IN OAZLAND
The case of T. Killeen, a striking: mold
er, charged with . battery upon H. Ander
son, a non-union molder employed in the
Mechanics' Foundry, was tried by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. Anderson testified
that on the evening of August 3 Killeen
approached him at First and Natoma
streets and tried^ to induce him to quit
work. He refused and Killeen and oth
ers knocked him down and kicked him.
He ran into a grocery on. the corner, but
was followed and again knocked down
and kicked. G. A. Dow, a pump manu
facturer, testified to seeing Killeen talk
ing to Anderson, but it -was not till
Anderson ran into the grocery that he
was struck. Killeen testified that he did
not attack Anderson, but when he saw
other men attacking him he ran away
and he was corroborated by J. Crowley,
a carpenter. The Judge will give his de
cision this morning.
Striking Molder on Trial.
Acting under instructions from Chief
Sullivan Captain Wittman yesterday took
seventy-four of his men off trucks and as
signed them to the most important beats
in the city. Their places on the wagons
will be filled by special policemen em
ployed by different detective agencies.
the district in a buggy throughout the
day. Striking teamsters in little squads
visited the scene of the previous day's
battle and seemed to take keen enjoyment
in recounting the stories of some of the
hottest engagements.
"That means that you have ' decided
against us," remarked Attorney Dunne;
"but I would ask you to. defer your formal
ruling in the matter. '
The Judge said h3 would not make his
formal ruling till this morning, which was
satisfactory. . . .
"The only point," continued the Judge,
"that perplexes me, and that very little,
is the distinction that the Sheriff is a
county officer and I am a charter officer.
The Sheriff might decline to serve the
venire. Then he could be cited for con
tempt and that would te'st the ¦ case. I
will issue the venire to the Sheriff."- T
"If," retorted the Judge, "such a ridicu
lous, folly were perpetrated it would-be a
gross and palpable error and a bar to fur
ther proceeding." . ',
"If," interrupted Attorney Dunne, "a
jury of twelve women were summoned
and rendered a verdict; would that be a
bar to further proceeding?" .
"I am also strongly • persuaded — though
that might be, so far as I am concerned,
a matter of future consideration— that,
taking Mr. Dunne's view to be the correct
one, namely, that I have r.o power to
order the Sheriff to act In this matter, but
nevertheless I do order him to act and
he does act and a venire is returned and
jurors appear In obedience to that venire,
and a trial otherwise agreeable to the
rules of law was folio-wed by a verdict of
acquittal. It seems to me, at the very
most and very worst, I would simply, ac
cording to Mr. Dunne's contention of the
law, have committed an error, and if
subsequent to the return of such a verdict
it was sought • again to place Captain
Wittman on trial for thj off ense - with
which he now stands 'charged, the first
verdict would be pleaded as a bar to any
further' proceedings of that character.''
"And with reference to one point, that
is, that a verdict returned at the hands of
a jury selected by the Sheriff would 1 not
be a vindication against this charge. I
submit -with all candor; viewing the mat
ter from the standpoint of vindication for
the moment rather than from the stand
point of its legal effect or consequence,
it would be infinitely a more complete
vindication than would be such a verdict
rendered in the case at the hands of. the
jury selected in the ordinary manner,
namely, by the Chief of Police, or, actu
ally, as is practically the case, by some
subordinate of the Chief of Police.
"But It is not enough in all cases that
the duties appertaining to the administra
tion of justice have been properly per
formed. It is just as essential where it
can be so ordered that justice be admin
istered even collaterally, and by what I
might characterize as auxilary agents of
justice, in a manner to free the proceed
ing, whether it may be a trial by jury or
any other, absolutely of ?all suspicion
even. . ¦ . : :>. .' .; .-;
this venire to the Sheriff is not at all from
my standpoint a matter of discretion, for
this reason: If I had the power to have
this venire executed, to order it executed
by the Sheriff— my present judgment, af
ter listening very . carefully to what has
been said, is that I have that power — I
would exercise it, and I would do that not
because I assume, and, indeed, in all
frankness. I will say, not that I believe,
because I .do not believe, that if this
venire were placed in the hands of Chief
of Police Sullivan he would execute it,
and so far as he could control the situa
tion, would cause it to be executed other
wise than fairly and legally.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt^ FRIDAY, AUGUST 30. 190 1.
-The Judge said: "I think the matter is
exactly as stated by Mr. Dunne in this
one particular, namely, the matter ad
dressing Itself to the court as to whether
or not the court has the power to send
Attorney Dunne vigorously opposed the
request and argued that under the char
ter the Juflge 'had • no discretion in the
matter, but must order the Chief of Police
to serve the venire. The Sheriff was a
county offlcr and' to ask him to serve the
venire would in his judgment be a vain
and .futile act. Barrett replied . that it
would be a vain and futile act to allow
the defendant or a co-ordinate officer to
summon the jury. Much depended upon
the district in which the jurors would be
summoned, and if they were selected' in
some districts it would, be useless to try
the case* He contended that the Judge
had the discretionary power, to ask the
"Sheriff, marshal, constable or police offi
cer" to. serve the venire, which was again
combated by Dunne, who contended that
the words were distributory in theij^lnter
pretation, the Sheriff being for the.Supe
rior and Justices' courts, the marshal for
a city, the constable for a township, and
the police officer for the police courts.
The Chief of Police was a man of unblem
ished integrity and would perform his
duty in the premises fairly and equitably.
It was here that the groans of the strik
ers were uttered. -. . . , ".
Attorney Barrett precipitated a long ar
gument by asking the Judge to order the
Sheriff to serve the venire instead of the
Chief of Police.
After 'the case was called, Attorney Hos
mer entered a plea of not guilty and de
manded a trial by jury.
The case of Captain George W. Witt
man, charged with battery upon James
Masse, a striking- marine fireman, was
called In Judge Cabaniss'- court yesterday
morning. Attorney John J. Barrett ap
peared as special prosecutor, and the de
fendant, who was present, was repre
sented by Attorneys Hosmer and- Peter
Dunne. The courtroom was crowded with
strikers, and twice when Attorney Dunne
in his argument referred to Chief Sulli
van In complimentary terms the strikers
emitted groans. The Judge said nothing
after , the first demonstration, but when It
was' repeated he said he would have the
courtroom cleared if there was any fur
ther demonstration of the kind.
Sarve Jury Venire.
Judge Cabaniss to Order Sheriff to
HULES AGAINST WITTMAN.
5
i Last Two Bays —«,««, Skirt Lining ?
j: Princess Doris £j§}iH* iLi?il^£lal II %wM Special Sate. %
£ Th: charming little singing and dancing SggfflllW^ *** %T~^9 *¦ TfLB t§Wfl$ iip ie «sorly (about 6do yarcs) or cood -^
* Jipmesc girl. Thousands visit At- gj jpP": . J^^ ,_. Sf 22 quality i lack Mars Skirt Ivning. *£
j^' traction Hatl daily to see and hear" <jgQMOggft ffEM lg Bft ZT, Sk fflfc.1V worth I5c,medmm weight and bright "5
Jk? ' her. To-morrow positively htr last CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST 'STORE finkh.wi 1 teplacclon special ;- # 3*
Jf'-diy.-- A-lmissicn free. ' ¦ . • - ..,,"¦¦¦;.¦.,/ , . ". # sale to-davon'y, rcr yard.:.. !?#€? «}*
l~~Men*s $1OMO Suits $4.35. J
i- Positively the last two days that you can buy these- excellent suits at gfT 'i
J ' the absurdly low price of "four-thirty- five." /" \ - J^k. %
X They. are well cut and carefully made business sack suits. ¦ The materials ars wool, chtviots and f jr /Y °**
fl' . cassimere?, in nice mixtures"; good all-the-year-round weights. . They are the. suits that Summer- / (.1 . °f
*t V; field & Co., the retired wholesalers, made to sell for $7.50 and \$ 1 0.00; and many. of • them are / * I • J5
s iS I suits of We value from cur regular stccks which have been substituted in this sile to fi 1 in broVen p= •'*
I? . sizes. Until clcsing time' Saturday night, genuine full value $7. 50 and $10.00 a* jn -** L-4^iU!-— <-^ «
9? suits for. %p*0'a99'& tr^r/K '*
If Mcn'a $15 B'ue and Back Serge and All-woo! Tweeds and Cheviot Suits to-day and to-morrow. . . T \^"^T *
a? v <f Si Q SZ I \ v
» ' .•.•..•••••¦,•••••••••.•.••••••.••. . . . . v . . . . MJtOmiwZf I I jf
Men's $20 Overcoatv of English Whipcord, Covert Cloth and Oxford Gray Ch;viots and Won- \ \ %
t£ • teds — -to-day and to-morrow . ....... '. .'. . '¦¦'. . . . $11 45 I |\ °*
*? £7.50 Long Pants Suits, for boys 10 to 19 years — to-day and to-morrow.. . ... . . , ... $4 a Q5 l\ "*
S $3.00 Knee Pants Suits, for boys 8 to.15 years— to T day and to-morrow . ...;........ .$1 m Q3 \ J\ •*
If $6. v oo Threc-pitc: Knee Pants Suits, for boys 10 to 15 years— to-day and to-morrow. . .$3,48 ) 11 .%
t?Men's $3.00 All-woo! Pants^to-day and to-mo.row ; $1*71 &%** w 5
If Men's $5.00 All-wool Pants — tc-dav and to-morrow. ; . . . . . . . . .$2 55 I' ' %
t'--ki™JL M ?%?%% D^ess Goods Remnant Sale A
Jf H&nanerCnierS &C. .^oo-iemnamsof Back and Colored Dress Goods have already accumulated §
t£ i-' ' V^^ssssaaa^.^ ;"? do ". n since our recent "Tuesday Remnant Sale.'* These are djl-wool &brics
S ' J'M "^^^^D Ta'e't 'ncv-^d ¦>¦ Henriettas, Albatross, E- amines, Challies, Serges, Cheviot^ Mixed Suitings, $
S /¦ I /^\ /W^ m ¦» I'"' Hand- Venetian, Broadcloths, Poplins, etc., in waist, ' skirt and suit lengths, and J
* '"'¦"/: -^/w\?f/ kerch ' cfs ' that nian y P r «ty remnants for children's dresses; every piece is a good bargain at %
%. //^yf/ I\VV rVdfrom'New ? the . alread y recluced . remnant P rI . cc » bu^ to close them out to-day we make J-
: -«^§§S|/ ( ¦ kk^w) :P>^; M 8 P e - :"''¦¦¦' One-Quarter Off Marked Prices. %
$mW§i W WSM^A Special SaleUr Dinner Set $6.89. i
•? o: sheer lawn, &% ¦'¦'**- m* • -*r-*~m**m* « .-
.with uid coi- Carpets, Furniture* Th e rr g u«r s*&*&>^ *
K ored bordeis, daintily stitched in c'esignV they ,/To;/*- pxWnnrflhTli V T.nlllPK fnr L» C " * (€5) J^^^^^S. m
t • • . wer- bought to ' ¦ di ft r i i^c «ch ; a : rour exiroominMy values Tor j 8 . 9O; J&W^0^%$K Z
2 a ¦. thrice to-day wu. ic... **° ¦ this d'siy ( Friday ) only . 5tiith = X^.sp 1« S
| — — — : 75c Tapestry- Carpet, 57c-Nc W fe^.«| |
% • .. pretty coors, a r.-al eooi 7cc qual- __ . V.,., , „ ,„ H ,,^T^~sLgf X
$ Sample Copies \ & 5gS8 *«M 37c £?- |
»° « win m "Xi $1-25 Axmlnjttr Carpets 98c— Stunningvde- ii the •Jtt*3*5&£-!fy&Tp. #
9f Of 1VIUS3G 2m 2 Cm signs, beautiful co or effects, an excellent " Ulusra- &
Jf Tc-day (Fr'day) only we p'ace on ta'e soo J'- 2 5 P cr )* rd qna%, loiiay -|p tion, wi:h a dainty bcrdrr of bue flowen; jj
•? sample cop'es of copyrighted music, th: \ on 'y.- '.'..mf€fC ther; are 52 pieces; a complete set for 6 per- jg
*? pieces that we sell regularly for 25c each, Ingrain Rugs — Sirs 36x36 inches, worth 75c sons, and the b : g s ore's spscial f%n ' jj»
J on: or two copirs only of a kind, at^ each, fpecial sale to-day only.. 0%^ price for Friday only will be. w0*O*F. ;
H the extraordinary special price per copy 7£ .. — *OC — ' Jf
|lp — ~ — Fountain Syringes |.
I Butter Sale ¦ § M^Mt^MM ™»° °" e -™ rd Off - \
S» ¦ ."'. • "»V» n~smr #3 r*mE*m "vau: t f which is 50, on 'tpicial sale We have bought, much ffif^="^lj±^~j[~**< i 5
Jf * «#^«#«jr a##l#Jf« , Fridayonly ''>>Of»' *W^' under regu ar price, a lj^=a^~'- I I
K. The market is still high on the best .$23*75 large con« 5 nmcnt of / jg
of butter, and the price prom- <- ' _?.J. J ?.;, Rnbbef °°' J fcffi~*Sg_/ / *?
g. isesto.be still higher;, inferior grades Syringe" ,^_^?^%b*33*T/ '^5 :
J . v can be bought for a little less than LiCjUOr SpBClBIS ' that were F~ — '. $^>* *
j^ coc per square; but not this best . in** Fwietstmr thippedby *- JE^-" 2
*" " oualitv creamer V of which we will *«*«»Jf » mistake to the Coast, and we wia sell them '<«
creamery,, otwnich we win Cha _ pion Whiskey— Full quart bott>s that to-day only, complete with three hard rubber >
Jf Tegular Size squares ' are regularly Si.oo, special to-day only. 75 3 { tipes (screw joints)— packed in neac hard- 3
to-day only . <l_9 lUr CLr Port or Sherry — No. AA, extra .fin: qua.ity, } wood box — *.;• •*
If . f , - " 4 . regularly $1.50 per gallon, to-day. $t*O5 J jl.oo a quart size for G3G 3<E
If > ¦/ Hock White Wine — A real good dinner wine, I J1.15 3-quart $5zi for 73O 9
% 50C ShamS 36Cm **R*}**}7 6oc ;P er gaUon, to day .45C ' f i-*S 4-qnart size for. 83O ' jjj
* 36c Per . Pair— That will be our price to-day for — __ _ . — -. _. "" &
.J a lot --of .fine cambric H.-mstitche^ Shams, ( CfJ*©^«©Sfi Q¥ ESOOBf WS&B&Sa ?
H . stimped in prelty. floral and conventional de- —\ -. , - r -.- ,, . ¦ .•» '" » >\ , rl , „ ",1" " X
tf ' si£ns, r in a large asjortrnent, the Thousands of volumes sold since Monday; thousands of books on all subjects §
K reguar price 50c pair, to-day only 0OC still remaining from the great stock advertised last Sunday. &
THE EMPORIUM.
THE v EMPOBIUM.
THE- EMPORIUM.CORONADO TENT ¦; CITT." Coronado Beach
Cal.. - ' Will' be the; popular" summer ¦ resort this
: season. ' It became ; famous ; last year for f com
fort,', entertainment ,' and . health. ' Its splendid
cafe was a'. wonder, "the fishiitg uncxecelled. ;
Because Queen Alexandra said that' all coronation
robes and gowns should be made of British materials,
the London milliners have intimated that she doesn't
know what she, is talking about.' . . .
.It cost '.for marble and stone, $7,124,626;
forMron, $1,159,000; bricks and brickwork,
$1,612,167; > carpenter work,, : $C19,943. 'The
metal, work': of the tower on the top ol
which! stands the' immense figure of Wil
liam , Penn alone cost $756,537, while the
tower clock represents $27,960. V.
The paving "of the courtyard and outside
cost nearly $200,000. while to install ¦ elec
tric; lights in the hall Incurred an expense
of To . furnish?! city department
rooms cost $3,990,211.V. [ *:-, V
.'In a fiscal accounting the commissior
showed that $24,333,^55 43 had been expend
ed , in. ;the" immense' marble pile todate :
which includes salaries of architect, $317,
452; superintendent ¦; and assistants.' $136,
048r secretary and clerk, $101,695; and mes
sengers, $19,375. ¦
The Philadelphia City Hall, work or
which was begun in 1870 and which i;
still i unfinished, has just been transferrec
¦to "Mayor "Ashbridge as the city's repre
sehtatiye by the abolished j Public Build
ing Commission.
COSTLY CITY HALL.
-NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— The followinj
Califdrnians are in New York: From Sai
Francisco— H. W. Gaodall is at the Hoi
land; G.- W. Kirske ls:at the Rossmore
G.~M. Dowd is. at the Normandie. Frorr
Los Angeles— E.W. Potter, G. E. Browi
and W. L. Stewart are at the '.Heralc
Square. ¦ • ; , - ; c
Calif ornians in New York. /
Within a time comparatively short we may- expect
to see a well perfected system of the new. telegraphy
established between this city and the"Tarallohes.
The governmental authorities are now working out
such a ' system,- and - have our interests in mind, y.lil
'may be, as the Tribune has said, that the installation r
of the service ; at ; Nantucket has not received the Jat- '
It will be seen that the development of the system
is going • forward with a rapidity that keeps pace
with the most sanguine expectations of those who
noted the first experiment of The Call in obtaining
by wireless telegraphy the announcement of- the ap
proach of the transport bringing home the Califor
nia Volunteers from Manila.
One of the most interesting demonstrations of the
power of the new telegraphy was obtained, quite un
expectedly during the recent maneuvers of the Brit
ish Channel fleet. A summary of an official report
on the svibject to the Navy Department at Washing
ton says: "Messages were exchanged up to a dis
tance of ninety miles between two ships, when "com
munication suspended owing to a minor break.
The instrument onone vessel was then adjusted to
send a. message to Portland, and, to the surprise of
the signaling staff, that station was heard 'talking' to
a second ship. The distance at which this'informa
tion was taken_was 103 miles as the crow flies, a rec
ord so far as the naval, service is concerned."
It is probable, however, that in the near future
there will be hardly any port of importance in the
civilized world unprovided with some system of
wireless telegraphy. The adoption of the improve
ment is going on much more rapidly than many per
sons suppose. Thus the New York Tribune, in com
menting upon the establishment of the wireless news
service of the Herald from Nantucket lightship to the
island and thence to the mainland, says: "The first
application of Marconi's invention to systematic work
in America a few days ago has hardly received the
attention which so important an event deserves. The
establishment of a wireless telegraph station at the
quaint little village of 'Sconset, on the island of Nan
tucket, ushers in. a new era in communication be
tween passengers on incoming steamships and their
friends on shore. It will also give those on board
an ocean liner earlier tidings of occurrences since
they left the shores of Europe. At least twelve hours
are now cut off from the period of enforced silence
incident to a trans-Atlantic voyage."
There is no questioning the truth of that statement,
but it should be applied jjot to the Canadian Gov
ernment only. There are other rich and enlightened
countries whose foggy coasts are unmarked by* the
new telegraphy, and among them is our own. r
BY way of preparing for the approach of the
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall to the Cana-^
dian ports on their tour of the empire, the
British Admiralty has ordered the installation of a
wireless telegraph system along that coast. Com
menting upon the fact, the Boston Globe says: "It
is a wise provision for the royal visit, but other ves
sels needing to pass that dangerous cape ought v to
be similarly safeguarded. It is little to the credit of
either the Dominion or to the imperial authorities
that a region so notorious for its shipwrecks should
have to wait for the Ophir's approach to get an
equipment that was required long ago."
THE NEW TELEGRAPHY.
J.'M. Horsburgh of the passenger traffic
department of the Southern Pacific, left
Wednesday night for Chicago, where he
will confer with J. C. Stubbs and E. O.
McCormick on matters pertaining to his
duties.
General Fred Grant, U. S. A., is at the
Palace, en route to the Philippines. Gen
eral Grant has been East on a leave 01
absence and is now hastening back t(
Manila to rejoin his command. . , . '
Charles B. Younger Jr., a young attor
ney of Santa Cruz,. Is at the Lick while
on a short business trip to this city. ¦
> William Britt, formerly . a . newspapei
man of this city, but now interested ir
valuable mining -properties in Alaska, has
returned from Nome/
Mr. and Mrs. G.'W. Young have conn
down from j their- home in Napa and an
registered at the Lick.
Frank J. Brandon of San Jose, secre
tary of the State Senate, is spending a
few days in tffe city..
'C. Ivins, Sheriff of San Luis.Obispo,
is among the recent arrivals at the Grand.
l - R.. P. McBride. a capitalist of Kansas,
is among the arrivals of last night at the
Palace. .
J-f.'W. Graham, a. mining man and.cat
tle raiser of Nevada, is at the Grand.
R. A. Rheinstron, a wealthy merchant
of Cincinnati, is a guest at the Palace.
W. E. Humphrey of Denver, is a guest
at "the Palace.
Senator A; F. Jones of Oroville is stay
ing at the Palace.
Dr. Jacob Eissenstadt of. Denver Is reg
istered at the Grand.
J. W. Smith, a merchant of Honolulu, is
staying at the Occidental.
D. B. Fairbanks, the Petaluma banker
and capitalist, is at the Lick.
George S. Jones, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is a guest at the Grand.
Fred Grant', U. S. A., is among the ar
rivals of yesterday at the Palace. *
Lieutenant Carr, U. S. N., is at the.Oc
cidental, accompanied by his wife.
HOBBT-DE-HOY-A., Oakland. Cal.
Hobby-de-hoy, sometimes written hobble
dehoy, "neither a man nor a boy," Is an
old English term applied to a lad be
tween the ages of II and 21. Tusser. In
"Five Hundred Points of Good Hus
bandry," published in 1557, has the fol
lowing:
1 — 7. The first seven years bring up as
;:> -; 5 a child:
7— 14. The next to learning for waxinsj
too wild; "^sfc?^
14 — 21. The next to keep under Sir Hob
bard de Hoy:
21— 2S. The next a man and no longer
a boy.
The Difference.— Lady — I see you adver
tise home-made bread?"
Baker— Yes, ma'am.
Lady— Does it taste like home-made?
Baker — Xo, indeed, ma'am. It's sweet
and light. — New York Weekly.
Last week a party on one of the bfg
yachts (out to see a contest that was
thrilling'the whole country) retired to the
cabin as soon as they got on board and
remained f here the entire - day playing
cards. As they were being landed at twi
light some one on the wharf called out,
"Who won?" •
"Mrs. Blank!" answered an ingenuous
maiden; "she held all the trumps."—
Evening Wisconsin. - ¦¦'-
Farmer Korntop— Name his mother seen
in the graveyard over yonder an' took a
fancy "to, ".Hie Jacet 'William Polk." —
Philadelphia Press.
Farmer Korntop— My oldest boy's work
in' in your town. His name's H. J. .W. P.
ICorntop. Ever hear tell on him?"
Mr. BorCen — No. • Where did he get all
those initials?
A CHANGE TO; SMILE.
The threat of Texas to place a heavy tax upon the
oil output will not stop the "gushers," but it has al
ready mixed a sound of wailing with the gush.
With such prospects- ahead. :the; twentieth century,
promises to be even more 'marvelous than the nine-
.teenth. The' man of ; the past who" has had money. fo.
burn- will be as .nothing in comparison- with, the man '.
I of, the future who has aluminum for. fuel.
In commenting upon the subject Dr. Andrew Wil
son argues that the diamond, the ruby and other jew
els may be produced by such a* degree of
heat as was caused by the combustion of aluminum
during the experiments. -He says: "To produce the
diamond from carbon by imitation, of; the ways of
nature in the past intense heat is essential; therefore
the idea of iising metals as fuel may supply enterpris
ing science with' means of building up the jewel, such
as have been hitherto wanting. Sir W. Roberts-Aus
ten, indeed," himself sounds a note of hopeful augury
here: -He tells us' that', the alumina which results from
the reduction of oxide, of chromium, when ut- is al
lowed to ; cool, .'forms large, ruby-tinted: crystalline
masses, closely. resemblingTthei natural ruby.'* Again.
in an interesting peroration the lecturer tells us that
.'the burning of aluminum' as fuel gives us sapphires
and rubies iii the ukj^ce of ashes, and metallic -fuel is
burned, not .by the air, above,' but by the : oxygen" de
rived from the ¦earth beneath, as it occurs in the fed
and, yellow oxides to, which our rocks and cliffs owe
their. color and, beauty."
Of course no such intense heat is needed for ordi
nary purposes, but science can make good use of it
in many ways, and when science has led the way art
will not be long in following. It was pointed out that
such heat will enable us to approach the intense
temperature I under which our planet was developed,
and we may thereby be enabled to some extent at
least tc reproduce the processes by which. many of
the metallic and other constituents of the earth's sur
face were -formed. That in turn would imply our
power of . reproducing them from their original
elements. • ,
The report of the lecture says: * ''The oxygen for
the combustion of the metal is supplied by metallic
oxides, because these latter readily: part with -their
oxygen to the metal if it be raised.to a certain heat.-
The experiment was. remarkable, for its results. A
mixture of oxide of iron, ferric oxide and finely di
vided aluminum was ignited by a piece of magnesium
wire. The heat produced wasintense. According to
Sir W.. Roberts-Austen, no known pyrometer or heat
measuring apparatus can ; sum it up. He, believes the
heat thus evolved to' be. about, 3000 degrees centi-"
grade." - '/.
We have now had cheap aluminum for some years,
and there is, no longer^ any enthusiasm on the sub
ject. However, it is likely there will be a new and
greater enthusiasm very soon, for 'the London Chron
icle reports that in a recent address at the Royal
Institution Sir W. Roberts-Austen spoke of the com
mercial and practical bearings of. "petals as Fuel,"
and says the chief idea of the discourse, and the prin
cipal experiments,; centered around the use of alumi
num for that, purpose.
ONLY a few years ago aluminum was rare and
costly. It was "a disputed question whether
it could ever be produced in ¦ quantities of
commercial value at anything like an economical
rate. In those years of experiment in the production
of the metal it was frequently predicted that as soon
as it could be furnished cheaply enough to be avail
able for manufacturing purposes it would work some
thing like a revolution in. the civilized San
guine enthusiasts spread abroad glowing accounts of
what great benefits might be expected when once
this light and beautiful metal was at the service of
\ humanity. —
\ ALUMINUM AS- FUEL. ~~ "
It is a sere thing to say, but it is true, that human
ity Mould rejoice at any complication that would
work retribution in behalf of a brave people, whose
only offense is love of their land and defense of their
freedom and their homes. The United States has no
other stake in the issue, as far as sentiment is con
cerned. On the material tide we have nothing to
lose. "Such a clash as is impending would defer the
proposed European trade concert to oppose what is
called abroad our commercial aggressions, and a war
would simply increase the call upon our surplus to
supply the nations involved. ; There may be another
appearance of sentiment, or many'such appearances,
but the matter goes^ deeper than any trivial dispute
between France and the Sultan. The Ottoman torch
may light, at the beginning of the twentieth, a fire as
great - as Bonaparte started at • the beginning of the
nineteenth century. -. . • '.'...'
">n the South African republicans is the same that
disgraced Spain in dealing with the Cubans. The
British besom has swept the Boer country clean of
all the means«of subsistence. The farms have been
burned, unspeakable outrages committed, and weak
women and children have been ruthlessly slaught
ered, by famine and disease, in the camps to which
they have been driven like cattle to be treated worse
than brutes. • :
She has sought control in all the Danubian states,
and apparently has not lost the desire to dominate the
Bosphorus and the Dardanelles. It is at present a
great play of diplomacy which may easily be ex
changed for the harder game of war. In her emer
gency Turkey can rely on England, but Adam Zad,
the bear, evidently. feels that England can stand no
further strain upon her resources than the Boer war
is imposing and that now is the time to strike. The
Sultan, whose miseries are quite incapable of aug
mentation, may well feel that he has nothing to lose
by precipitating the conflict of which his empire will
.be the earliest theater. His army is unpaid. His
diplomatic representatives are without salary, and his
administration is decayed to the marrow. Revolt is
ripe for adtion among his subjects, who are no
longer restrained by the bonds even of religion. Tur
key in Europe may be about to pass away, and the
territory it has occupied will fall to the strongest.
During the last year there have been many evi
dences of a substantial concert among the Continen
tal powers, so that it is doubtful if even Germany will
actively interfere with the plans of the Czar. The
passing of Turkey in Europe would be a distinct gain
to civilization, but the greatest sentimental result of
a present conflict would be the helping of the in
domitable Boers. The English people are rest
less under the prolonged war, which is be
ginning lo reflect upon England's military pri-*
macy, and still more seriously upon her hu
manity. Admissions of her own officers are
a Wed to other evidence that her method of warfare
THE renewal of '.he French trouble with the Sul
tan is portentous. There is no doubt that
?France and Russia are in accord. Ever since
the Berlin treaty deprived Russia of the right to oc
cupy Constantinople after the Balkan campaign that
empire has pressed her Asiatic frontier southward to
reach open water. Her appearance in affairs in Per
sia and Afghanistan, in Korea and China, is in pur
suance of an aspiration cherished ever since the time
of Peter the Great. To be a first-class maritime
power Russia must have and control seaports on un
frozen water. Turkey has been used to block the
way against her frorn^ the Mediterranean to the Black
Sea, and England lias interposed between her and
the Persian Gulf.
It seems to be a foregone conclusion that if the
Czar on his arrival in Paris should express any de
sire for .a partition of Turkey, France would be very
willing to help inMhe carving.
THE OTTOMAN TORCH.
DIVORCE AND MARRIAGE— G. "W. Xj..
Santa Rosa, Cal. This correspondent
asks: "Can a man marry out of this
State (when he has a divorce from his
first wife) according' to the laws of the
State where he marries and have his mar
riage recognized a3 legal by the courts of
this State upon his return?" The answer
is yes, if he is married .the second time
after a lapse of a- year after obtaining
divorce from his first wife. It has beon
held that a man who is divorced in this
State and before a year has expired goes
to another country and marries again,
such marriage is not legal in the State of
California.
PASTOR OF ST. PAUL'S LUTH
ERAN CHURCH, WHO DIED
SUDDENLY WEDNESDAY.
CIDER— A.. I>. A.. Frultvale, Cal." It is
said that the simplest method of keeping
cider sweet Is to allow it to work until 5jt
has reached the state most desirable to
the taste, then add a tumbler and a half
of grated horse radish to each, barrel and
shake up well. Thls-arrests further fer
mentation. After remaining a few weeks.
rack off and bung up closely In clean
casks. It Is not an easy matter to keep
cider sweet and pure for any length/ of
time, especially if the weather is warm.
If the elder Is not made until Just before
winter sets in, and can afterward be kept
at or near the freezing point. It will re-'
main sweet and- excellent.
No arrangements for the funeral have
as vet been made, although it has been
decided that the burial will take place on
Sunday. .,
dren, one son and three daughters— Franz,
Emma, Mrs. Sophie Koenig . and Mrs.
Bertha Plar&ens. He leaves also two
brothers and two sisters, C. E. Beehler, a
well-known business man . of Baltimore;
Miss Charlotte M. Beehler, Miss Nanna
Beehler, also residing in Baltimore, and
Commander William Beehler, naval at
tache at Berlin, Vienna and Rome, \&r:
PERSONAL MENTION.
• Dr. Buehler was a native of Baltimore
and 64 years of age. He was graduated at
the Theological Seminary of St. Louis
forty-one years ago and came directly to
this city. He was the pioneer worker, of
the Lutheran church on this coast. On
his arrival here he took. charge of a lit
tle church . on' Greenwich street. From
Greenwich street Pastor Buehler_ moved
his rapidly growing congregation" to the
church on Geary street, between Stockton
Suddenly he put his hand *to his head
and gasped. His wife and daughter
hastened to his side, but too late. The
zealous Christian worker, who for forty
one years had "served his Maker, had
pasesd to his reward.
Dr - McNeil and Dr. Damkroeger were
hastily summoned. They pronounced
that death was immediate apd gave th&
cause as apoplexy.
Death came suddenly. The pastor
had spent the evening with some friends
arid returned , home shortly before 10
o'clock. With ' his wife and . daughter
Emma he sat in his study chatting about
the approaching wedding of Miss Emma
to Rev. Mr. Tietien of Crockett.
REV. JACOB M. BUEHLER, pastor
of St. "Paul's Lutheran Church,
passed away on Wednesday even
ing at his home on Eddy street.
IRISH COIN-G. A. L., City. The coin
asked about is either a penny or half
penny of the time of George IV, who
reigned 1S20-30, and was . coined- for Ire
land. All coins minted for Ireland flave
the harp on the reverse from 1601. In the
reign of Queen Elizabeth. This, like the
thistle on Scotch coins since 1632, is placed
on the coin to designate the fact that one
Is Irish coinage and the other Scotch
coinage.
TO WALK CHALKS— Inquirer, City.
To "walk chalks'* or "walking a chalk
line" is an ordeal on ship board as a test
for sobriety. Two parallel lines are
chalked for some distance on the deck
and If a man who is -T~p;=ted of being
under the -Influence of liquor can walk
from one end to the other without over
stepping either he is declared to be a
soberman. :/ - - .-.-..-
HELL GATE— E. K. H., City. The ob
structions at Hell Gate, New York har
bor, were removed by Brevet Major Gen
eral John Newton, TJ. S. Engineers, Sep
tember 24, 1876. The button that set off
the exploding material was touched by
General Newton's baby daughter. The
explosion sent up a body of water, spray
and vapor to a height of 123 feet.
TANANA HILLS— E. W. B.. Sacramen
to, Cal. The Tanana Hills of Alaska are
just below the Arctic Circle between 143
and 155 longitiMe. The hlllg are marked
on the recent map;- f Alaska as is also
Forty-Mile Creek, which runs into the
Yukon River between Dawson and Circle
City. .
CIVIL. SERVICE— Subscriber, Butte
Valley, Cal. If you will write to the clerk
of the civil service board of the depart
ment in which you desire to take an ex
amination the date of the same will be
furnished as soon as it is determined
HARD AND SOFT WATER-S. X, City.
Hard water la Impregnated with earths
and minerals. Rain water Is called soft
water because it Is not so Impregnated.
Exposure to the air will soften hard
water, so will soda or borax.
The death of such a "man may be truly accounted
a loss to the whole community. It will be felt in that
way by thousands of sincere and loving hearts, and
the bereaved family in their sorrow will have every
sympathy humanity can give. •
The essential characteristics of the man were
hereditary. He came of a family distinguished for
faithful and worthy service in whatsoever line of work
the members of it undertook. One of his brothers
holds the position of naval attache, doing service at
the courts of Berlin, Vienna and Rome, and is" hon
ored both at home and abroad, while others of his
family, though less widely known, are held itrnot less
esteem by those who come in contact with them. -
It. is not among Lutherans only that his. services
were useful and uplifting." His - fine life has an in
fluence wider than his parish, or' -the circle of those'
who embrace his creed.'- By. the moral order of the
world a good man's life has^.- issues far beyond the
reach of his personal acquaintance. The emanations
of a noble nature reflected from' mind to mind arid
soul to soul broaden out through all the processes of
human intercourse, and affect the hearts and the con
duct of thousands who may never have met nor even
heard of the individual from whom they emanated.
Mr/ Buehler was one of those strong. natures that
constitute an elementary force in society and help to
hold the social organism together by spiritual bonds
—invisible, but irrefrangible, and not to be broken
by force or worn away by time.
Mr. Buehler came to San Francisco forty-one years
ago and founded the first Lutheran church in this
city. He was therefore a pioneer of the State as
well as the father of Lutheranism in California.:
The success of his work is attested throughout the
length and breadth of the land. Lutheran churches
have arisen and Lutheran communities have flour
ished among us largely through his personaHeading
and the potent influence of his example. To the
younger pastors of his church he was a never failing
inspiration and help. They looked to him' as to
a father, nor ever looked-in vain for all a father's
kindly and gracious counsel and aid in any issue in;
which they appealed to him. ¦;'
WITH profound sorrow, the . people of San
Francisco, and many throughout the- entire-,
country, learn of the death of the Rev.
Jacob M. Buehler, pastor of St. Paul's Lutheran
Church in this city. The sorrow is the more acute ¦
because the death came suddenly and unexpectedly.:
No heart was prepared for the blow. To; his family, .
to.his relatives and. to the' wide circle of his parish
ioners and friends it has come like an appalling ca
lamity.
JACOB M. BUEHLER.
LAD"? AND WOMAN— A. S. R-. Oak
land, Cal. It la perfectly proper to speak
of one of the gentler sex as a woman
instead of a lady. Every lady is a woman,
but^t Is not every woman who la a laay.
¦ What will it profit the Iowa Democrats to" have re
affirmed the Kansas City - platform if Bryan should
strike oil and quit politics?
and Powell. This church in turn became
\ too small and the next move was to the
chuich in Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth. Pastor Buehler remained at
the Mission-street church until 1894, when
he took charge of St. Paul's Lutheran
Church.
Dr. Buehler teaves a wife and four chil-
MANILA-Subscriber, Butte Valley, Cal.
The shortest route from San Francisco to
Manila, P. I., by steamer Is by the great
circle route, 6237 miles. Manila la con
nected by submarine cable with China.
The business men and property-owners of this city,
the vast mass of peaceful laborers, appeal for order
and safety. They counsel the mistaken rioters and^
assailants of peaceful men to pause and consider that
they endanger their own rights when they attack the
rights of others. If they will not listen to any but
the advisers who put murder in their hearts, the issue
will be met. No city has ever surrendered to a mob,
and San Francisco will not set the cowardly ex
ample, though the United States have to use its
army to help her resist. "~ ,
Government is a trust, and under our system it
never fails for lack of a trustee. The city is the pri
mary trustee of government here. If it fail the State
succeeds it, and, if the State fail, the United States
is the ultimate trustee, and so far nobody has whipped
the United States. - .
But it will "not dissolve. The business of the t United
States must go on. The transports that load and un
load at this city will not be sent to Seattle or Ta
coma because the laborers who load and discharge
them cannot be protected here from murderous at
tacks. Already fifty strikers have fallen upon eight
of these United States laborers and beaten /them
nearly to death. It was not only the act of cowards,
but of men Who have no regard either for the good
name or the prosperity of San Francisco. Let such
understand that these laborers will be protected. , If
the city government cannot do it the troops at the
Presidio will.
In no case has one man fairly attacked one man.
The strikers have gone in parties largely outnumber
ing their intended victims. This has been unfair,
unAmerican and unmanly. The men attacked have
been only standing on their lawful right to labor and
take wages. If the law cannot or will not protect
men in this, then government is dissolved.
There will be no surrender. If those who are
charged, with the maintenance of law and order skulk
and refuse to use their authority to protect life and
property, then the city will pay dearly for every blow
taken, every life sacrificed and every dollar of prop
erty destroyed. From the beginning of the strike the
mob spirit has been insidiously cultivated by the
demagogues and evil counselors of the strikers. It
has been that sort of advice that educates the man
hood out of men, destroys their respect for fair play
and makes them cowards. Hence we have seen gangs
of ten beset one helpless boy and beat him into a
pulp, and when he escaped he was pursued by the
whole party and struck' down again, and when he de
fended himself with his pistol the men who had
sought his life yelled "Murder!" : >-.Vk||
The daily attacks of the Examiner on the police,
the action of a police magistrate in fining an officer
for preserving the peace and setting free those who
broke the peace, and the incendiary advice of a law
yer to the strikers to arm and shoot policemen, all
led surely to one end— the mob and attacks upon life
and property. It marks the end of the strike. There
can be no capitulation to violence, no surrender to a
mob." Bad advice has borne. its fruit, its intended
fruit, and has raised the issue whether government
and public order shall'surrender to violence: '
WE have referred to the bad advice to which
the- strikers have been subjected. They
.. could follow it or not, as they chose. We
regret for their sake that they have followed it to its
final and only logical conclusion", a display of mob
violence. V
SUDDEN IS THE DEATH
OF PASTOR BUEHLER
IN ANSWER
TO QUERIES BY
CALL' READERS
tention which ,so' important an event deserves,: but
none the less far-sighted' business men are .watching
the r work of the new marvel,, and in due time their
demand will bring about the establishment of, the
system wherever it is needed.
THE MOB.
FRIDAY : ... .............. .AUGUST 30, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ;:^
Adftnti All CcnEtnieatleni to W. 8. LEAKS, Hunger.
JIAXAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE!. . .Market and Third* S. V.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Sing-le Copies.' 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Fostaa*et
DAIX.T CAX>L> (Including Sunday), ona year. ....'........ .$8.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months'.. 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.60
DAILT CALL— By Single Month .".... 65o
SUNT5AT CAI-I. One Tear 1.50
"WEEKLY CALL On* Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall cubscrlben In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure & prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG7TESS.
IFaBiger Foreign Atrertiiisg, Xarqnatta Building. Chicago. |
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2618.") '; ..-.- '•-..
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOJf ........Herald Square
NETT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL '
BRANCH OFFICES— -527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
actl! 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
»:80 o'clock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
ecrner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock, lot Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
J200 Ffllmor*. cpen until 9. a. m.
6
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL; FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 1901.
Grand Ooera-houie — "Lord and Lady Algy."
OntraJ— "Tb« Two Orphans." i^
California — "Rosemary." i
Orrhtum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Wheels Within Wheels."
Alcazar— "Romeo and Juliet."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties. .
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. .
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball. j>
Sutro Baths— Swimmlnr.
"llng-llng- Bros.' Circus — Fo!«om and Sixteenth streets.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Scientific Boxlncr to-nl^ht.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento— September 2 to 14.
Call aabscrlbers contemplating a clianffe «f
retidesee dnrlngr the summer months can hare
tiieir. paper forwarded by mall to their lew
addresses by notlfylnsr The Call Bmitncii Office.
Thia paper Trill also be on sale at ail summer
resorts and Is represented by a local afreat lm
nil tawBi am the coast.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYH& TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Choice candies..ToT«.~..=on<Vs. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c ner Ib at Townsend'a.*
Selling out. Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c ta
40c. 81 4th st.. front of barber and grocery.*
.Special Information supplied dartly to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The KIFYT
Ireland JMCA.l
. AA '•. -' .
Compared vALLo
The .. J' , ,
T~stl.*W#1 ADVENTURES OF A SHARK CHARMER.
ireiaXlCl A THRILLING STORY OF THE
A? M SOUTH SEAS.
V 4 * *y A TOWN THAT WAS BUILT IN ONE
Boyhood. HOUR
AN IDEAL HUSBAND-BY SUSAN B.
BY. JUDGE.., ANTHONY.
I. V. COFFEY. » -
J v. HOW TO SEE YOSEMTTE ON FOOT- ¦
BY GEORGE D. SAiFD.
. . ¦ - - .--..• ¦—
. ,.. — — ¦ PATHETIC STORY OF -THE MAN IN !
~ _ . „. Tim BEST KNOWN ARTISTS' MODELS > ¦
Receipts* of san f^ancisco. ,
Fw/xw* HCTION. EOOKS AND HUMAN IN,
rrom . terest stories.
The ' . ' ;
FamOUS LEADS THEM AU_
' ' . v ¦ . - ~"1 ' - ' ¦-¦.¦-¦ - ¦'
AWXTSEMEJTTS.Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
HONGKONG^ArrJved prior to Aug 29— Stmr
Braemer, from Tacoma, via Vladivostok, etc.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Alien
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr Kaiserln
Maria Theresa, from Bremen and Southamp
ton, for New York. . .
LONDON— Sailed Aug 2&-Stmr Marquette.
for New York. • *
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug, 29— Stmr Bel
genlaml, for Philadelphia: stmr Majestic, for
New York: both from Liverpool. — ' - ¦ •.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for Hamburg,' via Plymouth . and
Cherbourg; stmr L'Aqultalne,.for Havre; stmr
Grosser Kurfurst, for Bremen, via Southamp
ton; stmr Gena, for Baltimore.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr Domin
ion, for Portland, Me; stmr New England, for
Boston, via Queenstown.'
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr Staten
dam, for Boulogne and New York.
- LIZARD — Passed Augr 30 — Stmr La Gascogne,
from New York, for Havre.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug 30— Stmr Zee
land, from New York, via Cherbourg, for Ant
werp, and proceeded.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
COLON— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Sailed Aug 27 — Stmr Allianca, for New York.
VICTORIA — Arrived Aug - 28 — Ship Fort
George, from Honolulu; Danish bark Vavila,
from Santa Rosalia.
Passed up Aug 2S— Stmr Aztec, hence Aug 23.
for Nanaimo.
TOCOPILLA— Arrived Aug 29— Br bark Cal
luna, from Calcutta.: ¦
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 2S-Jap stmr Ka
makura Maru, from ¦ Seattle, and sailed July
28.
HONGKONG — Sailed Aug 28— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Aug 24— Br stmr Olen
turret, for Tacoma. , "
SWANSEA— Sailed Aug 23— Br ship Flint
shire, for San Francisco.
KOBE— Sailed Aus 28— Br stmr Cycle, for
San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Arrived Aug 28— U S stmr
Iowa, . hence Aui 20. • ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
Arrived Aujr 29 — Schr Compeer, from Teller;
achr Wm Renton, -from St Michael.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Auk 2»-Stmr Santa
Barhara, for Eureka. \
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Aug 29-Schr Spo
kane, for Honolulu.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 21— Bktn Amelia,
fro-.i EureKa. ' •
TO SAIL.
FROM. SEATTLE,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survev—
Times -and Heights of High and Lowt
Waters at Fort Point, entrance • to San
' Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. »
. NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city : front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five . minutes later than at Fort Point •
the height of tide is tho same at both places.'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FRIDAY, AUGUST; 30.
Sun rises '....... .VJS
Sun sets .- .' 6 : 43
Moon, rises .......•..;... >..6:53 p.':m.
- Roanoke ; Rye, Honey ¦ arid Horehound.
Get-it. .You'll. not regret it V; : ._- •
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Guatemala arrived from South and
Central American" ports ¦'. yesterday. :;.. As"
there was no berth for her she anchored
In the stream and may not dock" until
•Guatemala From South America.
-i.. "'; V ' In .the TMvorce Court:
Decrees of divorce were gran ted. yester
day; to v Alice M.' M. ¦ Wall ; from John tFA.
Wall for - desertion," Blanche B. . Lamont
from John W."' Lamont • for ' extreme - cru
elty," Ethel- iWood Harris ¦ from - Louis I*
Harris ; for neglect "and Julia' G." Fay from
Martin Fay ; f or * intemperance. * Suits ' for
divorce' have been : filed by Adele A/ Fan
cher i against Frank ; H. - Fancher • for fail
ure to provide andv-George Monnier
against Violet ¦ I. Monnier, for cruelty.
v NOTE— In the ¦ above exposition of . the tides
the early - morning tides are given in the left
hand I column and I the successive I tides ) of the
day in the. order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth | time | column gives the • last j tide of the
day.- except .when there are but'three tides, , as
sometimes , occurs, j . The ; heights given > are ' tn
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a* minus ( )
sign precedes the height. sand, then the number
given • is > subtracted from r the '¦¦ depth ¦ given by
th« charts.* .The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. ; ' :\ .•</' \ ¦• \ ,-.
The United States naval transport
Solace arrived from Manila via Guam and
Honolulu yesterday. She made the run
from the islands In seven days, and will
probably go to the navy yard to be put
out of commission to-morrow. A . list of
the officers and passengers on the Solace
was published in The Call Wednesday
last. • • - : - .. ¦ .
The Solace left San Francisco early this
year, and during her absence has traveled
over 30,000 miles. From here she went to
Honolulu and thence to Guam and the
Philippines. From Manila she' went to
China and Japan and then back to Guam.
She left the latter place August 8 and has
come leisurely home. = -
Naval Transport Solace Arrives.
The Supervisors' Street. Committee con
sidered .the ; application , of ' the -Santa Fe
Railway Company ' yesterday - for a fran
chise on Indiana' street.- The" committee,
wr ile expressing itself in favor < of the
franchise, decided to pay ¦' a visit of 'in
spection to ¦ proposed - route before
making a report. Captain A. H.Payson,
vice president of the road, explained that
the company ; has lately purchased lands
in the Potrero, - from which * it desires to
remove material: to sflll ,up China .Basin
and its other i properties. To enable the
company to reach with • its rails ; the va
rious industries which are' expected to be
developed on the ¦ improved lands < it will
be » necessary to ' construct . tracks on' In
diana street. : ; C. ; '
Franchise on Indiana Street.
Shipping Intelligence.
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 29— Br stmr Indra
pura, for — .
•¦ EUREKA— Sailed Aue 29— Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco; stmr Alliance, for Portland.
GRAYS, HARBOR— Arrived . Auff\ 29— Stmr
Kpwburg, from PuRet Bound.
UYAK BAY— In . port Aug 10— Bark J D
Peters,' for San Francisco. \ . - '
' SEATTLE— Arrived Aug-*9— Stmr City of Se
attle, ¦ from -Skagruay. "•._• ¦ . ,
-Sailed Aue -28— Stmr Newburgr, for Grays
Harbor. Aus 19— Stmr Diriro, for Skaguay.
. Arrived Aug 29— Bark Albert, from Honolulu.
-TOWNSEND— Passed Aug. 29— Stmr
City of ¦Seattle, from Skaguay, for Seattle.
1 Arrived Aug 29— Bark Albert, from - Hono
lulu. ¦.¦-•...¦-•¦-. ¦-'.-. --.• : -v:- 1 -.' ¦ - ' •¦ .-¦¦ • . ¦.
; Sailed Aug . 29— Stmr Roanoke, for Nome:
echr Annie M ' Campbell, for tilaverry.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 29, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind W. velocity 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
V SPOKEN. " -
Auff 19, Iat 12 N, Ion 41 37 W— Br ship Scot
tish Glens, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
Per stmr Valencia— Stmr Manauense, Aug
25. " 7 p m, . 845 miles W % N Cape Flattery;
reported broked thrust shaft.
. Thursday, . August 29. >
-Stmr Ean Juan, Robinson, Panama and way
ports. • . • ' . ¦ ¦
Stmr National City,. Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Btmr San Juan, Robinson, Panama.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Eureka.
Stmr Cella, Iliggins, .
' Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Ger stmr Neko, Krausa, . Hamburg, etc.
- Ital bark Emilia Clampa, Jaccarlno, Queens
town. ¦
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Thursday, August 29.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etc;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Ban Juan, Robinson, Panama; P M
SS Co.
Ger stmr Neko, Krauss, Hamburg:, etc; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
. * Thursday, August 29.
Stmr Santa. Cruz, Nicholson, 76 hours from
Redondo and way ports.
Stmr Valencia, , Graham, 15 days from Nome,
via Uyak 13 days, via Orca 7 days.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 64 hours from Coos
Bay.
Etmr Gualala, Genercaux, IS houra , from
Usal. - -
Stmr South Portland, -Hall, 67 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 14 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Dlesro. • — ¦
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 22 houra from Monterey,
etc. ¦
US etmr Solace, Wlnslow, 7 days from
Honolulu. •
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, 90 hours from
Oyster Harbor. -
Br stmr Guatemala, Harris, .43 days from
Valparaiso, via Mazatlan 5 days. ' • ••
Ship Glory of the Seas,- Freeman, 12 days
from Comox. .; . .
Bchr Amethyst, Christiansen, 66 houra from
Eureka.
Resources— Bank premises, $1,907,183 95; other
real estate, ' $2,684,703 40; stocks and bonds,
$6,924,886 31; loans on real estate, ($3,924,165 72;
loans on stocks, bonds and warrants, $15,385,
415 22; loans,' on. other securities, $4,33$,4S9 94;
loans on personal security, $23,092,457 66; money
on hand, $11,440,662 56; due from banks and
bankers. $15,842,711 02; other assets, $1,537,134 97;
total resources, $87,074,810 75. Liabilities—Capi
tal paid In coin, $11,269,622 77; reserve fund and
profit and loss, $17,096,604 12; • due depositors,
$50,491,380 06; due banks and bankers, $5,500,
872 02; other liabilities,, $2,716,391 78; : total lia
bilities, $87,074,810 75. . "
Semi- Annual Report- of Bank Com
missioners Shows Great Pros
perity. ¦: , -r
Reports of the financial condition of the
various savings, commercial and national
banks of San -Francisco received by the
Board of Bank' Commissioners yester
day show an increase in deposits, dur
ing the last year which has never before
been equaled In the history of the city.
| The nine city savings banks have on de
posit $127,938,469 49, showing an increase
since August, 1901, of $7,475,54177; the sev
enteen commercial banks . have deposits
of $50,491,380 06, with an increase of $3,383,
380 37, and the live national banks have
deposits of $19,050,399 96, with an increase
of $3,510,784 38. The total amount of-de
posits is $197,480,249 51, and the t6tal gain
during the; year -is $19,361,798 52. -. -.,
iS The semi-annual report of the seventeen
commercial banks is as follows: '
PHENOMENAL INCREASE
IN CITY BANK DEPOSITS
The British steel vessel Baroda is hard
and fast on a Eandy beach nlne v miles
south of Coquille River. The vessel was
bound from Callao for Portland to load
wheat for Europe and last Sunday was
close to her destination. On the 25th Inst.
she was In latitude 42 degrees north, longi
tude 130 degrees west, and on that occa
sion Captain Hays of the St. Paul gave
Captain Marr of the bark his position. It
was very foggy at the time and a strong
current was running. Captain Marr must
have again lost his way and run his ves
sel ashore in the fog. A dispatch to the
Merchants' Exchange states that the crew
was saved, that the sta is smooth at Co
quille and two powerful tugs would stand
a good chance, of saving the vessel.
A later dispatch states that the .vessel
went ashore at l;30 a. m. yesterday. She
struck head on and swung around and is
now -lying with her bow to the sea. Cap
tain Marr has two heavy anchors out on
the' vessel and hopes to save her. Those
who have had experience in the locality
think the vessel will not be saved, how
ever. She is in ballast and It has not
shifted. , "
Captain Pedersen of the collier Tellus
says that for the last two weeks the fog
along the Oregon coast has been very
heavy A lot of smoke is mixed in with
it, which makes matters worse. On his
way north the ! captain says his usual
course is north by west half west, but on
the occasion of his last run he had to
steer north and then the -current wa3 so
strong that he couldn't keep his course.
Coming home he had to stand half a point
in all the way down. This coupled with
fog has made navigation on the coast ex
ceedingly difficult, and Captain Pedersen
thinks the going ashore of the Baroda
was due to these causes.
The local tug companies here will not
send- boats to the wreck, as they say
there are several available in the vicinity.
The Baroda Is 1353 tons net burden and
is a sister ship to the Lucknow that was
here last year. She was built in 1891 by
A. McMullan & Co. of Dumbarton, Scot
land and is owned by W. & J. Crawford
of Greenock. She is 237 feet 5 Inches long,
36 feet 2 inches beam and 21 feet 5 inches
deep. ':.; ''<¦ ->^ : "'-""V,::V-:
While Making for Portland.
Goes Ashore Near Coquille River
BARODA STRANDED.
For Germany — 35.102 ft lumber, E0.729 lbs cas
cara sagrada, 7 bales herbs, 336,321 lbs copra,
23S4 lbs beeswax.
For Peru— 5035 bbls flour, 156,057 ft lumber, 316
gals wine, 427 pkgs pipe and machinery, 500
lbs cheese, 6133 ctls wheat, 60 bbls oil, 22 cs
codflsh, 10 cs canned goods. 11,111 lbs tallow,
3S coils cordage. 140 cs salmon, 192 bdls snooks.
For Chile — 3325 bbls flour, , 65 coils cordage,
6700 lbs lard, 3125 lbs dried fruit. 360 lbs tea,
63 pkgs groceries and provisions, 100 cs pow
der. - *
For Central America— 750 bbls flour, 33,000 lbs
bluestone, 230 lbs tallow, 19 tanks gasoline,
?O0,frals 10 cs wine, 3 tons coal. 6 tons coke,
280 cs powder. 6 cs caps and fuse.
For Ecua'dor— 2972 bbls flour, 2919 gals wine,
65 colls cordage, 6 cs canned goods, 47S lbs
dried fruit, 2543 lbs rice, 13 pkgs groceries and
provisions.
For Mexico— 112S gals wine, 810 bbls flour.^ 18
cs arms and ammunition. 14 cs hardware, 1600
ft lumber. 12 kgs nails, 125 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 10 kgs powder, 5 cs drugs, 5 crs
oniens, 23 crs potatoes, 7 cs paste, 12 cs dry
goods, 2 pkgs paints and oils.
The Kosmos line steamer Neko sailed yester
day for Hamburg: via Central and South Amer
ica with a general cargo valued at $69,547,
manifested and destined as follows: "For Mex
ico, $3300; Central America,' $6045; Ecuador.
$11,213; Peru. $30,610; Chile, $11,682; Germany,
$6397. The following were the principal ship
ments:
Departure of the Kosmos Liner.
379 lbs hops, 8592 lbs dried fruit, 3 cs honey,
14,637 lbs coffee, 21 cs paints and oils, 357 gals
wine, 40 bales bags, 1720 pkgs fruits and vege
tables. 15C0 lbs cheese. 27 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 10 cs fuse, 54,385 lbs malt, 21 cs
canned goods, 107 bxs paste; 200 tins matches,
12 pkgs dry goods, 40 crs potatoes and onions,
469 lbs bread, 83 cs arms and ammunition. 21
cs drug-s. 5 rolls leather, 25 bxs raisins, 66 cs
hardware. 100 cs whisky, 211 lbs ham and
bacon.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with the following: cargo for Brit
ish Columbia, valued at f!3,898:
Merchandise for Brititsh Columbia.
The W. H. llarston and the S. G. Wilder
will load merchandise here for Honolulu; the
W. B. Flint, came for Kahulul; the British
steamer Buckingham, railroad ties at Noyo for
Guayaquil; the Jessie Minor, lumber at Eureka
for Honolulu: the J. A. Campbell, lumber at
B'akeley for Coqulmbo. 35s; the Havila, salmon
at Victoria for United Kingdom, 40s, prior to
arrival; the Glenogle, wheat at Tacoma for
"Europe, 42s 6d; the Melpomene, wheat here for
Europe, 33b; the Marechal de Turenne, same.
3Ss 3d net. All wheat carriers were chartered
prior to arrival.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Sheridan sails to-morrow and will
take away a number of officers and men.
The Sumner is scheduled for September
12 and the Warren for September 16. The
latter will take away about 400 teachers.
The Hancock will follow the Warren on
October 1.
Movements of* Transports.
The Valencia brought down Captain W.
G. Porter of the wrecked whaler Gram
pus'from Nome and twenty-nine Italians
and fifty-six Chinese from Orca. On the
23st inst., at 7 p." m., when 345 miles west
three-quarters north of Flattery, the Brit
ish steamer Manauense, from Vancouver,
B. C, for St. Michael, was spoken with
her thrust shaft broken. Captain Graham
of the Valencia is of the opinion that the
disabled vessel will reach the Sound 'all
right.
••The steam whaler Grampus is a total
loss near Cape Smith," said Captain Por
ter yesterday. "It has been particularly
hard this season in the Arctic and we on
the Grampus got more than our share of
it. We worked our way north from Cape
Hope for a distance of over 300 miles and
on the morning of July 17 I stood to the
eastward and encountered a heavy floe
of solid ice. The next morning the breeze
died out and the northeast current set us
down on the ice pack, then four miles
from Ehore. Eajly in the afternoon of the
ISth a dense fos set in and an hour later
thick ice was encountered.
"I did not like the look of things and
started under steam for the south. - In a
quarter of an hour we ran into great
pieces of ice and soon afterward found
ourselves caught in the pack. The Gram
pus was forced backward by the ice and
went stern first against a big ridge, which
stove in eleven timbers on the port side.
The vessel was still carried along and in
a few minutes she was fast on a sharp
point. We got the steam pumps to work
and all hands to shifting the coal and
supplies from the after hold forward. In
this way we lightened her up aft and got
her going again and finally beached her
two miles north of Refuge Inlet and ten
miles south of Cape Smith.
"Soon after the Grampus was beached
the steam whaler Jeanettte came along
and Captain Newth, our carpenter and
myself held a survey and decided that
the old vessel was unseaworthy. I sold
hull and supplies for the benefit of the
underwriters, C. D. Browers of the Liebes
whaling station and Captain Newth of
the Jeanette paying $1650 for the lot. The
Jeanette took us to Point Hope and from
there the schooner Helen took us to Teller
and the steamer Elk to Nome. Some of
the crew remained In Alaska. Fifth Mate
Paul Miller, Chief Engineer John D. Cer
rick Assistant Engineer Mitchell Johnson
and Carpenter G. C. Dawson came home
with me."
transport Solace. The -Valencia
came from Nome via the canneries, the
Guatemala from South and Central Amer
ican ports and the Solace from Manila via
Guam and Honolulu.
AMONG the numerous vessels to
arrive in port yesterday were the
merchant steamships Valencia
and Guatemala and the navy
Among her cargo is $84,000 In bar silver
and $30,000 in specie. She also carries a
very large consignment of general mer
chandise from Europe, which was tran
shipped at Valparaiso. This, with coffee,
rubber, cocoa and" sugar" from South and
Central American ports, makes up the
most valuable cargo ever brought to San
Francisco by this line.
after the Palena gets away. The cabin
passengers on the Guatemala were:
Juan Coronel, Victor Coppa, Miss Breda
Umland, Mrs. Luisa . Paterson, Mrs. A.
Farnsworth, Mrs. Cora Stanley and Mrs.
Maria Jackett.
The excellence of the programme and
courteous treatment accorded the resi
dents of this city by the employes of the
big circus have been appreciated. Every
performance has had an immense au
dience. It was feared that the strike
would have a bad effect on the attend
ance, but. on the contrary, it has not. The
circus comes once a year, and the children
look forward to a treat that the hardest
hearted parent never falls to give them
The backward dive of Le Fleur, the dar
ing work of the Halloways on the wire
and the wonderful riding of Champion
Rooney were the features of last night's
performance.
The elephants divide the comedy honors
v.ith the clowns. These big beasts' ac
tually work out a farce comedy scene with
a sense of humor that is as amazing aa
It is comical. They march, dance, play
musical instruments and dine, and finally
one of them gets gloriously "full' and is
placed under arrest by another big fel
low, who looks strong- enough to move a
building. The small boy naturally turns
to the downs. There are some thirty or
more, grotesquely busy, to give him his
money's worth. The fellows on stilts
¦were made a target for peanuts and wlttv
pslltes from the irrepressible youngster*
This made more fun for the spectators as
the clowns frequently got back In answers
equally as good as those sent. Every
minute of the time is occupied by excel
lent features from the opening parade to
the closing races, and the circus patrons
find a rare diversion from the worrying
care common to life. ____—-'"
The attendance at Ringling Brothers'
circus is on the Increase. Last night hun
dreds of people were turned away. The
immense tent was tested to its utmost ca
pacity. Even in the afternoon the at
tendance was so large that it was with
diffieu!ty that the spectators could reach
their seats.
People Who Attend Each Per
formance.
Immense Canvas Too Small to Seat
crowds ahe tttkuted
away from the circus
BRITISH STEEL VESSEL BARODA THAT WENT ASHORE NINE MILES BELOW THE MOUTH OF THE CO
QUILLE RIVER YESTERDAY, MORNING. SHE WAS BOUND FROM CALBAO FOR PORTLAND IN BAL
LAST TO LOAD WHEAT FOR EUROPE. . . v - ' * ¦
TACOMA. Aug. 23.— The steamship Glen
ogle, arriving to-day, reports having
epo&en the four-masted British bark Law
hill, Captain J. C. B. Jarvis, in distress
August S, between Hongkong and Moji.
The Lawhill lay on her beam ends in a
trough of the sea with a list of thirty to
thirty-five degrees to starboard," heading
¦westward. Her>"pars aloft were apparent
ly Intact, but were rtripped of sail, those
on the foremast hanging in rags.
After eome difficulty and at great risk,
owjngr to the heavy sea running, the Glen
ogls's port lifeboat was lowered and sent
alongside the distressed vessel in charge
of the* first effieer. ,Captain Jarvis re
ported his ship safe and declined an offer
to tow him to Nagasaki, 210 miles distant,
but asked that the Glenogle's surgeon be
put on board, as the ship's carpenter had
fallen from aloft and was seriously In
jured. Dr. Seeley responded and spent
several hours with the injured man, ren
dering all possible aid. The Glenogle then
proceeded on her way.
The Lawhill, a vessel of 2749 tons/ left
New York February 27 with case oil for
Shanghai and when sighted in distress
vas bound from Shanghai to Kobe with
part of the carg-o of oil. Her crew re
ported that her cargo had shifted during a
typhoon, which tore every sail to ehreds,
listing the vessel so that on August 7 her
yardarms touched the water. She was
drifting at the rate of two miles an hour
and appeared to be in such serious straits
that passengers on the Glenogle wagered
she would never again be heard from.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mr. Leach explained that he had al
lowed Dimmick to pursue his duties from
February 19 until July 31 of this year for
the reason that he had up to the latter
date a doubt us to Dimmick's guilt. Fur
thermore, he nad .given him these months
In which to look for another situation, as
he did not wish by discharging Dimmick
summarily to wreck his reputation and
disgrace him.
"I asked Dimmick for a justification of
these offenses,'' continued Mr. Leach. "I
condemned his methods and told him that
a man who entertained such ideas of pro
priety and honesty in such transactions,
notwithstanding that he might not have
any criminal Intent, could not remain
with me, and he would have to seek some
other position, and that I would give him
two or three months longer to find an
other one. ' I had such implicit confidence
in the man at that time and his plausi
ble stories deceived me to . that extent
that I felt justified in dismissing him In a
manner that would not wreck his reputa
tion or disgrace his family. After I had
occasion to look at the books and found
that he had told me things which were
not in accordance with the record, I let
it go, saying, 'Now we are going to get
rid of this man/ until the matter of the
$30,000 came up. I. wanted to dismiss him
at once, but after a talk with Mint Di
rector Roberts he wanted me to keep
Dimmick in office until we were through
with the Investigation."
The further hearing was" continued until
next Tuesday at 10 a." m. ';>
Doubted Chief Clerk's Guilt.
Superintendent Leach of the Mint was
on the ¦ -witness :' stand . in- United States
Commissioner Heacock's court the 'whole
of yesterday afternoon under searching
cross-examination : by George D. Collins,
counsel for Walter N: Dlmmlck. 1 The
attorney was inquiring closely as
to /the , manner -of exchanging old
lead for bluestone , " between the
Mint officials and the Selby Smelting
and Lead Works.' Mr. Leach explained
that he had not thought it worth while to
keep a book or a set of books for these
transactions. The bills and other vouch
ers, he said, were kept in envelopes, and
these were indexed.
¦The witness called attention to one
transaction of the date of December 30,
1899, on which date DfmmicU collected
$362 47 from the Selby people for sales, and
he did not enter the transaction until
January, 1900, several days later. ¦ This al
lowed him to carry the " money " into the
next quarter. It should have been paid
hy Dimmick into the Sub-Treasury on De
cember 31, the last day of the quarter.
The proper depository for all such moneys
until the end of .the quarter was the office
safe, which was equally accessible to
Dimmick, the witness, his private secre
tary, the bookkeeper, Mr. Symmes, and
the bank messenger. In that safe were also
kept the duplicate combination- of all the
vaults in the Mint. Dimmick kept a pri
vate box In'the safe there, and so did the
witness. He could not remember ever hav
ing seen any money in the 1 safe, but he
had so much confidence in Dimmick that
he left the matter to him entirely. After
February 19, 1901, on which date the wit
ness began to doubt Mr. Dimmick' a dis
cretion, the witness issued an order that
all moneys received for sales of by pro
ducts of the Mint should be sent immedi
ately upon receipt to the United States
Sub-Treasury by. the bank messenger On
July .31, 1901, Leach delivered a note to
Dimmick, ordering him to hand over his
keys and other official effects to B. W.
Day pending investigation into the short
age in the cashier's accounts.
" Dimmick's Duty to Count Coin.
"That shortage was in the cashier's ac
count?" asked Mr. Collins. -
VYes," replied Mr. Leach.
"Who was the cashier?"
"W. K. Cole."
"That shortage of $30,000 was not in the
accounts of Dimmick?"
"No; not that I know of." /
. "That money was not under the custody
and control of Dimmick?" - . •
"Well, it was his duty to count it."
Then Mr. Leach went on to tell how, on
'Friday, June 28, the' evening before the
discovery of the 530,000 shortage, he was
requested by Dimmick to go with him into
the cashier's vault and count the con
tents. " •
"Was not that an extraordinary re
quest?" asked Mr. Collins. ¦ "*
"Yes; it was a very extraordinary re
quest," responded the witness. -
"And you didn't ask him for any expla
nation?"
"No, sir."
"We stepped into the vault and he made
the remark thai there was so much money
on the racks. I counted the racks and
said 'Yes,', and he then looked at the
piles in the vault and said 'There is so
much here,' but I could not count whether
there was or not. Then 'he proceeded to
count the other piles there."
.At this stage of the inquiry United
States Attorney Wood-worth came -to the
rescue of the witness with the objection
that the matter ftad nothing whatever to
do with the charges under investigation,
and Judge Heacock sustained the objec
tion. . .
Rescuers Run Alongside, but
\ Their Services Are
Declined.
Giving Him Five .Months
to Look Jfori Another
• Position.
Leniency Due to Disinclina
tion to Wreck Clerk's •:
Reputation.
Large British Bark on
Beam Ends When
Sighted.
Vessel Gets Caught in Ice Pack and Eleven Planks on
Her Port Quarter Are Crushed.
LEACH NARRATES
DIMMICK'S FALL
SHIP BATTLES
WITH TEMPEST
CREW OF THE WRECKED WHALER
GRAMPUS ARRIVE ON VALENCIA
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 1901.
7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Mandalay....
Pomona
Palena
Mariposa
Eureka.......
Santa Rosa..
Arcata
San Pedro
Point Arena..
Walla Walla.
Rainier.......
Coronado
AnRrnut 3O.
CoqulUe River . . . . |
Humboldt
Anffust 31.
Valparaiso & Way,
Honolulu .....'.
September 1.
Humboldt
San Diego & Way..
September 2.
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt
Point Arena '.;¦:....
September 3.
Puget Sound Ports
Puget ¦ Sound Ports
Grays Harbor
September 4.
Valparaiso & Way
Redondo & Way...
China & Japan
September 5.
Nome & St Michael
Humboldt ..:
September 7.
Puget Sound Ports
Mexican Ports ....
Panama & Way.
5 pm
1:30 p
12 m
2 pm
9 am
9 am
12 m
10 am
2 pm
11am
Pier —
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier j 7
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
i
Guatemala...
Corona:..
H^k'g Maru..
12 m
9 am
1 pm
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
St. Paul
North Fork...
2 pm
9 am
Pier —
Pier 2
Umatllla
Curacao
San Jose
11 am
10 am
12 m
Pier 9
Pier 11
PMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Al-Ki ;.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 31
Santa Ana..... Nome & St. Michael Au* 11
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports' Sent" "
Humboldt...... Skaguay & Way Ports' Sent' 3
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports Sebt 4
Farallon........ Skaguay A .Way Ports! Sept. 5
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 5
Dolphin... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Queen Skaguay &-Way Ports.lSept 7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 30
Point Arena... Point 'Arena" Aug. 30
Eureka '.. Humboldt Aug. 30
Matteawan Tacoma. |Aug. 31
Bristol Comox Sept. 1
Horda.. ........ Oyster Harbor Sept. 1
North Fork."... Humboldt .............. Sept. 1
Curacao........ Mexican Ports Sept. 1
Serapis Hamburg & "Way Ports Sept. 1
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Sept. 1
Pomona Humboldt Sept 2
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Sept. 3
Australia Tahiti ; Sept. 3
China China and Japan Sept. 3
Newport .... Panama & Way Ports. Bept 3
Mackinaw Seattle Sept. 3
Milton ...'. Nanaimo |Sept. 4
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.jSept. .5
Date
'A' I
30 ...
31 ...
1 ...
2 .;.
3 •.:.
4;..
6 :..
iTImel
L W
:5:24
H W
,0:01
0:66
1:56
2:59
4:11
5:29
Tim© •¦7,
Ft. Ft.
/.'. H W • .
.0.2 12:00 ,6.4
6.5 6:05 0.6
5.3 : 6:46 1:0
5.0 7:30 : 1.5
¦4.7 8:11 2.0
• 4.4 9:06 2.5
•4.2 10:09 8.8
Time - Time
Ft. Ft.
—L __ H W
- 5:41 1.0 ...... ..."•
H W * L w
12:35 .6.5 6:30 /0.7
J.-jO 5.6 7:20 0.5
1:52 5.7 8:16 0.3
2:33 "5.7 9:20 0.2
3:28 B.7 10:30 0.2
4:26|. 6.6|-ll:41 % 0.1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 30
Point Arena... Point 'Arena" Aug. 30
Eureka '.. Humboldt Aug. 30
Matteawan Tacoma. |Aug. 31
Bristol Comox Sept. 1
Horda.. ........ Oyster Harbor Sept. 1
North Fork."... Humboldt .............. Sept. 1
Curacao........ Mexican Ports Sept. 1
Serapis Hamburg & "Way Ports Sept. 1
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Sept. 1
Pomona Humboldt Sept 2
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Sept. 3
Australia Tahiti ; Sept. 3
China China and Japan Sept. 3
Newport .... Panama & Way Ports. Bept 3
Mackinaw Seattle Sept. 3
Milton ...'. Nanaimo |Sept. 4
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.jSept. .5
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Mandalay....
Pomona
Palena
Mariposa
Eureka.......
Santa Rosa..
Arcata
San Pedro
Point Arena..
Walla Walla.
Rainier.......
Coronado
AnRrnut 3O.
CoqulUe River . . . . |
Humboldt
Anffust 31.
Valparaiso & Way,
Honolulu .....'.
September 1.
Humboldt
San Diego & Way..
September 2.
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt
Point Arena '.;¦:....
September 3.
Puget Sound Ports
Puget ¦ Sound Ports
Grays Harbor
September 4.
Valparaiso & Way
Redondo & Way...
China & Japan
September 5.
Nome & St Michael
Humboldt ..:
September 7.
Puget Sound Ports
Mexican Ports ....
Panama & Way.
5 pm
1:30 p
12 m
2 pm
9 am
9 am
12 m
10 am
2 pm
11am
Pier —
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier j 7
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
i
Guatemala...
Corona:..
H^k'g Maru..
12 m
9 am
1 pm
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
St. Paul
North Fork...
2 pm
9 am
Pier —
Pier 2
Umatllla
Curacao
San Jose
11 am
10 am
12 m
Pier 9
Pier 11
PMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Al-Ki ;.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 31
Santa Ana..... Nome & St. Michael Au* 11
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports' Sent" "
Humboldt...... Skaguay & Way Ports' Sent' 3
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports Sebt 4
Farallon........ Skaguay A .Way Ports! Sept. 5
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 5
Dolphin... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Queen Skaguay &-Way Ports.lSept 7
Date
'A' I
30 ...
31 ...
1 ...
2 .;.
3 •.:.
4;..
6 :..
iTImel
L W
:5:24
H W
,0:01
0:66
1:56
2:59
4:11
5:29
Tim© •¦7,
Ft. Ft.
/.'. H W • .
.0.2 12:00 ,6.4
6.5 6:05 0.6
5.3 : 6:46 1:0
5.0 7:30 : 1.5
¦4.7 8:11 2.0
• 4.4 9:06 2.5
•4.2 10:09 8.8
Time - Time
Ft. Ft.
—L __ H W
- 5:41 1.0 ...... ..."•
H W * L w
12:35 .6.5 6:30 /0.7
J.-jO 5.6 7:20 0.5
1:52 5.7 8:16 0.3
2:33 "5.7 9:20 0.2
3:28 B.7 10:30 0.2
4:26|. 6.6|-ll:41 % 0.1
SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON. MASS.
Mel 1 i n ' s Fo od ch i 1 d r en
represent perfect and
healthy childhood. Mellin's
Food will give your baby
health, strength and a good
development.
B BSb ¦ BkI U urSj H fta3 InB
AMUSEMENTS.
tf*m B IH SSI B A m fhasksco'j
vUiLUi¥SJS>jlM LEADING THEATRE
LAST 2 NIGHTS; MATINEE TO-MORROW!
DANIEL FROHMAN'S CO.
With HILDA SPONG.
First time here of the Madlson-Squara Theater
(N. Y.) Comedy Success,
WHEELS WITHIN WHEELS.
By R. C. CARTON.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY -
CHARLES FROHMAN will present '
ANNIE: RUSSELL
In R. Marshall's Comedy of Romance,'
A ROYAL FAMILY.
' SEATS NOW SELLING!
CDCPIAI T NOTICE TO FIRST
OrLUlAL ! NIGHT SUBSCRIBERS
SUBSCRIBERS MUST CALL FOR
THEIR OPENING NIGHT TICKETS
NO LATER THAN SATURDAY PRE-
CEDING THE OPENING DATE. ON
THE FOLLOWING MONDAY MORNING ,
ALL UNCALLED-FOR SUBSCRIBERS'
TICKETS WILL BE PLACED ON SALE
30 VAUDEVILLE~CELEBRITIES!
NOVELTIES TO BURN!
LUCILLE SAUNDERS. THE GREAT POW-
- ELL AND HIS COMPANY. THE CRAGG
F\MILY, AND THE BIOGRAPH.
LAST TIMES OF RICHARD JOSE. THE
FOUR OTTS. LEFEBRE'S SAXOPHONE
QUARTET. REMARC AND RILAY.
" LOUISE THORNDYKB BOUCICAULT
AND COMPANY.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, BOc.
special! matinee monday, labor •
. • day; . - .
~—~~. : ' ~v
Evenings at 8 Sharp. Matinee at 2 Sharp.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY.
....IL TROVATORE......
• ' Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee,
LAST TIMES OF
THE GREAT PRODUCTION of the SEASON!
—BOITO'S-
......MEFISTOFELE......
NEXT WEEK..... "NORM A" and "MIGNQN"
POPULAR PRICES... 25c, BOc and 75c
. -¦ . Telephone Bush 9. ;
7 ' EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MR. JAMBS AND THE
If £W 1 AW;W COMPANY.
Presenting the Clever, ' Lovely, Charming Com-
"ROSEMARY."
Evening......... 23c. 35c, 50c, 75c. JLOO
Saturday Matinee 23c, BOc, 75c
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAYS.
, 25c and 50c :
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT!" 1 .-,'''
The Brilliant Society Drama,
"J\N IDe/*L HUSBAND,"'
By Oscar Wilde. .
SEATS NOW READY t
BjEJbaSCO A"»TriALL'S^vjtfjjgZ
TO-NIGHT, Every Evening* This . Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY. -
Magnificent Revival of the Great Melodrama,
THE ¦
...TWO. ORPHANS...
Great Cast— Annette Marshall aa Henrietta.
PDirEC Evenings 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
f flltCJ Matinees......... ....10c. 15c. 25c
P * . NEXT TUESDAY EVENING. ;
Inltal Production of Edward Eisner's Biblical
"A VOICE FROJrf HE WILDERNESS."
This Theater ¦will be closed next Monday ev'g.
CHUTES AND_Z00 &£&&.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
DARKTOWN CAKEWALK.
ALL COLORED CONTESTANTS.
' / v Telephone . for " Seats— Park 28." .
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY AT 3:15 P.M
SUNDAY ATT_2:30 P. M.>
¦ RECREATION F*ARK,\
Kighth and Harrison . atreeta. *
FISHHRR'S concert house.
r lO^/Il Jin O Admission ICc.
¦? The ' Paloma Quartet. Marietta .' Worth and
Co., - Joe Edmunds, , Fannie • Raymond. Camella
and Amelita. P." A. % Dunsworth, Coleman and
Mexls and Hlnrlchs' Orchestrti.- ' , •
-i Reserved ; Seats.'; 25c. Matinee '. Sunday.
-SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.V.
• Open ¦ daily . from ,7a.' m. : . to 11 ' p. ra.
, ¦ - Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p.m.'— •.¦>
ADMISSION, 10c. ¦ CHILDREN, Be
Bathing, Including edmlslson, 25c Children. 20c.
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
Mrs. Mary Gregmich, of Philipsburg,
Montana, under date of Nov. 26, 1S33,
•writes: "I had typhoid fever this sum-
mer, consequently was losing my hair ter-
ribly, and m^head in places was perfect-
ly bald. Xewbro's Herpiclde had just
come Into use in Philipsburg, and the
doctor strongly recommended it to me.
After 3 or 4 applications my hair stopped
falling out, and is coming in again «juite
thick. I us<?d to b« troubled greatly
with dandruff, of which I am now qufio
cured." Kill the dandruff germ with
Herpicide. •
She Was Cured of Dandruff.
Of Philipsburg:, Montana, Tells How
MHS. MARY GBEGOVTCH
&Jr FAYORBTE
pESCRIPTION
K FOR WEAK WOMEN.
§VIM, \1GOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Pewer. NUrnt Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. EMI Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unntnes* to Msr-
tr. Loss cf Season. ~- Varicocele or Con-
F-'natlon S">P Ker*^ ¦ 3 vous Tvntcbinjr of
Ev?fjd». Effects *re~Z J^lmmedUte. Im-
part visor and pot* CCWTS n er to every func-
ticn. Dcn't ret a cure is at hand.
n»«tore «mall. nrdeveloped organs. SUmulate
the brain a.nj nerve centers; 60c a box; < for
t? 6C by mail. A written guarantee to curs or
money refunded with C boxes. Circulars free.
A4<JnU. BISHOP UEMEDT CO., 40 Ellis stj.
Ban Francieco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. a
and 40 Third at. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
* '
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
The World's Most Wonderful Love Story.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
And WHITE WHITTLESET "to
Romeo and Juliet.
SUPERBLY MOUNTED.
ELEGANTLY COSTUMED.
POWERFUL CAST.
NEXT WEEK... "IXGOJIAR"
MATINKE TO-MORROW AND SUXDAT.
FAREWELL NIGHTS OF
DANIEL FRAWLEY AND COMPANY
PRESENTIN(3 •
Lord and Lady Algy
A Comedy In 3 Acts, by R. C. Carton.
POPULAR PRICES-lOc, 13c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, %O.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
• — NEXT "WEEK! ¦'i'^~*
JOSEPB HAWORTH in "ROSEDALE."
EXHIBITION OR0UND3, TOLSOX AND 10TB STS.
....TO-DAY....
Thia 'afternoon at 2, to-r.ieht at 8. and everr
afternoon and night until Sept. 1 Inc. Doo:s
open at 1 and 7 p. m.
RINGLING BROS.'
new, pIDPilO
big ulnuuui
Biggest, Grandest and Most Complete Arenla
Exhibition on Earth!
(ETGeneral admission, 60c; children under 31
years, half price. Reserved numbered sens
and admissions during the entire engagement
at Sherman, Clay & Co."s music wareroom>. t
cor. Kearny on1 Setter "sts., at exactly tiia
nine price as cliaiged at regular ticket wa-
gons on show grounds.
N .
(settle B nd »DWB- i Sj mi .
Dairy Contests, 'i
.-•-%£$\0tf RATES >OA Vlsl^
— Gccrried Free^ °v
fop part i c u) a rs WritE;
CeoWacrson, ;AB.|precke*
PRMI0CNT.7
FOR MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP
KID CARTER ys. GEORGE GARDNER
» ROUNDS!—
KID McFADDEN vs. TOM HERMAfl.
• — —is rounds:— —
FRIDAY EVENING. August 30.
- . MECHANICS' PAVILJOX.
I . f • - ........... . , -
PALACE
. _!_. These hotels possess
AND th ® attributes that tour-
., fats and travelers ap-
CRAN1V predate— central locm-
Ul>AI11l tion, liberal manajre-
MATPT C ment. modern appoint-
liUlELZj, msnts and perfect cui-
sine.
Sa n American and Euro*
- ¦ j pean plans.
Francisco.
8 S HEI d« 51 rf B TsJi
Hal t§ rls3 ¥a «8 B t£3Q a
AA/. T, HESS,
H0TART PUBLIC AND ATT0BNBT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckel* Bl4f .
Telephone ; Main 983. -
Kesldence. sn California st., below PowelL
.Besldence Telephone James WU%
Pleasant
Hours
t Swiftly nying^-
Tb.ose spent on. tho
California Limited
as it rushes and races
£ across the country from
I San Francisco to Chlcagt)
Leaves San Francisco at
i 9 a. xn. every Monday
j and Thursday on the
Santa FeOn -. the Produce ' Exchange to-day . the - Butter
Provisions.
. Previous prfces ¦ rule, with a" fair demand. , "
'Ct:RED MEATS— Bacon/ 12c per lb tor heavy.'"
12%c for light medium. -13%c for light., 14%c for
Articles— .- ' .: ; , •: Receipts. • Shipments;
Flour, barrels 22,000 ;¦ ¦ ~ 15,000
Wheat, bushels;..'........ 249,000 ' - 148 000
Corn.' bushels .... ..."..::. .T..:. 221.000 ' - 533,000
Oats, bushels ......................326.00 . 630,000
Rye, 1 bushels ....:........;...: 56,000 V '65,000
Barley," bushels ' ..:.:.'.r.:?.-;T.''.....:\ r'j I'-;. ;r." :
Hollleter— Apples doing well; codlln moth not
60 bad as last year.
Hanford— Early peaches are all picked.
Ban Jose— Fog till 10:30; prune drying all
over in the valley.
Total salea ....292,900
",This i. market ¦; was ;' a ; fraction :; lowerh both on
call and in the . shipping . market.' 'The Produce
f 1 Chicago i opened ,;dull \ and , easy > and ',; fell ,• oft
slightly. Higher ocean frelghts'for distant load
ing checked any advance. • The, spot demand was
good,\; but : all 7 rallies ; at f i once;- started ¦ selling.
Receipts " increased : in "> the " Northwest ; and : de
creased - in : the ', Southwest. : j. Minneapolis stocks
were : expected ; to show a" decrease ' for. the week
of about 200.000 bushels.":. Large dealers and mil
lers in ; Minneapolis | are working j around to ; the
opinion that the | Northwestern | crop and j reserve
together, will be no. larger., than a year ago. >•/.•;..'. :
., WHE AT— Liverpool r futures ..were lower. Paris
showed little change. IflliffiJrtHffiB^Biy^flSfti
Wheat: and 'Other Grains:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67%@68%c-
No. 2 red,'70%c; No. 2 corn/ 54%@54%c; No 2
yellow, 54%@55Ucj No. 2ioats, 34%(f?>35c; No : 2
white. 36%®37Uc; No. 3 white. 36@37%c; No : "
rye. 54%@53c: fair to choice malting -barley 57
©62c; No. 1 flaxseed, $144; No. 1 Northwestern
$148;. prime timothy seed, $5 45; mess pork ..per
barrel, $14 30@14 35 ; lard, per 100 pounds '-. $8 83
«iS 87%; short ribs sides (loose). $8 20@8 35-;dn
salted shoulders (boxed);: 7U@7%c; short . clear
sides (boxed), $8 90£?9 ; ¦ whisky, % basis of • high
wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade, r $9 73@9 85
Cash ¦ quotations -were as . follows
Sterling 'Cables ..................... — : 4 8S%
New j York ¦ Exchange, sight —>"¦'. 10::
New ¦ York Exchange.'- telegraphic — ¦ ; , • v 12%
Silver, per ounce ». — • bs»,4
Mexican Dollars,* nominal........ 47 : @ 47%
Sterling" Exchange," 60 days....... —
Sterling Exchange, sight —
Exchange t and Bullion.
Previous " conditions ¦ prevail in this niarket.
There, is no dlmlnut'on In the * demand for
f rulte for Eastern shipment. , lu<
* FRUITS— Apricots, MjjilOc for Royals and 80
14%c for'standard' to -fancy .Moorparks; E^-apo-
. rated 'Apples.. 7%@8%c:-sun dried. 4®4\{c;
Peaches; 6@Sc: Pears. 5%@9c; Plums, pitted 4
@5%c; : unpitted,M(g2c: Nectarines. 6@6%c for
red and 6@S%c for white: Figs/ 3%c for black.
,*' PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by I the Asso
ciation ion -the basis of- 3%c for the four sizes.
Some sales of new crop on the basis of 3Vi@3V4c
are Ibsing made. .'•¦¦::. ¦¦,.¦'
: RAISINS— Are cleaned I up i and nominal.- '-
NUTS— Walnuts. No. - 1 softshell. 12@12%c;
No.<2.' 8@8%c; No. ;1 hardshell,. 10@10%c: No. 2.
6%@7%c;. Almonds. .13«il4ci. for paperKhell. 10®
lie 1 for ! softshell .- and : 5@6c : for : hardshell ; Pea
nuts,' 5@7c for Eastern;, Brazil Nuts. 12@}2%c:
Filberts,' 12@12%c; * Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
%i 5C@5. '¦., ¦¦ .T\v* ¦-¦••¦ ¦'¦,-• ¦ . . . . .-.- .
'* HONEY— Comb. ¦ 12C?12%c . for bright . and - 1C?J>
12c for light. amber; water white -extracted. 5Vi
@6c; .light ; amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark. ¦ 4@
4uc. •.<^w,-s-: t -ii!-;,_,-:.»> ! , '¦/¦¦ ¦ ¦¦-•. - --cy
: ;: BEESWAX-25@2Sc • per r lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisms.
Articles— Open., High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— /
September ......... 69^ 69i,i ' 68% 68%
December ...71% .71% 71 ' • ¦ 71V4
May 75% - 75?4 74% . 75 -
Corn No. 2—
September ......... 53T4 54^ .. 53Vi ' hV/-.
December 66'.4- 67% 65% .66%
May •••;•••••• ¦. 68%'- 69U. 58% 5S%
' Oats No. 2— . . . ' • . ¦ ¦ . : r •- -
September.. :. 33% 33% 33* " 33V«
December 33% . 35% 35 35%
Ma/ — ••••••• • 37% 37% . 37H_ 37%
Mess Pork,- per barrel— ¦ . •
September ..11 15 14 30 . 14 15 14 27V4
October :....'. '....'.. 14 23 .¦ ¦ 14 40 14 25 14 40."
January .r.. ;...15 35 15 53 15 35 15 37%
Lard, • per 100 pounds— ... 1
September :. .8 85 , 8 87% 8 85 8 85
October .....8 90 : S 92% ' 8 90 "¦ 8 92%
January ,.....;..... 8 75/ 8 83 ' S 73 8 SO .
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — . : . - •-;
September ...8 30 8 35 8 27%-^8 30 :
October ............ 8 40 v 8 43 : ' ; S 37% ¦ % 40 ...
January ..;:...'.': 7 85 7 92% • 7 85 .." 7 90-'
Southern California— Fair Friday, except
clcudy and foggy along the coast in the morn
• ing; light west wind. *.* .-;
Nevada— Fair Friday; fresh west wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and foggy-
Friday, probably clearing in the afternoon
fresh southwest wind. G. H. WILLSOX,
Local Forecast Official.
Temporarily. In Charge.
Partly clouay weather prevails over the Pa
ciflc Slope, and lieht showers have fallen in
A-lzona. An area of high pressure ¦ is central
off the Pacific Coast, while the lowest pressure
i* lepcitpfl Horn 'Arizona and Southern Nevada
The Cbwip* it. both pressure and tempera
ture havr been slight In all districts. In the
valleys of California the temperature is slightly
lx-low the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. August 30, 1S01:
Northern California— Fair .' Friday, except
cluody and foggy along the coast; fresh toutft
west wind.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND ' GENERAL
LONDON. Aug. ' 29.— Consols, 94 7-16; silver,
27d; French rentes. ¦ lOlf 60c ;¦ wheat : cargoes .on
passage, ;buyers: .indifferent - operators; No." : 1
standard California, 29s 3d;- Walla Walla, 28s
9d; English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, . Aug. : 29.— Wheat, quiet : No. 1
standard California, 5s ll%d@6s lV4d: wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firmer; weather In England
partly cloudy; - • ¦ ¦
: COTTON— Uplands,' 6d.
Foreign Markets.
Temperature— 7 a. m., £2 degrees.
Portland's: Business.
PORTLAND. Aug. " 29.— Clearings, $307,088;
balances, $42,289. . : " ' . ' :'
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 29.— Wheat lc lower; blue-
Stem,' 57c; club, ,56c. -. - - ..'¦,'¦.'..¦
OREGON.-. .•
PORTLAND, - Aug. 29.— Walla Walls, E6@
56%c; bluestem, ; . 57 t / 4@58c; ' valley, ' 57V2C,
-The total shipments of wheat from this port
for the week ending . to-day : (flour : included)
were 3CO.45O bushels.'. -. .
Northern' Wheat Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— Disappointment at the
previous failure of the market to respond to
¦heavy exsorts and : decreasing visible supply,
together with a lack of outside support, wheat
opened a trifle easier. Trading was light and"
largely for local account, considerable of it be
ing in the way, of closing up , deals, over the
coming holidays. Corn exerted • a powerful in
fluence over wheat and prevented any gainHn
values. December opened a shade to %c lower
at 71%.@71%c. Covering, by shorts advanced
the price to' 7isic, but weakness in corn'
caused a reaction to 71@71%c. The close was
%@%c lower at 71^@71%c.
Liberal receipts, disappointing demand and
the gradual liquidation of September, the un
favorable conditions which have caused a
weak tendency in corn for the past ten days
wjre still noticeable again to-day, and the re
6ult was a declining market. December clos^d
with a loss of ?i©VzC at 56%c.
. Oats opened steady, and. fluctuations were
witnin se narrow limit. December closed %@
Uc lower at 35@3o»ic. ' - -.
Provisions opened lower, ' with prices ' un
changed, and dullness 'continued' throughout
the entire session.' January pork' closed 2V4o
higher, lard 5c higher and ribs 2^c up. - .
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
THE COAST RECORD.
r: CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 50@4; Lemons.
$1@1 25 for common. and $2 50® 3 50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$3 5O@4; Bananas, $l@2 per bunch; Pineapples.
$1 50®:: per dozen. . - - .
GRAPES— Fontainebleau and Sweetwater. 40
@75c per box and crate; Tokay. 40©75c per box;
Muscat, 40@75c; Seedless, 85c@$l; t Black, - 30®
75c;- Isabella, $1@1 25; Wins Grapes.. $2j per
ten for Zinfandel. gfe»ajKi 'fmnaMtami^sO
• > MELONS— Nutmegs, 10@40c per box; Canta
loupes,'25(& 50c per crate; Watermelons, $3(&20
per 100. • . . •. ..-'¦.- ¦ ¦ ¦ . . . .-¦ .
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No. 1."
cO©90c for No. 2 and $30040 per ton; other
Pears,' 2oK50c per box. -•
QUINCES— S0rt?:63e per bcx '
. . STRAWBERRIES— «6 per 'chest for Long
worths and $3®5 for large berries. *• :•.-
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest/AW^
LOGAN BERRIES— Per chest, . .
RASPBERRIES— $6@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7(38c per lb. -
FIGS— Black, 60(g 85c for double layer boxes;
While, 40(3750.
PEACHES— 3p(ff50c per box and $20030 per ton
for frees and $33@45 for Clings; Peaches in car
riers, 50(g«5c, according to size of carrier:
Mountain Peaches. G0(fi7Ec per box I
NECTARINES— White. 2o® 40c per box; Red,
40@75c. ' • •
PLUMS— 2u@6oc per box; Prunes, 35@75c per
crate; .Washington • Gages, JIM uer . ton • h,s>i
Plums, $15(320 per-ton. '
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 3a(365c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 60<3>75c per box, according to
package. . ¦ .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
There is no particular change In Pears
Peache3 and Plums, . except that the cocl
weather has a tendency to check the demand
for the, latter. Still, a good Prune will bring
previous prices, especially If It Is In fit condi
tion to chip. =Thfi other fruits are featureless.
Watermelons, .. Cantaloupes and Nutmegs
continue to drag, owing to the cool foggy
weather. Grapes are quiet from the sam
cause. ¦-¦; ;-; r ¦ ¦ • : ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
fl2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 28, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, IS; Mount Tamalpais, 70; Inde
pendence, €4; Red Bluff. SS; Fresno. 98; Los
Angeles, 80; Sacramento. 78; San Luis Obispo,
74: San Diego. 68. ¦ -» ¦¦.-.:
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern cities:
Boston. 72-62- Cincinnati, 86-72; Jacksonville.
58-72; Kansas City. 94-74: Philadelphia, 82-64;
Washington. SO-GO; New York. 80-68.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E6: minimum, 51; mean, 54.
Weather Report.
New York Cotton Market.
¦ NEW YORK.' Aug. 29.— The market for cotton
futures ¦ opened firm, with prices' 5@7 points
higher and continued to advance after the call
on very active room and outside buying, scarci
ty of sellers and -a superabundance: of bullish
news from domestic and foreign sources. Thtf
market was finally steady, with prices net 21@
25; points; higher. , . • • .
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— The information re
ceived from London - on- tin this morning was
of a very bullish average. Indicating an ad
vance of £1 15s,' with a firm tone, so that spot
closed at £117 17s 6d and futures at £114 10s
Locally a sympathetic rise occurred without
stimulating demand of any account. The close
was firm . at $25 90!jy26 for spot. Copper con
tinues nominally unchanged, with spot quoted
at £66 10s and futures £66 lSs.9d. Lead was
dull at' $4 37%.- .London prices : advanced Is 3d
to £11 15s. . Spelter, was quiet and unchanged
at home and abroad,- closing at $4 and £17
respectively, . Domestic iron markets ruled fea
tureless and nominally unchanged.- Pigiron
warrants, 9@10e; No. 1 foundry," Northern,
$15@15 50;-, No. 1 foundry. Southern, $14014 50-
No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $14 75@15 25.
Glasgow, warrants closed at :03s 5d and Mld
dlesboro closed at 44a lO^d.
New 'York Metal Market.
Dealers continue to report an easy feeling in
medium and lower grade Butter in consequence
of the large arrivals by the Mandalay, but the
best creameries are holding up all right Therp
is no change in Cheese. ¦ '
Eggs are reported very steady, with mod
erate stocks, though the comparatively hl-h
prices have cut down the demand more or less
Receipts were 26,700 pounds of Butter 571
cases of Eggs,- 473 cases of Eastern Eggs 17 100
pounds of California Cheese and 24,000- pounds
of Eastern Cheese. . - . - . .
BUTTER-Creamery. 26@27c per lb for fancy
and 25c for seconds; dairy. lS@24c; store But
ter, 15(&17%c 'per lb; Creamery Tub lS'ii'Uc-
Pickled Roll, 17@19c: Keg. 16©1Sc jier lb
CHEESE-New. lie; old. nominal; Young
America. lH4c per lb; Eastern, I3@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, • 25{i28c for : good to fancy
store, 17@22'/4c per dozen; Eastern, 16@21c
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
; '.- ; ¦ Morning Session.
20 Hana Plantation Co :.......'. $ pi
130 Hana Plantation Co '" goo
200 Honokaa • S Co »> wi
¦ 70 Hutchinson S P Co " {1 £j
73 Makaweli .."". « w
" 5 Oceanic S Co ....;. — j....-.:.\, .... 49 gQ
5 Oceanic S Co ...:.:..'.... 39 *>u
50 Oeeanio.-S Co, s 90.. .-. 33 w '
50 Onomea . Sugar Co <jm
75 Paauhau S P Co M IrS : .
210 Paauhau>S P Co. : jj 50 -
- 1 Spring Valley, Water y> v
$10,000 Spring Val 4s bonds <2d mtge)....lO3 W
100 Vlgorit Powder Co.... ..'... . 4 00
Afternoon ', Session.
25 Hana Plantation ; Co g
- 50 Honokaa S Co „. 13 n?
£0 Honokaa S Co'.:.....:.. 13 5»
: 110 Hutchinson . S P . Co :..„.-.* 1473
SO Hutchinson; S P-Co..: ,.\ 13 (>0
-25 Hutchinson S P Co.. ...'*........;.¦.... 13 15
50 Hutchinson S^P Co..s 90.. 13 2o
25 Hutchinson SP Co..: ..¦....;.... 1530
"25 Hutchinscn S P A Co. s 9O..r.'... ..; 16 00
Alaska Pack.. 130H 131% Oceanic S Co 37% tiu.
Cal Fruit Can. 95 97& Pac Aux F A 2> —
Cal Wine Asn. — — Pac C Borax — —
Mer Ex ......110 —, Par Paint ...IS —
Bid. Ask. I , ;;: Bid Ask
4s quar coup... 113 imj 4s quar (new).137 133 1
4s quar reg 113 113% 1 3a quar coup..l08 3 4103
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 107 — Oceanic SS 5s. — 103
Cal-st 5s ...116% — Omnibus C 6s. 131
C C Water 5s. 107% — 1 Pac G Imp 4s. 98 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2St£133Vi Pk & Cl H 6s.lO8 112V'.
Fer & Cl R 6s. - - Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st os.... — — Powll-st R 6s.. 120
,H C & S SHS.106U'— Sac E G R 5s. 95 _
Do 5s.... — — S F & SJV os.122 124&
Los Ang R 5S.116U — Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s.l01»4 — S P ot A 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) ... \\»
Do gntd 5s.. 102 — (1910) 113U —
L A & Pac 5s.lO2Vi — S P of C 63
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1905). Ser A. 109 HO
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l2S 123 (1905), Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m.. 3s. 121% — {1906) ....' 112?i
Nev C N G 7S.103 114 (1S12) :...121»i —
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — S P ot Cal 1st
Do as ....120%122 c gntd 5s.... .107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. .101^4 — SPBr Cal 6s.l36 —
Do 5s 106 106V4 S V Water 6a.H4Vlll3il
Nor Cal R os..lll — Do 4s 103 _¦
Oak Gas 5s... .113 — t Do 4a 3d m..l01vi
Do Trans 6s. 119^120 * Stktri Gas 6s.. 104 —
Do Water 5s. — 1C3
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77 7S I Port Costa 60 63
Marin County. 53 — | Spring Valley. S6^ 87
GAS AND ELECTRIC. . -<
Cent L & P.. 4 5 Pac Light' ... —\n
Equitable -4% 5V a Sacramento ...
Mutual — 5*4 S F G & E... 39% '43
Oakland 51VJ 52 San Francisco. 4'i 4U
Pac Gaa Imp. — 49 Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 I 1
;-r :;;•¦: BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — 81 L P & A 153 ira
California ....402^404 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 _
Cal Safe Dep.lOS — S F Natlonal.12714123
Fir3t National.205 312 > v *
SAVINGS. BANKS.
German .' .'--- r 1900 Sav & Loan.. —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav 52 '— Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS
California 130 — O S L & H.... 43 _
Geary :... — 50 Presidio 35 ' 40
Market ..r 76% 76V, ,-.-"—,*• «
POWDER.
Giant ....IVi- IVigorit 4 ¦ 4V4
'SUGAR.
liana ! 6 - — • Makawell .... 28% «fi*S
Hawaiian .... — 50 Onomea ....... 22% L. .
Honokaa 13^ 11 Paauhau ...... vju _
Hutchinson ... 16 — . • .
11ISCF.LLANEOUS.'
UNITED STATES BONIJS.
THURSDAY, Aug. 29—2 p/"m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business was moderately active on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, with an ad
vance In Oceanic Steamship to $40. The sugar
stocks were firm and most of them advanced
slightly.
The oil stocks continued active. Hanford was
higher at $115@118. San Joaquin at $S 50@8 62Vt.
Occidental at 4S@50c and Twenty-eight at $1 85
@1 90. Home was lower at $3 60@3 63.
The feature of the afternoon was the upward
movement in the sugar stocks, led by Hutchin
son, which advanced to $16 23 under large sales
the range being $14 73<?16 25. Makawell . sold
up to $26 50. Kilauea to $12 and. Honokaa to
$13 uO.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay a
dividend of $1 per share on the 31st. .
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1@1 25- Hare S1 ¦
Rabbits. $1@1 50 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush!
P ,°V, L -T RT r Llv ?T Turkeys - 9 @ 10c tor Gobblers
and 10® 12c for Hens; Young Turkeys 20c-
Geese. 1 per pair, $1 25@1 75; Goslings, $1 50®l 75 :
Ducks. *3@350 f or old and $3 50@5 for young :
Hens. $3 5C(3^;' young Roosters, $3<S6 50- old
Roosters. $3 50®* 50: Fryers. $4 50; Broilers,' $3 50
®4 for large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons $125
©1 i0 per dozen ¦ for old . and $1 25@1 50 for
fciuabs. .¦, • jT'.s , ••.'-.' K -i ifk - .
Prices for Poultry show little change. The
market is fairly supplied, and there is no ac
cumulation of stock. • -
Poultry and Gavie.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled rather quiet again to-day,
but was steady in tone. State, common to good
5@8c: prime, 8&@8%c; choice/ 9c; fancy, 9Vfcc.
California dried- fruits ruled quiet and nom
inally unchanged. 1
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS-koyal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled 6I99&C
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. -Aug. 29.V-FLOUR-Receipts,
33,867, barrels; exports, 11.Q82 barrels. Inactive
and about steady.
. WHEAT— Receipts, 80,780 bushels; exports.
63,776 bushels. , Spot, easier;; No. 2 red, 76%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 74&c elevator; No.' 1
Northern Duluth, 77%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 83>4c X. o. ¦ b. afloat. Options
opened steady and for a time were Btrength
ened by covering, fair clearances, foreign buy
ing and the corn advance. Later they reacted
through liquidation and large Northwestern re
ceipts. Closed easy at V*®%a net decline. Sep
tember, 7o@75 l-16c, closed 75c; October, 75V4@
75*ic. closed 75V&c; December, closed 76%c.
HOPS— Quiet. 1
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, weak; fair reflnli..., 3 5-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 13-16c; molasses sugar,
3 l-16c. Refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spt>t Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, E@llVic. Coffee fu
tures closed net unchanged to 10 points lower.
.Total sales, 80.000 bags, including:: . September.
4.70@4.75c; October, 4. 80@4.85c; December, 5.03
@5.10c: January, 5.10@5.15c; February, 5.20c. •
BUTTER— Receipts, -3342 packages. Quiet;
State, dairy, 14@19c; creamery, 16@20c; June
packed factory, 14%<ai5 I / 4c
EGGS— Receipts. 7092 packages; firm; West
ern, candled, 17@17' / 2C. : ,
Tubbs Cordage Company (owners) with Wil
liam E. Byron and John Flaherty (contractors)
—William E. Byron to raiss- bulldln? and do all
brick work for $3177; -John Flaherty to do car
penter work, furnish windows, etc. for I3S31. to
build additional story to laying-room No. 2* on
a — story brick and. concrete building, on Io-wa
street East, between Twenty-second and Twen
ty-tiilrU; $7(SS.
Alfred W. Burrell (owner) with W. C. With-
Ington (contractor), architect Edward R. Swain
—Cast and wrought Iron and steel work for a
two-stcry and basement -brick building, on E
line of Vermont street. ISO N of Alameda. N
100 by*E 200: $3932. *^-
Same owners with Gladding. McBean & Co..
(contractors), architect same — Furnishing- terra
cotta work for. same on same: $S325.
Builders' Contracts.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Association (owners)
with William B. Knowles and George Kalchley
(contractors), architect Henry A. Schulze — Car
penter - work for a i seven-story and basement
apartment house, on N line of Turk street. 137:6
W of Mason. W 68:9 by N 137:6; $3S.37S.
Kate C. and George D. Lubben to Annie A.
Brewer, undivided half Interest in lot on 3
line of Pacific avenue. 131 E of Webster street.
E 32 by S 133:9, portion Aushinbaagh 223-Acre
Tract, Alameda: also property in Contra Costa
County quitclaim deed: $10.
¦ Annie A. Brewer to • Mrs. Kate C. Lubben
(wife of George D.>. undivided half interest
in same. Alameda; $10.
George H. Bew to Mattie H. Bew (wlfe>.
lot on SE corner of Grand street and Alameda
avenue. E 183, S 150. W 43. N 73. W 13S, N 75.
block F, Oak Park Tract, Alameda: aliio lot
on SE comer of Benton street and Alameda
avenue. SW 150, SE 78, block 5. Pacific Lan.l
and Investment Company's property at Mor
ton-street station. Alameda: gift.
California Realty Company to Caesar Luch
esl. lot 31, Elmhurst Park No. 2. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Same to same, lota 30 and 32 same, Brooklyn
Township: $1.
Caesar Luchesl to Eglia Luchest, lota 30, 31
and 32. same, Brooklyn Township: gift. '
W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to> Rockwcod
Flint, rerecord 732 D. 241. lot on E line of
Home street. 43 S of Berkeley way, S 44 by
E SO. block B, came. Berkeley; $10.
Daniel and Caroline S. Ashworth to John J.
Ramos, all interest In lot on W line of Ninth
street. 130 N of Addison. W. 130 byN 50. block
98, Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association, Berkeley; $400.
Mary E. Holton and Luther J. Holton (and
as attorney) to W. J. Mortimer, lot on SE
corner of Home street and Berkeley way s
85 by E 50, block B, map Villa Lots, adjacent
to university site on W, Berkeley, rerecord 752
D. 239; J10.
Rosa Scott (widow of A. P.) to H. L Scott
lot on N line of East Thirteenth street be
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth avenues, be
ing lot 5. block 65, East Oakland; $20.
J. J. and Eda Johnson to Mra. S. I* Locke
all interest in lot on SE line of Eleventh ave
nue. 50 NE of East Eighteenth street. NE 50
by SE 110, block 110. Qlinton, East Oakland;
$10.
Robert F. Elder to Arnaud B. and Cecil*
Carcot. lot on S line of Addison street. 223 W
of Shattuck avenue. W 50 by S 134.62,' portion
block 1. subdivision map block 1. Shattuck
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
George W. Austin to Sarah B. Cheek, lot 23.
Austin Park. Oakland: $10. -*-v
Same to William T. Harris, lot 15. same
Oakland; $10.
William T. and Sarah B. Harris to Jennie
P. ar.d B. W. Robson. . same. Oakland; $10.
Peter and Martha Christensen to Eadleth O.
Allen, lot on W line of Grove street. 40 N of
Fifth, N 60 by W 75, block 50, Kellersberger's
Map, Oakland, subject to mortgage to Hiber
nia Bank for $4500; $10.
Alameda County.
August Sutkamp to John G. Klumpke, all in
terest in lot on S line of Farallones street '"S
E of Plymouth. E 50 by S 125, block K, Rail
road Homestead; $3CO.
Estate of Louis Landler. Insolvent (by R. C
Jones, assignee) to J. J. McEwen. all interest
In same (10 pieces), as in second decree In ab
stract 3115, August 29, 1901; $10.
Estate of Emma Buckley (by Mary- B. Tobin
and Ambrose J. Buckley, executors) to same
lot on NW line of Market street, 220:8 SW of
Montgomery. SW 20 by NW SO; $80,000.
Johanna A. Slattery to Ann McNamara. un
divided one-half of lot on E line of Morrell
place, 71:6 N of Pacific street, N 44 by E 53-3
$10. •
George H. Bew to Mattie H. B«w. lot on SK
line of Howard street. 225 SW of Fourth SW
25 by SE 80; gift.
Marie F. Ilsen to O. R. McGee and W. N
Canfleld. lot on W line of Ninth avenue 250
S of H street. S 23 by W 120; $10.
George and Kate Ryan to Henry W. Opt>er
man. lot 1351. gift map 3; $10.
Estate of Thor.-.as J. Gately (by Michael
Gately and Mary B. Tobin (Gately). executors
and trustees) to Worthington Ames, lot on
NW line of Market street, 220:8 SW of Mont
gomery, SW 20 by NW SO (to correct deed)
grant. ' • . *>
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Otto V?. and
Marie Pellage. lot on N line of Eighteenth
street, 75 W of Noe, W 25 by N 100; $10
J. J. McEwen to Atlas Building and Lean
Association, lot on S line of Jersey street 230
E of Douglas, E 20 by S 114; $10.
F. A. Hlhn Company (corporation) of Santa
Crus.to F. A. Hlhn, lot on NE corner of
Kearny and Bush streets, N 57.50 by E 57.50
grant.
William and Jennie Wolf to James McBride i
lot on N line of Ellis street. 103:7ft E of Oc
tavia. E 27:8 by N 137:6; $16,000.
Thomas and Katie E. Lundy to Edith Dor
othy Creede. sometimes called Edith Dorothy
Basford. lot on E line of Pierce street, 100 N
of Halght. N 33, E-123.-S 23, -W 109 -3 10 'W
23; $10.
RF.AT. ESTATE TRANSACTION S.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Aug. 29.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3000. Steady to 10c higher. Natives, $3
@5 90; cows and heifers, $1@3 75; bulls and
stags, $2@4 50; stockers and feeders, $2@3 75;
veals, $2 25@5 25. _ -
HOGS— Receipts, 7500. Market steady to
strong. Light and light mixed, $5 90@6 30: me
dium and heavy, $6 10@6 40: pigs, $3 35@5 35
bulk, $6 10@6 30. •-.¦;-¦- . #
SHEEP— Receipts, 150. Steady.
ST. JOSEPH,
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 10,
000, including \ 800 Texans and 1500 Westerns.
Steers, .generally: 10c higher, active; : butchers
stock strong. Good to prime steers, $5 60@6 33;
poor to medium, $3 75@5 50; stockers and'feed
ers, $2 25@4 25; cows and heifers, $2 45(g5; can
ners, $1 50@2 40; bulls. $2 25@4 50: calves, $3®
5 65; Texas steers, .$3 25@5 10: bulls, -?2 25@4 50;
calves, $3<§5 65; Westerns, $5@5 10/
HOGS~>t Receipts .to-day, .23,000; to-morrow,
17,000 estimated; left over, 2500. Active. 5@7&c
higher. Mixed and butchers, $5 80@5 90; good to
choice heavy, J5 95<p6 60; rough heavy, $5 75;
bulk of sales/ $6<Jf6 40. > '
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000. ' Strong to 5c higher.
Active, steady to strong; good to choice weth
ers, $3 35@4 10; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 40;
Western sheep. $3 25@4 10; native lambs • $3®
4 25 ; Western lambs, • $4@5 10. .:
CHICAGO.
' Eastern Livestock Markets.
Flour, qr sks.... 16,637 Straw tons is
Wheat, ctls 4,269 "Wool, bales , 30*
Barley, ctls 116,305 Sugar, ctls "" 4341
Oats, ctls 4,450 Powder, car .'"" 1
Beans, sks 178 Hides, No . e«
Corn, ctls 5 Pelts, bdls 39S
Potatoes, sks 4,025' Tallow ctl3 . • 31s
Onions, sks 885 1 Wine, gals JT 350
Bran, sks 2,9!>3 1 Leather, rolls 73'
Flaxseed. sks ... 200|Llm*, bbls isS
Middlings, sks .. 1.06o[ Chicory bbls""" •>?
Hay. tons 495 Quicksilver flks" 3
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 820/
FOR THURSDAY. AUGUST 29.
Receipts of Produce.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— Money on call, steady,
at 2%@3 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4 1 / £@5 per cent. Sterling ex
change, steady, at a decline, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 86% for demand and
at $4 S4U for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 Sf>
and f4 87H- Commercial bills, 1 $4 83»i@4 83%.
Bar silver. 58',2C. Mexican dollars, 45%c. Gov
ernment bonds, irregular; State bonds, active;
railroad bonds, irregular.- 1
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.— To-day's statement
of the 1 treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $177,784,616; gold, $105,858,332. .'•;<':
THURSDAY, Aug. 25-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
Alpha 02 01 Justice 03 (£,
Alta — 05 Kentuck ft*
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash ... 01 .
Belcher 01 Oa Mexican 11 13
Best & Belcher 07 03 Occidental 03 01
Bullion 01 05 Ophir 77 7T>
Caledonia .;.... <17 18'Overman ...... 07 M'
Challenge Con. 23 21 Potosi .'.. 04 05
Chollar 04 05 Savage 05 07
Confidence 84 8-JiScorpion — 0!
Con Cal & Va.l 75 1 8} Seg Belcher .... — «i
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 13 14
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill .... 32 33
Crown Point .. 05 06 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con .. 13 —Standard — 3 25
Exchequer — 02- Syndicate — OS
Gould & Curry 08 10 Union Con .... 09 11
Hale & Norcrs 18 19 Utah 02 C5
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 11 li
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
"Standard Crawford peaches are offered at
€%c f. o. b. coast; choice Muirs and Crawfords,
6%c, and fancy Muirs and Crawfords, 8@9c
At these prices, which are a considerable ad
vance over the opening, the trade shows no
interest and local belief inclines strongly to a
lower ranze.
"New prunes are offered at from a 3%(§'3M:C
lasis. with little doing. Some sales are re
ported at the above prices of 40s and smaller,
with some business said to have been done in
20-40s at a small premium. General expecta
tion is that the association will name a 3%c
or a 3'*-c basis, although intimations are given
cut that a 4c price will be named.
"Evaporated apples are stronger In tendency
on spot, with futures still going up. The mar
ket for futures is beinj? manipulated with a
view to squeezing the shorts and forcing set
tlements at most advantageous terms to cer
tain larre local operators. The report that a
pale of prime for December delivery has been
made at 10c persists and predictions are lreely
made that the market will go to Uc and some
say even as high as 12c before the season
ends." ¦
Mail advices from New York say: "Trade
on the spot is of email proportions In virtually
all lines excepting domestic raisins, which are
in active demand at full quotations. Loose
raisins are very scarce on the spot and held
•tiff at 6%c. while demand for seeded. In car
tons, continues urg-ent at the recent advance.
vith available supplies very light. Some locaL
Feeders will 6ell cartons, at 7%c, but coast
packed is firm at 7%@Sc. with jjoods now in
trarujt irom California offering at the same
quotations. Several sales of these goods, un
derstood to be round lots, were reported yes
terday. An active trade is going on in seed
less Muscatels at 6%c on the spot, sales of
four cars being reported made within, the past
few days at that figure. The goods are part of
th€ block of about 23 cars recently bought on
the coast by local speculators. There is still
a good supply of these raisins on hand, and in
the essence of adequate supplies of loose it is
likely tbe smaller mincemeat manufacturers
will be compelled to fall back on them to meet
their requirements. In fact. It Is probable
that cart, at loast, of the four cars reported
above as just eold were destined for mince
meat purposes.
••Very little interest appears to be taken by
the local trade in either new apricots or
peaches. Apricots are now arriving in the
market almost daily and show very good qual
ity. Quotations on new g^ods are about as
follows: Choice Royal, 1H1@12c In 25-lb boxes;
extra fancy Royal. 12%o in bags. 13c in boxes.
Extra fancy Moorparks to arrive are' offered
at 15c In 25-lb boxes. Choice Royals are offered
tram the coast at 9$?9%c.
Dried Fruit in New York.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 1%@3%c; String
Beans, 2<S3%c; Limas, 2@3c; Cabbage, 60@65c
per ctl: Tomatoes from the river, 25@65c- from
Alameda, 50c@$l; Dried Peppers, 10@l'%c-
Green Okra, 35<g6Sc per box; Carrots, 25(535c per
sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 35@40c; Pickles, l%«lt.4 c
per lb for small and lc for large; Garlic '©3c-
Green Peppers, 35@50c per box for Chile and 25
@40c for Bell; Egg Plant, 35@50c per box; Green
Corn, 40c@$l per sack; Alameda,' 75c@$l per
crate; Berkeley, G0@75c; Summer Squash, laree
boxes, 25® 10c; New .Marrowfat Squash nom
inal. ¦• "
Vegetables show no change" worthy of note
POTATOES— $1 25@1 50 in sacks and $1 35@1 80
in boxes for Burbanks, $1 25 for Garnet Chiles
and $125 for Early Rose: Salinas Burbanks
$1 40@l 60; Sweets, 75c@$l 15 for Rivers and $1 25
for Merced.
ONIONS-Yellow, $U0f 1 30 per ctl; Pickle
Onions. 50(3 60c per ctl.
i Potatoes rule as firm as ever, 'and prices ha\*e
|\aga!n advanced. The demand for shipment con
.tlnues unabated. Sweets are a shade firmer
asraln.
The Onion market was excited yesterday. It
was stated that a prominent house in the trade
had secured control of most of the crop, and
prices were stiff and . rising in conseqeunce.
Some dealers quoted as high as $1 30@l 35 on
the wharf, while others sold under these fig
ures. Average quotations for "the day appear
below. There is an Australian demand for these
goods In addition to the demand for the East
and Alaska, and still higher prices are not im
probable.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CLOSING.
LONDON.- Aug. 29.— Anaconda. 9%; Atchison,
Sl'i; Canadian Pacific. 115; Denver and Rio
Grande, 46%; do preferred, 95%; Northern Pa
cific preferred, 101 Vi; Southern Pacific, 61%;
Union Pacific preferred, ex-dlvldend, 91V4; bar
silver" steady, 27d per ounce;, money, 1V4@1%
per cent. " ¦. ¦". . r
The stock market to-day was stagnant and
featureless. American shares were nominal and
finally quiet. There was some bidding for
Erie and Union Pacific
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says;
London Market.
Imports of Epecie at this port during the first
seven months of the year were $6,977,510,
agalnet $10,414,655 for the same time last year,
the leading descriptions being as follows.
Goia bullion, $3,052,100; gold coin, S2.12S.378:
silver bullion. $1,517,791; silver coin, $239,241.
The principal sources were: Mexico, $2,142,
167; Japan. 52.674,693; Australia. $1,966,816.
Specie Imports
There is no further change in this market,
trade being dull/! •
: BEANS^Bayos, J? 90@3; Small White,$4 90@5;
Large White, *3 75@4 10; Pink," $2 35@2 45;
Red, $2 75<§3; Blackeye, $3 50; LImas, $6 40@6 50;
Red Kidney, $4 per ctl. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, - nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal;: Flax, $2 23®2 50; Canary
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;. Rape'
1%&2%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. .". .
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.'
Stock— Sales HIsrh Low Close
Atchison 10.400 79 1 * 78% 79
Atchison pfd 2.400 S8 97*i 97V4
Baltimore <t Ohio 1,100 104% 104V& 104^4
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 94V4
.Canadian Pacific 2,500 112 111% 111%
Canada Southern ', 68
Chesapeake & Ohio 100 47^ 47ft 47%
Chltago & Alton 900 40Vi 40 40
Chicago & Alton pfd 78#
Chgo. Ind & Louisville.. 600 3SH 3SV* 38U
Chgo, Ind & Louis pfd 72}fe
Chjjo & Eastern 111 125
Chgo & Great Western. S0O 22% 22% 22%
Chg3 & G W A pfd 130 84 84 83^
Chgo & G W B pfd 47&
Chgo & Northwestern ' 195
Chgo. R I & Pacific 300 144% 144 143%
Chgo Term & Trans 100 21 21 20%
Chgo Term & Trans pfd 41
C C C & St Louis. 200 89',, S9»i 8S%
Colo Southern 1,400 15^ loig 15
Colo Southern 1st pfd...- 2.000 58 57% 57%
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 3.200 26»i 26>4 26%
Delaware & Hudson.... 200 156^ 166Vi 166%
Del, Lack & Western 225
Denver & R G 100 45H 45V4 45U
Denver & R G pfd 300 92^4 02% 92%
Erie 32,700 43% 42% 42%
Erie 1st pfd 12.7C0 71% 70% 71%
Erie 2d pfd 6,600 58% 57% 58
Graat Northern pfd 2U0 186 186 186
Hocking Valley .... 62%
Hocking Valley pfd 100 76% 76% 76
Illinois Central 100 146% 146% 14614
Iowa Central 3SH
Iowa Central pfd ¦ 74%
Lake Erie & Western.... 300 66 66 65
Lake Erie & West pfd .... 124
Louisville & Nashville.. 2,800 IOC 105% 105%
Manhattan Elevated 1,800 120 119% 119%
Metropolitan St Ry 167%
Mexican Central 3,700 26'i 25% • 25
Mexican National 20,200 12% 11% • 12%
Minn & St Louis.. 107%
Missouri Pacific 11,100 108 106% 107%,
Mo. Ivans & Texas 300 29. 28% 28%
Mo, Ksins & Tex pfd.... i 700 57% 57 56V*
New Jersey Central 100 162 162 162
New York Central 800 155 154% 154%
Norfolk & Western. 2.600 56% 56% 56%
Norfolk & Western pfd S&Vi
Northern Pacific pfd 200 98 . 98 - 98
Ontario & Western 10,400 36% 36 36%
Pennsylvania 1,800 147% 147 147%
Reading 8.200 45 ' 44%, 44%
Reading 1st pfd 2,300 77% 77 77%
Reading 2d pfd .*... 3.900. 55% 55% 55%
St Louis & S F 1,700 47% 46 -46%-
St L & S F 1st pfd ..81
St L & S V 2d pfd 3,400 71 70 70%
St IjOuIs, Southwestern. 300 32 31% 31%
St Louis Southwstn pfd 200 64% • 63% 63%
St Paul 6.C0O 167% 166% . 166%
St Paul pfd... .... 188
Southern Pacific 19.200 60% 69% 60%
Southern Railway 4.000 33% 33% 33%
Southern Railway pfd.. 800 88% 88 87%
Texas & Pacific 2,400 45% 45% 45
Toledo. St L & W 21
Toledo, St L & W pfd.. 100 - 35% 35% 35
Union Pacific 25,700 102% 102% 102%
Union Pacific pfd 500 Pl% 91% 91%
Wabash 13.S0O 23% 22% 22%
Wabash pfd 4,600 41% 41% 41%
Wheeling & Lake Erie. ..:.. 19%
Wheeling & L E pfdt... 100 " 32 32 31%
Wisconsin Central ..' ..... — 21 :
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 100 43% 43% 43
P C C & St Louis 72
Express Comsanie* — j •
Adams •••• 175
American 100 136 196 191
United States 93
Wells Fargo .160.
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 4,000 ' 119% 118% 119
Amer Car & Found...... 1,200 31% 30» z 31
Amer Car & Found pfd. 400 87% 87 • 87
Amer Linseed Oil 21%
Amer Linseed OH pfd .., 61%
Amer Smelt & Ref 16.800 52 50 51%
Amer Smelt & Ref pfd. 2,400 100% 99%" 100%
Amer Tobacco .' ¦ .... 137%
Anaconda Mining Co... ?00 • 46%' 46% 46%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit -400 75% '75% -75%
Colo Fuel & Iron........ 1,300 98 97 97%
Consolidated Gas 600 226V4 224% 225%
Continental Tobacco — '1,100 . 69 68% 68%
Continental Tobacco pfd 200- 119% 119% us
General Electric 200 268 265 265
Glucose Sugar 11,200 57 56% 66%
Hocking Coal 3,600 25 23% 19
International Paper .... ' • 24%
International Paper pfd 4,300 . 80 " 78% "79%
International Power 700 -96M 95% 96
Laclede Gas' : ' '. ... -. gg
National Biscuit 100 43% 43%' 43%
National Lead . .... . ., 20'i
National Salt .... 4">%
National Salt pfd : ;-"¦ 75
North American " 1 ni
Pacific Coast" ....; '.,. gg
Pacific Mall 30 42% 42«i 4'
People's Gas ....'. BOO 112% 112 - 112%
Pressed Steel Car 100 42 42 iiu
Pressed Steel Car pfd... ..... . RM?
Pullman Palace Car .... "" 208^
Republic Steel 4,200 19% 19" 1914
Republic Steel pfd 3.000 74 73 73%
Su K ar ..................... 2,100 135% 134% 135 •
Tenn Coal & Iron 900 66% 65% 65%
Union Bag.& Paper Co. 200 " 17% 17U 17
Union B & Pap Co pfd.. V * II
U S Leather.. 800 14% ii" 13T4
U S Usather. pfd.. .'...... ..2,200 83% S3 82?i
U S Rubber 100 191? ioij i»i*
TJ S Rubber pfd .-.f™ • A V £T*
US Steel.. ; ;... 12,800. 45% 45" «%
US Steel pfd.. ....4,600 94%- 94% 94%
Western Union 100 93^ 93% 93,
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— Any hope of a re
vival of speculation at this time still further
receded to-day and the business transacted at
the Stock Exchange was about the smallest
of t»»e year. The recessions from the best
prices toward the close of the day revealed the
strictly professional character of the dealings
and left the prices near to last night's level.
Yesterday's check to Tuesday's selling move
ment had apparently roused some hope that a
renewed buying movement in force might be
imminent. This ranged th« professionals on
the buying- side and accounted forHhe upward
movement, while the closine out of their ac
counts were equally responsible for the re
action. London was reported a buyer in this
market to an effective degree, considering the
narrowness of the market. This, coupled with
a free supply of grain bills, causjd a further
reaction in the sterling exchange market. The
London money market at the eame time hard
ened appreciably, in part owing to the de
mands incident to the pay day for the Stock
Exchange settlement. Exchange authorities do
not express much expectation of any inward
movement of gold in the early future. Condi
tions in the local money market .continued
practically unchanged. The time money mar
ket is very dull, owing to the disposition of
lenders to keep their funds ¦ in call loans to
meet any emergency. There was some special
demand at different times to-day for St. Loui?
and San Francisco and Canadian Pacific on
the laree net «arnlnsrs reported for July; for
Missouri Pacific on vague expectations of com
ine developments; for International Power on
the large orders for new locomotives; for the
International " Paper stocks on the conditions
reported at the annual meeting: on the Erie
on the hope of the labor difficulties among the
anthracite miners would be avoided, and for
Mexican National. Baltimore and Ohio and
for some other stocks for undisclosed reasons.
American Smelting declined further on rumors
of competition organizing, but rallied sharply.
There was liquidation of Standard Rope and
Twine lEsuee. which broke the price of sixes
4 points and of the incomes 2 points. Central
of Georela first incomes fell l»i. The bond
market otherwise was slightly irregular. To
tal sales, par value, $1,820,000. United States
threes advanced H and the new .fours de
clined \l per cent on the last call.
New York Stock Market.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%
@7%c; local make, less than Calcuttas;
Wool Bags. 33@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c; Frull
Bags, £%(g6>4o for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $3; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks: Pennsylvania' Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$1.1 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per. 2C0O lbs and. $8 50 per* ton, according to
brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1
iOc; pure, $122; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
69c; raw, 67c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil extra
winter strained, barrels. SOc; cases, 85c; China
Nut, oi)@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 67^ic; cases, 72%c; Sperm, pure 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40<a45c per gallon -
Fish Oil. In barrels, 37^c; cases, 42>ac
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eccene 'lc
deodorizej stove gasoline. In bulk 15c- in
eases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c; in case3*'0c
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 2Cc; in cases' 26c'
TURPENTINE-oSc per gallon in cases anrt
52c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed an«l Fine Crustied 5 20c-
Powdered, 5.05c; Candy Granulated, 5.05c; 'Dry
Granulated, 4.&5c: Confectioners' A. 4.95c; Fruit
Granulated, 4.95c; Beet Granulated. 4 85c- Mag
nolia A. 4.55c; Extra C. 4.45c; Golden c' 4 35c
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more; .boxes'
SOc more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75' barrels ¦ or its equivalent
Dominos, half-barrels, 5.45c; boxes. 5.<"0c per lb
General Merchandise.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
teven months of the year wer« $22,574,890,
against $26,283,650 for the eame time last year,
the leading sources being as follows: Front
Japan. $6,143,853; China. $3,693,660; Central
America. $4,179,000; Great Britain, $1,009,500;
British Columbia. $1,503,950; East Indies, ?2,
10S,;uO; France, $687,370; Germany. $736,100; Aus
tralia. $408,570; South America, $524,570.
Foreign Imports.
;'¦ .,*-/ Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 08 100 Mexican 11
500 Challenge Con. 20 100 Mexican 12
10O Con Cal & V.I 77'i 1000 Yellow Jacket. 13
200 Crown 'Point... 03 500 Yellow Jacket. IT
• Morning Session.
300 Andes 021 300 Mexican 12
200- Belcher 03| 10O Ophir 7S
300 Best & Belcher 08 700 Overman CS
100 Caledonia 17 oOOSierra Nevada. H
150 Con Cal & Va.l 80 400 Yellow Jacket. 13
200 Gould & Curry 03 1 • • /'
The following were the sales In the PaciSc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
1100 Best & Belcher 03 1 300 Overman 08
200 Challenge ...... 21 300 Sierra N«vada. 13
200 Con Cal & Va.l 751
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session. ¦
. 300 Best & Belcher OS 40O Mexican 13
200 Caledonia 17 200 Ophir 75
100 Chollar 05 100 Savage 07
300 Con Cal& Va.l 80 100 Yellow Jacket. IS
100 Gould & Curry 10
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
A Grain Holiday.
The Produce Exchange voted yesterday to
adjourn from the close of business to-day to
Tuetday morning, over Labor day, which falls
on Monday. '
Previous conditions j rule in the Hay market.
Some changes in Feedstuffs will be noted.
BRAN— $20@21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. _;$16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25©2G; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17ig>18; Corn Meal, $33 50
@34; Cracked Corn, $34@34 50; Mixed Feed, $18 50
©19 50. _ ':.: •¦ . - . '¦•..¦ >:.:
HAY— Wheat, $7@9 50; choice, $10@10 50;
Wheat end Oat. $6 50@9; Oat. $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat, $6@8; Alfalfa, $8 50@10 50; Clover, $5 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 £0@5 50. .. ¦
;¦ STRAW— :5@42VsC per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Palermo— Fruit drying at Its height; rain
would do much damage. . - ¦• •
Santa Maria— Grain Is being slowly thrashed;
bean crop prospects varying from fair to good.
. G. H. WILLSON,
: Assistant Section Director.
¦'.PORK— Live Hogs. 2C0 lbs and under. 6Uc
over 200 lbs," 6c; 'feeders, :.sows. 20 per cent
off; boars, 50 per cent off and stags, 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed HoSs»
7%<59&C.
• - •. . ' ¦
LAMB—8@»c per lb.
The Chicago market for Hogs is now i£c
higher than this, which will tend to turn all
Western shipments to that market, and \ may
therefore- result in ah improvement . here. At
present the packers have all they want and
prices show no change. - .»
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6(&6'ic for Steers and SOo^c per lb for
cows:
- VEAL — Large, 7@Sc; small. 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. ' 7<g8c; Ewes, 7@7yic per
pound. - <7 .t'-:^
San Francisco Meat Market.
¦ MILLSTUFFS— Prices in ! sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount • to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 ¦ per 1C0 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, ?2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream, do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
t<©4 25; Buckwheat , Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 SO; Farina. $4 50; .Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),. $6 S5@$ 35;
Jn sacks. $6 50@S; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peaa,
55: Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. ' ...
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25©
3 50, .usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 73 per barrel for : family anO
$2 7otfJS for bakers' ; "Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. :v -.-. ¦ .:¦•¦¦. ... ¦; /• ;.'- .¦¦¦¦.
Flour '-. and Millstuffs.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Aug. 29.— The Earl
Fruit Company's sales of California fruit to
day here at auction • realized prices as follows:
Peaches— Late Crawford, boxes, S5c@$l L*. aver
age $1 60. Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $2 20@3 35;
average $3 25. Two cars sold here to-day.
Weather hot.
>- . ¦
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 29.— The Earl Fruit
Company to-day sold California fruit here -and
realized the following prices: Grapes— Malaga,
single crates, 70c@$l 25, average $1 OS; Tokay,
single crates, $1 05@l 35, average $1 18. Pears—
Bartletts, boxes, $1 30@2 35, average $1 84. Two
cars sold to-day. Weather favorable and dry.
BOSTON, Aug. 29.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction here
to-day realized the following prices: Peaches-
Late Crawford, boxes, 65c@$l 05, average 78c;
Lemon Cling, boxes, 75@90c, average Sic; Sal
way, boxes. 45c@$l 15, average 78c; McDevitt's,
boxes, ¦ S0c@$l 05, average 82c; Ward, boxes,
average 85c; "White Free, boxes, average 75c;
Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $1 70@3, . average $2 32.
Grapes— Rose de Peru, ' single crates, average
$1; Sweetwater, single crates, average 95c;
Prunes— Gros, single crates, $1 50@2 25, average
51 92; Fellenberg, single crates, average - $1 80;
Hungarian, single crates, $1 95(g2, average $1 99.
Plums— Kelsey, single crates, average 50c. Four
cars sold to-day. Weather dry and favorable.
Car from San Jose: Pears — Bartletts, average
$2 25 boxes. Plums— Yellow Egg, 80c@$l 10. av-,
erage $107 single crates; "Columbia. 55c@$l 10,
average 95c single crates; Kelsey Japan, 80c@.
$110. average $1 single crates. • Prunes— Giant.
85c@$l 60, 1 average . Jl 25 single crates ; German.
$1 60@l 70,- average $1 63 single crates; Gros,
$1 40@l 50, average $1 45 single crates. ¦ Gross ,
sales. $1120. - » .¦.;¦•'..
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— The Earl Fruit Company.'
to-day sold California 'fruit- here, realizing,
prices as follows: Grapes — Malaga, single;
crates $1 10@l 50," average "Jl 28; Muscat, single i
crates, $U3@130, average $122; Clusters, single :
crates, average $2 42. Pears— Bartletts, boxes,
$1 75@2 60, average $2 15; Clalrgeau. boxes. $2 10
<g2 30, • average 52 26: Beurre Diel, boxes, . $2 30@
2 40," average $2 38. • Five cars sold to-day. Dry
and warm weather.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— Porter Bros, sales Cal
ifornia fruit. Car ¦ from ', Vacaville^ , Pears—
Bartletts, • $2 50@3 25, average' $2 82 .; boxes.
Peaches — Susquehanna. average 25c boxes;
Orango Cling, average 65c boxes; Salway, av
erage 55c boxes; Piquets Late, average 60c
boxes; ; Red Nectarines, 80@95c. average 83c
single ' crates. Grapes— Tokays, $1 65@2 25. av
erage $2 single crates. Gross .sales, $1330. \ '
Porter Bros. Company's sales— Car from Va
caville: Pears-Bartletts, '$3 20@3 30, average
$3 23 box; I $1 60@l 65,' average r $1 63 halt box.
Grapes— Tokays, $1 40@2 05, average $1 9G -; sin
gle crate. Nectarines— jl,70@l 75, average Jl 73
single crate. Gross sale, $1605. Car from Wal
nut Creek: Plums— Kelsey Japan, C5@75c, av
erage 70c single crate. Pears— Bartletts, $3 25@
3 35, average $3 30 box; $1 25@1 45, average
$1 36 half box. .'Gross sales, $1305. Car from
Colfax: < Peaches— Crawford, 55@70c, average
B3c box::Susquehanna, average 60c box. Plums
—Kelsey Japan, 80c@$l 60, average $1 24 single
crate;. Yellow Egg, average 80c single crate;
Columbia, average $1 10 single crate. Prunes-
Hungarian,-, Jl 35@1 70, ¦ average ' $1 62 ¦: single
crate. Pears — Bartletts,- $2 85@3 25,' average
$3 10. box. Gross sale, $1325. ¦ Six cars, fruit
sold. ¦-¦ ¦- •¦ / .
NEW YORK, Aug. ¦ 29.— Earl. Fruit Com
pany's sales; of '¦ California, fruit: Peaches-
George's Late. 70@75c, | average 74c box; Late
Crawford, 60c@$l 10, average 90<i,box; McDev
itfs Cling, . 75c@$l 15,' average $1 03'box;\Sal
wajv 6o@85c, average 78c box. Grapes—Mala
ga. $1 50@l' 60. average $1 57 single crate. .;
California Fruit Sales.
Decreased imports of Merchandise and Specie.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat off a fraction. Other Cereals unchanged.
Hay as before quoted. Some changes in Feedstuff s. j
Beans dull at the recently revised prices.
Onions excited and higher. \ Potatoes also advanced again.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese about as before.
Poultry market fairly .supplied and quiet.
Melons neglected, owing to the cool weather.
Fruits in general quiet and steady.
Dried Fruits still in active demand. .-•¦. J- -
No change , in Provisions.
Hogs higher at Chicago than here, ' jg
Continued activity in the Oih Stocks.
Sharp rally in Sugar Stocks. *
Produce Exchange to adjourn over Saturday and Monday.
- CLOSING BONDS. •
L *S2s reg 107% NY C lsts.... 105%
Do coupon... :... .10754, N J C gen 6s..;:.-.lO9%
go 3s reg 108% N Pacific 3s........ 72
Do 3s coupon. ....108% Do 4s....... imv
Do new 4s reg...l37 N Y C & St L ii'.'.lffj^.
Do new 4s coup. .137 N & W con 4s. .....102
Do old 4s reg.... 113., Or-Nav lsts ;.:1O7
Do old 4s coup.. .113 Do 4s. ;.. 103
D° f s reg 10744 Or Short Line 6s.!!l28%
Do 5s coupon.... .107% Do con 5s... ......117%
?l E t. OfCo1 36 5s...l24 Reading gen 4s...: 95%
AtchiEon.gen.4s:..103% R G \V. lsts.:.......i0OV4
Do adj 4s 97»i St L & I M con 5s.ll6\i
Canada So 2ds...;.109% St L & S F gen 6s.l27%
Ches &-O. 4Hs.-.-.-..108- St Paul cons...:... 184
t*B?j> Be yi"'-'"~—l" m t. StPC&P IStS... .Ho^
Chi & N con 7s..:. 137 .Do 5s..:... ....:.. 116%
S F deb 5S...123VJ S Pacific. 4s. ......... 92
Chicago Term 4s... S5V* S Railway 6s. .:.... 117<4
Colorado So 4s..... 88 Stand R&T, 6s... 50
g & *R G 4s. 101 V4 Tex & Pac lsts....imi
grtegjn <s.... 88V4 - Do 2ds 96
£ w & D c lsts...lO5V4 U Pacific 4s....:. ..105%
Gen Electric 5s. ...200 Wabash lsts........H8Vi
Iowa Cent lsts..,.116U Do 2ds.. llOVi
L & N uni 4s.... ...101 West Shore 4s.. ....113%
M K & T 2ds.....v83 'wise Cen.t lsts..... 8SV*
Do: 4s.-..' 98H Va Centuries....... 94%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con........:. 20 Little Chief........ ..12
Alice 45 Ontario .....'. 9 00
Breece 1 40 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con....*.. OS Phoenix 09
Comstock Tunnel... OS Potosl ..03
Con Cal & Va.. ...'.. 1 70 Savage 04
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada...... 10
Horn Silver. '...165 Small Hopes......... "30
Iron Silver 5S Standard ..-. 3 15
-Leadville ¦ Con ... 061 ;
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— * . West End ...96
Call loans.... '...;.3H@4 Westinghse Elec. 70U
Time loans.'. 4 @5 -Bonds — "" '
Stocks — Atchison 4s .-5.... '...102
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 78«8 N E Gas & C 5s.... 57
Do prefd 97% Mining Shares-
American Sugar... 135 Adventure 31
Amer Telephone... 168 Bingham ........... 42
Boston & Albany. .258 Amalg Copper 119
Boston Elevated.. .177 Atlantic .:. 36
Boston &. Maine.. ..192V4 Calumet & Hecla.,730
Dominion Coal..... 39& Centennial 31.
Do prefd..... 115 Franklin ;. 18Vi
U S Steel .....45 Humboldt ........... 25
Do prefd.... 94<4 Osceola ............102
Fltchburg prefd... 14S',4 Parrot 51^
Gen Electric 267% Quincy ISO
Ed Elec 111 250 Santa Fe Copper... 7Vi
Mexican Central... 26 Tamarack ....345
Old Colony 208. Utah Mining ..29%
Rubber 19; WInona 3%
Union Pacific. ......102 a J. Wolverines ........ 66
Union Land.. ZyJ .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
¦ HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about - V£c -. under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c;- medium. 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides,' 9c: for heavy, and 9c for light; Stags,
6%c: Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16<gl(H4c: Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip,* 16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool,
30® 50c each; medium. G0@75c; long Wool, SOc@$l
each- Horse Hides,' salt. $2 50@2 73 for large and
$'®2-'5 for medium. Jl 50@l 75 for small and 50c
for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large.
$1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
skins 20c. - Goatskins — Prime . Angoras, 75c;
large' and smooth, 50c;. medium. 35c. -
TALLOW— No. 1 ' rendered, - 4%@4%c pe r lb;
No. 2. 3V><g>4c; grease. 2*4@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, .- 14@15%c; do Lambs', lie per lb;
Middle County, defective, 8@10c; Southern free,
7 months. 7@10c;.do, defective, 7 months, 7@
Sc; Oregon Valley fine 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, ll@13c;
do, fair to good, 9@llc: Nevada, 10«8ill^c. Kail—
San Joaquln. 6J4@8^c; San Joaquin Lambs',
7'/i@9c.
. HOPS— New, 12@15c per lb.
Wdej, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
*— — — — — : : — i- — — — — *
; LIVERPOOL^ ,
Wheat—" 7 : ' .-• •" ¦ " , Sept. ¦ Dec.
Opening ......;... 5 6% ' 6 8%
Closing 5 6% * 5J%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening ....... .:.... 21 15 22 45 '
Closing;.'..';.'......;.; t... 21 15 ,22 50
, - Flour— :;;;. "... • •-. '
Opening.. .". .27 55 ' 28 60
Closing : .;.-.; ........ 27 50 28 60
¦ Morning Session.
Board—
150 Central Point Con 1 3D
.- 1 Hanford • • 115 CO
8 Hanford US 00
400 Home .. • 3 65
100 Home, b 30 3 «*
300 Home • J 80
120 Kern 6 W
800 Lion, cash .__,....". 12
250 McKittrlck , 28
200 Occidental of West Virginia v 43
200 Occidental of West Virginia 43
150 Occidental of West Virginia TO
185 Peerless 5 C.
2000 Petroleum Center, b 90 13
8500 Petroleum Center P3
500 Petroleum Center .... M
200 San Joaquln Oil & Development 8 50
40 San Joaquln Oil & Development..... 8 «2 1 j
700 Sterling 1 23
10O Sterling 1 37^
4C0 Twenty-eight, b 60 ISO
100 Twenty-eight 1 S3
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2000 Four .«. 40
2 Hanford US CO
2 Hanford U9 00
270 Home 3 65
430 Independence 12
2C0O Junction : 23
200 Junction 31
1000 Junction -••• 27
£00 Monarch of Arizona 23
10O Monarch of Arizona 30
100 Monte Cristo 2 CO
3000 Petroleum Center 03
600 Reed Crude S6
100 Sterling 1374
350 Sterling ...; 140
10O Sterling, b 60 1 45
200 Sterling, b 60, - 1 47%
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
IOCO Lion 12
200 Home Oil : 3 83
500 Reed Crude ,..,...... SS
ICO Twenty-eight ISO
200 Junction ;... 31
2 Hanford .....IIS CO
lOOO^Petroleum Center 03
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
extra ', light v and '¦ 16c for sugar cured : ' Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, -. 14® 14%c ; , California Hams.
13%c ; Mess Beef . $11 per ' barrel ; extra . Mess.
$12- Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork. $13;' ex
tra clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef.. 14c per
- P< LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb ¦ for
compound and lie for pure; half-barrels, pure.
HVic; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. S>%c; three
half -barrels, 9'.ic: one tierce. »%c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb. . ; '-
CALL. BOARD SALES.
, Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.: -
Regular . Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. ¦ ' -
OATS— Receipts continue free, those yesterday
being 6320 ctls. ; The market continues dull and
unchanged. Grays, $1 10@l 20: whites, $115®
1 35; black,' $1@1 10, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
-. CORN — Chicago was nervous and sensitive,
advancing from 56%c to 57c and falling back to
55%c. " The stalwart bulls 5 started In to buy
again on the strength of Snow's estimate of a
croo condition of 50."" • ": f- -'. ~ - ¦¦¦
: i There was nothing new in this market. Small
round , Yellow, $1 75; Eastern Yellow, $1 65;
White, $1 75@1 SO per; ctl ; mixed, $1 65. ••• . ¦
1 RYE— 75@77^c • per ctl.- " , •¦
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
CALL" BOARD SALES.
• Informal ; Session — 9:15 - o'cloek — December
14,000 «tis. $1 00%. . . / ..;<.
' Second Session — No sales. - ' ;.-.'•
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$100»,i. ¦ ¦ .
> Afternoon Session— December— 8000 ctls, $1 00%.
May— 2000. $1 04%. ¦
- e BARLEY— Offerings continue very light, and
there is no business of. any consequence here,
but there, have been large purchases of shipping
grades in the country.
Feed, 73%c ; for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for. off grades; Brewing- and Shipping
grades, 77%@85c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
Exchange voted to adjourn from this afternoon
to Tuesday, ¦ over Labor day. . •-¦ -.-. ¦ .? • -
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%@97%c; milling, $1
@1 02Vi per ct. ¦...-.- . . ' '
$3000 Bay r Countles Power Co 5 per cent.. 107 00
20 Spring Valley Water .....86 50
$192,000 Spring Val <a (3d mtge), s 3.. ..102 uo
25 Hutchinson S P Co.. ...... .^. 18 23
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 12 00
30 Makawell ¦. • 26 23
50 Makawell .; • 26 50
60 Paauhau S P Co 12 50
"0 S F Gaa & Electric Co 39 73
300 Vlgorit Powder Co 4 00
TRE SA^ FK^NCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 1901.
market was easy. Creameries, 14@19%o; Dai
ries. ¦ 13@17c. : Cheese, steady, 9%@10%c. . Eggs,
steady; fresh,' 14c.. - : '
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET-
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS-
"* FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
8
STATIONS.
2 g
5? 5 !?=
fl f? -
05
.11
c £
E
Hollleter CT
Hanford 98".
San Jcee ;.... 78 ¦
Riverside 92 '
Palermo : g7
Santa. Maria....:.. 74'-
f.3
- 6S
56
48
f.»
SS
Clear * '.'.'.'.'. ''.'.'.';
NW ...I
STATIONS.
a
3
<»
He •-==¦ £,—
«k ni
mm
5
2.
E
Astoria 30.C4 66 52 S Clear .00
Bak*r... 23.90 S6 50 NW Cloudy .00
Olrson 29.94 82 52 SW Cloudy 00
Eureka 30.P2 56 52 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29. U 98 60 W Clear .00
riagstaff 30.05 66 54 N Cloudy .1.2
Pocatello. Idaho.. .». 90 SO £2 N Cloudy OS
Independence 29.78 S4 60 SE Clear .00
"Los Angeles 29.92 80 E2 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.S2 90 70 W Clear .32
Portland 29.92 82 58 JCW Clear .00
Red Bluff 23.R8 $6 64 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 23. S8 81 E2 XW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.90 78 54 S Clear T
Salt Lake 28.92 88 60 SE Cloudy .02
Ran Francisco 30.00 56 50 SW Cloudy T
Ban Luis Obispo.. .30.02 74 54 W Clear '00
San Diego 29.90 68 60 XIV Pt.Cldy .00
Seattle 30.00 78 54 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.94 88 54 N Clear .00
Neah Bay 30.02 62 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
Wp.lla. Walla..... ..29.88 94 .14 N 'Clear .00
trinnemuce* 29.76 ss 54 XW Clear 00
Tuma 29.76 10: 70 W Clear .00
STATIONS.
2 g
5? 5 !?=
fl f? -
05
.11
c £
E
Hollleter CT
Hanford 98".
San Jcee ;.... 78 ¦
Riverside 92 '
Palermo : g7
Santa. Maria....:.. 74'-
f.3
- 6S
56
48
f.»
SS
Clear * '.'.'.'.'. ''.'.'.';
NW ...I
STATIONS.
a
3
<»
He •-==¦ £,—
«k ni
mm
5
2.
E
Astoria 30.C4 66 52 S Clear .00
Bak*r... 23.90 S6 50 NW Cloudy .00
Olrson 29.94 82 52 SW Cloudy 00
Eureka 30.P2 56 52 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29. U 98 60 W Clear .00
riagstaff 30.05 66 54 N Cloudy .1.2
Pocatello. Idaho.. .». 90 SO £2 N Cloudy OS
Independence 29.78 S4 60 SE Clear .00
"Los Angeles 29.92 80 E2 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.S2 90 70 W Clear .32
Portland 29.92 82 58 JCW Clear .00
Red Bluff 23.R8 $6 64 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 23. S8 81 E2 XW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.90 78 54 S Clear T
Salt Lake 28.92 88 60 SE Cloudy .02
Ran Francisco 30.00 56 50 SW Cloudy T
Ban Luis Obispo.. .30.02 74 54 W Clear '00
San Diego 29.90 68 60 XIV Pt.Cldy .00
Seattle 30.00 78 54 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.94 88 54 N Clear .00
Neah Bay 30.02 62 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
Wp.lla. Walla..... ..29.88 94 .14 N 'Clear .00
trinnemuce* 29.76 ss 54 XW Clear 00
Tuma 29.76 10: 70 W Clear .00of the stockholders might be organizing
. to change the management of the road
¦ and I might not know anything about it;
• such a thing might ( be probable. ¦ They
might be doing all- this and I would not
know anything about it. . Yes, this
might be probable— it might be 1 probable."
President Stetson professed not to
know that there is such a man in the em
ploy of the company as Mundell. • But in
quiry in the outer office gleaned the infor
mation that Mundell is a conductor em
ployed on the Cazadero run.
From Mr. Stetson's tone yesterday he
certainly will not relinquish his office as
manager of the road without a severe
struggle. He has been the executive head
since the company's original corporation
in 1S7L • •
In the past few years the road has had
an immense amount of travel, especially
The new board is composed entirely of
active newspaper men. Its policy will be
to make the Press Club what it should be
— headquarters for the working newspa
per men of the city and visiting journal
ists. The club is In excellent condition,
with a large membership roll and a good
bank account. Its cozy quarters In the
Press Club building have become the pop
ular place of recreation for men in the
various professions.
The installation ; of the new board of
managers will take place in the jinks
room of the club next Thursday evening.
There will be an informal smoker in con
nection with the event:
, . . . ¦ #
during the summer months. Whether
through mismanagement or through
sheer bad luck, there have been many
railroad accidents. The ferry-boats
used by the company to carry the pas
.sengers and freight, across the. bay have
very frequently broken down. A number
of the stockholders claim that with the
appointment of Mundell to the position
of manager all these accidents will cease.
The railway is on a splendid paying* ba
sis. In the last annual report of the
Railroad Commissioners the road is
quoted as earning $423,123 99. The stock
holders say that by placing in a younger
man as manager, and with a number of
necessary improvements, these earnings
could be considerably increased.
In the meantime hostilities have ceased
until the return of A. Borel, Should the
reform clique meet with victory at the
next stockholders' meeting W. R. Mun
dell will be promoted from an ordinary
conductor to the responsible position of
general manager.
PRESIDENT. OF NORTH PA
CIFIC COAST RAILWAY AND
HIS PROBABLE SUCCESSOR.
OAKLAND. Aug. 29.— Mayor Barstow
to-day vetoed the ordinance to increase
the salary of Deputy , City Treasurer
George E. Gross from $100 to $123 a month.
Mayor Vetoes Salary Increase.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Joseph Newgard.
who stole a horse from S F. Mornll of
Piedmont, his former employer, pleaded
cuilty to a charge of grand larceny in
Judge Melvin's court this morning and
will be sentenced next Tuesday. Newgard
gold the stolen horse in 6_an Francisco.
Horse Thief Pleads Guilty.
OAKLAND. Aug. 29.— An election- will
be held -to-morrow, at Fruitvale : to decide
whether-; a" high' school district shall .be
formed. The polling;place will be at the
Fruitvale . schoolhouse, P'ruitvale avenue
and Tallant street. There is a division of
sentiment . upon the ; subject '( .
School • Election at Fruitvale.
Struck : by a Switch Engine.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 29.-While trying : to
quiet a horse attached to a delivery wagon
Jules Harron of San Francisco was struck
by a switch engine of the narrow gauge
line at« High street. His shoulder ¦ was
broken and hid body . badly .bruised. V Th«
horse stood on the track and refused to
move and in the meantime the: engine
bore down on the victim of the accident.
Sues for High Interest.
OAKLAND. Aug". 29.-Suit was brought
to-day by Cyrus W. Kelley. a money
W-nder. for the recovery of $100 on a prom
issory note and interest from June 28 last
.at the rate of 5 per cent per month, C. J.
h Jensen being the defendant in the action.
Jensen gave Kelley a chattel mortgage
on his horses, waKons and other farming
utensils, but has been unable to keep up
his interest payments.
OAKLAND. Aug. J 20.— The funeral of
Mrs. Emma "Webster, mother of George
Webster, the actor, now playing at the
Alcazar Theater, will be held Friday aft
ernoon from her late residence, 819 Twen
ty-first street. The remains will be placed
in a receiving vault at Mountain View
Cemetery pending the arrival of her hus
band's body from Alaska, where he re
cently passed away. Mrs. Webster waa
stricken suddenly on . Wednesday with a
hemorrhage of the lungs, death following
in a few hours.
Funeral of Mrs. Emma Webster.
OAKLAND. Aug. 29.— Filedlus Avery of
Berkeley was granted a divorce to-day
from Elizabeth C. Avery on the ground of
desertion.' The plaintiff asserts that his
wife left. him more than a year ago for
some reason unknown to himself and : re
fuses to return, although he has tried to
Induce her to do so. Mary Davis asks for
a divorce from David Da\i3 because he
deserted he.r. The couple, have been mar
ried twenty years. . . ' .
Refuses to Return to Husband.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29. —Announcement
was made' to-day at Pleasanton of the
marriage last Easter of -Miss Fannie Hay,
teacher in the Pleasanton School, and
Arthur \V. Ralph, a young merchant- of
that town. The secret 'had been so well
buried that friends of the couple .were
astonished when the situation was made
public. • ¦ Mrs. Ralph told the story at a
meeting of : the Pleasanton Ladies' Aid
Society.. of which she has been an active
member. - Congratulations were , imme
diately in order. .
The young .bride continues in, her posi
tion at the school, but will resign, it is
expected, at the close pf-the term to be
come'the mistress of her own home. ; The
groom is a nephew of I.,W. Ralph; a pio
neer merchant of Alvarado.' r: .;_¦ ¦
Miss Fannie Hay of Fleasanton Has
Been a Bride Since Last
. - Easter. :.
• Mrs. Roy:Mauvais gave a euchre party
this evening at her pretty home near the
lake: The decorations were in yellow and
red. .Among the "guests were : ; .'Mr.' and
Mrs.. James Tyson, Mr. and Mrs.' George
Tyson. -Mr. ; and Mrs. Felton Taylor, "Mr.
and Mrs. Churchill -Taylor, Mr. and -Mrs."
Ernest Taylor; Mr. and , Mrs. Willard Wil
liamson, • Mr. '¦"-: and Mrs. Carl Bachelder,
Mr^'and Mrs. cFrank Watson, > Dr. and
Mrs. J. J. - Medros, s Mr: and . Mrs. ¦ Charles
Lovell, Miss, Florence Stewart, Miss Ellie
Mitchell of Alameda, Mortimer , Tufts,
Fred Henkenius; and George . ,of
Alameda.^ Charles Dillon of n San Fran
cisco. ; Dr.-j E. '<¦>¦ B."-,* Boyes and -Dr. v E. .• J.
Boyes. ¦ .
The wedding of George Pollitt, assistant
superintendent of the Pacific Mutual Life
Insurance Company, and Miss Florence B.
Uglow of " San Francisco was solemnized
to-night.' , The ceremony took place at the
residence of Mr. and. Mrs. James Pollitt,
the groom's parents, at 671 Eleventh
street. Mr. Pollitt. was attended. by Wil
liam J. Kleferdorf. : The ¦bridesmaid was
Miss Lillian M. Harper. The Rev. Dwight
E. Potter,- pastor of: Unipn-strett Presby
terian Church/; of which the groom is or
ganist, was. the officiating clergyman.' The
wedding I was qu ietly ! celebrated,' I because
of the illness, of the groom's mother. She
was able to bo present at the^ceremony. _
SECRET MARRIAGE IS
GIVEN TO THE WORLD
ALAMEDA. Aug. 29.-The First Con
gregational Church held a meeting of
members last night for the purpose of
voting upon the selection of a new pastor
to succeed the Rev. W. W. .Scudder, who
retired from the pulpit several months
ago to take up home missionary work in
Washington. Some of the members, who
are referred to as the conservatives, op
posed the (selection of the Rev. Mr. Ford,
a young minister from -Santa Barbara
with advanced ideasj who is the candi
date of the element designated as the pro
gressives. "When the vote was taken It
was found that the conservatives had a
majorityof one. There were 125 members
present Several members made'epeeches.
The result of the vote will have the effect
of jfostponing the choosing of a new min
ister for an indefinite time.
Congregational Church Votes Not to
Elect New Minister Favored by
Progressives. y- : \,'- k -y.-. '¦'.¦¦?„ •'«.
CONSERVATIVE MEMBERS
WITT- BY ONE POINT
OAKLAND. Aug. 23.-A large frame
building, erected bIx years ago by Mrs.
Emma Loring from remnants of the Mid
winter Fair etructurcs, and situated on a
bill opposite the Piedmont Springs Club
House at Piedmont, was burned to-night
The place was known as the Midway
« astle because most of the material used
in its construction was from the ruins of
'hat portion of the fair buildings.
Mrs Loring had intended to build a ho
'r-1 but the structure was never com
pleted the owner exhausting her funds.
The fire, it is supposed, was caused by
• ramps The building was not permanent
!y occupied. It had been an eyesore in
the neighborhood for years. The names
broke out at 10:30 o'clock, making agreat
glare in the sky. The loss will not be
more than 1200^.
-Pmrnn goring at Piedmont Con
sumed by Flames.
Rambling Structure Built by Mrs.
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY.
EO-CAIXED "MIDWAY CASTLE"
IS DESTROYED BY FIRE
The storm of indignant protest and the
clamor of outraged ratepayers has forced
the company to put into public view such
a placard. The notice Is intended to re
lieve the pressure upon the company's
employes, who are besieged with demands
from consumers that the tremendously in
creased water rates shall be modified.. The
appeals are prolonged and incessant, so
widespread is the public condemnation of
the new figures. ' •
• Water rates have been fixed by the city au
thorities and have been made as low as poesl
ble. Don't ask for an exception to be made
In your case. If you have a complaint please
embody , it in a communication addressed to
this office. By bo doing you will save your
time and ours.
CONTRA COSTA "WATER COMPANY.
OAKLAND, r Aug. 29.-The following no
tice confronts patrons of the water com
pany "who are compelled to visit the.cor
poration's offices at Eighth street and
Broadway:
Water Company Makes Public Decla
ration for Benefit of 'Outraged
Rate Payers.
SAYS PEOPLE MUST i t ;Ai\'.'l;. 1 '
ASK FOR NO FAVORS
Short speeches encouraging the men
were made by Trainer Walter. Christie, L.
A. Womble.-the old varsity. man, and by
E. J. Brown, a graduate and former foot
balUmanager... \ > *•';';-.
The following, named freshmen ' signed
for practice:'.' ¦¦<&:¦. • '.*¦¦: *• ¦->'.'
T R. Plant, ,W. A. Jefferes, • H. H. ftoward;,
J T. : Van Loben Sels, Dudley: Saeltzer.W.H.
Merrall/'T.' E. ;Rlsley; • R. Street,; •. B." ; K.
Stroud, • L. Shay. Charles Volz, Tj. E. Schuess-
Icr. V. N. Metcalf . ; J. L. _ Dobbins, C. C.
This is an interesting occasion when wear*
about; to. begin the new system' of having' a
graduate , coach. I believe in it thoroughly, so
thoroughly that. I don't see how any one else
can think differently. The imported coach
looks upon the men ' as machines and drives
them 'for the purpose of making them win the
gams and give : him : a . reputation. .. The grad
uate coach looks upon the , players | as younger
brothers.. He is ready to sympathize with them
in their, trials and I believe. he ,will. be ab!e
to get the best .workout of them. ._ :,
gridiron athletics. The gathering
was an innovation at college. It was
prompted by the strong feeling of sym
pathy and union among the men and be
tween the men and -their coaches, -which
has been evoked by the adoption of' the
graduate coach system. The men were
assembled for the purpose of listening to
words of advice and suggestions from stu
dents of football tactics v and to get a
knowledge of what was expected of the
squad during training season.
The meeting was held in, room 18, North
Hall, and was attended by a large num
ber of enthusiastic athletes, faculty men
and graduates. ; Prospective .players
signed for practice after the meeting ad
journed. ' ¦ ..• >
Graduate. Manager Ezra Decoto pre
sided and opened the rally, saying in part:
We have met here to-day to have it ex
plained to you what kind of work you are' to
follow and what Is expected of you during foot
ball season. In reference to myself and my
relations with you I ask you to give me a
square deal and I will do the same by you.'
Professor L.du P. Syle next spoke to
the men, saying: ., . ¦ ¦'.;. \
I believe in < football. or. I wouldn't be here
to-day. , We are under the new. regime of the
graduate coach and I am glad that it has at -last
come about. I am glad to see the departure of
the professional coach. You men who are to'
play must yield implicit obedience to the
coach, but I -believe that he is the sort of a
man who will be glad to have you have opin
ions of your own and to offer suggestions' I
hope we shan't see too much of the Jubilant
spirit before the game. It's a first-class way
to lose. ; .
Dr. Frank Simpson, the' graduate coach,
next addressed the men, speaking in part'
as follows: . y
For good work we must have harmony among
tho men and coaches.' I don't believe in calling
a man down on the field, but Bometimes it is
necessary to speak sharply. If this occurs don't
take It as anything. personal, because It is for
the good of the team. I want to. say for the
captain and coaches that the best man for the
place will, win out, no matter who he is or
from what class he comes. ..There is.no getting
around that. ' '. - :; '..; " ' . ; ': ; - : :
Colonel G. C. Edwards of the faculty
said: . -.r ; :,'^' r:- " : 'Ai~' ' ".¦:¦';¦ •¦¦
¦ T-<?^ ERKELET, Aug. 29.— The Unlver-
J*/ Blty of California opened its foot-
ball season to-day by a general
. \ m^i/ . meeting of all. men interested In
After the case had been submitted with
out, argument Judge Greene said It waa
plain to him that fraud had been com
mitted. He then ordered that the deeds
to Finigan's daughters be set aside.
Settlements will be made with Finigan's
creditors now at about 73 cents on ] the
dollar
The trial of i the case went on to-day
after a series of delays extending over a
period of flve years from the time FInigan
asked, the courts of Mann County to de-'
clare him an Insolvent. FInigan has been '
successful in avoiding process servers and
the attorneys for M. F. Cochran, the as
signee., have been unsuccessful in gather
ing evidence. Finigan's daughters refused
to come to his aid, though they might
have saved the property in so doing.
When pressed on the stand to-day Finl
gan admitted that he had transferred the
property in Berkeley, which consists of
two houses and three lots, knowing that
he was unable to meet obligation*
amounting to $8000 or $10,000. He also
made the admission that he made the
deeds over without the knowledge of his
daughters, which was equivalent' to ac
knowledging that there was no considera
tion. His memory served him poorly upon
most of the Incidents relating to tho !
transfers and Insolvency proceedings. He
could not recall whether he handed i the
deeds to either of his daughters, not even
when his own attorney asked him ques
tions concerning the transactions
Assignee Cochran testified that at the
time of Finigan's failure in 1S96 the only
asset he could find praa ownership in th«
FInigan mine In Calaveras County It waa
represented to be worth thousands of dol
lars, but was sold for only $160. Cochran
said he did not ascertain the valueless
condition of the mine until after lie had
sent an expert up to report upon it at a
cost of $200. He had to pay the difference
between $160 and $200 out of his own pock
et, besides many"' other dollars in court
costs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Aug. ».
In the effort to defeat his creditors when
he failed five years ago Colonel Peter A.
Finlgan of San Rafael transferred Berke
ley property valued at $12,000 to his three
daughters— Mary. Louise and Maud Finl
gan. Judge Greene decided to-day that
the transfers were fraudulent and that the
assignee of Finigan's estate was entitled
to recover the deeds.'
Finigan's Transfers to
the Daughters Are i
Fraudulent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 29.
The sign license tax ordinance, by which
the City Council proposed to raise $17,
000 revenue, has beeifc declared unconsti
tutional and Invalid by Police Judge Atrior
tlmer Smith, who to-day rendered a
lengthy decision sustaining the conten
tions of Walter Meese, a* Washington
stieet merchant, who resisted payment of
the tax.
The chief point upon which his Honor
held against the validity of the ordinance
was that its previsions clearly discrimi
nated as between residents and non-resi
dents who might do business in Oakland
using signs. Judge Smith said:
"There is no question in my mind that
this ordinance discriminates against busi
ness men in this city who erect signs and
non-residents who erect business or adver
tising signs in the city of Oakland. It is
agreed by counsel on both sides that
where an ordinance discriminates in this
manner It is void. It has been held by
the Supreme Court that where an ordl
nnr.ee applies to the residents of a cer
tain county and does not apply to resi
dents of another county the ordinance is
unconstitutional and Invalid.
"You will readily see by reading section
1 of the ordinance that it does discriminate
between those doing business within the
corporate limits of the city of Oakland
and those who are without said limits,
but who erect signs for advertising pur
poses Therefore on the ground that the
ordinance is discriminating, hence void,
the court sustains the demurrer and or
ders the discharge of the defendant."
The objection to the ordinance under
Judge Smith's ruling is that it fails to en.
force the payment of a sign tax from any
person who might maintain a sign In Oak
land but did not reside here.
City Attorney Johnson announced that
no appeal would be taken, but immediate
action would be had to re-enact the sign
ordinance, with the objectionable elements
removed. Opponents of the tax declare
they have many other grounds of attack
which were not touched during the con
test, but will be utilized should another
ordinance be passed. Only $1000 had been
collected under the ordinance which was
nullified by to-day's decision.
Dispatches received from "Washington
to-day by Senator George C. Perkins re
move- all fear that the contract for the
completion of the tidal canal will be held
up bv the War Department. One of the
messages Is from Attorney General Knox,
informing the California. Senator that he
has advised the Secretary of War that
rthe contract cannot be abrogated, while
the other Is from the Assistant Secretary
1 of War, stating that he has Instructed
the chief engineer to go ahead with the
improvement. The dispatches read as
follows:
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 28.
Hon. George C. Perkins: I have advised Sec
retary of War that the Congressional provisions
for Improvement of Oakland harbor are manda
tory, and work ehoold not be euspenfled to
await further Congressional action. I under
stand this was your contention. Under the cir
cuast&cces do you desire hearing?
KXOX. Attorney General.
TV-ASHIXGTON'. D. C. Au*. 28.
Hon. George C Perkins, United States Sena
tor, Oakland, CaL: Chief of Engineers has
thU day been instructed to complete contract
for tidal ™>"«i, Oakland harbor.
WILLIAM CART SAXGER, '
Assistant Secretary of War.-
On top of these telegrams advices came
to-day that the Secretary of War has
signed the contracts on behalf of the
Government. The work can therefore pro
ceed without further hindrance. _.;;;
The people of Alameda especially will
breathe sighs of relief when they read the
assurances that the .canal project is to
go forward, as they have been on the
anxious seat ever since it was announced
that Chirman Burton of the House Rivers
and Harbors Committee was trying to
hold up the contract in Washington.
The contract for the completion of the
tidal canal was awarded three months
ago to the Atlantic. Pacific and Gulf
Dredging Company for $233,000. It calls
for the removal of 1,600,000 cubic yards of
earth The contractors began work Im
mediately and had spent efcmcthlng- like
$24,000 in preliminary surveys and dams
when the contract was temporarily held
up and matters came to a. standstill' to
await the action of the authorities at
Washington.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 29.
DEEDS ARE VOID
SAYS THE COURT
Mr. and Mrs. Brunns returned home
to-day to face the ordeal. But there
was no ordeal to face. The young groom
went with his bride to her parents' resi
dence, where her father, James Woods,
an old resident of Golden Gate, was wait
ing to meet them. He remonstrated a
bit because they had not taken him into
their confidence. But blessings were
freely showered upon the elopers, and
that was the end of it.
The groom's father, D. H. Brunns, an
old-time merchant of Berkeley, had next
to be considered. With his new father
in-law young Brunns went to the fam
ily residence this afternoon and the situ
ation was explained. Again there were
murmurs of dissatisfaction that the
young man had not confided In his rela
tives. Then the Brunns contingent join
ed forces with the bride's relatives in of
fering congratulations.
There was a celebration to-night at the
Woods residence in honor of the event.
The bride Is a sister to Johnny Woods
and J. T. Woods, the clever jockeys, who
are now riding successfully at Saratoga.-
Mrs. Brunns is 20 years old, being her
husband's junior by three years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 29.
To avoid possible objections on the
part of parents, Miss Hannah Q. Wood3
of Golden Gate eloped Tuesday with D.
H. Brunns of Berkeley, the couple flee
ing to San Jose, where they were mar
ried by Justice of the Peace E. M. Ro
senthaL Yesterday the young runaways
.went to the residence of George Mitchell,
a relative living in San Francisco, broke
the .news of the match to him and re
quested that he assist them in straight
ening; out matters at home.
Judge Smith Decides the
Tax to Be Uncon
stitutional.
Editor Stearns' associates on tha staff
of the Aegis are Irving Morrow, Frank
Robinson, Beulah Summers and .' Grace
Davis. • ,¦ 7 ¦-!.-- ¦ • "-.
We realize i the financial predicament of the
board and fully appreciate its condition; but in
spite of this we, the students of the school,
petition them to modify a policy which is detri
mental to our own interests and theirs.
Mr. Pond has remained non-committal on the
subject, but it must be extremely 'embarrassing
for an ambitious principal to begin his career
here after the resignation of his most . expe
rienced teachers. . ..,.,.
Oakland,, we may venture to say,, has, In the
past years won the reputation of being: the edu
cational center of the State; and this reputa
tion'has been due to the fact that she has taken
pains • that her faculty should rank among the
highest on the coast. But the recent step taken
by the board in cutting down -salaries of the
teachers has obliged three. of our most experi
enced instructors to leave for more profitable
positions; not' only have some of our best left,
but more are preparing • to leave. The Aegis
does not wish to be presumptuous, but if the
board will allow us a little freedom of speech
we should like -to give an expression of our
fears, for which we believe we have sufficient
ground. . The very fact that other cities are
eager to give positions to our. teachers should
convince the board of their worth to . the
school. ....:...-
When the salaries of the teachers were cur
tailed, followed by the resignation some of
our best instructors,, the members of the school
had anything: but admiration for the board; and
although this feeling of animosity has some
what lessened," we all realize that the progress
of the school has been greatly retarded. In a
way the affair seems to be hardly any of our
business, but the sentiment of the students and
our own realization of its importance will not
permit us to pass over the matter unnoticed. ¦
The Board of Education has always listened
with respect and courtesy to the requests of the
students, and we believe if we now come to
them in the right spirit they will find no cause
for exceptions.
The young writer says:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, 1118 Broadway, Aug. 29.
With the first number of this year's
Aegis, the Oakland iiigh School students*
official publication, Editor Elbert P.
Stearns, a student, has opened a broad
side upon the Board of Education for cut
ting salaries of high school instructors,
thereby losing several valued members of
the faculty, who resigned rather than
work for. the reduced compensation. .;.-.,»,
Editor "Steams' article has created a
stir in city . educational circles. Despite
possible consequences, the embryonic
journalist •wields his pen fearlessly and
tha School Department is wanting to hear
whether anything will drop.
• The criticism openly declares that the
Board of Education's policy has cost the
High School standing- and dignity: . that
the new principal, James H. Pond,- has
been seriously hampered,' and/an earnest
appeal is made for a change.. \
The varsity men Will form a strong
nucleus around which "to reconstruct and
bu'lda new team. Several of:the'fresh
nu.n are promising candidates and there
Is gcod material among the old men who
played on the second eleven • or on the
freshmen team last year. : • . -. •
W. W." Smith, formerly captain of the
team, is ¦ out of the game '¦ entirely. ¦ He
was dropped . from the university on ac
count of deficiency in studies, but entered
the State Dental College with the expecta
tion ' of playing at ' Berkeley. President
Wheeler refused to allow him to do so and
Smith accepted; a position to coach r the
University of Oregon eleven. . He will de
part for the north soon:
R. Lyon,.F. W. Skinner, TV. Wright, A. R.
Powers, F. C. Doremus, H. Hendrlcks, C. D.
Stai+, R. L. Williams, R.--W. McCormlck, B.
T. McLean J. A. Harris, J. C. Pickett, T. W.
Dibbleo, P. F. Phillips, J. A. Gendottl. J. O.
Hansen, L. A. .Decoto. C. : Cook, L. S. O'Toole,
J. R. Buchanan. J. C. Whlpple, T. Rowland, E.
Fautz, H. ' Hector, R. P. Sherman and E. H.
Sawyer.
Eight of the old varsity men are left.
They are the following: named:
L. A. Womble, Orvall Overall, John More,
Ernest Duden, P. T. Clay. Sam Stowe. W. B.
Albertson and C. H. Hudson. .
Gowanlock, H. Harold, W. "W. Chandler, L. E.
Bulkeley, J. Danser, L. C. Leavitt, J. W.
Wallop, C. Cummlngs, S. P. Koch, D. M.
Evans, D. Dietrich. P. Schilling. E. S. Rust,
N. S. Kelsey. A. F. Ross. F. W. Savage. J.
WO Gastrlch. Sanderson. Geary. Demerltt and
P. Snowden.
'Men who have registered at college after
at least a year's practice on the gridiron
are as follows: ¦¦;.••'... •
"I was in Oakland all day yesterday
paying bills,. and it is possible that some
footpad saw- me with money and followed
me to Berkeley. I lost $103,. all of which
was mine except $20." .
Woolley conducts a produce business in
Lorin. 1 He was not badly hurt by ] the
footpad's blow. *
BERKELEY, Aug. 29.-Dan Woolley of
Lorin was knocked' senseless last night
by a footpad and his pockets rifled. . ¦ He
lay unconscious for fully fifteen minutes
before he was discovered by three young
men, Charles Griffith, J.'- Crew and j A.
Bishop. Woolley claims to have had $95
In gold and ?8 in silver stolen from him.
The robbery occurred shortly before 8
o'clock. Woolley was leading a cow along
Alcatraz avenue, near King street, when
a man leaped from the shadow of a hedge
and struck him with some blunt Instru
ment. Woolley fell and lay unconscious
until he was carried to his home near by
and restored with .stimulants. .'Marshal
Kerns, who has been working on* the case,
believes the work to be that of some
Oakland criminal. Woolley said to-day:
Secretary of "War Orders
the Completion of
Work.
Young Couple, Fearing
Objection to Match,
Run Away.
NEWSPAPER MEN WHO WILL
CONTROL THE. DESTINIES
OF THE PRESS CLUB.
DECLARES SIGN
ORDINANCE VOID
Cut in Salaries of High
School Teachers Ts^'M-
Knocks Lorin Man Sense
less and Then Robs
Him.
ELOPE TO SAN
JOSE AND WED
STUDEHT EDITOR
ATTACKS BOARD
FOOTPAD GETS
RICH RETURNS
Librarian — C. Horatio Jessen.
¦ Directors— Fred S. . Myrtle, Li. G. Carpenter.
Frank C. Dyer, James P. Booth, Arthur In
kersley and George \V. Trowbridge.
p=-ry^ HE Press Club of San Francisco
I held its annual election of offi-
I cers yesterday. For the first time
11. in years there was no contest over
the presidency, L. Edmund Stover
winning without opposition. The new
board of managers of the club will foe
composed as follows:
President— L. Edmund Stover.
' Vice president— A. T. Dobson.
Secretary— Elmore LefflngwelL
Treasurer— T. F. Bonnet.
TIDAL CANAL
PROJECT SAFE
A. Borel. who is treasurer of the com
p«ry, U at present in the East. He will
be i home shortly, and with his return a
call to annsiwill be made. A fierce fight
will ensue in an attempt to take the man
agement of the road out of Stetson's
hands.
The dissatisfied spirits in the road have
made many complaints against President
Stetson's policy.
J. B. Stetson was *een yesterday at the
offices of the railroad and was asked con
cerning the proposed change.
"Is it not a fact, Mr. Stetson, that you
sre shortly to relinquish the management
cf the road and that W. R. Mundell is to
act in your place?" he was asked.
"Well. I have not heard anything about
it," he replied. "Where did # you get the
news?" he added.
"It is common rumor," he was Informed.
"Well, well," Stetson replied. "You
know such a thing might happen, and
then again it* might not happen. Some
FOOTBALL TALK
AT BERKELEY
Action on the protests was deferred on
the motion of Wixson • to refer them to
the Council without recommendation.
They will be disposed of at the next meet
ing of the Council.
The Council finally passed an ordinance
to create the position of Assistant City
Attorney to work on the water rates case
appeal.
The License Committee listened to the
protests of many West Oakland people
against saloons run by James K. Dick
inson and J. Bernardo. The._testimony of
several witnesses was- offered in support
of petitions that had - been filed by the
Protestants. - Witnesses • 1 residing 11 ; in 'the
neighborhood of the. saloons .told of their
generally bad reputations.
Rev. J. B. McNally of St. Patrick's
Church addressed the committee. He said
that he had been asked by the men and
women of his parish to use his influence
to have the vice and Immorality that ex
ists in the saloons and their : vicinity
stopped. He insisted that it was the duty
of -the Councilmen to suppress the saloons
that were doing so much, he declared, to
disrupt the morals of the young and un
fortunate.
No Action on Protests.
When it was all over Cuvellier and
Dornln both explained that they had been
under a misapprehension about the sten
ographer's position, because the majority
of the Council had not seen fit to advise
them of what was intended.
"I don't care if you are taller and big
ger than I am. You've been nagging at
me ever since you came into this Coun
cil and there's a limit to things. It's got
to stop now." ¦¦..,.
Wixson reiterated his opinion "of his
colleague, and pale with anger left the
room.
The tall Councilman started for the lit
tle man, who shouted: "You're a liar, a
coward and a tool." Then the blows came
rapidly and Cuvellier landed, twice before
the president and i the other Councilmen
present managed to stop hostilities. '¦ '
As they led Cuvellier away he vehe
mently announced for Wlxson's benefit:
"And I am sincere in this," continued
Cuvellier, addressing Schaffer and Wix
son, who were sitting near in chairs, while
the speaker sat on a desk.
"I don't believe you are sincere," inter
rupted Wixson. ¦ :i
"What's that?" demanded Cuvellier,
jumping off the desk and walking up to
his tall opponent, who got quickly to his
feet. •
Wixson continued to assert his belief,
and somebody said '"Liar." '
Doubt of Sincerity Causes Fight;
"I misunderstood the situation," Cuvel
lier was explaining. "Since then I learn
that Mr. Johnson is satisfied with the ar
rangement and that it .is not expected
that this stenographer shall be an expert
at ?50. Now I want to take back what I
said In that connection. •:....
The outbreak occurred immediately
after the adjournment of , the License
Committee, which had been in session in
the main Council chamber listening to
protests against. West Oakland saloons.
Councilmen Cuvellier, Wlxson, Fitzgerald,
Schaffer and Dornln had remained behind
in the chambers while the other members
of the Council had retired to the Clerk's
office to continue committee work. Cuvel
lier and Dornin on one side and Schaffer
and Wixson on the other, end, of the talk
were discussing,! the speech which was
made at the last' Council meeting by
Cuvellier.' when he scored the Council, for
creating the position of stenographer in
the water rate appeal case.
1 With that Councilman B. Cv Cuvellier
jumped from a desk in the Council cham
ber to-night,- and," letting go both fists,
landed heavily on Councilman J.^S. Wix
son, who had started the: epithet-hurling.
The tall legislator from the Second "Ward
made a pass, at his short' opponent and
the two Councilmen started to mix mat
ters, when • President Louis." Schaffer
threw his bulky frame into the breach
and separated tne pugilistic city fathers.
While it lasted the battle .was warm.
As soon as the men were parted, with
cheeks glowing red and trembling from
anger, tney were led away by friends and
Quiet restored: ' - .. ¦ . • : ¦ ,..-.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
. : 1118 Broadway, Aug. 29.
"You're a~ liar, and you know it." . ••
"You/ re a coward, a fool and a tool and
a liar." . ¦ .. - . ., '. ¦
THE next meeting of the stock
holders of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad Company promises to be
a Btormy one, as many of the
stockholders, believing that Pres
ident J. B. Stetson is involved in too
many absorbing Interests, are not con
tent with his management and will seek
a new executive. If they gain their point
they will, it is said iri* railroad cir
cles, place w. R. Mundell, at present
a conductor on the road. In as general
manager and chief operative official.
Irate City Fathers Engage in
¦ , a Fight in tne Council
Chamber.
Cuvellier Lands on "Wix
son in Short, Blood
less Battle.
Want Conductor W. R, Mundell Appointed Manager of
North Pacific Coast Railroad.
ANGRY WORDS
LEAD TO BLOWS
PRESS CLUB'S NEW MANAGERS
ALL ACTIVE NEWSPAPER MEN
Popular Bohemian Organization Selects Its Board of
Directors for the Ensuing Year.
STOCKHOLDERS AGITATING
PRESIDENT STETSON'S REMOVAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; AUGUST 30, 1901.
r '
9THE SANFRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY; AUGUST 30, 1901. '
10
HELP WANTED~BL4XE---4Pon. , ¦
A— MURRAY & READY. . . ... Phone Main 6843
..Leading Employment - and .Labor Agents..
Want 7 a. m. to-day
..•.:........... SPECIAL TO-DAY
A carload of laborers, Santa J)e system.......
Stockton, Fresno and Bakersfleld.. ...'.:
and other districts...... free fare
...60 teamsters. Ukiah,' $2 a day........
...60 laborers, Ukiah, $2 a day
25 steel track and ballast men, Ukiah.........
Free ta.re:.........rri........ ...ship to-day
Blacksmith,. R. R. cams. free. fare
...»MINEHS- LABORERS ........
7 single-hand miners, . different mines, $75, $60
and $42 and fd 10 muckers, $60 and fd.
2 laborers, small mine, $37 50 and * f d. ; 10 la-
borers, surface work, mine, no experience re-
, quired, $40 and $48 and fd.; 5 quarrymen. $60;
- 8 laborera, ' brick yard, $30 and fd. ;\2 labor-
ers, factory, $175 day....
25 tunnelmen, drillers and laborers, . north, re-
duced R.R.. fares........
10 pick and shovel men, city, steady work,
$2 day; 8 laborers for a large company, > city,
.. $42 and fd.; 5 laborers, $60.
'SAWMILLS AND WOODS
10 laborers to work in the mills, yards and
woods of a large lumber company, no experi-
ence required .:. $35 and fd.
20 teamsters, country.. ;.$2 and $2 25 day
, Brick , molder, $40 to $50 and f d. ; carriage
painter; ranch carpenter $35 to $40 and fd.
Old man to work in^aaint shop; man and
wife, small ranch, $35; buggy washer, coun-
- try stable. $30 and f d. ; 3 stablemen, $50, $40
and $30 and fd. ; woodchoppers and tiemak-
ers; 10 fruit pickers, $30 and found; 15 farm
and orchard hands, $26 and $30; -2 milkers,
Mendocino County; peach packer.. $30 and fd.
5 men to pitch bundle; for thrashing outfit,
?40 and fd
. .HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...."'.'.'.'"
. . Second cook for a mine, $40 and found, fare
paid; second cook and two dishwashers, log-
ging camp, $50 and $30 and found: first and
•econd baker, country shop ; chief cook, boat.
$60; 7 cooks, 6 waiters, kitchen help, etc.;
dishwasher and potwasher, $8 week, no Sun-
day work.
Dry goods clerk, country merchandise atore.
- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 104 Geary st
Railroad , Work Railroad Work
Free Iare • • Free fare
FOR UKIAH
J?0 teamsters ." ...; $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
j FOR 4 NEVADA
2o teamsters J2 a da y
25 laborers $2 a day
• •• FOR/TRUCKEE
2o mason's helpers $175 to $2
; 50 laborers ;. $175
•••••••¦ FOR CHATS WORTH PARK
100. drillers and headers ...... $2 25 to $2 50
lOOmuskers and laborers $2
• FOR SANTA 'FE SYSTEM .........
B0 laborers, section work ; ....$1.75
Free fare Ship, daily Free fare
20 laborers, city. $2 a day; 10 laborers, saw-
mills and woods, $2 a day; 2 farmers and
wives, $40 and $45.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel butcher, must be good carver, $70 to
$80; roast cook, hotel, $70; cook- and helper,
country hotel, $70; cook and dishwasher,
country hotel, $60; baker and pastry cook, ho-
. tel in Arizona, $50 to $55 and free fare; pot-
washer and vegetableman for an Institution,
country, $30 each; kitchen hand, institution,
country. $30; 3 porters, country hotels, $30 and
$25; 2 waiters, $30; 2 dishwashers, $30, for
.sawmill camp; 6 waiters, country, $35, $30 and
$25; butcher, country shop, $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
¦ ¦ 1
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
59 Third st, near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS ...........
UKIAH! ; UKIAH!
FREE FARE
60 R. R. laborera Ukiah... $2 per day
60 axmen and teamsters.. Ukiah.. $2 25 per day
Free fare to Bakersfleld and Fresno divisions. \
50 shovelers for the Santa Fe j
Man to chop wood on ranch, $30 per mo. & fd. i
Porter for rooming-house $30 and room I
MAN and wife for private pla'ce, $35; see party
here 10 a. m. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. 335
Geary st. ¦ -
RESPONSIBLE man to take care of hunting
reservation; see party here. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment- 927 Market st. room 207,
I. LESS, secretary; telephone ! Jessie 1176. "
500 TEAMSTERS; steady employment; good
wages. Apply Lumber Dealers' Association,
209 Examiner building.
. * ' " ' ' %.'•, ,;".
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
"WANTED— A bright young man who lives with
his parents to act as office assistant; must
be a good penman and correct at figures; in
answering this state ago and mention refer-
enceB. Address box 12. Call office.
ENGINEER for eight h.-p. Hercules gas en-
gine; permanent employment for a compe-
tent' and industrious man. Apply at 215
California st. :
WANTED— Dress goods, domestic and gents'
furnishing goods salesmen. Apply at HALE
BROS.' between 8 and 11 a. . m. % •
WANTED— Two salesmen for retail tea and
coffee business; give references and expe-
rlence. Box 4849, Call office.
WANTED— Drug clerk (young man). . 8 or 4
years' experience. Junction Pharmacy. 2000
Market St.; call bet. 8 and 12 o'clock to-day.
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors ;
non-union; no office fees.. Mechanics' Regls-
tratlon Bureau, .410 Kearny. st, room 24. 1
WANTED— Active man; light, genteel work;
pay $15 to $18 per week; steady place; must
yhave $150 cash. 765 Market st. room 3.
UNDERPRESSER on pants wanted by S N.
WOOD & CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st r
F.IRST-CLASS ladles' ¦ tailors. A. KAHN, < 142
. Geary at.
GERMAN boy to learn plumbing trade. GRA-
' HAM & LOANE. 439. Fifth St.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, porters, dishwash-
ers and kitchen help; no fee. 127 Mason st.
FIVE -men wanted to pick' prunes; Delmas
i ranch. : Address box 10, Call office.
LADY barber, first-class, wants place to work.
Box 15, Call office. /
WANTED— Dishwasher, small restaurant 108
• Hayes st.
BRIGHT boy for printing office; address in
own writing; references. Box 13, Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
- price. 563 Mission st.T bet. 1st and 2d sts. >
WANTED— Young man to help ¦ in - bread fac-
tory. 336 Third. st.
WANTED — Cabinet-maker's assistant; light
work ; steady. Address box 14, Call office.
DISHWASHER at 226' East st.; call 6 o'clock.
TWO first-class carpenters at 2007 Fillmore st,
near Pine; come early and bring tools.
DISHWASHER. 815 Grant ave. '
WANTED— An experienced dishwasher at 143S
Turk at., corner Steiner. -.„;';!
WANTED— Paperhanger. Apply before 8 a.
¦ m., 1032 Golden Gate ave. .
SHOP boy wanted. 2134 Flllmora st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday, $4 50.
V618 Broadway. -
FOR BALIS— First-class hotelvbarber shop in
mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 7th st
BARBER shop for sale at a bargain. Apply
WILL & FINCK.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st '
WANTED— First-class salesman for domestic
" -department; state age, experience, salary ex-
pected. Address box 4970, Call office.
WANTED— Bar porter, 20 to -25 years of age;
one who has had experience • In drawing beer;
.-. must be wllllnff • to make himself generally
useful; state where formerly employed. Ad-
. dress box 4953, Call.-
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks: positions secured ' at $60 monthly:
special Inducements this month; ; write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third . St. ; 150 large
rooms ; 25c : per night ; ; $1 to $2 per week. ¦.
GET i your shoes half-soled 'while waiting; 25c
to 50c. B63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Young man ' with small ¦ cash : $35
month ' and found ;: no experience.- 496.4th sf
GAS fixture makers wanted. A." MERLE COM-
:. PANY, 517-519 Mission at. :,, .,, ¦.- .
BOY wanted \ for ¦" Jewelry store; state ref er-
-;: ences. Box : 4834, Call. Y ...
McDONALD &; PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand, shoes for .sale; 50c up. ,241 Third St., ,
100 ORDINARY teamsters. 'Apply at 232 Mont-
1 gomery ¦¦ st " ,". : ¦•¦;¦.
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
-3 tels. V MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st.
WANTED— Men for . light \ work on fruit.- 1731
-Folsom st.7.> .,. . , . . .;
YOUNG man to do Janitor. work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
-WANTED— 500 ' men , to * buy s new and • 2d-hand
army, shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WANTBD--MALE-. -Cow.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, "brush <
• and shovel -men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
. near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
- 33P' ere 2* ln , State - ;San Francisco Construction
Ob., 26 Montgomery st, room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. . . .... ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from lerry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions i
received at Call branch office, 220O Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
" Valencia st. -.
_ HORSES AND WAGOTS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO., 35 Pore st. S. F;
HORSE and wagon; party going East; must
sell this week. 1240 Fqlsom st
FOR sale— Nearly new business: alsa leather
top light buggy. 1453 Devisadero st. :¦
SECOND-HAND milk wagon and buefry for
sale. NE. corner Steiner and Waller sts.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. S|8 Harrison.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the~ ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co. ; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. -
'ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express 'wagon, single: also light
- camping wagon for sale, cheap 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOSPITALS.
,- - / - ., .-
MENTAL & nervous diseases , cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass s$.. San Fran.
HOUSES ,TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— House of 5 rooms; large yard. 2307
Polk St.. J ,
HOUSES TO LET; — FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished; 6 rooms and bath; piano;
large yard: 3 or 6 months; rent moderate.
Box 4S41. Call office.
HOUSES TO LEASE.
HOUSE to lease and furniture for sale; well ap-
pointed furnishings; 10 rooms; rent $75 for
house, or will rent house furnished for 18
¦ months. Box 4836, Call office.
HOUSES TO LEASE FCRXISHED.
HOUSE of 10 sunny rooms, elegantly furnished,
to rent for 1 year or lease for 2 or more
years; centrally located; $123 a month. Box
4835. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET IX SAX RAFAEU
SAN RAFAEL cottage house, 6 rooms: finely
¦furnished: modern conveniences ; finest view;
convenient to depots; plenty grounds; no
children. Address box 4808. Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— From Eleventh ave.. year-old greyhound
dog; color red fawn. Return to 726 Four-
teenth st; reward.
LOST— A- fox terrier pup, male; black back,
black and tan head. Return to 611 Powell
st. ; reward.
LOST— Bunch of keys. Reward at 1925 Polk
• street. "
LOST— St. Bernard dog. sable and white mark-
ings; name, Emperor. 16 Third st.; reward.
LOST— Going from foot Market st to Larkin.
on Sutter-st. car, purse containing watch with
Initials J. M. K. and- sum of money; liberal
reward. H. C. KELLER, 210 Sansome st
LOST— 2 gold rings, one horseshoe design and
one green stone setting with red spot in cen-
ter; valued as a keepsake from a saint sister;
reward. Return to 2701 Sutter St.. bakery.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold to make new watch cases. -. ..y : H
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
SIATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.~ ~~
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
, medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in
all cases taken; the most obstinate cases
have been relieved' by my treatments; free
confidential advice on} all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st
RETURNED
' MRS. DAVTES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will bo pleased to see her friends at
tha old number. 1228 Market st
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVHSS' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
In confinement 1126 Market st. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
- weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market st. corner 3ixth: entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
' dies' specialist; a priv. home-before and dur-
lng confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market st to
410 O'Farrell st, between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell at., near Taylor.
— — — - ________
RICH placer claim for sale; S1C00. Address S..
8200 Flllmore st
AllSClSLLAiM!:ULl& FUK SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, - mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new ani
second hand; we always have a large stock oj
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
MiEsicn st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonograph*. Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 30; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary
A — BUYS. sell3 or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
_ etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear Bt
FOR sale— A thoroughbred fox terrier; beauti-
fully marked; age 12 months. 92S Mission st.,
near Mint.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exch. ;1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2V&-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedcra hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE -suits, a 0; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
FINE Inlaid parlor tables cheap. 1124 Elm
ave., near Scott st. -
15-HORSEPOWER engine and boiler; good as
new. 316 Railroad ave. - - :
FOR rent — New cigar store. . Inquire S23
Broadway, barber shop. . ".
SEWING' machine and stove and horse and
wagon; party going East. 1240 Folsom st.
A LOT of oil tanks, all sizes and shapes,
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
UNCALLED-FOR' suits from leading tailors.
Misfit Clothing Parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E..DOAK. 511 Mission st
MOVING nicture attachments for magic lan-
terns, $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or. install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny, r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J.SCHWERDT." 821 Mission st ,
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought sold.
. rented, exchanged. H. S. "White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
cry. J. BURKE, 139 Beale at.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steei-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD. & BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 i pages. -. sent to any . address In the
United * States or Canada one year for 91.
postage patd. "¦• y ' '. . .
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Folsom 252.2.
MONEY TO LOAX
AA-MANHAT^ASrLdA?TcOMP^?Y^ ""™ J "*Y
$300,000 at 8 per cent In sums to suit City ami
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition." any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages: securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and minin?
interests: corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE-E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advan«€s on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 943 Market
st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market: tel. Black 547L
BSTTNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
. Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, lat or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
Advances life insurance policies; Army and
Navy of fleers' salaries; accounts of bank books
in liquidation bought Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 63. 1
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
S25.000 IN trust to loan at J per cent; city or
country: see me before *oing elsewhere.
HARPER. 337 Parrott building. _^
A— ON real estate: lowest rate: no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON salaries or wages; no tndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2. \
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 601> Examiner building.
~~ MUSICAL ISSTniTMEXTS.
ALL^ia^oV^uTcbaseorof SHERMAN. CLAY~X
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright Dianos. $6 per
month: some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
AT BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 CFarreU it
14.000 square feet of warehouse space.
250 pianos and organs to select from.
New upright pianos from $151 up.
Second-hand pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up.
Agents for Chlckering. Vose. Sterling pianos.
Apollo, kins of pianists, plays every day.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American \
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great bar- M
gain list. $50 up; Steinway. $185 up: Fischer. J
$1(0: Chlckering. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
THE ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co/s strike ha«
been a very successful one. and they have
succeeded in placing more pianos at the lo%»
prices offered than their most sanguine ex-
pectations justified. For the rest of the month
we will sell*at 20 and 30 per cent discount
WE have had a good sale of Hazelton and
other high-grade pianos this week, but have
stock left; we now offer a fine stock of me-
dium-grade pianos very special; terms easy.
THE J. DEWING COMPANY, rooms 13, 13
and 14. Flood building. ~~
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim-s
within 3 years and full purchase- price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
'price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st; established lSaO. ¦ .
PIANOS— Steck. Everett. Hardman, Packard.
Ludwig and others; 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st fopp. Mason):
branch store. 951 Broadway, Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS! .
Sohmer, Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Ham-
ilton and SDielman pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MACZY'S. 308. S10. 312 Post.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $R Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st
WANTED — Four good square pianos. BYROH
MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st
STEINWAY. J2C0; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
$50— WEBER piano, cost $500. for sale on $8
installments. 1309 Gough st.. near Geary.
GREAT bargain in fine upright grand piano;
owner must leave city. 804 Geary st
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make: a sacrifice. Hornun(r*s. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' 3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sta.
LEFT on sale, $35 mahogany case Fischer up- \
right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st. >-'; Y
A B s R J ggN A N I : siggyg 1 '-"" plano tor **¦
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale chean.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, st
A FINE upright Dlano for sal* chean. gst
McAllister «t. - -..-—''
OFFICES ATO STORES TO LET.
ELLIS. 310— Newly carpeted, with or without
furniture, front and back parlors.
DESKROOM cheap; fine sunny office; attend-
ant: private phone. 727 Emma Sprocket* bldg.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order- all
siEes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission t
. PALMISTRY.
Chlrological College — Character reading diag-
nosing, palmistry, chlrology and graphology
taught; diplomas issued. Suite 451. Parrott big.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and fae*
reading: lessons given. «17 Jones st.
: PERSQSALS.
HOW to acquire a fortune!— Positively reliable:
for full particulars send 25c in silver to
MADAifDELANT, Stockton; 25 years' expe-
rience; "the only sure and quickest way";
must state age and place of birth; don't de-
lay; open for a few weeks only: write at \
once. - L
IF y ?i£ h £ Ir l8 fallln « or you are bald, call '
on DR.G.S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st. and
you ,. w11 . 1 not ** disappointed; this remedy U
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
50^^" 0^ 0^ .^roora «et: plate mirror.
?1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$.— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1323.
Eearey s Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
E H«SJ R i C rrl 1 E h , t J n every room— Winchester
S£ ? « SP 1 * 1 * »V.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $S per week;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
M H W » E ? K «?'~ Sul i? t0 order from genuine
scotch, $lo up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
- Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE trial-Superfluous hair permanently re- '
moved; new method; harmless; lady in at-
tendance. 935 Market, r. S; sample mailed. 25c.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING"
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
FACE massage. 50c; a new and scientific treat-
ment; done at 121 Mason st F. A. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint tfe* best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores mv
hair to its natural color; $1: at all dro" g'lsts!
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
; electric needle. MISS EATON. UQSutterrt
T M^ o t R^t A h?n E g £&*»: -fss £**,«*
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wi*s-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A Cq. 7^3 Mkl"
"* # , W S for 5 Ce "t9-The Weekly Call.
_? M T * a «TH*« JO? JBddBJA UJ 'CdftBd JI
PLANIXG AND TPRX1XG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Bhaplns
. "^L 8 *!!*?*' CAJ U* F. HAAS. 95 Fremont §U
. - . v. : . . FLATS TO" • LET. ,-'_.. .• •. ¦
HOUSES, FLATS AND COTTAGES.
954 Eddy;tu. f.V9r..$65 417 Jones; l.:f. • r...$27
1164 Ellis; m. f.; s r. 50 2302 Webster; c. 6 r.. 20
2414 Van Ness; m.f.Sr 45 1211& Turk; u. f. 4 r. J4
1192 Ellis; u:,f. 8 r.'. 45 3672A 16th;. 1: -I. « T.. 1
'¦''.' . - ¦ A. M. SPECK & CO.,' 667 Market st
LOWER . sunny, 7 r.oom«; Modern' and up-to-
: 'date; marine' view; see it; 1 to 5. Van Ness
\ ave.. and Union et. • l ¦..-•¦ '
GOLDEN t» ATE ave., 975,- opposite Jefferson
• square — New "upper sunny modern flat; 6
; rooms and bath. ¦ ..
COLE, 769-771, ' bet. Beulah and Frederick stF.—
. Fine ' new sunny flats, 7 . rooms , and bath;
rent reasonable. . ¦ '¦:¦¦__ .
ALPINE, 175-rNew flat of 8 rooms - with all
modern Improvements ; rent $25. Key at 171.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; large
yard and cellar; rent $10;. no children. ¦-.
ELEGANT new sunny upper flat, 10 rooms. 870
Eddy st. near Van Ness ave.
MOSS. 30. bet. Howard and Folsom— Lower bay-
wlndow flat of 6 large sunny rooms and yard.
MODERN flat of 3 sunny rooms at 945 San-
chez st.
7-ROOM flat and bath for. sale or rent. 50314
Natoma st. near Sixth. . *
$12— SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms. 33 Moss St.,
off Howard, near Seventh. . ',<--.¦¦
TO let— A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937
Mason st. . | . ; .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR Bale cheap — One wardrobe arid folding-
. bed; also 50 yards of extra good carpet. 1208
Mission st.
FURNITURE of 8-room flat Call between 2
and 5 p. m. at 724 Powell st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. "7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FPRNITPRE WANTED. ¦
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc ; phone Jessie 2071. ¦
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
A. L. Stofrs, 130 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A, WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
~ ~ GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted ; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FE3IALK.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary at.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, free fare, Arizona .....$30
Waitresses, same place $20
2 waitresses, Sacramento $25
20 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, city
and country $20 $'5
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Choice place for cook and second, country,
$60; another nice place, second girl, • Santa
Cruz, $25, see party here; waitress, private
family, $25; house girl, country, fare' paid;
numerous other ! places. ¦ •
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Maine 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel, $25;
2 waitresses, south, $25. fare one way; 8 wait-
resses, different country hotels, $20; 6 wait-
resses, city,,. $20 and $25; restaurant wait-
resses, $7 .: '......': i»
FAMILY DEPARTMENT I
Woman cook, $30, for small American family,
' see lady here; housegirl for country, $30, fare
paid; housegirl, country, $25, fare paid; cooks,
housegirls and second girls, city, $30, $20;
nurse, 1 baby, $20; young refined lady's maid
who can sew; young girl to assist housework,
$3 week, sleep home
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary
WANTED— Experienced maker for millinery
department. Apply at HALE BROS.' between
8 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced hands on cloak and
suit alterations. Apply at HALE BROS.' be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed; good pay.
.-:- BELASCO & HARRIS CO.,
841 Market st
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
piece and day work; steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTW ( OOD CANNING CO.
GIRL for general housework, $10, and woman
to help with baby ! and ¦ upstairs ".work (more
for home than wages); Protestant preferred.
1905 Broadway.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged lady to assist in
small family with a little child. Call at Mis-
fit Clothing Parlors, 440 Bush st, D. HES-
'KINS. - ' ' ¦ ;'
WANTED for a position in country town— A
reliable girl for upstairs work and taking
care of children; German preferred. Call
bet. 10 and 12, 1451' Franklin st. .
WANTED in restaurant, 725 Market St., young
lady with knowledge of shorthand to do
checking and bookkeeping; also to assist as
cashier; afternoon and evening work.
WANTED— Operators on women's wrappers;
steady work; electric power; good pay.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market St.
GIRL to assist *ln housework and. store. 850
Duncan st., bet. Twenty-seventh and Twenty-
eighth. '
GIRL— General | housework and cooking; Ger-
man or Scandinavian preferred; wages $20.
2225 Pacific ave., upper flat.
WANTED— Girl to do cooking . and general
housework; 1412 Geary at; 2 in family; good
- wages. Call between 10 and 12 a. m. ,
WANTED — Girl for cooking and general house-
work. Arply 1208 Devisadero st; wages $20;
good place in Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— Maid and to assist with grown
child; city references required. Apply from 9
to 12, 1012 Van Ness ave., room 19.
WANTED— Two experienced' waitresses; none
but experienced' need : apply. 20 Third st,,
. corner Stevenson.
YOUNG girl to assist with child; good home.
J Apply mornings, 1170 Ellis st.
WANTED— A good boarding-house cook. 3 1123
Larkln st . " •
GIRL ; for, light housework; good wages. Call
afternoon, 602- Minna st.
SKIRT hands for dressmaking. 121 Post sty
room 49. v . .; . . .
GIRL wanted to assist in housework and wait
at table. 1230 Post st. *
TWO girls to fold v paper boxes. 16 Fremont
street. .' -
WANTED— First-class " skirt finisher . at 237
Powell st ' ¦ . . ', --
- * ' . . ¦ - * *
GIRL for, general housework." 2306 Sutter «t
A GIRL to a assist In bakery at Haywards.
>¦ Apply before 12 o'clock 145% Sixth st, city.
GIRL as cook, family of six. 2320* Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady for light housework and
¦care of 2 children. 728 Ellis st. . ' ' -
WANTED— First-class experienced millinery
saleslady; state age, experience, where form-
erly employed and salary expected. Box 4842,
Call office. - • . - ; •
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
¦ Market st . . '. ...-. '¦ . -, 1
GOOD girl for cooking and housework. - Xn-
qulre at 321 Kearny et or 24 Beulah. ;
WANTED— Good waist hands at 1509 Leaven-
worth st.
TAILORESS ; a. : pants finisher wanted. EU
Kearny st, room 18. top , floor. -• ¦
GIRL to assist in housework and cooking; no
washing; references. -1228 Washington st.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls. HEY-
NEMANN & CO., 410 Mission 'st. .
YOUNG girl for . hair store ; . must have some
experience. 1508. Polk st. . - .¦..-.,,.. ¦
WANTED— Girl to cook and do light house-
work; apply.between 10 and 11.; 1463 Franklin.
REFINED lady with capital of $400 for office
business. Address box 3415, Call office.
FINISHERS on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
¦ CO.; 641 Market st. . ¦¦„- r~--.,
WANTED— Women: for light work on fruit.
1781 Folsom st, . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.- 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call' advertisements and
subscriptions has : been established at 1096
Valencia st. : ' ¦•¦'¦¦ ' - ¦ ¦¦-¦•' ¦¦>•¦¦¦ .¦ ,
HELP WANTED— -MALE. ¦ ,;-,
WANTED— Musicians, first j and ' second class,
for the "Puget Sound Navy Yard Band; E flat
, clarinet ; solo B flat : clarinets ; cornets, ¦ altos ;
trombones,, barytone,, tuba* and - drums; - men
who double in orchestra preferred; pay of mu-
sicians, : first class, . $32 . and ; $9 ration ; ; musl-
. clans, , second class, S30 and $9 ration. / Apply
to recruiting officer U. T S.: R. . S. NIPSIC,,
Navy. Yard. Puget Sound. Bremerton.VWash. '
WANTED— Recruits for the marine I corps; - U.
- S. navy; able-bodied.). unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch ; able '¦ to speak : and s read English. For
further Information apply at > the Recruiting
• office, ,40 Ellis st. -. San Francisco. .-• ,
DRESSMAKERS AI¥D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut.- 1019 Market st.y
ACCORDEON pleating; country : orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moff a tt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SCH^OL*FOR~MEnT~ "~ "~
A practical, and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more' courses' of study
than any other night school in the city for a
remarkably low tuition ; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts.; opening night, Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
"1: deoartments — Art. business, civil service,
elementary, enKineerine, high school, lan-
guages. H.^J. McCOT, general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month ;$E0 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetio, penmanship,
spelling, Sapnish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER- MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand ; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. Jaw and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. building.
SPANISH— Theoretrical or practical; speedy
guide to habitual talk; translations; letters.'
210 Eddy et. ,. •¦' ' ' ¦. ' .-. :
ACTING, elocution, speclalties,THallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Fairell st.
MERRILL- MILLER College— Shorthand", typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldtr.: individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mining.mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, .college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and ,the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College; 1435 Market, nr. 10th..
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandoiin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class, 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night clagB. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1883; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANETE^Tnd Chinese~heip of aU~klndT;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office — Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621^4 California St.; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 51«.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st; tel. Ea3t 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main S18S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
EASTERN woman, elderly, neat and reliable,
wishes position as housekeeper; likes chil-
dren; eood cook; ref s. ; wages $10@12. Box
4S46. Call office.
EXPERIENCED woman wants work from 9 to !
3 in lunch-house, restaurant or boarding-
house to wait or assist in kitchen. Call or
address 9 Tehama St., near First.
YOUNG Swedish girl, understands little Eng-
lish, -wishes position to do general house-
work. Call at 20SH Eleventh st.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework
in American family; good, plain cook; will do
small washing; wages $25. Box 9, Call office.
WANTED — Situation by Swedish grirl as cook
or at general housework. Address S33 Mil-
ton St., Oakland. *
A YOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper.
Call at 827A Howard st., room 15. . * ; - \ : ,
WANTED — Position as Invalid's nurse or
housekeeper. Address box 2303, Call, Oakland.
AN Eastern girl would like situation to do gen-
eral housework or second work preferred, in
an American family; wages $25. Call at Point
Lobos shoe store, 1228, bet First and 'Second
. aves. ; take Geary-st. car.
W ANTED— By a competent Protestant woman,
a position as housekeeper in hotel, first-class
lodgring-house or private home; will assist
with sewing or take charge of doctor's of-
fice or gentlemen's club. Box 4S74, Call.
YOUNG German girl seeks position to do gen-
eral housework. Call at 1032 Pierce st, in the
rear. .'
YOUNG lady desires position as saleslady; can
also keep books; main object, experience. 800
Van Ness ave.'
FASHIONABLE dressmaking of all kinds by
the day; will go out of city. Address E. C.,
136 McAllister st.
GERMAN lady would like a position to go out
nursing or housekeeper. Address box 4929, Call..
COMPETENT, reliable woman wants work by
the day. 937 Mission Et
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220O Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged man wants situa-
tion; gent's place i. town or country; experi-
enced driver; garden; milk; generally useful;
good references. Box 4817, Call office. .
SITUATION wanted as winemaker or cellar
boss; 20 years' experience in sweet and dry
wine csllars; furnish ample evidence regards
ability, character and sobriety. Box 11, Call.
SCOTCHMAN returning to Liverpool would act
as or attendant In return for passage-;
San Francisco references. J. W., box 7, Call.
A POSITION wanted by a strong, able-bodied
man; can furnish references from last place.
Address box 4837. Call office.
BARBER wants Job{ anything. Telephone
Barber, Jessie 521, at 9 o'clock..
A YOUNG man, 24, with an honorable dis-
charge- from the U. S. Navy, wishes situation
on board of a yacht or a tugboat; Is able to
perform quartermaster's duties; not afraid of
work. Address O. S. f Mariners' Church, cor.
Drumm and Sacramento sts. '
YOUNG, sober, . energetic winemaker. ' distiller
and champagne, winemaker, with wide expe-
rience both here and in Europe,. wants posi-
tion; best references. N., Call agency, San
Jose, Cal.
COMPETENT middle-aged German wants sit-
uation in private place to care for horses; Is
careful driver; city or country; small wages;
reference. Box 8, Call office. ¦
ACTIVE young man of good address, 22 years
old, 'speaking English and German, wants po-
sition as salesman or stock clerk. . Address
box 4838. Call.' - ; '
YOUNG man of business ability wants situa-
tion ; 9 years' experience In general office
work; am stenographer; best references. Box
4840, Call. •-.¦¦'.¦ .-¦... .-¦/¦¦
YOUNG man wants a position in dry goods or
; furnishing goods store; speaks ¦ French and
¦ Spanish; experienced; grood references. Box
4815, Call. ; . - ¦ ¦¦
WANTED— A position to take care of a stock
ranch or orchard; best of references furnished:
Address. box 4848, Call. - -:.-
A SITUATION wanted by experienced German
gardener; private place or nursery; city or
country; can milk;, best of ' ref erences. Ad-
dress Gardener, box 4824. Call office. ., ,
MARINE and stationary engineer wishes posi-
tion; best of references; country no objection.
Box 4955. Call office. - ; -....¦..
CHICKEN' man, wide experience, most suc-
cessful, open for engagement 'Address box
4976. Call office. , / .
JAPANESE young boy wants position .to do
general housework during afternoon. Please
call at 554 Geary st. • ' ' ¦ . . i ¦'?¦¦.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubacriptions has been established, at 1096
Valencia st. . • ; . » , • ;
, FEATHERS . RENOVATED. ~~
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1293 Valencia;tel.Capp 2682.
• financial. 1 -. .-;¦;:'¦:*. .•:¦¦"- 7 ¦
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices In - operation ; new , method of
¦ placing stocks ' and bonds ; companies ¦ lncor-
, poratcd ; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.:
.- - :"¦ • ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ - >=,i;x^a«fr.*fce»»«^-. ' - _-¦-... .-•--'¦
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
. A— CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
. for all sixes and prices, cee liEt of bargains.
65 r.: rent $350; with restaurant $-"000
60 r.; rent $200; elegant family hotel 6000
2" r.; rent $140; good fur., carpets 2200
25 r.; rent $140; nice fur., carps., ofs.. r.. 2000
. Money loaned on d?ferred payments. VA P- c.
1 22 r. ; rent $100; mahogany and oak fur... 1500
20 r.; rent $S0; hardwood fur., housekpg. 1100
17 r.; rent $65; oak fur.; perm., trans... 900
14 r.; rent $40; brus. carp., oak fur 1000
10 r.; rent $52 50: hardwd fur., brus. carp. 750
6 r. ; rent $35: modern flat new fur 450
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
. HOUSES HOUSES HOUSES
IF YOU WANT
TO BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
IN ANY PART OF THE CITY
COME AND SHE ME ABOUT IT......
: ....I EITHER HAVE OR CAN SECURE....
YOUR IDEAL
816 Market st. M. K. B. WALLACE, room 73
BOSTON Business Agency, 1016 Market St., opp.
Fifth — Must be sold, at a great bargain, lodg-
ing-house, fine paying, price $S00, half cash;
balance to EUlt buyer, house 22 rooms, rent
$25, guaranteed profit $100 per month; house
I on Eddy St., 10 rooms, money-maker, great
bargain. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market st.
opp. Fifth.
! MARION GRDTFIN, 719 Market st. rms. 1-2.
Near Call bldg.; telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Eamplee from big free list at my office: V
14 r.; rent $40; $150 cash, bal. monthly... $450
20 r. : 3 blocks n. of Market st. ; rent JSO
! . income $19S; good furniture; fine carp.'. 1500
44 r.; Al; rent $120; clears $150 month... 3000
'. $350 WILL buy an elegantly furnished house of
nine rooms on Ellis • st ; must be' sold be-
1 tween now and the 2d of September. Me-
BRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market Bt, opp. Fifth.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1311,
No. 917 Market st (near Fifth st)
HOUSE with furniture of 6 rooms; suitable for
roomers. Box IS, Call. ,' '
FURNITURE of S-room lodging-house for sale;
$100; rooms already rented. 1620 Polk st.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Frl.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received rae<ials from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 1C84 Bush st; tel. 2275 Larkln st.
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun., Wed,
and'Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st (no sign):
MRP. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 11C4 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m. : every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's test circle to-night,
10c; '•Know Thyself Readings," 60c, $L 148 6th.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1C9 Oak; circle Tues. & Frl.,
8 p. m.; Wed., 2:30 p. m. ; 10c; read, dally, 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
MRS. LESTER, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c; readings daily. 148 Sixth st. room 12. j
CLAinVOYAJVTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, — —
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, -discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes- 1
tic. love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
'26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCON, CLAIRVOYANT, •
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures; give^luck; honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents tl; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 12C Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmirt, permanently located '1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. in.
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
ogical palmist, reader human destiny: never
fails; 25c and 50c; by mail, 50c. 1203 Mission.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken ;25c up. 777^4Market st.room 18.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst 143
Sixth st. room 23.
MME. HANSEN— Card reader and palmist;
past Present future. 108 Sixth st. 2d floor.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmtstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. 326A Ellis st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth St.
LADIES only; your future foretold satisfactor-
lly. lac. 6 Marye Terrace, off 418 Turk st
CARD reading. 25c and up. 835 Howard et
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 4484 Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c, up. 5 Fourth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana,
only 10c. 262 Minna st. near Fourth.
CARPET BEATOG A3VP CLEAXIJfO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
"end to SPAULDING'S pioneer Caroet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama at; tel South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying, 3c: renovatlnsr. 5c up:
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CH \S
PARRY, 1511^ Market st; phone Mint 1095]
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. .Mission 263.
C 2. N ' KLIX ' S Superior Carpet-beatlngr Works
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G H
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South' 25o!
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, 'ingrown nails, warts; paln-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm, 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE ol * roomZ^lsf^oat^tiye., bet.
Gough and Octavla. 1% blocks from Market.
__;_ ' - DENTISTS.
A — D R. T. S. ! HIGGINS~~927 Market street
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed. $5 up: a good metal plate $15;
KOld and porcelain crowns JC to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm.' 7. Flowd bldg., you can
have your extractions- done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
' experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed;- lady attendants.
DR, GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, tha Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings.
60c; plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. A. C. , KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the'
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st ....¦• ;'¦¦...•
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815H Geary.nr.Larkin-Pain-
lesa extraction 50c; plates $5 up ;phonePolkll35.
P r!?n S D . en S a J Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
I DR i H * °u TR . UMAN - ««ntl«t. third floor. Ex-
j. amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
(VAN VROOM-"Palnless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1(W1 Market st.. corner Sixth.
, _^ "".
SUPERFLUOUS hair "anT moleT^^eTmTnently
removed by electrolysis: facial massage. with
i hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN,' 930 Bush «t.
SAN FRASCISCO CALL., >
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery 6treet
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
as McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkin street; open until 9:20 p. m.
1J41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
unril 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; orcn until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY)
EVENING, In Memorial Hall, at
5 o'clock. Aug. 30. Visiting -^//AW
brethren cordially invited.
FRANK V. COX. Noble Grand.
VT. F. NORCROSS, Rec Sec
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K.
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) jS%£~m k
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer fcSSStsS
Hall. 24 Fourth St. fca3&&?
h. n. captle, >g!£gir
Record Keeper.
ADOPTION. '
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda. '
ASPHALTCM ROOKIJfG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postaL 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXETS AT LAM'.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy col-
lections attachments; mortgages ;bllls of eale;
partnerships :deeds ; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt., r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe* without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market cor. Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bldg.— Bank-,
ruptcy, estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVDDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st : ccnsnltation freo; no fees in advance.
BOOKS XEW AMI OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red. 2955.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-70S-708 Mission st
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR J children to board; good home & moth-
«""s car*: $10 tip: sunny yard. 1607 California.
BCRKAtr TRr A'KS.
ASK to * see Lundbeck*s improved drawer
trunk: at ail dealers or factory. S26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHAXCES. ~
k ttfflitt CORNER faloon with lunchroom on
Market st; a first-class place; owner sick in
the country; must sell at once: Investigate
and "make offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4
Kearny Bt. *.<5'v
A— *500: CHOP and oyster house on Market st:
rent $30; daily receipts $30 and above: owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WDL^KE.
i6*± Kearey st
A— $500: HALF interest In agency of Eastern
and European manufacturing; not less than
$150 iwr month clear for each partner; refer-
ences exchanged. Particulars R_ G. w 1 1 -.ttf
£6»i Kearny Bt
A— $700; CORNER grocery and bar with 2 liv-
ing rooms on O'Farrell st; rent $25: good
business: owner to leave city. R. G. \v 1 1 .tct*
26% Kearny st.
A— $450; RESTAURANT and coffee 6aloon; two
blocks from corner Market and Stockton sts.:
rent fJO: must sell at once; owner to leave
for Manila- Call R. G. WILKE, 26Vt Kearny,
A— ?250; SHOOTING gallery, doing a good busi-
ness; net profits at least S100 per month: rent
$45: come, see and satisfy yourself. R. G.
¦ WILKE. 26fr Kearny et.
A— $1500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building:
come, investigate and you win Qnd a splendid
investment Call R. G. WILKX:; 26^4 Kearny.
JS50— CIGAR stand, stock and fixtures; down-
town; enap. RESTLOFF. 906 Market Et, r. 12.
$250— PARTNER wanted: great chance In a
paring office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market
$300-RESTAURANT on 4th st; rent, $27 50: 44
chairs. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. "77% Market
HAVING to go to Europe, I will sell my
ranch of 160 acres; rich farm land: well im-
proved; all fenced: plenty of good water- 5
miles from Livermore and IH miles from a
good country school: at a bargain for cash.
Address RASMUS BJORN. Livennore, Ala-
roeda County. CaL .
A RESTATTRANT in thriving Point Richmond;
doing good business; excellent reasons for
selling. Address Dad's chop bouse. Eaet
Yard. Cat
A.— BAZAAR; must sell; crockery, glass, agate
and tinware. Call at once and make oZer,
1017 Valencia Bt.
GOOD saloon at a bargain. Apply "at SIEBE
PLAGEMANN & CO.'S.
WANTED— Partner in a new invention, to be
patented. Inventor, 215 Post 6t.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3900 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc; cash receipts about $1500 to
tJOOO per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, 1071% Mar-
ket st. Ban Francisco.
FOR pale— At lnvvice price, the merchandise
«tore of CNOPrus & CO., Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg. as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
6 CO.. Santa Rosa.
HOG and chicken ranch for sale; near city-
hogs, chickens, swill wagon, horse, incubator,'
etc.; about $400; place to let Box 4, Call.
POR Sale— A milk dairy, with living rooms at-
tached; on account of going East- 1163 Va-
lencia Bt
*. MAN with $500 or $1000 would Invest in coffee
and lunch house. Box 1, Call.
R00 BUYS half -Interest* in manufacturing busi-
nesa, well established. Box 4805, Call office.
k MONEY-MAKING business. See S. SWEE-
NEY. E7 Third st. room 12.
BRANCH bakery for sale cheap. Apply to 1547
Mission St., city.
r °,£ J! ale ~ A S^* 1 Paring restaurant Apply
«» Townsend st. bet Third and Fourth.
850— STEAM laundry at San Mateo J W
DALTON. 102 Austin ave.. San Francisco. '
fc BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
* alencia st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore «t
LODGIXG-HOl'SES POR SALE.
i. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET, OPP 5TIL
27 YEARS IN THIS BUSINESS
IN THIS CITY . :
II rooms; $250 cash. bal. $10 per month.. 1150
IW rooming houses, from 2 to 500 rooms.
14 rooms; on Market et SOO
10 rooms; north of Market 6t 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 423
15 rooms: fine corner: cltars fW 600
9 rooms; good piano; muot sell 62S
1* rooms; offices; clears $80 : 1400
14 rooms; 1100 cash, balance payments... 400
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; en Sixth st: clears $80 900
z« rooms; on Market; clears $150 1000
18 rornnx; corner; Just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason st; new 750
S2 rooms; offices; clears $250.. 3500
21 rooms; ?600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
J-ff-i a jd exchange all kinds of property.
I^^T^-^- ALL - J . CAN SUIT YOU IN
™%i7JS*'i*J? RICK 'and payments.
w N ?S^ AXT) GE RMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
iTTENTION BUYERS!
YOU MAY BUY ANY -ROOMING-HOUSE
, A ON OUR LIST
And pay for It in monthly payments from the
profits of the house.
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES
10 rooms; rent $20; on Sixth $173
20 rooms; moaern; cost $3300..'. 2600
6 rooms on Van Ness; modern 400
40 rooms; on Third. ISOO
tl rooms: $500 cash, balance payments..!! 1250
60 rooms: rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms: grand corner; clears J400 6000
7^rooms on Geary 200
17 rooms on Market; central .*.*" 1050
8 rooms on Ellis; clears $35 KW
26 rooms on Mission 200
90-room hotel and bar — igoo
45 rooms: rent $125 2350
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market cor. Ellis, r. 12.
TEHER & CO., SS5 Market; phone Folsom 1S92
—10-room house, handsomely furnished In oak
and cherry; all new* end elegant carpets; fine
bed llaen; liprht and eunny; clearing $45 over
expenses; sell regardless of price; worth $900.
l"I£HER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1SP2.
« R $10,000 37 R......$5500| 24 R $1800
J» n 3,000 37 R...... 1800 19 R 1400
30 R 1.000 16 R K0 12 R...... 450
10 R.;.... y*0| 9 R S00| 6 R 300
1100—15 ROOMS; Ellis; close in. : „ "I
£3000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears J200 over all. 1
1650— H rooms; O'Farrell: rent $45; bargain.
EoX>— 6-room flat: grand furniture; rent $25.
JllOO— 17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55.
»e./)— 8 rooms; now being furnishM. *
f»<50— 70 rooms; Ellis: rare opportunity. /
r£&^2^5£££ on any Proposition. DONALD
J^i% #lTMENT CO.. £30 Market St.- - , * ..-.. SAN JOSE, Aug/; 29.— J. O. ; Hayes has
tendered' his resignation as a- director of
the: California. Cured z Fruit Association.
There are rumors of other, resignations.' _ : A'
meeting has been ; called . for, next : Satut
day. -¦ ,. ; ±L~~~~- ----Jl- • ¦' •" -• '
Leaves Cured Fruit Association.
J NANAIMO,: B."} C; : Aug., 29,^Of?icer8 "of
the British navy .haye .been! frequent .visit
ors to "Albernl \ lately;, and „ it ;has cleaked
out i that a' small 'naval, station is. to be
established ; in; l ;Uchuckleset 'harbor "as a 1
base ' of defense I ori the *-. landing > place * of
the '- Pacific "; cable .-.; at ,.T- Banfleld '-• Creek:
Uchuckleset is . aUand-locked ; arm < of the
Alberni' Canal; •;: It i is 'perfectly ' sulted^for
the »^purpdse, r and has ia-oiatural :'J basin
.which with : , very, little work can be trans
formed ; Into: a pirydock. v a — ....... :^- : ;
British Find a Naval Station.
Harry ' M. . Kauff man, John ,W. Sengel,
Arthur i E. Owens and John ' P. Head have
been appointed " :' substitute >¦'¦¦ carriers ; and
William H. ' Reusch substitute clerk in the
San Francisco postofflce. . -' " - "
WASHINGTON, Alig. 29.-Post6fflces es
tablished : Calif ornia— Boralma, : Shasta
County," Andrew * P. Anderson, postmas
ter." "Washington— Montezuma,. Pierce
County, Robert . M. Thompson. Postmas
ter.-Discontinued September 14: Califor
nia— Horstvllle, Yuba County, ': mail to
Wheatland. Postmasters commissioned:
California— Caroline E. : Drahms, San
Quentin; ; William F. -Holt, Imperial. Ore
gon—George A. Smyth, Diamond. .Washi
ington— Young J. Acton, Bremerton; Ed
A. Bacon. Westport; Joseph H. Parker,
Pilchucu. .
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
If this was done,' she says,; it. was with
out i her • knowledge. She i also ? says » that
she • paid ; all the ¦ premiums r- as -they fell
due-: to? the company, except the; last: ohe,
which ; its i officers refused to accept .when
she tendered - it/* Mrs. Schubert's husband
died on 'June 3 of;this year. • • • : -' - :
OAKLAND, - Aug. . 29.— Mrs. .,< Katherlne
Schubert began suit to-day, against the
Bankers' Life .'Association ¦ for the ; return
of a | life insurance policy in her name' for
$2000, or its equivalent * in '•¦ money. : Mrs.
Schubert alleges that ; with , the ; aid ; of her
deceased husband; ' Louis Schubert; the In
surance company, secured ; the policy from
her. last -April ; and/ has since refused : to
return it to her, though' she -has made re
peated: demands, for < it.' She -asserts that
whenever,, she* calls -upon ,: the .defendant
company to demand the ' policy, ' she Is In
formed 5 by its; officials .that > the name , of
the /beneficiary ¦"for-: the « insurance v was
changed on the application of _ her 'hus
band during his lifetime. ' .: ...
Mrs. , Katherine Schubert Asserts
That Her Deceased Husband I
, Dispossessed' Her. of It./
SUES FOR VALUE OF
} : AN INSUBANCE . POLICY
Manzanlta Tribe No. 4 of the- Improved
Order.; of Red Men tendered a reception
Tuesday night to one of its members
James Boyes, who at the last held ses
sion of the Great Council of California,
was elected grand sachem, of the order,
to show its appreciation of the exalted
position to which he has been elevated
After the reception in the wigwam there
was an adjournment to the banquet hall
where about two hundred partook of the
hospitality of the tribe. Captain J. J
Bryan, past sachem of the tribe, who
was selected as toastmaster, was pre
sented with a rosewood and gold-plated
tomahawk on behalf of Past Great Sa
chem Henry A. Chase as a token of
brotherly love. After an introductory ad
dress by the ¦ toastmaster • the guest of
honor, was introduced and the - great sa
chem made a pleasing address. While
those at the tables were discussing ¦ the
good things there was a programme of
music, song and speech. , ¦ • - - r -
Ca4>tain Bryan, who had' charge of the
team of his tribe in the competition be
fore the Great' Council, was tendered a
present for what he did, . but he de
clined; therefore the tribe - presented his
wife with a crystal service and he ex
pressed her thanks for the gift. Then
gifts were given to each of the members
of the drill team. .
Reception and' Banquet Is Given by
the Red' Men to James
MANZAHITA TRIBE
HONOKS GBEAT SACHEM
HOTEL AE.RI VALS. /
PALACE - HOTEL.
P B Green, Cortland
W N Hunt, Monterey'
F Reed. S Rafael
C W Dudley, U S A
1« L Cary," Fresno ¦ :
E F.Fairchild, N'Y-
J C Austin, L Ang
J Durham, Chicago -
L J Overlook, Ariz' -¦
G H Helvey & w, Ohio
Miss A E Warner, Ct
Gertrude E Knight,
Minneapolis
Sara'C Knight, : Minn
W A Taylor, Minn :
H D Sill. Kansas City
ET McGonigle, Ariz
S R Frick & w, L A ~ '
M E Dailey, S Jose
E E Titus, Cincinnati i
Mrs H W Grunwaldt,
; Mont- : ¦-¦'¦ ¦ :¦.-?
Lucy H Asken, Mont
Miss Trenwith, ¦ S . Barb
J p Hantley& w, L'A
Miss M E WInkler, Ky
Mias R Winkler. Ky<
W. P. WInkler, -w & ch,
' Louisville- -- *
EC Ivins, ¦ S L Obispo
C H Royce, Winters
G L Jones, Grass-Val
J P.Haley, Seattle ,-'
F H.Webster, Minturn
M P Barr & w. U S N
C'C Ladd." Buffalo -
J,E Mauerhan, N Y ¦';
J T Coker, -St Louis
G T Thompson, St L '
R Seidel.-St Louis S* '
ESeidel, St Louis
E GLewis & w. P I 1
Mrs E M Lewis, S Jose
M Miles. San Jose -
M M Lewis, 1 San Jose
C Hawley,, Los Ang -.
J H Davis7\Pittsburg
L D Byrne, SBernado
WE Byrne. S Bernard
J-.W. Smith, Los Ang
CD Hauveman, ¦¦ Stnf d
O D Richardson & w,
' LOns Beach . '
E J Carter,- San Diego
W H Doud, San Diego
A Bartlett, Cal
H R Harbison & • w, 1
San Diego'
Mrs J C Lillis. S Barb
Miss Lillis, S Barbara
J L Haller.' N Orleans
G J Cobb Jp SUnford"
AW Fitch, Denver ¦
F W SDicer. C Rapids
Mrs J.W Hollow, Cal
Mrs G Pommer. Sacto
W H Hammond," Peta
luma . ¦ :
Mrs A Wilkinson, Mc-
Dermott • ¦ '
Miss Alice "Wilkinson,
McDermott ¦
J A Schaef er, Stanford
C P Allen Jr, Stanford
HF Cunan, Stanford .
B K Funke, Stanford
O H Terry & w, Boston
G W Crystal, Vacaville
A C McMeans, S Rosa
F C Fisher. Redding ?
R C P Smith. \L Ang
J M Gardiner L Ang 1
H Thoys, w & s. Sac
C Robertson & w.'Sac
Dr J Eisenstadt, Colo
J Tillins, Redding
F H O'Hara, Mare Isld
E L Rea, Uklah
R W Morison.'U S A
MA Gilbert. N Y
H J. Legemour, Sacto ¦
D Gibbs & w. Boston
W K B Bradbury. Cal
J L Flaherty, Mass .
H Heffin, Pittsburg
Mrs W J Hollo & ch,
Mrs W R Apperson, ;'
Parish Springs ~_-
J Clark, ' Parish Sprgs
Roy Clark. Parish Spr
Mrs Misenhauer, 111 .
Mrs.M H Langley. Ill
T E Langley, III -
G R Hand. Sacto •
R T Wheeler, Stockton
E ' J Simmonds, Idaho
Miss Dye, Idaho
C . L Phillips., Portland
Miss L M Brooks, Wash
J Cronin, Spokane ¦
E O Wilkinson, L Ang-
Miss Harden, Colusa .¦¦
Miss : Longmine,-. Colusa
H ; P. Pinney,' Chicago I .
GRAND HOTEL.
T. ! Derby,; N Almaden
H C Bush, Denver: .
N" RosenBtraus. Chlcag
W Gray & w, >N-Y ¦
H^Hirckel, Vienna. '
A : Stuart, Detroit :
A de Land; N Y - ••¦
Mrs H S Porter. L An
H v L i B Porter. ,' Ls 'Ang
H W Carter,' Los Ang
A" T Copley, ¦ Riverside •
E S Torrence Jr. Cal .
E , A M Hoen & w. Sac
R '; I Rheinstrom,"- Clnn
A F Jones & w, Cal i
Mrs • E Dwyer. , Sacto ¦ ;
C A'Higbee.Phila '*v -..-.
WF;Droulllard, Cai:,
W A Blount.- Florida
F G Grant, -USA" „•>
F. R Fiel & w, . Alamed
C RtSplvals;& w.'Cal-
J W Sefton Jr,.Stanfrd
H C ! Hubbard,-; Stanf rd
J : Whi taker & t w; ' Gait
J S Cravens & , w." Cal
Miss Edwards, • Mo : - "
E ,W- Barry,' Pasadena •
RE Pierce, San Jose :
M Rothschild.^ Pittsbrg
C P Starr. : N-Y . . ';•.- .
N ¦ Skinner. : N Y ¦ /
RP McBride, Kansas
B McBride, Kansas ;
J McBride. Kansas .
Miss M McBride. Kans
Mrs ¦ A i McBride. Kans
Miss A Clay mot t. Kans
Miss B Woods, Kansas
F W- Holman, ¦ Boston ; •
C D Dudley, US A -
Dr D M Lindsay & w,
• Salt' Lake -
Dr C E Case, Sausallto
C B Cox. .New; York '¦.
G T Lister.*: N Y -, -^
G L Dashwood, Englnd
H T. A'.' Dashwood, Eng
A E Rykert & w, Paris
WE Humphreys, Colo
R N Harris, Los Ang •
Dr M Morris. London ¦
W B Bishop &w. Pa
L Crege • & ,w, - Ind '- '¦ :
R L Whltlock, Louisvil
Mrs '-¦ Murlln." -Wash '• >/;
J- T Harrington,* Reno
T Spellacy,-- Bakersfleld
E "A :Lindsley,'; Portlnd
J; E Terry,' Sacto ;
H Beckelman.iGermny
NEW -WESTERN ' HOTEL.
Miss Williamson,', Prtld G'i F. Baker, '•• Mansfield
Aug i Hatter,*; Denver^*, Miss I Ward,' Ross Val
J - Mulroy, v Ingleside : : J' Rutland '& w,':S'Jose
E> Charles, ..Circle, Cy P: J. Murtha & w.N Y
B Robblns,.; Chicago . \ H McFadden & family
M ir;Mullen>.U*S!N.'.' China ' --' - :' •• '
MLtGlottonino.-La:^, A:H;Bernsch.: S Louii
¦ J F ; Donohoe,', Omaha E • Lamb,' St Louis . ¦ •<
W- Devere.v Vallejo .» '. P Kennedy,', Denver __
A jWllls. : 3an Be^arda • -__^ ; ~
, SAN. RAFAEL; Aug. 29.— The office of
the San Kaf ael Gas Company -#as entered
late. last night by thieves and about $200
vvas stolen. A similar theft took place
at William Toner's saloon yesterday when
1 sack containing $12 was stolen from be
hind the bar. Local officers believe that
some .expert sneak thief Is operating in
this city. -¦ ; ¦; .- '
Thieves Carry Away the Coin.
! John EshJeman, '02, and F. M. Allen, f 02,
have been appointed ¦ readers in English
to assist Associate . Prof essor Chauncey
wells. vr>\i ¦' ¦- '¦¦¦• '.:? ¦.-.;.' ..¦
Dr. Robert " Fischer, professor of. the
Agricultural I High School of Vienna," vis
ited the ; engineering department . of the
university . yesterday f In h order ¦ to secure
information regarding California's Irriga
tion system.- He was shown about the
department by : Professor Frank Soule.
Dr. Fischer, is on a tour- of the world
studying engineering achievements of
various . countries. •. ¦;" =¦' ; •¦
.-¦ The ' students' I congress will hold : a try
out debate Monday evening, September 9
in Stiles Hall for the purpose -of select
ing two teams, one to represent the con
gress against .the senate and the other to
contest, with ¦ a debating •- team "from the
Hastings College of 'Law. The two de
bates will take place late this term. :
- There will be a university meeting in
the gymnasium at 11 o'clock to-morrow
morning. Dr. Hugo Karl Schilling, - who
has just come from Harvard University
to be professor of \ German language and
literature, will, talk on "Student' Life at
Harvard." Immediately after Professor
Schilling's talk' the . university meeting
will be resolved into a" session of the As
sociated Students, at which .the question
of the disturbance ¦ at ' the = time of the
freshman ; meeting In the. gymnasium will
be discussed.- President John Eshleman
of jthe Associated- Students will preside
over the student meeting. . :¦'¦¦
Wednesday, September 4. "The German Edu
cational System" r Thursday, . September- 5
"The German Student: His Training and His
Powers' ' : . Friday, September j 6, . ' The Higher
Education" of Women in Germany" ; Saturday,
September. 7, "The American Student at a Ger
man .University"; Monday. September 9 "The
ology To-day in Germany"; Tuesday, Septem
ber 10. "Modern; Social - Movements •¦ in Ger
many." ¦ . . . Vj-vv
Dr. C. R. Gregory of Leipzig Will
Lecture on Modern Germany
at Berkeley ; . \
BERKELEY, Aug. 29.-Dr. Caspar Rene
Gregory, professor of theology at i the
University of Leipzig, will arrive In
Berkeley early next week, and will lec
ture from Wednesday,: September 4,' to
Tuesday, September 10, on : educational
and social progress In . modern Germany.
Dr. Gregory is an American by birth, but
has lived. for many years in Germany.
He enjoys a world-wide reputation as an
authority on Biblical text criticism and
is said to be a brilliant and fascinating
lecturer. He will speak, at 4 p. m. in the
students' observatory. The general pub
lic ! will be welcome. The programme for
the lectures is as. follows: v l ¦
FACUI/TST .AND STUDENT ~\ ?
EVENTS AT UNIVERSITY
"A great deal of our success is attribu
table to the persistence and 'vitality of
our own people and to the people of the
United States. There -Is not a man in
Cuba who does not, feel a profound sense
of gratitude for the United States and
every one prays for the continued pro
gress and pre-eminence of the -great re
public".
Other speakers were Daniel N. Lock
wood, representing the exposition com
pany; F. B. Machada, Special Cuban
School Commissioner; Dr. Tocas A. Braet.
a' Cuban orator and. linguist; Gonzales
Jorrin and Mayor Diehl of Buffalo.
. Commissioner Farres of Cuba presided.
In his address, after referring, to the wars
which had devastated his country and to
.the.., fact . that^Guba had. nevertheless
raised the arts : and industries to a high
plane, Senor Farres said:
I BUFFALO, . N. ; Y., Aug. | 29.— Cuba day
at the exposition was an unqualified suc
cess. The exercises held in its honor in
the Temple of Music began with the Cu
ban national hymni, and . ended .with the
"Star Spangled Banner", and three cheers
for the Stars and Stripes. On the stage
sat all the Cuban ¦commissioners with
their wives 'and many representatives of
Latin-American nations.'* • . -
United States.
Gratitude of the Cubans to the
Commissioner Farres Expresses the
CUBA DAY AT EXPOSITION
AN UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS
;The latest 'trustworthy reports show the
crop condition about August 1. Excessive
heat and aridity prevailed during the
preceding six weeks, r This. cut off the de
velopment of the grain and unduly, has
tened-maturity. Sufficient rainfall was
had only In the Western 7 and Baltic prov
inces. The winter grains naturally suffered
comparatively little from the weather,
and the. harvest of winter grain will; be
good in the provinces of Kieff," Podolia,
Bessarabia and Kherson, in > some portions
of the black earth district, particularly
the provinces of Chernigoff, Poltava, Vol
hynia, Koursk," in the provinces Minsk,
Grodno, Kovono,- Vitebsk and Smolensk,
in portions of the Baltic territory, in Fin
land and : in a : portion of -the central re
gionl. In the remaining portions of "the
empire the winter grains will'' shade.' off
from below medium to very bad. and the
official report adds laconically that "the
condition of spring grain is below that of
winter, grains." The harvest of spring
grains will be "satisfactory" in the south
west, the Vistula -provinces and portions
of the northwest. It- is bad throughout
the immense southwestern -territory be
tween the Dneiper and the Ural. Percent
age 'estimates have not been given. -.-¦
•The.: Government already -has. 'begun
preparations for the . feeding of the popu
lation In districts whese starvation is
threatened. By a law adopted some time
ago the Zemstvos, for. district assemblies,
are relieved from all responsiblity in the
matter, the famine relief funds being now
turned /over to the central government.
Agents of the Ministry of the Interior are
engaged in buying grain, though the Rus
sian . press is forbidden to mention the
matter. The precise object of this prohi
bition 1st difficult to' divine. It cannot'be
possible that the Government thinks the
grain speculators can be taken unawares,
and the secrecy , with, which the prices and
the localities of "purchase are invested
can hardly be conducive to economy.
ST. : PETERSBURG, Aug. .15.— The day
on : which the first, fruits of the harvest
were r blessed in- the churches, which!was
celebrated., throughout Russia this week,
must j I have been ( a day j of " mourning . in
many of the provinces.- The outlook . has
grown" worse almeet every/ week during
the last four weeks. -Even vegetables, in
cluding potatoes, have been largely burned
by the scorching heat in some districts.
The approaching winter wilj be one of the
gloomiest 'Russia has ever seen. . ¦¦;'¦
Correspondence of - The ¦ Call.
At the outset of his lecture he said _ he
was going to speak on a rather 1 delicate
subject. That it was very -hard to discuss
the claims of the Anglican church with
out stirring up a certain amount' of bitter
feeling. . » *¦?'. -¦
'."It' -is generally supposed," - he ' said,
"that those; who have left the Anglican
church for the Catholic church are in
clined to be' more bitter than others; that
they assume a certain kind of superiority
and take an unpleasant, delight in snub
bing in. a sort of • a ; sarcastic way those
whom they have left behind. Now, we are
all human and I suppose sometimes that
the perfect satisfaction -that one feels
when he is deliverd , from all the snares
and delusions of the Episcopalian church
will lead him to speak' in such a way as to
make people think that he has 'a- decided
enmity^ for those he has. left behind. in
those errors. Still I am' perfectly sure
that this is not the general spirit of those
who have left the : Episcopalian church.'
They do not feel an aversion for those left
behind. On the contrary they show an af
fection and offer up prayers that those
who are now in darkness may, through
God's mercy, come , into the vxidmirablo
light." * •¦¦¦¦; ¦ ."---¦• •.
The speaker set forth the claims of. the
Church of England or t Episcopalian
church. He discoursed ¦ at length on the
foundations of that church and j cleverly
pointed out the y/eak points. . ' ¦
In the course of his sermon. he said that
Episcopalianism in America meant relig
ion for. the "upper ten". ; that it was syn
onymous with yachts, drags, fetes and all
kinds of luxury that could only be en
joyed by the rich. He ridiculed the form
of baptism. in vogue- in -that; church." : He
told of how the wealthy man's: child,
dressed in laces, was taken to church and
the priest would dip his finder - into the
holy water and laying it on the child's
head deliver the ceremony of baptism. He
said that one of the foundations "of the
Episcopalian church was the assumed
"Apostolic succession," which is the taking
into the office affected by the death of an
other some one to carry, on his work In- the
church . of God, as a Bishop. : Father
Woods remarked .that this jt was aptly
called "cuckoo succession." Continuing,
he said: • ;
'"Even Episcopalianism is. not hateful to
the converted Episcopalian. There are so
many tenets in it that are so beautiful, so
true, so helpful that I don't think there is
one who has come out of the Episcopalian
into the Catholic church who has not been
benefited by them. Such certainly I must
acknowledge was my case. I learned the
whole sum of Catholie doctrine not within
the pale of the Catholic church but within
the pale of the Church of England. Some
people will say, 'If it taught you the
Catholic' doctrine, why didn't you re
main in that church and enjoy what the
church gave you ?' And I reply, 'It was
not the Church of England that gave me
the Catholic doctrine, but there were cer
tain things that taught me the principles
of the Catholic church. I saw it was my
duty for the salvation .of my. soul to go
•totnat communion, from which all- these
doctrines, -all ¦¦ these truths and all these
good books have been borrowed.' "
Rev. Henry Woods, S.J., a, former
Episcopalian -but - now a' Catholic priest 1 ,
lectured last evening. to a large congrega
tion in St. Mary's Cathedralfdrthe bene
fit of the Children's Day Homes.'. His sub
ject was "The Baseless Fabric of a Vision
or Advanced /Episcopalism- and . Its
Claims.". His" remarks were highly,inter
esting. :' \i'I~i:y, "'
Government Now Preparing
to Feed the People Dur
" ing Winter. :;'^
Interesting Lecture Given m
'.'-, v Aid of a Very .Worthy
Cause.;
Rev. Father Woods Says
It Is Religion for the
-Rich. * -:' -
Starvation Is Threatened
in Many Districts
. of Russia;
EPISCOPALIANISM
MEANS LUXURY
.After the services the body was escorted
across the bay to the Odd Fellow3* Ceme
tery, where it was Incinerated. The pall
bearers were Fred B. Whitney.' Frank
Titus. Frank > Cushing, ': John - P. Ii*»sh,
Charles G. Yale and L. A. Peckham.
/ OAKLAND, Aug.- 29. — With simplest
rites ;the funeral : of - the late * Mrs. Clara
E.' Jerome, wife' of Deputy Collector, of the
Port E.- B.. Jerome, was held this 'morn
ing from the family residence, 13S1 Chest
nut street. The services were conducted
by. the Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills," minister
of ; the ¦ First -. Unitarian Church. Many
family •-. friends ¦ attended ; the services, to
gether with a large' delegation of Federal
officials who are. associated with Mr. Je
rome in San Francisco. :
the Services; Which Are" of
:" f_- Simplest Character. ':'"•;
Friends in • Large Numbers Attend
FUNERAL OF THE LATE
; V '. . ,\ MHS/ E. B. 1 JEROME
SCORCHING HEAT
DESTROYS CROPS
;.THEj;: : :SAN-:fFBl^NCISOO^
11
San Mateo County.
OFFICE^ ei6 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
Mt. Olivet Gemetery,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
¦J"«-»la» l*ni« ami urn iln* la arrif* »l
: (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LBAVK — From Jclt It. 1301. — .frit*.
~iOOa Genlcim. Suiauu. Llmin aad Sacra-
- ¦ » - meuto ;.- .*. 6-2-"Sp
7:00a Vacniil-), Wist^e, Rumsey T:5G?
-:3Ui M ar tin g'Z, &au ilatiMin, Valiejo. N*r*p
CaUstoca&ndSuHta. Uosa. S:23p
8:OOa Davis. Woodland, Knigcts Landing.
¦ Maryssille. Oro»i!le. 7:53»
8:00* A'lantio Kxpress— Osdeu and KUut 12:23r
»s»m»a Niles. Lathrop. otoctton ~:'-i*r
SiOOa Kiles. Mendot*. Hanford, Vualu. «
"ortcrville.. 4:33V
SiSWa Shasta Express— Davis. Williams (for
Bartlett Sprirga). WUlows. Bed
Uluff, Portland. 7:33»
•'••* S»ji Jus;, Lifermore. Htcckton,
. jane. Haerameuto. PlaetrrrlUs. .
••- Marysfllle. Cliioo. lt««» Wult.. <i2.tr
; 8iro* OaSdale, Chinese (Ycsecaite). &«-
nor*. Carters..........; - 4:3.>?
•i»O*. Haywaxd. Nilra and l T»y SUtlou*.. » Ii-VIa
SKIOa VaUejo '. l»:33p
M»i Loa Angelea Ezpre» — 1 1 <irn>:o*
' Traej. LaUirop. .Stockton. Merced
•*• ifraaijo am] I*s Accales 7:25»
¦i ' •!»•*, Valleln, Martinez aiul VJuj SUtlsai ?:»Sp
' ie>OUi Tho OrerUnd Limited— Osdao. Lea-
- *er. Uiuaha. Chlcaca «»:!»5»
fttOOp 8acraineuto Kiier aiexiners 1.1;O«4
•i8Op Uasward. mi^saod W»y Ststlom.. 7tiit
««O«r Ueulda. Winters. oaorameiito, j .' -
WiHiilland. KnighU Landlug.
M»ry«7llle, Oroflll«.... 10:03*
_ 4i««P Martiuex. San lUiuon. Tallejow
Nairn. CalUtoica. KaiiU Uosa <»t33v
4:00p NUea, Lirermore. Stockton. Lodi... ¦ l2,J5r
4>aitr Hayward. Niles. Han Jt>««. LiTtnuoro tS:A3A
«:3(>p Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 10:23*
SsUVr Th« Owl UmiSed— Freauo. Tulua.
Bakersfield. Saugng (or Santa liar-
- bara, Loa Ang^«s °. »;33»
• tOBp Martinrx. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno lS:23p
9<O»p Yosemita liiijj
ftiSOr New Orleans Exprew— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakers Se Id. Loa Anjeles. * '
Utmlng. El Paso. New Orio-c*
aod Kast ;.... 7t33a
' •«««r Dajward. Nilea and San Joss <:.-».i k
f«iOttp Vallsjo 1 1:23*
•>OOp Oriental MaO— Ogden. Cbfjenoo.
Omaha. Chicago I2:23p
litOr Orieutsl Mail— Ogden, Denver.
8t Ltmia. Chirnno. 4t»3-
- Vt**P Oregon and CaKforuia Kx I'resn, Mao-
noneiitn, AlarjSTille, Iteilillng, *
Portlniiil. 1'tiget Hound ami I'laal «i3.1»
¦••5p8ao Pablo. Pott Coat*. Martlaea
».id n» BtaUous 11:23a
t»lO3f Vallelo.-. . ?s3.^>
COAST -LINE (Narrow (la.i S e).
j V --'.':; -X : (Foot ot Market Street.)
y7»43A Santa Cna Exennloo to riaota Cms
aad Principal Way Stations {S<4>3»
¦iISa Newark. Centert ille.^an Joao, Felton.
Boulder Creek.ganta Cruz and Way
Btatious 5i3<»»
!•»!»» Newark, CenterTille. Ban Jone, New -
• . - Almaden. Veltoo. llonMer Oraek.
8in'.» Crux and I'riuclual Waj
SUUons. .-. Ifti.ifta
4il3r Newark. Han Joss. Los Gatos „ fSi.lOa
«4tl3p Olenwood.Bonlder Creek, 8aotoCrn» «»i3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
toaSU rUSCISCO— rnoi of Mirkat Str*t(3i:?S)—
17:15 9:00 ll:C0i.M. l:C3 3:C3 S:13p.«.
fftniO.IUIB— U*i «tBtud*aj.— tii:00 td:CO 13;0J
la.OOt.n. 18;80 2:03 1:33 r.u.
COAST LINE (Kroail Oaage).
(Third and TownsemT Sti)
OilOa Sao Jos« aod Waj hUtlon».. .._.... «>3»a
t?:S«A Hau Joaa mill Wa» SUtiuna li»up
/7i«>Ua New Al.nulen , / «tie»
1"J«3O a Sunday Eicuision for San Jctm,
• 8aata Crui. Pacific Qror* tad
Principal Way Stations.: |8>3«»
••••a Ban Jom. Holliater. Huuta Cruz.
PucHJo Uro»a. haliaaa. San L(d»
' Obispo. Santa Barbara and Prio-
ejpal intermediate .Statfuua ., ?>3e*
IOiBSa Baa Jose and Way Stations.. 6:307
IIiSOa Saa Joae ami Way SUUims..; Si30r
tSi-l^r 8a& Mateo. lledwood. Mi*nlo Park.
; ¦ . * Palo Alto. .Hanta Clara, »a» Joaa.
',.-'_.' Hol'iater. Santa Cruz. Saliuaa,
!'- Monterey and Pacific OroTa. tlS:43*
SttOr 8an Jnse. Tret Pines. Santa Cms.
Padflo Grora and Way Station* 4:I0»
f€tlBp San Joae anil Principal Way Stations »<-t->A
iSxOOr San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal -
Way Stations 1O:OO«
ftlSOp vinJoie and Principal Way Stations 8:36a
• iOOp Redwood, San Jose, Gi'rr.y. SaliDaa,
i - Santa Barbara, Loa Angeles 1O:O3a
8:8«r San Joae ami Way stations. ........ 1":«»»
«ll»45p San Joaa and Way Stationa ~:3Oy
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. , J Siuida y only.
« Saturday only. « Monday.
j Saturday alvi Sunday. / Tuesdays and Frfjlaij.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AMD NORTH PANFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. . Tlbur'on Ferry. Foot of Market Stv _
¦ ¦ San Francisca to Haa Kauct. ~
WEEK DAYS-7:30. . 9:00. 11:00 *v m.;. 12:33.
3:30. *E:10. 6:30 p. m. .Thursdays— Extra trip
i at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:ju
and. 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. '
San Rafael to San Fpanelsco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:33 p. m. >'.¦.
SUWDAYS-8:l0, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. < - t
Leave - I In Effect I Arrive
: San Francisco. [April 23. 1301. | San Francisco.
Week J Sun- J | Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. . days. I Days.
7:30 am) 8:00 ami Novato. < 113:40 am 8.40 ana
3:30 pmf 9:30 ami Petaluma. j 6:05 pro 10:25 am
6:10 pmi 5:60 pm| Santa Rosa. | 7:33 pm 6:30 pm
Fulton.
' 7:30 am Windsor. .10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
*-- .-„ - Lytton.
Geyserville.
8:30 pra 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 prnf 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10.25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pml S:20 pm
7:30 am/ . 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm I 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
¦:---., and ) )
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulnhur Springs; at . Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Kiehland Sprines. Kelacyville, Carls-
bad Sprines, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at TJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heisrhts. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal. Willits, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol3en's. . Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates, " - - • ,
On Sundays ! round-trip tickets to all points
beyend San Rafael, at half rates. .
Ticket office. 630 Market street, Chronlcla
building.
H. C. WHITING. . R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manuager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry- ' ¦
Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
-¦-'-¦ AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. •9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. *1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. '6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-=-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:43 p. m. '.
- SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *10:00.. 11:00. 11:39
a. m.. 12:45. •1:30. 2:30. "3:45. 5:CC. 8:00. 7:33
p. to. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ¦
. Trains marked <*) run to San. Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-*3:J5. 6:27. 7:47. S:35, 1O:1J
a m.. •12:25. 1:15. 2:20. "3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:C0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13. *S:00. 9:45. »11:00 a. m.. 13
m..' 1:00. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. *5: 43. 6:45. 7:30. 13:19
P. m. ;
Trains marked f*> start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 8:45. 7:53. R:3S. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:43. 5:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:53 p. m..
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13.
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15.- 7:15. 10:33 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tion?.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero aad way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays eicepted>—
Tomales and way . stations.
-8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero' and way sta-
tions. • • ""- • • '. - ¦ •
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tion.*. -
MOUNT TAM ALPAIS RAI LWAY
15g^j;r..... week days:...; J f:§:£
800 a.m.) f 12:15 p. u.
9iX)A.M. l:\5r.H.
• 10^)0 a.' M..I STTVDA Y3 4 ' i3S> p - *••
US0A.U. f WWDAW....... V 4:50 P. IB. '
130 P. M. ¦ . iJjO?. a*.
240 r. M. J jlWI 7:10 p. ac.
:VCJT. tin. 8u rnalsM Is Saaalt saffenra, II a
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sausalito Perty.
a Dr. Gilblbon's Dispensary,
<62d HEARSY ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. I^ost Sianbood. Debility or
(lis*-as»» wearinpon body amt mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcureswlien -
others fait. Try him. Charges low.
Cures EuaraDtrrd. Call or Witt*
Dr. JT. JET. tlIBBO.\, Saa IVaccisco. CaJ. -;- •
A\cMVO"*' <fc CO.. ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
¦ 1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th.
- Telephone South 247.
JAMBS iVlcGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. bet
Taylor and Jones. . : Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnri»: and Cnfarn.
BUSH. 912-rA few rooms In an elegant private
home, in excess of -needs of present, occu-
pants, can be rented by refined and unex-
ceptionable married couples, or gentlemen;
house modern: all conveniences; hot and cold
water at ell hours; furnishings best procur-
able; location convenient to business; only
parties who appreciate a refined environment
- need apply; to euch rates will be reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 718— Nicely furnished rooms;
sunny and clean. I -
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDT. 106— Sunny suite; also single rooms.
EDDY, 210^-Kewly furnished elegant single
and' double rooms;v runnlnc water: terms
-_ moderate. • v
EDDY, S26— House Just being furnished; ele-
gant apartments and rooms, $8 to 120.
ELLIS, 310— Newly furnished rooms; references
exchanged. ' - -. >^
ELLIS. 321— Thoroughly renovated; 100 sunny
rooms; 25c night; $1 25 week.
$1 10 WEEK— Large sunny furnished room;,
closet: bath. Call by -8 p. m. at 834 Folsom st.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and f ingle;, travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137, bet. Van Ness and Franklin— New-
ly turn, rms., en suite or single; bath, phone.
HARRISON. 7S414, near Fourth— Finely ¦ fur-
ni&hed rooms; baths; all conveniences;
homelike; Jl up. •-..v--;-> %
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; newbuild-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly .first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the i
week or month; best in the 1 city preferences; ,
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et. .
HOWARD, 761% — Nicely furnished sunny room
suitable man ajjd wife; others: reasonable.
HOWARD. 922— One sunny bay-window room
with or without board; private house; rates
reasonable; reference wanted.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnishea rooms; for
transient: for travelers; baths.
MARKET. 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MASON. 107— Nicely furnished rooms, en suite
or single: {1 50 per week up.
NATOHA,' 2S4, near Fourth — 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink, closets.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window: sun all day; double bed; $10. - jv, •.'
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
;
O'FARRELL. 332— Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, en Fuite and single; $10 up; bath; ref.
POST. S27— Large . single sunny room, $S; also
small room. $4. • •
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'- par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month, 58 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
6HERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 510— Furnished rooms to let.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny dean suites and
¦ 6ingle rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
SUMNER, 10. off Howard, near Eighth— 4
rooms to let; rent S9. Apply 430 Vallejo st.
TAYLOR, 23S— Elejantly furnished rooms;
house just opened; fine suite, $25; everything
• new.
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore si
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BEAUTIFUL I sunny ! parlor and first-class
board for two; $55 per mo. 938 Geary st.
| California, 8C7— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
>ly hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
I YOUNG pirl to board in private family: terms
i reasonable. 133 Valsncia St., close to Market.
MeALLISTER, 848— Large alcove single rooms,
. suitable for 2 or 3 persons; fine table board.
HOTEL. Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
j : " excellent' table; special rates to tourists.
I VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., sunny suites; best table board.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
I Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
j United States cr Canada one year for tl.
i ROO3IS WANTED. "
BY September 1, fl*e furnished housekeeping
* rooms; adults: state rent. Box 4966. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city «r country.- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery 'st.. rooms 9-10. tel. 5580.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor; trial free; send for circular. 935 Mkt., r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Eine.
SEWIXG MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold; rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates;phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
1 SLOT MACHIXES.
TWO roulettes, only. $75 each, cost $250. : 1167
Market, bet. 7th and Sth; other machines.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST. Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F/ W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAR^ncF^TTYP^rairaRS^We
sell better machines /or less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 -California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, afl makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg' y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
* MAEKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
ye»terday:
Emll Schudel, 25, corner Twenty-second and
Capp streets, and Gesslne M. Wehrenberg, 19,
corner Twenty-second and Capp streets. '
James H. Condit. 36, 1004 Washington street",
and Jane Trubody. 35, 1004 Washington street
Adolfo Unger, 23, Orovllle, and Elena San-
dona, 21, 629 Broadway.
Julien Puech, 27, 819 Stockton street, an<l
Pelagie Guibert, ¦ 22. 1237 Stockton street. •
Andrew H. Andersen. ' 21. ' 160 Clinton Park,
and Emllle M. C. Mingst. 25. 160 Clinton Park
Andrew C. Scudero, 25, 1031 Montgomery
street, and Frances I. Noto, 19, 717*4 Vallejo.
Claus J. Schluter. 25. 812 Church street, and
Mathllde J. RIssIand. 22. 512 Shotwell street
Will P. Jager, 21, 340 Capp etreet. and Mattie
R. Cox, 21,'261 Capp street. . • . ••
Edward A. Richards, 41, Sacramento, and
Jessie Duncan, 42, Sacramento.
. Patrick W. » Neylan, 37, 412 Bryant street,
and Jennie M. Loughrey. 29, 412 Bryant street.
Jeremiah O'Connor, 51. 34 A Mary street, and
Mary O'Connor.' 45, 34A Mary street. -,.¦¦- -..-.-
Charles W. Still. 34. 812 Hyde street, and
Louis* E. Proll. 24, Elgin Park avenue.
Michael C. Nolan. 24, ¦ city, and Bessie A.
Stewart, 23, city.
. BIRTHS-MARRMES-DEATHS, '
. Birth, marriage end death notices . sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with . the name and residence of ; per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. ;
ARKINSTALL— In this city, August 23, 1901,
to the wife of 'John • Arklnstall, a daughter.
GOTTUNG — In this city,- August 29, 1901, to the
¦ wife of Fred Gottung, a son. ¦ ' . ¦' -
MARRIED. ' '
CONDIT— TRUBODY— In' this city, August 29,
1901, by , the Rev. J. B. Cheynoweth and ' the
Rev. Frank K. Baker, : James/Henry Condit
and Jane Trubody, both of San Francisco. ..
FAY— DOANE— In this city. August 28, 1901.
by the Rev. F.W.- Fischer, "Elton F. Fay
•of Cheyenne. . Wyo.." and Ida C. Doane of San
1 Francisco.-- .... .- '-*". . , . .
McLAREN^-CASEY— In this city. August ¦ 1/
1901. by the Rev. H. 8. Hansen, ' Will . Mc-
Laren and Delia E. Casey, both of San Fran-
cisco. ". ' > ¦ ." .- „ <
MOONEY— LAINGOR— In this city, August 25,
1501, by- the Rev/ J. H. Schroeder, Joseph - M.
Mooney and Susan Lalngor. ' • /.
STELLISCH— FORBES-^In thin - city. August
- 24, 1901. by the Rev.- J.- H. Schroeder, Wll-
' liam gtelllech . and Mathllde Forbea.
Samuel McFadden, i 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' \ Association: . M.
J. McBrearty, with the same company for
10 years; P. F. Green, late with J. C.
O'Connor & Co.. have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS
Telephone South SO.
•:- ':¦- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
- ;0 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School..;
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Pl«]J "^ICI AX$ AXD SURGEONS.
D^-~,?- ,9" O'DOXNELL^Ofnce and residence^
10H4 Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR " J^"°^ G HIM, herb doctor, e-jceessfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A-DR. WONG "VYOO, herb doctor; sanitarium!
464-^66 Clay ft.; see testimonials at office.
RI2AL ESTATE CITY— FOR SAUL
TWO choice sunny corners; just the location
for flats that never will be vacant: will pay
Wer interest: surrounded with nice homes and
v<>ry desirable ; Union and Pierce sts.. north-
west corner. 87:6x110: street work done; ba-
, Fait blocks; stone pavement; suitable for 5
flat*; $3750.
Pierce and Filbert sts.. north of Union: 3€x
52^: ftreet work done: Filbert is bltumenized;
« fiats can be built; $2350.
Both these comers are easy of access by the
T_nlon-st. cable cars and any one wanting to
Increase their income will buy these lots
¦ W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
OWNERS of property on Valencia. Guerrero
or Mission ««. who wUh to sell call on W.
J. GUNN. £30 California gt.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and u-est cf Hyde as far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUNN. 630 California St.. S. F. Sav-
tngg Union building:.
EIX, eeven and eight room cottages: also two
flat houses In block between l.th. 18th. Castro
and Noe sts.; hi. cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
EON. bulider.
IF you Tvant to sell your real estate, city or
country, brine it tr>
THE TH^LPS-LEWIS CO..
7P2 Market St.. S. F.
-SUBURBAN tracts, near Burlln&ame and
•waterworks. MARK LANE, 631 Market St.,
opposite Palace HoteL
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address in the
T. nited States or Canada one year for Jl.
REAL ESTATE-— COUXTRY For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City, gutter County, short distance from
Maryevllle; all rich valley land under culti-
vation: good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be eold in whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County; will be sold In
whole or \n part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated In the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be 6een to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call office
for Information a bargain will be given. '
¦^~ F^ R J5 ALE XEA R SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to m per acre, on Rancho
Ootatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
JL for P° ult ry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California et.. for pam-
phlets or lnforma.tion. . . *«""
TO LEASE.
A w. d v lrr ranch at Tomales. Marin Countv.
¦ i£i h .^ arrle » 6° cows; plenty of arable land;
¦ ply^W.^E'K'Tomale^ c ""°^ A^
POULTRY and dairy ranches for Bale; write for
fre« list. C R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for s cents- The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FINELY furnished houses t^^ent~for~the~wln^
ter at reduced rates; choice improved and un-
improved property for sale; fine lot 57x130:
will build to suit purchaser; sun all day; 3
minutes to depot; $300 down, balance install-
ments. S. H. ROBERTS. Real Estate and
insurance. Mill Valley. Cal. •
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE, i
JS050— DO you want a bargain? ~JliFt~look~at
Uils ; fine house and lot. house in perfect
order, containing 6 rooms, together with a
fine corner lot 6CxlC0; street work all done;
. only one block from station, and within 5
minutes of university grounds.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
J3C0O— XEW S-room house, ready for occupancy
equipped with window shades, combination
fixtures, gas and electric lighting: corner lot;
Ftreet work all done; very accessible to rail- j
road and electric cars. !
Only ,$1400— 5-room house, large lot. within i
walking distance of university.
JOS. J. MASON".
;; Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
I2CC0 FOR a new 5-room cottage, modern in
every respect; porcelain bath, tiled sink, ¦
handsome mantel, laundry, gas and electric i
fixtures: one block to station and cars; only
T200 cash, balance S20 per month. W. C.
MORAX & CO.
: ;
iC250 FOR a new and modern 7-room house. |
near the university and in choicest part of I
-town: easy terms if desired. W. C. MORAN
- & CO.
1300— DOX'T forget those lets in the Wheeler j
tract, just north of the U. C. grounds; cheap-
est property in Berkeley. W. C. MORAN &
CO.. Schmidt block, Berkeley or Lorin station.
BARGAIN In 8-room house, -with ail modern
improvements; corner lot in desirable location;
owner sells owing to removal south. J. H.
LOGIE. 713 Market et.. San Francisco. "'.;•¦ r
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.OIEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved & •unimproved property
acquit ed by foreclosure; 14 cash. Bank of Ala.
- OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
- OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
EPECIAL BARGAINS. — — — —
REAL SNAPS.
Call and See These Fine New Houses.
IS250— New borne of 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
Just completed; close in town. • ' •' "
14000— New house of S rooms and bath; roust be
sold ; fine location.
94500— New house. S rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street
Alto a. number of new homes in course of con-
struction.
A. J. ENTDER.
467 Ninth gt.. OakUnd.
11800— IN Piedmont; modern Eastlake cottage
of C large rooms; t bay-windows, bath, laun-
' dry. high basement; lot 30x119; sunny side;
elevated ground; choice location; right near
the cars; will be sold on monthly payments
. If desired.
- GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive amenta for this property.
1008 Broadway. Oakland. ¦
OAKLAND Fl'RXlTCRE FOR SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oaldand>
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO, 429, near Seventeenth— 2 private
housekeeping; furnished complete; . lawn;
Coven; no children.
FOLSOM. E2»— Suite »unny furnished front
rooms; light housekeeping; .12 25 weekly.
FOURTH. 42714— Four furnished housekeeping
rooms;- tci> floor.
HOWARD, 2381—2 or 4 sunny well fur. rooms;
$11 to couple; coal 6tove; fold, bed; storeroom.
HTDE 219— Three furnished rooms for house-
keeping; bath included; references required.
JOHN, 4«£. off Powell, nr. Pacific— Four fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, cheap.
MISSION. 2503V6— Furnished front room, for
light housekeeping; gas stove.
POLK. 1002—3 and E room euite*. completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POWELL, 1401-2 or 3 large sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms: gas and bath; sink.
THIRD. 335— Furnished rooms, suitable for
- housekeeping. - •"" '
TURK. 123— Very fine euite housekeeping; also
othera; newly furnished; private home.-
TURK, £25— Bolar flats: fine: new; Chicago
etyle; 1 to S room euites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; janitor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
X'eraKCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has boea established at 1O*«
Vf l»nc»a «t. - ¦••¦-.
ROOMS TO LET Font. «md Unforn.
AHLBORN .HOTEL. 221 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city;. polite attendance;
large rooms. 60c up; meals. 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 <¦ Sixth— Rooms.
ttc to fl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night-
ARGTLE. 234 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny;
f;rt\] attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlUster-st. gars.
AT Ehasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; i newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. fl to t3 week. - - ' -
BACHELOR Hotel. IS Maeon et.— 100 newly fur-
nished room*. $150 per week up;, elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call belle;
flm-class; quiet; central. -
Bl'RXETT, U26 Market <old No. 136«>— Fur-
•uc&ed ran., EUltes, Etcsle; also unfurnie&ed*
; OCEAN TEAVEL.
A Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
; ~ Steamers .'leave Broadway
fej^ "~- -Wharf, San Francisco:
Hfefc^-. For' Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
|JHg3SJ*£ »very fifth day. Change to
! E3sJl!S33*iBk company's steamers at Seattl*.
I ESS «K\a?a For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
1 E|!&c2n 3k1 C.). Port Townsend, Seattle.
fifitfgZLtiSMl Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
' r^^^«WsBK«*n<l New.Whatcom (Wash.)—
n a m % every fifth day.
. . vT Changs at Seattle for thfs
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. ¦ Ry. :
at, Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to ' C. '. P. : Ry.
Tor Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. ' m.
every fifth day. . ¦*-.¦¦ ¦ '¦
For San - Diego, stopping- only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Bfles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. ' Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer -: State of California. ; Wednesdays. 9
a. m. - . -.-;*-- "~~-
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cru*.
Monterey.- San Simeon. • Cayncc*.' Port Harford
(San Luis ' Obispo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and, •Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; ' steamer Bonita. Tuesdays.
9 fl. Q. -¦¦¦-.. ' : ¦-.-¦.:• -¦.-.' ¦:
For Er.genada," Mapdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Met.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain - company's
folders. :, .'•'.- . -. .; ... ....'
The company, reserves the right to chance
steamers, nailing . days and hours of sallies
without previous notice. • ¦.
TICKET OFFICE-t New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Oen. AjtKlts.
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R\, & N. CO,
Only Steamship Txlx»» -to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to nil
. ro'nts East. Through fi=ket»',to'aU
; point*. fl |t rnii nr mtenmxhlrt frn"i rail, as'
BTBAMEB TICKETS INOLTOE BERTH «ai SB kU\
SS. COLUMBIA ........ .....:.... ....;...;..'.;
...........ISails Ang. 21, 81. Sept. 10. 20. 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
' ......Sails Aug. 26. Sept. B. 15. 23
D. W.HITCHCOCK. GEN.Agt.,1 Montgm'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HI TOBK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg", westbound.
From; New York 'i Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Sept. Ill Philadelphia ....Oct. 2
St. Paul ...Sept. 181 St. Paul .....Oct. 9
St. Louis .Sept. 25 St. Louis Oct. 16
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From . New -.York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland ...:. Sept. lllFriesland .... Oct. 2
Kensington. ....Sept. 18 Southwark 1 Oct. 9
•Zeeland .......:Sept. 25 •Vaderland Oct. 16
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound. . ; . -
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
_•-: . CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN EAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and ¦ Brannan streets, «t 1 p. m .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. . calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki . and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers - for
India, -etc. No cargo received on board, on
day of sailing-. ',".- ¦ ¦- ' ' . ¦
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ '"?..".'. ¦
Wednesday. - September 4, 1301
SS. NTPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27, 1901
83. AMERICA MARU
- Wednesday. October 23. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced -rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
f W. H. AVERT. General Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
T6 Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American parts. Sailing from How-
ard S.- Pier 10. 12 m. '
>ALENA.......Aug. 31 1 COLOMBIA.... Sept. 14
GUATEMALA. .Sept 4ITUCAPEL .Sept. 23
• These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral- and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or 'Panama.) - Freight
and. passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen, j AgenU
AAAOnfiVe e £>A HAWAII, SAMOA, NEW
S. S.MARIPOS A. for Honolulu only '.. ".:.....
........."....;. .Saturday. August 31. 2 p. ra. i
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti......
.."Wednesday. September li-10 a. m.
S. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
NewZealand and Australia....
1 ...... ......Thursday. September 12. 10 a. m.
J, O.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Bsmrai Agsnts. 327 Market St
Qsn'l Passsnun 1 Office, 643 Market St., Pier Ho. 7. Pacifia St
PANAMA R. R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT. |
Cahin. 105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free. \
S. S. Argyll sails •¦ . Auft.
/ ; ."_ From Seawall Section No. 1.
S. S. Lee I an aw nnils , Aug.
S.S.Argyll sails , Sept.
'-' I^rom Howard street at 3 p. m. . ¦
- Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
' F. F." CONNOR. Pacific Coast A^ent. . -
COMPAGNIE . OENER ALE THAN8 ATLANTIQDS
DIRECT : LINE TO • HAVRE-PARIS. * ' Tj1M> .
Sailing evei-y Thursday, instead of f/Vfrrjit
Saturday, at 10. a. m..- from: pier 42, ¦SIKWSI
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
pagne. September 5; *La Savoie, September 12;
•L'Aquitaine, September 19; La Bretagne, Sep-
tember 26.
• . First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. --Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
:¦ 'Twin Screw Express Steamers. . . ' . '^
BAY AND BTVEB SrFATffEB.9>
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
. Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO .
¦ 9:43' a. ro., 3:15 and 8:30 d. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9 :45 a. m.. 8 :30 - p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p.m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far» SJ
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landint: and o(-
flee. pier 2. Ml«sloTi-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
r railway;, travel.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. 1 !. .¦
. ¦.•-¦¦ Local Llm'd Ovrl"d Local
.;,'-.,,.. -^ Daily * : DaUy Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
'.Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p .
:.". Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:30 p
:i" : Hanford/. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........
"Visalla... 3:40 p :..:.... 4:48 a ........
•"Bakrsfield 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .".
.."', Kan City ...-. 2:40 s. 7:30 a ........
" Chicago.. ........ 2:15 p| 8:00 p ......;.
;' & for mornlnK. p for afternoon. ~
' *9 a. m.; train is the ' Calif ornia Lim-
ited. . leaving . Monday and - Thursday ' only
carrying; Palace ¦ Sleeping Cars and Dinins
Cars through to Chicago. : Chair Car runs '
-. to . Bakersfleld for accommodation of . local
. flrst-class ¦ passengers. • No • % second-class
z, tickets honored on this train", v Correspond- ¦
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and ¦
Friday.-.. -',,;_..•. .;-¦*< ;.;.-.• % .. .- •¦•%.-•, ¦:,-,
: 4 :20 ; p. m. , is Stockton and Fresno local
Corresponding • train arrives at 12:30 p. m.'
daily.- .' ..-•
8:00 p.. m. Is the Overland Express with
• through ; Palace and Tourist . Sleepers >, and '
5 Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also !
Palace Sleeper,', which cuts out at Fresno.
i Corresponding- train * arrives "at 5:55 p. m.
da!ly.\ " - .
-. ..7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping; at
all - points ; In 5 San " Joaquln ¦ Valley. - Corre- •
spondingr train arrives at 8:40 a; m. : daily. '
. . Of flces-r€41 r; Market street and ' in : Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
¦ land.— ¦-''•¦ -^- --¦>•--¦ . ¦¦-¦-*. .-¦> ¦ ¦¦ -: • .¦ ¦
in?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
' Halsted & 'Co., 946 Mission street.
WALTER-In Nome, N. F. ' "Walter, fion of
Mrs. Doreth, and brother of Sanford F. and
Flora Walter, a native of Virginia City,
New, aged 37 years and 5 months.;
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
September 1. .at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 308A Tenth street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
SOMERS— In this city, August 28, 1901, Stan-
wood Wetherbee, infant son of George Bur-
bank and Mary Hooper Somers, - aged 25
days.
ST. CLAIR— In this city. August 29, 1901, - Al-
fred St. Clair, a native of Saxony, Germany,
aged 74 years and 3 months. /
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the- Chapel of
the Passion, attached to St. ¦ Mary's Hospl-
¦ ¦ tal, where a solemn requiem mass will - be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Remains at
the parlors of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market
street, between Eighth and Ninth.
MELLIN— August 29, 1901, Edward J. Mellln,
son of Mary and the late Arvid E. Mellin,
and brother of Ethel and George Mellin, a
natlv* of - San Francisco, aged 14 years 4
. .months and 17 days.
PAULSEN— In this city, August 19, 1901. Wll-
lard F.. only and beloved son of Fred W.
and Anna M. Paulsen, a native of Minne-
sota, aged 5 years 1 month and 29 days.
REILLY— In this city, August 28, 1901, Cap-
tain M. J., beloved husband of Lucy M.
Reilly, a native of Missouri, • aged 61 years
11 months and 5 days.
. (C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerah Sunday,
September 1, at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
¦ Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McQUAIDE— In 'this city, August 28, 1901.
Margaret, beloved wife of -the 'late Patrick
McQuaide, . and mother of J. P., D. B., A.
T. and F. "D. McQuaide, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years 2 months' and
6 days.
(E^Friends and acquaintances, are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral ! to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors Of
. the Henry J." Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Croes
Cemetery.
MACY— In Nantucket, August 3, 1901, Susan,
wife of Alex Macy, aged 73 years.
MAHONEY— In this city, August 27, 1901, Ed-
mond Mahoney, a native of Ireland, aged 62
years. •
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, at the
chapel of Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth street.
Oakland. Interment private.
JONES— In the City and County Hcspital, Au-
gust 28, 1901, Michael Jones, a native of New
Jersey, aged 67 years. "--.
LASETTE— In this city, August 28, 1901, Mar-
tin A. Lasette, beloved husband of Ida La-
sette, father of Ruth and Bell Lasette. and
stepfather ; of William, Ida anc! Samuel
Treadwell, a • native of New York, . ased 54
years. A member of Ye.rba Buena Lodge No.
14, A. O. U. W., and the Millwrights' -.Union,
No. 766.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
FISHER— In Grass Valley, August 27. 1901.
Ida M.. wife 0/ H. H. Fisher, a native of
Stockton, Cal.. aged 26 years. '
' ->BT3 r Notiee of funeral hereafter. --\V;'-:
CONE— In this city. Augrust 28. 1901, William
. Fairfax, son of William H. and Isabelle F.
Cone, a^ed 4 days. .
DALY— In this city. August 29, 1301, Veronica,
¦dearly- beloved daughter of Julia andyWil-
liam Daly, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 17 days. • ....
DEBOICE— In Oakland, August 29. • 1S01, Eliza-
beth Deboice, mother of the late Mrs. Lllley
Crafts, a native of New Jersey, aced 65
years.
tCT" Friends and acQuaintances -are -respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, ¦ from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31: Eddy Etreet,
¦ thence to- Mission Dolores Church : for ¦ ser-
I vicesN Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city, August 28. 1901, Bridget
Brady, a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
BUEHLER-In this city. August 28. 1901. Rev.
J. ¦¦ M. Buehler. dearly '¦ beloved husband of
- Louisa M. Buehler, and father of Emma L.
and Franz Buehler, Mrs. J. H. Koenie and
Mrs. George Hargens, a native of Baltimore,
Md., aged 64 years and 20 days.
BARNETT— in this city, August 28. 1901. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Florence P. Barnett,
mother of John' J. and the ; late F. P. : and
9 Mary Gertrude '- Barnett. daughter of ' James
and the late Jane Featherstone, and" sister
of . Thomas and Peter Featherstone. Mrs.
'Hugh Quinn, Mrs. . Ellen Van- Pelt and Mrs.
Acnes SDellmah and the late Mrs. Jane
Markely, a native of Siisquehanna,' Pa., aged
29 years 6 months and, 9 days.
DIED.
Barnett, Margaret McQuaide. Margaret
Brady," Bridget Macy, Susan
Buehler. Rev. J. M. ' Mahoney. Edmond
Cor.e. William F. : Mellin. Edward J.
DebolceV Elizabeth Paulsen. WHlarJ F.
Daly." Veronica- Reilly. ;Capt.~M.J.
Fisher, Ida M. ¦-. Somers. Stanwood
Jones, Michael St. Clair. Alfred .
Lasette, Martin A. ' ' Walter, N. F.It is proposed by the trustees that Dr.
Lawlor shall take charge of the institu
tion September 1. Dr. Osborne does not
propose to surrender control . until his
books are audited. He expects that an
auditor to represent himself and one to
represent the Board of Trustees will make
a careful examination of the accounts.
There are indications that the action of
the trustees will be vigorously resisted
by the supporters of Dr. Osborne.
Dr. Lawlor was originally slated. for the
position of medical superintendent of the
Asylum,' for the Insane at Ukiah, but
something happened which rendered re
vision of the programme necessary. A
place, however, had to be found for him,
and the Glen Ellen billet seemed to the
politicians available. Lawlor was for
merly Quarantine Officer and subsequent
ly became Health Officer of San Fran
cisco.
John Mackenzie, who Is the leader in
the Board of Trustees, is the notorious
hoes of Sar.ta Clara County. He received
nis earty training in politics under Jim
Hea. The institution for the care of fee
ble-minded children was orisrinallv located
In Santa Clara County, near San Jose.
The expulsion of the superintendent,
who has served the State faithfully for
fifteen years, was brought about by a re
organization of the Board of Trustees.
The members of the board are John T.
Harrington of Colusa, Robert A, Poppe
of Sonoma, John D. Mackenzie of Santa
Clara, and H. F. Dugan and Thomas
P. Rooney of San Francisco. The
three last named were ; appointed
by Governor Gage. The institution
is located at Glen Ellen, Sonoma
County. At the brief session of the trus
tees yesterday John Mackenzie of San
Jose was elected president. Without de
lay a motion declaring vacant the place
of superintendent was put through. Col
onel Harrington of Colusa voted with the
majority. Mr. Poppe protested against
the execution of the programme. Dugan,
Rooney and Mackenzie stood for the pro
gramme. The next motion was one elect
ing Dr. W. M." Lawlor to fill the vacancy
and It prevailed. It was carried despite
the opposition of Mr. Poppe. As soon as
the business in hand was dispatched ac
cording to prearranged plans the majority
Ecattered. < ¦.¦•,.'''
\ May Take Charge September 1.
great usefulness and made no effort to
supplant him- It is said that Governor
Budd. after diligent Investigation and
thorough consideration of the welfare of
the five hundred feeble-minded wards of
the Stale, came to the conclusion that It
•would be almost a crime to remove Dr.
Osborne. ¦¦ , :\ '• ¦ ; \
THE trustees of the Home for the
Care and Training of Feeble
minded Children met at the
Grand Hotel in this city at 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon, dis
p'ared the superintendent. Dr. A. E. Os
borne. and elected to the position Dr. W.
M. Lawlor. Many fair-minded citizens re
gard this action on the part of the trus
tees as a sameful perversion of the public
interest to make a place for a push poli
tician- , * ; -
Dr. Osborne was called to the superin
tendence of the institution fifteen years
ago. He is a physician of acknowledged
eminence and skill in this branch of med
ical supervision. He is a life-long Repub
lican, yet Democratic Governors—Stone
man, Bartlett and Budd— recognized his
Bridge Completion to Be Celebrated.
SAN LEANDRO, Aug. 29.— The people
of San ' Leandro will unite in_ celebrating
the completion of the big culvert across
San Leandro Creek. The celebration is in
the hands of a committee from the Board
of Trustees, consisting of Messrs/ Frank,
Cary, Morin, Estudillo and McCarthy.
The ladies of the Francesca Relief
Society - will on Tuesday. September 10.
give a concert in St. Ignatius Hall for the
purpose of providing funds for the pur
chase of material for clothing for. needy
children. The society is an adjunct of St.
Ignatius Parish and Mrs. Andrew Welch
Is president. There are 101 active -mem
bers," all .young ladles of St. Ignatius.
They meet each Wednesday morning dur
ing the year and every Christmas provide
about 300 poor children with clothing. As
a result of the strike it is expected that
the demands on the society will be un
usually large this coming Christmas. The
services of the best local talent have been
offered for the concert.
Francesca Belief Society Benefit.
Authorities were cited by both sides
and the case was then submitted on
briefs. ¦". , .
District Attorney Byington represented
the people, the defendants . being repre
sented bv F. D. Brandon, Charles C.
Boynton and Henry K. Moore. In the
petitions for the writs Plymire . and Hew
itt allege that the act to regulate the
practice of dentistry is in violation of sec
tion lof article IV, section 1 of the four
teenth amendment, and sections 1, 11 and
21 of article I of the constitution of the
United States/and section 25, subdivisions
2, 19 and 33 of article IV of the constitu
tion of California: that the act discrim
inates between individuals who were en
gaged in the practice of dentistry in this
State at the i time of the passage of the
act and individuals who since the passage
of the act. have engaged in . the practica
of dentistry in this State; .that the act
deprives the citizens of other States of cer
tain privileges, conferred upon citizens of
this' State: that the act abridges the priv
ileges of the citizens of the United States;
that the act deprives individuals of cer
tain constitutional and inalienable rights
of ' enjoying and defending life and lib
erty, acquiring, - possessing and protect
ing property and procuring and obtaining
safety and happiness: that the act is not
uniform In its operation; that the act is
special in its nature, and that the process
by which the petitioners are restrained of
their liberty is not authorized by any or
der of court nor by any provision of law.
The constitutionality of the. act to reg
ulate the practice of dentistry will be de
cided by Judge Seawell within the next
few weeks. . Petitions for writs of habeas
corpus to secure the release of F. A. Ply
mire and O.B. Hewitt, who were arrested
for. practicing without certificates, were
argued before Judge Seawell and submit
ted on briefs yesterday.
Plymire and Hewitt Sue
for Writs of Habeas
Corpus.
DENTISTS SEEK
TO NULLIFY LAW
, Clarence L. Thurston, who was recently
appointed secretary of the United • States
legation of the Argentine 'republic, is Just
2L. He'Is the youngest man in the diplo
matic servlce'of the United States. - • > -
William Keefe. a blacksmith, died sud
denly in the t Golden^ Eagle. Hotel , yester
day morning. He had been on a spree.'
Sudden Death of "William keef e.
Insolvency Petitions.
F. Url and other creditors. of August
Crucker of Wilson's 'restaurant on: Grant
a\tnue filed a petition' yesterday in the
United States District Court asking -that
Drucker be declared an' involuntary ;in
solvent."'- ¦ ', - :¦- '¦:"¦;; ;/.¦ ; ¦-.>:.- '„¦ .¦-.
¦¦> O.' J: "Willi, a clerk at Sacramento/. filed
a petition in insolvency. He owes $1490 and
has no . assets. ¦ .
University 7 Extension. . ,
' The .University of California has ' ar-,
ranged, as in the. last "few years, with the
educationalV department- of /the : Young
Men's \ Christian': Association ! to , give; sev T
cral courses in the auditorium of.- the s as
sociation building, V corner: of Mason -and
Ellis streets. -Those • planned i are ten lec
tures by . Prof essor - Schilling on the "Ger
man Folk-Song." - six • by Mr. / Greene on
"Art ¦ Criticism • Illustrated.'.' and - four : by
Professor Magee - on -. - ''The History „, of
Physical Culture." - :: prominent
feature - of : the ¦ educational \ work ;< of * the
association' this , winter^ will be^the ; night
law - school.*. -,The -.: complete ; ;cours.e will,
cover -four/ years of weight months., each.
Three f evenings " a f week ; will ' be : given ,' to
lectures and recitations. '-'A George H. Boke
of the. department of jurisprudence at'the
University J of - California is ; to ; direct 'i the
studies ' of ' the first : ; year class. -; A" fee ;¦ of
$50 .will be asked for; each year's work.: 'A
thorough " course ;, in .- legal principles ". and
training has been .- laid out.v with; the ad
vice ;' of * the ;¦ leading • professors ;. connected
wi thl leeal- education on ) the • Pacific ! Coast.' _
The copyists in the Recorder's office who
have been working without pay ; during
the t last four months will now receive
their salaries. When the Supreme' Court
decided that the Recorder's office -was 'a.
county office and exempt from- civil ser
vice rules Recorder Godchaux appointed
Eli Landry, P. J. Kelly and W. HJ- Gar
nett as , copyists without regard to " civil
service."- ¦ • . " • * -. V ¦¦«• ' <-:¦ ¦.'"¦¦ >" ..
.The Civil Service Commission ' filed a
protest * with , the City. Treasurer against
the .'payment ¦•¦' of 'the - demands '• on : the
ground that the Supreme Court's decision
only covered positions of deputies in coun
ty offices. City Attorney Lane advised the
commission yesterday : that all i employes
in. county, offices are exempt- from .civil
service under the decision. ; The 'protest
against- paying . the three 'copyists" was
then withdrawn. . ; \ r .
Recorder's Copyists Receive Pay\
Masuji Miyakawa, editor of the Japan
Tribune, spoke before the members of the
Twentieth Century Club last evenine on
"The History of Japan and Its Relations
With the United States."
Hon/ James G. Maguire announced tho
following lecturers to appear before the
club: 1 /,''; -
September 3 — Clara Bell Brown: subject.
"Twentieth Century Talisman."
September 5— Professor Masters of Stockton;
subject. "Mind in Nature."
September 12 — Dr. Anna Haria Brown: sub
ject. "Improvement of the Human Race."
September 19— Swami Abhayananda
September. 2S— Rev. Dr. Rader.
Japanese Editor Lectures.
last circular Durportinsr/to come from
the ; Merchants' Creditors' Committee has ac
cused the committee representing the teachers
of ' misreoresentetion in> many respects and
among other things/ it is falsely stated that
the teachers \ are. being advised to flght • the
present .claim of the merchants for reasons
that are "at variance with official records and
written documents." The circular then asks
those teachers who have not yet paid the claim
of the merchants to meet the Merchants' Cred
itors' Committee at Union-square Hall in order
that the matterfmay- be explained to them If
the merchant creditors, were askine this in
good faith they would not seek such an inter
view, where there is no Check upon th» repre
sentations they intent make, but would sub
mit their case to the decision of the court
The Teachers' Committee has claimed from
the very beginning thr.t the claim of the, mer
chants • to any repayment of the $7000 was ab
solutely . without any foundation. They hav*
endeavored to • have the ¦ matter tried ¦ so that
all the facts could be ¦ presented to the cour*
and a decision could be had that' would finally
put an end to their, groundless claim, but every
obstacle has been put in the way of a speedy
decition by • the attorney ¦ for y the merchant
creditors. ' In order to bear out this statement
the- Teachers' Committee now offers to the
merchant creditors to make a; test case of the
case of C H. Muphy, or. any teacher, whom
the merchant creditors themselves may select
and try such case at once, the remaining
teachers who, have not yet paid the merchant
creditors to abide by the result • of the I tes*
case. If the merchant creditors are actine in
Kood faith they will certainly, accept this of
fer and not ask any teacher to pay their claim
until its validity has been established - by th^
court in the test case. , .-.-...-/-. : , :
Offer to Make Test Case to Decide
>,Claims of Merchant Credi-
2 The following -address to the teachers
of San Francisco, has been issued bearing
ttc signature of C. H. Murphy, chair
man of the teachers' committee:
PLAN PEOPOSED BY
TEACHERS' COMMITTEE
John R.- Savory ; of 1233 Vallejo street,
the well-known shipping master engaged
in business -at -11 Stuart street, was last
night brutally "iLicaulted- on Leavenworth,
between, Union and Green streets. He was
taken to tlie Central 1 Emergency Hospital,
where ifiwas found that his injuries were
very serious. His nose was'broken, his
face badly battered and up to a late hour
he had not recovered consciousness.
>.'A woman living near; where: he was
found notified the officer In charge of the
North End police station that a manhad
been attacked by a; number of others and
had been left unconscious on the sidewalk.
Near 'the spot where the injured man. was
picked up a'billet :pf heavy wood, four
Inches wide/in inch-thick and about thir
ty inches Ions"' was found: It : was 'cov
ered with blood 'and hair, and was"evi
dently' the : weapon- used in: the assault. V
When- first taken to the hospital/ Sa
vory was able to' tell? his. name and ad
dress and to say- that he had been robbed
of a watch "find chain -and -about %» in
cash., -He afterward lapsed into a state
of - semi-consciousness, and " the doctors
are ' fearful that his injuries are * even
more serlcus than his battered head and
brokennose would, indicate. - , .• * ,
Savory is well known in yachting
cles,' • arid- is ' r probably i one of : the best
known\men along the watex; front. He is
a member of several yachting^clubs and
takes an active interest , in the
cruises/ and. rarely misses one. He has
been in 1 business-, for I a number of years,
and there is probably; not a shipping man
in the city or the skipper of a ; ship visit
ing this port who does not know the.in
jured man. -
"; Mrs.rIrene Mann;' who !keeps >a lodging
house above the.butcher shop/was awak
ened by the explosion. .Thinking tha noise
was caused by \ rioting'strikers, she arose
from bed I and. looked: out the i windew.-- She
saw ¦ nothing, and ,then:retired to bed.f She
thought ~ the*, explosion occurred shortly
after; midnight.; ¦ George - Low c' saw.- the
lights in. front ;of-.the;butcher. shop some
time after •l'o'clock.'-' ¦¦ • ' V ;
:
Daring burglars blew open and rifled tho
safe in,- the butcher shop" of Muller &
Voeke, 328 Third street, early, yesterday
morning. The crime was discovered when
the shop was opened in the morning and
the police were immediately notified.
¦ Detectives Reynolds arid Ryan -were de
tailed-on the case, but were unable to find
a single clew. The robbery was the work
of experienced men. There were evident
ly two in the "job." They gained entrance
to the place by. cutting the wire transom
in front/ To do this one of the burglars
was boosted up, and after cutting the wire
crawled through the opening and dropped
to the floor below. His pal followed by
using. the meat hooks outside.
;*As soon as they gained an-entrance the
burglars set about covering their work.
The arc light in the store that burns all
night was extinguished. They nearly
brought -about their own undoing, how
ever, by turning on the switch which
lighted the incandescent lamp in front of
the store. . This light was seen by George
Low, a barkeeper. In a, liquor store half a
block'. away, lie became suspicious and
tried to notify the police, but was-unsuc
cessful.; ¦ ¦• : ., :"-,-¦ ' ,!• /.•
The burglars turned off the /outside
light and then proceeded leisurely with
their, work. They first tore off the handle
of -the safe, and poured powder into' the
hole. ; A fuse was attached, and without
taking the precaution to muffle the sound
of < the! explosion they lit the fuse. The
front | door was : . blown open ; and - the Inner
door was torn off. its hinges and dropped
to the floor. .The burglars i then emptied
the, safe of. its; valuables.; They did -not
stop to place the money and valuables -in
their ! pockets, but carried the iron box or
drawer away ; )With them and opened it at
1 heir leisure.^^ They .then escapedby open
incr :'¦ the^back door, and walking through
tho alley to .Third street. No one stopped
their flignt., though a score of people were
awakened by 'the 'explosion/ •¦..' - .
iWheni Mr. Vocke arrived in the morning
he. found . s the ruined safe.: and the-, back
door opened. ..He immediately -telephoned
to -;Mr..- Muller; t who quickly arrived- and
.discovered -his,, loss.- - The '.-. burglars • got
away '.with money : and" jewelry to the
value of $350." .The .valuables taken were
a * gold, watch! ' diamond stud/diamond
locket" \ silver ; forks and spoons,' old 1 gold
and' $50 in gold. ; .. :•. . > . • - -, ;.-.
The executive committee of the Union
Labor party held a meeting last evening
at 1159 Mission street. The committee is
composed of delegates from all the unions
in the city. The first business transacted
was the. receiving of credentials and seat
ing of the delegates. A report was* also
read stating that the Union Labor party
is proceeding with the work of making ar
rsr.gements for its convention, which will
be held on September 5. The meeting ad
journed until Saturday evening.
Union Labor Party Meeting.
SHIPPING MASTER
CRUELLY BEATEN
SAFE OPENED
BY EXPLOSION
JOHNR. DANIELLS, WHO HAS
BEEN ELECTED PRESIDING
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE/ .
The Feeble-minded Board is Democratic
in complexion, and the remarkable fact Is
cited that two Democrats were appointed
by Governor Gage 'and one was reap
pointed. Colonel Harrington of Colusa
went on the board during a Democratic
administration, but was , reappointed by
Governor Gage. Messrs. Dugan and
Rooney, Democrats, were recently com
missioned by the present Governor. It is
asserted by responsible men who have
inside knowledge of affairs at the institu
tion that Dugan and Rocney have had no
time to investigate conditions of the home
since they were appointed. The books
ana accounts of the home -are annually
experted by Lou Wadham. The law re
quires that all money received from indi
viduals for the care of patients at the
home shall be paid over to the State.
Gage Appoints Democrats.
The Young Hen's Christian Association
has recently determined to inaugurate a
night law school/ should there be a suffi
cient demand among the \- men of this city
for such' am institution. The course will
extend through four years . and the tui
tion fee has -been, placed, at $50. Applica
tions for admission should be addressed to
A. A." Macurda, Association building, Ma
son and Ellis streets. ; ; :¦ .":> ',
Night Law School.
Several , sites were considered, among
them the Mechanics' Pavilion, on Larkin
street; the gore lot at Market and Oak
streets and the Fair block at Powell and
California streets. ,"W. L. Cole and Fred
Elliott, representing 1 ! the Market Street
and Eureka Valley Improvement clubs,
pleaded for the erection of the library on
the Mechanics' Pavilion block, presenting
a set of resolutions to that effect adopted
by the club. S. C. Irving stated that the
property could be acquired by the city for
a less figure than that I at which It would
be sold to other parties. Brandenstein
favored the Fair site for purpose or
beauty, but Mayor Phelan . thought the
site should be more central. The building
committee of the Library Trustees also
favored the Pavilion lot and urged that
$600,000 be devoted to the central library
and $150,000 for the branch libraries.
Mrs. Lovell White, president of the Cali
fornia Club, addressed the committee with
a plea that the top floor of the building be
reserved for an art museum.
The committee decided to confer with
the Mechanics* Institute directors at their
meeting on September 7 regarding the pro
posed consolidation of the Mechanics' and
Public libraries: also to meet with the
Fair estate managers looking toward the
acquisition of the California-street site.
The committee then adopted a resolution
requesting advice from the City Attorney
on these Questions:
1. If money is provided In the tax levy for
a site i to cost more than I'iO.OOO. or to be pro
vided by a bond issue, what are the procee<1
lnsrs necessary to be followed in either case?
2. If several sites for branch libraries in dif
ferent parts of the city are to be acquired at an
aggregate cost of more than $30,000 out of th<»
tax levy is It necessary to have a vote of tha
people on the question?
3. Can the cHy condemn the leasehold of the
Lincoln School lots? ; -
Supervisors * Boxton, chairman: D'Ancona
and Brandenstein present. Mayor Phe
lan, S. C. * Irving, president of the Me
chanics' Institute; Supervisor Horace
Wilson, who is also a director of the insti
tute, and Trustees "Wise, Lilienthal and
O'Connor of the Public Library were pres
ent to make suggestions for the proposed
site.
The Supervisors'- committee appointed
by the Mayor to select a suitable site for
the proposed Carnegie library met Ia3t
night at the chambers of the board, with'
Inquiry at the-Bureau of Streets dis
closed the fact that General Manager. Vin
ing wrote a-letter recently to Chief Depj:
uty Thomas," in which I the former ¦ claims
that the, track onTehama street' is .. not
an unused' track 1 , as it .was built in. ac
cordance with the privileges given by the
company's franchise for tha purpose ' of
reaching the Tehama-street carhouse. The
records show- that ..the Omnibus Railroad
Company was granted a franchise on cer
tain streets, including Tehama street, in
1879. , A resolution of December 3, 1834.
gave the Market-streef Railway Company
the right to use electricity on- the streets
covered by the old- franchise, -but- did not
include Tehama "street. • For that' reason
Braunhart holds • that the track thereon
has been abandoned. >' • * - ¦? ¦• ...'•¦.
Supervisor McCarthy/'WlU cite a. second
instance of the Board" of Works' negli
gence in its failure to. require the, removal
of the cable slots on Howard; street. A
general resolution requiring' all abandoned
tracks belonging to .. the ¦ Market-street
Railway Company to be 'forthwith re
moved was passed' several • months ago.
The big ' corporation has proceeded to
carry 'out ,the; dictates of the Board of
Supervisors,'; but only- at its own sweet
will. Though: the Howard-street line has
been operated as an electric road for •¦ six
months the cable slots have been removed
only at the lower, end, while the rest, of
the street, remains disfigured..-
Supervisor -McCarthy "says he has been
informed that the reason why. the Board
of Works has not carried out. its plain
duty/ to cause the .removal of -the slots
and the restoration of the ¦.pavement "to
its former condition is that,the:cable-al
leyways may serve as sewer conduits: in
the future. McCarthy does not- consider
this reason as sufficient and he wilMntro
duce a new resolution again directing 1 the
Board of Works to cause the immediate
removal of the cable slots. *
; The first instance of the Board of
Works' dereliction will be cited by Super
visor Braunhart, who introduced a reso
lution more than three weeks ago order
ing the' immediate removal of the tracks
on Teharna street, between Third and
fourth. The resolution stated that the
unused tracks were a hindrance to traffic
and it was , unanimously adopted after; a
favorable report by. the Street Committee.
Although three weeks have passed since
the ' action mentioned-' was taken, the
Board of Works has not made a move -as
yet to carry out the provisions • of . the
ordinance. Secretary Park said yester
day that the rails would-be taken up-as
scon as teams could be secured, but. he
cculd not state when the" work would be
commenced. ¦ ; ' ¦ ... • • ¦'¦'.. -' "
The attention of the Board of Supervi
sors will be called at next Monday's meet
ing to the fact that the Board of Public
Works is ignoring ordinances passed by
the first named body," directing it to-re
move abandoned tracks belonging to. the
Market-street Railway Company.
' The selection of Judge Darilells is emi
nently satisfactory, to the members of the
bar, , he having given, evidence' of much
legal ability during the short time he has
been on the Justice's bench. . ' . •
Judge Daniells .is a native of this S State
and one of the best known young lawyers
of the city. After, his graduation from
the Hastings College of Law he served aa
District Attorney under D. J. Murphy.
He received a large majority at the last
election.'.: :- : '., . ',• . , \
¦."¦•»V*:T a meeting of the Justices of the
¦ J\^ Peace yesterday John. R. Dan
/\\' lells was elected presiding Jus
/ )V tice of the Peace for the ensuing
term, succeeding the Hori:, Percy
V.Lone. ¦ :>¦,¦ "¦' '<• ?'•¦' ¦¦'¦ •
Supervisors Take Action
Regarding Carnegie
Offer.
Board of Works Ignores
Ordinance Passed by
Supervisors.;^ y
A meeting of the board of directors of
the Republican Primary League was held
last night at headquarters, 930 Market
street. . Eight - of the eleven members of
the directory attended. P. Wood
ward, president, presided. The, board de
cided to issue ten thousand membership
certificates. Communications r-were re
ceived asking the league to Join interior
organizations .created to promote the
cause of good government. It was decided
to defer action in this respect. The direc
tors voted to maintain headquarters for
the ensuing year and to determine later
on as to the advisability of engaging in
the State campaign. . .
A' committee reported the violation of
the purity of election laws In the recent
primary election for delegates to the mu
nicipal convention, and the subject may
be brought to the attention of the courts.
Discuss Plans forTuture Action.
Directors Meet at Headquarters and
REPUBLICAN PEIMARY LEAGUE
As the ground was not in all respects de
sirable the State purchased a tract of
land in Sonoma County and moved the
institution ' to its present site. •
LIBRARY SITES
ARE CONSIDERED
UNUSED TRACKS
STILL REMAIN
His Associate Justices of the Peace Choose
Him as the Presiding Judge.
SELECTION OF DANI ELLS
TO THE POST OF HONOR
DEPOSED SUPERINTENDENT
OF HOME FOR FEEBLE
MINDED CHILDREN..*
MACHINE POLITICIANS
RESORT TO RAW METHODS
Dr. A. E/ Osborne of Feeble-Minded Home
Is Removed, Dr. W. fl. Lawlor Appbinted.
',: ¦¦¦' W ! &e$®«i*B^^^ - ¦
;^rk^ sA^y FitAycisco call, Friday, 1901.
12
Malt Breakfast Food Is a scientific com-
bination of the best barley malt and the
finest wheat, and Is rich; in malt, gluten
end phosphates. As a health giver. Malt
Breakfast Food far surpasses all the ordi-
nary cereal foods. A trial of one package
•will convince you of its superiority. The
best grocers sell it.
An enjoyable and healthy breakfast Is
always assured when, your flrst dish Is
Malt Breakfast Food.
All the Strength of Wheat
All the Virtues of Malt
Halt Breakfast Food
AS QUOTABLE BREAKFAST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Navajo Blankets and Indian
. Largest assortment and lowest prices at
H.' E. Skinner Co.'s. 1 416 Market street.. *
Get What You Ask For!
When you ask for Cascarets Candy
Cathartic be sure you get 'them.
Genuine tablets stamped C. C. C.
Never sold in bulk- A substi tutor is
always a cheat and a fraud.- Beware!
All druggists, ioc ',,
. t: Trusts * and icomblnattons • do not affect Jesse
Moore VWhiskey: " Its r fame', is" established, its
quality \ is the finest' and 11 is: always the ¦ best. •„
¦ \^.- : '' :/J.-%.~,\..:/ ¦:!¦¦... ':*.'. : 'VVv '¦— ; .-c w ; "\ ¦ ; . "^,-...:;-'. ' : ,. v >-'ADVEBTiSEMiaTTS;./ ¦ '-¦:¦¦'_¦ ' . - ¦ r • "' • " ¦-"" — — — —
"THERE'LL BE A HOT Tllf |^}^
"ih^iti^^^A illif ¦ v I o-Day and To-Morrow —
Eii^jI'IMi^t^^i-Ji^ One of the Biggest Sales of High-Class a^ s rs s su u se i-
I JT^M f '^Y\!-!^!i:i:(:> Clothing that has ever been y° w^^W^m% x so TthS " to
¥\i /Hi' '¦¦(% S'i $« BARGAINS WITH A Rift "OHAIiLRIJLE Ww SFECIAL -
" ; li V :iWmt'' /w. Smw~'''d4£w^^il ' JL/IlllUrLiliL) VV 1 1 1 III DILI u UllllJJJJltUJUU wip fhA f\fk
•> l \ llT.^^fHR 1 ' Jbd'ltl =¦ Utes/dnd blacks-sidis that "are (P 7 /Jf| W& Yoflr Choke
1 t™lii fiS^Mi Pi i strangers to this price. For this great M | jJU J^mT% of over 200 of
\f-^ l^^^^^^iW^^-^^^ th& priCe S17ial ' th& VallC6S U *> WUlUU a/W vests ' Mothers.
I^%^^^^^^X^m^^^^^^^^'^^^^9^^ WOrth $15 to $18. Your choice • > '. ? S B here's values up
W^S^^^SBL T^ '¦ja&^w&\Pt °f 1B0 ° Vdirs of -fine all-worsted ,*/*-*,. 4L=, ' QQ
»^^^^^^^^ JSSW^' '"'- trousers, handsome stripes, worth $o W*M 7k S# #^"'30
tA^pnH^I^^ YOURXfiOICE'"''''""'"""'''' . ' /f^^lB^u
IWifflMivWii I"— ;¦ Hlli^ilVllii^ WSSMilll of the sivellest colorings, the neiv shades, dashed {•] M hlA T °P Coats, in
IH'IBwMi ¦ iilllf ¦ ''J^HI ' . with bits of green, and aU those hidh JL.g* _ A :" Wj English tan
'''WIPW h' MmWMr^WM colorings, suits that ca,i'toe equaled Q10 Cfi \^ ' ' £/ "oJrts te the
; ;^^^ = Q ====:5::^. . An Opportunity Seldom Offered.
/^W\ T!5ffl«r w& 7fl PF1HTNT P '* CO "" T
/TPVr piSSl «$^§!H ' WLn 1 forca^h
I Iw^i Jliia^M^ HHi fr On Our EIesant Assortment of
f-JI-ijj|y ij^^f (I ||? IV Bedroom Suits, Chiffoniers,
R~^3i$Egff .£ *// t k jygS^Jj] Combination. Desks, Extension
PT^Kfp—^^^--^^gS^i" TAbles,- Sideboards, China Clos-
; llSffiWS^^]^ 1 ™!™^^ cts, Folding, Beds, Etc.
W§iiiB5 ?s|^ filf This 20 Per Cent Discount
•- *M Is oft our regular prices, which' are
/cflO vSclTK==?=£k «SVii* b'CliW; lower than prices of others in our lines.
.wllSiiiSi^iii This Sale ¦ • . ;.
-. cooyrioS); vf^5j" ~1* ¦'' Is only for a. short, time, so come
_ ,"_ \" _!¦ ¦ t^-* early and take advantage of this op-
Tel. South 371/ portunity to buy bargains.
?HE KRAGEN Furniture Co,,
ISJS-iqy-: Street, apposite Taylor. '^
cold c ]i|iy- > $5°° ]
THIS OFFER
Holfie ffoexl until September 1st only i
Similar reductions in other glasses.
All goods are guaranteed satisfactory
or -will return money. >
„ E. MAXWELL, I
Refracting Optician, I
Room 42, Sixth Floor, Academy of I
Bclencee Bids-; 819 MARKET ST.
TAKE THE ELEVATOR. _ I