THOSE • FROM - WHOM : 'THE"".
¦'. PRESIDENTIAL, PARTY; HAS V
BEEN FORMED. . ..
Continued on Third Page.
rived at the station early'and : joined Pres
ident McKinley; hr his car for. a' few min
utes - before (the ' departure .of the] train.:
Secretary " Root,*.- with -j his . daughter, 1 *. was
also one of those who came to say.' good
by to the" other J, members fof/ the Cabinet.'
Admiral Melville' joined' the'eompany. arid
accompanied-, the- Presidential '.'party, out
of the city, and' as' far .as CharlottesvilleY
va. „._,.; ;;. .;';_ :.".""^'',y"r'.~l\ i.' ... ;
- Before 10 o'clock;the crowds had- over-;
flowed from the and ¦ were begin- ;
ning. to fill .; the? surrounding,, streets, but'
still .the .'President'-.-had ? not -come. , The
train ,was" full, of -people, " cabinet officers,
clerks;, 'stenographers;. , r secretaries, • :all
: around to make themselves com-,
fortable : in the coaches that will be their
home for seven weeksrto come,- and finally,
when McKinley did arrive, every one was
settled and ready to meet him and assist
in; the greeting awaiting him. ' .
The President Comes.
It came, first from .the. outside, for as
the President's carriage swung into sight
a- mighty "cheer went up from, the people
in the street that was taken up . by, those
in the station and -repeated ; until it shook
the. : roof .above. ¦. Washington is. used." to
theTcoming and; going .of the President,'
end it is seldom- that' his arrival of de
parture causes i more than I a ' remark, but;
never has there>been such a;demonstra
tion to a departing executive" as awaited
McKinley ~at the* Pennsylvania/ station this
asrunexpeeted as itiwas
¦ spontaneous, and that proof of good
feeling and well wishing speeding him on
his 'way*, the trip" cbiild not have been:
begun uhderj better, auspices. • With the
best"; engineer . of? the , Southern Railway,"
Frank Larmond, with his' hand on the
¦ throttle , of .the best- engine,- No. iXiO./and
in charge of the most experienced conduc
tor; in ;the service. ; W. W. Albright; with
Vne station to/ the platform of the train.
Senator Hanna, accompanied; by; his- wife
and daughter, were . notable figures as
they moved through the erowd, the Sena-;
tor. being obliged to doff his hat and bow
repeatedly in response to the applause
and cheers.
The towering form of the ever faithful
Major ; General Corbin, adjutant general
of- the army, who is r always conspicuous
in attendance upon the departure 'or ,the
arrival of the President in.- Washington,
moved through the crowd, which gave
him a round of applause. JusticeE.and
Mrs. McKenna and {heir daughter, Miss
Hildegarde McKenha.were prominent fig
ures in the party o£ society people who
came to- bid farewell to "the members of
the. Cabinet arid , their wives, as Wei', aa
to the President and . Mrs. McKinley.
.Henry TV Scott and his nephew, Laurence
Scctt, who are accompanying; the* Presi
dent, on his .trip, were the; center- of a
group of friends, -with whom they .-" dis
cussed the coming' journey arid the great
reception' awaiting the President at San
Francisco. ':
. Secretary Gage, .who, with ; Secretary
Root,* will ' not * accompany, the . party, ar- |
As each familiar figure came through
the growing crowd there were comments
and greetings, and sometimes so~mething"
akin to a demonstration, for such a gath
ering of notables does not often leave on
a single train, even in Washington.
Cabinet Officers Arrive.
Most of the Cabinet oflicers as they ar
rived at the depot were accompanied by
members of their families, who came to
bid them good-by. Secretary Cortelyou
was early on hand, and ushered, the
guests to their apartments in the train. >
Among the first arrivals was Secretary,
Hay, who drove up in a wagonette. He
was accompanied by his wife and daugh
ter and his son, Adelbert Hay.' The party
was greeted quite warmly; by the>waiting
crowd, and there was some cheering. ¦
One by one the carriages the Cabinet 1
officials drove up to the station and dis
charged their occupants.- The passage .of
each party from the doorway to the train
was the signal for applause, from the
crowd. As the minutes passed enthusi
asm rose and cheers grew more. and more
hearty. The great throng which filled the
station, and through which a lane ' was
made for the Presidential party, to: pass,"
greeted also with .'cheers various; distin
guished men who had come to bid; the
President good-by. Lieutenant .General
Miles, handsome and soldierly of bearing,
attracted great attention and drew forth
enthusiastic cheers as he * came through'
the finest cars that money and akill and
taste could' produce; with ten thousand
miles of; open track before him, and his
train ; given way over everything on the
road; with millions of people waiting to
see him and to cheer him*; with thousands
of * miles of broad prairie, ! of wooded
mountains, scarred ' and snow-capped
peaks, green and fertile valleys and the
.surf-beaten sands of the Pacific for him
"to see," and the unrestrained enthusiasm
of a /people usually undemonstrative,
swirling round his head and following on
with him on his journey, it was no wonder
Jhe President felt satisfied and that all
things augured well. - . - < •¦
At Charlottesville.
. r It was time to start when the President
boarded the train. His flag buttered from
the engine, the train men were at. their
posts, every > one who was going was on
board arid - McKinley' s word that he was
ready, was all that .was Iackini. He kept
no one waiting, and within a minute after
he was on board the train commenced to
move from' the depot. As it did "so a mighty
shout went'' up from inside the station
building 1 and- from the' thousands that
filled . the • surrounding streets, and in a
whirl of dust and a great wave of enthu
siasm the President's special started on
its long journey into- the West.
-CHARLOTTESVILLE, , Va., April 23.—
The Presidential train with a tiny flag on
the pilot of- the engine denoting that the
Chief; Magistrate' of : the nation was. on'
BY C. C. CARLTON.
WASHINGTON*. D. C. April
29.— With the cheers of ten
thousand people ringing in
his ears, the President
started on his westward
¦;-.: tour this morning. -The
derot was thronged by a crowd eager to
see and to bid him good-by and godspeed,
and ih<> people gathered about him when
he stuped from his carriage until' he could
hardly force his way through them to
the status of his car. ¦ • .......
}i« reached the station, but a few mo
ments before the scheduled time for the
start. Every one else was already on the
train and it was only waiting for the
President and his immediate party. A
number of friends drove down to the sta
tion to bee th»» President away -on his
Journey and they joined the people'surg
ing around the train and lent their own
farewells to those of the crowd. ..•
Mrs. McKinley was escorted to the cars
by Dr. Rixey. upon whose arm she leaned
cis the President made his way from the
<_arriage to the train.
As soon as they were on board McKiri-
Iey stepped out on the rear platform,
while Mrs. McKinley took her scat at one
of the windows, and as the train drew
slowly out the President and his wife
bowed their acknowledgments to the
enthusiastic cheers and hat wavings that
testified to the esteem cf the people.
The train wait scheduled for a start at
30:20 o'clock. The cars had been brought
out from the Pullman s'hops where they
had been refitted and refurnished for the
trip, and had been standing on a siding
i:i the train yards. When they were rolled
into the station building there was already
quite a crowd of people who, determined
to miss none of the going away, had come
early to see everything that happened.
Ko one was allowed to enter the train ex
cept those of the Presidential party and
their friends, and some of these gained
entrance to the Olympia, the President's
private car, acd decorated the rooms with
flowers. Roses and smilax and violets"
transformed the little apartments into
veritable bowers, and the scent .of the
blossoms flavored the air with a touch of
spring. And th-^n the other cars were deco
rated until the train resembled a flower
garden. :
About a half hour before the start
the members of the party began to arrive.
They came in ones and twos and throes,
with secretaries and porters and coach
men and baggagemen, -with trunks and
parcels and hampers and valises, for. al
though everything possible had been done
to have the property of the party safely
en board in good time before the start,
etill late baggage is proof against, any
rule, and traveling without handtatchels
Is oat of the question.
ooarfl arrived at Charlottesvllle on'
schedule time. The run from Washing
ton was made without incident. A brief
stop was made at Alexandria. A big
crowd had assembled at the station and
the President and Mrs. McKinley ¦ ap
peared on the T>latform to make salutes.
Speeding- through Virginia to this town,
I famous as the seat of the University of
Virginia. and the home of Jefferson, peo
"ple -gathered at every town, .village and
cross , roads to see the train go bv. At
Manassas, Culpepper and Orange the
-drowds Were ' especially large. As the
train approached Charlottesville the
party had a glimpse of the old home of
! President Madison '. at MontDelier. The
I pillars of the old mansion, were plainly
discernible through the trees. At Char
lottesville there was an immense as
semblage at the station. The stu
dents lined up alongside the »ralri and
gave the President three rousing cheers
and a tiger when he made his appearance.
From .the platform of his car the Presi
dent spoke as follows: -.. •. --:*"".
'.."It. gives me very. great. pleasure to re
ceive the greeting- of the people of* Char
lottesville and the cheers of the young
men of the University of Virginia. (Ap
plause.) Your institution la linked with
great men and great deeds and has in
fluenced both.'.- (Applause.) What an ar
ray of immortal names Virginia holds in
her keeping- to demind us of lofty patriot
ism, broad statesmanship and noble
achievements. (Applause.) To no other
State of the American Union belongs such
history to preserve- and cherish and such
examples to inspire and emulate. (Great
applause.) May the young men of the
State of Virginia prove worthy sons of
their noble ancestors and contribute in
the future as they did in the past to the
well being and honor and glory of the
republic. (Great applause.) Let me as
sure you, young gentlemen, that the
present and the future hold rich rewards
for good scholars "and 1 the wish which I
leave with you is that of these you may.
have your full share." (Prolonged ap
plause.) .
There were calls for Secretary Hay, but
his only response was to introduce Post
master General Smith, Who spoke briefly.
In the city of Lynchburg; the home of
Senator Daniel, there was a stop of ten
minutes. Senator Daniel, Mayor G. W.
Smith, members of the Board of Trade
and City Council and : a great crowd
greeted the party with old-fashioned Vir
ginia-enthusiasm. Senator Daniel mads
a brief speech of welcome to which the
President' responded.
At : Iiynchburgv
" LTNCHBURG, Va.. April 29.-The big
gest and noisiest demonstration of the day
occurrcd * at Lynchburg. -Thousands of
people were at the station and bands
FLOWERS DECK THE STATEROOMS IN
McKINLEY'S PRIVATE CAR.
ENTHUSIASTIC MULTITUDE THRONGS
THE RAILROAD STATION.
CHEERS AND GOOD WISHES SPEED McKILEY
ON HIS JOURNEY TO THE WESTERN STATES
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRII^C^ 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 151.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.who will be on his way to Manila,
there to establish himself as resident
partne.r of the new law firm of Pillsbury
& Sutro. .-;¦¦ "
• Mr. Sutro has been 1 practicing law in
San | Fra ncisco for -some years. During
the last campaign he made. his first ap
pearance as a candidate and by a vigor
ous campaign he beat Henry C. Dibble,
one of the strongest candidates for the
Assembly from any of the city districts.
His record in. the Legislature was clean
and creditable, and he returned to his dis
trict with every prospect of being offered
further honors.
In the new firm he will be associated
with.. E. .S. Pillsbury. It has for some
time been the purpose of Mr. Pillsbury to
establish a branch of his business In Ma
nila, and when Mr. Sutro was offered and
had accepted the- position of resident part
ner there, the firm was formed at once.
Mr. Pillsbury represents clients who are
seeking investment wherever possible, and
it is more than probable that Mr. Sutro
will soon be entrusted with the large
business interests which the i firm will
care for.
If the climate will permit him, Mr. Sutro
will remain in the Philippines , for six
years at least. He hopes in that time to
be able, to establish the firm on q. solid
footing and to have earned a rest.' ; ,
Next Friday He Will Sail on the Nippon
Maru to Establish the Legal Firm of
Pillsbury & Sutro in the Philippine Islands
NEXT. Friday, when the Nippon
Maru sails for the Orient she will
have among her passengers Oscar
Sutro, well known in this city,
OSCAR SUTRO TO SEEK
FORTUNE IN MANILA
Jury Being Sworn In at Suisun to
Try the Davis ville Wife
; . 'Slayer. /
SUISUN, Arorll 29.— The trial of J. A.
Woodman for the murder of his wife at
Davisville was begun in the Superior
Court here to-day. Much difficulty is ex
perienced in obtaining a jury. When court
adjourned this afternoon but nine jurors
had been selected. The regular venire la
about exhausted and It is believed that a
special venire will have to be summoned
before the. jury is completed.
The questions. asked. by Woodman's at
torneys in the examination of talesmen
Indicate that: temporary, insanity will be
pleaded in his defense. •
TEMPORARY INSANITY
WOODMAN'S DEFENSE
FAIR DAUGHTERS OF CALIFORNIA WHO HAVE BEEN ELECTED TO
REPRESENT RIO VISTA AND GRASS VALLEY IN' QUEEN EDITH'S
COURT AT SACRAMENTO.
If' You Have Dyspepsia
Send nomoaey.but writs IJi-.tSnoop.RacSne.WU.,
borlZT.for fix bottles of - Dr. Snoop's Restorative;
exprew paid. U cured,pay J5.6»-U not.lt l» free*
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. April 29.-
Captain J. B. Coghlan called on. Secretary
of the Navy John D. Long here to-day
and requested that he be not aslgned to
the Marc Island navy yard. The captain
is troubled with pleurisy and is afraid
the low altitude will be prejudicial to his
health. In one year more he has the
privilege of retiring as a rear admiral on
half pay.
Coghlan Afraid of Mare Island.
SAN DIEGO. April 29.— Alexander " H.
Ferguson, formerly a; prominent resident
of Rochester, r N. Y/.-was 'to-day com
mitted to the State Hospital at Highlands
for insanity. ¦ ¦ Ferguson ¦ has maderhis
home-on Coronado Beach for the past two
years. ¦¦::•.'. :--¦>'¦ ".-..•»_• • —.-.,---...
¦•z-rrr- -¦ - ••¦ , ¦ ¦ ">
Sent', to Highlands Asylum.
BOSTON, April 23.— Harvey Barker of
Brockton was given the decision to-night
over Ernest Roeber. the Graeco-Roman
wrestler. This decision . had' to be given
because Roeber refused to continue wrest,
ling at the end of the first hour, claiming
that an hour was. the limit for a bout if
no fall was got in a shorter. time. '¦
Barker and Roeber Wrestle.
It was announced to-day by the Cana
.dian Pacific Railway that the* passenger
fare of the. company's boats to Skaguay
from Seattle and. Victoria would be: First
class, $10' second class, $5.
•SEATTLE, April 29.— Heavy slashing is
the order in the Alaska steamship rata
war. Fares, first - and second class," to
Lynn canal are cut mere than 100 per cent
First-class tickets fc.re selling for $10 and
second-class for $5. A week ago the rate3
were $25 and $16. The Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company led off with the broadside
cut, followed almost immediately by the
Washington and Alaska Steamship Com
pany. The Alaska Steamship Company
met the cuts to-day. Corresponding re
ductions in freight rates are, quoted.
VICTORIA, B.. C, April 29.— Northern
passenger rates have taken the expected
tumble in Vancouver. The steamer Amur,
sailing for Skaguay on Thursday, will
have a long passenger list, tickets being
sold to-day for $6 first class and $5 second
class. Freight rates remain practically
unchanged. " .
Passengers for Six
. Dollars.
Steamer Amur Carries First-Class
RATES TO SKAGUAY . 7
TAKE A TUMBLE
/WASHINGTON, April 29.— The follow
ing Calif ornians are ; in Washington : v.- ; St.
James— N.-Muller, ' ¦ Emeret • Brand, ; San
Francisco; S. x G. Narshall, Los Angeles.
At-.the - Metropolitan— K. H. : Colby, San
Francisco. > At • the' Arlington— G. -Calm,
San Francisco. IMss&B&BtBS&k - " ¦
LOS ANGELES, April 29.— Twelve hun
dred men are at .work on the coast line
division of the Southern Pacific and when
the through trains are . again put on < this
line it will be one of the most thoroughly
built and equipped stretches in the State.
The men are putting down eighty-pound
steel over 'the entire distance and the
roadbed will be rock ballast. The curves
arp: being straightened. •
:••!• ¦¦:¦-¦. ~: » -¦
CALIFORNTANS IN WASHINGTON
Thoroughly Constructed in
the State. Y
Coast Lima Will Be Made. tho Most
TWELVE HUNDRED MEN
ABE IiAYINQ NEW RATT.S
LOS ANGEIiES, April 29.— The legal de
partment of the San Pedro, Los Angeles
and Salt Lake Railroad was advised to
day of the injunction secured by the Ore
gon Short Line, restraining the Clark
forces from interfering with the Short
Line on the disputed Uvadagrades. Or
ders were Immediately issued directing
the Clark force3 to respect the court and
fall back. . . . ' . . ¦ . ¦
The granting of the injunction has
caused considerable criticism, as it : Is
stated the Clark people endeavored re
cently to obtain a similar injunction and
were denied it The advices received here
state that the Short Line was obliged to
deposit a $25,000 Indemnity bond, which
will be forfeited if the Salt Lake road
finally wins. " *-•;;,
Railway Graders Ordered Not to In
terfere With the Oregon*
Short Line. '-.. . .'>/';
CLARK FORCES WILL
| RESPECT ! INJTTNCTION
' LONDON.-Aprll 29.— The first step in the
direction of -the consolidation of some of
the (biggest -trans- Atlantic shipping inter
ests,has been ¦ accomplished . by the\pur
chaso >y J.'Pierpont Morgan & Co. o* the
Leyjaod Line, of steamers. :A.vdeposit on
the purchase price has been paid. The of
ficials of the Leyland Line, in confirming
the sale, told a representative of the As
sociated Press that an official statement
will be issued from the head office of the
line at Liverpool to-morrow. It is un
derstood that the shareholders of the com
pany ( will ! receive £14 10s for each
£10 share. The Leyland Line, whose
fleet will thus pass* into the control of
Americans, is one of Great Britain s great
est shipping institutions, far exceeding the
Peninsular and Oriental Steam Naviga
tion Company in tonnage and importance.
Atlahtic Shipping Interests Is
; .//Contemplated. >
Consolidation of the , Largest Trans-
AMERICANS PURCHASE! '
', ' ENGUSH ' STEAMER . LINE
Shortly after the conference was called
to order. Mrs.iW.B. Browning, an ardent
follower of the Figgs, took the center of
the stage and urged Rev. I. Kemp, the
resident pastor,: to repent of : his sins
while there was yet time. As for her
husband, 'Mrs. Browning declared that. he
had transgressed beyond hope of redemp
tion" and 1 was too old to repent. She also
indulged in lamentations / for her neigh
bors, until Dr. Jennings, the venerable
presiding elder of the Omaha conference,
ledher from, the room. . In an apparent
abandon of and - zeal, " Mrs.
Browning untied her horse and rode from
the town . singing Flgglte \ hymns , at the
top of her; voice. - She was accompanied
by several less ardent followers ; of the
Figgs. : '¦'¦'¦'¦ * ¦- ¦'¦''¦'*¦ •
Mr. Browning -will at one* bring pro
ceedings against his wife before the
Board of Insanity Cdmmissioners, She
served- a term in", jail . four 'years • agp for
disturbing a meeting .at. Spring Cove,
Nebr.;- ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦¦--¦• "¦ ' ¦ ¦"¦¦¦•- ¦'- .
OMAHA, Nebr.; April 29.— Another dem
onstration: has-been made; at . Gretna,'
Nebr., by the Figgites, the religious zeal
ots, whose leaders were taxied and feath
ered; by a. mob of farmers several months
agor\ Following 'the; .violence the- ; colony
fled td an island in" the Missouri 'lRiver\off
Bellevue and has since been- campara
tively quiescent. ;The Methodist confer
ence now being held in Gretna, however,
led -a number of the faith to revisit their
home town. ".-'•"• ¦
Nebraska Woman Creates a Sensa-
tion at a. Methodist Con
: f erencel •
CBAZEDBY TEACHINGS
OF THE FIGGITES
The track was fast. Not less than 25,000
persons saw His Eminence in the classic
event, for every place of vantage around
the grand stand fo. which humanity could
cling was utilized. In the' betting ring
there was a jostling, surging crowd, and
the eighteen books did a' rushing business.
Alard Scheck, by ,hls work-out Friday,
was favorite, and when. the odds of. 7 to 10
were first chalked up money came in.at
such a lively rate that- the books, could
not handle it. But it, is doubtful if all
the books auit winner on the race,. for
leads of money went in on His Eminence
at 5 to 2. The contingent from the Blue
Grass section of the State came down
prepared to back San Nazarro, and they
put their money up In goodly quantities.
On the second attempt the' horses got
away on even terms. Down the stretch
they came toward the grand stand and a
length did not separate the five colts, with
His Eminence In front, Driscoll second,
Alard Scheck ; third, San Nazarro fourth
and Amur last. When they. straightened
out on the back stretch Wingfield" was
hugging the rail, still a length in the
lead; Alard Scheck had moved up to sec
ond Dlace and was a half length in front
of Amur, who was about the same dis
tance from San Nazarro and Driscoll,
who were moving down the back stretch
on even terms. As they reached -the
three-quarter pole Jockey -Woods loos
ened his rein and i called on the Schorr
entry to overtake His Eminence, but the
Memphis horse was not equal to it," for
little by little he fell back, and as they
entered the stretch San Nazarro had
moved up into second place, followed by
Driscoll, and AJard Scheck was left to
fight It out with Amur.' "His Eminence!"
was the Joyous shout that went up from
thousands when the Falsetto reached the
seven-eighths pole, running with long,
even strides. San Nazarro made the final
effort, but it was of no avail, for His
Eminence was under the wire a length
to the good, with San Nazarro half a
length In front of Driscoll,. Amur fourth
and a length away, with Alard Scheck,
the favorite, last by three lengths. Sum
mary: . ¦ ' • "'¦.¦\i:
Five and a half furlongs— The Rush won.
The Lady in Blue second, Mosketo third.
Time. l:06Vfc... . . - ¦ ¦
Kcur f urlongB— Endurance by ¦ Right won.
Miss Thcmey Second, Scortic third. Time, :49.
One mile — Espionage won. Chorus Boy sec
ond, Mr. Phlnsy third. Time, 1:4L
The Kentucky Derby, $6000, of which $700 to
eecond and $300 to third, one mile and a quar
ter—His Eminence 117 (Winkfield), 2«/4 to -1,
won; San Nazarro (O'Connor), 4 to 1, second;
DrlBColl (Boland), 25 to 1, third. Time, 2:OT%.
• Four furlongs— Eddie Busch won, Red Rook
second. Badger third. Time, :49\i.
Bix furlongs— Velmack won. Locust Blossom
second, Northumberia third. Time, 1:15H- . ¦
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 29.— The twen
ty-seventh Kentucky Derby has passed
into history and not one of the 25,000 per
sons that saw it can cay anything except
that it was a race from the drop, of the
flag until His Eminence, the son of Fal
setto, Dassed under the. wire *a winner in
the good time of 2:07%. .
Classic Kentucky Event
Is Witnessed by
Thousands.
HIS EMINENCE
LANDS DERBY
work is rapidly being hurried to
completion. The "buildings of the midway,
including the grandstand and the queen's
throne, are practically all" in place, al
though the finishing, touches have not yet
been put on. The city Board of Trustees
at a meeting held this afternoon resolved
to increase the force of patrolmen -and to
employ a couple of detectives now on the
San Francisco force for services during
ACRAMENTO, April 29.— The
<CT heavy rainfall of yesterday and
last night did no harm to the
street fair, structures and the
Scedal Dispatch to The Call.
The decision reviews. the casV at length.'
The court finds that while the, worries. 'of
life. had undoubtedly had its effect upon
the mentality of Frank P.. Wickersham,
it 'had not been shown that it had ren-
dered him incompetent. In the opinion of
the court, when . he signed the " famous
agreement he knew that he was disposing
of all interest in both his father's and
¦?J?!£? r ''! *? tates - The consideration of
$23,000, taBing into account the $88,000
Frank P. Wickersham had previously re
ceived from his father and receipted for
as an advance on his share of the prop
erty, the court, showed, equaled in value
all he had a right to expect and
if interest were figured in would amount
to about $150,000. There were four heirs
and ' the two estates have been found to
approximate $600,000 in value.
The court, in closing, calls the instiga
tion of the contest as one of the most ill
advised actions that ever came under his
observation. <> •
SANTA ROSA, April 29.— In a . lengthy
and' exhaustive opinion filed here to-day
and read -in open; court * shortly " before,
noon, Judge Albert G. Burnett ¦decided
that Cora L. Wickersham of Fresno arid
her son. I. G. Wickersham Jr., no
standing, in court in the -famous contest
recently Instigated . against the estate of
Lydia C. and I. -G. Wickersham,
ceased, and that the agreement entered
into by Frank 'A. - Wickersham. whereby
he sold his entire right; "title -and interest
in the big estate for $28,000, .must stand. '
Judge Burnett V Decides
Against Mrs. ' Cora .
Wicker sham. • .
LOSES CONTEST
FOR A FORTUNE
be headed by a platoon of police and there
will be four brass bands in the parade.
Each division will be- led by a\ marshal
and aids, and every, man in line will be
uniformed. More than a dozen floats Il
lustrative of various trades will be in
line. Louis Reeber. Assemblyman from
this district, will De the grand marshal
of the parade. . • . '¦."..,.
The May queen and. her maids of honor
will pay homage to the day by. holding
a special levee on the throne, along which
the great procession will pass. Among
the maids of honor who have just been
chosen to represent Sacramento Valley
towns in the queen's court are Miss Car
rie Thomas of Rio Vista and Miss Mamie
L. Purcell of Grass Valley. - ; -j ,'\
VIENNA. April 23.— Information has
been received from a trustworthy source
to the effect that the Chinese indemnity
loan will be floated In America. Russia
is to, guarantee tha loan. My informant
further Rtat*s that the journey of Frank
Vanderlip, formerly Assistant Secretary
of the . United Statts Treasury, to St.
Petersburg and to Berlin is in connection
with this matter.
by Russia and Floated in
America.
Report That It Will Be Guaranteed
VIENNA, April 29.-A dispatch to the
Xeue Frle Presse from Bucharest says
Can-all, one of the largest ship 'owners
and grain exporters at Rerelai. has com
mitted suicide by shooting himself His
alleged liabilities are 5,000,000 francs The
affair caused great excitement at Bucha
rest and Berelai, which is the principal
port of Roumarla.
CHINESE INDEMNITY LOAN.
Exporter.
Great Excitement at Bucharest Over
the Suicide of a Large Grain
LNDS ALL HIS TROUBLES';-*
BY SHOOTING HIMSELF
SEATTLE, April 29.— The steamships
Nome City and Jeanle sailed for Nome
this afternoon. Nearly 160 passengers
went north, many of them being promi
nent mine owners in the Home district
This is the first departure for the north
this year and it is expected that the ves
sels will reach their destination not later
than May 20.
With a Hundred and Sixty
Passengers.
Two Steamers Sail From Seattle
The Mayor's course is supposed to have
been influenced by recent newspaper agi
tation 1 .
SPRING EXODUS TO
NOME COMMENCES
"Oraaha will be a New England village
next Sunday. I propose to put the city
on a Puritanic basis. There' seems to be
a sentiment here in favor of a closed
town, and I intend to give Omaha people
a taste of that sort of thing. Most of the
saloons were shut tight yesterday, and
next Sunday there will be no newsboys
offering papers in the streets; all thea
ters will close. There will be no baseball
games. Cigar stores and drug stores will
be shut up tight. Everything but hotels
and eating houses will be compelled to
close, and no liquor will be sold any
where." -.'--.
OMAHA. April 29.— Mayor Moores to
day made the following statement:
Houses Must Close on
Sunday.
All Business But Hotels and Eating
WELL PUT OMAHA
ON PURITANIC BASIS
Sanderson was standing in the middle
Of the track and his body was almost cut
in twain. Six heavily laden cars passed
over it. Sanderson resided at Needles.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 23.— J. H.
Sandtrson, a Santa Fe freight brakeman,
was hurled to almost instant death in the
yards at Barstow, shortly after 1 o'clock
this morning, and the conductor on the
train escaped the same fate by a hair*s
breadth. The two had run on "to the sid
ing to allow the westbound overland to
pass. While the two men were standing
on the track, several freight cars that
v.tre being switched, backed toward them.
Because of the roar of the approaching
Iiasseiiger train they did not hear the
approach of the freight cars and the fore
most one struck them. The conductor
was knocked several feet to the side of
the track. He sustained painful but not
serious injuries.
Barstow.
J. H. Sanderson Loses His Life in the
Santa Fe Yards at
SAX BERNARDIXO, April 29.— From
the public schools at Ontario, thence to a
cell in the San Bernardino County Jail
and later to the Whittier Reform School,
all within a week, is likely to be the novel
experience of ' 'Willie Fuller, aged 13;
Charlie Stover, aged 14; Eddie Bristol,
aged 17, and Everett Swanton, aged 15.
All are of , prominent families of North
Ontario. Last Thursday at noon the
quartet cast their school books aside and
decided to strike outfor San Diego, where
they expected to join the navy. Not
having money for expenses, they appro
priated a horse and buggy from a rancher
named Corker. They started without the
knowledge of friends or relatives and
their sudden disappearance stirred up the
entire town. On Saturday, however,
their theft became known and officers in
surrounding towns .were notified.
The boys were apprehended yesterday
seventeen miles southeast of Santa Ana,
traveling rapidly toward San Diego with
the stolen property. Sheriff Lacy made
the arrest and notified Constable Murphy
of Ontario, who brought his youthful
prisoners to jail here to-night pending pre
liminary examination. All four young
sters expressed a desire to be committed
to the Whittier Reform School and their
request will be granted.
BRAKT1TVTAN RUN DOWN
BY SWITCHING CABS
GENTLY-BEARED BOYS
TO ENTER REFORMATORY
Four North. Ontario Youngsters
Arrested for Stealing a
Horse.
Shasta County Man Conies Into Con
• tact With a Revolving
Blade.
GRASS VALLEY. April 29.— Joseph R.
Marshall, who operates a small sawmill
at New Town, had his left breast . ripped
open to-day by being thrown upon the
revolving saw blade. The flesh was torn
clean from the ribs, rendering the pulsa
tion of the heart visible. The sleevo of
Marshall's shirt got tangled in the cog
wheel, drawing him violently against the
saw. In the frantic effort to extricate
himself he wrenched his right arm. He
was brought to town and his lacerated
•breast was stitched by a surgeon.
WOUND FROM A SAW
EXPOSES HIS HEART
The Indians came down to Naas while
the Tees was there and left again the
next day with the Methodist missionary,
who would make a complete examination.
The Indians said the derelict came float-
Ins into Reynolds Inlet. The stumps of
her masts were standing only a few feet
above the decks and her houses had been
almcst completely washed overboard.
Several miles away Indian fishermen were
reported to have found bodies of one of
the supposed officers of the ship and an
other man and much wreckage
washed up.
The ship had evidently but recently been
in a storm, for some of her gear was still
hang-ing- over the side, a fact which is
probably rather against connecting her
with the Andrada. If she is not the
latter vessel she must have been a
coasting ship, for unless she was caught
Sn the storm within a hundred miles of
the west coast of Vancouver or the
Queen Charlotte Islands, she would cer
tainly have been driven south by the cur
rents and . would go farther away from
the Alaskan ccasst all the time.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 29.-The
wreck of what is supposed to be the ship
Andrada, which disappeared from the
mouth of the Columbia River more than
four months ago, has been found lying off
a bay in the Queen Charlotte Islands. In
dians reported the floating In of the
strange vessel to Captain Gunns of the
steamer Tees, which arrived here to-day.
Some of the Indians said she was a
wooden ship, while others were equally
sure that she was iron. The fact that
they could not tell her name shows that
they were uncertain as to her build, but
from the general description given the
officers of the Tees, It is not impossible
that she is the missing boat from the Co
lumbia River bar.
Ej>eeiaJ Dispatch to The Call.
Indians Find the Bodies of
Two of Her Crew on
. the Beach,
Derelict May Prove to Be
the Long Missing
Andrada.
WRECKED SHIP
FLOATS ASHORE
"It Is with great reluctance that the
court pronounces judgment upon you, not
only from the fact that you are a woman,
but that you are the mother of a child
upon whose head the effect of your crime
and Imprisonment will rest heavily
through all his life. With a knowledge
of these facts, it i3 only a sense of duty,
theref ore — a duty that all courts owe to
society, a duty that the law enjoins— that
Impels me -to Inflict upon you the severe
penalty of the law. With the opportun
ity for meditating upon the waywardness
of your past life that you will have, may
you come forth again to liberty with a
determination that by future conduct you
will endeavor to atone for the past"
"The crime with which you aro
charged," said Judge Conklln, "is most
heinous and in atteramlns: to carry it out
you" showed a cool and deliberate' pur
pose. For all your future life, on bended
fcnee, you should thank God that you
were- not required to stand before this
bar an accused murderess, with the blood
of a man upon your hands, who accord
ing, to your own letters was deserving of
the most tender affection from you.
In pronouncing sentence. Judge Conklln
severely rebuked Mrs. Lynch, saying that
either she was possessed of a cruel and
wicked 'disposition or her mind was that
of a degenerate, uncontrolled k by moral
principle of any. kind. Mrs. Lynch took
the excoriation coolly, manifested no emo
tion and walked back to the jail seeming
ly less concerned than, the jailers who
accompanied her. .
SAN DIEGO, April 29,-Mra. Stella
J^ynch, who, on the 19th of last January,
fired two shots at her divorced husband.
James R. Lynch, was sentenced to-day
to two years In San Quentin. This 13 the
full limit of the law for the offense of
which she was convicted — assault with a
deadly weapon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Administers a Scathing Re
. buke to the Would-Be
Murderess.
San Diego Judge Gives
Mrs. Lynch Extreme
Penalty.
SENDS A WOMAN
TO SAN QUENTIN
Thousands of Toilers Will Pass Before the
Throne of the Fair Edith and Her
Court During Sacramento's Street Fair
MAY QUEEN TO REVIEW
A UNION LABOR PARADE
CAPE" TOWN, April 29.— A party of
"Boers blew up the railroad between ; (jas
pan and Belmont, Cape Colony,' in three
; places; April 27. apparently with the : in
tentiqn of intercepting a train, carrying
Cecil Rhodes. The damage* done was
slight and was quickly repaired.
Reports From Kit*chener. ,
, LONDON; April 29.— Lord Kitchener re
ports to the War Office from Pretoria,
under date, of April 'IS. as follows:
"kitchener's fighting scouts under Gren
feH have surprised and captured Van
Ransburg's , laager at Klipdam, north of
Pietersburg. - Seven Boers were killed and
thirty-seven take"n prisoners. Eight thou
sand rounds of . ammunition and all. the
wagons, .carts; • oxen, horses and mules
were captured. .Our only Casualty was
one wounded.--tf
"The other columns report sixty-three
killed, fifty-eight taken prisoners, flfty
seven surrendered and one quick-firer, cap
tured." .¦•;-•¦ ¦ | • ¦' ¦'.'• ¦
Another, dispatch from Lord Kitchener,
dated Pretoria, April 29, says:
. VGeneral Blood has discovered at IJos
senkal; South Africa, republic government
documents and a large number of bank
notes.- Byngr has had a flght with Boers
en the Basutoland harder, south of Wepfc
ter, arid, kilied five."' Grenfell. in addition
to the captures reported, got 28,500 rounds
of, small arms ammunition.
• "At Lyndenburg twenty Boers have sur
rendered.". . .""--.-¦ -
¦.Bermuda Expects Boer Prisoners.
f: HAMILTON, Bermuda, Thursday, April
2q.— There is -considerable excitement at
present in Bermuda over the expected ad
vent of 1500 Boer • prisoners.' The British.
Government has leased . Darrell's Island,
one of the largest islands ;in the- sound
and within a quarter of a mile of the
Warwick shore, for one year, with the
option of relinquishing it on a. month's
notice.' Tucker's Island has also been in
spected, but up to April 24 no definite set
tlement has been made in regard to it. '
The army officials are, as usual, very
reticent, but as the blacksmiths in town
have been sounded as» to their ability to
construct several hundred yards of iron
fenced very strong, close, high and with
spike points, and as the pians which one
or two have seen are said to be the out
line of one of the islands very little doubt
is, entertained as to the object In view by
the Government. • ¦,
Bermudans are not feeling very com
fortable over the matter. The island is
still garrisoned by ihe colored regiment,
the First West Indians, and their behavior
has, been by no means calculated to In
spire theconfldence of the people they are
supposed to guard. It is hoped that a
very strong force of European -soldiers
will be sent with the Boers or matters, It
Is feared, may be as uncomfortable aa
they were recently, at St. Helena.
Attempt to Intercept a
Train Carrying Cecil ;
Rhodes.
Lord Kitchener Reports Series
. ;. of Victories by Pursuing :
¦¦"¦..'>'-; Columns. • •
BOERS BLOW UP
CAPE RAILROAD
i THfe SAN FRANCISCd GALIi, TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1901
fair week, it being the desire of Chief of
Police Sullivan that the thousands of vis
itors who are sure to witness the events
of the week shall bo in danger of neither
confidence men nor pickpockets.- The
Chief last year succeeded in preserving 1
excellent order. '. •:¦¦ ; : ¦ ; ¦"¦':" : ¦
Perhaps the most imposing demonstra
tion of. the street fair week will be/that
of Labor, day,' on May 9,' when several
thousand union men will be in line." -It
is expected that the great Southern Pa
cific shops will cloi-e for at least half. a
day to permit the union, men employed
there to participate. The procession; will
ASSEMBLYMAN- SUTRO, WHO
IS GOING TO THE PHILIP
PINES. "
2
To Cure • a . Cold in - Oxie Day. .-:¦¦ "
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. 23c. .*
- To get' a good, serviceable, long wearing, , stylish suit at a~ saving price is what every
customer wants. No matter how much he cares to pay for the suit, he wants his money's
worthy ¦ . r. : • - - , . . : . • . ., - ! /
;':^^J:As;f6r-the suits themselves, ours are union made, which means that the making is good,
thus insuring serviceable, stylish garments, as union labor is clever, skillful and first class.
¦The union label in every union-made garment is a guarantee of the workmanship, ?-^-i;
As for the saving prices, they are made possible here because you buy 'direct from us
the makers, and all the middlemen's profits are yours. This accounts for our low prices.
It is about time to purchase your spring and summer suit. We can make your buying
easy and profitable to you.
For $10.00 and $12.50 we sh'ow an immense assortment of cheviots,' serges and tweeds
in solid colors and '¦ patterns, representing about everything desired. •
For $15.00 and $17.50 we are showing^a swell line of solid color flannel, ready-to-wear
sack suits with small parallel stripes. The v coats have the new; yffffl&fc
round corner cut, which is now quite popular. The colors are • ' v Er^^iPt
black, blue, brown, gray and olive with green, red, blue or white $
stripes. Of course we have numbers of other materials and pat- \J^S
terns at these prices— in fact we have whatever you want. Every v^^^^Lw
suit is guaranteed with the money-back proposition. . ««^iilyiiiP^^
That Sale of Sailor Suits
We did not intend. to have our sailor sale last over one week,
but it has been so successful that we did not wish to deprive the
late comers of this opportunity of getting the boy a suit for such
The suits are for boys from 3 to 9 years of age, and the mate- EffliifP^iil
rials are cheviots in navy blue, Venetian blue, red and brown with Pt^^^'l^M
embroidered designs as trimmings; serges in above colors except ' pSa %¥$&
the brown, with braid trimmings on collar; cassimeres in neat vvS
small checks; pants well -lined and sewed; price . jS|| gll
v , tpJ5»oO a suit • . fill ' Is
Overalls in blue' or brown, ages 2 to 17, 25c a pair. «F fl
White lawn blouses,, ages 3 to 7, 50c each. J|| i|&.
Boys' straw hats, all colors, 25c. -
See our windows. ' % f ft A //"V^ * .^¦% Out-of<«town or-
They are interest- m,|||i|m/I 1| 10 S? m£\ dCPS SHled ~ wpitc
Ing. . Note qualities ' V~~f /"^L | f || /^} H £j 'B* us * OP anything-In
and prices'. r^"^.j[ ¦'. . -• y. .7*^ ¦ \^y '^ \JJ '' cloth! "6» furnlsh-
W«o-M • ; . -'¦¦ ¦¦«- •/•¦•¦' V^' In fis or hats.
: 718 Market Street."I' wonder' how long 'Unleavened Bread*
will : hold vthe! stage?"--' ;
u." Just as long as there is plenty, of dough
in the box office. "-^Plaln Dealer.
a reception by colored people at the
Southern University. About noon • there
will be a reception by the Louisiana'His
torical Society at the Cabildo,. where the
transfer// of Louisiana Territory took
place, iin what is now the Supreme Court
room, and an • ovation by school children
in' Jackson Square,' "opposite where' the
American flag" was hoisted. The party
will then board the steamboat City of St.
Louis for a view of the harbor, escorted
by. the gunboat, Scorpion, the revenue cut
ter. Stranger and'a large fleet.' The visit
ors wil ; then be escorted to the Southern
Pacific depot, where their train will start
for the West.
Cripple Creek's Key.
* CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., April 29.— A
golden key made from "ores of the Crip
ple Creek camp will be the. district's gift
to President McKinley on his visit to this
city. The whole district, regardless r of
party, will turn ! out, to do. honorito'the
President.' >At a meeting last night Mayor
Crane appointed " a .committee^ to collect
from all of the mines in the camp sylvan
ite, the richest ore found, which will be
smelted and the gold molded into ; a mas
sive key.' • ¦ .-•--¦ - •-:.¦••-¦*•-" • . ';.--.:'¦'
numerous members of the Legislature
state that they will be in El Paso during
the visit of^the Presidential party. The
programme for the reception will be
unique in many respects. The ladies of
the party will be breakfasted at the resi
dence of Don Inocente Ochea", in Juarez,
Monday morning, 'j The breakfast #wiii be
given in the. large patio of tho old resi
dence and the menu will consist of rare
Mexican dishes.
Some members of President Diaz's Cabi
net are expected here to receive the Presi
dent, but it is not yet known who are
coming. _I_^____ _ ¦';
PRESIDENT'S STOP .
, IN NEW ORLEANS
He Will Be Given a Spe-
cial Welcome by the
Colored People of Gity
NEW ORLEANS, April 29.— The pro
gramme for the reception of President Mc-
Kinley and party ¦ is complete. The train
is expected Wednesday afternoon and will,
be met by /a' military and civic ; parade,
which will . escort " the visitors to the St.
Charles : Hotel, where there wlir be a ban
quet'.in the evening.^
.Thursday/morning, : there • will ; be", a , car
riage, ride to 'points of interest, , including
greeted the President with "Hail j to the
Chief." There were more American flags
in evidence here than at any other stop
ping place. The. President responded
briefly to calls for a speech.
The President said:
"I am very glad not only to meet the
people of the city of Lynchburg, but to be
presented by your distinguished Senator. It
is not a matter of public interest but one
of pure personal recollection that the first
time I ever tried to come to Lynchburg I
did not stay. (Laughter.)
"I came here with a number of other
gentlemen who sought entrance, but the
gates were closed. (Laughter.) We could
not open them and you would' not (ap
plause) and so we departed to seek an
other host, if not > more hospitable, less
formidable than the one that greeted us
here.' (Laughter.) _It'is a happy, time for
me to visit Lynchburg now,.the war over,
no exchange of greeting with shot and
shell as then, but with the friendly wel
come of all the people, which typifies the
respect and regard /and good will which
subsists between all sections of our com
mon country." - ,
El Paso's Reception.
1 EL,' PASO, Tex., April 29.— Letters from
Continued from First Page.
ALL THE PEOPLE ALONG THE ROUTE
SHOUT FOR THE PRESIDENTIAL PARTY
DOLAU FAMILY EVICTED
FKOM MISECRAKLE HOVEt.
Officers Find Mother Intoxicated and
Children in Terrible Condition
of TJncleanliness. . ...
The family of Mike Dolan,- consisting of
a wife and six children, was evicted from
the miferable dwelling at 33 Victor street
yesterday afternoon. The father was ab
sent en one of bis daily sprees, and the
other members of his family were lying
around outside the house when the rase*
was reported to Secretary White of the
Society for tha Prevention of Cruelty to
Children-
Mr. White at once took steps to care for
the children, the eldest of whom Is II
years of age and the youngest an infant
In arms. The mother was .Intoxicated,
and when told that she was to be separat
ed from her children she exhibited no con
cern except for the baby which" she rather
preferred to keep. She admitted that she
had no place in which to spend the night,
but she guessed that she could take care
of the child, which was recovering from
an attack of the measles.
One child was wallowing in the refuse
beneath the house and another, alarmed
at the presence of the strangers, fled and
could not be found afterward.
The unnatural mother was taken shriek
ing to the police station, surrounded by
her -walling children.
The neighbors say that the Dolans are
intoxicated wnenever they have money,
and that the children are allowed to run
wild. Last December the woman was
treated at the hospital for a broken leg
as a result of a fight with her husband.
She was . also blind for . two weeks from
the effects of a kick said to have been
administered by Dolan in another con
flict.-. Secretary White will apply for let
ters of guardianship for the children.
METHOD OF PROCEDURE
IN BONDS ELECTION
City Attorney Advises Supervisors
Not to Levy Taxes Before
Their Issuance. "
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday with the Board of Supervisors re-
yarding the proceedings necessary to call
for a bond election for hospital, schools
and sewers and for park extension by ac
quisition of lands. Lane advises the
board to first obtain plans and specifica
tions which shall be sufficient to indicate
the probable cost of the contemplated im
provements. An ordinance must be
passed determining that public interest
requires the construction and acquisition
of each improvement desired. At the
next meeting another ordinance must be
adopted by the affirmative vote of four
teen members, calling an election and
providing for the submission to the elec
tors of the proposition to issue a bonded
indebtedness for each purpose concerned
each to be embraced in a separate propo
sition so that it may be voted upon sep
arately.
The date and place of payment shall be
designated in the bonds and the rate of
interest to be paid must also appear in
the notice of election, as also the amount
of the tax levy to be made for the pay
ment. The opinion, which further holds
that it Is unnecessary to make a provi-"
sion In the tax levy prior to the issuance
of bonds, concludes:
The charter under the construction placed
thereon in the Fritz case provides for a means
of acquiring Dark lands by purchase. As to
the rleht of condemnation for that purpose It
is conferred by section 1238 of the Civil Pro
cedure Code as amended this year.
All the propositions may be submitted at
the came special election, but they should
be submitted as separate, distinct propositions
and sesrreB'ated no that they will in no ; wise
be Interdependent. The sewer system should be
submitted as a whole; the hospital as a sep
arate proposition.- It would be manifestly im
practicable to submit each schoolhouse item
and each of the contemplated repairs " to the
several schoolhousea as a separate proposition
in each Instance. The entire school matter
may, therefore, be submitted In one proposi
tion. As to the several park properties, in
case you determine upon more than . one, •¦ I
think It safest to , provide for each as a sep
arate proposition. ¦
A WELCOME AT
PERKINS HOUSE
Plans of Oakland Com
mittee for the Reception
of President McKinley
OAKLAND, April 29.— The reception
committee which has charge of the ar
rangements for the public demonstration
in this city on May 15 in honor of j the
President has completed the principal de
tails of the programme. The President
will ride from Berkeley, after the com
mencement day exercises have been com
pleted, to the residence of United States
Senator George C. Perkins with a trooj.
of United States regular cavalry for es
cort. At -the Perkins residence the Presi
dent will be welcomed to Oakland by May
or Bars tow, who will drive with the chief
executive along the following route to the
Oakland Hlgn School: From Vernon
street to -Bay- place, to Webster, to Du
rant, to Jkcksor.^to Thirteenth/ to Harri
son, to Fourteenth, to Washington to
Thirteenth, to Jeff erson. v to Twelfth street,
to the high school. N \
The £000 school children of the city will
be massed on Durant, Webster, Thir
teenth and Harrison streets, each child
having an American flag. v";> "*\.
The President will deliver an address
from a platform which will be erected at
the Kleventh-street front of the high
school building, facing Lafayette Park.
Mayor Barstow will introduce the distin
guished guest.
President Wheeler of the University of
California will drive with the President
from Berkeley *o the Perkins residence.
•The sub-connr>ittees have assurances
that the streets will be in the pink of con
dition along the route. -• Merchants and
private individuals have signified their in
tention to make a magnificent display In
the shope of decorations. Chairman John
Mitchell of the finance committee has
asked the public to subscribe at least $3500
to defray the expenses of the reception.
After the meeting at the high school
the Presidential party will be driven by
way of Twelfth, Washington and Four
teenth streets down to the foot of Broad
way, where they will be taken back to
San Francisco on a United States reve
nue cutter.
Followirg is the revised reception com
mittee:
Executive committee— Edson F. Adams,
(chairman), John A. Britton, P. E. Bowles,
II. C. Taft, Sam Bell McKee.
Transportation — R, P. Jennings (chairman),
T. T. Dargie, Charles E. Snook.
Streets and roads— F. W. Bilger (chairman),
C. D. Bates. E. B. Jerome, F. Sinclair. Charles
F. Ott.
Decoration of streets and roads— A. S." Mac
donald (chairman), H. F. Gordon. F. M. Smith,
R. . M. Fitzgerald, W. V. Witcher, G. B. Dan
iels. Warren Olney.
Decoration of buildings — H. P. Carleton
(chairman), D. E. Collins, R. H. Chamberlain,
M. J. Keller, D. F. Me Wade.
Decoration of J. P. Taylor (chair
man). W. W. Foote, John I*. Howard, "W. A.
Boole Jr., H. P. Dalton. .
Good order— S. C. Hodgkins (chairman).
Finance— John Mitchell (chairman), W. G.
Henshaw. Sol Kahn, R. II. Briare, Theodore
Gler, A.' H. Breed, C. R. Yates, George M.
Fisher, George E. de Golia.
-•.'-;. •
VENTURA WILL
GREET McKINLEY
Drive Along the Beach
Will Give Him the First
Glimpse, of the Pacific
VENTURA, April 29.-Presldent McKin
ley and party will be entertained in a
most ' delightful manner when he visits
Ventura-by-the -sea Friday morning, May
10." The Presidential party will spend one
hour in this city. . The Board of Trade,
assisted by "Senator Thomas R. Bard, is
busily, engaged in making preparations for
this event.
"It is proposed to make the stay in Ven
tura a memorable part of the trip to the
West. It' is in Ventura that the distin
guished guests will obtain their first view
of the mighty Pacific Ocean and an im
portant feature will be a ride along the
beach. , .
The programme as now made, which has
the official approval of Secretary Cortel
you, is as follows:
The reception committee, of which Sen
ator Thomas . R. Bard is the chairman,
will meet the Presidential party at the
Southern Pacific depot. The carriages
will proceed up Kalorama street to Main.
thence,to the old Mission. From the Mis
sion the conveyances will return by differ
ent routes to the depot. Some will go up
Ventura avenue, where there are many
beautiful .homes,- and back; . others along
Poll street, and others = by way of the
beach. On the morning of May. 10 the tide
willbe at low*ebb.
The Native Daughters; under the direc
tion of Mrs. Cora B. Sifford. junior past
grand president of the Native Daughters,
will : decorate the ] carriages elaborately.
The city," especially, along the route of the
parade.will present a beautiful appearance.
A pleasing feature will be the mammoth
arch, to be erected on Main i street, near
Fir. ';- It is proposed that the pillars of the
arch be made cf .walnuts' and beans, sur
mounted - by - oranges,' typical ' products of
the : county. : Floral '¦ gates, hung between
the I pillars,' will * be emblematic -' of • the
gates' of the city, .and as the carriages
containing the President ' and party ap-
1 j "^ ROM north to south in Califor
nia the news of the start of
: the Presidential train has set
preparations for McKinley's
. L welcome astir. In every town
upon his route through the
State preparations have been going on
more or less rapidly for some days if
not weeks, but now jhat he has actually
started, the hurry and it;pile has re
doubled and every effort ix be!ns made
to make sure t!:i>. nettling wai 'oe lack
ing when the i.i.T:o vN.n:.->. And this is
particularly so hi Pi:: Truncisco, which
is the objective jroir : <t t'-Je trip.
Yesterday morr.ir;.- h.;v work started
on the streets, i;i the ferry building, in
the Hoj)kins Institute of Art, in the Pa
vilion and everywhere that the President
will be received. Linesmen were hard at
work stringing wires across Market
pireet and Third and Kearny, and by last
evening they were far enough for the
men with the lamps to commence work.
Bel'ore two more days have passed most
cf the lamps will be in place and then
a day or two before the President will
reach the city workmen will commence
to string the garlands of gTeen and place
the palms and branches along: the route
of the great parade.
In the ferry building: carpenters are
measuring- distances for fences designed
to g-uide crowds up and down the great
nave with the least possible confusion.
The police are overhauling their posts
and ropes so as to have them in readi
ness to stretch along the sidewalks before
i he time for the parade. Janitors are at
work at the Pavilion and in the Hopkins
Art Institute, giving an extra polish or
an extra bit of paint or an extra cleaning
to the rooms where honored guests will
lie received, and everywhere where the
President and his party will go prepara-
P>r the gTeat event are absorbing
ition.
Presidential Salutes,
resident will be saluted once from
the bay, the salute being fired from three
v.arthips lying: off the lower city front.
It will be when he passes down the bay
tni his way to the Union Iron Works to
witness the launching. The saluting
ships will probably be the Wisconsin,
lov.a and Philadelphia. If the Iowa can
not come down from the north then one
of the vessels now at the navy-yard at
Mare Island will take her place. The
plan is to hare the vessels salute with
their heaviest guns and if that be car
ried out the twelve-inchers of the Iowa
and Wisconsin should thunder out a right
riotous welcome to the President. He is
entitled to the national salute of twenty
one guns and Jf it be fired from the big
twelves it should make noise enough for
a" week.
- It has not J>een decided what boat will
"caYry the President to the launching;" but'
it will probably be the McDowell, the
quartermaster's steamer, that plies be
tween the army posts on the bay. While
the President Is here the transport tug
Siocum will be always at his disposal, but
as the Siocum has but one single cabin, it
is thought she will not accommodate all
ihe party that will accompany him to the
Union Iron Works. The McDowell has
plenty of cabin room, however, for as
large a party as will be made up.
All Knights in Line.
The Knights Templar are arranging a
grand parade as part of their reception to
the President on Friday, May 17. The
President will be their guest from 2:30
until 5 o'clock. It is proposed to have
the commanderies assemble at the
asylums and march to the Palace Hotel,
where the President will be met and es
corted to the Pavilion, where the reception
will be held. It will be strictly an affair
for Knights Templar in uniform and for
their ladies and the doors will be closed
tc all else.
The two local commanderies , California
and Golden Gate, are in charge of the af
fair and committees from both have been
appointed to look out for the details. The
officers of Calif ornia Commandery are Emi
nent Commander Sir W. II. F. Titus, Gen
eralissimo Sir Carroll Cccik and Captain
General Sir Henry Ream. The officers of
Gcldtn Gate Commandeiy are Eminent Sir
Robert McMillan, Generalissimo Sir Harry
D. Loveland and Captain General Sir Rob
ert IX Moore. The two local commander
ies will turn out nearly three hundred
each and with them will be in the line
the commanderies from Oakland, San
Jose, Santa Rosa, Sacramento, Petaluma
and representatives from others in towns
lax: her away. It is expected that the
nuir.ber of knights in line will reach nine
hundred or a thousand, and the order has
gone forth that each must be in full uni
form or he will not be allowed to take
part in the reception. Grand Commander
McKee, commander of the Knights Tem
plar of California, will lead the parade.
The ladies of the Ohio Society have
completed arrangements for the banquet
they will give to the ladies of the Ohio
and Presidential parties •while the men
are dining the President and the gentle
men of both parties.. The banquet will be
given in the California Hotel. The ques
tion of haw many ladies will come with
the two parties is the only one of import
ance now affecting the linai ordering of
the dinner.
At afl executive meeting of the Ohio
Indies' Society it was decided to estab
lish the headquarters of the society at
the California Hotel. All communica
iiens concerning the reception of the
Presidential party with which the society
is connected should be addressed there.
The society has received an acceptance
from the ladies in the party of the Gov
ernor of Ohio of the invitation to the
i-iinciact to be given by the society.
Governor Henry T. Gage arrived from
the South yesterday, accompanied by Mrs.
Gage, and will be in. the city a day or
two. He has made no plans of his own
for meeting President McKinley at Ked
iands, but has signified his readiness to
curry out such plans in . this respect as
the - executive committee on the reception
of tbe President may adopt.
CHINESE ALSO
MAKING READY
to Say_ of Coming Wel
come to the President
What the Local Paper Has
The local Chinese paper, Mon Hing Got
Bo, has this to ray about the coming of
McKinley:
President McKinley will bt here about the
15th day of next month.
He is the one man of supreme authority In
the land and will be for four years to come.
During- that time many occasions will arise
¦when It will be necessary for him to decide
upon points in which the Chinese people are
Interested. fiSV
It ; would . b* ; • graceful compliment . to the
President, and one which he would remember
with pleasure, if the Chinese residents and
merchants should decorate their quarter of
the city w^th the -.artistic lanterns and bari
r.ers which so delight the eyes of all Ameri
cans, and especially tourists, to whom they
have the added charm of novelty.
A little expense and, a little effort on the
part of sach person would make a. very pretty
display and would go far to correct the wrong
impression that is usually given to tourists
by guides, who show the very worst parts of
the quarter.
The Eastern visitor never sees the better
class of houses or anything else than the sur
roundings of the unfortunate, and these are
taken as a sample of the whole.
President McKinley has shown already an
unusual fairness in dealing with affairs in
China, and in appreciation of this and of the
further benefits which will accrue to San
Francisco through an increase of trade with
the kingdom across the ocean. It will be well
to create the very best impression possible on
our great visitor.
The committee which has in charge the mat
ter of preparing for the President's reception
¦win spend nearly $30,000 on decoration and en
tertainment. v
No such sum— not even a twentieth part of it
—would be required to make the Chinese quar
ter appear* a perfect fairyland. The majority
of people have the same large lanterns and
other decorations that have been used before
and a small expense for hanging and illumin
ating them would be all that would be re
quired.
Everything- which tends to increase the cor
diality of relations between America and
China will help the rapidly growing trade be
tween San Francisco and Chinese ports, and
it is to be hoped that if possible the members
of the Chinese Six Companies will devote
their attention to making some arrangements
for welcoming President McKinley.
OHIO DELEGATION
READY TO START
Plans for the Tour of the
Buckeyes Through the
West Nearly Complete
WASHINGTON, April 29.—Representa
tive Grosvenor of Ohio, who has been
making arrangements for the trip of the
Ohio delegation in Congress to the Pacific
Ccast, says arrangements for the trip have
been practically completed. The party
will travel in a Pullman and a private
car. They will leave Cincinnati May 3 at
11:30 a. m., arriving in New Orleans the
Sunday morning following. Thence they
will go "West over the Southern Pacific,
overtaking the Presidential party at Los
Angeles May 8. They will reach San Fran
cisco May 1L No fixed time has been
set for leaving- San Francisco on the re
turn trip, which will be made via; Port
land, Or. They will stop. at the Yellow
stone Park and St. Paul on the way back.
Neither of jhe^Ohip Senators- will ac
company the party, which will consist of
fifteen Representatives and their wives..
Burton, Philipps, Beidler, Shattuck and
Norton will not accompany the party.
SALT LAKE IS
READY TO CHEER
President Will Be Hon
ored Guest of United
States Senator K.earns
SALT LAKE, April 29.— President Mc-
Kinley will be the guest of United States
Senator Kearns during his visit here Sun
day, June 2, and Monday, June 3. In ac
cordance with the President's wishes no
formal programme for his entertainment
will be arranged for Sunday. On Monday
morning the President, Mrs. McKinley
and the members of the Cabinet will be
driven to points of interest in and about
the city, thus giving a greater number
of people opportunity to see the Presi
dent than would have been possible at a
public reception.
To Speak in Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, April 29.-President Mc-
Kinley will deliver a speech in Conven
tion Hall during his stay in Kansas City
on his way home from the Pacific •Coast,
according to E. M. Clendenning, secretary
of the Commercial Club and head of a
committee on entertainment that has just
returned from Washington. Mr. Clenden
ning says that the President personally
approved the elaborate plans mapped out
for the occasion.
Degree for McKinley.
BOSTON, April 29.-At a meeting of
overseers of Harvard University to-day
the question of granting the degree of
doctor of laws to President McKinley
was taken up informally, and the senti
ment expressed was unanimously in favor
of the step. The matter will come up for
formal action ;n June.
w /-«r THILE the President's itin-
V '" '\ I erary throu S n California
, ,%¦ f\ I is fearfully and wonder
'¦%¦ / %/ fully made, there is hot a
W ' W towiT*ire-.will visit or pass
, : ,V-.: ' T ' • through -that is not plan-
ning hard to make the
most of the time McKinley will remain
with them. At; some of. these towns he
will stop but five minutes; at others more
favored he will stop for ten or even twelve
minutes, and' others again will have half
hours and ( hours; and there are others,
too, that wil catch only the shrill whistle
of the train and the flash of its brilliant
cars as they whizz by, and the cloud of
dust whirling behind. But all the same
the town that will have but five minutes
is as enthusiastic as those with a day
or more, and the shorter the time the
more the town . hopes td crowd into it.
There will be -great examples of hurry
up welcomes and high' pressure greetings
in California for the days of the Presi
dent's stay, for every effort will be made
to adhere strictly to the time table that
has been submitted to McKinley and ap
proved by him. The rain will be given a
clear track for miles ahead and the right
of way over everything that runs on
wheels, so there is no reason ; just now
apparent why. the schedule should not be
carried out.
proach these will be thrown open. A Pres
idential salute will be fired on the arrival
of the President.
The school children of the county, num
bering several thousand, will be here. Two
blocks will be reserved for the children
and their teachers. Each pupil will be
provided with a small flag and bouquets
of flowers, which will be strewn in fr.ont
of the President's carriage.
A novel feature will be the Forest Re
serve Rangers In full equipment assem
bled on the sidewalk. Supervisor Slosson
has been assigned a place on California
street for these men. The students of the
Casa de Piedra School will participate.
The fraternal organizations have also
been invited. Every person will wear a
carnation, the President's flower. The
population of Ventura County will be out
en masse.
It Will Show the President
What a Harvester Looks
Like While at Work
STOCKTON WILL
HAVE A NOVELTY
STOCKTON, April 29.-When President
McKinley and his distinguished party vis
its Stockton during his swing around. the
circle the tourists will be given an op
portunity to see at least one item out of
the ordinary in the way of entertainment.
To this end it is proposed to have a large
combined harvester drawn by a big trac
tion engine in full operation at some point
in the suburbs of the city.
If the harvest is advanced there Is one
point just outside of the city where the
big outfit, similar to those used on the big
wheat farms, can be put In full operation,
and if no threshing can be done the ma
chinery will be put In full motion any
how. It is figured that the Eastern states
men will appreciate this scene. As the two
hours to be spent here are too brief a
time for any elaborate entertainment an
endeavor will be made to make the short
visit as interesting as possible.
There will be no public reception and all
of the people will be given a chance to.
see the chief magistrate during his drive
over a fixed route. The school children
of the city will be drawn up in the three
public parks and will salute the Presi
dent with the national anthems. The city
is already bestirring itself in anticipation
of the visit. No general decorations will
be attempted, but an additional $1000 has
been appropriated to put the streets in a
cleanly condition.
The city officials and the Chamber of
Commerce will co-operate in the enter
tainment. The preliminary work is al-
ready-being done and the full programme
will be announced next week.
PROGRAMME OF
ARMY VETERANS
What Will Be Done in the
Department Encamps
ment at Pacific Grove
PACIFIC GROVE, April 29.—Arrange
ments for the department encampment of
the Grand Army, to be held in this city
May 8 to 12, Inclusive, are about com
pleted and the affair gives promise of be
ing the most notable in the history of the
Department of California and Nevada.
Following is the official programme for
the four days:
Wednesday. May 8: Arrival of delegates of
the G. A. R-. W. R. C. and Ladies of the
G. A. R. 8 p. m. — Reception to the depart
ment officers of the G. A. R. and auxiliary or
ganizations by the Mayors and citizens of Pa
cific Grove and Monterey at the Assembly
Hall, Pacific Grove.
Thursday, May 9: 10 a. m.— Opening of , the
Thirty-fourth Annual Encampment," Depart
ment of California and Nevada. G. A. R., at
the Assembly Hall, Pacific Grove. 1:30 p. m. —
Business session, G. A. R. 8 p. m.—Entertain
ment at the Assembly Hall.
Friday, May 10: 10 a. m.— Business session.
1:20 p. m.— Business session. S p. m.— Musical
and literary entertainment, with moving pic
tures of battle scenes of American wars.
Saturday, May 11: Public receDtion to his
Excellency the President of the United States.
9 p. m. — Annual campflre and banquet for de
partment officials and delegates at the G. A.
R. and auxiliary organizations and invited
guests at Baeby's ODera-house, Monterey.
Delegates will begin to arrive on Tues
day night and by Wednesday nlKht, it' is
believed, nearly the entire number will be
present. The convention will open on
Thursday morning with the largest at
tendance ; ever seen at a department en
campment. The annual conventions of
the "Woman's Relief Corps and the ladles
of the G. A. R., both auxiliaries to the
G. A. R- will be held during the encamp
ment and these gatherings will add great
ly to the number of visitors here during
the week.
The committee In charge of housing: the
delegates is now hard at work listing the
available accommodations. It will have
everything- ready for the visitors upon
their arrival. About 700 accredited dele
gates will be in attendance.
ALL IS ENTHUSIASM
AND HURRY TO MAKE
READY FOR PRESIDENT
Work Commenced on Street Decorations and
at the Ferry Building, and Before Many
More Days Have Gone by Everything That
Will Insure Success Will Have Been Done
Regardless of Whether the Stop Will Be
for Five Minutes or for Five Days Every
where Enthusiasm Is at Highest Pitch
and Neither Time Nor Money Is Spared
CALIFORNIA WAITS TO GREET M'KINLEY A WESTERN WELCOME NEVER EQUALED
TOWNS ON THE WAY
PREPARING TO GIVE
FULSOME GREETINGS
THE SAN FRAN CISCO C A LL, TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1901.
3WELL-KNOWN SPORTING MAN,
WHO WILL. REFERKE THE Mc-
GOVERN-GARDNER FIGHT.
2266 La Calma. 3. 104.Ransch 4 4 h 3 h 2 X4"
2305 Cer. Santa, 3. lO'.Alxndr 3 3 2 11 3 Vi
2356 First Shot, 4, H8.Bassgr 2 1 h 5 h 4 2
2344 Chaste. 3, 104 BersrenlO 6 3 6^ 5h
1377 Bonitary, 3, 104... Martin 12 2 4 3 6 2
2350 Gay. Brown, 3. 106.Russl 9 7 2 7. 7 6
Llndo, 4, 118 Romerol2 8 1 8 8 10
2334 Simon D. a, 121.Armstrg 7 10 2' 9 9
2338 William F, 4, HS.Henssy 8 11 10 10
2335 Midian. 6, 121.Matthewsll 9 1 Pulled up
Time— 3-16. :18?i: %. :26; M. :53«: 5Hf, 1:12.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, G. Burger's b. f. by Thorn
hill-Mamle H. Judging from her previous two
races It Is quite evident winner must be a mud
horsei Cerro Santa not game. First Shot £
blank. Chaste away . poorly. Bonitary quit.
Scratched— Katie Walcott X16.
Betting— Mamie Hildreth. 4; La Calma, 8;
Cerro Santa, 4; First Shot, 10; Chaste, 12;
Bonitary. 5: Gay Ion Brown, 15; Llndo, 15;
Simon D. 30; William F. 30; Midian, 10.
$350. . .... ,
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. %. Fin,
2350 M. Hildreth. 3, lOo.Enos 5 5 3 2 % 16
2373. SIXTH RACE— Five and a half fun.
longs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse,
2372. FIFTH RACEr-Mile and a sixteenth;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index; Horse. -Wt. Jockey. St. 4- Str. Fin.
2347 Malay, 5,.. 108 Martin 5 2 % 1 3 14
2318 Gauntlet, 5, HO.Fauntlry 2 3 '.j 3 2 2 1
2132 Cat-take. G, 110.. '.Romero 4 1 M; 2 1 3 Vi
(2324)Wyoming. a. 113. Russell 1 4 3 4 6 4 121
2262 Cromwell, a. HO.-Bassgr « . § -53 56 1
2367 Sunello. 4, 103...Materne 3 52 6 6
Time— 1-16, :07;' V*. :25%: ¦ %. :51V4: ¦ %. 1:1SV4:.
mile, 1:4G; 1 l-16m, 1:53. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's br.
g. by Pirate of Penzance-Miss Thomas.- Going
was made to order for- Malay and he waa bet
on. Castake quit. Russell on Wyoming took
matters easy, but horse didn't seem to like
the footing. Cromwell likes good going.
Scratched— Alicia 105. Sir Kingston 103. Cue 1C«.
Goldone 109, Spike 103, Stromo 107, Dr. Ber
naj-s 102.
Betting— Malay. 2; Gauntlet. 9-2: Castake, 15;
Wyoming. 5-2; Cromwell, 5; Sunello, 25. '
2371. FOURTH RACE-^Six furlongs; three
year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. ' %. Str. Fin.
2176 R. de Altar. 3, 107.Alxdr 13 3 3 4 12
2294 Articulate,«3. 107.. Conley 2 2 n 2^23
2364 Prejudice. 4, 107.. Martin 5 4 h 4 2 3 2
(23C4)Frank Bell. 5. U4.Basgr 3 1 Vz 1 h 4 5
2S4S Gibraltar. 6, 117.. Ransch 4 5 5 5 •
Time— Vi, :24l£; %, :50; «i.'l:17%: Good start.
Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Winner, E. J. Baldwin's b. c. by. Emperor of
Norfolk-Maricopa. Winner is a star "mud
der." He slipped through on the rail when
the favorite and Bell were tired. Gibraltar
requires ¦ strong riding. Prejudice ! ran her
race. Scratched— Headwater 114, Ada N 102,
Beau Ormonde 107, Hagerdon 114, Yellowtall 112.
Betting— Rio de Altar. 50; Articulate. . 3-5;
Prejudice, 30; Frank Bell, 2; Gibraltar, 15.
2370. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs;, selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse,. $400. " , •
Index. Horse, Wt, 'jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2327)Eonic, 3, 100 Ransch 3 2% 23 14
(2157)Horton, 5, 114. .Matthews 1 4 1 3 2 .2 »i
234S Andrattus, 3, 102.. Martin 2 12 11 3 8
2344 Compass. 3, lOO.Fauntlry 4 33 4 5,48
2310 Herculean. 4, 109... Enos 5 5 5 5.
Time— M, :24%; %, :50%; %, 1:17%V%, 1:31.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving^ , Winner.- Caesar Young's ch. f. by
Eon-Mermaid. Eonic well ridden next tho
rail. Matthews did everything but fall, off
Horton. Latter should have won. Too far
for Andrattus. Herculean no account. Scratch
ed—Dollie Weithoft 109.
Betting— Eonic. 7-10; Horton, 11-5; .Andrat
tus, 7; Compass, 50; Herculean, 30.
2369. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs ; sell
ing; two-year-olds; purse, $350^ r V
Index,' Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2119) Glendenning. 110.. Martin 3 11 1-1% 1 3 .'
2213 Estado. 113 Sullivan 2 5^ 6 4-2 1
(2094)Dr. Scharff. 113..Basngr 4 23 2 3 3V6
2357 Escalante, 113 ..Alexndr 6 6 4 5h 4h
2222 Tyranus, 115 V. . . . . . Enbs 7 3 h 3h 54
2141 Tomplon, 110 ....Ransch 5 4 3 4 2 63
2333 Snowberry, 110 Fogg 1 7 12 7 15 .7 20
2321 Clear Sky, 110....Tullett 8- 8 8 '8
Time— U, :25; »£, :52. Good start. Won pull
ing up. Second and third driving. Winner,
Atkin & Lottridge's ch. g. by St. Carlo-Glen-
Hvet. Glendenning has a nice way of getting
over the ground. Dr. Scharff ran as if short.
Estado tried to -run out. Tyranus and Tom
plon in a bumping match through stretch.
Scratched— Parizade 115. ' - -.'
Betting— Glendenning, 9-5; Estado. SO; Dr.
Scharff. 3-2; Escalante, 20; Tyranus, 7; Tom
pion, 12; Snowberry, 75; Clear Sky, SO.'
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Monday,
April 29, 1901.— Weather fine. ' Track
muddy. : : .
230S. FIRST RACE-Five and a half fur
longs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse,
?350. '¦.••¦•
Index Horse, "W't, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2320 I D. Know, a, 121.Bergn 3 11 2 4 11..
2097 Irate, 3, 104 Ransch 5 4 h 1-tf 2 3
2350 T. Cross, 3, 104.. Russell 2 3 Vi 4% 3 1
2332 Luca, 3, 104 Hoar 1 2 2 3 2 .4 h
2330 Rasp, 3, 106......Brodien 6 5 % fi 1 5 6
2068 Pegalong, 3, 106..Alexdr 8 8 % 8 14 6 %
2142 Harrison, 5. 121. Shields 4 6h 5 17-2.
2332 Berendos, 3* 109.... Fogg 9 7 2 7 % 8 h
23S4 S. Voice, 4, 116. .Martin 7 9' 10 9
2350 Cambaceres. 3, 109.Matrnll 10 9 10
2207 Yodel, 3, -104......Stuartl0 11 11. 11 ¦¦
. Time— 3-16, :19; %, :26; :51; 5VJf, 1:12.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Deming & Caldwell's b. g. by Villard-Lucy.
Winner a good ¦ mud horse, outstaying Irate.
Triple Cross will win *oon in •' cheap company.
Harrison won't do. Cambaceres away poorly.
Scratched— Bagdad 118. ' ¦'
Betting— I Don't Know, 8; Irate, . 8-5 ;. Triple
Cross, 25; I^uca, 10; Rasp, 15; Pegalong, ¦ 20;
C. H. Harrison Jr., 15; Berendos, 20; Sweet
Voice, 20; Cambaceres. 4; Yodel, 60. ' • \
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 29.— T. P.
Hayes to-day bought 1 of "W. T. Shafer the
American Derby, candidate Terminus for
$10,000.- ' ¦ -; • ',» • . — .-^
Buys a Derby Candidate.
GLASGOW, April 29.— It transpires that
the Shamrock II grounded on a mud bank
near Dumbarton while proceedine: south
ward on Saturday." Her , crew was trans
ferred 1 to a ¦ tug-; and : thus ¦ lightened tho
yacht floated ¦ after . having v been ' ashore
three-quarters of an hour. - It is said she
is not injured. -
— ....
Shamrock II Is Floated.
¦¦¦ It.waB recently stated that England's army
and navy is inadequate to properly, defend
herself from a sudden onslaught. Kngland is.
in this instance,- like the individual who al
lows disease to creep into his system through
a stomach too weak to properly digest the
food taken into it. To strengthen the stomach
there is nothing * better than - Hostetter's
Stomach:. Bitters. ,: It cures dyspepsia, consti
pation, Indigestion, liver and kidney trouble,
and as a tonic is Incomparable.
England's Army . and' Navy.
'CANNES, France. April 29.— Fire : broke
out last night at the artillery! camp in the
vicinity of the. village of Str Jean. ' Eiffht
men were burned to" death and; several
EIGHT ARTILLERYMEN
' ARE BTJRNED TO DEATH
Fire -Breaks Out at \ Night in a Camp
Near the Village of St. Jean,
Trance.
NEW YORK, April 39.— Results at Aqueduct:
Six furloncs, selling— Petra II won, Mani
toban second. Walkabout third. Time, 1:13V4.
Five furlongs, selling — Kdwin Kenton won.
Flintlock second, Jean 'Wood thirds Time,
1:02 3-5. -. • ' ¦ ¦ ,. ¦.,.,.
About seven furlongs— All Green won. All
Gold second. Flax Spinner third. Time. 1:25 4-5.
Five furlongs— April Shower won. Bay Lake
second. Equalize third. Time. 1:02 4-5. ,
About seven furlongs, selling — Denman
Thompson won, .Gertrude Elliott second
Curtsy third. Time, 1:26 2-5. ¦ V
Five and a half furlongs— Isaiah won, Cri
terion second. The Rhymer third. Time,
1:07 1-5.
CHICAGO, April 29.— Results at Lakeside: ]
Four furlongs— Johanna N won, Lucy Locket
second.. ArleanB third. Time, :50. ,
Six furlongs— Emma C L won. Remark sec
ond. Lady Idris third. Time. 1:16 1-5;
One mile — Possart won, Al Brown second,
Maryland Reserve third. Tijfne, 1:41 2-5. :
Mile and a. half— Fox Bard won, Admetus sec
ond.. Papa Harry third. Time, 2:39. (
Mile and seventy yards— Thurles won, Dagr
mar second, "Vincennes third. Time, 1:47 2-5.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Obsidian
won, Lamachus second, Sumo third. : Time,
1:48%.': }¦¦ ;•; / , . A ¦ . V, ¦•-
. CINCINNATI, April 29.-ResultS . at New
port: -;
. Six • furlongs — Julius "Werner won. Guerdon
second, St. Sidney third. Time, 1:23. ,
Five and a half, furlongs, selling— Easter won,
Sweet Dream second, CorlaliB third. • Time,
1:15V£. ¦¦-••' : •'- ¦ ¦ ' • • ¦ •>:
¦ Four and a- half furlongs— Paul Hart won.
Lady Alsea second,' King Rex third. Time,
1:02. . \ . ¦ ¦ .. ,..-. •: v\ •¦¦ ¦..-. ¦¦- . -¦
¦ Vive and a half furlongs, selling— Jena won,
Ruth Parks second, Patchwork third.' Time,
1:15. V: :: ¦ ,-\- • -' . .
. One mile — Peter Duryea 1 won, Dissolute sec
ond, J. H. Sloan third. ' Time, 1:5054. v •
- Six and ' a > half furlongs, selling:— Dan Rice
won, Brown Veil second, Forbush third. Time,
1:31.. ¦ ¦¦••. ; •¦ ;>¦?• •• ¦ .. '.:¦'¦' -f. <H-.*
HOKSES THAT CROSSED . :k vy
¦WIRE • IN FIRST PLACE
The directors of the Pacific Coast Trot
ting Horse Breeders' Association held a
meeting yesterday afternoon in the rooms
of the organization at 36 Geary street
for the : purpose of considering, applica
tions from Vallejb, San Jose, Sacramento,
Petaluma and other cities for the regular
annual race meeting for this season.
It was decided to hold the race meet
during the month of July, but the selec
tion of a track was not made. It is the
purpose of the association to offer a num
ber of good purses for trotters and pacers,
but these will not be announced until the
next meeting, which is to be held- next
Monday. ' '¦ • ' . '.¦' .
. A Futurity stake is Dlanned for the
meeting. It will be for foals of 190L As
315 mares were named, a wonderful show-
Ing is anticipated.
Communications were read from a
number, of District Agricultural Associa
tions. A great many of them will give
race meetings this year, while some of
them will not. hold their fairs and race
meets until next year, being able to draw
both ' vears' appropriations' from the
State -" Vallejo, Woodland,- Sacramento,
Stockton, San Jose, Salinas, Los Angeles,
Willows and Santa Rosa have declared
their intention of holding meetings this
Mr Wilson of the State Board of Agri
culture and W. O. Bowers, the well
known horseman , ¦ appeared before the
association for the ¦ purpose of inducing
the breeders to hold their annual race
meeting in Sacramento. In behalf of the
capital city they, .offered the association
the free use of the track and promised to
raise a bonus of $1200. \There is every rea
son to believe that the California circuit
this year will consist of not less than
nine weeks 1 good raclne. Following are
the officers and directors of the Breeders'
Association: •
E. P. Heald.' president: J. C. Kirkuat
rlck," first vice president; A. G. Gurnt-tt,
second vice president; N. T.'Smlth, treas-
BREEDERS' ASSOCIATION
ABBANGING A MEETING
The -games will be a feature of the out-
Ing. • The -athletic members of ¦ the club
will sprint and jump for prizes, and the
champion swimmers . will contest in the
creek close by. There' will be potato
three-legged, partnership 1 and all other
kinds of races. The athletic event of the
day will be a 100-yard dash. The contest
ants, have trained for this event and gold
and silver medals arc to be awarded to
the winner and runner-up. ' * .. •¦
Escalle will net his tables in the pretty
grounds and the members and guests are
assured a bounteous feast. After lunch
the members and' their guests will" listen
to sweet singing and funny stories from
such well-known ¦ entertainers as Bob
Mitchell, Pete Sloan. Sam Jacob!, Charles
Heeseman, Ossie Franks, Billy '•¦ Hines
Jack Cathcart, George Ryan; Ed Sager'
Frank Thompson.' E. Angelo. Jack
O'Brien. Walter Howe; SIgnor Abramoff
"Kid" Nelson, Clarence Wendell, Charles
Leighton and the Messenger. Boy Quartet
This, year's outing is expected to sur
pass anything of its kind ever given by
the club. The committee having the af
fair in charge is" composed of George
James, James Coffroth, "Bob" Mitchell
and . Jack Cunningham, and they are
putting, forth their best efforts to make
the day a delightful one. . ','¦¦
Members of the Olympic Club are look
ing forward to the annual outing of their
organization, which will be held at Es
calle's, Marin County, next Sunday. For
the past five years these affairs have been
extremely popular and the attendance has
been good. There are games, feasting and
low jinks, v and the best talent in the club
takes part in the programme arranged for
the occasion. .
the Day at Escalle's Next
Sunday.
Athletes and Their Friends to Spend
OLYMPIC CLTJB MEN TO
HOLD ANNUAL OUTING
Jake Holtman sent his fields away ex
cellently aligned and with no perceptible
delays. * .
A. new top dressing on the track of
sand and clay absorbed the rain, but left
the track very slow.
The horses were summoned to the post
by bugle call, a new arid welcomed inno
vation at Oakland.
tors lively for J. Ransch, piloted two win
ners.
urer; F. W. Kelley. secretary: Directors:
E. P. Heald, San Francisco; R. S. Brown,
Petaluma: C. A. Hug. San Francisco: J.
C. Klrkpatrick, San Francisco: John F.
Boyd, Danville, Cal.; A. B. Spreckels. San
Francisco; A. G. Gurnett, Walnut Creek.
Cal.; F.' W. Covey. Menlo Park, Cal.;
Martin Carter, Irvington, Cal.: A. H.
Cohen. Fruitvale, Cal.: T. J. Crowley,
San Francisco.
Smith Was Not Drugged.
LONDON, April 29.— The Coroner's jury
which has been investigating: the death
of Billv Smith, the pugilist, who was fa
tally injured April 22 at the National
Sporting Club in a bout with Jack Rob
erts, to-day rendered a verdict of acci
dental death. The hospital surgeon who
attended Smith said that the appearance
of the pupils of the latter's eyes disproved
the story that he had been drugged. All
the testimony elicited tended to establish
the fact that the pugilist was not drugged.
BT'DAPEST, April 23.— Emperor Francis
Joseph to-day granted a farewell audience
to Addison C. Harris, the retiring United
States Minister to Austria-Hungary,
and subsequently received the new Min
ister, Robert S. McCormick. who pre
sented his credentials to his Majesty.
Minister McCormick Received.
All is in readiness for the big fight.
Managers Kennedy and Gleason have
completed arrangements to handle the big'
crowd.
"Kid" McFadden. the California "gold
heacled cane," who is to meet Danny
Dougherty in the preliminary bout, is in
excellent shape and advises his friends
that, he will win. He says Dougherty
may have the better of the bout in its
early stages, but he is confident that he
will win before the ten rounds have
ended.
The Fighters Compared.
1 McGcvern. ... Measurements. , Gardner.
5 feet .J inches.'..... Height.. ;;.... 5 feet.3 inches
121 pounds -Weight 120 pounds
14Vi Inches ..Neck 16 Inches
33^2 inches.. Chest— Normal..... 35 inches
35 ! ,2 ¦ inches Chest— Expanded. .37 inches
27Vi inches Waist 27 Inche3
13«,£ Inches Thigh ...: 19^i inches
11 ir-ches Calf 13 inches
12 indies Biceps 12>4 inches
10 inches...'. Forearm 10 inches
65 inches. Reach.: 63 inches
The measurements of the two feather
weights, published in The Call three
weeks ago. will be of interest at this time
for the purpose of comparison:
ler, and underwent a physical examina
tion. Both men were found to be in splen
did fettle and capable of making a fast
battle.
Since the annual twenty-five-mile bi
cycle road race on Washington's birth
day there has been much discussion in
cycling circles as to the standing of
Walter J. Davidson, one of the crack rid
ers of the Bay City Wheelmen. The
statement has been openly made that he
was no longer a member of the club. In
view of that statement the board of di
rectors of the Bay. City Wheelmen have
issued the following:
The board, of directors of the Bay City
Wheelmen desire to state that Walter J.
Davidson has been for the past four years
and now is a member of this club, and
owinsr to an unauthorized statement to the
contrary which has recently been made,
deem-- It necessary to correct said false
impression. Mr. Davidson is an honored,
member of the club, and has always been
continuously since he Joined.
The foregoing, with the statement of
Mr. Davidson himself that he still be
longs to the club, is expected to set at
rest all rumors, to the contrary.
EAVTDSON IS A MEMBER
OF BAY CITY WHEELMEN
Gardner and McGovern later called on
the club's physician, Dr. W. C. F.idenmul-
Both donned ring costumes and took up
fighting positions before the camera.- They
eyed each other narrowly and chaffed each
other somewhat, but withheld fighting for
another time. ¦
"I • never saw you looking so fine,
Oscar." said Terry with a side step that
brought him closer to Gardner. They
both led with their rights and warmly
shook hands. In reply to Gardner's polite
query about his health, McGovern said he
was "finer than silk."
. "Hello, Oscar," he said.- Gardner came
back with the same greeting and the
honors were easy.
McGovern made the first lead
Charley White in the ring, as the only
man he knew in this city capable of filling;
the position was Harry Corbett. Gardner
then said, "Well, Corbett is agreeable to
me," and Harris replied that he suited
him. Word was' then sent to Corbett,
who demurred at first, but at last con
sented to act. • . -
Gardner and McGovern met in a photo
graph galler? yesterday. They went 'to
Bushnell's and posed before the camera
in the costumes they will wear in the
ring to-night. Both expressed pleasure at
meeting each other and commented on
each other's appearance.
SAX JOSE, April 20.— Young athletes of
Santa Clara County are in active train
ing for the second annual field day of the
Pacific Academic League, which will be
held at Agricultural Park next Saturday
afternoon. The teams entered are from
the San Jose High School. Santa Clara
High School. Campbell High School and
the Academy of, the University of the Pa
cific. The league was organized two years
ago to promote all kinds of athletic sports
In the school, and there is great rivalry
between the various institutions. There are
sixteen events on the programme and the
winner of each will receive a gold medal.
Last year Santa Clara School won by
thirty points, but their supremacy will
be contested this year by the San Jose
High School , which has aft exceptionally
strong team entered.
SANTA CXABA ATHLETES
TO COMPETE FOR MEDALS
24 Total sold. 21
The Twentieth Century Club managers
have perfected arrangements for handling
the large crowd that is assured by the
large advance sale. In former flfchts held
at Mechanics' Pavilion idlers had a habit
of crowding into the vestibule and usms
all sort? of subterfusres to grrfln admit
tance. This will be prevented this time
by barriers. Tickets will be sold on the
Larkin street side of the pavilion. Cap
tain 'Wlttmajn will have a large sauad of
officers uresent to keep the streets clear
and prevent crowding.
The betting on the McGovern-Garner
fight was heavy at the Ocean View pool
rooms. McGovern, as was expected, was
Installed a favorite at 10 to 3 and a great
many "pikers" took a chance on Gardner.
The betting on the McFadden-Dougherty
bout is rather light, but it is expected that
it will increase before the lads enter the
ring.
En route from the race track yesterdav
Frank Eckert offered to bet $500 to $1000
that McGovern would defeat Gardner in
two rounds. Johnny Coleman expressed
a willingness to make the same bet.
The mutuel boards show the followlns
bets on the two bouts:
McGovern. Rounds. Gardner.
25 1-3 «
» ¦....-..-.; 4-6 »
8 7-1 3
4 .......12-20 6
£6 Total sold 23
McFadden. Rounds. Dougherty.
6 1-5 8
10 6-9 3
8 10-20 10
Chicago 9 9 3
Cincinnati 6 11 1
Batteries — Hughes and Kline; -McFadden and
Peltz. Umpire — Emslie. . . •
Boston 12 --7 s
Batteries — Dinneen and Kittredge; McCann,
Kltson and McGulre. : Umpire— Colgan.
CHICAGO, April 29.— Tho locals won their
first game at home by bunching eight hits In
two innings with the help of four bases on
balls and an. error. Attendance, 700. Score:
Cluba— • R. H. • E.
New York 13" 15 ' . 1
Batteries — Dunn, Dugprleby and Jacklltz;
Fisher, Doheney and Bowerman. Umpire —
O'Day.
PITTSBURG, April 29.— The home team turn
ed the tables on St. Louis to-day and won
out in a fierce batting contest. Attendance,
4000. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Pittsburg 14 14 7
St. Louis 13 16 3
Batteries — Leever and O'Connor; Breiten
stein, Sudhoff and Schrlver. Umpire— Dwyer.
BROOKLYN, April SS.-'-After having the
game well In hand to-day, the Brooklyn Na
tional League team threw it away by ragged,
fielding. Attendance, 3100. Score: .
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
Brooklyn ...8 10 7
feated New York to-day in a game marked
by heavy hitting and erratic fielding. At
tendance, 1300. Score:
Clubs— \ R. ,H. E.
Philadelphia .14 17 8
k • Clubs— R/- ; H. _ E.
Washington ..'.¦."..... .. .'.'...:..:'. 5' '• 9
Baltimore :..:.. 2 5 3
Batteries— Carrick and Clark; McGlnnltj/and
Robinson. , ! •• ¦
CLEVELAND,- April 29.— The American
League season was opened here to-day under
most favorable circumstances. The weather
was ideal, ' the attendance . large, fully 8000
people being present, and great enthusiasm
was shown. Score:
Clubs— R.. H. IS.
Cleveland ' 4 9 5
Milwaukee 3 . 8 3
Batteries— Hoffer and Yeager; Hawley and
Leahy. .»
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, April 29.— The Phillies de-
CHICAGO. April 29.— Home runs lay Dillon
and Elberfleld and an error gave the visitors
to-day's game. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— "It. H. E.
Chicago , 2 9 3
Detroit 3 4 1
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; Owens
and Buelow. • .
PHILADELPHIA. April 29.— The Phlladel
phias'team won its first victory of the sea
r.on to-day, defeating the Boston club in an
interesting game. Attendance. 3421. -Score:
Clubs— R. H. ' E.
Boston .: 5 12 3
Philadelphia 8 .13 4
¦ Batteries— Cuppy and Crlger; Bernhard and
Powers. .
WASHINGTON, April. 29.— Under the most
auspicious conditions the ¦ American '• ~ League
opened the baseball season In this city with
Baltimore; .Attendance, '¦¦ 10,000. Score:
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Alec Greggains,, manager of: the San
Francisco Athletic" Club, 'feels certain
that his request for a fight permit will be
granted by the Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors on Thursday after
noon. If it is granted there is'every pos
sibility that the ring-goers of the West
•will have an opportunity of seeing Fitz
simmons and Champion Jim Jeffries battle
in this city on July 4. Ned Homan is now
in the East' negotiating with Fltzsim
mons, and there is every probability that
the men will hold their second meeting
here.
Greggains yesterday denied : the story
that the National Club had secured Jef
fries' signature to box under its auspices.
He said that Billy Delaney, who is look
ing after the champion's interests, Is to
meet him this evening and arrange a bat
tle to be fought before the San Francisco
Athletic Club. Delaney is recuperating at
Campbell, Santa Clara County, but has
written to Greggains saying that he would
be at the McGovern-Gardner fight- this
evening. '¦'¦ ., -'
It is the plan of the fight promoters to
bring off a championship battle at one of
the local ball grounds in the afternoon so
that pictures can be taken of the fight.
They feel sanguine that the fight would
attract 20,000 people to this city and have
assurances from the railroad that special
excursion trains will be run. ,
In the event that a match cannot be
arranged between Jeffries ..and Fltzsim
mo-ns Jack Moffat and Jack Root of Chi
cago will be matched to battle for the
middleweight championship of 'the world,
and Charles Thurston and Rube Ferns
will be signed to box 'a preliminary bout
of twenty rounds.
Greggains has received assurances from
the Police Committee that they will grant
him a permit for July, so that it is a fore
gone conclusion that a big contest will be
brought off .in this city on the national
holiday. ..-'./
in Daytime.
San Francisco Athletic Club Purposes
Bringing Off Big Ring Battle
Sixth race—Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
2341 Handicapper ..108 (2122)Alee 104
2359 Mocorito 103 (2343)Hlndoonet 110
2339 Boundlee ......104 2339 Clarando 105
2361 Matt Hogan....l06 2343 Good Hope 105
2348 Duckoy 101 2348 Jerid 110
(20S3)Pat liorrissey.107 2364 Dr. Cave 113
Probable Winners.
First race—Aluminum, Harry Thatcher, Bar
ney F.
Second race—B. C. Greene, Frank Bain,
Phyllis.
Third race—Nilgar, Sweet William, Parader.
Fourth race—Huachuca, Rory Ough, Sol
Liechtenstein.
Fifth race—Malay, Rio Shannon, Ada N.
Sixth race — Pat Handicapper,
Alee.
Track Notesr
Fourteen books cut in. The many
friends of Paul Ridley were pleased to see
him back or. the block.
Midian, a starter in the last event, bled
again, and his entry was ordered refused
by the judges.
Jack Martin, who intends making mat-
HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONS
MAY BOX HERE IN JULY
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up;
selling:
2355 Morlnga 108 2265 Birdie Stone.... 87
1933 Kickumbob ....104 2370 Herculean 103
2372 Malay 110 (2360)Rio Shannon. ..112
2349 Rinaldo 108 2346 Ada N 102
IT seemed pld fashion-like' and quite
apropos that the Baldwin stable
should pop one of its bonbons re
opening day at Oakland, for some
thing deliciously invigorating and de
lightful is always looked for from that
direction. The'booking fraternity laid 50
to 1 against Rio de Altar in the betting
on the fourth event over six furlongs, and
all the colt.did was beat Articulate, the
best mud horse on the coast. Charley
Thorpe, who rode Rio de Altar on his pre
vious two starts at Tanforan, is not here
now. He has gone back to his old Ne
braska home. Chances are he will yet
become a good and prosperous farmer.
Rain- had left the Oakland course in a
muddy condition, and little wonder is
there that Articulate was plunged on at
1 to 2 and 3 to 5. "Badshot" Conley re
posed in the saddle and was unable to
outfoot Basslngrer on Frank Bell to the
stretch. Each rider swung wide in mak
ing the turn for home and Alexander,
astride Rio de Altar, hugging the rail in
where the footing was sloppy and less
holding, stole a march. While Frank Bell
and the first choice were bumping to
gether the Baldwin entry won by two
open lengths in 1:17%. The winner car
ried a few strolling bets.
Under the existing circumstances favor
ites managed to hold their own, taking
three of the six events run off. Although
the weather remained threatening, a fair
sized crowd was in attendance: '
The "bush" horse I Don't Know, ridden
by Marty Bergen, and 10 to 1 in the bet
ting, won the first sprint. Irate, the 8 to 5
I favorite, with Ransch up, was heralded
I as the good thing, but under, excellent
! handling the outsider got home first by a
! length. Triple Cross, a grandson of Mo
rello, finished third.
Glendenning, owned by Atkin & Lot
tridge, galloped for the half mile two
year-old dash. Dr. Scharff, the favorite,
put in a very tame bid, and Glendenning,
with J. Martin up, won pulling up from
Estado, a 30 to 1 shot.. The first choice
did not run a quarter before he was short
of ready cash, getting in a-fair third.
Jockey E. Matthews rode Horton in the
seven furlong affair, for which Eonic was
a heavily played favorite at short odds.
Never during his racing career has the
little red horse been beaten when as close
to the leaders at the head of the stretch
as he " was yesterday. Matthews did
everything but stand on his head in the
saddle, and Eonic dropped in first by four
lengths. Andrattus, which made the run
ning, finished in the show.
Several moons have gone by since Malay
has been furnished with his number of
mud. Although the brown gelding's pre
vious race would not look well, framed,
he won the mile and a sixteenth selling
number like a stake horse. Dr. Rowell's
entry -was backed down to 2 to 1 favorit
ism, winning by four lengths from Gaunt
let. Wyoming ran fourth, behind Cas
take.
Mamie Hildreth, another recalcitrant
actress from Tanforan, scored a hit In the
closing scene. Enos must be pounds bet
ter than Bassinger in the saddle, for
Mamie came home on the bit at odds of
4% to 1. La Calma dispossessed Cerro
Santa of the place.
Tb-Day's Entries.
First race—Six furlpnjrs; four-year-olds and
up; selling: " . ,
2325 Barney F 102 1905 Harry Th'tcherlC2
2351 Lost Girl 100 2334 Guilder ..102
2351 Decoy 102 1S78 S. Dann'baum.102
220S King's Pal 102 226S Dr. Marks ..iO2
2362 Spry Lark 100 2290 Aluminum 102
1S69 Del Vista.. 100 2356 Hilary 102
Second race—Three and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; selling:
2339 Phil Crimmins.lOS 211S Warder 105
22S5 Dandy ....108 2293 Phyllis 105
22.W Sister Abbie.... 103 21#> Legato 10S
22K5 Priam ....: 105 2177 B. C. Greene...10S
22S5 Flattered 103 2283 Frank Bain. ....10S
2363 Yellowstone ...-10S 22S3 Prestonian 103
Third race—Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
2364 Valencienne ...100 2240 Sweet ¦WilHam.102
23H2 Parader 1C2 2367 Ntlgar 102
2367 Alaska 102 2314 Vn Cadeau 103
2331 The Singer 102 2356 Canejo 100
2?.55 Wallenstein ....102 2152 Modwena 100
235S Formatus 102 2362 McAlbert 102
Fourth race—Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
Felling: . . . ¦
2365 Sol Lien'stein. .US 20S2 Prestene 115
2363 Achilles < 118 (2279)Rory Ough US
2332 Royalty 115 2357 Huachuca US
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
HARRY CORBETT. the well
known sporting man and brother
of the ex-champion heavyweight
boxer, was yesterday ch03en to
referee the McGovern-Gardner
fight, which is to take place in Mechanics'
Pavilion to-night. < The selection was en
tirely unlooked for by Corbett himself and
he was loth to accept the honor, until as
sured that no other man was so agree
able to both boxers. . . '
It was feared that the referee question
would cause some ill-feeling between the
fighters and their managers, but It was
amicably settled and in very short order.
Charley .White, the famous New , York
referee, was open for the engagement,
but as soon as he learned that It was de
sired that some local man referee the
bout he retired gracefully from the field.
Through some misunderstanding the
principals and their representatives did
not come together until an hour after the
time v fixed for the selection of the referee.
At 2 o'clock Gardner, accompanied by his
trainer, met Sam, Harris, manager for
McGovern, and Jim Kennedy, manager of
the Twentieth . Century Club, in a back
room of Corbetfs saloon. The meeting
was short and decisive. Harris said he
knew but a few Californians. Gardner
said any fair man was agreeable to him
and Kennedy informed both that he had
seen a j number of bouts in this city and
said the referees had shown a knowledge
of the business and were impartial in their
judgment. - . •
Harris said . he would like to have
ARTICULATE IS BEATEN
BY A DESPISED ONE
At -Odds of 50 to i Rio de Altar Reaches
the Wire Two Lengths . in Front of : the
Brown Golt-Reopenirig Day at /'Oakland
The statement issued by the division in
conclusion says, "It therefore appears
that -instead of there being a loss in the
export trade of Cuba to the United States
the trade is not only being maintained,
but is increasing."
. WASHINGTON, " April 29.— In a recent
statement given to the press by the divi
sion of insular affairs of the War Depart
ment a " considerable loss was indicated
in the trade of Cuba with' the United
States for the first eight months of 1900,
as compared ; with, the same period of
1899. It Is now explained by the division
of insular affairs that in that statement
the value of gold and silver coin and bul
lion was included in the total value of
commerce between Cuba and the United
States. Eliminating the coin shipments,
it is ascertained that instead of there be
ing a decrease in the value of imports
into Cuba from the United States there
is an increase of $1,220,205 for the*, first
eight months of 1900 over the same period
of 1899. It is stated that .while there may
have been an impulse of sentiment at the
close of the war on the part of 'the pres
ent Cuban importers to, buy from the
country that had just secured to' them
their liberty there is no' evidence of .it
to; be found in.' the subsequent .statistics.
There .are isolated cases of Cuban- mer
chants who tried to substitute American
products for Spanish . on sentimental
grounds, but that their efforts proved
very successful cannot : be shown. One
extensive dealer in footwear tried to in
troduce American shoes, but his custom
ers;, preferred the- Spanish last even
though it was coupled with inferior leath
er and poorer workmanship. During the
last six months of 1900 Spain furnished
$620,096 worth of shoes and the United
States $169, 76S worth. Unless the form of
the American shoes can be made to suit
the Cuban taste arid Cuban custom the
American shoe manufacturer, it is stated,
cannot expect to dominate the Cuban
shoe trade. ,The same is true of cotton
goods. Cubans, like the Mexicans, have
come to prefer the goods of European
make and fhe European manufacturers,
through long ¦ application, have come to
know what these people prefer and make
goods, expressly for that market.
Mistake Made by Including
. / Bullion With Value of
• Commerce.
Recent Report Issued by
War Department.
.. Erroneous.
CUBAN TRADE
IS INCREASING
V
WASHINGTON, April 29.— The Presi
dent to-day made the following appoint
ments:
State-Consuls: Charles B. Egbert ' of
Illinois, at Durango. Mexico; George W.
Colvlg of Oregon, at Barranqullla, Colom
bia. .
War— Chief of engineers with rank of
brigadier general: John Barlow, George
L. Gillespie. Henry M. Roberts.
judge advocate generals with ran* of
brigadier generals— Thomas F. Barr, John
W. Clous, George B. Davis.
Judge advocate with rank of colonel —
George B. Davis. Edward Hunter.
Judge advocate with rank of lieutenant
colonel— Jasper Morrison, Enoch H. Crow
der.
Judge advocate with rank of major-
John Riddle Porter, Arthur Murray.
Captain of cavalry— Casper H. Conrad
Second lieutenant, artillery corps—Rob
ert F. McMillan.
Brigadier generals of volunteers—Mer
ritt Barber. Tasker H. Bliss. Oscar F.
Long, John G. Ballance.
Surgeons of volunteers with rank of ma
jor—William D. Bell. Harold L. Coffin,
Charles L. Furbish, Samuel C. DeKraft.
Assistant surgeon of volunteers with
rank of captain— Richard S. Griswold,
Michael E. Hughes.
First lieutenant of Twenty-sixth volun
teer infantry— Charles S. Frank.
Second lieutenants of Thirty-ninth vol
unteer infantry— George W. Wilklns,
Lewis Bradley, Arthur T. Packwood.
Second lieutenant of Forty-fourth infan
try—Warren Windham.
First leutenant of Twenty-sixth volun
teer infantry— Holden Olin.
Second lieutenant of Twenty-sixth vol
unteer infantry— Jay H. Herning.
Navy— Passed assistant surgeon with,
rank of lieutenant, junior grade: Ed
ward V. Armstrong.
Boatswain— Dennis J. O'Connell.
Interior — Indian agent. Fort Apache
agency, Arizona: Cornelius W. Crounz.
Commissions ha^ e been made out for
James A- Allen, Enoch H. Crowder and
Robert L. Hughes in case vacancies occur
in the list of volunteer brigadier generals
while the President is away. ,• 1 . •¦
In the army appointments announced
to-day, Enoch H. Crowder is made a
brigadier general, and also a lieutenant
colonel. He secured the latter promo
tion by the retirement of Generals Litber,
Barr and Clous. The appointment as
brigadier general of volunteers is a com
pliment given him for services in the
Philippines, a position he will hold until
July 1. Crowder has been longer in the
Philippines than any other officer of
prominence. Major Stephen W. Groes
be^k. whose name does not appear In the
list made public to-day, will be promoted !
to lieutenant colonel. The question j
whether the detail of Colonel Jarvis to
be judge advocate general under the re
organization creates a vacancy is yet un
decided. Of the other brigadier generals
cf volunteers announced to-day. General
Bliss is of the commissary department,
and has been collector at Havana since
the occupation by the United States.
General Allen of the signal corps has a
record for good work during the Spanish
war and since has been in the Philip
pines. General Ballance is a major in the
adjutant general's department at Manila,
and General Howzee is lieutenant colonel
of the Thirty-fourth volunteer infantry.
Enoch H.. Crowder Is Raised
to Rank of Brigadier
General.
President Makes Several
Promotions and New ,
HIGH HONORS
FOR ARMY MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 19O1.
Terry McGovern and Oscar Gardner Are- in Fine Fettle and Ready
for Their Fistic Engagement This Evening— The Boxers Meet
. Before the Camera and Exchange Warm and Hearty Greetings
HARRY CORBETT IS SELECTED
TO REFEREE THE BIG BATTLE
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The guests are gone the smile slips from
the face of the hostess and she gives up
to the pain which racks her body. Many
a. woman entertains and wears a. smile
•while her back aches and her nerves
quiyer with pain. Surely any medicine
•which offers relief to women would be
worth a trial under such conditions. But
when the woman's medicine, Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription, is offered with the
proof of efficacy in thousands of well
attested cures, what excuse can then be
offered for suffering longer?
Dr. Pierce's Favonte Prescription
makes weak women strong and sick
¦women well. It dries- enfeebling- drains,
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures female -weakness.
¦ It is with the greatest pleasure I write you
ttte benefit my inother has received from your
* Favorite Prescription * and * Golden Medical
Discovery.' " says Miss Carrie Johnson, of Lowes-
ville, Amherst Co., Va. « She suffered untold
misery with uterine disease and nervousness,
and had a constant roaring and ringing noise
' in her head. After taking six; bottles of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription and { Golden Med-
ical Discovery,' she was entirely cured."
Dr. Pierce'3 Pleasant Pellets stimulate
the liver. • ".
Bicycles! .
The B19 4
In the Cycling World.
CLEVELANDS
$35 $40 $50
TRIBUNES
$35 $40 $50
CRESCENTS
$25 $30 $35
SNELLS
$25 $30 $40 $50
A fine assortment at popular prices.
Inspection BolJclted.
Good allowance for your old bicycle. •
LEAVITT a BILL,
. 309 LarKin Street.
Bargains In eecond-hand bicycles. Send for list.
H You remember how popular those rough finished hats |
B were for outings last season. Well, they. are going to be a
11 worn this year, too. And, as is our custom, we carry a M
¦ swell line of them at prices less than those of exclusive N
ll ; The hats come in the fedora shape in Oxford gray, W
I brown, steel and mixed; our price only |
II See our window full of them near the front entrance, [j
ll Of course the golf hat is THE favorite of all hats j|
H this season — we have them in all colors from 90c up. H
'H <¦¦¦'¦'• -Out-of-town orders lilted — write us. U
!^%. - • \ ¦ ¦ ¦ . *, woCarrie's Husband Robbed.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 20.— A special to
the" Sentinel from * Marlon. Ind.. says:
David-Nation, husband of Carrie Nation,
the Kansas reformer, was robbed of $7S
In cash, some Jewelry and his return rail
road ticket ;to-dhy. Mr. "Nation Is visit
ing- his sister,', Mrs. John, Mills of ; South
¦Marlon."- and attended ;¦ a •: dog , and ', pony
show In. Marlon this afternoon.
WASHINGTON. April 29.— Dr. Silva, the
Colombian Minister to the United States,
has received a cablegram , from . Bogota
officially,'* announcing the ending of tho
Colombian insurrection. ,Thls. result fol
lowed the i issuance of the manifesto by
General Uribe-Urlbo, the insurgent leudur,
now In this country. The; manifesto was
prepared, after negotiations which 'oc
curred between Minister Sllva and Gen
eral Uribe-Urlbc. . "
Uribe.
Peace Follows thi? Issuance of a Man
ifesto by General Uribe-
END -OF COLOMBIAN
INSURRECTION ANNOUNCED
PRELIMINARY WORK ON
SHIPBTTCLDINO TRTIST
Plan of Promoters Is to Divide Con
tracts Between the Various
Concerns.
NEW YORK. April 23.— The Journal
and Advertiser will say to-morrow:
Owners of ship building yards met In
the offices of Henry W. Poor & Co. yes
terday to begin preliminary work towanl
forming a combination of ship building In
terests. A capitalization of $60,000,000 ha*
been spoken of for the new trust. Poor
& Co. arc to finance it. AH the bl^
house? in the street are said to be In
terested.
Among those -who attended the m^ettns:
were I^ewis Nixon, owner of the Eliza
beth yards, and George Crocker and Ed
ward Hawley. of the Newport News Com
pany. A Dart of the plan Is said to ba
to divide the work of construction so th.-t
each plant can confine itself to a par
ticular class of work.
ii in — i ¦ !¦
Smallpox Among Indians
WASHINGTON. April 23.— The Burcai
of Indian Affairs to-day received an of
ficial report from the Tulallp Indiarf
Agency. Washington, announcing: th«t
smallpox exists not only in communltit u
adjacent to the Tulallp reservation but i:i
other reservations within tho Jurisdiction
of. Tulallp agency. Vaccination has befi
going on at the Fort Madison, Swlnomls'i.
Lumml and Tulalip reservations and .•»
liberal additional gupplv of caocine points
will be sent to the asent *ti Tulalip.
In Violation of Chnadian Laws.
WASHINGTON. -April 23.— Assistant
Secretary Spauldin^' to-day wrote a letter
to the Secretary of State asking him to
request of Lord Pauncefote an explanM
tlon by. the Canadian Government of the
seizure on April 23 at Nanaimo. B. C. of
the barge Ajax belonging to a ilrm In Se
attle and which was sent into- Canadian
waters to raise the wrecked steamer Will
amette.'which is said to be In violation of
the Canadian laws.
Pat Crowe Not in Demand.
OMAHA, April, 29. -The body of Pat
Crowe lg not In as much demand a=» it
was before the acquittal of James Calla
han. Five thousand dollars -will no longer
be paid by the city of Omaha for Crowe's
body, dead or alive.
At Us general committee meeting to-day
the Council authorized the Chief of Po
lice to withdraw this reward. The re
ward'of $23,000 offered Hy the city for the
crrest and conviction of the three kidnap
ers of Eddie Cudahy was allowed to stand.
William R?ads Many Papers.
BERLIN. April 29.— Emperor William
recently gave orders for a long: list of
newspapers to be laid before him dally,
instead of clippings &» heretofore. Be
sides perusing mor« than two scor* Ger
man papers* he stance* at two French
journals, two KngliM'u. one American an«]
three Austrian. Thlft change In his habltx
ho is said to have had in contemplation
for some time.
Tho wedding of Miss Grace Gummcr and
Itobert Karl Reid will take place at noon
to'- day, at tho residenco • of the bride's
mother; Mrs. S. F. Gummcr, 1334 Fulton
street.
'•' • * ¦
Mr. and Mrs. F. Hanschlldt celebrated
their silver wedding last Monday at their
residence on CoUingwood street. The par
lors were beautifully decorated in honor
of the event. Among those calling early
in the day were many members of the
St. Paulus Frauen Vereln. . A most en
joyable repast was served during the
evening. Among those present wero the
following named:
Mr. ami Mrs. F. Hanschlldt. Mr. and Mrs.
Th M Hclt, Mr. and Mr>. Captain J. Jacobs.
William A. Schultz, Mrs. G. A. Kchultz, Mr.
and Mrs. H Schlesselmann. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Ztttlau of Oakland. Mrs. .V. Kachs, Mrs. J.
Witt Mrs. K. Schmidt, Mrs. M. Schellpeper,
J. Junge, Mr. and Mrs. C. ii. Sharp, Miss M.
Rlnkers of Palo Alto. Miss C. Schmidt. Miss
B Jacobs, Miss M. Sehwerdt, Miss G. Schell
peper, Miss P. Schellpeper, Miss A. Anderson,
Mias G. Schultz, Miss K. Hanschlldt. O. A.
Creon, G. Schmidt, L. Sehwerdt, G. .Witt.
A pleasant birthday party was given to
Miss Gwendolyn B^inore r.t.her residence,
239 Bartlett street; Saturday afternoon,
last. The afternoon was plasantly spent
with music, recitations and games, after
which the little merry-makers assembled,
in the dining room, where refreshments
were served. Those present were: Misses
Gwendolyn Ennore, Lily Fink, Alma
Bchrens, Olga* Baumefster. Freda Kach
afcie Minnie Fink, Freda Behrens, Clara
Unrath, Albert Boiler and Albert En
nore - - ... .
Mr. and Mrs. S. Feder announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Dr. Grace
Feder, to Mr. Aaron Hexter of Marys
ville. Cal. Reception Sunday, May 12, at
1224 Golden Gate avenue, from 2 to 5 p. m.
.¦- - * .* . *
Among the passengers from the Pacific
Coast who. sailed for Europe on the Ham
burg-American line steamship Patricia
from New York, April 27, were:
A. Hallen, Mrs. C. B. Cook,' Mrs^M. Olsen,
Mrs. Alvlna Lohse. Muster Herbert Lohse, H.
Brosius, Miss B. I Kurzinsky, Mrs. Adolf Zun
dorff and children. C. Fischer, Mls3 L.. Kolbe,
"W N. F. Klordan, Mrs.. ].¦. Schniklt. Master
William Lohso and Uustave Gardthausen.
S * * -* •
The Sine Cura, a popular Mission club,
announces its tenth hop for Thursday
evening, May. 2, at Golden Oato Hall, B23
Sutler street. Heretofore this ciub has
held Us dances at Hlnmah's Mission Hull,
but on account of the great crush at
tending, tho club decided to hold its
meeting In a lancer hall. Four hundred
Invitations have been issued.
Miss Suslo Kevorson. a popular mem
ber of Altu Parlor. N; D. O. W.. leaves
shortly for Kelseyvllle, Luke. County, for
her vacation, und expects to be gono four
months.
Mrs. Horace Smyth. Mr. and Mrs. .Davis
CJrubb and D. Hunsen Grubb leave lor
New York May 1 and sail for Kuropo on
i ho, 8th. -
. * * *
Mrs. Phil S. Becl left last. Sunday on a
visit to Howell Mountains, Napa County.
': »: • . • " * ».¦•¦.• . .
• Mr. and Mrs. Groavonor P. Avers and
tho Misses Mary and Caroline Aycrs have
returned from their Eastern trip and
taken a house at Red wood, for the sum
mer, .'".^"y
Mrs. I* Rosenberg of Uklah Is visiting
her parents at S2S O'Farrell street.
\. i: - « . '» .'_? . ¦ •
• Mr and Mrs. -William Wilson have
moved Into their new home at 2527 Devisa
dero street.
¦ . ¦ •- ¦•¦- ' ¦ • -,*.¦¦ • . * .. t '¦ - • -' /:¦
Mr. Bruce W. Large leaves on May 1
for an extended Euro-jean tour.
'Mr. and Mrs. ~ Otto Kloppenburg' will
give a reception to their friends on the
occasion of their sixtieth weddlne anni
versary on May 4, at 224 Grove street, be
tween the. hours of 2 and 5 p. m.
WILL BE MARRIED
AT NOON TO-DAY
Grain Companies Consolidate.
SEATTLE, April 29.— By the Incorpora
tion to-day of the Seattle Grain Company,
a consolidation of all the warehouse Inter
ests of J. Q. Adams & Co. and the Cen
tennial Milling Company in Eastern
Washington was effected. Tho new com
pany Is controlled entirely by local cap
italists and grain hrokers. The total ca
pacity of its warehouses will be between
1,750,000 and 2.000.000 bushels, when twenty
new houses at different points along the
Northern Pacific and tho Central Wash
ington railroads -shall have been com
pleted. ¦ .
Mob Raids Bread Booths.
LEMBERO. Galicln. April 20.-A riotous
mob of tho city's unemployed to-day raid
ed tlie bread booths at the market placo,
shouting "Give us bread or work!" The
mob paraded the stroets. breaking shop
windows. Troops finally arrived and dis
persed tho rioters.
ENGLISH ARISTOCRACY
PROMISED A SENSATION
Divorce Case That May Furnish, the
British Public a Great
Scandal.
LONDON. April 29.— A divorce petition
was recently filed which will cause the
greatest scandal that has occurred for a
generation in English aristocracy in case
it comes to trial.' A British officer ap
plies for a decree, the co-respondent be
ing young and the bearer of one of the
most illustrious titles in the kingdom.
Common report has it that the co-re
spondent offered £60.000 to induce the
husband to abandon the action. The. offer
was refused.
Tremendous Dealing's in Securities
in the New York Ex
change.
NEW YORK. April 29.— Transactions on
the New York Stock Exchange to-day
wore Jby far tho largest In the history of
that institution, the total being estimated
at 2,760,000 shares. Transactions -were so
large and the market so active that It
was impossible for the reporters to secure
a record of all tho sales and It Is prob
able that .even the large total mentioned
may bo 50,000 shares short of the market.
Tho largest transactions were in United
States Stocl, -132,600 shares of which
changed hands at 49% to 52, closing at
51%. One hundred and seventy-two thou
sand five hundred shares of United States
Steel preferred were sold at prices rang
ing from D7M: to 09. The activity In Union
Pacific throughout the day was very
great, the total sales in that stock being
392,500 shares at prices ranging from lOJ)^
to 12&
The stock closed at HS^i, an advance
of 11 points as compared with last Fri
day's close. The dealing In bonds was
also tremendous.
TRANSACTION IN STOCKS .
HEAVIEST IN ITS HISTORY
... Look not upon the wine when red." This
of course doesn't apply to champagne.
' Sewer System for , Visalia.
, VISALIA. April, 1 29.^-At a 1 special elec
tion to-day p the. proposition to bond ;the
city for $S0.000 5 to 'build sewers was^car
.-"¦-¦• ' •> ¦ • .'("*'¦ ¦',''¦ »'"'"' '''V'
'The German expedition is returning
leaving, tho country, greatly disaffected,
owing to the hardships inflicted. upon- tho
population. Altogether tho expedition ap
pears to have produced a very bad effect
Tho current Chincae gossip is. that, the
Germans were driven back with heavy
losses, and this Is Implicitly believed by'
the bulk of the- people. .
PEKING; April CD— The Germans were
virtually caught In, a trap near the Ku
kuwan pass. .A detachment of eighty had
forty-five ¦ casualties, while; the Chinese
losses are said tojiavp been nominal. .
Back With Heavy Loss.
Chinese Believe They Were Driven
OVERMANS CAUGHT IN TRAP.
EASTMAN MURDER TRIAL
IS PROGRESSING SLOWLY
Inspector Murray Gives Testimony
Corroborating Statement Mads
by Defendant.
CAMBRIDGE. MaK?.. April 29.— Chief of
Police Cloyes was the first witness called
upon to-day to testify In the trial of
Charles H. Eastman, charged with the
murder of Richard H. Grogan Jr. His
evidence related to the statement made by
K.is-tm&n of the shooting of Grogan and
did ijol differ materially from the testi
mony of other witncsFts who had been
examined on that point. Chief Cloyes
and Police Inspector Murray identified the.
bullet taken from Grogan's body at the
put'.ppy. Inspector Murray, under oross
exnrrination, said he had great difficulty
In firing the pistol which Eastman says he
had in his hand when It went off acci
dentally and shot Grogan. This state
ment corroborated the claim made by
Eifitman that the cylinders of the revol
ver worked with difficulty.
DECISION OF GREAT: ,
INT 'ZBEST TO BEOKERS
United States Supreme Court Decides
That a "Call" Is Subject to
Taxation.
WASHINGTON. April' 29.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day decided In
the case brought by ex-Congressman
Stephen V. White of Brooklyn that a
"tall," as the word is used In the Stock
Exchange, is an agreement to sell and
therefore subject to taxation at the rate
of 2 cents per $100 under the war revenue
law. „ .. ;. ¦ ••>£-/.:• -,¦
Rain at Solano.
SUI6UN. April 29.-Thls vicinity was
visited by showers of rain yesterday aft
ernoon, last night and up till noon to-day.
The rain gaug»» at the depot at 7 o'clock
this morning showed the precipitation for
_e storm to be 1.04 inches. Since that
hour sufficient rain fell to bring tho total
ui» to about 1.25. The rain was badly
rrc«Jed and will be of gTeat benefit to all
grain crops, especially to the beet crop,
which has Just been put In. £".
Hunter and Hamilton Appointed
LONDON, April 29.— General Sir Archi
bald Hunter has b»on appointed to the
command of the forces In Scotland and
General Ian Hamilton has been appointed
Military Secretary Xor the. War, Office. •
VIGILANCE COMMITTEE
IS NEEDED AT BUTTE
An Epidemic of Highway Bobbery
Is" Causing a Reign of
Terror.
BUTTE, Mont., April. 2D.— An epidemic
of highway ¦ robbery, which the - police
seem powerless to suppress, has broken
out In this city and ufralrs have .reached
a condition where the formation of a vig
ilance committee to deal . with the male
factors appears Imperative. During the
past week there have been a dozen hold
ups several occurring in daylight. Last
night O. W. Cribb. proprietor of a saloon,
was held up by two masked men and re
lieved of h email sum. l£arly this morn
ing a smelter man named James Gillen
was robbed at the point of a revolver in
the very heart of town.
Two men giving the names of Mike Mc-
Shane and Frank Williams have. been ar
rested on suspicion of committing these
crimes. A young rough named "¦ Downey
and an unknown man set upon a stranger
from Great Kails this afternoon and took
what cash he possessed after beating the
man Into Insensibility. Downey was sur
prised and captured by the police after a
rough and tumble tight in which' several
persons were painfully injured. A Chi
nese was brutally beaten and robbed yes
terday and there is no clew to his assail
ants.
Burglars blew open the" safe of S. A.
Binder & Co., a local butcher firm, at an
early hour this morning and used so great
a quantity of explosives that : a large
building was wrecked.
There Is no clew to tho burglars, who
fled without securing any booty.
At a late hour this evening another Chi
nese was beaten so badly that he had to
be Bent to the hospital. His assailants
were angry because tiiey found no money
on him. The town Is overrun with tramps,
who are exceedingly bold because the
County Attorney has refused to make any
further prosecutions for vagrancy on ik*
ground of expense to the taxpayers.
; - American, Ship B-ice Burned.
LONDON, April 2:i.—The American ship
R. D. Rice of -San Francisco,. Captain
Wynn, which arrived at Hlogo;.Japan,
April 11, from Philadelphia, has burned
and'Is a total loss. Tho Rico sailed-from
Philadelphia;on November.20, 1500. "
BERLIN. April 29.— Dispatches from
Peking show that the Germans had a
difficult task in) carrying the passes' lead
ing Into Shansi province. Tho only ap
proaches were steep mountain trails and
tho Chinese held commanding positions
from which they rolled huge rocks down
tho mountain Hides on tho advancing
Germans. Besides many old guns, eight
een quick flrers were captured. The Ger
man losses were an oflleer and seven men
killed and four officers and thlrty-tlve
men Injured.
TIENTSIN, April 2D.-Nlnetccn Chinese,
it now appears, wcr<y killed through tho
derailing yesterday or the lirst train from
Peking to Tientsin, between Lofa and
Yangtsun, through the collapse of a cul
vert. An American private soldier
named Kennedy whs slightly injured.
Communication was restored there.
WASHINGTON,- April 29.-The Chinese
Minister to-day stated that all the infor
mation reaching him shows that tho im
perial authorities are doing their utmost
to avoid a clash between the Chinese
forces and those under foreign command.
This. applies not only to tho province of
Pechill, but also to Manchuria and to tho
Yangtze region, as according to a recent
report an uprising: of Boxers is being
planned for the coming summer.
Tho thanks which LI Hung Chang has"
given to Special Commissioner Rockhill
lor the course of the United States in the
indemnity -.negotiations are in lino with
similar thanks which Minister Wu has
expressed to Secretary Hay, the Chinese
authorities having taken occasion several
times of late to make, known their appre
ciation of the American efforts to keep
the total of indemnity down to a sum
which China could reasonably meet.
In connection with an organized effort
In New York to continue funds for the
famine sufferars in China. Minister Wu
Is receiving inquiries from persons out
side of New York as to where subscrip
tions can be sent. He is ready to accept
any such donation and will give proper
receipts for the same. His belief is that
much of the suffering exists in tho inte
rior, especially in Shansi province, from
famine and drought and from the paraly
sis .of all industries, owing to recent dis
orders. . 3 • \ ' " .
Von Waldersee Reports
on Fight Near the
Great Wall.
BERLIN, April 29.— A supplementary
dispatch received here to-day from Count
von -Waldersee concerning the recent en,
gagements near the great wall, says:
"During the pursuit Muelmann's batta
lion struck- the left flank of the Chinese
main position three miles east of the
great wall. The enemy was surprised
and fled and was pursued as far. as
Kukwan. Sixteen modern quick-firing
guns and a -number of older guns were
captured. The return march began April
26." .
GERMANS TAKE
CHINESE GUNS
How He Proposed to Extend His
Kailroad Connections Into
Pittsburg.
NEW YORK. April 23.— George J.
Oouid'p plans for reax:hing Pittsburg by
connecting the Wabash with the Wheeling
and Lake Erie, and" "by building an entire
line of the Wheeling and Lake Erie's ter
minus near the Ohio River Into Pittsburg.
are likely to be entirely revised, as the
result of the aggressive position taken by
the Pennsylvania Railroad. Ever since
it became definitely known that Gould was
7>lar.r.ing to reach Pittsburg and secure
The immense tonnage of _ that district for
the Wabash, the Pennsylvania officers have
be^n actively at work to prevent the
building cf the road If possible. President
<^assatt znd Gould have had conferences
on the subject, and wh!!e no definite un
derstanding has probably been reached at
tho present time, it may be stated that the
Wabasli will not reach Pittsburg as an ag-
Kres^ivelj' competitive element.
The Pennsylvania was prepared to take
¦ LIN lil'illH measures and Gould was quick
to lealize the harm that might be done
his Western roads by the Pennsylvania
opposition. The Gould line will get Into
Pittsburg over the Baltimore and Ohio,
now eontrolled by the Pennsylvania, or
perhaps from Steubenville, when a new
bridge, now planned. Is completed, over
i he Panhandle line.
Th*> details are yet to be worked out, but
imdfr the agreement between Cassatt and
r.ouM th«» latter will g»<t his desired en
trance into PtttKburg and the Pennsyl
vania will not have to fare new competi
tion of an .issirssive ntllroad In one of
its creates-'t Mronijholcj.s.
GEORGE GOULD'S PLANS
LIKELY TO BE BEVISED
business life. Throe years ago his health
began to fall and, notwithstanding the
tenderness with which ho was cared for
by his family, his body, enfeebled by age,
could not resist tho rnvnges of disease
and ho finally succumbed.
General Howell wa*» prominent In mil
itary affairs. He early became Identified
with tho National Guard and filled every
rank up to brigadier general. lie had
command of the Fourth Brigade ynder
Governors Low. Halght and Booth. Ills
'resignation of his commission was occa
sioned by* his removul ' from Sacramento
to this city.
General Howell leaves a widow, a son
and a daughter to mourn his loss. Josiah
Howell, the son. Is a member of tho well
known real estate firm of Baldwin &
Howell. and a Police Commissioner, and
his daughter. Mrs. L. L. Janes, 13 the
wile of the secretary of the Tamalpais
Water Company and the Tamalpais Rail
way Company. Tho funeral will be pri
vate and will take pluce from his son's
residence, 1S14 Washington street, to
morrow, after which tho body will bo
shipped to Sacramento.
PITTSBURG, April 29.— Fire at the cor
ner cf Carson and Seventeenth streets,
South Side, resulted in the loss of one
life, a property loss estimated at $225,000,
consumed over a. dozen buildings and ren
dered a score of families homeless. The
flames were discovered in the basement of
the four-story department store of George
E. Lorsch & Bro. ajid in a very short time
the entire building was burning furiously.
It was In ruins within thirty minutes. A
panic ensued among the customers and
employe's and a report was circulated that
eigrht persons had perished. This was
found to be untrue after the fire was un
der control, the only fatality being the
burning to death of Mrs. Kate Donley's
thrte-year-old child. When the tire
broke out Mrs. Donley and child were on
the fourth floor of the I^orsch building, fin
her haste to escape the mother fell on
the stairway and was rendered uncon
scious. In the excitement the child was
either forgotten or burned before aid
could reach it. A show, r of the burning
timbers was thrown from the" ixirsch
building, carrying destruction in all di
rections. Several ndjoinlng stores and a
number of dwellings were swept by tho
flames. . The losses are pretty well covered
by Insurance. . - '
Large Store and Several
Dwellings Swept
by Fire.
MANY FAMILIES
ARE HOMELESS
AFTER a life of seventy-two years
In which ho attained deserved
prominence In business affairs
and won a legion of friends. Gen
eral Joslah Howcll, pioneer and
Insurance man, passed away at the homd
of hta eon yesterday. Death did not come
without warning, for the aged man had
been a patient sufferer for the past threo
years. Hl3 remains will be Interred In
Sacramento, where ho settled In tho early
'50' s and laid tho foundation for his greut
er successes, of later years.
General Howcll. was born In England In
IS:?. He camo to this State when a
young: man and engaged In business In
tho capital city In 1S50. where he was one
of the organizers of the Pacific Mutual
Insurance Company. He removed to this
city In 1S74 and continued in the Insurance
business until 1SS3, when the New York
Life Insurance Company sent him to Aus
tralia to establish an apreney in that land.
He remained there until IF97. when ho re
turned to San Francisco and retired from
THE LATE GENERAL JO8IA1I IIOWELL, WHO DIED IN THIS CITY,
YESTERDAY, AGED 72 YEARS, AFTER AN ILLNESS EXTENDING
I OVER A PERIOD OF THREE YEARS. .
Interesting Testimony Is
Given at the Trial of
Captain Reed.
¦ — »
Contractors Held Up on. the
Plea That a. Brother Offi
cer Must be Aided.
•?
MANILA, April 23.— The trial of Cap
tain James V. Reed, cx-d^pot commissary
fit Manila, who was arrested about a
fortnight ago for alleged participation in
the commissary frauds, was begun here
to-<5ay and bids fair to develop into a
considerable case. Captain Reed is
charge.1 with soliciting and receiving
bribes and with other official misconduct.
At the beginning of the trial counsel
of the defendant raided a number of tech
nical objections, which were overruled.
The hearing of testimony was then be-
Cun.
Sehindlcr. manager of the Alhambra
cigar factory, testified that in November
those having profitable contracts with the
Government were asked to assist in mak
ir;S' good an alleged deficiency of $2000 in
the accounts of Major George B. Davis,
who was dopot commissary before Cap
tain Keod and who was tent to the
t niteu man** on sick leave. Bchindler
gave Cainutn Uted Jflu 5u, which was 3V»
per oeni OOJURUMlori on the cigars sold to
i ha commissary department during the
i*jna that jsia'i.r Jjhvih nvu* depjt com*
laiwary nt Mwivla,
,mi uidcer named Franklin, who was «»•
fMtUant ruinmt&iiury, ie>Uiit-(i t*» tha effwt
mat i«n Mm rob is. fullowing the direction
< ! i% superior otficer. ha obtHtnt-d $1000
from M^yr Uavta and p«J4 ititi* mujiey
«>\er tu Hchlndler.
Admits Receiving Monsy.
tntpector Oenfrnl (Jarlmgton testified
ihm «iuru)(i ihf ju'^lluiinarj' inve»Mgt*tlo1»
•if i ltd .• .m !,!!-- :tM i ciiuinir.. C»pt4tn
lifr-a wilmtntril hitviiiB r^ylvpd monoy
from Hrhlndlrr t*i»tl othon flnrt gttve a§
«n ejuMtpc 1 tluit tha HioJiryxi rpoelved
wfi* iiiirndr.i it> cover Major. Davis'
i.kuiriifint Illrhnrri It. Townlfy.ef the
navy, ibo lltv^rllt of the
".'.' t.'! : i N.mti,..! r--lK...|. lt'FllHr.1 1 litit RB
« rf?ult of u cnnrrrctiff with Captain
Hmi lip Wrtlt tO POP t^Hlttlc lU'OlllCl'H, COll
tra«:iori" who iupply th«« cmnmlpistiry de*
jaitinrnt with vrjjntnblrn, rto., atid want*
Pd ihrm to Bivr Captnin lined $2000 «nd
)'( prr rent «'onimiFsIi>n od nil p«les. Cas»
tin Brothers demurred to this proportion,
l.ltnilrr.nnt Townlr^ ngaln wont to Captla
Itrnthrrc. nnd till:* time askrd him for
<>nly 13000. CnKtl«* Hrothcru were reluctant
tt; "hard cvor tho i?um and l^l^utetiant
Townlcy explained that Captain Reed
vas« in a position to advance tho lntcrcpta
of the firm. Licutrnant Townlcy Faid
that lie thouicht Captain Reed was doing
a noble thtnjjr in attempting: to protect
the character of a brother officer. Ho
jilpo said that Fuch transactions were not
customary In the navy.
Delinquencies of Davis.
Colonel Charles A. Woodruff., chief of
th*» Hubslstencc department in Manila,
if stifled that on December 30. Castle
Brothers aroused his suspicion by inti
mating- that money was being collected
by an officer of the commissary depart
ment. Later Colonel Woodruff sent for
Captain Rrcd. who admitted receiving
rebates fnr the purpose of covering the
clelinquencie* cf M-iior Davis The testi
roonv of Colonel -Woodruff is unfinished
ard other witnesses are awaiting examin
ation. . „ ,
Lieutenant Hauserman of the Thirty
fourth Infantry la Judge advocate of the
court and Major Thomas I. Uartlgran of
the Thirtieth Infantry and Captain
Ch_lefl H. Ma trie of the Fortieth Infan
try are counsel for the defendants.
SEEKS BRIBES
TO SAVE DAVIS
,. The Chutes has a good programme this
week, including: Maud Mclntyro in her
impersonation of Mrs. Carrie Nation; Otto
Johnsone in sleight of hand tricks: Fair
banks brothers, club jugglers; r,i,a, List a
in , dancing, creations; McKay • and Law
.rence in • a ¦ laughable sketch ; the Callen
i ders in .new songs; Mlrlan Alnsworth In
character changes, and new moving pic
tures.; ,y-;s . ¦'¦"'¦ ¦-,¦;•;. .J. • " , . -, '¦'
Chutes.
SIgnor!G. S. Wanrell's basso-cantante
solos completely captured the audience at
Fischer's Concert-house last 1 night. The
L,a Mont juvenile vaudeville company
proved, a pocket, edition of the "Brownies
in Fairyland." L. Maybello Bowman, a
pleasing soubrettc, made a hit, and
Thatcher and Chenoweth and. Or o, Dalton
and Oro presented now and amusing
sketches. Paraskova Sandoline. the con
tralto, repeated her success of last 'week.
HInrlchs' Sorchestra was as reliable as
ever. ¦'. ¦¦-'¦ '.' —•\ 1 f ; . ¦ . ¦ : ' v :
Fischer's Concert Souse.
The Columbia Theater will; -reopen its
doors next Monday night for; the. season
and will offer as 'the inaugural attrac
tion James A. Herne's new play of "'Sag:
Harbor," which has been immensely suc
cessful in all parts of the Eastern coun
try. ¦¦' ¦ , ••¦¦-¦'¦ V' ' ....
Columbia.
."The Idol's Eye" is, in its fourth week
at the Tivoli, and is still playing to
crowded houses. Tho only Hartman and
his fellow-funmaker, Alf Wheelan, are
still the recipients of hearty a"pplause, and
the chorus work is good.
Tivoli.
The military play "The Conquerors"
commenced Its second week at tho Alcu
zar Thoator/lsist night.' The houso was*
crowded. It is one of tho best productions
if not the. best ever- presented nt this
popular theater and should have a long
run. Mis3 Lila Convere and Jo«cph Kil-
Kour were called before the curtain after
the 1 close of each act and they richly de
served it. All the characters f^rom tho
highest to the lowest are admirably sus
tained. , _;__ ¦
Alcazar.
Saloon-keepers within a radius of foiir !
blocks of Belasco & Thall's Central Thea- (
ter observed with dismay an alarming
fallingr-off in the demand for straight and
mixed drinks last night, and it was not
until they learned that "Ten Nights in a
Barroom" was being played at the theater
that they understood the reason.
Robert Cummlngs,' who played Joe Mor
gan, thrilled the house with his realistic
delirium ' tremens. scene, and' women
turned asido their faces from tho spec
tacle. James M. Ward portrayed in strong
contrast the drunken. man so well' that tho
audionco v/as thrown Into convulsions of
laughter. Margaret Marshall's Carrie Na
tion was a clever bit of work, and Fay
Courtney was Mchitahle Carlrlght to the
last giggle. Tom Jones, the tiddler, was a
funny character In tho hands of Krnest
Howell. Tho pathos of tho play was sup
plied by Ivorona. Atwood as tho drunkard's
wife and Mildred FHzgcVald as Mary Mor
gan. _____
Central.
Three encores at the close of the third
act of "A Bachelor's Romance" at the
California last evening told that the au
dience was keenly alive to the clever work
done by theNeill company. The acting
was all that could be desired. Mr.-, Neill
and Miss Julia Dean were well supported.
The intrinsic beauties of the comedy
found fine and sympathetic interpretation.
The management of the California has
made a rule which will be appreciated by
the. early comers. Hereafter persons ar
riving after the curtain has been raised
on the first act will not be seated until
•the act is ended. .
California.
The Orphcum bill. is a winner this week,
the Agoust family heading It with onoof
tho most sensational juggling acts ever
seen on tho coast. Their sceno of opera
tions is a restaurant, and everything from
eggs to tureens of steaming soup may be
seen flying through the air wltli uncanny
celerity. Tho grand finale of the act takes
place amid a shower of chairs and tables
and chiffoniers and ilower pots and things
with a prestissimo bombardment
of the ' agile Agoust waiter with
china plates by the other mem
bers of the cast. It is a srreat act.
Mclntyre and Heath introduce a new
sketch. "Tho Man from Montana," a little
long but uproariously .funny, that Is mo3t
enthusiastically received. Those black
face'eomedians are worth the orice them
selves, but there is Horace Goldin. wlUi
a change In his excellent illusion act: Alf
Grant with new jokes: Mile. Adelaide, the
aerial wonder: Clayton, Jenkins and Jas
per in the darky circus, and Barne3 and
SIsson in a bright new farce "A
Marriage Broker/' all from last week's
good bill. .
Orpheuni.
On the" whole, a good performance con
sidering the small prlco of admission, and
I would rnther have seen it than not.
That is n Iargs confession for a hardened
theater-goer. , Ii. DU PONT SVLE.
Mr. Frederic McGreer Is the namo of the
scenic artist at t ho Grand Opera-house, I
believe, and his work in ."Mr. Barnes of
New York," produced last night, was so
eminently tha best thing of the': evening
that I must giv« It this place of honor In
my first paragraph; Mr. McGrcer is the
StanrleUi cf the Pacific Coast (It he is an
Englishman, he will, know that this is in
tended, for a genuine qompliment); his Bay
of Ajacclo (act J) and his Gardens of the
Casino, Monte Carlo (act II), are lovely
pictures end v»'o:th a visit, even if the play
were woithlcss.
But the plav is not altogether worthless ;
the second act contains some capital
comedy, verging on the farcical, to be
gure, but never, boisterous and never vul
gar, while tlvV cIohIhq; H'.tuatlon of the
third net "holds •. possihilltlos of traglo
Irony thnt would have doU^hted Sopho
nles, But Mr. Uunter {a not a Sonhoclea:
he is hot even a third-rate Euripides, and
what situations and vhuracters ho has
been ablo to concolvo are written up to
(or rather down to) in a stylo, which, for
ledlivw. vnmn'.-jnpltipp. Jeuvt'H nothlnw to.
Iiq ilc« I roil, Thq contiupion of th^ fourth
not is crudfl ttnil bioo<iv, mid i\& tcoialu*
tlon-^turnlng uron that luwioe th«
Carboniffi'oui ngfli ntuliioninl identity of
niimtH^uetrnyp u Hhiimcilfisa poverty of
Invention which nnyhody pftlllns himself
h, (lrtimiitlut .Oiould UluHh to ttliplHy In
pulilU'i '
It in u ilellonto thins for a miin to wug«
Best to h wonvin nnythlntf fthovit Rrttce,
hut jih Mr, Wiilhlpy rtx'elvatl the yiinjwt
«if nil liin ft'lluw-i'i'HIoH wlum h«n Hsketl
Mien Jtoluin why Hhp would turn hm i toon
In, I mtiy venture to urU the ludy who
pluyort MHrliift why shft lnvurlHhly stoopH
lllKii'tld Of MlUlltlllHS Up Ntl'ltlHM WlH-ll
rilnyinR thlM pitrt, It ccttulnly Ih uupfntt'e
ful; pci'hitiin It hi»» -some ptunerlo (•unnf*u>
tlon with Coi'ulonn clui meter? If no, 1 »lt
corifrt^d, ple»ul Ignorimort niut U'» for
iMillKlitt'iuinMil. llnri'liut thlH, It Hcctncd to
mn tho chiu'tiulpf wmb hitarprntctt with
ron»ldnrul)ln otiiotlnnnl powr>n, mIhb Btnne (
In w, Ijlntulo witf, lookwrt L'htirmltiHly Hkd
Miss Hchnii Rt W ami ttlnyed woll nor on«
ftood Bcpnr— thi second not. Mr. Wrbstcr
8 not bo good ns tho cool, mhtter-ot-fnot
mait'of-to-dny an ho is its tho romantic
lover. Mr. Bhnrltleford, na a French rail
road RUiirii, did tho most finished bit of
character acting in the play, while tho
beet observed type, that of the American
"enfant terrible, was plnyod with. gusto
and buccc&s by MIbh Ltlllo Hhodos.
Exceptionally Good Bills Are
Presented at the Other
Theaters.
"Mr. Barnes of New York"
Well Liked at Grand
Opera-House.
SCENIC ARTIST
DOES FINE WORK
THE SAN FKAJNU1SCO CAJLL., TUESDAY, A PRJLL 30, 1901.
General Josiah Howell, Pioneer arid ;Insur
ance Man, Passes Away at the Residence
of His I Son After a Long Illness
INEVITABLE DEATH
CLAIMS AGED VICTIM
5
iA wot smoke at the above
Cigars, W fer
Juvenile
Curtain Our entjre ttoc^ c °^ ne %
« - - Lace Curtain* from S
&flGCI3tMt per pair upward}, . to-day J*
and during the week, at £
* One-Quarter Off g
Our Ragular. Prices* *
Al of these curtains are plainly marked, and X
this will be found to be a very unusually good £
chance to get good lace curtains cheap. The &
asottment includes Broaela Lace, Irish Point, jf
Arabian, Battenberg, ana Point de Calais cur- M
tains. . . /•'•'>'¦ 5
21c Turkish ™ s , offilin s. for
_. - '-mm' Tuesday only —
TOWCIS M&Gm 100 dorm closely
woven, heavily napped B'each;d Turkish
Towels, a real'y first-cla-s absorbent and good
wear'ng quality, siz: 20x42 inches, a $2. 50
per dozen va!ue— to-day, each.'. . .. 0 m; "
idc
Speciai Saies
Dresses, Waists, Etc
' •&*» $12.50, $15.00 and
llW $20.00 Tailor Drc ses
W^^l . $7.95— Assoxtrd lot of
new Eton J12.50
. J^f Tailcr Di esses and a
/*^£$& number of last season's
' '/*); •Vi )\" ne f'S-oOj $18,00
/ AX° j l\ .iand Dresses all
("\Nl" l(f t ) at one price t ;day only . '.
.NW $7.95
¦ \ t/tlleraliim txtra.
\ $1.25 New Waists
\ '79c-Pre:ty, striped
l\ Maitas new Shirr Wa:ss
\\ toft cuffs and properly
/ " \\ mide, 'a'l s'zes, regular-;
7 1 I \\ 1 yJ I -=5. t0 " 7Q A
/ 1 V \\ dav onl y • • • • • *****
I \ ' V $'-00Wrap e-s 59c
/ I \ J —Percale and Flannel.
> — l_^A*f—^ ctlc Wrapperf, and nice
" . ; " medium co'cr?, in all
sizeiani linrd waists, regularly $l.oo, ma.
to-day only mf&C
Corduroy
Pants 43c
For boys 3 to 15
years of age; about
500 pa'rs in th's lot,
comprising heavy Cor-
duroy and all - wool
kne; pants; made ex-
tra strong for school
and p'av; an extra
gool value at 75c a
pair; ipecial jm 9
to-day only *JC
Handkerchief?* i 0 ™ f
a _ > 0m g% l«aa:es tiand-
&aiC, &G, 9Cm kerchiefs on
sale to-day only at th::e astonishing prices:
soo dozen .Hemstitched Sheer Lawn Fancy
Corded Handkerchhfi, the 5c quality
— to-day iSG
150 dozen Sheer Lawn Handkerchhfs, trimmtd
in Valenc'ennes lace, rcgu'ar value «^
I z)4c each — to-day only w C
THE EMPOBITJM.
the emporium:.
SittC nOSO , oe «=,]« e f Ladles*
SunnortGrs Us mi mvk
Side Hjw SuFpditjn with. rubier button d i-
t'n>rt->bUelc, uidlnal, pink, erange *nd light
blue, at a price which, enab'ei us to mjg
ofler them !or thli day en'jfi P« t i[t *****
f 2So Oako Oo/Vocws3cgRira» REKV/fflH^Mf^^wH Bi 9E&/3 Foun of tho Dost-'*
;• Shampoo and Toiiot gfflil 1 mffmW^Bj3$£m M mm Books s g
»* Soap frno to every purchaser gj Tiaw J^ W^S«JBSS " Vfaiti of Eluabeth" $1-20 "?
(of Coke's Dandruff Curi to-day. Mmt^T „ -r* " Like Another Helen" $1 20 \
\ Thii scap i* wonderfully good for the IPT {tfOledtelllCUleB BaZAaT. "¦• ««AUce of OU Vlcennea". ..31 13 S
• ha r and tca'p. CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'3 ORANDEST STORE. /•'Cardinal's Snuff Box $1,20 "2
ilnuor T *" ( * nf a e h4f •
!»'"• *W» dtpajtmertt h«
2>pCCialS off red thli wuon. Port
or ihtrr y, a good Ubla quality, on ipcclil tala
te-day enW, gallon ........,,,.,.,, ,G5o
Huntcr'a Rye WhMtey— The ctlcbratcd Amer-
icm whlikry, one of the moit popular brindi
thitwe M rry,reiulirly|i.35 tff ng>
per hottle, to-day only -2»f • I/O
Buffalo Beer'— Pints, t»djy only, iottn
• 4Oo»
¦J-, Men's Fancy *>*»'
MHosleryttc. £»
111 I 1 ] Faney Half Heie-pur-
? »V ' p!e, blaek, redind.blutj
*i+Jn|YN tffwti, all up-te«di(«
**V\}jff ¦'"'. \ {t^tterni <tnl euarantecd
?*^JKri*^*\ *waml«fii— at the ipeela]
\fflf v&J btrgaln price, per pilr,
Tueid*yenly,
Ladies' 35c
HOSO ZOC» Ilrrmsdorf black,
fj. high tp!l;ed hrr'.a and douV'n poles, Rlche-
] eu drop etltch, alik finish, an excellent 3 jc
ttoeklng) (or thh day only, per o -»
\m ,,.-,, dSOC
Best Ham* £rS"$£>
TO m Da}f 13C Sugar Cured Hams
wor.h at least 15c per lb, special to- **+
diy only,,. , B&U
Babbitt's Soap— To-day 6 ban 25o
Hume's Alaska Salmon-two tins 25o
Smta Clara Prunes, fins n?vt prune* in »5'lt»
bax<i, ifg»'»'ly $'.* Si to foy on'y. .- 63 0
Van Cimp'ii Baktd Bfflni—In tomato lauer,
¦prchl to-day on y, 3 tins.. BOO
Uncolortd Jap?n Tia— Spldir Leg, \b,.4Uq
emporlvm Saven Serp-The soap \U ii ,wd
wra^ptn that hfwsekerpeH like to we I,
ipgejal tJ.day on'y» 7 S3O
faffif**** The balance of sereral lines
T-7JTI tfV 99 of Wies* Ties, tome
• MBS 5> Mmmfmfm of them Un md some
b'ack, all with «t
»rq on la'e tO'
day and Wed- r
netday at but little man than half fcyaUr print.
We hive not got til dies In aU ityles, but wa
can lurtt/ fit you In isms nn« of tha itylci.
R«guUrly $a.ee per pair, ul« m ~ «a
price for the two days. ,,,,,,,, %P I * O •>
25c*
fpscul price to-day (Tues-
day) only— box of 25.6 Oc
I The scientific blending
"\ of California figs and prunes I {+*?*%!& a » \
I with carefully selected grain I K *-w*VI
I VCOFFEE/
I mahes a perfect >^»^^
I cereal coffee of delicate
I flavor and frag'rant aroma.
I A perfect food beverage having all the
I satisfying qualities of coffee and tea and
I none of their disadvantages.
I /erzt°/X
1 / OT/o \ Healthful — nutritious.
If Fruit V
Ii j* £ 0/ I • Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only
9 V £&*®\ / I
¦ V TU/O 7 ALL GROCERS* SELL
I Xj***** 1^/ Figprune Cereal.
iiiwi ii iiiniiiii "iiiiii' ii mi'
EMPORIUM.Capitol Building, Fort Louis.
After all our trouble to capture Aguinaldo the'Fili
pinos have chosen a ucw leader, just as if Aguinaldo
were not necessary to the situation. It looks now. as
if we would have to capture every Filipino in .the
woods before we can call the thing settled.
A specimen weather report. of. the season appeared,
in ' the Boston Transcript thus: ""This morning'
dawned murky and misty, .with Atlantic fog and steam
drifting in on c a ; light -northeast wind. The sunrise
temperature was 43 degrees, and at . noon; it .had
worked up « to only : 45 degrees. Heavy clouds con-
¦ Many a true thing is said in jest. .The people of the
Eastern States have not seen much of the "sun since
the new century began, and the winter has lingered
so long and made itself, so stormy in every respect
that .many Easterners, like Tennyson, have "dreamed
there would be spring no more; that nature's ancient
power is lost." •
THE EASTERN SPRING.
ONE day. list week a Chleag© paper published
in iti editorial columns this paragraph: "The
brightly ihhiltig thing seen In the sky yegtet* *
day waft tho 6tm. At one time it was frequently vis*
iblc in this city, but of late Its appearance has been
so rare the oldest inhabitant hardly recognised It,"
About the same time the paragraphcr ofa New York
paper asked, "Has somebody kidnaped spring?"
The proposed eitRbKsh'Aiqnt 'of &n f'Atlsntle Union"
fef the purpo§e of bringing, ftbout eloser iselal rein
tleni between the UritiflnBiid etirselve§ will hardly dd
mere than promete diuiiei\glvlng fof a§ long n time
n& It lnstj, and 1 that muyYtot be very' long. As Wither,
Uesarit Is at the head of the movement it may turn 1
out to be no more than n scheme to furnish him with/
a basis for a new topical novel and create a demand
for it.
/ ¦ ¦ r . . « - j ' ¦ ¦ -
General Roberts is reported to have said recently:
that the American buck wagon is more? fitted for use!
in. South Africa than any. other vehicle known tomaii, 4
arid; as the American mule. has, amply, proven his su-,
petiority in the same"field, it would' seem that if the
Eritish could gefAmerican men to handle, the mules )
and buck wagons they might manage tocatch.up witli;
Dcwet-some day. and bring hirrj' in. ¦
iDavid Bennett' Hill's r ecen't -"speech ;_before the Jef-",'
ferson; Club at; Buffalo is said to have been more like : r
a^Presidential-lightnihg-rod than anything else, and*
the political .-weather prophets \n New York are be-''
gihningt'o worider^wnctlier 'David 'has ! a"futurV ' " : - ; ; :
¦ General Rafael Porl,uorido, one of the Cuban con*
ptitutiondl cornnilttee appointed to confer with PresU
tjent McKinley, says 09. per cent of the native Cubans
wish absolute Independence; .while the .Spaniards in
the island 'd eslre' annexation jo.'the;United-Statei, . In
the /natural order pf 'things the Cuban* should have^
bpen for. us nnd the SpHuiards ngninst, but In polities
gfciUlmciH Is'iiibject tp selMnterest, find the Spniilsli
merchants in ITnvann would rntherdinve thelr^ prep»
§rty'gu.Hrded ; by*an ; 'AnierIeRi; nrmy tlum by ft Cuban
» "Now, Zekiel, there's another thing. You
know how susceptible you be? Well if
you should happeivto see a woman in one
o' them big Noo York hotels a-lookin* at
you" purty. sharp, don't you git it in your
head that's she's struck on ye."
"Why not, dad?","
V. ; " .'Cause I've just been. readin* Jiere that
every 1 one o' them hotels i Is now engagin*
female detectives."— Plain Dealer.
~ "Don't pass' too much o* yon time whah
dey sells gin," said Uncle Eben. "When
a man gets to be a saloon fixture, he
genferly - goes to smash in , a hurry ,wif out
waltin T ;foh a^ lady to .'come round' wif
an ax."— Washington Star. " .
"I want you to tell me candidly wheth
hertt"' marry my daughJe?^^
"Certainly not." answered the titled
young gentleman. "I scorn the suspicion
As t understand the situation; your
daughter hasn't much money, anyhow
0 ash1n 0 gto h n C 8 0 t n ar. We "»»«*W ife
"Vpa," he gflld as h§ deposited the
tough leaking fowl on tha kitchen tV. I*
•fwrm thai turkey in a saloon rartie"''
¦ The lrtdv of-tho heuae looktdnt tha
utiiii'etentfous bird mid coldly B ntff P ri
;'V*n." eh B paid, ''it looks to^trVeStly
like one of those turkeys that yoti hnvB
to cttrve with a hatchet I 1 '-1'laln DetUer
Blllloue=Do women dress- to please the
men up to Pjp/tse elhoe womenf 9
ether wumen.-1'it ade pfiift Heeord.
••When I fl/ft met you," cried the wo.
mnii who hftdheen married for her money
"you (KHuniled n, low, menlul position; but
now, thanks to ins, your |in«)il8n="
"Is h, riyrnpnBHi on*»," her husband in.
"1 notice that Mrs, Carrie Chapman Catt
pays \Y\fx% woman ia mill whder>|he heel
of in&n,"
"fltiy, I wondeV what kind of a, man
Mr, Uarrte y»tt tan be?''=J'iain Dealer .
"They are going to try Crazy Snake for
treason." .
"Pooh I They might as well try a cigar
store Indian for less majeste,"— Plain
Dealer,
Patience— Has Miss Fussanfeather any
thing toward her Easter bonnet?
Patrice— Oh, yes; she's- got the airs
which go wlth'it,— Yonkers Statesman, '
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Thfl dependencies of Mauritius include:
(I) The Seychelles Island— about thirty of
them, flOO miles to the north; very health
ful nnd productive, with a population up
ward of 20,000. Their principal seaport Is
Port Victoria, a splendid harbor and coal-
Ing station. (2) The island of .Rodrigues,
300 miles due east, and other scattering
islands in the Indian Ocean, including
Diego Garcia, which has a good harbor
and is on the direct route from Aden to
Australia. These haVe resident magis
trates under the Governor of Mauritius.
Dependencies of Mauritius.
The colonial revenue, originally assisted
by grants from Great Britain, of late has
required no aid from the' mother country-
The -imports .of 1898 had a value of 19,
£55,551 rupees. - The exports totaled 30.
949,510 rupees. The trade of the colony Is
greatest with India and next with Great
Britain.. - There is also .considerable trade
with France and Australia. The currency
of Muurltius nnd Its dependencies Js Brit
ish, with dollars and cents and rupee
notes. Tho metric system for weights and
measures Is In use. i Mauritius has excel
lent roads and upward of 100 miles of rail
way. In 1893 tho colony was connected with
tha rc3t of the IJrltlsh empire by ocean
cubic.
sion of movable property of the value, at
least, of 3000 rupees; or, second, immov
able property of the value of at least 300
rupees; third, the payment of a monthly
rental of at least 25 rupees; fourth, the
payment of an annual license duty of at
least 200 rupees; fifth, the receipt of a
monthly salary of at least 50 rupees. .
The- higher officials ore sent out by
Great Britain, but Creoles are eligible for
all" minor offices under the . government.
Justice Is administered j by a Supreme
Court and by district courts. There are
a Chief Justice and three subordinate
judges. , Both the penal ' and the civil
codes are based upon the French code
Napoleon. Offenses against law and or
der are neither serious nor numerous.
¦The population, which In l?00 was barely
65,000, Is now very dense, amounting In
December, 1839,. to. 379,519, or about 600^tu
the sauaro mile. Of this number : 117,010
nro general colonists ; * the remainder, 262,
503. are Indians, including 4000 Chinese. A
large proportion ' of the- general popula
tion" consists of French 'Creoles, the de
scendants of the original French- settlers.
The term -creole means pimply.; a :person
born of white- or mixed parentage in the
island!. The natives ; are "proud of this
designation, j- Intermarriage between Cre
oles • and ¦ Indians '.•¦ is greatly on the in
crease. The • creole ¦ language,'- the ! base of
which is/ French, is in general use. 'It Is
easily, acquired". by, the ; Indian . immigrant.
In thef law; courts 1 English .Is-iised, but
the ' debates . in ¦ the Legislative ; Council arp
conducted ', both' in ; English ; and in French.
Education Is -gratuitous, but not ¦compul
¦ ... p • ¦.'
Population and Social Conditions.
r These Indians .are allowed to practice
all the rites of their various religions and,
no far ae they do not nnnoy other Inhabl*
tantu, to observe tliftlr distinctive' race
customs. At the present-^ moment Indians
cnriHiltiiii'. qulto no per cent of the whnla
population. On ninny nHlutoH ara to Im
Been three genqratlOHS of MfcurfMuiMjnrn
Indiana, .They a r« jjonfinUly well built,'
Intelligent, hard working and thrifty.
Home wf them liave h.h rmiph as go.Odi) ri*»
pres rtupnulferi Jn tti9 (lnv«rnrnmH PftVlllflS
iwnk, Important phnngps Bra In progWM
Hffeotlim tha timnre nr Innrt, 'I'ha hhbhi*
nUiniiitirinH hip < I'upliiiy fhimslns tmruiH,
111 WH (Drilling liittlHlij fi'ulll |||n li'l-nllf'll
('rpriifl-planterB eatntnH at iv tolnl vbIiig or
3,0l»7,&iil ruptw. Wtu'U Is filHiniknt, wwgfM
nr«» jum'iI Mini, whtlf Hi* Mllug pt'li'n @i
HUgm 1 Is very low, Urn pfIch of Bruin,
lien RBrt fiUi"P fttotiHtiiffM ifl'Hlun IftWi On
Him Nllgnt 1 tistntei* ntiil null giii-tli-iun Old
old liiuMcm Ming, enllfltl "uhIhW 1 whluh
\vt'in Binhtt iiml imftnliltnr'y, nft> «1lSnpt>ertf
ltig. nru1 In tHelr uhteefl ttre'ltfltttf erected
t'oititiiodlous 'twomtttHiul houses with ve«
fafUittN nlid gtiOd Jfrtl'dPH platHi .Altogether"
MatllHIUM'nt th,d firtiSPllt dlly l« t'Pally A
Bart' at t'ttradlBe ftif 'Indian Immigrants
nnd labttfers In getiernl. Sugar, is tha titn*
tilo "commodity! Th6 average crop dtir*
ing ' thd last ,. twenty years has • reached
tlio high ilgure tot 118,000 tons per annum,
reckoning 1000 kilos to the' ton. The drop
of 18M nnd 1899 haa proved to be the larg
est on record— namely, 183,762 tons.
Prosperity of the Inhabitants.
Among the earliest acts of the British
Governor established at Port Louis was
the abolition of slavery In 1813 and the
appointment of an officer for the protec
tion of slaves. In 1832 a scheme of eman
cipation was drawn up by the colorjsts,
*hich In the main was accepted by the
British < Government. In 1835 nil Blaves
wore declared free, tho only restrictions
boliiR the 1 articles . of • apprenticeship.
These were removed In 1839 and the plant
ers received the sum of £2,000,000 by way
of compensation. , • • , ¦
With tho abolition of slavery there
arose, however. -a labor question. . The
Malagasy and African hI.ivi'm had almost
died out, while of those that remained
considerable, numbers j returned to their
native countries. Consequently In 1839
ooollo laborers from India were procured.
Emigration offices being 1 opened in Cal
cutta and Madras, these Immigrants were
placed under tho protection of a. member
of the Mauritius Government specially
appointed. ¦ They were engaged to sorvo
a llve-jioar Indenture. At the end of that
period they were to b« free. to hire them
selves to tholr former masters or to sock
others.; They might also, if; they wished,
bo gentlemen at large, or return to their
natlvo. country. From tho announcement
quite three-fourths have renewed their
sorvlcfl contracts at llxed rates of pay.
and by degrees they 1 have become landed
proprietors. Very happily for the peace-
HblenoBH and well-bqlng of. the colony the
majority of employers of labor have been
men' of good feeling, who have treated
their .servants with consideration. As .a
consequence'. the relations between mas
ter and man are friendly and mutually
helpful.
Slave Labor and Coolie Labor.
a base for privateering expeditions which
Inflicted very serious losses upon British
commerce. In conseduenco of those dis
asters a British fleet was sent from India
by L.onl Minto, the Governor General. In
lfclO, which, after some heavy lighting,
took possession of Port Louie. -The sub
mission of the whole of the inhabitants
quickly followed, the conciliatory manifes
to of the British admiral aiding greatly In
the pacification process. By the peace of
Paris in 1814 L'Islo de France, with its
dependencies in the Indian Ocean, wa3 as
signed to Great Britain, the Dutch name
of Mauritius belnir restored.
Upon the face of it that is a fair statement. Cer«
Iblrily it i» hardly fair to atk the President of a re*
piblic to ignore the dedfions of the Supreme Court
of the country- It happens, however, that in this in
cUnce the Supreme Court is hardly anything more
liian the creature of the President. Castro 'is said to
be supreme in Venezuela and as firmly established as
a ruler ever gets to bs,in South America. The na
tions, arc therefore justified in holding him responsible
for everything. It is- not easy to see, however, what
they can do about it. Uncle Sam will not let any
I.urcpcan power attack the bad man, nor will he act
as a collector of their claims. Castro of Venezuela,
in fact, appears to be ::hout as safe as the Sultan^. •
By way of defending himself Castro recently
granted an interview to a representative of the Cin
cinnati Enquirer in which he said: "Present to the
people of the United States my hearty respects and
assure them of the friendship of myself and the Gov
ernment of Venezuela, We promise to guarantee pro
lection to American <»nd all foreign capital whenever
invested- in accordan-c; with the laws of the country,
Republic! naturally have interest! in common, and
Matt-merits of unfrienHv isentim&nti Bgainit foreigners
are f?hr »nd entirely disproved by leniency toward
MinJftcr Loomii »n<i om attitude toward other for*
fign r<r> r c*entative§, We have no proof that MJn
i&ter Loomli accepted fsvem from the Bermu<k3
Company, but hi* actiftni lead us to to believe, We
!>.."¦ proofs that he Jnfhuneed to the pregi.
The DcrmudcJ! Company yesterday formally denied
thfl jurisdiction of the Venezuelan ceurti, I, as Presl.
dent, can recognize ne o'licr authority In the matter."
The powers are r.ot acting in concert. \Each
is supporting a cl.airn of certain of its . citi
zens against the Venezuelan Government some
what similar to the claims made by Amer
icans under the asphalt concession, but each
distinct in itself. It appears that for the pur
pose of settling these claims President Castro some
time ago issued three decrees. The first provided for
th? creation of a commission to pass upon claims, the
liral decision of which will rest with the Supreme
Court of Venezuela; . the second limited the time
ttiihin which claims may be brought to ninety days,
tr.d the third provided for the payment of claims from
a fund to be known as a revolutionary fund.
* The powers are not satisfied with any one of the
rrrangements. They object to the Venezuelan Su
preme Court, to the nintty-day clause and to the fund
cut of which the claims are to be paid. The United
Slntes, Spain and Germany have already served no
tice, on Castro that his decrees are of no effect, and
that they will not consider the decisions of the Su
preme Court as binding upon their citizens. Great
Britain and Holland arc expected to serve a similar
rbticc in a short, time.
We learn by dispatches from Washington that in
formation has been received at the State Department
that in addition to the United States four other pow
ers are making trouble for Castro and are making it
in a very vexatious w?y. These powers are Great
Britain, Germany, Spain and Holland. The four
constitute a formidable combination in themselves,
and when to them is added the United States the ag
gregation becomes irresistible. The only way for Cas
tro to hold his own is to adopt the tactics of the
Sultan and "spar for time."
PRESIDENT CASTRO of Venezuela has acted
so badly toward our Government that.it has
been found advisable to recall the American
Minister, Mr. Loomis, from the country. Conse
quently it may be assumed that Castro is a bold, bad
man from Bitter Creelc, and that future negotiations
with him should be carried on through the medium
cf firearms. When all that has been conceded there
remains enough of other troubles upon the bad man
to entitle him to something of the sympathy that goes
out .to the man who fights against heavy odds.
CASTRO OF VENEZUELA.
The stamp placed diagonally on the upp«r
left-hand corner of the envelope means "I
desire your friendship"; placed, on the .upper
right-hand corner means "Want to makt your
acquaintance"; on the line with the surname
and to the right thereof slgnlflas "Accept my
love" ; in a. similar position: but the stamp
inverted.* Elves notice that "I am engage^';
the stamp placed at right angle with the en
velope on the right-hand comer asks tho ques
tion. "Does tho receiver love the sender?"
If placed on the left-hand corner it gives the
unpleasant information "I hate you" ; the
stamp placed at the brtttom of ' the envelop*
In tho corner means "Yes"; at the bottom
In the center means "No"; an Inverted stamp
on the upper left-hand corner gives Indication
of ."Affection of the writer for the receiver";
If the atamp Is Inverted on the rtsht-hand
comar It Is notice to the receiver to "Writs
no more"; the stamp placed In the middle of
the envelope on the right-hand stde, so as to
be on a line with ' the surname, is a request
that the receiver shall "Wrlta Immediately" :
and If It Is placed Just after the surname, at
right angle with the same, the writer by thai
tells the receiver "I long to see you"; the
stamp placed face up en the left-hand corner
Is "Oood-by, sweetheart , . two stamps qx\m
above the other at right angle with the *-.
velope tells the sad tale, "My heart U an*
other's"— that Is, sad to the receiver; "I love
you" is expressed by placing the stamp In
verted on the upper left-hand corner; tha
atamp placed on the lower left-hand earner,
face up, lays to the receiver "Cannot meet
you," and If it la race up on the lower rl«he
han.1 corner It is a notice from the writer that
the "Parents object to letters,"
POSTAGE STAMP LANGUAGE— L. C.
M., Vallejo. and A. C, City. The so-called
language of postage stamps is an agree
ment that any number of correspondents
m,av enter into as to the meaning of
stamps placed in certain positions on en
velopes. It cannot be said that the plac
ing of stamps in a peculiar position
means what some one has seen flt to call
"the stamp language." For instance. In
that language the stamp at right angles
on the right-hand corner asks the ques
tion, "Does the receiver love the sender?"
Now, a young man may receive an en
velope with the superscription in a femin
ine- nand having a stamp at right angl*
on the upper right-hand corner, and when
he opens the envelope he would think
that there was considerable difference
between the question implied by tho
stamp and the contents of the letter,
which might be a notice from a tailor
notifying him that if the last suit was
not paid for and action would be com
menced to recover amount of balance
due. Tho language as given is:
FOREIGN POSTAGE— R. H. R.. Re
clamation, Cal. It is optional with the
sender of a letter if he prepays the post
age to European countries. If not pre
paid the party receiving the same has to
pay double postage.
TAILOR'S GOOSE— O. O., City. A
tailor's goose is an iron for pressing
clothes. This department cannot find any
authority for calling two or more such.
"gooses."" The plural of goose is gee'se,
no matter whether applied to birds or
tailor's irons.
UNITED STATES MINT— H. A. "W..
Oakland, Cal. The time .when visitors
are admitted to the United States Eranch
Mint In San Francisco 'Is, on all working
days, from 9 to 11:30 o'clock.
TWO TRACKS— B. F. TV., City. Ingle
side track was built by the Pacific Coaat
Jockey Club and Tanforan . track was
built by the Crocker estate for th© San
Francisco Jockey Club.
EXPLORATION-! 1 . A. P., Rlchland,
Cal. The book on explorations In Central
America ankcd for is "Glimpses of Guate
mala" by A. X'rrdval and Anne Maudlay,
published in 18W. $ ; -,..c-/.
A MAN'S HAT-A. 8.. City. If a lady
places a gentleman's hat upon her head
it Is generally understood that she is
willing to pay a forfeit for bo doing.
rO CORRESPONDENTS.— An«we» to «Qertea
•ent to this department are lent In aa soon as
obtained and they appear In print In th» order
that they are turned In, aa apace will permit.
Questions are easily asked, bat answers ar»
not easily obtained in every instance, so i:
correipondenta do not ¦<>« the anawer two or
threa days after they send la tb« query they
¦hould not feel disappointed.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NEW" TORK, April 29.-The following
Calif.ornif.ns are In New York: p
From San Francisco— B.C. Baldwin, at
Grand. Un'.on: A. H. Boomer at Gilsey; G.
D. Cooper, at Manhattan; C. J. Davis, at
Ashland: "William Field, at Manhattan: S.
Hertzroan, at Herald Square: R, Jackson,
at Victoria; W. Mason, at Manhattan: C.
McLaughlin. at Hoffman; E. H. Merrill, at
Imperial; F. S. . Miner, at Amsterdam;
Mrs. E. S.Xixcn, at Metropolitan: F. M.
Phelps, at Astor; A. H. Rechbergr. at Hoff
man; N. Schm'tt and wife, at Savoy; K.
W. Sewair, at Marlboroush; F. Zak, at
Hoffman; D. Bachrnan, at St. Cloud; J.
Tobin, at Holland. . '
From Los Angeles— H. Hlllman ana wife,
at Savoy. • • \
CAIiIFOB2TIANS IX UTETW YOKK.
Here, then, are instruments that promise to open to
the deaf all the wonderful world of sound. Such
things are, genuine blessings. There arc great pos
sibilities in the other exhibits, and their usefulness will
be large, but nothing that can be done for those who
have the full possession of all the' physical; senses
will be so truly marvelous as those whlch> are going
to help, the unfortunate and reveal to them the things
that have been hidden from them,
In the tests made during the evening of the exhibit
it is said the fac-simile telegraph instrument did not
v/ork well in an attempt to reproduce in New York
a picture made in Chicago, but it was explained the
failure was due to the fact that "the wires had been
rendered useless by too much induction", at the New
York .end. Tests made with other, inventions were
more successful. Some deaf mutes- were brought
from an asylum for th-. purpose of showing the efli-
cacy of the -akouphone, and the reports of the occa
sion say: "One of them, Oris. Benson, was both deaf
and blind. He cannot hear a gun shot off within a
yard of his head, only perceiving the vibration of air
caused thereby. It was his performance w;th the help
of the akouphone that interested the spectators. Alto- •
gclh'er * He has had but five hours of instruction
in talking. His vocabulary is limited to little more
than.'a dozen words. When Mr. Van Tasscll spoke to
him ! over the instrument it was wonderful to sec the;
expression of delight that spread over his previously ;
sad fa'qe, the smile that came seeming/almost to reach
lo the very qdges of. his flightless, dull eyes. In a
hollow, mechanical voice he repeated the things. .he
heard in the receiver of the akouphone. He said "bal
boy," "papa," and several short words. Then 'a,
gramophone was attached to the instrument and he
listened' to a gay march, smiling and beating, time
on the' table with his fingers." r 1 "'./-.
Other notable things exhibited were a fac-simtlc
telegraph instrument invented by H. R- Palmer for
transmitting, pictures and handwriting, a "telephcragc
carrier" for transporting freight in small bulk, va
rious appliances for improving the telephone, and a
new system for accomplishing long distance ocean
telephony. Two inventions of use in the education
of the deaf and blind were also notable. These were
the akouphone and akoulalion; invented lately by;M;
R. Hutchison. .They ire microtelephonic instruments,
so constructed as to reproduce and intensify sounds
and still preserve their quality. The akouphone is
portable, looks something like a pair of opera-glasses
with a telephone receiver attached, and may be taken
to the theater or other public place by a deaf person.'
The akoulalion, itsed-for similar purpose.?, is not. por- ;
table, but is used in the classroom for the teaching of
the deaf to talk. . ¦
The invention which attracted most attention is said
to have been a high. power electric light, invented
by Pet£r Cooper Hewitt! In the production of tho
lighta gas is used as the illuminating medium instead
of a film, as in the ordinary incandescent light. Mr.*
Hewitt's gas is mercury vapor.' .The lights, are long
and cylindrical in shape. At the bottom of each is
some mercury, from which/when the current of elec
tricity has been run through it, there issues the vapor
referred to. The. current; is transmitted to the , mer-'
cury,. direct, and not by means of the usual coil, for
which reason less power needed to produce the
same amount of light than is required in the old incan
descents. A most peculiar colored light is emitted
from the tubes. It is half purple, half green. This,
according to the explanation of the.' exhibitor, is a
disadvantage, but it 'can be obviated by the use of
counteracting colored shades. . • .
AT a recent meeting of the American Institute of
Electrical Engineers. at New York there was
given an exhibition of. various electrical ap
pliances recently invented or improved. It was in no
respect a general exhibit of electrical, work, but only
of such new things as interested' the engineers. -The
total number of exhibits was but thirty-two, and yet
the result of the exhibition as" a whole is reported to
have been marvelous;
ELECTRICAL INVENTIONS.
_Jn^l690 and 1691 French , Huguenot fefu
gces*sent to Bourbon arid Rodrigues found
their way to. Mauritius' arid ' gradually
ousted the Dutch, who abandoned, the isl
and finally, in 1712, ; saying: -"Alas, there
are -too many rats." The French 'took
possession of ''the-islarid In-1715 and again
altered its name to ."L'Isie de France."
The island then flourished exceedingly un
til the outbreak of. the French revolution
in 1789. From that date it enjoyed a
quasi-independence for several years.
However, during the war between Eng
land and Franco the island was used as
French Rule of Mauritius.
In estimating the position which Mauri
tius holds In ' the British ' colonial empire"
we must remember that it. is a heritage
of conquest of great historical , and polit
ical interest. It offers to the student of
biology a remarkable ¦ proof , of the value
of the intermingling of races. Portu
guese, ', Dutch, Malagasies, Africans,
French, English and Indians have . hero
.combined to produce a vigorous and pros
perous community. The island was dis
covered by the Portuguese . in 1505. They
gave it the' . name'; of "'.'Cerrie," but they
did not form ..any- permanent- settlement.
The Dutch visited the Island in 1598, -when
the admiral renamed It Mauritius,' after
his flagship: The first Dutch settlers were,
persons 'of doubtful ; "character^-convicta
from Batavia,; pirates i and 'buccaneers :qf
the Indian '¦main; ' The : :latter.were-the
real founders 'of much /of 'the wealth of
the .inhabitants. By ; them; slaves were
Introduced ..from 'Madagascar. : ¦ •-
The government of the colony durlngthe
earlier period of British possession was
vested in the Governor. The French Coun
cil of leading colonists was suppressed and
for some .years the inhabitants had no
voico whatever in the administration.
This system was gradually relaxed. The
elective principle In the Legislative Coun
cil was introduced in 1884 by the promulga
tion of a new constitution, which, while
leaving the colony strictly a crown col
ony—that- is to -say. under the superior
control of the Secretary of State for the
Colonies-gave. the island and its depend
encies a much more representative form
of government than that ordinarily en
joyed by crown colonies. The Legislative
Council was enlarged to twenty-seven
members, of whom eight were ex-offlcio,
nine nominated by the Governor and ten
.elected by the \ votes of those colonists
who were 'duly qualified. Two members
¦were assigned to Port Louis and one each
to the eight country districts, Art Execu
tlve Council of five members was also ap
pointed. The members of the Legislative
Council were all unpaid. This is the
present government of Mauritius and Its
de The d rtSmber of voters In 1898 was 6074.
¦This franchise Is' enjoyed by every -male
who has attained the age of 21 .on the fol
lowing conditions: First, that he is in full
possession of his civil rights and is not
subject to any legal penalty; second, that
he ia a British subject by birth or by
naturalization; third, that he has resided
at least for the last three years continu
ously in the colony. The property quali
fications are as follows: First, the pos3es-
Governnient of the Colony.
soryi State aid Is granted to all school3,
whether Creole or Indian." '';¦..'• r*"'
(COPYRIGHT, 190L) j
XI.— MAURITIUS— A HERITAGE OF CONQUEST.
. By Edgoumbe Staley, "ML. .A..
AUTHOR OF '.'THE ARMS AND BADGES OF THE BRITISH COLONIES."
How the Island of Mauritius, Now a Part
of the British Colonial Empire,- Has
Worked put Its Destiny. .
Prepared -by Experts and Specialists- for
- 1 ; The San Francisco Call; •.•.; .'
PAPERS 0N CURRENT TOPICS.
Two years ago two German missionaries were
killed by a mob, and for this Germany seized Kiao
chau.and the whole province of Shantung. Shortly
after, this outrage two Germans traveling 1 in the in
terior were driven back to the coast; for this the
German troops burned several villages and slaught
ered hundreds of men, women, and children.; Mr.
Smyth says truly that for the last few years 'China
has been subjected to insults and outrages that would
have driven any Western nation to war, Concluding,
he advises that "rlghteoufme&s and consideration. will
do more to secure our safety in; the future than heavy
indemnities the razjng of forts, prohibition of the im
port of Rrmp, or any ether meaiures that would re^
mind the Ghlneie people perpetually of the injustice
of foreigners and their own intolerable humlllfttton,"
That missionary talki like a Christian, There ihould
be more like him.
The next infamy by France in China, he says,
occurred at Shanghai ir. 1898. Just outside the French
settlement was a house of rest, what we would call
a receiving vault, belonging tcf the people of Ningpo,
where their dead rested until they could be sent back
for'burial with their fathers in their native city. The
building was held as sacred by the Chinese as we hold
cur God's acre. The French Consul wanted to buy
it to enlarge the grounds of U16 consulate, but the
trustees of the property did not wish to sell it.
Thereupon the .Consul proceeded to. tear down the
wall. The owners defended it and drove his work
men away. Whereupon he- landed a ; force from a
French man-of-war and shot dead twenty people in
the street who. were defending the property, tore it
down and took forcible possession and retains it to
this day. A more flagrant murder and robbery was
never committed by the Boxers. But it was not the
work of a-mob. It was done by an official represen
tative of France, and no reparation or apology has
ever been made to China or the owners of the prop
erty! '*''- : :. ¦ . .
Then France sent a fleet up the river Min and with
out notice, in a condition of profound peace between
her and China, proceeded to massacre three thousand
Chinese. For days the bodies of the dead floated
down the river. For this murder France never made
reparation or apology. Mr. Smyth says all foreign
ers in Foochow, except the French, • openly de
nounced this bloody infamy and posted notices on
their gates that they were not French.
Because some Chinese soldiers had gone over and
fought with the Tonquinese France demanded $16,
000,000 indemnity from China. When it is known
that subjects of France fought in the Confederate
army, and that American citizens are now fighting,
as soldiers' of fortune, in the forces of Dcwet against
Great Britain, and that the laws of war and of na
tions recognize no national responsibility in such
cases, the robber demand of France may be seen in its
true light. Of course China declined to pay, as the
United States would if England should make such a
demand of us. ., •
This murdering expedition was let loose by France
and Germany, of all nations! We have heretofore
gladly welcomed every one of the few Christian ex
prcssions of Christian ministers on the subject of the
treatment of China. This French and German butch
ery is illuminated by the statements of Rev. George
B. Smyth of the Methodist church, a native of Ire
land, reared in New York, a graduate of Yale and
president of the Anglo-Chinese College at Foochow,
himself a missionary. He says that sixteen years ago
there was perpetrated by France ten miles of
Foochow one of the crimes of the century.
Immediately, following this ascription to. the Chi
nese character " conies the news of shameful forays
jmong those people by the troops of Germany and
France. There is absolutely no evidence : that the
carnage at the Great Wall in, Kuolu. province last
week had any excuse .whatever.' -In a spirit of boast
ing and vainglory the commanders of France and
Germany report stubborn resistance and an engage
ment lasting eleven hours, in which they lost two men
killed, two slightly wounded and sixteen others in
jured! Now who believes that there was stubborn
resistance and eleven hours' fighting with such mea
ger results in the ranks of the invading force?. No
doubt there was an inhuman massacre of Chinese,
eleven hours of slaughter, that ceased only when the
butchers grew weary in the shambles.
AN -examination of the statement' of Minister
Conger discloses the highest tribute to the
Chinese, that it is possible to render to the
character of any people, present or past. He says
that the unknown and unaccounted for sums paid by
the towns and villages as indemnity to missionaries
for loss of life and destruction of property were paid
voluntarily. That implies a condition of. the public
conscience that should be the envy of the Western
nations. It means an admission of responsibility and
a desire to repair wrongs which, if generally copied,
would introduce the millennium. :, .,'
If a Chinese agent had gone about Wyoming ap
pealing to the conscience of the people for voluntary
payment of indemnity for the scores of Chinese
cruelly murdered there by a mob he would have been
sent after the victims in whose behalf he pleaded.
Ifce people of Louisiana would have" jeered in the
faces of any. representatives of Italy who would
hav« asked voluntary indemnity for the lives
of Italians taken by mobs in that State. In
no place where Western civilization lias fas
tened itself, and is living, as it believes", un
der the Decalogue and the Golden Rule, has such
an appeal in such a cause ever been' voluntarily
heeded It has been left to the followers of Confucius
to teach" the w,orld a lesson which should startle the
powers into an immediate manifestation of the high
est sense. of justice in dealing with China. We have
it on the unimpeached word of Minister Conger that
there is in China the highest civilization to be found
in. the ..world, if civilization mean, as it should, the
highest sensibility of the conscience of man.
A TRIBUTE TO CHINA.
Governor Gage, accompanied by Mrs.
Gage arrived from Southern California
last evening and Is at the Palace. He ex
pects to remain In the city several days*.
T. H. Stateler, who has been employed
by the Northern Pacific Railway for sev
eral years, leaves on May 1 for Duluth,
Minn., where he will fill the position of
passenger agent for the company.
B. V. Ellis of Hanford Is at the Palace.
David Starr Jordan Is at th£ Occidental.
Francis Carr of Redding is- at the Lick.
The Rev. Father McNamee is a guest at
the Lick.
C. A. Mead of Los Angeles is a ffuest at
the Occidental. , .
William - J. Rodes of Bakerafleld is a
guest at the Palace.
Jackson Hatch, an attorney of San Jose,
is staying at the Palace.
Paul C. Bates of Portland, Or., Is reg
istered at the Occidental.
F. H. Kennedy, an attorney of Stockton.
Is staying at the California.
M. C. Hast, a mining man of Prescott,
Ariz., Is a guest at the Grand.
Thomas H. Thompson, a merchant of
Tulare.is registered at the Lick.
Senator H. V. Morehouse of San Jose
Is spending a few days at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Spreckels and Miss
Asnes Spreckels have gone to Del Monte
for a short stay. V;;^
S. W. Courtenay, an official of the
Southern Pacific Company, with head
quarters at Sacramento, is at the Cali
fornia.
PERSONAL MENTION.
.Now, when President MoKinley comes from that
sort of thing to the glow and beauty, of California lie
is* going to have something like the experience of a
man who finds a new world. There has been no kid
naping of "spring in this State. The season has come
with its rains and its f'bvyers'and the whole State :s
cool, fragrant and beautiful. By the time the Presi
dent gets back to the East he will find the country
sweltering in the. torrid heat of 'an Eastern summer.
Then he will wish he had stayed. in California untii
fall. 1 ./ «.-"¦. : .¦:"."'¦ ; " • ¦» •' • '
The. Philadelphia; Record i presents the situation in
that section in this way: /'Spring, beautiful spring,
must have entered this year :. under,.. the sign of
Aquarius — rain all night, rain and wind all day. As
a result angry streams at flood tide are careering ram
pant over the -adjacent lands, sweeping away the stout
est works of man like so many fragile houses, of cards.
So much for wholesale deforestation— an evil against
which this generation scorns to make due provision,
although destruction and ruin be the penalty of neg-
lcct" \', / r^- ' ¦¦ ¦ .' •-":"¦"¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
ccaled .the. sky and a constant suggestion oi»' moisture
filled the, air. during the f6renoon.:^The iocal forecast
is for cloudy but generally, fair weather ; to-night and
to-morrow, with northeast winds." -. .'..'•'
THE SAiN FRAyCISGO; CALL,f TUESDAY, APKIL 30, 1901
TUESDAY ...!.., '.. .: ......APRIL 30, i9<H
"JOHN Q SPftECKELS, Proprietor.
. ; AMnsi All Common' ettioni t> W. 8. LEAKS, Manager.
Pt'BLICATIOIT OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F..
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS 217 <o 221 SteTenaon St.
;.;<-¦'. Telephone Press 202. .
Delivered l»r Carrien, 15 Cent! Per Weefc.
Single Copies, 6 Cents.
• Terms or Mail, Including Postages
•>AILT CAL.I* Onduelns Sunday), one tear W.M
PAILT CALL Onelndtns Sunday), 6 month* 8-W
X>AILT CALL, (including Sunday). S months l.M
DAILY CALL— By Single Month « 50
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear *- M
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
arubBcrlptlona.
Eax&ple copies will be j forwarded when requested.
Mall KubserTbers In ordering chanre of addreMi should be
particular to glvt> both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS to order
to insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE: ,...1118 Broadway
* C GEORGE KnOGXESS.
Kiaiger Fertign Ainrtlsiftg. Kirjnette BsUding. Chic»g».
(Lore Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
ft .
• REW TORK BEPRESENTATIVE:
C C CAKI/TOX Herald Sanare
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
«»»,-n.v Htl! Hotel. !
6
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters excite th» ap-
petite and prepare the stomach for its work. A
half wineglass before ' meals. Get'Slegert'a,
¦nHBBaMBBBBBSsTCmBMaBBasansjBiWMMlH
Dr. Sanford's Idyer Invlgorator.
Best Liver . Medlclne.VegetableCurefor Ltver Ills.
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria.*
Copies mar be had- by -sending 10 cents in
stamps to the General Agent, Santa Fe. at
641 Market street. San Francisco.
The Santa Fe has lust issued a beautiful
booklet descriptive of San Francisco and vicin-
ity, lavishly, illustrated with artistic half-tones
and a. number Of up-to-date maps.
A Book on San Francisco.
Begtnnltitf May 1 Btoddard A Bon will fun a
dally stage line from Merced to Yosemlta Falls,
connecting with the California limited. L«av-
Ing San Francisco at" 9 a. m. to-day you ar«
at Yoaemlte Falls to-morrow afternoon at 5.
The rate Is J21 SO from Ban Francisco for th«
round trip, carrying you by way of Merced
bis trees. sflHMnlMsVBB
The Santa ITe to YoBemlte.
A wl(« may be a husband's bAtatie^
wheel, «ut hd usually wrtnt» tr> operate
the brnke.
< §peet*»J infermftUrtn supptted daily t .»
buslneM heu^i | and pttblie men by the
i'r^s C'lttiP nif 11tif«*aii (Allan's), W iur\\*
gstnery street. T«t«tjhr)ti0 Main 1012, «
T9wr»P«>nfffl CftUfornla s!a«e fruits, 60« 4
pound, 'n flre'0tPh6rt rmx««i bp jap ba S ,
Gal, «laee frutt Mo per Ib nt Townseind 1 *,*
Gholeo fftntlJea, TownaeniJ's, Pftjaee Hot9l #
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Call »nb»rribcr» rontfmplatlnc a change «t
resideaee daring the tammer months can hard
the-lr paper fornardrd bj- mall to -their nerr
ftdtlrftrro by nottfytita* The Call Ilmlnena Offlcc.
Tala pa^cr n 111 Also be on sale at all lammer
resorts and Is represented br a local «ccnt lit
all toTru* ob the coast.
AUCTION SALES. *
By S. TTatklns— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 220
Valencia street. . •
Auction sale of Horses at 114J Folsom Btreet. «.t 11 o'clock.
AIOmSEMEJCTS.
GranS Ot>ers.-housf— "Mr. Barnes of Uew York.
California— "A Bachelor's Romance. "
Central— "Ten Xtehts In a Barroom."
Tivcli— "Tl-.e Idor» Eye."
Orpheurn— Vaudeville.
Columbia-' 'Sag Harbor," Monday n«lt. ¦ •
Alcszar— "The Conauerort."
Ob-mpla. corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Special ties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Father's— i'audeviile. . •
Emeryville Ttacetrafk— Races to-day. 1Will Prove a Dear Smoke.
Thomas Conway, a young man, was
convicted of burglary in the second de
gree by a jury in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday for* breaking into a sun store
at 703 California street, February 5, and
stealing revolvers and guns. "William
Russell, who was charged with the same
offense, pleaded guilty when arraigned
two weeks ago. Both will be sentenced
Saturday.
Convicted^pf Burglary.
Judge Cabaniss promptly dismissed the
jury, after announcing that he considered
the complaint faulty even before the trial
was commenced. As the complaints in
the other cases are similar, Attorney Col
lins intends to-day to move for the dis
missal of the rest of the defendants.
"In explanation of the verdict," he re
marked, "we concluded that the complaint
was faulty and for that reason, we de
cided to acauit the defendanti"
A short time af terward the Jury filed
Into the court room, having agreed on
a verdict. When asked th© usual ques
tion: "Gentlemen, have you agreed on a
verdict?" the foreman, James Wightman,
arose and announced that the Jury found
the defendant "Not . guilty." ¦
' Judge Cabaniss delivered his charge to
the jury shortly ' after . 4 o'clock. About
an hour later the Jury " returned to the
court room and asked for additional in
structions. Judge Cabaniss had the short
hand reporter re-read - the charge, and
then ordered the Jury locked up. One ot
the Jurors wanted the cburt to read th©
instructions submitted to him by the at
torney for the defense, but his request
was denied.
Attcrney George Collins, who repre
sented the defendant, maintained that no
crime had been committed, as the prose
cution had failed to establish whether or
not Roache had sold a ticket on a race.
Furthermore, he claimed, that the com
plaint .was faulty inasmuch as It did
not state sufficient facts to constitute the
crime. of selling pools outside of tha ln
closure of a race track.
Roache and a number of other men -were
recently arrested by Captain Wittman and
posse and charged with selling pools out
skfl of a race track. ; ." i"
"Not guilty" was the verdict o\f a Jury
in Judge Cafcanlss' court yesterday In tho
case of J. H. Roache, charged with sell
ing pools on the races.
A Jury Acquits Him as the
Complaint Is Found
Defective.
"Not Guilty" Is the Ver
dict in the Roache '
Case.
POOLMEN WIN
A BIG VICTORY
TO SAIL.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 29— Stmr New
York, from Southampton; stmr Grosse Fuerst.
from Bremen. April 27— Stmr Friesland, from
Antwerp.
Arrived April 29— Stmr Sicilian, from Glas
gow. -;-i^
BRISBANE— Arrived . April 27— Stmr Mio
wera, from Vancouver, B C, via Honolulu, for
Sydney. NSW.
MOVILLE— Arrived April 29— Stmr Astoria,
for Glassrow, and proceeded.
NEWPORT NEWS— Arrived April 29— Stmr
Callfornlan, from San Francisco, via Honolulu,
Hllo, Coronel and St Lucia, and sailed for
Philadelphia. ¦
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived April 29— Stmr
Vaderland, f rtfm New York. .
GLASGOW— Arrived April 29— Stmr Assyrian,
from New York.
LONDON— Arrived April 2&— Stmr Minneapo
lis, from New York.
NAPLES— Arrived April . 29— Stmr Western
Land, from New York.
• NEW YORK— Arrived April 29— Stmr Minne
liaha, from London.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HULL— Sailed March 15— Br ship Penthesilea,
for San Francisco, via Tyne.
SHANGHAI— Sailed March 15— Br bark Ab
erstwyth Castle, for Eureka.
TABLE BAY— Iti port April 4— Ger bark
Gustav and Oscar, for Port Townsend.
ACAPULCO— Sailed April (0— Br bark Mary
A Troo:\ for Port Townsend.
NAGASAKI-Sailed prior I to April 27— Ship
John A Hrlces. for Port Townsend.
SYDNEY— Arrived April 9— Ship .Challenger,
hence March 6.
NANAIMO— Arrived April 29-»Br stmr Milton,
from San Dieco. ' *
SALINAS CRUZ— Arrived April 17— Bktn
Quickstep, from Everett.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 2fr-Br ship Hut
ton Hall, hence Dec 25. April 28— Fr . bark
Grande Duchesse Olga, hence April 30, 1900,
via Papeete.
DEAL— Passed .April 27— Fr bark Anjou,
from Shields, for Ban Francisco.
SHIELDS-Sailed April 25-Br ship Cam
brian Hills, for San Francisco.
MELBOURNE- Arrived April 2S— Bark Eu
terpe, hence Feb 10.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived April 2^-Bark
Oregon, from Delagroa Bay.
In port March 6— Fr bark Marie, for San
Francisco. " '.
SWANSEA— In port March 29— Br ship Afon
Alaw, for San Francisco.
BARRY— In port April 4— Fr bark Edouard
Detallle, for San Francisco.- ¦ . . .
HIOGO— Sailed March 30— Br ship Liverpool,
FOREIGN PORTS.
and Aloha, for Alaska.
Sailed April 2S— Stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay;
Jap stmr Tozo Maru, for Yokohama.
Sailed April 29 — Stmr. Jeanle, for Nome; stmr
Nome City, for Nome.
Beer is not the only beverage sold at
wholesale rates. "Wine that would create
a row at a camp-meeting and whisky, one
drink of which would make a church dea
con go wrong, can be had by the bottle
at a rate which in itself Is enough to prove
its origin. —
These saloon men are acting within the
law and feel perfectly safe in dealing
out the liquids "by the can or bottle."
They thus rid themselves of a noisy
crowd, for the man who purchases takes
his liquid refreshments to. the "gang" and
it is not unusual to see a number of sol
diers stretched out on the grass with an
empty can plainly in view.
The saloons owned by 0. Welnhold and
M. Rehfeld are particular objects of affec
tion to the soldier, who Is compelled to
patronize such places since the closing of
the canteen. The proprietors of. these
places will furnish a can of any dimen
sion, provided the soldier has the price of
its contents. They will also send a small
boy to bring back the "growler."
By means of the "growler" system the
soldier obtain** twice the quantity of beer
his money would purchase over a bar, ob
tains a "jag" in half the time it takes to
get one -in a saloon and affords the public
a chance to view the result of the closing
of the canteen. ' •• * o "
Pretty soon you will see a faded cam
paign hat passed around, numerous
hands dive into pockets arid then a soldier
rises, takes the can, enters a corner
saloon, comes back and the same scene
is repeated. • ¦• ?"¦/- ,••
All this Is due to the efforts of the
Police Commissioners to close the saloons
near the Presidio. The cans are obtained
in' the saloons closed by order of . the
Commissioners. The proprietors will not
sell you a glass of beer, but they have no
objection to selling you a can of it, which
means that they know the difference be
tween a wholesale and a retail license.
If you have ! not the can - they will fur
nish you with one, and also a glass or two
to take alone with you.
.Watch the bearer of the can closely and
you will see him make a "bee line" for a
knot of soldiers squatted on the hillside.
If you care to see the finish of the can
you will soon see It uplifted by a pair of
brawny arms. If you are . close enough
you will hear a pair of lips smack and If
you remain long enough you will hear a
dozen pairs smacked. /; ,v.
The Combination of a soldier's thirst and
the natural desire of '.a saloon-keeper to
cater to that thirst has resulted in a
queer state of affairs at the Presidio. The
first thing that meets the eye at the en
trance to the reservation is a long line of
blue-clad forms emerging from numerous
doorways and armed with tin receptacles.
The leasf stumble or misstep. on the part
of the blue-clad ones shows that the "can"
contains the beverage dear to the soldier's
heart— foaming steam. .
Soldiers Furnished Cans to
Carry Beer to the
Hillsides.'
License and Sell
/Wholesale.
SALOONS OPEN
AT PRESIDIO
TUESDAY. APRIL 30.
Remorse was the cause of Mrs. Esther
Sowls taking a dose of poison yesterday.
She came here from HolHster a short time
ago and was engaged by Dr. Matters of
1002 Polk street as a trained nurse. She
neglected her duty Sunday night and It
so preyed upon her mind- that she'com
mitted suicide. She swallowed a mixture
of laudanum, morphine and strychnine,
and it caused her death a few hours later
at-the Receiving Hospital, to which place
she was removed. .
Remorseful Woman Takes Poison.
$10 35. San Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage, including meals and
berth. Only twenty-six hours en route.
Steamer Santa Rosa or Queen from
Broadway wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel. - • ¦:"
Low 'Bates — Improved Service.
Committee of Arrangements Named.
The Past Presidents' Association of the
Native Sons of the Golden West held a
large and enthusiastic meeting last Satur
day evening. Several of the delegates re
turning from the recent session of the
Grand Parlor at Santa 'Barbara were ini
tiated. A committee of nine members of
the association, consisting of D. Q. Troy,
chairman; Henry Lunstedt. T..p. Martin.
William A. King, C. H. Turner, P. G. du
Pv Henry Stern, C. T. Rose and J.
Emmet Hayden>. was appointed to make
arrangements for the celebration of Ad
mission day. -?¦'-:-!>"
Barbers' Union. Desires Enforcement
of Schlesinger Bill Passed by
the Legislature. .
Local Union No. 148 of the Journeymen
Barbers' International Union of America
held an enthusiastic meeting last night
at the lodge room, 32 O'Farrell street,
more than 300 members being present.
President Blieby initiated seventy-six
candidates, thus bringing the membership
of the union to more than 1000. The initia
tion fee hereafter will be $5, and forty-six
applicants still remain to be passed upon
under the old rate of admission.
The meeting decided to appoint a com
mittee of two members to communicate
with Governor Gage and ask that he se
lect the members of the Barbers' Commis
sion authorized under the Schlesinger bill
passed by the Legislature. Messrs. Au
bertine and Wray were appointed by the
president to act on the committee. The
action of the union at the previous meet
ing, indorsing the new schedule of rates
adopted by the boss barbers, was ratified.
The new rates will go into effect to-mor
row morning.
President Blieby appointed the following
members to serve as a funeral committee:
E. J. Salisbury, F. Bradtourn, H. C.
White, C. W. Dorworth, W. Finch and H.
Jars. A number of shops 1 were reported
as violating the rules of the union, and
the grievance committee was instructed to
make Investigation. Among the candi
dates admitted last night were the em
ployes of the Palace Hotel shop.
WHiL ASK THE GOVERNOR
TO APPOINT COMMISSION
» i s.
• The copious raind'of the last forty-eight
hours have extended over a wide area of
California. The abundant showers mols-:
tened the regions which sto^d in greatest
need of" rain. '
A well-known farmer from Salinas de
clared yesterday that the rain wpuld add
a million bags of wheat and barley to tha
crops of the Salinas Valley.
Senator "William M. Cutter, who. ar
rived from the upper Sacramento River
region last night, said the ample rain was
greatly needed and would benefit beyond
calculation that section of California.
The showers In the San Joaquin Valley
were not as freauent or as, copious as
those which saturated the fields of North
ern California, but the rain which dm
fall was a blessing, and it came when it
was greatly needed.
The Napa. Sonoma and Santa Clara val
leys were moistened amply. The hay and
grain 'will be greatly benefited.
Southern Pacific Railroad reports for
twenty-four hours, ending Monday at 8
a. m., show the following precipitation:
San Francisco, 2.35 inches; Niles, 1.97; Stock
ton, 0.95; Brighton, 2.0O; Napa, 2.08; Vacaville,
1.75; Santa Rosa, 1.94,; Sacramento, 1.80; Wil
lows, 1.02; Placervill?, 1.75; Redding, 2.75; Red
Bluff, 1.10; San Mateo, 1.45; San Jose, 1.10;
Gilroy, 1.23; Holllster, 0.56; Pajaro, 0.56; Wat
sonville, 0.57: Monterey, 0.52; Castrovllle," 1.18;
Salinas, 0.7$; Kings 'City, 0.28;' San Miguel,
0.53, and San Luis Oblspo, 0.54,
Rain was falling over a wide area at
the time the reports were wired to this
city. - ¦
Stockmen and farmers were rejoicing
all day yesterday. The rain which fell
in such abundaoit showers will freshen
the • grasses and prolong good pasturage
in many sections where the grass was get
ting dry, thin and short. What was lost
to the State in. recent visits of the frost
will be more than made good by the gen
erous April rain.
The Moisture '-Will- Add Im
mensely to the Crops *
of California*
Copious April Showers
Vastly '"Benefit the
State.
RAINS MOISTEN
EXTENSIVE AREA
NOTE — In the above exposition ; of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides. of the
day In the order . of ! occurrence as to time of
day the third time column gives. the last tide
of the . day. except when there 'are but three
tide?, as sometime* occurs. The heights given
arc In addition to the soundings on the United
DUTCH HARBOR-Arrived March 23-Stmr
Thistle, hence March 9. " ¦
KODIAK— Arrived March 31— Stmr Afognak
hence March 17. - " \ '
PRINCE WILLIAM SOUND— Arrived April
13— Bark Fresno, hence March -16.
CASPAR— Arrived April 29— Stmr Fulton h'nc
A^ril 28.
Sailed April 28 — Stmr Luella, for San' Pedro
SAN PEDRO-Sallcd April 27— Schr Sadie'
for San Francisco. '
Sailed April 29— Schr Meteor, for FortjTown-
TILLAMOOK^Arrlved April 2S— Stmr Sco
tia, hence April 24.
VENTURA-^Arrived April 29-Stmr Grace
Dollar, from Grays Harbor. '
Sailed April 20— Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Pedro. ¦
EUREKA— Arrived April 29— Stmrs' Pomona
South Coast and Brunswick, hence -April 2S"
schr Bertie Minor, hence April 26.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived April 29— Stmr Chico
hence April 26. -. r ¦¦¦-,...
Sailed April 29— Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisco: schr Bertha Dolbeer.' for Eureka."
ASTORIA— Sailed April 29— Br Btmr. Indra
velli, for Yokohama. tr>~jft"i|jl"mwni
SIUSLAW RIVER— Arrived April 24— Schr
"Wing and Wing, hence April ¦ 1. ¦, -
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 27— Schr
Vega, for San Francisco: stmr Santa Barbara,
for San Pedro. -'
COOS BAY— Barbound April 29— Stmr' Arcata.
POUT • HADLOCK- Arrived April 29— Stmr
Robert ¦ Dollar, from Seattle.' •
SEATTLE— Arrived April 2S— Stmrs ¦ Senator
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT IXIBOS. Auri! 23. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind SIC. velocity 26 miles per hour.*
TELEGRAPHIC.
G<;r ship Otto Gildermeister was sold to-day
April 29, at public auction to Captain Ellis
of Portland. Or, for $26,100. ¦
KOBE, April 29— Am ship R D Rice, from
Philadelphia, for H logo, took fire in Kobe and
became a total loss.
MISCELLANEOUS.
> SAILED.
Monday, April 29.
Stmr Noyo, Thwing. Eureka.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen. .
Stmr San Juan, Robinson, Panama and way
ports. " . t
Stmr Samoa, Gunderson. :. w.--:'
Stmr National City, Dettmers, .
Nor slmr Tttania. Egenes. Nanalmo.
Brfr Tanner, Newhall. . . .
Schr Una. Harklns. Chlsnlk Bay. '
CLEARED.
Monday, April 2D.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall
Perkins &• Co.
Stmr San Juan. Robinson, Panama; Pacific
Mail Steamship Co.
Br ship Criccleth Castle. Da vies, Queens
town; Epplnger & Co.
Monday, April 29.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 25 hours from Cleone.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, S2 hours from
Seattle. .
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Conullle Klver, Green. 72 hours from
Gray3 Harbor.
Br stmr Peru. Newton. 39 days from Val
paraiso, via Panama 22 days, Via Mazatlan 6
days.
Fr bark Brenn, Jammot, Del Cupper, 100
days from Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 6 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 6 days from Bodega,
Scnr Newark, Crangle, 20 hours from Stew
arts Point.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.
April 29, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the now Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
JCOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at, both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. '
Sun, ¦ Moon and Tide.
fL. H. B. bulletin No. 118. par. 63.)
This notice afreets the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1901," page 16. No.
38. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
clflc Coast. 1901," page 25.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON,
Rear Admiral. U. S. N., Chairman.
The light is located on the northerly side
of the entrance to Karquines Strait and on the
easterly side of the entrance to Napa Creek
from San Pablo Bay.
Notice is hereby given that on or about Hay
15, 1901. the intensity of this light will be
increased by changing It from a post-lantern
to a lens-lantern light.
MARE ISLAND STRAIT SHOAL BEACON
Xorth Point buoy Xo. V,i. page 84, a black.
second class can, 12C0 feet to the northward
of its station.
North Ledge buoy No. 6. a red, second class
nun, about . 600 feet to the northward of its
station.
The foregoing buoys will be replaced on their
stations es early as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAT,
Commander. U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Notice is hereby given that the following
named buoys haxe dragged from their posi
tions, which affect the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 13C1:
Coply Reef buoy No. 1, page 84, a red, third
class can. 12C0 feet to the northward of Its
station.
WRANGEL STRAIT. ALASKA.
Notice to Mariners.
The British ship Criccleth Castle cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 62.S07
ctls wheat, valued at JS7.520. and 18,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, valued at $270.
Wheat Shipment
Cargo on the Australia.*
The steamer Australia cleared Saturday for
Tahiti with a general cargo, manifested and
valued up to 3 p. m. yesterday as follows: G327
lbs bran, £3 crs bicycles and sundries. 14 bdls
brooms, 24 csks bottled beer, 26 bbls beer in
bulk. 26,577 tins bread, 12.217 lbs beans.v 1C8 cs
canned goods, 14 cs candles. 3S colls cordage,
2223 lbs coffee. 55 cs dry good*. 25 cs drugs, 29
pkgs fruit. 1064 bbls flour, 12S2 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 11 pkgs glassware, 9S pkgs fur
niture, 227 cs hardware, 13 pkgs lamp goods,
51.287 ft lumber, 56 pkgs machinery, .23 pkgs
millwork, 62 keps nails and spikes, 13 cs oil,
14 bales oakum; 57 crs potatoes. 25 cs paint.
13 bdls pipe. 28.49ft lbs rice, 17,642 lbs sugar. GS
cs shoes. 78,000 shingles, 12 crs sewing ma
chines. 271 cs 'soap, 114 cs 21 pkgs salmon, 7617
lbs salt. 120 bdls shakes, 16 bdls steel, 24 pkgs
eaddlery. 1040 lbs tea. 34 pkgs vegetables. 10 cs
5772 gals wine.'lS2 crs wagon material, 10 colls
wire. 187 ctls barley. Value, $31,252. \
For Central America — 14 coils cordage, 500
bbls cement, 10,050 gals coal oil, 21 cs canned
goods. 87 pkgs dry goods, 15 bales drugs, 2660
bbls flour, 344 pkgs groceries and provisions,
S3 pkgs hardware. 770 lbs hops. S4SS ft lumber,
Z3.13S lbs malt. 25.94S lbs rice, 100 bales news
paper, 11 pkgs millwork, 57 pkgs machinery.
200 kegs powder. 1S1 crs potatoes, 32 bdls pipe,
16 cs paste, 7 cs stationery, 14,940 lbs tallow,
5S pkgs locomotives and parts. 19 crs sewing
machines. }0 cs salmon. 40.000 lbs salt, S3 keg*
staples. 1360 reels barbed wire, 190 cs 9i bbls
whisky. 7$ cs 2534 gals wine.
For Mexico— 25 cs blasting fuse, 120 fisks
quicksilver, 128 rals wine. 3 cs drugs, 48 bdU
shocks. 20 kegs spikes, 10 kegs rivets, 99S coils
barbed wire.
for Panama— 1510 gals wine, SO bdls snooks,
125 bbls flour.
In transit for Panama— ESI cs silk, valued at
$1200.
The steamer San Juan sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with cargo valued at
537,237, manifested as follows: For Central
America, $47,153; Mexico, $9273; Panama, $SS5.
The cargo Included the following:
Cargo on tha Panama Steamer.
The French bark Brenn was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat to Europe. 37s 6d.
The British bark Hawthornbank was char
tered prior to arrival for wheat rrom Tacoma
to Europe, 41s 2d.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
vessel repaired, after which sne loaded a
general cargo for Australia.
The Pacific Mail Company's San Juan
sailed for Cential American ports yester
day. She took away a large cargo, but
few passengers.
The Kosmos liner Tanis will sail to-mor
row for Hamburg via Central and South
American ports. She will take away a
very large cargo, principally flour, wine
and canned goods.
The schooner Wing and Wing of the
overdue fleet has arrived at Siuslaw.
Sunday's storm did some damage to the
cofferdam at the new Hunters Point dry
dock. It was nothing serious, however.
The new engine-house is nearly completed
and the tunnel connecting the old dock
with the new pumping plant will be ready
for use in a few days.
Captain George F. Bills, representing 1
a San Francisco syndicate, purchased the
dismasted German ship Otto GildemeisLer
yesterday for $26,100. It is the intention
of the syndicate to go regularly into the
shipping business and the GiJdemeister
will form the nucleus of its fleet. Cap
tain Ellis was formerly in the sealing
LuFiness. but gave up seal hunting to hunt
for eold in the Klondike. He was won
cerfully successful and later sold out all
his interests for a considerable sum. The
Gildemeister will probably be rerigged
here and placed under the Chilean flag.
When the dismasted vessel was put up
at auction yesterday Lorentz Foard made
the first offer of 515,000. Captain Ellis
raised the bid $250. and Henry Rosenfeld
went him ?259 better. Messrs. Ellis and
Rosenfeld had it to themselves until 525.000
was reached, when the latter dropped out
and George Hume took up the running.
Mr. Hume quit at 520,000 and Captain Ellis
secured the vessel with another $100 offer.
Tht- " Gildemeister was regularly con
demned as a total constructive loss and
the insurance companies settled on a
SCii.CCO basis as the value of the ship. The
remains of the vessel thus became the
property of the underwriters and \t was
by that body she was sold yesterday. In
the circumstances the reinsurance gam
blers lose their money and all they can
do is to pay up and look pleasant.
Australia Sails at Noon To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company s
Australia will not get away for Tahiti un
til noon to-day. When the vessel came in
from Papeete there was something the
matter with one of the steam pipes. The
carnage was located in such a spot that
only one man at a time could work on the
repairs. This was the cause of the post
ponement of the departure of the mail
boat from day to day. Among those who
will leave on the Australia are G. L. Ken
nedy and wife, F. S. Samuels, wife and
daughter, and J. S. Huichinson, Mrs. Jo
seph Hutchlnson and Miss Kate Hutchin
son. Mr. Kennedy " is a wealthy Tahiti
planter. Mr. Samuels is one of the di
rectors of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany, and Mr. Hutchinson is president of
the Canadian P.ank of Commerce.
The Australia will take away a large
general cargo, twelve second cabin pas
sengers and forty Chinese in the steerage.
The Brenn and Indrapura.
The French s bark Brenn and British
tramp steamer Indrapura are curiosities
in their way. The wind jammer has a
regular mena&crJe on beard, while the
tramp Is manned by Lascars, Arabs, Ma
lays. Chinese and Japanese. Captain de
Kupper of the Brenn has been gathering
his curios for years, and the after part of
the bark is now crowded with furs,
¦words, guns, spears, bows and arrows
and shells, while about the decks walk,
or run emus, wallabys, dogs, cats, a
&*.nraroo, parrots, magpies and a laugh
iSff Jackass. "
Tha Brenn was tied up for six months In
JCpwenstle, Australia, and during that
time the crew taught the animals and
birds some amusing tricks. The vessel
was nearly 100 days getting here owing to
her bottom being very foul, so the men
continued their teaching, and now the
parrots can swear in three languages.
while the emu is the most accomplished
thief unhung.
The Indraqura secured her rnlxed crew
in Calcutta. They will be carefully
guarded while the vessel is in port so
that none of them can escape. The steam
c-r wiis quarantined because for the month
prior to her leaving Calcutta there had
been '£% deaths from bubonic plague. The
vessel, cargo and crew were thoroughly
fumigated at the quarantine station last
Sunday. ¦
Water Front Notes.
The American ship Challenger arrived
at Sydney, N. S. W., yesterday in one of
the best runs of the season. She left Co
roox, B. C. -last December for Kahului
¦with a cargo at coal, but was dismasted
in a gale and had to put In here in dis
tress. The coal was sold here and the
THE OTTO GILDEMEISTER SOLD.
will be two steamships
j j named Peru In port to-morrow.
| £ One is the crack flyer of the Pa
li cific Steam Navigation Company's
fleet and the other belonsrs to the
Pacific Mail Company.
The San, Francisco owned Peru is on her
way here from Central America, and
on her arrival xrlll be transferred to the
China trade, taking the place on the regu
lar ECh«MJule of the Rio de Janeiro.
The South American owned Peru ar
rived yesterday from Valparaiso via
Panama and Central American ports. She
is Z—l tons gross burden, S50 feet long, 43
feet beam and 19 feet deep. The other
Peru, built at the Union Iron Works, is
252S tons gross burden, 336 feet long. 45
feet S Inches beam and 27 feet 6 inches
cetp. Both vessels are very much alike
and |t would be h-rd to tell them apart
were it not for the . -ricane deck on tha
South American vestt..
The Pacific Steam Xavisration Com
pany's Peru made the run from Valpa
raiso in thirty-nine days, via Panama
twenty-two and Mazatlan five days.
Captain H. Hooker, her regular com
mander, was taken sick just before sail
ing day. so Captain W. E. ICewton brougrht
her north. The Peru sails again on May
5 and will take away over 2000 tons of
freight for Central and South American
ports. The following were her cabin pas
sengers:
G. A. D. WulS. I. Perkins Shanks. Mrs. I.
Perkins Shanks, L L. Thorndike. A. Thorn
dike, E. Galup. A. Field, Mrs. A. Field, A.
Duran y Rivas, Pablo Bes. E. C. Shanks,
Joseph A. Fernandez. Vorberto Balllna. Ad
hetnar Bes, Alexander Thomalen, Joseph
I>:a.nci, George Shanks, Miss Clara Gates, F.
Gctvan, Mrs. F. Cowan, Emil Bes, John M.
Dean. Joseph Valenzuela, Miss Kthel Shanks,
I. McLean. Luis Gebert, Marsh D. I ekes,
Joseph Vasquez.
THE! IS AN FRANCISCO" CAlJLi, TUESDAY, 30. 1901.
Pacific Steam Navigation Company's Peru Arrived From Soiith
America, While Pacific Mail Company's Peru Will Be Due
From Central American Ports To-Morrow— Curios on the Brenn
TWO MAIL STEAMSHIPS WITH SAME
NAME ARE TRADING TO THIS PORT
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY'S PERU. WHICH ARRIVED FROM VALPARAISO. CHILE. YESTER
DAY. IX THE FOREGROUND AND PACIFIC MAIL COMPANY'S PERU, DUE FROM CENTRAL AMERICA TO
MORROW. BOTH VESSELS LOOK VERY MUCH ALIKE AT A DISTANCE.
t Steamer Movements.
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Captain Dunlevy filed a charge with" the
Police Commissioners yesterday against
Policeman Hir»tn G-. Smith. The police
man is accused of having smoked a pipe
between the hours of 3 and 5 o'clock of
the afternoon 'of April 27 in the wharf
inger's office. Union street wharf, instead
of attending to his duty.
LIGHT.
7
Sun rises
Sun 6c-ts
Moon sets ../. 3:20 a
ITlmcl - ITIroe Time Time
Date) 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. —
(l, W H.W . , L W I II W
20 3:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50
1 "' 4:03 0.7 10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0 10:20
2 " 4:41 0.4 11:31 4.C 4:20 2.2 10.44
3 * . 5:l. r . 0.1 12:16 4.6 4:53 2.5 11:03
4 ' 5:50 0.0 1:00 4.r» 5:25 2.8 11:33
5*" C:2C ..0.2 1:45 4.5 6:00 • S.O
' H W IL \V H W L :W
6 0:04 5.51 7:05—0.21 2:30 4.4 .6:40
.5:15
..6:53
,. in.
Ft.
6.6
5.7
5.6
S.6
/.6
••-
"3.2
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.J Pier.
April 3O. II
Australia Tahiti direct 13 m Pier 1
S. Portland.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pro PJer 15
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 1]
May 1.
Tanis Hamburg & Way.. 10 am Pier 2}
Argo Coqullle River .... 12 m Pier 5
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier {
Queen San Dtego ; 9 am Pier II
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Tier J
Dora.' Nome via: Seattle. 2 jm Pier -
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
May 2.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
May 3.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier £
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Nippon Maru. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier Si
May 4.
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier I
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier S
Mny 5.
Santa. Rosa.. San Diego ......... 9 am] Pier 11
May 6.
Umatllla 'Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Sierra : Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr. 30
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr. 30
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 30
Arcata. Coos Bay Apr. 3D
Argo Coqullle River Apr. 30
Matteawan Tacoma May 1
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma May 1
Pomona Humboldt May 1
Peru E'anama & Way Ports May 1
Corona. Newport May 1
Coronado San Pedro :..: May 1
W. H. Krueer.. San Pedro May 1
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... May 2
Santa Rosa San Diego .. May 3
Point Arena Point Arena May 2
North Fork Humboldt May 3
Arsryll IN. Y. via Panama May 3
San Pedro 'Humboldt May 3
Adato iPortland May 4
Eureka jHumboldt May. 4
Mandalay Coqullle River ...May 4
Washtenaw.... i Tacoma May 4
Milton INanaimo May 4
G. W. Elder... 1 Portland & Astoria.... May G
Denderah Hamburg & Way Ports May 5
Bonita 'Newport May 5
Queen San DIeso May 5
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.J Pier.
April 3O. II
Australia Tahiti direct 13 m Pier 1
S. Portland.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pro PJer 15
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 1]
May 1.
Tanis Hamburg & Way.. 10 am Pier 2}
Argo Coqullle River .... 12 m Pier 5
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier {
Queen San Dtego ; 9 am Pier II
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Tier J
Dora.' Nome via: Seattle. 2 jm Pier -
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
May 2.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
May 3.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier £
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Nippon Maru. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier Si
May 4.
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier I
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier S
Mny 5.
Santa. Rosa.. San Diego ......... 9 am] Pier 11
May 6.
Umatllla 'Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Sun rises
Sun 6c-ts
Moon sets ../. 3:20 a
ITlmcl - ITIroe Time Time
Date) 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. —
(l, W H.W . , L W I II W
20 3:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50
1 "' 4:03 0.7 10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0 10:20
2 " 4:41 0.4 11:31 4.C 4:20 2.2 10.44
3 * . 5:l. r . 0.1 12:16 4.6 4:53 2.5 11:03
4 ' 5:50 0.0 1:00 4.r» 5:25 2.8 11:33
5*" C:2C ..0.2 1:45 4.5 6:00 • S.O
' H W IL \V H W L :W
6 0:04 5.51 7:05—0.21 2:30 4.4 .6:40
.5:15
..6:53
,. in.
Ft.
6.6
5.7
5.6
S.6
/.6
••-
"3.2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Sierra : Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr. 30
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr. 30
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 30
Arcata. Coos Bay Apr. 3D
Argo Coqullle River Apr. 30
Matteawan Tacoma May 1
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma May 1
Pomona Humboldt May 1
Peru E'anama & Way Ports May 1
Corona. Newport May 1
Coronado San Pedro :..: May 1
W. H. Krueer.. San Pedro May 1
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... May 2
Santa Rosa San Diego .. May 3
Point Arena Point Arena May 2
North Fork Humboldt May 3
Arsryll IN. Y. via Panama May 3
San Pedro 'Humboldt May 3
Adato iPortland May 4
Eureka jHumboldt May. 4
Mandalay Coqullle River ...May 4
Washtenaw.... i Tacoma May 4
Milton INanaimo May 4
G. W. Elder... 1 Portland & Astoria.... May G
Denderah Hamburg & Way Ports May 5
Bonita 'Newport May 5
Queen San DIeso May 5
2824 Hermitage Ave.,
Chicago, Ills., Not. 3, 1S00.
Warner's Safe Cure Co.. Rochester, N. Y.
Gentlemen:— For four years I suffered wlta
Gravel and serious Inflaciiuatf on of tho
Urinary Organs.
I sought no medical aid until the disease had
taken so strong a bold on my system that the doctor
felt doubtful of a cure. As I found that several of
ray army comrades had been suffering with kidney
trouble and had been cured by Warner** Bate
Core, I decided to try that and soon found that I
had decided wisely.
,1 used tho^mediclne for nearly aeien , months
before I was entirely cured, but I am glad to say
that I have had no relapse, .
Yours very truly,
Ool. H. P. PRESCOTT,
82nd Mass. Volunteers.
. Send j/our name and address to Warner's Safe j
Cure Co., Rochester, X. Y., for a Free Sample of
Warner's Safe Cure. I ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
— SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY — —
(DEWEY DAY). '
ALL THIS WEEK.
FLORENCE STONE AND JACK WEBSTER.
In Archibald Clavering Gunter's Great Drama,
MR. BARNES OF
NEW YORK.
Prices.. 10c, 13c, 23c. 50c. A few at 73c
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All
Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium. ¦
NEXT WEEK.
"SON OF NAPOLEON."
RACING! FACING! RACING I
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 23.
I CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CUiiii.
\ -OAKLAND RACETRACK.
I Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
; day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
'"• Five or more races each day.
i Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
•with trains stopping at the entrance- to the
track. Last two cara on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland' mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land: - Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at, Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. . These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4-45 p m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
• R. B. MILROY. SecretaTy. ..
ETQrWWR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
£12>L»nJln O Admission lUc.
* G. S. Wanrell. La ¦Mont Juvenile Co., May-
belle Bowman. Golden West Comedy Trio. Gus
¦ Leonard. ¦ Thatcher and Chenoweth and Paras-
kova. Sandolln. . . ¦
Reserved seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday. -
HOTEL**
,. -Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy , comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaenes and unequaled
. cuisine. American and European plans.
«»GRAND HOTEI>
jfipARTEKS'
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty;
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thsj
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
At^^^S^k CANDY CATHARTIC °*
SSL ft. Jm_J .JEjffk. JfA. X<\ 1 A 9L.F JBI I Ei
Genuine stamped C C C Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good.
REMOVED.
PATRICK <» CO.,
• RUBBER STAMPS, ETC., 1
TO 2i21 SANSOJVIB ST»
. : J .Between Pine and California sts.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. QT.EKT3.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints ot toa
Organs of Generation.
Price tl a bottle. For sale by drngglsta,
' ATWTTRTHVT HHTft
*TlVOLI*
/ Evenings at S. Matlneo Saturday at 2.
"IT CONTINUES TO BE THE POFUl*Alt
FAVORITE."
THE
"HOOT JVIOJ*."
"THE TOT MAKER"— Next Production.
First Time In This City.
POPULAR PRICES So and »0o
Telephone— Bush ».
•THE SAME TRtPTHFTJIi STORT."
TO-NIGHT.
¦', REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
AND THE NETLL COMPANY.
Presenting Sol Smith Russell's Greatest Com-
edy Hit.
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
I During: the NEILL Encasement SPECIAL I
BARGAIN MATINEES-THURSDAYS— I
PRICES. 25c and 50c. j
Evenings 23c, 35c. soc. 75c. jloo
SATTJRDAT MATISSE 25c. 50c. 73c
NEXT "WEEK— Augustln Daly's fine comedy
euccess— "THE LOTTERY OF LOVE."
In Preparation "BARBARA FRIETCHIE"
tftffel BBEU1RIA -sas FBAJiciscirs
VULUIVIBIA L« THEATRE
REOPENlNfi N JHT MONDAY.
FIRST TIME ' HERE OF
THE GREAT SUCCESS.
C A (^ James A. Herne's
fcj/AvJ New Play.
HARBOR!
Alan Dale said—" 'Sag Harbor" is delightful."
Chicago Times-Herald— "Greater than 'Shor*
Acres.
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
TH3 ACME OF UP-TO-DATE VAUDEVILLE
THE GREAT
AGOUST FAMILY,
Mclntyre and Heatii.
BARNES AND SISSON. ALP GRANT.
CLAYTON. JENKINS AND JASPER, MLLE.
ADELAIDE.
Last "Week of THE GREAT GOLDtN.
The Blograph. amons other views, shows
QUEEN VICTORIA'S
LAST PUBLIC APPEARANCE.
Reserved Seats 25 cents. Balcony 10 cents.
Opera Chairs and Box Seats 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
BEiASCOA"°TNJUJ:S f jfe&$£'
TO-NIGHT, J Tp|V
all this weelfc \ I ClN
Extra Matinee j NIGHTS
to-morrow, j IN A
.PeweyDay. B * R
Regular Matinee Sat-,i *" * IX
urday and Sunday. ,| DHrilW
Grand Revival ot the; KUUiYl.
great melodrama >
nyirCC EVENINGS 10c, 13c. 23c. S3c, 50e
JtmvCJ MATINEES 10c, 15c, 25c -
NEXT WEEK— THE OCTOROON.
¦ fa5?H EAT R El^^p -
TO-NIGHT BEGINS , SECOND WEEK.
MATINEE WEDNESDAY,
Dcwcy Day.
THE CENTURY SUCCESS* '.';;•?''¦.'">
THE
• ¦'<¦ A' 11.50 ENTERTAINMENT FOR 50c.
"MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
.tiarai
H mined more by the treatment j
|1 /vs^^^gpr it-receives from the laundry a
H than the usage it- gets from the wearer. * |
|j We have golf shirts for $1.50 -that will withstand the |
g . laundry's abuse for a whole season. .; . They are made from a ' : I
H good quality of madras and the colors are woven right H
1 into the material itself and will not fade; then the shirts ||
B are strongly sewed. and cut full size to insure a good com- - j|
1 . fortable fit; they are the equal of any custom shirt-mak- H
B er's three dollar shirt. The. colors are ox-blood, new blue, 9
H pink and lavenderin large stripes neatly patterned. ra
|1 Out-of-town .orders filled— write us. .. M
ADVERTISEMENTS.SUES FOB, DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF BOTH HANDS
Man Who Took Hold of a Live Wire
Demands Fifty Thousand :
Dollars. ,
LOS ANGELES, April- 29.— The hearing
of the big damage suit of Theodore Kret
schmar against the, Pasadena and Mount
L»we Railway began this morning before
a jury in' Judge Allen's department of .the
THE CAMPERS'
EXCURSION
Plans.
Msxt Sunday — Don't Make Any Other
The campers' excursion Into the Santa
Cruz Mountains takes place next Sunday
and a royal time is assured. Round-trip
tickets, $1 25; six hours among the pret
tiest scenes in the world; the company
select in all .respects; no crowding and
no discomforts of any kind. Take an
ample lunch basket along, because you'll
be as hungry as a bear by lunch time.
William H. Menton will be in command.
Sutter.
YUBA CITY, April 29.— There was a
heavy storm at this place yesterday and
last night. The precipitation was 3.30
inches. It has been of great benefit to
late grain and to orchards and vineyards.
Contra Costa,
WALNUT CREEK, April 29.— Rain fell
throughout San Ramon Valley this after
noon. A strong southeast wind is blow
ing, indicating an all-night downpour.
San Luis Obispo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, April 29.-Rain be
gan to fall here at 3 o'clock this morning
and continued all day.' Bountiful crops
are assured.
Santa Barbara.
SANTA MARIA. April 29.— About one
inch of rain has fallen here and the storm
continues. It is of immense benefit to
all crops.
Tuolumne.
JAMESTOWN, April 29.— Rain has been
falling all day. The precipitation up to
5 o'clock this afternoon was three inches.
WOODLAND, April 29.— The rainfall for
the last storm amounts to 1.55 inches,
making 20.32 inches for the season.
Tulare.
Stanislaus.
MODESTO. April 29.— The rainfall for
the storm here has been .58 of an Inch.
TULARE, April 29.-RaIn fell this after
noon, insuring fair crops of grain. •
Superior Court. Kretschmar is suing the
company for $50,400 for the loss of both
hands, occasioned In July, 1899, by his
catching hold of a live wire while passing
over the mountain near the incline rail
way.
It is alleged that wires of the company,
carrying a heavy charge of electricity,
had been allowed to droop to within four
or five feet of the ground. Kretschmar
and a companion were crossing the divide
and, coming upon this wire, the former
caught hold of it to lift it over his head.
He was frightfully shocked and hfs hands
were so severely burned that they had to
be amputated.
In Its answer the company sayB the
wires were not strung over any public
trail, but were upon its own private
land, upon which people were at all times
warned not to trespass.
STRTTCK BY PILOT
OF A LOCOMOTIVE
D. E. Saunders of San Francisco Is
Fresno.
Seriously Injured in
FRESNO, April 25.— D. E. Saunders of
San Francisco, district organizer of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen, met
with a serious accident last night at the
Southern Paciflc depot. He had gone to
meet friends on the 11:30 train and walked
out on the track. Dazed by the glare of
the headlight of the incoming engine and
train, he tried to jump aside, but too late.
The pilot of the engine hurled him into
the air fifteen or twenty feet and he sus
tained a compound fracture of the right
leg below the knee, various contusions on
the right hip and knee, fractures of the
floating ribs and, it is feared, brain and
internal injuries.
The injured man was unconscious all
night, regaining his senses for a few min
utes this monung, but relapsed. News of
his precarious condition has been sent on
to the city and friends are expected on the
first train. •
VENTURA, April 29.— Rain commenced
falling in this city at 4 o'clock this after
noon. It will greatly benefit bean and
sugar beet raisers, orchardists and stock
men. Thousands of acres of beets are
now in fine condition.
Ventura.
County Bank Is Robbed.
KINGFISHER. O. .T., April 29.-The
Elaine County I Bank of Watonga was
robbed Friday night of $1800, the vault be
ing blown open with dynamite. The rob
bers escaped.
CLAREMONT, I. T.. April .29.— Reports
from over the territory indicate the elec
tion to-day resulted in the defeat of the
Cherokee treaty, the vote against ratifica
tion apparently being heavily in 'he ma
jority.
Defeat of the Cherokee Treaty.
PRAIRIE DC CHIEN. Wis.. April 29.—
Max Heck, who runs his father's farm
near McGregor, la., shot and almost
instantly killed his sister, Mrs. Ellsworth,
at the breakfast table. It Is thought he
was temporarily insane. He was ar
rested.
Farmer Kills His Sister.
KANSAS CITY, April 29.— A special
from Beaumont, Tex., says: The Holland
stockholders in the Port Arthur Land
Company to-day filed a petition here ask
ing an Injunction against the sale of an
undivided half in the 12S.O00 acres of land
around Beaumont to J. S. Cullinan & Co.
and John Searles. The sale was negoti
ated in Kansas City by E. L. Martin, A.
E. Stillwell and J. M. Trimbo, trustees of
the land company. The purchase is
supposed to have been in the interest of
the Standard Oil Company.
Be Seeking the Property
Involved.
Standard Oil Company Is Believed to
STOCKHOLDERS ENJOIN
SALE OF TEXAS LAND
KANSAS CITY, April 29.— Mrs. Nation's
visit to Kansas City two weeks ago and
her alleged harsh treatment at the hands
of the police has borne fruit. At a meet
ing to-day 200 representative local
churches and temperance societies de
cided to petition Governor Dockery to
remove Police Commissioners Ward and
Gregory unless they agree to enforce the
Sunday closing law against saloons. A
committee ¦was appointed to demand of
the commissioners that the saloons be
closed. Unless they act promptly the
church people propose to secure petitions
signed by at least 10,000 persons demand
ing of the State executive that he remove
the local commissioners from office.
cieties Take Stand Against
the Police.
WELL DEMAND REMOVAL
OF THE COMMISSIONERS
Kansas Church and Temperance So-
OMAHA, April 29.— No move has been
made since the Callahan verdict was
rendered except by the defendants. The
alleged kidnaper is still in jail, but his
attorneys are preparing a showing which
they believe will secure his freedom.
W. B. Fuller, who was the last man to
vote for Callahan's acquittal, expressed
regret to-day for his action.
"I stood alone from the third ballot,
about 9 o'clock Saturday, until 3 o'clock
Sunday morning," said Fuller. "I believe
now, as I believed then, that Callahan has
not an alibi and that there was sufficient
evidence to convict him. I shall never for
give myself for yielding."
W. E. Moore, E. R. Shaw and other ju
rors concurred in the former's statement-
Attorney General Shields said to-day that
the State would oppose the fight for Cal-
Sahan's release.
Action.
One Juror Who Voted for Acquittal
Expresses Regret for His . *
CALLAHA2T IS TRYING
TO SECURE HIS RELEASE
Bids were opened to-day for the con
struction of a postoffice building at Oak
land as follows: Bentley Construction
Company, San Francisco, 5189,954; Con
gress Construction Company, Chicago,
J162.fi75: Thomas V. Butler, San Francisco,
51CS.5C4; Pacific Construction Company,
San Francisco, $183,763; Fred McMullers,
San Francisco, $106,920; R. A. Giefers. Chi
cago, $1C:«.6OO; A. E. Bonnett, San Fran
cisco, $153,800.
Oregon— Original— "Watson S. Tilton,
Taulitin, $5. War with Spain — Original —
Wesley Boves, Gervais, 5S.
Washington— War with Spain— Original
—Frederick E. Hicks, Palouse, $10.
Pensions were issued to-day as follows:
California — Original— William Kennedy,
San Krancisco, $6. Additional — John W.
Shields. Los Angeles. $S; Walter L.
Clemons, Whittier, $10. Increase — Henry
Buchholz. San Francisco, $10; Benjamin
F. Kratzer, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,'
58; Charles Staley, Veterans' Home, Napa,
J8. War with Spain— Original— Frederick
Shulze, San Diego, $12; Henry J. Wood,
San Francisco, $12.
WASHINGTON, April 29.-Captain Wil
liam E. Birkhimer, Artillery Corps, upon
his muster out as colonel of the Twenty
eighth Infantry Volunteers, will report to
the commanding general, Department of
California, for duty in that department.
Postoffice Building.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Bids for the Construction of Oakland
SONOMA, April 29.— Rain commenced to
fall yesterday and continued up to this
morning, when the sun came out. This
rain will prove a blessing to dairymen
and farmers in this valley. Indications
point to more rain before morning.
Sonoma.
SANTA CRUZ, April 29.— Showers fell
to-day throughout the county. Boulder
Creek, noted for its heavy rainfall, kept
up its record and during the night more
than three inches of water was precipi
tated, causing the San Lorenzo River to
rise considerably.
Santa Cruz.
AUBURN, April 29.— Two and eighty-five
hundredths inches of rain fell here from
noon yesterday to 7 o'clock this morning,
making 34.62 for the season. The storm
will do much good to grain and hay and
but little damage will result to fruit un
less it be- followed by north winds.
Placer.
REDDING, April 29.-Farmers of this
region have profited by the liberal down
pour of rain that continued throughout
twenty-four hours ending at. 7 o'clock
this morning. The precipitation measured
2.75 inches, making 43.85 inches for the
season, against 40.60 inches at an even
date last year. , . ...
Shasta.
In 1893 Mr. Ince went to sea, which
gave him the opportunity of observing
the conditions surrounding f the wage
earners of the Hawaiian Islands, New
Zealand, Australia and the west coast of
South America. He came to Los Angeles
in 1898 and engaged - in his trade
as a cabinet maker. .In the winter of 1900
he made a study of Arizona, 'visiting all
the principal mining camps of the Terri
tory, and he is now laying plans for an
extensive campaign in that section.
John C. Ince was appointed district or
ganizer on October 3 last, his twenty-fifth
birthday, and general organizer on April
18.
Mr. Ince expects to leave Sa-n Fran
cisco on May 28 by steamer and will stop
at Santa Barbara, where a painters', car
penters' and Federated Labor Union are
in process of organization. From there
he will go by steamer to San Diego, where
he expects to do some special work for
the United Brewery Workers of America,
and in all probability he will organize the
hotel and restaurant workers. He will
also organize a Federated Labor Union
there. This is the last point to be made in
his itinerary. ..
Mr. Ince will leave for ' Riverside, Red
lands and neighboring towns on Thurs
day, and he hopes to organize a Federated
Labor Union in each place. He will be at
Randsburg on May 11 and at Bakersfleld
on May 12 to 22, inclusive. There he ex
pects to organize the painters and the oil
workers. He will also assist in strength
ening the carpenters', machinists' and
blacksmiths' unions.
LOS ANGELES, April 29.— General . Or
ganizer John C. Ince of the American
Federation of Labor' will go to San Pedro
to-morrow, where he will institute an ex
tended campaign in behalf of the Amer
ican Federation in its efforts to organize
the wage earners all over the Pacific
Coast. At San Pedro he, will address 450
union men. On Wednesday Mr. Ince will
go to Long Beach to organize a painters'
union and institute the working-card
system among the building trades. He will
return to Los Angeles on Wednesday af
ternoon and will be with the bootblacks,
the Council of Labor i and the horse shoers
as a farewell visit prior to a longer ab
sence. He will recommend to the Council
of Labor that a local organizer be ap
pointed to look after union interests dur
ing his absence.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Organizer Ince's Cam
paign Throughout
California.
FORMING MANY
LABOR UNIONS
Calaveras.
SAN ANDREAS. April 29.— The heavy
FRESNO. April 29.— The long-awaited
rain came this morning. The precipita
tion was not much more than a "trace,"
as reported by the Weather Bureau, but
every drop was precious. Advices are that
the rain is general through the valley
much heavier than here— and that the
forecast is for considerable more. Never
did moisture come at a more opportune
time to save grain crops on sandy soil or
high land not reached by irrigation.
Fresno.
PACIFIC GROVE, April 29.— Rain began
falling here shortly before midnight last
night, continuing through the night and
most of to-day. It came just in time to
save grain and hay from ruin. Other
crops will be greatly benefited.
KINGS CITY, April 29.— After about
twelve hours of high wind from the south
It commenced raining here at midnight.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon the precipita
tion was .47 of an inch. The wind is still
blowing from the south and Indicates
Monterey.
STOCKTON, April 29.— After a rain
that was general throughout the county,
varying from a half inch about Tracy to
nearly two inches at Lockeford, the sky
cleared to-day. The rainfall here up to 8
o'clock this morning for the storm was
1.13 inches, but a heavy shower fell here
about 10:30. Special telephone messages
state that there was hardly enough rain
on the West Side to do any good. In
other parts of the county, however, the
rain is of Immense benefit to growing
grain, which was sadly in need of moist
ure. A little damage has been done to
hay. Taken altogether there will be
about three-fourths of an average crop of
grain in the county.
San Joaquin.
SACRAMENTO, April 29.— The rainfall
for the twenty-four hours ending " at 5
o'clock this morning was the heaviest in
the month of April since 1896, when 2.18
inches were measured. The fall for the
present storm up to 5 o'clock was 1.75.
Rain came down in showers all day. The
storm has done an immense .amount of
good to hay and grain all over the Sacra
mento Valley. The hot' north winds of
the past two weeks had parched the
earth and withered crops. The effect of
the rainstorm on fruit will be advantage
ous and practically no harm will be done,
as by reason of the demand and good
prices on early cherries this fruit has
been closely picked and very little* if in
deed any appreciable quantities remained
on the trees at the time of the precipi
tation.
Sacramento.
SAN JOSE, April 29.— The heaviest rain
fall this spring was that of last night, the
precipitation to 10 a. m. to-day amount
ed to LSO inches; for the : season 23.48
inches. Reports from different sections
show that the benefits will more than off
set the damages. If no hard winds follow
the rain the hay and ffraln crops will be
materially assisted, as moisture had been
greatly needed. The fruits injured are
cherries and grapes, but it is not believed
that the loss will be serious. The or
chardists generally look upon the rain
with favor, as it will permit plowing and
cultivating and give the soil a much need
ed wetting. The storm is not yet over.
GILROY, April 29.-Rain has been fall
ing steadily since midnight, the precipi
tation in eight hours to-day being 1.37
inches. Indications are for a continued
downpour, which at this time means the
salvation of all crops in this section.
Santa Clara.
The rainstorm that has been deluging
Central and Northern California for the
last two days is gradually working its
way southward- Yesterday coast counties
as far south as Santa Barbara and San
Luis Oblspo were treated to a deluge, and
there was a considerable precipitation at
Fresno. Late last night Los Angeles re
ported a slight drizzle, with threatening
weather that made the prospect bright
for rain before morning. In Monterey
County there was a tremendous downfall,
while at San Luis Oblspo the precipitation
to -6 o'clock last evening- amounted to
about 2 inches. • The forecast official at
San Diego has his rain signals out.
The subjoined special dispatches to The
Call shew the range of the storm:
LOMPOC, April 29.— Rain commenced
falling at 3 o'clock this morning 1 and con
tinued all day. Up to 5 o'clock 1.45 inches
had been precipitated. The mustard crop,
for which Lompoc Valley has long been
noted, has been saved.
Rain at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, April 29.— To-day's
rain amounted to 1 inch here. It is still
raining.
ANGELS CAMP, April 29.— Rain com
menced falling last night. Indications are
good for a heavy storm, of inestimable
benefit to crops and mines.
rain storm continued all night. It came
Just in time to insure crops and prolong
the operation of many mines that were
running short of water. -
The last of the "ripper" series of mur
ders in London was committed about the
f-th of September, 1SS9. but murders ac
companied by similar mutilations were
committed the next few years following
in other places in England, on the Conti
nent and in New York, pointing to the
fact that the London murderer was still
at his horrible work or that some was
imitating him. For many months the
whole police force of London, with those
of other parts of the world aiding as they
could, was on the search for the murder
er. As body after body was found, the
citv went wild and the women of . the
class to which the victims belonged be
came panic stricken and for the most
part fled to the " provinces. A hundred
arrests were made of suspected persons
and a thousand clews followed to a fruit
less end. The murders went into the long
list of unsolved mysteries that form part
of London's records of crime, with but
little hope of ever being cleared up.
The ill-sounding .but very appropriate
sobriquet of "Jack the Ripper" was be
stowed upon the unknown perpetrator of
a. series of eighteen or more revolting
murders in the Whitechapel district of
London during the latter part of the
eighties. His victims were always select
ed from among: the lower class of women
with whom that part of London swarmed.
They were one and aJl mutilated in such
a similar and peculiar manner as to in
dicate that one hand, and that one well
skilled in anatomy, did each piece of the
horrible work.
LUDWIGSJJAVEN, Baden, April 29.—
The notorious "Jack the Kipper," \rtio
has assaulted and mutilated eighteen
women, has been caugrht here red-handed
by two detectives attired as a woman.
The Horrible Crimes of the
WMtechapel District
Recalled.
"Jack the Ripper" Is
Caught Red-Handed
by Detectives. ¦
ELUDES ARREST
FOR MANY YEARS
Los Angeles Reports a, Trace of Rain and
Threatening Weather That Gives Prom
ise of a Generous Downpour to Come
STORM IS GRADUALLY
WORKING SOUTHWARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1901.
SANTA CTLARA, April 29.— The dwelling
of . John A. Morrison was destroyed by
fire at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon. Loss,
$1500. While the family was at dinner a
four-year-old son ¦¦¦ was in one of the
rooms of the upper floor. He found some
matches and In playing: ¦with '• them set
flre to the house.
Babe Starts a Fire.
About 125 men were at work In the mine
at the time, but escaped injury on account
of the explosion being: confined to. the en
try of an air passage way. Mine Inspector
L. W. Bryan was present and assisted in
the search for the dead and the rescue of
the Injured.
SOUTH McAI.ESTER, I. T., April 29.—
An explosion nf gas occurred in a mine
belonging: to the Choctaw, Oklahoma and
Gulf Railway, operated by the McAlester
Coal Company, at 'Alderson, I. T., this
morning in which five men lost their lives,
seven were Injured and one Is 1 reported
missing. The killed were:
EMANUEL TAYLOR (colored).
WILEY and JOHN CLARK (colored).
ANDREW PESOL: (Italian).
DOMIECO WENOLUTY (Italian).
Ed Andrews, Pat Woods, Paul Notax
and Mose Larrett were severely burned.
Special Dispatch to The pall.
In Addition to Those Killed
Seven Are Injured and
One Is Missing.
Victims of an Explosion
. at Alderson, Indian
Territory-
FIVE MAN DIE
IN COAL MINE
Yolo.
8
If you want to
know where to
go, this Summer
Whether to a mineral spring resort,
where you can get the benefit of medi-
" cinal -waters, or to a farni. where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can, in a short
walk or. drive, commune with nature in
her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream.
Call or write for
"VACATION 1901"
This is a little book just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marln, Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week.
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
B. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
• ZV, Hours' Hide From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our. Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort, i
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLLB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to £ £ pECK
10 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles. Cal.
CAZADERO
miles northwest of £an Francisco. Hotels, cot-
tages and camp grounds offer accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prices. Fine trout
fishing, beautiful scenery, drives, bathing. An
ideal resort. Elim Grove Hotel, under same
management, on the banks of Austin Creek,
a mile from Cazadero; a most picturesque
spot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co.,
Cazadero, Cal. City office 749 Market st.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains, and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn aDd infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS ?£ N o ° n^f ffi,
from San, Francisco; but. 9 miles' staging:
¦waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath in State; swimming and boatlns;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express; first-class hotel anJ stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tib-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms
$2 a day or $12 a week. References — Any guest
of the past six years. For further lnforma-
toln address J. F. MULGPEW, Skaggs. Cal.
/ § Wm springs
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkin St.. S. F. FRESE & JURGENSEN.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE
Gen'l Agent, r>30 Market st., opposite Palace
Hotel, S. F. ; tel. Black 3571.
I THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HfilTT'5 Beautiful Grounds, at Hoitt's
""' a * ° School will be open to summer
i*lENLO guests during June and July.
_.,_.., Superior climate, -excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
_______ dress IRA G. HOITT.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
6 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery: good hunting, fishing in moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geysers;
dally mail; $7 per week. Further particular*
address G. H. BLACK, Geyserville. Sonoma Co.
WHITE COTTAGES. ft^ftS^fcW
Altitude 2000 feet. Write for circulars. MRS
J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln P. P.. Cal. ,/
OCEAN T2AVE1.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
bor Nome
And St. Michael.
Sailing Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora" "...May 1 May 7.
"Conemaugh" ..May 25 June 10
"Portland" May 25 ..'
"St. Paul" June 1 June 8.- '".'"'''"
Ua^^^Sa5J5i iaJUn r?f : yaIdeZ - *° Ai '*'
tj2ta£2?pl? t P o aSSaS:e ' frel 8ht'and : other par-
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
'...•¦ 31 ° Sansome st., San Francisco.
PANAMA B H steamship
r AUHlYlA Ma 111 line.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
¦ Cabin. (105; Steerage, $40.
S. S. Arfeyll sails Saturday, May II
S. S. — — sails Monday, May 20
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, June 3
• From HArrlson-st; Wharf, 2 p. m.'
'<¦• Freight and passenger office, 330 Market at." '¦
.F. F. CONNOR, « Pacific Coast A»enU; ¦'-
Bradf ord==Silver Creek
QUICKSILVER
Mining Companies,
San fienito County and
Santa Clara County.
$100 BUYS TWO SHARES,
ONE IN EACH MINE. ! • •
PAR . VALUE $1 00 PER SHARE.
Property well developed and thousands of
tons of ore in eight.
We will be actually Producing
Quicksilver in two months.
The price of this stock will be-.advanced on
May 20. We have the materials on the ground
for a large furnace, and Mr. Robert Scott," the
greatest furnace builder in the world, is now
building it. We will be producing quicksilver
in lees than sixty days.
• If you want an income- for life buy some
of this stock now.
SEEING IS BELIEVING.
You can easily see our property. ' One hour
and twenty minutes to Saji Jose, nine miles by
team.
Let us show you these mines and judge for
yourself. •
H. R. BRADFORD, =
, . President and General Manager, ' j
7 N. Market street, San* Jose.'-"
I Prospectus and all information at,; branch'
office, . 209 Sansome street, San Francisco. .
H. L. COFFIN and . F." DE FREITAS, "
: .' Agents.', ;¦•
AJ)VE|lTISEaiENTS.
It Is the Choice of Onr Fashionable
Hotels and Restaurants.
Malt Breakfast Food
Can Now Be Enjoyed by the
Artisan as Well as by
the Millionaire.
, ¦
As a proof of the superiority of Malt
Ereakf ast Food over all other cereal
foods, it may be interesting to know that
the best and most fashionable hotels, res-
taurants and clubs throughout the coun-
try now use and serve Malt Breakfast
Food regrularly.
The tens of thousands of Americans who
wish to keep up a full supply of nerve,
encrgry. and health, when they travel, look
for. Malt Breakfast Food on the break-
fast menu, cards of all first-class hotels
and dining cars— and find It: The tens of
thousands of men, women and children
who do not or cannot travel, can now
have their appetizing, palate-pleasing and
health-irlving dish of Malt Breakfast
Food at their own tables every morning-.
At all grocers.
y
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc,
S. S. VALENCIA,
J. M. LANE, Master,
Will Leave SAN FRANCISCO,
MAY 24, 1901,
And Seattle
MAY 30, 1901.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
80 CALIFORNIA STREET. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First aye. and Tesler way. Seattle.
fiolofoin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller Jvity.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGGINS, Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th,
For passage or freight rates call or address
H. R. DUFFIN. Agent,
638 Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel,
SAN FRANCISCO. J
Nome, Teller and St. Michael
VIA SEATTLE
S. S. JNO. S. KIMBALL
(Capacity 300 Passengers, 2000 Tons Freight.)
The Finest of the Nome Fleet.
Sailin* May 25th from San Fran-
cisco and June 1st from Seattle.
For freleht and tickets apply office.
CONKLIN & CO., 667 Market Strest.
CHAS. CONKLIN.
A. L. APPLEWHITE, Agts.,
Phone Main 5337.
B0 TONS COLD-STORAGE CAPACITY.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
• Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .
. From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul May 81 St. Paul... May 29
St. Louis ....May 15| St. Louis. ...... ..June 5
New York May 22' New York June 12
RED STAR LINE.
..New York and Antwerp.
. From New York Every Wednesdey. 12 noon.
Friesland May 8 Kensington May 2i>
Southwark ......May 15 Zeeland June 5
Pennland May 22 Friesland .. .June 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Paciflc Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU........ Friday. May 3, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. .Wednesday, May 29, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.-Saturday. June 22, 1901
. Round-trip, tickets at reduced rates. For
frelgrht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
. ¦ ; , - W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA E VAPO^B^
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican,' -Central
and' South American ports. " Sailing Fremont-
street wharf, 12 m.
PERU May 3IPALENA May 30
GUATEMALA .MayWLOA ..: June 12
These steamer" are built expressly for Central
and South.. American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco.or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street. '.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. .
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
DEUTSCHLAND ..MAY 16, 2 P. M.
Columbia' "........May 2| A Victoria May 23
F. Bismarck. May 9] Columbia May 30
: Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
' PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Waldersee ' . ..... May 4 J Pennsylvania . . . May 18
•Batavla May HlPretorla ..May '5
•For Hamburg; direct. - , . .
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y,
HSRZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 • California street.
COKPAGNIE OENERALE . TRANSATLANTIQDE
DIRECT. LINE TO HAVRE-PARia -^^
Sailing every Thursday, instead o£ <fS?7f*fSi
Saturday, at 10 a. tn., from Pier 42,
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to . Havre, , $55 and upward. . Second class to
Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York, x F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEH STEAMERS.
¦ Steamer ".Montlcello." ¦"
MON/.iTUES., WED., THURS. : AND SAT.,
at 9:45 a. m., 3:13, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 . a. :m..i 8 p., m.s- Landing and office,^ Mls-
elon-st. Dock, -Pier No. 3. -Telephone Main' 1503.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OF
URGESIZE15*
L. MILLER 8c SONS.
543 BROADWAY. NY. US, A.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA.
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
. OCEAN TRAVEIi.
.Pacific. Coast. Steamship Co.
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome la«t
year, being one of first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street. .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ti Steamer« leave Broadway
|»fc. wharf, San Francisco:
IR^W; F °r Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
hVtlraSrv Ma -y ] > G - n > 16 - 21 ' 2G - 31>
V*2B*T»3C!" t V June 5. Chance to company's
K?3iS<!a steamers at Seattle.
ESisail \»1 F or Victoria, Vancouver (B.
1 EafiZGtfeSlal c ->- Port Townsend, Seattle,
ll/^^'^KiSftiluAl Pacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
'^***11 a, m., May 1, 6, 11, 16,- 21,
26,-31. June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.. May
3, 8, 13, 18, 23, 28, June 2, and every filth day
thereafter. , ' „ ¦
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
greles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. •
. For Santa Cruz, Monterey.. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos, Port Harford(San Luis Obispo), Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East. San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta, • Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, Las Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. - .. . , , ¦
For further information obtain company ¦
folders. . . : . : , ¦_* * 'i
The company reserves ¦ the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of Bailing
without previous notice. " ¦
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street, (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
¦ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Q. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
.points East. .Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
: - LOWEST RATES! *
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.*
SS. COLUMBIA.... '...Sails Apr. 13,23. May 3
BS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. 8, IS, 28, May 8
D. W. HITCHCOCK.' General Agent,
- 1 Montgomery sf.. 8. F.
fl/fe/Pkfinf/* & & 4*A HAWAII, 8AH0A, NEW
IfCOliKXaoCfF. ZEALAND ano SYDNEV,
V V»VO W DIRECf LINE TO TAHITI",
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti..................... .
...... ........Tuesday, April 30, at 12m.
SS. SIERRA' (via Honolulu) for Samoa, . ¦
'¦ New. Zealand and- Australia — .'...'
¦ .;;::.."..' V Thursday, ¦ May 9, 10a.m.
BS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)....
- ....." '........Saturday, May 18, .2 p.m.
i D. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., General Agents, 327 Market St
Gen'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St.; Pier Ko. 7, Pacifis St_ ,
CAMP REVERIE,
IS THE- —
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS,
?"In All California
No PlaceJJke This."
AnOuting
On a_New Plan.
Oil June 3, this year. CAMP REVERIE will
be opened in a redwood grove on the Guerne-
ville branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Ouerne-
ville.
Handsome booklets with full details have been
left in Ticket Offices of the Ca "^ r^?.^i?iV^
western Railway, or address CAMP RbVERIB
ASSOCIATION, room SI. Flood building. Saa
Francisco. Office houre 12 to 4 p. m-. Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plac»
in all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— *10. Jl V »14.
$15 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO.
316 Montgomery st.. and aee photographs or
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure in
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG A
WARNER. '
OR. C. C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL. SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 48 '
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
[no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathinff free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. CDONN'ELL, office 1021^ Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this la the place to go.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKH
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walk*
rnd boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
XAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
JOHANNISBRRG.
Under entire new management and owner-
ship. Family Resort In the Napa Redwoods.
Exhilarating air; hunting-, fishing, swimmlnff
and boatlnsr: terms reasonable: send for circu-
lars. THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR.. Propri-
etor, Oakvtlle. Napa County. __^
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS.
Formerly Agua • Callente . Springs. Ponoma
Valley. Xo staglnpr: 46 miles via C. SW, Ry.
or S. P. R. R. Immense swimmmj tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, trv it. Round
trip. SI 10. Telenhone. Rate?, $12 and $14.
COOPER & SHEDDEN. Agua Callente. Cal.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON. IS NOTT OPEN FOR PIC-
nics or campers. Further information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON. Excursion Pass.
Agent S. P. Co.. 613 Market street. .
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
clno. Visit this quiet little resort for
5olld comfort. 1 For particulars apply to 3.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
THE GEYSERS, £22™
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATC-
ral steam baths: swimming, flshirwr. hunt-
ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WEP.THEIMER. manager.
WII I ()W DAVfH former proprietor W.
UlLLUn R Aft 111 Crandell— A summer hom»
in the redwoods, 5 miles from Santa Crua;
running water, swimming, croquet, abur.danc*
of fruit, home cooking: table stx»aks for itself.
For particulars, TULEY & rL.IT"* 1 . Santa. Crua.
CLENBROOK.
Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Varlou«
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Tabl*
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only S3 & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler office. 20 Montgomery St..
or address O. W. R. TREDWAT. Proprietor.
Glenbrook. Lake County. - Cal.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open th»
year round. Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department wilt
receive specail attention. For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL K-UNT VIEW. Ross
Valley. Marln Co. Cal.
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST. JAMBS.
Finest Equipped Hotel in the State.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
OANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
v5 family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fi3hlng; artificial lake for boatlns
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 5C-; open the year round.
Send for' circulars.
J. H. HAESTEES. Glenwood. CaL
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms.
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters In the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping' cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland. Mendocino Co.. CaL
VICHY SPRINGS,
The only place In the United States whsr*
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters: Chamnaine Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
'Uklah. J. A. REDEMETER & CO..
••.••¦.. ¦ Proprietors.
OUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, near Santa
Cruz.' In heart of > the mountains; among
the redwoods; first -class accom. ; very reason-
ablo terms: telephone.' swimming tank, croquet
and 1 amusements: dally mail: new. improve-
ments: our well-known table Is oar recommen-
dation. Round trip campers to Glenwood. incL
Etage." $3 75. . Frank R. Dann. Santa Cruz.
LANTATION HOUSE—Eighteen miles from
Cazadero, on stage. line. Good trout fishing,
plenty- fruit, cream, milk; free, conveyance for
parties of 2 or more ; ; Brand red wood scenery.
Address J. Luttringer,' Seaview, Sonoma Co., or
apply Mr. Kruse, 207 Front St.. for particulars.
jlAS,I.PLDMIGO.
1 W:'i Upholstery Company,
I NINTH AND MARKET STS.,
H - Have- quite a line of SHORT LENGTHS
|3 of UPHOLSTERY GOODS wMeh win'
|| be sold 'at reduced rates.
jl • An opportunity. to procure- Pillow and
R] Cushion Covers for your summer home.Churchmen in Convention.
WOODLAND, April 29.— The Sacramento
district convention of tho Christian
Church mot in this city this evening and
will be in session to and Including May 2.
NEW YORK, April 29.- Tho will of the
late Charles H. Jloyt, the playwrlpht, was
admitted to probate here to-day. The
surrogato held ihat the proponents of the
will established tho fact of Hoyt's resi
dence In New York.
Playwright Hoyt's Will.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, April 29.— By a vote of
nearly 23 to 1, Stockton to-day voted $150,
000 bonds with which to build a new
high school building. The question of
bonding the city for this purpose has been
discur.sed for several years and under the
impetus of the general forward move
ment, the friends of the measure have ac
complished their hopes. Seldom has a
bond election called out as large a vote.
Ordinarily little interest is manifested,
but to-day 1509 votes were polled. Only
65 were against the proposition. Many
voters had to come a long distance to the
polling place.
To James A. Barr, the Superintendent
of Schools, much of the credit is due. • It
was largely through his efforts that tho
Chamber of Commerce, the High School
Alumni and other bodies were aroused to
an active espousal of tho cause. The
members of the High School and Alumni
hired carriages and put in a day's hard
campaigning.
The plans contemplate a twenty-room,
modern stone structure, situated on a
larKd block of land, this to bo laid out as
n park. Five hundred students will bo
accommodated.
Bond Proposition Carries by
an Almost Unanimous
Vote.
STOCKTON TO HAVE
NEW HIGH SCHOOL
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, April 29.— The hearing of
the application cf Mrs. Anna Thilo to be
appointed guardian of the estate of C. A.
Thilo, her husband, occupied -the atten
tion of Judge Dougherty's department of
the Superior Court to-day. Thilo is pro
prietor.of the Oberon saloon in San Fran
cisco and was committed to Napa Asylum
several weeks ago. The proceedings were
opposed by Mrs. Ollle Eaton, daughter of
Thilo by a former wife, who claimed that
as her father was a resident of San Fran
cisco the courts of this county had no
jurisdiction.
Judge Dougherty decided otherwise and
appointed Mrs. Thilo and J. C. Kerth
guardians of the estate, under bonds of
$25,000. Kerth !s bookkeeper In the Oberon
Thilo owns considerable property in this
county and spent a large part of his time
on a ranch near Cloverdale. It was owing
to his stranne fictions there that his con
oition wns llrst suspected. Within a few
days, it is said, he dropped $1050 Into a
tslot machine In a Cloverdale resort. His
system was to employ a boy by tho day to
pull the handle while ho poured the money
in.
Court Appoints Her Guar
dian of Her Insane
Husband.
ON the 4th of May Mills College
will put on its gala dress, wel
come all its old pupils and its
friends, -and with music and song
and speechmaking celebrate Dr.
Mills* birthday, which in the college, is
known as founder's day.
MRS. THILO TRIUMPHS
ODER STEPDAUGHTER
This year founder's day is to be emi
nently a •woman's day and prominent
among the many distinguished women
who will make addresses will be Mary
Atkins Lynch, the founder of Benicia
Seminary, the first school for women es
tablished on this coast. Mrs. Lynch be
gan her work In 1852 and in 1865 Dr. Mills
purchased the Benlcia property and con
tinued the work there until 1S71, when
the school was removed to the present
location. Mills College is the outgrowth
of Benicia Seminary.
Among the speakers at - the founder's
day exercises will be: Mrs. Charles Hop
good of Marysville, an associate of Mrs.
Lynch ; Mrs. A. Wadham Terrill, Miss
Mabel Gray of Oakland, Mrs. Ramon
Wilson of Berkeley and Mrs. May Rob
erts Smith of Palo Alto.
Founder's day exercises will begin at
10:30. Luncheon will follow, after which
there will be the annual meeting or the
Alumnae Association and a general social
time.
WOMAN "WHO FOUNDED THE
FIRST GIRLS' SEMINARY ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
TRAHOEEN IMPRISONED
IN BURNING CABOOSE
Thrilling Etsperience of Three South-
ern Pacific Employes in Wreck
Near Redding.
REDDING, April 29.— A caboose at
tached to a southbound freight train left
the rails at Olney Creek, four miles south
of Redding, at 4 o'clock this morning, and
In rolling down the embankment caused
a lamp to explode. This set fire to the car
and for a few minutes the imprisoned in
mates weie in danger of being burned to
death.
Conductor John Turner and Brakemen
Richard Wells and Robert Cotter were in
the derailed and burning car. Cotter, by
strenuous work, managed to force his way
out and with an ax quickly released the
other men. All three were more or less
bruised and cut, although not seriously,
and Wells' hair was singed and his neck
blistered by fire. The caboose was com
pletely destroyed.
CLAIMS OWNERSHIP
OF ENTIRE TOWNSITE
Daniel Caldon to Give Legal Battle
to the Populace of
Stan-wood.
SAN JOSE; TO HAVE
ANOTHER BIG HOTEL
TACOMA, April 29.— The town of Stan
wood, in Snohomish County, Is excited
over the prospect of a suit of ejectment
and for the recovery of property, brought
by Dan Caldon, one of the first children
born in Stanwood. Caldon seeks to re
cover forty acres of land on which the
business and the greater part of tho resi
dence portion of the town are situated.
The suit promises to be sensational, as
the business interests at issue will put up
a strong fight. 1
Caldon alleges that his father, an old
settler." did not Intend to include this forty
acres in selling part of his farm. The
wording of the deed makes it uncertain
whether tho town site was conveyed.
Eastern and Local Capitalists Plan-
rung for an Up-to-Date
" Structure.
SAN JOSE, April 29.— A project is on
to give San Jose another first-class hotel.
"With the opening of the coast lino the
local hotels have been crowded with
guests, and Eastern capitalists who were
here have become interested with ¦ mon
eyed San Josenns in the project. Among
the sites mentioned for the proposed
structure Is the southwest corner of Sec
ond and San Antonio streets. A^ five or
six story building is planned. This will
be model and up-to-date throughout,
with accommodations for about 300 guests.
It will be home-like in 'all particulars and
tourists and families will be catered. A
company is now under organization. .
PRESIDENT ST. JOHN
"WILL BE EXTRADITED
Scotland . Yard Detectives to Arrest
the Head of New "Whatcom's
Defunct Bank. -
Boiler Explosion Buries Seattle Man
NEW WHATCOM, • Wash., April 29.—
Cashier Frank Oleson and • Assistant
Cashier J.S. Stancroom of the Scandi
navian American Bank of this city, which
went Into the hands of a receiver on
February 23 last, were admitted to ball
here ; to-day. .They . were arrested at- Se
attle, charged with grand larceny In hav
ing taken deposits after they know th»>
bank to be insolvent. The extradition of
Prtfcident St. John of the institution, who
went to London; six weeks prior to .the
fa'lure of the -bank, will be asked for
as scon as Scotland Yard authorities can
locate and arrest him. . .
ENTOMBED ALIVE AT
bottom' of oil well
XJndsr Sixteen Feet of
Sand.
SEATTLE, April 29.— A boiler at the
King County oil well, eight miles south
of this city, exploded ' to-day, burying
"Doc" Tromley under sixteen feet of sand;
Tromley, was at the bottom of the well,
which was down thirty-seven feet, when
tho explosion , occurred, the •.. vibration • of
the • arth causing the cave-In. ; Efforts
aro t being ' made » to ; reach ' the man, r but
with no hope of rescuing him alive.
victim: of asthma
ends his suffering
Former San Francisco Restaurant
Owner Commits Suicide in
I >'":*: ,-; .-i- Seattle. .
SEATTLE, April*, 29.— Despondent over
financial straits, discouraged by continual
failure to obtain employment and worn
out by a chronic attack of asthma, which
he had suffered for more than twenty
years, Peter Miller, aged 50, this morning
committed suicide by shooting himself
through the head with a pistol. The
man's act of j destruction was accom
plished on the sidewalk on James street, a
few yards above Fifth avenue, and less
than twenty yards from his rooming
house at 515 James street.
Miller had been employed in local
restaurants and just a few days ago was
endeavoring to obtain the management of
a hotel in the country near Index. Evi
dently he had no relatives in this country.
In former years he owned a restaurant in
San Francisco. Previous to this year he
operated a hotel in Skaguay, Alaska.
McGOVEBN TO REFEBEE
NEILL-TREMBLE FIGHT
BAKERSFIELD, April 29.— The fight
between Al Nelll and Jim Tremble, which
is to be brought off in' Scribner's Opera
house on Thursday, night, promises to at
tract hundreds of sports, not only be
cause of the fighters themselves but for
the reason that the bout will be refereed
by Terry McGovern. According to a tele
gram 1 received here to-day, McGovern ar
rives in this city on Thursday morning,
accompanied by his wife, Sam Harris,
Danny Dougherty and Joe Humphries. •
Prior to the main event McGovern will
box a four-round exhibition bout with his
sparring partner, Dougherty. Within a
fow days he will go into training for his
fight with Herrera, the local undefeated
featherweight. It is ' possible the fight
will bo brought off in Fresno, as fight pro
moters in that city Intimate that they will
put up a big purse for the go.
Dave Sullivan Bests McClelland/
LOUISVJLLE. K>'-. April 29.— Jack Mc-
Cltlland of Plttsburg was knocked out in
tho twentieth round to-night by Dave Sul
livan of Brooklyn, The contest was be-,
fore the Southern Athletic Club. Three
thousand persons saw tho fight. Tho men
weighed 12u pounds at 3 p. in. When Mc-
Clelland got the knockout nine out of ten
In the Jiouse • thought Sullivan did not
lmvo steam enough left to knock out a
child. Ho wns, howover, playing hls.us.
uai waiting game, and when the opening
camo Sullivnn sent his opponent down for
eight seconds with a left and right upper
cut.'"He repeated the dose when jMcClel
land got up and the latter went down for
It PODS '
Before the fight it was announced that
one month from to-night Terry McGovern
would meet the winner before the South
ern Athletic Club. A challenge to meet
the winner Vas also announced from
Clarence Ritchie of San Francisco.
'• •• —t •
Matthews Gets the l>scision.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 29.— Matty
Matthews of Brooklyn got tho decision to
night in a twenty-round contest for tho
welter-weight championship of the world
over Tom Couhig of Dunkirk, N. Y. Cou
hlg had all the better of the light up to
tho eighth round, but in the ninth Mat
thews landed a couple of stiff punches on
Couhig's nose, breaking it. Matthews
continued playing for Cpuhig's broken
nose. and In the eighteenth round landed
a hard one on Couhtg's eye, cutting it bad
ly. The fight was given to Matthews In
the twentieth round, but the decision was
unfavorably received by the crowd. The
bout took place Under the auspices of tho
New Monarch Athletic Club.
Withdraws in Conger's Favor. >
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, April 29.— George D.
Perkins has withdrawn | from the contest
for the Iowa Ropubllcan f gubernatorial
nomination. In announcing his withdraw
al, he said: . • ¦•
"Edwin II. Conger, upon his return to
tho United States, having reiterated his
assurance that he. would accept the nom
ination of the Republicans of Iowa for
Governor 'if they should decide to ' tender
tho nomination to him, , I desire to with
draw my name from consideration In con
nection with that^offlce/^ •
Conditional" Pardon for Bolin.
LINCOLN; Nebr., April 29.— Governor
Dietrich to-day granted a conditional par
don to Henry Bolini sentenced flvo years
Pgo to nineteen -years, in the penitentiary
upon conviction of having, as treasurer
of Omaha, embezzled $100,000 of city funds.
Bolln - is « growing >. old ¦: and his ; health is
breaking.;^ Influential ' men signed the pe
tition for his pardon. ' \C
Supervisor Reed presented a resolution
at the meeting of the board' yesterday
which is intended to determine the rights
of the. board in the matter of raising- the
license on street cars and compelling the
Market-street Railway Company to keep
its roadways paved. The resolution fol
lows: „ . ' . ¦ .. '
Resolved, That the City Attorney Is requested
to give his opinion to the Board of Supervisors
on the following three questions:
First— What is the duty of the Market Street
Railway Company with ¦ respect to keeping
Market street- paved, and has this board au
thority to compel the said company to repave
the space between its tracks on Market street
in the same manner that the municipality has
paved the remainder of the street?
• Second — Does the fact that some of the fran
chises of the Market Street Railway Company
provide that no higher annual license than $15
a street car may be Imposed have any force
or effect to prevent Boards of Supervisors un
der the charter from making: a different and
higher rate of taxation?
Third— Under subdivision 27 of section 1,
chapter II, article II of the charter, where it
ia proyided that the Board of Supervisors shall
have the power "to fix, establish and reduce
the fares and charges for transporting- pas
aengers and goods" on street railways, has
this Board of Supervisors power to reduce fares
Arbitrarily, or must it first make an investiga
tion into the actual value of the property of
the railway company used in transporting- pas
sengers and ' goods and establish a rate which
shall afford a reasonable return upon such ac
tual value?
Bratmhart Opposes Besolution.
Braunhart, who . "was in an objecting
mood, opposed the .adoption of the reso
lution on the ground that it was abso
lutely impossible to reduce fares without
an investigation. Regarding the duty of
the Market-street Company to keep Its
roadways in repair, Braunhart referred to
its promise to take up abandoned tracks,
which it had not kept. Brandenstein
held that the fares could not be reduced
arbitrarily and the question on that sub
ject was eliminated from the resolution.
Reed explained that Vice President Hol
brook of the Market-street Company had
denied the right of the board to compel it
to pave Its roadway with the same ma
terial as the rest of the street. The reso
lution was then adopted so as to include
questions one and two within its pro
visions. '
•Valley Road Gets Franchise.
The ordinance fixing the amounts of the
official bonds of officers and employes of
the Board of Works was passed to print.
The ordinance granting permission to
the San Francisco and San Joaquln Valley
Railway Company to maintain tracks on
Georgia, Fourth and Michigan streets was
passed to print. Reed, who voted in favor
of the ordinance, gave notice of reconsid
eration with the object of Inserting a pro
vision that the company be required to
pave the streets named from curb to curb
in accordance with the charter, and the
ordinance was again passed to print in
that form.
The ordinance providing for the payment
of $2000 to S. H. Kent. O. B. Martin. A. J.
Raisch and H. C. Robinson for services as
members of the Board of Appraisers for
the extension ot the park pandhandle was
passed to print. Hotallng opposed the
ordinance because he held that though the
bonds were declared invalid the apprais
ers might be called upon to perform addi
tional labor in connection with the pro
posed, improvement.
Valley Road Gets Franchise.
Money for Panhandle
Appraisers.
Supervisors Seek Opin
ion as to Power to
. Legislate.
WANT COMPANY
TO PAVE STREET
Buildings • Used for Lodging
Houses Must Be Made
Fireproof.
¦ ¦ v " ¦ ? — .
Supervisor Brunhart vigorously opposed
the adoption of a resolution providing for
the additional expenditure of funds for the
Investigation of public utilities at yester
day's meeting of the board. The resolu
tion directs the City Engineer to make
plans and furnish estimates of the cost
of the ownership and completion by the
city of water works having their sources
of supply from the Stanislaus River or
the Tuolumne River: also to include the
cost of transmitting electric power from
the sources named to tBis city.
The expenses incurred are to be paid out
of the appropriation remaining in the
public utilities fund, which City Engineer
Grunsky has stated will be exhausted at
the end of the fiscal year. Notwithstand
ing Braunhart's opposition the resolution
was adopted. • .
Heights of Buildings.
The ordinance limiting: the heieht of
buildings used for 1 hospital purposes to
four stories and providing that they be
of brick or other fireproof material, was
laid- over for one week.
McCarthy opposed the ordinance limit
ing the height of buildings to be used for
hotel or lodging house purposes to sixty
feet. The ordinance was then passed and
the limitation eliminated but requiring
such buildings to be constructed of fire
proof materials.
The ordinances granting permission to
J. L,. Flood to erect a building 180 feet in
height on Market and Powell streets, and
to C. E. Green and H. T. Scott to erect a
twelve story building on .Geary and
Powell streets were finally passed. Simi
lar permission was granted to' the Mu
tual bank -for. a building- on Market street
near Kearny.
The Board of Health was requested to
direct its chemist to make analyses of the
water of the Spring Valley works four
times each month. " •
Regulates Digging Up Streets. ¦
The ordinance prohibiting the digging
up of any public street without a permit
from the Board of Works was finally
passed.
The ordinance accepting the grant of a
right of way at Bernal station from the
Southern Pacific Company, was .finally
passed.
The tax payers in the -vicinity of Ber
nal Station filed a petition requesting that
the Southern Pacific Company be com
pelled to remove the fence now obstruct
ing St. Mary's avenue so that It mav con
nect with the old San Jose road and Roan
oke street. . -
The ordinance denning the fire limits
was passed to print. . • • ¦-
Attorney Thomas -F. Peridergast pe
titioned the board on behalf of the whole
sale sheep butchers that the pound ordin
ance be considered by the Judiciary Com
mittee or the City- Attorney in order
that the legal rights of the citizens may
not be infringed.
The Mayor was authorized to arrange
for the electric lighting of the City Hall
dome on the occasion of President Mc-
Kinley's visit.
Braunhart Opposes In
vestigation of Public
Utilities. '
DOES NOT WANT
FUND EXPENDED
MARY ATKINS LYNCH
TO MEET OLD PUPILS
Was First to Establish Girls' School on This
Coast— She Will Be an Honored Guest
at' Mills College on Founder's Day
TEACHERS' PLANS
FULLY ARRANGED
» •
From Morning Until Night
Mirth and Music Will
Pill Glen Park.
Mayday Entertainment
Likely to Be Grand
Success.
Then will come singing by massed
choruses from all schools, led by the
singing teachers of the department. The
Anspacher military band, from the
Hebrew Orphan Asylum, will give an
open-air concert after the games. Dur
ing the balloon ascension the band will
play "Up in a Balloon. Boys," specially
arranged for the occasion.
The programme announced for the
theater in the afternocn is as follows:
First Performance — 1 o'clock. 10c Admission.
Chorus, pupils from the Denman School, under
the direction of Mr. Mann, principal.
Tambourine dance
Alice Her.ry. Irvir.fr Scott School
Cornet solo, selected William Mahood
Recitation. "The Raggedy Man"
Frances Robinson,
(Pupil of Miss Jenne M. Long.)
Japanese fan drill
Pupils from Irving Scott School
Accompanied by Miss Nunan.
Second Performance— 2 o'clock. 10c Admission.
Vocal solo, "The- Holy City"
Dan Gorham, Clement School
Accompanied by Miss May Woodbridge.
Story, "The Man in the Moon"
." Hazel Callahan
(Pupil of Miss Jenne M. I»n£T.)
Trombone solo, selected Alfred Ronco\'ieri
Sketch, "She 'Difplained' It"
Isabella Warrock and Ruth Wilson
(Pupils of Miss Jenne M. Long-.)
Dumbbell drill, boys of San Francisco Turn
Verein.
Calisthenics, girls of San Francisco Turn
Verein.
Wand drill, boys of San Francisco Turn Verein.
Under direction of Professor Hans Goetz.
Third Performance — 3 o'clock. 10c Admission.
Flag dance... Alva Jeffreys, Irvinp Scott School
Xylophone solo Mr. Kochman
Recitation, "An Arithmetical Problem"
Hazel Donohue
(Pupil of Miss Jenne M. Long.)
Buck and wing- dance
Frances Dougherty. Irving Scott School
Doll drill tarranired by Miss Josephine Kean),
children from the Burnett School.
Fourth Performance — t o'clock, 10c Admission.
Skirt danoe.. Anita Cusack. Irving Scott School
Recitation, "Brown Has His Hair Cut"
Florence Roberts
<Pup:l of Miss Jenne M. Long:.)
Vocal solo, selected Henry -La Faille
"Down I'pon the Suwanee River" dance —
Eddie Dougherty, Irving Scott School
Sore. "Say, Won't You Come Out and
l'lay?" Harel Callahan
"<Pupll of MIfs Jenne M. Long.)
Mi»s Gertrude M.» Grady, accompanist.
Singing by Massed Choruses.
High School athletics will commence at
10 o'clock under the direction of Professor
George S. Miehling of the Olympic Club.
William Greer Harrison will be referee
and John Elliott starter. There will be a
small army of judges, timers, scorers,
clerks of the course, announcers and
other track officials. AH kinds of ath
letic events will be included.
ti. A. Jordan. Deputy Superintendent of
Schools chairman and director of festival;
Miss T. C. Stohr, Fremont School, secretary;
Eelden Sturges, vice principal of Everett
School, treasurer: ticket managers— Miss L. T.
Fowler, ex-principal of Normal School; Dr.
TV B. Howard, Deputy Superintendent of
Schools; R. H. Webster, Superintendent of
Schools, president of the day; Elisha. Brooks,
principal of Girls' Hi£h School, errand marshal;
aids— W. X. Bush, principal of Polytechnic
Hiph School; C. H. Murphy, principal of Com
mercial School; L. A. W. Taaffe, principal of
the Humboldt Evening High School; chairman
of reception committee, A. L. Mann, principal
of Denman School; board of reviewers— Hon.
James D. Phelan, Mayor; General William R.
Shatter. U. P. A.; Hon. Julius Kahn, M. C;
Board of Education— Mrs. Mary W. Kincaid,
president; James Denman, C. W. Mark, John
Casserly; Deputy Superintendents — W. de L.
Kingsbiiry. W. B. Howard and D. J. Sullivan.
The cottage at the west of the Glen is the
hf-aflquarttrs of the executive committee. Con
veniences for the press, including a. telephone —
physicians and guardians for lost children are
also here.
The colors for the day adopted by the man
epemrnt are those of the two universities— blue
aiio grcld and red.
It has taken nearly one ton of paper for the
20.000 programmes. Thus it will be seen that
advertisers have enjoyed an excellent medium.
The programme for the day will be un
der the supervision of the following com
mittee:
Here is one of the announcements:
Headquarters at th« Cottag-e.
Up In the various offices of the Super
intendent of Schools and his deputies,
busy workers are doing all in their power
to -wind up the arrangements. It is a
regular hurdle race Just now, but every
member of the committee promises to be
first at the post with his or her share of
the programme.
All preparations are complete for the
big Mayday gathering of teachers and
children at Glen Park to-morrow. The
•'Mayday Herald," the official pro
gramme, has now attained to the dignity
of twenty-four pages as against twenty
last year, and according to the announce
ment of Its publishers, promises to be
come, only In point of circulation, a rival
to the great dailies. That is what the
teachers say, and they are proud of the
fact.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 29.— H. M. S.
Condor, which arrived irom <he south on
Sunday, did not have any yellow fever
on board, all patients having been landed
at Panama. One slight case occurred
aftf-r the vessel left Panama, but the pa
tient was better the next day.
No Ysllow Fevsr Aboard.
SAN JOSE, April 29.— The City Council
to-night passed on Us first reading an or
dinance calling an flection to bo held on
June 6 to decide the question of Issuing
bonds to the amount of $217,000 for muni
cipal Improvements.
San Jose Bond Election.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, Ai^KlL 30, 1907.
9
*J&fi&m? In Fifteen Days
* Gran-SolTent" dlssolyes Stricture like mow 6»
oeath the sun, reduces Enlarged Prostate &n«
Itrenstnens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains and
Emissions In Fifteen Days. •¦ '2'Z^
No drugs to rain the stomach. bnt» direct loeu
•nd positive application to ttie entire nrethral track
Gran-Sol*ent Is not a liquid, It is prepared \%
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and Uexlbl*
tad to narrow a* to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe St, James Assn.. Box SM. Cincinnati, O.. na*
prepared at ttrtnl expense an exhaust- PWf [•!
Ire Illustrated Treatise upon the male L W L L
S«ern. which th*i will send to any P Hrr j
route applicant, . ¦¦¦&¦*¦¦
CT lUIF^l^SN 23OELMST.,
51. JA.11C3 A33R., Cincinnati, Ohio.
' I have on hand NOW a dozen deals
that are bound to pay BIG. DIVI-
DENDS. If you wish to Ret in on any
of them call on or address
JAS. R. T. MERSHON,
Dealer in Legitimate Stocks Only.
537, 53S, 530, 550 PARROTT BDC, S.F.
DS. HALL'S REIN VIGOR AT0Rj£?3fS§
Five hundred reward for any ttJ^naSS
case we cannot cure. This secret ISB*" BEm
remedy stops all losses In 2-4 hours. M __ii
cures Emisslona, Impotency. Vari- MJMj ESS
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits. f?*f?1 ftfrn
Strictures, Lost Manhood and ail Whl LUCj
wasting: effects of self-abuse or ragH_fjSa
excesses. Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bx2UQCc£sfl
bottles. $3; ruaranteed to euro any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTK. 853
Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also for sale at 1073H
Market st.. 8. P. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
S!O#^RUP!UHE.OURED
S3 1 ii£ffMi£*\&?fo for T£iS DOLLARS.
afo4 ffiy>. »* their own honws tor ih:*
%|Pt 1 1 ?l%y *^ o^"'* he r i4Ft3r^i^
i^TBTrnP^%^l-itI s . tared! 5?o VorthSess »alTe«
. <; 'JCpjj f^yyfetjgsi or lotions to ru 1 !* on. It (tort
> \D »=«^3» the work. IriYMtlxatf!
"BoakVtXft.1" (rtvlnsr rull Information in.^neil. *mrne<tU-
»tely on receipt "c •f*nii>*n«HhlaartTt. < i » !1 t £ r * < }, t 1 1 |r?
ttAQ»mo truss zoe post st /— *.SAsraAMcisca.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INV1GORA-
tor and Nervine.
i The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE 'Agent*.
323 Market st. S. F.-(Send for Circular*.)
DR.MEYERS&GOL'
Specialists. Dls-
easo and Weakness
of men. Estab-
lished 1881. Consul-
tation and private
book free, at office
or by mail. Cures
guaranteed. Till
Market street (ele-
vator entrance),
San Francisco.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ch 1051 l£i.BS3T3T. let. e-JiSTth.S.r.Cal.
C|r The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
_J World. Weaknesses or any contracted
{Fir Sffd disease po«iti*rly cared hyt.ie oldest
JI55 5|1 Specialist on the Coast Est. 36 years. >
J«2?# ft CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
9 Ap. vjy ft U Corwiltitlon free and strictly prWate.
I xSrisSf fl Treatment personally or by letter. A
H f/ t5 W P°*i tivt Pure in every case undertaken. :
S I II » Write for Rook. PBH.OSOl'HY of
I II \Vi BIAnnlACE. MAILED FREE. ( A
Jl If. valuable book for men)
mi. JORDAN <Sr <"O.. 1051 Mnrlcpt St.. S. F.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av».
Office 1OO4 Market Stress.
Telephone— South 42O,
Another point— we obtain this finish with
least wear on your linen, thus giving it a
longer lease of life. Of course, if you want
to experiment elsewhere, you're at liberty
to do so, but you'll be satisfied hero first,
last and always.
Over the quality of our laundry work, or
over the fact of our full domestic finish
being the proper thing for full-dress
shirts.
3>SPUTED
&C>ktionS
NEVER ARISE
No remedy but Paine's celery com-
pound has ever been recommended by
so conspicuously fair-minded a body
of men and women. It occupies a
clear field among men of sound judg-
ment in the cure of diseases arising from
a tired or otherwise impaired nervous
system.
There is no help so sure and so im-
mediate as one gets from the use of
Paine's celery compound. Detailed in-
formation of innumerable cases of rheu-
matism, neuralgia and dyspepsia, com-
pletely cured, has established this srreat
invigorator as the most valuable remedy
those run down in health can make
use of.
Better nutrition for the nerves, an
awakened appetite, purified blood, and
complete assimilation of the food —
these follow the faithful use of Paine's
celery compound as surely as day fol-
lows night.
Paine's celery compound frees the
body of vicious humors that have ac-
cumulated during the winter, and are
the cause of kidney and liver complaints.
Only a great remedy based on a pro-
found knowledge of these diseases
could do the work that Paine's celery
compound is now doing.
Paine's celery compound has ac-
quired its tremendous reputation for
making people well by direct personal
testimony from men and women who
have used it. No testimonial has ever
been piibiished for this great remedy
that could not be easily verified at first
hand by any one at . all interested.
Nothing has ever been claimed for
Paine's celery compound that it has
not accomplished in hundreds of cases.
For the guidance of thoughtful peo-
ple who recognize the need of purify-
ing the blood and regulating the
nerves in the spring, the following
letter to the proprietors of Paine's
celery compound from Secretary of
State Berg of Minneapolis will be of
the utmost value in determining upon
a trustworthy spring remedy:
St. Paul, Minn., Jan. 4, 1901.
Dear Sir.3:
One can show no greater faith than
by taking a remedy for one's health.
No better testimonial of excellence
can be offered than the recommenda-
tion of tl.?.t remedy to one's friends.. 1
have taken Paine's celery compound
myself, and as a result heartily com-
mend it to others.
ALBERT BERG.
SECRETARY OF STATE.
an* ¦ II 11 pi ft !¦ ¦
Minnesota Has No Firmer Believer in
Paine's Celery Compound.
PAINE'S CELEBY' COMPOUND.
Cured While
You Sleep
refli^^i^ 3
Klfl B&sgf A u^ H dfcfc
JH MM fci Hi H K9H B ¦ SljH
n B 9 Eg ESso *¥s ttvJ9 GP 9 SatEafil
B v ifl. BfflLJMff^LH'Li— JLiMm Irffciffln
I Are YOU Bucket Blind ? ji
|j j^^^^^^^\ "Bucket Blind" ia a condition peculiar to women 'm
*^ 4&<>&fa> i l'rT^^ E^^^"SQi who persist in doing their housework in the hardest
fer \P,M ' '! J 1 *" n cl of way. The habit of drudgery, of using the ft*&
h*£ 1f*Wffl\ 'tr v '^ l^ r *' ; * ia^2$$3 scrubbing brush and the scrub bucket, blinds them ¦ fea
f£v tii-Iw *¦ l"^i'-" j— i-u ._„,,-_ Jft t° t^ 6 possibilities of easier and more modern meth- fa
\rd Jlllmii I llll HI ods — to the comfort that comes with the use of GOLD vyy
K~ rffl|| r r , r . . ._.|i JJL , $ DUST Washing Powder. "Women who use GOLD ~
ilii^llli 'lilfili cheaper than Boap or any other cleanser.
W\ W&iWI& a^ i g * ne u8e °^ goiag blind and [ tja
H iff! The N. K. Fairbank Company 3
.^^ Every Woman
.^<^Wt\\m is interested nnd should know
fW^\WAV(m about the wonderful
I^Sm™ ' MARVEL Whirling Spray
r^W^iMl ThenewTmstaalSjrUse. lnjec.
•>SsN^/* C£$l?jL 'ion and Suction. Rest— Sal-
\SrV^C^VSgf58&ifc* est— Most ConTenlenU
v ~ ¦-, tSjS^^fQforrrp^ It Utamts Instantly.
ratente4 "^"^ yt^Jel s-~~~*"*
it h-» .-"mot «uDi>iy tho XWP^Br ""/;iM*5
other, but tend stamp for 11- NX g '*tM\f
lustrate<lbook-««'«'.ltK^e8 Yfc . / '^JT
full particulars and directions in- %¦#„ m
JSlnahie to Indies. MAIIV*X CO.. WtftfW/ftW
503 Mission st.. San Francisco. v*+~*j*rThe rain weakened Bran and Rolled 'Barley,
Hay an d Fcedstu ffs.
FLOUR-Callfornta Family Extras. $3 40®3 C5,
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 30@3 40; Ore
eon, f 2 50©'2 75 per barrel for family and $2 75fi>
3 for bakers': Washington bakers'." $2 73(jt3.
¦ MILI^STUFFS— Prices In eacks aro as fol
low's.usual discount, to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; aye
Meal, $2 CO: Rice Flour, $7; Corn , Meal. $2 75:
extra cream do. ?3 £0: Cat Oroats. J4 50: Hom
iny. $3 50(33 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4©4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60;' Farina; U 60; 'Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 23; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
©7 CO; in Backs, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley, :$5;
fc'pllt Peas, $3; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. -
NHW YORK, April 29.-If thrre were any
douht» that the «r>cculallvft advance might
»><> Interrupted after tho holiday Interval, thpy
w<rc dlcpclltd within five minutes after trud-
Iru <ij»r.fd In th« n>w temporary quarters of
th» si, mU Kxrhanjr*. Tho flr»t transactions
«1»-mon«tratfd the lending position of the
Vnltwl States fitcel mocks, Union 1'aclflc and
North* in 1'Hdnc In tho epceulatlvo situation,
an-l that lrailrmhlp wss unaffected during
the whole of tho day. Thrr« was Kreat ac
tivity and mm* xtrlklng «trcni?th shown | )y
a number of Ktoc-ks, but they were InMgtiln
cant in comparison with the furious activity
and extraordinary prl<* changes In the traders.
Often during the day there were strips of
, several feet of tlcKct tnpe which recorded
bucctshlve transactions In one or the other
of thfK« etocks with not a single block of loss
than 1000 chares in the series and running up
to 8000 chares. The fxtn-me advance in ITnlon
J'aclfic extendrd to 12^ In.th- late afternoon
and in Northern Pacific to 10%. United States
ritcel stock did not show such wido fluctua
tions as It naturally would from the much
cr«-ater value of the company's capitalization
The stCK-k advanced 3% and the preferred 2%'
and held more firmly than almost any other
stock In the list. There were some very
striking changes among the Grangers, Pa
rities and Trunk lines, but these seemed to be
associated in the minds of the buyers wi'h
the movement in ITnion Pacific. Rock 'Island
\vai« at one time 6% over Friday. St. Haul 4%
New York Central 5, Pennsylvania Z\i, Balti
more and Ohio 3, Illinois Central 3>4, St. Louis
and San Francisco second preferred" 3 s ,;, and a
number of other stocks from 2 to 3 points.
Colorado Fuel -rose S points and Amalgamated
Copper 6%. It these stocks are set apart It
will be found that the dealings elsewhere and
tbe movement of prices otherwise was not
Nav York Stock Market.
I
; EASTERN MARKETS.
"Id wager something handsom« that
King Edward's late mail w22S ? t ™H con
gratulations." ,- u *"* C - Q «
"What was lt. then?"
"Probably two 'please remits' for «r«r»
godspeed."-Plain Dealer. -
PALACE IIOTE1
GRAND HOTEL.
W L Moore. Alameda
F Brooks. Wash. D C
F Peterson, Manila
A H Wnlte. Oakland
W Anderson, Covelo
W II McComas. Agnew
R I Kerr, Jackson
M E Ellis. Gllroy
C A Carroll, Calistoga
S K Adams, Arizona
C L Smythe. Los Ang
C E Sherman. Cal
W Mead & w, L Ang
Dr X. Whltfleld. L Ang
H E Medley, Cal
R L Lang. Berkeley
R S Arnold. Berkeley
J M Day. Los Ang
a H Foster & w. Cal
a A Crandall. L Ans
L Jacoby, Los Ang
L. "R Hewitt. Los Ang
W W Carpenter. WIs
C C Bush. Redding
C Sullivan. Albany
P A Ingcrsoll, Idaho
(I L Smith, Cal
H R Warren, Cal
A C Bridges A w. WIs
Mrs J E Sims. Ind
W Mulr. Siu-to
R S Williams & W,
Elizabeth, N J
A S Petf rs. Wash. D C
W T> O'Nell A w. Pa
II N O'Nell. Plttsburg
A J Lamon. Cal
O C Prentice, Willows
C I> Weldler. Sacto
C W Nlcklln, L. Anf
W H Eagle, Chicago
C B Rlxford, Chicago
J H Roberts, Sacto
O R Morris, Gr Valley
L. Du P Syle. Berkeley
D D Ollphant, Portlna
A G Conklln, Clevelnd
B D McQuiddy. Cal
C H du Eois. Bradford
B P Barker. Ltvermor*
N R Newlon & w. Cal
W L Churchill A w,
Alpena
Miss Churchill. Alpena
G Wort. Riverside
W V Miller. Cal
A S "Weiss, Chicago
L P Hammond, Chso
E F Prouty & w. Napa
J S Bewards. Cal
J F Overholt. Denver
W B StoddartJ. Colored
Mra M F. Kills. Oil my
Mrs F F Porter. Cal
Mrs A T Porter, Cal
K B Porter, 8 Crus
G O Graves. Portland
K Wlllcox. San Jo««
E L Webber. Napa
F L Hurley, St Louis
K F Surti, Denver
W M Cutter. Marysvtll
W Lloyd, Pennsylvania
F I> Rtephenson. Cal
F Klrlek A w. Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
# — : *
CHICAGO, April 29.— While the world's stocka
were bullish wheat traders were more im
pressed by Liverpool's refusal to follow the
aggressive advance here and heavy lines of
long stuff were offered, May at the opening
being quoted %®%c to %@'/2C lower at 73?i@
74c. Outside buying oilers cared for the offer
ings early, but the market showed no rallying
power. This .demand soon died out and longs,
discouraged further by the fall of rain In Cal
ifornia and the lack of export inquiry, the
liberality of receipts and the fact that bug
reports failed to show any spread of the pest,
continued to liquidate the remainder of the
session. May was gradually forced off to
72%c and the close was weak, 1%@%C lower
at 72% l §72%c There were no important rallies
on the way down.
May Corn was saved the weakness which
affected July by the neglect with which the
great majority of traders treated lt and by
Eupport from Phillips when the market needed
lt. The volume of trade was rather small.
July sold between 45%c and 45Vfcc and closed
?ic down at 45%c. May closed unchanged at
4S®48%C.
Oats were active and despite a moderate re
cession seemed firm at the bottom. . Elevator
people still led the buying, hedging agalnBt
cash Hales, while tha tush inquiry remained In
its previous satisfactory condition. May closed
W<5%c lower . at 26^c, but closed Vic down
at 2Uc. , . . • ' .'
The provision market wan dull and the tone
eonlcr because of heavy hog receipts and a
slump in Hog prlcex, hut prices suffered little
after thn opening. July pork closed unchanged
at $14 C7%, July lard 'VMlOo down and July
ribs 2%@5o depressed.
The leading tutures ranged'as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Clo*e.
Wheat No. 2—
May 74 74 72%, 72%
July 75 75 73% 73%
Corn No. S— .
April 4S<4
May 47T4 4!)% 47«i W«
July 45% 4&?t 45% 43%
Oats No. J!— . .. • '• . t v.-
May .>, 27%- 27T4 20% 2«%
July A 20% 2«% 2o?» 20
Mnits I'ork, per barrel—
Moy 14 47% 14 .Ml 14 4214 14 47V6
July -11 r.7Vi 14 70, Jl r,7',i 11 1:7 '/j
Lard, per 100 poundr—
May XV) 8 10 SO.-, 8 0.'
July 8 00 800. 707% .707%
September. 7 87% SOO • 7 87% 7 97"/»
Short'Mbs, per 100 pounds—
Mny 8 17% 8 20 8 17% 8 17%
July 7 00 7 92% 7 90 7 92%
September 7 SO ¦ 7 80 7 87% 7 87%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, de
mand more moderate; No. 3 spring wheat.
71%<&>72%c: No. 2 red. 7.V ( |74%r; . No. 2 corn,
4«c; No. 2 yellow, 48c; No. 2 oats. 2G@27»4c:
No. 2 white, 2SHc: No. 3 white, 27c; No 2
rye, 51%c;'Kood feeding barley, 61@E5c; rair to
choice malting. 66@58c; No. 1- flaxseed; $1 64;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 64; prime timothy seed.
$3 90; mess pork, per barrel. $14 50^14 55: lard,
per 1C0 pounds, $3 12%; short-rib sides (loose)
$8 OSffiS 23; dry raited shoulders (boxed), $6 87%
©7 12%; Bhort clear Bides (boxed), $S 37%(g>8 50;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade, $10 03@12 nO. ,
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Klour, barrels 19,000 15,000
Wheat, bvi8he!» 78.UC0 247,000
Corn, bushels 15f>,0C0 • 271000
Oats, bushels 317,000 1.225 000
Rye. bushels s.COO " 23'coo
Barley, bushels '..'18, COO 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter 1
market. was dull; . creamery, l4@19V4c; dairy
U@17c Cheese, ;9ft.ffllc/.. J?ggs wealt 12c '
Kan KranclHco and vicinity— Cloudy and un
settled weuther Tuesday, with occasional light
thov/ers; frtth southerly winds.
ALEXANDER Q. McADIE.
Forecast Ofltclal.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday, probobly rain; warmer; brisk
to hich southwest winds.
Nevada— Cloudy and unsettled weather Tues
day, with thowers; fre*h southerly winds.
L'tah— Cloudy and unsettled weather Tues
day; britOc southeast winds.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday, probably showers
fresh (southeast winds.
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday, with light showers in the
central and northern portion and heavy ehow
<v% In the southern portion; warmer; fresh
tcutherly vindn.
No rain has as yet fallen south of the
Tehachapi although unusually heavy rainfalls
are reported on this side of the range. At
Kan Luis Obispo a rainfall of 2.S4 Inches is re-
IK.rted in the past twelve hours.
Much warmer weather may be expected In
the great valleys of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 3», 190L
The pressure has risen slowly along the coast
of California north of Ean Francisco and
rapidly over Washington. It has fallen over
Southern California and Southern Nevada.
The Ftojm has moved elowly southward along
the Sierras.
Ean Francisco data.— Maximum temperature,
££; minimum. SI; mean, IZ.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AXD GEXERAL
KOaECAST.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Ioformnl Bes«lon-0;15 o'clock-Decembrr-loi.
OOir'ctln, 7J%o; 18,000, 73%o. May— 2000, 77c.
Second session— December— 4000 ctls, 73%c. '
Rt'KUlnr Morning Bosnian— December— 4010
cHk, 73HC; 2000, 73%c; MOO, 73Mc May— 2030,
76c.
Aftrrnoon Session-December— 2000 ctls, 74V4o;
18.000. 74Ue.
OATH— Tho rain produced no effect whatever
on tho market, which continued dull, but
closely held. White. $1 87%(fiDl r.0; Surprise,
nominal; Rrd, $1 Z2\b@l 43; lilack, $1 17%©
1 27% per ctl.
, ; CORN— Tho market remains firm and un
changed. All kinds are quoted at $1 30 per
ctl.
RYE-S0(5S2%c per ctl.
UUCKWilEAT- Is quoted at $1 63(51 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse.
CALL HOARD SALES
Feed, 77%o for No. 1 and 75c for off grades;
Hn'wliiK and Shipping gradon, 82%iQ'S5c; Chev
alier, nominal.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
4000 Ctls, *10G; 32,000, $1 05%; 73.U00, $105%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $105',J;
2000, $10'.%; 16,000, $103^1 4000, $1 03%; 18.0U0,
$105. . May— 12,000, $1; 4UO0. 09T4c; 8000, SOXc;
6000. £9%c; £000, 99Vic.
Regular Morning Session — Decembor— 2000
Ctls, $105%; 2000, $IO5M; 0000. $105%; 20,000,
$1 05%. May— 4000, Il9%c; 4000, 93%c; 4000, 8U%o;
24.000, |1. ¦ f
Afternoon Session— December — 6000 ctls,
$106%; 4000, $105%; 12,000, $1 05H.
JJAHL13Y— Tho rain broke the market as ex
poctud, iiinl mUpih found themselves without
buyeru, only one trttnwictlon being reported on
•Chaneo. Futures nlso droppnd Nharply..
CALL BOARD SALES.
The American visible supply decreased ' 1,
513,000 bushels. The world's shipments for the
week in quarters were; Russian, 120,000;
Danubian, 61,000; Argentine, 91,000; Australian,
39,000.
This market declined, owing to thoT-aln, and
there was lively trading on call, as will be
seen. '•>'«
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 01%<3>l 02VJ; milling,
$105@107>4.
WHEAT— The copious rain ' of Sunday j dis
turbed the market, not only here, but at Chi
cago. That market opened lower owing to the
rain In California, -but unfavorable . reports
from the Southwest tended to check the de
cline. Speculation increased, byt foreign ca
bles were disappointing. There was more talk
about Hessian fiy. Some carried over long
wheat was thrown on the market, but 'was
well taken. As the session advanced many dis
gusted longs became demoralized over the
California rain3 and threw their wheat on the
market and Armour bought 1.200,000 bushels
from them and scattered sellers. ¦ . •
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 94 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 490
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15.
Silver, per ounce — 5954
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 49 ',4 @ 60
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
MI8C13LLAN13OU8 UOND8.
Bay CPC 6s. 104 — Oak W Co Is. 104 —
OaUst Cab Sit.llT — Oceania S3 6slO4 105
n C Water 6b.H0 — Om C n 6s.... 128 —
B L & P 6«..12S\4133}4 I'ac O Imp 4s. — —
V & Cl Ry «8.115 — Pk & Cl H 6s. 105 —
Geary-et It Gs. — — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Haw C C',4s..lO6ti — Powell-st R 6sl2O —
Haw Co GS....102 — S E G & U 53 — 100
L A R R Ss.. — 114 S F & SJV Bs.imj —
L A L Co 6a. — 102 . S R of Cal 6s.llO —
Do gntd 6s. — 104 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 58.100 — (1309) 113'i —
L A P R R 5slO2% — Do (1910) .a.114 —
Do 1st C 53.101 — S P C 6s (1905,
Market-st C 6s — 127«4 Series A) ...106*4 —
Do 1st C Ss.122% — Do (SerieSB)107U —
NCNGRJs- 113% Do (1906) ....110 —
N R of Cal 6sll3li — Do (1912) .... — —
N R of Cal 5S.119 — Do 1st g 5s.. 1064 —
N P R R 6s.lO2% — S P Br R 6a. .131 —
N P R R 5s. — 109 S V Water 6s.ll3*-4 —
N Cal R 5s.. — 114% Do 4s 103^103%
O G L & H 5sllO% — Do , 3d mtg. — 103U
Oak Tr Co 6s.ll6 — Stkn G & E 6sl00 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 74% 73Vi I Spring Valley. 86 87}J
Marln County 53?T — i
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Pac Lt Co.... 42£ 43%
Eqult Gas .... 3% 3% Sac E G & R. — —
Mut E L Co. 3% — S P G & E... 37% 3S%
O O L & H.. 50 — San Francisco. 4H 4%
Pac Gas Imp 36% 37% Stktn G & E. 7% —
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem-s Fund. 233 243 |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 72% — Lon P A A.... 147 —
Bank of Cal. .406 — Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.103% — S F National. — 125
1st N of S F..310 315
T SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 273 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust .. — —
S F Sav U....515 — 1
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st . — 140 O S L A H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47%— Presidio S3 30
Market-st .... 70 ,71
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 72% 73Vj|Vlgorlt :.. 8% 3%
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan..... 7 7% Kllauea 19% 20%
Haw Com .... 55 — Makawell .... 40% — j
Honokaa 30% — Onomea 23 29
Hutch S P 20 20% Paauhau 30% 31
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS..
Alaska Pack..l36%137 Oceanic SS Co 47% 43%
Cal Fruit Can 94 9S Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine AsnlOO — Pac C Bor Col52 —
Mer Ex Assn.110 — Par Paint Co. 16 —
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 Aetna 18
1500 Aetna 17
1000 California-Standard, b 30 39
200 Lion 15
200 Monarch of Arizona 65
SOO Occidental of W Va, b 30 61
100 Petroleum Center 15
100 Sterling 2 00
100 Twenty-Eight 1 37% 1
Street—
1000 Occidental of W Va 60
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Four Oil Co 50
10 Hanford, b 30 ICO 00
2C0 Linda Vista 15
550 Monarch of-Arizona 55
1200 Petroleum Center 14
1000 Petroleum Center, b 19 15
- 100 Reed Crude 43
100 Reed Crude 44
50 Sterling 197%
Street- ¦~;;.\k
300 Reed Crude 45
50 Home Oil 3 40
SAN' FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
2000 Cal & Utah Oil Co / 25
200 Home Oil 3 40
30 Peerless 1 1. 8 ]2%
50 Peerless 8 25
50 Peerless, b 60 , 8 60
200 Petroleum Center 15
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1SC0 Cal & Utah Oil Co 23
200 Monarch of Arizona 53
100 Peerless $ i;u
60 Peerless, b 90 S «iU
S00O Petroleum Center 14
100 Sterling, b 20 200
Mornlnc Session.
Hoard—
4 Alnxkii Packers* Association 131 no
20 Alaska Packers" Association -.133 00
K Ala»ka Packer*' Association 133 B0
25 Alnska H-ifkern* Association 132 73
60 Alanka Packers' Association 131 00
IS Alanka Packers* Asuoclatton. • 90.133 00
10O Contra Costa Water.. 7-, nA
r.0 Hutchlnson S P Co " ¦><> «->t 4
100 itutchlnson 8 P Co ; 5,, B ,y*
$4,000 L/i Angeles Lighting 6« 100 m
ll.OUO Markft-gt Ry Con &¦ bonds 122 73
BO Paauhau 8 1' Co 8173
joo Pacific UaH Imp 37 no
20 S(F Oas & tUcctrlc Co as BO
TO 8 V Gas Sz Electric Co. a 90.... 3S 50
30 8 V Gas & Electric Co. 3.S 2*1
100 S V Has & Kiectrlc Co as l"';
22 8 F Oa» & Electric Co 3s no
250 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 31 00
$2,000 8 P of A bonds (1909) 113 2>
00 Spring Valley Water gs 00
$3,000 Spring Valley 6s bonds U3 23
Street—
$10,000 Hawaiian CAS Coifs 1P2 00
1C0 Onomea Sugar Co...j 28 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
70 Alaska Packers' Association 133 00
20 Alaska Packers' Association 133 50
?0 Alaska Packers' Association lag 00
• 45 Alaska Packers' Association 136 50
2o Alaska Packers' Association 136 62%
150 Contra Costa Water . 75 00
15 Hana Plantation Co....:.....T..... '7 50
20 Hana Plantation Co. s 2... 7 50
E0 Hutchtnscn S P Co 20 25
10 Makawell 40 73
40 Oceanic. Steamship Co.... 43 00
20 Oceanic Steamship Co, b 10 48 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 38 00
25 S F Gas & Elevtric Co.,.. 33 00
. "JO S F Gas & Electric Co. s. 90 .37 75
EO ST Gas'ft Electric Co..: 37 73
10 Spring Valley Water 87 25
' 20 Spring Valley 'Water .....87 00
Street— • \
60 Giant Powder Con.........'.......... 73 00
California dried fruits were Inactive but
steady at unchanged prices. Prunes, 3%(g7c per
pound, as to size and quality. Aprlcots^-Royal,
7^Q12c; Moorpark, 8'/i^l3c. Peaches— Peeled.
7%c; unpeeled, 6<&5',&c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 83,230 bushels; exports,
86.G69. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 83%c f. o. b.,
8094c elevator. Options opened weak and de
clined under disappointing English cables, gen
eral unloading, foreign selling, small export
trade and fine domestic crop news in the face
of bullish weekly statistics, and closed weak,
lHc net lower. May closed 80%c, July 79c,
COFFEH-Optlons closed steady, • with prices
net 10@20 points higher. Sales. 21.750 baps, in
cluding: May. $5 3.' Tr 5 45; July, $5 COW 5 65;
August, $5 70. Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8U@12V4c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm but quiet; fair refining,
3 ll-16c; centrifugal, 86 test, 4 3-16®4«ic; re
fined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled slow,
but was well maintained as to price, owing to
the light supply on hand. State common were
quoted at 3® 4c; prime, 4V4@4T4c; fancy, 6@6VaC.
NEW YORK, April 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
34,300 barrels; exports, 10.29L Market easy and
lower.
(iroth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 29—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty-
Weather %eport.
Mail advices from New York say: "Trade
continues very quiet in nearly all lines. Raisins
arc selling in a email way at the low prices
brought about by the recent cut on seeded on
the coast. Holders ask 5c for - good quality
2-crown loose muscatels, C^c for 3-crown and
.'to? for 4-crown. Some 3-crown of not par
ticularly desirable quality can be bought at
less, it is understood. Spot stocks of loose
available at the quotations given, however, are
not large, some of the largest holders not
offering goods at all on the present market.
A little business is doing In seeded on the
Fpot. but If there is any buying from the
coast it Is being kept very quiet. Prunes are
selling in a small way on the spot.
"Local supplies of apricots are now closely
controlled, the bulk of the goods being in the
]>cssesFlon of a leading jobbing house. All
cheap lots of good quality have been virtually
taken oft the market. Bids of around 7c are
made for choice Moorparks, but holders are
firm at 8c. There Is some speculative Inquiry
fcr unpeeled peaches in bags at 4g4Hc. Con
sumptive demand for peaches shows some
flight Improvement also. Dates are easier.
Hallowi, it is understood, can be bought as
low as 3c. Apples are very dull. Prime are
. offered at 4*jc. with 4' 4 c the best bid made."
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
Palmen— The activity thown in articles such
«» tea and pugttr, which may h# affected by
tho i-u.teri. ime had a Urpretelng influence on
bueintrt In «alraen. Thert li, however, «©
l-r«Mur<> i" »ell and prices are firmly adhered
in. the rtajlstleal tKWiUon being & urong one.
In Uvei'jwl there Keem* te be more Inquiry
rr ratmnn in l i»tt» tin*. Pruitn=-The Inw
t>iicm which have recently been accepted for
rallfornls. fruit*, particularly apricot*, ha* «t»
traetpd considerable attention to the article
and caused a considerable amount of business
to tie transacted. Th<-- . market may now be
quoted about W per doeen above the low-en
l>olnt touched, and at the higher prices there
Jf a fair amount of business passing.
The London CJroefr* 1 Qntette ©f April 1) *«>¦»'.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
The rain came Just in the nick of time and
«ai quite copious, ranging from half an inch
tot a fraction over two inches throughout the
central and northern counties. It almost Jn
•urrs good n,.j»a of >-ay and gratn and per
mit* the thorough cultivation of hundreds of
orvhardi which otherwise would have gone
through the season with a baked and cracked
toll. It did a vast amount of rood and no
damage worth talking about. It «Uo broke
the wheat end barky markets. A* will bo ee?n
»>rlow. - . ..
The Rain.
Exports cf canned goods from this port flur
!r.g th« nrst quarter ot the year amounted to
J11S.200. against $72.€5O for the same quarter
in 1900.
Exports of Canned Goods.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
Atchison l-'<-8
Atchison prefd S9\»
Baltimore & Ohio 1064
Canadian Pacific 100
Canada Southern 74
Chesapeake & Ohio 47V4
Chicago Great Western 25 1 ,i
Chicago Burlington & Quincy 198Ti
Chicago Ind & Louisville 37%
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 714
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 134V4
Chicago & Northwestern 210
Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 163
C C C & St Louis 84%
Colorado Southern 16%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 55V»
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 2T'.i
Delaware & Hudson ITSVs
Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 215
Denver & Rio Grande 46%
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 95%
Erie 39M
Erie 1st rfirefd 69%
Great Northern prefd 1&>%
Hocking Coal 15
Hocking Valley 52
Illinois Central 144V4
Iowa Central 31%
Iowa Central prefd 61
Lake Erie & Western 65
Lake Erie & Western prefd' 124
Lake Shore 200
Louisville & Nashville 108%
Manhattan Elevated 128V4
Metropolitan Street Railway 173V4
Mexican Central 22%
Minneapolis & St Louis 84%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
Missouri Pacific 10794
Mobile & Ohio 82
Missouri Kansas & Texas 32%
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 65%
New Jersey Central 158
New York Central 1561?
Norfolk & Western 52%
Norfolk & Western prefd 86%
Northern Pacific 118^4
Northern Pacific prefd 101%
Ontario & Western 357^
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
Pennsylvania 154%
Reading „ 391^
Reading let prefd 76%
Reading 2d prefd ;.. r.5%
Rio Grande Western 79
Rio Grande Western prefd 100
St Louis & San Fran 48%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 84',4
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 70%
St Louis Southwestern 37%
St L<ouis Southwestern prefd ...... «6
fct Paul -. ,..170
St Paul prefd 1948,4
Kt Paul & Omaha 109
Southern Pacific ...-. r>6
Southern Railway 30%
Southern Railway prefd 84%
Texas & Pacific 4gi£
Union Pacific 118%
Union Pacific prefd 90%
Wabash 20ft
Wabash prefd ..41%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 18«
Wh«-el!n«r & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 35
.: Wisconsin Central , 24
l'CC'4 St Louis 68
Hnitlnior* & Ohio prefd 92U
Thirl Aventie 124
Express Companies—
Adams ....1B0
American 109
United Ktatca gg
Wtlli Fnrco 143
Mlxcellunenuft—
American Cotton Oil 2714
Amrrlritn Oitton Oil prefd 8R%
Am?rlcn.n Malting c
Aniorlcnn Mnltlns prefd ' 24U
American Hmeltlng A Refining r.9
Am«rlcnn Krneltlng & Ref prefd.... 87
Amnrlcnn Spirits jiz
American Hplrit* prefd 17
American Tobacco ...12RV4
American Tobacco prefd....' 14s
\nocomla Mlnlns Co r,2
Brooklyn Rapid Transit R6U
Colorado Kuel & Iron.'.. .....l()fi%
Continental Tobacco 4r,»i
Continental Tobacco prefd 104'
General Klertrlc 227
OIucom Htigar r.8%
Glucose Sugar prefd ss%
I International Paper 25
International PaDer prefd 77
Larlede Uns 84
National Biscuit 40
National Biscuit prefd f)n%
National Lead 17
National Lead prefd.' 82
....... New York Air Drake 170
North American 87%
Pacific Count ...........; fij
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 93
Pacific Coast 2d prefd CO
Pacific Mail 40
People'B Gc* • 117%
Pressed Steel Car 46%
Pressed Steel Car prefd ;.... 87
]\illman Palacs Car.....' 208^4
Standard Rojie &'Twine 4U
Sugar -. .....147
Suear prefd '.:..• ..'..:.. 120 *•
Tennessee Coal & .Iron .„¦..... 66^4
United States Leather ...........' 13%
UnUed States Leather prefd 77l|
United States Rubber 20%
United States Rubber prefd 62
••"• Western Union :...:. 83
Republic Iron & Steel.... .:....:. 21%
Republic Iron & Steel prefd......... 17%
Amalgamated Copper .;..123%,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Dealings in Union Pacific convertible bonds
were in enormous volume and the price shot
up 7% points in response to the advance in
the common stock. Dealings otherwise were
large and price changes irregular. Total sales,
par value, $6,000,000. United States Gs ad
vanced V* and 4s coupon and refunding 2s H
per cent on the last call.
sensational. But contemplating these special
price movements and the volume of dealings
In the stocks enumerated, one has compasoed
the salient facts of the extraordinary market
of the day. There was no speclflo news to ac
count for the unprecedented dealings which
Unted the day's record to 2,760,000 shares. Ait
the vital point of tha speculation Is the money
supply, the increase In surplus reserves shown
by Saturday's bank statement was a favora
ble factor. The large gain In cash was noted
with especial satisfaction as reflecting tho
continued inflow of funds to New York. Much
store is placed also In the Government inter
est disbursements to be mado May 1 and
large corporation dividend payments are alao
counted upon for help to the money situation.
The reliance rlaced on these factors was made
evident by the small monetary effect of the
fncagement of fl,760,OO0 in gold for export and
the opinion of exchange experts that probably
I&.000.UOO might go out during the week, There
was *ome uuubt as to the destination ot the
gold, but that It would go to the Continent
and not to London neemed evident, The en*
KHtjriu.ni of 11,000.000 additional for London
van unknown until After the close. The de
cline of the Continental exchangee in London
in vplte of the rather pletherlo condition of
the Continental money nmrHett and. the rela
tive Miming of the Londcin money market I*
beginning to.armnie tunntpe in financial elr*
<-le* whether i>repi«ratlnni are not making by
the rvmtnental Utwernment bank* to provide
tor floating a HuMlan loan in addition to iln>
rrqulrenu'nu ©f the luitipii loan. The strength
of the uleel »loeki was accompanist by rumors
of coming utatements which will shew extra
ordinary- earning* by the United NtaU>t tHeel
Coif oration. The belief, ti widespread In spec
ulative riivtm that extensive readjustment!
in the relation! of' the varloun Granger and
raclflc railroad fey«tetti* are necessitated in
<*onu>en*&tlori for the Hurllntston deal. Thin
belief plves rise to varied rumors, almost all
of which are received with ft certain amount
of credulity. The action of the whole mar
ket ehowe clearly that the demand for stocks
from all elapses of buyers maintains its vo
racious force and needs only the leadership
or an upward movement in price to bring in
buying from all quarters that will eclipse all
previous experience In the hiBtory of specu
lative markets In New York. The flnal vola
tile outburst in -Union Pacific and Northern
Pacific to-day seemed to arouse misgivings
and there was free profit taking all through
the rest of the list. But this Is exactly the
history of last week's similar movement In
Union Pacific, which caused widespread ap
prehension lest the culmination of the boom
had 'arrived and which was nevertheless fol
lowed by a renewal in full force of the spec
ulative advance.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April .29.— Clearings, $323,492;
balances, $32,631.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 29. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 61c.
WHEAT— Spot.' firm: No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s l%d; No. 1
California. 6s 2d. Futures, quiet; May, 5s lid;
July, os ll^d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new and
old, 4s Cd. Futures, quiet; May, nominal; July,
4s ?id; September, 4s Wd.
CLOSING
LONDON', April 29.— Consols. 94%; silver.
27?id; French rentes, lOlf 45c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, sellers advanced 3d; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 30* 3a; cargoes Walla
Walla, 30s; English country markets firm, ad
\ a need 6d; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 3,740,000; wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 1,640,000; Indian ship
ments of wheat- to United Kingdom, none.
LIVERPOOL. April &.— Wheat firm; No. 1
Standard California, Cs 3d; wheat in Paris,
firm; flour In Paris, firm; French country mar
kets, steady. . - '
COTTON— Uplands. 4 il-32d.
Foreign Markets.
liURhetd. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 48.3GS.O0O i.&ltf.OOO
Corn 19,295,000 ....... 2,033,OUO
Oats 12,664,000 1,453,000
Rle 960.000 42,000
Barley 696,000 22,000
NEW YOltK, Aprirart.-The statement of the
visible (supply cf grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, April 27, «u compiled by the New
York Produce Kxoliutito, is:
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, April 89,-Prteei epened *teady,
103 polnti liluhnr, fellowlng a tetter English,
nmrkpt than expeeteil. Prlees werkptt elowly
iiuwnwMMi until hy midday a net leti of "kis
point! had lie^n reueinied. The tluwnwarrt tr^nrt
of H10 t»mt Ur»t wai chovKrii until May touched
70 and July T.tNto. t'lir. ««|oii.< \\»» qut@t and
•teauy, with prle@a n@t 'm pijlnti lowrr,
NEW YORK, April it).— Under free offerings
and a lack of speculative Interest the London
tin market broke sharply to-day on spot and
futures,, the former docllnlng 10s while' the
latter scored a net loss of £1 7s 6d, closing
weak on the basis of aJH7®£H3 10s respective
ly. The local market continues dull and varia
tions in price were conspicuous by their ab
sence, although a weak undertone was cur
rent In sympathy with the decline abroad.
The close was dull at $25 B0®25 75 for spot.
The domestlo iron markets ruled low, but
nominally steady and unchiingert, Pig Iron
warrants, $!i m» 10 (0; Northern foundry, $13 25
ffi'ltl 60; Southern foundry. $141| IS. and HOft
Houthern, ;i3Cli)5 50, Ulnagow warrants closed
nt 64s 3d Hnd MUUlleaboro at 33« 6d," Lend re.
lualna dull ami nominally unchunged at |4 37',j.
A rlriner feeling prevailed In spelter and bid
prlom were advanced "',» point* on Unlit local
(liMuunii, with the oloae firmer at $4 nJlaUM us.
The local market for copper was llrele** with
out Chans*, but exhibited a. steady undertone.
at 517 for Lako Huperlor and 114 «-'» for canting
and electrolytic, l<ondon nrloev were unohanueil
at £W 118 84 fur «l»'t ainl £70. I* 94 on (uiuhb,
New YorkTColton Market
New York Metal Market.
LL LIVERPOOL. V '¦¦¦¦
Wheat— May. .. July.
Opening .: 6 11% 6 %
Closing 5 11 6 11%
Wheat— ' April. May-Aug.
Opening 19 35 19 65
Closing - 19 25 19 60
Flour— w
Opening ,. 24 25 24 60'
Closing 24 15 24 60
Estate Joteph Kr.'.wuK* (by €h&rle» is.
Arthur, It and Prank Fredericks &mt A.u li.
l.idiitfiii.tiris, exet'utun) i>> ,\lwu MeCun«, lut
en N ip\a ..f Gutter iireet, Kid & »t I'oiu, a
«'•;:! by N U'u; »,'t,:i,".\
Abraham Htraiser to Fannl# Werthi»lm*r
(wife ..f M.), lot on N line of Itayeit »!i«t.
mi% »•; ef Huehanan, B 25 by N i:<i; gift.
William It. bi».i Jeru«h» A. Olt4den «¦• Jsm««
M. Noi... lot on N tine .-r itroAvtway, •¦>:• \v ..t
t'-uimofo utrpet, \v I2:d by N u;m, f>.M'n.
Israel Kathow to t)ophi» Kaiihow, ht on Nw
eorner oc tUelner and CalUornla itr«et». W
23:3 by N 9«i Klft.
Frank J. Hteele tn Thomaa J. ford, lot on
N line of Pine ettret, 123 ;« W ol Pierce, W
«;4Vi by N 137:«; isioo.
Henrietta Deutsch to Frieda O. Sachs, lot
on 8 line of Pine street, 137:8 \Y of Bcott. W
25 by 8 137:6; »6uOQ.
Sophia E. Wilson to Fulton Engineering and
Shipbuilding Works, lot on W line of Brod
ertck street. 123:6 N of Tonquln. N 8, W 137:*,
S 68:9, E b«:9, N 60:9, E 70:S>; I-300.-
Union Soap Factory (a corporation), Charles
and Dora 1'etersen and Ludwig and Caroline
Koster to Eureka Laundry Company (a cor
poration), lot en E line of Juniper street, liiO
S of Folsom, S 10O by E 100; also lot on W
line of Tenth street, 1C0 S of Folsom. S 50 by
XV S9; $1500.
Joseph Friedlander to same, same (two
pieces); J10.
Joseph Friedlander et al. to same, same (two
pieces), quitclaim deed; $10.
Margaret Jl. and Charles Westwood to
Charles A. and Amelia Rabing, lot on X line
of Jersey street, 140 W of Noe, W 20 by N
114; $2000.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to John E. Bryngle
son, lot on N line of Valley street. 101:10 E>
cf Douglass. E 23:5 by N" 114; *IoO. .
Mary ,-E. von Schroder, or von Schroeder
(Donahue) and John H. von Schroder to Jame*
K. Vincent, lot on SE line of King street. 451
S\V of Fifth. SW 99 by SE 240: $500.
Elizabeth Xachtrleb to Kmma Kldd. lot on
' SW line of Russ street, 230 NW ot Folsom.
NW 30 by SW 100; »530O.
\V. F. Williamson (trustee for John Aloyles)
to Amelia S. Hall. 1856 D. 377; undivided >.*
of lot on NE line of Langton street, 217 S13
of Bryant, t-E 24 by NE so, trustee's deed;
*49S.
Emma F. Loveland to Charles F. Rapp, lot
on N line of Eighteenth street (Solano), 50 W
of Mississippi. W 25 by N 100; $1000.
Donald and Rachel O. Bruce (by Harry
Francis, commissioner) to Pacific Coast Sav
ings Society, lot on S line of California street.
93:4 G of Seventeenth avenue, E 40 by S 96:1;
also lots 1 and 2, block 9. Market Street Home
stead; $1023.
William J. and Emma C. Gunn to Orvlll S.
Waiiner, lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 109
N of A street. N 25 by W 120: $635.
Sophie Carlson (Swenson) (wife of Adam)
to Adam Carlson, undivided U of lot on R
linn of Thirteenth avenue. 190 N of N street.
N 25 by E 120; gift.
E. L. Wemple to Patrick J. McKenna, lot
1, block I. University Mound; $273.
Sarah B. and Frank H. Loftls to George C.
Kemp, lot on N line of Palmetto avenue, SO
W of Head street. W 100 by N 100. portion
block 4. City Land Association; $500.
Walter Magee to Frederic E. Magee. lot on
N line of Rlchland avenue. 100 W of Mission
street. W 25 by N 100, block D. French &
Gllman Tract; $1000.
William and Christine Casement and Ellen
Townsend (Casement) (wife of William ¦ E.) to
Margaret McCarthy (wife of Roger), lot on
W line of Prospect avenue. 25 N of Heyman
avenue, N 23 by W 70. lot 89, Heyman sub
division Cobb Tract: $1500.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Trait
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 15, 100 Mexican 31
100 Con Cal & Va..2 40 1C0 Sierra Nevada. 25
200 Gould & Curry. 17 ICO Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
ICO Belcher IS K0 Ophlr 1 OS
100 Best & Belcher 33 SOO Savage 03
150 Con Cal & Va..3 40 600 Silver Hill 34
100 Hale & N'orcrs. 24 100 Union Con 14
300 Mexican 34 ICO Union Con 13
Following were tha talea In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best A Belcher 33 300 Con Cal & V...3 40
SOO Best & Belcher 31 1000 Could A Curry. W
300 Con Cal & V.3 37ft 400 Union Con 13
Afternoon Session.
100 Best A Belcher 33 100 Mexican S3
100 Best A Belcher 31 1U0 Mexican 3*
7C« Oould & Curry. 17 100 Ophir 1 03
200 Halo & Norcrs. 28 2tt0 Yellow Jacket.. 13
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April S3— 4 p. m.
Bld.Aak. Bld.Ailc.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 06 07
Alta 04 0« Kantuck 01 03
Andea 04 0« Lady Wash.... 01 03
Helcher 14 10 Mexican M 3»
itest & Belcher SJ 34 Occidental 03 03
Bullion C3 05 Ophir 1 <"> 1 i«
Caledonia til — Overman So 2J
Challenge Con.. 13 14 Potosl 0* 09
Chollar OH 10 8nva*« 07 OS
connrtence 65 10 Hcorplon — ih
Oun Cai & Va..S35 8 4i)lHeg Uelcher.... 0.1 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Hlerra Nevada. J8 37
Con New York. •<• 01 Hllver HIU *> M>
(town Point,.,, 14 I? *»t LouU M —
Kureka Con.... 0« — Htamiard ,.,...) »i —
Kxihei|u»T ,,,,, 01 03 Hyndlcata ...... -" 04
U..11M & Curry. 1? )* I'ni.m Con...... 13 U
Hale A Norcr*. S3 U Utah 03 <*
JulU - 11. Yellow Jacket.. 13 U
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Silver lower. Exchange •undisturbed.
The rain breaks Wheat and Barley.
Oats and Corn very firmly held. Rye still dull.
Bran and Rolled Barley, weak. Hay unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans.
Potatoes firm, Onions easy and Vegetables generally higher.
Butter firm, Cheese steady/and Eggs weak.
Cherries and Strawberries in lighter receipt.
Eleven cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions dull, but firmly held.
Local packers reduce their bids for Hogs i-8c-
Linseed Oil marked up.
The rain advances grain bags.
Local stocks and bonds selling freely. Oil stocks dull.
Almonds and Walnuts higher.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Atchison, 95%; Canadian Pacific, 103: Union
Pacific preferred, 90Vj; Northern Pacific'pre
ferred, 1 102; Grand Trunk, 10Vi: Anaconda, 10%.
Bar silver, quiet, 27}£d. Money, 3 per cent.
CLOSING,
,NEW YORK, April 2tf.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's : London rtnanelal cablegram gays:
The stock market here was active to-day. The
new consols were , bought ' freely. The first
prices showed that Wall street was having a
bulge and London took It up, following that
lead. Northern Pacifies, Union Pacifies and
the ReadlngB were especially " strong. If The
March statement of these roads sent' them
booming. The Krles and Missouri Pacifies
alone were lagging. The greatest activity was
in the steel mocks, of which 100,000 shares. of
common and 100,000 of the preferred were dealt
in on account of London and the provinces,
New York and the Continent.
London Market.
Money— Union Land 8ft
Call loans.. 3<S5T4'a West Kn.l 9SV!T
Time loans 4 @4ft Westlnghse Eleo... 64
Stocks— Honda—
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 73 AtchUon 4s 102
Doprefd.. 9!H» N E Ghs & C 6s... fieft
American Sugar... 147. Mining Shares-
Do prefd , .121 Adventure 17
Dell Telephone 17A ningham Min Co... 25%
Iloston Elevated... 179 AumIk Copper. .....123
Huston A Maine. ...19S Atlantlo 34
<:ht II & Q mii nnston & Mont. ...354
Dominion Coal 87 Calumet & Hecla..S35
Do prefd... ..114 Centennlul ,,,.,,,,. 30
FUehburg prefd, ,.147 Franklin ,., , 18Vfc
(l.n Klei'trli«........'j:'ii HumholiU S5
Do pivf.1...... ....•j'.Ti Ouceola ............. Mi'i
Ed Eleo 111 S40 l'arrot , 63%
Mexican Central,,, r:\ Qulnoy ............ .i?r.
N 1: Oas & Coke,,. ii'» Bunta Fe Copper,,, Xft
Old Colony.,,, ,811 Tamarack ,,,,,,,,,,337
Old Dominion...... S5T« Utnh Mlntua M'i
Xubber »• Winonti ,,.,,,,.,,,,, 4V«
Union P»cine,.,..,u»U Wolverines ........ 63!»
New York Money Market.
NRW YORK, April 29^Meney on e«U, nenrty
nt 394 per eent; U»\ loan, 4 per aentj prime
m«ivanUle paper, 4sru» per eent. SterllnR @x>
ehange f>fteler ( with aetual buelnpgi In Imnkers'
bllU at $4 ISV4 f"i- demand and at $4 S3 for
Hlxly days; pouted ratefi, $4 sf.^Ki mi and 14 mi;
( .¦uiniMviiil btlU, II n\{@i U%> Bllvvr «ti (ill
i'.iIph, r.n ( \ Uar itllver, i<\^i\ M#xleun dollare,
4!>ifee. Huniic -U.ivi'intiirtii, vtront;; Btata,
strung; railroad, irr^ffular,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
United States Steel 57%
United States Steel prefd 99
2,760,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s ref regr .106%iN Y Cists 107ft
Do coupon 106% N J C gen 5s... ...132
Do 3s reg HOVi N Pacific 3s 73
Do 3s coupon lllU Do 4s...* 106
Do new 4s reg....l38«/j N Y C & St L 43..107V4
Do new 4s coup. .133% N & W con 4s 101%
Do old 4s reg 113% Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup...ll3& Do 4s .-..10*>,i
Do 5ff reg uo% Or Short Line 6s. ..128
Do Es coupon 111% Reading gen 4s 118
Dlst of Col 3.65s. ..125*i R G W lsts 95%
Atchison gen 4s. ..102% St L & I M con 53.101
Do adj 4s......... % St L & S P gen 6s.U5%
Canada So 2ds 10SV4 St Paul cons 133
Ches & O 4%s 106 St P C & P lsts. ...194
Do 5s... 121% Do 5s U9V4
Chi & N con 7s. ...142 S Pacific 4s .120Vi
Do S F deb 5s. ...124 S Railway 5s....... 94
Chicago term 4s... 95 Stand R & T 6s. ..117
Colorado So 4s 89>4 Tex & Pac lsts.... 60
D & R G 4s 101% Do 2ds 120
Erlft'gen 4s S7>4 U Pacific 4s 95 I
F W & D C lsts...lOSV4 Wabash lsts 106
Gen Elec 5s 185^ Do 2ds 120ft
Iowa Cent lsts. ...117%, West Shore 4s 110-
L & N uni 4s 102% Wise Cent lsts. ...114%
M K & T Ms....-:.. 82V4 Va Centuries. 91%
Do 4s 9S»i
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 14
Alice 04 Ontario 9 00
Breece 1 05 Ophir 100
Brunswick Con ... 20 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl \06
Con Cal & Va 2 15 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 24
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 1 60 Standard 3 S3
Leadville Con .... 05
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 47.000: to-morrow,
25,000; estimated left over; 6000; market weak;
top, $5 90; mixed "and butchers, $o 6a@o 8i^;
good to choice heavy, 1 $5 75@5 90; rough heavy,
J5 55@5 65; light. $5 S5@5 82^4; bulk of sales.
?5 72%@5 82^. ¦ . . ' - ,
SHEEP-Receipts. 18,000: sheep, weak
lings, about steady; lambs, weak for clipped,
steady to firm for wooled; good to ' choice
wethers. $4 50@4 75; fair to choice mixed, $4 20®
4 55; Western sheep, $1 40@4 75; yearlings. $4 60
©4 90; native lambs, *4 &0@5 30; Western lambs,
$5 40@5 80. s
CHICAGO, April 29.-CATTLE— Receipts.
26,000, Including 400 Toxans ; \ active, demand
steady to a shade lower; Texans, steady; good
to prlma . steers. }4 95@5 90; poor to medium,
$3 S5@4 90; stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 85;
cows. $2 70@4 50; ' heifers, $2 55@4 SO; canners.
$2 10@2 60; bulls. $2 7504 90; calves. $4 35@5 25;
Texas fed steers, $4 23@5 40; grassers, $3 50@4;
bulls, $2 75@3 SO. y
Chicago. Livestock Mtirket.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances shows: Available cash
balance, $138,207,876; gild, ' $95,545,133.
Condition of the Treasury.
UN1SBD STATES BONDS.
1U.1. A-U. I Btd.Aiik.
4s coup ...... it-iHiuyi, is eoup innw)i:;«> a iiin 4
4s registered. .113^U31«|I3h uuar roup..Ul —
The oil ttoeki continued ttult an4 featurele»t.
STOCK AND BOND BXOBANOE.
MONDAY, April »-3 p. ra.
In the afternoon Alu»H* Paehen' mlvaneeii
wiill further to tm to\% ami Hi.rlnu Vxll^y
Water declined te $17. afunt l*owaer was firm
at $73.
liualne«a was brisk on the mornln* »e»s|on
Of the Moml Ktrlmnse, Hub and lOleetrlo *il.|
freely at $3S 60639 and fuetno Oat Improvement
xciii at $37. .\n»sk n I'sfkera* was higher at
$131tl33. .- ¦¦• ' : v -
: ,' r :,< TOR MONDAY. APRIL 29.
Flour, qr sks 27.116 Straw, tons IS
Wheat, ctls 1.7S0 Wool, bales 154
Parley, ctls 6,790 Shorts, bales 110
Oats, ctls 1,100 Sugar, ctls 8,900
Corn, ctls 140 Lime, bbls 91
Rye, ctls 570 Leather, rolls.... 140
Ileans, Hks 653 -Pelts, bdls 203
Potatoes, sks 3,126 Hides, No 3M
Onions, sks.,.,,.. 50 Wine, gals S9,10i>
Hran, sks 1,003 Tallow, ctl 22.1
MM.llinKs.uk 120 Quicksilver. Daks 73
Hay, tons 4Sl|
Receipts of Produce.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 19c; Astral. 19c; Star,
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c: Eocene, 21c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 13c; In
cases. 21c; Benzine. In bulk. 14c; In cases. 20c;
86-degrree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE-55c ' per gallon in cases and
19c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. «.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.65c: Confec
tliJners 1 A. 5.«c; Fruit Granulated. 5.80c;
Magnolia A. 6.25c; Extra C. 5.13o; Golden C.
B.05: barrels. lOo more: half-barrels, 25o more;
boxes, fOc more; CO-IS bags, lOo more. No
orders taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Domlnos. halt-barrels, 6.40c; boxes.
6.65c wr lb.
OILS— Linseed has advanced. California Cas
tor Oil, In cases. No. 1. 75c; pure. $1 30; Lin
seed Oil. In barrels, belled, 75c; raw, 73c; cases,
ocmore; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, bar
rels, SOc; cases. 85c; China Nut. 63@65c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 65c; cases.
<0c; Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale Oil. natural white.
37Vi@42>4c per gallon; Fish Oil. In barrels, 3oc;
cases, ¦ 10c. .
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. «; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg«?. v $14:
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. »15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, ts 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton.
accordlmr to brand.
BAGS— The rain has strengthened the Bag
market, and Importers are asking a small ad
vance. Sale on call of 300.000 Calcuttas. buyer
June-July, at $6 80; San Quentlrf Bags. $5 63;
Calcutta Grain Bags, 6 7 4@7c; local make. Y»c
less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30@3tc; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c
General Merchandise.
LAMB— Spring. S®9}4c per pound. ,^
PORK— Live Hogs, ISO lbs and under, 6tt©
6&c; 180 to '223 lbs. 6%@6V4; 225 and over, 6@
6%c; feeders, ; dressed Hogs. 8Vi®9%c.
BEEF— 768c for Steers and 627c per lb for
cows. .
VEAL— Large. 7©8c: small. 809c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8©SV6o: Ewes. 7V468C per
pound.
; packers • have reduced their bids for
small : hogs - to )' 6%c. but : no sales at the ; re
duced A bids have .been .reported;-". Other meats
stand the same. •
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SIvINS-Culls and brand* sell
about IVio under quotations. Heavy Halted
Bt«ers. 9Mc; medium, -S'/ji-; light, He. Cow
Hides, SHo for heavy and So for light; Stags,
Cc; Baited Kip, Sc; Salted Veal, 9c; Halted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 15V4©16c; Culls, U'WHc;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, ltii»17c; Culls and
KrnndR. U^llc! Sherssklns, shearlings, \y<r:i<:
each; short Wool. 3C$j'40c each; medium, CO^tiao;
long Wotil. 7.V(!f|l euch; Home Hides, salt,
}2 r.u for large and $2ft2 "~> for medium, tUtvl ii
fort small and DOc for Colts; Horse Hldev, dry,
$175 for large, $125 for medium. $1 fur small
and COc for > Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras,
75c; large and smooth, 60c: medium. 35c.
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vic per lb; No. 2,
3V4<Hc; greace. 2©2^c. \
WOOL-Sprlng, 19C0 or 1901-Humboldt and.
Mendoclno, l."4?16c per lb: Northern, free, 12(fJ
13c; defective, 9@llo; Middle County. fr*-e, 10??
lie: do. -defective. S@10c; Southern. 12 months,
SQ'Sc; Southern, free, 7 months, "(fJlOc; do, de
fective, 7,, months. 70Sc: Oregon Valley, fine,
lfifjllGc: do. medium. and coarse, -H^loc: Orecon,
Eastern, choice, 12® 14c; do, fair to good. 9#llC;
Nevada. *10@12c. -¦¦¦* - ¦ •
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
There "is no change to report.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per ¦ lb for
heavy, . 12V4@13c. for light medium, 13Hc for
light, 14»,i<: for extra light and lSVaQ for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, tU pvr barrel; extra Me*s. }12 60; Fam
ily, IM 50; prime Mess Pork, }1S; extra clear,
$23; Mi'ns. $19; Smoked Beer, ]4c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%o vn lb for
compound and lQHo for pure; half-barrels,
pure, io?ic: 10-lb tins, 11 Uc; r.-U. tins, ii-'«i«.
COTTOL.KNM— One half-barrel, sfic; three
half-bnrrels, i%c; on« tierce. S^c; two tlero»»,
«>iu; livu tlercm, SHcper lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new beyond an advance In
Almonds and Walnuts, choice being in lighter
supply.
. FRUITS— Apricots, 6@7V4o for • Royals and
£V4@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
4@6c; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches, Z%t$ia for
standard, 4» / 4®'5%c tor choice and 6@6^c for
fancy; Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 3ft<§5c; un
pltted, 1©>1%c; Nectarines. 4®4>4c for red and
4fff5c for white.
PRUNES — Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 3c; 30-40s, •
40-50s 4%c; 50-6US. *%c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, Z%c
80-90s," 2%c; 90- 100s, 2^c; 100-120s, lVJc. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more
discrimination being made.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, He per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per
lb; choice, 9%e: standard. 8%c; prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; S-crown, 6V4c; 2-crown, 6c.-
Pacific brand. 2-cwwn, Oc; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 6%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
U 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im<
perlal, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship.
ping points In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@Uc; No.
2 7M88c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No. 2, 6@7c;
Almonds. 13@Uc for papershell, 10@llc for soft
shell- and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts,
&&6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, U@Ufec: fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, U®13c; Cocoanuta,
$3 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 13V4@14c for bright and 12H
013o. for light, amber; water white extracted,
7(i(7',ic: light amber extracted, 5@6c; dark, -Htf
Be per lb.
BEESWAX— 25®2Sc per lb.
CHERRIES— Receipts were 321 boxes, selling
at 40@75c per box for red and 50c@$l 60 for
dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $S^11 per chest for Long
worths and $7i(0 for large berries. - Receipts
were 83 chests.
APPLES— »l®3 60 per box.
CITRUS FKUITS— Navel Oranges. Jl@2 25;
Seedlings, 75cQ$l; Tangerines, 75c@Jl 25; Lem
ons, 75cfr$l 25 for common and $1 &0ii'2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit. 60c®)l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4 60®5; Bananas. $1 25<8 ! 2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and' $1 25@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $1 E0@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Eleven cars of Oranges were auctioned, as
follows: Fancy Navels, $1 20@2 15; choice do,
75c£f$l 60: standard do, 55c@$l 15; Seedlings,
60® TEc : Lemons. Jl 25@2 05.
. All citrus fruits remain as before quoted.
Blackberles from Covina brought $3 50 per
crate. __.
Sunday's rain cut down receipts of Cherries
and Strawberries, and the latter were firm In
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras. 15c; firsts, 14V4c; seconds, ;
store, 12c.
CHEESE— Fancy, fun cream, 9c; choice,
S',2c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10 '«c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS— . •
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c;
mixed colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13V4c; standard,
13c; seconds, .
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
creamery— Extras. 16%c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
OfBN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
tlUTTEU—Creamery, lT®l*Uc per lb for
fancy and lciilij'.ic for seconds; dairy, 14(Q16o
per lb.
CHKESE^-Cholce mild, new, 9H@10^c{ old,
Be per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 15Jtl6V4c for good to fancy;
store. KifiMVsc per dozen.
nutter eentlnues te ehew flrmn«>ig, owing to
the eentest ever several northern ereamerles
and ii> the general packing going on. If it
were not for the latter the market eeuld net
eonmune half »»f the dally arrival, i:tirrm»
eonilnuei steady.
iCkh> are nit He in the epen market, a« tun-
I'llfrt are too large and gradually aeeumulat
ing,
The exchange made no change in any of iti
quotations. \
iii'.-rl|i(p were 45,^0 roumiH nn.l -us tubs of
Hnttrr, ir.fn can@n Kbrp. 460 canes Eastern
liggs, 19,660 pounds California. Cheese and — •
pounds Ktttlern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry was nominal, aa usual on Monday.
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys, 10@Uo for Oob
blers and 1!Q13q for Hens; Geese, per pair,
Jl MXtfl 75; (limllngH, J2 S5«2 75; Ducks, $4 CO
If 6 (0 for old unit $5 r.o<u« (0 for young; Hens,
|3 Miiifi f0< young HooaterH, f6 60©8; old Itnoa
tern, K f.o (j -» ; Fryers, 15 6Q08 [SO; Drotlers, }l 5Q
«|5 for targe uinl I'jrrfS CO for hhiuII; 1'ltteuns,
»i 75 per iionen rur ola and tl 75©3 for H«ju»b«.
(JAMl'J-llm-n. »l 8Si llalil.lta, *l S5 for Cotton*
tall and 7Sq@U (or Brush,
v Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, f.Oc<tf$l 25 per *ack;
Australians, $3 WuA; Green Ontons, 35<f?50a
per box; Now White, $3; New Red, $150@175
per nack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 50c©$l 50 per box;
Asparagus, $1 siSt'2 for fancy. $1 25<g>l 75 per box
for No, 1 and 7oc£f$i for No. 2; Green Peas,
JlSil SS per sack; Garden Peas, $1 25; String
Ileans, 6©10e for Los Angeles and S^lS'.ac for
Vacavllle; Horso Beans, 40®60o per sack; Cab
bage, 90cQ'Sl per ctl; Tomatoes, Mexican, $1 23
iH 50 per crate; from Los Angelos, $1 2of(2;
Dried Peppers, 12®18c; Dry Okra, 15o per lb;
Carrots, £3@35o rer sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 40©75o per dozen; Garllo, WilSci per lb;
Green Peppers, 10@25o per lb; Egg l'lunt,
20<ti'23o per lb.
Receipts were 1304 boxes Asparagus,* 95 boxes
Rhubarb, 1021 sacks Bay Peas, 133 sacks
String Beans and 434 sacks New Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 75®90c; Burbanks,
S5c®$l 10 for River and $1 2001 40 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles, $1 2001 25; Sweets, G0©60o for
Merced; New Fotatoea, l<£T2Uc per lb.
In Vegetables, Asparagus. Peas, Rhubarb
and Cabbage are higher. Receipts from the
South are again approaching the old assort
ment, and prices ' for ' these descriptions are
high.
Potatoes rule firm at last week's advance,
with Kght supplies. Onions are quoted weak,
owing to the advent of new. reds, which are
satisfying the demands ' of the local trade,
though they will not do for shipment.
Dealers are waiting • for the Government
award, and.. in the meantime the situation
shows no change. •
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50@2 70; Small White, $4 85
5; Large White, $4@4 20; Pink, ?160@185;
Red. $3@3 15; Blackeye $2 75@3; Llmas. $6 25
@6 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary, 3V4«?
3%o for. Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c: Hemp. 3Vfcc; Timothy, • 6%c.
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70@
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.-
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer, $i@S; ¦Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat. $3@U 50: Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, 18@9 5O; Barley, .. $7 50@9 50 per ton.
. STRAW_35@17%a per bale.
but produced no effect on Hay. Prices tor all
descriptions remained unchanged, j
BRAN-116 60017 per ton. . .: f
MIDDLINGS— $16 B0@19 60 per ' ton. '
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17 B0@18 BO
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Job
bing. $26 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17«g)18: Corn Meal.
$26027; Cracked Corn, $27 50; Mixed Feed, $15®
16.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, A JfKJLL 30, .1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
10
w ii uarnum, tniomin
1) Drymlalr, 8 Mateo
W L> Stewart. Lo« Ann
H P Witt*, Chicago
Mrs Witt*. Chtcaco
Mr* T H numioy, WIs
8 f Vlckers. txin Ant
K P Smith, L«s Ana:
Miss A Twttchell. Cal
J I. Thorndyke, l.lm.i
MIm Thorndyke and
companion, Lima
A Thumalen, Mazatian
O A V Wolf, ValpanUs
Ml«s C Qrldley. N Y
Mrs 8 Plckard. N Y
C J O Mayner. N Y
J C Beekman, NT-;
H X Whttehead. Maine
W J Courtney. N- Y
Mrs Courtney, N Y
O W Thaycr. N Y
S O Thayer. N Y
J Klrkpatriek. Mich .
Mrs Klikpn trick. Mich
Mrs E M Cary. Boston
Miss Anthony. Boston
mm Cunningham. Ma*
O 8 A«ch. N Y
Mra M Oould. Cal
J P Lawson, Seattle
C 1> Wlilnrd. Los An*
O W Durbrow, Salton
1> J Itlley, N T •
Mr« L E Moahtr. N Y
A I> itlvaa. Parla
R V E1U», Hanforu"
A B Hammond. N T
J Hatch, Ban Jon©
«» . I ' Rtton . Ban Jo««
W J Roads, Cal
R'A Smith. N Y
11 T Anderson. B Lorn.
Sim Anderson, H- Lomd
MIm F Oiiborn, H Lora
W O Bowers. Sacto
J H Ilardln. Chicago
Mrs J N Ilitrdln. Ch«o
J B Richards, N Y
T;R Mtnturn. Cal
w Church. E>enver
Mrs W Church. D»nvw
Mrs T. R Rons. Denver
S Leon, N Y
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
H P Morrey, Altnepls
P C Mathorn, Cal '
J J Rlley. Cincinnati
H R Speck. L. AtiK.
G Costa & w. N Y
A Costa. N Y
C II Ltpane. .Vallejo
F Jacobs, Ohio
J Mulroy. Ingleslde
Cuaiialupe -
H Smith. Vallejo
R C Mooncy. Sacto
F n Case. Atlanta
J J Bourke. Boston
k J Carney, Boston
H Sheeler. Sacto
F Shay & w . Oakland
Z C Lundbery. U S N
A Sorenater. U S N
J Barnett. Milwaukee
Mrs E L Siatle & m.
JUST ARRIVED, HANDSOME BAT AND
BLACK TEAMS; ALSO DRAFT AND DBX-
VERS. 1140 Folsom st.. April 30. at 11 a. m.
AUCTION SALE OF 35 HORSES.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£* AT fek
EMPORIUM HOUSE MARKET
,' » -- 22O Valencia Street,
at 11 a, m., TITESDAY April 30. Winding up
of the estate of M. J. Sullivan. 75 head of
horses ranging In weight from 1200 to 1600
pounds and from 5 to S years old. all broken
and ready to ko to work. This Is best lot of
horses aver offered at auction. Sale positive
without reserve. S. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.There was plenty of badinage and merry
wit. all offered by the older girls. Mrs.
Stovel's duties as toastmistress were not
wholly ignored. Mrs. Winslow Anderson
made a delightful speech of welcome and
Miss Helen Bristol, the oldest teacher of
the school, spoke about "School Days."
The tables around which the girls gath
ered were beautifully decorated with
American Beauty roses and golden mar
guerites. Seated at table were the grad
uates. Miss Kate Herrin, Miss Hazel
Montgomery, Miss Reta -Morey, - Miss
Marie We!don and Miss Esther Heger,
and the following members of the
alumnae:
Young Maids of the Van Ness Seminary Badly. Rattled '¦ at \ the
Prospect of Being Galled Upon to Respond to Toasts at the
Alumnae Luncheon— Enjoy the Good Cheer but Decline to Talk
SWEET GIRL GRADUATES OVERCOME
BY A BAD CASE OF STAGE FRIGHT
V Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, April 29.
The citizens of Oakland, and particular
ly the parents of the 1100 pupils in the
high i schools, have been called . upon to
make good by personal subscription - the
$10,000 that is required to keep open the
schools during the full term. This was
the action taken to-night at a citizens'
meeting held at the school assembly hall
in Lafayette Park at the call of the
Board of Education to consider the condi
tions which have threatened the closing
of the high schools because the fund for :
payment of teachers', salaxles Is ex
hausted.
After a long preliminary canvass'of the
situation three resolutions were adopted,
one presented by Hugh Craig, covering
the subscription plan, and another by
John P. Irish, naming a committee of
five to devise measures for raising the
money. This committee is composed of
Fred L. Button and Giles H. Gray, rep
resenting the School Board; J. L. Lyon.
Sol Kahn and John Yule. ¦
The third resolution, introduced by
Citizens . Take Steps To
ward Keeping High
Schools Open.
DECIDES TO BEG
SUBSCRIPTIONS
He-What do you consider the greatest
*SelHer W SSB majority in numbers-
Smart Set. - l r~
WASHINGTON, April 2^-Commis.
¦loner -of Internal Revenue Yerkc* han
held that express receipts for good« and
«fJ».h,Lnr]igA to be transported from the
UnHed States to a foreign country- are
port bills of lading.
Not Exempt From Tax.
Hamlin Made Captain.
nPRKELEY, April 29.— Tyrrell Ilamlln
haw b>"n elected captain of tho Unlvemlty
Wifornla bawball turn. He wlll/iiic.
Mdd VV C/HunWr. The new captain is
in hl« Junior year. He made the unlvcr-
LVtv nine when a freshman and has played
with great success cither at center field
or nt ilrst base. . .
Left Estate to His Wife.
OAKLAND, April 29.— The will of the
late Attorney J. M. Whitworth, filed for
prob&te to-day, diri>OJ*«"i» Of property
valued rt about t?O,Ooa. The bulk of the
«:>tate In left to the widow. Charles A.
Fhurijrff, tha prrvlou* law partner of the
t.< rti. in. 4. ] w imrned nil executor.
ARCHITECTURAL PLAUS
FOR COUNTY TNTIBMARY
' Comprehensive System to Be In
augurated in Erection of Future
Structures.
OAKLAND, April 29.-^The haphazard
rr.etbcd of construction heretofore preva
lect in the ejection of buildings at the
county infirmary will Give way to a plan
for an orderly and consistent group, built
fcocordins to aeepted architectural prece
dest, Albert Button has been commis-
Eioneti to prepare drawings of such a
scheme an( * l * ie newr administration
bulidins will be the first structure of the
r.f-w crder. ' JL_'-'\^L''"m : '-i''\%.
'Jhr- plans are to be submitted to the
Heard of Supervisors by July L H«re
tiur each new building will be one of
thope going to make up the accepted de-
Mr. Sutton has paid special attention to
tbo building and of modern
hospitals and U wftll acquainted with the
Alrmiida Cnunfv Infirmary.
"WILL rrr.KTi AKGTDIE1TTS
HT TWO 3HOBE CONTESTS
Injunctions Against Elected Councll
men to Be Considered by
Judgv Greene. ; f/ : :';
OAKLATvD. April 23.— The motions of A.
w. Bishop end W. P. Courtney for in
junctions restraining James A. Smllle and
Oeorpe S. Burtchaell from attempting to
occupy seats In the City Council will be
argued before Judge Greene to-morrow, z
Eurtchaell was elected Councilman at
Large on the Municipal League ticket, but
wa« thrown out on a contest by E. R.
Allen on 'the ground that Burtchaell re
sided In the same ward as another Coun
cilman at Large, Charles A. Bon, Court
ney was appointed by Mayor Barstow to
Jill the vacancy and instituted the pres
ent proceedings to make sure of his
Beat.
Bishop was appointed to fill Smilie's seat
on the ground that the latter was not a
qualified elector of the city for two years
prior to nls election to the Council.
them. , , .
Miss Hermann alleged In her complaint
that her uncle and aunt wrote to her
parents In Pennsylvania asking: that they
ie permitted to adopt one of the children,
and that in response to their offer the
plaintiff came to California. She stated
that she bad been promised a life of ease,
but that ehe vas put to work Id a
laundry by her foster parents and was
finally compelled to leave them and accept
domestic service in order to support her-
F The sustaining of the demurrer prac
tically throws the case out of court.
Fncls and Aunt Successfully Demur
to" Charge of Breach, of Con
tract to Adopt.
OAKLAND, April 23.— The demurrer of
sped Adam Mertz and his wifo of Berke
ley against the $10,000 damage suit of their
r.iece. Catherine Hermann, for alleged
breach of contract to make her their helr
<es, was sustained In Judge Hall's court
this morning. The cnuple, each of whom
is over SO years of age, stated tha.t they
tv«>re willing- to carry out their agreement
bat that th« girl waywardly deserted
1JIECE LOSES POINT EN"
TIGHT WITH rtrTTiAT.LVii.S
ALAMEDA. April 29.— Mrs. I. N. Chap
man will be a member of the new Board
of Library Trustees. President Forderer
of the City Trustees announced the ap
pointments of the board to-night as fol
lows: Mrs. L N. Chapman, P. W. Bar
ton, John Luteen, E. W. Maslin and
George H. Maatick. The personnel of the
board remains as it was appointed two
weeks ago.
To-nigrht's appointments practically set
tle tbe fight for and against Mrs. Chap
man's appointment. Mr. Bowers has ad
vised his colleagues to abide by the de
cision of the president of the City Trus
tees, and. while the new appointees nom
inally have ten days In which to decide
whether to accept or not, they have prac
tically decided to let the matter rest.
Trustee Mastick said to-night that, now
that the matter has gone so far as to give
Mrs. Chapman the legal right to a place
on the Board of Library Trustees, It Is
settled as far is he is concerned.
It was found that the appointment of a
member of the Library Board by each of
the City Trustees did not conform to the
law, which requires the president of the
City Trustees to make the appointments;
hence the action of two weeks ago. when
individual nominations were made by the
trustees, was rescinded at to-night s
meeting to clear the way for the appoint
ments by Iho oresldent. ;\ '
After tho Library Trustees were dis
posed of the board took up the Police De
partment. Trustee Hammond Introduced
a resolution declaring all positions on tho
department vacant. This was adopted,
after which all the Incumbents were re
arinolntecl with the exception of Officer W.
appomtca wu» hQm wmia|n Wahmu th
W (Vunn in supposed to have i been the
author of several campaign circulars dl
rVrted affalnut John'Conrad, his *ucces<i
fu opponent for Chief of I J oiico in the re
ccnt /municipal election.
President Forderer Re
appoints Her on Li
brary Board.
MRS. CHAPMAN
WINS HER FIGHT
The Oakland Amateur Orchestra has
done much good work in Oakland under
Its leader. F. W. Taylor. Its members
propose to unite with the choir of this
Miss Mandenhall Is an amateur violinist
of great local reputation. She has per
formed with success for a number of San
Francisco musicians and critics, and has
6hown so much talent that her parents
have decided to send her to Eurooe for
special Instruction. She is the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Mendenhall of this
city, and has many friends here.
Miss Julia Johnson is a member of the
Hughes Club, the leading musical organ
ization composed of women In the coun
ty. She will sing "The Broken Wing," a
song composed by John C. Walling, the
leader of the choir. ¦
The regular church choir has been en
larged and specially drilled and brought
to a high state of perfection by Mr. Wall-
Ing. It will be supported, by Mr. Well at
the organ and by the full organization of
the old Oakland Amateur Orchestra,
which has been brought together again by
F. W. Taylor, the leader of the old organ
ization. In addition there will b« two
soloists, Miss Lois Mendenhall, who will
render the'effertory upon the violin, "and
Miss Julia Johnson, soprano.
sf*^L AKLAND, April 29.— A sacred con-
I ll cert of raro excellence will be
I Jl given at the First English Luth-
eran Church next Sunday even
ing:. The programme will be most
laborate and has been arranged by John
:. "Walling;, the choirmaster; F. W. Tay
or, the leader of the Oakland Amateur
Jrchestra. and Leo R. Weil, the orcanlst
>f the church.
church and give one sacred concert on the
first Sunday In each month during the
summer.
The orchestra and choir are composed
of the following:
Orchestra— Director, F. W. Taylor; violins-
Miss Lois Mendenhall. Miss A. da Pass. Miss
K. de Pasn. Miss Miller. Mr. Mendenhall. Mr.
Flnkeldy, Mr. Ross, Charles Bchwarz; viola,
E. Colby: 'cello B. Fulton; bass, E. Flnkeldy;
cornetE— Mr. Adams, Miss Johnson, Mr. Kll
gore, Mr. Jordan; trombone, L. Carlisle; clari
net, P. Sapario; oboe, William Mason; flute,
I!. Baker; piano. Miss Johneon.
Choir— IMrector. John C. "Walling; sopranos—
Miss Julia Johnson, Miss Pauline Peterson,
Mrs. Alice Leichsenrlng; altoa— Mrs. William
Kelly. Mips Minnie Peterson; tenor, Harry
Crandell; bassos— George A. Flick, John C.
Walllngr.
The programme will be as follows:
"Gloria In Excelsls" Mozart
Orchestra.
Anthem. "Praise Ye the Lord".Gouno<l-Westort"
Voices, piano, orgran and orchestra.
Prayer by the pastor Rev. William Kelly
Hymn, "Come, Sound His Praise Abroad"
(No. 6)
Soprano solo, "Broken Wing" Walling
Mies Julia Johnson. '
Hymn, "From All Who Dwell, Below tha
Skies" (No. 9)
Anthem, "The God of Abraham Praise" ..Buck
Organ sentence; offerings
Offertory (violin solo), "Meditation, Thaii"
". ; Massenet
Miss Lois Mendenhall.
"Tho Shadows of the Kvenlns Hour".
Barrl-Shelley
Voices, organ and piano.
March hymn. "Look Up. Lift Up" Walling
(Using the words of "Onward, Christian
Soldiers.")
Choir, congregation, piano, organ, or
chestra.
"Gloria" Andre
Benediction. ;
MISS LOIS MENDENHALL, THE OAKLAND VIOLIN YIRTUOSA, WHO
"WILL, PLAT AT fHB SACRED CONCERT IN THE FIRST LUTHERAN
CHURCH NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
Leg-al Separation.
OAKLAND. April 29.-The divorce suit
cf Zlrs. Annie Schneider against John
Schneider has been referred to the court
commissioners for hearing on default of
the defendant. Schneider Is a well-to-do
contractor. Mrs. Schneider filed suit
Fonic time ago, charging her husband with
cruelty. Mr. Schneider, on the other
hand, accused his wife of deserting him.
At Mrs Schneider's request her petition
for alimony pending litigation was to-day
stricken from the calendar, the parties to
the euit having come to an agreement
out of court as to this point.
Mrs Annette Maristany has gained
first point in the suit brought against her
bv Joseph Maiistany to recover. property
said to have been fradulently obtained.
Judge Ellsworth sustained her demurrer
to the complaint filed by her husband,
v.-ho has tfn days In which to amend. •
Patrick M. Anderson has been ordered
to pay Anna M. Andersdn $25 a month
alimeny pending the trial of her 6Ult for
divorce, besides $70 costs.
Contractor John Schneider Fails to
Itefend Kis Wife's Suit for
DIVOHCE SUITS ON THE
STTPESIOB, COTJBT LIST
To Mrs. Kume, who is only 23 years of
&ge. Is left tfce Espiransa gold mining
stock. The three sons, Joseph W., Her
bert and John S. Hume, and the two
rfauphters F!orer.ce L. Hume and Grace
A. Sheldon, receive their father's inter
e*t In the salmon packing company.
The two daughters. Mrs. Hume and her
three ohildr«rare made residuary lega
ttcs. share and share alike, and- -the fam
ily residence is to b<? sold and the money
distributed to them on tbe same terms.
All the legatees are given equal snares
In the todebWlness to the estate from
Hume Brothers & Hume, which Is to be
b '.lowed to run at the company's pleasure,
provided the Interest is paid and at least
$10,000 a vear is paid on the Principal.
The residence mentioned in the will is
one of the Kar.dsomeEt in the college
town. ________
The principal Stems included in the
property bclonsir.j? to the estate are the
< ontrolling share in the Hume Bros, and
Kume SaJmon Packing Company. 1250
rharea of Espiranza gold mining stock
r.nd the family residence on Dwight way,
below Shattuck nvenue. in Berkeley, val
ued at 530,000. All this the testator de
clares In the trill to be his individual
property, and provides that should his
v.!fe have any cf it declared community
property her Interest under the provisions
cf the will shall lapse.
The will of Joseph Hume, tho Berkeley
Klaon packer, which was filed for pro
ral« tc-day, make? ppecific bequests'
nmounllr? to more than $100,003. besides
•Tisposir.s of lulls recpivable of the esti
mated ralue of shout 5100,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
I11S Broadway, April 29.
Deceased Made a Fortune in
the Alaska Canneries
Years Ago.
Large Property to Be
Divided Among the
Hume Heirs-
WEALTHY MAN'S
WILL IS FILED
Tho small boy occasionally consumes
AWAIID8 PIIINTINO CONTRACT.— The
Board of Klectlon ' Commissioners has award
ed contracts for the printing necessary for. the
primary flection to be held, on August 18. uii*
der tho new. primary law,, to the H. B., Crocker
Company, Brown & Power and the Commercial
Publishing Company.
HEllKELEY, April 29.-E. A. DIckson
nnd J. .15. OuBtaflon, solilors at tho Uni
versity of California,' will depart-to-mor
row for Japan to-ttach Kngllsh 'in. the
native high schools. They are tho first
tinderRrnduates called to tho Fnr East.
Tho Journoy will be ?nado from Portland.
Students to Go to Japan.
LONDON,- April 30.— The HouBe of .Com
mons last evening adopted by large' ma
jorities all the "budget resolutions in the
report stage, with the exception' of the
coal tax, which will be taken up to-day.
•/*•¦'* • - V •
Budget Resolutions Adopted.
VICTORIA, 13. C.rApril 29.— The steamer
Queen City, from tho west coast, reports
the deatbof Cliief Maqulnna of NootkuJ
who was tho leading Indian chief, of. the
coast.', • ¦ ¦ " • ' , '
Chief Mnquinna Dead.
CHICAGO,' April 30.-Shortly before 1
o'clock this mornlnc flro broko out IrTtho
itovere'Houso.va she-story hotel bulldlntr
Kttuntcd at tho corner of Michigan ana
North Clark -streets. The flre wan got
under i control in twenty minutes. Loss
$50,000. " '
Tire in". a- Chicago, Hotel.
OAKLAND, April 29.— While cleaning a
Btove this morning Mrn. A. P. McGuclccn,
residing at 1014 I'oralta itrcot. had her
fa en and handi burnnd by ths fenltlon of
the RUMollno which sha was using. Neigh
bors wuv a flash offlamo and called out
the department, Tho lire did Blight dan>
nge.' • ¦
Ignited Gasoline Burn* Woman.
Major Henker'*. Punitive ;Expedition
in -West -Africa' Encounters'
¦Resistance.
LONDON, April 2D.— Information • re-
NATIVES ATTACKING
BRITISH. IN FORCE
Jack nnd, Bronco Bill.
• DENVER, April 20.— A special to the
Republican, from Santa To, N." M., snyn:
It developed to-day at- tho hearing of
William WllBon, chared with furnlNhlni;
Convict Oeorpe Btovcnson with the re
volvor/used by him In: tho recently at
tempted delivery at tho penitentiary, that
the plan wus to secure tho relnano of Tom
Ketchum, who wns executed, lust Friday,
«uid' "Bronco "Bill". Carve, a member of
hl» gang. Wilson .confessed 'Mb guilt and
maid' Carvo'M elstor .offered. him< $500 to
flmugglo tho pistol in to tho prisoner. Tha
pinna were «o carefully laid that but for
the bravery and good marksmunshlp of
the prlrton officials,- '.'Black Jack'.' und a
score of other tfesperato characters would
have" regained their liberty. '. •
Marksmanship of a Prison* Official
• Prevented the Escapa of Black '
PLANNED TO RELEASE
TWO NOTED DE'SPEHADOES
ing 1 statement: . . . '
• "My attention ; has been called to' the
story that has been going the rounds of
the press that I am expecting to make a
political trip i through the West and South
either this year or next.
"I desire to state that I do not contem
plate any such trip. When recently ad
vised that an invitation was being pre
pared in the State of Washington and
elsewhere requesting, me to make such a
visit,' I Immediately replied that it would
be impossible and requested the abandon
ment 1 of the proposed invitation.
"I will state further that I am not a
candidate for the Democratic Presidential
nomination In 1904. I am neither seeking
the nomination nor expecting It. I re
gard all suggestions of candidates at this
time as premature and Inadvisable. No
one can now tell what can or ought to be
done in 1904." • r •,''¦
Former New York Governor Declares
He Will Not Be a Candidate
- for ' President.
ALBANY, N. Y., April 29.-Ex-Govemor
David B. Hill to-day gave out tho follow-
HXLL. SAYS HE IS • NOT
SEEKING A NOMINATION
DES MOINES, la., April 29.r-George A.
Reed, a lieutenant of the Fifty-first Regi
ment of Iowa, acting commissary at • the
Presidio in 1898 and 1809, has been made a
defendant in a suit for $22,460, for which,
it is alleged, he failed to render a satis-*
factory accounting." The action. was In
stituted by Lewis Miles,' attorney for the
southern district of Iowa, and is based on
the report of R. E. Rlttman, auditor of
the War Department. Reed is In the har
ness business in this city. He 'declares
that a supplemental accounting by him
will explain tho apparent shortage.
CONSTITUTION IB TO
BE LAUNCHED NEXT MONTH
NEW YORK, April 2D.— W. Butler Dun
can, manager of tho cup defender syndi
cate, .-announced to-day that the Consti
tution will bo launched on tho ovenlnK of
Mnv 8. Mr. Duncan, Dftslgnor Nat lier
roHhoff and a umall . party of those lm«
mediately ltitori'Htod In tho yacht will bo
present at tho launching. ¦
LOS ANGELES, April 29.— Affairs In the
girls' department at the Whlttier State
School are undergoing an upheaval, with
the consequence that the regular force
has been reduced by four. When Governor
Gage failed to reappoirit Mrs. Adlna Mit
chell to the board of trustees of the insti
tution four attaches decided to leave.
They were Miss Mary E. OHara, the
principal; Miss Mabel Davisson. teacher
of the girls' department; Miss O. Octa
via, housekeeper, and one other. These
positions carry with them the salaries of
$900, $840, $840 and $480 respectively, with
board, lodging and laundry.
SUIT BKOTJGHT AGAINST
FOUMEB LIEUTENANT
His Accounts as Acting Commissary
- Are Not Satisfactory to the
'.'¦ '"; '¦;-¦ • "War Department.
appoint Mrs. Mitchell as
Trustee.
Four Attaches Resent Failure to He-
ceived here from Uromia, "West Africa,
dated March 25, is to the effect that the
punitive expedition under Major Henker,
composed of 230 men, which had -pene
trated to the northeast of Benin City and
there seized an Important town, was being
attacked in force. The natives were col
lecting from all parts of the country. On
the day of the report Major Henker s
command had thirty-two casualties. Lieu
tenant Carstairs of the Canadian Militia
had been slightly wounded. He was the
only white officer Injured.
LEAVE THETR POSITIONS
IN WHJLTTTER SCHOOL
The fire department extinguished the
fire, which had burned away a partition
and door of the cupboard.
Chief Ball and Fire Warden McDonald
are investigating the mysterious blaze, al
though they have little evidence upon
which to work. • Mrs. Martin thinks the
fire was the work of an Incendiary. .
OAKLAND, April 29.— A fire, supposed
to have been of Incendiary origin, was
started this morning in a vacant dwelling
on West street, near Twenty-first, owned
by Mrs. E. J. Man-tin. The blaze was in
a cupboard, the Interior of which had
been besmeared with linseed oil. A can
that had contained alcohol was found on
the charred floor. '
THINKS HER HOUSE
WAS SET APHtB
Suspicious Blaze in a vacant I>w«ll
ing Owned by Mrs. E. J.
Martin: '
Fitsmaurice valued her at $600. He
said to-day:
"There Isn't any direct proof that the
dog was deliberately poisoned by Borne
miscreant, but I cannot but believe. that
this was the way she got the poison, be
cause a neighbor of ours lost a dog tho
same day by poison and I am satisfied
that the same hand is responsible for both
deaths.
"When my dog came home last evening
I was attracted to her by her actions.
I have had sufficient experience In hand
ling dogs to know what' was tha matter
and I immediately saw that she had been
poisoned. It was too late to do, anything
that would nave her llfo. I would glvo
"a groat deal to know who poisoned the
animal."
Queen Bess was eight years old and had
been exhibited in all of the big bench
shows In California. - In 1898 she won the
Herman Oelrichs cup for the best English
Better In the San Francisco Kennel Club's
show against thirty-four competitors.
The dog was killed in some mysterious
way by strychnine. Fitzmaurlce Is com
pletely at a loss to know bow the poison
was administered. He noticed the dog
at her kennel In evident pain and the
symptoms of strychnine poisoning were
clearly apparent. Everything that could
be done to save the valuable . setter was
done, but without avail.
A- mysterious dog poisoner did deadly
work last night,, causing the death of
Queen Bess, one of the most famous
English setters on the Pacific Coast,
owred by W. M. Fltzmaurioe, residing at
Fifteenth and Castro streets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
¦ 1118 Broadway, April 29.
English Setter " Queen
Bess" Meets Her
Death.
VALUABLE DOG
DIES OF POISON
_________ _j_
lyn Bunting, Mrs. Clarence Man, Mts3 Alice
Baker. Miss Anna Prica. Miss Ida Price. Miss
Helen Bristol, • Miss McFarland, Mrs. Fred
Hood, Mrs. Kynnerseley, Miss Fanny Pray.
Mrs. Milton Pray, Mrs. Clark Burnham, Miss
Emma McMullen, Mrs. Linda Bryant, MI33
Mae Cook, Miss Ida Voorman. Miss Ada Rus
sell. Mrs. C. J. Bandman. Miss DInkeispell,
Mrs. Henry Dutton. Mlsa Polly Dunn.
r.-.vvnvn-fvvvTi-r.-rnvAVW
John Yule, declared the sense of the meet
ing to be that the high schools should
not be closed. It was the confidently ex
pressed opinion of those present that the
money will be raised to pay the teachers,
all of whom were at their posts to-day.
Those at the meeting pledged their best
efforts to secure full payment to the
teachers.
President C. H. Redlngton of the Board
of Education was chairman and W. "W.
Garthwait was secretary of the meeting.
After Chairman Redington and School Di
rector Giles H. Gray had explained the
financial situation. City Superintendent of
Schools J. "W. McClymonds said:
"The organization of the Central High
School was on the unanimous opinion ot
two Boards of Education, a. wise, Just and
a paying proposition. The former City
Council may have thought It was right,
but the board also believed Its action was
right.
"But it is not right to ask the teacher*
to contribute one-3txth of their year'a
earnings to get the. city out of Its diffi
culty. They are loyal to the schools, and
because of their loyalty they should not
be Imposed upon."
The Board of Education met Informally
after the meeting and directed Superin
tendent McClymonds to Issue an address
and to devise at once a plan of secretly
handling subscriptions through the
School Department I at once. The board
members said thev would attend to the
direct patrons of the schools, leaving: the
committee to make the general canvasa
for funds.
Found Wandering in. Streets.
OAKLAND, April 29.— Mrs. Emily Pegg,
aged 51. was found wandering about the
'streets by the police this morning and
taken to the Receiving Hospital on a
charge of Jnsanity.
From War Revenue Act.
"WASHINGTON, April 29.— Up to March
31. 1901. the war revenue act of June 13,
ISM, has produced J6S9.504.447.
They enjoyed their luncheon and estab
lished a new century record for women;
they did not talk— that is, not much.
The appeal of the graduates did not fall
on unheeding oars. The alumnae consid
ered and the graduates carried their point.
ENJOYABLE' LUNCHEON GIVEN
BY THE VAX NESS SEMINARY
ALUMNAE YESTERDAY.
to take part in the class day extravaganza
at the University of California have been
selected by the committees in charge.
Only a portion of the graduates will be in
the play; the rest will occupy reserved
seats near the stage. The exercises will
be held in "Wred's amphitheater on the
afternoon of May 9. ¦
The young ladles will meet for first re
hearsal Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock
in Stiles Hall. They are v the following
named:
Miss Helen Arents. Miss Lizzie Arlett, Miss
Lucile Bailey. Miss Florence Barnard. Miss
Jessie Bohall. Hiss Vivian I Bryan, Miss Ella,
Bunnell. Miss Cora Campbell, Miss Adrlenne
Cerf. MIeb Antoinette Chevret. Miss Blanche
Clarke Miss Pearl Cox. Mien Josephine Devlne,
Miss May Boucher. MIsb Rita Beatty, Miss
Clarlbel Ensign, Miss Tlllle Fordcrer, Miss
Mauds FrnBer, Mies Kstelle Graeler. Miss
Kllzabeth Green. Miss Margaret Hill, Miss
Catherine Hlratel. Ml*s Harriet Hoppln, Miss
Florence Hoyt, Mies Martha IJams. Miss Hat
tie Jacobs Miss May Johnson, Miss Almira
Kelshaw. Miss Edith Kendall. Miss Katherlne
Layne. Miss Elizabeth Lehr. Miss Ethel Mars
ton Miss Martha McDUI. Miss Margaret Mc-
Leod, Ml«s Florence Montgomery, ¦ Miss Ruby
Morse, Miss Minna Nelson, Miss Clara Riper,
Miss Eva Powell. Miss Evelyn Ratcllff, Miss
Grace Robbln. Miss Evftngellne Sale, Miss
Kllzabeth Scupham. Miss Kanny Strong, Mlsa
IJdith Thatcher, Miss Helena Thomas, Miss
Margaret Trolli. Miss Amy Van Deerllnp, Miss
Anna White, Miss Louise Whltehead, Miss
Mirlan Wollner and Miss Alice Wright.
The following named men will take part:
J. XV. S. Butler, Richard Tully, M. H.
Schwartz, J. B. Southard, T. P. Bayer, F. O.
Gooaenow, J. H. Steinhardt, L. E. Carpenter,
W. B. Greeley. N. Didlon, J. C. Blair, Paul
Slnshelmer. O. O. Brehm, F. E. Howard. D.
A. Gordenker, B. A. Hammond, E. \V. Alex
ander, J. O. Osborn, H. M. Leete, P. Schen
baum, L. D. McKtnley, F. L. Mulgrew, C. L.
Bigelow, G. W. Eddy, Howard White, H. C.
Magee, J. L. Goldsmith, G. W. Parsons, R. H. •
Pierce. Harold Bradley, H. L. Cornish, E. L.
Beck. C. R. Sessions, W. J. Shaw. C. L,. Carl
son, William Hunter, O. P. Rathke. (X P.
Griffin, C. W. Edwards. C. M. Colton, O. F.
Kern, O. M. Nicely, Walter Hunter, W. B.
Schaw, A. C. Nahl, Ralph Fisher, Howard
Squires, Walter Bakewell, Nathan Moran, W.
H. Orrlck. E. A. Powers, E. W. Roland, J.
S. Bright and W. Xi. Keep. . .
Committees Choose Those Who Will
Take Part in Class Day Eacer
, cises at California.
BERKELEY, April 29.— Those who are
SEUIOBS SELECTED TO , f
ACT IN EXTRAVAGANZA
There were many anxious minds relieved
when the' yachtsmen, bedraggled and
worn, moored the boat -In the estuary and
made their way to their homes this noon.
' Before they got into any kind of shelter
the Venita's parly was- drenched. The
prospect of staying all night without shel
ter was far from inviting, especially as
the yachtsmen had not provisioned their
little craft for so long a stay. For hours
they crouched in the tossing boat, exposed
to the elements, and they gave huge sighs
of relief when at last day dawned and
with it came the abatement of the storm.
The Venita left Oakland yesterday
morning, carrying, besides the skip
per, Captain Austin, J. W. Tay
lor, his son Joseph Taylor, Van
Ness -Taylor, son of Assistant Jailer
George W. Taylor of the County Jail, and
a Mr.^Butler. The party headed for up
the bay and the Venita was well on her
trip when the storm broke that was re
sponsible . for their struggle for hours
against wind, rain and sea. Captain Aus
tin was unwilling to try to beat home
against the strong southeaster. The Ve
nita was handy enough, but he hadn't any
sailors to assist him and finally decided to
run up under the lee of^Sheep Island and
try to nnd anchorage until the storm
should abate.
A yachting party of Oaklanders on the
yawl Venita, Captain Austin, had a peril
ous all-night battle with the storm last
night. Their absence caused their friends
and relatives in this city, considerable
alarm, that was not allayed until noon to
day, when the yachtsmen returned, cold,
wet, tired and half starved after their
trying experience.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, April 29.
Oaklanders Spend an Entire
Night on the Bay in
a Yawl. -K^Vi
Party of Yachtsmen Bat
tle Against Wind c
and Wave.
STORM BOUND
IN THE VENITA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; APEIL 30, 1901.
Elaborate Programme Prepared by John C.
Walling, F. W. Taylor and Leo R.Weil to
Be Rendered at First Lutheran Church
TALENT TO TAKE PART
IN A SACRED CONCERT
•• • I . 1 ¦ ¦ > vT^
FIVE sweet girl graduates of Van
.V ess Seminary sat down with the
ilumnae of the school at a delfght
ful ,luncheon given at the Knick
erbocker Hotel yesterday after
noon- r '
Every detail of the charming function
went off just as it 'was planned— except
the speechmaklng. The toastmistress was
on hand and was prepared to offer the
toasts, but the graduates /had a bad case
of stage fright on and at the last moment
begged off on the' sp'eechmaking proposi
tion. • \
"We could not enjoy our luncheon,"
they cried, "if we had the thought of a
sptech constantly before us.- You really
must consider we are not yet out, and it
is awful hard en us to face an assembly."
Mrs. William Cluness Jr.. Miss Grace BoyiJ,
Mrs. Hill, Miss Bessie Williams. Mrs. Ada
Williams, Mrs. John I .a Rue. Mrs. Eugenia
Chapman. Mrs. Warden, Miss Marie Stone.
Mrs. Winslow Anderson. Miss Cora Meyer
stein, Miss Mary Dosicr. Miss Lucy McCann.
Miss Daisy Cartwright. Miss AUx Smith. MUs
Daisy Bethell. Mrs. Charles Stovol, Miss Kve-
11
P9
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
Pears' shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
All eorts of people use Peari' «oap, all Bortl
c: stores tell u, especially druggists.
For lack* of, nourishment are just as dead as though they were
severed with a knife.: In either case the base of supplies has
been interfered with. * Nerves that need nourishing make their
wants known through headache, backache, loss of appetite, indi-
gestion, fluttering of the heart, irritability, sleeplessness, and gen-
eral ; weakness. Feed the hungry nerves, build them up- and
make them strong ar>d vigorous, .full of vim, vitality" and power,
with the great nerve* food and tonic, Dr. Miles" Nervine.
"For many years I was troubled with nervous dys-
iKpalo. Weeks at a timo I have suffered so much that 1
could not retain food at all. These attacks brought on
nervous prostration and I pot no rest day or night. I
tried many physicians nnd advertised remedies, but never
found relief until Dr. Miles' Nervine was recommended. I
- then found I could rest well and retain food and waa soon
restored." Mrs. K. Puekneb, Jeferson, Wla.
quiets the nervous Irritation, stimulates the digestion
and fills the blood with lust tbe nourishment needed for.
'. weak and run-down conditions. Give it a trial p
field by druggists oa guartfutee, Db. Miles MudicaliCo.. Eikfeaft, j n &THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1901.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, crner of Market and Third streets; open
until 32 o'clock every nieht in the year.
.BRANCH OFFICES— M7 Montgomery ttreet.
rorrer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
2.^ Hayes etreet: open until 8:30 p. m.
633 McAllister ttreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
f.K Li.rkln etre.et; open until 9:30 P- m.
1P41 Mlfislon etreet; open until 10 p. tn.
MCI Market etreet. corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 p. m. •
J06 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1056 Valrncia »treet; open untl 9 p. m.
Nortt>Vt»t corner Twenty-wcond and Iven-
?ueky rtreet*: orx'n until 9 P- w •________
91 I^Tp^M*TICIiS.
fAUI'iiPXlA •'hspter No. 5. R. A, , >r. ¦
win meVt 'this «jrKHPAV, 'IVM'-t/V
IKd. April 30 at "¦j\!\ i \\% M ' Ml /\/N
PACIFIC Ledft Ko. IM. M P." ,«_* A. M.. •
will me.t Bt Miteiint.' Hill * m . r \ li %:_\f
HAY. .1- Vnh, Bt " 1. m.. 10 iiilw HI itJT
f.m'-t-nl «.f our lnti> hn^her. I1OWA1JI* '
M 111/ 11 K. MautT Mutton* uro InvllM.
UWtnUR _PKNLIN_JTON. J^fjjW?^
O.l.l-KN i:\-li: l^rtE" N". 3_. V. ijmi j»
A. M.-<*«lted meeting T1IIH <T tl '«'%P^»
V Hy ordrr of th» \\. M. '
KHW1N L. MEYKn. ggrrrtiry.
OnTENTATn^odgV No 144. V. *nA A . •
M. -Third derre- THIS (Tl'KHDAI )
KVENINO si T:30 oVlork. MnMer Ms- <S 3f
rons invited^ A. B. Hl'DDARD. t*cc V
WIPSION Ohnptrr No. 1»5. Order East- V_#
or ; , sir- -Offlcrr* and members nr» J$tfr_
notin-J m assemble at 2 o'clock THIS yf
PAY iTuPBdsy) for th« purpose of
conducting the funeral of our late el«er.
r;RA<"K LAWRENCE. 2C6S Mission St.. Ml»-
Masonic Temple. By order of the \\ . M.
MARY O. FOSTER. Secretary.
iT\ ANDRE\Y*S Society— Annual » KT &.
family plcnlo at Fairfax Park, on 5S Qyj
SATURDAY. May 4. 1901. Oak- "&3xZ
l«rd pocl^ty will participate; boats "%"*
from eausalito ferry landing at 6:5o. 9:30 a.
m.. anfl 12:43 p. m. Tickets. 50c and 2jc; to
be had from members or at wharf.
ALLAN POLLOK. President.
GEO. BT. JOHN BREMNER. Sec.
ANNUAL, meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the Rtookholders of the Hutchinson
S'jcar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market nt.. Pan
Prar clsro. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 14th day j
of May. J3fl. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of dl-
rrctora to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of ruch other business as may
nm before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Friday. May S. 1901. at 3 o'clock
p. rn. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
HOISTING Engineers' Union No. S9 will hold
a special meeting THIS EVENING at "6
o'clock sharp at Marine Firemen's I'nion
Hall. <r~ Steuart Ft. A full attendance Is de-
f:red. By order of !
HENRY SIMON. President. \
AGENTS WASTED.
A FIRST-CLASS Bgent In earh city and county
to handle an automatic window cleaner. "Just
patented." which supplies water, washes and
, drifs the window; a quick teller and good
profits; Fmall capital required: exclusive ter-
ritory assigned; call at 413 Kearny st. and
see; 'sample by mail II to. B. S. HARRIS.
WANTED— A local aK-nt in each township to
fell our up-to-date publications; good re-
muneration for firot-clays people. Address
PTKPHEN'SON. box 114. Sacramento. Cal. .
LADY aeems- Itest selling article ever intro-
du^ed; wlls at si?ht: (rood profit: no risk;
* to 12 a. m. The Novelty. G01 Post et.
A FEW more agents wanted at 547 Third st.
WANTED— Agent*, city and country; some-
thing new. 3 Taylor st.
ASI'HAI/rL'M ItOOKI.VG.
J PELTIEIl. asrhalt rooflrg-. eldewalks re-
ps ir>"d: iKistal. 11SS Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
Anorriosr.
cjiiOD homf op*n for healthx- b"y and (jirl ba-
M»s. MRS. DR. Fl'XKE, 1416 8th. Alameda.
ATTOHMifl S AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
n.i fiw» without success; collect loo*. O. W.
HOWE, at'ty at law. S30 Market, cor. Stocktn.
AOVICB free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 627 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldr . 927 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free: no fee* in advance.
ROAUDIX0 FOR CHILDREN.
OEBSfAJf lad> wishei cne or two children to
hoard. 43) Minna ft.
;ij|'»\' with a rhlld wlches 2 or 3 children to
k»«*r<i: mr4i bei=t r.t c»re. u,07 California *t.
IHSIMitiJi CIIA.\CB8.
n,'*- iSAIvOON; rent tin; loestion, Tine, and
MontBcmrry Ft*,; hufi!ni*eii clearing- above |l.»u
i*t nnntli, J'ttHli-ulHr* Jl. O, WILKU, Wti
Uesrny tt,
A-lliw: m£*TAUI»AWT, with 7 r»oro* und
biith: very •¦hn!re»t l>uclnei>ii location; rent 123;
iti\ Client* titKi m«k» nn offer; a r»r« ami
rftoifhinc*. C4Uin.<q. wn_Ki!. wkmw,
A ll'inft; KAI/'i'N" with » r,,i,trm. *urrf>Htide<l \>¥
»•-...•-¦¦ »¦ m- :.• n ¦¦? .iii.i |ijit.!.,-i ,wii.i«: Ursa
.¦.-,.>.( n,..i--. rent tin, c.u it. a. wii.ivi;.
:«>4 Kmrny m,
A »3fi(ifp; Ufloi'f.fiV nor* (without liar) doing
m Inrfte nrnl prontai'l* «"s*h hu«ln**«; « t li'>lc<»«i
Im-mion in city, rartlcular* it U. U'iLKIS,
S«'i K<-«t-ny »t. .
A K'l'f; !«>AItPlN<3 Ktid l|vpry*«t^b|p"we*1>
•rn AddnU'ii: nrt rrnt |4»; rlearltijt nbovo ll.V)
ft-r tnr.nth; l«rf-«> pntrf>ns«te; *tock nf bue-
Elri=. hori^-ii nn.l barnr^t ftret iI.ifp. (_'all It.
U. ttlLKK. :•«'» Kenrny H. ,
A I4WJ I5RAN'*H bnkrr.v nnd dellcafy nture;
rtni II*; living roonttS lnt-atlun rati't be beat;
er<n<\ bu«incr,K. Call H. p. W1LKU. 2G'i Kear- I
n.v et. i
A-*r:,n; STATIONERY, variety store; cigars
R»i(l li-pcremn; ftnrk Invoices $1000; must be
¦Old at 'ince; ownfr rngHRpd frtliprwlse. Call
WILKE. £«'i Kearny Ft.
A - fiSSO: ilEi-TAtllAXT on
Kearny *t.; r»nt t'u: clearing SIM) -per month;
dally receipt* about JCO. Call It. O. W]LKE.
'.'i.'j Kearny st.
A ¦ Ktm; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining
hnll. etc.; rent f",: place many
vcarr; -doiiiB a rtr-ady. srorxj. paying bulilne^H:
i»re chance fr>r party speakinR French and
'.errran. Ii. U. WILKK, 26'i Kearny b«.
A MOW: BAtOON '.ti Market at. ; place CBtaiv^
l'f-Iied rr«ny rt*ni and .|..lnar a larfre busl-
" (tern; net r»nt IIS: Kirkneati In family ram-
I -el* owner to faTifice; a mint, fall R. G.
VYILKn. :C'j Kearny nt.
A tyii'i; I'AKTNKR wantnl' In nld entahllt hed
fl'.ww ftore. with tiuriifry, hothou*". etc.;
l"!l'r, htrpe*. waeonH, plant* and trees of
rll description*; eMni.Mt-he.1 many yearn and
<U\nf a mriney-maklnr; huhlneHH, 1'artlculari
U <;. W1LKK. SCVI Kearny »t.
A* K-v»; <;ia.\lt f.lai,<1». 510 gr'-v-erlemanil tiara'
."fm .nr"1y f«n<l \rr- <-r*ani utorrn, r.0'1 pMhii-
t*nt*. 900 »t ire* nf mII Ulnd«;»arinerh wmili-d
Partlm with fliKi up cMti he nulled. If you
••.,'• to i.i,\ 11 1 i-ti,. r: call and «i*e u«.
\\ Al.Tr.H HAYE» 4k CO^IM Markrt *t.
l"«ilt firlv«t<» «mI<— Homu of the foe*t nalounii In
<h« rlty. WALTER HAYF.H & CO,, tA
Mwrket rt. . ¦; ,
I It A VIC batxaln* In cmrerl** «n«l liar*, rew-
imirjinlr:. i-.i >•,;,.. .1.1, .11,,., clearH, n'>tlnti*:
flnit mnw, «ir. j JOI1STH »«A|Lli;, V.t MUt.
¦« IIM: 1 • 1 nut .tut ; ritv (i.. 11!; \V.,<*, JOHKI'll
nAILIK. V.% Market *±
<•.:-> |i|;I.K'AiV. fruit, poultry and fluiritoie;
d'ljolnlnir town: well +rui\,HHhnl and well
rlorkwij J»nMlS. 4«IFJICI»JII^1JAIMK. "Mt Mill.
I'ARTNKIt wanted- I 'rod uce rnrntnUalon Ini*?.
»ie(<ii 1 . . .-¦ . ¦!.¦¦ ,,,ri. ipnn;i t:lf uf liutlrr, eifitd,
,hr»p» nnd other prorjurej |jy» required. IK3N-
•-'I.I.Y <•<¦., fjj Maik->« *t.
t'i'fl liAl/in:;; r M re rliwtiii- for tit** rlffht man
»•» •ciiulre n kimk! |)H)lnt; bu*lne««; Kuuruiitee.
tjm per riKMith <|,nr .if nil rxi.eniiea; cheMii
I'fit: 7 rof.il Itvitic riwinm: no better location
In th» i'lty. Itunlnr** |in H n1 Trsd«, Sid rilif.
I I'M -PAPTNirn wanted; innnufafturlna builT
••^ff. t'}""'- «'¦«•> •rude: *tapl« «..„.)».
MiLA_i;<IHL!N K <-fi,, 77714 Market *t.
.Atiinn or ff'ntlenieti «f^«o^fiiii!r~wtthriT
rjpim of \M or tnnre in wander In fnrnliii
a \ny ccod pMylns i.u*in.-i.i< for
-"J'H?U'!. a ?? ** " |jov " dencribeil. lluu Jirfia, <'4,||.
"l/OniHT and «le<nr«tnrtii 3 Uving rooms; sood
M«n«l; rliffcp; ..wtifr has linn<iri H n( en BtJKP .
ment f\*t*b<rri>. CIIAK. WJLLMOTT; »10
AittfUtM Iff*
« in «*!•— <»»od «nir»-n ; chraprprttprlctor f o*_
|.'.o- I1AHUA1N: Finail rofTpT^nd Thophous/
¦ 1 mri)r fwnl bu«lnoH«; m table tnr man un<4
wife. Apply 81 1,1, Klghth "t^ forenoon"
NOTION and variety Hurt; |ep« than t'ost nf
flock, thrfc lar«,-e living looms; no scents.
n«7 Powell.
RJEBTAOItANT fnr Mle cheap on account of
•ilepsriure; living rooms complete. i36 Bcc-
<-.nd *t.
LIVKRY Mable at sacrifice figure; (crowing
rlty; rummer rei«ort; SO mile* from Han Kran-
cluoo; larce stable; fine horses, carriages and
rittinrE; low rent.; stape line In' connection.
M. r. THOMPSON, box 40S4. Call office.
$J€0— PARTNKR w«nte"d: saloon. 640 Commer-
cial St.. Fecond door from Kearny; rent J20.
•~no — PARTNKR In dyeing, cleaning: c^jod man;
experience not necesuary. 1421 Point Lobos av.
FOR eal«— Candy. Ftore and Icecream parlor;
enrrft ifMuHi.n Innnire at 1642 Market at.
nUSIXESS CHAXCES — Contlnueil.
$;W— OIL, route, horse, wagon and 330 patent
cans; this Is an oil proposition that pays.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. SO Kearny st.
J1S0O— GROCERY, fruit and produce store do-
Ing a business of J45 per day; full value In
eight. HORN. BOLOMON & CO- 30 Kearny.
FAKE business proposition* not listed by
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.
$650— GROCERY and delicacy fitoro doing fine
buMne**: established 'trade; largo profits; a
good rhance to Increase.. thn buMness. HOll.N,
SOLOMON & OO.. 30 Kesrny st_ _.
$;oo— CANDY store and Ice cream parlom. pay-
ing over $100 per month proflt: fixtures alone
ro»t more than price asked; thin is a genu-
ine bargain and It will pay to inwetlgate.
HORN. BOLOMON & C < ±_J?L}5?JZ!!}} / - B !v
lloWV^KX'lTNTTlMtR store in besT bu*ine«B town
pn roan; i-ntabllshed 17 year*: paerlflced in
order to. clew entate; expenxe of Investigation
paid by us if not found us- represented.
HORN. FtOl^OMON & CO.. 30 Kearny at.
wTThave (wo ahoe, utores for mle at nearly In.
voji-a prk-e; <all and set particulars; It will
pay you. 'f HORN, BOLOMUN & , CO., 30
Kearny tt. | : ¦
wTfoLK TTr half IntrrMt In well-stocked pnylng
drug More on Market el, ; rent only |C5; Rood
|e«M; owner leaving rlty on aeeoutit of «l^k-
nen«i a bona tide bargain. . HORN, tlOLOMON
A CO.. 30 Kenrn y st. .-
BTBAM laundry, new machinery, for »Hle. »H0O.
or owner will «ell half Interest to good bujl-
ne«s man for **f>o: will guaratitee 11*0 to $3M
ptr month. 11OIIN. SOLOMON & CO., 30
Keiirny st. .
WHOLESALE liquor store; established 11 years:
doing a business of $40,000 per year; books
open to inspection to reliable parties; terms
If desired: a rare bargain. HORN, BOLO-
MON & CO.. so Kearny st. .\i
$:,00— GKNKRAL merchandise store for sale at
a Mcrlflr*: telephone exchange reduces rent
to $12. HORN. BOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. POLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st. ; tel. Main 1604. ,
OLD-ESTARL1SHED livery, boarding and sale
Ftable: 17 horses. 15 boarding horses. 4 hacks.
9 buggies. 3 carts. 3 wagons. 27 sets double
and tingle harness, .blankets, robes, whips,
halters and everything necessary to conduct
the business: income S900 per month: expenses
J6C0: will inventory $7000; pri«e $5500: owner
mu*t go to Honolulu. Call 1315 Stockton St..
between Broadway and Vallejo^
WANTED— Energetic man with $3300 to buy an
! old reliable patent medicine business, includ-
ing Ftock. formulae, secrete, etc.. owing de-
parture owner. Please call from 4 to 9 i>. m..
Mendel's Pharmaoy. corner Washington and
Eroderick etc.
TO LET— .Small barber shop in town of Rich-
mond: no rent. Call on or write to P. W.
ENTRICAN. East Yard. Richmond. Contra
Conta County, Cal.
WELL equipped French hand laundry: ex-
clusive cash patrons: without competition;
good profit: poor health cbuec of sale. Ad-
| dress box 3P25. Call office: ¦
OLD-ESTABLISHED and good paying bakery 1
and confectionery: Western Addition: cause |
of selling', sickness. 314 Devlsadero st. j
FOR pale — Branch bakery and notion store. 591
Fourth Ft.; no agents.
BAKERY and restaurant for sale cheap on
account of Ill-health. Box 4019. Call offlce.
I.ODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL....
THE BARGAINS IN THE CP'V
G-room flat on llalsht $C.'>0
100 rooms; clears MOO JWVt
S2 rooms: clears $200 2000
1G rooms; on Powell f'-'O
C6 rooms; on Kearny 1600
14-room boarding-house 1400
21 rooms; offer wanted 900
10 rooms; rent $27 50 A 3D0
22 rooms: rent $47 , 450
)6 rooms; corner: fine for transient 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st., near Market TOO
18 rooms: on Third st., near Market B50
14 rooms; on Mission Bt '. 550
40 rooms: rent $G0; clears $150 10OO
21 rooms; north of Market: clears $200 SHOO
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2C00
20 rooms: on Geary st.: clears $130 24M
S-room flat: sunny tide "00
6nr, othfr houses. 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 7«5.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market ct.. opp. Mh,
A. CAMERON & CO..
?50 Market Bt. nnd 8 Stockton st.
Rooms It 22 and 23. Phone Bu*h F2S.
If you nave hotel, roomlng-hous* or butlne-.is
to sell list with us. We have cash customer*
for all sizes and prices.
63 rooms; downtown; modern anartment
bouse: clears |300 per month; first-class
lnvesiri ?r.i «3;'f)
34 rooms: rent J130: elegantly furnished;
paying hcuee: good perm, and trans IU5.1
IS rooms: choice resident part city; ele-
gantly fumUhed; upright piano; modern;
S rath; reduced to I "SI"
2S room*; <~oi. ; rent 1100: npartment house... lfi'O
« room*; modern flat: Oeary 4*1
10 room*; rent $50; pood and clean ¦¦'••)
I* .rooms; all new; nnk fur,; full.... 1.W)
14 moms; rent W: e^od furniture 1**1
11 rooms: rent 140: piano; newlng machine, Wl
I« room*; rent JVI: hardwood furniture 5W3
J2 room*; ror.; board Ing. house T;'io
MA nJOfTeTniFFIN. , . ,,..,,, . .nyl'nll OuilnMnK
719 Market M ; money to loan. 'JVI, Hlwrk WX
10 room*: rent til; clears 133 each month, ioii
11 rr.oTns: nk'« f ur. ; fln« rarpft*: fl room*
r + n t,4 fnr I'.'i ; 4 l.lks. N. <>f MmU.-t H.;
ii-miH 4 os*h, 'i In mthly InetAllment*, K0
4'i room*: cienn; l»rm furnisJir'1 tn rlty;
Inrftm* |39J monthly: ttrlcily rfpitftci^ble 4r/rt
1fi0 rooms ; modern: flfflfeni *•!<»« m Hio.... Cnn
17 roomn; clfurlnf %1«; iiintnllment«; tmvgsl:*,
14 room*: *lff<r|p ll«bt In evory room,,,, \ona
21 ti.'.tllC, A |ll--l r-t«-H llrtllFlrll' ImiIIM', , c . lt.'»l
in rwim»i limiwk^pliig; rrnt J5T; full,.., loon
27 iin'tiic: -irniK lluO; rich Mini •¦l«-».ntit .. .. '.wo
jit r-itne; N Mill : miiuiv xlOr; |2nn, l>i<t,
monthly pflvrrfnt*: rrnt 140; Invnm* f*o 4*o
M rootrs; <-»nir«l: rnrneri b motiry co,ln*r iVO
si;li:<'T voi'iT noi'Hi: i^itoii "this lahTn
mr i.ikt in town,
J> room*: el«-Knnily furnlnhed; cheap rent,, fiirrn
15 rooms; very o>«lrnh1e; urge vnrd '. 17R
25 room*: Vnn Np«« «ve.': sntnethltig rxtra 1V'O
f>4 rooms; cunny cor.; worth double. !r>oo
'(, romns; finp location; lilg tnonry-miikpr Woo
102 room*; biggest monry-ma,ker In rlty.. 67»O
IIS HMitni; particular* given bus. people. JB.nno
Hundreds to rhoose from $11*) to (100,000
Also boarding-houses nnd country hotels.
F»» our specall bargain list before buying.
WALTEn_H^YEfl\fc CO., m Market st^
FIHHER A CO.. PZ.'i Market st., opp. Mason.
4« rooms; north of Market: only..... 11HO0
i« rpomn; Hyde; very finely furnished.... Cm
20 rooms; rrnt K>0; location desirable 900
If a barpaln we have \Tiem at any prlcr.
STYLISH furnished sunny corner; oak folding
he. Ik; n«»l carpota nnd heddlng; Income. tlOO;
rent $I.i; owner purclw*e,I Ktore nnd must nell
regiirdlesn of price. FIRHER, 035 Market ft.
WINSTON & WOLK. 1028 Market st..
Over Wonder Millinery Store. 4
!> rooms; rent S30; only $1RO
is room*; rent tlO: a finap 1100
?,f> rfirms; «ee It and make offer.
35 rooms; fine corner: only 2700
s room*: downtown flat 2C0
(600 cither lioueeii to delect from).
ATTENTION "ni:YER.«! ~
You may buy any roonilng-houm In
the rlty. ami pay for It,
In monthly payments
from the proflt*
of the, hnui.lv
Vacant h'iu*e* furnliihed,
DONATE) INVKHTMKNT «'" ..WO MarU^-
3'HiKPU IIAILIH. ".'Ii Market st.
::<- room*; Powell...., $2100
42 r<v»m« ; Turk 3000
21 rooms; Third ,,....? 275
IK room*: Fifth; H'lod plnno Included KKio
Mnny other*, north and wouth nf Mnrknt st,
ft n'KJMH; Ml"*«lon *t.; rent »B0; price I72J.
n mom«; Mn»nn St.: rent f<&i i>rlr#» I750,
V, rooms on Howard; rent fSO; prli« $1000,
19 rooms on <lr»nt «ve. ; rent $7S; prli-n IKiOO,
13 iiMiiiiN on Kddy: I'iMii v.M; price P«,n.
ICHRKKA HEAL lCHTAI'li. 2^ HUth »t.
UrrtMHNli'MnVHIW,- li<iurdlng-lif.u»f» umPho^
iHn In null r-vt-ry buyer; ibis nfflcn In llrniiHPd;
I nm PHUMIrhrd »ilnce 1KM; 1 tonn tnunpy to
liuyer*; geii^rnt *ull*ifiii'tloli kiiiuiiiiIi •«••!. ( 'it la
ti. \V, HCHWICINIIAHD. phonu Mint 1911.
MimliiN 1, 2, Nn. 1M7 MlllkPt lit., npp. Mumiiii.
25 It'iiiMH; rent IKO; riTi.|,,|n fi limit iZuU. , , jw;,n
10 mom*; rent f'.'i; rl'iu-* IX, per month, ,, O)
t.".i«i l^nldliiK -linii^e, 14 room*; vnry rlieiip
rent: *rat«T free; pity* gi»o<l proflt. HultN,
Hoi/iMON A <"(),, :o Kearny »l,
II ItooMH; tr«n»leiil! Nn, I fiiniltur*; (••ntml:
(heap irnfl. I10NNKLLY <;O., upp. t'nluva
lintel, «3J MnrkK »t. . ,'.y\- .; •¦¦
ulviyrtiArU"mmih r ViTfiT^rl r*? riTl 1 0rt j |M0, IK)N-
NKIXY fO,. npp, I'Hlni'w UnlM. M2 MnrH»t,
ilMIlVTIJAlilNMT
MItsr'jrTrWHITNKY- **
Tranc", tiunlnrM medium; life render: rxnm-
ln'f. Mr; oil Ideations; medical clairvoyant;
trr-nt*. cures Nick; ciincer rrmoveil wlthmtt
uh nf knirn. 1K,4 O'Farrell. nr. Oougb: iSIIIn-
nt. car; sit.. Hi ' _V_[\_ *_l__?I1lJ. !**-* J m -
Alf'TKlt a mvpic Tlln^iin.Mrs. l»f. Kftrnhniii, the
wi rl<l-rr-liii\\n«-«l rlilrllmil medium; mUl.T. Ill
¦ II «rfalrit In life; I«wk\iHk, divorces, dnutlm;
unttew tho «ep«r»tPd; mining a specialty; clr-
rlfi« fiun., Wed.. Krl. «-ve.; letters answrrcd.
RfBld. (nn'ulgn*). 6U I Ediiy. bet. Hyde'Lixiklii.
MrWi/JUIBK H. DltEW. rsychlc. Electric
and Magnetic Ilenler. Room 14.' 303 !*rktn
st. : tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. tn. toO|i. m.
SPIRITUAL meeting cvrry night rxcrpf Sun-
•lav-Mondny. MRS. MAXWELL. 1238 How-
ard Ft.: convincing test.
MH8. KBERHART8 convincing , tent to-night,
10c. 32^0 Twenty-second st. ; skeptics invited;
telephone lllue 854.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst. palm-
Ift and card reading,- 25c. 1241',- Market st;
MRS. HARLANIVS. to-night; Wed.; art.: seal;
let/ read; 10c; read. „ ' L. 60c. G.' $1. 148 Sixth.
EARU1C, 622 Geary' st.,' telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances lues., Thurs. & Sun.
" SPiniTUALilS^I— Continued.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night; 6O."i McAllister; 10c; come,- skeptics.
\\~J~"kekGAN lioids pplrltuKl meeting every
night except Kat.; 10c. US Sixth Bt.. id floor.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister et..- room 33;
circles to-day, 2 and S p. in.; sittings dally.
C. V. MIL.LER'R materializing trumpet eeance;
8 p. m.; 50c. 10S1 Hunli St.. npar Ix-avenworth.
FRIKNDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: tetits to all to»nlght; 10c.'
CI.AIUVOVANTS. ''
mmb,*jm.^bern1ard,
THK 1'AMOUS
flslrvoyant and bunlne** medium, permannnt-
)y locate at 17 Third «t.. next Kxamlner bid*.
8ht rea«1s your life correctly, srlvea an acqiir-
I ate rJeniM'Iptlon of Ihe pa»t, reveals the present
happening and portrays events to occur In thn
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un>,
hippy or not natl»n>d In life, or have dom«««-
tle, lovp or hunlneus trouble*, consult tnlsBrnat
medium and you will he told how to over;
<'ome llwm. VnluuMs artvlee In all affairs 0C
life; 2&o up; perfect ratlufnctlon guarantemi.
JlftH. I>7l~\T:KAlllcTTh^ well-known tranes
mpiihim, Is permanently Ideated at 12M Mar-
¦ kei pt,, enrner <lnlt1en Ustp «ve,, rooma 2»
and 20; take elevator. 1'erfeet aatUfac lion
iruarante«il l»y mall; «end *lainp for pamphlet
with upejMnl term*. Htily and Sumiwy.
MMI1. VAhKlSN.'reiiioveii to IWU Market st..
palmlit arid life render., inyehfo and. ma i«-.
netln lienler; eurew dl«ea*r»g and naintu,
leftfhes how to Influence people and b« sue*
eensful In love and financial affairs. '
MMK.PortTKR, womlerful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double vell-«econd sight ;
dURnoKes rtlpease with life reading ladles tOc,
gents II: palm. Hnd clalr. sit. $160. 128 Turk.
MADAME • W0RB1.U trance medium; read-
ings daily from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.: circles
Wednesday evening at I o'clock. 10 Hickory
ave.. off Van Ness, near Market st.
ISMAR. the Bsyptlan erypsy. clairvoyant and
PRlml!<t, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st..cor.6th.
MRS. MELVILL.. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1840.
MME. WALTERS. • great card reader: ladies
25c. gents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6tb; open Sun.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; ladles, 25c; gents,
COc. 210 Turk et.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy: palmist; card
reader; 25c up: leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MME. fiCHAFFKR. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittinpa dally. 44S^ Jefsle St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. HHOWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, sents 60c. 132 Sixth at. ¦ ¦ . ' j
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names s:!ven: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
! CARPET. nEATIA'G AXfl CIiKAWTNO;
I W^JTE^^oT^eamie~dtspusted with poor work
! send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3.13-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carptt cleaning works: work
done reasonable and guarantee^. 17C3 Harrl-
Eon st.. phone 2351. ¦
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-.
344 McAllister st. : phone South 146. '
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, rncr.. 3S-4O 8th s.t.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. C.irpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co. . 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter 3t. ;
tel. Main 204. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth ct. ; telephone Jessie 9»4.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Oate ave.: telephone Ea6t 126. ¦ ¦ ¦ .
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painleps cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. H"7 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE to let at 2429 Buchanan St.. near
Jackson.
DENTISTS^
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 HaT-
ket Et., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done palnleenly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 t.0 up; plates, extractions fren, 14 60 up; of-
flce hours, S a. m. to 10 p. m.: Bundayt, 9 tn 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D,, Manager.
EIGHT prizes for beat rrown*. plat«*. bridge*
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, pa'nless method; 20 yearn'
/•xperlenee; no student^; advice free; prices
rh*Bpe»t and guaranteed: lady attendants.
PR, OKOIWR W, LWKK. 20 O' Parrel' ¦ nt.
A— NRW unhre«k«M» |.late, Iho Ro»fl I'earl,
warranted for 20 year*; crownn, J160; fllllnB 1 !
f,Pn; plates, IS; full mt; all work palnles* and
warranted, Chlfaaro |vntnl 1'Hrlorn, !i hlxtii.
phT^I4!ni»r;Mmiji"n«^MVrket, nr. Mleveiith
—No eliarga for exir.t'-'ilnf when phten ar*
innde; (M platen inailc; over IIHn new; teetlr
from IS per *?t; oxtivuMlng. Mm; rbh given.
KXIMcYlT rt^ntUt In onl^r to build up * pruu-
tlie will fill «e#lli. nmko Pl»t»M, Kolil t'rowna
ami lirlris" work at liertrwM prices; payin»nls,
U/1U'« 1141 1'olk Htitter;ji|i»n rtu^W
CMtfTltY, "Dentlut"; a'l work giiaranteeil. 214
MeA HlBt»Tj«t.i pliotia Mint 27*1,
l~ATtTM Drfilnl P«rlor«, 23S l<i«firny, eor, Hush-
Full eel nf teelti. Ml rtnwim, t3; nillngw, 2*t%
tJiCTiTh. WALHlt.fil.V'i (Jeary.nr.Larkln— l'aln-
Irss rutriiiilnii f.QcjpUU'fc <r. upiiiholln 1'olk 1U.V
DR. It. (J. TRUMAN, <1cntl»t. third flonr. Kx-
e minor bulldlnR; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LmVKHT prices In 8. V. l'alnless extraction,
60c. N. V. D<?ntl«ts. Bfi9 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Palnl"^"; cvenlngn and Sun-
days. 1001 Market ;«t., comer Klxth. ¦
8KT of teeth without plates. UR. 11. O.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk Kt.
imi:SSMAK15US AXD SBAMSTItiaSSKS
MU8. N. WAHl/iuiHT. drespmakor from New
• York, will open hit May, dressmaking after
the l.-itrat fonhlon. COS Kearny Bt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clats rates; patterns cut.. 1010 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
nttentlon. 121 Post, over O'Connor ft Moffatt.
BUUCATIOXAL.
aAtLAOHEn.MAnaH^ilefo.Vp-rrtttbrdfy^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
V. Gallagher, expert court reporter, tenchrr of
thorthaud; reportorlal phrasing taught; prni!-
tlrul booUkerplnR, full courB*', $50; catalogue,
HRAllD'RinUaiNBBSVCOLLJsaH, 24 Pout «t""
H. V.— IlooklC'eplnK. shorthuiKl, typing. Inn-
gung^H, telenrnphy. KngllNli branches, civil,
elei-trlfHl and mlplng engineering, etc; duy
A nlRlit Heaaibnn; new 8f)-imgn fatalogue, free,
AYU?:8' DuilnQii ('olleiro, 723 Market Bt.-Day
« eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthnnd. typing, t*N>K-
i-iipliv, '•!'•.; life Hftiolnmhlp. l.'.n: In'Mvldunl
Instruction: poBltlona went*'!; catnlnRiio frrn.
A^tTih I.YCICUM, an nrcrrdltMl preparatory
whool for Ihe university, law and medical
college*: ref«>reni'na, President Jordan or nny
Htaiifurii profe*«or. I'liolan building.
CMTFOimiA~nT8INKHH V.bT.i.Klift i him ponl-
1lonH Kiiaranteeil to It by wiillen crnitraijt und
inn Iliei'i-for* with conllilencn ffiianiiiteo pu»|.
tlona to nil Its KiwiiiiUeH, 3fi5 f «»_rk_l_n_ wt,
iCNoiTJlVlfliUNn-V'lvll, «'1«<CwliilMir 1 mei'h,, sur-
vey. a*a»iy, ryanMn; day, ovn, | oit, 11(14. Van
ner NalliMi Ht'htinl, 113 Fulton, nr, Oily Hull.
aTI'TtliI cfturnn nf Dllla bookkeeping nnd tlm
OrrRjj Mlinrthniul rostn' only IrtO, Hnu Krou-
«Uri) lltiKlneM* College, IS.'iH' Market ct.
1 Ji^HP Kf! Ta f /r V— Perfect I tiaf hcBtlineral himineiM
1 rolleue gni'liiates; linnkkeeiiliiKI figures! *hiirt
limn, TAIllt. "''O'.i i_!^ pHrjntt hlilg.
MHUnn.fcMlI.LKIt "'olleHe, nhurthnnd ami
typliiBi I'emoveii to 'how Mtiarter", rmn. 40«45,
I'mi'iiM IiMk,; lndlvlil, liiiiiiiii'Miin; I'MlnliiRiif,
Wa"ntICI>--A few pupil* In nil brnnoliea ¦ In
oil pHlntlnu by very competent lady leauher;
BOn. llnx Ti, Call of flee,
, Plifil'T MHIIK1. fmni I'url*. violin, mandolin)
guitar; Mpfrlfneed, ino» Mls«lnn st.
A*uTTnMI5TTr\"lmokkeeplnR. (tramtnar, writing,
etc,; day or eve, ; t* mo, 1034 Mission, nr, Oth,
KI'ANIHII lensona Blvnn by a native, Spanish
Inucher. £13 McAllister Rt,
Tr^itTimTATrm^'t^ATiTrNTjTON'B DAY and
• H.t.UHTnATlON-lilKlit elMUH. O4 1'lite, st.
1 nMir*i<oYMte.%'T otci^icws. :
'• ITA*LIAN Labor «iuppGT"co.. 21 MonTgomery.
avn., ie.1. John 1481, will supply labor free of,
rharse.j upeclalty of railroad help, fnrm
hand', miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
1 JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short'
! notice. 1125 Sutter. tir.-Polk: tel. Larkln 2331.
• JAPANESE 1 and Chinese help' of ' all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
• AOKI & CO,. "421 Post st. : tel. Bunh 133.
! JAPANESE, central houseeleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Kutter: tel. East 203.
RKLIAKLK Jnpanese-ChlneRe employment .of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton;: Main B18S.
•' ORPHKUM Employment Of flee— Japanese. • Chi-
nese help.426 'Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 6072
- CHINESE and Japanese i employment \ of flee---
Best help.. -llltf' O'Farrell et. ; t tel.'. East 426.;--;,
! EMPLOYHEAT WAKTED— PE5I.\:.S.
WANTETD— By a competent woman, a situation
to do general housewcrk; one who is a good
cook; moderate wages. Apply at 3o6 Minna st,
YOUNG lady wishes h position in office or fac-
tory work-; good penman and educated; . can
also do typewriting. Uox 3011, Call offlce.
YOUNG German ' girl would like position.. to
fare' for child: sleep home preferred. Apply
35 Austin' ave,, bet. Larkln and Folk und
Hlr.e and Hu»h HtB. •.¦ ¦ ¦ -
RKSPKOTAliLI-: young lady wants 0 Rood sit-
uation at huusework. Please cull 1130H Fll-
litrt »t, ¦ '. - ' '....!
V< IUNU wornun~*iTiwlM) want" sltuntton; houpe.
work; sleep, henna, i!, St K, HER, ffitt Paclflo. »t,
A R1CLIAUL1<; young •womnn wUhes prlvute
uftU-en to dctan: li«Nt reference! j $4 to $5 per
week. Hox 3007, Call offli'e. .
nbHPiTAL*"nurSa"iictilr«'i» wro o'f Invalid; ref.
m-wni-ea. , Hox 20J2. Oall ¦ oftjir'*.
A YOUNU Kill wmTiTm "sltuittion to assist' In
jrflneral lunmework or necuml work; live, with
purents; reference*; no poitula an»wereij,
«,'ttll at DM Btevenaonjjt. .
YOIINM1 womnn would like plueo its ceolc. Call
at »r.tf Million nt, _ ____„
A NK.'i-J wonmn, n tfimri cook, wishes iltuatlon
where there is no lutly to Interfere; references.
630 Omigh st. • ¦ ' ¦-
A N efdTrry^voniB nT flrnt»cln nn American co6k,
Stooil breatl maker, partleiilurly elenn ami
careful, would take chargre of lower floor;
wngos $1 60 per week, 744 Harrison st. ¦ •
WANTKD^-liy a good coolt, a position in a
private family; no objection to short dlitanca
In country. Call. 819 Minna st. ¦ « ¦
W1NCHK8TKR Hous«, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— SCO rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 B0 to
$8 week; convenient und respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements und subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT 'WANTED-— MALE.
CAKB baker, aged 25 (Swiss), wishes situation
as second or third hand. Address T. SIEBER,
625 Paclflo st. . - '
SITUATION wanted ae coachman and gardener
by handy, willing, all-round single man for
private place; good references. Box 3033, Call.
YOUNG German who has learned the drupgibt
trade in the old country, would like to get a
position in the same business or anything
else. Address ALFRED M., 625 Clay st.
COLLECTOR, by elderly man; ¦ experienced;
city guarantees; salary or commission; very
moderate. Address box 3008. Call office.
NURSE with good hospital references; also 3
surgical physicians' references: salary $10 a
month. Address 1E6 Ferry at.; tel. Reed 612.
YOUNG man would like to go to Alaska; ex-
perienced with mining machinery and auto-
moblles. Room 571. Winchester Hotel. .
WANTED— Situation by man and -wife as
I waiter, and cook for man, or camp, etc.
Address Box 3001. Call Offlce.
SOBER. Industrious' and educated man of 28.
recently from the East, wants work of, any
kind. Dox 3034, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position In grocery dellv-
ery or milk route. Call or address 212Vi Bart-
lett st. j 1_L__
TOUNG married man. -peaks several lan-
guages, wants position. Address 3005, Call.
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender: city or country; best of references.
Address G. M.. 1104 Larkln st.
COMPETENT rlgbullder wishes engagement to
take charge of a gang tn the field to build
! rigs and derricks. Address H. S.. 10G3 Mission.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced 'German, 35 years
of age), wants position. ROETHING, 1214
Lnguna st. ir»
YOUNO Frenchman. 25, highly educated and
speaking several languages, wants position.
Box 4020, Call office.
WITH good references, I want a place as cook.
in boarding-house or Institution in this city.
" Address Y12E LING, 20 Prospect place, city.
YOUNG man. strictly sober, wishes work of
any kind. Box -4052. Call office.
PLUMBER— Young man. S3 years of age, wants
to learn* plumbing tnde. Box 3S12, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS musician wishes position: cor-
net or violin. Address 632 Mission st., room 17.
GOOD JapanpRn boy wlfihes situation as school
boy. C. YAMADA, J. Y. M. C. A., 121
HalKht ft. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH ofrice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has* been established at 1C90
Valencia st. .,? . •
KLVAiVCIAIi. ,'
FIRtrT-CLABS~8^UmTIES, "''' ~*
I deal only in first-claps neourltles; the can-
Houa inventor enn usually find something In
my offlea exactly suited to his need*; call
and »e« mo. You «r« always welcome.
T. OTWAY 8ADM51R..
Itnnm <ft, Rift Pln« at,
'FLATiJTO LIST.,
n^Vri?"nveTTlC'f>rf*Kleven7h--l' % |a.t ol 3 room*!
cheap r»nt, to nmnll family.
W*W\wii7~Kt, n«<ir Twnn(y-MBond-=D roonin,
path, laundry, ele.; inoiiern,
I'LAtIo l*t. 0 rwnis nnd l>slh. 222f>',4 MlMl'm
rr,, bet. Hlshteentli tnA Nineteenth.
I'M, AT, 4 rfmml'a^iifvnTr'renTTlJ. N\V, eor«
n»r lfarrUoii ami tfmmuit its^ ¦
5^VKNTIl7^ ( 'r«ni"'» ! lle ti«w tifiMtofflea— Klat, 4
minny roomn; rmit rMiwoiixlile.
SUNNY upper Vlftt, iTroornif, bath nml yard.
JH* folenm Bt, , ,
3 AND' 4 room flats, 3 llnyward nt,, off llarrl-
• Bon. IN nnd 111; wll flrnn nml mi nny.
FliATS TO lillT— Kurnlshcrt.
A N1C15LY furnlnhed modern fl«t of 4 rooms,
complpte: rrnnonHlilf M3 ICildy wt.
FUIt.MTliUE VOli SALE.
FOR SALE— All Hie contrnts of an elegantly
furnlehed flat of 7 rooms at a sncrlflcn on
aroount of rctnovnl fro/n the city. UEO.
GORDON, 2015 Bncrnnirnto st.
4 KOOMS furnlHhed In oak. IIS fiO, with No. 7
rnnge. King FurnltU'-n To.. 1127-1131 Market.
FIJRNITtTRK of 10 rooms: amo -firewood,
planks, boards, beams; cheap. 330 Jessie st.
FOR Kale— Tho furnlturo'nf n 7-room Hat; fine
location; rent, cheap. 1315 Stockton St.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, i-arpets nnd
¦stoves: give us a, trial. 1114 McAllister wt.
lajRJVITtJRIfl WANTF.D.
TO receive hlKhost vnliif- for furniture, carpets,
etc., sen W.lC.Cody, 7^7 Mission; tel. Rod 3353.
AM 1 'Roods nnrt'flnn furntturn bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Butter st.;, tel. Jumeg HI,
AUCTIONEER John V.Hior. 23 Kearny. buy* A
vella. your bus,.merPhniidUe,fiir.,oarp«ts., ete.
Ik yTITwaiit to sell furn.. m(1«e, ( etc., see J, A.
Munro * Co,, 240 fttocklon wt, : tel, James 1311.
A. WOLLl'EHT, 773'Mlnnlon St., pnys lilBlicct
prlfo for Dt'coiui-hnnil furniture; tel. Uofl 1354.
Auetlidieer-L.VIni'ent.lSO." Larkln; tul.J'olk W4;
furniture- & fiirnM nwneH bought; wpot eauh.
CIIAH. LKVV 1iuys yiur furniture. . carpets,
'plnn"W. e|e, 11.13 Mnr'irt st.i tel. .Irwiln 7fti.
~"Vnoi/i'^VA^n'n>~rij«iAi,io. '
AT C. It. II A NHKN ' & ] '< \'». V ~$™£ Urant T«5
,,, , HOTEL DEI'AKTMKNT
16 wallrnMHnu, report, conmif-rolal and city
hotels ,,,,,,, ••••>, fit 1. |3Q
Itesliiurant wiillresneH, city ami pountry
,,, ;,.,,,,,.. .,$(1, $7. week
n fnnny Ironers, eUy «nd i'ounlry....»30, 110
'i (tlmnil'Kimalris, untmtry , ,,.,.,. lift
Oni'ik, 10 hnanUTXi (iniilitry,,, M'J
a rook", city boiirilliiB liou»e»..,,. 930. I 'I'
Ki'Htiiiiiiinl I'nnk, i'lty •""". i.nliin
Mnn nnd wlfn «a wnlter and waitress, eotm.
! try ,,,,,,,,,.,,,.. ,1, ,i,,< •mm 1 fin
Man ami wlfo mm ronehmwi ami launfirona.ii^
Mun nml wlfn n» pnll*tier ami lroner,.,.,.iii)
"...I,.,,. KAMILV DKl'AUTMMNT
Any wnmnn nr, girl looking f»r 11 pimlilnij
for hnuai'glrl, nook, newnd girl, nur*^« Irl
nan obtain minis at warn* from 110 tn JM by
JipplylnB to C, II. HANHHN & ,CU,, 104
. (Itary «t, ,
MRM. MTl3. DAY'* (;(»........PIir,n«; M«ln 1573
MOTKL nKPAItTMKN'l' ...>,...,..
H waltreMen, ' nwt-elBM city ¦¦ hoteU, 120; 1 10
wnltreK«e« for Marynvllle, Htnrkton. Ifnllln-
¦ ter. I'elaluma. Hanramenlo. rialt,_ Halt Lake
City (Utwli). Wnodlnnil, Hnllnas, $20 and $S3;
extrn waitresses. JIM. freo fare:; 3 elmniber-.
¦ nmltln to WHlt. »20; ehamhermalii. 117 BO.
FAMILY 11BPAHTMBNT ...... ;.V.
FHinlly help of all nationalities fnr ¦ city nnd
«ouiitry places: bent wngns.. Mita. M. ¦ 15.
DAY fit. «:O.. 335_Oe.ttry st. -> , . ,
NI3AT young Milodtady- to work . part time;
steady work later; good wages; nea party
li^re. . MRS. M..K. DAY & CO, L 335 Ofiary.
WOMAN to 'assist ' In general housework; no
rooking," no washing:;, references; $12. 1403
Golden'.- Gate 'ave.' '_
YOUNO girl to < nsslst with ; light housework
and care ; of , child. .' 2502 Folsom st. . ;
GIRL 'wanted to nsslst in housework. Apply
. at :,22\j Jessie st. • •¦ ¦ "
WANTKD— Expert Ptcnographer; $15 month.
- Address .box 3006. Call offlce. ': - '
YOUNG woman to cook. -wash and do houss-
work; for country: .wages $:o. S2S Turk st.
FIRST-CTaASS finisher on pants.- from $9 to
$12 a'' week., and' steady 'work. 211H :Tehama
HELP IV ANTED— FEMALE — Con.
WANTED— Flrst-class cook, no washing, 3 In
family, for San Mateo, $30, see lady here.
¦ Apply. to J. F, CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WANTED— Cook for summer resort. $35; two
waitresses <for country • hgtel, $25; 6 wait-
resses, city and country, $20; 4 second
girls, short distanco In country. .$25; 4 sec-
.ond glrlB, city, $20; 5 cooks, plain wash, $30;
.60 girla general housework, city and coun-
,try, nice families, 120, $25 and $30; laundress,
$-'5;'mirB« Infant, $25. Apply to . J. *.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Butter bU |
GOOD hands on vests, from $3 to $12; also an
apprentice. BilH Stevenaon st.
WANTKD- 2 flm-clas* millinery trimmers for
Eneramento. Apply Bt 623 Market ft,, room 7.
WA NTKI)-Good Blrl to t«U« care of 2 chil-
dren Hiid quaint. Cull at 3Ji3 2Sth, nr. Church.
GIRL for general housework, 770 Chestnut
»t.. hetwf en Jones oml Tftylor.
WANTKD— A young Isidy for retauohlng ftml
¦'¦'¦'••piliin room work In photo studio, (.all
_jtt_M»i lit,, Qtiklunil. , '
LADY solicitor, 10 to^dfty. 3« MeAllliter It.)
snlflry. TUITTKR. ¦ ¦
WANTED-Fanpy starch lron«r. I^lck Lnun-
rtry, 0 l.lck plttee. i
BAl,KfihAtiY"To7~b»\it>ryi muit wait «t tabl«.
nf^ar Pine. /
HTKNUfmAPHEIl'and Jtsslntftnt bookUprpjr.
MO per month. L. & M. AL.BXANDKU, 110
Montgomery st. • •
WANTSP— Waitress. 207 Third st. '
O1HL to repair gents' clothing.' Col. Clothlp*
ngnovatory, 116 Geary st. *
A FIR8T-CLAE8 hairdrrsspr wanted: also an
apprentice. MISS U KKEGAN. 134 Powell.
FIRST-CLASS shirt maker can have steady
work and good pay with DANZIOER, Ladles'
Tailor, 237 Powell st. ____
WANTED— Girl for light housework and cook-
ing; wages $20. 2118 Baker St.. cor. Jackson.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; sleep
home. 105.1 Market St.. upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS finisher; also buttonhole mak-
ers on vests. 956 Mission st.
WANTED— Girl for light housework. Apply
1321 Golden Gate ave.
FORELADY for ladies" underskirt and under-
wear; permanent. EAUER BROS. CO., 21
. Sansome st. : ¦
FIRST-CLASS operator and finisher on custom
made pants. 461 Jessie St.
WANTED— Experienced « girls for tailoring
work at 1 131 Rusa st.; good wages.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 927 Market St., roon\. 623. .
WAITRESS wanted at restaurant. 615 Valen-
cla st. .
WANTED— German girl to do general house-
work for Sausallto bakery; wage3 $20. 616
Green st. ;.- .
WANTED— Front hands on neglige shirts;
steady. work; good prices.. LOWENBERG &
CO., 27 Jessie St., fifth floor.
OPERATOR on panta: must be flrst-class ;
Bteady work;. high waKes. BELASCO-HAR-
RIS CO.. 641 Market at.
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market 8t. I
HAIRDRESSING taught in 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdresslng College. 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes: terms
reasonable. Millinery College. 574 Geary st.
SEWERS wanted to take work home. 723 Mar-
ket st.. room 25. ¦
IRONERS wanted. - 723 Market St.. room 35.
WANTED— Widow; good appearance: $10 and
expenses; references. Box 2SS9, Call offlce.
WANTED— 2 buttonhole makers on coats;
wages $12 per week.. 135VJ Natoma st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tore. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT^cTlT^LXNS^N~&^a r sTITri^loTG^a7y~sL
RAILROAD WORK
For the Big Tunnel, Chatsworth Park.
Headers. $2 GU; cornermen, $2 60; drillers, $2 20
Muckers, $2 Outside laborers, $1 75
' No discount Pay In cash
Free fare Bhlp to-night
20 laborers, railroad work $175
Free fare Ship to-day
Teamsters. Uklah *2
Plow holders, Uklah $2 23
Free fare Free fare
25 while coal miners nnd 2 maohina men to
run link belt electric undereutters for coal
mines In New Mexico; best wages; free fare.
A blacksmith", and helpers, {3, $2 SO and $2 25
a day; 4 farmers, $26 and board; 6 milkers,
ISO; Hcandtnavlan farmer and wife, $40, eea
Iiiimh Imra; gardener and do Indoor work, prl-
vnta pliu-e, $&0; man about place, $23; « men
lo dig tnmehPH, country, -Oa h, foot; butter
mftkBr, «lty |S5.
, liQTKL DEPARTMENT
Nlelit clerk, flmt-els** hotels hotel buteher,
Iiiik*' hutel, $7ft; cake tmk»r, country, $l& ft
week nini fHrej baker nn'l po*try eook for
Mirliiff*, nnrth, 150; chef, emmtry restaurant,
ixfi; Sio iiiHluviiniiriN nml kitchen hands, r.'o
In $30,
Working h«*fl waiter, country hol«l, $50 ami
fare nilvnnced; waiter nnd wife, country hotel,
|4.1; wnlter, eoiintry howl, $30i wnlter, sprlnnw,
»;¦•'! unit fci'i« (tire; 3 nent luneh countm 1 tn@ti
fur railroad KntlnB hoiiNo, |25 ami free f«n»;
pnrier fnr «prlnstii linnUetnmn tor tiui.iiiiir;
illnliwiipliri', 1'i.iiiiliy linlrl, $.10 nml rn-.' inr<\
At C It, HANHIJN * CO. M....101 llpnry ot.
A"MtmiUY k litiJADY l'none fttaln mT«
..LpitdlriK Hinployment and labor Agents,.
,,,. Want 7 m, in. 'J'u-iliiv. .,.
10 rnllroBri teamsters, Uklah Free faro
f.0 laborers, city and country.. U 7S nnd $2 «lny
6 machln« miners, gold tnlns "••.••.
..$75 nnd found, fare pnld
Wagonmaker and woodworker $7_
2 ship cftrpnntnrs: 2 carrlago painters, 7
blacksmiths, shops and ranches, $2 60 day,
$1(1 anil found •
4 blacksmith helpers.... $32 and $40 and found
25 haymakers ....." $30, $32 and $15
15 ranch hands and teamsters.... SM and $30
'25 choremen and boys ...,. $25 and $20
23 milkers, different dairies. $30, $!I5 ami
$37 BO; 4 deckhands, $40; stableman, $25; sta-
. blemnn nnd drive delivery wagon, country
merchandise ntoi-o I"
10 rock drillers, quarry $«'J
. Milk 'wngon driver Milker and wife
42 cooks, city and country $30 to $<?0
*30 waiters, city and country. $25 and $30
Htewnrd for a club; second baker ...» 45
r> bakers, country $40, $45 and $u0
MURRAY & -READY 634-C36 Clay at.
UUTTKR maker, $r.G, no milking: driver for
milk wagon, $10 nnd found: 2 farmers and
wlvos, $10 nnd $50; G milker*, $30 and $3o;
sheep herder, $25 nnd found; fruit peddler.
|20 nml found; fnrmers, $25 nnd $30 and
found: 4 miners. $2 n tiny; stout boy for pro-
rtuee store, $1 day: « camen , for ,J?'J I »} I _|? _
dny; and many nthera, J. F. CROSETT &
CO., ess Sacramento at,
HAKKU, country hotel, |45; J country hotel
t>ofik«. $40 jind $S0; mnn »nd wlf«» for hotel,
wife 000k. $M: delicatessen man for emmtry.
$40: 3 wnltora for country. $25 nnd $30; S
pntwrmhern fur country hotel, $30 to $2.i; rtlsh-
wnnher, $3Q, nml other-. J. P. CRO8OTT &
CO. fl»S Hn r rn mento ft.' _____
AT CAL. KMP. AGCV,, M 8d; phone John 8181.
1 housn pnlnter, $2 fio day: cnrrlnge. pulnter.
2 handy men, light work, $20 nnd $25 month.
3 'farm hand* nt H l»er dny.
2 milkers at $30 per month.
11 laborers, $1 75 and ti per tiny.
I liond Iliieman, tftko chargo of logging crew
iimIiibt slenm ilnnUey engine, ¦ with oabl«,> In
Till Iy country, $10 per month nml bimru.
, B mfiii for mill nml woods, free, fare,
n experlntierd tleinaker*, frea fare,
4 men to cut wood, pine, 4-ft., $1 M per e.ord.
4 njen to mnlta plokets, $fl per thousand.
a'—UO'YKU "iJAZMTTM, S" Motilgnmery, room 13
—Hotel i-liTii, $110; iieini waiter, country ho<
tt\, $S0, frea f «re; 1i»|| boy. $18. ¦ ¦
joUUnI-JVMICN llnrbfi* 1 Intornntlnnul Union —
Kre« nmiilovrnonti only rocn«nl*«ti union, U5
\Tlirk! ««'l. Fnlanrn 1^3. t. LIOHH, J**^^*-^
itAHHinii^-To-nionow III* new aohedulo of
nrlcp* goes Into effaet, All tlioan Unit hava
not reeelvetl union price 'list* may oblnln one
Hiatl- by fnlllng Bt II »BI»tI>i,»i« Wl1 ' be
npfii until 0 p. in. H. IIULLKU. secretary
llonii Ilarliera' I'rotectlvo Atmii'littlon.
UNION barber wnnteii ; wteatiy. 108 fourth «t,
UNTo^'bfirtier, who lives in Weitern AiMltlnn;
" steady; cotnme.ne.c Monday. Hox 308*. Call.
nARBBri wnnted. Apply 681 Geary it.
WANTKD-Blx boys, 14*to 1« years old. Cal-
Ifornin Hitrrel Factory, Twenty-second mid
Illinois -sis., city. _j ¦ ¦' ¦
WANTKD-A bright boy 14 or ISyearH old. re-
slillns Rt home. for. office. Call at 001 Glaus
BprockPl* building at lOiSO.ft. m. __ _
ItKLIAMLtS young man for grocery and bar;
must, have some experience. <00 Folk st.
STANFORD Hand Laundry. Palo Alto, want*
, first-class ironer: wages $30 and found.
WANTED— Two good city 'salesmen. .WHITK
* HEWING MACHINE CO.,' 300 Post ¦ at. ¦'.....
WANTKD— Man to work about restaurant. 1443
- .Harrison at. '• ¦ . '• l '-'« ¦ ¦¦ .
WANTED— First-class advertising/ solicitor;
blK pay to right party preferences required.
Address box 3010. 'Call office. . - ."
BARKEEPER; '• German " preferred.v for beer
y saloon; must.be quick: none but lnelose refer-
»' pnops. will- be -considered. ¦ Box' 3032." Call. 'I
HELP WASTEn— MALE— Co".
BARBERS-4-chatr shop for sale on "-ceount of
alckness of owner: price 1150. 1S3 Fourth st.
RAPID sketch artist. 3 p. m. ' to-day. PRO-
FESSOR CALDERWOOD'S Phrenological
Parlors. 38 McAlllater st.
YOUNG man for grocery. A PP l J B * Kf
TRUEKEN, Golden Gate. Oakland.
WANTED— Good clothing salesman. 1213
Broadway, room SB, Oakland.
WANTED— A first-class short order cook. 304
Mason at.; wages $15 per week.
PRBKHERH at the California Clothing Renova-
tory, 114 Geary at, '....'
DIBHWABHER. »22 Kattery »t. ¦-''^-.
HOY wanted. Call mt 22 S'«th tt.
WAlTuTt wonted ; must do ptjrt«r work an4
tarry tray. 37 Kddy tt. .
GOOD Indlen* wilor; na uther. . McCLENKGAN,
m Kourlfenth •'•• J_ k i a i^_,,______-_-
WAN-fKli-A boy 14 w li jyaw'oW 5 «_f*v«
vuti. Annly_MBat Market. 1414 Vftltrtcla at.
AN expprlenceil young mnn an «Ml«t*nt cutter,
HAUtfHAUVH. 12 Kway »±___ m
\VANTKI>-4 flmt-clnM carpenter* nt 2007 m\i-
more at.; t;ome early and bring tool*.
WAITER wanted. 87 Fourth it.
WAITER wanted. 17-19 Powall , *t L ¦___
TWO boys wanted; factory work. 153 Now
Montgomery it. ..
WANTED-CoatmaJter. 120 Kearny at., flrit
floor, room 1.
WANTED— Flrst-class dishwasher; good home
to right man. 1581 Valencia tt. .
DAY and night cook wanted: 2 day and 1
night waiter. MARTIN'S. 15 Third St. '¦,
2 STEADY waiters and a flrst-class German
porter. Ahlborn House. 321 Grant ave.
THREE teamsters, 2 laborers. Fifteenth and
Railroad aves. ; take Kentucky-st. cars.
STRONG boy for grocery store; must" be well
recommended. Apply 124 Fourth at.
TWO hushelmen on civilian clothes; wages $U
to $20 per week; call at once. GUSS, the
Tailor. 2757 Greenwich st.
RELIABLE boy, 17 to 19, to tack up adver-
tlsements; J2 week. Call 126A Twelfth st.
PAINTER wanted. 347 Fourth st-
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and stenographer;
must be familiar with general offlce work;
wages $30 a month: etate experience and ref-
erences. Addreaa E. B. WATSON. San Jose.
WANTED— One or more partners to assist In
manufacturing business; 60 per cent proflt;
no money asked until parties are satisned.
• Apply 2 to 4 p. m. any day. US Phelan bldg.
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man with
$125 cash; no experience required; pay about
$35 month. Quick Service Restaurant, 496
Fourth at.
PANTS pressman wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. N Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Ba&ters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary at.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
8. N.' WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary St. _.
WANTED— A boy In confectionery. 1303 Geary
street.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 56T Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
8.' Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35:
not less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6
feet 1 Inch, able to read and speak English.
For further Information apply at the Recrult-
lng Offlce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade. In two months, saving two years:
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
. tion with our college; chairs and furniture,
are all madt* to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
r flrst-class carriage gear and body maker:
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER A SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — 2 tailors; coatmaker and a general
tailor; steady work: pay general tailor, $19
1 per week; coats. 17 up. Address W. H.
WALKER. Bakerafleld. Cal.
WANTED^-Laborera and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, atill
runs Denver House. 217 Third at.; 160 lame
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Flrst-clna cook for hotel; refer-
ences required. C. 15. EMJCRSON, Busan-
vllle, Cal. ¦'-
WANTED— Watchmaker; must ba flrat-class;
state experience and salary expected: refer-
ences. Apply to H. MOnTON, jeweler, Ban
Joae. Cal,
PENSION AOBNT HOWARD A, HULLIS,
Pant Commander Gee, II, Thomas Post, O,
A. R.. room 4ft, Phelan bldg,, IQfl ark 't *t.
WANTED— FlYiil-elaM allk nnd drtaa goods
fciilemimn; atato a.ge, e*pert»n<«a a,nd d.iUrv
expeetad. Apply box 40*4. Pall offlco.
WANTlfn^rirPt-pl»p« window dresser; »t«t«
us". «xnerf«neo nml tAUry «xp«eted. Apply
_Jjqx Mi, Cull otrte".
eOATMAKKIl and nanUmakPr far country.
Apply ItKIHH FinOj. _*_'l__ g4 i<Mtt * r l "V.
TAM/m wantPtl on fln# euntmn peats; «t««dy
work; gfmil pay. C33 Natomn wt.
WANTKP-Twrt bu«helmen. Apply at the
Hub, 132 K»nrny st.
WA^<TkT>—106 m«n to take rootni. 10?, 13o and
20i!. Uonftn llotis^, 030 Itowartl it.
CRT your nhoes half-*oled white waiting: 25«
td fiOe. 8fl3 Mission nt.. bet. 1st and t& ats.
WANTEI>-600 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
nrmy iho*«. II up; gollng 20c up. i>!3 Howard.
MCDONALD A PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 6Oe up. til Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NETHAUB ft CO.. 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition,
B. F. Barber School. 741A Howard at.
WINCHESTER Hoiwe. 44 Third St., near »tax-
ket— TOO rooms, 2Sc night; reading-rooms; freo
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2210 Klllmore *t.
HOItSlCS AMI WAGO.MV
10 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
rnrts, harness. Grand Arcade Horss Market,
827 Sixth *t.; auction sales .every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
8. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
8d *ei)slon June 10. Catalorun by applying to
M. li. Pancoast, sec, 810 Golden Gate ave.
BECOND-HAND adjustable, seal trap buck-
boanl and phaeton cheap. O'RRIEN'S, 500
Golden Gate ave. ¦
S HKCONP'HAND unrtnkllng wagona In good
order for aale, S77 Photwall at.
ALL kind* of wngoni. buggle". rarta, hnrnesa,
etc, rhonp. KOAN ft BON. SUT MUalon at.
GOOD bualneaa horses, wagon hor»««. heavy,
light. fH*t purem and trottera. 721 Howard,
AN A No. t exprrna wagon, flngle. «vl»o light
camping wagon.' for wit ch*ap. 833 Ml»*lon.
A^PRINTKO^l.lST ItnuaaVto let; iVnd forVlr-
ftilnr. O. It. IIMHBKN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PEllRY.. MS. near Fourth— IIoiiTd of 4 rooms;
r-ni $7 DO; water free. Apply G. It. tUiUHKN,
14 Montgomery at.
Nlhn »imny corner house, « rooms, and bivn,
tin, Cnrntr of Kill nrM Church at*,. b«-
tween Twenty-flrst and Twanly-»econd.
JTl— lfoifHK of 7 roomaj larga yard. 1J1S
i,f,ivpinvintii Rt., nrir Jnckaon,
Ili-s UKuMH and large flnl»li«.l ba*em«nt and
large yard. 1H1H nu»h *t,. near Franklin.
HOTEL'. TO 'LEASE.'
TO |*aie, llAo n month, imi-i of 44 rooms: nn*
trally located; aoitt?i of Market. Apply. 2
day*. bo« ir.ni. ('.ill oftic*.
LARKHPlih-rfouM efsTroams. furin iahT«T Tor
hou»ek«rp ng{ also J rooms, furnlihatt for
liouNekeoping. for th^ lummiri no children.
Hox 4QtB. Coll olllei*.
: yojtT Axn vov Nn. ~
LO8T-Sunday m *vfnlng nn 'Mission St.. between
&a lt v'? ml i Tw . l ' mh ' *»*>y« : "Ilk umbrella.
1091 Valencia it.; reward.
LOST—A passbook with tha Hlbernla. Savlngn
and Loan Boclety of Ban Francisco. In tha
nnnift of I<ATIE E. DOON. No. 201-12M. Tho
finder will plpase return to bank.
LOST— Discharge paper of GEO. HERMAN,
n'uslcian. Co. D. 27th U. ». V. 2747 Lombard.
liOST— Sunday afternoon, on the street or at
the Oroheum. pearl star breastpin, diamond
center: liberal reward. 106 Powell st.
LOST— Knight Templar watch charm; finder
return. to 413 Lyon; reward.
LOST— Cocker Spaniel; white and black, short
'tail: collar duplicate dogtag No. 442. 605
Eddy st. and receive reward.
PICKED f up in the bay— 2 barges and 3
pontoons: owners can have the same by call-
Ing on.N. MOLLER, 1310 Montgomery st..
-. S. F.. and paying salvage. : .
Wanted-^-Old' gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
'¦' Jeweler. -"54S O'ITnrr»ll-he». Powell and Ma«n-.
INSTAXTAXEOUS_ AVATEXl nEATEIl.
HOT bTth any minute for 5'4c: will flow boiling
water In 30 seconds; save* fire In range: cafl
and see It in operation; send for illustrated
pamphlet. RIRRON WATER HEATING CO..
Examiner bultdlng. room 607.
M ATIU MO.VI.tL _H
GENTLKMEN*'wlahlnjr to marry wealthy'iad^,
tend 10c for list. MRS HERTZ. 7r:< Kllla *t.
MATTRKSJIES A>D ITIIOL.STKH vT"
MATTlftEaaEa"anfi"piiUiwa; tel. Mouth "r>7:
to order or rtnovated. f»ather anil hair
eleaned: expert enrpft i-leanlns: Htrlctly r^h,
able. HOPKE llltOS... 311-ro KlaventK »t.
irthl'l* %!..
A"---lt K N OWN K U npxclaUnt; th>>»<* whu uesiraTi
¦ obtain results promptly; t treat i.,,|.,.h , m | v .
my regulator ha> no r«iual; nil daunts nr t t .
nittl'i t'timpUiiii* reli«<v«il iiv • 1 1 f.ifu r lu .
perior 10 »U «th«r*j th» nrily treatment th-.tt
halim the unrortunnt*; th« m««e «hat|n d i«
«•«»<•• nre lmm»rtl»t«ly relUved wi'tunn ,, 4 ,,,.
no dthsr tr«tm<*nt will ili» thin; the f ,p,f.
flrult r*H»» lr«*iif*«1i aH»n«ln«« rn»ihot|« Biiar.
intee.1. DR. «. W. lVfK)NNI-I.r., Inn M k ,'.. %; .
A THRATMENT that l» *u«riinr**.j to jjiTJ
Inntant r«llef f«r all l*n*»t*» fuini.uintu; i> l(
lonu»«t nnti most oNfliiat" «•»•**«• i!nm«.ll4t«ty
r«ll«vert without pbiik trnve)#rn h*tp#d; n'»
d#lay: consult fr««». Mft*. f»rt KotiL. lia
Market nt.. next to Owl^Druir ?»ir*.
X-Vr' vn»opptr. 1h» w#ll.known f»mHl#"i]!ir
rUIIst, pum» all f#mal» mntplalnts m o n «
day: th« tonceat and most ot<»tinat« o R «««
relieved without pain: every woman h»r u»n
physician; can b« aent: experience m mi
cases for 37 years. 12Jnason st.. neur Market.
DR. AND MRirOAVIES. 1221 Market. ladW
specialists; 22 years' practice: nil rases tr»at*4
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliant*
treatment, superior f» any other: positive cur»
fruaranteed at office: patl«nt3 treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation fre».
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. W3J Market St., nr*
6th — Kxpert specialists: well known and reli-
able: 25 yre. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DP. WYETH. reliable socialist; 26 yrs .*
auccetsful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dies* specialist: bfs-t medical care: low feen.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counter*,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
?2 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019. .1021. 1023 Mission St.. above-
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
FOR sale— Hull of ste«t verse 1. 1025 tons faff.
! ister: suitable for towing proposition i*
Nome or coal barge;. also lot of steamboat
machinery, pumps, brasses, etc. Address P.
O. lock box 215S. San Francisco.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for J350:
cost originally I1C0O. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
; Bill Lange and Ceorare Van Haltren; 30c Dost-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. S07 Sansome St., S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
SKCOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought,
rold. rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.
816 Mission st.
A FIRST-CLASS souare rlano for $30. UN-
CLE HARMS, 15 Grant ave.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. 11 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
BICYCLE— Gent's Cleveland. 1901 model; new:
cheap. Box S013. Call.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 407 Montgomery st.
LOTS of houses and lumber at Anthony ani
Mission sts.. and firewood. Apply «4 Silver.
THOROUGHBRED eggs nnd Incubator chicks.
10c each. Potrero Poultry Yard. 4M Carollnn.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
fcllers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston, SaS Mission St.. nr. £ri.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J BURKE. 133 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate enirines. new A M-hand ;
¦ all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 19 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, aold. exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and necmd hand. THE HER-
MAN BAKE CO.. 417-423 Bacramento at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2'1-hanrt moving pic-
tures. BULLAItD & BRECK, 131 Poat »t.
BAFF-S— New and second hand: all sizes. TUP!
WALTZ BAfK, 1P9-1U Market «t.. Wan Fran.
" M i'sCBM^AX KO US WA NTS,
WANTED— To buy a Ban FranelsM* ateam
laundry.' Olva particular* and addraa* bo*
4O9«, Call nfflw.
TILTON want* food leennrt-hanit elothlnf »n4
tiiratrlPftt mods. VH Ninth! tat, yolwm P^.
JIONUV TO LOAN.
A^MON*KV^o"ioBrT«t ratM^hlrh panpl» tan
nrf.ifl tn pax on furnltur*, i.i.in.it. *(c, : do
not borrnw nf your fr1*»n«1» nr you win lnm»
th»lr frl«n«tahlp: «la bu«ln»n» with atran««r«
and vr.ii will t>» batter satUfl«'1; nt datay; na
publ icily. Roomii Bji-ndlQ. 90* Market st.
Ii :.™!!.?:f! 0 . P 5. n . T !..... n mnrnAnm
and you n«»d mm money. »•• M. MURPHY.
MO Market st. Loa,n4 on estates In rrob*ti».
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gngps. etc. : _
ANY proposition, any Amount: • p»r cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In prottat*. interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgaces and securities. Tloom 1«. 1st flnnr.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%: first, 2rt and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Internet, real estate in prr»-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing buaines.1 alse-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. I.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stor«. MA Market
St.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third at.
LOWEST rates, on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; ronflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms;-no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at., room •*'.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE8THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prtca for old gald. stiver, diamond*.
8% on furniture and pianos; }15 up; no removal;
no commission; private, Room 81, « Eddy *t.
MONEY loaned **larled people without wrcurltr.
HILL, rm. U. Merchants E«.. 431 rallfornli
CASH loaned on astlari**.; New York plan, THR
TOUSW3Y CO., 321 Parrott building.
LOANS, l»t or 2d mtga: city. coun»ry. «"•. undl.
vlded lnts.;e«tntea. itARrEK. 397 farrott bl«r.
LOANS on aftlarlts without lndnr»»<r or secur-
ity: Eastern plan. IVnraon. 300 FhtUn bid*.
$tnn,ooo TO loan nn rent v»rat<> *r for bulldlnr:
low rate. 232 Hanaome St.. room 2..
CASH Ioan»i1 to aalnrleil pertnje on not* without
J"'?""-^^^'-*' 1 '*'' m Kta m|n< ' r "»"'»"*;
TO salaried peonU without collnterw! nr ln-
dor*er. H. K, l>l*iwiiit A^en.'v, III l')i«lnn Mr,
MOXlBY^VAiVTKD^
WANTET>— $TiflOf) nn •ecured note- fur I ynf.
will makit nnt» for trtiM'O nn<1 pny » per r»nt:
gntnl aecurlty. non.illlf, bo» snai. i'.iII nffli ¦«.
|> i ?TJ?! t 'li K «' r ' #
ALL uprights lowest prlcen nnd aavleat l»rnn,
1 Nnvellft ,.,.*«.¦. 3 Clilckerlnga (lid*
1 )t»\t\f baby grand p»w) ,.,...,: $}*»
(Ilka naw> t ¦'•''¦• ? Helnea ?.li:. nn
t Htelnway SIX." 1 iinii-r inm. u,.-.
And ftftv nthem: rent* 13 up ntlawai] on pur-
ilinm>. W* liilii'lle Oil muka«, Agent*, for i.itii •
i>f th« nlilp«t anil tnn«t fAmnui plnno* In ¦**
Utqnc*. Inrlmllng II.ttI«t-Pn v|«. )n<1oraa<f bv nil
th» greatest fna«ter«: over rAono in vm» |n mnit
•xcluslv* homes. •••ln» Piano f'o.,- 217 tiaary.
ALL PUn"oiT purchnVM of~fHIEnMAN.~T t LTT'
A (*<*), mny b* exehnngari for n npw Htdnwsv
upright or liabv graml plnnn any t*m* wtthin
3 years from dnt» nf pttrehi«*o, and ha,v* full
price allowed. New upright piano*. *rt r" 1 *
month; aom» gotrt p*anoa nolij for 11. II ""I
IS n»r month. SltKMl.iv, J'LAY * m.
HtaLnway dKalem. corner . Knarny am! f»utt»r
•tn., Han Frwricl'ro: corner f.ri.i.l .v-iy and
Thlrtynth st.. Oakland.
AT BYRON MAtTKY'M.'SOU POST BT.
You ar<! Jnvltwi t.i rail and hear th» T**r-
leM electric netf-ptny'ng piano, nttachment:
enn be put In any piano: also to Inspect our
, piano factory and «.«•> how a piano is mrK
Agent Sohmer. Byron Maujy, Oabler, Ham-
llton. Splelmann pianrm.
A LO^V price and a srood artlcuT Is what th»
people want. We have both to offer In thn
piano hne. An upright for $100 and a*
much more as you feel like paying. Call an<1
. see- our stock before buying. We can save
you money. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 763
_Market st.
IBSOLUTKLY the oldest snd lar^pst hou«»
west of Chicago IsKOHLER A CHASE'S W
2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, ortrans and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terma easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please aad satisfy UM
customer.; ; '' . . *,v";.\> ' ¦¦ ; ¦ ¦ . -v. -¦.¦¦¦; >-_¦ \: ¦ ; * ¦ . . ; .' " . ¦ ; ' -¦ • "¦-¦'" ' '. - ¦ - " __-. ..¦-¦-¦ ¦ . .¦¦.-('¦'
THE SAN FKANCISCOCALLV TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1901.
13
TO i LEASE.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th«
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOVELY HOME. ' :v .
To lease for a long term ' to responsible
party, 40 acres of best , land, good locality ¦ in
Santa ; Cruz County; only half a- mile from
depot; consisting of about 25 acres of best
wine grapes and balance best -fruit; apples/
"* cherries, plums, etc.:' lovely cottage, fur-
nished, also horses, ' carriage, phaeton, etc.;
also fine winery and cooperage for 30,000 gal-"
Ions. Box 3841. Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GlRE^VT^A^^A^?jiTN^rYi?EWRl[T^Ri^^
sell better machines for less money than any
' house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
ATTENTION!!
Great bargains In estates where the prop-
erty must be sold within the next 60 days.
Lots, fine homes, water fronts, etc. Call
early. E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park' St., Alameda.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
REA.L KSTATE.
Bargains In furnished and unfurnished
houses to rent. Also great bargains in houses
and lots In closing up estates. Call and see
us. HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
2326 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
$1250— SNAP; decant • -iew. modern cottage; 4
rooms; fine location: near station and school.
A. G. BURNS & CO.. 1501 Park rt.
FURNISHED houEe. S rooms and bath: large
grounds, with orchard; near station; terms
reasonable. Inquire 790 Raijroad ave., Mas-
tick station, Alameda. - ¦
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.'
BIRCH ave.. 617^—3 housekeeping rooms, $3.
Apply 642 Grove st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOLSOM, 625— Sunny suite front rooms, > light
housekeeping, $9 month.
CLIPPER, 452, Castro car— Sunny bay-window
room, kitchen and bath, $.8.
BROADWAY, 416— Housekeeping rooms to let,
FOLSOM, 810— Sunny front room and kitchen,
furn. complete; man and wife; no children.
$6000—600 ACRES adjoining Redding: close to
the northern oil fields; similar formation;
will be sold at a bargain, as cash is needed.
Box 28S6. Call office.
100 ACRES first-class land; Portola Valley; 6
miles frcm Redwood City; 65 acres under cul-
tivation; running stream; new house, 7
rooms: shrubbery, flowers, etc.; will be sold
at a sacrifice. James Mason, 425 California st.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; also single.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and - Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C' until 12 o'clock noon.
May 21. 1901, and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard. Mare
Island, CaL;* 25,000 pounds of butter and one
250-kilowatt generating set. Blank propos-
als will be furnished upon application to the
Bureau or to the Navy TPay Office, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster Gen-
eral. U. S. N. 4-19-01.
PROPOSALS for Coal— Of flee of General Su-
'perintendent Army Transport Service. San
Francisco. Cal., April 30, 1901. Sealed pro-
posals in triplicate for furnishing and deliv-
ering on board army transports at San Fran-
cisco, California. • forty thousand tons, aver-
. age Steam Coal. . or such portion thereof as
may be required, will be received at this of-
fice until 12 m.. May 31, 1901,. and then opened.
Information furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals should be in-
dorsed "Proposals for Coal," and addressed to
OSCAR F. LONG, General Superintendent.'
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies ' and Accounts. Navy Department.
"Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. May
21. 1901. and publicly ' opened . Immediately
thereafter,- to furnish at the Navy Yard, Mare
Island. Cal., the daily supply of fresh beef,
fresh vegetables, fresh bread, biscuit, ice arid
provender for the fiscal year- ending June 30.
1902.' Blank proposals will be furnished upon
application to the Bureau or to the Navy Pay
Office,' San Francisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY,
Paymaster General, ..U. S. N. 4-22-01.
PROPOSALS.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny "bay-window
suites of 2 and 3 rooms, nicely fur.; gas; bath.
N ATOM A, 701—2 sunny housekeeping rooms; no
children.
LEXINGTON ave., 376, near Twenty-first st.— '
Beautiful sunny rooms for " housekeeping;
kitchen complete; bath and wash traya..
LASKIE, 27. off Mission, bet. Eighth and Ninth
—3 eunny furnished rooms complete for house-
keeping. • - ' ¦ • "
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BOSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.^
FOR SALE— In^^sT^V^ifieyr^mlnutes'~walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms jand bath; lot 50x20fl:
well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR, 404 Sansome st. '
WRITE J. IV. HORN. Sli Maiu. Petaluma. for
frw copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
HARRISON, 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nished complete for Jiousekeeping; large
yard; rent $13.
HOWARD. 761\4— Nicely furnished bay-wlndoV
suite; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1119%, near Seventh— Sunny fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; single
rooms.
BUY in Napa County: no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy -Napa" County ViticulCUriBt." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent, 719
Market St.. by Call Lldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for oale all over this State.
REAL. ESTATE: — COUNTRY— For Sale
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 630 California.
STOP PAYING RENT.
You want a home; here Is a genuine bargain:
4 rooms, stable; lot 114x25; plank driveway;
cement sidewalk, bltuminlzed block: must be
sold: call: don't d.elay: S1150 asked: make dffer.
Owner. 415 Twenty-ninth St.; Misslon-st. cars
pass door.
streets.
$3750 — A snap; O'Farrell st., north side; 40-ft.
front: rents $40. •,-..",>
JT500— Four brand new flats; all rented, $72;
east of Van Ness ave. '
$3000— Grand ln\'estment: -100- foot front; near
Taylor st. : rents $100. ..
$10, 000— Store and 2 elegant flats; pays about
7 r>er cent net; all rented.
$12. 500— Leavenworth Bt; rents $105; lot 55-
foot front: all rented. * ' •
$7500 cash Invested and assuming a mortgag:-"-
•wlll buy 3 elegant flats paying J98- over taxes,
¦water, etc.. monthly; strictly modern.
$18,000— Howard St.. downtown: fine 4-*tory
building, with basement; rents $125.
$25,000— Greatest bargain in city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building: all rented, and
pays positively over 8 per cent net; -within a
few blocks of Chronicle.
J25.C00— McAllister st.; 50-foot front; new Im-
provements; rents $2000 a year.
$33.000— New improvements: rents $245; 60 fee*,
front: close to Sutter and Leavenworth Bts.
$36,000-Mission St.; 70 feet frontage; down-
town district. . . . ¦ ,
$40.000— Grand investment; few blocks from
Tlvoll: one tenant; rents $4000 a year.
?S5.000 — Grand corner: 60-foot front: few blocks
from Oroheum: pays 6 per cent net. '
J75,000— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tlvoli: old improvements; rents $4C0. \
Other bargains.
Airiy A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.-
$2200— A snap; rents 524; near Jones and Post
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
REAL KSTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
OAK. 119—2 sunny rooms, furnished for heavy
housekpg, yard, $12,* 1 front room, same, $9.
. The following marriage licenses, were issued
yesterday: .. :
Francis H. O'Donnell, 24, 2ll\i. Perry street,
and Agnes 3M. Healy, 22, 246 Shipley street.
George W. Merrill, 23, 2513 Bryant street, and
Katie Biggins, 20. 2003 Twenty-third street.
Cornelius C. Murphy, S6, 71!. Tennessee street,
and Anna F. Day, 28, 729V& Treat avenue.
' Arthur E. Temple, 28, 22lVi Tehama street,
and HallieiHlll, 24, . 221& Tehama' street. .
1 Daniel O'DreseoH, 38, 1 Simpson place, and
Annie Walsh, 2C. 3 Simpson place. ¦ - .
Dennis P. Murohy, 28r 13GS Folsom street,
and Hannah A. Bowen, 21, 743 Clementina- st.
Honn C. Brunkhorst, 28, 620 Van Nass ave-
nue, and Dora M, Rix, 20. 620 Van Ness ave.
- Robert E. Reid, 25, 507 Baker street, and
Grace E. Guinmer, 22. 1334 Fulton street.
James T. Irvin, 21, Tomalea, and Fannie R.
Griffin, 21, Tomales. . .. ¦• • - •
Leslie R. Hewitt, 33. Los Angeles, and Ma-
bele Y. Eastwood, 31, Newcastle.
* Edward W. Robinson, 26, city, and Elizabeth
M. Crowell, 24. city. • . '
Albert A. Millard, 21, 117 Palmer street, and
Theresa Seotje, 20, 535 Elizabeth street.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
SACRAMENTO, 1514. bet. Hyde and Larkln—
1 or 2 desirable clean nicely furnished rooms;
private residence; light ho,usekpg. if desired.
SIXTH. 541— Sunny front and back parlor for
housekeeping. $10. ¦ - ¦
POLK, 1620 — $S; 2 sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms. '
BARGAIN.
5-room cottage, bath, pantry, hot and cftld
water, stationary tubs, high basements, brick
foundation", stable and chicken-house? lot 40x
100: all fenced and cross-fenced; three minutes 1
walk to R. R. station; stores, churches and
schools; price $1250; only $100 cash, balance $15
per nionth. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin station; office west side R. R. track;
open Sundays.
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
ONE large front sunny room and kitchen fur-
nished- complete for housekeeping; rent $10
per month. Inquire at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion St., between 1st and 2nd sts. . " •
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BOEN.
MOSES— In this city. April 2S, 1901. to the wife
of D. M. Moses, a son.
Birth, marriare and death notices sent by
mail will not be inssrted. They must be. handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S SiXth-R/oms.
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $3 per wee/, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. ; 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 "a
day family hotel In city: polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
BUSH 1010— Nicely furnished room; gas and
bath.
SOW FOR A SNAP-
5-room modern cottage: stable, chicken houses,
etc.; close to station and school; 1 block to st.
cars: price $1250; only $150 cash, balance $15
monthly; bank loaned $1000 on this property.
Take Berkeley train, get oft at Lorin station;
office west side R. "R. track: open Sundays.
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
5-ROOM cottage; all modern and In No. 1 con-'
ditlon; 5 rooms, bath, pantry, stationary tubs,
high basement; fruit trees and flower garden;
windmill and tank; chicken houses, stable,
etc. ; price $1250; only $200 cash, balance $15
per month; large lot; all fenced and cross-
fenced. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
station: office west Bide R. R. track; open
Sundays. RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYOX.
EDDT. 445— Unfurnished basement,* 3 rooms;
dry and sunny; Iarse yard: reasonable. ', -. •
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
BLOTE— TRADE— In San Rafael, AdHI 15,
1S01, by the Rev. Willys HaH, Fred Blote
•and Olivet Trade, both of San Francisco.
TEMPLE— HILIi-In this city, April 29, 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, pastor
of Howard-afreet M. E. Church. Arthur Eu-
cene .Temple of San Francisco and Hallie
Hill of Ea^le, Mich.
WALMSLEY— BURGER— In this city, April 27,
1901, by the Rev. F. K. Baker, Harry T.
Walmsley and Gussle Burger, both of San
Francisco. : ' " '
MABRIED.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS. 597—3 or 4 newly furnished sunny
rooms, ranging from $7 to $15 per month: will
arrange for light housekeeping If . desired.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms, to
let. . ' - '.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains leave nuil i»r« <ln» 1«» »rrll> »»l
. WAN VI£AM«:iN4'«».
\ ' (Main Line, Foot of -Market Street)
tiAVB — From April 23, 1301. — assiti
7i SOa Benicia, Snisun, Eliaira, Vacatille,
Rumaej and Sacramento. ......... 7i33r
' 7:U(>a Dayia, Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysville, OroTllle 7:33r
7:30a Atlantic JOxpresa-Ugden and East 12:23 p
8:U«> a Martinez, Sail lUinou, Vallejo. Napa,
' . Calistoga and Sauta Roaa 0:23r
8:O«a Xivennore, Stockton, Hanford, Vif»-
: lla. rortertMe 4:25»
8:00a jS'iles, Lathrop, JlerceJ, Fresno, Ba.
ktrsfleld 4:SSt
8:30a Shaatn Express— Davis, Williams ([for
. Bartlett Springs). Willows. Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7:35*
f >3Oa Sun .lose, Li? ermore, Stockton,
lone. Haeraineiito. Placenille,
Miirjuville, Chico, U<sil lSliitt 4:23r
8:30a OakcU'.e. Chinese (Ycsemite), So-:
nora. Carters 4:23?
9:OOa Hay wards. Niles aud Way Station*. II:5Da
O:OOa Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop. .Stockton, Merced
Fresno a tul Lea Angeles 7:35 a
9:30 a Vollejn. Martinez ami Way Station* D:33p
] intiOi The Overland Limited — Ogden, Den-
ver, Oiuaha. Chicago.. 4t:-*>3F
fl:OOp Sacramento ICiver .Stetmera |»:O»a
S:30p Hsy ward*, Kiln aud Way Htatlmw. ?:33p
3:3(>i> Port Costa. Martinez Lathrop, Mer-
ced ; Bereoda (Yosemiie), 1 resso.. 7 :23t
4iOOr Beuicia. Winters, feacrauienlo.
Woodland, -Knlicuts Lauding.
JUrysville, Oioville.. 10:33a
4iOOp Martinez, San , Ramon, Vallejo.
N»[)». (!«li«t(>i<a. 8»nU Honn, 0i2.1a
4:00p Nilea, Livermore, Stockton, Lodl... 1i>;.Wa
4=a<»p Hay-wards. Wliea Man . I oae, Live rmore JS:55!
5:««p The Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton.
Freauo, BakersHeld, Hangus tor
Santa Barbara, I.o* Angeles ...... 8:5.5 \
BiOOpHaywarcU. Niles aud San Jose 7:55*
• ftt-.UOr Vallejo ll:S3i
<t:OUr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Cuicago 12.-33F
0:00p Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. Chicago. i:23p
7:00 r Oregon and California Kxpreiis.Nao-
r»me»t». MaryavltlB. Ke.l.linx,
1'oriUml. fnget .Sound ami Kast 8>33a
8i«3rSan Pablo, Port Costa, Martiaez
and Way Stations lliJVS*
-tg«03r Vallejo "itiibT
COAST LiINB CSarrow Uanxe).
i : .'-> (foot ot Mmket atreet.t
~ 17 < 19a Santa Cruz Excursion to rianta Croi
. and Principal Way Stations :S:03»
8: 13 A Netvarlc.Ceiitervi!!e,riaiiJo89,Feltoii,
BotildorCxeek.Saut&CriixaudWay
- - Stations *'3»»
fSslSr Newark. Ceuterville. 8an Jose. New
1 Alwaileu, Feltou, lioiiMer C'reok,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations fl»:3l»A
4il3r Newark. Ban Jose, Lo» Gato« { jiolso*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS raiKCISCO— r'tot «f Htrktt Xlmt (Slw 8i—
t7:15 9:00 11:0Oa.M. 1:03 3:00 6:15r.M.
rMiaQUUHD— r.ot .:aro«Ji*«T.— tH'.ua 18:00 13:03
10:BQt.u.. 12:03 2:83 1:32 r.u.
COAST MXE (Broa.1 Hau S e).
. f rhinl :uid TowMgotHl Sta.)
<i:l»A South Man VmneLwo, 'Palo Alto.... «»=:iop
16:I5a Han Jns« *ml W» r Stations Is9«»
11 :OOa Sunday Excnrrfon for Saa Jcte.
Satt* Cruz. Padnc Grore and
Principal Way liu-tion<t !8;30»
7>3Oa Coast Line Limited. t«o Josr. Gilroy.
S«lina», Paso iCAilea, San Luis
Obispo, Lompoc, Santa Barbua.
Lea Angeles S0.-53*
DiOOa Hun J<M«. Ties Tines. Santa Crux,
Pacilic 43roTe. ScJirjs. Ban Luis
Ob!s;>o ami Prineipr*. intermediate
Stiiti.ms -i:JO»>
1O::;Oa San Jcse ai>d Wsy SutioE*..... 7;3i»p
/|W:3»a New Almailen. / 5:3!)p
II:K»a Man .loss ami \V»> .S-.atious StSor
«: »3? San Mateo, lUdwool, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. iiautaCJira, 8an Jose.
Tres Pinos. SaiiU Crux, Salinas,
Monterey and Palilic Grove |K»:l5i
liMr San Jose and Way Stations G:3i»a
f4:I3r San Joseaml Princf »al Way Stations •.»:•! -V*
«3:OOpSan Jose, Los. Gatioa and Priucipal
WaySteUons...^...- •• t»:«OA
5:3Op San Joie aiid Prinjipal Way Stations 8:3OA
6:15p New Orleans Eyprefs. San Jose,
Santa Barbara. Loa Angsles,D-m-
insr. El Paso, Kbw Orleans and East 7:IOa
«:15p Del Monte, Jtonxerey, Pacific Grove,
Loapoc IO-.33P
6:.-J0pSai Jose ami Way Stations t»:O»A
«ll:-15p San Jcse and Way Stations 7:'.i0r
~ A. for Morning. j 1" f or Afternoon.
fRniKlayexceiited. J Snnday only.
% Baturday onlj, -f Tuesdays and Iridajm.
¦¦•'•¦
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd i Local
Dally. Daily. Dally. Dally;
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 3:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
'• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a _
• " Hantord 4:23 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a .......
" Bksfleld «:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41 a 7:30 a
"Chicago 2:15 p 9:0O-p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlns
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to BakersSeld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
' tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. ra. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m« dally.
3-00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7-20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopptn-*-
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
epondlng train arrives at S:40 a. m. daily
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via BaosaStt Fe rrjr— Fool of Uarket 3t.
tCAVC UN FRAN. ARHIVK «*M rMAN.
,9:30a.m.) xmrrtrc t>av<i (8:35 p.m.
8:00 A. M.I f 12:15 P. M.
9iD0 A. M. ( 1:15 p.m.
IOKJOa.M. i STTVTIAVS J S^OP. M.
11^0 A^M. f SUNDAYS i 4J0p.m.
130 p. M. . • - - , ¦ 5:50 p. m.
2^0 P. M.j - I 7:10 P. m.
Fare. Saa Trsadiee to 8«malt and Eetarn. $1.40
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sanaalito Ferry.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 JiE.iP.5Y ST. Established
in 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Din^ases. Lost Manbood. Debility or
di.seasp wearinjeon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cureswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
l'nrr« ggarantf rd. Cnllorwritat
l>r. a. *'. «IBBO>. ban Francisco, Cal. .
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
FOR rent— A beautiful house. 6 rooms and
bath: large groundE and brooder and about 50
full bearing fruit trees; this place is fenced
and _cis>ss-f£nc>"d with wire • netting: rent only
$20 per month. Take Berkeley train, get off
at Lorin station: office west side of R. R.
track; open Sundays.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
J43C0— NEW 11-room house, 2 baths; 2 blocks
to station; $500 cash, balance flat mortgage;
place will rent for $.50 per month. W. C.
MORAN & CO.
FOLSOM, ¦ 525 — Large sunny furnished suite;
front rooms; $9 menth.
GEARY, 1137— Newly furnished rooms, en suite
or single.
J350O— 8 LARGE rooms, fine mantels; rooms
can be thrown together; fine view; close to
U. C grounds; this is a pick-up; if you den't
believe it call and see for yourself; team al-
ways ready to take you. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
GOLDEN GATE. 730— Nicely furnished single
hall room. bath. $6; private: German.
JESSIE. 363, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. $4 and $5. " ¦,'
HYDE, 133 — Nicu large eunny rooms; gas, cluo-
ets and runnlne water. .
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
JESSIE, 637 — Newly furnished room in private
family; gentleman preferred. . . ' ' ¦ .
MISSION, 561, near Second — An elegant ' front
j room, suitable for two; rent $8.- V' !.'..." -;
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary — Sunny 'corner bay-
window, folding bed, Welsbach, 1, $9;^ 2, $10.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market *.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 178— Large double front" room;
large closet; niefcly furnished; bath and bal-
'cony.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
Jor: rooms, per nieht, 35c to $1 50; weekj S2 to
$8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground 'floor;
. rooms With hot and cold water; baths. "
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
TURK. 126— Sunny furnished front' room suit-
able for a gentleman, ?6 per month. ;
VAN NESS. 930
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; tourist 9. . / .., - ,;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
WALLER, 1611, near Golden Gate Park—? fr»nt
rooms. ' . ¦ - •. . ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fine E-room house; 1 block from U. C.
grounds; street jvork done; south frontage;
fine location: only $3500. MAY & MORTI-
MER. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
' $2000— House of 7 rooms and bath; street
work all done; near depot and electric cars;
rented steadily for $16 50 a month; this Is a
good buy.
$SSO— HERE Is a snap; pretty cottage of 4
rooms; lot 40x100; fenced: frujt and ehade
' trees; good well; dirt cheap.
HMO— 6-room house; large lott all fenced; half
block to electric cars; 4 blocks, to local.
' $C500 — Income property in center of town;
rents for |71 per month. ¦ .
$S500— The finest home In beautiful Berke-
ley; lot 100x130; barn and all conveniences of
a home.
Apply L. S. QUACKENBUSH, opposite
First National Bank,
$1900— NEW 7-room house on 80-foot street;
lot 00x140; half block to cars; $300 cash, bal-
ance $25 per month; stationary tubs: tiled
-eink: porcelain bath. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorin station and Schmidt block, Berkeley.
$7500— REDUCED from JS500 on account of de-
parture; 13 large rooms; 1 block from U. C.
grounds on north side of SO- foot street; lot
5Sxl34: $3000 can remain on mortgage. "W.
C. MORAN & CO.
J150— ACRE lots. W. C. MORAN & CO.
J450— WHEELER Tract lots. W. C. ' MORAN
& CO.
WASHINGTON, f.02— Unfurnished rooms for
gentlemen; no children; clean and quiet. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Flllmorest.
S275O— Cost $3:00: Eastlake 7-roomed cottage,
with high, floored basement; lot 60x140; sunny
side, with barn, fruit trees, gravel driveway,
Etone walks, chicken yards, etc.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FORCED MORTGAGE SALE.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ERIE, 69, corner Howard — Bay-window front
room; sun all day: with board; two; (38.
PINE, 1376— Elerantly furnished; first-class
table board; private family; references.
NICELY furnished "sunny room with board;
private family. 936 Valencia, cor. Liberty.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms; special
table: wine dinners. R07 California st.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. . 415
Flret st., between Harrison and Bryant.
$100 CASH, $10 monthly— 1% acres of choice
land, covered with assorted fruit orchard in
full bearing; also a running stream, with im-
mense ehade "trees: t no better soil can be had;
lovely spot and well sheltered, away from
winds and fog: near electrio cars" and fine
3-story schoolhouse; climate, superb and
charming view; price all told, 51150: adjoining
East Oakland. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh ct.. opposite Broadway Station, Oak-
land; carriage free. II. Z. JONES, owner. .
Cozy cottage and large lot; fronting on two
streets; owner out of town; chance to get a
snap. ' *
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY.
WANTED — 2 or 3 .nice furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; north side of Market,
must be cheap,, respectable place. In a nice
neighborhood. Address box 3035,' Call office.
ROOMS WANTED,
JL250 EACH — Two new 5 rooms and bath cot-
tages on West St.. nr. SSth; can be purchased
on easy payments;- lots 28X140 each; must be
eeen to be appreciated. Call or address A. J.
SNYDER. 467 8th St.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR eale or exchange— A new 13-room house
- and stable for cottage. Inquire at 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland. . •¦
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
BAD tenants elected for $4: collections made
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
41R M"!itpntp»iT.ft. rooinn 9-1V t«l. H5XA. '¦'
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the beet: safe, reliable: take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars: "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall: '¦ at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phliadal.; Pa.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
HOWARD, 959 — Nice front room for two. $7
also single room, |5; private family.
HYDE, 408— Nice sunny furnished room, suit-
able for 2, $10: also single, J6 up.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en, suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
. E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral "Thursday,
May 2, 1901, -at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street,
Mission Masonic Temple, under the auspices
of Court Occidental No. 6676, Ancient Order
' of Foresters. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. .
BOYNTON— In Oakland, April 29. 1901, Eliza-
beth Boynton, a native of New York, aged
67 years and 11 months. .
BROWN— In the City t and County Hospital,
April. 28, 1901, Andrew Brown, a native of
-Ireland, ased 29 years.
DEVITT— In this city, April 29, 1901, Edward
Devitt, beloved husband of -Annie Devitt, a
native of- New York, aged 67 years.
ENGLISH— Died April 28. 3901, John F.,' be-
loved husband of wilhelmlne English, father
of Charles F., John F., George E., Edgar
F., Ida and Alice English, and brother of
C. F..-.B.-F., M. F. and Rebecca F. English.
a native of Illinois, aged 08 years 7, months
and 5 days. - - ¦ .
(Cy Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),. at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic Temple. 86G8 j Mission street, between
Twenty-second . and Twenty-third, under ' the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and
A. M. ¦ Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers. - . - ¦ ¦"¦ ¦ ¦ • '.- ' •" ' .. ' "
FITZPATRICK— In this city, April 28, 1901,
James Fitzpatrick, a native of Scotland, aged
65 years. A member of j George H. Thomas
Pos'tNo. 2..G. A.-R. ¦" -..'-•<:
[C?"Notice.of funeral hereafter. Remains at
'the parlors of Theodor Dierks,* 9S7, Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. '^1
FLEMING— In this city, April 28. 1901," Thomas
Fleming, beloved husband of Kate Fleming,
father of Garnet and 'Perl Fleming, step-
father of Mrs. James Oats of Placerville,
Mm. Orr of Angels Camp and Miss Sadie
• Barron ' of AneelS Camp, and brother • of Jo-
seph Fleming, a , native of Jersey, aged 58
years 3 months and 28 days. (Placerville pa-
pers please copy.); , , , '¦ .
C?" Remains... at-', the .? funeral parlors --- of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason street,
between O'Farrell and Geary. Remains will
I be shipped this day (Tuesday) to Placervllle,
where funeral services will be held under, the
auspices of Franklin Lodge, I. O. O. F. - ",
GALLAGHER— In Oakland, April 27, 1901, Pat-
rick B. Gallagher, beloved husband of Cath-
'erlne Gallasher. . and , father, qf James,
Charles and Margaret Gallagher, and brother
of John Gallagher,' a native of Ireland, aged
" E9 years and 1 month. ¦ • . ' • ' "
f (C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ANSON— In this city, April 2S. 1901. Mary K.,
wife of the late Henry S. Anson, and sister
of H, C. Wheeler of Glen Cove, L. I., aged
62 years and 7 days.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the fuatral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at lQA>'clock. at the chapel of Odd Fel-
lows" Cemetery. Remains are at the parlors
of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street. ¦
ARNHEIM-In this city. Anril 29, 1901. Nettie,
beloved wife -of Abraham Arnheim, and sis-
ter of Mrs. Mattie Cheadle and. George,
Frank and Charles Merril, a native of Maine,
aged 28 years 7 months and 23 days.
BLOCK— in Berlin, Germany, Dr. Howard M.
Block, beloved son fif Maurice ajjd the late
Bertha Block, ana; brother of Gertrude E.
Block, a native of California, ased 23 years
11 months and 25 days. .
" (tb'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
• Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Pacific Lodge
No. 136, F. and A. M. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery by special train. leaving
Third and Townsend ¦ streets at 11 o'clock. <
EOUSHBY— In this city, April 29. 1901. Julius
Boushey, M. D., beloved husband of Mary A.
'Boushey, and father of Homer A. and} the
late William S.- Boushey, a native of In-
diana. . ¦ < ¦¦¦'¦'.'
Kronenberg, Barbara -Thornton. Mrs. A.
Lavoie. Regenia -\; Valencia, Misnah B.
Lawrence. Grate Wright, Mrs. Salome #
Block, Dr. Howard Meyer. John F. ¦
Boushey, Julius.M.D. Morris. Abbie " . .
Boynton. Elizabeth Mudd. W. B.
Brown, Andrew - Niblock. Naomi
Devitt. Edward ' Nugent. Catherine
English. John F. Pfaff, Frank
Fleming. Thomas Prentice, Olive T.
Fitzpatrick. James Price. .Rose A. -
Gallagher, Patrick B. Renton, Catharine
Gaesmann. Emelie • 'Schlrmer. Emile J. .
Goodman, Albert Snook, George A.
Haydock, Thomas Sturla. Joseph
Howell. Josiah • " Thompson, Elizabeth
,_„_._.:_ 4)IED.V-^--»- -
Anson, Mary E. McArron. Charles
Arnheim. Nettie McLaughlin.Nellle E.
ALL kinds bought, soM. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th;
ALL kinds bought. -sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.'
DEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
'• (Successor to . Flannagan & Gallagher.)'
iV-i- DANIEL. P.- DONOVAN,- Mgr.
FUNEB.AL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. :
¦ ¦(. . ¦¦'. Telephone South SO. .;\ —'.:••
HENRY. J. GALLAGHER CO.
BOUGHT, eold, ' rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rate«. 145 6th: nhone Mint 5.
125—12 ROOMS; suitable* for rooming-house;
right In town, main street.
$0—4 rooms; bath;, Rood location; sunny.
$17 60— 7-room upper flat, with 6 bay win-
dows; new and sunny. , .
<20— 9 rooms; near train; good condition;
suitable for 2 families.
$15— Cottage, 5 rooms; all modern; near St.
Mary's College.
J22 BO— 6 rooms; upper flat; all modern; new;
In towfl.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
UNITED, UNDERTAKERS,
--;¦¦: 27 and 29 Fifthst.; Tel: South 167.
I UNEKAL DIRECTORS AND SMBALMER1
Finest Equipment ¦ at ' Moderate Rates.* -'-
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
lei.' Main 1840; . shipping at cut rates." .. y \
STORAGE! AND WAREHOUSES. ,
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office, Post and Powull sts. :, tel. Main 67JI.: .-,
¦ OAKLAND ROOMS. _ ":
NAVAL Officer and wife desire two unfur-
nished rooms and bath, with board, in private
' family at Oakland or Alameda. Box 3002. Call
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture .Moving Com-
pany," 2320 Flllmore at.; , phone f Jackson 2S1. \
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
' dence. 1328. Myrtle street, thence to St. Fran-
cis de Sales Church; "where a requiem mass
*wlllr be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
, commencing at 9- o'clock. .Interment St.
.-Mary's Cemetery.. Oakland.' .
GASSMANN— In this city, April 28, 1901, Eme-
r-lle Gassmann, beloved wife of-the late Jean
. B. Gassmann, loving mother of Eugene Gass-
mann, Mrs. >Cecile Camozzl - and Mrs. Alice
' Doassans,' and mother-in-law of Mrs. Celine
Gassmann, Mr. Joseph Camozzl and Mr. Jean
Doassans, a native of France,' aged 60 years
2 months and 13 days. ¦ ' •
> (C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited "to attend the funeral "to-morrow
(Wednesday), at. 1:30 o'clock, from her = late
residence, 406 Unfon street, thence to French
" Church of - Notre Dame des Victoires. ' Bush
street, for services. - Interment Mount Cal-
¦ vary. Cemetery,, . : -.'_. .. :
GOODMAN— In this city, April 29, 1901. Albert.
beldved son of Rachel and the late Simon
¦i Goodman, 'and beloved brother of Mrs. Henry
Saroni, -Mrs." Leon Lewin and Theodore and
Rose . Goodman, . a native -of San Francisco,
, aged 33 years an* 10 months.-
OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
¦ to-morrow, (Wednesday), at .10:15 o'clock, at
the family residence. 1368- Geary - street. In-
terment private, In Hills of Eternity Ceme-
. tery.- • •• .¦.-¦...-' I
HAYDOCK - In this city. April 28, 1901,
Thomas Haydock, ' beloved ' husband of the
late Jane Haydock: and uncle of Mrs.
Thomas Quirk, a native -of • Liverpool, Eng-
land, aged 58 'years 6 months and 3 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances and members
of San Francisco Ship Caulkers' Association
. are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrows (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from
the parlors of Craig & Cochran Company, 52
Mint avenue. Interment I^aurel Hill Ceme-
tery. By order of the secretary.
. . GEORGE B. McCLELAN. President.;
'. :' ¦ S;M. .TAYI-OR, Secretary. ¦- -.•¦<-
HO WELlJ- In this city, April 29. 1901, Josiah,
• beloved husband of Addie Howell, and father
of Josiah R. Howell and Mrs. L. L. Janes,
j a native of England, aged 71 years 8 months
and 7 days. (Sacramento papers pleass copy.)
{E^The funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1S14 Washington street. Inter-
ment private, Please omit flowers.
KRONENBERG-In - this city. April 23. 1901.
Barbara .Kronenbers-, beloved • wife of Fred-
erick Kronenbere, beloved mother of Au-
gusta, Frederick, Herman and.Mollie. Kron-
enberg and Mrs. L. A. Hufschmidt. and sls-
¦' ter of Markus, Peter and Michael Sshwab. a
native of Baden. Germany, aged 54 years 1
month and 12 days. * . ' . _ ¦_ .
LAVOIE— In - this city, April 25V 1901. Regenia
Agnes Lavoie, dearly beloved daughter of
John A. and Jennje Lavoie, aged 1 year 5
months and 28 days.
LAWRENCE— In this city, April 28, 1901,
Grace, beloved wife of ., D. M. Lawrence,
mother of Dudley, Warren and Reye Law-
rence, daughter of Mr; and Mrs. J. J. Mc-
lntire. and sister of Mrs. W. A. Meddern
and. Edna and Ruth- Mclntire. a native of
' Wellsvllle, .Mo., aged 33 years 9 months and
24 days. • ' • •
' ETKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, ; from Mission Ma-
sonic Temple, under the auspices of Mission
Chapter No. 155, O. E- S. j Interment Masonic
Cemetery. ¦- ¦¦
McARRON — In this city, . April 29, 1901,
Charles, dearly beloved husband . of Cathar-
ine E. McArron, and father of Ella,
Florence, .Drummond, Norma, ' Stephanie
- Emmadeane McArron. Mrs. Anna Mooney
and Mrs. Lilly Mooney of, Napa, County, aged
66 years 1 nionth and 29 days.
Mclaughlin- in this city. April 2$, 1901.
Nellin E., beloved daughter of Bridget and
the late Neal MCLaughlin. and sister of
Thomas J. and Neal I. McLaughlin and the
late Mrs. W. Pinto, a native of San Fran-
cisco. A member of Young Ladies' Institute
No. 1.
E?Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 8:80
o'clock, from the residence of her mother,
437 Jessie street, between Fifth , and Sixth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
. for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE No. 1.— Officers
and members: You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late sister. Nellie
E. McLaughlln, this day (Tuesday), at 8:15
o'clock, from the residence of her mother,
437 Jersie street. Members of sister branches
are invited to be present. By order of , ,
ANNIE E. NYHAN, President.
MAMIE GORMAN. Rec: Sec. . ' •
MEYER— In this city. April .28. 1901. John F.
Meyer, a native of Germany, aged 74 years.
MORRIS— In , this city. April 23, 1901, Abbie
¦ Morris, beloved mother of Mrs. Lizzie Lowe
and Peter. Nat and Walter Morris, and
grandmother of Mrs. A. Tingle and Mrs. H.
Foster, a native of New York, aged 7« years
2 months and s days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from ZIon A. M.
E-* Church, Stockton street, near Clay. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MUDD— In this city. April 28. 1901. W. B.
Mudd. a native of Springfield, aged 54 years.
ICFRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
•. & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. - . . , ¦
- NIBLOCK— In "this city, April 29, 1901. Naomi,
" beloved wife of J. J. Niblock, daughter of
Mary Giaham, and sister of Mis. Edna
Houston. Mrs. Irene Dillard and Delas Ru-
• i*>rt. a native of Louisiana, aged 25 years 5
months and 29 days.
NUGENT— In this city, April 28, 1901. Cather-
ine, beloved wife of James Nugent, and
mother of John and Peter Nugent, a native
of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 51 years
10 months and 22 days. ¦ .
(CJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ill6 Tennessee street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
fouI. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crcifs Cemetery.
PFAFF— In this city, Frank Pfaff, a native of
San Francisco, aced 37 years 9 months 'and
20 days.
ICy Funeral and Interment private. Re-
mains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1137 Mission street, .between Seventh and
Ei£hth. . • ' . ; -
PRENTICE— In this city. April 29. 1901, Olive
• T. • Prentice, a native of New York, aged 81
years.
PRICE— In this city, April 29, 1901. Rose Ann,
beloved wife of the late Thomas Price,
mother of James Price, and grandmother 6f
Rose, James, George and Lester Price, a na-
tive. Of County- Longford, Ireland, aged 60
years. . . *
(ETFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from hei Jate
. residence, 341 ChapulteDec street, Bernal
Heights, thence to St. John's Church, form-
- erly Old St. Mary's College, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. - .. . ' . •
RENTON— In Oakland, April 29, 1901, Cathar-
ine Renton, mother of Mrs. E. R. Bromley,
I Mrs. E. Estey.and Mrs. G. W. Fraser, a na-
tive of Pictou, Nova Scotia, aged 74 . year*
. and 9 months. - , r ,
" (r^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the home
of Mrs. G. W. Fraser. 1017 Sixty-third street,
Oakland. Interment private.
SCHIRMER— At Bellevue Vineyard, Sebasto-
poi, Sonoma: County, Emlle Jean Baptlste,
dearly- beloved husband of Henrlette Schlr-
mer (nee Hoffstetter). and beloved brother of
Mrs E. Moll of Sebastonol. a native of
Rouftach. Alsace, aged 36 years.
(HTFunerai to-m6rrow (Wednesday), at 11
o'clock, from St. Sebastian's Church, Sebas-
¦ topol. -
SNOOK— The funeral services of the late
George Anstey Snook took place Sunday
morning, April 28. .1901. ,- - .
STURLA— in this city, April 28, 1901, Joseph,
dearly beloved son of Mrs. Anastasia Po-
: desta, and brother of 'Louis, John and Pal-
mela Sturla and Clotilda Podesta, a native
of San Francisco, aged 27 years 11 months
and 18 days. (Stockton, Cal., papers please
C °ir7 : The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 1212 Utah street, near Twen-
ty-third, thence to San Mateo Cemetery.
THOMPSON— At her residence. 516 Eddy street.
In this. city, April 28, 1901, > Ellzabath Owens
Thompson, btjloved wife of Ira D. Thompson,
and grandmother of Henry C, Oscar N. and
• Arthur D. . Owens, and aunt of Mrs. John
Edwards, a native of New Jersey, aged 81
' years 9 months and 6 days.
cryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock." from her late resi-
dence, 516 Eddy street, between 'Larlrtn and
'Hyde.' 'Interment Masonic Cemetery.
THORNTON— In 'this city, April 29, 1901, Mrs.
' At Thornton," a native of New York City,
aged 51 years 8 months and 10 days, v • .
(C7" Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
~~~ RAILWAY TBAVEL. _ /
'/" LIE'S S ">""
THREE DAYS
San Francisco .' At 10 Ai, Ml:
. ; Chicago, Union Pacific'
\& -Nortk* Western Line
T~.\ OUTiLE Dravmg-T^oom' Sleeping
I' J Curs, Buffet, Smoking and Library
/~S Cars, with barb/r.' Dining Cars~
meals a la cart*. "Daily ¦ Car
Service and : Personally . Conducted \ Ex- '
. cursions : *vtry xeiei 'from , San Francisco)
at 6 p.m. Th* best of ever 'vt fling.
- ',.¦;.- ' '¦"- ' ' it. : ; J?.'.- KITCHMB •;' "¦ ; ' .
6 17- Market St. : ' General Agent Pacl/le Cbast .
¦ Palace Bo'td BAN FRANCIiCQ
JAMBS MCGINN, I
Formerly >.. with McGinnn : Bros , •; has opened I
new a Funeral Parlors ' at 214 : Eddy - St., bet. I
Taylor and Jones. » Telephone South' 576. :-. |
GOLDEN WEST Storage .Warehouse, 840 : Mis-
sion st.; tel. • Mint ISn. F. -W. ZEHFUSS. '.
LOVELY furnished rooms, with excellent board
In private ' family, for adults. 514 22d st.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOAKIJ.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
b PIANO snaps— $60. S75. $S0. 112$, $130; easy
payments; also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
jraln. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX. IS O'Farrell
st., Chlckering agency. . ;\'.'."LV-.i
HAZELTOIf pianos; none better: special sale
this week of this and ether high-grade
pianos; also bargains In eeeond-hand up-
rights. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
A— 5400; tTPRIGHT grand, .new, for almost
half. :i6 McAllister Et. . - ¦' ¦ /
VOU can obtain a fine upright piano at a low
figure. T. B. KILGO. S46 Mission st.
PIANO, fir.e Steck, $50; must be eold at once.
79 South Park.
$3 PER month rents a beautirul piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIAICO CO., 060 Hayes st.
HIT-MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Oeary St.. room SS. .
A SMALL ChlckerinK upright. J123; 6 uprights.
second-handed; your choice at J110. 217 Geary.
GENTLEMAN" going East must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedal upright piano. 618 Eddy st.
J4S UPRIGHT. J1I5 Knabe. *135 Steinway &
Sors, at FAY'S piano ..factory, 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market st., you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
FPECIAL sale or pianos this week: Fteinway,
Kcabe and others. BRUENN, 2CS Post st.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hartman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., SKPost.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, neit Hibernia Bank.
AT KEEFFE'S. 833 Market »=t.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your «vn price. Shonirjger agency.
SUPERIOR riollns. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
CHOICE offices; suites; suitable for physician,
attorney or dentist; $22 50; also desk room.
017 Market St.. room 2. ¦
LIGHT, sunny offices S15 to t:0. Emma Spreck-
els building. 927 Ma:ket st.
OIL.
WHT rto we eell so much of our 5-eent oil
*teck? Because it is reliable and offers extra-
erdiTiBry chances for quick and sure profit; ;
*er.d for prospectus or. better stilL see us;
cpen eveninpF. PACIFIC STATES MINING
• nd INVESTMENT CO.. 216 Post St.; estab-
lished 1S83.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.-Oil lands in the
best districts: investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.: a good investment: water trans- \
portation. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland, j
OIL tanks, second-hand, tn good order: all j
size*; cheap- H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OIL LAM)8. _^ !
6lL~Jandi« for^sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
host localities. If you are looking for lands
or \ri5h to invest in stocks of the leading oil
-rrnpanies call on us before going elsewhere. ;
SKEA & PETERSOX. 301 Examiner building. ;
To CX> ACRES cil land in various counties for
leas* and sale. ROBINSON, 56 Geary st.. r. 6.
PAINTERS ATWIi IlKCOItATORS.
WALL paper, v.indow shades: rooms papered,
$S ud. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; onen even.
PAL3IISTRY.
H JEROME FOS5-ELL.I. scientific palmist, 515 '
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charce unless successful.
GEO- P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
rEUSONALS^
VOTir"E~ is hereby given that my wife, DOK- j
OTHY BOWMAN MOOERS, and myself are
no lonertr living together as man and wife;
that she has no claims upon me for support
«nd I ehall not be responsible for any debts
contracted by her of any character whatso-
ever. E. L. MOOERS.
Phoenix. Arizona. April 20. 1901. '
NOTICE— After this date I will not be respon-
sfble for any debts cjntracted by my wife.
MRS. MARY L. THOMAS. THOS. J.
THOMAS. -
YOUNG man of broad legal, commercial and
literary «duca.tion desires to meet lady of
refined and amiable disposition; object, mat-
rimony. Box 2037. Cell office.
A NEW ar.d harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which win turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red. and bionde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. -DR. FRANCIS ~C-
MAN. 406 Sutter tt.
THE Microbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary St.. where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff: Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair; call and see
tia. Microbane Medical Co.. 411 Geary Et
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary sC. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; can or send for circular.
AFFLICTED, come! We will locate your dis-
ease free without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feelinr pujse; tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless Instru-
ments; this is not a faith cure, but scienti-
flc treatment. Xervo Pathic Co.. 327 Larkln.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
hcme;_J5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, sll drug habits. MRS:.
WILLIAMS. 1S29 Polk St., San Francisco.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. US up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. U3 up. LEON LEMOS. Ill"
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
c:.e to tl CO i#r night; Jl 50 to *6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE ennm<»l iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. t2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V. I
DOTLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness. .
A WOMAN with wrinkles removed from one
side face: alsn freckled girl; seeing is believ-
ing. Call N. Y. lnst. Dermatology. 103 Ellis. ;
PARISIAN detective catches the person in
very act; free demonstration. Box 3036. Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10 j
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 357 Jessie st.
I>r. Harriett Welch, 2315 Bush; hours 2 to 2, ex-.
cept Th. and Sat.: electrolysis: 17 years' exper.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st., nr. Sixth.
OLD paid sliver, diamonds and precious etones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. £17 Market st.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
ftOid. J. Silverman. 984 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER. £0 Montg"y— Watches cleaned
stid" repaired.no matter what's broken. Jl;guar.
ALFKEDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 723 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st
DR.. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
<*orn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PICMC SUPPLIES.
17 CASES imported porter. $10 CO per case; per
dozen, tl 75; tMX) gallons very old cherry and
port, wine, vintage 'SS. Jl per gallon; 2C00 gal-
lons old Riesling, per gallon 00c: per case.
t2 23; old McBrayer whisky, 3 bottles for $2.
. FERDINAND HOLTL'M. Johannisberg Wine
Vaults. 117 California st.
ON your way to picnic or ferry oall on MOHNS
«c MOHNS. 29 Market St.. for finest wines and
liquor*: biggest house: open Sundays.
viles ' .¦ r . n -,, r , r -. r .-Z7-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
y*ers; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men cent as reference; no chloroform.
*urgery or delay from business, ; and no
salves for ealc. Particulars, address Physl-
rtan. box 1951. Call -of floe. S. P.. Cal.
I'HYSICIAXS AXU SIJKGEO.XS.
Kit. C. C.~O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1C21 Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of. the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
ItiCAI. KSTATIi CIT> KOH SALB.
EXECUTRIX AUCTION.
We have been Instructed by th? widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
ten-room houco and lot. stable and outhouse*.
1SS Laidley it., cor. Fairmont «t; lot 176x110.
Cottace of 4 rooms, 140 Laidley ct. ; Jot lOOx
U0.
One Jot. Wrl21. on Palmer st., near Fairmont.
One lot. 100x100, on Laidley ct., near Mateo
ttreet. . - .
Eale Tuesday. April SO. et 10:30 a. m., on the
I-Toperty,
Th« above property moit be sold regardless
rt cost or value. This Is a grand chance to
buy good property at your own price.
¦ Eecd for descriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUNBO & CO., Anctloneert,
Office 540 Stockton St.. S. F. ; tel. James 1S4L
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole at. ; open dally.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable |
pl&as furnished. Salisbury, builder, 1323 Market.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SUMMER RESORTS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND STORES JO [ LET.
LADY having own modern cottage would take
2 or 3 summer boarders; pleasant, quiet place
for invalid " or old lady. MRS. H. JONES/
Menlo ,Pa:k. " . . " . ..
COMPLETE camping outfit at Larkspur for
- sale, with choicest location of ground. For
. terms, . etc'.,- address box 4088. Call office.
DENTISTS and physicians, attention— Com-
modious offices *to let; best location: electric
elevator sen-Ice. Abrahamson building, cor.
Thirteenths and "Washington sts.. Oakland.
I The I inestisc<enefy I
W$M X on don>t go ea3t EVERY da y- 1111 % M
WjMM When you do go, go comfortably ft
Kl^lj —via Dfenver and the Burlington 5j&T 9
pllll The time is ALMOST as fast as %^ g
WMsi the fastest and the service and seen- '&f S\\ &&$k
j||||| ery are better than the best. j; J(Z^\yFzl&
||!83tfca Thro' standard sleepers, San Francisco to CHca£9 =3 ugi jgj~ Jfe^lrg
I — , I and Thursdays— Omaha. Chicago, Kansas j V^^k w3 SUlll
1 liffl^ City, St. Louis-EVERYWHERE east. [tiKi ftt
ere* 1 1 BShnwyr Tickets and berths at 631 Market St. \ % Jfe! ±£i Sg
H^\H • igjnteg^li W. D. SANBORN. General A~e-t- r jg**^ Fj ||g »
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
VALENCIA— Entered Into rest, April 29. 1901,
¦ Mispah Beatrice, beloved daughter of Henry
L. and Ella T. Valencia, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 months and 13 days.
WRIGHT— In this city, April 29. 1901. Mrs.
Salome L. Wright, beloved wife ot Newton
Wright, mother of Edward H. Herringer,
and Mrs. F. E. Daverkosen, and sister of
William Waltz, ¦ a native of Philadelphia,
aged 51 years 4 months and 6 days.
• [L5*Funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from her la.te residence. 16S Tenth
street. Interment .private. . , ' _
HALLWAY TRAVEL.
¥ Just a little better > S
1 than anir other train R
1 —a little better service— gj
I s more homelike a ,
1| feeling on the' . j|
I than you find elsewhere, I
and it runs like this * 1
LEAVES SAM FRANCISCO |
19 an Mon Tues Wfid Thur Fri Sat Sun |
ARRIVES CHICAGO 1
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tuss Wed S
75 : HOURS TO CHICAGO i
ON THE i
CALIFORNIA HORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburorv Ferry. Foot of Market St
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:33,
3:30. .5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m, Saturdays — Sxtra trips at 1:50
and 11:20 j>. m. ¦ *••
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. -
San Rufnel t« Sam Francisca.
WEEK DAYS— 0:10. 7:30, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 1?:«.
3:40. 5:15 p. m/ Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:33 p. ra. . _v
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, llilO a. m.: .1:40, SMO,
f.:05. 6:25 p. m. — . '
Between San Francisco and SchueUen Park
same- schedule as above. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1801.1 San Francisco-
Week I Sun- I . I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ .Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am! S:CO am Novato. I 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm|10:2o am
5:10 pml 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton. '
7:20 am ' Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm H*aldsburgr, 10:40 am
Lytton. -
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm S:0O ftm Cloverdale. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:36 am| 5:flO pm! Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pni( 8:00 ami and Ultlah. | 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
7-30 am! I ' • 10:40 am 10:25 am
| S:00 amf Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 amj 8:C0 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
, I - j ¦ and I -I
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 am} 8:00 ami . - * (10:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pml 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdal'j
for the Geyaers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknells,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr"s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port Usal, ¦ WlllltB. ¦ Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka- . ...
t Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . -•
On Sunday round t»lp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 650 Market. Street, Chronlcla
Building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
. Gen. Manager. • Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing. April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
- AND SAN RAFAEL. •""^-'*'*
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, »9:30. U:0O a, m.
12-45, *l:45, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley "and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 3:30 and 11:40 i>. m .
SUNDAYS-7:00, 8:00. •9:00. 'lO^. 11:00, 11:30
am:. 12:45. *l:30, 2:30, *3:45, 5:00, 6:00, 7:30 p. in
11:00 a.m. does not run to. San Rafael Sun-
. marked (•) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN .FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27, 7:47, 8:35. 10:15
a. m..-*12:25. 1:15. 2:Sq7 '3:35, 4:40, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS oiTNMondays, Wednesdays
and/Saturdays at 6:4o and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. •SjOO. 9:45. ¦•11:00 a. m.. »12
m.,. 1:00. -,2:15, •3:30. 4:30, *5:45, 6:45. 7:30, 10:10
P 'Trains marked (•) starV from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK- DAYS-5:45, ,6:45. 7:55. -. 8:55.- 10:30
a.m., 12:35. l:4o,2:4o. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS pn Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m., 12:15.
i-20 2:30, 3:45, 5:00. 6:15, 7:13, 10:30 p. m. •
1..-U. -.*;. TH ROUGH TRAINS. *~ - :K.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and, w»y sta-
tions. " . ' - ' ¦" ' '¦ ¦¦¦".•¦'
•3:15 p. to. Saturdays— Cazadero and way- sta-
tions. ' : , ¦ .':'.
•5;15 p. .m. week days (Saturdays ' excepted) —
Tomales and i way stations. .
" 8 a. : m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
: i 10:00 a.'- m: Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations SSgSifiiiSgSESUIT BY. BOOK PUBLISHERS.— Georee
Earrie & Co. of Philadelphia filed a suit yes
t*rdty in th# United States Circuit Court
etralnst Harriet Pullman Cardan and Francis
Csrclan to recover $10,690 alleged to be due
on a contract for the delivery of books.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Percy Fowler from Ellen Fowler
for cruelty: Lillian M. Kinnon against
Archibald D. Kinnon for cruelty; Carrie
Champion against Thomas E. Champion
for willful neglect, and Marie L. Douglass
from Thomas H. Douglass for desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Laura
Cora Belle Patterson against Frank Pat
terson for failure to provide; Mary
Cooney against James Cooney for cruelty,
and J. P. E. Heintz against Mary Helntz
for cruelty.
A Successful Entertainment.
The vaudeville entertainment given at
the Hearst Grammar School yesterday af
ternoon for the benefit cf the Teachers'
Annuity and Retirement Association fund
was a great success. ; The programme,
which was cleverly rendered, was as fol
lows: -•. r. ¦¦"j"
Instrumental solo. Little Lucille; recitation,
Dora Stelling; song:. Carrie Harris: The Dutch
ies. W. Stern and Charles Rugjrles; violin solo.
Carrie Bright: J\g, Diebert Brothers; eon? and
dance, Percy Field; recitation, Henry Levick;
song and chorus— Will Stern. Harry ' Maurer,
Charles Ruggles, Percy Field: fancy dance,
Vera Litz: sketch. Walter Baehr and J. Sam
uels; eon?. David Wolfe; coon dance. Edw.
Litz: recitation, William Stern; dance, Irene
Sullivan; recitation, Mi?s D. A, Doud: violin
solo. Miss E. Cadwalder; graphophone selec
tions. -
WHOLESALE MERCHANT
DIES AT LIVERMORE
Passing of John F. English, Who
Carried on Business Forty Years
in San Francisco.
John F. English, an old- time San Fran
risco merchant, died at Livermore Sun
day evening at the age of 5S years. Forty
Z.<?arE ago he came to California .on a
mailing vessel, serving as foremast hand.
He landed in San Francisco with only a
lew dollars in his pocket, but there was
then need for men of his stirring disposi
tion and it was not long before he began
to lay the foundation for his future pros
perity. First he peddled potatoes and ac
cumulated some money. Then he set up
a store at 305 Davis street. From that
time on he was engaged in business in
iho wholesale section of the city, moving
first to 315 Davis street, and later to
Drumni and Washington and Clay and
Davis. He invested in real estate and
made several turns, which gave him "a
(toe profit. He made so many successful
«>als in potatoes that he was known for
?«• Tie years as "the potato king "
Mr. English was interested in politic
r>nd was a loyal member of the Repub
lican party for many years. He was fond
->f pood horses and owned several which
he delighted to drive through the park
For pome time he has been ill Upon
Ihe advice of physicians he was taken
to a sanitarium at Livermore some
months ago. Besides a widow, six ihil
cren survive the deceased— Dr. C F J
F. Jr.. George E. and Edward F Eng
lish, and two daughters, who are attend
ing school. Mr. English was a Free
Mason, being a member of Mission Lodge'
He was also a charter member of the
San Francisco Produce Exchange. He
was a native of Quincy, 111.
ENGINEER HERLIHY
TELLS HIS STORY
Hearing of His Appeal Is Begun by
the Supervising Inspector,
¦ Captain Bermingham.-. ..•
The appeal of "P. H. Herlihy from the
judgment of the United States Inspectors
of Local and Foreign Steam Vessels, re
voking his license as chief engineer, was
begun before Supervising Inspector Cap
tain John Bermingham yesterday. Herli
hy's license was revoked on the sround
that he was" not attending to his duties
as chief engineer at the time of the wreck
of the Rio de Janeiro. . ,
Several witnesses, were examined, but
their evidence was merely a repetition of
that given by them on the occasion of the
official investigation of the wreck.
The investigation will be resumed at
10:30 this morning.
LI AH YIN MAKES
VARYING STATEMENTS
Says Her Father Lived m. the East
and Here at the Same
Time.
Samuel M. Shortridge appeared before
Commissioner Heacock yesterday to re-
Enforce Louis P. Boardman in the de
fense of Li Ah Tin, one of the Chinese fe
male slaves captured in a den in Sullivan
alley. - . . . . ¦
The woman testified that she was born
at 741 Jackson street In this city 23 years
ago. and was taken to China bv her
mother wh'en four years old. She returned
to this citv on the Rio de Janeiro in
March, 1S97, and was landed by Collector
Jackson as a native born American. Her
father met her on the boat and took her
to 741 Jackson street, where she remained
until his death. She afterward became
an inmate of Sullivan alley.
Her father, she said, was in the business
of general merchandise east of the Rock
ies and never had any interest in the
drug business here. In fact he. seldom
came to this city and died in the East.
The record of the Chinese Bureau con
taining the transcript of her statement
to the bureau on the Rio in 1897 was
placed In evidence. It showed that .she
then stated that her father conducted the
drug store at 741 Jackson street. This is a
material discrepancy.
DEATH ENDS THE CAREEB.
OF PROMINENT PHYSICIAN
Di. Julius Boushey, Eminent Doctor,
Passss Away at His Residence
on Mission Street.
After a severe illness, lasting for some
¦weeks. Dr. Julius Boushey of this city
passed away yesterday shortly after noon
at his residence. 1303 Mission street.
Death was directly due to pleurisy and
heart failure. !
Deceased during his lifetime was a
prominent member of the local medical
fraternity, . having been one of the first
to undertake the practice of medicine in
San Francisco. He was a native of La
Porte. Ind.. but finished his education
taking the degree of D., at the Univer
sity of Ohio in 1S73. Two years later he
came to California and here it is his
life has since been spent. At the time of
the Civil -War Dr. Boushey cast his lot
with the Second Kentucky Volunteers in
the Confederate service.
Deceased was a member of the Masonic
fraternity, in the thirty-third degree. He
was also a Knight of Honor and a mem
ber of Court Occidental, A. O. F. Of late
years he has been associated with Dr.
"Woolsey of the Southern Pacific Hospital
in Oakland. He leaves surviving him his
widow and their son. Homer A. Boushey
of the Examiner staff. An older son, "Wil
liam Boushey. died a year ago in the Phil
ippine Islands, where he went originally
as one of the First California Volunteers.
Funeral sen-ices will be held Thursday
afternoon from the Church of the Advent
on Eleventh street. Father Parrish offici
ating. Interment will be in Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
May 10 A the Date Designated
for Taking Hold in
New Field.
John I. Sabin, "who "was recently elected
president of the Chicago Telephone Com
pany, leaves San Francisco next Tues
day to begin active work In his new field
of employment. He takes hold of affairs
in Chicago on May 10. He was asked last
r.ight if he would take from San Fran
cisco skilled assistants to help him carry
out his plans in the East and replied that
It v.as his intention to take five or sis well
known men from this city to Chicago. He
mentioned Chief Engineer A- J. Steiss,
Electrician F. "W. Alston, Auditor John A.
Mallon and Chief of the Canvassers C. E.
Nestor. District Manager Bush of Spo
kar.e has also been invited to join Mr.
Sabin in Chicago.
C E. Nestor's special line Is the intro
duction of telephones to household ser
vice. He knows the business thoroughly,
having been connected with Edison s
laboratory in New York. He came to San
rrar.cisco to introduce the phonograph
and in the course of events accepted a
pj^tco in the telephone company. He is
clapped as a hish-grade man.
Auditor Mallon is also spoken of as a
man of superior attainments in his par
ticular line. He went to Chicago some
time ago and gave the managers there
quite a surprise when he presented his
simple system of transacting business.
A. J. Steiss and F. W. Alston are men
who possess the highest order of ability.
Mr. Sabin apprehends that the places
made vacant by the transfer of these men
to Chicago can be filled by promotions
from the line of trained and expert men
employed by the Pacific States Company.
In his new field cf duty President Sabin
will be called upon to minister to the
"helio" wants of thirteen million people.
The population of the Pacific Coast terri
tory does not exceed three million, hence
there is a big increase to consider.
They "Will Accompany
Him to Chicago to Do
Special "Work.
SABIN SELECTS
FIVE EXPERTS
Unrequited love seems to be the only
reason for the suicide of Fred Carl Hath
away, the 16-year-old lad, who ended his
life on , Saturday evening by inhaling
Illuminating gas in a lodging-house at 737
Market street.
The body x>f Hathaway was removed
from the Morgue yesterday and will be
shipped to his parents at Ophir to-day.
Hathaway came to San Francisco from
his home at Ophir. Placer County, one
month ago, and as he was a good pianist,
sought congenial employment in Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s music store.
Investigation yesterday showed that
Hathaway was a steady lad and attended
strictly to business. He lived with his
brother at 937 Post street and spent his
evenings at home. If he had any cause
to worry he kept the fact to himself.
Neither his brother nor the. employes of
the music store where he worked- ever,
heard him make complaint..
The fragments of the torn letters found
in the room where Hathaway committed
suicide furnish the only clew to the motive
for self-destruction. The young man re
ceived a letter on Saturday from New
castle, Placer County, and the torn frag
ments show that it was wi-itten by "Emily
Sirvain." the writer referring many times
to "Jim." and giving her address as "Post
office box C6.".
Hathaway' s brother said yesterday that
he did not know any one by the name of
"Emily Sirvain." but that a family of, that
name "resided at Xewcastle. which is two
miles from Ophir. Placer County, where
Hathaway's mother and his stepfather re
side.
It is thought by the police and the Cor
oner's deputies that young Hathaway had
received a letter informing him that the
writer had transferred her affections to
another and that In a despondent mood he
killed himself. .
Unrequited Love Evi
dently Drove Hath
away to. Suicide.
? ; ¦
Further Investigation Does
Not Throw Any Light
on the Subject.
TORN LETTERS
THE ONLY CLEW
April Showers Interfere With: Yearly Evolutions at Berkeley,; AVhicfi
Are Hurriedly Performed; the Sham^ Battle v ;GKving to the
Muddy Condition v of the Campus -Grounds^ "Being Omitted
RAIN SPOILS UNIVERSITY CADETS'
ANNUAL EXHIBITION DRESS PARADE
SUDDEN DKATH OF/MRS/: NETTIE "ARN-'
HEIM.— Mrs. -Nettle' Arnhetm "« died v . suddenly
yesterday " at '. her ". homo, : 3027 '. California ; street.
She was 'the wife: of, A, R; 'Arnhelm,' a sales
man ' for hhe i Calif ornia. Toy ; Company. ¦ He . Is
now traveltne*. In .the: Interior, v. Mrs.' Arnhelm's
mother died s two: months >aso. v : . ': '..•-.' ?¦'-•¦ *
RACEHORSE "WAS INJURED,t-Johii f F.
Schorr -filed suit ; yesterday . ajr^lnst Wells.
Fargo : & ¦ Co.' and the Southern Pacific ¦ Com
pany • to v. recover $21,300 damaaes alleged to
have. been sustained by him through Injury to
his .horse F. 7W. >; Brodo while enj' route to this
1 city, from Omaha. , Schorr alle?e6 thati through
injuries -thus 'sustained .by. the /horse; he .waa
deprived ; of i the earnings , of. the horse ; for " an
entire season: ; Hence the suit/.. ¦ ,
Molested by Hoodlums.
Eva Ryan, a pretty girl living at 5 Hen
derson' avenue, . secured ' a warrant from'
Judge." Mogan' yesterday, for the r.rrest
of "John Doe" on a , charge of battery."
She said she has been for. weeks, annoyed
by; a' gang of. hoodlums who insulted; her
.when she passed- the- corner , ; of . Fourth
and . Tehama streets and Saturday nitwit
one of them persistently followed : ; her.
When she begged him. to go away.ishe al
leges, he struck her on" the face with : his
fist.-. ¦ ' ~ /.'; ' ,-¦ ¦ :;;•.¦-¦: ¦ ' • ¦?':¦,• ¦•¦•-•' !¦'¦*'.•;•¦
Civil Service,: Examinations.
The" Civil Service 1 Commissioners held a
meeting last night and arranged for hold
ing- 'examinations for the following posi
tions: . Superintendent of pavers.'Tuesday,
May 21; superintendent -'of- sewers.': Thurs
day, .May ; 23, and field deputies." Monday,
May/27.. The examinations will be; com-,
menced at- 1 o'clock ' in ' the afternoons and
will 'be continued 'for five hours. ';¦.- • >
THE LIMITED IS
TO: COME OFF
Other Coast.Line Changes' Sooki to Be
Made.
iJ vb >i Btat ? d v in general.; office* of
Southern ¦ Pacific yesterday that > the
Coast. Line . which ' has been ' the
fast^ daylight between San Francisco and
Los ..Angeles ; since- the opening of the
poast. Line, .would be discontinued after
to-day.^This is the train that leaves both
terminals— San' Francisco and Los Ange
: .^A. number, of other^changes are to'take
place - on >both;the coast>and main Iine3
within ¦: a : few days;, but 1 : they have not
been-; fully .'determined "upon '-as ' s yet.', v
Give Successful Entertainment.
The members • of \ Alpha Fraternity
.gave a very successful musical' entertain-^
ment at Golden Gate Hall j last night un
der .: the title, "Ye Colonial j Minstrels.".
The . hall ; was '. crowded and a handsome
sum was , realized | for , the \ improvement of
the> fraternity's clubrooms. The enter
tainment was in : charge of r .W. C. . Peck,
R.'H..Hunt, George Gunn and P.* Cel- 1
larius. •. !;. . . "¦:'.- :. ¦ •.'.. ; ¦ '. .. • • ¦, \
To Relay Chinatown Pavements.
At the request of. Mayor. Phelan, City
Engineer Grunsky . has formulated an es
timate covering the expenseVof ., repaving
with bitumen or asphalt the streets' in
Chinatown embraced within -the district
between the northerly line of California
street, the westerly line of Kerny street
and Montgomery avenue, the southerly
line of Broadwayq and the westerly line of
Stockton street. The .estimated cost : of
the work is $57,168 92.
It Ms the intention of Mayor Phelan. as
expressed in his letter: to the Board: of
Public- "Works, . to induce the '.property
owners to bear their, proportion , of the
burden. If the necessary funds can be
. found the work will ; be commenced at
once. ." ..-'.¦
BESIGNS HIS POSITION
* TO SEEK GOLD IN \ NOBTH
George McGillivary, Head Office As
sistant of Board of Public Works,
Leaves Service. -
George McGllllvary, principal, office
assistant in the street department of the
Board of.' Public "Works, has resigned
His intention, it is said; is to go into the
northern gold fields, either at Nome or
Dawson, ; and .follow his profession . as a
mining engineer. - It is said that his place
will not be filled for the present, as the
offlce force * now engaged , is more than
sufficient to handle the slight amount of
work the board is doing.
It is expected Uhat .A. J. Donovan,- who
has for so'many. years held positions un
der various Superintendents - of Streets
will be ' promoted. -But there is a quegl
tion of politics involved, ; and Captain
Thomas. may be made head man. .' In any
event it is not intended ,to fill the/vacancy
until the - appropriation for next year.: is
made. " ¦ % ' . . I
Cleaned Out a Saloon.
Qeorge Green, ¦ who has: been arrested
several .tlmes^ 'for » cleaning out saloons
when drunk was convicted by Jud?« ivrn
fhZZ^^A on H# char&e * disfurbing
the peace and , will - appear for sentence
this, morning. On the night of April 2*
he. entered-the saloon at 632 Pacific str4t
and .- seizing a heavy beer ; faucet -tart ed
to clean out v the place. Arush was madfl
fonthe door.by : the inmates; burtheTar-
9 tto mlth ' &rabbed:h!s revolver
Are* You a Buffalo?
; Tou cannot grd" to ;the Pa"n- American Exposi
tion at Buffalo for, "eleven : cm ts," but the
comfortable trains of the . Nickel- Plate Road.'
;.'The ' Buffalo Short | Line,'.' } which leave Chl ;
cago at'^ convenient-: hours for .all- Coast-con
nections,¦',-./carrying '¦» unexcelled Nickel Plate
Dining: Cars, in which American Club meals
are served at prices ¦; varying from So cents to
$1.00, will satisfy the -most fastidious. Book
free showing' Pan-American Exposition Views.
JAY W.. ADAMS, P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker
building. San Francisco, Cal. .
Civil Service Examinations.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion'announces that' on May, 21, in all
cities having postal free delivery, an ex
amination will beJheld for the position of
draftsman in the' division of publications.
Department of Agriculture; salary $720
per annum;- and -other similar vacancies
as they shall occur. -
The commission also invites attention to
the fact that it is -desired -to secure more
eligibles for- the position of apprentice in
the mint and assay service.. The depart
ment has advised the commission that it
desires to make a number of appointments
at certain of the mints. and assay offices
throughout the country," and has requested
the commission to secure a requisite num
ber of eligibles for this purpose.
It . will not be necessary : for applicants
to appear at any place for examination.
Application forms 304 and . 375 .and special
forms are required. Persons who desire
to compete should apply at once to the
"United States Civil Service Commission.
Washington, D." C, for the forms* men
tioned above, which should be properly
executed and forwarded . to the commis
sion with the material required by the
examination. The papers of applicants
filed. in complete form with. the commis
cion prior to the hour of closing business
on July 1, 1901. will be immediately rated.
New Firs Ordinance.
City Architect Mooser has ' prepared a
new fire ordinance relating to the erection
of buildings. It is modeled on the ordin
ance in force in New York city, but make3
no radical departures from- the present
ordinance except thmat it is moro strin
gent. It has been submitted to the Board
of Fire Commissioners and will be sent to
the Board of Supervisors for action.
Protest Against High Buildings.
The Polk Street Improvement Club
filed a protest with the Board of Super
visors yesterday against the passage of
the proposed ordinance removing the limi
tation on the height of buildings, on the
grounds that- it is .legislation in favor of
a few millionaires and retards the devel
opment of the city by centering ihe com
merce within a limited area and obstruct
the sun, creating 1 a dampness danger
ous to the general health.
K, T. S. MacQulddy; L., H. Ronkendorf; M,
J. .A' .Wilson;. Signal Detachment, B. . F.'
Brown. • ¦ • ¦ • •" . • ?
SIXTH - SERGEANTS— Comsany A. P. TV.
Alexander: B, L. J. Barker: C, XV. E. Basham;
' D. C. B.' Crane; E, S. .C. Dlckson; F, G. Gold
man; G. J. II. Guill; H, R..E. Knapp; I, J.
• S/Iyamson;' K, E. (?. Ivjvey; L, 4 R.' Munro; M,
¦R. J. Squires.' ¦ ¦
CORPORALS-Company A— (1) O. D. Bald
win. (2) A. J.'Todd. (3) J. Kutz." (4) L. Oppen
.'helmer, (5) G. G. Walker. (6) G. II. Arthur;
Company B— (1),F. S. Ray, (2) E. J. Martin.
«3) A.. "H. ,Culbertson. (4) R.. Thelen. (5) W.
Brown, (6) G. JS.- Johnson; Company C. (1) M.
Thelen. (2) C. .P. Adams,' (3) P. Thelen, ' (4)
W.- Stalder. (oV- M. A.- Morrison. (6) Ir. H.
•Schuyler;:Company D— (l)rE.- E. Wood, (2) O.
A. Kraft, (3) T. A: Stoddard,- M) H. H. Minor,
• 5) R;-F: Phillips, (6) T. R. Quayle; Company
E— cl) H. : Cheek. (2) E.E. Adams, (3) A. E.
Baker, (4) I/. E. de Yoe. (5) P. H. Savage,
-<6) N.E..Briggs; Company F— CD'A. H. Mow
bray, (2) F.' L. Johnson, (3)-M. Rhine, (4) R.
«8: . ..Ray.".. (5) .H. Ik S.. Minor. (6) t XV. .. H. Norrls ;
¦ Company - G— (1) A.' R. ¦ Traphagen,. <2) C. W
Roarer. <3> F. G. Kutz. (4) L. B. Dunn. (5)
N. F.-Tltus, (6) R. J. Clark: Company H— (1)
'AV.;C: Kerr, (2) R. *W. Wardv.ell. (3) H. T.
Wayne; ¦ (4) F. H. Baxter. (5) «;. P. Bowie,
(6) S. C. Asbill; Company I— (1) R. T. Somers,
<2) \l: C..'Gardett, •¦«3)-"R. L. Beals, (4) E. H.
Sawyer. (5V S. U Haas, (6) E. M. Brow.n;
Company K— (1) W. AV. Davidson. (2) R. R.
Mitchell" (3) A. M. Cooley. (4) O. H. Schlesin
ger, (5)- M., Er.detlein; (6) P. T. Hannlgan;
Company G. S. Toung, i2) T. G. Wil
liamson.; (3) I. Miller. <4) S. W. Wynne. (5)
J. S. ¦ Montague. (6) B. Harwood; Company M—
•O> W.'H.' Foster. (2) H. Greensfelder. (3)
M. .1. Blackraan, f4) A. S. Bunnell, (5) W. R.
Peck, (6)~ S.". S. Young; signal • detachment—
(1) F.J. Booth. (2> W. Wight,- (3) E. S. Aben
heim_'.(4» R. XV. MeCormick: artillery detach
ment—(1) R. LaRue, (2) L. A. Webb.
CO NL AN AND SEYMOUR
*¦ IMBROGLIO IS ENDED
District: Attorney. Eyington Is Made
the ; Arbiter .on the Disjputed
/ ¦ -Point.
The Conlan-Seymour imbroglio is at an
end- and no blood has been spilled. 1 "When
the' cases .of, John Hart and John Des
mond; were called- in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday morning the Judge said- the
question as ¦ to whether they should be
charged with . robbery or petty larceny
had .been .referred': to r -the. District At
torney.'j The ; case- was continued till to
day ,vw-hen it-is expected warrants will,be
sworn to for petty larceny.,- .
• The'. District Attorney said that after
SSv 8^?!* Ith , Assls tant District Attor
"^ teller he^learned that the little girl;
ixuth-Bashford, had -been approached by
Desmond, who asked to see her bracelet
»ra»V T1 \ e • f^ rl ' took them oK and
showed them, to Desmond, who walked
SS?i r ntf^ t ?f m - i -'- T J 1 ? re was neitheT force
nor intimidation and it was clearly a case
™Vtr t T^ lar , ceny - Hart could b e charged
with -petty; larceny, second offense, which
term?^n^' a ? 1 ], e - ha^ alread y 8er^ ed -two
teims on a -.similar nharee.
C, O. Esterley; H. F. M. Foster; I. L.. K.
Martin; K. G. C. Noble; L. J.B. Ross; M,
S. C. Walker; signal detachment. C. T. Dozier;
• artillery detachment, -G. • B., Lorenz; band,. A.
C. Redon-ill. ::<,.-¦ < -¦ •
SECOND LIEUTENANTS — Quartermaster,
First Battalion. G. S. Davidson:. Second Bat
talion. R. S. , Hawley ; . Third Battalion. R. A.
Holley; Company A, C. H. Aspland: B, W..K.
Crawford; C. L.. A. Decoto; D. F. F. Goodsell;
E. H. V. Johnston:. F, G. R. Parker: G, O. C.
Pratt; H, B. W. Reed;/I. -C. I. Rhodes;' K,
• c: F. Rowell: L.L.. B. SmithiM. E.' T. Zook;
signal detachment, F,. H. Dakin; band, H. A.
Hollxer. ' ".-'.:• » " ¦ S| ",
ADDITIONAL, SECOND LIEUTENANTS—
F. Batrd. A. R. Morrison and W. D.Root.
NON-COMMISSIONED OFFICERS — Regi
mental Fergeant major, A. "W. Foster: quarter
master sergeant, O. Schulze; sergeant major,:
' First Battalion, \V. > L.' Brown ;\ Second . Bat
talion. E. H. McCollister; Third Battalion. W.
Shuhaiv: color sergeant," O. C. Davis. . . •
FIRST SERGEANTS— Company- A, B'. Bell:;
B. T. W.'Bell: <'. H. B.'. Dewing: D. J. M. Ko
ford:E. Av P. Matthew: F, J. R. Munsell; G,
H. ¦ P. Mackit* ; H, K-'E... Newton; I. C. W.
Petit; K,R.- Slbley: L,; O. F. Stern; M. J. H.
Wise: signal detachment,- U W." Symmes: ar
tillery detachment, H. C. Rodder; band, R.'P.
Wheelock. . • . .- * •.
SECOND SERGEANTS— Company A,- F. -B.
Alexander; B. E. A- Bailey; C. H. G.Baugh;
.I> w. J.* Buttgf nbacl) : E. W. H. Girvln;vF.
h". M. Hansen: G. A. F., Kales; H. 'B. F. Kle
rulff; I, • A. Knopff: , K,: C. G. Norrls; L.'G.:
Quinan: M. S. B. Wright; Signal Detachment.
W. Herreshoff: Artillery Detachment, G. W.
"Peterson.- • ¦ . ¦> '
THIRD SERGEANTS- Company A, P. T.
Be<>; B. W. T. Bee;C R B. Gould; D. \V.-B.
Hill : E. L. L. * Hurah : F. . R.- 1*? Lansworthy,
G. J.' D." Maddrlll ; H. . T. . A. iMills,; I, E. M.
Otis: K. F. Schwabacker; U S. J.. Smith; M.
A. J. Woolsey; .Signal Detachment. R. ¦ Cr.
Cllflord; Artillery Detachment, J. A.Olmstead.
VISITORS TO YOSEMITE . ;
ENJOY THE STAGE BIDE
New Yorkers Say Story of Their Be
•. ing Lost arid-; Starved Is Not
;-. ..: ¦•• v>--:- i'TrueV, v. ' ¦ : "1 .' ¦;••.'.•.¦- " i :
¦¦' J.- Jay Nestell* ind* -F.' M. Parker arrived
at. the Palace ;Hotel yesterday /morning. 1
They .were greatly s, surprised ,to learn ' of
reports -to the effect; that' their trip to Yo
seniite Valley' had' b«en; oneofi danger.'
The- gentlemen were .passengers ,on-the
first stage to" snler the valley this year via
the Big Oak ; Flat ; route,' and \prahounce
the dispatches which stated- they had suf
fered, numerous .delays and were starved
on the trip as falsehoods.; : • ; ' !
•They state that. • on the contrary, the
trip was a delightful one and was accom
plished without mishap of any kind. . ,-¦ ¦
SERIOUS CHARGE MADE
AGAINST TWO OFFICERS
Chappelle and '¦. Sylvester Accused of
Accepting Money From Fallen
Women.' , ! ;
Angelina M. Abbott, the girl who shot
De Witt Clinton, the. actor, about a. year
ago, appeared in . Judge Cabanlss* court
yesterday oh. charges of vagrancy " and
disturbing the peace. She was arrested
Saturday night by Policemen Chappelle
and Sylvester. The girl was arrested on
April 4 by Chappelle on a charge of
vagrancy and the case was dismissed by
Jurfse Coman. - .
The cases against the girl were con
tinued till to-day and when she left the
courtroom she went to Captain' Seymour
and stated that she was being persecuted
by " the officers because she did not give
them money. She declared that, in the
presence of. the landlord of the hou5e at
27S O'Farrell street, Mike Nolan, a noto
rious character, told her. after her first
arrest, that if she did as his girl, who
lives in the same house. . did— pay $20 a
month to I the officers— she would not be
molested. She was instructed by, the cap
tain to subpena the landlord and Nolan
to be in court this morning so that their
statements could be taken under oath.
Both officers indignantly deny the accu
sation and state that the Abbott woman
is constantly on the street and that they
had warned her to keep away. When she
was arrested Saturday night she expec
torated in their faces. Nolan's girl, ac
cording to the records, was arrested twice
in February, but not since.
GENERAL FITZHUGH LEE
GUEST OF MAYOR PHELAN
Bistinguished Soldier Entertained at
| a Dinner at the Pacific Union
Club.
Mayor James D. Phelan cave a dinner
last evening to General Fltzhugh Lee in
the Pacific Union Club. The dining room,
was handsomely decorated for the occa
sion with American flags and the table
was prettily laid with choice hothouse
flowers and ferns. Mayor Phelan. in a
graceful speech, warmly welcomed the
distinguished soldier to the city. General
Lee, in response, thanked the Mayor and
expressed great pleasure at. the kindly
and hospitable treatment that had been
shown him during his brief stay in Cali
fornia. .
Those present at the dinner were:
James D. Phelan. General Fitzhugh Lee,
Colonel O. E. Wood, Senator Georga C. Per
kins." Irving M. Scott, Chief Justice Beatty.S.
G. Murphy. General W. H. I*. Barnes. Hon.
Barclay Henley. William M. Gwin. Judge J.
M. Seawell, Crittenden Thornton. Marsdon.
Hanson. Dr. E. R. Taylor. Hon. Julius Kahn.
A. A. Watkfns, Colonel A. G. Hawes, H. G.
Platt, Joseoh S. Tobin, Harold Sewall. Presi
dent Benjamin I. Wheeler, J. H. Wise. Dr.
David Starr Jordan. William De-nman. W. T.
Wallace, J. Downey Harvey, John. B. Ha skin.
J. C. Sims, James P. Booth.
YOUNG UNIVERSITY SOLDIERS, i WHOSE ' SKILL ' IN CONDUCTING
THE MANEUVERS DURING .THE ANNUAL REVIEW AND INSPEC
TION ON THE BERKELEY CAMPUS WON THEM DISTINCTION. !
THE annual inspection, review and
battle exercises of the cadets of
the University of California, which
have come to be looked upon . as
being among the most picturesque
features of college life, were deprived of
all their attractiveness yesterday by, the
inclement weather. The sham . battle,
which was to have been the event of the
day. had to be omitted entirely, as the ca
dets, dressed in their pa'rade equipments,
did not relish the idea of creeping behind
muddy breastworks, fording miniature
rivers and marching and counter-march
ing through the wet grass. The pro
gramme, which was to have lasted the
day, had to be crowded through in a few
hours during the morning. Owing to. the
haste no spectators were present to wit
n.css the evolutions and give applause to
the winning company.
The inspection, was held- upon the cam
pus. Lieutenant Colonel M. P. Maus, of
the United States army, acted as inspec
tor. The cadets, 600 strong, marched past
the reviewing stand, and made a very
commendable showing. Company E. of
which R, T. Fisher is the captain, wa3
adjudged to have shown the most effic-'
iency in the maneuvers, and.was.accord
ingly awarded the colors. Company B,
cf which W. B. Bakewell ,is captain, se
cured second. honors. The university band
furnished the music for the occasion.
A gold medal was awarded to I. ! B.
Rhodes for having made the highest gen
eral average at target practice during the
year. First Lieutenant ,N. :Vandtrbilt
made the second highest average and' was
presented with a silver medal.' - - ;
¦ At the conclusion' of the exercises the
officers for the coming" year rwere. an
nounced as follows: .' ". . '¦ _'•;.''¦
Noted Attorney Passes Away in Napa'
Institution, Whe're He Was Sent , ;
CHARLES BEN DARWIN
DIES IN AN ASYLUM
CAPTAIN'S— Regimental adjutant, J. Mark'
ley Jr.: quartermaster. L. I. Reed; commis
sary- McC. Graydon; Company. A.- F.' M. Allen;
B, . M. K. Deutsch; C. J. • M. ; Eshleman; D,
R. G. Hunt; E, R. H. Kelley; F, A. Kempley;
G. K. H. rearce; H. W. H. Tonert; I. I. B.
Rhodes; K, R. S. Springer; L, N. Vanderbilt;
M, E. M. Weizht; sicnal detachment. J.~ R.
IMnkham; artillery detachment. J. B. Sawyer.
FIRST LIEUTENANTS— Adjutant". First
Battalion. A. Adler; adjutant. Second Battal
ion, W. B. Albertson; adjutant, , Third Battal
ion, C. P. Holt: Company A, A. A. Alexander:
K. J. B. Carter; C. P. T. Clay; D. L. B. Chan
dler; E, C. C. Dakin; F, ). J. Epplnger; G,
for Treatment.
Charles Ben Darwin died at the Napa
Asylum last Saturday night. > He was
known as the foremost -American student
of criminal law and was constantly in de-;
"mand as a criminal pleader ; in the early
days of California, ga He- was born x in
Tennessee. After graduating from alaw
college he went to Europe . to study. ; He
was appointed a : commissioner to .f ram©
the code3 ¦ of i Tennessee. . In- the time of
the gold excitement he come* to California,,
but returned East in' about a year, locat
ing in Iowa. ¦••' ¦-¦. : • ¦'.'¦¦ _,'"
After the first election of 'Abraham Lin
coln to the Presidency, being one of. the
Presidential Electors, Mr. Darwin was ap
pointed a District Judge for the Territory
of Washington. Having resigned this of
fice, he returned to San-Francisco in 186S
and iormed a law partnership with D.' A.-
Murphy. • When Mr. Murphy was elected
District Attorney. Mr. Darwin. was made
his assistant. For more than twenty
years he practiced law in this city. Two
years ago he gave signs of mental infirm
ity and was removed to the Napa Asylum
for treatment. Mr.; Darwin leaves a wife,
one son and a daughter. ,. .
DIVOBCT IS GaANTED TO
MRS. ARTHTJB MACONDRAY
All the Proceedings Took Only Twen
ty Minutes Befors Superior
. Judge Cook.
It took twenty minutes in Judge Cook's
court yesterday -afternoon for the- mar
riage ties that bound Mr. and Mrs. Arthur
Macondray to be severed. General W. H.
L. Barnes appeared for the plaintiff, Mrs.
Macondray, and the respondent, who was
not present, was represented by Attorney
E. J. . Pringle.
Mrs. Madeline Macondray testified that
she was married on August 28, last. They
wenf to Manila on their wedding tour and
on arriving there she found that her hus
band had neither - position nor money.
They came home on the transport Han
cock. He used to call her bad names and
would curse and swear at her, she said.
He often came home drunk and abused
her. He would be away*for two or three
days at a time and when he returned
would say that- he had been at the ham
rnam baths. He had failed to support her
since their marriage. - ¦
Mrs. Ethel Clisby, at whose house the
couple boarded, testified to having heard
Macondray on different occasions call his
wifo vulgar and offensive names and Mrs.
"W. G. . Richardson, Mrs. Macondray's
mother, testified that her daughter had
been forced to take refuge with her be
cause of Macondray's cruel conduct. She
had heard him abusing her daughter and
lie had failed to contribute to her sup
port. ' *
The Judge granted the divorce on the
ground of extreme cruelty.
It begins to look as if one would have
to carry, his lunch basket or go hungry
on Mayday. The man who patronizes *
restaurant, upon whose: menu no union
label is attached wiil not be in it for the
three square meals a day on and after
that date, according to the dictum of the
waiters. ¦ '¦"¦ ¦ ¦
The Cooks* and "Walters' Alliance ha3
decided that it will stand by its schedule.
At a meeting held last night at 102 O'Far
rell street fully 1000 men and women were
present and declared themselves in favor
of the schedule heretofore submitted to
the. restaurant proprietors. Now it is up
to the restaurant eater to guess whence
his next - meal may come, no matter
whether or not the price be in his pocket.
The cooks and wallers say they will not
give in. The employers say the same, so
the hungry multitude must bring its lunch
basket along, for no tip, no matter how
large, will change the waiters' or the
cooks', attitude.
- Early on Mayday morning- the. strike
will . go into, effect. Tuxedos, swallow
tails, white neckties and aprons will be
dropped in one fell bunch if the men con
ducting the caravansaries do not concede
the demands of the men and women who
hurl the plates around.
A considerable quantity of eloquenca
was launched into tbe air at the meeting
last night, but one and all seemed de
termined to carry out the objects of the
union. Orators . without number spranjy
forth. The burden of their lay was
"shorter hours and more pay." To ac
complish this end less than thirty-six
hours separate employe and employer. It
looks like a short, sharp fight, with the
hungry man the intermediary.
The following is the schedule that ha3
been adopted by the union and will be de
manded of restaurant proprietors, hoteia
so far being exempt from its provisions:
Steady work, ten hours a day. J3 per week.
• Lunch and dinner in same house, five hours,
$1 25 per day.
Lunch, three hours or less, 75 cents.
Lunch or dinner on Sundays or- holidays,
four hours or less, 75 cents. .-.• :
Extra work, $2 JO per day.
Extra time, 25 cents per hour.
Six days per week -and. ten. hours per day
to be the maximum.
The waitresses will meet at the same
place to-night to perfect their further or
ganization.
Restaurant Keepers' Association.
The Restaurant Keepers' Association
held an enthusiastic meeting last right
at 32 O'Farrell street, and adopted rules
for the government of the association.
After May 1 the initiation fee will be a
per capita tax of 50 cents for each person
employed by the member. A member ex
pelled and applying for reinstatement
must pay a per - capita tax of $5 per
employe before he is again entitled to
membership. In case a member resigns
and later applies for membership he must
pay a. per capita tax of $1 per employe
before he Is -eligible. .
It wa» decided by the association to
open a bureau of information with an
employment bureau in connection. Res
taurant and hotel help are to be regis
tered free of charge. The bureau "is to
be located at 127 Mason street.
Walter R.; Dinmore, who resides at the
Palace and whose matrimonial venture
with- Mrs. Cone of Denver— their estrange
ment and the sudden flight to the East of
the blushing bride— caused much gossip
recently,. is again before the public.
Yesterday: Dlnmore, or _ at. least his at
torney, ; George D. Collins, on his behalf
filed In the United States District Court
a petition in bankruptcy. The, document
explains that Dinmore is on the wrong
side of the ledger to the amount of $17,
179 94 and that he has nothing upon which
his creditors can levy excepting wearing
apparel valued at 5300. The heaviest
creditors are those who hold bills that
were contracted while • Dinmore was a
member of the firm of the Diamond Soap
Company. "VV. A". Levy of .Petaluma holds
Dlnmore's notes to the amount of $5000,
and Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank is down
for $48S1. Jules (iamage. the bad debt col
lector, is also, down on. the list for $746.
Dinmore includes among h!s debts a
number of personal bills, among them be
ing one for $275 from the firm of Bullock
& Jones for clothing and neckwear.
Dinmore has for • some time been con
nected as a salesman: with the firm of
Wetmore ,& Co., wine merchants. He
engaged commodious rooms in the Palace
Hotel and decorating them in a tasty
manner, put a mercantile sign over the
door and awaited wine patrons. He met
with immediate success and large num
bers of the tourists who were staying at
the Palace vftlted his quarters and pur
chased California, wines.
Dinmore says in reference to the bank
ruptcy proceedings that he has acknowl
edged a number of accounts that he had
no business to; that he Is "bothered by
creditors morning, ¦ noon and night, and
that he is tired of it. He i says -. that
though he has started Insolvency .pro
ceedings that this does not mean he will
not recognize ' all bill's.'
Debts Aggregate $17,179 94
and Clothes Are His
DINMORE AGAIN
TO THE FRONT
Files : Petition Asking to
Be Declared an
Insolvent.
Demand Ten Hours a Day,
Eight Dollars a Week
and Steady Work.
¦ ¦ • .
COLD LUNCHES
OR HOT MEALS
Waiters and Cooks Are
' Ready to Stop Hus
tling Dishes.
THE BAN, FK AOSTCISGO GALL, ' T O ES DAY, ;; 3U, -i» U 1
- FOURTH j SERGEANTS^OJinpany A, C.
• Baruch; B.-E.-H. Brooks; C, A. Cadogran: D,
• * XV. Caubu; E, B. E. Corlett; F.W. L. Flnley;
- O.-C.'F. Gilcrest; H, F.' J. Goble; I, , F. A.
' Gowlng; >K, E. McBoyle; L, O. H. Robertson;
: M,.-T.',E. Stanton;.* Signal.^Detachment; W.
"Widenmann. ¦ /.- / '•;.¦? ." ¦ ' *. ¦
' FIFTH SERGEANTS— Company A, M. All
_ Jng; B. W. M.-Bransford; C, E. G. Cahlll; .U.
C. - E.* Crane; E, -F.- Durst ;--F, C. A. Gaines;
1 G, J. S. Jones; H,C.K. ; Judy; I. F..D. Lord;
14
DR.MQNULTY.
H'-HIS WELL-K^OWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A SpeclallstcyrwBlood Poison. Oonorrhaw»,Gleet,
«lifJSi tU ™'' .Impotence and thei?
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men. *re«.
S^T 0 !? e .\™,£ r 2*£ en< ;*- T ,? rn " reasonable. Hoar-,
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddxesa
n P. KOSCOB 3ICNULTT.3I.D.
2©>i HLeorny St.. San Franeisco, CsJ-
M* S \$}&£S PLATES • • W-M i
|H5g&$|g£^. FILLINGS. 25 |
la^liif tft" CEOWNS.. 3.53 g
By^fAXjKSv GUARANTEE g
I "VANVROOM" §
II PAINLESS DENTISTRY. |
|[,lQji MiRKET ST., Cor. 6th. |j
*?50 >^^ Tlle $3-50 'shoes we sell^^v §0$*'
\ - #*^' v^jr are as * U M °* value as our %~s
fg . higher priced ones. They are
JB better than any sold else- Wu
qIb where, because we can afford Bl^K
j£^$m to put better material into IuJa^
t^ j fa them — - we - buy shoes in B l Vw/y
V^l larger quantities, conse- BPiT-
T)v Y& A^ sty * es sizes f° r mcn and Bl lO '
-/ n 0£ f Y& women at $3.50. We are the rec- jBJAv ju
fnr^ \?k °snized leaders for the finest foot- j£r/j jO r
J \^k \ve<jr on the Pacific Coast. J&sWa <o
IpmCATE ENTREES^
|f and delicious sauces easily mada by t
i^ COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Beet d