SCENES IN GOLDEN' GATE PARK YESTERDAY AFTERNOON DURING, THE EXERCISES ATTENDING THE
UNVEILING OF THE MAGNIFICENT HEROIC BRONZE AND GRANITE MONUMENT BY THE GERMAN
AMERICAN. RESIDENTS ¦ OF SAN FRANCISCO AND vicinity. -¦ : ¦;.-.'
Trust Maintains Operations
in Mills Where Trouble
"Was Expected.
Base This on Refusal of
Western Workers
to Strike.
IRON MEN
NOW CLAIM
A VICTORY
PrTTSETJUG-, Aug. 12,
12:30 a. m. — According to es
timates of the Amalgamated
Association leaders, 56,000
trust workmen have joined
the strike, making 105,000
idle men in alL The trust
officials assert that only
29,470 have quit work.
NUMBER OF STEEL
WORKERS ON STRIKE
. The Iowa . reached Cienf uegos May 23,
but Captain Evans supposed that Admiral
Schley had the signal code, and did. not
communicate it, to him, and It- was not
until the next day, when Captain McCalla
At this time Admiral Schley, with the
flying squadron, was on his way to Clen
fuegos, and it was impossible to communi
cate with him.
Admiral Sampson directed this informa
tion to be communicated to the com
manders of three vessels of the fleet, znd
it was given to all the commanders th^n
at Key West. Including,CaptaIn Robley D.
Evans of the Iowa;
Schley Did Not Know Code.
The flying squadron, in obedience to an
instruction from Admiral Sampson, got
under way at 8:20 a. m. on May 19 for
Clenfuegos, where it was generally be
lieved the Spanish squadron would take
refuge. A few hpurs after the flying
squadron left, the Marblehead, Eagle and
Vixen arrived at Key West direct from
Cienf uegos, and Captain McCalla of the
Marblehead reported to Admiral Sampson
that he had arranged a code of signals
with the Cubans and had fixed a rendez
vous on shore where they could be com
municated with and where information
could be exchanged.
CAU, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 1L— Rear
Admiral Winfield Scott Schley Is in
possession of information which he is
satisfied will clearly Justify him before the
court of Inquiry for his delay at Cien
fuegos during the war with Spain. He
will show that he left Cienfuegbs for San
tiago the moment he -was convinced • that
the Spanish fleet was not in the former
harbor. An examination of the logs of the
Marblehead, Brooklyn and Iowa has
already developed information, which, in
the opinion of his friends, entirely Justi
fied him in the course he pursued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Unable to Depart Until He
Knew Location of the
Spanish Fleet.
Information That He
Left Gienfuegos Soon
as Possible.
JUSTIFIES
THE ACTION
OF SCHLEY
materially change the situation. They
would not say. however, what they had in
V mind or how their cause was to gain in
f . : _
Continued on Page Three.
newspaper men who sought him, and kept
within the seclusion of his home. The
other leaders who were seen Intimated
that there would be developments to-mor
row ana throughout the week that would
pointment at the refusal of their West
ern brethren to join with them In the
etrfke. but none of the leaders would dis
cuss the defection.
President Shaffer refused to meet the
fore the contest has progressed much fur
ther. They do not conceal their disap-
themselves masters of the situation be-
PITTSBURG, Aug. 1L— The Iron mas
ters are to-night claiming victory in the
great steel strike. They base their claim
upon the refusal of the Amalgamated
men at Soutb Chicago, Jollet and Bay
View to obey the general strike order of
President Shaffer and their success. In
maintaining operations in other plants
where It was anticipated that there would
be serious trouble. The strike leaders
meet the claims of victory with the as
sertion that their cause is making satis
factory progress and that they will show
Continued on Pasre Fiva.
In his operation of removing the bullion
and dropping It In the bay Winters must
have walked some eight miles, all the
time packing the heavy bars of gold.
"And you can. bet I was tired," he said.
"I could hardly move off the scene when
I finished the work, and when I reached
my, cabin I dropped on the bed exhausted.
Still . I would have kept It up and taken
that $150,000 left In the vault, If daylight
had not come so soon."
-Winters is a raw, sinewy man with the
kind of muscles that can stand Just such
nervous work. He was mentally com
posed as he lay on the lounge in the de
tective's room, but every few moments
his body would twitch and start.
"The night I worked In the vault," he
continued, "I could plainly hear the
voices of the men on the outside. That
safe Is like a sounding box. Once two
of the men were talking while they were
leaning against the box. I knew they
were, for I heard them well. But that
did not worry me any because I made
little noise and they did not hear me. I
was never disturbed in my • work. . and
anybody who says they saw me that
morning before I returned to my cabin
is not telling the truth."
When asked about the Inducements of
fered him for a confession . Winters
flushed up and said he would not talk
on that subject "Go and • see the Selby
people if you want to find out anything.
Jack Winters, otherwise "Buck" Tay
lor, is a man without regret. He glories
in his deed and affects a superiority above
his fellow men. When questioned about
the robbery yesterday afternoon he smil
ingly told how great a job he did and
how, if he had not confessed, the gold
would never have been discovered. Af
ter a short walk with Detective Crockett
In the early afternoon he rejturned to the
Hall of Justice and seemed to take hi*
detention In a matter of fact way.
Ex-Ohief Lees and Captain
: Seymour Have Heart to
Heart Talk.
Selby Smelting Company
Will Prosecute the
>'; Bullion ThieX
VIE WILL
TIE WINTERS
TO MARTINEZ
UNVEILING OF THE SPLENDDDGQETME-SCMLLER MONUMENT
IS VIEWED BY A MULTITUDE OF GERMAN AMERICANS
SAl^FRANCISCO, M^
PRICE . FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 73.
Continued on Page Three
Continued on Page' Two. '
Continued on Page Three.
Whenever -a.- German -emigrates, ; Goethe and 1
Rnhiller emigrate with him. » The works of
The overture was followed by a gran.l
chorus In' which some fifty * members of
the ..various jj German singing societies
under, the leadership of Paul . Steindorfi
took part.." These .were .the Harmonie,'
Arion, Valhalla, -Teutonia ' and . the ¦' Eln
tracht Gesang. section. ; The chorus was
"Der Tag desrHerfn" • (The'Day! of the
Lord). ,. , At * its | conclusion ,-. Dr. - Rich ter
advanced tothe platform rail and formal
ly turned (the; monument over to the presi
dent'of the 'dayy. His address was in Ger
man,', and Its 'translation follows: ¦. ' • •
It was a few minutes, after 2, o'ciock
when Dr. C. M. ' Rlcbter. chairman of the
executive committee of the Goethe-Schil
ler Monument Association, signaled 'to
Professor : Spad&a that all was in. readi
ness. The opening notes. of the ¦ Jubilee
overture by the park orchestra was then
sounded, and during; the rendition of the
overture the officers of the association and
the invited- guests took their places on the
platform. ' Among _ these were Mayor
Phelan, Auditor Asa R. : Wells, ' Sheriff
John Lackmann, Commissioner Jas
per McDonald, Reuben H. : Lloyd, Superior
Judge \ Seawell, Fred Siebe, F. \ W. Dohr
mann,:Thomas. B. Bishop, Robert Capeli;
George ¦ H. ; Mendell ' arid .others. \ Of the
Monument : Association : there were pres
ent Dr. C.'.M. Richtef; Charles Dundscbu,
M. Greenblatt, Professor., Ewald Fluegel,
A. Putzker, M. Kollmanri",' Cesar Bertheau,
Dr. Max Magnus and Joseph Branden
steln. •„..'¦''>•¦ '.- . » ' -
The TTn veiling Exercises.
speakers or a refrain of the songs sung
by the various singing societies that came
as a soft echo from afar, there was noth
ing to Indicate . that a set 'programmet of
music and oratory was being rendered.
The gathering was a good natured one!
and as there were other happenings of
Interest to render the occasion' enjoyable,
no complaints, were heard.
The charming day left nothing to be
desired. The sun, darting Its rays through
a cloudless sky, seemed to smile upon a
concourse of men and women that filled
the entire space of Concert Valley before
the band stand, and the terraces on either
side. In front of the stand was the rostrum
crowded with the officers of the day and
the invited guests, including many well
known city officials and citizens. The
rostrum was gayly decorated with palms
and the national colors, as well as the
German flag. To the right, on the terrace
south of the museum, stood the monu
ment, veiled from sight and guarded by a
detachment of : the , Krieger Vereln. The
German colors fluttered ; merrily . from , a
staff to the left of the statue, while to
the rights the stars and stripes floated
proudly in the breeze. The terrace walks
were impassable, but confusion was pre
vented by a half dozen . mounted park
policemen. The uniform . section of /the
Krieger Vereln stood near the steps lead
ing to the speakers', platform, but the
crowd was sc/ great that: these men were
scarcely visible to ari'y save those'occupy
ing tho stand • and terraces. Except to
those In the Immediate; vicinity of .the
platform the , exercises were'meaningless,
on/1 tava fnr an nr.raslnna.1 erp.sturo of tiio
bronze statue' of, Goethe and
Schiller was , unveiled amid many a
"Hoch!" at Golden Gate Park yes
terday afternoon. It was an occasion
when all men, Irrespective of nationality,
bowed their heads before the transcendent
genius of these men whose Images were
so ably worked In bronze, and the light of
whose powers will . shine resplendent so
long as the best in literature and phil
osophy shall engage the attention and
excite the admiration of mankind.
TEN THOUSAND German-Amerl
can citizens of San Francisco
paid a tribute to the memory of
the greatest minds the world has
ever produced when the heroic
CRONBERG, Aug. ll.-People flocked
into Cronberg from an early hour to-day
to see the august personages who would
attend the requiem services over the re
mains of the Dowager Empress Freder
ick. Throughout the night and again to
day the officers of the regiments of which
the deceased was honorary colonel had
stood guard . over the coffin. From 11 a.
m. there was an unbroken stream of car
riages arriving from Homburg, Frankfort
and other points, bringing those Invited
to . the solemn ceremony. Considerable
bodies of troops, both infantry and'cav
alry, also arrived.
.At. 2:30 p. m. the Eightieth Regiment
formed up along: the streets and the band
of the Bockenhelm* Hussars tooks Its
stand : opposite the church. Every win
dow,- balcony and housetop was filled
with j people awaiting the arrival of -the
Imperial personages. "Baron von Relsch
ack, court marshal of .the Dowager Em
press, superintended the arrangements.
Officials "Withdraw Swords.
Sir Frank Lascelles, the British Embas
sador, was among the first to arrive. He
took a' seat .facing the coffin,' which was
covered with wreaths. ..On the other side
of the coffin were four officers holding the
standards of. the. empire of Prussia and
of the deceased. Between them and • the
coffin-were other' officials; rigid and bear
ing drawn swords. Gradually the church
filled: with officers in splendid uniforms
and ladies wearing deep mourning. The
congregation included . the Duke 'of Con
naught; the. Duke of Cambridge and sev
eral members of the British royal house
hold; Count von Buelow, Count. von Wal
dersee, Dr. Spielgelhagen and Dr. von
L-indqulst.
At 4 o'clock the roll of muffled drums an
nounced the arrival of Emperor William
and King Edward, who had driven to
gether, from - Homburg*. The, Emperor,
- . ¦ - . '¦¦ .'».¦ • ; .
these great poets are a national possession of
the German people, Just as the works of Shake
speare are'a- national possession of those who
speak his. language. In this, as in' many other
respects, the German race resembles the close
ly^ related race represented by the English
tongue. In the. realm' of .art. and civilization
the two races; hold, and always will hold,
equal'' rank. '.The Germans- honor in- Goethe
the hero who, as Schiller expressed it, throt
tled the snake" that held the national genius
captive. in its deathly; colls; while Schiller is
well described in " Goethe's famous lines: *
-"He gleams like a departing metaor bright,
"Combining with his own, eternal light."
.Every German who. takes Goethe and Schil
ler with him to . the land of hl» adoption, by
means of this Intellectual Inheritance promotes
the cause of 5 Intellectual ¦ culture amonsr . his
fellow,, citizens. * No . poet , ever celebrated i the
.worth of . virtue, '^ the triumph of ' liberty and
the' beauty • and sublimity of. patriotism .with
greater eloquence,', or with a * more , profound
conviction, than did Schiller. This intellect
ual inheritance is the most precious gift which
a German , confers j upon | the \ country of his
choice; and It was a worthy undertaklne to
give visible expression ¦ to this Idea by means
of a monument. ¦ We resolved to . procure an
exact reproduction of Rlethschel's masterpiece,
the , celebrated -/Goethe-Schiller monument j at
Weimar, and to erect the same In the great
Golden* Gate: Park . of-.tha city of San Fran
cisco,', the city; which - is destined to ¦¦ become
a beacon Illumining the shores of the Pacific
with the, light. of liberty and virtue of art and
civilization.-; Ktethschel, one. of -.the greatest
sculptors of ] the : last g century, in this monu
ment has ¦ given us 'an j ideal work,, of ;' 'art.
Goethe himself has said: '."No work of art Is
created- with entire freedom, even though the
artist (be most -gifted -and 'skillful;- however
completely. he may have mastered the medium
In* which he ' expresses j himself. •¦. he cannot
change -its', nat'u re. 'V Elsewhere '.. he says: . "A
man's.' best ''monument'is,.' after all, the .man
himself." ""This ..monument of -bronze. : which
is about to be" unveiled ¦ to pur sight, ls % grand
and J sublime., .even i If Judged : in the light - of
those Jthoughts'of-Goethe's.V i . ...:: -; ¦
Magnificent Work of Art Is Presented to Park Commissioners and
Accepted on Behalf of the People by Mayor Phelan*
Suites at Cronberg.
Rulers of Germany and Eng
land With Families and
GLOWING TRIBUTES TO MEMORY
OF THE TWO FAMOUS POETS
Crowned Heads Pay
: Homage to Late Em
press Frederick.
ASSEMBLAGE
OF ROYALTY
HOHORS DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Mr. ICelll himself appears as Clarence,
the spoiled darling of the London public,
and comes out strongly in the part. It Is
always amusing- to see the player playing
the actor, and Mr. Neill loses none of the
opportunities of the role. Frank McVicars
Is a perfect manual on "how to be a
Prince at a performance of "Romeo and
Juliet" at Drury Lane Theater, and is al
together a very pleasantly pictured scion
of royalty. There are some strikingly
picturesque situations in "The Royal
Box," the lines are good and there is a
grateful old-world flavor about the play
that is very cleverly caught by Mr. Neill's
good company.
The new bill that opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Memphis Kennedy, musi
cal comedian; Ed F. Reynard, ventrilo
quist; June Mathis, the wonderful child
actress; Irving' Jane, colored song writer;
Ethel May, sweet singer of ballads; Levy
& Parent, sketch atrists, and a series ot
new moving pictures.
Annie Morris, coon shouter; Dilges
French aerlallst; Kalacratus, novelty jug
gler; lone, in poses plastique, and other
clever vaudeville people are on this week's
programme at the Olympla.
Hlnrichs' orchestra will present a new
programme. ,
• • •
The new features of the Orpheum. pro
gramme presented last evening are ia
Keeping with the usual excellence of the
entertainment provided at that popular
theater. Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kelcy, in
the light farce "Uncle Phlneas," present
one of the most pleasing sketches seen
for many weeks, scoring 1 a decided hit.
Charles H. Bradshaw and his associates,
Charlotte Wade, George W. Coakln and
Ala Horsfall, created considerable laugh
ter In the funny skit "Fix in a Fix," that
deals with the old subject of too much
mother-inlaw. Remarc and Rilay have
a novel illusion act that is very much on
the lines made famous by ' the Hanlons.
The Alcazar's novel attraction of the
week Is Miss Charlotte Thompson's new
play, "Silver-mounted Harness," which
will be seen to-night for the first time
anywhere. Florence Roberts appears as
the heroine, Mrs. Latimer, who Is mar
ried to a man whom she does not love,
and whose, matrimonial fetters give the
title to the play. George "Webster plays
the. husband's part, White Whittlesey the
role. of the villain and Lucius Henderson
that of the inevitable "other man'-' who
makes his appearance in such circum
stance. A feature of the play will be a
symbolic dance that has been arranged
by Professor Bothwell Browne.
did euch splendid work with Henry Miller
last season, and Mary Van Buren will
?, e see .2,,_ as Ladv Jessica. It is 'the first
time The Liars"- has been given here at
popular prices, and the play will doubtless
draw the houses of the season.-
"Mrs. Dane's Defence" will hold forth
at the Columbia Theater for another six
nights and Saturday matinee. Charles
Frohman has sent a brilliant play and
equally brilliant players headed by Mar
garet Anglln and Charles Richman.
These two players are exceptionally well
received in their- respective roles, and
throughout the cast the acting calls for
* * . •
Edythe Chapman has a graceful part
as Celia Bryse, and lpoked very charming
and played all there was to play very effi
ciently. Julia Dean is rather overweight
ed with the Countess Felsen's role, which
is out of the ingenue scale, and Lillian
Andrews gets the heartiest laugh of the
evening, when, as the landlady of the
"Cat and Fiddle," she declares her equal
regard for S. "lord or a lobster."
The Royal Box" is very well costumed
and staged, and the draped and bedecked
box In the auditorium, In which the
Prince and his party come to see "Romeo
and Juliet" at the Old Drury,. was the
center of attraction for the large audi
ence.
Prince of Wales" and does by much hl3
best work of this season in the role. John
W. Burton does another of his excellent
old men, Tipps, the "bobby," as clever a
bit of character work as one could wish
to see, and with Arthur Cro3well, who
makes the most of his small part as an
actor, and John P. Wade, who. with a
steaming punch bowl, pipes round the
"Cat and Fiddle" hearthstone, make a
very pleasing old English picture. Mr.
Bernard is sufficient as Count Felsen,
and Donald Bowles Is not altogether com
fortable as Clarence's old servant.
One of the best bills of the Prawley sea
son at the Grand Opera-house -will be the
play for this week, Henry Arthur Jones'
brilliant comedy of manners, "The Liars."
Mr. Frawley will appear therein as Sir
Christopher Deerlng. E. J. Morgan is cast
as Edward Falkner, the role in which he
? ? *
The third week of the grand opera.sea
son at the Tivoli will open to-night with
the favorite old ' Donizetti opera, "La
Favorlta," which will serve to introduce
the new tenor of the company, Agostini,
to 1 Tivoli patrons. "La Favorita" has not
been heard here before for some years
and has a cast, to-night that promises a
most : capable rendering of the tuneful
opera! Besides Signor Agostini, who ap
pears as Ferdinand, Daclo will be heard in
the 'fine 'bass part of Balthazar, Terrari
in the role of the King of Castile, and
Collamarini in the name part. Another
notable attraction of the week - is -the
alternating bill, "Otello," that alsq has an
excellent cast, and the additional Interest
of a new. singer, Linda Montanari, prima
donna soprano. Signorina Montanari will
be heard in the part of Desdemona, and
Lia Poletlnl has the contralto role of
Emilia. Castellano will sing Otello, and
Salassa will repeat his greatest success as
Iago. The public is respectfully reminded
that the curtain now rises at 8 o'clock
sharp.
• ¦ ? «
much commendation. Next Monday night
Daniel Frohman's Company from Daly"s
Theater will present R. C. Carton's
comedy success, "Lady Huntworth's
Experiment," with Miss Hilda Spong in
the title role.
This week's " list ¦ of entertainers at
Fischer's Concert House Includes Irene
Franklin, the clever cornet soloist: Wil
liam Norden, lyric tenor; Arthur Rosell
and Pearl Clough, Juvenile performers:
Dutch "Walton, musical comedian; Maud
Still, Blnging and dancing soubrette; Sey
mour and Hill, acrobatic comedians;
Jones and Brown, colored funmakers, and
Gaffney and Burton, singers and dancers, j
"The Great Diamond Robbery" Is the
attraction that the Central Theater offers
for this week, beginning with to-night.
It is a fascinating melodrama replete with
crisp comedy and good strong situations.
The cast contains the names of all the
most popular Central players, Including
that of Robert Cummings, who returns
this week to the theater. An elaborately
mounted and well-costumed production is
promised. . .:.._..
The blogTaph has some new and Inter
esting pictures, and the holdovers are the
Standard Quartette. ,the Molassa-Salvag
gi eccentric dancers, Alexandra Dagmar,
Oscar Sisson and his company In a mu
sical sketch and Hill and Sllviany, the
marvelous bicyclists.
Continued From Page One.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— The XTnlted
States transport Ingalls, which sailed yes
terday for Manila, returned to-day on ac
count of leaky cargo ports.
Leaky Cargo Ports.
GENEVA, 2*. T., Aug. 11.— Encke's
comet was observed this morning by Dr.
William R. Brooks at Smith's Observa
tory. The comet Is In constellation Gemi
ni in the eastern morning sky. Its posi
tion this morning was- right ascension 6
hours 35 minutes 30 seconds, and declina
tion north 31 degrees 17 minutes. "The
comet Is moving in a southeasterly direc
tion and approaching the sun. It is In
creasing in brightness but ia not visible
without a telescope.
Encke's Comet Observed.
x^ 1 ;,* 110 h ?™e of his wife's father. William
Kistler, in Buffalo. Prairie Township
twenty miles from this city. Judge Har
ney consented to make a statement of the
case for The Call.
"Up to the time I made the decision "
said he, "I was a good judge in the eyes
of the plaintiff's representatives. After
the decision was rendered against them
there began to be muttering3 and hirua
that I was Influenced In my decision and
that a "woman was influencing my course.
Later I was threatened that I would he
ruined and my family broken up if I did
not grant the plaintiff a new trial."
Special Dispatch to The OT1.
ROCK ISLAND. Aug. 11 Judge ®»/l
ward "W. Harney of Burte, Montana, who
has been charged with corruption in the
decision of the famous Minnie Healey
mine case, declared to-day that he was
offered a bribe of a quarter of a million
dollars lr he would decide the case in
favor of the Amalgamated Copper Com
pany.
Harney Says He Refus
ed Fortune From
the Plaintiff.
JUDGE OFFERED
VERY BIG BRIBE
CHICAGCC Aug. IL— Dr. L. C. H. E.
Zeigler, who advertised on Friday for the
bodies of 400 human beings on which he
could operate, has found many persons
who are willing to accept Jils grim offer.
Men and women of all conditions of life—
some for money, some for the sake of sci
ence, some who are tired of the trials of
life— have written to the physician and
asked that he meet them and seal the
bargain.
Dr. Zeigler was kept busy all day yes
terday answering telephone calls, reading
letters and meeting: those who. called In
person to sell all but their souls for the
price of a cart horse.
Zeigler expressed the belief that within
six months, the limit he- has set. he will
obtain the 400 bodies.
The first letter Zeigler opened yesterday
¦was a short one and to the point. It read:
Dear Doctor— I have the roods to deliver. £
j — Manning. 7 West Beethoven. Place. y
Another read:
I will «ign your terms.— P. F. Ejan, 171
South State street.
Then came a letter from, a man who ex
flained why his 'body was on the market.
t was: "I am willing to make the deed,
as I have no Insurance. E. Galvin, 2215
West Huron street."
Zeigler's search for bodies arises from
his desire to prov^hls contention that
surgery can be performed -without an
aesthesia. He has found, he says, that
patients while under the effect of anaes
thetics move and cannot be photographed
clearly. He desires to make photographic
illustrations of tests, and as there are to
be 400 of them, he is anxious to have
cadavers.
Special rHspatcti to The Call.
and Will Get Them.
Four Hundred Cadavers
Dr. Zeigler Advertises for
Many Persons Are Will
ing to Accept . a
Grim Offer.
READY TO SELL
THEIR BODIES
7:45 o'clock this evening. He was sur
rounded by the members of his family and
several intimate friends. The news was
immediately telegraphed to King "Victor
Emmanuel and Queen Helen.
The newspapers assert that the body
•will be conveyed by steamer to Palermo
¦where the" municipal authorities will ar
range for a great public funeral.
It Is rumored that Signor Crispi's will
authorizes a prominent Italian politician
to examine his papers and to publish his
memoirs.
It Is rumored that the documents left
fcy Signor Crispi contain compromising
relations regarding several politicians and
unpublished details concerning the strug
gle for Italian unity and Independence.
Municipal Authorities at Palermo
Will Arrange for a Great Pub
lic Funeral. . .
NAPLES, Aug. 1L— Signor Crisp! died at
SIGNCE. CBISPI DIES '
AFTEB. ALONG ILLNESS
The oil producers assert that they are
ready to meet any phase of competition
which the coal operators may enter upon
and that they can reduce the price of fuel
c.-il to ten cents a barrel, if necessary, and
still make a big profit on the product. At
present the ruling price at Beaumont Is
30 cents a barrel, although some large
contracts have been entered into at 20
cents a barrel.
The capital of the wells of the Beau
mont field already aggregates 1,500.000
barrels of fuel oil daily, and this is being
increased by the development of several
new wells each week. This output is
equal to about 25,000 tons of coal, which
exceeds many times the output of the
coal mines of Texas for the same period.
"ne annual coal production of Texas ag
gregates about 4,400,0*3 tons, of which
750,000 tons are lignite and the remainder
bituminous.
Commission in ordering a. material reduc
tion of freight rates on fuel oil, which
is effective August 29. The oil operators
have outlined a plan for meeting this new
competition. A meeting at which all of
the principal coal and lignite mine oper
ators of Texas, Indian. Territory and Ar
kansas are expected to be present or rep
resented will be held in Austin or Dallas
•within the next few days for the purpose
of arranging: a concerted plan for fighting
the oil producers. It is proposed to re
duce the price of coal and lignite through
out the territory in Texas where the oil
is likely to be used for fuel to a figure
that will shut out oil competition. The
object of the coal operators is to take
prompt action before the manufacturers
ca.ii arrange to substitute oil for coal. The
Railroad «Jv>iiimissJon will also be asked
to reduce the freight rates on coal and
IJETiite.
AtJSTIX. Tex.. Aug. U.— The fight be
tween the coal operators and the Beau
mont fuel oil producers is on In earnest
as a result of the action of the Railroad
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
Struggle for Supremacy
to Reduce the Price
of Fuel.
COIL OPERATORS
FIGHT OIL MEN
" 'Gentlemen, perhaps you knew that
England was with you, but you have no
idea of what England really did for you.
I was on leave when the Spanish-Ameri
can war broke out. and together with
several other officers was immediately or
dered back to duty. We had at two points
sixty-three of our ships waiting to be or
dered out in case of any naval demon
stration being made against the United
States by other powers. If any such dem
onstration had been made we would have
headed them off.' "
"Though not being a lover of war, I
think that many of us have learned to
thank God that the conflict with Spain
was forced upon us. It has shown the
world what we are. We can also thank
hint for the love Qf England In that mat
ter, fcr, although we knew of England's
friendship, perhaps you have no Idea of
the extent of her friendship or her love.
Last winter, when at Barbadoes, we
found the West Indian British fleet there,
and invited one of the British naval offi
cers of high rank on board of our chip
to dine with us. The conversation turned
on the powers opposed to us during the
¦war with Spain, and the British officer
exclaimed:
NEW YORK. Aug. 1L— Chaplain H. W.
Jones, TT. S. N.. spoke to-nigrht In the
Church of the Strangers, this city, on
"The Life and Work of a Chaplain of the
Navy." Incidentally, he told a story bear
ing: on the relations of England toward
the Cnlted States during the Spanish-
American War. He said In this connec
tion:
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
Had a Fleet Massed to Give
Aid if Other Powers Be
came Hostile.
Chaplain Jones Tells of
Her Attitude During
Spanish Trouble! ;
ENGLAND'S LOVE
FOR UNCLE SAM
Appearing before you in this hour of festive
congregation, no exalted sentiment of pride
or triumph forces itself upon my lips, only
the modest sensation of joy and gratitude, that
a significant undertaking could ultimately be
carried to a satisfactory, solutions On behalf
of the members of the association I accept the
completed monument from the custody of the
executive committee. The German-American
population lending moral and practical sup
port to our enterprise should find gratification
in our ultimate success. To those, however, who
were actively and fearlessly engaged with me
during a number of years In the promotion
and accomplishment of our object, I wish to
express at this hour and under these surround
ings, my most emphatic and slncerest appro-
President Bundschu accepted the trust
in a strong address. He advanced amid
applause, walking arm in arm with May
or Phelan. The two were warmly greeted
by the thousands below, and when the ap
plause had subsided President Bundschu
delivered the dedicatory, address. The
first part was in German and the perora
tion in which he introduced Mayor Phe
lan was In English. He said:
Accomplished 6tands, what during long tran
sition
Has called for faithfulness and strong sup
port —
Behold! at last success has crowned ambition!
In hopeful confidence we struggled forth,
Resolved to win, we dared and never feared
That at some future time we would succeed.
This day suspense and doubt have disappeared.
Before us stands In sunshine's realm— the
deed!
President Bundschu's Address.
The laurel wreath held by both men sym
bolizes the unity of their genius. In their
ideal features we ssem to recognize the intel
lectual culture -which we owe to them. The
spiritual unity which they have given to the
German people we exchange, here on the
shores cf the Pacific, for • the noble civiliza
tion which is being evolved In constant ad
vance by the irreat American republic. Glad
ly we undertook the task of procuring this
monument; most gladly we now give to you
the completed work, feeling that we have
erected a monument to the liberty of the
human mind, a monument to the liberty of
human' thought.
To being > photographed, but if . you have
one of our newest model Premo, Pocoior
Eastman, Cameras you. can take 'snap
shots of all subjects from 1 kings to „ pa
pooses. Fresh photographic supplies ¦• and
novelties of all kinds." Sanborn, Vail: &
Co., 741 Market street. sliSst^&fc!!^
Royalty Objects
? T £? s , 1 l erlf £ asked that the approaches
to the city should be watched, as the bur
glar might make his way in this direction
Detectives; Reynolds, and McMahon were
at headquarters at the time, and at once
started out to look for. the cracksman?
A telephone message was received at
police headquarters yesterday morning
shortly before 6 o'clock' from Sheriff
Mansfield, Redwood City, that the post
offlce^ at San Mateo had been entered
about 5 o'clock by a burglar, who had
blown oaen the safe and stolen $100
«he man was described as tall and slim"
about 25 years of age, and of smooth
face He wore a dark suit of clothes and
cowboy hat. and had on a belt and re'
SAN MATEO POSTOFFICE
ENTEBEITBY A BURGLAR
of enjoyins the .thought and the -work of all
men who have gone before.- As the poet has
written, we are "The heirs of all the ages in
the foremost flies of time." From these, our
possessions, the common property of mankind,
we can draw at will. From the exalted posi
tion which it is our good fortune to occupy,
native genius may soar, and on the sure
foundation of past accomplishment native skill
may safely build.
To appropriate, however, the work of other
men or even to take the legacy which is ours,
without expressing pbllgation to our benefac
tors, would prove us selfish and unworthy. So
to-day we are assembled to pay a tribute,
which Is the due of genius, to the great mas
ter minds of Germany, Goethe and Schiller.
They are ours because we make them ours.
Their genius was . so transcendent that they
belong to the world, but proud is the mother
of her sons and proud to-day is the land of
their birth.
- You who came from Germany speak for your
native land; I for our cosmopolitan city — but
who shall speak for art, poetry and science?
Who shall speak for the glory of mankind?
Who Is able to fittingly express the whole debt
of gratitude we owe to mortals such as these?
Yet little did they dream in the wildest
imaginings of Fancy's flight that they w'oulJ
be honored by a monument In bronze by
the far shores of the Pacific. But be it known
to the lasting credit of their fellow country
men who have distinguished themselves In the
upbuilding of the West, that, although sep
arated by a sea and a continent from the
Fatherland, they have during their pilgrimage
carried within their hearts, as the arc of the
covenant, their love, and reverence for Ger
many's greatest names.
Goethe and Schiller loved each other.- There
fore this portrait group shall stand for manly
friendship as well as fame. It will inspire our
youth.. It \wlll adorn our park as ions as
time will spare it from. the ravages of decay.
Here, situated among the flowers so dear to
Goethe, it will serve to awaken our love of
the world's best • literature and our apprecia
tion of its most brilliant exponents.
How dear to us is our Shakespeare, who has
peopled our minds as with living men and
women, representing every human passion and
emotion. He was venerated by Goethe and
Schiller and should stand by their side. . .-
Then let this monument be but the begin
ning of San Francisco's tribute to the great
minds of the world. Let this Concert .Valley
be a temple of fame. Then will the blooms
of flowers and the voice of music on every
holiday bespeak our gratitude and praise.
We thank our German ! fellow citizens for
having suggested the thought and for giving
It such beautiful expression In this work of
their great sculptor, Riethschel, thus wedding
art, literature and the Fatherland in a com
mon memorial. ¦ • " ¦
Apart from the consslcuous services which
our citizens of German extraction have, ren
dered this country in every field of human
activity, why should not', the Fatherland have
a memorial? We have been accustomed to
boast of our Ansrlo-Saxon civilization and it
is true the land of Shakespeare 'has given
much to* the world, but back of England were
the r>eoi>le who have given that country its
name as well as Its distinction, the Angles
and the Saxons, who were German tribes and
whose superior prowess wrested the possession
of that country from the native Britons, f
So, whatever benefits ¦ have been conferred
upon America by Anglo-Saxon civilization, its
origin must be sought in. the ancestors of the
men who • here to-day glorify | the greatest
minds which the Teutonic races have -de
veloped. _ It is the blending of > all people that
has given supremacy to America, and it is a
pleasing office we have to-day to acknowledge
our obligation and Epeak our thanks.
Acceptance of monument.
Park Commissioner McDonald made a
brief address of acceptance in behalf of
the Commissioners. He said future i gen
erations would revere the monument and
express their debt of gratitude to the Ger
man-American citizens for their magnifi
cent tribute to their Illustrious country
men. He expressed the hope that : the
monument would be a bond of sympathy
between the American people and their
brothers from across the sea. ; -'
After the reading by M. Greenblatt of
a poem written by the late Theodore
Klrchhoff , Professor Ewald Fluegel de-.
livered an oration in German. He spoke
as follows:, : ., ¦¦'
• ¦ On this most Joyous and most glorious day
ever celebrated by the German citizens of Cali
fornia, before the pedestal of this most noble
monument, looking upon numberless proud and
enthusiastic men, upon this blooming landscape
and upon this mighty ocean, it is difficult for
one to master his emotions sufficiently to glv«
expression to the solemnity of the hour. 1 What
Monuments are of greatest import; the best
Berlin and Athens have is their monuments
and the spirit that begot them.
What delisht to have Rletschel's great mas
terwork at. our very doors'. Invisible spiritual
threads connect henceforth San Francisco and
Weimar where the original monument stands
and where the immortal poets rest side by side
This undertaking will in future lead to
similar ones in our State. The German 'literary
culture in our country will be elevated The
noble unselfishness of the work, built not for
the Germans, no, but as the best elft ¦»»
could think of to present to our land TVe
spot where It stands in Golden Gate Park Is a
most remarkable one and fit to be the abori*
of the poets of cosmic literature. As the Wt*
are represented In their phenomenal- friendship:
«o may It ever be a token of noble friendship
between our new and our old fatherland!
An interesting address was also deliv
ered by Professor Julius Goebel of the
State University. The programme included
a flute and horn solo by W OestrVinht
and O. Schlott; and : selections from Wa?I
ner, Beethoven. Bizet, Gillet and Titi *fn
excellent festival poem, written by Df F
K. Castelhun ; • was . read by MlsV m,m,"
Castelhun. The singing of "Die W*££
am Rheln" l>y the *audi2nce wal^ tbl
c^ng m number,of: a -highly eri&nSj
The most delightful element in the present
work is its ideally Imperishable character; the
monument was built without consideration of
profit or gain, but solely for the elevation of
mankind.
. This is a memorable day in the history of
our city and of our State, Such noble tasks
are elevatinsr, so we shall undertake more In
the future; monuments will be built to other
poets.
Professor Albin Putzker of' the State
University delivered a strong address on
the subject of the unveiling of the Goethe-
Schiller monument. In substance he said:
We feel happy to-day because in perfect
union we accomplished a great work.
A Great "Work Accomplished.
_ Therefore be proud to-day, thou song-inspired
uerman heart! A monument around which the
love of an entire nation has woven the nimbus
of eternal veneration has risen anew in rejuve
nated form here where the seed of German life
has generated into roots and fruit-bearing
trees under the powerful influences of this grea*
republican commonwealth. 6
Goethe and Schiller's dominating power in the
direction of the development of ideal thought
has been honored and recognized by every
cultured race. Their beautiful creations have
been transplanted by philologists and thinkers
into almost every language, and especially
English and American literature shows a pro
found admiration for their classical genius.
Goethe's earnest, progressive Intuition and his
poetical Idealization of human individuality,
and Schiller's noble, reformatory inspiration for
the pure spirit of liberty against servitude and
inherited prerogatives have placed the poet
friends of "Weimar in the front rank of cosmo
politan significance. Their spirit has followed
us across the bcean, and to-day we lowered
our banners before their noble images, modeled
by artist's touch, and where the waves of the
great Pacific Ocean roar their everlasting mel
ody we placed the wreaths and flowers of our
Golden State at the feet of .immortal genius.
May the blissful Influence of their sublime
thoughts be felt in many ways, may the scope
of their recognition be broadened and may their
plastic representation In Golden Gate Park in
spire and encourage all our citizens to the
great task of the American nation, fostering
the elevation ' and advancement of the entire
human race.
members of the . Monument Association
occupied seats on the platform. c^" 011
n^S °P« nl "f address was by President
Charles Bundschu. He spoke of the exer
cises at the park in the afternoon and
referred to the day as an important one
l or * Vi e S ern l an " Amerlcans of this city
£. the Paclflc Coast. In conclusion, he
saiu;
Evening Festival Exercises.
v The Goethe-Schiller festival ' exercises
took place at Native Sons' Hall last even
ing. A large audience of representative
Germans was present. Among. the invited
guests present was President" 'Benjamin
Ide Wheeler: of the State University. An
attractive programme was rendered. -
The hall was beautifully* decorated for
the occasion. The stage was fairly buried
in < flowers > and palms, and about It, sus
pended from, the proscenium, hung the
American and German colors. Leading
Dr. C. M. Rlchter, I. Gutte. Joseph Branden
steln. Dr. F. C. Castelhun, Henry Epstein Dr
Max Magnus, I* S. Rose, A. Herbst. L. Schar
enberg, Charles Drescher, - F. vW. Dohrmann
Dr. Gustav Gutsch, J. G. B. Broemmel, Robert
Capelle. John L. - Koster. E. C. Prlber. John
H. Sievers, A. Entzmann. Charles Rehn, C.
Kuss and C. Trautner. ". .,
Charles Bundschu. president; M. Greenblatt
first vice president; Professor A. Putzker, sec
ond vice president; F.' C.Sieba, treasurer- M
Kollmann, , corresponding secretary: Cesar
Bertheau, financial secretary; M: Berghelm
recording . secretary.
, The members of the executive and un
veiling committee were:
The officers of the day. were:
At the close of the oration the "Sol
diers .Chorus" was sung and the bedeck
ing of the monument with wreaths was be
gun. The Krelger Verein marched at the
head of the procession and presented
arms before President Bundschu and
Mayor Phelan, who followed in advance
of N the celebration committee and the
members of the singing societies, .which
contributed the wreaths. These were
banked against the granite base of the
monument, and when the officers and
guests had properly grouped themselves
photographs of the scene were taken by
a dozen camera artists. This ended the
dedication exercises for the. afternoon.
Closing- Ceremonies.
The speaker dwelt on the Infinite practi
cal importance of this thought, which
should become a living force In the daily
life of each one of us. as was the case in
the lives of these "heroes of song and
thought." Dr. Fluegel, finally referred to
the fact that Germany, though torn by
ages of dissension, may point with pride
to several such pairs of famous friends,
who have been honored by double monu
ments—Luther and Melancthon, Hutten
and Sickingen and the brothers Grimm,
connected as much by common ideals as
by ties of blood, and, lastly, the great
scholars and discoverers, Gauss and
Weber. "Of all I these monuments," he
said/ "the one to Goethe and Schiller ap
peals; most strongly to our hearts and is
the noblest gift which the citizens of Ger
man descent, could offer to this city and
State, and, indeed, to the American na
tion."
The speaker gave an account of the his
tory ' of their acquaintance and rising
friendship. He dwelt upon the coolness
and apparent antipathy which kept them
apart for years. At last. • in June, 1794,
they accidentally met at the session of a
learned society at Jena, and while walking
home together in the night 'they for the
first time "discovered one another."
Goethe dated in epoch of .his life, a new
spring, from this day. J Schiller received
a new inspiration. They met late in the
journey of life, but, as Schiller said: "The
last companions on a long journey always
have the most to tell one another."
Goethe in his large-hearted way then pro
posed that they should henceforth "live
and work as friends, together forming one
whole," each supplementing the other.
In conclusion the speaker quoted Schil
ler's saying: "In striving to recognize ex
cellence there is no liberty but love." This
sentiment, he said, found 'an echo In
Goethe's magnificent words: "Ta recog
nize the divine wherever and In whatever
form it is revealed Is the only true hap
piness on earth."
Perhaps it would be appropriate to select a
subject for this address from one of their many
sayings, or to give a picture of their Indi
viduality, or to speak of their importance to
the literature of Germany and ¦ of the world,
but it Is the union, the friendship of the two
upon which I desire to dwell. Their friendship
appears, after all,- to be the greatest achieve
ment and glory of their lives.
Friendship of the Poets. i.
a flood of memories arise within us as we con
template these bronze statues. Every one who
Is here to-day knows, reveres and loves these
immortals. Each one of you remembers some
of their immortal sayings, their mighty
thoughts. At the mere mention of Goethe and
Schiller thoughts and Images arise within you
which have been your companions ¦ since your
earliest youth.
_Mayor Phelan next accepted the' monu
ment in behalf of the city and county of
San Francisco. He spoke as follows;
On behalf of the citizens of Ban Francisco. I
accept this' beautiful; group of statuary from
our German- American ¦ citizens, ¦ whose thought
ful generosity I desire In the , name of all our
people to gratefully < acknowledge. ,
This srlft will suggest many things to the
casual observer who ¦ seeks these shades * for
recreation. He . will realize that 8an Fran
cisco la a little .world In itself. Men from
every land have made it their home. .''They
brlns their culture and ? their skill ¦ as con
trlbutlcns to the city.- of which .they ¦ have be
oome by right of citizenship an active and pat
riotic part, g Thus do we possess the spirit of
every land 1 and proudly boast" of V our ¦ cos
mopolitan character. • •'. . -'••.,¦
Provincialism alone Is a stranger within our
gates. Liberality of thought and toleration of
views and - customs, of - others have softened
ancient animosities and there exist among us,
eb a people, * perfect freedom and good fellow
ship. :•¦ -¦¦- \: ... ¦'¦"¦'.' :
Jl now country, has the splendid advantage
As President Bundschu gave the order
to unveil the ' monument all eyes -were
turned toward the terrace where the
double statue, resting on. a massive base
of granije, stood. Standing in front of the
monument, her hands tightly clutching a
rope, was Miss ¦ Anna Prlber, garbed , in
white. At the signal she gave several
vigorous tugs at the rope and the white
veil slowly divided in front, revealing the
figures of Goethe and Schiller- to the gaze
of the multitude. In another instant the
heroic "figures, with brows uplifted, re
flected the light of the sun and received
the first greetings of an admiring multi
tude. Women waved their handkerchiefs,
men their hats, and from hundreds of
throats a mighty "Hoch!" arose. The
silent figures, so majestic In their rigid
ity, yet seeming to be imbued with life,
looked eastward, as if in a dream of the
Fatherland. . ;.j. . :. . ; -..>
It was an inspiring . spectacle and will
not readily • be forgotten ) by those who
witnessed it. .— .- ' ;.-;;•¦*---¦• . ,
The Monument Unveiled.
Unveiling the statue In the name . of the
Goethe-Schiller Monument Association, I com
mend the. same to the guardianship of ' present
and future generations. The veil may drop!
May our fellow citizens accept this token of
our love and esteem In ¦ the broad spirit of
kindliness in which it has been conceived and
in which it is now tendered to. his Honor the
Mayor of the city and county of San Fran
cisco. ¦-:,-'¦'
This ¦work of art transplants to these beau
ful grounds of our adopted city a soulful and
historical reminiscence of the greatest period
of German literature— a period that enlightened
and advanced their people and strengthened
their sons and daughters in the fulfillment of
their sovereign duties toward themselves and
toward their fellow men.
And thus it may stand as a dreamlike ap
parition of the Old World, as a venerable re
membrance of a consecrated spot in the Middle
States of Germany, as the representative of
the glorious literary epoch of a great and en
lightened nation, as a grave reminder to many
to preserve as far as possible within their kin
the spirit, the advantages and the blessings of
the language of Goethe and Schiller and final
ly as an acceptable embellishment and artistic
addition to these most beautiful surroundings
on the shores of the Pacific. .
"Dedicated to the City of San Francisco by
Citizens of German Descent of California, in'
the Year Nineteen Hundred and One," pro
claims the inscription on this beautiful monu
ment and thus wo are assembled to-day to
unveil and convey through you, Mr. Mayor,
the result of our modest ambition. Inuring the
festive days of the California Midwinter In
ternational Exposition, when over 80,000 people
assembled on these very grounds on which- we
stand, to celebrate "German Day," the resolu
tion prevailed to erect In Golden Gate Park a
lasting monument to commemorate and sym
bolize the forceful Influences and cheerful par
ticipation of citizens of German descent In the
development of the physical and intellectual
resources of this great commonwealth. A du
plicate of the beautiful popular statue, .mod
eled by the eminent sculptor, Ernst Rletschel,
and erected by the German nation In the quaint
old city of Weimar in the year 1857, was unan
imously selected. The name of Weimar, where
Goethe and Schiller lived and worked together
in harmony, and where they died, Is Indeli
bly Inscribed in the heart of the German people
and In the mind of every civilized nation on
the globe.
What It Stands For.
elation for their personal endeavors. To all
the German-American organizations, to the
representatives of the press, to the past and
present Park Commissioners and . to my col
leagues I would say: Contemporaneous and fu
ture generations will gratefully recognize your
laudable efforts In giving generous assistance
toward the erection of this worthy monument
to two of the foremost classical exponents of
progressive humanity.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, AUGUST 12, 1901.
SCENE FROM THE PLAT NOW BEING PRESENTED AT THE CALIFORNIA THEATER BY THE NEi^L COM
PANY. THE OTHER TWO ILLUSTRATIONS ARE , THOSE OF THE STAR OF THE ALCAZAR THEATER
AND ONE OF THE CLEVER ACTRESSES APPEARING AT THE ORPHEUM.
likely to prove more than com
mon popular. "The Royal Box" la the
latest adaptation *ot the old Dumas play
"Kean"— titled "Sullivan" in its Spanish
and Italian arrangements, by the way—
and is adapted, remodeled and rewritten
by Charles Coghlan.
Instead of Kean, Mr. Coghlan has built
his play about James Clarence, an actual
or supposed popular actor of London at
the beginning of the nineteenth century.
Clarence admire? a lady of the court.
Countess Felssnx, who has the Idle so
ciety woman's admiration for the popular
idol, and in a degree compromises herself
for him. The Countess also counts the
Prince of Wales, "the first gentleman of
Europe," among- her admirers, and Clar
ence, the actor, sees fit to be jealous of
him. The Prince ia also Clarence's very
good friend, and is faithful to the friend
ship even after Clarence's Jealousy has
permitted him publicly to denounce the
A QUAINT and picturesque play Is
"The Hoyal Box," the Nelll com
pany's bill at the California
Theater this week, and a bill
By Guisard.
"THE ROYAL BOX, " COUGHLAN'S ADAPTION FROM DUMAS'
DRAMA, SCORES SPLENDID SUCCESS AT THE CALIFORNIA
UNVEILING OF THE- GOETHE-SCHIIM MONUMENT IN THE PRESENCE OF A MULTITUDE OF GERMAN-AMERICANS
2
WT^ Ur*\ y° u could mdi / <^f^ n sil
I foi^ nothing C i
V '^to^ better tk^
//For Steaks, AllV^r V Y
{/ Chops Rshei-c Grocers \]
_ Whatever you drink out- ffjaj
side, let your home beer be pg5
Schlitz. That is pure beer.
No bacilli in it — nothing to §VH
make you bilious. fti
Beer "is a saccharine pro- |?§|
duct, and the germs multiply
rapidly in it. The slightest WM
taint of impurity quickly PN
ruins its healthfulness. p§H
We go to the utmost ex- ||||
tremes to prevent that, g^
Cleanliness is a science fvj
where Schlitz beer is brewed,
We even cool the beer in i&Sfl
plate glass rooms in nothing g^ja .
Then we filter the beer. Wo-Si
Then we sterilize every Kj&|
And Schlitz beer is aged, gjgj
The beer that makes you wyS
bilious is green beer. ivi
When you order a beer B^
foryourhome,getthehealth- |^
fulness without the harm. WS
Get a pure beer— get an old Fr
beer— get Schlitz. Call for R&
the Brewery Bottling. jf&
1*l>one Main «7, Sherwood &Sher- rNO
wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco b^HSAN JOSE, Aug. It— No feature -will
be overlooked In the comlns cele
bration of Admission day at San
Jose on the 7th, 8th and 9th of the
orchestras will discourse (tweet musio for.
the promenade, the - banquet and .the
aance. There will b« a band In attend*
ance at the barbecue of Sunday* In the
* ¦ . '
Committees of Native Sons at the Garden City Make Arrangements
for a Great Mustek Programme on Admission Day* »
RARE MELQDY FROM NOTED BANDS
TO 6lVE PLEASURE TO VISITORS
THREE OF THE PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE ON MU
SIC, WHO ARE THOSE ARRANGING , FOR THJEN. S. G. W. CELE-,
" "BRA.TION AT SAN JOSE. ¦'. i :
Continued From Page One.
Continued From. Page One.
Sons' celebration has about completed its
arrangements for this important part of
the entertainment. It is composed of G.
B. Cottle (chairman), G. M. Kelley and
Emile -Levy. , ------
ROYAL ASSEMBLAGE HDSDRS DEAD
JUSTIFIES THE ACTION OF SCHLEY
tee has contracted for music to be sup-
plied on every morning, afternoon and
evening of the celebration. Besides this
there will be a great many bands and
orchestras that will arrive with visiting
delegations
There will be all of a dozen bands ush-
ering in the celebration when the guests
arrive on the Saturday of the celebration,
These will escort the various delegations
of Native Sons, Native Daughters and
Pioneers to their respective headquarters,
But the music will not stop here. Bands of
music will head the many delegations as
they go from parlor to parlor extending
greeting and welcome. Within the halls
afternoon and evening there will be sa
cred concerts • given at St., James and
Vendome parks. .
In the parade of Monday there will be
from ten to twenty bands, not to mention
the many drum, bugle and fife corps. The
grand ball will, of course, be the main
social occasion of the festivities, and the
music for the dance wilr\be the best that
can be obtained. If the other features of
the celebration are as well perfected as
are the musical features this celebration
will have reached that plane of successful
entertainment that is seldom met with in
the experience of the pleasure-seeker
The music committee of the Native
JOLIET, HI., Aug. 1L— Four local lodges
of the Amalgamated Association, which
Includes the skilled mechanics and work
men of the Illinois Steel Company plant
In Joliet to-day discussed the strike at
length and finally took a secret ballot on
the question of striking. The ballot re
pulted In a decision to disregard President
Shaffer's order to strike.
NEW YORK, Aug. 1L— The Building
Trades Council, the HousesmlthB' Union
and the Bridgemen's Union of this city,
adopted resolutions last night pledging
the moral and financial support of the or
ganizations to the steel workers. It was
also decided to refuse to handle all prod
ucts of the United States* Steel Corpora
tion which have been manufactured since
the strike was declared.
Support to Steel-Workers.
2Tew York Labor Organizations Pledge
FDTAITCIAL ATT> FOR STBIKKKS.
John Hasty, a colored teamster, em
ployed on the Pacific Mail dock, was at
tacked by about twenty strikers at Post
and Kearny streets about 6 o'clock yes
terday morning. They knocked him down
and kicked him on the face and body.
Detective Hamlll and two policemen hap
pened to b© passing on a car and they
Jumped off and ran to Hasty' s assistance.
The strikers scattered, but two of them,
Daniel Goodwin, a teamster, and Fred
Griffin, a stevedore, were arrested and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
battery.
C. Phillips, a colored barber, working at
143 Larkln street, arrived at the Emer
gency Hospital at 8 o'clock yesterday
morning in charge of Officer Noltlng and
was treated by Dr. Bauer for several
scalp wounds and other injuries about the
head and face. Under both eyes were two
deep cuts, looking as if a sharp instru
ment had been used. Phillips stated that
he was attacked by a number of men on
Fourth street at an early hour while on
his way to his residence, at 243 Third
street Some one of the gang shouted out
that he was a scab. At that he was
struck from behind and knocked down
and beaten. Ho could not identify any of
the men who beat him. After being
treated he was taken away by his friends.
Strikers Under Arrest.
"Have you a non-union crew?" was the
first thing the captain heard when the lit
tle boat pulled vp close to his vessei.
The captain was evidently nonplussed
for a time and did not answer. The ques
tion was repeated, and this time the cap
tain evidently understood, for he turned
around and speke hastily to one of the
men standing near him. The latter disap
peared for a moment, and when he reap
peared he had a 6hotgun in-his hands.
The captain took the gun from him, tak
ing good care that his movements were
made in full view of the pickets. The
sight of the gun convinced the pickets
that non-unionism prevailed.
They informed the captain that they
were also armed and would not stand any
bluff. Neither would the captain, who
threw the gun to his shoulder and said:
"This is not a bluff. Get out quick, or I
will shoot."
The Winkleman docked a few hours
later, her crew undisturbed.
There was very little work clone on the
water front yesterday. The George W.
Elder cleared for Portland and the Cura
cao got away on her voyage to Mexican
ports. There was not a pound of freight
handled on the Mail or Oceanic docks, and
on the Oregon and Broadway docks only
a few men were working.
The union pickets patrolling the bay in
search of vessels supposed to have or to
be waiting for non-union crews had a
lively experience with Captain Guttmor
sen of the barkentine Mary "Winkleman
yesterday. The vessel had hardly got
within the harbor when she was hailed by
the pickets, who patrolled the bay in
Whitehall boats. The hall was answered
in true nautical style, and Captain Gutt
morsen shortened sail and awaited the ar
rival of the small boat alongside.
Patrol With Shotgun.
Master of Mary Winkleman. Answers
C APTAIK" GTJTTMOESEN" IS GAME.
At the close of the remarks of the visit
ing teamsters a member of the Brother
hood of Teamsters of Sacramento ad
dressed the meeting. He informed the
strikers that their every move was
watched by the members of the Sacra
mento union, and told them that every
member of the union was in sympathy
with them. He urged them to remain
true to union principles and to make
every effort to win the battle now on. He
assured them that the Sacramento team
sters stood ready to back them with
financial aid.
A delegation from tho Brotherhood of
Teamsters attended the meeting and all
the members of the delegation delivered
addresses.
There will be' no reversal of the order
Issued by the Labor Council under which
the Band teamsters joined the army of
strikers. This was determined upon at a
meeting of the Sand Teamsters' Union
held at 1159 Mission street yesterday. The
meeting was largely attended and was an
enthusiastic one. The members discussed
at length the efforts made by the con
tractors to secure the return to work of
the teamsters employed in keeping the
streets of the city clean, and when the
question was put to a vote every .member
present voted to remain out.
Considerable enthusiasm was aroused
by the appearance of Ed Rosenberg, ¦ sec
retary of the Labor Council. Rosenberg
delivered an address, in which he informed
the members of the Band Teamsters'
Union of the condition of the laboring
man who walked out in, support of the
cause of labor. He discussed the situation
at length and told the members of the
union to stand fast, as the organizations
which they were supporting out of sym
pathy were looking to them for a show
of determination.
SA.N1> TEAMSTERS ITRKE.
Will Not Permit Members to Do
Street "Work.
th» toycott by employers are eattally tIcIoub
In spirit and destructive la results. Unionism
related by a. true American conscience, not
destroyed, is alone feasible. Our city is being
seriously^injured. Trade 1» tailing; off. the
crojjs are ejdKns. the fruit t» ""ting and
there is no more prospect of ending the strike
Ao* than when it flrst began. The men on
both sides have before them f J^P 1 ** °£ *£
bltmUon Jn England. France, the contln ent of
Surfape and the United States. There Is really
n« Question of wages, only a Question, of the
authority of unionism before us.
I tor&y God that in the name ot suffering: hu
man}™; lnthetoterest of Peaceful Industry and
in the name of th» common grood the s^rit of
war now reigning in our city may surrender
to a spirit of conciliation and that this disas
trous strike may be brought Bpeedily to an
end* ,-KV"-;:
Rev. Dr- Rader Makes Plea From Pulpit for Settle
ment of the Strike and Condemns Coercion,
i Whether by Employer or Employe.
AT a representative meeting of
the Federation cC Improvement
Clubs held yesterday afternoon at
1SQS Polk street It was determined
that the federation should still
continue the eSorts which It had been
making to bring about an adjustment of
the present labor troubles. The plan cf
action will be pursued in. a broader and
mere systematic m&nneft The meeting
decided to increase the conciliatory com
mittee from Id to 100 members. In order
that It might hare more weight with the
contending parties and that there might
bo a sufficient number from which to ap
point sub-committees to more thoroughly
Investigate the status of the trouble* It
was also euggested that tha committee
should establish Its headquarters in the
central portion o£ the clt}%
The Improvement clubs of the city were
well represented at the meeting, and. there
were preeent delegate* from the Retail
Dealers' Association and from, the labor
unions. Although the meeting: was called
for the express purpose of formulating a
plan for the settlement of the present
Etrike, the discussion assumed a broader
ground, and the subject of compulsory
arbitration was considered.
William J. Kenny of the Cycle Board
of Trade, who addressed the meeting', ad
vocated the formatoin of a retail deal
ers' association for the purpose of ap
pealing to the Employers' Association
from a mor« practical standpoint. In his
address Mr. Kenny said:
"The retailers must come together _ in
this fight and Bhow the employer* that
they are the principal losers. Thero is
no doubt that the solution of this (jues :
tion rests In the hands of the Employers
Association, and the only way to bring
them to their senses is to address them
through their pocketbooke.
have to show them that they are losing
their business— that the%- are slaying the
goose that lays the golden egg.
Thomas I* Wilson, fourth vice presi
dent of the International Association of
Machinists, explained the conditions
against which the machinists in their
strike are forced to contend. He Bald
that the machinists have wnceded all
that they can possibly concede, and that
the question had narrowed down to a
simple demand on the part of the ma
chinists for a nine-hour day with ten
hours' pay— a question, he said, which
could not be arbitrated or compromised.
He claimed that the labor leaders, in
stead of being agitators were the means
of lnducinsr the employes to moderate
theJr demands and to preserve tho peace
while on strike. He said San Francisco
was threatened with a loss of her great
machine plants, which, he declared,
might go to Seattle If the strikers were
not treated with justice. In closing he
requested the members of the improve
ment clubs, if they took sides with either
of the factions, to support that side which
would appreciate their efforts.
Addresses were also made by T). R.
McNeill. William H. Barnes, John A. Mil
ler and Charles Alpers. Joseph Rochield
acted as chairman of the meeting, and
¦will appoint the additional members of
tae conciliatory committee.
CAUSE OF THE THIED PAETY.
Rev. T>r. Eader Urges From Pulpit
That Strike Be Settled.
The Rev. Dr. William Rader of the First
Congregational Church preached a sermon
last night on the labor troubles which are
at present disrupting the Industrial peace
of the city. He took the side of the third
party, the general public, including the
fanners and orchardists. He said in part:
The side of the strike perceptible to us Is a
picture of loss and destruction. If you stand
too near the firing line your eyes will be blind
ed by the powder flashes and battle smoke.
The rotting- fruit and gTain. the idle wheels,
the horses pasturing In the country, the un
e-srept streets, the policemen upon the drays —
these ma.ke up the dark side of this struggle.
The problem of labor is being solved in trib
ulation. War :s resorted to and In war some
body suffers. For the time being the gospel cf
broiherhood Is as idle, as the strikers, and a
process of starvation is resorted to that one
party may win. It is probable that America
will witness civil insurrections In the future
of immense meaning-. As the storm purifies
the air. so &o strikes sometimes restore health
to the body politic. No settlement arrived at
now will be fundamental. It will be an expe
dient.
Two Sides to Question.
As to the local situation, I have- little or
r.otbln? to say. There are two sides to the
<jueetlor^ Each has its complaist, each its ar
gument. We are facing a condiuon rather than
a theory. It will do no good, to bold mass
meetings or call names. Let us keep th«
church out of the controversy. "We must solve
our own problem. The duty of every man is
to cultivate the eober mind and to stand by
the administration of the city in it» efforts to
have law and order. Let us trust the dtlzen
ehip of respectable labor. Archbishop Ireland
expresses ray vie we. He said: "To employes
entering willingly into a 6trike the matter is
one cf their own personal concern, and others
have but to concede them their personal right
to act In such manner as they wlU. Men are
the masters of their bands and of their labor,
rrovided they understand the consequences that
follow and are satisfied to accept and endure
euch consequence*. But while the right to en
ter upon a strike is and must be conceded as
a right belonging to the personal freedom of
wonungmen, this must be ever demanded —
and in the name of the 6&me- principle of per
sonal freedom under which men may refuse to
work— that they who may cease to work must
In no way Interfere with the liberty of others
who may wish to work. The personal freedom
of the Individual citizen is the most sacred
ar.d precious inheritance, of Americans."
Revolution Is Certain.
That there li ecmething radically wrong In
modern Industry nobody will deny. The con
centration of wealth has created the concen
tration of labor. The one la the reflection of
the other. To-a have seen the mountain re
flected In the clear lake. If you look into
unionism you will eee outlined the gigantic
trurts. Fire Is fought with fire, federation
with federation, trust with tract. Out of tfils
contest ¦will come the Inevitable revolution
es eure ee the tides rise and fall. There was
never a time when America so much needed
& great man to settle the contest between labor
crA capital.
Coercion Is Un-American.
There is unfortunately no central authority
by -wWch the trust may be limited or the union
restrained. Self --will la having great - license.
The third party has no court of appeal. The
women end children in the city, the email mer
chant, the consumer*, the ranchman sitting
try bis rotten fruit In our rich valleys, these
fcare no central authority to TfBich to appeal.
They can esly Trait until one party gives in,
end n>» lueue Is settled properly If settled on
a bad* of physical endurance. The unsettled
rtrlke i« a criticism upon democratic Kovern
rneut. The revolution now souaflins through
the nations of the earth is a desire for in
dustrial democracy, through seme form of co
operation, locking toward a just distribution of
¦wealth.
E«f©re w« can expect to reach a point of
conciliation there msit b« eliminated the un-
American spirit ot coercion. Men -who nse
compulsion to right wrong* ought not object
to compulsory nettlement by the State. War
1b not a good way to settle labor dlffletfltlea.
The labor problem will never be sol-red Jn that
¦war. It must be (settled rlgfct. The eympa
thetlc strike on the eld* of tha -workmen and
MEDIATION IS DISCUSSED
BY IMPROVEMENT CLUBS
Need- a dress suit case, traveling roll,
trunk,: valise, comb, brush, • lap ¦ tablet,
pocketbook, 'card' case, bill book, camera
or anything else in leather? If you want
the best and would like to have ¦' your
name lettered in jrold ¦ on fine leather
goods, free, call at Sanborn & Vail's, 741
Market Btreet. - •
Well, Did You Ever
. TACOMA, Aug. 11.— The steamship Iduz
ml Maru brings news from Hongkong of
the drowning of thousands of Chinese iri
the Kwangsl province by the sudden ris
ing of several rivers. The principal places
affected are Wuchau, [ Takhing, Shiuhlng
and Saroshui. The city of Fatshan i3 oom
pletely inundated. People in 'all these
towns have had terrible experiences.
The water began rising on Friday four
weeks, ago, and by Saturday the streets
were filled with from t sixteen - to twenty
feet , of , water. Many embankments have
given away. Hundreds, of persons -were
caught - unawares and ¦ drowned before
they had opportunity to escape in boat*
or reach the hills.
Pours in on. Towns and Farms.
Rivers Rise Rapidly and the Water
THOUSANDS OF CHINESE
DROWNED IN IXOODS
BLOEMTTONTEIN, Aug. ¦ 11.— The 3000
refugees who arrived at Brandf ort yes
terday are all in a wretched state of
health. Diphtheria and other malignant
diseases are bo prevalent among them
that - additional aid has been sent to
them. Physicians are carrying supplies
of anti-toxine for. the diphtheria cases.
, Small - numbers of Boers continue to
surrender in the :Oranee River Colony.
RETTTGEES ABB SUFFERING
JFROlff TVTATJG1TANT DISEASES
..A mob of 400 men clamored for his life,
but the leaders of the mob, numbering
less than a dozen, carried Into execution
the plans of vengeance they had formed.
The rest of the mob was kept at a dis
tance and was not permitted to come
within 100 yards of the stake. This was at
a spot 600 yards from the Clark house.
The negro,, walked to his death without a
tremor. He admitted ills guilt of other
crimes, but stubbornly refused to acknow
ledge that he had assaulted Mrs. Clark.
A crowbar was driven into the earth. To
this Washington was bound in a sitting
position his legs extending straight in
front of him on either Bide of the bar. A
chain held him fast around the waist,
while a heavy rope encircled the bar and
his neck. The leaders of the mob askod
Mrs. Clark to apply the torch to the pile,
but she refused. Her husband was
selected in her stead. Washington looked
straight into the eyes of Clark , as the
latter stooped' down to apply the match.
The wood was pitch pine and saturated
with kerosene oil. The flames leaped
toward Washington's body. The man
showed no signs in his race of the agony
he must have suffered, and met death
without a groan. The leaders of the mob
watched the work of the flames until
Washington's head fell back upon his
shoulders and he died. For some few
minutes longer they waited around the
spot and then dispersed quietly.
The negroes of the country are almost a
unit in approving the punishment and
many were members > of the mob.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Aug. 11.— Eighteen
miles south of Savannah the charred
trunk of the body of Joe Washington, the
negro assailant of Mrss. J. J. Clark, is all
that remains to tell the story . of the
tragedy of last night. Washington had
been positively Identified by Mrs. Clark.
The proof of guilt was conclusive.
Mob Burns Negro Pris
oner Near Scene of
His Crime.
Joined the flying squadron with the
Marblehead, Eagle and Vixen, that Ad
miral Schley knew of the code.
Captain McCalla upon arrival communi
cated with the insurgents and ascertained
that the Spanish squadron was not in the
As Admiral Schley had been directed by
Admiral Sampson to mask his real direc
tion upon departure, he waited until after
dark, when he steamed for Santiago da
It will be contended by Rear Admiral
Schley that he was -Justified In remaining
at Cienfuegos until he had definitely
established whether the Spanish fleet was
in that harbor, and that under instruc
tions given him he was required to obtain
exact information before he sailed for
Santiago de Cuba.
To have left that point for Santiago
when the Spaniards might have given out
information showing that Cervera'a
squadron was at that point as a ruse
would have been, in his opinion, a grave
error of Judgment which might have Irre
parable consequences. He is satisfied, ac
cording to his friends in Washington, that
this explanation will convince the court of
the correctness of his conduct and will se
cure his acquittal of the charge that he
unnecessarily delayed his departure from
Cienfuegos.
Having in view the possibility of the ap
plication of Admiral w. T. Sampson for
relief from duty as commandant of the
Boeton navy yard pending his retirement,
the Navy Department officials have se
lected an officer for assignment to that
duty. The admiral has been in delicate
health for some time, and it would not
surprise the officials here should he seek
an early relief from. duty. Thus far the i
admiral has made no request for relief.
The name of the officer selected to succeed
him has not been announced.
NEW YORK, Aug. 1L— J. M. Wilson of.
Washington, who will probably conduct
the case of Admiral Schley before the
Court of Inquiry, arrived last evening on
the American line steamship St Louis.
He said: ' ? _. . - .V
"I have received a cablegram) from my
dear friend Admiral Schley in regard to
his case, and it is more than probable
that I shall conduct his case. I am going
to a hotel and after I have been there and
looked over matters I'll know more.
Though I received a cable from the ad
miral, I did not hurry over on that ac
count."
Wilson was met on the pier by Captain
Parker, who has been at the Navy De
partment looking over the records of "the
naval operations during the war with
Spain In the Interest of Admiral Schley.
DEATH BY FIHE
HIS PUNISHMENT
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 11.— The Bay View
lodge "of the Amalgamated Association of
Iron, Pteel and .Tin -Workers ' to-day de
cided by' a unanimous vote not to obey
the, strike order pf President Shaffer, and
in : eonsequeno© - the . plant .. of : the . Illinois
Bteel Company In this city will bo run
ning as usual to-morrow, Several speak-
tion Will IHsobey Strike Order.
Members of Amalgamated Associa-
whl remain at work.
wearing the black uniform of the Em
press' Own Posen Hussars, led Queen
.Alexandra into the church, while King
Edward, In the blue uniform of the King
Edward Prussian Dragoons, conducted
Empress Augusta Victoria. Princess Vic
toria, with Prince Frederick William and
a numerous suite, followed.
Their . Majesties occupied a pew to the
left of the chancel, the one in which the
deceased used to sit, while, grouped
around the chancel stood the other im
perial and royal personages mentioned,
together with Prince Adelbert of Prussia,
Prince and Princess Schaumburg-Uppe,
the hereditary Prince of Saxe-Meiningen,
Prince and Princess Charles of Hesse, the
Grand Duke of Baden, the Crown Prince
and Princess of Greece, with their chil
dren, and the Prince of Reuss, together
with the suites of all.
Baron von Reischack stood at the right,
and Count von Seckendorff, who was the
Grand Chamberlain of the deceased, at
the left of the coffin. As the organ played
the funeral march Dr. Dryander advanced
to the head of the coffin. The choir from
the Berlin Cathedral sang "I Know That
My Redeemer Liveth," and Dr. Dryander
read a specially written prayer, after
which Emperor William's eldest four sons
stepped forward with drawn swords and
stood close to the coffin. Dr. Dryander
then delivered an oration extolling the
virtues of the Dowager Empress and
dwelling upon her trials and sorrows.
This was followed by the words of the
burial service: "Dust to dust, ashes, to
ashes."
The choir then sang the anthem. "The
Spirit Sayeth They May Rest Prom Their
Labors." Then followed the magnificent
hymn, <r Wenn Ich Binmal Soil Scheiden.
and a beautiful rendition of "Be Thou
Faithful Unto" Death."" As the last strains
died away King Edward and Queen Alex
andra advanced and laid a wreath"" upon
the coffin.
TWO MILLIONS INTERESTED.
Various Labor Organizations That
May Aid Striking Steel "Workers.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. lL-The call of
the executive committee of the United
Mine "Workers on President Gompers o f
the American Federation of Labor to con
vene a council of presidents and secre
taries of the various national and Inter
national unions affiliated with the organ
ization, to devise plans for assisting th«
Amalgamated Association in its struggle,
will, if acted on, affect eighty-four na
tional organizations with a membership
of 2,000,000 workmen. The organizations
whose officers would, answer such a. call
are:
Actor's- National Protective Union, metal me
chanics, bakers and confectioners, barbers,
blacksmiths, boilermakera and Iron shipbuild
ers, bookbinders, boot and shoe workers, brew
ery workers, brick makers, bridge and struc
tural ironworkers, broom makers, carpenter
and cabinet makers, carriage and wagon mis
ers. carvers, <chain makers, cigarmakers. clerfes,
coopers, coretnakers. curtain operative*, driv
ers^ electrical workers, holstinsc engineers, steam,
engineers, tratchcase engravers, stationary nre
men, fillers and helpers, mine workers, iron
molders, musicians, oil and gas well workers,
painters, decorators and paperhangera, paper
makers, pattern makers, plumbers, gasntters.
steam fltters and steamntters' helpers, steel and
copper plate printers, pressmen, operative pot
ters, railway clerlo, street railway employes,
railway telegraphers, railway trackmen, sea
men, spinners, stage employes stove mounters,
tailors textile -workers, tile layers, tin plate
¦workers, tobacco workers, garment workers,
tailors, textile workers, tile layers, tin plate
ters, grinders, hatters, horseshoers, hotel and
restaurant employes, bartenders, iron, steel and
tin workers. Jewelry workers, wood lathers,
laundry workers, longshoremen, machinists,
meat cutters and butchers, metal polishers,
buffers, platers and brass workers, metal work
ers, trunk and baggage workers. Typographical
Union, upholsterers, watchcase makers, weav
ers, wire weavers, wood workers.
The feeling here Is that President Gom
pers will issue the call. The suggestion
originated with the mine workers. Ths
meeting would, probably be held In Pltts
burg.
PLAIT AIT ATTACK O2T TRUST.
Be Sued by State of Ohio.
United States Steel Corporation "Will
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 1L— It develops
that independent of the legal action which,
Is 'to be brought against the United States
Steel Corporation by the Anti-Trust
League action is also contemplated by thtj
Secretary of State. It is believed by that
official that the United States Steel Cor
poration is doing business in Ohio con
trary to law. The corporation has never
been admitted a3 a foreign corporation
to do busines in Ohio, although the prop
erty controlled by it in this State is rep
resented by several million dollars' worth,
of stock, upon which. If the Ohio compa
nies have really been absorbed; the State
is entitled to collect a tax of one-tenth
of 1 per cent under what is known as tho
Hard law, the constitutionality of which
was recently sustained by the Supreme
Court. It is stated by Clerk "Wread of the
Secretary of State's office that notices will
probably be sent to the steel corporation
during the coming week calling attention
to its obligations under the law, should
the plea be made that the Ohio companies
have not been absorbed and are operating
under their original charters, the United
States Steel Corporation will be attacked,
under the "Valentine anti-trust law, which,
prohibits the operation of companies
holding the stocks of other companies In,
trust.
Chinese Perish in Flames.
TACOMA. Aug. 11.— Ten Chinese work
men were burned to death while engaged
in repairing the United States steamer
Arethusa at the Hongkong dock. An tn->
quiry by the British court developed the
fact that the accident occurred in the
shaft tunnel of the steamer, where the
victims were working. One of the coolie
attendants dropped a lighted . candle,
which ignited some oily waste, causing a'
quick flre, which suffocated the Chinese
before they could get out.
"Williams said that the strllce had been
studiously avoided by the officers of the
Amalgamated Association, It has been
as studiously, encouraged by the officers
of the I manufacturers association. The
officers - of the ¦ Amalgamated Association
had done . all they could to bring about
peace. The battle was now in the hands
of the men.rand it'.waVup to them as to
what the outcome -would be. Every labor
organization In the country was with the
Amalgamated Association In this strike.
The Federation of^Labor had taken steps
to aid in . the ' fight to , the full extent
of its power. The Knights of Labor, rep
resented by President Simon, Burns of L.
A. 800, had come forward with money and
encouragement. That portion of the same
body under Master "Workman Parsons
bad Instituted legal proceedings in Ohio
and Indiana to prosecute the trust on
legal grounds.
I tell you this question will have to be set
tled In some way If not by peaceful strike,
then by legislation. If that fall*, the ballot
will be tried. If all else falls, I believe that
It will result in an appeal to the bayonet. I
tell you there Is a condition existing to-day
that places this eountr- on the eve of one of
the greatest revolutions that ever could occur
in the history of the world.
Great He-volution Threatened.
We atrrecd to arbitration because tie busi
ness men and citizens of Pittsburr urred ua
to do so. "We were willing to risk the Inter
ests of our organization in the hands of others
In this dispute if there was any prospect for
peace. It is practically the first time In the
history of oar organization that we have pone
this far. The effect upon the future will be
far reacbinjr, as It would enable manufactur
ers to obtain the same concession from us. and
this we have in the past declined to grant
because we faared the results. Thus arbitra
tion being turned "down flat and uncondition
ally, those who have been urgins us to sub
mit to It Trill have' a chance to Drove their
interest and friendship for us In our inevitable
battle with the greatest trust that was ever
organized.
Arbitration la what the manufacturers have
been asking from ua for years. It osens a
new chase entirely m the situation. If the
manufacturers think they can stamp out our
organization they are laboring under a great
mistake. If they should defeat us now, it
would only cause a new and stronger labor
organization to ' rise up ¦within a few years
that would have graTer meaning in It. If the
United States steel trust Is wise. It will deal
with us. It is to their interest to do so. Men
In ¦> this country will never submit to being
obliterated. Further than this. I can say that
the • men who come out on a strike at this
time will not be the last to come out before
this fight Is over. There will be thousands
that will, be drawn into the struxcle, as the
organizations of the entire country are vitally
Interested In the fight we are making. Our
position has been fair at all times.
At the meeting of the Ohio Valley
Trades and Labor Assembly th!s after
noon, resolutions were passed denouncing
Andrew Carnegie, and calling upon - the
labor people of "Wheeling to vote against
the acceptance of the $75,000 library he
has offered "Wheeling.
• Secretary "Williams gave out the follow
ing interview to— night: ¦ ¦
We are arranging for a great strikers' rally
to be held at the "West Virginia State Fair
grounds in "Wheeling next "Wednesday or
Thursday. President Shaffer will be- the prin
cipal orator.
The La Belle plant of the American Tin
Company is closed tight, as are the Standard
mills of the American Sheet Steel and the
American Hoop companies. The Mlngo Junc
tion plants of the National Steel and the
American Steel Hoop companies are also closed.
- We have succeeded in tieing up the Bellatr*
steel plant of the National Steel Company. We
organized 230. of the steel men Saturday and
at a meeting this afternoon there were more
accessions, though I have not received th-j
exact number. But even without a single ac
cession this afternoon we have enough to keep
the plant idle.
At the Riverside plant of the National Tube
Company the plate and tube mills will be off
Monday morning and possibly the steel depart
ments. Already we have taken into member
chip In the Amalgamated Association 650 of the
SOO skiHed men at the Riverside and the re
maining 150 workers in the steel departments
have asked us to call a meeting at which they
may organize a lodge. This request has been
granted and the meeting will be held Monday
morning. At this afternoon's meeting of the
Riverside men we took in 109 new members
from the tube and plate departments.
National "Vice President "Walter Larklns
of the Amalgamated Association, discuss
ing the situation In "Wheeling district to
night, said: . - • , . . . • . -
The steel officials were elated at their
showing at the Carnegie plants and in Il
linois. Ohio and "Wisconsin and expressed"
confidence in speedy victory over the
Amalgamated Association.
They were also advised that the men of
the Boston Rolling Mills at McKeesport
had notified the National Tube Company
that they would go out to-morrow and
that while the National Tube plant at Mc-
Keesport would be started In the morn
ing, it was certain' that many men would
go out. They were also satisfied that their
"Wheeling plants were crippled and that it
was undecided what would be done there.
Their advices were that the Clark mill
here, which had been running non-union
for several ' days, would be started np as
usual to-morrow morning, and that there
was no doubt about its successful opera
tions.
The strike headquarters were closed to
:day, and it was claimed that- no reports
were being received from the outlying dis
tricts as to the progress of the strike ex
cept in a general way.
The steel officials were In communication
with -their superintendents and district
managers and at 11 o'clock made public
the. results of their report. The latter
showed that South Chicago, Joliet and
Bay View, at Milwaukee, had voted to
etay in: that the Ohio works of the Xa
tlonal'Steel Company at Tcungstown and
the King, Gilbert and "Warner plants of
the National Steel Company at Columbus
had resumed without trouble: that the
Homestead, Edgar Thompson. Duquesne,
Upper and Lower Union and Howard Axle
"Works of the Carnegie group, employing
more than 15,000 men, had resumed work
without trouble: that the converting and
blooming mills of the National Tube Com
pany at McKeesport had started without
difficulty and that Bellaire had been only
partly crippled.
. The Amalgamated Association has de
veloped great strength in the "Wheeling
district and has made gains in some Penn
sylvania districts, but.it will be to-mor
row before the lines of cleavage will be
marked with sufficient clearness for a
count of the men.
strength. It was said that they were
counting upon strong aid from the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and other organi
zations of union labor, but those bodies
have not yet given any public indication
of what they will do. . . ¦ *
Continued From Page One.
IRON MEN NOW CLAIM A VICTORY
There is some humor in wireless teleg
raphy. One Englishman, with a pro
nounced accent asked the "genial purser
how much it cost to send a message.
~v llant sunshine bathes the emer
ald shores this morning as the Lucanla
stands out to sea on her ninety-fifth
voyage. But on this trip the Iiucanla is
not out of touch with the world's news.
All. this time, thanks *o' wireless teleg
raphy, we are still in touch with the old
world, though Its shores are now hardly
visible. Thanks to the same system, and
the Herald's energy and enterprise, we
will be In communication with the new
world fourteen hours sooner than usual.
This practically cuts twenty-four hours
off the time in which ships disappear from
the knowledge of those on land. Many
passengers sent wireless messages to
friends.
BY MARCONI WIREI^ESS TELE
GRAPHY FROM ON BOARD
THH V LUCANlA, via Crook
haven, Aug. 11.— A flood of bril-
In a statement to the public defining
their position the men claim that in jus
tice to themselves and the Illinois Steel
Company they are compelled to disregard
the order of President Shaffer, as they
have no grievances and have contracts
that will not expire for another year.
Vice President Davis was present at the
meeting:, but took no active part in the
proceedings.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— There will be no
strike by members of the Amalgamated
Association at the Illinois Steel Works in
South Chicago. At a joint meeting of the
local iQdges this afternoon, presided over
by a representative of Vice President Da
vis of the fourth district, it was decided
by an almost unanimous vote to remain
at work, and if necessary to give financial
support to their striking brothers In other
mills.
The members of the Bay View lodge will
contribute liberally to the strikers in th»
East.
ers pointed out that a strike at this t!m»
would be of no advantage to the Amalga
mated Association and would do no harm
to the United States Steel Corporation,
inasmuch as the trust is prepared at short
notice to transfer all the work of South
Chicago, Bay View ar.d Joliet mills to its
plant at Duquesne, which can be convert
ed into a plant for the making of bar
steel.
"In case of steamships that are disabled*,
when equipped with wireless telegraphy,
they would soon be able to bring assist
ance. Then on the dangerous coasts the
system would be valuable to warn away
ships coming too close to destruction."
This message is transmitted a distance
of sixty miles to. the station.
"Six pence a word In addition to land
rates," he answered.
"That's rather expensive," said the
passenger, "seeing the company la not
obliged to erect any posts or wires or lay
cables."
Passengers are full or talk of the open
ing of the Herald's Nantucket station and
are delighted to be able to communicate
with friends hours before it has ever been
possible before.
"VVImmial Muloch, Postmaster General of
Canada, is on board and is greatly Inter
ested in wireless telegraphy.
"1 admire the Herald^s enterprise," en id
he. "1 think -wireless telegraphy will
prove of tremendous value to commerce.
Canada is determined to utilize Its advant
ages on the entire coast and the bay and
the river of St. Lawrence.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Passengers on the Outgoing Lucania, When Sixty
Miles at Sea, Send Messages Via the
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
FROM SHIP TO SHORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 12, 1901^
coming September. Every feature
that can possibly add to the comfort . and
happiness of the thousands of Callfor
nlona who will b© the city's guests on this
occasion is arranged for. Refreshments*
headquarters, 'pyrotechnics, decorations,
parades, Concerts— everything - that . •will
please the eye, delight the ear and satisfy
the mind will be provided.
Muslo will be one of the greatest feat
ures of this occasion. From the time the
visiting delegations enter the city until
they leave every hour" will be filled with
music of some variety. The local commit*
3
CHALMERS DENTAL* CO,,
133 Powell St. San Frandsc o.
Do you want them to look well and
work well? To be free from pain? To
be out of your mouth .if they have
passed beyond usefulness? To be filled
with a permanent composition if de-
cayed? Do you want to have the neces-
sary
Dental Work
done at moderate cost? If you do
come to
TEETH *P
Are You Interested in tho Condition of Your
Do you admire physical perfection in
man or woman? Would you like to
feel as if. you 'could 1 muzzle; a lion? Let
me send , you: a/ most interesting :book
telling. how you can be made. to feel like
aSamson." All human weakness comes
from a loss of • electricity from the
body. My electric belt: restores it, and
my book tells of the gladdening effect it
has on you; Cut this ad out and send it.
I mall the book, sealed, free. Write to-
day.' Dr. M. E; McJLaughlln, 702 Market
street, San Francisco,
S^-'Jjr kvYfl -W^i^^f ¦'¦'¦¦• «*
\ 'I'pfjf'—^' ' -t -a[>'7 VV' fry spending $150 to £500 when for very much
CclHi WINCHESTER
Wl/Wk REPEATING SHOT GUN
P^ jtu which w!II outshoot any other shot pun on the market
F~ j&SIL^ ffigq no matter what it costs. The Winchester Repeating
JJP Shot Gun is now made in " Take Down " style in 12 and
fS^^p^U^f^^i 16 pause. It combines rapidity, reliability and strong
z^^S^^^^-ti shooting qualities with a price within reach of every-
p^S^^^^^^^f body's pockeibook. For sale by dealers everywhere.
£||j||2«j|S£|^Sj!$1 FREE—Str.d nam$ end addreat on postal oard for 164-pagt catalogue.
Ijilllllgfl WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., ffiffJffiHvCORONADO TENT CITY, Coronado Beach,
Cal.. will be the popular Bummer resort this
season. It ., became , famous ' last year for com
fort, entertainment -and, health. Its, splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexecelled.
Be No More -Careful
Of the word you use than of the paper on
which you use it when conducting social
in£ eS ™ denCe - The fashionable styles
• $?»« n % a a In ll ?. e Carrara Marmor,"
v«n^ »i Al l tllope . and "^en Lawn."
Kept at Sanborn & Vall's, 711 Market. •
Civil service, it is said, is working honestly and ad
mirably, in the -Hawaiian public departments. ' This
ought to be a pointer for Mayor. Phelan and his hired
men to study something worth learning.
Special information supplied dally to
p™L ne ™ h0U3 " an <J Public men by the
SmprS n ? pln f bureau Ullen's). 510 Mont!
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per !„ at Townsend's.'
Three men; quarreled in a Kentucky town the other
day over. one cent and mortally wounded one another.
This timely result ought to be considered a distinct
victory to the community "in which they lived.
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
But one shadow of serious suspicion has been cast
upon Admiral Schley in all the controversy in which
his name figures so prominently. He is indorsed with
every show of enthusiasm by William Jennings Bryan.
It is reported that a bottle thrown into the Gulf of
Mexico has been picked up near Cork after a voyage
of about 300 days, and if that do not prove the natural
affinity between bottle and cork, then nothing can
prove it.'
COMPARISONS— Gypsy, City. Each of
the quotations .."comparisons are odious"
and "comparisons are ¦ odorous" Is cor
rect. The former Is used in- "Don Quix
ote" by Cervantes, in "Dq Laudibus leg
Angliae" by. Fortescue; in "Jaculo Pru
dentum" by Herbert; in "Woman Killed
by Kindness," a play by Heywood; In "Le
Livre des \ Proverbes Francals" by Le
Rdux; in "Answer to Sheridan's Simile"
by Swift, and ; In : ¦ "Anatomy ¦ of - Melan
choly" , by Burton In the sense that com
parisons are | distasteful. The other are
the words of Dogberry, the constable, in
"Much Ado \ About ~ Nothing." whom
Shakespeare has j made to say "Compari
sons are odorous; palabras, Neighbor Ver
ges." The words: of Dogberry have been
wrongfully . credited to Mrs. Malaprop In
"The Rivals." What Mrs. Malaprop did
say \, was, "No caparisons, miss, if you
please; caparisons don't become a young
woman." :. - ; . _.:,i^^ : '¦:¦.'¦¦ . * ¦- ¦- . .
A New York Judge has reached the severe con
clusion that there is but. one honest man in a thou
sand. It might be beneficial not only to himself but
to the community in which he is suffered to exist for
him to travel.
According to a story that comes from New.Jersey
lightning recently struck and set fire to a barn in that
State, and just as the neighbors were wondering
what to do the lightning struck it a second time and
put the fre out.
TESTING DIAMONDS— S.. City. Mas
simo Levi, an Italian' chemist, gives the
following a3 an infallible method for
testing diamonds: "If you haVe a doubt
ful stone put it in a -leaden or platinum
cup with some powdered , fluorspar and a
little oil of vitriol; warm the vessel over
lighted charcoal in a fireplace or where
there is a strong draught to carry away
the noxious vapors that will be copiously
evolved. When these vapors have ceased
rising let the whole cool and then stir the
mixture with a glass rod to fish out the
diamond. • If found Intact it is a genuine
stone, but if it is false it will be corroded
by the hydrofluoric acid that has been
generated around it. A small paste dia
mond would disappear altogether under
the treatment."
There|is a report going the rounds that a fashionable
preacher told his congregation the other day that
"there are no golf links in hell," so people who
think there is anything like hades in the neighborhood
of San Francisco are mistaken.
COFFEE — F., City. The coffee tree was
introduced Into Holland from Arabia in
1616 and into the West Indies in 1726. The
use of coffee as a beverage was intro
duced into Egypt and Constantinople in
the sixteenth century- It. was first made
known in Europe through the accounts
of travel of Leonhard ' Rauwolf, a Ger
man physician, printed in 1573. The first
coffee house In Europe was established in
Constantinople in 1551, the first in Eng
land was opened by one Jacobs In Oxford,
1650, and the first in London was by a
Greek named Pasquet in 1652. The first
coffee house in" France was opened in
Marseilles in 1671, and the first one in Paris
was opened in the following year.
"Perhaps there are quite enough namea
on mortuary tablets now that testify to
the profession's great work."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
a torpedo against the armored cruiser
Varssa notwithstanding the fact that the
latter had been warned against an at
tack. As the experiments were made
by a crew composed of commissioned of
ficers, in order to better guard the se
crets, and none other than Italian naval
officers were present, the word of -those
directly interested must be taken for the
favorable result. Little Is known of the
Delflno, except that the boat Is '49 feet
in length and calculated, to make a speed
of 10 knots.
"Somebody finds fault because the medi
cal .profession's great work is not at
tested by some representative name on a
tablet in the Hall of Fame."
Master Boerum Place— Uncle Jack, -when
the American flag is only half hoisted It
means that some one is dead, don't It?
His Uncle— Yes; and when It Is hoisted
upside down It is a signal of distress.
Master Boerum Place— Not on land It
isn't. "Uncle Jack! I've watched and it
only means It's a holiday.— "Washington
Star.
Mr. Man— Yes; we have it in use already.
Say, can't you get up something grand by
which we can keep our neighbor's screen
doors from banging?— Chicago Record-
Herald.
Agent— Now, here's a grand thing— a
rubber guard to keep your screen doors
from banging.
Pessimistic Artist— Just look where
they've got my canvas; on the top line!
Optimistic Artist— It might be worse.
"I can't see how; It's as high as the ceil
ing will allow."
"Yes; but the ceiling might be a great
deal higher."— Yonkers Statesman.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The Delflno, a submarine boat built at
Spezla for the Italian navy, was tried'
during . the last week of . July, and Is
said to have come up to expectations of
ita designer. It traversed the whole Bay
of Spezla at a good speed and launched
An Important invention In rapid gun
firing was tested last month on board the
French coast-defense ship "Valmy at
Cherbourg. The invention is by Com
mandant Gulc, and was applied to the
two 13.39-inch turret guns, five shots be
ing flred from each gun In four and a
half minutes. The best record of the
13.5-Inch gun in /the British navy is
one minute twenty-seven seconds be
tween rounds. The American 12-Inch Is
claimed to be able to fire three shots in
f>ur minutes, and the 8-Inch at the rate
of one round per minute. The French
gun of 13.39 Inches, throwing a' 92&-pourid
shell, fires ten rounds in nine minutes,
asalnst the American 8-lnch shell of 237
pounds at the rate of nine rounds.
Six million dollars Is the limit of cost
of the new naval academy at Annapolis,
and contracts for some of the buildings'
have already been made, and work Is in
progress. Large as the sum is, it is like
ly to be exceeded, and the Indications
strongly favor such a supposition. In
the distribution of the available and
prospective appropriations the Navy De
partment has allotted $400,000 for a new
chapel, a sum which seems sufficient for
the erection of a good-sized cathedral.
There is little hope for engineer offi
cers in the British navy improving their
status. A deputation which recently
called on Lord Selborne. First Lord of
the Admiralty, to present the grievances
of the Engineer Corps, found him averse
to any of the improvements suggested.
• . •
A boiler explosion has occurred on
board the German cruiser Ariadne as a
result of which two men were killed and
four wounded. The boiler was one pf
the Schultz type — a combination of the
Thorneycroft and German variety of wa
ter-tube boiler.
EJght armored coast-defense ships in
the German navy .are being lengthened
twenty-five feet and otherwise improved
and rearmed. The aggregate cost of this
work is less than the first cost of one
modern battleship. •
• • •
Out of 6122 officers on the active list in
the British navy only 104 are qualified as
interpreters in . one or more foreign lan
guages. This percentage is almost as
low as the navies of France, Portugal
and Spain.
COMING AND GOING— J. A., City.
Common usage justifies' the use of going
and coming in describing the intention of
a party. to visit another at a distance. In
writing, for instance, to a party in New
York the form would be "I am going to
visit you In December,'* but if, on the
other hand, the party in New York should
write the question. "Are you coming to
see me next December?" the reply would
generally be, "Ye3, I am coming at that
time," but it would be better to write,
"Yes, I will come at that time."
The ordinary naval expenditures of
Japan amount to 116,500,000 in round num
bers. A third expansion is likely to be
authorized, which will bring the total up
to J23.750.000.
Schichan, at Elblng, Prussia, has re
ceived an order from Russia for a cruiser
of an improved Novik type of 3000 tons,
18,000 horsepower and 25 knots speed.
CARNEGIE— C. E. M., City. Published
biographies of Andrew Carnegie . state
that his father and some relatives settled
in Pittsburg, Pa., but they do not tell
who those relatives were.
H. A. Jastro, one of the leading mer
chants of Bakersfield. is registered at the
Grand.
Thomas O. Toland. member of the Stata
Board of Equaization. is at the Lick for
a brief stay.
E. C. Voorheis. a prominent politician of
Sutter Creek, is registered at the Palace.
"William Kettner, a newspaper man of
Vlsalla, is one cf the arrivals at the Lick.
Abe Marks, a merchant of Ukiah, Is reg
istered at the Lick.
H. .W. Blngham. a business man of
Marysville. is at the Palace.
"W. D. Tillotson. a mining man of Red
ding, Is located at the Grand.
SUBMARINE
BOAT OF ITALY
IS A SUCCESS
The value of such a service to the city, is now well
understood. It will be even more valuable to mer
chants than to the Weather Bureau. If, therefore, our
people appear insistent in repeatedly urging the matter
upon the Government it will be only because they
recognize that there is no telling when the need of
such a sen-ice may be well nigh imperative.
Ever since the daywhen The Call achieved the feat
of receiving by wireless telegraphy the news that the
Sherman was in sight on her way home with the Cali
fornia Volunteers from Manila the people of this city
have taken a keen interest in the new marvel of sci
ence. We should be among the first to have the ser
vice when established, and it is therefore gratifying to
receive assurance from the officials of the Department
of Agriculture that they are looking carefully after
our interests.
Wireless telegraphy has now reached a degree of
development that renders it of practical use, and it is
so used in many parts of the world. Consequently,
since the Secretary of Agriculture is resolved to em
ploy it in the. service of the Weather Bureau, it is
hardly likely that any considerable time .will elapse
before a suitable system has .been obtained for the
service so much desired here.
BY the dispatch published in The Call of Sunday
to the Hon. Julius Kahn from Willis L. Moore,
acting Secretary of Agriculture, concerning the
desired establishment of a system of wireless teleg
raphy between this city and the Farallones there is
afforded a just cause for popular gratification. Mr.
Moore announces that the department has an observer
at Nantucket assisting in the transmission of the Her
ald's wireless reports from the lightship off that island
and that it is probable an additional expert will be
sent. The telegram states: "Secretary Wilson is alive
to the. interests of the Pacific i # Coast, and under his
direction I am bending every effort to either secure
from others or perfect by our own investigators a sys
tem that can be installed at the Farallones."
THE WIRELESS SERVICE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
place Is very popular with the visitors.
In addition to this attraction the stand la
completed and other arrangements consum
mated for the- demonstrating of pru^s, In th»
California space, under the auspices" of th»
California Cured Fruit Association. From
the Cny the exposition • opened California's ex
hibit has drawn the crowds, and from- the tails
of the people. "Not to s?e California' 3 show
Is not to see the fair" has become a common
expression. This popularity has been Intensi
fied by the distribution of free raisins. "With
free prunes and prune products, which are to
be given away on and after the 5th, added to
free raisins it Is a question whether those In
attendance will be abte t.-> stem tha tide or not.
In brief, everything here Is coming California's
way and as good work is b?!ng done for our
State as was ever done anywhere. Very truly.
OBSERVER.
Another strong and very attractive feature
of California's exhibit is the display oX dried
fruits. While different packers contributed to
this department the Santa Clara Fruit Ex
change shows up Tnost conspicuously with a
larpe and very handsomely arranged exhibit of
prunes. All grades are shown, from the Im
perial to the smallest, and they are so ar
ranged that the bottom. of the box, or the fruit
In the bottom rather, can be seen and inspected
as well as that on the top. Wild flowers and
wheat, flower seeds and cereals, wool and
mohair, ramie and flax, hemp and jute, cotton
and silk, are all shown In California's space.
California wine Is a strong feature of the
exhibit and Is beautifully Installed. There are.
all told, north and south, some efghteen vine
yards represented and some of them have been
very generous In their contributions as regard?
quantity.
on the grounds, and yet It constitutes only one
• Item of California's splendid display.
THE BOGUS TICKET TRICK.
THE BUSINESS TIDE STILL HIGH.
'"T"*HAT the tide of prosperity which has been flow
t ing over the country for several years has not
¦¦¦ yet begun to ebb was graphically shown last
week. In spite of the recent unfavorable weather con
ditions in the West and Southwest, whereby the cereal
and fruit crops were badly damaged, and the labor
troubles in the East which threw large numbers of
men out cf employment and closed down a number of
large plants, the commercial statistics of the country
show exceptionally fine business conditions. The
weekly bank clearings showed a gain of 52 per cent
over the corresponding week last year, and of the
eighty cities and towns reporting clearings only five —
Savannah. Denver. Binghamton, Macon and Helena
reported a decrease from 1900. This is probably the
most remarkable weekly showing on record.
The exhibit shows that trade in the United States is
so heavy and on such a sound basis that neither crop
damage nor labor troubles have the power to affect
it seriously. In fact from all quarters of the country
mercantile reports are flattering. The distributive de
mand for merchandise is brisk everywhere, wheat
exports are large, prices for almost all staples are
either maintained or actually advancing, money is
abundant, and there i? no rabid speculation in Wall
street to worry financial interests. No better business
conditions could exist, and if they continue the year
ioor will be a record breaker in many respects, brill
iant as its immediate two or three predecessors were.
The staples continue to make a good exhibit Wool
is firm and woolen goods, particularly the plainer
sorts, have bc?n liberally ordered ahead. Structural
iron, which thus far has not been affected by the
strike, is in eager demand and the manufacturers are
hard pressed to fill their orders. Eastern boot and shoe
manufacturers report "orders up to their previous vol
ume, while the reports from the West are even better.
Operators in wheat in the West and Southwest are
freely predicting an sdvar.ee in this cereal, though
the wish may be father to the thought Quotations for
corn, oats and hay in the same regions have gone up
materially, and those farmers who get good crops will
receive fine returns.
In San Francisco, in spite of the strike, a large ex
port business is being done, though the bulk of it is by
rail. The West and Southwest are calling on us for
all the potatoes and onions we can spare, and within
the past few days a sharp demand for the bean crop
has sprung; up. Purchases of dried fruit in the country
are heavier than ever before known at this season, and
at better prices than usual, with possibilities of a
t:rther advance later ou. Canned fruits and vegetables
are firm, with a continuation of the demand for the
West alrcsdy spoken of. Wine grapes are in active
demand and buyers arc paying from $20 to $32.50 per
ton for them in the country and willing to make large
contracts at these prices. British Columbia and Alaska
tre sending in large orders for fruit and other'produce
In fact, almost everything that the farmer raises is in
jrisk demand for an immense territory extending from
\ T ome to Texas and the Missouri River Valley. The
latest products wanted are barley and oats for the two
btter sections, and local dealers are now trying to. get
railroad rates which will enable them to ship out large
quantities of these cereals. In brief, there never was
•uch a domestic demand for our farm products as that
fthich is now pressing us for satisfaction.
With these conditions California ought to be abun
dantly satisfied. Our crops, while not large as a rule
shis year, are sufficient to bring us in handsome re
turns and we, as well as the other States,' ought to
arcak the business record this year.
VIGILANCE on the part of genuine Republicans
has already brought to light the fact that
among other schemes designed to deceive the
unwary the bosses who are striving to control the
Republican convention have arranged to put spurious
tickets in the field. The trick consists in placing at the
head of the spurious ticket one or more candidates
known to represent the anti-boss element of the party,
while the rest of the ticket is filled with the names of
the henchmen of the bosses. Should many persons be
deceived by such tickets the bosses would make con
siderable gains and might bring about the election of
a number of their gang who could never have been
elected otherwise.
To guard against that and similar tricks that may
be devised between now and the closing of the polls,
genuine Republicans should be careful to read over the
full list of names upon the ticket they vote. The gang
is unscrupulous and cunning. It will not pay to take
chances with them.
• It is to be borne in mind that the bosses are not
resorting to these various kinds of fraud for nothing.
They are aware of the importance of the issue. The
triumph of honest politics in San Francisco would be
felt throughout the State. It is for that reason that
Herrin and Gage have brought to the aid of Kelly
every heeler they could control. We have had intro
duccdinto our local politics the bosses of the interior.
Perhaps it is not accurate to say that the outsiders
were "introduced" into our politics, for thefe was
nothing of conventional manners about the process.
Some of them were sneaked in, some were dragged in
and some may have been kicked in much against their
will. By one means or another, however, they have
been brought in, and the Republicans of San Fran
cisco have upon their hands the task of making clean
the city in which the outsiders have been doing so
much dirty politics after the manner of Kelly.
The issue that has brought about this extraordinary
combination of bosses was raised by the passage of the
primary election law. Kelly and Herrin can no longer
carry the Republican primaries by the brutal pro
cess of assaulting honest men at the primaries or by
the fradulent process'of stuffing the ballot box or mis
counting the vote. The new law gives to every citizen
a right to cast his vote and have it fairly counted.
Thus the bosses perceive that their power is about to
be broken. There is but one way for them to win and
that is by standing together and making use of every
deception that cunning can conceive and rascality
practice. . • •}, ;
To the genuine Republicans of, the city the issue
and the occasion are as important as to the bosses.
Therefore, each and every one of them should go to
the polls, and when there scrutinize with care the
ballot that he votes. Remember there is but one anti
boss ticket in any district — it is the ticket of the Re
publican Primary League.
Chandler, of New Hampshire is reported to have
asserted that he will compel. Fighting Bob Evans to
retract certain statements made about the way in
which Chandler conducted affairs when Secretary of
the Navy, and if those two get into a row the Schley-
Sampson controversy will seem like a side show
General Gomez seems at last to be on the road
where he may find a job to his liking. The 'electoral
bill is being so framed in the ,Cuban constitutional
convention as to make the^old man eligible as a nat
uralized citizen for the position of President. :
It costs $4 13 a word to swear in Wilkesbarre, and
it is said that the town is such that most of the Tesi
dents accept the tariff upon the luxury with eager
ness. It affords them a necessary vehicle for the ex
pression of their feelings. '
One of the imposing features of California's
display Is a canned fruit house by the Cali
fornia Canners' Association, a structure about
twenty feet in either direction and built in
pagoda style entirely out of canned fruit, re
quiring about 9000 cans In its construction. As
a single feature this is admittedly the best
Among the interesting articles sent from
Stockton Is a fine display of everything from
raw wool to the finest manufactured goods
from th'e Stockton "Woolen Mills, some fine
plain and ornamental leather from the Stockton
Tannery, a model of a combined harvester
from Holt Brothers and some brlckettes from
the Tesla Coal Company. As a single Item
nothing attracts more attention from Eastern
visitors, and especially from Eastern farmers,
than the harvester.
Another feature of California's exhibit Is one
of the finest collections of forest and flelu pho
tographs to be seen at this exposition, includ
ing one picture of the Big Basin big tree
grove In Santa Cruz County by A. P. Hill that
is twenty feet long.
oratlve and not out of place.
In the Horticultural building California oc
cupies Just about two-fifths of the entire space.
On coming In at the main entrance California
products greet the visitor on either side, and
the Installation is such as to make a striking
and. favorable impression. Ontario, Idaho, Flor
ida, New York, Illinois, Mexico, Washington,
Oregon, Maine and Missouri are the other
places ¦ represented In this building and
as a rule their products as well as the
installation of them serve by contrast to show
California off to better advantage than if we
had the entire building. While fruit Is neces
sarily the dominant feature in California's ex-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
In the Dairy building we have cream and
butter put up In commercial or export packages
from some six or eight different dairies. These
attract more than ordinary attention from East
ern dairymen, as they generally concede that
our style of package is superior for export pur
poses to anything thus far In use in the East.
Editor Call: At this distance we are kept In
comparative Ignorance as to how much Is be
ing said by the press of the State about the
part which California is playing in the big
Exposition now In progress at Buffalo. The
Call has generally backed movements aimed at
California's advancement, especially -when as
sured that the effort was genuine and not In
tended solely to give some third-rate faker or
fourth-rate politician a Job, and hence I as
sume that its legion of readers will be inter
ested In knowing of the State's showing at
the Pan-American Exposition. To be brief,
then, California has easily the best State ex
hibit at this fair. We have a creditable mln
teral exhibit In the mining building, embrac
ing more than 2000 specimens and some seventy
odd varieties of commercial minerals; this is
handsomely Installed and carefully classified,
and to mining men and mineralogists especial
ly it Is a feature of much interest.
THE following letter, telling haw
California Is represented at the Pah-
American Exposition at Buffalo,
will be of "interest to residents of
this State:
hibit in the HOrtIcur hunding. -there are
other products of striking Interest. ,
For Instance, .California redwood, burl ana •
plain, beautifully polished, is ln^" l °u<^
worked in to form an office. The same wovu
in wax finish is worked into facades on the
main aisles. These, with other plain andjr-
namental wood specimens collected and sup-
plied by the Southern Pacific Company, con-
stitute even a more beautiful and striking wood
feature than Is made by any one State in the
Buhach W&™' ££
an7in clusters, are a strong feature, wd
, d ollveSf dried olives and olive oil hav*
£ prominent place.
Aneeles County and Fresno County hav»
l™ Angel se parate collective ex
their Jg»^ and aa tQ
Mbit, o nforn,a. 9 seneral display. Just
P«£ s ,„„,, , n quarter-pound package
now free under tne ausplCM
are chainher of Commerce from the
The people of San Francisco put those questions to Mr. Hays in order that He may
understand they are not ignorant of what his corporation is doing through its* attorney
W. F. Herrin, and its organ, the Evening Post. For themselves, the people will attend to
their political business and will ''kick Kelly out." Whether in politics or out of it, the
Southern Pacific Company cannot force a boss of the Kelly type upon the Republican
party of this city, when the better elements are aroused as they are to-day. When a set of
men first brand a boss as indecent, dishonest and a rascal, and then with that brand upon
him set about supporting him, their influence with self-respecting people is gone.
Backed by the support given him by the officials and the organ of your corpora
tion, Kelly'has had himself placed at the head of a gang ticket as a delegate for the Re
publican nominating convention from the Twenty-eighth District. That district, be
cause of its number, stands first on the roll, and should Kelly be elected his name will be
first that is called when the convention assembles. He will thus be placed conspicuously
as the representative of Republicanism in this city. He may name 'ttie chairman of the
convention — may dictate the committees.
' If he achieve that triumph, Mr. Hays, it will be mainly because of the support
given him by Herrin and the Post, both of whom are on the payroll of your corporation
and are under your control. Are you willing that men under your direction should take
this man, once denounced by them as a traitor, an impostor and a rascal, and lift him out
of the slums into the eminence at which his impudence aims?
Why is it, Mr. Hays, that an official drawing a salary from your corporation and'
a newspaper supported by a monthly subsidy from your corporation are now upholding
the political pretensions and aggressions of a boss who but a year ago your own news
paper denounced as indecent, a traitor, an impostor, dishonest, a menace and a rascal? .
The people of San Francisco say to Mr. Hays: The Kelly whom the organ of your
company thus described last September is the same Martin Kelly whom the organ of your
company is supporting to-day. Kelly has not changed. He has not reformed nor even re
pented. Why tlien is he now supported by the organ and the attorney of tfie Southern
Pacific Company?
" Kelly Is a Traitor."
"Kelly Is an Impostor."
. "Kelly Is Dishonest."
"Kelly. Is a Menace."
"Kelly Is a Rascal."
Last September the Evening Post, then, as now, an organ of the Southern Pacific
Company, published an editorial plainly declaring Martin Kelly's* character and the
public judgment upon it. In the course of the article the Post said:
"Kick Kellv Out "
"He Is Indecent."
WHEN* President Hays announced that under its new management South
em Pacific Company would attend strictly, to railroad business and abstain
from interference in politics, his words were received .with gratification
throughout California; and when a litttle- later he issued his order to the offi
cials and employes of the road to devote themselves exclusively to their duties to the
business of the company, there was a widespread hope that the; words of the promise were
to be fulfilled — that the railroad was to get out of politics and stay out. Now an elec
tion is at hand. The time has come for President Hays to make good his words. W. F.
Herrin is in politics; the Evening Post is in politics, and ; both Herrin and the Post are on
the payroll of the Southern Pacific Company. Does Mr. Hays regard their activity in
the support of Martin Kelly as a violation of his promise and his order, or not? Thit is
a question the people of California have a right to ask.. It is one which Mr.. Hays can
not evade.
CALIFORNIA EXHIBIT THE BEST
AT PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION
PRESIDENT HAYS • AND MARTIN KELLY.
THE SAN FKANCISCO OALL V MONDAY, iAUGUST 12, 1901.
Sire ¦ : ±£gM?Sk (Kail*'
MONDAY .AUGUST 12, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AUkm All CensmnicathM ts W. S. LEAKE, Kiniger.
<!<\AGER'S OFFICE. ..... .Telephone Press 2O4
rL"IILICATIO\ OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. *V
Telephone Preiis 201.
EDITORIAL ,noOMS 217 in 22t Stevenson St.
Trlcplionc Prm 2O2.
Oellrered »»r Carriers. 15 Oti<« Per WeeU.
Slnele Co^len. R Cent*.
Term* t>r Mail. InclmUnc Postitsret
rAILT CALT.. ¦ fincreijiri* Sunday), "one year J«.O0
DAILY CALL, flncludtn* Sunday). « months 1.00
DAILY CALL (lncIudlaK Funday). S month* 1.60
r»ILT CALL— Br Pintle Month GSo
rtTSTDAT CALI* On* Tear *•«>
WTEKLT CALU One Tear 1.00
All postmaster* nrr nnfiiorlzed to receive
¦ abftcrtptlons.
Eatseh) ccples "srlU ?» forwarded when requested.
Man rub*crtb»r* in trdttiar « % h»ne» of »ddr»«<« should ht
f*rtleular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to incur* a prompt «n<S correct «mrlian« Trlth their request.
O4KL.i\» OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C nRORGU KROf.\RS«.
Viz.t£ti FertlES Afrtrtirlng, Kirscette Building. Chicaga.
<I>ccjr X>i*tmxsc» Telephone •'Central *O».")
NEW TORK CORRESPON'DKNT:
• C. CAItLTOJT Herald Square
NEW TOSK REPRESENT ATTVB:
fTEPHEV H. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
w«:ar*-' i -A«tc!i<i Hotel: A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Vcrray Hill Hctel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Nfwi Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rmnont House: Auditorium Hotel.
nRAXCn OFFICES — OT Moatromery. <v>rrw of Clay, cpon
orttl *:» oVJocfc $00 Hayes, open until S:3P o'clock. 833
McAnirter. cpen cntll S:30 o'clocj*. €15 Larkln. open until
»:» o'clock. I»<1 Mission. cp«n until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clork. irpf Valencia, open
etstn $ o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open cntll 9 o'clock. NW.
oc-rwr Twenty-second and Kentucky, opea until 9 o'clock.
??<>• Kinmore. open until I r. m. •
4
AMTTSElffENTS.
Alcazar — "Silver- Mounted Harness."
Orand- Opera-house— "The Liars."
Central— "The Great Diamond Robbery."
Tlvoli— "La Favorlta."
California — "The Royal Box."
r »T"heuTn — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Mrs. Dane's Defer.ee."
Clympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenine.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Sutro Raths— STrimraing.
Ptate Fair and Exposition. Sacramento — September ; to 14.
By G. H. tTmlwen & Co. — Monday, August 12, at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
By Win. C. I,»yng;— Thursday, August 15. Trotting Horses,
at 721 Hoxrard etT-eet-
AUCTION SAXES.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Cal! ftuliscrfberit contemplating a change of
residence daring: the unmrner month* can have
tlirir paper forwarded by mail to tbelr new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This pa,rcr Trill also be on sale at afl summer
resorts :nd fs represented, by a. local attest lm
¦xll tower on the coast.DELEGATE tickets published under this heading bear the names of men who represent in their re
spective districts the true principles of home rule, honest rule and progressive municipal admin
istration under the auspices of the Republican party.
These delegates are indorsed by the Republican Primary League. Before going to the polls
next Tuesday every voter should carefully read the names printed on the paster and compare them with
the names herewith published. Every Republican -who is opposed to boss rule should vote the I/eague
ticket.
Twentv-Eie-hth District. A - M - Wallem. Ivan l. Peterson. , Edmund Tauszky. B. D. Pike.
J.wenry .cagm.il aiusvj.xi.u^ Samuel M. Snyder. W. de L. Klngabury. . I. L. Blum. Frederick Hancock
Thomas Westoby. N. E. \\hltcornb. H c Schaertzer. Joseph Lercarl. A. R. Ahlborn. J. G. destine
Fred J. Hopper. E S. Biering. j. h. Rawe. Thomas R. Hullng. A. C. Rulofson. Charles SutroJr
Frank A. Schmltz. "Walter Macaulay. w s GroV er. Joseph E. Lee. Lucius L. Solomons. S D Davis
Wm. J. Harrington. N. F. Witzeman. William Metzner. E.A.Parker. Alfred D. Allan. j' H. Hutaff
Fred Rolfe. James F. McCaffrey. F w Warren. Sam Gamble. John H Drumbell." M Kollmanri
Twenty-Ninth District. ggjVSSS! a & fiff 1 * £ £ barton! i a T weif ykea :
J- £ D M a c U^r n m y oit. J; Remake, £»£ SSSSi* W. \^^ %2gLHT%iZJ %. £ Ta^l
J Awood E. C. .Havens. H. C. Tabrett. L. WTiiteman. victor «. uiman. w. A. laylor.
A J. Gallagher. J. F. Kingston. Robert Ash. O. P. Beggs. Forty-First District.
J B McNamara, Charles H. Martin. w. H. Chapman. H. C. Langrehr. T . ¦ _ _ . -
J S Parry J. H. O'Brien. P. F. Ferguson. W. L. Coles. J°hn C. Currier. Herbert D. Walter.
Fred Hawes G. F. . Ochs. Henry von Werthern. ££ tn V r G ; T <l wn *- , ?• , J - f rl °£ le , Jr 
¦ , ... ,,_.,., \y h Kountz J B Barber Charles A. Murdock. Irvln J. WIel.
Thirtieth IMstrict. j b Matay Alfred von Barren Maurice Brandt. R. G. Schroeder.
Henry H Dilges. James Kennedy, AV. S. McDevitt. . Charles E. Thompson. William J. Hatman. William M. Gill.
H. Goetjen. . N. B. Engle. M. F. Taylor. Gustave Schnee. . A - E._Bucklngham James W. O'Rourke.
5 Gianettoni William Koehler. h. W. Melendy. fcanford Feigenbaum. F. C. Selfrldgre.
Sr h e D E rb Bertrand - Thirty-Seventh District. est o er B G eat B y urnett . S&^&^CrW
Matthew Harris John F. Twomey. G. H. Umbsen. . S. Bloom. E. B. Cutter. Stanley Forbes.
Al'red J Sadler! Horace B. Brown. J. K. Jones. M. J. Kuhl. E. J. Attrldge. William Reston.
mi.- il -o- * Tk«»*-^'«+ Benjamin Apple. T. P. Martin. Alonzo Trueworthy. O. C. Pratt.
Tmrty-xirSt,jJJlStriCt. E. W. Strange. Horace V. Carter. R. E. Campbell. John Maisch.
B J Flood John Ganey. J. Halleck Smith. Ell Pinner. J. E. Smith. H. R. Hopps.
j" A* Madden C T. Quirey. Jacob L. Rapheld. N. Schleslnger. William H.. Hammer.
John W Rogers. H. Wolflnger. Stephen M. Reynolds. Richard P. O'Meara. ' T« rt _+-1 e...^ TWe.+^«4-
D Mola'nder • William Tomsky. Charles F. Priest. G. W. Gibb. Forty-Second District
G* A Melsing D. T. Herring. Louis Goldstone. E. L. Waldteufel. W. W. Sanderson. Melville Hermann.
Hueh McElroy. G. Nelson. David Rich. Charles Hiby Jr. D. E. Allison Jr. John L. Davidson.
Louis B Solinsky. A.. C. Grlbble. , G. W. McCarthy. c. T. Deane. Norman H. Hurd.
TrdrtvlSecond District Philip Rogers. Leopold Bearwald. H. W.* Hutton. Charles Kaufmann.
imrty-oecona .UlSXriCl. vernon Upton. August Fuchs. Andrew A Guarlnl. L. C. Robinson.
Thomas C. Duff. C. M. Erlckson. Frederick A. Cooper. Edward R. Hanlon. George Lowenberg. S. S. Partello.
Wii^T HarSon: Elliott. Thirty-Eighth District. Richard J^line.
Mark F. Crowley. John T. Flynn. Byron Mauzy. L. Haake. R Bg Treat. Charles H. Ward.
Albert W. Lehrke. W. D. Getchell. George W. Blum. A. M. Currie. A W Martin. Robert N. RIsdon.
Walter A. Moreno. Mark Sheldon. J. p. Isolan. James F. Norman.
im,{.i._ TViirri TVic+tnr>f F. W. Thompson. h. H. Beckett. _ rm. , -~.- ._. .
Thirty-anira .District. B A Sammann w. r. cohn. Forty-Third District.
C D Douglas. Richard -Smith.. Myrtile Cerf. Martin Berwin. t p. nrM i> nTn . fTinrloq A nnmnnt
Henry Schulken. John Risto. J. J. Murry. John Gernns. Walter f? ffipston J?hn D Wlllon
John A. Weston. Frank L. Waeker. Charles Bliss. Emmett P. Barrett. Frank P* SWbSw James D Shay'
John McCabe. Frank X. Plstolesi. Joseph Uri. Clark Spence. ™othman JoSi J West
Charles Wiseman. Henry Leffman William Loewl. A. a Page jbhn Dellamonica. Joseph "Daneri.
J. Harry Plnkham. Hugh G. Hamilton. Ignatz Beck. D. W. Burchard. nnnipl TT Sullivan Frank Turhlpr
James F. Kelly. Charles MlUy. A D. Buckley. P. J. Shanzer. xlv er Mefret ES Strauss
Henry Burgers. Gustaf Swenson. c. J. McGlynn. F. T. Falrcloth. i euL ..James D Hart
Thomas Cavanaugh. f. Goldman. John H Harney
Thirty-Fourth District. Thirty-Ninth District. " ' Fortv 'fourth District
Carl Anderson. Ralph L. Hathorn. Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr.Epsa H Ashton. - *' *"
W W Chase. H. G. Krasky. Jacob Greenebaum. W. II. Conly. John H Nelson. ££ an . k 11 , 1 -.
Captain H. J. Burns. John Tonninesen. John A. Clover Joseph SFonseca. A - . «ea SflKT,
F P Duly E. D. Knight. ¦ Frank L. Von Rheln. Marc Anthony. Charles Reed Jr. £h ( " 1 % s Heinz.
J Corbett ' J. E. Elkington. Wilbur G. Zelgler. ft John A. McKenna. . J- . C. Ximball. Paul L Moses.
F W Burnett. F. L Waibel. Dr A. S. Adler. - Ralph N. Folks. A. Ruef. Harry Huff. .
Ciiffofd McClellan. Morgan Backus. Myer Jacobs. Joseph Carroll. Ge0 T ge T^± e n r f U ni rhlVS? H^fi&ri.*
p F Mertes G. I. Raychester. James F. Cosgrove. Phineas H. S. Barber. A. r,. Baclgalupi. Charles H. Somerlad.
H N Beatty L. T. Wagner. James P. Donahue. Ernest P. Therien. Walter Collier.
A' H. Menne. E. L. Knowles. Norman W. Hall. H. W. Fraser. Forty-Fifth District.
6 N^a'nge George T. Shaw Jr. £ J IB tamnton Eugene^. MPe / n , Victor O.son
* • TMrty-Fifth District. * J. K Neubarth. Joseph Donovan. Hobgrt , JZ™? £ r £\%™-
Clive A Brown James Cronogue. / Fortieth UlStriCt. - G . Scalmanlnl. L. A. Canepa.
Robert Husband. W. W. de Winton. Thomas P. AVood ward. Joseph F. Myrlck. L. E. Savage. W. R. Noonan.
REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT TICKETS
In the northern end of the city, at
Washington Hall, corner of Stockton and
Union streets, another big outpouring of
voters will be held. Every Republican of
the Forty-fourth District In favor of good
government Is expected to be present. The
principal speakers will be A. Ruef, D. W.
Burchard and Z. T. Caaon.
Three important meetings will be held
to-night in various parts of the city, and
it is the expectation of the managers cf
the Republican Primary League that all
will be numerously attended. At every
meeting able speakers will be present.
In the Twenty-eighth Assembly District
the meeting will be held at Young Men's
Institute Hall, corner of Folsom and Haw
thorne streets. I>. C. Crane, the president
of the league, will act as chairman of the
evening.
; In the Thirty-third Assembly District,
Maenerbund Hall, Twenty-fourth street
and Potrero avenue, will be the scene of.
the demonstration. A. J. Dannenbaum
and others will speak, while music and
bonfires will enliven the occasion.
iFlnal Mestings.
For instance, in' each district the Re
publican Primary League has sent to
every voter a slip bearing the names of
its candidates. An intending voter should
ask for a Republican ballot,, attach the
paster with the names printed thereon,
and proceed in the same manner as in all
other elections.
The polls will open to-morrow morning
at 6 o'clock and close at 5 p. m. This will
afford every one ample time to vote, but
those whose duties will permit should
vote as early as possible. There Is no
telling what delay might prevent one
recording a vote in favor of honesty and
clean politics.
Another feature Is that the same ballot
box will be used alike for Democratic and
Republican ballots, which will be count
ed by inspectors, judges and clerks ap
pointed- proportionately, according to
the party vote cast at the last election.
The use of pasters is permitted— another
feature with which voters should famil
iarize themselves.
stuff or grab a ballot box will find the
strong arm of the law reaching out for
him. .
* OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— President Ralston
of the Selby jj Smelting Works ' made the
following statement to-night: "The Win-
Ralston Denies Compromise.
For we have just received 500 pyrography
machines direct from Germany for mak
ing those admirable effects in burnt
leather and wood work. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. *
ters case has been left entirely in the
hands of the detectives. , We have borne
all' of the expense. and will pay the re
ward, "but 'we have had nothing to do
with- him.' I do not know what the de
tectives have done, but If they have of
fered him any money it is. a surprise to
me.- It is their business, though. A com
pany of our standing would not compound
a felony. -.Winters . will . be prosecuted. It
is, useless for him to stand trial. The
easiest way for him to do will be to plead
guilty, but , he must take his medicine." ,
Burn, Pyrographer,
FREMONT. Neb., Aug. 11.— The , arrest
of Jack Winters at San Francsico and his
subsequent confession to having stolen
$280,000 j from the Selby Smelting Works
recalls the fact that a Jack "Winters -was
concerned in a criminal action in this
place.. On February 7, 1885, Winters was
sentenced by Judge Post of the District
Court to four years at hard labor in the
State penitentiary, having been previously
found guilty by a jury of committing an
assault on a young woman. His reputa
tion at North Bend was unfavorable and
no witnesses were found to testify in. his
behalf. He has never come back to this
part of the State since completing his
term at the penitentiary.
Jack Winters Served a Term.
.Tlie Benevolent Order of Hermann's
Sons held its annual • picnic at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. About 1000 guests
were present and all voted the occasion a
most enjoyable • one. The committee "in
charge of arrangements consisted of E.
Michaelson, F. Fortmann, J. Hoohn. W.
Mass, F. Vorglender, P. Glaser. W. Poh
ler, F. -Meyer and D. Voight.
Hermann's Sons Sold Picnic;
H. Seufert, the secretary of the mining
corporation, announces positively that the
fire had an incendiary origin.. He says
it started in six places at once in the
vicinity of his company's holdings.
REDDING, Aug. 11.— Flakes of ashes
were dropping all day in Redding, and
their appearance was that of falling snow.
The cause was a fierce forest fire across
the Sacramento River, several miles north
of town. Territory six miles in length and
several miles in width was burned over.
A dwelling, the property of J. L. Bass, a
merchant whose place of business is at
Baird, was destroyed. The entire force of
the North California Investment Com
pany, operating the Black Diamond cop
per mine, turned out to fight the flames,
but were unable to stay their progress.
Forest Fires Give Snow-
Like Flakes jbo the
Wind.
about that," he said. He would not deny
it. refusing .to talk merely. *
Sheriff Veale will in all probability take
Winters to Martinez this afternoon. He
has a warrant sworn out and will arrive
in this city this morning. He left Mar
tinez on the 5:30 o'clock train last night
with the intention of stopping off at Val
lejo Junction. Winters once removed
from this city the scene will shift to
Martinez — for all features of the robbery
but the distribution of the reward. |
Chief Tjees and Captain Seymour had
a handshaking party In the captain's of
fice most of the afternoon. They were
open to congratulations, and the old chief
seemed thoroughly satisfied ' with every
thing, praised everybody in the case— but
Veale— and even went so far as to dis
claim, any interest in the way the reward
would be distributed. Captain Seymour
was in like frame of mind. Lees compli
mented Seymour and his force of detec
tives, and they they all went out and had
n drink nnd then went home, expressive
of thanks for the speedy ending of a
troublesome Job.
The distribution of the 525,000 reward
is likely to cause some truoble. Lees
seems to think that the work was dona
by himself, Seymour, Sayers of the Pin
kertons and Tom Gibson. But there are
others who are likely to figure in it.
Harry Morse was there on the opening
day; so was Sheriff Veale. Lees also
dashes cold water on Peter Donaldson,
the Selby employe, who Is said by Super
intendent Von der Ropp to have furnished
the first information in regard to Jack
Winters hs having a possible connection
with the crime.
As far as a. prosecution groes, Leea saya
that he Is ready to step forward and
bring: an accusation against Winters, If
no cno else does. This was given with
mucli fcuperlitat of air yesterday. In re
gard to the price offered Winters to con
fess, Lees practically admitted that such
was the case when he defended : that
course of action and claimed that it was
no other than the Selbys' business, and
that they acted within the pale of the
law, as the man had not been charged
with the crime. The money, he says,
miRiit be offered for the discovery of the
pol^, but not on a promise of immunity
from punishment.
Wo More Gold Found.
CROCKETT, Aug. 11.— From early this
morning: until sunset men have been dili
gently searching and grappling for the
remainder of the stolen Selby gold. which
lies burled In the bottom of the bay at
Vallejo Junction. But their efforts have
been In vain, not even a trace of the bullion
being discovered; To-night the j place 'id
ASHES SHOWER
UPON REDDING
Continued From Page One.
VEALE WILL TAKE WINTERS
Mesa Grande Fiesta In
cludes Sensational
Features.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEX5O, Aug. 1L— Two marriages,
two deaths from natural causes and one
man shot. These were the prinlcpal events
at the Mesa Grande fiesta. The Indians
and tome dissolute Mexicans and Ameri
cans had everything their own way during
this year's fiesta, of which the principal
day was August 4, "El rrta de San Do
mingo."
On that day the mothers bring their
babies to be baptized by the padre, and
bashful swains lead still more bashful
maidens to the matrimonial altar. The
first to have the nuptial knot tied this
time was Juan Leo, usually a steady,
hard-working young man, living on War
ner's ranch. The steadiest sometimes
lose their nerve on their marriage day,
and so it was with Juan Leo.
By way of celebrating he filled himself
with intoxicants, which seemed to be plen
tiful, and during the night was Inclined to
be quarrelsome. At midnight he was bet
ting on a peon game. .Somebody called
him an offensive name, when he Imme
diately started to jerk his revolver from
his back pocket. A friend. La Borio Peg
no, saw the movement and instantly
grabbed the pistol, which was acldentally
discharged. Pegno received a painful
wound. The ball went through the fleshy
part of the hand and penetrated his thigh,
where it etill is and will probably remain.
The wounded man was carried to his home
on the Balcan reservation.
During the time this fracas was in
progress another man lay dying close by
in one of the ramadas, amid the mourn
ful and weird wailing of the women. He
had been ill for a long time, and one of his
last requests was that his people take him
over to the fiesta, which was done. An
old woman also died soon after, and then
another couple were married.
The Government has abolished the In
dian police system for this agency as to
tally incompetent, so everything was with
out restraint, and those that desired
liquor had all they wanted. As a conse
quence there was more. drunkennesa and
debauchery than usual.
Tlie delegation in the Fortieth District
put forth by the Republican Primary
League Club is headed by Thomas P.
Woodward, president of the Republican
Fortieth District.
Among the most rabid, fire-eating par
tisans of the bosses in the Thirty-sixth
District is W. J. Guilfoyle, one of the
most vociferous of the San Francl&co
delegation. Guilfoyle earned a hard namo
In the last Legislature. The Kelly and
Crimmins element has been notorious for
years In this district for its bulldozing
tactics.
James H. Wilson, whose name has been
used by the Kelly-Crimmins combination
to head their ticket In the Thirty-sixth
Assembly District, is out in an emphatic
denial of the right of that organization to
use it. Frank French, who claims to carry
the district in his vest pocket and is one
of the most trusted of the bosses' lieu
tenants, has placed his name at the head
of a misleading ticket, and circulars have
been placed in the hands of voters,
informing them that the ticket headed by
Wilson became the successors of those
Interested in the original Grand Hotel
committee. Wilson was one of the men
who initiated the Grand Hotel movement,
and after numerous conferences among
the representatives from that district, all
the clubs were consolidated Into the Re
publican Primary League. This ticket is
therefore the only one that represents the
decent element of the Republican p,arty
in this district.
Thirty-Sixth District.
learns that the ex-officio regency is men
tioned in order to boom the Kelly-Crim
mins ticket in certain districts. Citizens
should understand that the cheapest and
lowest grade of politicians sometimes at
tain to ex-ofncio regency. Boss Kelly's
Speaker of the Assembly. "Corney" Pen
dleton of Los Angeles, is Regent ex-oflicio.
The faculty, the student body, the regular
Regents and the enlightened public gener
ally have no more respect for some of the
ex-office Regents than the law allows. The
.attempt on the part of the push politi
cians, however, to use the good name of
tlte Board of Regents to help the Kelly-
Crimmins ticket will excite general con
tempt.
President von der Ropp remained in
San Francisco to-day, but is expected to
arrive on the early morning train to-mor
row to attend to the construction of the
cofferdam, which is to be built around
the gold, material being already upon the
ground. The excitement of the past few
days has somewhat abated now, and to
morrow the search' for the bullion will
probably be continued with better results.
"Do you suppose," said one of the offi
cials, "that this man is to be allowed to
go unpunished after perpetrating such a
crime. Even If we did fail to prosecute
him the law would have to take its course
and Winters is not going to get off as
easy as he may Imagine."
From' some of Winters' co-workers it
was learned that for a long time Winters
was not thought to be in his right mind,
and some give vent to the opinion that
they would not be surprised at any time
to hear that he had become a. raving ma
niac. "Sometimes,'.' said one of them to
day," he would go homo from work in
the evening and appear on the street as
many as six or seven times, and each
time he would have on a different suit of
clothes. This caused much comment
among his fellow workers and gained him
the sobriquet of 'Butterfly Dude.' From
Bll outward appearances Winters was
what is known as a 'woman hater,' but if
rumor counts f or anything he was quite
a figure in the local tenderloin."
being closely guarded by Detective Kem
ble and several other Plnkerton men, and
it goes without saying that no outsider
who values his life will venture near the
resting 1 place of the treasure however
tempting it may seem. All day long the
wharves have been crowded with curioug
onlookers who gazed with awe and won
der at the soot from which many thou
sands of dollars' worth of bullion was re
covered yesterday.
Further inquiries among representatives
of the Selby Company to-day devloped the
fact that there was no compromise with
"Winters and that he would b© prosecuted
to the fullest extent.
Under a statute passed by the last Leg
islature to-morrow has been declared a
municipal legal holiday by the Board of
Supervisors. This means that the de
partments of the city government will not
be open for tho transaction of, business.
It is also collection day. and many mer
chants, in order to afford themselves an
opportunity to vote, have seriously con
sidered the postponement of the semi
monthly gathering in of debts until the
following day. A movement to this ef
fect may be started to-day.
In many other respects the methods of
the coming election are an innovation.
Voters are governed by the same laws
and penalties as the State imposes in a
Presidential, State or municipal election.
A fair count is assured, and any boss
scenting defeat In the air who dares to
A meeting of the executive committee of the
Thirty-sixth District Central Republican Club
was held at Twin Peaks Hall Saturday even
ing last. Chairman Robert Ash presided and
in the course of his remarks stated that the
Kelly and Crimmins Club of the Thirty-sixth
District was using the Central Republican, or
Grand Hotel, Club circulars and endeavoring
to convey the Impression that it represented
the Central Republican Club of the Thirty
sixth District. This is false. It is well known
that we are the recognized Central Republican
Club of the Thirty-sixth District, and that we
have lately affiliated with the Primary League
Club and are equally represented by delegates
on the Primary League ticket, and we have
no affiliation whatever with the Kelly-Crlm
mins 1 Club, of which Frank French is presi
dent, and caution all voters not to be misled
by such underhanded practices, but to be sure
and vote the entire Primary League ticket.
ROBERT ASH,
Chairman Executive Committee.
W. A. COLWELL., Sec. Ex. Committee.
Remember to Vote Early.
The following letter has been received
by the Call: ¦ • ...
French's Vest Pocket District.
Primary League. All the names on the
ticket are those of well known Republi
cans of good commercial standing, and it
is as a whole one of the best tickets
presented in San Francisco for tho suf
frage of the voters of any district. Its
personnel is of high character.
GRIME, DEATHS
AND WEDDINGS
It is unfortunate that a movement that
originated two years ago from a pure
source should have permitted itself to be
deflected and polluted to the extent Indi
cated by this last debasement and sacri
fice of principle. Since the president of
that organization, Samuel C. Irving, was
defeated as the candidate for delegate in
his own district he ha?, for some reasons
best • known to his neighbors and others
best known to himself, assumed a mal
odorous opposition to all that makes for
good In politics. Knowing that the ten
dency of the feeling of the good people
In his district is to the support of the
anti-boss ticket, he has sought on all oc
casions since his personal discomfiture to
vilify and ?buse the Republican Primary
League and its supporters.
Irving, by reason of his association with
a local Institution, is ex-orncio Regent of
the State University. The Primary League
The ghost of the defunct Grand Hotel
party is the Central Republican Commit
tee. In most of the districts this central
committee, so called, has no tickets of its
own, and in order to carry out its plot of
throwing the municipal government into
the hands of the discredited bosses It has
acted in a sneaking fashion and submit
ted to the people the Kelly and Crimmins
ticket as its own ticket.
Tlie Hotel Ghost.
The only safe course for voters to pur
sue is to spurn and reject the tickets in
dorsed by the allied bosses. In the hot
bed of bossism — the Twenty-eighth As
sembly District— Martin Kelly places him
self at the head of the ticket. In that dis
trict he makes no pretense of asking: the
support of intelligent independent citizen
ship. He relies on his own rounders and
such Democratic aid as Sam Rainey can
supply. In the Forty-first District the
allied bosses have directed Dibble to make
concessions to respectability, but the issue
is the same in each district. Kelly is
working with the desperate energy of a
resourceful and determined boss to get
control of the convention and seize the
municipal patronage of San Francisco.
Every Republican who fails to support
the Primary League ticket in this contest
.helps Kelly in his fight against the people.
Only Safe Course for Voters.
If the tickets supported by the allied
bosses should happen to win the people
will not be represented in the municipal
nominating convention. In several dis
tricts where Kelly, Crimmins and the reg
ular push politicians have found the sen
timent overwhelmingly anti-boss the ma
nipulators of the boss machine have nom
inated a few respectable citizens for dele
gates. These respectable men, if elected,
will have no voice in directing the affairs
of the convention. They will be compelled
to vote as the bosses direct, for Kelly and
Crimmins have taken every precaution
known to practical politicians to provide
that the majority shall register the will of
the bosses despite the opposition of the
minority.
this: "Shall the people or the
bosses rule?" The Primary League holds
that the people should govern tho city;
that the municipal nominating convention
should be composed of representative cit
izens. If the delegate tickets indorsed by
the Republican Primary League win out
to-morrow the people will be represented
in the convention. Moreover, the conven
tion will be independent and unpledged.
The league has no candidates for office.
THE delegate tickets put forward
by the Primary League represent
tho anti-boss sentiment of ths
Republican party. The issue is
At the polls to-morrow the paid
henchmen of corrnpt bosses ¦will rc-
Kort to unprincipled methods to de
ceive the honest and well-mennlnR
voters. Cltirens shonld procure in
advance the pasters containing the
names of Republican League nomi
nee*. When, the bnllot is obtained
at the pollinsr place the paster
shonld be properly affixed thereto.
Red banners will indicate the loca
tion of Republican League tlcliet
stands. Citleens should b.evrare of
rounders employed to misdirect
voters. The bosses acknowledge in
advance that a heavy vote will
jflve victory to the forces of Rood
government, hence ever?- citizen en
titled to vote should participate in
the election to-morrow. Failure to
vote Is a half vote for the corrupt
bosses.
Every worklnRman, merchant.
bnftineKft man, manufacturer and
property owner in San Francisco
f.Iiou1<I prepare to vote at the prim
ary election to-morrOTV. The ene
mies of Kooil jrovernmeiit are ap
pealing to pHMlonn and claim prejn
dlees to accompli nil the evil ends
of bosstsm. Republican citizens who
are concerned in the nroHnerity and
development of the city and who
favor a liberal. prosresslve and
honest administration of municipal
affairs nhonld support the delegates
Indorsed l»y the Ileptibllcan Primary
liPaKne. Allied bonnes, backed, by
tax looters from tlie interior, are
active in underhanded attempts to
break down' the barriers of home
rule v nnd csinbliKli In this city a
State oligarchy.
( - ' * ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ i ¦..'.:' ¦'.¦.¦ ,•¦;-.' . ¦- - . ¦ , ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALili, MON DAY, ATTGrTJ ST 12, 1901.
Success of Republican Primary League Ticket Means Home Rule' and Honest Government*
Triumph of the Kelly-Crimmins Gang Means Reign of Plunder and Tax Looting*
ALL SIGNS POINT TO A BIG VOTE AND SWEEPING
ANTI-BOSS VICTORY AT TO-MORROW'S ELECTION
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT, r
DANIEL FRAWLEY
Presents j i !
"THE LIARS."
By Henry Arthur Jones
First Time In Ttls City at Popular Prices.
Daniel Frawley as Colonel Sir Christopher
Deerlng.
E. J. Morgan in His Original Role of
Edward Falkner.
SAME PRICES 10c, 15c, 23c, 50c, ISO
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 23a
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— "BROTHER OFFICERS."
22 VAUDEVILLE CELEBRITIES
FROM HOMEAND ABROAD.
Chas. H. Brashaw and Company, R3-
marc and Riley, Hill and Silviany,
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kelcey, Sift-
son, Wallace and Company, Tha
, Molasso-Salvaggi Troupe, Alex-
andra Dagmar, The Standard
Quartet and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Open
Chalra and Box Seats. 60c.
ALL THIS WEEK, . •
MR. JAMES AND THE
IMF? 1 1 1 NEILL
/ W Mm* I Mm* Mm* COMPANY.
Presenting
"THE ROYAL BOX."
Evening 25c. 35c. 60c. 75c, 11.09
Saturday Matinee 25a, 50c. Too
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.... 25c, 60a
NHXT SUNDAY NIOHT.
By Request. i
"BARBARA FRIETCHIE.**
Seats Ready Thursday.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MEMPHIS TCTCNTraiPT, JUNE MA*
THIAS, ED F. BEYNABD, JLTHKh'
MAY, IRVING JONES, LEVY
AND PARENT.
NEW - MOVINfi - PICTURES
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OP THE AIR.
THUBSDAY NIGffif^THE AMATEZJ1S
IN A NEW NOVELTY.
Telephone tor Se«.f— Parh tt. -
GattlB anddrlDrsB^ .
Dairy Contests*
&S&? JExhibHs Wi^
G <fT*r ted Free "
fop Partieulara W^iiE.
6edWJack5on. AB.,Spreckei^
'PRESIDENT.-
SUTRO BATHS, -i
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. xn. to 11 p. m.
Bathing: from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHH»DRElSr. 6c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c. Children. 20c
PALACE ¦'.--
¦ ___ These hotels possets
AND the attributes that tour-
***»*• Ists and travelers ap-
CDAfH\ ¦ predate — central loca-
WvAWU tlon, liberal manase-
MATCT C merit, modern appoint-
nU 1 ITP r\ ments and perfect cul-
¦ line.
San American and Euro-
*^ pean plans.
Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year,
AUCTION
Of the Crook's Properties.
ff^^pi ) SI EBB I55B C^3 3SH S
SA I IF?
BY ORDERjOF COURT.
THIS DAY,
MONDAY,
AUGUST 12 1901,
At IT o'clock nccn. at salesroom of
G, H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 MONTGOMERT ST.
l«o. 813 Washington Street.
*ScuiJ.ve«t ccrritr Y.'ashinjrton and Waverly
place, fcf-tween Duront and Stockton Bts.: ltn-
jroveTT-er.ls consist cf three-story bride build-
ins^; rrm« ?16€ per month.
Nos. 716 and 718 Jackson Street
North lire, betvreen Dupcnt and Stockton
sts : improvements consist of four-rtory pub-
V"-a3tir.l brlrk buildins; rents 1250 per month:
Met :4:«xi:7:6.
FOTEEEO.
Tne fellow-ing three pieces are In tlie vicinity
of yroDcrtles recently purchased by the Santa
Fe I'.siiroad Company:
6o'jtl.f>ast corner 19th and "»Vlscott»ln sts.;
lot 12Cix:!l. lrrcjrular.
POTHEKO.
ICoTtliwe«t comer isth and Wisconsin sta.;
lot £7xlC5, irres^'ar.
POTREHO.
ICcrth-west comer JSth and Wisconsin sts."
lot LClMr,2. Irregular.
TOWKSEin) STEEET,
J5etween Third and Fourth Fts.. northwest line.
opposite the Southern Pacific P^ailroad depot!
This choice holding ruitable for rnanufactnr-
lst end warehouse purpoEee; lot 80x275, lr-
rerular; ? frontage?.
For further particular? apply to referees.
J. T. HAR1IES, etc Market et.
G. H. rilBSEN. 14 Montffomerx- «U
P. J. eULLIVAX. Parrott bld'g. %
§VIM. UGOR. VITA.LIT*- forMLN
MORMON" E1SHOKS PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and »helr
follower*. Positively cure the
worst cases In oil and young
arising from eCecta of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
eigrarette-cmokin*. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Loss<?s. Insom-
r.la. Pain* In EacV. Evil Desires, Larae Bark, •
Ntrroui Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss cf Semen. -— Yaricocel* cr Con-
l «1pation. Stop Ner »^ KB vous Twitching of
' E.v«lida. EfTects are^Ti-jTr^lmmedlate. Im-
jrtirt >-lBor and pot«*- E -™ TS 'ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despenaent; a care Is at hand.
Keetore email, undeveloped organs. Btlmulata
the brain anJ nerve centers: 50c a box; 6 for
5? SO by mail. A written gruarantee to cure, or
money refunded with S boxes. Circulars free.
Addrew BISHOP TtEMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
Ban Francisco. Cal GRANT DRUG CO., 3J
End O Third st.
'.Mnrlvaled befort the public for to years as a
1 At'- in Kemedy. It Instantly relieves and HUlckly
- Vtjr»?s iJl Colds, Bore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
c-hltU. Pneumonia, Rehumatlem, Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothachs and all pain. Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All dru?s:lstfl.
RADWAY'S BEADY RELIKF baa utood
} visit DR. JORDAN'S great,
OF ANATOMY
A Ob I0Elltt2ZSTST.be:.64*7tk,S.rCal. (
\ Cf e Largest Atxtomical Mu«c tm in the
D .J-. World. WealcsctiCi or inj contracted .
V f!~ ¦£*$ wseaw posiil«rlr«tBr«4hjr the oldest
Q tj I i>peciali« on the Coast. Est. 36 years.
A $52^1 DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN ,
FCnS^B Ccn^u'tation free and stripy priyate.
/ I lies' H Treatment I personally or bjr Iftter. A 1
* 6 IT Si H J* 0 " 1 '*' Cure in every ca« unrfcrtsken. '
Ami ll» Write f« Book.
f I /[ till u«nniA<.r. mailed free, (a 1
i JJ l| r raloeble book for mm)
r Da. 1OBDAX A CO., 1051 MnrkrtSt.S. P. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<f TELEPHOBE -*"jS^ Vk Wf V±M
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDliCTIOilS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
TEA, ten different kinds * Ib 40c
All our hlgh-prade 50c teas.
COX GELATINE, Reg. 12Jc pkg IOc
The old reliable.
MACARONI, thev^ s L Cal box 20c
TAFFIES, extra fine, £*. nd 50c Ib 25c
DEVILED BAM, 2 R £ large tin 15c
P. A- AV. For sandwiches.
CATSUP. L.L. & Co:s ¦££*£ bot 15c
CLARET. Reg. 59c gallon 35c
All California wines are advancing.
Take advantage of this sale.
JOHNSON'S HAIR TONIC
AND DANDRUFF CURE, bot 50c
Highly recommended.
ARCTIC FREEZERS; « -
To close out for the season.
3 <jt. 4 qt.
Rep. ?2. DOW ?1.30. $2.30. $1.«
fi Qt 8 <jt.
Rep. S3. now l?2.1O. $3.75, t?2.4O
Only limited amount at above prices.
>s ACORN (HCHEL) COFFEE, ?L e Ib 20c
The best substitute for refinlar coffee.
MALT WHISKEY, g-g bot 75c
A mefiicir.nl article.
COLGATE'S TOILET WATER, bot 76c
8 c: Reg 8?c
11 (JifTerent odors.
SA?MES, 4i Bezters" 14 2 R s e f tin 20c
Bor.ole«s — In finest olive oil-
CARPET SWEEPERS, - $2.55
Bisse I's Cyco Bea-mg. Peff. S3. 50
And dustproof casing. hiEhly nickel-
RYE'winSKEY, "hermitage" 1589
Regular $5.on gallon JM.3O
Regular HJU bottle :?1.13
ITALIAN PRUNES, f^ c 3 ibs 25c
Large size and fine flavor.
COGNAC, £& .- ¦ bottle $1.35
S-Ftar. bottled in France,
Triooche. Bnnniot & Co.
LATEST ADJUSTABLE CURTAIN
STRETCHERS, || K 50 $2.25
Flat and fquare corners— easel back.
Mellin's Food is not a medicine, but a
proper and satisfactory substitute for
mother's milk when the natural nour-
ishment cannot be obtained. Because
Mellin's Food contains the necessary
nutritive elements in the proper pro-?
portions and quantities, the infant's
development is natural and complete
and prepares a foundation for future
health and activity.
SEND fOR A FREE SAMPLE OP MELLIN'S FOOD.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
MELLIN'S
jk m^ftr Sa*P
H Oak or mahogany Rocker with ,
*,¦ upholstered spring seat. $3.25
jfl Get an estimate from us on
¦a everything required to furnish
¦ your entire establishment. Credit
3 and free delivery within 100 miles.
I We close at six.
I "We close at 6 except on Satur-
I days and days before holidays.
On those days at 10 o'clock.
I. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square. -
DR.MEYERS&CO. *tfgl§%s
Specialist. Disease if?"
and weakness of W&0J V
men. Established t&tmf
1S81. Consultation fF?f
and private book \\*y t "^* \\
free, at office or by <^\j*y I
mp.il. Cures guar- l^^fiXSftSaijU
anteed. 731 Mar- }^^®^^f
ket street (eleva- J^ ><^S*^/3 ',
tor entrance), San
AMTJSE3IENTS.
S*ftl 1 1MB I A 8MFBMCS001
LEADING THEATRE
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Last 6 Nights— Matinee Saturday.
CHARLES FROHMAN'S
Empire Theater Company.
Presenting HENRY ARTHUR JONES'
Greatest Play,
MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE,
Next Monday, Daniel Frohman's Co., including
Hilda Spong, presenting
"LADY HUNTWORTH'S EXPERIMENT."
*xiypi:i*
EVENINGS AT 3 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY "AT 3 SHARP.
GF*/*rsr> opera.
To-Night, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday,
LA FAVORITA
First appearance of the Famous Tenor,
AGOSTINI.
Tuesday, Thursday, Sat. Matinee and Sunday,
OTELLO
First appearance of
mONTANflRI,
Prlma Donna Soprano.
POPULAR PRICES— SSc. 50c and 75c
Telephone— Bush 9.
BEtMSCO AmaTHAlES
Beginning TO-NIGHT— All this week.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate production of the Powerful Drama,
THE GREAT
DIAMOND ROBBERY.
Plenty of strong character humor. Elaborate
Scenic features. Magnificent effects.
DDirCC Evenings .10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 60c
rniVLJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 23c
THIS MONDAY, AUG. 12.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
3?HtST NIGHT of Charlotte Thompson's
New Play,
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
During Act * 3 an entirely new, sensational
dance arranged by PROF. BOTH WELL
BROWNE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
.mOfJIipp'O CONCERT HOUSE.
1 Irene Franklin, 'William Norden. Dutch "Wal-
ton. GalTnej- and Burton. Maud : Still, - Jones
and i Brown, Seymour and Hill and ' Hlnrlchs"
unrivaled orchestra. ¦ . „ ¦ .
Reserved Seats, 25c. . Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.the height of tide la the same at both places.
', 1 MONDAY. AUGUST 12.
Sun rises ; ; 5:2'
Sun sets 7:0i
Moon rises 3:34 a. m.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Like a Stack of Blues
Or any other color, size or style of poker
chips, dice, playing cards, grame counters
and tally cards? We don't keep any kind."
We sell all kinds, for our prices ar« fair.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.,* 7<1 Market street. •
, Fourth race, ono mile— Whaleback ' 121
pounds, Boardman 121, Dr. - Hart 121,
Twinkler 121, Limber Jim ; 121, : Comlngr
Event 117. .
Third race, six furlongs— Blue Bell 117
pounds, Mike Rice 119, Gold Baron 119,
Jack McCabe 119, Pongo 119, Catherine
Bravo 110. ll«tliy"iTiIifrt"-i™
Second race, five furlongs — Skirmish 117
pounds, San Cleiveden 117. Pldalia 117,
Bagdad 119, Fine Shot 119, Galene 117, Gyp
sy Boy 93. ;
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 1L— The entries for
the races to-morrow are as follows: First
race, 2:16 class trotting— Dan TV, Alta
Vela, Ly nail, Fioradora, Puerto RicoT*- '
Santa Rosa Race Entries.
J. Collins : and T. -Leach."....!, .......... 75 arM
*• M Urphy - 74 I™
W. H. v Egan (Llvermore champion). 1 ; 21 19 21
B. J. Sweeney 18 21 17
J.' Lawless and "W. Walsh...... 21 21 17 20 21
D. Connelly and M. Joyce 13 15 21 ' 21 16
J. Glynn and J. McGlnty.. ............ ¦ 21 91 91
P. Falo andJ. Regll 14 j^-jj
P. Parrell and J. Madden..... 21 16 21
T. Sweeney and J. Quinlan.. 13 21 ' 18
W. Kelly and G. Hutchinson.... 21 19 21 11 81
P. Hutchinson and P. Kelly 16 21 20 21.13
French game —
A. Agulrra and J. Eramuspl 65 «»«
J. Gonl and J. Bldart :.. 28 ac'es
M. McNeil and P. McKinnon.......... 21' 19 21
G. McDonald and L. Carraine..... 14 21 17
F. Smith and G. Green.. .,21 21 15 *>i
W. Johnson and. M. Edwards......' 13 11 21 18
The-games at the San Francisco hand
ball court yesterday resulted as follows:
E. Barry and'J. Klrby..i. ...;.. 21 14 ' 21 21 °1
D. Regan and- M. Klrby.... 17 21 13 19 ]5
San Francisco Court.
¦„ , v A ?' *• B H- SB. PO. A. B.
Relti. 2b 4 1 2 0 0 J n
Kelly, ss 4 0 0 0 3 2 2
Hutchinson. lb 8 1 1 o 9 10
Householder, cf .... 4 1 0' 0 S 0 0
Atherton. rf 4 1 J o t 1 0
Reilly, 3b S 11 0 It "
Bowman, If 4 0 10 0 0 0
Spies, c.4 4 0 1-0 7. 0 0
LOS ANGELES,
' Totals. 31 ,3- 4 1 »23 10 2
•Kelly out; bunted thfrd strike. "Batted for
Hodson In ninth lnningr.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 0 0 1 o l i o
Lohman, c 2 0 0 0 4 o 1
Strelb. lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
EaKan, 3b 4 0 1 10 2 1
Dunleavy, If 4 1 10 1 0 0
Francks. ss 4 *0 1 o 1 2 0
Arrellanes, 2b 4 1 ¦ 0 . 0- 2 4 0
Held, rf 1 1 0 0 4 0 0
Hodeon, p 2 0 0 0 0 10
"Mosklman 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
OAKLAND.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11. — Errors cut little
figure In the score to-day, the pitchers being
responsible for every run but one. Consecutive
batting In two Innings gave Los Angeles enough
runs to win. The score:
Game for !Los Angeles.
Among the other passengers scalded
are: Steve Broskie, W. B. Campbell,
James O. Smith, J. E. -Henry and Ed
ward Miller, all of -McKeesport. . > " :.
Of the eighteen pasengers aboard the
yacht' none escaped burns.
The yacht Quail was owned by W. N.
Campbell. She had just started . on . a
pleasure trip up the Monongahela River
when two of the tubes of the boiler blew
out In an instant the entire boat was
enveloped in a cloud of escaping steam
and flames. .All the passengers jumped
into the river and after much ¦• trouble
were rescued by campers along the bank.
McKEESPORT, Pa,, Aug. 11.— Two per
sons were probably fatally burned and a
dozen more or less - severely injured as
the result of an explosion on a pleasure
yacht in the. Monongahela River near
Peters Creek this morning-. Robert Cris
well and Harry Osborne were so badly
scalded and burned that they will prob
ably die.
Tubes of Boiler Blow Out
and Steam Envelopes
the Passengers. ~
Brigadier General B. "W. Spencer, presi
dent of the National Rifle Association of
America, is watching the work of all com
petitors very closely.
NEW YORK, Aug. 1L— The competition
for places on the American* team, of r!fie
shooters who will take part In the contest
for the Palma centennial trophy, which is
open to teams of eight riflemen from all
countries, will take place on the range at
Sea Girt. August 23 and 24. Sharpshooters
from different parts of the country are
daily practicing, for the National Associ
ation tournament which will begin August
30 and extend to September 7.
to Contest for the Palma Cen
;,;«: tennial Trophy.
Eight Sharpshooters "Will Be Chosen
COMPETING FOR PIECES
ON AMERICAN" RIFLE TEAM
Hartwell, p ......... 3 0 1 0 1 2 0
Totals \ 33 5 9 0 27 10 , 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 <?•<> 0-1 10 0 1—3
Base hits l'O 0 1 1.- 1.0 -0.0-4
Los Angeles 0 0-03 20 0,0 *-5
Base hits ..." ...0 0 3 3 2 0 0 1 •— 9
SUMMARY. .. i'.'rO
Runs responsible for-^-Hodson 5. Hartwell. 2.
Home run— Dunleavy.' Three-base hit—Bowman.
Two-baseihlts— Atherton, Hutchinson. Sacrifice
hit— Reilly. First base, on errors— Oakland 3,
Los Angeles 2. First base on called balls—Oak
land 6 Los Angeles 1. Left on bases — Oakland
• 7, Los Angeles 6. Struck out— By Hartwell 7,
by. Hodson 4. > Double plays— Reits to Kelly to
Hutchinson; Atherton : to •Hutchinson: Kelly to
Hutehlnson. Wild pitches— Hodson 1, Hartwell
1.- Time of game- One hour and forty minutes.
Umpire-Levy. ....;—
Batteries— Callahan and Sugden; Bracken and
Wood. -t'V'' * " ¦ ¦
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— Cleveland won by the
clever work of the new pitcher. Attendance.
7100. Score: ' r hV e .
Chicago 3 9 3
Cleveland 4 H l
Milwaukee 5 10 6
Detroit ....16 20 6
Batterles^ — Reldy, Hawley and Maloney; Sie
ver and Shaw. ¦ ¦ v -
DETROIT, Aug. 11.— Both Reldy and Hawley
were batted all over the field this afternoon.
The wretched fielding of both teams was ac
counted for in part by the .roughness of the
grounds. Attendance, 4500. Score:
R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Chicago ¦ 1 4 0
Plttsburg 6 11 1
Batteries— Waddell and Kahoe; Doheny and
Yeager. Umpire— O" Day. V.V : :
Batteries— Harper and Schriver; Phillips and
Bergen. Umpire — Brown. .
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— With men on bases to
day Waddell was the easiest kind of a mark
for Pittsburg. Doheny, with Wagner's great
fielding back of him. had the locals completely
at his mercy. Attendantfa, 7000. Score: . .
R. H. E.
ST. LOUIS. Aueuat 11.— Both clubs batted
thirteen Innings to-day before St. Louis, on a
two-base hit by Kruger. secured the deciding
run. Attendance. 11,000. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis ."•...;; 3 . 14 2
Cincinnati -.- 2 11 3
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
The transport Logan will be taken to
Mare Island by the tugr Slocum this morn
ing. She will be thoroughly overhauled
at the navy yard.
The tramp steamer Cymbellne went to
THIRTEEN-INNING -GAME
IS FLAYED AT ST. LOTTIS
"Water Front Notes.
BRISTOL. R. I., Aug. 11.— The Consti
tution did not escape injury In yesterday's
race off Newport, and the boat arrived
here this morning In tow of her tender to
be put in shape for the race to-morrow.
The result of yesterday's racing in the
strong wind off Brenton's reef lightship
was the starting of some rivets In the for
ward plates of the yacht In the region, of
the water line on the port bow and direct
ly abaft the fore end of the -water line.
The necessary repairs were made here,
and the Constitutions is ready for to-mor
row's race.
Constitution Slightly Injured.
YACHTING PARTY
BADLY SCALDED
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the ¦ city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
' Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
. thority of the Superintendent.
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SR PO. A. E.
Croll, c f 8 0 1110 0
Hlldebrand. 1. t 4 0 10 0 0 0
Schwartz. 2b S 0 0 0 1 o 0
Pabst. lb 4 0 1 0 11 0 0
Krug, ». e 4 2 S 0 1 S l
Nordyke. r. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
J. Reilly. 3b ...8 0 0 0 0 1 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 2 0 7 1 0
'Whalen. p....< 4 0 10 0 4 0
Totals 8S 2 9 "l J4 "i "l
SACRAMENTO.
v AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, a. s 8 1 2 1 2 6 0
McLaughlin, 1. f..... 3 0 0 0 SO 0
Courtney. 2b.. 4 0 0 0 7 3 0
Doyle, p 4 0 2 0 10 0
Ashenbach,- lb 3 1 1 0 9 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 1 2 0 12 1
McGucken. c. f 8 0 2 0 2 0 0
McCarthy, r. f 3 0 0 0 110
Totals 30 3 9 1 27 IS ' 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco... 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 1—2
Base hits 01111102 2—9
Sacramento 00100200 * — 3
Base hits. 0 2 2 112 0 1 •— 9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 3, . Doyle 2.
Home runs— Krug 2. Three-base hit— Sheehan.
Two-bese hits — Krugr, Devereaux. Sacrifice
hits — McLaughlin, Stanley. Ashenbach. First
base on errors — San Francisco 1, Sacramento 1.
Flrgt base on called balls— San Francisco 8.
L«ft on bases— San Francisco 7, Sacramento 7.
Struck out— By Whalen 4, by Doyle 1. Hit by
pitcher— Devereaux. Double plays — Whalen. to
Sullivan to Pabst; Sheehan to Courtney to
Ashenbach. Time of game — 1:25. Umpire-
Graves. Official scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
The Statesmen took the morning game
at Oakland by a score of 3 to 2. Each team
piled up nine hits, but they were kept well
scattered. Whalen and Doyle were on the
slab for their respective teams and came
out with nonors about evenly divided.
Krug made the only tallies for his team
by getting two home runs. He also lined
out a two-bagger, Sheehan of Sacramento
getting a triple.*The Germans were some
thing awful on bases and could rot bring
a man home when they had a chance. The
score follows:
Sacramento 3, San Francisco 2.
Raymond Yates, a boy of 8, nearly lost
the sight of his right eye while toying
with a parlor rifle on the front yesterday.
He and another lad had the gun and Ray
mond shot his friend In the back with it.
The boy's clothing saved him from being
much hurt, and he then grabbed the gun
and without aiming fired at Raymond.
The bullet struck him on the right cheek
and glancing upward lodged under the
eye. He was taken to the Harbor Hospi
tal, where the bullet was removed and the
wound dressed. Raymond was then taken
to his home at 1025 Valencia street.
Nearly Lost an Eye.
Owner Enters Her for Races to Ba
Held Under tlie Auspices of tlie
Seawanhaka Club.
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. 11.— W. Butler
Duncan Jr.. manager of the Constitution,
says he has refused to enter that yacht
in the Indian Harbor race August 24, In
which the Independence Is entered, be
cause she has already been entered In a
race of the Seawanhaka Yacht Club for
that date.
There will ba races by the Larchmont
Yacht Club for the Constitution and Co
lumbia August 16, IS and 19. On August 21
the New York Yacht Club will give a race
for the two yachts off Glencove, and Aug
ust 22 and 24 the Seawanhaka Club will
complete the second series by races at
Oyster Bay. The yachts will then return V
to Newport for the trial races of, August \
31 and September 2 and 1.
CONSTITUTION" WH.L NOT
MEET THE INDEPENDENCE
A barge laden with 53,000 feet of lumber
capsized off Butchertown last Saturday
and nearly the entire cargo was lost. The
lumber was for Stone's shipyard in Oak
land Creek and loaded on the barge
Yolo at Redwood. The stuff was piled so
high that it was unwieldy, and later the
barge began to leak. The launch Sybil
was towing- the load, and ¦when a mile
or so out the men on her noticed the barge
taking a big list to port. A gust of wind
came, and without a moment's" warning
the vessel heeled over and dumped the
load Into the bay. In a few minutes over
$900 worth of good planking was going out
rapidly with the tide. The waterlogged
barge was then anchored and an attempt
made to gather up the lumber, but it fail
ed. Stone now holds the owner of the
launch responsible for the accident, while
the launch people assert the cause of the
whole- trouble was the overloading of a
leaky boat.
Barge of Lumber Lost.
Joseph Nelson, a brother of Johnny Nel
son, rode five miles against time for the
record and made the distance in 8 :13 1-5
a new record for amateurs. ¦. -'
NEW. YORK, Aug. ll.-One of the most
sensational bicycle races of the year was
witnessed at Vailsburg to-day between
H. E. 1 Bleeker and John T. Colgan It
was an Australian pursuit race. Tom But
ler and Caldwell, the other starters fell
by the wayside early. Bleeker and Colgan
were about even and struggled on in a
gruelling race mile after mile. - The spec
tators cheered wildly at first, but later
the wan faces of the racers showed that
they were on the verge of collapse. The
referee urged them to call it a draw, but
they either did not hear him or declined.
Then the referee ordered another rider to
mount his wheel and give chase, suggest
ing to each racer that he stop, and call it
a draw. The rider caught Bleeker and
Bleeker agreed. to the proposition. Before
the rider could catch up with Colgan the
latter fell exhausted and had to be carried
from the track. The referee could do
nothing but give the race to Bleeker, who
could scarcely stand when he dismounted
from his wheel.
SENSATIONAL BICYCLE .
RACE ATT VAZLSBUEG
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug. 10— Stmr Bertha,
for Valdez.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug. 10— Schr
Lena Sweasey, from San "Bias.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug. 11— Stmr Pomona,
hence August 10.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Aug. 11— Schr Vo
lant, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Ausr. 11— Bktn
Wrestler, for Noumea; bktn Northwest, for
San Pedro; schr Ariel, for Honolulu; schr Fal
con, for . |
FOREIGN PORT.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Aug. 10— Br stmr
Chins Wo, from Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON-Sailed Aug. 11-Stmr Mlnnehaha,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug. 11— Stmr Lu
cania, lor New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aur. 11— Stmr La Bre
tagne, from Havre; stmr Potsdam, from Rot
terdam and Boulome. ¦ ¦
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug. 11— Stmr Etru
ria, -from New York, via. Queenstown. • ¦-.
SAILED.
Sunday, Ausust 11.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, Coquille River.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas.
Stmr Geo. W. Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Tug Hunter, Tanzer, Umpqua River.
t TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug. 11, 10 p. m..— Weather
hazy; wind, SW. velocity. 10 miles per hour.
:im . . ' Sunday. Aurust 11.
"US. stmr Sumner, Daker, 27 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 19 days.
Stmr Gipsy, Hinkle, 16 hours from Moss
Land inc. •
Ship Tlllle E. Starbuck, Curtis. 23 days from
Honolulu.
Br shin County of Inverness, Gray, 68 days
from Pisasua.
Schr Lily, Pottger, 4 days from Umpqua.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Camj>bell. 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr J. A. Campbell, Smith, 7 days from
Port Blakeley.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and ' the successive tides of the
day In the order or occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives. the last tide
of the day; except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference .is
the mean of the lower "low waters. *f », t *
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
HE four-masted British ship Ach-
I neshie goes to Martinez this morn-
E ing to lay up until the strike is
ii. over. She came here from Tal
cuhano in ballast and looked as
pretty as a picture as she made port. Cap
tain Longmuir, master of the Achneshie,
says the name Is pure Gaelic and means
the home or house of peace. The stout
ship deserves it, as there has never been
a row aboard, and the entire crew has re
mained by the vessel in spite of every
thing.
Captain Longmuir has been coming to
San Francisco since 1860. He was last here
three years ago in the Glenflnart. On his
return to England- he became superin
tendent of the Glen line and held the po
sition until the fleet was sold to foreign
buyers. Then CaDtain Pasifull of the
jxonneshie retired and the command was
offered to Captain Longmuir and accepted.
Frf— Glasgow the Achneshie went to
Vancouver, B. C. and then back to Liver
pool. From Liverpool she went to Car
diff and loaded coal for South America,
and, after discharging at Talcuhano, came
to San Francisco in ballast. She Is one
of the best found ships in. the bay and
and a good sailer.
Joe Shay, a newsboy, fell overboard
from Main-street- wharf and was nearly
drowned yesterday. He was rescued and
taken to the Harbor Hospital, where he
gpadually recovered.
Port Costa yesterday, where she -will lay
up until the strike is over.
The City of. Peking, from the Orient, was
looked for last Saturday, but had not put
in an appearance up to^> p. m. yesterday.
She was a day late leaving Yokohama
and had not reached Honolulu when the
Zealandia sailed from that port.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, semi
monthly medal Ehoot. rifle, gold - medal — J.
Kullman 198, 208: J. F. Bridges, 210; silver
medal— M. J. White. 198.
Swiss Rifle Club, monthly medal ehoot
Champion class. A. von Wyl 373; first class, J.
Scheible 280; second class, P. Croce 345;- third
clafs, K. Scter 336.
TCorddeutscher Schuetzen Club. monthly
iMJllscye Bhoot— F. P. Schuster 89, H. Huber
1CS A. Mocker 22*. J.' de Wit 304. F. C. Rust
Kfl. D. Salfield 644. G. Schulz 9S8, R. Stettin
3075, \j. Brune 1177, H. Meyer 1189, Captain
John Thode 1208 L. N. Rltzau 1216.
Swiss R19e Club, monthly bullseye ehoot
Prises were won In the following order: C.
Bachmann: 3. Leeman, F. Suter, J. Furrer, A.
Monctti. G. Orel, A. Bacala, A. von Wyl, J.
P>achmann. E. Suter. F. ¦ Vautler, J. Shelble,
Y. BaumEarten, L. La Croix, P. Croce.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
nhoot— First champion class. F. P. Schuster
228, 225; second champion class, J. F. Bridges
114, 204: first cl&es, F. Brandt 203. 192: second
ola*s. N. L. Rltzau 205. 199; third class, J.
Beuttler 135, 183; bert first shot. F. E. Mason
21; b«t last shot, L. Bendel 25.
Inependent Rifles, monthly medal ehoot—
•W A. Smith 10. R. V. Bither 41. M. Moenning
JE. C. Kornbeck 45, D. SteSens 30. A. Diet rick
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
medal 6hoot— Champion class. F. P. Schuster
4'5: first class. D. Salfleld 2SS: second class. H.
Ste'lllzwr SS3: third clasp, S. Heino 372; fourth
clam H. Meyer 381: bert flrBt shot, D. B.
Foktcr2S; best last Phot. H. Huber 25.
r— Yards— ,
NAME.
200. 300. 500.
Battery A, 1st Artillery, N. G. C.
Corporal K. A. Mllllcan 9 12 12
A. Leln 0 6 0
H. Marsan 11 5 5
J. Vanna 8 0 2
Sergeant J. A. Eason 19 16 20
A. L. Eisner 2 6 3
Corporal W. H. Homer 14 11 10
L. Scha-tz 9 0 3
6. Biock 4 0..
E. E. Levy 3 10 2
"VV. Vann^. 6 0 0
B. Gordan 0 0 0
H. W. Doscher 12 11 0
H. C. Schwlnn 14 11 6
D. Fisher 7 4 5
D. J Schloss ..: 16 7 16
A. M. Samuels 14 5 12
W. H. Homer Sr 7 3 0
L. Bigelow 7 5 14
C. H. Jensen 9 0 10
B. B. Levy 12 10 7
M. Prince 0 6 0
\V. H. Shire 0 .. 7
J. H. CMbson 9 •• ••
C. Wyatt 11 .. 12
Sergeant XV. Cohen 6 .. ..
E. R. Sablatchau 17 8 0
B. H. Harmon 12 8 8
G. McCarthy 5 6 0
C. J. Homer 13 .. ..
J. Perry : 7 - ••
H. M. Smith :... 8 .. 2
H. Hillibrand 0 2 3
H. J. Hawvichoret 19 6 3 .
Captain F. Nippert 24 .. 15
Lieutenant Varney 24 21 17
Sergeant H. D. O'BriAl 17 .. ..
Battery B. 1st Artillery. N. G. C.
J. C Roberts 10 ..
Corporal S. H. Stewart 21 20 7
H. \V. Mitchell 9 5 9
V. J. Garibaldi 15 .. 0
C Dabney 19 7 9
H K. Chadbourne 3 0 0
C. C. de Wolf 13 11 4
C Heineman ....% 20 23 13
C. Lightner 4 6 0
Sersreant F. J. Povey 25 22 22
O. H. Foy 8.-2
R. G. Haggard 10 0 10
\Y. M Sellers 8 2 2
G. R. Clark 3 .. ..
D F. Noonan 18 5 0
J. B Whittemore 16 4 S
Corporal J. W. Cobby 20 23 19
C. Wyman 7 16 6
C J. Bekeart 2 0 0
F. C. Crawford 4 0 10
B. Kenty 0 .. ..
XV. Menzel 17 .. 10
IV. H. Lawrence 0 .. 2
A. S. Hatneld 23 15 17
Sergeant J. \V. Galbralth 17 ..
M. O Froment 22 15 14
G. Clayton 11 19 16
F. L. McXally 21 10 15
Sergeant W. W. Thompson 21 18 12
Lieutenant P. J. Neuman 23 22 19
Sergeant W. J. Grattan 24 22 ..
B. Hopkins 15 0 ..
J. C. Roberts . .. 9 10
Battery C. 1st Artillery. N. G. C.
G. L. Harvey 16 16 14
J. F. Cook 11 13 ..
Serjeant L. Vi". Grant 24 19 18
E. O. Suelflohn 23 12 12
B. F. Suelnohn 1! 11 8
Musician M. H. Waterman 10 4 11
W. E. Bonifield 6 0 6
C. E. Sweeney 21 8 7
C, E. Goodell 25 12 3
Sergeant F. F. Carson 20 23 23
Corporal H. J. Musgrave 24 24" 24
J. E. Flynr. 22 14 0
Sergeant VT. F.' TJnfred 24 21 17
P. R. Greaves 9 12 8
W. McQuitty 21 12 8
P. E. Hooper 7 2 13
V. F. Northrop 24 22 21
C J. Goodell 16 0 14
W. J. Petty 16 0 11
Sergeant C. J. McDonald 9 2 13
Corporal E. R. Armstrong lfi 6 11
Quratermaster Serg. W. D. Grant.. 23 22 23
E. B. Burchard 24 13 4
J VT. EUery 17 2 ..
Sergeant T. McGllvary 19 22 15
Captain G. Petty 19 7 8
Lieutenant J. X. Ross 15 18 20
Sergeant Kennedy 19 8 8
E. F. Tooker 13 15 8
¦Corporal F\ J. Kane .' 19 18 20
C. F. "VYaltham 24 22 ..
C. Meyer 24 17 ..
lieutenant Hyer B 20 ..
J. F. Cook 3 ..
Battery D, 1st Artillery. X. G. C.
E. Lu Grim 14 ..
E. li..Hiteman 20 17 1J
C. J. Quigley 22 4
T. Utschlg 22 IS 22
F. E. KeseUne ~ 19 4 8
A- Johnson 22 12 1!
I* J. Reubold 23 11 2
J. Bury .•••— 8 0 2
J. Jacobeon 25 21 23
Sergeant Badt - 2S IS 28
Lieutenant Young 22 17 24
Corporal Montrose .................... 20 .. 0
M.-Kenry 1 .. ..
G. F. Dunning 21 12 6
A. Dunn 0 .. 0
•W. H. Gerifil 14 8 0
R. A. Bellne 15 B 0
G. A. King 7 .. ..
A. Karner 12 8 0
Sergeant Furton 18 24 ..
Sergeant Mund 17 .8 ..
C. B. Munson 3 7..
O. W. Kuehn 18 4 15
J. P. "Whitney 4 0 4
Sergeant A. R. Farless 21 17 12
Captain Cunningham 24 IS 14
M. Bromberger — ;... 4
G C. Nutting - 18 « 10
H. WHron 18 .. ..
Corporal Devany 9 .. 8
C. C. Story ; 2$ 6 S
F O. Clark 11 U 0
•ST. K. Bu*h 18 3 .. .
A. Fhepard 17 0 0
R. Berazo 4 0 0
C A. Brooks 9 4 20
The Star Kennels' cleved young courser
Game Boy won the open stake yesterday
at Union Park, beating Chiarini Bros.'
Dewdrop for final honors. The stake was
an interesting one and brought out many
good trials. The performers proved an
excellent lot and with few exceptions did
all that was expected of them. Bridget
Cleary, a litter sister of Sacramento Boy,
showed herself a good short end in the
early morning and by her cleverness took
a close race from Bona Fide. The talent
made McComb's entry the favorite, but in
setting the odds let their poor judgment
run away with their money. Fifteen to
one was offered and taken. Bona Fide Is
an inconsistent courser and at times will
lose the flag to a cripple. Coupled with
the fact that her opponent Is a clever one,
the wise ones at least erred in giving such
odds.- Bridget won the course strictly on
merit, leading to the hare for the first
turn and running up four points before
allowing Bona .Fide to score.
The knowing ones were given a severe
shock In the go between Rector and Far
away. Rector was looked upon as a strong
candidate for the stake and in this course
was made choice at 1 to 10 and even 1 to
11. He led two lengths, but Faraway,
when e-nce In possession, kept him away
and scored eight points to his six. Palo
Alto met Luxor in the fifth and. leading
as he pleased, made that top-notch cours
er look like a plater. In the next course
and as a 5 to 2 favorite he was led and
beaten by Dewdrop.
For Freedom ran in good form and beat
Candelaria and King Cotton easily. Fly
ing Fox reached the fifth round, where he
retired in favor of the youngster Game
Boy. Sir Pasha, and Luxor ran well.
In the deciding course Dewdrop led to
the hare for the first turn, Game Boy
scoring three turns and the kill. Dewdrop
was the choice, but Game Boy money was
not lacking at 3 to 6.
The match race between Tralee Boy and
Tame Tralee was won by the Boy by a
score of 10 to 2. In the run up the field a
blanket could have covered both dogs. The
Boy just took the turn and worked his
game so cleverly that he kept his sister
from joining in.
Freeze Out won the puppy stake easily,
which made a double victory for the get
of For Freedom.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Grace's official scores:
Open stake, second round — E. Geary's Ireland
beat E. M. Kellogg* s Frisco Lad, 4-1; O. Zahl's
Homer Boy beat Ed Neave's First Foot. 8-0;
E. L. Hathaway' s Bridget Cleary beat F. A.
McComb's Bona Fide, 5-4; Chiarini Bros.' Dew
drop beat Star Kennels' Mayflower, 10-O; F. A.
McComb's Sir Pasha beat T. J. Mclnerney's
Regina R, 3-2; P. M. Curtis' McKinley beat
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete, 7-2; A. Van
derberg's Naughty Girl beat A. R. Curtis'
Fly-by- Night, 3-1; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys
beat Star Kennels' Herschel's Pride, 4-2; A.
R. Curtis' Luxor beat J. Markland's The Graf
ter, 3-0; Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud. 12-7; F. A. McComb's
Greenback beat P. J. Reilly* a Honesty, 2-0; J.
Dowling's Sir Lawrence beat Star Kennels'
Fontenoy, W-4; E. Geary's Palo Alto beat
Yosemite Kennels! Mose, 10-2; Sterl & Knowles'
For Glory beat W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick.
5-1; F. A. McComb's Little Sister beat P. J.
Reilly's Royal Union, 4-0; J. H. Perigo's Far
Away beat A. R. Curtis' Rector, 8-7; A. R.
Curtis' Loyal Lad beat F. A. McComb's Motto,
8-6; Pasha Kennels' For Freedom beat A. R.
Curtis' Candelaria, 5-0; A. R. Curtis" Flying
Fox beat J. Moriarlty's Snapper Garrison. 8-1;
A. R. Curtis* King Cotton beat F. Cox's Crock
ett Hill, 4-2; D. J. Healy's Lady Clare beat
Ed Neave's Castaway, 6-3; Star Kennels' Game
Boy beat T. J. Crbnin's Parlor Maid, 4-2; Sterl
& Knowles' Olita beat J. A. Klein's Coronado,
13-9; E. M. Kellogg* s Sweet Emma beat Chi
arini Bros.' "White Hat. 8-0.
Third round— Homer Boy beat Ireland, 5-3;
Dewdrop beat Bridget Cleary, 5-3; Sir Pasha
beat McKinley, 8-4; Harlean Gladys beat
Naughty- Girl, 4-1; Luxor beat Fine Fire, 5-3;
Greenback beat Sir Lawrence, 4-1.; Palo Alto
beat For Glory, 5-3; Little Sister beat Loyal
Lad, 6-3; Flying Fox beat Faraway, 4-0; For
Freedom beat King Cotton. 6-3: Game Boy beat
Lady Clare, 3-2; Sweet Emma beat Lady Clare
7-4.
Fourth round— Dewdrop beat Homer Boy, 4-1;
Sir Pasha beat Harlean GIady3, 5-3; Luxor beat
Greenback. 8-1: Palo Alto beat Little Sister,
5-0; Flylnsr Fox beat For Freedom, 5-0; Game
Boy beat Sweet Emma, 4-3.
Fifth round— Dewdrop beat Sir Pasha, 6-4;
Palo Alto beat Luxor, 6-3; Game Boy beat Fly-
Ing Fox. 5-3.
Sixth round — Dewdrop beat Palo Alto, 4-1;
Game Boy. a bye.
Deciding course— Game Boy beat Dewdrop.
5-3.
v Puppy stake, second round — George Nether
cott's Hickory Dick beat Pasha Kennels' Real
Aristocrat, S-0; Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out
beat J. Blggio's Colma Belle, 5-0; C. O. Peter
son's Haphazard beat J. Seggerson's Algie Mc-
Donald, 8-6: T. Jolley's Toronto beat F. Don
nelly's Flora Temple, "6-2.
Third round — Freeze Out beat Hickory Dick,
10-3; Haphazard beat Toronto. 5-0.
Deciding course— Freeze Out beat Haphazard,
8-0.
AliAlMEDA CRICKETERS
BEAT PACIFIC "ELEVEN
The Alameda and Pacific cricket elevens
met for their fifth match this season yes
terday on the grounds at Webster street,
Alameda. The Pacific captain won the
toss and sent the Alameda men to the bat,
F. Croll and F. Stahl opening the Innings.
Croll was caught out by Miller for 9 and
Stahl was caught" by Coles for 5. Harold
Ward added 34, Bert Bird compiled 35 and
Harry Bird scored 22. Henry Ward scored
16 not out and the innings closed for 134
runs. Casidy and Richardson took 4
wickets each and Miller captured 1.
The Pacific team then went in, but made
no stand against the bowling of P. Croll
and Harold Ward, each of whom cap
turecl 5 wickets. John llyers 10 and E. T.
Langdale 17 were the only Pacific bats
men who obtained double figures, and the
Innings closed for 62 runs. The Pacifies
followed on. but did not do much better at
their second attempt. A. "Wj Wilding 2S F
Bennion 18 and C. P. Coles 14 being the
only men who obtained double figures At
the call of time eight wickets were down
for 79 runs. H. B. Richardson being not
out and John Myers and T. J. A. Tiede
mann being the two men who did not bat
Stahl, 'Ward Sr. and Fortmann took 1
wicket each and Ward Jr. captured 3
wickets'. As the second innings of the Pa
cifies was not completed the match was
decided on the first innings, Alameda win
ning by S2 runs.
The Battalion cf Artillery, National
Guard of California, held Its first annual
State shoot at Shell Mound yesterday.
Every battery was represented by a large
number of marksmen, and the results of
the shooting are viewed with great sat
isfaction by the leading spirits of the new
organization. The contestants were all
dressed in uniform and marched to the
ranges in a body.
The shooting was at 200. 300 and 500
yards. Lieutenant \7. S. Grattan was in
charge of the shoot, .' nd was assisted by
a large number of his brother officers. So
many were in attendance that not all
were able to shoot on all three targets
before nightfall, and tnese scores will be
completed at a~o«h r- time.
The other organizations which held reg
ular con'cts :esterday were Independent
Rifles, Norddeutschti Schuetzen Club,
Golden Gate F 3*« »nl Pistol Club, Ger
maaia Schue*~Ln Club, San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein and Swiss Rifle Club.
The day's scores are as follows:
Sir Thomas says that the Shamrock II Is
nine minutes faster than the Shamrock I
now, and that the Shamrock I Is five to
ten minutes faster than when she was in
American waters. Sir Thomas has invited
the - Oxford-Cambridge athletic team,
which is to compete in Canada and the
United States, to witness the races from
on board the Erin. The Oxford and Cam
bridge athletes will sail Thursday on the
steamer Commonwealth for Boston. They
will stay a day In that city and will then
go to Montreal.
LONDON. Aug. 1L— King Edward sent
for Sir Thomas Upton last week and
made frequent Inquiries regarding the
form of the Shamrock II. His Majesty
wished her good luck.
certain Prom Him the Form of
the Yacht.
Sends for Sir Thomas Liptrm to As-
KUTG EDWAED WISHES
STTATVTROCK H GOOD LTJCK
The yachting sharps aboard the tugs
had no opportunity to-night to size up
the latest aspirant for the honor of lift-
Ing the cup. She lay simply a thin black
smudge on the dark waters, looking
strange with her stunted jurymast and
queer sloop rig, with her jib and forestays
carried inboard. She carries the jurymast
of the old Shamrock, but her topmast
Is fifteen feet shorter, so that the' dis
tnace from deck to truck is probably not
over ninety feet. She will be towed m
to-morrow by the tug Robert Hadden,
the first tug to speak her, under Instruc
tions from Sir Thomas before she left to
accept the first tow offered. After pass
ing quarantine she will be towed to the
man-of-war anchorage off Tompklnsvllle.
and later to the Erie basin, where she
will be stripped and her masts stepped
preparatory to going into the drydock.
Captain Matthews' first inquiry after
the greeting was of the challenger's op
ponent, the Constitution, and when he
learned that she had beaten the Columbia
on Saturday, he expressed hi3 pleasure
and then regret when he was informed
of the Columbia's accident in the race.
Greetings on both sides were hearty,
but beyond saying that the yacht had en
countered fine weather, neither Captain
Matthews of the Erin nor Captain Syca
more of the challenges would give details
of the trip. That they regarded It as a
fine performance was evident from Cap
tain Matthews' ejaculation of surprise
when informed that the tugs had been on
the lookout for her for two days. "Give
her a chance," he shouted. As a matter
of fact, the Shamrock II' s time la less
than fourteen days, counting her stop of
one day at St. Michaels. Azores, a day
better than the time of the old Sham
rock, which was far and away better than
that of any former challenger.
SANDY HOOK. Aug. 11.— Shamrock II,
Sir Thomas Upton's second challenger
for America's cup, in tow of her con
scrt, the big steam yacht Erin, arrived off
Saidy Hook lightship shortly after 11
o'clock to-night and anchored for th3
night just Inside the lightship half an
hour later, w A newspaper tug and the
tugboat James R. Lawrence, with David
Barrie, Sir Thomas' personal representa
tive in thl3 country, aboard had been
cruising off Sandy Hook for two day3
awaiting the appearance of the foreign
cup-hunter. When off the lightship the
Krin burned her Coston signala and the
tugs ran alongside.
PEPPER TARGETS
AT SHELL MOUND
STAKE HONORS
FOR GAME BOY
SAN FRANCISCO TEAM OF BALL PLAYERS WINS AND LOSES ON THE DIAMOND
NEW CHALLENGER
CROSSES OCEAN
SAN FRANCISCOS
LAND ON HOFFER
Star Kennels' Young
Courser Wins Open
Event.
Battalion of Artillery
Holds Its State
Shoot.
Shamrock II Arrives in
Tow of Big Steam
Yacht Erin.
Uncle Hank's Presence
Pills His Men With
Ginger.
In the Puppy Class Freeze
Out Beats Her Opponent
Handily.
Other Organizations Have
Many Marksmen at the
j*r Ranges.
Makes the Voyage in Better
Time Than the Former
Cup Contestant.
MORNING GAME.
, Nordyke started the music with a
mighty sound by putting the ball over the
center field fence for four bases, and his
good lead was followed up in the succeed-,
ing inning, which added five more to the
score. Sullivan managed to get a two
bagger, but the next two men were easy
outs. It looked like . nothing doing until
Hlldebrand rolled an easy one to Court
ney, who fumbled it, sending Sullivan
home and placing "Hildy" safe. With the
aid of hits bj- Pabst. Krug and Nordyke
four more Germans bounded to the home
station and cinched the game.
Two more were made, one In each suc
ceeding Inning, by means of two hits, er
rors and a wild pitch by Hoffer. The
Wasps failed to score from the fifth in
ning on. due chiefly to their inability to
hit Hoffer.
Sacramento simply could not hit Evans,
and the gilt-edge support which he re
ceived also aided in keeping the Senators
away from the rubber. Not a single one
pf them reached third base, and the sec
ond cushion ¦was a coveted place.
Hanlon was back in his old position and
showed up well in the field. The locals
played a good game a 1 around, every man
distinguishing himself.
The crowd was the largest since opening
day and it acted in a good-natured man
ner, applauding each good play, but In
dulging in very little hooting. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. cf 4 0 0 0 1 0 (
Hildebrand. If 5 10 10 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 2 2 0 14 2 0
Pabst, lb 4 1 2 0 14 0 0
Krug, ss 3 110 16 0
Nordyke. rf» 4 12 0 2 0 0
Reilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 10
Sullivan, c 4 1 2 0 5 1 0
Evans, p 4 110 0 2 0
Totals 34" 8 8 2 27 12 0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss 4 0 0 0 3 6 2
McLaughlin. If 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Courtney. 2b 3 0 0 0 5 0 1
McCarthy, rf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Hoffer, p 8 0 0 0 12 0
Stanley, c 2010140
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 0 0 12 1
McGucken. cf 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 10 0 0
Totals 28 0 3 0 *26 14 ~\
•Evans out; bunted third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 01511000 0 — 8
Base hits 01411000 1— S
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0.1 0 0 0 10 0 1—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Hoffer 2. Home run —
Nordyke. Two-base hits— Sullivan 2, McLaugh
lin, Krug. First base on errors— San Francisco
3. First base on called balls— San Francisco 3,
Sacramento 2. Left on bases — San Francisco 3,
Sacramento 4. Struck out — By Evans 4, by
Hotter 1. Hit by pitcher— Courtney, Krug.
Double play— Schwartz to Krug to Pabst.
Passed ball— Sullivan. Wild pitches— Hoffer 2.
Time of fame — One hour and twenty minutes.
Umpire — Graves. Official scorer — H. S. McFar-
Un.
Evans was again in great form and al
lowed his opponents but three scattered
hits, two being made by McLaughlin. His
support was faultless, and to this may be
attributed the overwhelming victory. Hof
fer's support was very ragged at times,
Courtney alone being responsible for five
points.
Hoffer, the ex-Baltimore wonder, failed
to impress the locals with his twirling
ability, for they landed on him for eight
clean hits, a bunch of four in the third
round netting five runs. But when he
settled down he pitched good ball, and
throughout the game fielded his position
in exceptionally good form.
Uncle Henry Harris was on hand yes
terday afternoon, and his presence infused
a large quantity of ginger and hitting
ability Into his wayward proteges. They
hit and caught and threw everything
which came, their way, and before the
umpire called the last man out Uncle
Hank wore a broad grin, for his men had
taken a hard fall out of the Sacramento
stick-wielders, and though they lost the
series they were at least saved from
worse results.
San Franciscos 8, Sacramentos 0.
Feature of the Morning
Contest.
Krug's Phenomenal Batting
BRITISH SHIP ACHNESHIE GOES
TO MARTINEZ TO AWAIT CARGO
Captain Longmuir, Her Master, Has Been Coming Here Since I860.
His Vessel's Name Is Gaelic/ Meaning "House of Peace/'
-' _ ¦ - ¦ ¦ - . ¦ . . , •;¦¦_. \ «'-.-.¦ ,¦_•....¦¦. . l; ; , ¦
THE BRITISH FOUR-MASTED BARK ACHNESHIE MAKING PORT AFTER A GOOD RUN FROM TALCUHANO.
. SHE GOES UP TO MARTINEZ TO-DAY TO TIE UP UNTIL THERE IS A CHANCE TO SECURE A CARGO
OP WHEAT. .
6
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Peking. China and Japan
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Sonoma ' Sydney and Way Ports
Pomona........ Humboldt
Eureka Humboldt
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts
G. AV. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
San Juan Panama & Way PortB.
Bonlta San -.Pedro & Way Pts.
Umatilla ?uget Sound Ports....".
Gaelic China . and Japan !
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama....
Corona Newport & Way Ports
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Aug. 12
Aug. 12
Aug. 12
Aug. 13
Aug. 15
Aug. 15
Aug. 16
Aug. 18
Aug.' 18
Aug.. 18
Aug. 19
Aug. 20
Aug. 20
Aug. 22
Aug. 22
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Angrnnt 13.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
City Puebla.. Puget Sound 'Ports.
Eureka Humboldt
Anitunt 13.
Arcata Coos Bay
Anubls ' S. America, Europe
Bonlta San Pedro & Way.
AniisiKt 14.
San Pedro.... Humboldt .:
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
Walla "Walla. Puget Sound Ports
AnRUNt 15.
Pomona Humboldt
Augrnnt 16.
Peru Valparaiso & Way.
AuK«xt IT.
City Peking.. China & Japan....
Corona Newport & Way..
2 pm
11 am
12 m
|X2 m;
I 9 am
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 9
I.......
jll am
1:30 p
Pier 9
12 rn
Pier 10
1 pml
9 am
PMSS
Pier 11
:eamer.
ies-
na'
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 13
Cottage City... Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug. 13
Victorian Skaguay. & Way Ports Aug. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & "Way Ports. Aug. 14
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 14
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. IS
Chas. Nelson.. PkoiLruay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon ;'.... Nome and Teller Aug. 24
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H TV I. TV H TV
L2 ... 3:51 —0.6 10:51 4.9 3:37 2.6 9:51 ~
L3 ... 4:35—0.6 11:28 B.I 4:29 2.3 10:42 5.
L4 ... 6:14 —0.3 12:08 5.2 5:16 2.0 11:31 5
15 ... 5:50 0.0 12:46 5.3 6:01 1.8
H W L. W H TV L TV
16 ... 0:20 5.3 6:28 0.4 1:19 5.4 6:51 1.
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:04 0.9 1:52 5.3 7:40 l.i
L8 ... 1:54 4.5 7:38| 1.4 2:27 5.2 8:29 1 ,
•ate
Ft.
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H TV I. TV H TV
L2 ... 3:51 —0.6 10:51 4.9 3:37 2.6 9:51 ~
L3 ... 4:35—0.6 11:28 B.I 4:29 2.3 10:42 5.
L4 ... 6:14 —0.3 12:08 5.2 5:16 2.0 11:31 5
15 ... 5:50 0.0 12:46 5.3 6:01 1.8
H W L. W H TV L TV
16 ... 0:20 5.3 6:28 0.4 1:19 5.4 6:51 1.
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:04 0.9 1:52 5.3 7:40 l.i
L8 ... 1:54 4.5 7:38| 1.4 2:27 5.2 8:29 1 ,
•ate
Ft.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Peking. China and Japan
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Sonoma ' Sydney and Way Ports
Pomona........ Humboldt
Eureka Humboldt
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts
G. AV. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
San Juan Panama & Way PortB.
Bonlta San -.Pedro & Way Pts.
Umatilla ?uget Sound Ports....".
Gaelic China . and Japan !
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama....
Corona Newport & Way Ports
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports
Aug. 12
Aug. 12
Aug. 12
Aug. 13
Aug. 15
Aug. 15
Aug. 16
Aug. 18
Aug.' 18
Aug.. 18
Aug. 19
Aug. 20
Aug. 20
Aug. 22
Aug. 22
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Angrnnt 13.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
City Puebla.. Puget Sound 'Ports.
Eureka Humboldt
Anitunt 13.
Arcata Coos Bay
Anubls ' S. America, Europe
Bonlta San Pedro & Way.
AniisiKt 14.
San Pedro.... Humboldt .:
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma..
Walla "Walla. Puget Sound Ports
AnRUNt 15.
Pomona Humboldt
Augrnnt 16.
Peru Valparaiso & Way.
AuK«xt IT.
City Peking.. China & Japan....
Corona Newport & Way..
2 pm
11 am
12 m
|X2 m;
I 9 am
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 9
I.......
jll am
1:30 p
Pier 9
12 rn
Pier 10
1 pml
9 am
PMSS
Pier 11
:eamer.
ies-
na'
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 13
Cottage City... Skaguay & "Way Ports Aug. 13
Victorian Skaguay. & Way Ports Aug. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & "Way Ports. Aug. 14
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 14
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. IS
Chas. Nelson.. PkoiLruay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon ;'.... Nome and Teller Aug. 24
¦^^^»§(Sgt^' iO A c v» U ill 111 C II Vj. C Cl
' l§M^Wk Realise its super-
iOr tOnic ( l uaJities
¦,.::i ; 5fX jWT^. fare thoroughly
established by the medical fraternity
and all users universally. It gives
appetite, health, vigor-is welcomed
by the new mother, the aged, the weak, '
. the convalescent, ftii^ 88^-
Anheuser-BuschBrewingAss'nCyclist's Nose Broken.
Mr. Kerrigan— Kape shtlll folve minutes,
for the love av hivm!
Mrs. Kerrigan (six children crying and
tlghting)-Phat fer?
Mr. Kerrigan— Oi want to give this
molnd cure book a fair trial. Oi want to
see if Oi can convince mesllf thot there
is no such thing ez matrimony.— Puck.
WHEATLAND. Aug. 11.— Hop-picking
begins in the Wheatland yards' to-mor
row. The crop is in splendid condition.
Over three thousand pickers are i here
ready to go to work, and yet a few yards
are short-handed. , ,
Thousands of Hop-Pickers Ready.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 11— A large crowd
witnessed a game of baseball at the East-
Bide grounds this afternoon between the
San Rafaels and the Del Montes of Oak
land The local team was crippled by the
loss of its battery and several ; other
players, and the visitors had easy money,
winning, with a score of 8 to 2. ' ¦
HOLLISTER. Aug. 11.— Hollister defeat
ed Bushnells to-day by a score of 9 to 4.
Batteries— Mills and Griffin; Romer and
Samuels. , ;.
Minor Baseball Games:
DIXON, Aug. 11.— Mrs. Mary' Snead,
mother of Mrs. Marion, de "Vries, wife of
a former Congressman from ; this State,
died suddenly from heart disease at her
home near this place~ to-day. She was in
Dixon - yesterday and appeared to be In
the best of health. This. afternoon while
walking about her ranch she complained
of feeling ill. She entered the house, sat
on a chair and died in a few. minutes. Mrs.
Snead was. the widow of the late Samuel
Ij.- Snead and Jived In Solano County since
1S50. Her mother, Mrs. Mooney, is - still
livins in Benlcia. -,-¦ ' v
Mrs. Mary Snead.
Arrangements — T. E. Bradley, chair
man; A. Pfaefflin. treasurer; floor man
ager, George Ferris; -assistant floor man
ager, Mrs. A. Jacobsen. Floor committee
— J. J. Noonan, R. Driscoll, Frank 'Bro3
ser. J. O'Reilly. W. Daly, J. Cassln: re
ception committee — Mrs. C. Noonan, Miss
M. Jacobsen, Mrs. H. Cassln, Mrs. Arnold.
Mrs." Frawley. Mrs. Petry; games and
prizes— H. D.;Nlenhous, R. Zowasky.
A large picnic under the auspices of
Olympia Grove No. 119, Olympla Circle No.
13, United Ancient Order of Druids, was
held at Schuetzen Park yesterday. There
were games, music and dancing. The com
mittees were as follows:
Druids Eoajoy a Picnic.
ROANOKE, Va., Aug. 11.— General M.
O. Sorrell, - aged 64 years, of Savannah,
Ga , died at the home of his brother near
Roanoke last night. General Sorrell en
tered the Confederate army as volunteer
aid on Longstreet's staff. He was pro
moted several times for gallantry, and in
the third year of the war was made a
brigadier general on Longstreet's staff.
He was shot through the lungs at the bat
tle of Sharpsburg. After the war he was
in turn superintendent of ' the Central
Railroad of Georgia and general manager
of the steamship line plying between Sa
vannah and New York and Liverpool. He
held the latter office at the time of his
death. / , ;, - ¦ ' /
General M. O. Sorrell.
The Flight of Time
Is much pleasanter when it is observed
on an artistic time-piece. We have just
received a large shipment of gold clocks,
the finish of which is Incomparably beau
tiful. Yet they are reasonable in price.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 11.— Charles Her
bert was arrested last night and charged
with being Implicated in burglaries at
Capitola, Seabright and this : city. : His
stepdaughter, aged 12 years, accuses him
of having told her to rob houses which
she visited on the pretense of selling soap
She says he would wait with a wagon in
some convenient place and haul the stuff
away. ; .-.¦•¦
Yesterday the girl visited Mrs. Bart
lett's cottage at Capitola, taking money
and clothing, which she 1 hid In a vacant
lot. Mrs. Bartlett found. her in the house
and she confessed. ¦ The stolen property
was recovered. Herbert denies the child's
story. . • ¦•.'•- ¦'_'-'-
She Was Commanded to Com
' , mit Robbery.
Twelve- Year-Old Girl Declares That
CHILD MAKES A CHARGE
AGAINST A STEPFATHER
BEDLANDS, Aug. 11.— A. C. Burrage, a
wealthy Boston attorney, whose mansion
and grounds form one of the principal at
tractions of Redlands, has leased Bunklns
Island, In Hlngham Bay, near Boston,
Mass., for a period of 399 years. On It he
will erect a hospital and lay out beautiful
grounds for crippled children.
The .philanthropy of Burrage is In the
nature of the fulfillment of a vow. Over
one year ago Russell Burrage, his 9-year
old son, was seriously injured while play
ing football. For many weeks he was in
bed badly crippled, and ever since . that
time the anxious father's sympathy has
gone out to young cripples. He has given
large sums of money to alleviate the suf
ferings of other crippled children. He is
now on his way here and will eventually
make his permanent home in this city.
Eastern Island for a Philan
' thropic Purpose.
Wealthy Boston Lawyer Leases an
WILL BTHLD HOSPITAL .
FOR YOUNG CRIPPLES
Laborer Is Stabbed.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— During a row on
the water front to-day Joseph Flores. a
laborer, residing at 634 Pacific street. San
Francisco, was stabbed in the right breast.
The wound was sut>erflcial, Flores having'
It dressed at the Receiving Hospital. He
did not know his assailant. There were no
arrests. • "
Ten-bird events— Cattell 6. Swales 8. Deben
ham S. Swales 6. Ireland 6, Ireland 5. Allen 5-3,
Webb 8-10.- Balrd 5, Reed 8, Debenham 7, Cul
len 9. . .
Schumacher handicap trophy, twenty birds
shct at, distance handicap— Swales (18- yards),
broke 17; Hauer (20). 16: Debenham (20). 15;
Allen <18), 14; Ireland (IS), 11; Howlett (18),
10; Allen, back score (IS). 12; Swales, i back
score (18). 13; Debenham. back score (20). 18.
State championship, Yellowstone trophy,
twenty-five birds shot at — 'Webb 22, Debenham
21, Reed 20. Hauer 19, Balrd 19, Javett 19,
Reed (back ecore) 18.
Fourth class — Hauer (20 yarde). broke 19:
Balrd (16 jards). broke 15; Howlett (18 yards),
broke 14; Swales (18 yards), broke 12. Hauer's
score being highest in this class he won $1 50.
Second class— Allen (18 yards) broke 22; Reed
(18 yards), broke 20; Debenham (20 yards),
broke 19. Allen having best score in this class
won second money, $4 50.
First class— Webb (22 yards), broke 19: Cullen
(18 yards), broke 19; Ireland (18 yards), broke
IS. Webb and Cullen being tied, divided first
money. *6.
The above scores also classified for the
money match, which is a' 25-bird race
shot in 15 singles and 5 pairs doubles,
distance handicap. The purse is $15,
given monthly by the club.
Club championship medal, twenty-five birds
shot at— Webb 24, Cullen 20, Ireland 20, Deben
ham 19. Reed 19. Allen 17. Hauer 13. Howlett
12. Swales 13. Baird 11.
The Empire Club's monthly shoot, held
at Alameda Point yesterday, was only
fairly attended, and although weather
conditions were perfect the scores were
not what were expected. For the club
championship diamond medal A. J. Webb
shot In fine form, breaking 24 out of 23
birds in this event. He was also high for
the State champolnship Yellowstone
trophy for the day, with a score of 22
breaks to his credit. In the regrular event
for the Schumacher trophy H. D. Swales
made the best score for the day with
17 breaks to his credit In this match,
although Debenham, In shooting up a
back score, -broke 18 birds. For the en
tire day's shooting complete scores are
as follows:
Empire Club's Monthly Shoot.
6Ck-yard race — P. Sundberjf, first; A. Helnze,
second. Under water Bwlmminjf— C. McCarthy,
first: J. Wilson, 8icond. 100-yard race— P.
Sundberpr, first: A. Helnze, second. Tub race —
A. Sundbergr. first; J. Ryan, second. ¦ Spring
board dlvinK— A. Eundberg. first prize: P.
Sundberg, second prize. Hlfth diving — P. Sund
berg,' first prize: W. Carroll, second prize.
For several hours a large whale at
tracted the attention of the -thousands
of pleasure-seekers who thronged the
beach. He churned the water contlnous
ly, now displaying his great tail, now pok
ing, his big head into the sunlight, and
frequently spouting a great stream of
water into the air. It was late in the
afternoon before his whaleship discon
tinued his interesting exhibition and dis
appeared from view.
Unusually large crowds assembled at
the park and beach yesterday. The
weather was fine all day and many chil
dren took advantage of this fact and
waded In the ocean. No accidents or
incidents worthy of mention occurred
during the day. A good bill at the Chutes
attracted a large crowd, and all passed
an enjoyable day. Following are th*
results of the aquatic contests at Sutro's
Baths:- .
Sunday at Pleasure Places.
TACOMA, Aug. 11.— The body of C.
Link of Chicago, >aged 50 years, was found
on the beach eight miles from Port An
geles last Friday. He had either commit
ted suicide or been murdered, circum
stances pointing strongly toward murder
His right hand grasped a revolver which
contained four cartridges, with one ex
ploded. His body was twice penetrated
by bullets. One entered his' left breast
and lodged in the back, while the other
entered his right temple. It is believed
that he was killed for the purpose of rob
bery and that the weapon was placed in
his hand to avert suspicion.
When he left Victoria last Sunday Link
had ?675 in cash and two of his pockets
were full of letters and papers. These
had disappeared, his pockets containing
only 50 cents. On Wednesday he ex
pressed a package to C. R. Linde in Chi
cago, which fact will probably reveal his
identity and purpose more fully.
Angeles.
Been Murdered Near Port
FOUND ON THE BEACH
WITH . BULLETS IN BODT
Chicago Man Is Supposed to Have
jj o Feudner 13. Slade 14, H. B. Hosmer 10,
C X Halrht 14, H. Justins 13, Ed Donahu*
(back score) 15. Hosmer (back score) 14, Ed
Donahue 14.
The last live bird shoot of the club will
be held on the last Sunday of the month.
The Olympics, however, will continue to
fire at blue rocks each Sunday during the
Yesterday the live bird shoot by the
Olympics resulted In the following scores:
W K Murdock 21. M. C. Feudner 21. E. L.
Fos'Vr 21 Is'eustadter 19. Weill 13. Rosenber*
"0 Weill (back score) 12; Karney 22. Sehultz
23* Wilson 22. Sweeney 19. Klevesahl 24. Kerrl
¦on 24 Burns 21. Golcher 19. Fred Feudner 2».
H Justine 21. C. A. Hai«rM 23. J. Karney (back
score) 21. Klevesahl (back score) 16.
The final • blue rock shoot of the San
Francisco Gun Club was held yesterday
afternoon at the Ingleside grounds. Dur
ing the season that -began in May 150
rocks were thrown for each contestant,
and after the final scores had been figured
up yesterday the prizes were awarded to
the "winners.
E L.. Schultz won the first premium, a
handsome diamond medal. He missed only
S of the 150. M. Fuedner and Pete McWll
son were tied for second place and Burns
and Foster for third place. Golcher Kleve
sahl and Haigbt for fourth and Murdock
and Rosenberg: for fifth.
The final shoot yesterday resulted a3
Ingleside Trap Shooting.
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— An aged man who
was stricken with apoplexy while walking
In Washington Park on Friday and who
died yesterday in the Chicago Hospital
has been identified as Theodore F. Col
burn. owner of various mining properties
in the "West and formerly in charge of the
marine fire department in New Orleans*.
Mr Colburn lived in Chicago with hia
sister. Mrs. A. T. Gillett.
Identified as T. F. Colburn.
MARTINEZ, Aug. 11.— Colonel George
"W. Bowie, one of the leading attorneys of
Contra Costa County and a resident of
this city for the past twenty-nine years,
was this afternoon found dead In his bed
at the Alhambra Hotel. He was last seen
at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon and had
been dead some time -when his body was
discovered. Apoplexy is the supposed
cause of death. . ¦ — «i
Colonel Bowie was 77 years old. His
wife, who died some years ago. was a
sister of -Henry Hook, the one-time cash
ier of the customs-house at San Francisco.
He was nominated for Congress with Cal
houn Benham on the Whig party ticket in
1854. The election took place September 6
and resulted in a victory for Denver and
Herbert, by nearly 37,000 votes over 35,000
for Bowie and Benham. In 1857 he was
nominated by the Know . Nothings for
Governor of California and was defeated
bv John B. Weller.
"When General McClellan, in April. 1862,
approved the organization of the "Califor
nia Column" the volunteers assembled at
Yuma, Ariz. The first troops to arrive
were soon reinforced by ten companies of
the Fifth California Infantry, of which
Bowie was colonel. Fort Bowie, in Ari
zona, was named after him. During the
administration of Grant Bowie was naval
officer at this port. ; • , -
OMAHA, Aug. 11.— A comparative state
ment of the earnings of the Union Pacific
Railway for the fiscal year recently closed
shows that the net earnings for that
period were. 11,136,127 in excess of the.:.et
earnings for the preceding twelve months.
The gross earnings of the twelve months
ending June 30 showed an increase of
$4,328,006, and the increase in expenses
amounted to $3,191,879.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Earnings of the Union Pacific.
The commission has granted $25,000 to
each province where cattle have been
killed by rinderpest, and this sum will be
expended in giving work to those who
need It. with a preference for outlay upon
public roads. The money Is to be re
turned in five years.
General Davis expects to complete the
work of turning over the duties of pro
vost marshal this week, and he will then
assume command of the United States
troops on the island, of Mindanao and In
the Jolo archipelago.
General Greely. chief signal officer, has
had an interview with the members of the
commission with reference to turning over
the telegraph system. . . .
General Chaffee has received from Lieu
tenant Herbert L. Evans of the Forty
fourth Volunteer Infantry a report of the
taking of Mindanao. Lieutenant Evans
says the Insurgents fled to the mountains
but that they must surrender, as they
have no means of escape.
Commissary General Weston asserts
that the original reports of the frauds in
the commissary departments were much
exaggerated, and that the total money
Iobs to the Government turns out to be
only $750.
Governor Taft and Commissioners Ide
and Moses will leave Manila Tuesday to
establish civil government In northern
provinces. •
Other members of the Philippine Com
mission spoke in the same vein. General
Chaffee described the achievements of
California's regiment.
MANILA. Aug. 11.— Governor Taft.
speaking at the banquet given to-day by
the Californians In Manila to Representa
tive Julius Kahn of San Francisco, said
that in order to properly develop the
Philippines satisfactorily legislation deal
ing with the tariff reforms must be passed
at the next session of Congress. He as
serted also that the laws prohibiting the
sale of public lands and timber, laws pro
viding for the incorporation of American
banks and laws granting franchises and
mining rights were Imperatively de
manded.
The importers of coffee arriving to-day,
fearing public feeling, announced that the
coffee received would be shipped back
again by the next vessel, the newspapers
having demanded that a boycott be insti
tuted against the dealers on patriotic
grounds until Congress can act, consider
ing a favorable construction of the law
to be impossible. - . ¦
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico, Aug. 11.— The
merchants of San Juan are alarmed con
cerning the importation of Brazilian cof
fee, which has been made possible by the
removal of the tariff. This coffee can be
sold here at about one-half the price of
the Porto jRican product. ,
The merchants of Manatl met to-day
and resolved not to trade with the import
ers of coffee from Brazil, and meetings
were held in other towns. Governor Hunt
has consented to ask Washington for re
lief by the enactment of a measure de
claring that the proclamation does not re
fer to the special duty of 5 cents on coffee
as per section one, but • only to section
three.
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. lL— The barken
tine Quickstep arrived last night seventy
five days out from Salinas Cruz, Mexico,
with her bottom covered with more bar
nacles than any craft that has made this
port in years. For thirty days the Quick
step drifted about becalmed in southern
seas. Provisions were getting low, and
Captain Gruner headed for Honolulu, ar
riving there with only two sacks of flour
and half a sack of beans.
Makes Port With Little Food.
proclamation at Pretoria had a comforting
effect last week on the Stock Exchange.
"Whether the more hopeful spirit with
which it was received was due to senti
ment cr to well-grounded reason the fu
ture must determine, but the immediate
effect was to Improve prices somewhat.
Another hopeful factor "sras decidedly
easy money. Not only fn London but in
New York and on the Continent did this
condition prevail, and on the Continent
the principal Bourse rates were all under
24 per cent.
Enough gold is afloat and coming In
from the provinces to raise the reserve of
the Bank of England well over £25,000,
'XW. New York exchange was high and
is likely to remain so. Naturally there
ie some caution In discount circles in
view of New York's probable demand for
goM for the autumn crop movements, but
it is not believed that the drain will be
sufficient to raise London rates material
ly. The week witnessed the unusual spec
tacle of an improvement in home rails
and a decline in Americans. This arose
on one hand from renewed apprehension
regarding the steel strike, while on the i
other the fact that railroad sha.res de
scended to about the lowest possible fig
ures was due to reaction. The outlook for
home traffic is exceedingly gloomy. The
half-yearly statements of the railway
companies are all in. and they ehow a
serious falling off in the gross receipts
In almost even- case, while the tremen
dously increased working cost materially
reduces dividends. The managers confess
that they see no prospect of improvement
for years ahead, and there is a general
err for retrenchment. There is a wide
field for improvement in the equipment
of both freight and passenger depart
ments, and this fact, combined with the
present low price of stocks, seems to offc
a favorable opening for American enter
prise to do for the steam roads what it
is already doing for the tramway lines
So far as the steel strike is concerned
there Is wide divergence of opinion with
reference to the relative strength of the
men and the employers. There is also a
plentiful supply of misinformation as to
the American labor situation in general
The only unanimity of belief Is in the
conviction that the strike is certain to
have a disastrous effect upon industrial
Interests. Consequently .the outlook for
business In the American section of the
Stor-k Exchange is not promising.
BERLIN, Aug. 1L— Last week's Bourse
vas without striking: features and more
quiet than usual, but the general tone
v.as somewhat improved. The Frankfurt-'
er Zeitung says that scarcely one trans
action in shares was made, as far as in
vestment is concerned. The attention of
the market was much occupied with the
affairs of the banks. The semi-annual
reports have had a. somewhat reassuring
effect upon the market.
Interest in American railways was
silent. Canadians were very active.
Prussia's <*oal production for the first
f!x months of the year was 43,828,383 tons,
or an increase of 299,233 tons.
LONDON, Aug. ll.-Lord Kitchener's
Congressional Legisla
tion Is Needed to De
velop Philippines.
Merchants Alarmed by
Importation of Bra
zilian Coffee. -
The pedestrians who were abroad in the
vicinity of O'Farrell and Market streets
about 10 o'clock Friday night witnessed
a startling episode. An injured wife
wreaked vengeance there on a recreant
husband and his lady friend, whom he
had taken to the theater. The wife had
the assistance of a stalwart brother, who
proceeded to make things interesting for
the husband, while the wife took care of
the lady friend. For a while hair and
complexion powder were at a discount in
the neighborhood. AH' of the principals
were finely dressed and gave evidence of
respectability.
The affray attracted an immense crowd,
many of whom took sides and cheered
the interested parties on to battle. Most
of the audience took the side of the In
jured wife and encouraged he:- to assert
her marital rights, which she did not hes
itate to do in a most hearty manner. She
was finally led awny by her brother after
she had succeeded in almost completely
wrecking her victim's .dress and extract-
Ing a quantity of glossy tresses. \The at
¦'c parties immediately left j
of battle and went away from the ap
plauding crowd.
The husband remained loyally by his
companion and the two wended their way
up O'Farrell street, followed by a great
portion of the crowd. They requested Of
ficer Beach to drive the throng back,
but his efforts proved all in vain. The
two went into an O'Farrell street saloon,
where the wom?n was given a chance to
repair the damage to her attire. •
to the Delight of a Large
Audience.
Hair Is Pulled on Market Street
Railway Shares Thought
to Have Touched
Bottom Prices.
As the season's casting draws to a close
great improvement is shown in the scores
in all of the events. Some of the new
men have made wonderful strides, the
most noticeable improvement being thaf
of Blade Foulkes and the Kcnniff broth
ers, who in less than one season's cast-
Ing are well up among the veterans.
Among the older members Golcher easilv
leads in long distance, his score yester
day being 109 feet. Everett was high man
in accuracy, with 95 per cent, and Man«
lield led in delicacy with 88 4-12 per cent.
The lure casting was hotly contested
.with three men closely bunched. C. Ken
nlff led with S6 1-15. Brotherton 94 12-15
and B. Kenniff 94 2-15 per cent. Mansfield
was not far behind, his score beinjr
31 12-15 per cent.
The full scores follow:
Fly Casting at Stow Lake.
REDDING. Aug. 11.— John L. Mund3,
Sheriff of Yavapai County, Arizona, ar
rived here this morning and started back
with a telephone lineman who under the
name of R. D. Vivian has -worked here.
He is alleged to be R. D. Foreman, a man
wanted in Arizona for murder. Sheriff
Munds. while never having seen Foreman,
says Vivian answers that Indlvdual'a de
scription exactly, down to the loss of two
fingers and a tattoo mark on the arm.
Takes a Prisouer to Arizona.
WIFE CALLS RECREANT .
SPOUSE TO ACCOUNT
LONDON, Aug. 11.— It is still doubtful
if Parliament will .be able to prorogue
August 17, but the legislators are work
ing hard with that object in. view. Theo
retically, the House of Commons finishes
the day's business at 12 o'clock, but the
12 o'clock hour has been suspended and
last week the House worked till 5 or 6 in
the morning in order to get through the.
Ministerial programme. In consequence,
it has been a most ill-tempered assembly.
Each hour was marked by asperities,
which is quite unusual.
Wrangles in Parliament.
VENTURA. Aug. 11.— The American
Beet Sugar Company has added another
large tract of land to the acreage it now
controls in this county. The new acquisi
tion is the famous Los Posas grant, of
nearly GOO acres. It is located east of the
Del Norte rancho in the low-lying foot
hills of the southern section of the coun
ty. The land acquired is owned, by Thom
as R. Bard. Mr. Salisbury, D. T. Perkins
and J. L. Erringer. The lease runs for six
years and the transaction represents a
transfer of about $25,000.
Purchases Acres in Ventura.
PORTO RICANS
ENTER PROTEST
Edifice Narrowly Escape Seri
ous Injury.
PARIS, Aug. 11.— A bomb was exploded
this afternoon near the altar of the
Church of St. . Nizier at Troys, doing con
siderable damage to the XIII century
window, but not injuring any of the hun
dred children .who, together with a priest,
were in the sacred edifice at the time. A
Spaniard has been arrested on suspicion
of being the author of the outrage.
Priest and Children Who Were in the
BOMB SET OFF IN CHURCH
OF ST. NIZIER AT TROYS
TUFT SUGGESTS
SOME NEW LAWS
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— An Oakland
girl and a graduate of the Uni
versity of California has taken
first honors in this year's examin
ation at Sarbonne, the great
center of learning in France. She is prob
ably the first of her sex to hold that dis
tinction since the founding of the uni
versity during mediaeval days. It is not
common for a woman to enter Sarbonne,
but for one to carry off first honors over
the world's students is something re
markable. Indeed, and something of which
womankind may well be proud.
The young lady who nas brought fame
and distinction to herself and honor to
her university is Lucy Ware "Williams, a
graduate of the class of 1897. Miss Wil
liams entered college with ,the class of
1896. but as she remained out a year she
did not graduate until 1897. On graduation
she received the degree of Bachelor of
Philosophy. She was a student of marked
ability and showed great promise for
future work. She has been studying in
Paris for three years, holding during that
time, a Phebe A. Hearst scholarship.
Miss Williams came from Natlorcnl
City, where her parents are residing.
While here her bright and cheerful dispo
sition brought many more friends into her
life than is usually allotted the close stu
dent and deep thinker. She was a gen
eral favorite at college.
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— It is stated that as
a result of a conference held at the Audi
torium yesterday between Koswell Miller,
C. M. Hays. Mr. Lomax and Senator
Clark, officials respectively of the Chi
cago. Milwaukee and St. Paul, the South
ern Pacific, the Union Pacific and the Salt
Lake-Los Angeles road, now in process oC
construction, Senator Clark will be grven
uninterrupted right of way for his road
between Salt Lake and Los Ansre'es.
The conference was held In Senator
Clark's room and lasted nearly all day.
Miller left the meeting after an hour an«l
went to the offices of the St. Paul road,
but went back to Senator Clark's* room
After the meeting Senator Clark left for
his home, seemingly in a highly content
ed frame of mind.
Officials Aid in His Projected Road
Between Salt Lake and Los
Angeles.
SENATOR CLARK GIVEN
SUITABLE RIGHT OF WAY
MISS LUCY WARE WILLIAMS, YOUNG LADY GRADUATE OF CALI
FORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY, WHO BROUGHT GLORY TO HER SEX
BY WINNING FIRST HONORS AT SARBONNE, FRANCE.
LONDON MARKET
SHOWS STRENGTH
It is stated unofficially that If the Phil
adelphia arrives in time she will be sent
to Panama, and the Iowa will return to
Puget Sound. In case the Philadelphia
does not arrive In time the Iowa will go.
The Iowa commenced coaling for her
southern trip this afternoon. She will
po into the drydock to-morrow morning
for minor repairs and leave on the even
irg- tide.
SEATTLE, Aug. 11.— Information re
ceived here to-night from the Puget
Sound Navy Yard is to the effect that
the battleship Iowa will sail for San
Francisco to-morrow evening. She will
remain at San Francisco several days in
hopes that the cruiser Philadelphia will
arrive there from Samoa.
Go to the Isthmus.
Battleship Coming South and May
IOWA FOE. PANAMA.
Emery resisted his assailant and pushed
him aside, when a second man jumped on
him from behind. After a short struggle
the robber and the intended victim fell
to the ground together. The robber show
ed no inclination to press the fight, and
Emery, taking advantage of the opportu
nity; made a hasty exit from the ceme
tery.
McKinlay is a brother of D. E. McKin
lay, Assistant United States District At
torney. ¦
J. A.- Emery, secretary of the Board of
HealU? while crossing through Calvary
Cemetery shortly after 8 o'clock last night
was set upon by a man who attempted to
rob him.
McKinlay reported the matter to the
police and an officer was sent to investi
gate. While directing the policeman to
the scene of the holdup, McKinlay pointed
out J. T. Carr, alias Brick, a young team
ster, as one of his assailants. Carr was
arrested and charged with robbery. The
police believe that they will soon appre
hend the other men.
A. C. McKinlay. an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company, was - robbed
by a crowd of men early last evening on
a side street near the corner of Third and
Howard. McKinlay had come from his
home in Oakland, and was carrying a
suit of clothes which he had in a bundle
to a cleaning establishment on Third
street. Below Mission street he was ap
proached by some men and enticed Into
a side street, where they set- upon him
and robbed him of $43 in coin and his
bundle of clothes.
and Relieved of His
Money.
Enticed Into a Side Street Near Third
A. C. McKINI/AY BOBBED
BY A GANG OF ROUGHS
Mr. Halton, on behalf of the Hotel Ra
fael, has offered two silver challenge cups
for the men's doubles to be played next
month. The cups are to be won three
times by the same team before becoming
the permanent property of that team. In
addition Mr. HaJton has offered SWO for
prizes for the men's tournaments and $50
for the women's. Spaulding & Co. has put
up a cup valued at S300 for the singles
championship of the coast, to be won
three times.
Percy w. Williams and Frank Stringham
« e /- at * Sldney Salisbury and George Whipple.
--6, 6-2, 6-4, 6-4, 7-5. S-6, winninR five sets out
or six; Salisbury and L. E. Wood beat Armsby
and Bentley, 6-3, 6-4 4-6
A. Worthimrton beat J. G. Gibson. 3-6 6-3
6-4; Daily beat Worthington, 6-2 6-2' G \"
ArmFby beat L. B. Wood. 6-1, 6-1. 6-1, ' 6-2 :
Richard Erskine beat Kenneth Hamilton. 6-3.
6-2. 6-4; A. Rcsenberg and M. Johnson tied.
6-3. 4-6: Ray Cornell beat C. Kuehn. 6-3 9-7.
6-2; Robert Reid beat R. Krpklne. 6-3; Frank
fctrirgham beat George Whlpple. 6-2, 6-2.
In doubles the following matches were
played :
Local players took advantage of the
warm weather of yesterday and the Cali
fornia courts were busy all day. Merle
Johnson was in fine form and defeated
Chet Smith, 6-1, 6-0. 6-1. Play was much
closer than the score indicates. Other
matches in singles resulted as follows:
The best tennis match yesterday was
played on the courts of the Hotel Rafael.
Four of the best local men— George Whit
ney, Grant Smith, W. B. Collier and Har
old Crowell — were the contestants. Whit
ney and Smith proved slightly superior In
doubles, as they beat Collier and Crowell
three sets^out of four, the score standing
3-6. 6-3, 7-5. 6-3. The oppressive heat
caused the players considerable annoy
ance.
the Courts on Both' Sides of
the Bay.
Numerous Tennis Games Played/ on
WHITNEY AND SMITH
WIN AT SAN RAFAEL
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 11.— Rumor,
almost always busy with Minister qf
Finance M. Witte, has set afloat various
stories of ill health to account for his de
ferring his proposed journey to Manchu
ria in order to take a course at Wiesba
den. Most Ministers naturally prefer
Wiesbaden to Manchuria as a cure to un
remitting labor during the hot summer
months. Not. so with M. Witte, who Is a
sort of Atlas in the Russian, world, and
has one of those natures which are alike
greedy of work and unwilling to drop even
for a spell the reins of power. The most
persistent report is that the Minister is
threatened with meningitis. The truth
seems to be thatJhe has undergone un
usual strain during the last twelve months
and is in need of a thorough rest. If cer
tain people, "who often know what Is be
ing talked of In court circles are not in
error, he will have the satisfaction next
¦winter of seeing Mme. Witte received at
court. It is said that the young Empress
has taken quite a fancy to Mme. Witte.
Meningitis as the Result of
the Last Year's Strain.
Russian Official Threatened With
MINISTER OF FINANCE „
WITTE'S FALLING HEALTH
Mrs. Lipari openly announced that she
was going away with, Leffen, and she
said that it would be useless to follow
them. Mrs. Leffen says she pleaded with
the -woman to cease her endeavors to
win the affections of her husband, but
her pleadings were laughed at, and the
woman boasted of her influence over her
sister's husband.
Mrs. Leffen says that for nearly a year
her 'husband has been under the influ
ence of her sister, Mrs. • Myra Lipari,
who secured a divorce from her husband
scarcely a. year ago. Last Thursday Lef
fen went to his home, packed the be
longings of Mrs. Lipari and his . own
clothes In a trunk, end after telling his
wife that he was going to leave her for
ever took the train for San Francisco.
Since then nothing has been seen or
heard of him.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 11.— Will A.
Leffen of this city Is charged with hav
ing deserted his wife and four-weeks
old child and left for parts unknown
with his wife's sister. The story is told
by the man's wife, who, with tears in
her eyes, said to-day:
"He kissed the baby, bade me goo3
by and said he would never see me
again. Then he went away with my sis
ter, but where he went I do not know."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It is very generally believed here that
the withdrawal of the Colombian Minis
ter from Caracas marks the beginning of
¦what will eventually become an open
rupture between the two Governments,
which may lead to war if peace cannot
be preserved through the good offices of
the United States.
\\ hen seen to-night he was at a loss
to understand the significance of the In
tended departure of the Colombian Min
ister from Caracas. He called attention
to the fact that the cablegram Bays spe
cifically that no passports were given to
the Minister, from which It would seem
that his departure did not Indicate a for
mal breaking off of diplomatic relations.
Had Venezuela dismissed the Minister
his passports would have been sent to
him. and had Colombia recalled him with
the Intention of severing relations he
would. In accordance with diplomatic
usage, have demanded his passports.
It Is known In Washington that the Co
lombian Government Is fully satisfied not
only that Colombian Insurgents are re
ceiving assistance from the Venezuelan
side cf the border with the connivance
of local officials, but also that President
Castro of Venezuela is secretly support
ing them. For this reason the feeling In
Colombia against Venezuela, and espe
cially against President Castro, is very
intense.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET N
V,\. WASHINGTON, Aug. ll.-Senor Her
ran. charge d'affaires of Colombia In
Washington, has received no confirmation
from his Government of the Information
contained In a cable dispatch from Car
acas that the Colombian Minister to
Venezuela wou.d leave to-morrow and
turn over his legation to Mr. Russell, the
American charge c* 'affaires. The last dis
patch received by Senor Herran was
dated July 27, and he attributed his fail
ure to receive later Information to the
interruption of communication by a
break, in the cable line running to Co
lombia,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Passengers on the Great Northern over
land train, which arrived last night two
hours late, report that the greatest forest
fire known for years is raging in the
mountains just west of Wellington on
both sides of the track. Several bridges
have caught fire, but the company's fire
engines have so far been able to protect
all railway property.
When the overland train passed through
the burning forest many of the passen
gers were overcome by fright and several
women fainted. The smoke and heat was
almost Intolerable, and the train raced
with the leaping flames until safety was
assured. The train men report that the
fire Is the worst seen In the Cascades
since 1S%. All trains have been delayed.
A tremendous fire is reported to be
burning between Woodinville and Grace,
and some fear is expressed for the farm
dwellings and barns in the vicinity. Fires
are causing much damage In heavy tim
ber about Shelton. in Mason County, and
also in Chehalis County.
TACOMA. Aug. ll.-Forest fires are rag
ing between Lake Samamish and the
Snoqualmle River, and many lumber
camps are In danger. Haley's camp, on
the Snoqualmie, was yesterday saved only
by the strenuous efforts of fifty men.
Many thousands of dollars worth of tim
ber has already been destroyed, and lum
bermen say unless it rains soon more
damage is Inevitable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Maior General Francis V. Green**. i«
president of the organization. Is In Europe
at present and will be unable to attend
the reunion.
Among the more prominent military
officers who will be in attendance ar*»
General Irving Hale, Colonel Boyle and
Lieutenant Colonel Lipplncott of Colorado,
Colonel Thomas R. Hamer of Idaho. Gen
eral H. C. Kessler and Major J. R. Miller.
Montana: Captain F. M. IJnsoot. Nevada:
General H. G. Otis and Major B. F. Rice.
California: General Owen Summer?,
Oregon: Colonel W. T. Fife. Washington:
Colonel Gracey Childers. Tennessee: Ma
jors C. A. Vlckers and J. N. Killian. Ne
braska: Lieutenant Colonel Lee Stover
and Majora Howard and Worne. South
Dakota: Colonel William Trueman. North
Dakota: General C. McC. Reeves an-1
Colonel W. F. Ames. Minnesota: Major
F. M. Foote, Wyoming: Colonel J. C.
Loper and Major T. A. Hume of Iowa;
General W. S. Metcalf and Lieutenant
Colonel E. C. Little of Kansas, and Coio
nel Pope formerly quartermaster general
under General otis at Manila.
Thursday will be devoted to the election
of officers and viewing the principal po'.nia
of Interest in and about the city.
The first business session of the society
will be held In Assembly Hall Tuesday
afternoon. This will be followed hy a
patriotic meeting in the Tabernacle, the
delegates being welcomed to the State by
Governor "Wells. The speakers at this
meeting will be Brigadier General Irving
Hale of Colorado, Brigadier General W. S.
Metcalf of Kansas and Captain P, J.
Cosgrove.of Nebraska.
The principal event on the programme
for Wednesday will be the grand military
and civic parade, of which Gener.il
William H. Penrose. U. S. A. (retired*,
will be grand marshal. Following th^
parade a special organ recital will bo
given in the Tabernacle, after which the
visitors will spend the balance of the day
at Salt Air.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Aug. 11.— Every
thing points to a successful meeting of the
National Society. Army of the Philippine*,
which will hold its second annual encamo
ment and reunion in this city August 13,
14 and 15. It will be the first great gather
ing of army men in Salt Lake and -wi!l
bring together soldiers of rank and fila
from every quarter of the Union. Fully
2000 veterans of the Spanish and Phi'.io
pine wars are expected to attend the re
union, and elaborate arrangements have
been made for their entertainment.
At the Inquest to-day a report was
made by a chemist, Frank T. Green of
San Francisco, which stated that he had
been unable to find any traces of poison
in the stomach. The jury, however, paid
no attention to this evidence, and re
t-irned a verdict that Mrs. Thomas came
to her death "from poison administered
by some one to this jury unknown."
A month before her death Mrs. Thoma3
had her life insured in a fraternal order
for $1000. District Attorney Campbell
took part in the inquest to-day, and will
continue his investigations further.
Mrs. Thomas, the wife of T. J. Thomas,
a wood and coal dealer, was taken sud
denly ill on Wednesday morning, and two
hours later died. Her dea^h was pre
ceded by spasms, and there were indica
tions eof strychnine poisoning. Near her
was found a bottle that had contained
ergot, and her husband and Sirs. Mary
Wilson, a friend, testified that Mrs.
Thomas was in the habit of using the
drug.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 11.— The mystery sur
rounding the sudden death of Mrs. Mar
garet Thomas, which occurred Wednes
day morning, has not been solved- by the
Coroner's inquest. Instead, the jury has
added a more sensational color to the mat
ter, and the verdict to-day casts suspi
cion of murder upon some person who
probably was connected with her. The 'in
quiry into her ueath has beer. , most
searching and exhaustive, and the Ques
tion considered was whether it was a
case of murder or suicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fires Raging Around Railroad
Property in Wash
ington.
Husband, She Declares, Sud
denly Ran Away With
Her Sister.
A Hearty Welcome Will Be
Given the Army Men by
'>• the Residents.
Is Believed to Mark the Be
ginning- of Open Rupture
Between Two Nations.
Result of Inquest at San Jose
Causes More Invest
igation.
Colombian Minister Has
Left His Post in
Venezuela.
Veterans of the Spanish
and Philippine Wars
Will Attend.
Great Northern Passen
gers Have Exciting
Experience. .
Mystery Not Uncovered
Surrounding Death of
Mrs. Thomas.
San Bernardino Woman
Tells a Story of
. ¦ ' Desertion.
SAYS HE LEFT
WIFE AND CHILD
GRAND REUNION
AT SALT LAKE
JURY DECLARES
IT WAS MURDER
WAR BREWING
IB-THE SOUTH
TRAIN RACES
THROUGH FLAMES
THIS SA\N"'. JfKAJVClSUO CAiiL, MUJNUAI,S AUGUST 12, 1901.
HONORS AT SARBONNE
GO TO OAKLAND GIRL
. * _
Miss Lucy Williams First of Her Sex to Carry
Off the Great Educational Prize.,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMER.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed. Aue. 11— Stmr Gros
ser Kurfurst, from Bremen, for New York.,
Cornelius Coleman, a bellf>Qy _at the
Occidental Hotel, was treated atTrhe. City
and County , Hospital I yesterday" for. a
broken nose, caused. by his being thrown
from his bicycle at the corner of Army
and Folsom streets.
7
R S Event No. 3. W
"» Delicacy. OJ
|S"33 ?! « 55 Is
¦S-° »? 5 § *§ s ' * p
CONTESTANT. £« ? «g* S* * £.~
" •» : : a o c
: 3 : : : ,Z a
Battu 89 92.8 88 175 K1.6 49 12-15
Brooks 1C2 92.4 S7.S|71.8 79.8
Blade 85 S3. 4 7G. 4 70 173.2
Brotherton 120 89 88 77.6 82.9 94 12-13
Daverkosen 103 54.4 S4.8 77.6 81.1
Kverett 118.6 95 195 176.8 86.10
F*oulks 111.6193.8 84.8177.6 81.1
Grant 105 89.4186.8 76.8 81.8
Golcher 129 J87.8I90 |7».2 84.7 78 13-15
Huyck 98 S2. 4188. 4173. 4 80.10
B. Kennlk 113 S8.4I88.4 72.6 80.5 94 2-15
C R. KennJff 107 SS.4I90 75 82. 6 96 3-15
Klerulff 81 S8.8|80,4 65.10 73.1
Mansfield 94.8|93.4|83.4 88.4 91 10-15
Muller 107 91 78 176.8 77.4
Smyth 91 S8.S80 84.4
Young 97 192.4 93 |70 81.6
R S Event No. 3. W
"» Delicacy. OJ
|S"33 ?! « 55 Is
¦S-° »? 5 § *§ s ' * p
CONTESTANT. £« ? «g* S* * £.~
" •» : : a o c
: 3 : : : ,Z a
Battu 89 92.8 88 175 K1.6 49 12-15
Brooks 1C2 92.4 S7.S|71.8 79.8
Blade 85 S3. 4 7G. 4 70 173.2
Brotherton 120 89 88 77.6 82.9 94 12-13
Daverkosen 103 54.4 S4.8 77.6 81.1
Kverett 118.6 95 195 176.8 86.10
F*oulks 111.6193.8 84.8177.6 81.1
Grant 105 89.4186.8 76.8 81.8
Golcher 129 J87.8I90 |7».2 84.7 78 13-15
Huyck 98 S2. 4188. 4173. 4 80.10
B. Kennlk 113 S8.4I88.4 72.6 80.5 94 2-15
C R. KennJff 107 SS.4I90 75 82. 6 96 3-15
Klerulff 81 S8.8|80,4 65.10 73.1
Mansfield 94.8|93.4|83.4 88.4 91 10-15
Muller 107 91 78 176.8 77.4
Smyth 91 S8.S80 84.4
Young 97 192.4 93 |70 81.6
Fair trade: Fels-Xaptha soap.
Proof: your money back if you
want it.
Fels & Co.. makers, Philadelphia.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." Kill the germ that causes dandruff,
falling hair and baldness, you will have
no more -dandruff and your hair must
grow luxuriantly • Herpicide not only con-
tains the dandruff germ destroyer, but it
is also a most delightful hair dressing for
regular toilet use. No other hair prepa-
ration Is on *.his scientific basis of de-
stroying the dandruff germ, and none oth-
er claims to be. for the simple reason that
it la only recently that a destroyer of the
germ has been discovered— Newbro's
Herpicide, the only. hair preparation that
MUiUiaMv kllla dcnrtriift
Germ. Be Eradicated.
It Is Necessary That the Dandruff
TO CURE DANDRTJPF.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD VERTISEfc! ENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 1901.
8
DENTISTS Continued.
DR~'aT"cT~^ELLOGG— Experienced . dentist;
specialties, crown and 'bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. .110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments: IpweBt rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. S3: filling?. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRIjMAN. dentist, third floor. Kx-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg. '..
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
FOc. , N. V. Dentists. SPD Minion st.. cor. 6th.-
\\*N VROOM— "Painless": eveningsand Sun-
dav*. joni Market rt.. corner Sixth.
SKT ~t tenth" without plate. DR. II. G.
T>T-V,~. ,0(1 pnlfc jjf.
DEUMATOLOCISTS.^^
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed by
electrolysis: facial massage wjth hydro-vacu.
Miss mtt.t.man. nan nri«n Ft.
detective: agencies; .
McCABE'fci Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Ppreckeis building,
r."-.f~= S?S-??4. Fan. Tra nr-|p<-o: t»1. South S'Tl.
nUESSSIAKlSRS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL. Dressmaking & Alillinery School—
Cliss rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
atttentlon. 1?1 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIOXAL.
NIGHT SCHOOL 'FOR MEN.
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school in the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Ma3oa
and Ellis ets. ; opening night, Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; departments — Art, business, civil service,,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA, educational director.
AYRKS 1 Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
. complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand.' typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial fihrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $30; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
FChool for the university, law and medical
- colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Xaillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
Kssoclated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. J20 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, figures: the one man who per-
fects beglnneis, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL cour«e of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $50. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market St.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessens. fiOc-, piano for practice. *9 Fifth st.
PROF. I^ MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile clas?. 100S Mission.
STATE Normal graduate desires pupil* in prl«
mary and grammar studies. Box 4605. Call.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTIXOTON'S DAY anl
ILLUSTRATION— nlrht class. <24 Pine st.
HEALD'R Ruslness College. 24 Post Ft.. P.F.;
founded 1S63: new 80-page catalogue free.
PIANO and German: ouoll cf Leipsic Conserva-
tory; lessons T5c and $1. 320 Oolden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or rve. : $3 mo. 10?4 MI??Ion. nr. 6th.
MISS R. ELLTR. teacher of piano. 1S23 DevUa-
dero st. ; telephone Geary 4S1.
CHFAPFST and best In America— Th» Weekly
Cull. 16 pRpes. s<»nt tn any address in the
•United States or Canada one year for SI.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^ ..-
JAPANESE and ChGieTr^lT^f^ir^dnaT;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post Ft.: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish min
reliable help. F.24 Bush st. : telephone Bush BW.
ORPHEUM Ktr.Dloyment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 42fi Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce—
Beat help. 411H O'Farrell st; tel. East 425.
RKLIABLU Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flre: nil kinn> h«*ln. ,_ S15 <3tr>fWnn: Mb In MSR.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion: best city references: city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires situation: best of references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation:
best city references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 3T5 Sutter st. -
A FIRST-CLASS infant nurse desires situation:
best city ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife desire position; man bookkeeper
and utility man; wife good housekeeper; ex-
cellent references: city or country. Address
C. P., bcx 4796, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a
permanent position as housekeeper Or cook
in a private institution, hotel or family; city
or country. 122 Seventh st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes position cook-'
ing and housework; no postals answered un-
less car fare paid. 271 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED nurse would like care of in-
valid by day or by night. P. O. box 126,
Berkeley, Cal.
DISCREET, refined- lady desires position in
rocmlng-house as managing : housekeeper.
Box 4694. Call. •
WANTED — Position as stenographer and type-
writer; moderate . salary. Address box 4601,
Call.
A DANISH woman, experienced laundress,
wishes work by the day in private families.
18 Lewis Et.
COOK for parties; finest of French and Ger-
man cooking; references. 1633 Sacramento
St., near Polk; phone Polk 2E51. ..
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and ladies' tailor,
perfect fitter, wants engagements, $125 per
day. 244 Taylor st. .
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper: refined and trustworthy;
light work; moderate wages. MRS. LISTON,
Peachtroe, Monterey County.
A— EXPERIENCED stenographer and type-
writer wishes permanent position; $30 to com-
mence; references. L. C. box 4G3C. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
k'S— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 BO to
$8 weak; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRAN.CH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrtptlons has been established at 1096
i Valencia st
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- r_~etv*rt Bt Call branch offlce 2200 Filimore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE. I
WANTED— By young man, 20 years of age,
high school and business college education, a
position where there is a chance for ad-
vancement; would Invest $BO0O or $6000 later
on In good business. Box 2291, Call, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and clerk, 30 years
old. desires position in country or on ranch;
good references; moderate salary. B. G., 504
Folsom st.
RELIABLE man and wife want charge of
place or work on ranch. Address G. LABOR,
504 Natoma st
MIDDLE-AGED Dane wishes situation in pri-
! vate family: understands care of horses, cows
and garden; first-class recommendation.
HENRY STEVE, G8 Natoma. st.
POSITION as timekeeper with large concern;
have handled time for 600 men. Box 4714, CaH.
i A MIDDLE-AGED, sober hotel man wishes
position as day or night clerk; speaks Eng-
lish, French and German; security if neces-
sary Box 2293, Call offlce, Oakland.
A MARRIED man, thoroughly experienced in'
mercantile and offlce work," also window
¦ trimming, de-Ires situation either', In city or
outside towns. Address box 493C, , Call. . ,
FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber will work by
¦ th<» day or month for property owner or es-
tate; has all necessary shop tools. Box 4649.
¦' Call office. • . -
JAPANESE. boy, would like position as waiter;
. city or country. HARA, .1010 Pine st .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recehed at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmpre st.
A* BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
'subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. , - .
FATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated E.T.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia :tel.Capp 2f«2.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC ¦ Coast Underwriting Co. . (inc.) — We
have 42 , offices in operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds; : comoanies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
¦ or address main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
COLE. 411, cor. Oak— One^atTefTPfurnlture
_ for sale: tiled bathroom and sink; beamed
-and frescoed ceilings; marble steps and vesti-
bule; can be seen between 10 and 4 o'clock
every day-. '
STANYAN. 1130. three blocks frotn Golden Gate
Park— Haight or Ellis cars; Just finished, -3
modern flats, C and 7 rooms, $20 to $28; will
sell at a .bargain; easy terms; key at build-
in-.. • . . .. . ,
56 — NEW flat 3 rooms partly furnished, water
free;. 21 Holly st. ; Kearny and Mission Et.
cars pass the door; 50 feet Mission, opp. 1 Thlr-
ty-thlrd and Mission; no children^
FEW steps from City .Hall, fine sunny top flat.
¦ 6 rooma and bath. 12 Grove st. " •
GROVE. 721%— Upper flat. 5 rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping; piano.
FOURTEENTH ave. and N »t.. South S. F.—
Elegant' flat, 6 rms. & bath; latest lmpts.
MIDDLE flat of 3 rooms at 1310 Larkin st.
¦ Apply 1318 Larkjn st. , - - ¦ "
O'FARRELL. lisS-Mcdern flats, 6 rooms, bath,
yard, basement; reasonable to-good tenant. '
$17 SO— FLAT- of 5 rooms and bath. 571 Hayes
Et., near Laguna: no small children.
$1S— 5 ROOMS and bath. 1376 Union st, near
¦ Polk. • ¦
, PLATS WASTED.'
WANTED— Furnisheo"flat of 6 or 7 rooms;
must be first-class in every respect; refer-
ences exchanged. Box 46S2, Call office
-furniture; for sale.
FOR sale— New furniture of a 7-rpom house
for cash or monthly payments; selling on ac-
count of departure for Europ*. A. VKRRA.
19 Silver st.
i ROOMS furnished In oak. 148 60, with Np. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. U27-1H1 Market
$100— FURNITURE of 7-room flat; call after-
noons; no dealers. 1620 Polk «t.
" FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694.
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071. »
Auctioneer; W. P. Beaucnamp. 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jesale 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
BEFORE selling your furniture, see Abram's
' Auction House. 1105 Mission. Tel. Jeasle 11M.
TEL. Jessie 76\ before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
,, GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: k»nt In repnlr. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAKTKD FEMALE.
AT C B, HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....
2 waitresses, Santa Monica, free fare J23
4 waitresses, Corona do Beach, one-half -fare.
$25
2 waitresses, MarysvIUe, fare paid $20
• Waitress, Napa $20
Waitress, Winnemucca, Nev., fare paid. ..125
2 waitresses, Alameda $20
3 waitresses, Sacramento $25
20 waitresses, city ....¦ .420
Restaurant waitresses $7 week
Chambermaid, springs $20
Waitress, same place $20
Waitress, Sonoma $20
Waitress, Lathrop ....$20
Women for general work, hotels : $20
Ironers, country $30
Pantry woman, first-class hotel, fara paid.. $23
Waitress, helps hall, city $2a
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Many places in. this department, among
. which are some for German nurse girls and
do.sewins, house girls, cooks, second girls,
both for city and country, wages $10-$30; call
and investigate. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city, $25; waitresses for Fres-
no, Stockton, Sacramento, Marysville, Coro-
nado Beach. Salt Lake City, Utah, Palo Alto,
city, $20 and $25: waitress, small restaurant,
country, fare paid; 5 chambermaids to wait,
city and country, $20 and $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 houseglrls, ranches, $20, fares paW, see
ladles here: working housekeeper, 2 in family,
$20; German cook, $30; nurse. 1 baby. $20;
nurse, care children in afternoon, $3 week
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st
LADIES wishing to employ respectable help
please call - or address. All mall orders
promptly attended to. Respectable women
¦ and young girls can secure good positions by
calling. Wanted, by a lady, position as house-
keeper, best references. Apply HARBRIDGE
& CO., 323 Kearny. st.,- room 4.. .
A — GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework and good plain cooking, small
American family; $25. Apply Sunday and
Monday at 233 Third ave.; take Geary or Sut-
ter st. car and get off at Third ave.
WANTED Immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 Bran-
nan st. •
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
. work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Cb., 425 Brannan st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
piece and day work; steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Bferry sts.
WANTED— Women and girls /to work on
peaches and pears; Fteady employment: high-
est wages paid. . Apply AMERICAN FRUIT
PACKING CO.. Harrison ave.; off Folsom st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED— A reliable girl for light housekeep-
lng and cooking; no windows, no washing;
every Sunday off. Apply after 8 a. m. 301
Jones st.
- 2 ; _____
WANTED — Hairdresser and manicure: also' ap-
prentice; paid while learning. HALE BROS.
987 Market st ,
SHOEFITTERS— Experienced table hands and
apprentices wanted. G. M. KUTZ CO 103
..Mission st. .
EXPERIENCED girl for light downstairs
work; must be a good cook; good wages. 1180
O'Farrell st. '
"WANTED— A . young -girl for housework. 710
Hyde st . .
GIRL for light housework; wages $10 to $12.
2084 Market St.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses; permanent
positions; good pay; no fee. 127 Mason st
GUtL for general housework. 2306 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; small
family; good wagea. 2423 Sutter st.
GIRLS wanted for dressmaking. 1407 Laguna
street.
GIRL assist general housework, for country.
Apply at 2005 Pine st.
NEAT young German girl to help in bakery.
108 Ninth at. - /
YOUNG girl for housework and cooking; small
family. Oall 9 to 12, 1810 Laguna st.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and general
. housework. Apply between 9 and 12. 2422 Clay.
GOOD cook who understands German cooking.
1815 Laguna st.
GIRL to assist 'in light housework. 329 Golden
. Gate ave. -,
GIRL for general housework, 3 in family. Call
between 9 and 10, 1224 Octavla st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Apply 2210 Central ave.; car fare.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin ¦ under-
wear; also learners; paid while learning. G7
W. REYNOLDS, 697 Mission st. cor. Second.
1 OR 2 girls familiar with housework (no cook-
¦ ing), who want to attend college on econom-
ical basis will find good home free for work
they can do at 670 Harrison at, Rlncon Hill.
OPERATORS to take work home. Mission and
Annie Fts.. (new building), between Second
and Third.* third floor. ¦ ¦¦- .' -
OPERATORS to work In factory. Mission and
Annie sts. (new building), between Second
• ¦ and Third, third ¦ floor. . ¦ ' - -¦'¦ ¦
FIRST-CLASS sewers on tennis gowns, skirts,
etc.. to take work home. H. FRIEDLAN-
DER. 338 Fell Bt.
INTELLIGENT, trustworthy woman., over 25,
by wholesale house;, no bookkeeping orsten-
ography. Box 4801, Call - office.
WANTED-rGIrls i to eew shirts; a few inex-
perienced' taught. , Apply THE ' L. ELKES
CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st. , '
GIRLS to learn hairdressing trade; taught in 2
weeks; entire course $5; positions guaranteed.
College, 233. Geary st, room 35.' „ '.'-' '- :
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to help with
• housework; good home; small wages. 15-7
. Fifteenth at. . . :
ACTIVE girls to learn laundry work. St.
.Nicholas - Laundry, : Seventeenth and Folsom.
WANTED— Women for ' light work on fruit.
1731 1 Folsom st
HELP WANTED FEMALE^ — Con.
$25 TO $35 per week guaranteed ; 5 ladies and
3. gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell, College of Ora-
tory and Acting, Hoover Hall. 1327- Market st.
COMPETENT girl, general housework: steady
place- wages S15 to $18. 3221 Brlggs ave.. Ala-
meda, near Hlgh-st. station, narrow gauge.
EXPERIENCED driving gloves makers; steady.
CARLSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
sleep home. Call 1207% Scott . st. _ .
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking at 1323 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY. 1 Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open To-Day, 7 a. m.
500 Railroad Men Wanted.
Ship To-Day. Monday.
S. P. R. K Santa Fe Cal. N. W. Ry.
FREE FARE .....
' 75 teamsters Ukiah Free fare
50, laborers Ukiah Free fare
30 men for ballast and right of way and ax-
Uklah. ship to-day Wages $2, $2 23
S. P. R. R.— Free fare.
Santa Fe R. R.— Fare free.
250 men ¦ for the above companies for all
sections of California and Nevada, free fare.
SHIP TO-DAY, MONDAY.
MINES....... LABORERS .......QUARRIES
6 single hand miners, south $75
10 laborers for a new mine.. $45 to $48 and fd
10 laborers, quartz mine..... $60 and found
8 muckers, good mine $60 and found
5 laborers, no experience required for surface
'work around mine ...$i2 and found
10 quarrymen. $60; 8 drillers. $67 50: 57 laborers,
no experience required, $1 76 to $4 day
WORK IN REDUCED FARE3
Shasta, Trinity, Amador, Slskiyou Countlen
50 laborers, Co. work $67 60
10 teamsters, scraper and wagons $2 25 day
15 laborers for an electric power company,
$50 and found; 10 tunnelmen, ?S0; 5 drillers.
$75; 25 laborers, $67 50...
MECHANICAL HELP
Tool sharpener, mine; ranch carpenter, $40
and found; rough carpenter, country: bridge
carpenter, $3 day; 10 blacksmiths, ranches,
camps and shops. $40. $45 and found, $2 50 to
$3 50 day; blacksmith's helper, no shoeing,
$52; blacksmith's helper, country shop. $2 50
.day; spooltender; man to run capping ma-
chine; 2 carpenters, country; 2 firemen!.:
FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC
. 2 milkers, north, $35 and found; butter-maker.
Sonoma County. $30: 10 milkers and dairymen
for other dairies, $30 and $35; 5 pruners, 10
fruit pickers, 12 orchard : hands. 43 ranch
hands for steady Jobs, $23 to $35 and found;
5 teamsters for ranch, small teams. $30 and
found; 10 hay balers; 10 men. threshing ma-
chine, $40 and found; 23 choremen and boys,
ranches and private, $15 to $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
Man to work in garden, institution. $25 and
found; young man to drive, bakery wagon,
Fpeak German, see boss here, $30 and found-
milk wagon driver, country. $30 and found:
50 teamsters, city and country; 2 men and
wifes for ranch, $50 and $60 and found
BAKERS, COOKS
HOTEL HELP, ETC
- 15 cooks, city and country, hotels and res-
taurants, $35 to $60; steward for club, south.
$40 and found; 10 waiters, city and country,
$25 to $33 and found; pantryman, country ho-
tel, $35 and found; 12 kitchen hands, dish-
washers, etc.; second baker, country. $35:
third baker. $30 and found; baker, $60 and
found: young man to work around institu-
tion, $15; 3 porters; 2 bellboys and hundreds
of others
Office Open 7. a. m. To-Day
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ....104 Geary st.
Railroad Work
Railroad Work
Wanted, 500 men for new railroad work,
teamsters, laborers, section hands, tunnelmen
and blacksmiths 4
Ukiah
Nevada
Ttuekee
Chatsworth Park
Wages $2 to $3 a day
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare
2 engineers for steam plow3, $2 50 a day and
board
•. 2 firemen, country. $75 and found; black-
smith for railroad camp. $2 75 a day; 4 black-
smiths for country shops, $2 50@3 a day; 5
farmers, Monterey County, $123 a day; gang
odgerman. sawmill, $50; 6 lumber pliers. $35:
20 laborers for sawmills and woods. $26 to $30
and fare advanced; 20 laborers for gold and
copper mines, $60 a month; 10 muckers, same
place, $75 a month; 100 laborers and teamsters
for Great Northern Railway. $2 a day, board
$4 50 a week; man and wife for dairy, $60;
liveryman, country. $30; valet nurse for gen-
tleman, $35
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Colored head and second cook $39 and $30
Head and. second cook, country $70 and $50
Cook. $50 ;' baker. $40^ dishwasher. $25. Insti-
tution, country: porter and tend bar, $10 a
week; candymaker, country, $7 a week; 6 sec-
ond cooks, fryers and broilers, $60; 3 waiters,
country hotel, $23; 2 porters, $25: cook. $40;
dishwasher. $25. same country hotel; upstairs
porter, hotel. $25; dishwashers and potwash-
crs, $25 to $30
4 colored waiters, hotel, north....
C. R. HANSEN & CO 101 Geary st.
SECOND cook, country hotel. $35: boarding-
house cook. $40; cook, small hotel. $30; res-
taurant cook, $40; fourth hand baker, $3 week
and found; waiters, elevator boys and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
GARDENER, $30 and found: German and -wife
for private family. $15: farmer and wife. $40;
farmers, $25 and $30; choreman, private place,
$20; stableman for lumber company, $50;
cheesemaker: milkers, $30: 2 car inspectors.
$2 50 day; driver for milk wagon. $50; man
to pack apples and make cider, $30: laundry-
man and wife, $30; sheepherder. $25 to $30;
miners; laborers for mill and woods. $52 to
JflO; lumber sorters, pond man and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT HARBRIDOE A CO.'S 323 Kearny st.
10 graders and laborers :....$! 75-J2 50
50 tunnel and single-hand men $3
50 ditch and surface men $2 50
100 laborers, pick and shovel $2 25
25 fruit pickers $1 50 and found
A MAN and wife for private place, {45, see
party here.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary St.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
— I colored waiters, steady place. $30.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, vegetable men, pot
and dish washers: permanent positions; good
pay: no fee. 127 Mason st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets tonight, 8:30. 32 O'Farrell. I. Less. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free ifcmployment. 927 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— First-class bookkeeper (male or fe-
male) by large mercantile house. Address
box 479S, Call office, giving references.
WANTED — Union barber: young man pre-
ferred; steady Job. Thirtieth st. and San
Jcs3 ave.
BOY wanted, 17 years old. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
PAINTER, $3 a day. McAllister St., cor of
Broderick.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Grand Hotel barber
shop. .
BARBER wanted; $17 per week. 6 Market st.
BARBER— Every afternoon, Saturday and Sun-
day; wages $9. 1322 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS barber at 947 Filimore St., cor.
McAllister; union barber. .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25-2
to ECc. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wanted;' Ger-
man preferred. Address 601 Larkin st.
WANTED— Bootblack in barber shop; steady
boy or old man preferred. 143 Larkin St.
WANTED — A collector and solicitor on salary,
8-9 a. m. 5-6 p. m., T. J. KEEFE, 993 Post.
WANTED — Young man, experienced preferred,
- to work in grocery store.
WANTED— Boy in tlnshop, learn trade; 16
years; apply 7 to 10. ; 533 Mission st. . •
WANTED— Night cashier. 29 Stockton st.
i WANTED— 2 boys at the Crescent Feather Co.,'
| 152 -New Montgomery st.
WANTED — A man that can cook a lunch in a
saloon. 624 Seventh st.
BARBER, shop for sale. 3142, Twenty-fourth
-¦street; ¦ s ¦ .
BARBERS' CERTIFICATES— Adeline Cope-
land. Notary Public, will issue affidavits and
obtain certificates for barbers at ¦ room 28,
[ Crocker building, from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
i dally during the absence of the State Board
1 of Barber Examiners.
THE Risdon Iron Works. San Francisco, will
i take as apprentices at the trades of machin-
ist, patternmaker and boilermaker, a limited
i number of young men between the ages of 17
i and 18 years; strong and able-bodied; good
! ' references. ¦; Apply at office, Beale and How-
i ... ard st». ¦ " J ¦ ' ; - . .
| BY established manufacturing house, resident
i : manager for general sales agency; salary $1500
I yearly, extra commissions ; office duties ex-
! clusively; must furnish $2000 cash; satlsfac-
i tory references. District Manager, 722 Union
! Trust bldg.. Cincinnati. O.
CIVIL ¦ service Government positions— About
, 9500 appointments- made last year; probably
10,000 this year; only a common school educa-
, tlon required; catalogue free. Columbian Cor-
respondence College, i Washington.' D. C.
SHORT knife cutters wanted. Call bet. 2 and
4 p. m.. Mission and Annie sts., new build-'
Ing, between Second and Third, third floor.
TAILORS wanted on misses' and children's
coats. Mission ; and Annie sts.. • new bulld-
lng. between Second and Third, 'third floor.
WANTED— Experienced bottle beer ¦ packer at
I 1407 Eddy Bt.
MISCELLAXTSOtTS- — FOR Sf i_E— Con.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand^ machinT
ery. J. BURKE. 12$ Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect crder. 216 California st.
Garoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2.1-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post 8 t.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTs!
TILTOX wants gcod secondhand clothing" and
theatrical goods. 1.'4. 9th st.: tel. Folsom 2322.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AA-MANIiATTAN^To^lTcoSTpANT *"'
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland; town and country property, *econ.i
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loan*
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. M\N-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages....!."."!^
Undivided interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay.. .
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
21 Montgomery st., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner buildinsr-
$0,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums: loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.: financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bid/
ANY proposition, any amount: 8 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates. legacies, chattel mortgages- secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mtnln*
interests: corporation loans. R. 18. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN 1 !
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, Jewelry
pianos _ sealskins, at lowest rate of interest'
.9 Grant ave.. near Market; tel. Black 5471. "
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
»t.: teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos ¦without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 28 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no- removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room «8.
MOST reliable place to borrow- on diamond-,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage*
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each.
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
OX salaries or wages: no Indorser required. 3.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$ino.OCO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrctt building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. W» Examiner building.
MO.VEY WANTED.
LOAN wanted — $1000 wanted. For further ln-
formation address box 4619. CaH office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW Excellent Bargains In Used~Planos!
A Raven & Bacon, square J25
A Mozart, square _ 50
. A Symphony, square 73
An Emerson, square 100
A Weber, square... 123
•A Richmond, upright, oak 17.1
A Radle. mahogany _oo
A Spielmann 22.1
A Hamilton 250
A Oabler 300
A Byron Mauzy 353
A Sohmer izn
A Steinway Concert Grand tot)
A Sohmer Concert Grand 500
BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-310-312 Post St.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY .<fc
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $0 per
month; some gcod pianos sold f<Mr-*3. it and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
1 Thirteenth st., Oakland. .
....THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO
933 Market St., S. F.; 931 Broadway, Oakland.
A magnificent stock of pianos and organs.
Elg discount this week.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davls; great bar-
gain list, $50 up; Steinway, $1S5 up: Fischer.
$100; Chickerlng. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim»
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 CFarrell
»t.: established 1S30.
A LIST of fine second-hand pianos — 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Conover. 1 -Curtaz, 1
Sterling. $75. $125. S145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell st.
Chickering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
AN upright for $73. $100. $150. $200 If yoa want!
Deckers fcr $450, $550, with 20 per cent
discount if you buy this month. What more
do you want? Cash or payments. The Zeno
Mauvais Music Co.. 769 Market st.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st, near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' 5
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church eta.
A NEAT, small Fischer upright piano for sala
cheap. Box 4S42, Call office.
LEFT on sale, $95 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano., Room 38. 217 Geary st
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 20S Post »t
GOING East account of death; must sacriflca
large 3-pedal upright piano. 316 Turk st
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
STEINWAY. $200: Hartman. $100; elegant new
rlanos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
G 29E *econd-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St. '
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORXtTNG'S. 218 McAllister.
A . F , T . NE "P^Sfct Piano for sale cheap. 837 Me^
A Ulster st.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good crder: all
slze 3 ; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 51 « MU«lon 'st
PERSOX ALS.
A— IF your hair is falling br"you are'bald.cali
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell ft. and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy i*
positively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
THE Juvenile class at Hinman's School of
Dancing. 1412 Polk st, bet. Pine and Califor-
nia, will open for the season Saturday after-
noon. August 17; the adult classes are al-
ready open.
$17 50— SOLID cak bedroom set: plate mirror.
$1— Solid cak chair: factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tet. Folsom 132S.
Searey'3 Credit House. 1423 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms:
2ac to $1 50 per night: $150 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suttsi $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON»LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near P>roadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years experience. J. B. Ray. 836 Mission st.
LADY hair dresser, a small room .all fur-
nlshed; cheap rent. 252 Ellla at
WANTED— The address of CARL WEBF.R
tailor. Write N. Davla. tailor. Truckee. Cal.
FACE massage: a new and scientific treatment
done at 121 Mason st.. A. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint the best
corn cure; 25c: all drugglats.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
- hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed witfi
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
T 't I . L £ R n M^? E ?> Ult9 - * 7 50: «res 9 pants. |2 »-
Misfit Clothing Parlcr. cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
-bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wics:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Hkt-
________¦____*[< »V.» •— ¦
I.ODCIXG-HOCSES FOR SALE.'
6S-ROOM modern house
...,...• North of Market st
Electric Elevator
Former price $r.000: reduced to $>700
Offer wanted. Must be sold
..To-day. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market..
H. C. DECKER .".
1020 Market tt.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 736.
2fi Years in Business in This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange:
1C0 rooming-houses. 10 to SCO rms. $r>0 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses. 6 to 600 rms. $100 to. 20,000
40 flats. 3 to 12 rooms. $S0 to.... <»0
50 private homes 6 to 25 rooms. WO to.. 2,000
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms. $350 to 10.000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. S1C00 to S.0M
40 grocery stores. J4M) to 6.000
TO candy stores. ?000 to e.OOfl I
40 saloons. $400 to 6.000
10 cigar stores. $300 to 1.000
600 other businesses, all kinds. $100 to.. 20.000
300 vacant lots. $23 to - 8.000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 50,000
5 chicken ranches, $400 to. 1.700
tO ranches, everywhere. J300 to 14.000
..To Buv Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
1 can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
AT CAMERON & CO.,
ffiO Market st. and 8 Stockton Et.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Hush 228.
If vou have hotel, roomlns-house br business
to sell list with us. We have cash -customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
CC r.; rent JSOfi; elegantly fur. hot^l $7000 I
SO r. ; cor. ; best st. in Oakland ; oak fur. . . 2800
TO r.; rent $60: good fur., carp, and loc 930
Money loaned en deferred payments, V& p. c.
i 14 r.; rent $10; oak fur.: boarders 1000
11 r. ; rent H1 1 A: hardwood fur.; reduced.. 550
3 r. ; rent $35; nice, clean; house full.. 300
6 r.: rent $25: water free; cost J300 225
Over 500 houses listed. Call Defore buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, 739 Market St., rooms 1-2.
NEAR THE CALL BUILDING*
These are samples. Call at office for list.
9 rooms on Post Bt.; rent $40: income $80;
piano; fine carpets and furniture $600
50 rooms: corner on Geary St.: low rent.... 2500
IS rooms; south of Market; rent $35 450
7 rooms; rent $30; central; quiet 300
14 rms.; principal St. ;.i'ree water; rent $50 650
ATTENTION Lodging-house. Keepers— 22 all
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; suit-
able Improvement for permanent tenant;
house being thoroughly painted and papered_
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgom-
ery Bt.. room 3.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house la
the city and pay for it
/ In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency.
Everything thoroughly investigated; a trial
given. v
McBRIDE & CO 1016 Market st.
AVE have ligitimate . bargains In lodglrtg-
houses. saloons, candy and notion stores; also
several restaurants and cigar propositions
which we can vouch fcr. Call and get our
prices. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can ba found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phene Mint 191L
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st).
LODGING-HOUSE with 16 sunny rooms on one
floor. 36 Stockton and 37 O'Farrell St.; call
for particulars^
BARGAIN— 6-room bath; 3 rooms pay expenses.
Call bet. 1 and 4 p. m.. 226 Taylor st.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Fri.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recogniza them; i
give names; received medals from many coun- |
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 Bush St.: tel. 2275 Larkin. I
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty; clr. Sun., Wed.
and Frl. evenings. 1C35 Market st. (no slgn)-
CHAS. BROCK WAY, 23c seance Sun.. Tues.
and Thuis.. Sp. m.; every on* ge:s a test; Pri-
vatc readings dally. 2»9 Hyde St.. cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trancs. bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 OTarrell st.: Ellis car.
JOHN SLATER — Circles. Sic; Sun.. Mon.. Fri.
eves.. S:15: Wed. aft.. 2:45: sit. in «o 4 except
f=2t. and Pun. 1SC9 Ftocktor. rear Greenwich.
JOHN SLATER'S circle; 25c; to-nlffht. 8:15
sharp. 1SC9 Stockton St.. near Greenwich.
EDWARD EARLE, E28 Ellis— Readings daily:
Feance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
ist and card reading: 50c. 1007H Market et.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 323 McAllister— Mrs. C. *.
Meyer: ?=lttintn< dailv: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMjif mT^bernard! ~ '
THE FAMOUS i
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently-
located at 17 Third Bt.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de- !
scription of the past, reveals the present hap- i
penlngs and portrays events to occur in the fu- |
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not ratified In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
23c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar- |
ket St.. corner Golden Gtae ave.. rooms 25 and |
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; Eend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. ~ ~~~~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast: •
he succeeds when others fall: permanently
located at 123 Turk St.: reading by mail.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures: gives luck: honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated;
net one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
1JME. PORTER, v.-onderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second slpht:
dlasnores disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
ger.ts JI; palm, and clalr. sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate — Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist, reader of human destiny: never falls;
25c, 50c. 1203 Mission st: phone Howard 2675.
1SMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
f.th: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to a p. m.
MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 777% Market St.. room Is.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladles 23c
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th: open Sundays.
CLAIRVOTANT card-reader from Louisiana;
only lCc. 2C2 Minna St., near 4th.
CARP reading, 2Gc up; 120 Sixth st. MME.
MARSEAU.
aiin. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission,
Mrs.Mallory. clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fall consult me: L. 23c. G. .">0c. 917 Howard.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448V4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 2Sc up. S Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-heat-
• ire Works. 353-3Z7 Tehama et.: l«I. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM f* CO.. Prop.
BEATING. 3c: laying. 3c: renovating. Be wr-:
wrrk Enmranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonub 1 ". 1703 Harrison: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
S2J Golden Gate ave.: telephone Kant 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-be* ting Works. O. H.
FTEVEN3. Msrr.. 28-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Cerpet-beatlng and Renol
vntlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS "leaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TOV. 3 Flg-Mb >t.: telephone .Tef«1» 914.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts: pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF. Strassburger fromN.Y.. special 1st on feet:
T.P.S.S.N. Y. : Chronicle big., rm. 7fi.'
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lesw successful. Room 310. S27 Market ft.
A-DrT T~.~ P. HIGgYns ~927~"MaTker~streeC
Emma Spreckcls building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
K-uaranteed. *5 up; s good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate: painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
!3 JO up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. re. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates bridges
and fillings; extractions or (Tilings ,by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 yearn'
experience: no students; -advice free; prlce3
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. , ¦ -
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings
Me: plates. J5: full tet; all work painless and
wananted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
HELP-WAKTED—MAIiE— Con.
1C00 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weav*rville, Trinity Co.. CaL : apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st., room 23, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. .
MEN to learn barber trade; positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and diplomas . given free; complete outnt of
tools donated; wages while learning; mere
calls for our graduates than can be supplied;
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE,
635 Clay st.
WANTED— Recriuts for the marine corps, U.
S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and K; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch ; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; SI to 52 per week.
GOOD man wanted to solicit stationery in of-
fices. Applv before 9 a, m. or after 4 p. m.
at MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay St.
EXPERIENCED cigar man for city trade on
commission: must give bond; good proposl-
tlon. Box 4689. Call office. .
WANTED— 200 henorably discharged U. S. sol-
diers. Apply Monday at room 10, 323 Mont-
gomery, after 9 a. m. ; bring discharge papers.
GERMAN boy wanted at S16 Treat ave. to
drive milk wagon.
WANTED— Experienced barkeeper with good
references, 160 per month. 693 Fourth st.
J0O MEN to buy suits made to order. *1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellis st.
WANTED— 100 first-class house painters, $3.
8 hours' work. Apply room 584, Parrott
building. 8 to 2 daily.
WANTED— An all-round blacksmith to rent a
blacksmith shop with tools; plenty of work.
Address P. O. box 185. Truckee. Cal. * ':
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BTJLLI3.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
ALL-AROUND bookbinder. PERNAU BROS..
543 Clay st.
BASTERS on coats: steady work. BELASCO
& HARRIS. 511 Market St. _T
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. l3t and 2d st".
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts ot
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to do Jar.itor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED — M0 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 'up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry
HORSES AXD WACOyS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.: he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard St.
ALL kinds of wagons, juggles, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission Bt.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
ramping wacron for sale. ch«nn. SS2 Mission.
HORSES : WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 25 Montgom-
ery st.. room 25.
v. HOSPITAL S.
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarlum. 220 Douglass St.. Pan Franciaco.
'HOUSES TO LET.
A^?m??rTED~fisTTjou^e7"t^^
cular. G. # H. UMBSEN k CO.. 11 Montgomery.
A HOUSE of 5 rooms and large yard. 2307
Polk et.
. HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED by a respectable person, to buy a
rooming-house of 10 rooms on the Install-
ment plan, to pay monthly payments out of
the nroflts of house. Add. box 4588. Call.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — At Oakland mole, 6 p. m. boat, beaver
boa. Return to 515 Pacific st. and receive
?5 reward.
LOST— Saturday, lady's black stitched belt; old
style buckle. Reward at 203 Valencia st.
IF r-arty that took enameled gold watch from
1063 Mission st. will return same ?50 reward;
no questions asked. Address box 4673, Call.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JANE J. MEYSRSTEIN; No. 34-402.
The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia 1 Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold to make new watch cases.
_ _^.________
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. lSsTTreliable & con^
fldentlal: H?t> 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 EIHa st.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOW'S.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st.;
tel. Bu?h 421. .
>: _; MEDICAL.
RETURNED 1
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will be pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 122S "Market st.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market St.. corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
A — Dr. G. W. O'Donnell. renowned specialist:
I treat ladles only; oil classes of female com-
plaints relieved: quickest results. 1018 Market.
MP.S. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable Ia^
dies' specialist: a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
HINDOKERB AND MRS. DR DAVIES'
original method of treatment; maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F.
• MRS. KOHL removed from Market to 410
O'Farrell st.. between Taylor and Jones.
THE WYETH Maternity Home removed from
Post to 410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor.
Mrs. L. Brooks. M. D. — Obstetrics; diseases of
women. Mission and 16th.: tel.. Blue 1320.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOH SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outflt3 on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones $5 *o
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes. 5. 10. 20 stamp mills-
SO mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo^
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
- and water power. J. B. Jardine, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, nullevs
etc. WHITELAW. 253-iS5 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material lum-
ber, lath, brick and flmwood; lowest prices
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market- st!
ONE set Fairbanks-Morse platform scales- ca.
pacity 80,000 pounds. Inquire at office Ri«don
Iron Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
A-J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75 Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kcarny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, > $2 73. MISFTT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
MOVING picture attachments for magic Ian
terns. $13 50. 109 Montgomery st.
NEWx, ?70 White, drop head, oak sewing mal
chine cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
FOR sale— Fresh Jersey cow; milks 5 gallon -
4150 Seventeenth st. ;-;-«.' gallons.
DIAMONDS,. watches. Jewelry; cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
hand. J. E. DOAK, oil Mission st. fc ¦ ¦- • ••
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
bollem bought and sold. KROGH MFC CO.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes thp
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fra^!
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins. Port
land Loan Office, 25 -. Stockton ," °
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought sold
rented, exchanged., H. S. White, 516 Mission.
SAN FItAXCISCO «;ALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CaH. corner or Market and Third streets; open
-ntil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
crrw Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
1300 Hayes Ftreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C59 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
EIS Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
IV41 V!t*Scn street: cnen until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, coiner Sixteenth: open
until J ji. m. v
If* Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
J"!t6 Valencia Mreet: open until S p. m.
NorthweFt oorner Twenty-second and Ken-
ti"-kv mowt open -jntil 0 n. m.
1200 Filimore rtreet; erven, until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTIX'ES. j
S.*N FRANCISCO Chapter No. I. Royal £^_
Arch MaFons. meet THIS EVENING. s[_K
Degree 4.
OCCIDENTAL Lo<J:re No. 22. F. ar.d A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at_**_
7:30 o'clock. Tnird degree. Master T JS
Masons cordially invited. By order of ' Nr
the W. M. '
¦JX<- WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary^ j
FIDELITY Lcdre I'o. 1?i\ F. and A. r !
M.-Bpecfal meeting THIS (MONDAY) ,f\* •
EVENING r.t 7:20 o'clock. Third de- *^yv. j
cree. Master Masons oordlally Invited.
By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodee~No. 127TF.and A. 7T~
M.— Called meeting- THIS DAY (Mon- _$V
day). Auruft 12. 1S01. at 7:30 o'clock tC_K
p. m. Deg. 2. By order of the W. M. '
[ L__SCHUMACHER, Secretary-
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge NcT 260. F. •
and A. M.. :ST> FlHmore St.— First de- __?*_
gree THIS EVENING at 7:30. XJX !
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. f*r y j
OFFICERS and members cf Oriental gk mm \
Encampment No. 57, I. O. O. F. — You jf |
are requested to meet In Encamp- _/^k ;
ment Hall TUESDAY. August 13. at ' i
' 2 p. m. to attend the funeral of our late
patriarch, JAMES McMAHON. j
C. H. KORNBECK. C. P. |
THt St. Andrew'* Society will cele- v St
brate thp 130th anniversary of the 3^ (tv.'J
. birth of SIR WALTER SCOTT by "&3__jf
r literarj' entertainment and social
dance on FRIDAV FVENING. Autruft 16, at
Scottish Ha!!, 1G7 Larkin ¦ st. Tickets 25c j
each. ;
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. Vice President. !
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary. j
TUr. California Debris Commission, having re- I
reived applications to mine by the hydrauli-: i
rroceFF from O. F. Sloan et als.. in the Old t
Ftiff Gravel Mine, near Valliclta. Calaveras |
«V,ur.ty. to denosit tailine-s in Wade's Gulch: |
from W. C. FlnfT and Manuel Leal, in the !
f^uth H>ncet Mine, in Tuba County, near j
Panpor, to deposit tailings in South Honcut I
Cre*k; from Henry Hanley and Marcus Star-
rmrk. In the I-art Chance Gravel and Seams
Mine, near Canyon. El Dorado County, to
fleyioslt ta ! !'rFs In B'g Canyon, and from Ar-
thur R. Pride »nd Robert Bobb. In the Wil- |
low Placer Mine, near Bassett's, Sierra j
County, to deposit tailimrs In Deer Creek, i
Fives not!'*" that a meeting will be held at j
riem 59 Flood building San Francisco. Cal.. ;
on Aueurt 13. 1SC1. at 1:30 p. m. j
THE r.nnur.l meeting of the stockholders of th« :
Pp eific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mi«- I
sicm St.. San Francisco. Cal.. on FRIDAY, j
.Ausrurt 23. J9IU. at S o'clock p. m.. for the j
election of directors for the ensuing term, j
and also to consider an amendment to the by- i
lews reducing the number of directors from 9 i
to 7. and the transaction of such other busi- |
r.fFS as may come before the meeting. Trans- i
f«r books will close Tuesday. August 20, at 4 j
oVlock p. m. By orfipr of the b^ard of di- j
rectors. M. C. GORHAM. Secretary. I
ADOPTIO.V. j
HEALTHY Infant for adoption. MRS. DR.
ri'NKE. !<:<; Eighth frt.. Alameda. ¦
ASPHALTOSQ ROOFIXC, j
J. TKLTIER. asphalt roofinc. side-n-alks re- i
raired: fiostnl. 11% Mi«*ion: tel. Fo!»om 1C07. j
ATTORXEYS AT LAW. !
ADVICE free:divorees private ;bankruptcy; col- !
lections attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; j
partnerships :deeds: wills drawn;fees low;open
*ve'g. THURSTON. ICOS^ Mkt.. r. 4. op. oth.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; |
no fee without euccess; collections. G. W. >
HOWE, atty at law. ia(l Market. cor.Stockton. ;
ADVICE fi-ee : no charge unless euccessful. W. !
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason. :
L. S. CLARK. Kmma Spreckels bidg.. 927 Mar-
Vp* rt.: <-oni»tiltntioTi v «ree: no fees In advance.
nOOK&I-XEW AXD OLD. j
BOOKS of «»very kind bought. TeL Red 2856.
HOLMFS POOR CO.. 704-7ff)-708 Mission Et.
BOARDIXC FOR CIHLDREX. i
S OR 3 children to board; jrood home & moth-
fr'f care: fin up: Funrv yard. 1607 California.
IIL'SIXBSS CHAXCES. i
_— J4'«; BKANCH bakery and~corfee saloon i
with 5 living rooms; rent $15; choicest loca- !
ticn; must be sold at once on account of i
sickness or owner. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 i
Kcarny st. '
130CO — SALOON, restaurant and lodging In one '
of the most prospering towns in California; •
least; cheap rent; all in first-class order: ,'
clearing J3C« per month. R. G. WILKE. 26U
Kearny Bt. , (
A— $:2S0: BAKERY and coffee saloon; very best '
location, about 2 blocks from Phelan build- i
ing; a 'splendid paving place; disagreement i
ot partners cause of sale. Call R. G i
WILKK, ZB'j Kearny st.
A— ?i5fcO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one i
block south of Market st. ; dally receipts from ",
SO up; clearing about J400 per month: a rare !
chance. Ca!i R. G. WILKE. 2GH Kearny st. (
A— $1500: FIRST-CLASS In prices and first-class j
paying n-stavrant close to Chronicle build- '
ing; come, investigate and vou will find a j
splendid investment. Call R. G. WILKE. j
26'. Keg ray st. I
A GOLDEN cr>!x>rtun1ty— Peculiar circum- I
nances caus? the sacrifice: I15C0 will secure I
the furniture, bar fixturc-s, etc., complete in I
40-room firet-class hotel: sleo fine bus. 6 j
hor»?s. severa} buggies, harness, etc: belnp '
a livery connected with and the only hotel I
in one of the best towns In California; re- !
cently sold and worth J4000; sure or' making !
$200 a month profit; it's a genuine "snap.' 1 !
ar.d wil! not ls«t 3 days. N. D. SICKELS, !
the land agent. ¦( Geary st. j
FINE opening for an active man with good !
business qu?Iif:cat!ons; single man preferred; '
good future for good man; capital needed faOO. !
Partner in paint &. paper busi.: price $1750. !
Partner in good hotel; price {1500 "
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, j
917^ Market Et., opp. ilason, rooms 1-2. j
A CHANCE of a lifetime: *nc confectionery
and ice-cream ftcre. •w.th cigars: daily cash
bueiness. f20; pop. 3C.M0; can be fully investi-
gated ; owner point; Ea*t: told reasonably if
st once. MAKION GRIFFIN. 7l« Market Bt.
DELICACY store, clearing J150 month; well
located: must be sold: owner going East; !
make offer. Cal. Business Astn., S65V4 Market. 1
MILK route business, together with S! cows,
5 horses, wagons; clears WOO a month; $7200.
DONNELLY CO.. «2 Market St.
J130— PARTNER wanted; Indoor business;
steady ri?n. McLaughlin fc Co., 777^4 Market.
fT>0— SMALL chop house, complete having a
Jood trade; rent $10; a real bargain; must
fe!l th:r week on account of other business;
good pla.-e for man and wife. 308% Howard.
PARTNER wanted for ladies and gentlemen's
tailoring establishment in a prosperous town-
with small capital. Apply DETMAK
WOOLEN CO.
» SALOON— A business corner for sale on Fifth
rt. Box 124, Call office.
WANTED-A lady partner; small capital. Ap-
ply C!4 Seventh st.
WANTED— An honest end sober partner with
S3 r '00 In sn optical business; must either be I
sn optician or be able to attend to corre-
srondlrg. etc.: cash receipts, about tisno to I
I2rtO0 rcr month. Address OEOROK MAY- I
ERLE. German Expert Optician. l071»t Mar-
ket et., Fan Francisco. " !
FOIt sale— At Invoice price, the merchandiss !
rtore cf CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa, with 1
Its two branches, one at Sebantopol and one
at Healdsburg, as a whole or each ptore sep-
urate: diragreement amons partners the cause
of fiellirp. For particulars address CNOPIUS
6 CO.. fanta Rosa.
tSTr— FOR sale: complete outfit of restaurant
consisting of steel ranee, patent bake " oven, '
tablec. dishes, ice chest, chair*, etc. Ta bar-.. I
gain. Call at NEWTON & HARTER, 759 Mkt. I
$250 BUYS one-half interest In cleaning "and I
dyeing business; pienty of business, and need j
r'rtner at crec. Call or write to Crystal I
Cleaning Works. 312 Fourth. Santa Rosa. Cal.
J300— PARTNER wanted; light business: must
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with SIS
to £25 a week; no experience required; trial
given before buying. 2S Geary st., room 1.
J1650 — OLD established corner grocery and bar.
good location; fine stock: security or real
estate taken; corner Gough and Grove st.s.
$2^)— BARKER shop, 3 chairs., In thriving coun-
try town. BC9% Capp rt.
BEST proposition In city: J250 profits monthly;
small car-Hal. 10C8'/_ Market St., room 4.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; c bargain.
P21 Howard et.; no agents.
FOR sals— fhro shop: -established 17 years;
cheap. 1303 Post et.
BRANCH be.kery for sale cheap; sickness the
cause. Address box 4Clfi. Call office.
CVS & locksmith business _ buildings for sale.
Address £. 1". Call Agent, Santa Cruz, CaL(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 11—5 p. m.
. The following maximum temperatures were
reported from station? in California to-day:
Eureka, 56; Mount Tamalpais, 93; Independ
ence, 98; Red Bluff. 108; Fresno, 10S; Lcs Ange
les, -76; Sacramento, 104; San Luis Obispo, 78;
Sau Itlego, 58. , . • - \" . - •
. Sin Francisco daia: Maximum temperature,
63; rr.tninum. 50; mean, 59. • • ¦ ,
Weather;. Report.
THE COAST RECORD.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
STATIONS. |3|3- 3= Vo I
• . • . ; > ' t •.' ¦ • • .a
Riverside 99 55 TV. Clear .00
San Jose .7 99 60 N Clear, .00
Napa ..94 50 S Clear' .00
. San Jose-rllot; grapes ripening. ¦ ;
Napa— Warm weather is ripening fruit' more
rapidly. . , .,. ... ¦ ¦ A. . G. McADIE, .
• . " ' " v • ':¦.:,¦ ¦'¦:¦' Section Director.
Builders' Contracts.
Patrick McKeon (owner)" with G. C. Nail
(contractor)." architect M. J. Welch— All altera-
Estate- David j L. Farnsworth (by Fannie P.
Farnsworth, executrix) to Grant and Helen V.
Wallace, - lot on NW corner of ' Belmont and
Woodland avenues, N 25, W 150:5, SE ; 126:3, j E
198:9, block Q, Sunset Heights; $900.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, same, quit
claim deed;. $1.",: .' .. . - -
David R. McCallum to Enno Nesemann,' lot
on SE corner of- Marlposa and Texas streets.
E 25 by S 100; $10. , ¦ ,.- ¦
Solomon and Dora Getz to Julia L. Moon,
lot on W line of Eighth avenue, 200 S of H
street, S 25 by ¦ W 120;. $10. : •
Isaac Citron' to Roy A;. Daniels, lots 573 and
575 Gift MaD 3; $10. .
MaryC Bosworth to same, same, quitclaim
deed; ?10. '<¦
Annie Gtropel to Maurice C. Gimpel, lots 18
and 19, block 11, subdivision 2, Clarendon
Heights; $10. • , ; * ™ „ " - '
Same to same, lot > on W line of Bellevue
street ¦ ¦ 70 S of Twenty-fourth, - S - 63 :4 -' by - W
125 block 14, Noe Garden Homestead ; $10. -
Mary.'J. Smith (Whelen) to Samuel Boyd, lot
on S line of Rlpley place, M25:9 W of Columbia
place,. W 45 by 8 75, Preclta Valley lots 23
and 30: $500. -. ; - .....
John and Christina Johanson to Fred'." A.
Steinman, lot on SE line of ; Athens street,
66:8 NE of Brazil. ¦ NE . 33:4 by SE . 100, block
72 -Excelsior Homestead; $5. . ¦ ¦ ¦ -. > - :
Charles L. and Lily F. Tllden to W. J.
Somers, lot on SE ¦ line of Mission -street. 223
NE of Fifth, NE 120 by SE 160; $10.
Domenlco and Narclso Davalle to Claus "W.
Moeller, lot on S line of Henry street, 230 E
of Noe. E 25 by S 115; $10.
Annie Gimnel to Maurice C. Gimpel. lot on
E line of Noe street, 231:6 N of Seventeenth,
N CO by E 100: HO. ...
Mary E. Driscoll to John J. and Annie M.
Young, undivided half interest in lot on E
line of Shotwell street, < 155 S of Twenty-fifth,
S 40 by. E 115: ?41C0. ;.
J. A. Morgan to William H. Morgan, lot on
E line of Mission street, .235 S of Twenty-fifth',
S 25 by E 115; tl.
Edward W. and Mary C. Crof, ton to Martin
and Katie Concannon,- lot on SW corner of
Elizabeth and Diamond streets, S 64 by W
100; *10. "-' -: • : • '
James Cosgrove to Mary Cosgrove, lot on NW
corner of McAllister and Leavenworth streets,
N 87!6 by W 37:6: also lot on W line. of Leaven
worth street, 87:6 N of McAllister, N 25 by W
87:6; gift. • • .. .
Estate Calvin F.- Fargo (by J. M. Quay ! and
George . Davidson, executors) to George de
Urioste, lot on SW line of Third street, 225 NW
of Harrison, NW 25 by SW 80; $9010.,
Patrick and Margaret F. Duffy to John P.
Duffy, re-record 1916 D. 437, . lot on W line of
Olive court. 125 S of Union street, S 25 by W
75; 1 1. . •-•• . . . • . - •
Ophelia and Moses A. Gunst to Alexander
W Wilson,- lot on N.line of Washington street,
47:6 W of Locust, W 50 by N 127:8%; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E w Wlckey, Chicago
HA Jastro. Bkrsfield
W T Carr. Redding
W D Tillotson. Redng
Miss K E Burns, la
Miss A O'Foole, Iowa
H F, Schillinsj&w, Cal
J F Waterhouse. Cal
F K Merrltt. Eureka
F Wilson. Eureka
W Palmer, Chicago
Clarrington, Sacto ..
R Arnold & w, N Y
Mrs E Waydell, N Y
C E Swezy, Marysvllle
M P Morgans, Los A
Mrs Morgans, Los A
B L Moore. . San 'Jose
L A Harernan, Jacksn
C S Mahony, Sacto
Miss Seklier. Sacto
H L Sole&w.. St Paul
A W Monfort&w, Chg
j Dr L . Cross, Stockton
L A Spltzer, San Jose
J Mathe.-iti, Sacrmento
T Cunningham, i Cal
O Butler, Lcs Gatos
E L Van Cleeck. Cal
J D Rl.ld'.e. Hanford
E C Heffley, Pittsbrg
E Ludlow. Los Ang
T J Mayer & w. Or
Miss E Wolf. Portland
T. Raden.Ukiah
E Carney, Ukla 1 !.
F Grace. Santa Rosa
F Stoddard. Sonora
A Morrl. Woodland
Mrs Doremus. Cal
G Kyte, Los Angeles
J Itoneau, Denver
E Richardson. Selma
J Munds, Prescott
J Franklln&w. NY
J Melchan&w, Kansas
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr H Lummonds, N Y
V Parke, -N Y
G E Griswold, Chicago
W F Haskell, Chicago
J C Sauer, Dallas, Tex
G W Bimbaum, N Y
Miss Nina E Liggett,
Denver
J F Farraher, Yreka
J H Latham, Los Ang
F W King, Los Ang
I B Snow, Chicago
H G Colton. Portland
M Kahn, Philadelphia
E G Eyra. . Kobe *
W J Lumbard & w,
Des Moines, Iowa
Miss P Lumbard, Iowa
J M Leszynsky, N Y
HfW Binsrham, Cal
R G Ford t Chicago
J G. French, Avalan
G P Kauffman, N Orln
E S Johnson. NY
P Probst, Germany
J T Adams, Dubuque
E C Voorheis, Cal
E S Barney, Amador.
J A Foshny, Los Ang
M McLuish, Denver
C W Curtis & w. N Y
Dr W A Adams, w &
dauph, Texas
L F Graham, 3 Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Col Knox, Sacramento
W Wilder. Fresno
Mrs JE Epperson. Cal
James Dowme, Cal
P Cattey, Rio Vista
J C Garloueh, Mich
A J Anderson, Fresno
O Cox; Hopland
G M Laird, Los Ang
C F Matheus & wife
& dau, Chicago
P H Hanrahan, Sacto
A Hamann. Denver
C G Allen. Neuman
John Enes, Warm Spg
Clyde Emdee, Indiana
J A Shel lamer, Pasdna
J A Nleld. San Diego
C B Nleld & fam, Cal
John Quinn, Needles
F Fischer, Felton
Chas Book&w. Bkrsfld
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha3 fallen slowly over the Pa
cific Slope. . A storm over the Mexican bound
ary is apparently working slowly, northward
and may reach the valley of the Colorado by
Monday. ''
The temperature has . remained nearly sta
tionary and the weather continues warm over
the greater portion of the coast. In the great
valleys of California the temperatures continue
from 10 to 20 degrees above the normal.
Forecasts made at San Franciscc for- thirty
hours, ending midnight. August 12. 1901:
: Northern California— Fair Monday; continued
warm in the interior; fresh westerly winds on
the coast. • ¦ .-¦»"..¦.¦
Southern California— Fair Monday, except
cloudy and probably showers in southern por
tion: light southwest wind. j_
• Nevada— Fair Monday, continued warm; light
south winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
light southwest wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
1 Forecast .Official.
to Rob Mistress of
/ Jewels.
Claims Gardelli Forced Her
Julia j Gonzalesky, who was sentenced
Saturday to. 'two" days imprisonment in
the House of Correction for stealing a
lot of jewelry from her mistress, tells a
sensational story of how she "was forced
to part . with her luxuriant tresses and
! don i male attire by Frank • Gardelli, her
accomplice in crime in order to deceive
the police.
Gardelli is now undergoing a sentence
of eight years for complicity in the bold
theft. According to the woman's story
she first met Gardelli in Buenos Ayres.
He promised to make her his wife and
induced ".her 'to elope with him to New
York. She had 300 florins \ with her,, and
after I reaching New 1 York he compelled
her to give the money to^him. After re
maining there a short time Gardelli and
the woman, :who is a beautiful brunette,
came to this city and took a room, in a
cheap lodging-house on .Pacific street.
Finding himself short of money Gar
delli . ordered his companion to insert an
advertisement in one of the newspapers
seeking employment as a domestic. Mrs.
Bspinoza of 2400 Harrison street answered
the advertisement, and after a brief i con
v^rsation,with Julia she employed her.
Miss Gonzalesky' s story of the robbery
and subsequent events, as told to Dis
trict Attorney Byington, is as follows:
Threatened to Kill Eer.
"The first day I worked for.Mrs.Es*
pinoza Gardelli sent for me and inquired
if my mistress had any jewelry. I told
him she had a large 'number of diamonds
which she had purchased in Central
America. He told me to steal them, and
when I refused he threatened to kill me
unless I obeyed. He took out his re
volver, and polnting.it at my head, told
me. to go and bring 'him the stones.
Fearing for my life I tremblingly, re
turned to the house and took the
diamonds during the temporary absence
o.f my , mistress. Gardelli was % waiting
outside for me, and as I passed him the
jewel case containing the stones he com
manded me to follow him.
"We walked along the Mission road un
til we came to a body of water, which I
have since told me is .Lake Merced.
As it was quite dark he decided that it
would be useless for us to proceed any
further for 'the time being and we slept
in the brush until morning. I wanted to
return to the city,- but he would not al
low me to. Thinking that I might 'be
recognized while trudging along the road
he forced me to submit to having my hair
cut off by- him. He had an extra suit of
clothes with him and t>y threatening to
shoot me he compelled me to don them.
Resumes Ffcmale Attire.
"From Lake Merced we walked to San
Mateo, where we boarded a train for San
Jose. At the latter place he ordered me to
discard my. male attire for a cheap calico
dress which he had stolen from a con
venient clothesline while in San Mateo.
"From San Jose- we went to Los An
geles, where we were recognized and ar
rested. I am glad that he has been given
a long term in prison, as I can have a
chance to. return to my parents and lead
a respectable life."
Satisfied of the truth of her story, Judge
Cook mercifully sentenced Julia to only
two days' imprisonment in the House of
Correction. After her release this.morn
ing several persons who have been
touched by her pitiful story intend to
provide for her until she hears from her
parents. -
ASTONISHHTG STATEMENT
CONCERNING THE CADILLAC
Judges Say the Yacht May Increase
the Base of. Its Foretriangular
Over Four Feet.
CHICAGO, Auk. 11.— The judges of the
international yacht race for the Canada's
cup to-night gave, out the astonishing an
nouncement that the Cadillac, the defend
er., may increase the base of its fore
triangular 4.35 feet. This is a correction
with a vengeance, and means that the
Cadillac can carry out its bowsprit four
feet and four inrhes. thereby increasing
the area of its jib by about 100 square
feet, and can increase the iength of its
spinnaker boom by four feet four inches,
and consequently can set a much larger
spinnaker.
The announcement has caused much
criticism, particular as it comes after one
race has been sailed. /
It had been known all day that some
¦wrangling over the measurements had
been going on. One explanation is that
the measurer made a bip blunder. What
the real reason" is the officials refuse to
say. . -. .
tions and additions except plumbing, ¦ painting,
brick and concrete work and raising to make a
two-story frame (2 tenements) on N line of
Twenty-fir3t street, 25 . W of Alabama, W 25 by
N 104: J108S. .
W. T. Beatty (owner) with H. Tessmer (con
tractor), architect M. J. Welch— All work for
a one-story frame stable on N line of Folsom
street. 66 "W of Ransch. W 28 by N 100; J1700.
- Mrs. ¦ Carrie C. Martin (owner) with James
B. MeSheehy (contractor), architect . Car
penter work, plastering, tinninsr. hardware and
glass work on building partially destroyed bv
fire, being a three-etory frame (3 flats) on W
line of Guerrero street, 90 N of Fourteenth. W
130 by N 30: $2092. v
Pretty Julia Gonzalesky
Tells Story of Her
Escape.
MAKES HER DON
BOY'S CLOTHING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 12, 1901.
9
STATIONS.
¦ ¦ B '
: ¦ *1 V
O
. H-
a
¦ rg 0 o
ii 3 i 3 B. »
m
III
ID
H
Astoria 30.14 68 52 NW Clear 00
Baker 29. 98 83 48 NW Clear 'oo
Carson 29.88 90 54 W Clear 00
Eureka 30.02 56 43 W Clear 'oo
Fresno..., 29.72 108 68 NW Clear 00
Flagstaff .:...... .29. 92 86 54 NW Cloudy .00
Pocatello," Idaho. 29. 90 84 56 W Clear- 00
Independence ....29.70 98 70 S -' Pt Cldy "01
L03 Angeles' 29.84 76 60 W ; Clear 00
Phoenix 29.68 100 76 SW Cloudy 00
Portland SO. 04 82 56 NW Clear .00
Red Blunt 29.74 108. 76 NE Clear . .00
Roseburg ...29.98 90 B2 N Clear - .00
Sacramento 29.76 104 62 S Clear 00
Salt Lake 29.94 85 62 NW Clear 00
San Francisco.... 29. 84 68 50 SW Clear .0')
San Luis Oblspo.29.88 78 56 S Clear 00
San Diego 29.84 70 64 W Clear .00
Seattle' 30.12 76 52 NW Pt Cldy ;00
Spokane 29.98^86 54 SW Cloudy .00
Neah Bay 30.16 64 52 W Cloudy -.00
Walla Walla 29.96 92 62 W Clear .00
Wlnnemucca 23.88 88 50 NW Clear 00
Yuma 29.70 104 82 W • Pt Cldy .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 52.
STATIONS.
¦ ¦ B '
: ¦ *1 V
O
. H-
a
¦ rg 0 o
ii 3 i 3 B. »
m
III
ID
H
Astoria 30.14 68 52 NW Clear 00
Baker 29. 98 83 48 NW Clear 'oo
Carson 29.88 90 54 W Clear 00
Eureka 30.02 56 43 W Clear 'oo
Fresno..., 29.72 108 68 NW Clear 00
Flagstaff .:...... .29. 92 86 54 NW Cloudy .00
Pocatello," Idaho. 29. 90 84 56 W Clear- 00
Independence ....29.70 98 70 S -' Pt Cldy "01
L03 Angeles' 29.84 76 60 W ; Clear 00
Phoenix 29.68 100 76 SW Cloudy 00
Portland SO. 04 82 56 NW Clear .00
Red Blunt 29.74 108. 76 NE Clear . .00
Roseburg ...29.98 90 B2 N Clear - .00
Sacramento 29.76 104 62 S Clear 00
Salt Lake 29.94 85 62 NW Clear 00
San Francisco.... 29. 84 68 50 SW Clear .0')
San Luis Oblspo.29.88 78 56 S Clear 00
San Diego 29.84 70 64 W Clear .00
Seattle' 30.12 76 52 NW Pt Cldy ;00
Spokane 29.98^86 54 SW Cloudy .00
Neah Bay 30.16 64 52 W Cloudy -.00
Walla Walla 29.96 92 62 W Clear .00
Wlnnemucca 23.88 88 50 NW Clear 00
Yuma 29.70 104 82 W • Pt Cldy .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 52.
AUCTION SALES
NEXT THURSDAY, log. 15.
I Will Sell About
THIRTY STANDARDISED TROTTING
I HORSES FROM THE FAMOUS PALO
ALTO STOCK FAM,
Comprising sons and daughters of Azmoor. Dex-
ter Prince. Mendocino, Wildnut and Altivo, out
of grandly bred speed producing mares; broth-
ers and sisters to El Rami, 2:14; Local, 2:19%;
Oeste, 2:20i4; Mary Osborne, 2:2% etc. All
well broken, young 1 and very-promising; a hand,
somer lot of fine roadsters and pure gaited trot-
ters has never been offered at auction In « this
city. Horses at Salesyard, August 12th. Send
for catalogue. .
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard street, near Third.
. WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
BNEAD— Near Dlxon, CaL, August 11, 1901,
Mrs. Mary L. Snead, a native of New Or-
* leans, aged 61 years.
VINSON— In Oakland, at 568 * East Twelfth
Street, August 10, 190V Violet Vlnson, mother
of Mrs." Sarah Jane Vincent, Mrs. ¦ Martha
Harvey, 'Mrs. Suean Dlxon, Mrs. Mary Mor-
rison. Mrs. Josephine Townsend, ' Oscar Ma-
son and Mrs. - Clara B. .Williams, a native of
Virginia, : aged. 85 years. ,. . r
WANNER— In Uklah, Cal.,- August- 9, , 1901,
Louis Wanner, beloved husband of the late
Emma Wanner, a native o£ Switzerland,
Cal., aged 42 years. . . .
ICTFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully -invited to. attend the ¦ funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Smiley & Gallegher, 2325 Santa Clara
avenue, Alanieda.
WHITTLE— In this city, August 9, 1901, Ma-
tilda A. L. ¦Whittle,- relict of the late Deer-
ing Whittle, and mother of Mrs. M. E
Moore and Albert M. and the Rev. Henry
. D. Whittle, S. J., a native oi Sussex, Eng-
land, aged 75 years 1 month and 21 days.
(CTFriends are invited to attend the sol-
' emn reauiem mass .to be celebrated/ for the
. repose of her soul at St. Ignatius Church,
to-day (Monday), at 10 o'clock. • Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
ZIMMONS— In this ¦ city, August -11, .. 1901,
Thomas', beloved Bon of. Thomas and Hanorah
Zlmmons, and grandson of Edward and El-
len Hurson, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 24 days. . ¦
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TRAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
3a0ld TV I id! Ob
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a U:45a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Visalla... 3:40 p 4:48 a
• " Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a ........
m Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
• a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train is tho California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m, Tuesday and
Friday.
¦ 4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
'daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:53 p. rn.
daily. ...
7:20 a. m. is Eakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquin Valley.- Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry.
¦Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. *
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwem.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Zeeland .....August 21 Vaderland .....Sept. 11
•Frlesland ....August 2S Kensington Sept. 1R
South wark ..:.. Sept. 4 Zeeland Sept. 23
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
~ INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
•TEW. V OP.C. SCrfTJT'-MPrO^. to«S0!». ?AB3?.
Stopping at '. Cherbourg, westbound.
'From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
•Zeeland .^...August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept/ 11
St. Paul :August 28 St. Paul Sept. 18
St. Louis ..Sept. 4 St. Louis.: Sept. 25
AMERICAN LINE.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ' For
ft eight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First. ¦
. ¦ W. H.. AVERY, General Agent. "
'.; ¦.. .* -• - % l.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streetK. at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong., with . steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS.: AMERICA MARU... Saturday." Aug. 10. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU.............
¦".... Wednesday. September 4. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1901
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
Via Sausalito Farry.
Commencing April . 2S, 190L
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
v . AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45 *1:4j. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. 8:00, *9:00. 'lO^. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45.' »l:30, 2:30, *3:45, 5:00, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25, 6:27, 7:47, 8:35, 10:15
a m., •12:25. 1:15. 2:20. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
' EXTRA. TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p..m. ..
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:C0. 9:45, 11:00 a. m., «12
m.. 1:00. 2:15, *3:30, 4:30. *5:45, 6:45, 7:30, 10:13
p m.- ¦ ¦ .. . - -
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. ¦ 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:33. 1:45. 2:43. 3:50, 5:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA . TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m., 12:15
1-20 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15.' 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
' C.55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' - - ¦ ¦¦ ¦ • ' • ¦. - • _ v
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . ¦ . • '
'5:13 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. ' Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10 >a. m. Sundays— Point Reye3 and way sta-
tions. : . "'.-•- • ' ¦ •» . ¦ • ;
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA D2 VAPORES
To Valparaiso; stopping at Mexican, .Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. .-
PERU .........Aug. 16IPALKNA .;.....Rept 4
GUATEMALA.. Auk. 22|COLOMBIA ....Sept.' 20
- These I steamers are . built expressly for Cen-
tral and South - American ¦ ¦ passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office.- 816 • Calif ornla street.-
. BALPOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. .
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(5129 KEARSY ST. Established
In 1SS4 for the treatment nf I'rivute
Diseases, Lost Alan Hood. Debility or
cll>.pas<* wearlngnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tlie Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Curoa piiaran teed. Call or write,
l>r. 4. 1\ (ilDSOS. aau Francisco. CaL ; _
COMPAGNIE GENEBALE TBAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVBE-PARIS..:^^^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of •rfJSffurfk
Saturday, at 10 a. 'm.; from pier.41,
North River, 'foot of Morton street; *L* Aqui-
taine, August 15; La Normand ie.^ August 22;
La Bretagne, August 29; La Champagne, Sep-
tember 5. •---¦• ¦'-.'..' '. ¦ - ¦ ¦ - ' •
¦ First c!ass to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, v t45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and , CAN-
ADA.. 32 Broadway - (Hudson building), =» New
York. ¦;¦. J. F. . FUG AZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. I 5 Montgomery I avenue-. • San Francisco.
Tickets • sold by all ¦ Railroad : Ticket Agents. '
•Twin' Screw Express- Steamers.'; • ¦
TU SmmUw Tmif— Foot of Hu-tat St.
£g££ :-.'...WHBK DAYS < f;jf£ •«*
8:00 A.M.} ' f 12:15 P. u.
9MA.1I. -.;. 1:15 P.M.
10:00 A. M. BTTNDAYa j 8«0 P. M.
11:30 a. M. '•.••— BUftDAYS V 4^0 P. U
.130 P.M. ¦-- 5 JO P. M.
' 230 P. M. J 1 7:10 P.' M.
- ¦¦¦ - Pare. Saa Pr&aalm to Bvmatt moH Return. flM - -
Ticket Offices, ftfl Market St., & Sauaalitq Perry,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
CALffOBBU HORTHWESTEBB ST. COL
LESSEE
SAM FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
- RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburen Ferry. Foot of Market S*
San Fran-isco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip.
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.' • -
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m. . •""->-;
baa Raiarl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8 :10." 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
- 5:05, 6:25 p. m. O
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 23. 1901. | San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:C0am| Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am| Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. -
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:29 pra
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 10:25 ant
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. [ 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am ' W:40 am 10:23 am
•x 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm >
3:30 pm 5:00 pm «:20 pra
7-30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and
6:10 pm 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. 6:C5 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami . 110:40 am)10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:C0 pml Sebastopol. I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for -the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, . Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin -Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal, Willlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harria,_ Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip - tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
Building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
WfiiyGI$l.00iB?lfia!
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
FIFTH. 264— Nice front room for young man;
. closet; bath; $7.
FIFTH. 264— Nicely furnished parlor; grate and
closet; for 2 men; <10; private family.
FOURTH, S2S— 3 sunny front rooms, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable; up-
stairs.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HAIGHT. 222 — Two or three perfectly appointed
housekeeping rooms; eunny alcove; for cou-
ple; gas range; telephone; references. '
HARRISON, 570-Newly furnished, well lighted
rooms, $1, Jl 25, ?1 50 a week, with board,
$3 GO. U. on Rincon Hill, 4 blocks from Pal-
ace Hotel. .
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st:. near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
COc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD. 1063 (The Harvey)— Sunny furnished
front bay-window room; electric lights; $10;
others.
HOWARD. 1003—2 completely furnished sunny
connecting housekeeping rooms; running
water; electric lights.
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Offlces or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)-Nlcely, fur-
nished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET, 1055, upstairs— Furn. rms. for hskpg,
$10; also rooms for transients; baths.
MARKET, 1802-Modern house: furniture new;
gas grates; running water: all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred: references.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished: private: bath: single rooms $10 up.
MASON. 107— Nicely furnished Eunny front
rooms: also housekeeping rooms.
MCALLISTER, 978— Sunny furnished rooms.
MINNA. 6G7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
\ offlces: elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
¦ and slngie rooms. S3 week up; transient.
UOYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor- rooms, per nicht. 33c to $1 50; week. $2 to
JS; month. fS to $20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth Et..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 257, between 3d and 4th — Sunny
furnished rooms to let; moderate prices.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms!: run. water; baths: phone; cheap.
THE CECILENE 930 Van Ness ave.
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms; references. . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
LARGE, light furnished room; grate, water,
ample closets, with board for 2 ladies or man
and wife. *23 each; American family. For
particulars address or call 570 Harrison St..
Rincon Hill. Plainly furnished rooms and
board for two persons, $16 each, or $3 50 per
week: references given and expected.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission: warm belt:
rfr management: modern: Eunny rooms; ta-
ble bnard: unexcelled. Tel. Church 11S1.
HOTEL Repelier, 7S1 Sutter— Newlv furnished:
excellent table: -special rates to tourists.
'THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunry
rooms, single and- en suite: beautiful ground?.
CALIFORNIA. S07— Stevenson mansion: select
famllv hotel texceptlonal table:attraetive rms.
TWO vtry pleasant sunny rooms, with board;
refined surroundiners. 1320 California st.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room in exchange for sewing,
private family, city. Box 4797. Call office.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
NOTICE — We are responsib'e for our photo
contracts and coupons as they are printed;
positively ro »-«rbal agreements with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co.. 3 Taylor st.
BAP tenants ejected for $4: cclleetlons made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. tel. 55S0.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor: trial free;" send for circular. S35 Mkt. r. 8.
DISKASES snd aliments of men treated: con-
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairlrrc: lowest rates. TeL Black 1124. 203 4th.
ALL kinds boucht. sold, rented, exchanged: re-
rairine: lnwest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth
SLOT MACHINES.
TVt'O roulettes, only t75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and Bth: other- machines.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage,
Deijot Quartermaster's office, 36 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, Cal., August s),
19C1— Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m..
Monday. August 26. 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cham-
bray Shirts, Scrubbing Brushes and Mosquito
Bars. Bids will be opened for the delivery of
the same articles at either the San Francisco.
Boston. Chicago and Philadelphia depots, and
are for the same for which bids will be
opened at the other depots. To avoid mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of the
articles to be furnished, bidders will careful-
ly examine the standard samples and speci-
fications, ro that proposals may be submitted
by them with a full knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with |
the standards and specifications will, be in-
sisted upon In the inspection of the goods.
Bidders upon the scrubbing brushes will be
permitted to* submit samples differing from
standard and specifications in order that a
selection may be made therefrom should any
of them prove to be equal to or superior to
standard. Bids upon samples differing from
specifications and samples upon which bids*
are invited, with the exception indicated, will
under no circumstar.ees be entertained, nor
will unguaranteed bids be ' considered. Pro-
posals for less quantities than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids for delivery or In- !
epectlon at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliv-
eries are essential. Bidders must state in
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
Ehoald cdntract be awarded to them. Prefer-
ence- will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (Including in the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and euch preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the ¦ Pacific
Coast to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 73G5," and addressed to Major OSCAR P.
LONG, Quartermaster. U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. '
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies, De-
pot Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco, Cal.. August 3, 1901.—
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be received
at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.. Tuesday,
August 13. 1801, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Stove and Range
Futniture, S. P. Elbows, Stovepipe, Ranges,
Stoves, Coal Vases, Parts of Ranges and
Grates. G. I. Boilers, Stove Bolts, S. P. Col-
¦ lars and Stove Putty. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent of
the consumption required by the public serv-
ice there. Tie United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be indorsed
"Proposals No. 64S8." and addressed to MA-
JOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster. U. S.
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 12, 1301— Sealed
proposals in triplicate will be received here
until 11 a. m., Tuesday, August 27, 1901. and
then opened, for construction (Including
plumbing, heating, electric fixtures and elec-
tric wiring), at the U. S. A. General Hospi-
tal, Preeidio of San Francisco. Cal., of iso-
lation ward (Ward F). Government re-
serves the right to reject or accept any or
all bids in whole or in part. Preference
given to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (Including in the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon) I
being equal, and such preference given to
articles of American production produced on
the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public service there. In-
formation furnished on application to J. M.
MARSHALL, Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. U- S. Army, Chief Quartermaster.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., Aug. 6, 1901— Sealed proposes, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m. August 21, 1901. for furnishing
and delivery at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
•126 Standard Artillery Horses; delivery ;to
commence within sixty days after award of
contract; preference given to animals of do-
mestic production, conditions of quality and
price being equal. United States reserves the
ri"ht to reject any or all bids or any part
thereof. For further Information see circular
to bidders or apply to this office. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked:
"Proposal* for Artillery Horses," and ad-
dressed to the underslgne^^ c q
PALMISTRY.
MHS. LAME, scientific palmist: head and face
r<'s<5ir.c; lessons given. €17 Jones «C
JTIIYSICIANS .AND SURGEONS.
CR. V.OXG HlM71ierb~doctor. successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
' testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
I>R. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence.
Et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
A— DR. VTONG WOO, herb doctor: sanitarium.
.CI-.oS Clay Et.: gee testimonial? at office.
A\ D TURXIXG 31ILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
RE-VL ESTATC-i-CITY — FOR SALE.
ELEGANT hcme7~sa^inc^d^ait^hla?^oriWnal
cost; 11 sunny rooms, bath, attic, basement
furnace; all In fine order; ; lot S0xll4;
large garden; magnificent view; part cash,
balance mortgage, or exchange for Income city
Owner. 508 California, room 30.
6IX. reven and eight rooms cottages: also two
flat houses in block between 17th. ISth. Castro
and Noe sts. ; cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. XEL-
SON. builder. -
TOR Sale — A barpain: Income property: 3-storv
house: lot 4SxT5:6 feet; southeast corner Ma*-
son and Pacific Fts. Call or address 734 Shot-
wcll pt.; no agents.
.^^AJLJLstate: COUVrilY — For Sale
A MO^'EY maker and lovely home— Just think
°;, ".-actually $1500 income this year from
mis .2 acres of sediment loera; complete and
pood set ct buildinps, including stock and
joojs only $5000; steamer landing on place;
ireight 51 a ton; fare SOc to San Francisco.
,~, G OOD AND VERY CHEAP.
iro-acre general farm; fenced; SO acres cul-
inated; 15 acres orchard and vineyard; bal-
E...'~e Al wooded pasture; several Fprlags;
complete s<>t build in S s; somr stock and tools;
lare round trip from S. F. only II 50; Jess
«?J™ 2 Irii!es lrcn > R. R-. Sonoma Co.. only
HEBE'S ANOTHER.
At Icfs than half actual value. Well !m-
prcved 900 acres, Scnoma County. general
lairr: for SCWC: though only 20 acres are now
* U 'V. V ?' e<J lhcie is lc:!v 500 acres more easy
»o bring under cultivation: all good grain,
fruit cr vineyard soil; balance Al wooded
nili rapture: will carry fully 50 cattle; 100
hops and a!l work stock: a money maker;
watered by ilv'rs creek and several springs;
includes stock, etc.
N. D. SICKKLS. the Land Asent, 6 Geary.
FOR sale — Good paying ranch. 63 acres; house
of , rooms and cellar: 32 acres in vinevard.
r>p.lanee in TOO assorted fruit trees and hay;
. OT chicker.s: 3 heroes: 3 cows: buggy; wagon;
a»l other i!r.r>l«r.cnts: will take J5000 cash,
balance on time, or improved city property.
r- Addrea»>R.Vc-,Wn^E. 26'i Kearny st.
——FOR SALE XEAR SAX FRAXCIfCO—
Pmall tracts. JCrt to Si>0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. fioimma Co. : future value assured, as
?an Francisco is prcsring rapidly; location
bcFt for rou'.ttv and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. Sf2 California et.. for pam-
phirts or Ii-fcrmatlon.
FOOT/TRY £^a 'iairv ranches for «ile; write for
free ljyt. O. U. WIXFIET.D. Pftaluma. Cal.
CHOICE fa'm liarsain?: cal! or fend for list.
"SVooMer. WVjfton & M«wl».um>ij». fit Market.
AUMBA JI1YERT1SF.MF.NR
ALAKEDA RGAI ESTATE.
ALAME1V. <ir.d Fraitrale bargains for Invest-
ors cud hou. c e?eek?rs en easy terms or er-
change for city or country realty.
FPECIAL. BARGAIN.
One cf the finest reFidences in the city. 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.: best location; fln-
ifhed in oak. birdfeye maple and Carolina
Tine; highly decorated: lot SExlTO feet.
EPKCIAL.
Two noifrn cottages, 5 rooms and bath-
r;ear st^ticn; .JliCO.
A. R.-DENKE.
¦ Web?ter-st. Station. Alameda.
ftlKW ccttagre on Weber st.. 5 rooms and bath;
cottage 5 ronras ar.1 bath on Taylor ave..
«**: lot SxlSt, J. H. YOUNG, builder, 12 13
Tark st.. A lambda.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEHXTS
BERKELEY HEaV> ESTATE.
BARGAIN" in S-rocm hiuse and comer lot in
Berkeley; all modern conveni«»rces; owner
*?!ls owing: to removal south. J. H. LOGIE
713 Market St.. city.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 3118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
flOO DOSTX. balance small monthly payments':
two-flory S-roomed house with bath, hall,
bay-window, basement, etc.; all newly' paint-
ed, papered and tinted; in first-class condi-
tion: north or Funny side; 3 block? from local
elation; street work all done; stone walks
i:i front and about the house; insured for
$1200; bank loan now JllCO; can be increased;
pood neighborhood ; close to schools, churches
end train; chance to pet a big barpain if
taken at once: title perfect: rent value' $15
per month: only $!6M on monthly payments;
liberal discount for quick cash sale; house
not occupied and can be seen at any time;
investigate at ence: k*yg al the office of
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive ap-ents for this property.
1008 Broadway. Oakla'nd.
liEAL property center of Oakland: XE. comer
Fourteenth and West s.ts.; lot 12, block A;
(ixZl: with cottage, etc; offers invited to close
partition estate of Flood. deceased. D.
MITCHELL, lawyer, corner Xinth and Broad-
way. Oskland.
KOU SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaa.3. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APPLY 62 r » Foisom — Furnished rooms for fami-
lies with children; large grounds; lower floor.
CAPP, C4. near Twenty-first— Three furnished
house-keeping- rooms; private family: refs.
CAPP. 624 — 2 rooms for light housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
EDDY, S33— 4 unfurnished sunny rooms; ! pri-
vate residence; no children; fine location.
EIGHTH. 225 — 3 unfurnished eunny rooms for
housekeeping; water free; $10.
HARRISON. 721—2 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; rent $11; bath.
HOWARD, 728. near Third — Housekeeping
rooms complete, JU; also front room, 17.
KOJVAUD. 7Cl>i— Eur.ny bay-window suite with
kitchen; others; reasonable..
HYDE, 40? — Eunny front parlor suite complete
for housekeeping. $25; also basement suite.
LARJCIN. €13—2 small family suites for house-
keeping; reasonable; 75c gas for cooking.
LEAVENWORTH, 10C3 — Large room, carpeted, '
partly furnished; connected with complete
kitchen; adults; go.
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary, between Mason
and Taylor— 2 housekeeping rooms furnished
complete; bath.
NICE front sunny rooms for housekeeping, fur-
nished complete. $1 73 to $2 per week. Apply
at shoe store, CC3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. G*ary— Sunny bay-window
kitchen and suite or single. t6 up.
POLK. 10C2— 3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; SIS up; reference.
POST, C2G— Large front room; running water;
light housekeeping; other rooms.
EI^COND, 212 — Furn. rooms for housekpg; other
rooms; clean and respectable; no children.
EHOTWELL, S7S— 2 sunny connecting room!;
separate entrance; sas, range, bath and
iaundry.
TURK, £25— Solar flats: fine; new; Chicago
ityle; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
tinfurn. and furnished: electricity: janitor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fill more st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Infarn.
>HLBORX HOTEL— 321 Grant ave.— Beet $1 a
<:ay family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, SOc up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
"J.c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 pep-week, and
lighi housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant. Bunny;
prill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyie; take McAUlster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third —200 rooms, newly
renovated; Z>c to tl night; phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel. IS Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished rooms. $1 SO per week up: elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells,
!lrFt-cla6s. quiet, central. ¦
BURNETT 1125 Market (old No. 1264)— Fur-
Eirj^a rnas., suites, single; aieo unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
sunny rooms; pricee reasonable.
EDDY. 156— A lady hu fitted up a new fur-
nished flat; would like gentleman to taka
room or man and wife; gunny. '
ETFTH, 1C7— pjearat^ sunny unfurnished
rooiaa to let.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-KUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; teL Main 5713. ;
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
Elon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cond
pnny. K20 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281. v
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS I 'lN~T^PBWRiraRS— We
6ell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, J60: anti-trust:
all makes; used machlnea $10 up. 208 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 24 (20 cents
per share) of the , Kllauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day, August 16, 1901.. Transfer books closed
on Friday, August 9, 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary. ;¦ '
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, Aug. 8, 1901— Dividend No. 191, of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be payable
at the office of said company, room 16, second
floor. Mills building, on August 15. 1901; trans-
fer books will close on August 9. 1901, at 3
p. m. EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MAREIaBES- DEATHS,
Birth, death and marrlaee notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offlces and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SHIRRAN— In this city. August 10, 1901, to the
wife of Edward R. Shirran, a son. ¦ .
MARRIED.
NUSSBAUM— STREET— In this city. August
11, 1901, Irving A. Nussbaum and Lillian M.
Street. -.-••¦
COUCH— KUHN— In this city. August 11. 1901,
at the Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church, by Rev. John A. B. Wilson. William
II. Couch and Ethel F. Kuhn, both of 6an
¦ Francisco. - . . '
DIED.
Anwaeter, Charles Nelson, Fannie .. E.
Broderick Mrs. Rosa Niewerth, Maria I*.
Callaghan, Thomas Rooney, Garry
Ferris, Margaret Sandburg, . Theodore .
Foley, Bridget Snead. Mrs. Mary L.
Hanscom. Clarabell Vinson. Violet
Heueler. Henry Wanner, Louis i
Hooper, Col. Geo. F. Whittle. Matilda A. L..
Kraus. David TV. Zlmmons, Thomas
McMahon, James
ANWAETER— In this city. August 11. 1901,
Charles Anwaeter, a native ¦ of Philadelphia,
Pa., o^ed 23 years.
BRODERICK-In this city, August 10, 1901,
Rcsa Broderick, dearly beloved wife of John
Brodtrick, and mother of John E., Will H.,
Rose M., Anna E.. Marraret C Fred L.
and the late Susie T. Broderick. a native of
Carlisle, Pa., aged 63 years 3 months and 10
days.
inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at f:45 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1746 Hyde street, thence to St.
Brlgid's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate.
CALLAGHAN— At Cook Inlet. Alaska. July 7,
1901, Thomas Callaghan, brother of Mary Cal-
lagnan and the late John and James Calla-
Ehan and Mrs. A. Henchlon, and uncle of
Humphrey Callaghan, a native of Machroon,
County Cork, Ireland. . . ,
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend mass to-morrow
(Tutsday). at 9 o'clock, at St. Patrick's
Chuich, Mission street. -
FERRIS— In this city. Margaret Ferris, be-
loved mother of John M. Ferris and Mrs. F.
I>. Griffin, a native of Queens County, Ire-
land, aged 04 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from n"er late resi-
dence.. 3S12 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. James Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
FOLEY— In this city, August 10, 1901, Bridget,
t-eloved wife of Thomas Foley, and mother ot
"William K.. Dennis, Thomas F. and-Norah
Foley and Mrs. J. H. Gibson, a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged 67 year3.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 618% Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-,
eeph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
..will be celebrated for the repose, of her. bouI
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HANSCOM— In this citr. Aupust 11. 1901.
Clarfibell Kanscom. beloved wife of William
S. Hanscom, mother of Dr. E. W. Pratt,
Minnie Pratt, Myrtle and Gladys Hanscom,
a native of Springfield, Mass., aged 53 years
11 months and 13 days. ¦• .
[C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 403 McAllister street. Interment, San
-Jcse.
HEUSLER— In the City and County Hospital.
August 11, 1901. Henry Heusler, a native o£
Germany, ased €9 years.
HOOPER— In this city, Sunday, August 11,
1&01. 10:15 a. m.. at his residence, 2509 Wash-
ington street. Colonel George F. Hooper,
beloved husband of Maria Carroll Hooper,
aged 75 years. . .
E7"Funeral from St. Dominic's Church,
corner Bush and Steiner streets, to-morrow
(Tuesday), at. 10 o'clock. Interment private,
Calvary Cemetery-. Please omit flowers.
KRAUS— In this city, August 11. 1901, David
Wolf Kraus, dearly beloved husband of
---Amelia Kraus, and father of Leopold, Bern-
hard and Abraham • Kraus, a native Of Hun-
gary, aged 43 years 2 months and~ 9 days.
McMAHON— In this city, August 11, 1901,
James, beloved husband of Jane 'McMahon,
and father of James, Rose, Maggie and
Henry McMahon and Mrs. E. J. Beardsley,
and father-in-law of E. J. Beardsley, . and
brother of Peter McMahon and Mrs. Bell, a
native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged
61 years and 11 days.
NELSON— In this city. August 9, 1901, Fannie
E. Nelson, beloved wife of George H. Nel-
fion, loving mother of Bessie, George, Elmer
and Muriel Nelson, daughter of . Mr. and
Mrs. P. Dugan, and sister oi . Mrs. F. A.
Lasell aud Thomas, James, Katie and the
late John Dugan, a native of San Francisso.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2919 Sacramento street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
maea will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment private at Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. V :
NIEWERTH— In thi« city, August 11, 1901,
Maria Louisa Niewerth, beloved daughter of
August and Ellsa Niewerth, and sister .of
Frieda Niewerth, a native of California, aged
4 months and 22 days.
ROONEY— In this city, August 10, 1301, Garry.
• beloved son of Catherine and the late Pat-
rick Rooney, and brother of Rev. Sister Ma-
tilda, Thomas, John, Margaret, Clara, Cath-
erine and Harriet Rooney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years.
[ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 913 Broadway, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SANDBURG— In this city, August 10, 1901,
Theodore Sandburg, brother of Charles Sand-
burg, a native of Sweden, aged 24 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Craig: & Cochran Co., 52-56 Mint avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. . ' .
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. b-*t.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South '576^
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. :
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rate«.
McAUOY 4 CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS &'EMBALMERS I
1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th. I
¦ Telephone South 247. ,* . |
Mt. Olivet Cemetery;
Ean Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
- J. HENDERSON. Manager. .
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave., f . F.. Cat.
' The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day of . August, < 1901.
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful to the living ¦ than ". ths
ashes of their dead.
- Permits to cremate will . be Issued by the
Board of Health, ths eame ai heretofore. ¦
GEORGE. R. FLETCHER, Manager.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l«i%*e nod nrm tin* to nrrl ve m»
NAN FKAMCIHIO.
¦ (Main Line, foot of Market Street.)
LKATB — FBOM JPLT 14. 1901. — ARItlVl
7:00a Benicfa, Saiioo. Elmli* and 8»cr».
uieuto 6:3"8»
T<OOa VacaTille, Wiattra, Eumsey 7:33»
1 iSUa III artiuez, San llamon, Vallejo, Napa,
CalistogaaadSauut Rosa 0;25p
8:00A Davis, Woodlaud. Kaig&U Landing,
Marjrsfille. Orotille 7:33?
8:00* A>l»ntic Kxpreas— Ogdeii and E*sl 13:S3r
»i«« a Nilea. Lathrop. Stockton 7 »».¦»*
StOVANilea, Mendota, Hanfoid. VisalU,
rsTtorrille 4:33p
8:SttA Sh&sU Express— DaiU, Williams (let
Hartlett Springs). Willows, Bed
Bluff. Portland. 7:05?
• iSOa Sau Jose, LiTermore. Stockton.
• lone. Bacrainento. Flaeerrille.
. MnrjsTille, Chico, Ked niiitT 4i33f
SiBOa Oakdale, Chinese (Ycsemise), So-
nora, Carters 4t23p
•>OO* Hay ward. Nilrs and *7aj Stations.. ll»»3.v
»¦«')» VaUeio l»t2Sr
•>O4»a Los Angelas Exjires* — Martinea.
Tracy, Latlirop. rttockton. Merced
yresiio »ud Los Axsreles 7i25*
OtSOA Valle Jo, Martinez ami Way Stations 7i33r
1 0:00* The Orerlaml Limited— Ojden. l)#a.
ter, Omaha. Chicaga StnSp
fl:OI»r Sacrainnuto Ul»er Sio»mom !•"*'«»«»
SiSOr Uajward. NUrs sod Way station*.. 7:33r
4>u»r Uenlcfe. Winters, ilaoraiuento.
Woodland, Knighta Laudlug,
MitrysTitle. Orodlle * IO:33a
4iO«f Martinez. Sau IMiiiou. Tallejo.
Nairn. i'.Mntox*. SS.uta Itosa * »i*Sl
4:OOp Nllea, Lifermore. Stockton. Lodi... ISaSSy
4>;:«f Hayward. Mies, Wau.looe, LlTermoro tN>»3A
?:3Op Fort Cos'a. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton lo;25 1
3:UUrT)ie Owl Limited— Fresuo, Tulare.
liakerafleld. Haugna (or Santa Bit- -
bara. Los Angeles S:33«
BiOOp Martinet. Aatioch, Stockton. Sler-
oed, Fresno 12:25?
8»o«p Yosemite.. »at»3r
6i30p New Orlesna Eipre*s— Mendota,
Fresno. Bakenfietd, Lcs Angeles.
IXmiog. El Paso. New Orleans
and East 7sS3a
•sOOp Haywud, JJilea and Sau Jose 7:55a
fO:OOr Valleju 11:234
ttiOOr Oriental Mail— O(deo, Cbejenne.
Omaha, Chicaga 13:25?
• »«Op Oriental ilall— Ogden. Denver.
St. Lonis. Chicago. «sS3r
7iOOr Oregon and California Kzprem.Hao.
ritiiicntii, r.l»rjB»!He, ICeiMtug,
TortlaiKl, I'ligat Hound and Kast S:33a
•t«3p San Pablo. Port L'oata. Martinea
ami Way Stations 11:33*
tStOSp Valli-jo 7;3"»»
COAST LINE (.Narrow iiange).
(Foot of Market Street)
%~i x43a Santa Cruz Kxcursion to ctanta Cnu
. and Principal Way Stations JStOSy
| StISA Newark.CeuterTille.ciau.loee, Felton.
Uoulder Creek.Sauta Oiuz und Way
suuons Oiaop
t»ll8p Newark. CenterTills, San Jcse, Naw I
Alniaileu. Fulton, ItouMer Creek.
Sauta Crtu and Vrinclpal Way
Stations IOiS«»a
4sl3p Newark. Ban Jose, Los Gatos t"*:-™*
««;I5p Olenwood.Bonlder Creek. SanUCna «8:3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
1Mb SIS F&aSCISCO— t aov of SJirket Strxt (Slip 8>—
17:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:3a 8:15r.M.
rrraOlIUlO— r.il.rurudwij.— |a : 00 J3;OO tS.-OS
10:00a.m. 12:03 2:03 i:Q3r.H. i
COAST LINE (Hron.l Oange).
. (Third and Townaeml Sta.)
6:1Oa 8an Jose and Way HUtions....^.... «-.:i»x
17:40a Han Jose ami Way Stations... Ii3»p
/7iOoa New Alinadeu f 4ilO»
J7i30a Sunday Excursion for Saa Jcee,
Santa Cruz. Padfio Groro and
Principal Way Stations. tS:3S»
•••«A8an Joie. Holluter. HauU Cruz,
Pacilio OruTo, Salinas, San Lcis
Oblspo. Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal ii.terraedUte Stations 7:30*
IOiSOa Ban Jcse and Way Stations.......... 6:3Op
Ut8OA Han Jose aud Way Motions &I3UP
tt:13v San Mateo, lUdwood, M«nlo Park,
Palo Alto, .Santa Clara, San Jose,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey and PaclOo Grate t!0s43A
liHr8«tJi)ie, Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz.
Pacific Ototo and Way Stations 4:l«rp
t4llSp San Joseaud Principal Way Stations »:¦!¦**
13:OOp8an Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations f9:OOA
StSOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:36a
• tOOp Redwood, Han Jose, Gilroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara. Los Arjgeles 10:03a
«:30r San Jose and Way .-nations fM:O<> A
Cll:45p San Josaamt Way -Sutlong.. 7;3Oy
A for Morning. ¦ P for A f ternoon.
t Sunday excepted. ' JSnudsTOnly. -^
• Saturday only. « Monday.
• S&tnxday in 1 Sondaj. / Tuesdays and Frldajs.
Q.FZ. & N. CO,
Only Stnnm«litr> XjIxxo «o
'( PORTLAND, Or.,
And Rhort Rail Llns from Portland to nil
r-otnts Fnst. Through ihkett ti »11
pcintn. 3»1! r»T' »»i" wtenfTK^iira ml rail, a!
iiO'WTEis'r xf.^%.*x > s:s.
STEAMER TICKETS IHCLUD3 BERTH asi MEAL!
6S. COLUMBIA
Sails Aug. 1. 11. 21. 31. Sept. 10. 20. 30
ES. GEO. W. ELDER
....Sails Aur. 6. 16, 26. Sept. 5. 15. 23
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.AKt..l Montpm'y. S.F.
'¦ A/>A«n?i> CT Ct A*A HAWA "> 8Aacs - NFJ>
OceafHes.5.io» g^sass
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Honolulu only
Saturday, Augrust 31, 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
"New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. Augrust 22, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. September 11, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPSECKLS k BEOS. CO., Esncrsi Agents. 327 Market SI
G.sn'I Passenger Q!5c&, 643 Market St., risr Ka.7. Paciiic St
PANAMA R. R. s = ?
TO NEW. YORK, VfA PANAMA MREQT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails • , Auft.
S. S. Ltc!r.:iaw khIIs , Auft.
S. S. Argyll sni's , Sept.
From Howard street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY ,. AND RIVEB. STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamere GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p'. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a.m.. 4:15 p.m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 150S. Landing and of-
flce. pier 2. Mlaslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS
10 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« " Steamers leave Broadway
Kb Wharf. San Francisco:
I^Htjsii- * For Alaskan ports — 11 a. kl,
VHSSE&fcSJii. August 4. Change to com-
KW^PCLSfej** pany's steamers at Seattle.
' S>S r»d\Sil For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
1 i&Es&SFlJSP c ->- Port Townsend, Seattle,
tgBJhh^g^a^i Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
r ' *m>lap«M» and New Whatcom CWash.) —
' 11 a. m.. Ang. 4 and every
fifth day thereafter. Chamse
at Seattle for this .company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N.P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
Auprj 5. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— St°amer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
steamer State of California, Wednesdays. 9
a.m. ¦ » '.¦'. ¦¦ ¦¦"_—.>
¦ For Ix>s Anseles. calUnsr at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cameo*. Port -Harfora
fSan Luis Obispo). Gavlota. . Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pedro
and (*Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays,
9 a. m. . . -
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Kan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. ra, 7th each
month.
¦ For further information obtain • company's
folders. ,
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without .previous notice.
TICKET OFFTCE— 4 New Montgomery
street fPalace HotelV
GOODALL, PERKINS St. CO., Gen. Agrents.
bailway travel.
klSortScJ^^i
»/ Conveniences j
Burlington tourist sleeping- •
cars have all sorts of con- 'j
• veniences — Pintsch gas, toilet S
rooms, marble wash-basins. A
high-back seats, double win- 3
dows, a beating range for 8
making tea and coffee, and gj
. tables to write on or to use at 8
mealtime. S
They leave Los Angeles, Mondays and 3
Wednesdays; San Francisco, Tuesdays and ~\
¦ ¦ ' . -Thursdays — Omaha. B
r^^^"~ 1 Chicago. Kansas City, ja
IwfcMagaal St - Lou«— EVERY- Jl
HifflifflitnTlll WHERE east. r|
IVyi irrjillff Tickets and berths n
l^slflfnn^sl a ' T Market Street y
lEtCTCTgaggi w. D. Sansorn. %
I I Gea'l Agent 9A'large number of army people are ex
pected - to -attend Mrs. : Brown's lecture
on "The Canteen From an Army "Wo
man s Standpoint" next Saturday night
General; Young, "his personal staff, Colonei
Rawles of the Presidio and Chaplain Mil
ler will be guests of Mrs. Brown.
Lecture on Army Canteen.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it •
The committee of arrangements for the
second annual convention of the German
Roman Catholic Staats Verband of .Cali
fornia is making preparations for the con
vention, .which is to assemble In this city
September 29 and 30. The various organi
zations in the State affiliated with the
Verband are sending in encouraging re
ports and a big gathering of German
Catholics is expected. I . ¦ • ¦
German Catholics Will Convene.
Trapper's Oil cure3 rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay. *
Twenty years ago Colonel Hooper mar
ried Miss Maria Carroll, a member of the
noted Carroll family of Maryland. Be
sides his widow and his brother. Major
Hooper, he leaves another brother. Thom
as Hooper, who is engineer in charge of
the water works in Davenport, Iowa.
Colonel Hooper was a. member of ¦ the So
ciety of Pioneers. His funeral will take
place to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
from St. Dominic's Church.
Colonel George P. Hooper, -brother of
Major W. B. Hooper, proprietor of the Oc
cidental Hotel, died yesterday morning at
his residence, 2509 Washington street.
While Colonel Hooper had been In failing
health for several years, his condition at
no time gave any cause for alarm until
forty-eight hours before he answered the
final summons. The immediate cause of
his death was heart disease. Had he
lived until to-day Colonel. Hooper would
have been 75 years of agre. Archbishop
Riordan, who was his personal friend,
was present when the end came.
Colonel Hooper was born in Virginia
and was a veteran of the Mexican war.
having served with distinction in Colonel
Doniphan's command. After the war was
over he came to this State, In 1847, with
United States Commissioners Weller and
Gray as a member of the surveying party
which fixed the boundary line between
this country and Mexico. In 1852 he lo
cated in Arizona, having been appointed
post trader at Fort Yuma. He was for
years at the head of the firm of George
Hooper & Co., which did a thriving busi
ness In. the furnishing of supplies. Some
years ago he came to this city and estab
lished, a line of vessels to carry freight
to the mouth of the Colorado River. He
afterward retired from business with a
competency and lived a retired life.
Brother of Major Hooper of Occi
dental \Hotel Dies After
Brief Illness.
COLONEL GEORGE HOOPER
¦ ANSWERS CALL OF DEATH
Lieutenant and Mrs. Blue will remain
in San Francisco several days before leav
ing for the East.
"It bothered me at first," eaid the lieu
tenant. "I found myself, after a few
months' residence at Cavite, almost to
tally unable to recollect names of people.
In every • other respect my memory, al
ways good, remained true to me. Then I
found my 'Wife worrying about a similar
lapse on her part. : On the transport I
found about a dozen in a similar fix.
"When my brother met me this afternoon
It was only when I heard somebody say
'that's Rupert Blue, he used to be quar
antine . officer,' that I remembered his
name. 'Phllippinitls* we call it now, and
I recommend a course of mental gymnas
tics for the development of the name de
partment of the brain to all white folks
contemplating an. extended stay in the
tropics."
Lieutenant Blue speaks in glowing
terms of the success of the naval train-
Ing station at Cavite, where, under the
supervision of Lieutenant Knapp, the
younger generation of Filipinos is being
prepared for the merchant marine. ¦
The navy, too, Is drawing on Uncle
Sam's new wards. Shortly before Blue
left for home the work of enlisting five
hundred natives for service on the gun
boats stationed in the Philippines was pro
gressing briskly.
"They are born sailormen," he said,
"and we should get lots of good material
from the islands for service in those
waters."
"Philipplnitis" is the latest disease to
which white folks in the Philippines are
falling prey. As he found ' the Spanish
fleet, so it was Lieutenant Blue who dis
covered and named this most inconveni
ent malady. \ /
Lieutenant Blue graduated from the Na
val Academy in September, 18S3, and long
before the Santiago affair had gained
among his shipmates a reputation for in
trepidity and unswerving devotion to duty.
He was ordered to the Asiatic station In
the early part of 1900 and has since served
as Admiral Kempff 's flag lieutenant.
Things are settling down nicely In the
Philippines," he said last evening, "and
the natives, especially those in the neigh
borhood of Manila are beginning to real
ize the material benefits to them, of the
new order of affairs."
All alone and In uniform Blue landed on
June 11 on the Cuban shore. With a Cu
ban guide he penetrated the Spanish lines
ana gained a point three miles away and
in full view of the Spanish fleet. He made
a map of the harbor and the location of
the ships, retraced his steps and, after a
journey of seventy miles, every step of
which w,as fraught with peril, ne report
ed the result of his observations to Ad
miral Sampson. He repeated the journey
on June 25 for the purpose of gaining fur
ther : information.
Of all the heroes of the late war with
Spain there is none that made a better
record than Blue and none that wears his
hard-won honors more modestly. It was
Victor Blue who was selected by Admiral
Sampson for the perilous task of locating
dennitely the Spanish fleet in Santiago
harbor. This he did, and more, and from
June 11 until the day of the famous battle
the name of Blue figured prominently In
the dispatches.
Lieutenant Victor Blue of the navy, re
cently detached from the staff of Admiral
Kempff ,. was among the passengers who
arrived yesterday on the army transport
Sumner. He was accompanied by his wife.
Lieutenant Blue's term of sea service hav
ing expired some time ago, he is home to
spend a well-earned -leave, ' : ' •
Tells^of Uncle Sam's Filipino
Sailormen and of "Phil
'. ippinitis."
Lieutenant Victor Blue
Home From Manila
on Leave.
SANTIAGO HERO
ON THE SUMNER
The only route having through sleeping
car, service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily.. Siop-overs allowed at' Salt
Lake City. 'For full "Information ask L
M. Fletcher, 1M California street. • •*
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
Right Rev. James T3; ¦ Murray, • Bishop
of Queensland, Australia, arrived in the
city yesterday. After registering at the
California Hotel, he paid his respects to
Archbishop RIordan, and later- became ; a
guest' of the Jesuit Fathers , on Hayes
street, where he will remain ¦; during his
brief stay here. •
Bishop Murray Guest of Jesuits.
What people want are good pictures and
plenty of them. | Pictures have ceased to
be a luxury. They are a necessity. To
day no house is furnished that lackB pic
tures. They are as much of a neceesity
as carpets on the floor. It is our duty
and pleasure to furnish good pictures at
moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. \ •
Good Pictures.
During the evening and after the initi
ation a large number of boards used for
seats and raised about two feet from ' the
floor on a slight incline swayed for a
moment with the weight of 1500 members
of .the order and then the underpinning
gave way, the boards falling flat to the
floor, but there was no serious injury, one
man having a bruise under the eye and
another sustaining an injury to one of his
ankles. ¦¦ ¦ : :
The competitive drill by the several
teams of the camps of "Woodmen of the
"World, which followed the Initiation of
1642 strangers into the secrets of.wood
craft at Fernbrook Park on Saturday
night, waa not concluded until 1 o'clock
yesterday morning. By. unanimous j con
sent the team of Oakland' Camp was
awarded the first prize, a full-sized silver
ax, valued . at $50. •-' The . second prize, a
regulation sword, was by a vote of three
to two awarded to Golden Gate drill team,
which lost two points on account of one
member of the team making two false
movements. v ' *: '- • . " - • •»
itiation in Fernbrook
Park.
An Accident After the Woodmen's In-
aATTCATTP GETS THE AX
IN THE COMPETITIVE DBILL
Instead of being the victim of footpadr,
it has been learned that Lewis Morrison
was run over by a buggy last Thursday
night and that his frightful injuries about
the face and head were inflicted by the
hoofs of the horse and'the impact of tue
buggy, and not by; the blows of assail
ants. - • , - . ;
The veteran actor appeared at the dress
ing room of his wife, -Florence Roberta,
at the Alcazar Theater, . late Thursday
night, dazed and bleeding from wounds
in his face. He said he had been attacked
by footpads at Van Ness avenue and Ellis
street, had fought them and had been
beaten cruelly by them. ,.His account of
his mishap was published 'in The Call, and
Friday night a young man called at the
Morrison home, 922 Ellis street, and asked
for Mr. Morrison. Mrs. Morrison's mother,
Mrs. Thompson, said that he could not
be seen. The visitor said he had come to
explain that the actor had been' run over,
and not beaten by footpads, i
The young man's story was that he was
walking along Van Ness avenue when a
man in a buggy called to him and said he
had run over a man and wanted assist
ance. The two, after quieting the horse,
which was fractious, tried to get trie
injured man. into the, buggy, in order to
take him to ¦ a hospital, but he did not
understand what they were saying and he
struggled savagely and finally broke away
and ran down Ellis street.
The visitor felt sure that Mr. Morrison
is the man who was run over, and Miss
Roberts Is convinced of the truth of his
story- Mr. v Morrison, it is believed, whs
so dazed by his injuries that he thought
he had been knocked down and beaten by
the men who were trying to help him.
Mr. Morrison's condition Is greatly im
proved, and his physician says his re
covery will be rapid. ' . ,
Tour medicine chest' la incomplete If it Is
not stocked with Jesse Moore "AA", Whiskey.*
Amateur Injured.
v S. Bowes, of ,546 ¦? Minna street. In an
endeavor, to perform a j feat of athletics,
Md his arm ..broken- yesterday. The
injured member was set at the Emergency
Hospital. .- ...-.,..•
Over by a Reckless
Driver.
Lewis Morrison Run
Robert J. Hannan, John J. Rovegno, Walter
L Hannan, Antonio P. Martinelli, John J. Mur
ray, George E. Allen, Frank J. Moraglin, Peter
E- Ruggriero, Cerry J. Chiozzo, Louts A. . Quln
tonl, Andrew J. Rovegno. Leo J. Fitzpatrick,
Louis A. Vallero, Rudolph J. Mosconi, An
tonio L. Ravazzlnl, Henry J. Mosconi. Louis
J. Lezzari. Angelo A. • Arata, Enrico J. Lan
dacci. Attillo I~ Foppiano. Joe I* FillpelU,
Ang-elo J. Cordano, Victor .J Lucchetti, Joseph
L. TorasBO, Jean A. Volpone. Donato A. Costa,
Albert J. Demartlni, Julio J. Deluccbi, Emilio
J. Ravezzaitl, Silvio B. Dondero, Julius C.
Blanchi, John P. Cerelli. Alllnscn L.. Heuder-
Eon, Louis P. Semenza, Louis J. Beronio, Vic
tor J. Prato, Joseph D. Ferria, ! Antonio J.
Ratto, Albert J. Ariez, Amedio J. Foppiano,
Cesar J. Formo, Joseph C. Lercarl. Gus J.
Setaro, Frank M. Raggio; Antone J. Gotelll.
Frank J. Figoni, Louis J. Ferrari, David J.
Llnale, Attilio J. Dematei, Louis P. Molinan.
Baptist J. Ollva, John J. Copertonl, Elsie D.
Zocchi, Irene L. Maschenna, Millie V. Parenti,
Eda C. Demartlni, Mary T. Dematei, Emma
G. Freacarini. Elenor A. Capurro, Irene V.
Perrusio, Emella A. Brusco. Angelo G. Linari,
Anita G. Ciceroni, Allina H. Bacifcalupl, Eda
A. Garbanino, Rosie A. Rossi, Eda • C. de
Mlchelli. Adella V. Damazzonlo, Amalla C.
Grannucci. Elsie G. Talerl. Mary T. Wan, Liz
zie A. Baldocchi. Lillian A. Ciuocl. Jennie A.
Oliva. r>ella V. Ferrera, Josephine V. Blgnotti;
Eva A. Geovannonl, Leonora V. Costa, Susie
R. Salezzo, Eliti J. Pochint, Amelia A.
Ghictti. Amelia M. Boitano, Josie V. Mattioda.
Rose M. Delucchi. Susie A. Figoni, Susie C.
Lagromarsino, Ada T. Ridolfl, Mary A. Donati,
Stella A. Sawyer, Gutlia C Brizzolara, Ida A.
Valenti. Mary C. Sugliack. Mary C. Vai, Rosa
lind C. Vaccarr, Angelina T. Mussantl, Alma
C. Bacigalupl, Louise M. Demater, Cora V. De
martlni. Mary L. Bertucci, Albina L. ¦ Cavag
naro, Angelina V. Vlrgilio, Ella R Connolly,
Margaret V. Currey. Rosetta F. Curry, &Kr-
Earet M. Collins, Elizabeth E. Collins, Anna
L. M. Grannucci, Pauline M. Goetze, Emma
G. Free. Genevieve G. Kesslng and Margaret
G. V. Foppiano.
Those comprising the class presented for
confirmation were as follows:
sons learned on this occasion and remain
steadfast to the cause 'Of Catholicity. Ha
complimented, the priests in charge of the
church for the excellent work they had
so far accomplished.
THE members of the Tivoli Opera*
Company which went to Eureka
before the strike had a novel ex
perience on the homeward voy-
age. The steamer Pomona was
shorthanded and in order to fill out his
crew Captain Shay had to ship the sing
ers as deckhands, stewardesses, coal pass
ers and vaQuercs. There were ISO head of
cattle in the ship's hold that had to be
cared for, and the members of the chorus,
who were not seasick, found plenty to do
in feeding and watering the animals.
Work was found for all the others and
Captain Shay says they made a first-class
crew, and he would like to have kept
them.
3kliss Annie Meyers, the soubrette of the
company, had the choice of positions and
was installed as pilot. She helped the
ADMINISTERS
CONFIRMATION
Archbishop Officiates at
Italian Parish
Church.
Before an altar ¦beautifully decorated
with the choicest pink and white roses
and green ferns, through whose foliage
fairy lamps shone. Archbishop Rioroan
administered the sacrament of confirma
tion to a larse class at the Italian
Church of Sts. Peter and Paul, at the
corner of Filbert and Dnpont streets, yes
terday afternoon. An immense congrega
tion, friends and relatives of the young
confinnants, filled the entire edifice.
Within the sanctuary and assisting the
Archbishop were the Rev. Father Ones
sinrus. Q. F. M.: the Rev. P. Butler, S. J.;
the Rev. A- Santandreau of the Spanish
church, the Rev. Father Gualco of Chico,
the Rev. Father Pipemen, the pastor, and
Fathers Bos and Redahan of the Silesian
order in' charge of the parish. The chil
dren, were in charge of Father Redahan
and the Sisters of the Holy Family. The
sponsors were Mrs. Dr. Pescla and \Dr.
Cagllerl. . .
During: the services the choir, under the
direction of Miss L. Spadena and assisted
by her sister. Miss Alice. Dr. Bonini and
Professor Zani. rendered a number of
choice selections.
A glowing tribute to the faith and devo
tion of the Italian people to the Catholic
church waa paM by the Archbishop dur
ing the course of his sermon. He advised
them to follow up to the letter the- les-
Harry Cashman was given charge of the
winch, while Joseph Fogarty was classed
as an A. B. and Tom Guise as a fireman.
Edward Webb was shipped as second
cook and made a very able assistant to
the chef, so the captain says. The others
swear, however, that they will never
again ship on a vessel of which he is sec
ond in command in the cookshop.
Ferris Hartman was boson for the
voyage and says he learned a whole lot
of wrinkles which will come in handy if
he ever again has to take the Dart of
Dick Deadeye. Ferris tells plaintively
that when the order "all hands-on deck"
was given he placed his there and Edward
Webb stepped on them.
captain to take the midday observation
and gave orders to the crew. She proved
herself a rigid disciplinarian and made
the singers do their work thoroughly.
FOOTPADS NOT
HIS ASSAILANTS
Miss Hardin, the leading soprano of the
company, signed articles : as stewardess
and Miss Holmes was her assistant. There
waa not a mishap during the voyage, al
though some of the crew did not feel very
well while the Pomona was crossing Hum
boldt bar. All in all, they. were a very
jolly crowd on the steamship, and one and
all of them would like to make another
voyage under similar circumstances. The
company did remarkably well at Eureka
and promised the townfolk- another visit
next year. _
1 Tom only paid one visit to the flreroom
during the voyage and then he had to be
sent on deck In an ash bucket. Fogarty's
first Job was to. make a long splice, but
when he told the captain on the quiet that
the only job he had ever done in that line
was splicing the main brace he was given
easier work. ' — ¦
SOME OF THE. TIVOLI FAVORITES IN NEW ROLES ABOARD THE STEAMER POMONA. IN ORDER TO
GET HOME FROM EUREKA THEY HAD TO SIGN ARTICLES AND HELP TO^AVIGATE THE VESSEL TO
SAN FRANCISCO.
One prisoner came home on the trans
port. He Is Curtis JX Selbert, late pri
vate in Company C, Twenty-second Infan
try. He wiil be sent to Alcatraz to com
plete his sentence.
Lieutenant Potter is the son-in-law of
Dr. McNutt. He managed to get ashore
in & launch and joined his wife and
friends on the transport wharf, where
they had been waiting over four hours
for him.
Colonel T. C Lebo, Fourteenth United States
Cavalry; Colonel E> A, Garlington, Inspector
general's department; Lieutenant Colonel J.
T. Kirkmaa. retired ; Captain Benjamin Alvord.
Twentieth United States Infantn-; Captain G.
C. Bamhardt. Fifteenth United States Cavalry:
Captain Kdward L. Glasg-ow, Eleventh United
Ftates Cava!ry; Captain <X B. Myer. Fourteenth
United States Cavalry; Captain K. Walker,
Fourteenth United States Cavalry; Captain E.
1* Phillips, Thirteenth United States Cavalry:
Lieutenant C i\ Humphrey, Seventeenth
United &tates Infantry" Lieutenant A. H.
Potter, Twelfth United States Cavalry; Lieu
tenant Victor Blue, United States navy; Cap
tain W* B. Lemly, United States Marine Cvps;
Lewis A. Thompson, contract surgeon; Walter
S, Griffin, contract surreon; Richard M. Eng
lish, contract surg-eon; William Dona van, con
tract eurgeon; Major S, T. Armstrong, sur
geon United States Volunteers; Captain George
\\\ Green, Thirty-ninth Infantry, United States
Volunteers: Captain H. A. Hutching, Thirty-
Feventh Infantry, United States Volunteers;
Captain Charles S. Burns, Forty-second Infan
try. United States Volunteers; Captain Charles
E. McDonald, assistant surgeon United States
Volunteers ; Captain W, H. Point, Thirty-sixth
Infantn-, United States Volunteers; Captain C.
C Smith, Twenty-eighth Infantry. United
States army; Cajftaln William M..Sehoneld,
Thirty-first Infantry. United States Volunteers;
Captain John Boarflman, Twenty-sixth Infan
try. United States Volunteers; Captain B. H.
Wells. Twenty-ninth Infantry. United Sfates
army: Captain Cushman A. Rice, Thirty-fourth
Infantry. United States Volunteers; Lieutenant
John J. Lipop, Thirty-third Infantry, United
States Volunteers; Lieutenant T. H. Under
wood. Twenty-sixth Infantry. United States
Volunteers; Lieutenant James K. Johnson,
Forty-sixth Infantry. United States Volunteers;
Lieutenant A. M. Ferguson. Thirty-sixth In
fantry, United States Volunteers; Lieutenant
Carrol Power. Thirty-third Infantry. United
States Volunteers; Lieutenant Leis H. Leaf,
Forty-third Infantry. United States Volunteers;
Mrs. G. C Earnhardt, Mrs. W. H. Point, Mrs.
B. H. Wella, Mrs. K. W\ Johnson, Mrs, Paul
ShIIlock, Mrs, E. Lewis, Mrs. A. V. P. Ander
son. Mrs. C H. Morgan. Mrs. S. C Sammels,
Mrs. Victor Blue. Miss B. R_ Slaughter, Mrs.
Teresa Dean. Miss Mary Vedder, Miss Anna
Roth. Miss Mary E. McRae, Miss Louisa M.
Camp'.n, George Stcney, Vi", H. Rncker and A.
Hutchinson.
There were two deaths during: the voy
aga. Oscar S. JCaylor of the hospital
corps died from consumption on August
6 and Allen Anderson, a private in Com
pany M, Fifteenth Infantry, died yester
day morning from consumption when the
ship was within sight of land. The re
mains, along with those of First Lieu
tenant S. F. Massey* Fifth Artillery, re
tired, who died in Manila, are on board.
The Sumner broug-ht over sixty-two
cabin passengers, six second cabin, nine
teen enlisted men, three discharged sol
diers and 171 convalescents. She took
aboard at Kobe sis Japanese firemen and
as these were not included in the bill of
health they had to be landed at the
quarantine station before the vessel was
passed by the doctor. This delayed
things, and it was 7 p. m. before the
transport got to the wharf. Then the
tide was running hard and she had to
go into the stream and anchor until the
Slocum got back from the quarantine sta
tion.
Those who came home in the cabin on
the Sumner were:
¦ The United States army transport Sum
ner arrived from Manila via Nagasaki
yesterday* She brings home a lot of sick
soldiers and It was- thought Captain
Daker would come via Honolulu. Instead
he oame by the way of the great circle
and grot in unexpectedly.
Comes by Way of the Great
Circle and Gets in Ahead
of Time.
Brings a Large Number
of Convalescent
Soldiers.
SUMNER BACK
FROM MANILA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 12, 1901;
Steamship Shorthanded at Eureka and Unable to-Get; Away, So
Ferris Hartman and Others of the Troupe Sign Articles* •
TIVOLI ROAD COMPANY PLAYS
AT SAILORING ON f HE POMONA
10
&OLDBERO. BOTOH * CCS SPECIAL SAVXHS 8ALB
Toilet paper
Belvidere-«ctra-i2ooo sheets <i T Trt
reg'ly %\ 50 ? 1 I O
To ilet soap
• Colgate's Turkish bath - P o «
regly6ocdo Z S<*
W a ter pails
Fiber— reg'ly 40c
£>ust pan and brush
Steel edge— reg'ly 25c 20c
floor dusting brush— reg'ly 35c 25c
Send postal for August Catalog
432 Pine 3 ,2 Sutter a8oo California San Frantfs<»
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
: .ANNUAL
FALL
J.^ /A JL-^ JEZ-^
" • ' TTTl • I • TY1 1
Fine Wlite Blanketc
This week we will Dlace on sale about 65
CASES WHITE BLANKETS, Just .fleliYeped
to us hu the WOOLEN MILLS OF THIS CITY,
These goods were made to our order, are
sueciallu fine cnialitu, and are for SINGLE,^
THREE-QUARTER, DOUBLE and EXTRA
LARGE BEDS, The prices commence at $3,00
Dair and range ud to $13.00, Dair. Most of
them are made from IMPORTED AUSTRA-
LIAN WOOL and have extra wide -Taffeta
RiMon hindingi We call the particular at-
tention of our customers and large huuers of -
Blankets to this sale, as the goods will he sold
very cheaD.
See Large Window Display fop
Qualities and Pricey.
\\\. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
IS A GREAT, RESTORATIVE. INVIGORa-
tor fand Xervlne.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac end Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
«ys and Bladder. Bells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agent*.
- » Market st.. 6. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
Damiana Bitters
BAJA CALIFORNIA
fW FAVORBTE
FOR WEAEiWOMEM.
'Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
'Replaced' for Hfly Cents.
Any Astigmafc Lens Duplicate 1 for
91. OO to «/.5Or
Oculists' Presents. Filled. Phor.*— Main 10.
Quick Repairing, Factory on Premises.
OPTI CJANS hic APWRAr «.
S4Z Market 5t. instruments
uMotR CMROMtCLE BUILOIH&. CATALOGUE TREE.
STRIKING TIMES
—AND...
STRIKING PRICES
FOR CASH
McGOY &JESBITT'S.
FLOUR, Sr&Sir?" per sack 85c
EGGS, best fancy . selected,' doz 25c
Shipped to tif direct Re*.' 80c. '
COCOA, Gh "-- d « I »»^jRJs&i •' 20c
Regr. 25c. . - - ':"¦ } <
CHOCOLATE, SSsa'Rft-..:" 1 . 25c
Beg. 30c. ?-.....,, ... • . .„.
HflPFFF Mocha and Java • -Ocl
uUrrCC, blend, per lb • • • • • • ZOC
Can't be beat for flavor. Reg. 2Sc '
COFFEE, Kona, a8reatfatf p °e? 1 e 5.. 20c
You may pay 40c for not as good.
TEA, of all varieties, s b ffi d P c crlo 40c
All new Teas. ] Beg; 60c.
PORTER, C( SSa...... 50c
A sure winner. Regr. 25c bottle
WHISKEY, J.F.Cutter'ifbest.. 70c
. A well-known brand, Reg. 90c
PORT or SHERRY VKINE, bt "» 25c
Customers eay It's worth 60c.
Call and get a list of cur money-savins prices.
3002-3004 Sixteenth St., Cor. Mission.
.Phone Mission 233.
1204 MARKET ST.,
Sells nice things fsr men to 'wear
at
"Ycur Bosom Friend."
JOHN T- GIBSON
Near Golden Gate ave^ and is opm
till 6 P. M.
Phoac Fclscm 438.
A beautiful line of up^tcdatc
Colsred Shirts that will not fade
on sale this -week at SI 00 each.
IA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOHNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, ' Claus Spreclcel» Bid*.
• _ , . Telephone Brown 831.
Residence, 821 California bC. below Powell.
Ean Francisco.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
61 pep Year*
f EEEY CALL
Molasses
For ginger bread— New Orleans r 're
reg'ly 75c gallon 55 C
Lavender— violet— for the bath ¦ « - n
reg'ly 30c bottle 2 5 C
T oil e t am m o n i a
Corn and Succotash
Sea foam — best Maine— 2 cans ace
reg'iy 1 5c can ; . dozen $ I ' 40
P o, r, t e r — ale
White label-Bass' ale— <*«
Guinness' porter-reg'ly $2 25 and $2 *
W h i s k e y V
Old Crow bourbon 1893 bottle $1 2** ¥1
Hermitage R^e 1S94 bottle 1 25 1
gallons 4
Coc.k.tai Is
Imperial— 6 kinds _
Ready to use— reg'ly Si 25 bot 9 0C
Re i s-1 i n g
Mountain white wine a "_
reg'ly $1 gallon , °5 C
C an die d fruits
French glace' including pine- A ~ n
apple fritters— reg'ly, 50c lb ¦ . ' ' ' n -Ut '
Salad dressing
Sierra Madre — \ : . : ¦ / n -
reg'ly 30c bottle 2 5 C
Pine a p pi e
Singapore Sliced reg'ly 20c 15 c
" " 25c 20 c
11 whole " 25c 22JC
Anker beef tea capsules — * : ¦>- ' 2 CC
easily made— reg'ly 30c box of 10 ->
Catsup
Our bottling— natural and I cc
sweet— reg'ly 20c bottle
Bouillon
S a r dines
Royans with truffle and
pickle— a happy change 2 cans 2CC
reg'ly 15c can
Ferris' — costs more-but —
reg'ly 22>£c lb
Bac on
Uneeda.biscuits— 3 days " , pkge 05c
Uneeda milk biscuits — 3 days " 05c
Kennedy's oysterettes— 3 days " ; . 05c
Zu Zu snaps— 3 days " 05 c
taste them at the counter
C off e e ~
Kona (Hawaiian)— freshly 2OC
roasted— reg'ly 25c lb
Our name on a label is a
seal of quality — quality
never sacrificed for price
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
U n e eda b i scuit
GOLDBERG
BDWEM
& CO
QOLDBEKO. BOWEN ft CO'S SPECIAL BATIKS 8AL1
[mow 1
I n Xhis Great Tral* fl
I A " D runs but twlet |
noison ==£¦
THE teavlng at 9 in, |
Itantveslo |
AiiiMHiiii Chicago at 2.13 I
LI ml ILL) nshlflHitandardc
of servlco is
011 ' . tally maintained B
.aiiiti rp i
Ha G,'UH A. vkanab H d ¦¦> V3
-f^^^^^^^^s j uulll IN uullS a uullin£
»^ 4 u sh ° W its beaut y at the best. For
Jjjj-jBg;^j^^^^^^^&s!^/ jj5if?SjL" that reason you need a china closet
Will and e l egant J " '^sh.irom-whichySl!
' lofe^d^T^ egCtthe
JH ¦iiiilii§l =liP^? kmii 10 Per Cent Disccmnt for cash.
THE MONEY-SAVING' FUR
lWp/wU! yj^^^ s mm.L:^ niture ; and carpet house
_¦ _ ¦ Cash or. credit. ; > -
KRAGEN FURNITURE C0,' < SSas t
ADVESTISEliENTS.