SAN* FRANCISCO; THURSDAY
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 125.
TERMS Of ACREEMENT THAT
BRINGS INDUSTRIAL PEACE
7 HE terms of peace submitted to the executive committee of
the Draymen's Association by the strike leaders, through
the mediation of Governor Gage, and accepted by the com
mittee, and afterward ratified by the Draymen's Association in
regular meeting, and by the City Front Federation and the Broth
eHxood of Teamsters, are substantially as follows: '
• The. Draymen's Association, through its executive commit
tee, guarantees that the wages, hours and overtime schedule in
force before the inception of the strike shall not be disturbed
zvithin a year; it agrees that former \. employes shall be rein
stated SO far* as possible, but does not promise the discharge
of efficient non-union inen, and it agrees that there shall be no
discrimination against union men.
-The City Front Federation and the Brotherhood of Team
sters agree that the teamsters' strike and the sympathetic general
strike shall be declared off and the mm left free to return to
zvork. Employes arc to. obey orders given by the employer in the
regular course of business. : ""0': .
return to their former jobs In so far aa
those places are open for them. The
draymen have. signed a guarantee that for
a .year the wages, hours and overtime
schedule in force before the Inception of
fe»m-^llE strike of the uniops afflli-
H ' v atea wltn tne Clt y Front Fed
': H ' " '¦' eration • was declared • off : at ¦ 4
S "' oc^ oc^ ' yesterday afternoon,"
JBL . -.¦; and' this •morning, the - 15,000
" , -• members who -have -been' idle
t ' t '¦¦-¦' for more than nine weeks will
Continued on Page Twdw
Continued 1 on "Page Five.
-A : glance around" Trinity Church showed
zealous -priests whose 'hair; has whitened
in^the course of their labors, while ' newly
ordained clergy,; joined with ; their eiders
in ; the spiritual work of .tneir faith." Mag-'
nates in the world o^^ finance!. took ipart
in^ the . solemn services, having £ no more
privileges than the humblest.' worker.
tESTERDAT was a' red-letter
' day in 'the annals of the Epis
' copal church and of the city
, of San Francisco. , The' open
! Ing. of ¦'. the Triennial General
Convention of the | American
church was marked by a gathering of
some • of the most prominent men In the
country. San Francisco '. has heretofore
witnessed.' religious . gatherings ' great . in
point of numbers, but ' none 'greater .than
the . one', that 'convened .yesterday when
considered* from the standpoint of the in
tellectuality and distinction of .those who
participated in the proceedings at Trinity
Church. '¦¦ v
'•The presence ; of sixty-seven Bishops of
the Episcopal "church of : Amerlca,
two Lord ''Bishops : of .. the Church of
England .' and : 350 . American ! clergymen
and'. _:laymen,, really/ represented 'more
than , 5000 1 churches and missions, . having
an aggregate' congregation ' of more than
1,000,000' people. . . •> . . .. • - ' '-'; :
' Those -i .who were ; fortunate ,. enough • to
atterid<the opening services In Trinity
Churchy yesterday / morning *j saw -many
men whose, names are a power in religious
affairs;; arid -'In* the'; worldVof commerce
gathered .together 'for ' the * cause of the
church to which they ' have 'devoted years
of' toil.— " ' '¦¦;'' " t ;.'¦.¦' ,':¦/ jf- r .' :
. ' Gathering of Great Men. -
SCENE INSIDE TRINITY EPISCOPAL CHURCH DURING "Jf HE IMPRESSIVE MORNI NG(SBR VICES;' •
Draymen Give a Year's
Guarantee That Wages
HiSiniliiiiBiiiii
Agreements -Signed by the
Leaders Are in Hands
Wml of Q o ve r n o r.
INDUSTRIAL
PEACE AGAIN
HOLDS SWAY
Episcopalian Church Convention.
M0NY PRELATES
PARTICIPATE IN
SOLEMN SERVICE
Bishops in Robes of Office March
in Stately Parade Down Aisle
of Trinity Church.
Bo'tl) Houses of Churcl) Council
Meet and Without Delay' Per- f
feet Their Orgaoizatioos.
GENERAL STRIKE ENDS AND MEN
WILL RETURN TO WORK TO -DAY
The San Francisco Call¦ . . and Mason streets. As the re
sult John E. Hopkins, better known as
the "Zebra," a union teamster, lies in
the Receiving Hospital with a bullet
wound in his thigh, while William Mc-
Grath, a special officer, who is employed
by the Overland Transfer Company, is
locked up in tho City Prison charged with
having shot Hopkins. The latter in the
hot "mix-up" was also shot in the leg.
The shooting occurred shortly atterll
o'clock, when Market street was crowded
with theater-goers on their way to their
homes. According to McGrath's story he
was walking Along Mason street with two
friends, named Halloran and McDonald,
when he noticed Hopkins and a .half
dozen other teamsters following him.
Realizing that they meant to injure him
McGrath, 'whc» is deemed an unusually
game fellow by his employers, suddenly
turned around and asked Hopkins, whom
he knew, what he meant by following him
and his two friends. With an oath Hop
kins whipped out his revolver and fired at
the special. The latter quickly drew his
revolver and emptied it at his assailant.
Dash Over Olympia Stage.
. Hopkins, although seriously wounded,
continued to shoot at McGrath. Billy
Patton, another union, teamster, who
was with Hopkins, also took a hand in the
shooting. Whil&Nhe was blazing away at
McGratn Harry Rosseter of the firm of
Kosseter & Co. stepped up and took the
smoking pistol from him.
By this time Policemen Driscoll,
Matthewson and Coleman appeared on tho
scene and arrested Hopkins and Patton.
McGrath was also taken into custody.
Shortly after the shooting commenced,
Mc-Grath's two friends started down
Market street, pursued by at least a half
dozen murderous union men. Seeing that
they could not escape, the men ran into a
lodging house above Powell street, expect
ing that their pursuers would not attempt
to further foflovr them. Just as they
reached the top of the stairway one of the
teamsters fired two shots at the . fleeing
men, but failed to hit them. Seeing that
the quarry had escaped the bullets, the
crowd of union men followed the two men
into the house, firing after them. Mc-
Donald and Halloran ran along the hall
way and emerged on the Eddy street side.
Running up tne latter street they darted
into the Olympia Theater, followed by the
angry crowd. Seeing that the teamsters
were still after them, the two frightened
men jumped on the stage, upsetting the
ecenery in their mad effort to escape their
furious pursuers.
Had McGrath on Their List.
Fortunately for them. Captain Wittman
and a strong posse of officers appeared
and after a short conflict put the luiion.
men to flight. McDonald and Halloran
were then escorted to their homes.
"We were quietly walking along the
street," said McGrath in giving his ver
sion of the shooting, "when suddenly, I
saw Hopkins and Patton, together with a
number of other teamsters, following us.
I scented serious trouble and, turning to
them, asked them what they wanted. For
a reply Hopkins drew his revolver fcn<l
fired at me. I quickly returned the fire,
when Patton joined in the shooting. I
shot low purposely, as I was afraid of
hitting some innocent person.
"Hopkins has frequently declared , that
he would 'get me' on account of the part
I took in defending ' the non-union men
who were attacked by strikers in the
barn of. tho Overland Transfer Company.
"As I understood that the strike was
settled I went out with my two friends,
never dreamine that I would be at
tacked.'"
Hopkins, shortly after being taken to
the Receiving Hospital, was visited by
Michael Casey; president of the Team
sters' Union. He refused to make a state
ment, except to say that McGrath had
sent word to him that he was going to
whip him and, thinking he meant it, he
went looking for him.
WILL NOT DISCUSS TERMS.
Furuseth Says the Governor Must Do
the Talking. . -
"You can go to work in the morning.
Now go home and go to bed."
In these words Andrew Furuseth, chair
man of the executive committee of the
City Front Federation, announced last
night at the federation headquarters
that peace had been declared in that
section of the local labor world in which
the federation has been waging war.
The announcement was received with
which spoke volumes and there
were tears in the eyes of some of the
older members as they passed quiciHy
down the steep stairs to carry the good
news home to those to, whom "strike"
means "suffering.'.'
Although the news of the settlement of
the trouble had been circulated through
out the city -during the afternoon - those
most vitally interested refused to accept
it as positive until the action of the ex
ecutive committee had been formally rat
ified. Outside the doors of the room in
which, this ratification was to be made
was gathered- a crowd of anxious toilers,
ail of them wearied- of the conflict, all
of them hoping the pood news was true,
but many of them full of doubt and all
hungry. for the certainty. •• ¦ . ¦ -.
When the doors opened and the news
of the ratification was announced cheer
after cheer burst forth.
¦ "That's the best speech Andrew ever
made," was the exclamation from one
middle-aged sailprman as he tripped
down the- stairs two steps at a time,
emitting "Hurrahs" at every jump.
Furuseth declined to discuss the terms
of settlement. He said it had been
agreed to give nothing in this regard for
publication except such as Governor
Gage should consider necessary. The
matter had been left entirely in the
hands of the chief executive and the
officers of the City Front Federation had
promised to remain absolutely silent as
far as the public was concerned.
"The action of the executive commit
tee'has bedn ratiffed. " The strike is. off
and there will be no mass-meeting to
morrow night." This was ! all the man
behind the late strike would say. " -. -;
While the leaders decline to discuss the
matter the really -. interested parties to
tho settlement are frank in thir expres
sions of Joy at this ending to the strug
gle. They care neither whether they won
nor whether, they lost.: VWe can go to
work to-morrow" was the burden of their
song and it was the cheeriest'. music the
water front has heard for many- a day. •
For the first time in quite a while men
gathered along the front in groups.
Everybody was in good humor and there
was never a "Move on" from the mem
bers of Chief Sullivan's water front
squad, who are probably as highly
pleased at the termination of the trouble
as any of the strikers. Pickets who on
Monday night stood their vigllsvbehind
barricades were last night shaking hands
In ¦.•.the- full;- blaze of Market. -street's
brightest lights with Lieutenant Price
and Sergeants Blank and Brophy. It waa
peace, •¦; from • Melg-gs ; wharf to the Mail
dock. -.,.. -. . . . . •.
PUBLIC EXPBESSES r JOY;
Settlement of- the Great i Strike Dis
; cussed by All Classes.
It; was. an evening of unalloyed enjoy
ment to thousands 'of citizens last night
when the news of the settlement of the
strike of the teamsters and the City Front
Federation spread like wildfire » to every
part of the city. Men discussed it on the
street corners with satlsf action and hun
dreds of housewives whoso, larders have
been for weeks gainfully destitute of sup
plies in* consequence of the flght in which
their husbands were engaged embraced
Governor Gage said at that time that a
further statement might be issued at S
o'clock, but at that hour he said only
At 5 o'clock Governor Gage issued h;3
statement to the press— which is printed
In full in this connection— announcing that
after full consideration by both sides
"terms and conditions were arrived at ac
ceptable to both, and that I am author
ized by officers of both contending parties
to declare the teamsters' strike and the
collateral and sympathetic strikes or lock
outs originating from the teamsters'
strike are at an end. .which 'I hereby do."
In consideration of the guarantee given
by the draymen the strike leaders at once
declared the strike off and gave to Gov
ernor Gage a guarantee that the members
of the unions would be permitted to go
back to work under the terms stated.
Peace was accomplished at a meeting
yesterdav afternoon in the office of R. P.
Schwerin, vice president and general man
ager of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany, between Governor Gage and the
executive committee of the Draymen's
Association. This conference was the last
of a series of meetings between the em
ployers and Mr. Schwerin as a representa
tive of the Governor, at which terms of
peace ¦which the strike leaders had
authorized the Governor to make were
under consideration. These terms, em
bodied in written guarantees, were
formally accepted at 4 o'clock and duly
eigned. a.nd by authority previously given
him by the strike leaders and concurred
!n at that time by the officers' of the
Draymen'B Association Governor Gage in
formed the newspapers by telephone that
the strike was declared off, and he ex
pressed the willingness to give to their
representatives a statement concerning
the consummation of the peace negotia
tions, it having been agreed that the
Governor alone should give to the press
whatever Information was deemed advis
able for the public to have for the pres
ent.
Governor Issues Statement.
Strike Is Declared Off.
the strike sha'.l not be disturbed. The
guarantee has been accepted by the strike
leaders, and tne Brotherhood of Team
sters and the unions that went out in
sympathy with it have released their men
and instructed them to return to work.
The wheels of industry will once more
move unclogged. '1 he full complement of
drays will again be sent out and the pro
tection of policemen will no longer be
necessary. Longshoremen, sailors, ma
rine firemen and other laborers along the
water front will take up the welcome bur
den of daily toil, guards will be removed
from wharves and gates will be thrown
open again. To-day will see a trans
formation in th<=> wholesale district and at
the docks through the abandonment of
all the safegnards and devices made
necessary by the abnormal conditions that'
obtained during the strike.
The controversy between the draymen
and the teamsters led to the general
strike, and the settlement of that contro
verEv removes all cause for the continu
ance of the general strike. The draymen
do not agree to any concessions against
which they previously took a stand, but
they give the teamsters the protection of
a guarantee, delivered into the hands of_
Governor Gag-, that wages will not be"
cut. hours of the workday increased or
pay for overtime decreased during the pe
riod of a year. They agree further to re
instate as many of their former employes
as they have places for, but do not agree
to discharge non-union men who have
given satisfaction in order to make room
for. the union men. There is to be no dis
crimination against union men, but all
employes are to obey orders in regard to
the conduct of the employers' business.
Continued From Page One.
The fear on the part of the strikers that
a return to work would be followed by
serious cuts in wages and lengthening of
the work-day has been a stumbling-block
for weeks In the way of a settlement of
the controversy. While individual em
ployers asserted that no reduction in
wages or changes In hours would be
made, the teamsters felt that some pro
tection was needed, and the scheme of
the guarantee to be placed in the hands
of the Governor was devised.
Governor Gage at the Palace Hotel last
evening declined to make known the
terms on which the strike was settled, but
said the settlement was fully accom
plished. In reply to questions he said
that the agreement was in writing, signed
by the duly authorized representatives of
the Draymen's Association, the Brother
hood of Teamsters and the City Front
Federation. He stated that the . agree
ment, signed and sealed, -was in his pos
session. When asked If the Employers'
Association was a party to the adjust
ment he replied that he did not wish to
speak on that subject. He said that ne
gotiations In the progress of the settle
ment were conducted in writing, and for
that reason muoh time was taken to bririg
about the adjustment.
The negotiations that resulted in the
settlement of the controversy yesterday
apparently had their beginning in two in
dependent efforts at mediation. Mayor
Phelan,- in a sisrned statement given to
The Call last night, says that a few days
ago he secured a meeting between two
men, representatives of the two sides to
the labor controversy, and that it was
there agreed that the interpretation of
paragraph four of M. F. Michael's letter
of August 2 was the only thing" that stood
in the way of settlement; that an inter
pretation was agreed upon, and that only
the method of announcing this agreement
was left undetermined. Governor Gage,
Mayor Phelan says, was chosen, subse
quently it is presumed, to make the an
nouncement and declare the strike ended.
Governor Gag-e was -authorized some
days ago to present peace proposals on
behalf of the City Front Federation and
the Brotherhood of Teamsters to the Em
ployers' Association. R. P. Schwerin. rep
resenting the Governor, laid those propo
sals before the executive committee of
the Employers* ' Association. Several
meetings were held, at the last of which,
held Tuesday afternoon, the proposals
were put into terms agreeable to the em
ployers and the committee gave its ap
proval and advised the executive commit
tee of the Draymen's Association to meet
Governor Gage and sign the guarantee if
the terms should meet the approval of the
draymen. ...
Draymen Meet Governor.
The executive committee of the Dray
men's Association was requested yester
day at 10 o'clock to meet Governor Gage
at 2:15 in the office of R. P. Schwerin in
the Wells-Fargo building. The members
complied with the request, and at the ap
pointed hour Charles L.. Tilden, presi
dent; George Renner, vice president an<l
manager, and James McNab, Daniel Cut
ter, Charles Everett and M. Strauss were
lit Mr. Schwerin's office. Governor Gas«,
Mr. Schwerin and Dan Kevane were the
others present at the conference.
The two guarantees to be placed in the
keeping of the -Governor were read to the
draymen. The one. ;that of the strike
leaders, had been signed by the officers
of the City Front Federation and the
Brotherhood of Teamsters. The other
was ready to be signed by the officers of
the draymen's organization. The ques
tion was discussed in all its phases and
the agreements gone over with care to
insure a/perfect understanding of their
provisions. After the committee had
agreed to approve the terms submitted.
President Tilden and Manager Renner af
fixed their signatures and' the meeting
was brought to a closer
Cut in Wages Feared. •
that both guarantees were signed and
pealed and w-ere in his possession, and
that he did not deem it wise to go further
into' details for the present.
GENERAL STRIKE ENDS.
Both Sides Preserve Silence Regarding Terms of Settlement.
Belligerent Union Men Pursue and Try to -Kill Special Policeman.
PEACE DECLARATION BRINGS JOY
IN RANKS OF LOCAL LABOUR HOSTS
For side rides to .points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention, tickets, friend3 accompanying
and holders of nine months'- excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, Septe&iber 23 ~to
November. 10 inclusive. Limit . SO days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call- at Santa Fe offices.
641 Market st., and ferry depoti "
Special Bates
PORT COSTA. Oct. 2.— President Luce
,of the Warehousemen's. Union 'from
Crockett arrived here this afternoon and
notified the men that i the strike was
called off and that' they could return to
work. The employers say they will take
the men back, paying them 30 cents per
hour for ten hours* work. The^men will
not agree to this proposition:*.' '-• - •
Under these conditions the stevedores
will not be allowed to- work, because dt
¦sympathy with the warehousemen. The
.settlement of the strike in- San Francisco
will not change- tlie 'situation- here "unless
.the employers agree, to. pay. 39.- cents- an
hour for nine hours work, ar(d'r40 c«nia
an hour overtime." • T • . - / /. * ;'. „ -.
Port Costa Warehousemen May 'Not
• ; -Resume Work. : ' v.»>?
WAKT NINE-HOXTB DAY.
tlieir children .and whispered' softly that
the clouds*, that had darkened their young
lives had been dissipated by -the 'sunshine
of peace. v " \ •; .' ¦
The scenes about the .bulletins posted
in front of the newspaper offices suffi
ciently attested the general satisfaction
with which. the announcement of the in
dustrial peace was received. Prominent
business men elbowed the strikers in the
crowds that assembled In front of The
Cal/ building, all animated by the samo
impulse— that of ascertaining the minute
details of the peace negotiations. In the
cn>wd were many women, wives and
dajjghters Of strikers, to whom the infor
mation that the strike was. declared off
wa.s as marina -from heaven. < They ex
pfefesed their satisfaction without reserve.'
'Jiheir feelings had been' long repressed for
fpe sake at, a principle.. but: now that the
long struggle was at: an; end the princi
ple which had' -,for- many weeks deprived
them of the common necessities of life
and rendered the' battle fqr existence a
bitter and despairing struggle was lost
sight of in the " exquisite delight of the
moment. No more sleepless nights for
these suffering women and children; no
more fear that the, effort to provide food
for wives and children would be rewarded
with the brutal maiming: of devoted hus
bands and fathers at the hands of un
principled men. No wonder, therefore,
that among these people the news of
peace was as water to the flower parching
in the desert.
Wherever the strike had cast its blight
ing shadow the news of -Us -adjustment
was. hailed.. with joy. r^In the clubs, work
shops, stores, saloons and business places
of every description crowds gathered arid
expressed contentment at- the 'Sudden-"end-
Ing/df^the mighty struggled That it
means much to the city aJl agree. The
struggle has cost the workingtnen en
gaged a : matter of 51,580,000 . in \wagea
alone. .This does, not include the loss to
business men,, employers, manufacturers
and other interests, which have suffered
incalculable .damage in the past two
months. That the settlement should come
as it did, with the most cordial senti
ments toward each other by the contend-
.Am.ong.the business ; men '• likewise the
Information ' was received with undis
guised satisfaction. • The draymen espe
cially were overjoyed. They had made a
gallant fight against odds.rand they were
satisfied with the result. Owners of teams
hacLvaiorously driven" their own trucks at
great inconvenience for weeks, and thra
knowledge that their ¦ hour of drudgery
was "fiast-r was . as j the inhalation of pure
or:one to: a man after a nigiit spent in a
cave; :¦;. The draymen did not gloat over
their victory, but they manfully made their
plans for the morrow.. For the first tlmi
in many weary, weeks they met their em
ployes without resentment. The settle
ment-of the strike had brought out their
better qualities and they clasped hands
as of old with mutual pledges of good will
and respect.- .'- . . '.'•¦¦;- '¦
ED ROSENBERG, Secretary.
Information of the settlement of the
strike was conveyed to the Sand Team
sters' Union at the regular weekly meet
ing held last night. The news was hailed
with joy. All the members signified their
intention of returning to work this morn
ing. As a great number of the sand
teamsters own their own teams, they will
.. Tho Governor of California has declared the
strike of the transportation workers and col
lateral and sympathetic strikes with them off.
Nothing need* be added to that, except that
Governor Gage alwaja quotes- his authorities
correctly, always knows what lie is doing. Let
us all be grlad and thankful that these days of
trial- and tribulation are past. , Let "us also un
derstand, however, that the -beatific state of
the mlllenlumhas not arrived : that there will
be in this great industrial canter-disputes be
tween man and ¦ man, between employer and
employe. This can and ought to be empha
sized; a general strike of all workers has been
averted. Both employers and employes have
recognized for the last five months that they
have been walking on dangerous ground. The
peace this day concluded piyes firmer footing.
Let us try to keep it. As to "the dispute of the
iron trades— they went out f dr. the nine-hour
day on May 20 and are still determined to
stand out for it. The resources of the Labor
Council, of the labor movement will now be
turned to their support.
* By. order of the executive committee of the
San Francisco Labor Council.
-. W. H. GOFF. President
Regarding the settlement the executive
committee issued the following statement:
The executive committee of the Labor
Council held a meeting last night for the
purpose of considering the terms of the
strike settlement. The members all ex
pressed delight over the return of indus
trial peace. The committee officially sent
notification's to the various unions that
were cut on strike informing them that
the aifficulties'had been adjusted and that
the members were free to return to work
this morning. "
After the -meeting Secretary Rosenberg
stated that all the boycott^ that had
emanated from, the strike would be de
clareJ off at the *next meeting of the
Labor Council. ¦ ¦ ' , • - .
Labor Council Issues Statement Ke
• . garding Feace.
UNIONS ABE NOTIFIED.
Owing to tbe adjustment of the strike,
street sweeping- and sprinkling will one©
more be performed In a thorough manner.
Harry. Gray of Gray Bros., who have th©
contract for keeping the streets in .a
sanitary condition, stated that the team
sters who were formerly employed by^s
firm would be taken back to work, at
least as many as. could be accommodated.
During - the strike Gray Bros, were
deserted by their entire force- of teamsters,
.but .for. the sake of the health of the city
the Brotherhood of Teamsters allowed;
those .men who owned their own teams to
work for the Street-Sweeping Department
under the protection of the city. In this
manner the street sweeping and sprink
ling was partly performed. Gray Brds.
expect to have a competent force of meii
and teams at work within a few days. ; .
Business Agent Harper stated' that sev
eral contractors had inquired of .biro re
garding the return of the men to their
former positions and that he Informed,
them that the men were wilnasf- and
anxious to return -under the old condi
tions.
experience little" difficulty in obtaln&i«
employment. •¦- . ,- ; • #
Ing -Interests, is a happy augury for the
future. • • ' v -
THE SAN FRANCISCO .-.CALL," THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1901.
HAVING been invited by those most vitally interested in the
labor difficulties jto try to find some solution by which nor
mal conditions of commerce and. peace and prosperity ojE
the community could be resumed, I took hold of the question, and it
now gives me great pleasure to state after carefully maturing all the •
points in the controversy that I presented my views to both the Ih-ay
men's Association of San Francisco and the Brotherhood of Team
sters and Water Front Federation, and after full discussion terms and
conditions were arrived at acceptable to both, and that I am author
ized by the officers of both contending parties to declare the team
sters' strike and all collateral' and' sympathetic strikes or lockouts
originating from the teamsters' slriko at an end, which I hereby do.
San Francisco, October 2, 1901.
HENEY T. GAGE, Governor.
GOVERNOR AUTHORIZED
TO ANNOUNCE THE END
Ii is a matter of congratulation that a voluntary agreement
has been accepted and that the good name of the -city has been pre
served. ".- ¦-'" . JAMES B. PHELAJf, Mayor.
•San' Francisco, -October 2, 1901. ¦
SAM gratified bsyond measure to .hear of the end of the strike.
I am satisfied from what I believe to be the facts that it is"closed
with satisfaction to both sides, and that "peace with honor";are
the only words that should be spoken., • . : :
A few days ago I brought two men, representatives of both
sides, together, and it was understood that if paragraph four of the
letter of August 2 addressed to me by M. F. Michael was satisfac
torily interpreted, the strike would possibly be closed. That para
graph, which was the bone of contention, was satisfactorily'inter
preted. It was then discussed how to make the announcement, and
I see it has been made through th e Governor. - - • : ; .
. I only regret that two months ago, when the letter, was written,,
better judgment did not prevail on both sides. It should have been
clearly understood then. That letter concedes the right of the men to
form unions for the amelioration of their condition and the em
ployers on their part state in paragraph four that it is not their pur
pose or intention to discriminate against any one because. h'e. employs
union men. That leaves any employer the right to . employ; union
men without being discriminated against by the Association of Em
ployers.. • "^ '.. V '¦:'¦'
I hope neither side will mak p any exaggerated claims and that
industrial peace will now be gladly accepted and good feeling again
prevail.
The interests of the employers and employes are one. An em
ployer told me to-night that he and his colleagues realized this and
bslieve that the men also understand it, and that employer! and em
ploye will hereafter work in harmony. - ,
MAYOR SAYS LETTER
OF MICHAEL IS BASIS
ANOTHER disgraceful" shooting
scrape, participated In b5^ union
teamsters, occurred late last
night at the junction of Market
2
, To Cure a Cold in One Day ; ;^
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it fails to cure
B. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c.- •
If ¦ ' : ; " : . : ¦'¦¦ ; still III u ¦ Plfifii
¦ rfi*X* ' - fi*v^ A£mh3 HboH p'iikfja ' MHtt'^fl ¦TflcMtl . fO^BI - .' bBS«m ffBfl{R Hfw* HkSfll - feBwl ~- ~* - BB>4b2 * B8BPM * ISC5M mt^^r ¦¦ > S'jt ¦ ¦ ** J* m
1 ¥* j ELL* BtjytjM JorNLjM mV^ *jl A T>V* tfTpgM I'nflll JBpr^yX w MmES HBuS Ebb : - ywBMglW^ ' ' * * fl^9V .' JHQBM - Wm^Bffm JraT ¦ 4 S %^ 99 <k^ '
5r2? • 'raggargggmutJMJ^i^ ,. i i " 21?'
4-»j£'- « . , .-¦ •..'¦¦ -..,- 1 . ¦" ...:...._ ....... " . - r . iiiiiiBBiiiiiiiimnuifiJiLiiB .. .* . 4.- h^
±7*1- ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ "- '¦',' ¦- ¦: < ¦'¦'¦^ .. . ', ... '. ' ¦¦ ¦ • ' ¦ '¦ '¦ : : ¦-.- • ¦ :•¦ 'g ls+
•Tjm.u' - • ¦ ¦••• " ¦ • - . : -.'¦;-/¦ ......... .-.• • »S Tjv
$£t ; .-..: ¦- •. ... :-\. 7 .- v ; ¦ 4:^ : -- - ¦¦^•¦- ¦•¦•¦' : = "P
?St . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . • ¦¦¦ ¦:.•.. •;,--• •. oa.fl4^»»f ; . U 4-bt:
J*i- ' : -V '¦/.",'-. .••">••£ ¦.:-:-; ; :vV •¦¦ K . -¦¦•¦•¦•¦.: ; '".i'' -:---l ¦ . I -*gt'
'¦::||: ¦¦•;- : ;^-'- ;'. ;..¦:/..; •: ' : '-../ : ''~^\ ; ,'r ; - -¦' :.' '; '-^X'. ¦::/•' . * ' '¦' %^X-
illllll I II \ 11 fiill ' llil I i§
¦±b^4 '--^ :^ : '-'^^h- ¦> - "¦¦¦¦ -•>./¦• ..^ ' •: .••¦¦v- :. . .; ¦ .-.,,..;.. --.-^ ¦-..- ... . :| ::S^:
vS ?!' ¦ •' ¦ ¦ ¦ • , '¦'¦''¦¦ . .¦ 'i • '!'!' * "B~.
; 4.Bf »:• ¦ ¦• •¦ •• • • ; 1 ; • ¦¦ i **BT'
•"¦"I \ ;¦•:-.¦ ->' - ¦ ¦¦¦'- -. : ' \\ iSx
T ilStfeiAH^ •M~m4* W«4-H"f W-4"f«H« ++*I~M^ *£*+** n-^drH* •K--K* «i-4-4^~r •K-I-M-* ¦r-H*I"r-I-''-lM^l..K-T.'.Xn'i..T..»..;, .v..T..?.,f M fc .«..r..r..t..T..f.A * '
•? -|?YJ*7^^ t H^jW^^+^'4-H'rirt*/M^'fr«H* 4"i"M-K- «H*4"r -H- v*J~H~^"I- •I"s~i > 4'W v'H-r •I-l-I-H* •J~H~J~M« 'M"!"!-!-:' >M-»I"I-I"I« -J~h'J~H^ »
\ ATJVEBTISEMENT3. '^J^J
(PATENT LEATHER LOW SHOES A S K^4
H ; whether the weather is warm J*
ra ic-v or co^' whether there is &
I Ladies' Patent Leather Oxfords— On a Men's Patent Leather Oxford*-Op. •» .; B ,
:H.. broad, stylish toe,- big extension; 1m- swell last: flat fore part; a shoe that m ¦.
B ported French patent "calf; our regu- * others would beast of as a leader at |J
¦ B lar Komfort. $3.50 shoe . ' *3.5O ' ••» c* % H *
jjj Friday only $2.$5 Friday only f/- 5 " H ¦" '
§ Ladles' Fine Kid • Lace Shoes— Rather Men's Box Calf Lace Shoes— Hea-vy, H. -
H\ broad extension- soles and fairly double sole; full round toe . . H
: <H h*avy soles; kid tips; as gdod a shoe Friday only :. ,••>•$— »«>.. B
. H as J3 will blip ordinarily Touths' and Boys' Box Calf Lace Shoes ¦. B
H Friday. only \ ....- ...$2.15 —Broad extension: heavy stitch; , II
. H Ladies' Turkish Slippers— In red. tan made exactly like men's shoes ¦ ¦ •¦ ¦ .
'I. and black; Jl everywhere; -limited 9 to 13 .:..... §}•£? "«¦-.
M quantity - 13^ .to 2 *1.6o H
W Friday only ......60C 2Vi to 3>.a .-•« $1 .»«>•' •' K
H Children's and Misses' Kid La.ce Shoes Youths' and Boys'- Patent Leather Lace- -.« Q
g ¦ —Stout soles;, kid tip; every* pair ' ' Shoes— A neat, stylish- dress, shoe. ¦ --B";
P ;"'.." guaranteed,; . _... .. > * Friday: only - . :¦•.-.: . •' ' : ' »'»•
1; 1% to 'ii'.".'.!'.!!'.!!".!'.'.'.!'.! r ."."!'.'".si!3o h\^io i''!!.'.'"'.^'.'''''-'-'—-9i-so; I
ft- U«i to 2............ .....:...fil.55 ' . 2ii to.6H-.. ;...~.JP2»1O -,-, §'
\ Country orders P.Ued if letters ax^ mailed on or before Saturday. Our Kcun-. g
fort $3.50 shoes for. men and Women possess the snap and wea*r so evident in the B .
'^foest class of shoes. ' . ' J? i .-. -• -.'I. ."¦' ' -. - . \^F :^
f\ In all its qualities supreme? That is what is said of "Dr. Mc-gj
f| Laughlin's Men." These are the men I have cured after they had Eg
R suffered for years the tortures of/ Nervous Debility, Vital Exhaus-H
[I tion, Indigestion, Wasted Ambition, Rheumatism, Kidney andH
V Bladder Troubles. Varicocele and other signs of breaking down. B
M You see them ex'ery whe re, as a" man ought to be, happy. iolly.^L
¦L full of vim, sand and courage. They are "Dr. McLaughlin's Men,"
J9 and are always shouting the praises of %k
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. ' jf
M Dr. McLaughlin— Dear Sir: Tour Belt treatment has cured me- of allp!
ft my sufferings. I would not be as I was for the earth, and I wish I had IS
f f seen your advertisement before. It would have saved me lota of nainffl
B and money on those quacks who -did me no pood. You' can rpfer to mi> Hi
W Yours ever truly, CHRIS TENBY, Grass Valley, Cal. M
[j While you are sleeping it is curing you. It pours a stream ofH
|J vital warmth ¦ into -every organ, renewing vigor and restoring theB
Jj§ fire of youth. It has a special suspensory for men, free. It cures the B^
I* worst cases in two or three months. Mr
H C r pp. Tecf -I want-every sufferer. from Sciatica, Rheuma-10
Mil fc^ ¦ w^i. t ; snli L ame Back, Kidney or Bladder Troubles, 0
S FrPP Rook General- Nervous or \5ital Weakness, Indiges- M
|j m l tfc r*"" 1 - lion, etc.; to test my^ Belt free at my office. If H
H you can't call, send for my book abput it", free. Inclose this ad. y
1 dr. ( m. c. Mclaughlin, ffi^rE;,b|
T4 . Office hours-^S a, m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. 9CHIEF OF THE BUREAU OF. NAVIGATION, WHO HAD A CONSPICUOUS PART IN THE ARRANGEMENTS FOR
NAVAL, OPERATIONS DURING THE SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR, AND TWO MEN WHO ARE EXPECTED
TO FURNISH IMPORTANT TESTIMONY AT THE SCHLEY COURT.
. Commander Sharp said in ' response to ques
tions by Mr. Raynor that one of the results
of ¦ the bombardment- of the. Colon had- been
to develop the Spanish shore batteries. Mr.
Raynor then asked:
"Do you recollect a conversation with Com
modore Schley in the presence of Lieutenant
Harlow In which the commodore remarked
that his purpose had been to develop the
strength of those batteries?"
"I really do not rememoer," was the.re
sponse, "I wish I could."
In response to a question from Mr. Raynor,
Commander Sharp said that the position of
the Vixen during the blockade was not cor
rectly given by the official chart. He was
nearer* the ehore than, there shown.
On redirect examination Captain Lemly
brought out the fact as to the change in the
Harlow notes.
Judge Advocate— Did you attach to your of-
"Did you furnish a copy of these particu
lar notes to any one else— any other officer In
that squadron?"
"Not that I remember. There were several
copies printed, but what became of all of them
I do not know." .
i "Did you take a copy or send a copy to
any other commanding or staff officer of that
fleet except Commodore Schley?" ';
| "Not that I remember."
"Will you say that you did not?"
! "No sir, I will not say that I did not.- To
the best Of my knowledge and belief, I did
not of these identical notes.!' _~
Eaw the Brooklyn," responded the witness.
'•'She was southward to westward of the
Brooklyn. The Texas was then apparently ly
ing dead in the water. I remarked to some
officer standing near: 'The ship will never
start and those fellows will. get away.' The
Brooklyn was. then . swinging around toward"
the Spanish fleet."
"How near was she to the Texas?"
"I could not give an estimate of the dis
tance."
On cross-examination Commander Sharp was
questioned in great detail by Captain Parker
•in regard to entries in th<» »og of the Brooklyn
for, the period covering the Cuban campaign.
He referred to the entries concerning the
Vixen's firing upon a locomotive engine on
shore near Santiago, taking It for a gunboat.
He elicited from the witness the statement
that at the time the Vixen must have been,
very near the shore. $
Captain Parker then questioned Commander
Sharp ¦ concerning the notes made of the bat
tle of July 3 by Lieutenant Harlow on board
the Vixen. ¦ This report has occasioned no
little controversy, it being claimed by some
of Admiral Schley's friends that after a copy
of "the notes was delivered to the ¦ Admiral
(then commodore) by Commander Sharp, they
were changed somewhat. The witness said
that he had taken a carbon copy to the com
modore after the battle.
"Do these notes state the truth of the bat
tle as you saw it?"- asked Captain • Parker,
and the witness replied: "These are Lieu
tenant Harlow' s notes. He took them and I
am not prepared to say yes or no whether
they are absolutely correct in every particu
lar or not."
"Have you not read them over several
times?"
"I have."
"Now, are you not prepared to say to the
best of your knowledge and belief they con
tain a true statement of what Lieutenant Har
low saw?"
"I cannot tell what Lieutenant Harlow
saw."
"You do not know whether they (the notes)
are true or not from having read them over
several times and from your own knowledge
of the battle?"
"In the main essentials I should say that
they are true, but there may be mistakes and
probably are mistakes. In them."
"Is It possible that this could have occurred?
The Vixen was constantly on errands of ;hls
sort?"
Mr. Raynor — Do you remember when you
ramied to Commodore Schley the typewritten
transcript of the Harlow notes from which the
I>an>i>hlet was printed, that you said: 'Commo
dore Pchley. these are the true notes of the
flpht. which will stand?' " r . ,
"1 have no recollection of using such lan
£ruas. J ."
"I want to see if you recollect this Incident:
Do you remember that on the afternoon of the
first or second of July you were called along
sulf» the Brooklyn and by a megaphone messasa
from Lieutenant Sears, speaking for Commo
dore Schley, directed * to igo to the New
York and report to Admiral Sampson that Com
modore Schley had observed suspicious move
ments of smoke in the harbor. Indicating that
vessels ¦were moving toward the entrance, and
that Commodore Schley thought the enemy W3F
preparing to come out? That you did go to the
New York and report to Admiral Sampson as
directed and that by Admiral Sampson vou
we*-e ordered to " go to each vessol on "the
blofk-ade and repeat Commodore Schtey'e mes
sage, with an additional order from Admiral
Samjycn directing the ships to close In and
'keep a sharp lookout: that you perform&l this
duty, ami so reported later in the same <Jay
th.-it you had done as directed?" -
¦ -"I have no remembrance of the occurrence
I am sort" to say: I wish Lesuld rer.ioinb*r "
Captain Parker — You can hardly remember at
this time whether the Brooklyn was on the
starboard or port bow, can you?"
"Yes, sir; my Impression Is she was on the
port bow."
Captain Parker— Now. knowing that fact,
may it not be possible that, before you sent
those notes to the commodore, the word "star
board", may have beeiwchanged into "port" or
vice versa? If you re'ad the notes over before
you took them to the commodore and saw any
Inaccuracies in them, you probably would have
changed them, would you not?
"I am afraid I did not look them over as
carefully as I should have done. That Is an
error undoubtedly about the Brooklyn being
on the starboard bow. It was on the port
side."
Captain Parker also called the attention of
the witness to 'the entry in Lieutenant Har
low's notes wherein he said: "11:15, the Iowa
Is gaining on the Massachusetts" and asked if
he had read the notes at the time, calling his
attention to the fact that the Massachusetts
was then at Guantanamo. Commander Sharp
replied that he did read the notes, but thought
he must have overlooked this notation.
Captain Parker then asked whether it was
not true that the changes from the original
copy appearing in the Brooklyn print had been
made by Lieutenant Harlow himself before he
delivered the transcript .to him (Sharp) for
Commodore Schley. The witness replied that
he did not think so.
Cross-examining the witness Captain Parker
elicited from him the statement that the
printed word "starboard" In Lieutenant Har
low's entry for 11:45.' as printed In the Brook
lyn print of the notes, corresponded with the
official print as given In the appendix, that
word being given In place of the word "port,"
as originally - stated in the notes.
"What was the effect of the differences be
tween the copy of the log book and the notes?"
"The copy of the Brooklyn's printed, notes
would put the Brooklyn farther inshore or
the Vixen farther out, sir, as the case might
be."
Commander Sharp (reading)— "The Brooklyn
one point on the port bow, distant about three
miles." In the notes: "The Brooklyn one
point on the starboard bow, distant about
three miles."
Commander Sharp (reading)— The two leading
ships were well on her starboard quarter. It
says "quarter" here and . "bow" In the notes
of the Vixen's log.
"Then the Brooklyn Is placed further ahead
by the printed copy of the log, is she not?"
"Either ahead or the ships of the Spanish
fleet astern, yes, sir."
"In the entry made at 11:45 a. m. it appears
from your fog that the Brooklyn bore one
point on the port bow of the Vixen, does it
not?"
Commander Sharp (reading}— The two leading
enemy's ships were well on her starboard bow,
yes, sir. #
•"Now. in the copy printed on the Brooklyn
what is the bearing of those ships?"
• When the court reconvened after luncheon
Captain Lemly continued his questioning of
Commander Sharp concerning the changes in
the notes made by Lieutenant Harlow, as fol
lows:
Judge Advocate— In the entry made in your
log, hour 10:15, -the two leading ships of the
enemy are given as well on the starboard bow
of the Brooklyn, are they not?
At this point Judge Advocate Lemly had the
witness compare the original copy of the Har
low notes with the copy printed on board the
Brooklyn, with the result of showing that the
notes had been changed before being printed,
so as to make the account say that at 10:05
the two leading ships of the enemy "bore well
on the Brooklyn's starboard quarter" Instead
of on her '"starboard bow," and that at 11:43
the Brooklyn was "one point on port bow" in
stead of "one point on starboard bow."
"What does it purport to be?" ' •
"An account of the engagement with the
Spanish squadron as seen from the United
States ship Vixen July 3, 1898, United States
ship Brooklyn, flagship." • . ¦
ficlal report of July 3 a copy of the notes of
said action? - - . .
"Yes, sir."
: "Where did you obtain this copy?"
"From the executive of fleer, Lieutenant Har
low," ;- / • .
"Did you at that time know whether there
were any differences between this copy as at
tached to your official report and the copy as
it appears in your log book?"
"Yes, sir, I knew there were some slight
differences."
"From whom did you learn that there were
these differences, and was .any explanation
made of this fact to you?" • "
"When I was writing my report of the action
of July 3 I said to Lieutenant Harlow: 'I de
sire a copy of ' your notes taken during the
action to accompany my report to the admiral.'
His reply, as near as I now remember it, was:
'Those notes were taken for the representative
of a newspaper on board the Brooklyn and I
would like to make some changes in them.' L
said: 'Very well. I wish the notes to go with
my report.' He afterward submitted to me the
notes written in script, which I read over and
Inclosed in my report to the admiral."
VMention has been made of the copy of the
notes sentto the Brooklyn which were printed
on board that vessel. Do you recognize that
paper?" (Handing him a printed pamphlet.)
"I have seen a copy of this before. If I
am not mistaken several were sent through the
Vixen." .
Continued on Page Nine.
SERVICE OF THE VIXEN.
of the Squally Weather.
Lieutenant Commander Alexander M. Sharp,
Lieutenant Commander Sharp Tells
side of file conning tower to see the captain.
He might have given several orders at about
that time I did not hear. Of course I did not
note everything I heard."
Yeoman Becker was then recalled -and was
excused after brief questioning concerning the
dispatches prepared by him at Key West for
Admiral Sampson for Admiral Schley. He then
said that according to his recollection these
dispatches "were forwarded by the Iowa and
the Dupont. but said that his statement was"
based entirely upon his memory-
I Commander Sharp said that the Vixen had
carried Commodore Schley from the Brooklyn
to the Massachusetts on May 31 before the be
ginning of the bombardment of the Cristobal
Colon, and that when he had asked what course
he should pursue in the approaching: action,
Leutenant Sears had replied for the commo
dore that the latter had directed that Com
mander Sharp keep his craft clear, as she was
vulnerable and should not assume any risks.
He thought the commodore had afterward
epoken to him to the same effect
Mr. Hanna — Passing onto the battle of July
3. did you see any portion of the loop made
by the Brooklyn?
. "When I first saw the Brooklyn I think she
was headed about south, and swinging very
rapidly under her port helm."
"Did you at any time have any conversation
with any person in the presence of Commodore
Schley with respect to the direction in which
the Brooklyn turned on that occasion?"
"Yes, sir."
"State the circumstances of that conversa
tion."
"I took on board .the... Brooklyn a copy of
the notes taken by Lieutenant "Harlow, the
executive officer of the Vixen, during the en
gagement, and showed them to the commodore.
The commodore was seated at his desk, as I
remember it, and at various times different of
ficers came into the commodore's cabin. Cap
tain Oook was there, I think, at one time. The
navigator of the Brooklyn, Lieutenant Hodgson,
came in also. I think Commander Eaton was
In at one time and, if I am not mistaken. Cap
tain Barker was In. I was talking to the
commodore about those notes, and at one part
of. the conversation, on the way the helm of
the Brooklyn had been put to form the so
called loop. I stated that the helm was put
to port. Lieutenant Hodgson . spoke up and
said: 'No, you are mistaken. Helm was put
to starboard.' I said: 'No, no; you put your
helm to port.' He said: 'I can prove it to
you. Look at this chart.' I -said: 'I don't
want to see -the chart.- You swung . with . the
port helm.'.,"
"Was it conceded • finally," asked Captain
Lemly< "that the helm had been put to port
to make the turn?"
"I am not positive." was the reply, '.'but it
is my Impression that it was."
"By whom was the concession made?"
"I do not remember."
"Were there any Instructions at that time
to the navigator In regard to entries in the
log?"
."Not that I remember." ¦¦ .
"Did you see the Texas during the battle off
Santiago?? asked Mr. Hanna. . •
"I saw the Texas about the "first time I
"Under those, circumstances could you have
seen ' the train had no headlight been dis
played?"
"I. think not All we saw was the light."
who commanded thaconverted yacht Vixen dur
ing the Spanish war, was the first new wit
ness of the day. He testified that he had first
fallen in with the flying squadron on the morn
ing, of May, 24 ofC Cienfuegos. He said that the
weather on the cruise from Cienfuegos to San
tiago.had been "squally," but not sufficiently
bad to Interfere with the speed' of the Vixen.
The vessel had . not, he said, been In urgent
need of coal on May 26. "If I had been," he
said, "and -received orders to coal, I should
have-tried to do so, though it would have been
an uncomfortable job, because the Vixen was
a very small ship."
* Commander . Sharp said that notwithstanding
he had been on board the Brooklyn several
times. Commodore Schley had never discussed
with him the retrograde movement toward
Key West begun on May. 26. Describing the
service of the Vixen during the siege of San
tiago under Commodore Schley, Commander
Sharp said that he had been placed on picket
duty at the eastern end of the line on the night
of May 29 and had continued this duty after
ward. He was about two miles from the
shore, he said, and probably three miles from
the mouth of the harbor. He said that the en
tire fleet could not be discerned at night and
that the shore line could only be discerned as
a black mass in the distance.
Mr. Hanna— Could you have seen a vessel
undertaking to pass out near the shore under
those conditions?
"If she had shown no lights and made no
noise; I do not believe we could."
"Did you at any time suppose yourself to
have discovered a torpedo boat attempting to
escape?"
"One night we sighted a light, running ap
parently alongside shore, with a good deal of
speed, and signaled that it was a torpedo boat
escaping. It turned out to be a locomotive
headlight on the railroad."
"The next thing- I heard wa« the range
riven, and Just then the starboard twelve-
Inch gun was fired almost fore and aft of the
ehlp. I Jotted that and went around to port
Thomas Dieuaide. the newspaper man, when
called to correct his testimony of yesterday,
made a brief addition to his response to one of
Admiral Dcwey's questions. The question put
by the admiral was whether he (Mr. 1 Dieuaide)
had heard Captain Philip give orders to back
engines, when the two were on the bridge of the
Texas during the battle off Santiago. Mr
Dieuaide had replied that he might have heard
the order and he might not. To-day he said In
explanation of this statement:
Mr. Raynor said he would object to the pre
sentation of the letter at this time, but not at
the proper time. He said the proper time for
this will be when Captain Cook is on the stand
Admiral Evans— I withdraw it.
Mr. Raynor— I am perfectly willing you shall
submit It at the proper time.
After pome further colloquy the Incident
doted.
"The question was put to me as If I had
rtated 'I had shot the bow off the Pluton,
raked this ship and knocked out another one
etc.' There Is Captain Cook's letter denying
that such a conversation took place."
Mr. Raynor— The point Is whether the conver
sation was between you and Commodore
Sehley.
"Certainly." handing it to Mr. Raynor. "It
lc a matter entirely personal to me, sir. The
way the question was put to me yesterday put
me in the position of having bragged of de
stroying the whole Spanish fleet on board the
Brooklyn. The identical words were used in a
letter purporting to come from the Brooklyn
and published in a Washington newspaper of
July 25, 183S. I immediately went to the editor
of the paper to ascertain the author of such a
letter and he, after a good deal of trouble, as
certained that it was a woman who had given
this information. Whether she was paid fpr it
or not I could not find out. At the same time
I wrote to Captain Cook of the Brooklyn, in
closing the article, and there is his reply. I
should like that letter to go In the testimony
In connection with the testimony, as the words
are the identical words used in this scurrilous
letter published in the newspaper."
Mr. Raynor — I do not object to any explana
tion at all that you may make. There was
nothing wrong in the question itself."
Admiral E% - ans was the first of the witnesses
of yesterday, who appeared for the purpose of
making corrections in his testimony. Having
made these corrections. Admiral Evans rose
and formally addressing; the court, said:
"May It please the court. In connection w'th
or.e of the questions asked me yesterday, un
less Admiral Schley or his counsel object. I
chould like to make a statement and produce
a letter. If at any moment counsel object or
Admiral Schley objects, I will withdraw it and
stop."
ilr. Raynor — Could we look at the letter?
The formalities of the day were begun with a
brief explanation of the large chart of the
southern coast of Cuba, which hangs on the
»•«.:] of the courtroom. Thl* explanation was
made by Captain Leir.ly, who said the chart
had been prepared from data collected since
the war with Spain and was much mere cor
rect than former charts. Captain Parker on
behalf of Admiral Schley said that with these
explanations he was willing to accept the chart
as authentic.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— The proceedings to
day befran with the usual recall of former wit
i:espcs for the correction of their testimony in
the official record. After these came Chief
Teoman Becker, who had bepua his testimony
yerterday and was on the stand when the pro
ceedings closed. He was at that time under
cross-examination by Mr. Raynor, and that
(TTitknian continued his questions this morn
ir.s-
Witnesses Describe the Operations of
the Fleet Off Santiago.
DETAILS OF THE BATTLE.
Admiral Evans. Captain Sigsbee and
Correspondent Dieuaide were all recalled
for the purpose of correcting their testi
mony as given yesterday, and all made
additional statements.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— Among
the important witnesses at
to-day's session of the Schley
court of inquiry was Lieu
tenant Commander Sharp,
who commanded Ihe Vixen during the
Spanish- American War. He was examined
at great length on the operations off
Santiago and particularly about discrep
ancies in the notes of Kxecutive Officer
Harlow of his ship and the copy of the
log which was included in the official
record. The witness admitted that some
changes had been made.
An interesting turn was given to the
inquiry by the introduction of the first
witness in Admiral Schley's behalf. This
was lieutenant James B. Doyle, who was
a watch officer on board the flagship
Brooklyn during the war with Spain. The
fact that Lieutenant Doyle was put on the
stand does not mean that the Navy De
partment has concluded the presentation
of its side of the case. Mr. Doyle was
called by the department, but as it also
had been the purpose of Admiral Schley
to summon him, advantage was taken of
his presence on the stand to question him
as an original witness for the "applicant."
He was under examination by Mr. Raynor
in the interest of the admiral when the
court adjourned for the day.
Before undergoing examination at Mr.
Raynor's hands. Lieutenant Doyle, at
Captain Lemly's request, explained his
part in the battle of July 3 and his
original entry In the ship's log concern
ing the famous loop and his alteration of
that entry because he subsequently dis
covered that his first entry had been
erroneous.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1901.
Official Record of the Vixen Does Not Tally in All Particulars With
Notes Written During the Santiago Battle.
COURT OF INQUIRY DISCOVERS
CHANGES WERE MADE IN A LOG
3
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS*...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
...OIL STOVES...
BLUE. FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
KS ISSkI: 3 09 to 3/7 Market Street,
San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
JHEMALL"
Everything that . tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. $87.00
Buffalo and Return. October
3 and 4. Reserve berths for
this famous train at 641
Market Street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORA- BXTLJTW3
TOR stops all losses in 24 K^3jf^
hours. You feel the improvement Baai Ea<
from the first dose. We have so gpH HK\
much confidence in our treatment B H
that we offer five hundred reward Egjrjl ISgJ
for any case we cannot cure. This Rjpl WJW1
secret remedy cures Emissions, LMU UgKj
Impotency, Varicocele, Gonor- HJKsLrE*!
rhoea. Strictures, Gleet. Drains.' tXm!r^Fil
Lost Manhood and all other wasting effects of
self -abuse or excesses. Sent sealed, $2 bottle;
3 bottles, J5: guaranteed to cure any case. Call
or' address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
855 Broadway,; Oakland. ¦ Cal. '-Also for sale .'at
1073% Market st:. S. -F.v AH private diseases
quickly cured. Send for - free book. ' ' -
.-. Vf.lv' VICHY SPRINGS,
The only place la the United States wher»
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champag-na Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
. - Proprietors. ;
BELLBVUH HOTEL.
P. O. EI» VERANO, QU., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
(1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. Lessee. - ¦ 'w.-y
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying: passengers for Lam-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
11:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all tho most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlets
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Etago Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages.' In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year."
E9 ¦ BBSS a\ VPJsn nf ' tSK Cff% tE
eJ M h DR ** **— — «i ¦¦¦I *s Ji m r
i J I? J9 *M Baa s&S E£3a ID B nsrja .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Catarrh Spreads Like a Malignant
Poison.
PE-RU-NA CURES THESE CASES.
¦ viOl? John! ° nlrV
iTIL lanb jlwff
John J. Lane, Grand Keeper of Records of the Grand Commandery of New
York, United Order of the Golden Cros3, writes from 303 "W. Thirtieth St., New
York City, as follows:
"It is but rendering unto Caesar ihe things that belong unto Caesar to
place Peruna at the head of the medicines known to the profession in cases
of catarrh of the system. I haye been cured myself through the uso of only
two bottles, so that for four years I have- enjoyed perfect health, and during
that time I have known of over a hundred who have been cured through the
use of this grand medicine. I have known of it being used in cases of
Bright's disease and other urinary troubles, for indigestion, and especially
for summer colds, and a/ways with best results." — JOHN J. LANE.
Wm. C. Rouse, Limaburgh, Boone Coun- John Kerr is secretary of Prospect
ty, Ky., writes: Council of the Catholic Benevolent Legion
"Peruna is without doubt the best med- of New York. This is one of the biggest
icine that was ever sold in our country. Cathclfc organizations in >iew York and
There Is nothing like it. I recommend it it3 membership runs. Into ihe thousands,
far and near to both well and sick. I»have His place of business is at 721 10th avenue,
six people using it. and all say it is help- New York City.
Ing them right along. When any one .^
speaks of being sick I recommend Peruna An Et-Pnme Minister Endorses
to them."— Wm. C. Rouse. p._. _.
Mr, Robert Metters, Murdock, v Neb.. Jre-ru-na.
writes: ¦ • Hon. Celso Caesar Moreno. Ex-Prime
"1 will say that my catarrh is cured. I Minister to Hawaii, writes from Wash-
feel as well as I havs any time in the last ington, D. C: ¦ * . .
a^nS^Seni {^^"goSS^S I'' f commend your great national
catarrh. I tell them to take Peruna, and catarrh cure, Peruna, to my friends
S 1 O^o^yftffidS^et^tte'StSS? the country as a safe, reliable
day and said: 'You told me Peruna would medicine. I know of no other ionic that
cure my catarrh and it has.'"-Robert w m bui , d a person up as we/ , aa Peruna^
Metters. , . ... r .
John Kerr, 543 10th avenue, New York It is a positive cure for the universal
C »i y ' firslTook Peruna for a catarrh rem-. disease > those who will try this
edy. but while I was usins it for catarrh remarkable medicine will find a sure cure. "
I learned that it proved a great remedy —Celso Caesar Moreno.
lor nervous debility, too. With the catarrh
I had a weak stomach and an aching If you do not derive prompt and satis-
back; that was from a shattered nervous factory results from the use of Peruna,
system. After using Peruna for a month write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
my stomach was as well as ever, my food full statement of your case, and he will
tasted natural and the heavy feeling that be i»;ease«i to give you his valuable advice
I used to have after eating disappeared, gratis.
There ls.no tonic like Peruna."— John Address Dr. Hartman, President of Ths
Kerr. . " ',: ; - / Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. O.
NEXT
C F I\J The Ncw Lady of the White
U 1 1 ™ House and Her Daughter Alice
DAYS Peculiarities of Divorce ,
1/n I *J Laws in Various States
*y i -rr tt With expressions of opinion from Episcopal Bishops
CALL =======
OCTOBER 6. 190t
ANOTHER PAGE OF PHOTOGRAPHING A DAY WITH THE
-GEORGE" AND HIS WILD ANIMALS- IN . FISHERMEN.
-PA." THEIR NATIVE "
The best comic stories HAUNTS. THE HArTFMnA< ; nT3
now appearing. Did you ever think how ™ E ° F
— — — — ¦ difficult it woold be to Mtxico.
THE CROCKER MAN' get a photograph cf a -
SION. VHE2E J. PIER' tear robbing a beehive 1 MOST UNIQUE RANCH
PONT MORGAN LIVES See ner^ Sunday's CalL IN CALIFORNIA.
NEXT WEEK— "GRAUSTARK."
' ' "GOLD DUST."
li '' Lot the GOW DUST twh^ do your woPki'W,
H If you w&nt cleanlitoQQs to rule m
U about your house use H
1 GOLD \ BUST I
H ; It removes dirt, grease, smoke-stains and grime from any cause, leaving 69
H| " everything clean and new looking'. ! It does not injure hands or fabrics. Ban
KB It is better and cheaper than soap. ' . ; gsl
H :. ;¦/• THE N. K ; FAlRBANfrCOMPANY. Chicago. St Louk New York, Boston. Jmson. some time Bishop Coadjutor of Alabama,
died May 4. 190O.
At the conclusion of the reading the
presiding Bishop said the Lord's Prayer
together with the following prayer and
collects:
"We bless thy holy name for all thy servants
who, having finished their course in, faith do
now rest from their labors. And ye yield unto
thee most high praise and hearty thanks for
the wonderful srace and virtue declared tn all
thy saints, who have been, the choice vessels
| / HE House of Bishops con-
vened at the same hour at
m . which the House of Delegates
ft met. The members of the up-
VJfcf- *4 per house met in the Sunday
7™** school room of Trinity Church.
which adjoins the convention
hall. Each Bishop was assigned to a desk
and was provided' with stationery and
other conveniences. .When the house was
the Rev. T. J. Packard of Rockville, Md.,
¦were appointed assistant secretaries.
\The Lord Bishop of Newcastle was then
introduced by the Bishop of Missouri and
the distinguished visitor presented a let
ter from the Archbishop of Canterbury,
¦which -will be found in another column of
this paper. A committee consisting of
Bishops Doane, Tuttle and Potter was ap
pointed to draw up a suitable reply to be
i forwarded to the Archbishop.
Prelates Perfect Organization and Elect
Bishop Dudley Chairman.
HOUSE OF BISHOPS
HOLDS A SESSION
MHEN the Lord Bishop of Newcastle was introduced to the House of Bishops yesterday after
noon he presented the following letter from the Archbishop. of Canterbury:
August 17, iqoi.
"MY DEAR BISHOP OF NEWCASTLE: I shall be glad if you will take the oppor
tunity — and especially the opportunity you will have when you attend the proposed convention
at San Francisco— to express the warm desire of the Episcopate of the Church of England to facilitate 'and en
courage the most frequent and cordial intercourse between ourselves and our brethren on the other side' of the
Atlantic. To know one another, to. know each the difficulties and aspirations and aims of all the others, to feel
the growth that grows out of such knowledge, is a greater blessing by far than it is ;commonly supposed to" be.
faith grows largely,' says Coleridge, 'when I am in the presence of another man who holds the same faith
as I do.' And this is true in the fullest sense. • The growth of the church in extension is the source of a Chris
tian growth in fervor and power. To see Christians makes it easier to love them; and that love reacts on our
love to God himself. I pray earnestly for God's blessing on your visit to the West. Yours affectionately,
"F., Cantuar." .-
GREETINGS FROM OVER THE OCEAN
was accommodated in the left and right
galleries.
Promptly at 11 o'clock the bell of Trin
ity Church rang out over the neighbor
hood announcing that the great services
were about to commence;
The soft tones of the organ hushed the
gathering- in the sacred edifice and the
rays of the sun broke through the heavy
clouds as the procession of robed Bishops
emerged from the vestry and marched
> «Ba^HE opening service in Trinity
'TT*"^ Church yesterday morning of
£ the Triennial General Conven
\ tion of the Episcopal church
WfcJL/ of the United States was one
of the most impressive ever
witnessed in a sacred edifice
in this city.
Although 11 o'clock was the hour set
for the service to commence large crowds
York, Oregon, Hayti, Liberia and Califor
nia and the Lord Bishops of Newcastle
and British Columbia. The other Bishops
filed in solemn order to the seats in the
choir stalls.
Bishop Tuttle stood in front of the altar
until his associates had taken their desig
nated places, and as the processional
hymn ended he commenced the holy com
munion service.
• The sight was an impressive one as the
SOLEMN SERVICES
IN TRINITY CHURCH
Prelates in Robes of Office Marcly in
Procession to Communion.
IMPRESSIVE SCENE IN FRQNT OF TRINITY CHURCH AS THE EPISCOPAL CLERGY WERE ON THEIR WAY TO ATTEND WORSHIP.
The Bishop stated that his sermon
would be- a Western one in every respect,
and it was for the purpose Of -conveying
to the members of the church from the
East the urgent necessity of financial help
and moral support for the great territory
of the Pacific Coast States in the mis
sionary field. " ¦
Bishop Morris in part said:
These w6rds from St. Luke's gospel were ad
dressed by our blessed Lord to a fisherman and
his partners who had just passed through a
long night of toll that had brought no reward
lor their labors. The vessel in which they had
spent these fruitless hours, now lying on the
shores of Lake Gennesaret, / had furnished a
convenient place from which to address those
who pressed about . the divine speaker to hear
the word of God; and when he had left speak
ing he. said unto Simon: "Launch out into
the deep and set your nets for a draught"
Simon, answering, said unto him: "Master,
we- have toiled all the night and have taken
nothing; nevertheless, at thy word, I will let
down the net." And when tney had done this
they inclosed a great multitude of fishes, and
their net brake, and they beckoned unto their
partners, who went in . their ship, and they
filled both ships, so that they began to sink.
Into the • particulars of this transaction we
need not go to discover lessons and prophecies
concerning the higher calling to I which those
fishermen, were now to . be advanced. It was,
in the flrst place, a sign of the power of Christ.
It was a symbol and a prophetic type of the
new. calling 'Of these disciples, and we may
not doubt that it was an end o£ their fear of
earthly need In following Jesus. But- it was
also a lesson in their own craft. They, were
to launch out into the deep lor this draught.
They were to leave the shores and shoals,
where the natural habits of the fish led them
and where they were accustomed to find them,
and sink their nets deep in the waters- of I th»
sea. What was th!s but a prophecy of- the
great * purpose and destiny of the church of
Christ, for which these Gallileeans and their
successors were henceforth to fish in all the
waters of the world? The narrow net of Juda
ism must'needs break to pieces in'the under
taking. ' ' ¦ ¦ '¦ :
My brethren of this congregation, it is for
the furtherance of this work, for. the promo
tion of this fishing for men. for spreading your
nets wider and wider, mending them and mak
ing them more enduring and more certain of
gathering in and retaining the fish, for dis
covering the 'most , promising and inviting
waters for your labors and for securing the
best qualified, most patient, skillful and per
severing helpers in this world-wide undertak-
URING the session
T JTm of the House of
y j W Bishops yesterday
jMWispr. the secretary was
. • . instructed to for
ward the following cablegram
to the Archbishop of i Canter
bury, England:
"The Bishops assembled in
general convention at San
Francisco send love, greeting
and heartfelt thanks for sym
pathy- from the British peo
ple to our nation in its recent
sorrow."
BISHOPS CABLE
THEIR THANKS
TO CANTERBURY
Continued on Page Sevea,
Continued on Page Seven.
Fine Dining Car Service
On Shasta Route trains Nos. 15 and 16 of
the. Southern Pacific Company," leaving
San Francisco in the evening. 'arriving' in
the morning, has been extended to include
entire trip south" of Roseburg, Or
Dr. Hart was instructed to cable the
following message to the Archbishop of
Canterbury: - «• ¦
The Bishops assembled in general convention
at San Francisco send . love and greeting: and
heartfelt thanks for sympathy from the Brit
ish people to our nation in its recent sorrow.
Bishop Doane then read a list of prel
ates who have died since the last meet
ing of the House of Bishops, as follows:
The Right Rev. Dr. John Williams, Bishop
of Connecticut and presiding Bishop, died
February 7. 1S39.
The Right Rev. Dr. Henry Nlles Pierce,
Bishop of Arkansas, died August o. 1S99. .
The Right Rev. Dr. Henry Adams Neely,
Bishop of Maine, died October 31, 1S39.
The Right. Rev. Dr.. Mahlon Norris Gilbert.
Bishop Coadjutor of Minnesota, died March 2,
1900.
The Right Rev. Dr. Richard Hooker "Wllmer,
Bishop of Alabama, died June 14. 190O.
The Right Rev. Dr. Charles Reuben Hale,
Bishop Coadjutor of Springfield, died Decem
ber 25, 1900.
The Right Rev. Dr. "William Morris Barker,
Bishop of Olympla, died February 21. 1901.
The Right Rev. Dr. Abram Newklrk LJttle-
John, Bishop of Long Island, died August 3,
1901.
The Right Rev. Dr. Henry Benjamin "Whip
pie. Bishop of Minnesota, died September 16.
1901. - r • '
. The Right Rev. Dr. Henry Melville Jack-
of thy grace, and the lights of the world in
their several generations; most humbly be
seeching thee to give us grace so >to follow tha
example of their steadfastness In thy faith and
obedience to thy holy commandments, that at
the day of the general resurrection we with
all those who are of the mystical body of th»
son, may be set on his right hand, and hear
that his most Joyful voice: Come, ye blessed
of my father, inherit the kingdom prepared
for you from the foundation of the worirt
Grant this. O father, for Jesus Christ's sake
our only mediator and advocate. Amen *
The collect for All Saints* day.
The collect in the visitation office: "O Oort
whose days," etc. •
"The grace of our Lord," etc.
The secretary was also directed to send
telegrams of affection and regret to th*
following named prelates, who. by reason
of age. disability and important work
were unable to attend the meeting of th»
House of Bishops: a "
Rt. Rev. Dr. Clark of Rhode Island. Ri. R«r.
TELEGRAMS 0RE SENT
TO ABSENT MEMBERS
The next, order of business was the elec
tion of a secretary, and the Rev. Samuel
Hart, D. D., -of < Middletown,..Conn., was
re-elected. to the important position. The
Rev. George* F. Nelson of New York and
Bishop Dudley of Kentucky was unani
mously elected to preside over the delib
erations of the body. He used a hand
some gavel made out of. California red
wood, which was presented by the Rev.
Dr, Foute, rector of' Grace Church of this
city. ' '
called to order by Bishop Doane of Al
bany, in the absence of Bishop^Clark of
Rhode Island, there were sixty-nine prel
ates • in attendance. The proceedings
were executive and the report of the busi
ness transacted was given out for publi
cation by the secretary.
«^^HE following letter, sent to the Bishop of Albany by the Archbishop of Canterbury, was read at the
{¦ T ¦ session of the'House of Bishops yesterday:
fl 1 "I cannot miss the opportunity of expressing our profound sympathy for the whole people of
the United States at the distress which must be felt by you all because of the terrible crime which has
robbed you of your. President. You will be, all of you, specially remembered in our prayers over all
England. Nothing could have stirred us more deeply, and I shall be thankful if you will take occasion to make it
known that your distress as a Christian church cannot be greater than ours.
"The sense of sorrow is deepened by the confident expectation which we cherished,' as you did, that the
President's recovery was practically certain.
"Mav God be with you. Yours faithfully and affectionately.
. . "R, Cantuar."
ENGLAND GRIEVES WITH AMERICA
BISHOP OF OREGON
. DELIVERS SERMON
The Bishop took hia . text from the
fourth verse of the fifth chapter of St.
Luke; as follows: "When he 'had- left
speaking he said unto Simon, Launch out
Into the deep and let down your nets for
a draught."
along Bush street to the Gough street
entrance of the church.
Bishops Walk in Procession.
Ahead walked a lad in white surplice
carrying the golden crucifix, then came
Rev Dr. Clampett, rector of Trinity
Church, wearing his surplice. Two by
two followed the Bishops In the order
of their consecration. As the church was
entered the choir and congregation joined
in singing the processional hymn, No. 311,
"Ancient of Days. Who SIttest Throned
Sn Glory," written by Bishop Doane of
Albany. The Bishops were garbed In
the black satin robes of their rank, with
full lawn sleeves. Many of the prelates
also wore the colored hoods of their col
lege degrees. At the door of the church
the procession halted and the younger
Bishops walked ahead and formed in two
lines along the main aisle, so that the
elder Bishops might pass between the
ranks and enter the chancel in the order
of seniority.
Bishop Tuttle of Missouri, the senior
prelate, entered th« chancel rail and was
followed by the Bishops of Albany, New
assembled around the church doors long
before that time. Wire cables had been
stretched in front of the church along
the curbstones and a squad of police was
on hand to watch over the safety of the
assemblage.
The morning was a gloomy one and
a heavy shower of rain occurred an hour
previous to the commencement of tho
services. The carriages bearing the
Bishops and prominent lay deputies rolled
up to the doors of Trinity Church in
almost endless procession.
The arrangements made 'by the local
committees were faultless and every
holder of a ticket knew exactly at which
t3oor the permit for admission to the
church should be presented. The lower
lloor of the church was reserved for the
clerical and lay deputies, while the three
galleries, specially built for the occasion,
were used by invited guests and the
parishioners of Trinity Church.
The choir stalls were given over to the
u»e or the Bishops and the vested choir
robed Bishops and the entire congrega
tion sank to their knees and bowed their
heads In prayer. *,
Bishop Tuttle was the celebrant of the
holy communion service. Bishop Doane of
Albany read the Epistles and the Lord
Bishop of Newcastle read the Gospel.
The choir and congregation joined in
singing hymn 490, "Glorious Things of
Thee Are Spoken," after which Bishop
Morris of Oregon ascended to the plat
form and delivered the sermon. The ven
erable Bishop was heard in every part of
the church and 'his sermon was a mas
terly effort in every detail.
THE SAtt FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 19O1.
GATHERING OF EPISCOPALIAN CHURCHMEN
41S92— Bishop of Southern Florida— Rt. Rev. Dr. Gray.
1893— Bishop of Oklahoma and Ind.' Terr.— Rt. Rev. Br. Brooke.
1893— Bishop of Tokio— Rt. Rev. Dr. McKim.
1893— Bishop of Shanghai— Rt. Rev. Dr. F. R. Graves. '
1S93— Bishop of South Carolina— Rt. Rev. Dr. : Capers. .
1893 — Bishop of Tennessee — Rt. Rev. Dr. Gailor.
1893— Bishop of Massachusetts— Rt. Rev. Dr. Lawrence.
1893— Bishop of North Carolina— Rt. Rev. Dr. Cheshire.
1S94— Bishop of Vermont— Rt. Rev. Dr. Hall.
JS95— Bishop of Michigan City— Rt.' Rev. Dr. White. ! ' '
J836— Bishop of. Kansas— Rt. 1 Rev. Dr. Mlllspaugh. !¦ • V
1895— Bishop 'of "Alaska— Rt. Rev. Dr. Rowe.
1S9G— Bishop of Lexington— Rt.' Rev. Dr. Burton. ' '
1S96 — Bishop of Los . Anseles — Rt. , Rev. Dr. Johnson.
1896 — Bishop of Washington— Rt. Rev. . Dr. Satterlee.
1S97— Bishop of DuUfth— Rt. Rev. Dr. J. D. Morrison.
1S97— BUhcp of Connecticut— Rt. Rev. Dr. Brewster.
1S37— Bishop Coadjutor, of A'irelnia— Rt. Rev. Dr. ¦ Gibsoi..
1S97 — Bishop Coadjutor* of Rhode Island— Rt. Rev. Dr. McA'lckar.
1SS&— Bishop of Asheyllle— Rt. , Rev. Dr. Horner.
1SG9— Bishop of Sacramento— Rt. Rev. Dr.. Moreland.
1899— Bishop of North -Dakota— Rt. Rev. Dr. Edsall.
1899— Bishop of Iowa— Rt.' Rev.- Dr. • T. N. Morrison.
IS99— Bishop of Boise.— Rt. Jlev. Xr. Funsten.
1899— Bishop of Indiana— Rt.' Rev. Dr. Francis.
1S99— Bishop- Coadjutqr of Nebraska— Rt. Rev. Dr. A. L. Williams.
1899^Blshop Coadjutor of AVest" Virginia— Rt. Rev. Dr. Oravatt.
1900— Bishop of Kyoto— Rt. 'Rev. Dr. Partridge. . •
1S00— Bishop of Maine— Rt. Rev: . Dr. Codman. ¦
19C0— Bishop Coadjutor .of. Chicago— Rt. Rev. Dr. Anderson.
190o_B!shop of Alabama— Rt: Rev. Dr. Barnwell. ¦
1900— Bishop Coadjutor Of For.d du Lac— Rt. Rev. . Dr. AVeller.'
190i— Bishop Coadjutor of . Qulhcy— Rt. Rev. Dr. Taylor.
¦ Lord Bishop- of Newcastle, England.
Lord BiEhop of British. Columbia.
Consecrated.
1S67— Bishop of Missouri— Rt. Rev. Dr. Tuttle.
1S6S— Bishop of Oregon— Rt. Rev. Dr. Morris.
1869— Bishop of Albany— Rt. Rev. Dr. Doane. . .
1S69— Bishop of Pennsylvania— Rt. Rev. Dr. Whitaker.
1870 — Bishop of Xew Hampshire — Rt. Rev. Dr. Klles.
1S73— Bishop of South Dakota— Rt. Rev. Dr. Hare.
1S74— Bishop of Dallas— Rt. Rev. Dr. Garrett.
1S75— Bishop of Kentucky— Rt. Rev. Dr. Dudley.
IS73 — BiEhop of New Jersey — Rt. Rev. Dr. Scarborough.
1878— Bishop of AVest Virginia— Rt. Rev. Dr. Peterkln.' .
1S7S— Bishop of Springfield— Rt. Rev. Dr. Seymour.
1SS0— Elshop of Montana— Rt. Rev. Dr. Brewer. : ,
18S2— Bishop of Pittsburg— Rt. Rev. Dr. AVhitehcad.
1SS3 — Bishop of New York — Rt. Rev. Dr. Potter. ••
1883— Bishop of Southern A'lrglnla— Rt. Rev. Dr. Randolph.
1SS3— Blshcp of AVcstern New York— Rt. Rev. Dr. AValker.
1E85— Bishop cf Maryland— Rt. Rev. Dr. Paret. ¦ ?
1885 — Bishop o£ Cape PalmaE — Rt. Rev. Dr. Ferguson. ¦ .
1SS6— Bishop of Florida— Rt. Rev. Dr. Weed. .
18S7— Bishop of Central Pennsylvania— Rt. Rev. Dr. Talbot.
1888— Bishop of AVestern Texas— Rt. 'Rev. Dr. Johnston. •
1SS8 — Bishop of Salt Lake — Rt. Rev. Dr. A. Leonard.
1ESS— Bishop of Delaware— Rt. Rev. . Dr. Coleman.
1889— Bishop of Xew Mexico and Arizona— Rt. Rev. Dr. Kendr'ck.
1SS5— Bishop Coadjutor of Southern Ohio— Rt. . Rey. Dr. A'incent.
lfc£9— Bishop of Fond du Lac— Rt. .Rev. Dr. Grafton.
18S9— Bishop of Ohio— Rt. Rev. Dr. "AA r . A. Leonard.' \i
1890— Bishop of Laramie— Rt. .Rev. Dr. Al R. Graves.
lS90-Bl6hop of California— Rt. Rev. Er. Nichols:
1S90— Bishop of AVest Missouri— Rt. Rev. Dr. Atwlll. . '.
1891— Bishop of Milwaukee— Rt. Rev." 'ft»r. Nicholscn.
1892— Bishop of Georgia— Rt. Rev. Dr. Nelson.
1892— Bishop of Texas— Rt. Rev. Dr. Kinsolvlng. . . -
1E82— Bishop of Spokane— Rt. Rev. Dr. Wells.
BISHOPS ATTENDING CONVENTION.
RITUALIST
HAVE HOPES
Washington.
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies-
Alfred Harding. Henry E. Pellew.
R. H. McKlm, D.D. Arthur S. Browne.
Alex Mackay-Smlth,
D.D.
Richard P. Williams. . . :
West Missouri.
Clerical Deputies — Lay DepuV.es—
Cameron Mann. D.D. Charles E. Hill.
Robert Talbot.
George H. Hills.
J. Stewart- Smith.
West Virginia.
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputle*-
S. S. Moore. D.D. Joseph Trapnell.
Jacob Brlttlngham. B. D. Spillman,
John S. Gibson. Joseph r». Do Bols.
R. D. Roller. D.D. James T. Waters.
Western Michigan.
Clerical Deputies— I Lay Deputies—
R. H. F.. Galrdner. Henry Haupt Jr.
Charles T. Stout. •
Western New York.
Clerical Deputies— I Lay Deputle*—
J. AVl Ashton. P.P. 'Daniel Beach.
MISSIONABY JTJBISDICTIOXS,
L Bradford Prince.
NORTH DAKOTA.
Eenjamln S. Russell.
Arthur P. Tyler.
SACRA3IEMTO.
• - *.Ir. Ma. rs nil 11.
SPOKANE.
J. P. M. Richards.
Oliver H. Raftery. Morris W. Seymour.
P. AV. Harriman. Charles B. Chapman.
Dallas.
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies-
Hudson Stuck. E. A. Belsterling. .
Edwin Wlckens.
Delaware.
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies—
K. J. Hammond. Edward G Bradford.
J. Leighton McKim. William P. Orr.
G. C. Hall. D.D. E. Tatnall AVarner.
F. M. Munson. j
East Carolina.
Clerical Deputies — I Lay Deputies —
Nathaniel Harding. I Benjamin R. Huske.
R. B. Drane, D.D. AVilliam B. Shepard.
Louis L. AA'llllams. I
Eastern.
Clerical Deputies — Lay Deputies —
T. Carter Page. W. Hopper Gibson.
Edward R. Rich. \A r . S. Muse.
J. Gibson Gautt.
Florida.
Clerical Deputies — I Lav Deputies —
Perclval H. AVhaley.lG. 1*. Valrbanks.
Fond du Lac.
Clerical Deputies — Lay Deputies —
AV. R. Gardner. D.D. N. AV. Sallade.
Henry S. Foster.
B. Talbot Rogers.
AVilllam B. Thorn.
Georgia.
Clerical Deputies —
Albion AY. Knight. | Troy Beatty.
F. F. Reese, D.D. I
Indiana.
Clerical Deputies —
Herbert M. Denslow. I F. O. Grannies.
John E. Sulger. I C. S. Sargent.
Iowa.
Clerical Deputies — Lay Deputies —
J. Holllster Lynch. S. H. Mallory.
G. H Cornell, D.D. George F. Henry.
Frederick AV. Keator. Samuel Mahon.
George E. AValk. James L. Bever.
Kansas.
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies—
A. Beatty. D. D. John X. Macomb Jr.
Albert Watklns. . . ..
Charles B. Crawford.
F. J. Bassets D.D. ' S. R. Dorrance.
G. : McC. Fiske D.D. (Edward S, Babbitt.
E. S. .Rousmaniere.- • I Edward D. Bassett.
" : . . South Carolina.
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies-
John Kershaw. D.D. C. Schulz Gadsden. .
James G. Glass. . Louis A. Emerson.
AVilllam L.- Githen3. John P. Thomas Jr.
Henry J. Mlkell.
1 Southern Ohio.
Clerical Deputies— . Lay Deputies-
John Hewitt. . John D. Van Deman.
John H: Ely. E. Morgan A\ ood.
Paul Matthews. A. N. AVhitlng.
JohnD. Hills. Charles AV. Short..
V v; Southern Virginia.
Clerical Deputies— I Clerical Deputies-
John J. Lloyd. D.D. W. AV; Old. _
R. J. McBryde. D.D. [Robert E. Withers.
C. E. Grammer, D.D.TAV. L. Zlmmer.
- . . . . | Thomas C. Elder. . .
-.-", •-¦'•;', : Springfield. .
Clerical Deputies- Lay Deputies—
FA do Rosset. Mllo F. Gilbert.
Joseph G. AVright. Bluford Wilson.
Alexander Allen. . Charle3 E. Hay.
Johannes Rockstroh. f • . . ..
i, i f, '• , /Tennessee. . .
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies—
"W T Manning. D.D. B. L. Wiggins.
Frederick P. -Daven- George M. Darrow.
port, D.D. AVHIiam E. Norvell.
Henrj' Easter. ' ; ¦ ',.."¦
- , Clerical Deputies— f
Henry D.' Aves. I Charles M. Beckwith.
Frank Page. . | . ; .; . .
., 1 Vermont. .
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies—
J. Isham Bliss. D.D., Edward L. Temple.
David L. Sanford. Henry Wells.
AV.. J.. Harris. D.D. .
. ¦ ¦ , .Virginia-
Clerical . Deputies— Lay Deputies—
AA'lHlam-M. Cla*k. Joseph Bryan. 1 1
L. R Mason. ¦ . ': '¦ John L. AVUHams. :
Georce ' W. Nelscn. Joseph Wllmer.
7 ¦ . .-...-! John G. Williams.
Alabama.
Clerical D«>pT:t!<-s — Lay Deputies —
John G Murray. Joseph F. Johnston.
AV. C. Whi taker. U. H. Pearson.
T J. Beard. D.D. John E. Mitchell.
E. AV. Scalding. D.D. !
Albany.
Clerical Deputies— ; Lay Deputies-
Joseph Carey, D.D. il^lle Pell-Clarke.
EiJsrar A. Eno*. D.D. : John I. Thompson.
Ji. M. Kirby. D.D. I
O. D. SiUiman. D.D.I
Arliansas.
rnerlcal Deputies— I \jay Deputies—
C H Lockv.-ood. | P. K. Roots.
AV D. AVil'.iams. |John T. Hicks.
Q Gonion Smea<5e. I Nichols B. Truelock,
AA'. D. Buckncr. I
California.
Clerical Deputies — Lay Deputies —
Robert C. Foatc. AA'illiam H. Hooper.
F AV. Clnmpett. D.D. A'incent Xeale.
.lolm A Kmery. i AV. A. M. A'an Bok-
Robert Ritchie. k*-len.
I George E. Butler.
Central New York.
Clerical Deputies— I I^ay Deputies-
John Hralnatd. D.D. Charles Andrews.
John H. E?ar. D.D. Robert J Hubbard.
Track V.'. Wcstcott. lAzariah H. Sawyer.
Central Pennsylvania.
Clerical Deputies— I Lay Deputies-
Henry L Jones n.D.I William R. Butler.
r, C Foley D.D. Charles C. Clemer.t.
j' y. Powers D.D. IHugh M. North.
G. II. Elcrling. D.D.I W. Fred Reynolds.
Chicago.
Clerical Deputies— . Lay Deputies—
AA'illiam C de Witt. I David B. Lyman.
Kd-.vard A. I^arrabee. I Edward P. Bailey.
I uthcr Pardee Herbert J. Ullmann.
1 Edward II. Buehler.
Colorado.
Clerical Deputies- . I^ay Deputies—
Cha.rleR Y. Grimes. AV. H. Whitehcad.
John W. Ohl. i
P. II. Hickxnan. I
Connecticut.
Clerical Deputies— 1 Lay Deputies—
E. S Lines. D.D. /Burton Mansfield.
S. O. Seymour. D.D. /James J. Goodwin.
- '"¦' " '"•-'.' '>¦'¦¦ ':¦ Michigan. , -y_ :: "'•»..".¦
Clerical Deputies— " ' Lay Deputies—
R. AV. Clark. D.D. Sidney D. MiHer. •
' • ¦ " , W. H. AVlthington.
... ¦ , ' • James C. Smith. V. .
Michigan City. . , •;.. <i
Clerical Deputies—
J. H. McKenzle. j Walter S. f Howard.
Edward AA r . Averlll.' I
Milwaukee.
Clerical -Deputies— ' .¦; Lay Deputies — .
Charles L.. Mallory. L. H. Mbrehnuse. ,
A. Piper. D.D. E. J. S. AVright.
A. H. Barringjxm. George E. Copeland.
March Chase. '<¦ Tracy M. Gary.
. Minnesota. "
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies-
Thomas AV. MdLean. Hiram- F. Stevens.
Charles E. Haupt. Frank O. . Osborne. -,
CharlO3 C. Rolllt. ' ' ' - ' :¦
.Charles A. Poole. .' . -". : '¦ ,¦ :
¦' • Mississippi. , _ ;" '.."-. '.'¦'
Clerical Deputies — • 'Lay Deputies —
G. C. Harris. , D.D. : George F; Greene.- ¦
H. H; Messenger. ¦ • AA r . AV. Moore. :
'. .,¦' ¦' Missouri.' ' : '¦*¦'¦ • - ¦
Clerical Deputies—";, ' •. Lay • Deputies— .
James R." Winches- F. J. " McMaster. .
ter. D.D. John R. Triplett. .-:
• Carroll M. Davis. ,; Henry H.»D«nlson.
Edward P -Little. ¦ F. C. ¦ Thompson. •
• AVllliam-A. ;Hatch. -.. .._¦;;,, ;- :. : . ,";
' . . ;. • . .Nebraska: ; ..: .
Clerical Deputies— " Lay Deputies— .
Campbell Fair. D:D. ¦ J. .M. AA'oolwortb.
John Williams. T. L. Rlngwalt. ...
A. E. Marsh. . . ' Clement " Cnase.i -
AVilllam H. Moor. ..; Charles. J. Phelps. .
. •. ¦'¦'' -' ; 'Newark. ' *¦ ;. , ' 1-- .
Glerlcal- Deputies— - - • - Lay Deputies-
George S. Bennltt. Alfred Mills.
Edwin A. AVhlte. Henry Hayes.- \ :'
AV M Husrhes. D.D. William R.- Howe. "
Eiiiot' white:.. ,.' ; •.. :-.%..: "..= •
¦ New Hampshire. ; - •
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies—
Sd.1 C. Roberts. D.D. •: Frank W.. Rollins. :
E. A. Renouf, D.D. . Horace ¦ A. , Brown.
, L. AA'aterman.; D.D.' Josiah Carpenter.; , :
James Gordon. ¦ - ..,¦,'.;
Kentucky.
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies-
John K. Mason. D.D. W. A.vRobltison.
Reverdy E3till. D.D. R. AV. Covington.
C. E. Cralk. D.D.
M. M. Benton.
Lexington. •¦¦ - , ¦
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies—
R. L. McCready. Fcyetto Hewett.
Henry H. Sneed. William H. Cox.
R. Grattan Noland. Frank H. Dudley.
Henry C. Hudglns.
Long Island.
Clerical Deputies — - Lay Deputies —
R. -F. Aslop, D.D. Wllhelmus Mynderse.
Samuel D. McCon- ¦•••.
nell, D.D.
J. G. Bacchus. D.D.
Henry D. AValler. ! .
Los Angeles.
Clerical Deputies— . Lay Deputies—
B. AV. R. Tayler. Daniel Cleveland.
A. G. L. Trew. D.D. Henry T. Lee. .
Henry B. Restarlck. John B. Phillips.
J. D. H. 'Browne. Thomas L. Winder.
Louisiana.
Clerical Deputies — ¦¦
John Perclval, D.D. I C. C. Kramer.
H. C. Duncan. D.D. I
Maine. \
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies—
G. B. Nicholson. John M. Brown. -
C. S. Let fingwell. . ¦ . .
Ivan C. Fortln. •¦¦ .
'Charles F. Lee.
Marquette.
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies— .
John B. Curzon. Peter AVhlte.
J. P. de B. Kaye.
Maryland.
Clerical Deputies— . • Lay Deputies- 1 -
J. H. Eccleston. D.D. Joseph Packard.
J. S. B. Hodges, D.D. Daniel M. Thomas.
Edwin B. Niver. ; I. Thomas Jones.
Peregrine Wroth." .
Massachusetts.^ '
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies—
J. S. Lindsay, D.D. Edward L. Davis.
¦ George Hodges, D.D. Charles G. Saunders.
E. AV. Donald. D.D. A. J. C. Sowdon.
A. Laurence, D.D. ; Robert Treat Paine.
¦ ¦'.': New Jersey.
Clerical Deputies— ¦ Lay Deputies—
A. B. Baker. D.D. . John N. Carpender.
Charles M. I'eiklna. Lewis Perrine.
. II.- H; Oberly. D.D. . Charles Townsend.
James F. Olmsted.
; New York.
Clerical Deputies— Lay Deputies—
AVilllam R. Hunting- J. Pierpont Morgan,
ton. D.D. ; W. Bayard Cutting.
D. H. Greer. D.D. Henry L. Morris.
J. L. Parka. D.D.
J. Grosvenor. .
North. Carolina.
Clerical Deputies— '. Lay Deputies—
M. M. Marshall, D.D. Richard H. Battle.
F. J. Murdoch. D.D. John AVllkes.
Julian E. Ingle. William L. London.
Isaac [ McK. Pitten- James C. Buxton. •»
ger, D.D.
Ohio.
Clerical Deputies— :¦ Lay ¦' Deputies— ¦¦'¦
E. "W. ¦ Worthington. Thomas M. Sloane.
Charles S. Aves. Henry C. Ranney.
Abner L. Frazer. T. H. Walbrldge.
C. D. Williams, D.D.
...... \ Oregon.
Clerical ' Deputies— . : : Lay Deputies-
William' S. Short. F. B Clopton.
AVilllam E. Potwine. George H. Williams.
Thomas N. Wilson.
... Pennsylvania.
Clerical Deputies— : Lay Deputies—
. John.Fulton, D.D. George C. Thomas.'
¦ AV. B. Bodlne, D.D. Francis A. Lewis. ,
C. S. Olmsted. D.D. Rowland Evans. •
• ' " ' : William --W. Frazler.
..i-;. .,.:•; .:¦¦¦ Pittsburg. : ,: 1
• Clerical .¦ Deputies— Lay Deputies-
Franklin S: Spalding. Herbert Du Puy. i »
E. H. Ward. D.D. William L. Lenhart.
R. AV. Granpe. D.D.' Josiah Howard.
John ! H." McCandless.
. . . . Quincy. i
Clerical " Deputies — ¦¦' Lay Deputies —
S \G .Jeffords. . H. A. .Williamson.
. Edpar F.i Gee. > T. B.Martin..
Webster Hakes. Alex do Soland.
• ' ; ¦ i. Bhode Island.
Clerical Deputies— • I ' Lay Deputies—
Emery H;, Porter. iJohn H. Stiness. ; .
CLERICAL AND LAY DEPUTIES WHO ARE IN ATTENDANCE AT THE TRIENNIAL CONVENTION
House of Deputies Honors
a Boston Clergyman.
.""PNiMlf* wr H° UEe ot Deputies.conslsr
' j? \ ln ° °' c l erica l an d lay. mem
/f I bers. was convened yesterday
Ki 1 afternoon In Trinity Church.
The hour set for the conven-
tion to begin was G:33. but it
was Cully half an hour later
ere ihe secretary of the house. Rev. Dr.
Charles L. Hutchins of Concord, Mas:'..
rapped his gavel and «_-ai;ed the deputies
to order.
In the short time that had elapsed be
tween the elope of the morning services,
a force of carpenters had erected a plat
form over the choir stalls In front of the
altar. Poles bearing cards had been fast
rned to tho floor of .the church, so "that
the deputies might find the seats allotted
to the various delegations.
J. Pierpont Morgan sat with the Xew
Tork delegation, five rows from the plat-
Continued on Page Seven.
EPISCOPALIAN CHURCH CONVENTION
Cohtinued From Page One.
Bishops whose dioceses are accounted the
richest in the world sat side by side with
others whose flocks are scattered over
hundreds of dreary miles of northern lat-
Continued on Page Seven.
DR. LINDSEY
IS CHAIRMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 19O1.
HOLDING SESSIONS IN TRINITY CHURCH
f| T is expected that a strong effort
• will be made by the ritualists
. to i secure ' recognition for their
. following on the floor of the con
" yentiq'h. Although it is claimed
¦'¦ that the ritualists . have lost
." .• strength - In x the past few
years -they assert that they represent
fully 20 .per cent of the church of Amer
ica. -The "low", church element does not
allow 1 , this claim and says that the ritual
ists only" number about 7 per cent.
The Bishop of Chicago, Rev Dr. W. E.
McLaren/ is considered the nestor of the
ritualists. The Bishop of Fond du Lac.
ReA\ AV. • H. Graf ton, is a powerful, ad
yocate. of the ritualists and it was in his
diocese that the use of certain emblems
and vestments created a stir in Episcopal
church circles. . . :. : . . ' ¦ ¦ '
The '•troublesome belt" of the church
-comprises "the States of "Wisconsin, Illi
nois and portions of . adjacent territory.
Bishop Nicholson ,of Milwaukee is cpn
sitiered to be a ritualist and many tninK
that he would follow the leaders If called
upon. . ;
Bishop Seymour of Springfield. 111..,
Bishop Taylor of Quincy, 111., Bishop
JVhitehead of Pittsburg. Pa., Bishop Hall
of Vermont and Bishop Francis of In
diana are- all counted on the ritualist
side.
Their views, expressed In the House of
Bishops, cannot be learned, as the upper
house sits In executive session, but when
the prelates sit with the lower house as
the board of missions it is expected that
the ritualistic Bishops will fully vent
their views upon the subject that for
years has caused a conflict to be waged
in the Church of England and the Epis
copal church of the United -States..;.*. L -
Will Pay Old Claims.
Mayor Phelan has 'signed a large* num
ber of judgment claims obtained aealnst
the city by merchants who furniihad sup
plies in 1893. The claims aggregate $134,
831, and as soon as the Auditor has signed
them the holders will receive their money.
Expect to Secure .. .Recpg
' nition in Convention.
5
PRELATES IN. THE ROBES OF THEIR OFFICE MARCHING IN STATELY
PROCESSION, TO TRINITY EPISCOPAL. CHURCH BEFORE BEGINNING
THE SESSIONS OF THE TRIENNIAL GENERAL, CONVENTION.Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Slegert'n Genuine Imported AngMtura Bitters-*
The use of the mosquito is to show us
that troubles are not always in propor
tion to their size. . •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
There' is. 'now' talk in\ Great Britain. of constructing
a tunnel railway from Scotland "to. Ireland so as to
avoid the disagreeable and , dangerous , passage across
the channel, and as financial experts'; estimate that
there is traffic enough to "make the road profitable,
it may be undertaken" in "the near future. •
Drunkenness and all drug habits cured
at Willow. Bark Sanitarium. 1839 Polk. •
"Mr. Dash," the waiter, "a man
just lifted a silver spoon from the table "
"Call the police!" roared the -clerk. "The
man is a^tirfef.','
"But he is one pf our regular guests."
"Ah, then he is doubtless a klepto
maniac. 'You needn't mention it. George."
"And he pays . $5 per day on the -'Ameri
can plan."
"He doesr - Why; the gentleman is a
souvenir collector. How dare you east
reflections on .his character?"— Chica 'o
News. . r-"' 5
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
FOREIGN COUNTRY-Subscrlber Ala
meaa. Cal. The following is given as thP
manner in whleh New Jersey cam" fcy $J
titlfe "foreign country": Joseph Bona
parte, the oldest . brother of NapoleoSTl
came to America and located at Poim
Breeze, near Bordenton, N. J/'Ae iJI
the Legislature of the StIS f Das-f^ tUtlon9 
allowing him as an alien to ™-,f.? an act
hold real estate within the qt/t? as ,r nnd
who opposed the^m spoke of n Tn T 03e
Dartmouth; College has recently held a grand Web
ster memorial celebration and her faculty and grad
uates have 'pointed to the "career of the great orator
as an evidence. that, the small college. has its triumphs
as/ well as any big college; but the country "will not
accept the doctrine' until some small college shows a
first-class football team. -¦ • . •¦. ¦
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.-The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels •
Arlington— N. A. Manly of San Diego, A.
Dutton of Los Angeles; Raleigh— J. T.
McJenklns and wife of Hanford; Ebbitt— •
Mrs. >V. E. Holbry of San Francisco, W.
E. de Groot and wife of Los Angeles. "
Calif ornians in Washington.
CRAYON DRAWINGS— A. • O. S - City
To fix crayon drawings the only method
is the previous preparation of the paper
by washing it with a strong solution of
isinglass. When quite dry the paper Is in
good state to take -the drawing, after
which it should be inverted ana be held
horizontally over steam. That will melt
the. size, which absorbs the charcoal or
H r t y t° h n ' ,f nd , Whe . n !t has a eain become
dry the drawing is fixed.
OLD TIME BALLAD— A. O. S.. City.
If the pld time ballad, "Belle Brandon "
that you heard at one of the theaters re
cently is in print you will have no diffi
culty in obtaining the same from any of
the first class music stores in this city.
FRACTIONAL CURRENCY— Washing
ton, City. A small premium • is offered
for new and crisp fractional currency of
the denomination, of 5, 10 and 25 cents
The premium is according to the issue
of such currency.
BARBERS-J. K., City. The license of
fice should be able to furnish you the
number of licensed barber shops in this
city.
LOSSES BY FIRE-S., City. The losses
by fire during 1900 In the United States
were, it ls estimated, $138,000,000.
SCHLEY— Subscriber, Ukiah, Cal. The
name of Schley Is pronounced Shla, with
the sound of .a as in fate.
te?edTh! t £°T5 hly hSPPy wh « n h « en '
s^'jss^ss.s. 411 a package ia
I wl e ,f 0^ s T thlng here for the woman
I love better than all the world -
i~?°t V he Said sadly - " x don>t ob "
«wi ? « xtrava S a "ce ordinarily, but I do
fS&c^ bUyin * CXPenSl - >—"
hi? Ut '»™% it y ° U see> she 3ud s ed hIl » by
Times nOt hlS heart -~I>enver
fooTs 6 t,> EXCltabIe i^ins Lady, hearing
thSSSTif pa3slns her dressing-room:
thought It was the Irascible Stage Man
ager, against whom she harbored enmity.
Say. you lobster," she called, in her
sweet, cultivated accents. "I want you
"Excuse me," interrupted the Producer
of the Footsteps. "I am not the lobster.
I am only the supe."
For. Indeed. It wag the young man who
eaen matinee and evening announced that
the carriage was waiting.— Chicago Jour
nal. •'. .* ;;{-
In commenting on. a recent paragraph
reflecting on the proverbial thinness of
Boston girla. the Boston Globe- says:
"They aren't so thick here as Some
think."
"But who thinks they are thick?" add3
the Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Tom-Mary, did I understand you that
cC , attaC S f rheuma «^ was by
Christian Science, so-called?
N °' Slr ' The att *ck'of Christian
matlsm.— Buffalo News.
HALF OF /27-J. K, City. - A half-dol
lar of 1827 does not command a premium
from dealers.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.-The following Cal
ifornians are in ' New .York: From : San
Francisco— Mrs. Cecil,.: Mrs. H. M. Jen
kins, at the Manhattan; A. W. Liechte,
at the Grand;. P. B. Bekeart; at the Im
perial; . D. H. Jones, at the Hoffman; J.
H. Flathman, at the Hotel 1 Morton; Q.
Rose and wife, at the Hotel Cadillac; Mrs.
A. Strong, at the Holland House.
Californians in New York.
Louis Kaiser, United States Consul at
Mazatlan, is here on a vacation and Is
staying at the Grand. '
Major William Gorman Gamble of the
United States Quartermaster's Depart
ment Is expected to return shortly frohi
Oregon. He will be again stationed In
this city.
Frank J. Carr has returned to the city
after a 1 two months' trip to Bartlett
Springs. . .
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento ls. at
the Grand.
F. A. Hlhn, a capitalist of Santa Cruz,
|s at the Palace.
* E. C Smith, a banker of Pacific Grove,
Is at the Grand. " '-. -
Ben -U. Steinman, ex-Mayor' of - Sacra
mento, Is at the Palace. . '¦¦',¦" '_,
John. T. Cameron, an extensive cattle
dealer of Newman, is at the Lick. ¦
H. Postlethwaite, a well known' mer
chant of San Josej is at the Lick.
Clinton B. Hale, a prominent resident of
Santa Barbara, is : at the Occidental. '
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
AT a recent meeting of the" "Howard Associar
tion of Criminal Experts," a British organi
zation devoted to the study, of penology,
some reports were made concerning the American
system of jails,, and it -appears the experts
pronounced the system to be much worse than that
which obtains in British jails of a similar grade.
Some of our contemporaries have met this criticism
with a vigorous and emphatic denial. It seems to
be the opinion of many of -them that the criticism
upon our jails was virtually an assaiHt upon our
government, and the Atlanta Constitution goes so
far as to say: "The American newspaper that
would uphold any of the charges made by the How
ard Association is untrue to its country."
We have not seen the charges, made by the How
ard Association, and consequently we can neither upy
hold them nor refute them. We have noted, . how
ever, in some of our contemporaries' statements in
tended to prove the American system better than
the British, but which in our estimation prove the
reverse. For example, the Boston Globe says:
"America's alleged increase of! crime, "as compared
with the reported contrary tendency in Great Britain,
is cited as proof of the superior efficiency of British
penal methods. The severity of some of the. British
and Continental jails may possibly work to decrease
crime abroad by, driving criminals out of the coun
try. Certain it is that here in America we have been
obliged to receive some of the refuse of foreign jails.
Some of the British prisons have been notorious dis
graces to the human race. While the prison system
in some cases in this country has been lamentable
enough, the general tendency has been to make them
as humane .as-is^ compatible- with justice. Indeed,
some. maintain that we have erred on the r side of
leniency." .V ' -. :'_'•¦'-¦'
Accepting that statement as- true, th^ question
arises: Why should a jail /which, induces :
criminals to leave the country be deemed-a bad sys
tem? Why should a system that attracts the crimi-'
nal elements of other countries be deemed a good
system? - If the British jails put a stop to crime, or.
at least notably diminish it, and the American jail is
so pleasant as to prove a welcome resting-place ;|or
tramps during the winter months, why should burs
be deemed the better of the two? VAre jails designed
for the encouragement of petty crimes and .the-mani
festation of a. tender humanity/toward the criminals?
> The_CalI believes in patriotism. It is ready and
prompt to uphold any American institution* when as
sailed by a foreigner, but it does not believe that the
county jail system, either in Boston or Atlanta, or
even in some California counties, is above legitimate
criticism by' expert penologists, Certainly no county
in America has yet had any -remarkable success in
dealing with the petty criminals that make-: up .the
habitual inmates of county jails,' and if the Howard
Association can furnish any plan by which we v can
make criminals leave the country or/quit. the trade
it will be worth oiir while to consider it seriously and
not reject it simply because the county jail is an
"American institution/' *-
THE Saturday Evening Post notices the alarm
ing prevalence of typhoid in Philadelphia, ad
mitting that it is the chronic summer condition
in that city. For years the public water supply has
been reeking with filth, and jobbery in the manage
ment of the water suppty, under municipal ownership,
has either prevented any attempt at betterment, or
when such attempt has been made conditions have
become worse, since the consumers, relying upon
official statements that the water was all right, have
been freer and less cautious in its use. It is said that
in all the history of Philadelphia's ownership of the
water supply the municipal government* has been a
willing captive of speculators who know how to make
money for themselves out of the public necessities.
The oldest water plants in the United States under
municipal ownership are those of Washington City,
Philadelphia, Xew York and Boston, and it is an in-,
teresting fact that^for a large part of every year the
water in each of those cities is unfit or dangerous for
potable uses. There is no city with its supply in pri
vate ownership that can show such a record of neg
lect of the public health, which may be affected by
water-borne diseases.
One point put forward in the advocacy of public
ownership is the greater cheapness of the water. But
this point is impossible of proof because nowhere
do the municipal accounts show the oost to the tax
payers, who are also water rate payers, of the public
supply.
It is to be hoped that this phase of the question
will be taken hold of by State Legislatures and that
laws will be passed compelling cities which have gone
into business, in street railroads, water and lighting
plants, to keep their accounts exactly as the accounts
of corporations engaged in the same lines of business
are kept. Only then can anything be known about
the cost cf a municipal water supply. If the claim of
the municipal ownership advocates -now made rela
tive to the comparative cost of water by the two sys
tems, private and public, made upon the face of the
present erroneous system of accounts, be true, it is
evident that correct accounting will show that the
private supply is the cheaper, for the difference
clamed ls such a narrow margin that it will disappear
when it becomes possibly to get a correct balance
from mumapal accounts. This factor in the problem
determined .there remains the question of sanitation !
*s affected by the water supply. Here appears the
cxpenence of Pbiladelph.a, bec* use . f or the bettcr
part of a century the quality of her supply has been
deteriorating, and no effort by the city government
has availed to correct the evil.
At the present time several millions oi dollars have
been put in the hands of the government *f that _-. tv
to purify the water, but the Philadelphia pa Per savs .
"It is probable that the betterment will be l* ss; f '
the citizens than for those who are undertakin ***
bring it about. In any case, long before the citfzen°
obtain the filtered water promised them there it
ample thnc tor typhoid an& other impure water dis
eases to reap their grim death harvest."
Does any one imagine that if a corporation owned
the Philadelphia water plant it would have taken
nearly a century to call it to account and compel it to
purify the supply? Or does any one believe that
when the corporation was compelled to do so the
consumers would be in doubt whether they were
to be benefited in the end? f
The lesson is that government can compel to be
done well that which it cannot do well itself. It will
be interesting to know whether the twelve millions
that Philadelphia spends for filters will be charged
to betterments of the plant and appear as part° <5 f >
the cost of the water supply, or be put to some other
recount in order tfot members of. the city govern
ment may continue to boast. of the cheapness of the
Public water. - - - . ;. C
It is stated that the British , Government has ex
pended the sum of $5,000,060' in Missouri and Kansas
alone for horses and nlules with which to carry on the
war against the Boers, and the breeders of those
States are noting with satisfaction that there are no
signs of any speedy end to the struggle. & : ::$-
BY way of celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of
its first publication theNew/York Times re
cently issued a fac-simile of the first edition
of the.paper, together with an elaborate history of its
career from that time to this/Taken together the two
constitute a striking proof that sensationalism," bf any
other-form of freak and folly, are not necessary to
the success of journalism in this country. .From the
start the Times has been. a legitimate new«(paper, ap
pealing to the intelligence of the public, and it has
found a support sufficient to enable it to grow from
a four-page paper. when it began 6n September 18,
1851, to the large and handsome journal it' is to-day!
There have been many improvements in the world
since the first copy of the Times was published, and
a glance at the fac-simile of that copy shows a con
siderable number of them. k In the first place the
European news was obtained from papers two or
three weeks old that had" been brought over by the
slow-going steamers of those" days, for there were no
ocean cables. In the second; place the principal item
of home news was an account of a fugitive slave riot
in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, and attention is
thus directed to the bad conditions of the old'slavery
days.
.On the other hand, the paper affords evidences that
the people of the world were much the same then
as they are now. Thus in an account given of the
visit of President Fillmore to Boston the writer says:
"I am informed that the true friends of the Presi
dent took no part in the formal preparations to re
ceive him, because of the officiousness of certain in
dividuals." It will be perceived from that statement
that^ Presidential receptions then were not widely dif
ferent from those of our time. The officious men
took front seats and the true friends were crowded
-but. Oilier items of "note are a discussion of the Nica
ragua canal route and Great Britain's relations to
it,^and aUetter taken from the, London '-Times dis
.cussing how the British' could win back the yacht cup
that; the America had captured.- In the fifty years
that .have passed since that bygone day when the
light' of the sun first .saw the. Times there' have been
many discussions on those subjects, but they, are still
unsettled.; The cup as yet remains with us, and • the
canal is still in the air.'
¦In-tHe course"of its longcareer the Times of course
has had. varying popularity and influence. Its found
ers, Henry J. Raymond and George: Jones, have a
high place in the history of . American ; journalism.
They made the Times a power in the nation, and the
present proprietors and editors are- to be congratu
lated on the success with: which they have kept up the
best traditions of their predecessors and continue to
make the Times an dxemplar of legitimate jour
nalism. ¦ •¦.•.'• . : • ¦;;¦-¦¦ ... '.-;.
The Chutes and Zoo will have a "la
?n eS a ddVMn a T, Cle^ 8C fu as spec!al attraction
vau^iJe^enStaSmeifrVn^ 1 Trl aTsJ
&nt h ™ m £Y lng " Ic tures Portraits of Presi
dent McKinley at the Buffalo Exposition.
The Gagnoux. Richards and Relyca.
nHwn^ 0 " 1 !' Sam Holfl3W °rth. Lynton
and Wilde, Agnes George and Hlnrichs*
weekTnV^J^ 116 , 1 "' 3 attr actlons of the
week and are offering excellent fare to
the patrons of the popular concert-house.
Wilfred Clarke and company. Boyce and
Wilson, Madge Fox, Arnold Grazer and
Blanche Treleese ; the Svengalis. -press
Eldrldge, Parros brothers and Dorothy
Morton are the Orpheum entertainers this
week. The Svengalis continue to mystify
and amuse, the clever children, Arnold
Grazer and Blanche Trelease, have mads
strong hits, ana Press Eldrldge has a n*w
budget of songs and jokes that never fail.
Wilfred Clarke and company and Boyce
and Wilson in clever sketches are also
favorites, and Madge Fox and Dorothy
Morton, with the Parros brothers, com
plete the good bilk
ties, a his ballet and any number of
amusing features. Eeats are on sale at
Sherman & Clay's, and the prices are 1)
and 25 cents for the matinees and 10. 25
and 50 cents for the evening perform
ances.
"The Brownies in Fairyland," that
charming creation of Palmer Cox, will be
presented at the Alhambra on Saturday
afternoon next. Seven performances will
be given and 2fiO little ones will take part.
The management announces fifty special-
"Kidnapped" is a big drawing card at
the Central Theater, where it is being
presented In a most attractive manner.
The drama is live and exciting, while
there is a constant fire of rollicking hu
mor that keeps the audience laughing
from beginning to the end. The scenic
features are especially noteworthy. "Bea
con Lights" goes on next. week. —
The Alcazar will put on next week the
ever-amusing Gillette*'? farce "Too_ Much
Johnson," which has always been" one of
the favorite bills at the Alcazar.. It is a
rollicking, merry comedy, full of humor
and vim, and should serve to show the
new stock company to its best advantage.
The new leading man, Mr. Alsop, will be
seen as Billings, alias Johnson, and from
his work this week should be amply.qual
ifled to fill the bill. "Liberty Hall" goes
this week with much spirit. •
company of the house, notably by Miss
Adele Belgarde, the Portia of the cast.
Next week Mr. Haworth will be seen as
Hamlet, in which he should be at his
best. x . ; -•• . ' . ; >¦
A QUESTION OF JAILS.
THE NEW YORK TIMES.
STARS IN THE HISTRIONIC FIRMAMENT WHO ARE ATTRACTING
ATTENTION AMONG "THOSE OF THEIR ~ OWN PROFESSION AND
PLEASING AUDIENCES IN THE THEATERS OF THIS CITY
TYPHOID PROM WATER.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mr. Haworth has this week added an
other item to the debt of gratitude that
the patrons of the Grand Opera-house
owe him by his production of "The Mer
chant of "Venice," the current bill. Though
one may sometimes differ from the actor
in his conception of a part, his work,
thoughtful, intelligent and admirably con
scientious, must always be received with
respect, and admiration. Mr. Haworth's
Shylock is a clever effort, and in some de
gree he is well supported by the stock
"Carmen" is still crowding the Tivoll
though now In the fourth week of its pre
sentation. The other bill of the' week is
the favorite double bill, "Cavalleria Rus
tleana" and "I Pagliacci," in which Sa-
Iassa and Tonlo is adding Importantly to
his brilliant reputation. Castellano is also
doing excellent work in the part of Canio.
In "Cavalleria" the Turiddu is splen
didly sung by Agostini, and Santuzza is
done by Barbareschi. In response to a
large demand the success of last week
but one, ."Nabucco," will be repeated.
"Nabucco," under the inspiriting leader
ship of. Paul Stelndorff, has aroused a
Quite remarkable enthusiasm for the first
operatic success of Verdi, and will be a
very welcome revival. "The Masked Ball"
will be the alternating bill. -
The advance sale for Herrmann the
Great opens this morning. - The famous
magician begins a week's engagement at
the California on Sunday night, bringing
with him this time many new and start
ling illusions. Judging from Eastern re
ports Herrmann has Vastly Improved over
his former' performances in this city, and
is now eminently fitted to bear the illus
trious title to which he has succeeded. As
a pure sleight-of-hand performer Herr
mann is acknowledged to be the best' In
the business. ¦ .¦'
West's Minstrels are doing a tremend
ous business this week at the California,
packing the popular playhouse to • the
doors at every .performance. To-night al
most an entire change of bill will be pre T
sented, including new jokes by Billy Van
and other attractive features.
their efforts, and Ida Doerge is a clever
and Frances Gordon a pretty girl. There
are to be Sunday night performances dur
ing the engagement. .
The lesson has been a costly one, but fortunately the moral is plain. The strike has
ended like all others started upon such pretexts as thi& The amount that has been.lost to
the employers during the struggle may to some extent be made up by them through" the
process, of increasing the price of their commodities, but the losses of the workingmen
can never be regained. They can never recall the days that were passed in idleness nor
obtain the wages they might have earned during all these weeks. Nor will the commani
ty ever make up the loss resulting from the suspension of traffic, and the cost of the ef
forts, to maintain the peace, The price has been paid. Now let us profit by it so that we
will notHiave. to take another lesson of this kind for many a vear to come.
Bad as the strike was in its effects upon the industries and' trade of the community
and of the State, the public will have no word of blame for. the industrious and law
abiding workingmeu of the unions who took part in it. ' They were the victims of lead
ers who forced the strike upon the unions in order that those leaders might have a chance
of posing before the public and of making a pretentious showing of earning the salaries
paid to them out of the fees and dues collected from the industrious. Later jon the strikers
were further ill advised by the pxaminer and by certain inflammatory speakers who 1 ve
hemently insisted th.it the business men of the city were trying to crush the poor into
slavery, and that unless they continued to fight they would be reduced to a condition
worse than that of the serfs of Russia or the slaves of old Rome. . , . • -¦
By their clamors and falsehoods these leaders and demagogues managed to prolong
the strike for weeks after the more reasonable and intelligent workingmen were willing
to settle it. They also provoked the lawless to commit those assaults that have in so
many cases resulted in death. They have done their worst, and now the . members
of the unions can look back over the record of the strike and see what such leadership
has cost them, and upon what false pretenses' it was asserted. -¦¦¦
OVER the settlement of the strike in this city there will be "wejl nigh 'universal
rejoicing. Only thpse who fomented and encouraged it, the walking delegates,
the' yellow journal, and the inflammatory writers and orators who were gain
ing notoriety from it, will be dissatisfied. ;As_a whole the_cdmmunity will find
abundant cause for gratification in the ending of a struggle "^
begun and which after entailing heavy losses threatened to culminate in serious riots and
disturbances. ; . ¦ :"•"¦. -.. v •
There;- was rejoicing in many a workingman's home last evening when the news was
received that; the strike was over and the workers are to returri to their work. The wolf
of destitution that threatened the family vanished when the glad announcement was
made. Once more the days are to be passed in earnest industry instead of idling about
the streets, and'once more wages are to come regularly to. support the home. The sav
ings of past years are not to be drawn upon any longer for daily bread and supplies, but. on
the contrary there are now' to come earnings which will afford an opportunity for more
savings. . " : '- •¦ :
Nor is it in the homes of workingmen. only that there has been rejoicing. The strug
gle affected to a greater or less extent almost every class in the community. There is
hardly any trade or industry that did not suffer some injury from the prolongation of a
struggle that disturbed business and menaced the peace of the community. Even beyond
the city the news of the settlement will go as glad tidings, for now there will be an end
to the restraints that have been upon the shipment of the crops of the farmers. Traffic
will move forward again, goods will obtain a prompt access to their markets, capital will
begin to circulate and pouring into the channels of trade through the medium ofwajres
will quicken/activity in all lines and restore to the city its wonted prosperity. :"".-¦/
• With all this rejoicing The Call has the fullest and heartiest sympathy. From the first
it has deplored the strike and has endeavored to hasten the settlement of it upon terms
that would be satisfactory to all. There was indeed no reason' why the struggle should
have been waged so bitterly or continued so long. The unions were not striving for
any benefit for labor generally, nor for their own members. There was at stake no ques
tion of hours nor of wages. The members of the unions were satisfied with their pay,
with the labor and with their employers. They were called out to make a so-called
'sympathetic" strike upon the wild cry that rich men had*, organized, to (lestroy. labor
unionism. ' .
THE STRIKE SETTLED.
OPERA, MINSTRELSY AND DRAMA
SERVED TO THE THEATER-GOERS
ONE of T.fce very best things of its
kind is. the Columbia bill of the
week, the sparkling "Florcdora,"
which" Is crowding the " pretty
theater to its capacity. The mu
sic is bright and catchy,' the lines are
funny, there is a plot that can be dis
cerned without a telescope and, not least,
there are bunches of pretty girls, smartly
gowned and set in scenery that satisfies
the most exacting. The famous "sextet"
is all our prophetic orchestras have paint
ed it and. Is encored nightly with an en
thusiasm that hnows no limit. Grace Dud
ley is the individual hit of the piece,
which otherwise depends safely on Its
sparkling ensemble; but the pretty actreas
in question is a new type here, a<jd the
audiences demand "more" with unfailing
regularity. Phil Ryley, W. T. Carleton
and Charles H. Bowers also succeed in
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1901.
fW4*^ , ,. i^^fc^ii (0l2flJlJl.
THURSDAY. . ...... v .. ;' OCTOBER 3, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
lilrtn All Cesustntsition* to W. 6. LEAKE, • Manager.
.MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Freaa rjO4
I'UBLICATIOX OFFICETTTMarl^^anX^lrdrsrF?
¦-V^Z__ Telephone Press 201.
California— VTcrt's MlnstyU. '-.•
Grand Opera-bouse — "T3»a Merchant of Venice.".
. Columbia — "Florodora," f .
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Central— "Kidnaped." ¦ r
Alcazar— "Liberty Hall."
Tlvoll — "Cavallerla Rusticana." and "I Paj;llaccl." .-
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlnj.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Racreatlon Park— Baseball.
Alhambra Theater — "The Brownies In Fairyland," Satur
day afternoon.
Butro Baths— Open nlghU.
6
AUCTION ftAT.Tft,
By E. Watkins— Saturday, October 5, at 11 o'clock, Hors«s,
at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
Br G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, October 7, at 12 o'clock,
Crocka Estate Prop*rtifg, at 14 Montgomery street.
WHAT D0E51TALL MEAN?
IN connection with the recent assassina-
tion of President McKinley will the Exam-
iner please tell what it meant when on
Februarys 1900, "it published, from its
Washington correspondent, the following:
"The bullet that pierced Goebel's chest
Cannot be found in all the West;
Good reason. It is speeding here
To stretch McKinley on his bier."
WHAT IS AN ANARCHIST?
THE following deadly editorial appeared in
Hearst's New York Evening Journal on
May 22, 1901, less than six months be-
fore President McKinley was shot down
by a pupil of yellow journalism:
"What is an anarchist?"
"According to accepted definitions, issued
by the higher classes of society, an anarch-
ist is one who tries to do something useful
that has never been done before.
"There is a change coming some day,
whether the gentlemen who denounce char-
ity as anarchy want the change or not."Attack on Miners' Homes.
Duke and Duchess Return Eastward.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 2.— The Duke
and Duchess of" Cornwall and York left
by his Majesty's ship Empress of India
nt 10 o'clock to-night for Vancouver,
having again turned their faces to the
east for their homeward trip, which will
occupy just a month, : Including stops at
all the larger cities in Canada and a
short one on the prairies to enjoy a
hunting trip. .
SEATTLE, Oct. 2.— Captain A. G.
Banks, sentenced to three years' impris
onment for obtaining money under false
pretenses at Nome, escaped from Deputy
United States Marshal Whldden at a
local hotel this afternoon. He is still at
large. Banks, with several other Federal
prisoners, arrived this afternoon from
Nome on the steamship Queen.
Escapes From Deputy Marshal.
. CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 2.— The brig
ands who carried off Miss Helen H.
Stone, the American missionary, and her
companion, Mme. Tsilka, a Bulgarian
lady, have fixed October 8 as. the limit
of time for the payment of the ransom,
$110,000, demanded for Miss Stone's re
lease. The hiding place of the brigands
has not yet been discovered and the de
lay accorded by the abductors is taken
to indicate that they consider their re
treat Quite secure.
Bandits Want Money Early.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— Lieutenant
Colonel John M. Mclnnis, ordnance de
partment, has been ordered to San Fran
cisco for duty as chief ordnance officer
of the Department of California. ¦
New Ordnance Officer Coming.
To-day J. Price, the owner of the place,
called, and, finding. it closed proceeded to
investigate. He summoned Officer Cooley
and they looked through the window into
Currier's sleeping room and saw him ly
ing dead on the bed. An examination
showed no marks of violence. The Coro
ner proposes to have an fnquest, and as
*a preliminary an autopsy was held. The
physicians who performed it say that they
found all the organs healthy. They dis
covered "four marks such as. would have
been made by a hypodermic syringe. They
declined to state their views as to what
caused death until they testify at the in
quest. r
Currier was about 57 and his wife 27
year3 of age.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 2.— The police are In
vestigating the death of Charles H. Cur
rier, which occurred under circumstances
thsft are very peculiar. ' Currier kept a
cigar store' at 1534 H street. Less than
a month ago he married Mrs. Mattie Fur
guson, who had arrived in this city from
Colorado Springs, with her three children
by a prior marriage. She came a few
days before the ceremony. After the
wedding Currier and his wife and-children
occupied rooms in the rear of the cigar
store. The last seen of him alive was on
Monday night. Early yesterday morning
an acquaintance of the family was sur
prised to see the cigar store open. Soon
afterward an express wagon called and
took three trunks and the children to the
Santa. Fe depot, where they were joined
by Mrs. Currier and the entire party took
the train for Los Angeles. Later the store
was closed. -^
San Diego Officials Investigating
Mysterious Demise of Charles
H. Currier.
YOUNG WIFE MISSING;
HUSBAUD FOTTNT* DEAD
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct 2.— At the an
nual meeting- of the Maricopa Club to
night a petition of members to the board
of . directors was presented, liberally
signed, asklffg that the directors exclude I
from the tables of the club the San Fran
cisco Examiner, and giving- as a reason
that it represents the worst type of yel
low journalism and is inimical to good
society and good government. The time
has arrived tor the renewal of club sub
scriptions and the* question was brought
before the meeting not for tlnai action, as
that rests with the directors, but for the
purpose of getting an expression of opin
ion from the members in general. Tha
ratification of the petition was voted for
ancU carried by a large majority.
Tne Maricopa Club is the most preten
tious social organization in the city and
its membership . roll contains the names
of nearly all the leading business merf
and many well known officials. The
Hearst papers were all included in the
category, but the Examiner was made
the object of the movement, as the others
are not taken by the club.
"Some of the other news stands in the
city have cut down their Examiner
orders one-half."
LOS. ANGELES. Oct. 2.— The leading
three hotels in this city have barred the
Examiner from their premises. To-day's
Los Angeles Times says:
"The abomination of the Examiner has
reached such a stage in this city that the
proprietors of the Van Nuys, "Westmin
ster and Hollenbeck hotels have excluded
the assassin-breeding sheet from their
news stands. They are also taking every
step possible to avoid the inauguration of
a - reign of dissatisfaction among hotel
help here, similar to that which the Ex
aminer preached so successfully in the
north.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Los Angeles Hostelries
Taboo Anarchistic
tress. .
HOTELS EXCLUDE
HEARST'S PAPERS
Portals." The collection was for the ben
efit of home and foreign missions: The
holy communion was then given by Bish
op Tuttle of Missouri, assisted by the
Bishops who stood within the chancel
rail. All the Bishops and the clerical, and
lay deputies partook of the consecrated
bread and wine, while stillness prevailed
In every portion of the church.
At the close of the communion service
the choir and congregation' sang the an
cient chant "Gloria in Excelsis," and the
procession of Bishops was again formed
and left the church, the senior Bishops
walking ahead. The choir sang hymn 491,
"The Church's One Foundation is Jesus
Christ, Our Lord,"- as the recessional, and
the distinguished gathering dispersed.
Continued From Page Four.
SOLEMN SERVICE IH TRINITY CHURCH
Trinity Church was far too small to ac
commodate all who desired to be present
at the solemn opening services. The ritual
was a most impressive 'one, and the ser
mon, preached by the venerable Bishop
Morris of Oregon, was listened to with
rapt attention.
At the conclusion -of the morning ser
vice the Bishops and deputies dispersed,
to meet again in the afternoon, when the
work of the convention began. The house
of Bishops met in executive session, while
the house of deputies, consisting of cler
ical and lay members, convened in public
session.
The work of the convention will last for
nineteen days, and in that time some of
the most vital questions and subjects con
nected with the Episcopal church will be
discussed and action taken on them.
ltudes and whose charges are poor In this
world's goods. There were also present
prelates from far off countries, two rep
resenting the great established Church of
England and two American dignitaries
raised from the ranks of the colored man.
Bankers, lawyers, business men of all
callings, standing at the head of their
own home communities, were present in
the' capacity of lay deputies. Ministers
who preside over congregations worship
ing- in costly edifices and others who meet
in humble houses of prayer met on the
floor of Trinity Church, not for self-ad
vancement, but for the cause of their
church at iarge.
Hundreds of the gentle sex took part In
the convention opening. They were pres
ent as workers in the cause of the Epis
copal church, and have devoted their lives
to the care of the mission homes and hos
pitals. «
Crowds Fill Trinity Church.
The secretary then announced that the
nominations were closed and the Rev.
Dr. Huntington was recognized and spoke
as follows:
I am jiot indifferent to the high dignity of
the position which the indulgent gentlemen, my
colleagues of the diocese of New York, confer
upo,i me. The dignity is enhanced, let me add,
by the character of the adminstration of him
who for the past fifteen years presided over
the deliberations of this holy body. The honor is
one than which there is none higher to be cov
eted. For reasons that are abundantly (satis
factory to my own mind, and which I could
The nomination of Rev. .Dr. Lindsay of
Boston was seconded by the delegations
from Massachusetts, Los Angreles, South
ern Virginia, Arkansas, Virginia and
Rhode Island. .
The Rev. Dr. Talbot of West Missouri
placed the name of the Rev. Dr. Cameron
Mann of his State in nomination.
The Rev. Dr. ' Hodges of Maryland
placed the- name of the Rev. J. F. Lind
say of Boston, Mass., in nomination.
The Rev. X>r. Clark of Michigan put for
ward the name of the Rev. Rees F. Alsop
of Long: Island. ¦ -- .
The Rev. Dr. Winchester of Missouri
nominated Rev. Dr. Davenport of Tennes
see.
In his absence New York has the name of
another distinguished son of the church to pre
sent who has all the natural requirements for
the office. He has had a long and faithful serv
ice and without . regard to or heeding his per
sonal wishes in the matter, the New York dele
gation presents the name of Rev. Dr. Hunting
ton, D. D., of Trinity Church, New York.
Rev. Dr. Greer of New York nominated
the Rev. Dr. Huntington of Trinity
Church, New York City, in the following
words: ¦ • .
I presume under the ruling of the secretary
it is not in order for me to say anything at
all, except perhaps to venture to record to this
holy body the absence of him who for five suc
cessive terms has presided with so much grace,
courtesy, dignity and Impartiality over the de
liberations of this house. If he were here now
I. am sure he would be re-elected by a unani
mous vote.
York, Is Named for Chairman,
but Gracefully Withdraws. ;
Rector of Trirjity Church, New
DR. GREER NOMINATES
REV. DR. HUNTINGTON
A majority of the house being present, nom
inations for the election of a presiding of fleer
will now be in order, according to the rules of
the house. It Is understood that there will be
no nominating speeches.
Assistant secretaries Rev. Henry An
stice of Philadelphia, Rev. Edward
Worthington of Cleveland, Ohio; Rev.
Carroll M. Davis of St. Louis, Mo., and
William C. Prout of Herkimer, New
York, had prepared the list of the cleri
cal and lay members of the house and
they were called over by the Rev. Dr.
Hutchins. As the names were called
each member answered and at the end
of half an hour it was announced by the
secretary that 350 deputies were. present.
Secretary Hutchins then said:
form- His associates were Bayard Cut
ting-, Rev. Dr. Greer and Rev. Dr. Hunt
ington. Banker Charles Thomas of Phila
delphia, a partner of Morgan, sat with
the Pennsylvania delegation, close to the
seats of the New Yorkers. The entire
lower floor of the church was laid out for
the deputies and those in the rear of the
edifice will be allowed to-day to occupy
the galleries, owinsr to the poor acoustic
properties of the church. As soon- as the
proceeding's began yesterday the deputies
in the rear of the building complained
that they could not hear the speakers in
front of the building or those who were
on the platform.
When Rev. • Dr. Hutchins called the
meeting to order he did so in the follow
ing words:
Members of the House of Deputies will please
come to order. The secretary will now call the
roll of the deputies.
Holy. Communion Service.
The offertory was then' sung- ' arid ' con
sisted of Gounod's creation ""Unfold -Ye
Alaska needs ten more ordained missions;
Olympia six, Boise seven, California six. In
the whole eastern ' part of Oregon, twice the
size of the State of Maine, we have but six
clergymen. There are hundreds of ¦• square
miles where our Savior is as unknown as he is
in China. ' ' <
It is a crying shame. The spiritual condition
of these people is ' f earfuL '-
We must launch our nets and gather them
In • at the command of our master. These
frivolous Questions of copes, miters, candles
and Incense are mere trifles when compared to
the mighty question I speak about. . We should
not waste time on these trifles and forget this
mighty question. Let us . not forget the mill-
Ions to whom we were commanded to "carry
the gospel of our Lord. ; . • . • -. - -
Of the slow progress of the church westward,
it was said in 1866 by Bishop Stevens: "How
much have we lost by the delay? While we
have hesitated others have pushed forward.
The children of our church have gone hungry
while we have held back." . :.
Our people in the East lack knowledge of
the chances for the growth of the church here.
The whole Western country north of California
is a terra incognita to the people of the East.
This Northwestern corner of our country is
usually ¦ regarded as a very slow and back
ward country. I was ordained Just at the time
this country .was acquired by the United
States. Forty-five years ago there was not a
white settler in this Northwest country. The
hostile Indian had driven all the white, settlers
out. •
Is it any wonder that the progress of the
church in this district has been slow?
Oh, blessed master, when will the time come
when thy children, will lavish their strength
and money as the children of the world have
done to gather in their children, to bring thy
hosts to the kingdom of heaven?
It happens by an accident of years that he
¦wlio comes to be your preacher on this the
first occasion of your meeting on these distant
shores ot the PacMc is himself a resident of
this land. It is well known to all persons fa
miliar with the early history of the -.United
States that for long years the Western part
was little cared for and thought of beyond
Its being a haven for the savage and a profit
able hunting ground for the fur trader and
his employes. President Roosevelt, Daniel
Webster and Henry Clay, among many others,
have contributed to the literature on this
point. The two latter in their speeches in
Congress told the people what a desert land
this Western country was and how profitless
to the purposes of civilization. •
The purchase of Alaska was ridiculed. . It
was a most unpopular measure; referred to as
an unprofitable piece of speculation.
It is of this country, Alaska, that its Gov
ernor, Brady, says that it i has the greatest
latent richea of any State in the Union.
ing that you have come together here in this
far-off part of our country. It is the final
•object and end of everything that you say
and do.
Is much pleasanter when It is observed on
an artistic timepiece. We have just re
ceived a large shipment of gold clocks,
the finish of which Is incomparably beau
tiful. Yet they are ' reasonable in price.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
The Flight of Time
The presiding officer then appointed the
Rev. Dr. Foute of San Francisco and
Deputy Fairbanks of Florida to convey
the message to the House of Bishops.
The Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York
presented a resolution that the reports
of the committee on constitutional
amendments be received this morning-,
but It was voted down by the acceptance
of a substitute offered by the Rev. Dr.
Fulton of Pennsylvania providing that the
committee on rules and order, when it
should be appointed, be requested to con
sider and report at Its earliest conve
nience the more important matters of
business now awaiting action at the
hands of the house, and report also the
order in which such matters might be
most conveniently disposed of by the or
ganization.
Considerable discussion then followed as
to the adoption of a resolution to fix the
hour at which the house should convene
each morning. Some of the deputies fa
vored meeting at 9 a. . m., while others
desired that the hour of 10 be selected.
A compromise was finally effected, and
the time for meeting 1 each morning will
be 9:30. The house will sit each day from
that hour until 1 p. m. and adjourn for
two hours. The afternoon sessions will
be from 3 p. m. until 5 p. m. V \
With the* adoption of the resolution fix
ing the daily hour of meeting' the conven
tion adjourned until this morning.
Gentlemen, brethren, have we not something
to do in this convention of 1901, this first con
vention of the new century? Let us then, I
beseech you, for I speak to you as my breth
ren and my friends, begin to-day a simple and
businesslike session, using the time, short or
long, with good common sense, with genuine
devotion and trying to make the best of our
time, in devising schemes and passing laws
which, like those passed by -our fathers and
which have come down to us through the cen
tury, shall reach into the coming century,
praying God that he may make us of one mind
in this house and may cause a right Judg
ment to be exercised in all things that we
shall do to Eet forward the safety, honor and
welfare of our church.
The Rev. Dr. Beatty of Kansas then
placed the name of the Rev. Dr. Hutch
ins in nomination for the office of secre
tary of the house, stating that he had
performed a similar office at the last two
conventions of the church. M. Fairbanks,
representing the Florida delegation, and
Major Hooper j'or the California deputies
heartily seconded the nomination, and the
assistant secretary, the Rev. Dr. Anstice,
was authorized to cast the ballot of the
house for the election of Dr. Hutchins.
A unanimous affirmative reply from the
entire house showed the popularity of Dr.
Hutchins.
At this point a message was presented
from the house of Bishops by its secre
tary, the Rev. Dr. Hart, announcing that
it had convened and elected the Bishop
of Kentucky as chairman and Dr. Hart
as secretary and that it was ready to
proceed to business.
Deputy Fairbanks of Florida moved
that a committee be appointed to Inform
the House of Bishops that the organiza
tion of the lower house had been perfect
ed and that it was also ready to proceed
with its work.
Then, further, when I remember again that
this is not a collection of self-seeking politi
cians, but an assemblage of churchmen, every
one loyal to his church, having come here, not
for his personal advancement or for the ad
vancement of any party with which he may be
affiliated, but in simple, supreme devotion to
that great church which we love and honor,
that every one intends to sink every personal
consideration in the great aim of advancing
this church. I feel certain that our delibera
tions will move on smoothly and rapidly.
Finally, there are some thoughts that ought
to be Inspiring to us. We have come for the
first time to this unique city, fresh and splen
did in its history and noble in its opportunities
and Us outlook. We are standing here near
the very spot where first the English service
was celebrated upon this continent of America,
and we ought to catch the spirit of this new
civilization and feel deeply desirous to do some
thing to contribute to the spiritual advancement
of this great community. We have just crossed
the American continent. We have seen many
of its magnificent cities, its great spaces of
country unoccupied by our church, and these
spaces little influenced, I am sorry to say, in
many instances by the authority of this church.
We want to see this church, by Its presence
and power, filling these cities and these spaces,
and making them powers for good in the moral
and religious regeneration of this country.
We are standing, many of us, upon the shores
of the Pacific Ocean for the first time. We
feel its waters rolling from California to far
Cathay 'and remember the new opportunities
that are opening to us, not only as American
citizens, but as American churchmen. And we
are Inspired with a deep desire to do what we
can in these directions. We are not only to
gird ourselves to meet the great problems of
this tontinent, but to do the Master's work
in these distant lands.
Yet there are considerations that give me a
cheerful courage when I remember the compo
sition of this house, as made up of Christian
gentlemen from-every part of the United States,
each one coming from some position of influ
ence, perhaps, In the different States or dio
ceses from which .they severally come. When
I remember that I feel perfectly certain that
they need little guidance from me, and much
further am I assured that their native courtesy
will always make it impossible for them to vio
late any of the amenities of life, and make it
certain that they will deport themselves in this
place just as Christian gentlemen ought always
to do. '
Gentlemen of the House of Clerical and Lay
Deputies: I have reached that time of life
when a man's most precious possession is the
affection and the confidence of his friends.
And to have the friends of my boyhood, with
whom I attended college, the friends of my
later life, who, when I went to Massachusetts
a stranger, took me into their hearts and their
homes, nominate me for this position and elect
me, 'without one thought or one word in regard
to It by myself, is an honor that appeals to
the best that is in me. And I am not ashamed
to say that I never was prouder in- my lift
than when it was announced that I had been
elected president of this' assembly.
I say it is an honor that any one may appre
ciate, when we consider the personnel of this
house, with the constituencies from which its
members come, the great church that they
represent, the splendid? questions that they must
consider and decide; surely the man whom such
a house elects as its president has a right to
feel that he has been honored indeed. And
then, when we remember the man who has
filled this chair during five successive conven
tions, a man of such distinguished presence,
of such exquisite dignity, of . such gracious
courtesy, of such pleasing humor, of such ad
mirable fairness, of such mature Judgment—
when we think of that ideal president, and
then I remember that I am to take his seat,
unworthy as I am, I appreciate yet more highly
the honor you have conferred upon me.
But, gentlemen, let me say frankly, it Is not
the honor that you have given me that I
chiefly feel; it Is the responsibility and the
difficulties of this high office. Therefore, as
you well know that parliamentary law is not
an exact science that any man can learn and
remember and apply easily, but is rather like
the bark of the growing tree that must adapt
itself as the tree advances from day to day
and year to year, and you and I here can make
precedents for ourselves, and we have made
precedents— therefore. I say, we will use every
moment as . best we may. and do quickly and
without any fear those things that ought to
be done, applying our common sense to the
various exigencies of legislation and so tran
sact the business committed to us by this
church.
The newly elected presiding officer was
called to the j:hair and In accepting the
honored office said: . .• .-.. t
Expresses His Appreciation to the
. House of Deputies for Corj
ferring the Honor.
PRESIDING OFFICER /
VOICES Ii!S THANKS
Continued From Page Five.
BISHOPS ORDAINED
DURING THREE YE0RS
Many Bright "Meo of trje Cloth
Throughout Country Arc Coq
secrated to Wear Robes ,
of Hiflhcr Place.
Since the meeting of the house in 1898
the following Bishops have been ordained
and consecrated: ~ _• .
The Rev. Junius Moore Horner, Bishop of
Asheville on the Innocents' Day, 1S!)8. the Bish
op of North Carolina presiding.
- The Rev. William Hall Moreland, Bishop of
Sacramento, on the festival of the conversion
of St. Paul, lsafl. the Bishop of California pre
siding.
The Rev. Samuel Cook Edsall, Bishop of
North Dakota, on the festival of the conver
sion of St. Paul, 1899, the Bishop of Chicago
presiding.
The Rev. Theodore Nevin Morrison, Bishop
of Iowa,, on the 22d day of February, 1899, the
Bishop of Chicago presiding.
The Rev. James Bowen i<*unsten. Bishop of
Boise, on the 13th day of July, 1399, the Bishop
of Virginia presiding.
The Rev. Joseph Marshall Francis, Bishop of
Indiana, on St. Matthew's day, 1899, the Bishop
of Chicago presiding.
The Rev. Arthur Llewellyn Williams, Bishop
Coadjutor of Nebraska, on St. Luke's day. 1899,
the Bishop of Nebraska presiding.
The Rev. William Loyall Gravatt, Bishop
Coadjutor of West Virginia, on the 10th day
of November. 1899. the Bishop of Virginia pre
siding.
The Rev. Sidney Catlln Partridge, Bishop of
Kyoto, on the festival of the purification of
St. Mary the Virgin. 1900. the Bishop of Tokyo
presiding.
The Rev. Robert Codman Jr., Bishop of
Maine, on St. Matthias' day, 1900, the Bishop of
New Hampshire presiding.
The Rev. Charles Palmerston Anderson.
Bishop Coadjutor of Chicago, on St. Matthias'
day, 1900, the Bishop of Chicago presiding.
The Rev. Robert Woodward Barnwell, Bishop
of Alabama, on St.. James' day. 1900, the Bishop
of Mississippi presiding.
The Rev. Reginald Heber Weller Jr., Bishop
Coadjutor of Fond du Lac. on the 8th day of
November. 1900, the Bishop of Fond du Lac
presiding. .
The Rev. Frederick William Taylor, Bishop
Coadjutor of Quincy, on the festival of the
transfiguration of Christ, 1901. the Bishop of
Springfield presiding.
Also, the Rev. Lucien Lee Klnsolving, Bishop
for the United States of Brazil, on the festival
of the Epiphany, 1899, the Bishop of Kentucky
presiding.
An adjournment was taken until 9:30
o'clock this morning.
EPISCOPAL CH URCH CONVENTION
Bishop Doane next read a letter from
the Archbishop of Canterbury to the Bish
op of Albany, regretting the" untimely
death of the late President. This letter
will also be found in another column o.f
the paper.
The House of Bishops having completed
organization, the secretary was instructed
to notify the House of Deputies of that
fact. Dr. Hart conveyed the message,
which was read to the assemblage. A
resolution was also adopted that both
houses appoint a joint committee to agree
on the order of business to be followed
during their sessions.
Dr. Whittle of Virginia, Rt. Rev. Dr. Hunt
ington of Central New York, Rt. Rev. Dr. Gll
lcspie of Western Michigan, Rt. Rev. Dr. Jag
gar of Southern Ohio, Rt. Rev. Dr. McLaren of
Chicago, Rt. Rev. Dr. Burgess of Qulncy, . Rt.
Rev. Dr. * Starkey of Newark. Rt. Rev. Dr.
Thompson of Mississippi. Rt. Rev. Dr. Watson
of East Carolina, Rt. Rev. Dr. Worthington of
Nebraska, Rt. Rev. Dr. Adams of Easton, Rt.
Rev. Dr. Davies of 'Michigan, Rt. Rev. Dr. Ses
sums of Louisiana, Rt. Rev. Dr. G. M. Wil
liams of llarquette. and the Rt. Rev. Dr.
Brown of Arkansas. • ' •
Much satisfaction was expressed at the
election of Dr. Lindsay, and the deputies
laughed when the vote of one for Dr.
Huntlngton was announced.
Total vote 350
make clear to the minds of those In the body
who desire my selection, I must unreservedly
'withdraw my name from, the list of nomina
tions. . -.-- :¦
It was generally understood that the
Rev. Dr. Huntington would decline the
nomination, as he is considered one of the
great debaters of the House of Deputies
and has always - taken a most active part
in all the debates of the conventions, he
has attended in the past.
The secretary then appointed four tellers
to keep tally on the ballots, the tellers ap
pointed being the Rev. Drs. Worthington
of Ohio, Davis of Missouri, Lewis of
Pennsylvania and Dorrence of Rhode
Island.
The deputies cast their ballots by
States, the assistant secretaries colling'
the names of the States and various dele
gations. :
Considerable time was consumed in the
casting of the ballots and the counting by
the tellers and the result was announced
by Dr. Hutchins as follows:
Rev. Dr. Lindsay -..234
Rev. Dr. Mann 55
Rev. Dr. Davenport 33
Rev. Dr. Alsop 25
Rev. Dr. Huntington 1
TJH.H3 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, UCTOJ3EU 3, 3901.
EPISCOPALIAN CHURCHMEN IN CONVENTION
Continued From Page Five.
REV.DR. L1HDSEY MADE CHAIRMAN
Continued From Page , Four.
BISHOPS HOLD EXECUTIVE SESSION
HOPKINSVILLE, Ky., Oct. 2.-Cot
tages of employes at the Empire mines
In North Christian were attacked last
night by about twenty-five persons sup
posed to be union men from camps broken
up this week in Hopkins County. A battle
between the occupants and assailants fol
lowed, over a hundred shots being ex
changed. Albert Burton, an Empire em
ploye, was shot through the eye and may
die. Guards • arrived and the attacking
party fled. \~
7
AMUSEMENTS.
BEIASCO A"oTHAlES^£ft£
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS "WEEK!
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Powerful Melo-
drama,
Replete with emotional Interest, superb cli-
maxes, realistic situations, amusing comedy.
Utiiri;*- Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rillCCO Matinees ....10c. 15c. 23c
Next •tf'eek— "BEACON LIGHTS."
Vaudeville's Leading Lights!
"Wilfred Clarke and Co., Boyce and
Wilson, Madge Fox, Arnold Gra-
' zer and Blanche Trelease, The
Svengalis, Press Eldridge, Parros
Brothers, Dorothy Morton and the
Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats,
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
Shhatrei *<>
A DECIDED SUCCESS.
THE NEW ALCAZAR STOCK.
Every Night This Week,
R. G. Carton's Play.
"LIBERTY HALL"
New Scenery. Unique Stage -Effects.
Seats— 15c to 75c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— "TOO MUCH JOHNSON."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND N SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY * EVENING THIS
WEEK.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Shakespeare's Great Play,
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.
JOSEPH HAWORTH as SHTLOCK. ?
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket, Office Emporium.
Next Week— Joseph Haworth . In "HAMLET."
ALHAMBRAJHEATEif.
RETURN OF THE FAVORITES, t
GREATER THAN EVER.
THE BROWNIES
IN FAIRYLAND.
200— Professional Children on the Stage— 200
E0— New and Original Specialties— 50
READ THE DATES.
Saturday afternoon,. Oct. 5; Saturday night,
Oct. 5; Sunday afternoon. Oct. 6; Sunday night.
Oct. 6; Monday night, Oct. 7; Tuesday after-
noon, Oct. 8; Tuesday night, Oct. 8. ;g*K ; ."S
Reserved seats on sale at Sherman. Clay &
Co.'s commencing Monday morning, Sept. 30.
. See the prices: Matinees— 10c, 25c (no higher).
Nights— 13c, 25c and 50c (no higher.)
BASEBALL. '
LOS ANGELES^s. OAKLAND.
To-day, Friday and Saturday at 3 P.M.
SUNDAY:. . ...... . . AT 2:30 P. M.
* _____ ¦ . -
REG RE A T1ON F*ARK,
¦ Eighth and Harrison streets.
AD VERTISE2CEITTS.
I We Are Going to I
1o,tji:t i|
9 Our business will posi- |
|| tively be closed up in a few B
[| months. In the meantime |
[| here are a few of our offer- B
I" "carpets I
I REDUCED. 1
H Roxbury from H
£j £1.OO to SOc . H
te Axminstcrs from H
m $1.50 to $1.10 a
hj Body Brussels from....... EJ
|| ?1.5O to $1.1O H
» All- Wool Ingrains B
g " S5cto.05c H
13 Bring in sizes of your rooms. g!
I ACKERMAN & KOHN I
@ 123 Geary Street. |
RUPTURE CURE.
The benefit of our large ex- .ggiRW
perlence in fitting and curing
Ruptures by the Fidelity Method <^ ,K\i|l
is eecured in this c£cc We f!^^!*?
c=:y charge for ex-g>A _§St' V >l\\^/
ptrtfittingandV/^ J *it»'
furnish • • • •
TRUSSES FRER|I|il
I We caa cure reducible iM*^ gl
ruptures in 60 days by our S_M^^ Hf
method without pain or loss Jr^^^®:^ J^f
cf tine. Over C0,COO cures j_L%^?^_S^_7
ia 10 years. The fee may »^^^ST
b: deposited ia a bank, pay- ||3$|Mlj^&
r.t:e to your own order, to be liisi^S^
handed us when cured; XOT sj ¥&§
BEFORE. Successful oa ?J ®§l
nen, <roatn and children. )$| ] 3
Brandi ofiices in all large Eg I fl
cities. Consultation free. Wi ' n
Fidelity-Rupture Cure. J§ %
Rooms i, 5 & 6, Ho. ny 2 Kearnj St., S. F.
TO LEASE.
A Sve-story brick building, containing
store and lofts, will be erected on Mission
Etreet, near Fourth. Elevators and all ap-
pointments. Floor areas about 4000 square
feet each. "Will be rented as a whole or
separate floors. Apply to Davidson &
Leigrh, 30 Montgomery street.
17Q2 1QO1
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY OF
NORTH AMERICA
IFOU DED A. D. IT92)
OF PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D., 1300. and fcr the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commif-
tioner of the State of California, Dursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $3,000,000 00 !
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ISoS.CT-'j 70
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.712.1S4 05
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 4,932,217 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar- .
ketable securities as collateral 54,700 00
Cash in 3anks 916.00132
Interest due and accrued on Bond3
ar.d Mortgages 20.M3 19
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion , 815,02181
Eills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 39.593 19
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 15.S56 10
Total Assets $9,532.263 36
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjuFted and unpaid $103,943 48
Losses In process of Adjustment or
ia Suspense £39,577 E2
Losses resist f><i. including expenses.. 41,111 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $2,747,033 2S;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,372,S1E 61
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $3,496,-
6C'7 44; reinsurance pro rata 1,775.243 €3
Cross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 235.7C8 40
Amount reelairnable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance poli-
cies 765,3^9 20
Al. ether liabilities S4.L54 48
Total Liabilities : H.98.S64 35
IN-COME.
JCet cash actually received for Fire
premiums (4.0S9.C33 54
Ivet cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums LSU,96(t 53
Received fcr interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 105, 5S0 2S
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other BOuroei 222.2F'. 49
Received for R.»nts 29.554 69
Received from all other sources 188,216 60
Total Income $6,458.267 23
EXPENDITURES. ™
JCet amount paid for Fire Losses... $2, 754. 102 35
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 1.137 593 52
dividends to Stockholders 3C0.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage LI0J.S5S 56
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers. c!»rks. etc.... 236,142 40
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 120.22172
All other payments and expendi-
tures 296,508 80
Total Expenditures 56.114.527 35
Losses Incurred during the y«sr $3,874,631 C2
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year S5u9.3SS.869 $5,2S0,83S 81
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 520,821.602 4.854.077 40
N«>t amount In force __:'__._.
December 31 1&00 635.136.397 6.243. 730 72
RiiUs and Premiums. Mar. Rlsi-.s. Premiums.
Nit amount of Risks
v£r.^. <1U . rl . n *... the $398,754,420 $2,230.060 44
Het amount of Risks - /¦ "
expired during the
year 238,456,504 2,21S,5fT 37
Net amount in force
DwembPr Cl, 1300 £.245.841 235. 70S 40
CHARLES PLATT, Prest.
GREVILLE E. FRYER. Secy.
Bunpcribed and pworn to before me, this ISth
fey 'of January. 1901.
RICHATtD H. REILLT. Notary Public
Losses paid since organization,
$104,168,853;
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
412 CALIFORNIA ST., S.F.J^:
JAMBS D. BAILEY, General Agent
GEO. H. MURDOCH,
Agent City Department.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H^iIbrIIWS medicine,
'*^^v^2»^3»3!_s>r'^ perfecting
|k| STOMACH g> l^] e
Constipation and Bil-
iousness,Steadiesthe
Nerves, Purifies the
Blood, and stimulates the
Liver and Kidneys.
We urge you to try it.
With the Correct
Dresser
the laundryman is as Important as th4
tailor. That Is why the best dressed men
all send their linen to the U. S. Laundry.
They have found by experience that the
work Is good— good In style, good in fin-
ish—perfect in every way. We take it and
deliver. No charge for that. • No. saw
edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4 Market Strest
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Offlc«i-54- San Pablo Ave.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
SiBSEUB OF ANATOHY$
A Q^ 1051 U-2ZZ7 ST. tet. Ci47u , S.F.Cil. A
T fcjr" Tbe Larcest Anatomical Museum in the \
O eyt>r» Wor'd.' Weaknesses or any contracted A
V \KJ£v3fl *sene poKiU»«-ly enrod by the oldest T
O fenl Specialist on the Coast. Est. 35 years. ©
A Q&f£*Q OR* JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ W tf?i3fS8 Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
A I iS%[ fj Treatment personally nr by letter. A A
f fl W n{! Potitwt Curt in every case undertaken. \
Aril HA Write for Book. PHICOSCtPU Y of _)
"It I'" BARIIIACE, MAILED FREE. (AY
X /^ /! valuable book for men) . ¦ \
V nit. JO R» AX *«•<»., 1051 Market St.. 8. F. T
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mRS. IOA_L« KUocK.
Grand-Niece of Ex-President
James K. Polk, Writes to
Mrs. Pinkham Saying:
" DearMes. Pinkham : — I have been
married for nearly two years, and so.
far have not been blessed with a child.
1 have, however, suffered with a com-
plication of female troubles and pain-
ful menstruation, until very recently.
MRS. IDA L. ROSER.
"The value of Lydia ; E. Pink-
. ham's Vegetable Compound wa^s
called to my attention by an intimate
friend, whose life had simply been a
. torture •with inflammation and ulcer-
ation, and a few bottles of your Com-
pound cured, her; she can hardly
believe it herself to-day, she enjoys
such blessed health. I took four
bottles of your Compound' and consider
myself cured. I am once more in fine
health and spirits; my domestic and
official duties all seem easy now, for I
. feel so strong . .1 can . do three times
what I used to do. You have a host of
¦friends in Denver, and among" the best
count, i Yours very, gratefully', — Mbs.
Id A Ii. Eoskk, 326 18th Ave. , Denver,
Col." — $6000 forfeit if above testimonial. Is not
genuine. . • .
If you are ill, don't hesitate to
j pret abottleof LiydiaE. Pinkhani's
¦ Vegetable Compound . . . at ;' once,
and write to Mrs. Pinkham,
Xynn, Mass., for special advice-—
AMTTSEME1TTS. _¦ ___,.
AN IMMENSE SUCCESS FROM THE START
—TO-NIGH r---
Matinee Saturday.
New Songs, New Sayings, Jokes, Etc
\A/7V\. H. WEST'S
BIG MINSTREL
JUBILEE.
BIG GOLF PARADE TO-DAY. 3 T. M.
Next Sunday Night—
HERRMANN
THE GREAT,
IN NEW AND MYSTIFYING ILLUSIONS.
SEATS NOW READY.
*TSVQLI*
Curtain Rises at 8 sharp, account of Length
of Performance.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT t SHARP.
To-Nl_ht and Sunday Night and ' Saturday
Matinee.
CAVALLERIA ,
AND
/ FAGLIACCI
Friday and Saturday Nights,
LAST TIMES OF
CARMEN.
"Masked Ball"— (Next Week)— "Nabncca** 1
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c -
Telephone Bush 9.
l^fll limSEBHA sa.1 fhakbco'i
VU?L-VMW2 i£l_£% LEADING THEATRE
OF COURSE Tg u s _| PE / CT
THAT IS-
If you secure ycur seats at once or else
you will be unable to attend any of the
thirteen performances for which seats are
now sellln_.
MUSIC— Brisht and catchy.
"WIT — Brilliant and effective.
7 Nights Each Week— Matinee Saturday.
CHUTES_and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill!
SPECIAL-TO-NIGHT
The Amateurs
AND A
LADIES' OBSTACLE RACE.
SATURDAY NIGHT-
1NTERNATIQNAIJAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats— Park J3.,;-- ;
FIQPWTTR'Q CONCERT HOUSE
riQtnLn O Admission lOc.
The Gagnoux, Richards and Relyea, Robert
Nome. Sam Holdsworth, Lynton and Wilde.
Alice de Leon, Agnes George and Hlnricha"
Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
OPEN NIGHTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p.m.
Bathing from 7 a. rn. to 10:30 p. rn.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 23c. Children. 20c
PALACE HOTEL.
¦- For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters oi
tourists and travelers who , have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan; . . •
GRAND HOTEL.
" %s : 'ADVERTISEMENTS.
MOTItlOXT 1104 IT TNI PROCTER* WHILE SO. CINCINMTI " . " ¦
v SWEET RESTORERS.
t" HLEEt* cannot be imitated except in
appearance, neither can Ivory Soap.
) There are other white soaps that
look like Ivory Soap, this is a penalty which
it pays for its great success. But you are
not deceived, there is only one Ivory, the
others are imitations of its perfections. ..,
99«>«» PER CENT. PURE.DOCKING A FERRY STEAMER
ON BOOLE'S MARINE WATS
AT OAKLAND. .
Steamer Movements.
Open stake, seventy-two entries— M. Walsh's
Thorndale vs. L. S. Barre's Boodle Boy; J.
Keenan's Dreadnaught vs. Ed Neave's First
Foot; Pasha • Kennels' Roman Athlete vs.
George Nethercott's Hickory Dick; George
Nethercott's Red Rock va. F. S. Price's Brutus;
Star Kennels' Fontenoy vs. J. Carroll's Auck
land; A. R. Curtis' Lord Beaconsfield vs. J.
Cane's Master Davenport; Star Kennels' Black
head vs. A. R. Curtis' Leola; G. Murnane's
Bonus vs. W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurllck;
Pasha Kennels' Flyaway vs. E. Geary's Minnie
Eankey; M. B. Kavanaugh's Might be Keen
vs. J. H. Perigo's Faraway; A. Vanderwhlte's
Flora McDonald vs. Sterl & Knowles' Cold
Shivers; D. J. Healey"s Elista vs. H. Lynch's
Game Cock; H. Lynch's Clarice vs. A. Van
derwhlte's Lear King; P. M. Clarkson's So
fala vs. J. Keenan's Lundin Links; Ed Neave's
Talk to Me vs. C. O. Peterson's Haphazard; E<1
Neave's Strayaway vs.' A. R. Curtis' Fly by
Night; J. M. Halton's May Hempstead vs. B.
Geary's Fannie Hughie; D. Toland'a Pleasant
Girl vs. J. ¦Willis' Half Moon; P. M. Clarkson's
Golden Garter vs. Chlarinl Bros.' Boney Boy;
J. Cane's Greenhall vg. M. B. Parkinson's Ben
Lomond; Ed Neave's Daisy Clalr vs M Nea-
Ion's Achilles; J. A. Klein's Coronadb vs Star
Kennels' Pickpocket; P. M. Curtis' Kibosh vs
J. Mortality's Snapper Garrison; E. Geary's
Ruby Sankey vs. M. Nealon's Aeneas; A R
Curtis Loyal Lad vs.. H. Perigo's Controller;
K. Scnou s King's Borderer vs. George Shar
man s The Doctor; L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain
v« T? F-G^sson's Sleigh Bells; Steri &
Jw. n% R ,i? p «. vs< Sterl & Know les' Freeze
?2m v ¦ M| w Wilson vs. Pasha Kennels'
gold Nugget; F. Schou's Master Whalen ve E
8 ™ M o°n,: Ed Neave's Wedding Bells
J 8 -. p " h * Kennels' Rustic Arbor; D. J Hea-
ioca vs. L S. Barre's Amadee; Pasha
Kennels Royal Archer vs O Zahl's (VHnrn-
H. N Christiansen's Master Harold v" D
™ a n S v- S T- Cr £? en ft B S? : J - Moriarity's Kittle!
man vs. J. Carrolls Master riiir- j^tr vr...
tenetfs Slim vs. Pasha KenLlV F« Freeto"
Special stake, thirty-two entries— n j h,?'
ley's Sisquoc vs C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud :
Georpe Sharman's Chicago Boy vs ; a h 7.,'
Us* Flying Fox; A. R. Curtis* Anchor vse"
Geary's America: Ed Neave's CasSwav V s
Chiarin! Bros.' White Hat; A. R Curtis^ Vul'
can vs. A. R. Curti 3 ' Narcissus; B Silva's
Master Rocket vs. A. R. Curtis' War Eallo-
George Nethercotfs Floodgate • va. Sterl *
Knowles' Olita; YosPmlt* Kennels' Mos« v<T
George Sharman's Warship; Chlarinl Bros •
Dewiirop vs. George Sharman's Little Sister-
E. Geary'B Ireland vs. F. Jones' W>dgew"ood :
P. J. Relllv's Honesty vs. K. Geary's -Bonnie
Pasha; A. R. Curtis'. King Cotton vs. M Nea
lon's Aeamemnon; J. Willis* Shadow vs
George Sharman's Hot Haste; Ed Nea've's
Spiteful vs. A. R. Curtis' -Charta; Star Ken
nels' Herschel's Pride vs. A R. Curtis' L'lxor-
D. J. Healey's Tiburon vs. Star Kennels' Game
Boy. ¦ . ..
Two stakes will be run on Saturday and
Sunday next at Union Park, a seventy
two dog open stake and a special event
of thirty-two entries. Following are the
results of the draws:
UNION PAB.K OFFERS TWO
GOOD COURSING STAKES
Preliminary Exports of Timber Ex
perts Are Received and Filed
for Future Use.
A meeting of the State Redwood Park
Commission was held yesterday after
noon, at which Rev. Father Kenna, "W. H.
Mills, Professor Dudley of Stanford Uni
versity and A. W. Foster were present.
Preliminary reports were received by the
Commissioners from the timber experts
who were employed to visit the Big Basin
the site of the proposed State park. The«e
were placed on file.
No action was taken toward acquiring
the lands that have been offered by the
B!g Basin Lumber Company to the State
for park purposes.
A discussion of the several matters con
nected with the general proposition took
place. According to one of the commls-
Bioners, speaking after the meeting the
possession of a part of Waddell Creek and
eome assurance concerning the preserva
tion of the watershed of that stream is
essential. There are comparatively worth
less lands needed to rectify the boun
daries to make the tract acceptable to the
State.
BIG BASHT COMMISSION
CONTEBS ABOUT PABK
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— Another world's record
was hung up in the fifth race at Harlem to
cay. McChesney" covered six and a half fur
long in 1:1S 4-5. beating the best previous
record of 1:19 flat held by Sly over the same
track. McChesney carried 105 pounds and
was ridden by Winkfleld. He went to the
front at the start and was never headed. Re
6ults:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Blue
Ridge wen. Zibia second, Queen \V third.
Time, 1:C7 2-5.
Second race, five rnd a half furlongs—Pre
torius won, Mabel Winn second, Amote third.
Time, 1:07.
Third race, steeplechase, short course— Dick
Furber won. Lord Chesterfield second, Corana
tus third. Time, 3:2S 2-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Andes won. If
You Dare second. Sharp Bird third. Time
1.13.
fifth race, six furlongs— McChesney won.
Merriment second, Aladdin third. Time.
1:18 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and three-sixteenths—
Ben Chance won. Kentucky Babe second, Lau
reate third. Time, 2:01.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 2.- Fair Grounds results:
First race, five furlongs— Anna Elliott won,
Man second. Sting third. Time. 1:03%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs— Harry
Duke wen, W. J. Baker second. Hi Kollar
third. Time, 1:09*4.
Third race, mile and an eighth— Holly "Wood
¦won. Satin Coat second, Orris third. Time,
l:57i,*.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Runnells won.
Sambo second. Colonial Girl third. Time
l:01»i.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth — SIddons
won. Miss Theresa second. Found third. Time.
1:50%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Kindred won, Jake
"Weber second, Jim Clark third. Time, l:ll*i.
NKW YORK, Oct. 2.— Gra.vesend summary:
First race, two miles, hurdles— Matt Simp
son won, Charawind second, Jim McGibbon
third. Time, 3:49.
Second race, about six furlongs, selling —
Lady Sterling won, Man of War second.
Lenja third. Time, 1:11 2-5.
Third race, mile and an eighth— Belle of
Trey won. Peninsula second. Advance Guard
third. Time. 1:^3 2-5.
Fourth race. Fort Hamilton handicap, about
Fix furlongs— Cervera won, Paul Clifford sec
end. The Puritan third. Time. 1:10 1-5.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards— Dolandj
won. Bowen second, Astor third. Time
1:45 4-3.
Sixth race, about six furlongs — Slip Thrift
won, Cast Iron second, Metalbert third. Time.
1:11 2-5.
HACES 113" THE EAST.
McChesney Breaks a "World's Record
at the Harlem Track.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Yachting enthu
siasts and the general public are to-night
expecting a most exciting race to-morrow
between the Columbia and the Shamrock.
They base their high hopes on the strong
wind blowing to-night and which the local
weather prophets assert is likely to con
tinue for twenty-four hours or more. The
Washington Weather Bureau adds to the
i expectations which it is hoped will be
j realized by holding out a promise of a
I strong breeze off Sandy Hook. The bu
reau says:
"Fresh northwest winds and fair weath
er for to-morrow. The winds ought to
! hold good throughout the day." '
| The contest between the two yachts to
morrow will be over a thirty-mile trian
gular course, the same as that attempted
on Tuesday. It is the intention of the
committee to-night to sail the first leg
to windward, which will make -the other
two a broad reach and a close reach, pro
vided the wind does not shift.
At Sandy Hook to-night everything is
ready for to-morrow's race, and if the
weather predictions prove true the yachts
I will have -plenty of wind. At 10 o'clock
to-night the velocity of the wind was
thirty-six miles an hour.
Busy Day for Officials.
While it was a quiet day with the
yachts lying at the mooring inside Sandy
Hook, the officials of the New York
Yacht Club and the Royal Ulster Yacht
Club had a busy time of it complying
with the request of Sir Thomas lapton,
backed by the assent of E. D. Morgan
of the Columbia, that in future the races
should be had on consecutive days, not
counting Sunday. In addition there came
a request from George L. Watson, the de
signer of the Shamrock, for a remeasure
ment because of his intention to take out
ballast before to-morrow's race.
On the first proposition an agreement
was finally reached between the challenge
committees of the two clubs for a race
every day, but on the second Watson,
after further considering the matter, de
cided to let it drop, and the yacht will
sail to-morrow with exactly the same
amount of ballast which she has carried
I in previous races. This will not prevent
Watson from taking out ballast at any
time he may wish, which, of course, the
club is willing to have done at any time.
If, however, after to-morrow's race Wat
son decides to take out ballast it is prob
able that there will be no race on Friday,
as under the new arrangement either
yacht is at liberty to decline to race on
the next day. This will be seen in the
agreement, which was drawn up and
signed this afternoon and which is as fol
lows:
The agreement determining the conditions and
governing the races for the America's cup. as
agreed upon by the committees of the New
York Yacht 'Club and the Royal Ulster Yacht
Club, is hereby modified as follows:
Strike out clause beginning: "The first race
Ehall be sailed on Saturday, September 21, 1901,"
and substitute the following:
"The races shall be sailed on the following
dates until the series be completed, namely,
September 26, September 28, October 1 and Oc
tober 3, 19C1, and each following day except
Sunday; provided, however, that immediately
on the conclusion of the race of October 3 and
of each succeeding race, the regatta committee
shall inquire of each contestant whether he is
willing to start the next day, and should either
contestant reply in the negative one day shall
intervene before starting the day's race. The
Sunday shall not count as such intervening
day."
for the New York Yacht Club,
LEWIS T. CASS LEDYARD,
Chairman.
For the Royal Ulster Yacht Club,
R. G. SHARMAN CRAWFORD,
Chairman.
May Remove Ballast.
The proposition for a race on consecu
tive days came from Sir Thomas Lipton,
and as E. D. Morgan at once agreed two
representatives of the Royal Ulster Yacht
Club immediately sought Commodore
Ledyard of the New York Ya«ht Club,
Mr. Oddie and former Commodore E. M.
Brown. The matter was discussed fully
in Commodore Ledyard's office.
The agreement of two years ago was
gone over and a similar one finally drawn
and signed late in the afternoon.
About noon it was learned at the club
that those in charge of the Shamrock de
sired to shift some ballast, which, of
course, necessitated plans for remeasure
ments. Whether this plan of removing
ballast from the challenger was made
with a view of decreasing the stiffness of
the boat or cutting the waterllne the mat
ter of a few inches so as to gain in time
allowance could not be ascertained. Wat
son was at the club about 3 o'clock, but
found none of the officials in the building
and left immediately. He admitted, how
ever, that he proposed to take out ballast
from the Shamrock, but refused to make
any other statement regarding it. Under
her present measurement the Shamrock
allows the Columbia 43 seconds. Much of
this allowance was due to her great sail
plan, as her waterllne measurement is al
ready some inches shorter than the Co
lumbia's. It will be necessary for Wat
son to decrease the Shamrock's waterline
length by a foot in order to gain fifteen
seconds in time allowance, and although
the overhang of the challenger, both fore
and aft, is very long, it is thought that
considerable ballast will have to be taken
out in order to make a gain of even live
or six seconds. Still in races In which
neither boat seems to have the advantage
of more than a minute or two the matter
of five seconds might become very impor
tant.
At the time of the explosion at the stone
yards the lives of hundreds of persons In
neighboring houses were endangered.
They were saved only by the bad manner
In which the worV vraB handled. The dy
namiters tried to wreck the machinery in
the yards.
"That body is cf the man they called
Lou, and he lit the fuse at the stone
yards."
Brow's death adds a new phase of mvs
tery to the case. He arrived in Chicago
two days ago Buffering from severe in
juries to his lees. While being taken
home in the police ambulance he became
unconscious and died a few hours later.
The police are now investigating the
cause of his death.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— The funeral services
over the remains of Thomas Brow to-day
were interrupted in order that the body
•about to be buried might be identified as
that of one of the conspirators in the
wrecking by dynamite of the Heldmaier
& Edgeworth stone yards six weeks ago.
The identification will release an innocent
man who is at present locked up in the
County Jail charged with knowledge of
the crime.
Frank Hardy, who had turned State's
evidence, was taken to the Brow resi
dence to make the identification. He was
not told what was wanted of him and
he was led into the house where the
mourners and friends were gathered
about the coffin. Approaching the coffin,
Hardy was told to look upon the face of
The dead man. One glance and Hardy's
face turned white and he was visibly agi
tated. He said:
Funeral Services Interrupted
to Save Innocent
Person.
Yacht Owners Agree to Hold
Contests on Consecu
tive Days.
Columbia and Shamrock
to Speed Over Trian
gular Course.
State's Witness Identi
fies a Man in His
Coffin.
FIXES GRIME
ON A CORPSE
GOOD WEATHER
FOR THE RACE
Shipping Intelligence.
Wednesday, October 2.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, 10 days from Guay
mas, via Ensenada 46 hours.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 34 hours from
Crescent City.
The French schooner Papeete sailed yester
ciayfor Tahiti with a cargo valued . at $4644.
including merchandise and produce as follows:
6588 IDs bread, 4800 lbs rice, 70,669 ft lumber,
61 pkgs mill work, 20,000 shingles, 1440 pickets,
44 cs dynamite, 2 cs caps and fuse, 44 bdls
iron, 4 pkgs groceries and provisions, 14 cs
paints and oils, 75 lbs sugar, .75 bbls flour, 7
pkgs ship chandlery, 3 cs dry goods, • 100 cs
soap, 1 cs . hardware, 1 csk bottled beer, 9
coils rope, 24 era bicycles and sundries, 80
cs 1 pkg salmon, 60. gals wine. 183 lt>s beans,
4 era potatoes and onions. •.",:•<¦¦""- . ¦:•"
A Cargo for Tahiti.
The Norwegian ship Lancing cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 73,340 ctls
wheat valued at $71.&06 and 30,000 ft lumber
as dunnage valued at $450. . .
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAM".
The mail steamer Sierra will get away
for Australia this morning unless throu^li
some unforeseen circumstance the Eng
lish mails should be -late.
T. R. Turner is back with the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company as port stew
ard. About a year ago he resigned but
the concern has now prevailed upon him
to take his old position again.
The schooner James Sennett is said to
be a total loss. When the steamer
Brunswick with all appliances necessary
to float her reached the stranded vessel it
was found that her back was broken. The
Sennett went on one of the Aleutian is
lands on August 7 last. TUe captain and
one or two of the men stood by her while
the others went for assistance.
The schooner Laura Pike turned up at
Eureka yesterday. She was cast off by
the steamer National City when off Hum
boldt bar and had been trying to make
port for nearly a month. •
Water-Front Notes.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States local inspectors, filed an opinion
Tuesday in which .they suspended for
nine months the license of E. P. Ride
out, pilot of the river steamer Mary Gar
ratt for negligence and . unsklllfulness
August 24 when the Garratt collided with
and sunk the steamer Dauntless in the
San Joaquin River near Kentucky Land-
Ing.
Pilot Hideout Suspended.
C. 0. G. Miller was given the use of a
lot on the corner of Mason and Jefferson
streets for $40 a month.
The attention of the Southern Pacific
was called to the damage- done to the
ferry slips by the Berkeley, Oakland and
Garden City.
Admiral Miller asked the Board of Har
bor Commissioners yesterday for a berth
at Clay street and the Risdon Iron Works
for a float between Folsom-strcet
wharves 1 and, 2. Both requests were re
ferred to Chief Wharfinger Henderson.
William Chalmers was allowed $150 for
damage done to his truck on the belt rail
road. . ¦
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
AH the ferry-boats in the bay are being
docked in turn and will be overhauled'be
fore winter. They are put on Booie's
marine ways in. Oakland Creek and there
Is always a crowd on hand to see the
operation. At high tide a big cradle is
lowered and the vessel pushed Into it.
Then. vessel and cradle- are hauled up on
the ways and the work of overhauling
begun. The big Norwegian tramp
steamer Tellus was hauled out of the
water in this way a few days ago. The
last two ferry-boats that were hauled up
were the San Pablo and Berkeley. Both
of them made pretty pictures coming up
out of the water.
Docking the Ferry-Boats.
There is a peculiar mixup at Meigga
wharf and the Customs Inspectors who
make their headquarters there are won
dering what the outcome will be. For. a
long time the quarantine officer has been
trying to get men aboard all foreign ships
arriving after sundown, In order to see
that both quarantine and customs laws
•were respected. The Surveyor of the
Port had no boat available and in con
sequence vessels from the Orient, Austra
lia and Europe have been left unwatched
from sunset to sunrise. Dr. Carmlchael
tried several times ; to get the Custom
house authorities to do the watching, as
the .men were always available, but
failed. He then wrote to the Treasury
Department and a special force of men
was yesterday placed at his disposal.
These will board and guard all vessels
that come in during the night and in
the near future they may be doing duty
as "special inspectors," which would re
sult in a reduction of the regular force.
Will Assist the Customs.
of passengers. A portion of the
cargo was gold and silver bullion, con
centrates and ore valued at $250,000, be
sides a quantity of valuable merchandise.
The cabin passengers who came up on
her were: F. Andonaegui, H. H. Holley,
G. W. Purkston, John C. Barrett, C. C.
Thomas. J. E. Lacey, Frank Booth, Mrs.
John R. Moffatt and child, Lillian M6f
fatt, Reese Moffatt, John R, Moffatt Jr.,
Hon. Louis Kaiser, George Schmidt, Ed
Bugee, John A. Bugee, John Pato.
Captain Paulson of the Curacao reports
that the naval collfer Nerd was at Pichi
lingua when he left. She brought over
4000 tons of black diamonds from Phila
delphia for the Pacific Coast squadron.
There were, fourteen vessels in port at
Santa Rosalia when the mall boat was
there. All of them flew their flags at half
mast when news of the assassination of
President McKinley was received.
THE Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's Curacao aneived from
Mexican ports yesterday with a
very valuable cargo and a number
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and' Heights of High . and Low
Waters' at 'Port Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. ' Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. '
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the • city front (Mission-street wharf) about
Southern . Pacific direct line— limited
trains^ personally . conducted excursions,
$87 .round, trip. Choice of routes.- Last
chance to see the great Pan-American
Exposition. Lots of literature at Infor
mation . Bureau and Ticket Office, 613
Market street.
Last Buffalo Excursions.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants'' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October -2. 190L>i- ¦ ,.
The time ball, on the tower of the new Kerry
building was dropped* at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of., the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
J. B.» MILTON,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N^, in charge.
Time Ball.
A meeting of Catholic men will be held
next Tuesday evening at the Marble Hall;
Palace Hotel, for the purpose of organiz
ing a charter council of the Knights of
Columbus in this city. The Knights of
Columbus Is a national Catholic fraternal
society, heretofore almost exclusively es
tablished in the Eastern States, having a
membership of 80,000.. The plan and scope
of the organization will be explained at
the meeting by James J. Gorman of Fall
River, Mass., tho national organizer.
Knights of Columbus.
A "Pat" Hand
Can be. found In every deck of cards, but
if you want the best backs at the most
reasonable 'prices you should go to San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street, who
also keep poker chips, crib boards, dice,
tally cards, etc. •
WILI, SWIM AND DIVE
r£'iv> FOR THE NATIVE SONS
Great Carnival of Land and Water
Sports at Sutro Baths for Benefit
of Belief Fund.
An entertainment will be given at Sutro
Baths on the 20th inst. for the benefit of
the relief fund for sick and disabled mem
bers of the Native Sons of the Golden
West. There will be representatives from
all the city parlors, more than 100 persons
taking part in the programme. The
Olympic Athletic Club, the Lurline Swim
ming Club and the Dolphin and ., Ariel
Boating clubs are some of the organiza
tions that will assist. There will be swim
ming and canoe races, trick single scull
Ing by A. W. Pape, pyramid formine bv
the German turn vereins, burlesque fanov
and high diving, old clothes swimmine
races and other interesting performances
Members of the Lurline and Olymnic
clubs will take part In a water polo con
test, and the instructor at the -Luriino
Baths will dive from the highest point
of the Sutro Baths. There will also be
wrestling and boxing bouts, the former
being refereed by Jeffries and the latter
by Runlin. - .
Clubs— Won. Lost. Per Ct.
San Francisco 72 SI .585
Los Angeles 59 54 .522
Sacramento 53 62 .401
Oakland 51 63. • ,42>
After their somewhat disastrous experi
ence of last week the Eastern Union
League cracks with Morley's Los Angeles
baseball aggregation are not quite so
sanguine as they were when they came
up from the south. They believe they are
still in the race, however, and they hope
to recover considerable lost ground this
¦week in the series with Oakland. The
line-up for to-day Is as follows:
Los Angeles. Positions. Oakland.
Spies Catcher Lohman
Jones or Pitcher Mosklman or
McPartlln. Schmidt.
Klhm First base Hanlon
Reltz Second base ..Mohler
Reilly Third base ...: Egan
Hall Shortstop '..Kelly
Hemphill Left field Dunleavy
Householder Center field Drennan
Dougherty Right field Streib
Expect to Make a Better Showing at
Recreation Park This Week Than
They Did Last.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
LOS ANGELES BEADY
FOR THE OAKLAND MM
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— The English crick
eters under the captaincy of B. J. T. Bo
sanquet began a two days' match against
New Yorkers at the Knickerbocker Ath
letic Grounds. The teams are made up of
twelve men a side. The New York team
won the toss and went to the bat. They
were all disposea of for a total of 143 runs.
Cricketers Begin Tournament.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Aberdeen Humboldt Oct. 3
Arcata../ Coos Bay Oct. 3
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 3
Memphis Seattle Oct. 3
Asuncion Seattle Oct. 4
Kvarven Portland Oct. 4
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. 4
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 4
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 4
Mandalay Coqullle River Oct. 4
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 4
Mackinaw Tacoma Oc£* 5
Mattcawan Tacoma oct 5
Argyll New York via Panama Oct. G
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. 5
Czarina :. Seattle and Tacoma Oct 6
Edith Seattle Oct. 6
Mineola Nanairno Oct 6
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Oct! 7
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 7
Acapulco. Panama & Way Ports Oct 7
North Fork Humboldt Oct." 8
Arequipa Valparaiso & "Way Pts. Oct. 8
Coptic China and Japan Oct. 8
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 8
Mariposa Honolulu Oct. 9
City of Puebla i Puget Sound Ports Oct. 9
. ' ' . . . TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 3.
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Corona Redondo & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla Puget Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 arc Pier 7
t . October 4,
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
October O.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orf 12 m| Pier 13
Peru China & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
October G. |
Kureka Humboldt !» ami Pier 13
Santa Rosa.. San Dlepo & Way 9 am Pier 11
October 7.
Empire....... Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Paint Arena.. Point Arena.. 2 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier U
October 8.
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pier
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 0.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
October JO.
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . From. Due.
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 3
Queen Nome direct Oct. 3
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 6
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Bertha Valdez and Kodlak Oct. 10
Al-Kl Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 10
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 2.— At the Scrib
ner Opera-house to-night James J. Jef
fries sparred three rounds with his
brother "Jack." He also gave an ex
hibition of his training methods. Prior
to the Jeffries exhibition J. O'Brien of
San Francisco and "Kid" Murphy of
Sacramento boxed a four-round draw.
Ben Lewis won in the fourth round from
George "Williams of Los Angeles. Jef
fries will leave in the morning for Mo
desto.
Jeffries Shows in Bakersfleld.
The special committee appointed at the
last meeting of the' Automobile Club of
California has arranged for the club run
to San Mateo and Crystal Springs reser
voir to take place next Sunday. Auto
mobiles from this city or Oakland will
rendezvous at the corner of Market street
and Van Ness avenue at 8:45 a. m., the
motor cars from Oakland coming across
the bay by the 8 a. m. creek boat. The
automobiles will start promptly at 9
o'clock for San Mateo, which will be
reached. at 11:30, no rapid rate being per
mitted on the trip. Owners from San Jose
or other places who may desire to Join
the run are requested to be at the Hotel
Mateo. at 11:30. At 1 p. m. the automobiles
will be lined up and will start for the
Crystal Springs reservoir, returning to
the county road near San Mateo at about
3 o'clock, an hour sufficiently early to
leave ample time for the chauffeurs to
reach San Francisco before darkness sets
In. Members may invite personal guests
and also owners of automobiles who are
not members of the club, but the names
of the latter must be sent to E. P. Brine
gar, chairman of the committee in charge
of the run, so that invitations may be
issued to them by the club. The com
mittee requests that members will
promptly advise the chairman as to the
number of guests, and also of the names
of these automobile owners for whom
invitations are desired.
Local Ovmers of Motor Cars Invited
to Join drib Run to Crystal
Springs Reservoir.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 3.
Sun rises 6:06
Sun sets 5:52
Moon rises 10:19 p. m.
ITtme Time Time Time
Date I Ft. [ Ft. Ft. Ft.
IH W L Wl H W L W
3... 4:09 4.7 8:49 3.0 3:00 5.7 10:06 — 0.J
4 ... 5:19 4.7 10:05 3.2 4:04 5.4 11:14 0.0
5 ... 6:27 4.7 11:29 3.2 5:16 5.1
L W H W L W H W
6 ... 0:19 0.1 7:25 5.0 12:46 2.7 6:35 5.0
7 .. 1:15 0.3 8:15 5.2 1:51 2.3 7:46 5.0
8 ... 2:06 0.5 8:56 5.3 2:44 1.8 8:50 5.0
9 ... 2:56 0.S 9:36 5.5 3:31 1.4 9:47 5.0
: NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. ; '
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Oct. 2.—Am
herst's football eleven treated the Yale
team to a surprise this afternoon in hold
ing the Elis down to a single touchdown
in a game of twelve and ten minute
halves. The Massachusetts men put up>
a remarkably aggressive game for tho
first of the season. Yale scored her touch
down in the first half by a series of short
plunges through the line.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Oct. 2.— Harvard
defeated Bowdoin to-day In two twelve
minute halves, twelve to nothing, the
same score as last year. Harvard's back
field was composed of substitutes, and
only the excellence of the linemen saved
the day. Bowdoin's back was better than
Harvard's. The work of the Harvard
backs was so ragged that no end runs
could be tried. Campbell played at left
and showed all his oldtime form. Touch
downs were made by Derby and Swann
and the goals by Campbell.
AT ALBANY— All Americans, U; Chi
cago-American, 4.
AT PRINCETON— Princeton, 33; Villa
AT^PHILADELPHIA— Pennsylvania, 6;
Franklin and Marshal, 0.
AT HARRISBURG— Gettysburg College.
6; Carlisle Indians, 5.
AT ITHACA— Cornell. 50; Rochester
University, 0.
FOOTBALL BY COLLEGES.
ATJTOMOBILISTS PLAN
TRIP TO SAN MATEO
Seven furlongs, three-year-olds— Eonlc, 103
(Ransch) 3 to 10 won; Rio de Altar, 112 (Ran
som), 2 to 1, second; Barbara. 109 (Romero). 30
to 1, third. Time, 1:29V4- Ingomar II also ran.
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olda — Tor
eo Maid, 115 (Romero). 3 to 1. won; Sol. 103
(Ransch) .even, second; Irma A. 100 (Burke), 4
to 1. third. Time, :57. St. Chester. Tacna,
Speculate and Gypsy Boy also ran.
Caplstrano handicap, mile and fifty yards —
Lizzella, 113 (See), even, won; Rey de San
Juan, 100 (Alexander). 10 to 1. second; Oscar
Tolle, 112 (Ransom). 7 to 10. third. Time,
1:45H. El Oriente and Altara also ran.
Six furlongs— Fine Shot. 107 ( Burlingame). 3
to 1 won; Mike Rice. 113 (Matthews). 4 to 5,
second; Talma. 93 (Timms), 30 to 1, third. Tlmi\
1:16. Reina de Cuba, For Freedom, Myrtle and
Flandes also ran.
Five and a. half furlongs, three-year-olds and
upward— El Rey. 110 (Ransch), 2 to 1, won;
Gold Baron, 120 (Matthews). 3 to I, second;
Howard, 110 (Stufflet). 3 to 1. third. Time. 1.09.
Amasa. Risford, Kitty Tozier. Gracias, Agna
tacia and Albuquerque also ran.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2.— There was only
one harness event at Agricultural Park
to-day and that went to Anzella in
straight heats. The running races fur
nished good sport, favorites taking two
and weli-played second choices the other
events. Weather tine; track good. Sum
mary:
2:14 trot, purse $800; three in five:
Anzella, b. m., Antrim-Hazel -Kirk
(Kelly) Ill
Thomas R (Bunch) 2 2-
Dan W (Albertson) 3 3 3
Time— 2:16. 2:16%. 2:16.
Talent Shows Judgment in Picking
the Gallopers.
LOS ANGELES RACES.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 52% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42% hours.
Stmr Geo Loomls, BridKett, 33 hours from
Ventura. Up river direct.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg.
S.ihr Nettie Sumlbore, Larsen, 4 days from
Point Arena.
Schr Maksoutoff, Mellberr, 18 days from
Kadlalc
• CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 2.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, Seattle; Pollard S
S Co.
Nor ship Lancing, Johnsen, Queenstown; G
W tycNear. *
SAILED.
Wednesday,- October 2.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, Seattle.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa, Cruz, Hinkle.
Ger ship Erato. Pitsmeler, Queenstown.
Bark Snow & Burgess, Olsen, Port Gamble.
Brig Galilee, Hellingsen, Mahukona.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr Gem, Johnson, Coos Bay.
Schr Otelia Pedersen, Hansen, Eureka.
Fr schr Papeete, Martin Tahiti.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— October 2, 10 p m— "Weather
cloudy; wind S; velocity 12 miles per hour, i
SPOKEN.
Sept 23—38 N 13 W, Br ship Samaritan, from
Shields for San Francisco.
Sept 23-13 W, Br ship Sllberhorn. from Liv
erpool for San ¦ Francisco.
Per stmr Queen — Sept 26, 240 miles south of
Nome, stmr Portland, from Seattle for Nome.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
KLAWACK-Salled Sept 22-r-Schr Beulah.
for San Francisco.
KADIAK— To sail Oct 1— Schr Herman, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 2— Schr C C Cherry,
from Uyak.
UYAK— In port Sept 24— Ship Star of Russia,
for San Francisco.
Sailed Sect 27 — Bark Harvester, for San
Francisco.
KARLUK— In port Sept 24— Stmr President,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Oct 1— Bark St.
James, for Seattle, and not New York, as be
fore reported.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Sept 28. Oct 2— Stmr Shelikof.
from Chignik.Bay.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 30— Schr W J
Patterson, for Honolulu; schr Laura Madsen,
for San Francisco; schr Wawena, for San Pe
dro.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Del Norte,
from Crescent City.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr
Grace Dollar, from Santa Cruz.
UMPQUA— Arrived Sept 29— Schr Zampa, he
Sept 18.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 2— Br stmr
Braemar, from Hongkong; Ger stmr Klba, fm
Yokohama; Ger stmr Borneo, from Yokohama;
stmr Queen, from Nome.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
/ SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Queen, from
Nome.
NOME— In port Sept 25— Stmrs Santa Ana
and N»me city. To sail Sept 25— Stmr Nome
City, from Seattle.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Eureka, hnce
Oct 1.
Sailed Oct 1 — Schr Mary Dodge, for Honolulu;
schr Mabel Gray, for San Diego; stmr Iaqua,
for — i-; stmr Ruth, .for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 2— Nor stmr Kvarven,
for Hongkong.
Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Geo W BIder, hence
Sept 20.
SAN PEDRO— Arrive;! • Oct 2— Stmr Santa
Barbara, from San Diego; stmr Despatch, fm
Fairhaven; schr O M Kellogg, from Eureka;
schr Meteor, from Port Blakeley.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 1— Schr Al
calde, for San Pedro; schr Repeat, for Salinas
Cruz.
Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Grace Dollar, from San
ta Cruz.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MOLLENDO— Arrived Sept 29— Br bark Mary
A Troop, from Port Gamble.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 2— Nor stmr Guern
sey, from Vancouver. .
USHANT— Passed Oct 1— Br stmr Kintuck,
from Tacoma.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Sept 23— Ger stmr
Totmes, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived pet 2— Jap stmr Hong
kong Maru, hence Sept 4. Oct 1— Br.Btmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver. Sept 29—
Br ctmr Indrapura, from Portland.
KIAOCHAU— In port Auk 18— Dan bark
Prlnsesse Marie, for Astoria.
HIOGO— Sailed Aug 17— Ger ship Rickmer
Rlckmers, for Astoria.
NAGASAKI-Sailed Sept 2I-Br ship Banga- <
lore, for Port Townsend.
ANTOFOGASTA— In port Auk 24— Br ship
MHverton, for Tacoma.
SHANGHAI-Salled Aug 24— Br ship Ivy, for
Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— In port Sept 12— Ital ship
Macdlannld, for Vancouver.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed Oct 1
— Chil stmr Arequipa, for^San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Rosarian,
from Montreal: stmr Kalserin Maria Theresa,
from Bremen. ...
Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Philadelphia, for South
ampton; stmr Germanic, for Liverpool; stmr
Friesland, for Antwerp.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Indra
pura, from Portland. Or.; stmr Empress of
China, from Vancouver via Yokohama.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr HaV
erford, from New York for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept lS-Stmr Indravelt.
from Hongkong for Portland, Or.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Ivernla,
from Liverpool for Boston.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Anchoria,
from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Darmstadt,
from Baltimore. ! 1
LONDON— Arrived .Oct 2— Stmr Menominee.
from New York. V - ¦
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Michigan,
from Boston; stmr Waesland. from Philadel
phia. -. • •. • ' .»: :¦¦ ¦ .;•¦ "¦- ••¦!''. ... ... . ,
MOVILLE— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Laurentian.
from New York' for. Glasjrow.--.' - ¦" *?
HONGKONG— Arrived previous to Oct 2—
Stmr Queen, from Tacoma.' . ., . -. '
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr St.
Louis,: from New York.
Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Lahn, from Bremen '. for
New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 2-Stmr South
wark. from Antwerp. ¦¦"¦: •-..¦
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Majestic,
from Liverpool. ¦ •.*¦
Huggins, William C. Whitney's trainer,
said he considered that Reiff rode an ad
mirable and perfectly fair race.
Continuing, Reiff said: "I never bet on
horses, and I told the stewards so. I
made this explanation to them, but the
case was already decided against me.
One of the three stewards acted as prose
cutor as well as judge. It was no use to
argue. The whole business is the out
come of the hatred and jealousy of the
English trainers and jockeys to us Ameri
cans."
"Lester, rode as straight a race as I ever
saw," interposed Wishard, Richard Cro
ker's trainer. "I never saw a horse that
did not swerve at the Manchester bend,
as Reiff says."
"It's all a maze and a muddle. There
are no explanations. The stewards de
cided that I pulled, or at any rate rode a
crooked race on Delacey and let my
brother win on Minnie Dee. I have near
ly been at the top of the list this year
and was the leading jockey in 1900. I
have half as many mounts as some of
the crack jockeys, yet I ride more win
ners. To do more than this I would have
to ride the winner in every race. Yet
Lord Marcus Beresford declares 1 rode
crooked. I got away well on Delacey,
leading until he reached the bend to the
straight. It is a peculiarity of the Man
chester course that the leading horse al
ways goes wide four or. five feet or more
in turning in the straight. . Delacey did
this thing. Johnnie, seeing his chance,
shot through and got in. If I had closed
in again 1 should have put my brother
over the rail. All I could do was to keep
Delacey straight and ride like the devil to
win."
LONDON, , Oct. 2.— Lester Reiff, the
American jockey, whose license was with
drawn by the Jockey Club yesterday and
who', was warned off Newmarket Heath,
in an interview to-day on the subject
said:
The special boxing bouts at the Olympic
Club last night provided some sensational
boxing. There was no clean knockout,
but there was enough hard hitting to
supply several championship bouts.
J. J. Dukelow and William Kelly were
one brace of boxers who went to work
with a rush. Each had the other in dif
ficulty in the first round, both being
groggy at times. In the second they
fought all over the ring. Toward the end
of tne round Kelly had Dukelow in dis
tress. The third round was one of th©
most sensational ever fought in the club.
Kelly was first to try ana then Dukelow
came back at him. Kelly waited awhile
and then buttered Dukelow all over the
ring. The last round was hammer ana
tongs throughout and It ;^emed Dukelow
1^
d \?f J. n Lecnard° a^Sanny Danziger met
last night for the third time Theymt
at it as though no love was lost between
them. Leonard started proceedings at a
lightning pace. He ripped his left to to
body and face and soon had Danziger
badiy cut about the eyes and mouth. In
the fourth round Leonard landed a left
hook which dazed Danziger. Leonard was
quick to see his advantage and rained,
blows on his opponent. Danziger fell to
his knees and remained .down four
seconds Leonard went after him viciously
and knocked him down again. Danziger
did not revive rapidly and Referee Smith
humanely stopped the fight and gave the
d j ClS F° n McCarthy a an'd T. Wolfe went four
fast slugging rounds. They stood breast
to breast and never stopped. The judges
disagreed, one calling it a draw, the
other deciding in favor of Wolfe. Tho
referee ordered an extra round, but tho
club officials would not let McCarthy go
on, as It Is against the amateur interests
to fight more than four rounds. Referee
Smith accordingly gave the fight to W olf e.
C. Milward and W. Moreno were the
only heavyweights to hook up during the
evening. Moreno seemed to lack condi
tion He was knocked down repeatedly
in the second round and finally stayed
down until counted out.
R A. Stone defeated Joe Collins by
clean hitting and aggressive work.
J M. Lundie made a hurricane finish In
his' bout with T. Everett, thereby earning
the decision. .
• The bout between Champion Britt and
D. Barry was the only disappointment.
Barry trembled so much from fear of his
opponent as to nearly shake his gloves off
his hands. He went down repeatedly
without being hit. Britt fought in his
usual fast, clever style. V^ "'\. y
The officials were: Judges— J. C. Wil
liamson and E. M. Graney: referee, E. J.
Smith; timekeeper. F. R. Butz; announcer.
G. A. Hensley. The affair was under tho
direction of Leader John A. Hammer
smith. .
Declares One Steward Acted
as Prosecutor and
Champion Britt's Opponent
So Scared a3 to Make
No Showing.
Dukelow Barely Escapes
Being Knocked Out
by Kelly.
Lester Reiff Speaks His
Mind About His
Dismissal.
SAYS JEALOUSY
WAS THE CAUSE
OLYMPIC BOXERS
IN FAST BOUTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1901
Steamship Curacao Brings Up Over a Quarter of a Million Dollars t
Worth in Bars, Also Big Shipment of Concentrates*
LARGE CONSIGNMENTS OF SILVER
AND GOLD BULLION FROM MEXICO
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sufferers from this horrible malady
nearly always inherit it — not necessarily
from the parents, but may be from some
remote ancestor, for Cancer often runs
through several generations. This deadly
poison may lay dormant in the blood for
years, or pntil you reach middle life, then
the first little sore or ulcer makes its ap-
pearance — or a swollen gland in the
breast, or some other part of the body,
gives the first warning.
To cure Cancer thoroughly and perma-
nently all the poisonous virus must be
eliminated from the blood— every vestage
of it driven out. This S. S. S. does, and
is the only medicine that can reach deep-
seated, obstinate blood troubles like this.
When all the poison has been forced out
of the system the Cancer heals, and the
disease never returns.
Cancer begins often in a small way, as the
following letter from Mrs. Shirer shows :
A. small pimple came on my jaw about an inch
oelow the ear on the left side of my face. It gave
me no pain or inconven- * °
cince, and I should have .-aiS^jl^* 5^
forgotten about it had it jWJ^j&tS>^
pot begun to inflame and IP**-
JL 0 . 1 ? 1 it -would bleed a Rgt?5
little then scab over, but B**-Vft^_ icgS
would not heal. This W^l^rS^^W
continued for some time, W.&2& <£v- v^?fj
7 e n ? y jaw> be * aa to vp^Sfcjer Va
swell, becoming very — \JtS«2r\ .fcs^
painful. The Cancer be- -g^-Vffifr'X *&*»
gan to eat and spread, V j£i$> !
until it was as large as a ' : 2!J&*&b^fgWS
half dollar, when I heard ?ggzMw&^ i AS*tL
of S. S. S. and detertnin- i^BaEBhi^^X^'VH
ed to give it a fair trial, ¦ ; -?T43'*ES^ESaSf 1--K*'
and it was ietnarkable '*" SnWWWffP ll «,V
what a wonderful effect **±<-S3^9*r*ll?t
L t^*£» OO V the . v 1 r > r fcerfpnksr: the sore began to
rm^i TM ftakWga fcw bottlea disap^ared
entirely. ThU was two years ago ; there are still
no signs of the Cancer, and my general heatm
contmues good.-MRS. R. Shirer^ Plata, Mo.
/Ijwb 4p§) /S3& * s the greatest of ali
WL/ fJL/^ blood purifiers, and the
V^B ° nly ° nC g uara nteed
ygp f or our f ree on
Cancer, containing valuable and interest-
ing , information about this disease, and
write our physicians about your case. We
make no charge for medical advice "
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Results
Are What Tell
One day of results Is of more
value than a lifetime spent
in talk, and the result of the
high standard of quality of
Hunter
Whiskey
Is Shown by Its
Popularity
CfCRISTT * WISE COMMISSION CO., Inc.the Brooklyn, Gives Testimony.
When Captain Sigsbee left the witness stand
he was succeeded by Lieutenant James J.
Doyle, vrho was watch officer on board Com
modore Sehley's flagship, the Brooklyn, dur-
lieutenant Doyle, Watch. Officer of
FIRST SCHLEY WITNESS.
"They were informal meetings to talk over
the situation. I remember I objected to one
because the Spaniards might come out anj
catch us out of our ships at any time, and
I wanted to go aboard my ship. The meeting
was broken up on my account."
Mr. Hanna handed to Captain Sigsbee a
press copybook containing the order to him
self in response to which he had proceeded
to Santiago to meet the flying squadron. The
dispatch read:
••Proceed at once off Santiago. The Spanish
fleet If. reported there; communicate occasion
ally." - "
Captain Sigsbee eaid the dispatch was cor
rect. . . .
Captain Eigsbee was then recalled to cor
rect the official copy of his testimony of yes
terday, but before he proceeded Mr. Raynor
asked him whether, in view of the state of
the weather and the sea on May 26, ships could
have coaled with safety to them."
Captain Sigsbee replied: ¦"Possibly, yes, on
the evening of the 26th, but at the risk of
danger to the ships. The weather had some
what abated and I cannot say that it would
have been impossible."
Captain Sigsbee also made an addition to his
statement of yesterday concerning any state
ment that he might have made to Admiral
Sampson or any one else, to the effect that
Commodore Schley was blockading Santiago
harbor twer.ty-flve miles out at sea. He said:
"I did not and never have stated that Ad
miral Schley was blockading twenty-five miles
out at sea."
The court asked questions of Captain Sigsbee
as follows:
"You have stated there were two meetings
of commanding officers off Santiago while you
were blockading there, have you not?"
'•Yes; I stated that to the beet of my recol
lection there were. I am not too firm In the
belief. I am positive of one."
"Upon what ship or ships were those meet-
Inge or this meeting held?"
"Either the Yale or the Harvard."
"Were the meetings accidental or by order
of the senior officer present?"
"By order of the senior officer present."
'"What was the object of these meetings?"
More Testimony About the Condition
of the Weather.
SIGSBKE IS RECAULED.
"Constantly."
"And owing to the many sen-ices and mis
sions of that sort she performed, :a It piotable
yen might have forgotten this?"
"It is always probable, possible also."
The court asked a number of questions, which
w*th responses were as follows:
"Were the positions t>f the Brooklyn and
Oregon relative to the Vixen during th« battle
of July 3 taken from Lieutenant Harlow's
notes or from your personal observation?"
"From my recollection of the fight that <Tay."
"During the attack on the Colon May 31
could you see If the shots from the squadron
struck near the enemy?"
"I could not."
By the Court — What conversation, if any. had
you with Commodore Schley relating to the
object of the bombardment on May 81 while
you were taking him to the Massachusetts?"
"The only conversation I remember was that
relating to what should become of the Vixen
after the commodore left."
By the Court — What signals. If any, were
made by the Brooklyn from the commence
ment to the end of the battle on July 3?
"The Brooklyn had hoisted the signal:
'Enemy attempting: to escape"; that Is in the
notes. There may have been others, but I
do not find any here."
By the Court— State the orders under which
you acted when on blockade when off Santi
ago.
•'My impression is that I received my li.
etructions from Commander McCalla to go in
sWe the line of vessels and to the seaward
of Santiago about two miles. That is for the
29th, 30th and 31st of May."
"I do not, sir."
"About how was the ship heading at that
time within the quadrant of a circle south
ward to westward, northward to eastward?" ¦
"We were headed at the beginning of the
battle inshore; that is to say, the head of our
ship was about north. As soon as the Spanish
ships came out and I got on top of the port tur
ret the ship was then moving ahead and turn
ing with port helm, because the Spanish ships
were a little on our starboard bow, but we
were working the port battery and started to
swing first and brought the port battery into
action. Now, then, we must have continued
around there, as I know, but when I was in
the starboard turret we lost sight of the ships
because they were on our port bow."
"The effect, then, of putting the helm aport.
In order io bring the starboard battery to bear,
would be to send the vessel through more than
ISO degrees, would it not, in turning?"
"Certainly, yes; we were headed about north
east and that would mean more than 180 de
crees." j .
"The cheaper way would have been to put
the helm to starboard, would it not?"
"I am not. prepared to say;"
"If the ship was headed northeast and the
chase wag going nearly west or a westward
course?"
."Yes, you could make the turn in that' way."
"Do you of your own knowledge know of any
thing to prevent your turning?"
"When I was on totj of the starboard turret
it looked very much to me as though we were
going to have a general melee or mix-up with
the Spanish ships." . '
"How far were they from you at that time?"
"When we took them up on the starboard
"Did you have an opportunity of observing
which way the vessel turned?" Captain Lemly
acked.
Witness responded in the affirmative. He
said, however, that he did not hear orders
given to the man at the wheel.
"What did you observe?"
"I observed while in the port turret that
we had an opportunity of tiring at the Spanish
ships and the turret was trained nearly ahead.
The Spanish ships were a little bit then on our
port bow and we lost sight of them by our
thlp turning with a starboard helm. Then
it was that the order was given to man the
starboard battery, and as I crossed from, one
turret to the other I observed the Spanish
ships a little bit on our starboard bow. As
scon as I got in that turret I swung the gun
sharp on the starboard bow. In the meantime
some of our own guns Tiafl fired, probably in
the forward eight-inch turret, so I could see
nothing at all for the dense smoke. 'While in
that position, and while the turret was being
trained, Mr. Mason, the executive officer,
passed down the starboard gangway, calling
'Sharp on the starboard quarter,' and I ac
cordingly trained the turret around and picked
the Spanish up on our starboard quarter, and
from then on It was a constant train of the
turret until we had the Spanish ships about
abeam." $
"What do you mean, exactly, when you say
the vessel turned the starboard helm?"
"She was then turning with a . starboard
helm, because that is the reason we lost sight
of the Spanish ships."
The witness then stated that the original en
try in the log had made it appear that the
helm was put to starboard instead of to port,
as it appears in the permanent log. The
change, he said, had been made on the 5th of
July, two days after the action.
Asked why he changed it, Mr. Doyle said:
"I changed it after I had had a discussion
with Sharp. I had been under the impression,
as I have stated, that we had turned with a
starboard helm. . Sharp was aboard the Brook
lyn on July 5 to luncheon with us and I had
a discussion with him that day on that sub
ject. I think that is the time I changed it."
"Do you know "whether the navigator had
then signed the log as correct?"
When the Brooklyn steamed westward wit
ness was first in the port turret and then in
the starboard turret.
Ing the Spanish war. There was much inter
est in his appearance, as he is the first of the
Brooklyn's officers to be called since the in
quiry began. He was called by the depart
ment, but when Captain Lemly had concluded
his examination Mr. Raynor announced that
it had been Admiral Sehley's intention to have
Lieutenant IJoyle summoned as a witness in
his behalf. He. therefore, with the consent of
the court, questioned the witness as if his ex
amination had been in chief and did not confine
himself to cross-examination.
In response to questions by Captain Lemly
Lieutenant Doyle said that during the battle
oft Santiago he had had charge of the two
waUt turrets. He had, he said, written the
log giving the account of the battle as there
recorded, but afterward an addenda had been
made by the navigator. *
Continued From Page Three.
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postoffice discontinued October 15: Cali
fornia—French, Mendocino County, mail
to Scottville. Peralta station, Berkeley,
postoffice also discontinued October 15.
These pensions were granted: Califor
r.:a: O-iginal— Patrick Masterson, Los
Angeles. t6; John C. Glenn, Riverside, $6;
Abraham E. Bennett, San Francisco, $6;
John \V. _Mack, Tulare, $6; Stephen Volck,
Soldiers" Home, Los Angeles, $6. Increase
— Rufus W. Stevens. Hydesville, $12; John
Lamas ters. Kern, $10; William Delaney,
Enterprise, %%.*
Oregon: Original — Hosmer Buell, El
pin, $S; Joseph G. Martin. Beagle, $10;
Thomas F. Miller, Lebanon, $8; Sarepta
C Patterson, nurse. Drewsey, $12.
Washington: Original — Francis C. Baggs,
Puyallup. $6.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
COURT OF INQUIRY DISCOVERS THAT CHANGES WERE MADE. IN A LOG
A2\NOUJ\Cl£Ai.fc;.NT or an engage
ment of more than ordinary in
terest has been made by Mr. and
Mrs. H. Friedlander of 701 Brod
erick street. Their daughter
Buddy is shortly to be married to Milton
Meyerfeld. The young lady is well known
In Jewish circles, is a musician of rare
ability and of a most charming and pleas
ing personality.
The prospective groom is a San Fran
ciscan but has resided in New York City
for a number of years. He comes from
old pioneer stock, his father, M. Meyer
feld, in early days being one of the lead
ing merchants cf this city.
A reception to the young couple will be
given at the residence of the young lady's
parents on Sunday, October 13.
ANNOUNCEMENT HAS BEEN
MADE . OF THE ENGAGEMENT
OF THESE YOUNG PEOPLE.
ST. LOUIS FIREMEN
HELP TO SAVE A CITY
Special Train Carries Engines to Al
ton, 111., and Disastrous Blaze
Is Checked.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 2.— Fire that broke out
at 10 a. m. in the plant of the E. O. Stan
ard Milling Company on the river front
at Alton, 111., destroyed that and several
other buildings, causing a loss estimated
at $400,000. A high wind blew the sparks
broadcast, threatening the destruction of
the business section of Alton, and fat.
Louis ¦was asked for relief. A special
train carried two engine companies from
here and they, with the local department,
finally got the flames under control at 1
o'clock.
The heaviest losers are the E. O. Stan
al'd Milling Company, three buildings, loss
J300.000, insured; Roller Milling Company,
loss $5000, partially insured; George
B. Hayden, machine shop, loss
$15,000, partially insured: Farmers' ele
vator, loss $25,000, partiallv Insured, and
the Model Hotel, loss $5000, partially in
sured. Five Bluff line freight cars loaded
with wheat, the freight house of the Dia
mond Joe steamship line and seven build
ings of minor importance were also
burned.
Marquis Ito spoke very feelingly of the
assassination of the President, and said
that it had caused much gloom among
Japanese, high and low.
The Senator was returning to the United
States on the transport Thomas when he
heard of President McKinley's death, and
hurried hither from Nagasaki on the
Kaga Maru.
"Political conditions in Japan were fast
approaching a satisfactory basis when I
left. The Seiyukai party, which is a par
ty of progress — a party formed of old and
new elements— was firmly molded before
I left, and much is looked for from it.
"Japan is now on friendly relations with
all the powers. Not even with Russia is
there a question likely to cause friction,
r.oi withstanding; the oft repeated rumors
to that effect. There was nothing new
when I left regarding Russia's move
ments in Korea and Manchuria, but it is
hardly likely that they would cause fric
tion between the two powers."
Regarding the report that Russia had
offered to take the Chinese fleet as part
payment of the indemnity, the Marquis
said he had not heard the report, but if
true it was hardly likely tnat Japan
would offer any objection.
Senator Beveridge of Indiana, who ac
companied the Marquis on the Kagra Maru
was returning lrom a trip across Siberia,
whither he went, he said, to study the
trade conditions and see what could be
done by the United States toward foster
ing trade with that great market, where
millions of dollars worth of goods could
be sold.
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. 2.-The steamer
Kaga Slaru, which arrived here this
morning-, brought among her passengers
Marquis Ito, formerly Premier of Japan,
and Hon. K. Tsuzuko. who was Under
Secretary of Education in the Ito min
istry. A doctor and two secretaries ac
company the party. Marquis Ito said on
his arrival here that he had left Japan
on a pleasure trip to the United States
and Euroj e. and was out of politics.
"Xo, not forever— oh, no," he said. "It
is hardly likely that 1 will cease to give
my services to my country when needed.
My trip is taken solely in search of
health, but when a Japanese is abroad his
main thoughts are of Japan. If anything
is noted on my journey tnat will be of in
terest to Japan I will promptly send the
information home, and it is quite likely
that much information will be garnered
in the United Slates. Western affairs
have now begun to oc<upv a large share
of the attention, of the Orient.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Absolutely," was the response.
"And the error," continued Mr. Raynor, "oc
curred, as I understand you to say, in this way:
That during the action you could not see on
account of the smoke and. thought the ship did
turn with starboard helm and entered It, so In
the log?"
"Yes," was the reply. "We lost track of the
enemy in the first Instance with the port bat
tery by our own bow shutting' the enemy out
and showing that at the time we must have had
our helm a little to starboard or that the enemy
was going with the starboard helm."
"And then when you learned you had been
mistaken you made the change?"
"I changed the entry and I think if you had
the rough copy here you would find it was
changed In my own handwriting."
Mr. Raynor then stated to the court that it
was his desire to treat Lieutenant Doyle as
a witness for Admiral Schley. To this the
court assented and Mr. Raynor asked the wit
ness a series of questions calculated to bring
out a brief history of the Brooklyn's part m
the Santiago campaign and a full statement
of his observations while an officer on board
that vessci.
Mr. Doyle said in response to these questions
that while at Key West, which port the Brook
lyn had left at the head of the flying squadron
on May 19, 1S98. he had heard nothing of the
¦ Spanish fleet nor had he then been informed
of a secret code of signals arranged by Cap
tain McCalla for communicating with the
Cuban insurgents.
Relating the particulars of the blockade off
Clenfuegos by the flying squadron from the
21st to the 24th of May, Lieutenant Doyle said
he had observed three lights which looked like
bonfires on shore each night that the squadron
lay off Cienfuegos, but that neither he nor
any on* else on board, so far as he knew,
understood their purport. He also told of a
reconnoissance of the harbor at Cienfuegos on
the evening of the 22d of May; of the conver
sation with the officers of the British ship
Adula and of the arrival of the Marblehead
and the departure of the entire squadron for
Santiago after the last named vessel had made
communication with the Cubans ashore.
Then, he said, on the night of May 24, the
ships formed in squadron and started eastward,
the speed at first being nine.. -knots an hour,
but afterward being reduced to accommodate
the smaller vessels, the Vixen and Eagle.
When they started there was quite a surf,
a "long swell of the sea," and on the 25th
the weather was still worse, making. It very
difficult for the yachts to keep up.
Lieutenant Doyle placed the distance of the
American fleet oft Santiago from the mouth
of the harbor at from four to five miles, and
said there were picket' boats on the insiue
of the line. .
Speaking of ' the bombardment of the Colon
on the 31st of May, he designated it as a
r^connoissance and said that its effect had
been to develop the fact that the Spanish had
two guns in their land batteries.
Mr. Raynor asked — "When was the circular
form of blockade commenced?"
While no mention was made of the name of
Admiral Sampson, this question wa^ evidently
regarded as an attempt to bring his blockade
into the case for the purpose of comparison and
Captain Lemly was prompt in noting a vig
orous objection.
Without waiting for any argument on the
point the court immediately announced a brief
recess. The members retired for a minute
or two, and when they returned Admiral Dew
ey said: *
"The court "decides that all questions relat
ing to the blockade off Santiago must be con
fined to the time prior to the arrival of the
commander-ln-chief."
The court then adjourned for the day.
quarter after, we made part of the turn, as I
remember the range, it was 1400 yards."
"How do you verify that range?"
"I have no way of verifying that. We had
to take the range given to us."
."What I mean by verifying is as to whether
or not shots were fired at that range and how
they fell?"
"I fired at that range. I fired one I know."
Mr. Haynor then took the witness and asked
him if it were not true that the change in the
log was due to an error on the part of the wit
ness and to no desire on the part of anybody
to falsify tbe facts.
LONDON, Oct. 2.— Lord Kitchener to
day reports that two officers and thirty
one men have been killed in an attack
made on Colonel Kekewich's camp at
Moedwill. The Boers, who were under
Commandants Delarey and Kemp, had
fourteen officers and 114 men wounded
after two hours' fighting, when the Boers
were driven off. Colonel Kekewich was
among the wounded.
The Boer reverse at Moedwill occurred
September 28. The Boers are reported
to have been 1000 strong. Lord Kitchener
in his dispatch says the British repelled
the attack with great vigor. Colonel
Kekewich was slightly wounded in two
places. He* says that all . ranks . behaved
extremely well. The wounded, were taken ,
to Rustenburg, half way between Pre
toria and ,Mafeking. . : :.j. ' a ' ' . ' ' .
Lord-- Kitchener - confirms •' the heavy
losses of the Boers, about. 250 killed and
300 wounded, during . their attack on
Fort Itala. He ¦• says the guns- recently
captured at.Vlakfontein have been re
covered from the Boers. .
Mikado's Former Premier and
Senator Beveridge Arrive
in Victoria.
Kitchener Says Men Fought
Bravely — Colonel Keke
wich Is Wounded.
Marquis Ito Says No
Warcloud Hovers
Over Orient.
Two Officers and Thirty-
One Troopers Ar©
Killed.
JAPAN AT PEACE
WITH THE CZAR
BRITISH ALSO
SUSTAIN LOSS
THE SAN JFR ANCISCO . CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1 90 1.
Miss Buddy Friedlander Soon to Become the Bride
of Milton Meyerfeld, a New York Merchant
ANNOUNCE ENGAGEMENT
OF CHARMING DAUGHTER
9
ABVEB-TISEMENTS.
iMCARTERS
SIOKIHEADAGIIE
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongrue. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
- ' ; Small Price.
DISORDERS £~\
—OF— ... |e& '" -<~jVtt^
BT FAR THE GREAT-'jf/ VTO^TflV^i
er number of patients £•> \ \LJ II *SI t
seeking relief for so-'\r- \ JfR// //
called weakness are \\ ¦• \j» y] JJ
— -. strong-, robust men In
every other respect. .Loss of Vitality, Premature-
ness, etc., are not weaknesses, but the symptoms
of Inflammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
sults, as Indicated by increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
application, is interesting to . any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
OCEAN TBAVKL.
¦
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
JN -f Steamers leave Broadway
fflt- Wharf, San Francisco:
SwS'&iL- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
Oct. 3. 8. 13, IS, 23. 28. Nov. 2.
; i*!T^ 5w3\5S!a Change to company's steamers
laKj^B»1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
f^^OfflSKffiS C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Kverett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m.,
Oct. 3, 8, 13. 18. 23, 28, Nov. 2.
"hange at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Oct.
4, 9 14. 19, 24, 29, Nov. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles') Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon, Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme and Redon-
' do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays, 11 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m., 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right , to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. R.
Only Steamship Iilne to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to aU
points East. Through tickets to all
points, nil rail or stenmshin and rail, at
LOWEST KATBS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails Oct. 5. 15. 25, Nov. 4
SS. GEO. W. ELDER........
Sails Sept. 30. Oct. 10, 20, 30
D."W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt.,l Montgm'y, S. F.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargu received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU....
Wednesday, October 23, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November 16. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
.....Wednesday, December 11, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
RSW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul..... '..... Oct. JiHaverford Oct 23
St. Louis.... Oct. 16 St. Paul Oct. 30
Philadelphia '....Oct. 23| St. Louia Nov. <
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Southwark Oct. 9 *Zeeland Oct. 30
•Vaderland Oct. 16 Frlesland Nov. 6
Kensington' Oct. 23 Southwark Nov. 13
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. -
CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
AAAanfA if <? A*A HAWA "< 8AM0A > Hm
llColitlCJl *9.Lff n ZEALAND »kd SYDNEY,
5. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct. 3, 10 a. m.
S. E. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, Oct. 12, 2 p. m.
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Oct. 24, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPSECXELS & BROS. CO., Esnerai Agents. 327 Market St
gen'l Passangsr Oftse, 643 Market St., Pisr Bo. 7. Pacific St
C0MPAGNIS GENERAL'S TRANSATLANTIQUE
JJIHECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAKIS. -^.a^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead o£ <KTnSa
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. *ZKt£&g&
North River, foot of Morton street; *L Aqul-
talne, September 19: La Bretagne, September
26; La Champagne. October 3; *La Savoie. Oc-
tober 10.
First cjass to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork! J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacino Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PANAMA R. R, ST Si ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST,
Cabin. $105; Steerage. |40; Meals Free.
S.S.Argyll sails Monday, • Oct. 14
6. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday, Oct. 24
S.S.Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From Howard-street "Wharf at 2 p. m.
Frelght and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And C\fl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard S. Pier 10. 12 m. .
TUCAPEL .....:Oct. 3IL1MARI Oct. 26
AREQUIPA Oct.l3|PERU Nov. 9
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South. American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, .316 California street. -
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
BAY AND EIVER STEAMERS.
RjiririliAy^
Steamsn GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. rn.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except Sunday.
Hunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 60 cents.
.Telephone Main 15CS. Landing and office, pier
2. MUsion-st. dock. UATCH DUOS.
THE SHORT LINE
RATE TO
Buffalo
Exposition
SQJ.JO
ROUND TRIP
• •- r — via —
Union Pacific.
3^ DAYS TO BUFFALO.
4 DAYS TO NEW YORK.
14 Hours Ahead of All Competitors.
THREE TRAINS DAILY
PULLMAN AND TOURIST SERVICE
SPECIAL.
¦ Personally Conducted Tourist Excursion
leaves San Francisco at S a. m.. Sacramento
at 11:55 a. m.. October 4th.
TICKETS ON SALE
OCTOBER 3d and 4th.
I>. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent,
1 Montgomery st., S. F.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER!* RT. CO.
IjESSEJBJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, foot Of Maiipt 8*.
Son Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
6UNDAYS-8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave . I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. [ Destination. [ days. | Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am | Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm | Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyscrvllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am| J 10:40 am 10:25 am
18:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm] 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
/ and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geytervllle for Skaffzs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell'a,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port,' Usal. Willits, Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Sprlnsrs, Harris, . Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. ; R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street ' Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • . Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11 US a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" • Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:36 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla.... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to BakersSeld for accommodation of local
flrst-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored en this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
• 4 - 20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
8:00 # P. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Fre» Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 3:55 p. m.
7-20* a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 611 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco;. 1112 Broadway, Oak-
, . land. ¦ ¦ _
HOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
1-45 p' 10-00 a »*•" letOTtag 1W " M ™ IS t | 4 40 P'
1:15/. *^ir*^!^J 5:55 p.
Fwe, Sia Francisco to Sumult rad Return, tl.M.
Ticket 0S«i, 621 MARKET STKIET ud 6ACSAIII0 FtBRT. x
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
620 HEARST ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Disease*. Lo*t Mannood. Debility pr
rlisfnsp wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Oirp«snaran(oed. Callorwrlta
K>r. JT. JT. niBBOJf. «au Francisco. CaL _ .
NEW ADViEBTISEMENTS.
A PESTIFEROUS GERM.
Burrows Up the Scalp Into DandrutE
and Saps the Hair's Vitality.
People who complain of falling hair as
a rule do not know that it is the result
of dandruff, which is caused by a pesti-
ferous parasite burrowing up the scalp as
it digs down to the sheath in which the
hair is fed in the scalp. Before long the
hair root is shriveled up and the hair
drops out. If the work of the germ is not
destroyed hair keeps thinning till bald-
ness comes. • The only way to cure dan-
druff Is to kill the germ, and until now
there has been no hair preparation that
would do it; but to-day dandruff is easily
eradicated by Newbro's Herpicide, which
makes hair glossy and soft as silk.
Boston* System
Eye=Qlasses
AT NO EXTRA CHARGE.
OCULISTS* PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED.
FACTORY ON PREMISES.
QUICK REPAiniNG.
PHONE, MAIN 10.
OPTICiXwOfcSS*
642 Market 5t. instruments
uMDCB v twRONiCLLBun.oiN&. CATALOGUE rREt.
— ' — ~
World Famous Marian! Tonic
Especially useful in Nervous
Troubles, Malaria, Consumption,
Overwork, Indigestion, La
Grippe, General Debility.
All Druggists. Refuss Substitutes.
DR.MfflilSlCt..JBB&^
Specialist. Disease BSS3*' > K
and weakness of TsMjfu '
men. Established f%&f[ j^*^»'\S
1881. Consultation Tfr^ *^9p w
and private book * / \
tree, at office or by * -^S^^ »
nail. Cures guar- Y^S0^^lr
anteed. 7»51 Mar- Jl^SS^M$'JM
Ret street (eleva- ¦ j&\^ t*«8J8frti$
tor entrance), Saa €m f ! 1
'SOUTHERN PACIBTOy
, Trftla* !•»*• »ad Mr* «¦• t« Mr*tV*«%]
j MAS VUANCIMO. !
b(M»la Un«. Foot of Market 3tr««t) j
rm — 7&ou Jcx.7 U, U09. — . juunrm
7i«»a BcDici*. Bnfenat Bboli» ud B*cr*. ;
I BMBto - ¦ 8r*rjJ
tf iOOa V»c»Tllla. WJntari *-"T 1 ,.Ta 9*3*
?tSO4.MatUne«,Sa*K«ia<nl.VaUei&Ite»S(
1 fe:0*A Dt?U, Wood2*ad. K n.<g«i tSYl^ wT ¦
MamTUlo, Ororlilo .......... T>O3>
»t«»*Atl*aiia tCxprow-Ogttei mid jbias %SU*Hp.
• PorteTTflw. CjQSjl
! •i8»Aghjuto Mumxm > DarttWmiMMJfef '
i Bartlatt SprtopX Wfflowi, Bad t, -¦J
I *t»«ABto l^ 1^u^i«sr"8isStoC * l0S i
; •>»•* Oakdkle. CMo«* (YcMaifee), Bo* ¦
; B«OO* Harw»td. miami^dWii '^UUooa^ »lt»3v
•i««lTii)o,. V. Ui23*
. Vtu«ALoa Aawles Expres»— Martinet
Tracj, LiWjtop. fitookton. Vbetml _v'
Fwwjo »nd Lai An«ol«a TiX3+
»:»•* VnJlejo. Uutliui and W»jr SUMaat 9l0a»]
Ter, Omaha. Ofateac" ......-». ••*9»
8>3Or Howard. NUm »nd W.y SUttoS^ Si»i|
«•••» Jteniote. Wtnten, tfcwMunotuo. '
lyoodland. KuUihU f^~t«-C >
M»n.»«lo,OToilll»...^..., .... ftSSx
4iO»r Mart: ner. San Rsmou, YkQeidL |
W»pa. <;»l!itoi», 8>nU IUn ••93*.
4 tOOr NUes, Lrrermcre, gtedtton, LodL. . VSiSSy '
¦4«aur tUjnrkrd. Mies, ij»n Jnse, IivmaorO tSittS^
4i30r PortCo»t». Tncj. L««urop, Btocktoa Io<a3^'
«!••* Iha OwIUmlted-rmM, Tolava, :
Bakerafleld, 8wi gu tut Sut* Su. ¦ \
LV bar*. Lew Anjolea 8J34,
5tOOpM4rtlu^ Antioch, 8tockton, H» •
Ced. Promo .......^... ........... 1*.83»
S:OOrToaemite lxiiai,
•>S*r2inr Orleans Erpnwn MtniioU,
yiemo^ jIjos AiiS6ld% ' f
Dtnlnf, El Fuol Sfev OiImuis
ud Sairt , T1034
OiO»r IU>w»rd.Nllea»adS»a Jom « ?.as«,i
f««oor V.U«Jo 11 1»3«.
•••or Oriental Mall— O»Jon, Chejonn*.
Omaha, Chicago .~. lStSa»i
•i»»jf Oriental Mall-6iden, DesT«r. ¦
Bt. Louis. Chloa«o. «t>3*i
7«O«r Ossfou and California, CxprMa.Ba*. i
rmiieiito. Marmill*. XUdcHay. '\
rortland, F»|ot Mound and Kuk *iS9*
S:*5rSaQ Pablo, Fort Costa, M»rUae»
a.id Way BtaUons L. ~.. tltS34 :
r t8»«SrValMo Ttflay,
COAST ElNE (hma fc.ug.).
¦¦ (Foot of Market Street.) t
J7x43a Santa Cnu Eicorslon to SaaU Cnu
and Principal Way Stations |9i«39
Sil3AKewark.CeurerTllle.8aoJoee,7eltoB. i
Boulder Creelf.Banta Oxuz and Way
Statlous •»»•»'
t*>ISr Newark, OentorTiUe, Qau Jom l New
Almaden, Velton, lioulder Greek,
SanU Cra and Fxiaolpal W»f
Station* I«i1*4
4i19p Newark. San Jom. Loa Gatoa f*»»»«.
> ««il»rOIeawood.BonMerCreefc.8ajitaCra« «»»8*a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY,
horn SJJ /RASCISCO-faov of Mirkst Sttttt (SU> 8>—
t7:l» 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 1:00 BABr.tt.
rrtmOllUlB— f«l •:3t»«d»«j.— 1«:08 td:80 t8.-0S
10:00A.M. »:CQ 2:03 «<3r.M.
COAST LINE (Itroad fiango).
(ThlrJ and ToTTMend 3ta.) . «
• OtIOA Ban Jose and Way Htationa.. ........ «>3O^
1~:*Oa Kan Jose hikI W»y SUUuus J:»«f
/7:«oa Now Alinadeu..... /4llO»
}7>!tOA Sunday Excursion for 8m Jom,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Qiot* and
Principal Way Stations..... t****»
••••a Ban Jos*. Holll»ter. BuiU Cm.
paotlio < UroT», 8allnaa, Baa Lois
Obispo. Santa Barbara and Prla- .
cipaiiutermedlate Station*........ T>30*
IQiSOASan Jo»e and Way 8Utlona_ feSO?
1 1:30a Han Joae and Way Stations B«2tt#
\'£\ I»r San Mateo. Kedwood. Manlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Joae.
H oil later, Sauta Oriw. Sal la a*,
Mouterey and Paeifle flrors tW^'4
liSOr San Joie, Tres Pinoa, SauU Crua,
Padfic Grora and Way Statloua 4:lo»
f4:lSr San Joie aud Principal Way Statloua •i-«3i.
• SJOOrSan Jose. Loo Gatoe and Principal
Way Stations t**O*
SiSOp San Jojo and Prinelpal Way StaMoni ItMi
•iOOp Redwood. Saa Jote, Gilroy. Salln**,
SauU Barbara, Los Angelea...;.. 1«i«9a
StSOp San Joie and Way Skatloua ..... t*<**A
«lli4.%r San Joasand Way Stations 7zS«»
• A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~~
t Hunday txeepted. t Sunday only.
• Saturday only. < Monday.
• Saturday and Bandar. / Tvuadara and Jri&q^. . .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAiLROAa
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing September 29. 1901.
FROM SAN FRAM CISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-$:55, 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 «, m.
•1:45. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. •6:15. 8:45 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. in. ,
SUNDAYS— *S:0O. •10:00, *ll:30 a, m.. "1:11,
3:15, *4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Tralna marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •5:25, 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a in. *12:25. 2:13. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:53 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15, *S:0O. 'iOM, *U:« a. ixl-
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55, 8:55* 10:30
a m. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 3:30.
5:00. 6:4a p. tratj^
6:55 a. xn. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . .-
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦
Legal Holidays boato and trains will run oa
Sunday time. '"- _^
Ii3 Xi I PSfeSs ' ¦ tea II ImWsI 1
1^3 W 1 tti 1 fn
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WE3
24 Post st.. San Francisco. CaL <
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Ttar.
Write for 80-page catalogue (free). ...
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE.
1236 Market Street.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert Ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Oregg
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE. MO.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOKATIVE. INVlGOiU..
tor and Nervine. .
The most ¦wonderful aphrodislao and Styectal
Tonto for the Sexoal Organs, lor both sexesT^
ii The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kill.
B*ys and Bladder. Sells on its own merltsT^
KABER. ALFS & BRUNE. A*ent*7 i
S23 Market it.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.* j
•'¦/. : \-'i~''-\'--i--,i:-~- ¦**?:¦<. : ~~".\u-*-j:- ¦¦ ¦
GRAPE-NUTS.
BOXES OF GOLD.
Sent for Letters About Grape-HTut3.
S3 1 ) boxes of gold and greenbacks will be
sent to persons writing interesting and
truthful letters a.bout the g-ood that has
been done them by the use of Grape-Nuts
food.
10 little boxes, each containing a $10
gold piece, will be sent the 10 writers of
the most Interesting letters.
20 boxes, each containing a $5 gold piece,
to the 29 next most interesting writers,
and a $1 greenback will go to each of the
S00 next best. A committee of three, not
members of the Postum. Co., will make
decision between December 1 and 10, 190L
Write plain, sensible letters, giving de-
tailed facts of 111 health caused from im-
proper food, and explain the improvement,
the gain in strength, in ¦weight, or in brain
power afier using Grape-Xuts food.
It is a profound fact that most ails of
humanity come from improper and non-
nourishing food, such as white bread, hot
biscuit, starchy and uncooked cereals, etc.
A change to perfectly cooked, predigest-
ed fr>od like Grape-Nuts, scientifically
made and containing exactly the elements
r.ature requires for building the delicate
and wonderful cells of brain and body,
will quickly change a half sick person to
a well person. Food, good food, is Na-
ture's strongest weapon of defense.
Include in the letter the true names and
addresses, carefully written, of 20 persons
r.ot \ery well, to whom we can write re-
KmiOJag the food cure by Grape-Nuts.
Almost every one interested in pure food
is willing to have his or her name appear
in ihe papers for such help as they may
offer the human race. A request, however,
to omit name will be respected. Try for
one of the 330 prizes. Every one has an
f-Qual show. Don't write poetry, but just
honest and interesting facts about the
good you have obtained from the pure
food Grape-Nuts. If a roan or woman has
found a true way to get well and keep
well, it should be a pleasure to stretch
a helping hand to humanity by telling the
facts.
Write your name and address plainly on
ie:ter and mail promptly to the Postum
Cereal Co.. Lid.. Cattle Creek, Mich.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
~~* ~~ >
/ »-.--* ,
Get aboard in California — get off at Omaha, Chicago^!
Kansas City or St. Louis.
There 's the whole story of a trip east with one "of the^
Burlington
Overland Excursions.
No changes; no delays; no bother about tickets or bag-
gage; porter to do your ' bidding; experienced excursion
manager to look after you; fast time; finest scenery on thei
globe.
I I From Los Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays; San Francisco,
¦L— — MpCTBdH Tuesdays and Thursdays. Tickets and bertha at Southera Pacifis
mSfl#CTSSjj ticket offices or by writing
W. D. Sanborn, Gen'l Agent, 631 Market St., Eaa Fraacisc^
l^ 1^! «Local stocks and bonds were quiet on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, with
a decline in Honokaa Sugar at $9 87%. All
other stocks were dull at about previous prices.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers' sold up
to $142, quite an advance. The company de
clared its ninety-fourth dividend of 75c, pay
able on the 12th. . .
Sales of stocks and bonds on the Bond Ex
change during the first nine months of the
year were as follows, compared with the same
time last year: Of stocks, 317,333 shares,
against 318,642; of bonds, $5,078,420, against
$3,841,970.
The semi-annual interest on the Omnibus
Cable Railway 1918 6 per cent bonds, amount
ing to $60,000, was due October 2. [^
STOCK AUTD BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 112 113 is qr c (new)J13SV>133%
4s quar reg 112 113 |3s quar coup. .108 109
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bay C P C 5s.l06}ilO7 Oceanic SS 5s.lO3 103&
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s.l29% —
C C Water 5s. 100% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 99
Ed L & P 6s. — 131% Pk & Cl H 6s. 109 —
Fer & C H 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s.l21 ¦'— .
Geary-st 5s — — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s. — — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s 97% — S F & SJV 5s. 121% —
Los Ang R Es.115%117 Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s.. 101% — S P of Ariz 6s !
Do sntd 6s.. 100 . — (1909) 112% —
Do gntd 5s.. — — (1910) ., 113% —
L A & Pac os.101 102% S P. of Cal 6s • ..
Do 1 c mos. — — (1905). Ser A.10W —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% (1906), Ser B.107% —
Dole m 5s. 122 — (1906) 109 —
Nev C N G 7s. — — (1912) 119 —
N R of Cal 68.112^113 S P of Cal "1st
Do 5s 121 — • c cntd 5s 110 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — SPBr Cal 6s. 133% —
Do 5s -.. — 197% S V Water 6s. 111% —
Nor Cal R 5s. .111 — Do 4s J..103 103%
Oak Gas 5s....lll%112% Do 4s, 3d m.101% —
Cak Trans 6s. 120% — Stktn Gaa 6s. 104 —
Oak Wat e 5s. 102% —
WATER STOCKS. •
Contra Costa.; 75% 76 Port- Costa.... 62\i 65
Marin County. 58 — Spring Valley. 87% 88
GAS AND ELECTRIC. . . .
Cent L & P..1 — — Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equitable ..... 3% 4 Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual 4%- 6% S F G & E 43 44
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 38% 40 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 240 — | . .
BANKS. .
Anglo-Cal .... — 80 L P & A 157%160
California ....405 — Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.108% — S F National.. 130 —
First Nationl.305 — . .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S95 — Sav. & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 1.275 : —
Mutual Sav 57 — Union Trust. .1600 .
San Franclsco.523 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 134 OS L & H.... 40 —
Geary'....'..'...— 50 Presidio 30 —
Market 86% — ¦ . ¦
POWDER.
Giant 74% — IVigorit 3% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 5% 6 Kllauea ....... io% u«
Hawaiian — 50 Makaweli . 24% 25
Honokaa 9% 10% Onomea ...;... — 25
Hutchinson ... 14% 14% Paauhau- .. 10
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. .141 U2\i Oceanic S Co.. 42^ 4S*i
Cal Fruit Can. 96% — ;Pac Aux F A. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 87% — jPac C Borax.. — _
Mer Exchange.llO — iPar Paint .... 16
Morning Session.
Board—
50 California Wine Association 88 50
10 Contra Costa Water 75 00
55 Honokaa Sugar Company....... 9 C714
50 Hutchinson S P Co 14 fi2 i?
50 S F Gas & Electric Co " 43 c;S
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 ?s
• 8 S F Savings Union ..........5'»5 00
300 Vigorit i 4 00 .
. .Street— , . '.
50 California Street Railroad 130 00
100 Giant Powder Con 7450
Afternoon Session.
. - Board — . ,
20 Alaska Packers' Association 141 00
5 Alaska Packers' Association 142 00
15 California Wine Association ss 25
55 California Wine Association 88 00
310 Honokaa . Sugar Co . 9 g-it
50 Hutchinson S P Co 14 50
5 Market Street Railway ...; 87 00
J20CO Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 103 00
Street—
20 California Street Railway 130 CO
15 Market Street Railway «t on
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75 "
$4000 S P of Arizona (1909) ..112 75
PRODUCERS'. OIL EXCHANGE.
, - .. Morning Session. .
'"' Boerd— ' ¦
500 California-Standard 93
10 Hanford 103 00
50 Home 3 45
2000 Junction 21
100 Monte Cristo .:...... 1 65
2700 Reed Crude 32'
¦ Afternoon Session.' ,
Board — .
1000 California-Standard „ 23
1 Hanford — 103 00
. 2 Hanford " 102 CO
1000 Home 3 40
1200 Junction, b 90 2"
20CO Junction, b 90 .." 23"
3C00 Junction r .. 21
100 Monarch of Arizona..:....... .;.. 21
"500 Monarch of Arizona 20 •
85 Peerless, b 90 5 37%
- 10 Peerless .. .-... '. 5 jf>i?
ICO Reed Crude 33
500 Reed Crude 39
200 Sovereign ...... 25
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: -::¦:;
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 17 1C0 Confidence 84
100 Challenge ...... 17 100 Mexican . : *"* 17
'209 Con Cal & Va..l 70 300 Savaee . ""' 0 \
i i 100 Confidence 85 . • - ."*"*'
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— Conditions favored the
bears in the wheat pit at the opening to
day. December started %@%c ¦ lower at' 63%®
69c and at the outset there was more of the
same selling that depressed the market at
yesterday's close. Occasional rallies on cover
ing helped somewhat in bringing prices back,
but later in the session a drive by a small
bear clique depressed December to 68^c. De
cember closed Vi®%c under yesterday at
68%® 69c. •
Corn steadily advanced in the face of bear
ish conditions and the break in wheat. De
cember closed firm at 56%c.
Oats had a fairly active market. December
closed firm, %c higher at 35%c. »
Provisions were only moderately active and
had decided bearish tendencies. January pork
closed 32% lower, lard 12%c ' lower anil ribs
17&C down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Oi>en. Hlsh. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—
October • 67% 67% 66% 67%
December 69% 69% 6S^ 69
May : 72% 72% 72 72%
Corn No. 2 —
October .: 54% 54% 54% 54%
December 66%' 56% .06% 66%
May 6S% ' 58% 58% 58%
Oats No. 2—
October 33% 33% 33% 33%
December 34% 35% 34% 35Vi
May 37Vi ' 37% : 36% 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October 14 45 . 14 45' 14 25 .. 14 25
January 15 80 15 85 15 50 15 52%
May 15 95 15 95 15 65 15 67%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 9 87% 9 90 9 87%- 9 90
November 9 67% 9 70 9 57% 9 60
January 9 22% 9 30 9 17% 9 17%
May 9 25 9 35 9 15 9 17%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— .
October 8 75 8 75 '• 8 40 8 60
January 8 17% 8 15 ' 7 97% 8 00
May 8 20 8 22% 8 05 8 05
Cash quotations were' as follows: Flour, low
er; No. 3 spring wheat. 66%@68c; No. 2 red,
69®69%c;No. 2 oats, 35%@36%c; No. 2 white,
37@37%c; No. 3 white, 36&@36%c; No. 2 rye,
64%@54%c; fair to choice malting barley, 65®
E8c; prime timothy seed, $5 45@5 50; mess pork,
per bbl., $14 30«j)14 35; lard, per 100 lbs., $9 S0@
9 90; shirt ribs sides (loose), J8 50®8 70; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 7%®7?ic; short clear
sides (boxed), $9 30@9 40; whisky, basis of high
wlne3, $1 30.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, ~ barrels ., 70,000 65.OC0
Wheat, bushels 227,000 225.000
Corn, bushels .' 425.0C0 236,000
Oats, bushels 366,000 114,000
Rye, bushels ... 21,000
Barley. . bushels 45,000 .16,000
. On the "Produce ' Exchange to-day the Butter
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling: Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — • 4 86
Sterling Cables _ 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 7V,
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, Der ounce — _ bS%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago was more active and
steady, though the bears were still pressing.
There was no special support, however. The
cash demand was rather better. It was stated
that France would need very little Wheat be
fore spring, and that the French have actually
been reselling all the Wheat they bought early
in the year. Beerbohm cabled that free Ameri
can receipts and cheap offerings from Russia
have weakened the English market. Minnea
polis reported a good domestic demand for
Flour, but not much doing for export.
This market continued quiet, with a further
weakening in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@9G%c; milling, 9S%c
@$1 02% per ctl.
CALL EOARD- SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 12
000 ctls, 98%c. May— 2000, $1 02%.
Second Session — December — 22,000 ctls 98^4c
10,000. 98%c. May— 2000. $102%; 14,000, $102%.
. Regular Morning Session— December— 14 000
ctls. 98%c. May-18,000, $1 02^.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls. $1 02V4: 14 -
000. $1 02%.
BARLEY — There is nothing new to report in
this market. Trade continues dull.
Feed, 72%®73%c for choice bright, 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping trrades, 77 I / 4@S2V4c; Chevalier, 95c@
$1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning. Session— December— 10,000
ctls, 69%c. • '
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Receipts yesterday were heavy,
amounting to 10,930 ctls, most of which came
from down the coast. The market was dull and
unchanged.
¦ Grays, $1 10®l 20: whites, $1 10@l 30; black,
$lff?l 15, and red. $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— Chicago was firmer. Crib Corn was
sold in Kansas at 65c.
The • most prominent bulls have abandoned
the market. St. Louis reported that messages
were received from Kansas, asking for bids.
Omaha reported the situation the most bullish
in the history of the trade. .These reports are
sufficiently contradictory to confuse anybody.
. The local market stands as before.
Eastern Is quoted to arrive In bulk at $1 62".
for White, $1 52% for Yellow and $1 57%@1 60
for mixed.
RYE-75<iJ77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal: none in first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington baiters',. |2 75
@3. . ? \
• MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks * are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25:
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $1
<H\ 25: Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat-
Flour, $3 25; Rolled. Oats (barrels), $6 85*gl8 35;
in sacks, $6 50®8: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per. 100 lbs.
Hay and Fecdstu ffs.
.The demand, for Hay continues good, the
feeling Is firm, and dealers continue* to say
that -were It not for the strike they would now
be doing the best business in the history of the
trade. Prices remain unchanged. i
BRAN— 520 50® 21 50 per ton.
1 MIDDLINGS— $22(523 per ton. m .. .
' FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50.per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26; Jobbing-.
J26 EO@27: Cocoanut Cake, . $16 5fl@17 50; Corn
Meal, $3t@35; Cracked Corn, $34 50@35 50; Mixed
Fefcd,$lS 50®19 50. , • ... .
HAY— Wheat,. $7 50@10: Choice. $10 50011 •'
Wheat and Oat, $7 50@10 50; Oat,- $7 50@9; Bar
ley and Oat. $6 G0@8 50; Alfalfa. $8@10 50: Clo
ver, ?5 E0@7; Volunteer, $5@7; Stock, $5@6 per
ton. • •• . - • , ¦
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
."• Beans "and Seeds..
Beans show no further . change. Some dealers
report a fair shipping demand, while others
say that there is nothing going on. '•
BEANS-Bayos, $2 40(32 65; Small- White, $4;
Large White, $2 40®2 65; Pea. $4 50@4 75; Pink,
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
33,300 barrels; exports, 7872 barrels; dull and
barely steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 130,000 bushels; spot, dull;
No. 2 red, 74%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 75%c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
easy and declined further under excited Chi
cago selling by a prominent . trader, helped
by big receipts, foreign advices and lower
cables. They rallied on covering and in the
afternoon ruled steady. October closed at*
72iic; December at 74%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 5%c; mild,
quiet; Cordova, 7 1 / £@llc. Futures closed steady,
with a net loss of 5@10 points; sales, 37,500
bags, including October, $5@5 05; December
55 15@5 20; March, $5 40@5 45.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady; refined,
quiet.
BUTTER-Receipts, 7213 packages; steady;
State dairy, 14® 21c; creamery, 15@21%c; June
creamery, 22c: fresh factory, 12 1 / S@14 1 >c.
EGGS — Receipts, S859 packages; steady; State
and Pennsylvania, 21@22c; Western candled
20c; Western uncandled, 16%@19Hc.
DRIED, FRUITS.
Evaporated apples moderately active and
rather firm as to tone. State, common to good,
5<S8c; prime, 8M,@8%c; choice, 9c; fancy, &%@
9',£c. California dried fruits, inactive, but
Eteady. Prunes, 3%@7c. Apricots— Royal, SWgi
13c; Moorpark, S@12c Peaches— Peeled, Il@l8c;
unpeeled, 6@9V4c
$240@2 45; Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 50; Llmas,
nominal: Red Kidney, $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustarl, $3 3o@3 50;' Flax, $2 65@3 25; "Canary,
3%@3V4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,' nominal; Rape,
1%@2%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@1 90; Green. $175
@2 per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The weakness in Potatoes continues, and the
tendency is .toward still lower prices. Re
ceipts are ample for all needs. ' :
Onions are rather easy as the demand for to
day's Australian steamer has been about filled.
Vegetables are steady and some kind? are
selling rather better.
POTATOES— 60@90c in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 10@l 40;
Sweets, 50@75c for Rivers and 95c@$l for Mer
ced.
ONIONS-SI 10@l 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3c for Garden;
String Beans, l@3c; Limas, $1@1 25 per sack;
Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes from the
river, 20@30c; from Alameda. ,25@40c: Dried Pep.
pers. 10@12%c; Green Okra. 35® 65c per box;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; -Cucumbers, 25@40c;
Pickles, 2Vf»®3c per lb for small and l@l%c for
large; Garlic, 2@2%c; Green Peppers, 30@50c per
box for Chile and 25@40c for Bell; Egg Plant,
30@50c per box: Green Corn, 40@75c per sack;
Alameda, 50c@$l per crate;: Berkeley, 50@75c;
Summer Squash, large boxes. 30@50c; new Mar
rowfat Squash, $S@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash,
$10. •
Poultry and Game.
Twenty-eight sacks of Game came in. and a
few Ducks made their appearance, bringing
good prices. • ' |
There was nothing new In Poultry, the mar
ket being well supplied and quiet.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 15@16c for Gobblers
and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per . pair, $150®
1 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3@3 50 for old
and $3 50® 5 for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young
Roosters. $4@5; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers,
$3 50® 4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and \i 25@
2 75 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
old and fl 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1 25; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits $1 50 for Cottontail and . ; $1@1 25 for
Brush; Mallard, $6@9; Sprig. $5@7 50; Teal, $4®
4 50; Widgeon, $3@4; Small Ducks, $2; Gray
Geese, $4. 1
, Butter, CJieese and Eggs. ¦
¦ The advance in Butter Is maintained _ without
difficulty; and the fancy creameries- are firm,
but the medium and lower grades are still in
clined, to drar.
Cheese has shown no change for some little
time. ¦• ¦
The lower .grades of ¦ Eggs, such as Eastern
and cold stolage, are improving somewhat, but
there is no ftrther advance In the finer, grades.
The market Is steady, but the demand is not
very brisk.
Receipts were 18,700 pounds . of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter, 380 cases of Eggs, 400
cases Eastern Eggs, 30,300 pound3 of California
Cheese and 26.600 pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 26@27c per lb'for fancy
and 24@25c for seconds; dairy, 18@24c; store
Butter, I5@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18@21c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, 18@13c per lb.
CHEESE— New, Il@l2c; old, 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch. 35@36c for selected large. 32®
34c for good to choice and 27%@30c for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 20® 24c;
Eastern, 17^@23c. - . »
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Cranberries are very firm. Three cars of Cape
Cod are expected between now and the 15th,
but they have already, been sold. The Eastern
crop Is short, and the markets everywhere are
strong.
Grapes are coming in cracked by the rain.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are doing better.
There is nothing new in the general run of
tree fruits, the demand for good stock being
average.
. DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@65c for ordinary.
PLUMS — 30@75c per box; Prunes. 50c@$l per
crate.
PEACHES— 25@40c per box; Peaches in car
riers, 25@50c; Mountain Peaches. 40@60c per
box. »
POMEGRANATES— 60c@$l per box.
PEARS— Winter Pears. 50c@$l per box.
QUINCES— 25@65c per box.
STRAWBERRIES-?5@6 per chest for Long
worths and $3®4 50 for large berries. . . .
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@6 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $S 75@9 per bar
rel ; Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per box.
FIGS — Black, 25@65c for double layer boxes;
White, 25@40c. . ....
MELONS — Nutmegs, 25®40c per box: Canta
loupes, 60c@$l per. crate; Watermelons, ?3@15
per 100.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater,
30(S35c per box and crate; Tokay, 25® 65c: Mus
cat, 25@65c; Black, 25@60c; Isabella, 35@65c;
Cornichon, 75@8oc; Wine Grapes, $28@32 per ton
for Zlnfandel and $20(324 for White-
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 50c@$3 50; Lem
ons. $1@1 25 for common and 1$2@2 50 for good to
choice; 'Grape Fruit, $1@2 50; • Mexican Limes,
fresh. $6@6 50; repacked, $4 50@5; Bananas, 65c
@$1 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is nothing new to report under this
head. . . •
FRUITS— Apricots, 7%@8%c for Royals and S
@13c for standard'to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c; sun-dried, 3Vs@4%c;
Peaches. 5%@8c; Pears, 5@9c; Plums, pitted,
4@5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for red
and 5%@6Vic for white; Figs, 3%@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, htytiloyiC; 40-50's, 5@5%c; 50-60c, 4'/£@4%c;
60-70' s 4®4%c: 70-80' s. 3V4@3%c; S0-90's, 3<@3%c;
90-100' s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters —
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $175. Lon
don layers— Three-crown, $1 35; Two-crown,
$1 25. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown, 4%c: Three-crown, 4V»c; Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4%c; Seedless
Sultanas, S^c; Thompson Seedless, 6%c.
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c; choice, 7Vsc;
standard, 6%c; prime, 5^c. Bleached Thomp
sons— Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime, 6^0.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 9V4c; No. 2,
7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds,
13@14c for papershell, 10@llc for softshell and
5(S6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pe
cans HlfJlSc: Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12V4c for bright and 10©
HV 2 c for light amber; water white extracted, 5H
@6c; light amber extracted, 4^@5c; dark, 4@
4%c. • ' ¦
BEESWAX— 25@28c per Ib.
Provisions.
In view of the continued decline In' pork prod
ucts at Chicago local dealers -now think that
possibly Hams may not advance after all. The
feeling in all cured meats is steady, however,
and stocks as a rule are light.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy. 12%@13c for light medium, lie for light,
loc for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@l4%c; California
Hams, 13V4c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound. ¦ ,
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7' / 4®8c per Ib for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
12%c; 10- lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12%c; 3-*lb tins,
13c. ' - ¦ .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 101/gc; three
half -barrels, 10c; one tierce. *9T4c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l'/4c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9V4c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip- 9V£c; Salted Veal, jOc: Salted Calf, lOfo
10%c; Dry Hides. 16@lG%c; Culls, 14c; Dry Kip.
16c";. Dry Calf, 18c: Culls and Brands, 15c-
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<g30c each: short Wool,
30@50c each: medium, 50@75c; long Wool, t 90c@
$1 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium, SI 75 for small and 50c
@$1 for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large
$1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, ¦ 35c
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins '
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 60c: medium. 35c. . ...
TALLOW— Refined, 6%c; No. 1 rendered 4%
@5c-r>er Jb: No. 2. 3V4@4c: srease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive,^ months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine... 14S:
15c; do. medium, and coarse, H@l3c; Oreeon
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good 9®
lie: Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin. 6%®8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9®llc; do, defective, S@3c-
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb. *
HOPS — New, 12@15o per lb.
. General Merchandise:
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%@
7 I ,4c; local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32@35c; ¦ Fleece Twine, 7%@8c; Fruit
Bags, 5%®6V4c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend
$9; Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 in
sacks: Pensylvania- Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17. In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per: 2000 lbs and $8 50 per . ton, according to
brand. . •
A circular ' for Australia says : - :
"Since the- steamer Ventura- left there have
been but two arrivals of coal from Australia
viz., S. P. Hitchcock, 3279 tons; Euterpe, 1678
tons; total, 4957 tons. .There is only one vessel
due . here " from ' Newcastle during October, . so
LOCAL MARKETS.
and Exports in September.
LUMBER.— Receipts of lumber at this port
during the xnoath of September were as fol
lows: California. 9.226,000 feet: Washington,
{ ,4C1,«00; Oregon, 8,901,000; making a total of
18.58S.OCO feet. The exports during the month
Vrere 2,108,973 feet.
SALMON.— Receipts of salmon during the
month were 80L3SS cases and 14.320 pkge. The
exports w«re 21.E37 cases and 615 pkgs.
COAL.— Receipts of coal in September were
es follows: From Puget Sound, 44,175 tons;
British Columbia. 86,676; Oregon, 1800; Aus
tralia. 12,315; England, 60C6; Eastern. 4400;
snaking the total receipts, 105,392 tons.
Government Money Here. -
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
fcnlted States at San Francisco, reports cash
t>n hand at the close of business on September
£0 as follows:
Vr.lted States notes $3,035 00
Treasury notes of 1E90 ............... 573 00
National bank notes _ 2,155 00
Ellver certificates 38,610 00
Gold coin 29,596,68176
Standard ellver dollars 3L839.605 00
gubsidiary silver coin 110.285 85
Minor coin 21,115 30
Coupons 1,770 20
Jnterest checks, miscellaneous loans 8,178 20
Total $61,622,009 31
The shipments of silver during the month
irere as follows:
Standard diver dollars $218,500
Fractional eilver coin 231.940
Total $450,440
Currants, Raisins, Prunes, Nuts.
Mall advices from New York say: "Trade
on spot continues dull and featureless, but a
Tery fair business Is doing in new crop fruits
nuts for future delivery. Naturally, cur
rants attract most attention, the first direct
jszeamer, the U&nim, now being due. A con
siderable portion of her cargo has been sold
to arrive to cleaners and Jobbers at prices
considerably above the present range. Ama-
Xias, per this vessel, now offer at 6%<g6^4c
according to holder, while goods on the Mel
vllle, the next direct steamer, are quoted at
»ic les«. A fair business is doing In currants
liy both vessels, but orders are mostly for
eicsll lots. New currants on spot were quoted
st 7 : *c, with a. light demand for immediate
requirements. The Greek market was reported
elightly higher, particularly for the better
frades.
"New Valencia layer raisins are meeting
With moderate sale at 7%@7%c on spot, ac
cording: to bolder, and supplies are temporarily
not heavy. A further quantity of Valencia:*,
due on the Manim, Is offering at 7c. New
Smyrna figs are dull. Prices are nominally
unchanged at 8%@12c for layers. There will
be Bold to-morrow 500 cases new layers and
tfGO new crop hags and the prices then realized
will establish the market.
"The raisin situation in California is firmer,
cffering-6 at the moment being few. Prunes
are held steady at a 3%c basis for^Santa
Claras. .A single car of 40-50s, 50-60s and 60-70s,
it is understood, -was sold recently at a 3c
basis, with bids for a number of other care
at the same figure turned down.
"Very little business has been done in the
local market in new California walnuts, the
price being too high as against the prices
ior foreign nuts. New Grenobles, for de
livery about November -U5, are having fair
eale around lOHglO^jc. Ivica almonds, on the
ex>ot, are %c lower at 10%c."
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says: "The
tragic death of President McKinley naturally
bad a depressing influence last month upon
all trade, and the lumber market for at least
fcalf of the month was listless and depressed.
The strike of the teamsters and longshoremen
sJfo affected it. but the action of the Manu
facturers' Association in securing a vessel
end housing and feeding new men broke the
effect of the strike and as fast as possible
vessels were unloaded and sent to sea again.
The effect of this good work is seen In the
Increased receipts of lumber over last month.
"Prices have been somewhat firmer than
usual at this season of the year and carl
rates have been generally maintained. As
coon as the labor excitement is over it is ex
rected that building will be far more active.
'She usual talk of extending trade to East
ern and foreign markets is now being in
dulged in, but no great improvement can be
looked for until the mill owners devise some
plan by which orders from outside States can
be promptly tilled.
"Redwood and mountain pine will find a
ready market In the East when It becomes
known that all sizes can be obtained in
large quantities. Eastern buyers long siftce
t«cam« disgusted with having their orders
(shelved, with the explanation that no mill
could fill the orders. This should not be so.
Arrangements should be made by which a
stock of dry lumber could be kept on hand
ready for . delivery at a moment's notice.
When this is done Eastern architects and
builders, kno-wing that their orders can and
will be. filled, will pay some attention to Cal
ifornia' lumber."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 2—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Cate, as compared with those of same date
Jast season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours :
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 3.99 1.18
Bed Bluff 07 1.87 .34
Sacramento 00 / .56 -Trace
6an Francisco 01 .82 .47
TYesno 00 .57 Trace
Independence C2 .67 . .83
San Luie Obispo 00 .28 Trace
Los Angeles 00 .11 Trace
Ban Diego 00 .06 Trace
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
CS: minimum. 56; mean. 60. '
The followins maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from* Eastern stations-
Boston, 68-56; Philadelphia. 74-56; Cincinnati
74-61; Washington. 88-58; Jacksonville, 84-7o'-
Jlew Tork. 6S-60; Kansas City, 86-50; Chicago
«6-40; St. Louis, SS-58.
THE COAST. RECORD.
' fflsl*! ill
STATIONS. I; IS; if; 3s II • ff
5 : 2 :.3 p.= » p
~ ~ - : i • - - a"
Astoria .?.... 30.00 66 48 W Pt Cldy .00
Eaker 29.90 76 46 NW Clear .00
Carson 29.92 66 44 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.06 60 50 \V Pt Cldy .00
J'Yesno 29.98 74 52 SW Clear .00
Flagstaff .30.04 76 40 S Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho. ..29.82 S2 44 SE Clear 00
Las Angeles 2S.96 74 54 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.78 98 64 NW Clear .CO
Portland 2S.S2 74 54 S Pt Cldy .On
Red Bluff 29.94 70 58 W Pt Cldy .00
Roseburg.. 30.02 68 54 E Cloudy .70
fiacramento 30.04 72 54 SW Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake 29.86 86 52 SE Clear .00
Ban Francisco 30.08 64 56 SW Cloudy 04
Ban Luis Obispo... 30.C8 72 44 W Clear 00
San Diego 29.96 68 58 NW Clear 00
Seattle 29.94 68 44 W Clear 00
Bpokane 29.96 78 36 NE Clear .00
NeahBay 2S.94 66 £2 NW Clear .00
Walla Walla 29.92 74 48 S Clear .00
Winnemucca 29.80 72 42 S Cloudy .08
Tuma 29.78 86 64 W Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 58 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
V, , ' . FORECAST.
A moderate depression overlies Nevada and
appears to be moving northward toward the
Bitter Root Mountain* in Idaho. Heavy thun-
NEW TORK, Oct. 2.— The market started
out to-day with an upward rush. Apparently
the professional traders were Impressed with
the . idea that the statement of net earnings
officially promulgated last evening as the
market closed by the president of the United
States Steel Corporation -would have . a
strengthening influence on the whole list.
There was quite an active demand for a while
for United States Steel, which lifted the price
1% over yesterday. Colorado Fuel and Ten
nessee Coal showed some strength on the as
sumption that the favorable conditions in the
trade revealed by the statement of steel cor
poration earnings • would benefit these com-'
panies also. The railroad list was affected
by a demand from the shorts, but the force
of the demand spent itself early and the mar
ket rell into dullness and heaviness, punctu
ated by a number of weak spots among the
industrials. The friends of United States Steel
were inclined to attribute this weakness to
the contrast afforded with the policy of that
company In the publication of its earnings,
but the United States Steel securities fell back
with the rest of the market and the profes
sional speculative^ sentiment in the street
failed apparently to be impressed with the
new policy of the United States Steel Corfjora
tion as an epoch-making departure. The large
profits reported by that company had some
reassuring effect nevertheless, owing to the
wide-reaching importance attached to pros
perous conditions in the iron and steel in
dustry. The American Car stock, the Pressed
Steel stocks. Glucose and National Salt were
notably affected, losing from 2% to 4 points.
Brooklyn Transit continued weak under pres
sure of liquidation. The stock fell an extreme
4H to below 60, the lowest price of the year.
Manhattan 2%, partly In sympathy. The level
of prices generally was carried below last
night, but new declines did not reach a point
in important railroad stocks except for Mis
souri Pacific. The money market continued
strong and sterling exchange advanced again.
Covering of shorts rallied the market slightly
and It closed about steady.
Railroad bonds were dull and irregular.
Total ealeE, par value, $1,605,000.
United States old 4s declined U. 3s and 5s
% and the new 4s 1 per cent on the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— . Sales High Low Close
Atchison 69,500 77% 75% 76%
Atchison pfd 5,300 97 S6 93%
Baltimore & Ohio 1,600 101 100 100
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 93
Canadian- Pacific 800 109^ 109 109'
Canada Southern 600 84 82% 82%
Chesapeake & Ohio 2.000 45% 44% 44%
Chicago & Alton 1,800 . 38 36^4 36H
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 500 78% 77% 77%
Chicago Ind & Louis.... 1,500 4U£ 41 41
Chicago Ind & Louis pfd 73
Chicago & East Illinois 125
Chicago & Great Westrn 2,000 23 22^4 22%
Chicago & G W A pfd 85
Chicago & G W B pfd 45
Chicago & Northwestm 194
Chicago R I & Pacific. 400 141 140% 139V4
Chicago Term & Trans. 1,400 21 20Vi 20
Chicago Term & T pfd. 1,000 33 3SVSt 38V4
C C C & St Louis 300 97 95>4 95
Colorado Southern 300 13% 13% 13%
Coiorado So 1st pfd 53V4
Colorado So 2d pfd 300 • 25 24% 24^
Delaware & Hudson 2.100 166 165V4 164
Delaware Lack & West. 100 220 220 220
Denver & Rio Grande... 100 45 45 44
Den & Rio Grande pfd. 600- 93 92Vi 92
Erie 12.600 41% 40»i 40%
Erie 1st pfd 1,600 . 63H 68% 68%
Erie 2d pfd 700 55% 55% 54%
Great Northern pfd 1,600 187Vi 186 186
Hocking Valley 600 52 51% 52
Hocking Valley pfd .... 74
Illinois Central 1,200 145% 145 144V.
Iowa Central 200 40 39% 39%
Icwa Central pfd 100 77 77 76%
Lake Erie & Western.. 200 69% 68% 6S»A
Lake Erie & West pfd 127
Louisville & Nashville.. 1,400 103% 102% 102%
Manhattan L 24,100 122% 120% 120%
Metropolitan Street Ry. 2,600 164 162 162
Mexican Central 400 23% 23 23%
Mexican National 600 13% 13 13
Minneapolis & St Louis 105
Missouri Pacific 15,800 S6% 94% 95
Missouri Kans & Texas. 200 27 26% 26%
Missouri Kns & Tex pfd 200 £2% 52% 52%
New Jersey Central 162
New York Central 2,100 157% 156% 156%
Norfolk & Western 600 54% 53% 53%
Norfolk & Western pfd. S9*i
Northern Pacific pfd 100 96% 96% 96%
Ontario & Western 2,300 33% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 4,800 145 143% 113%
Reading 9,400 41Vs 40 1 40%
Reading 1st pfd 1.200 75% 74% 74%
Reading 2d pfd 500 52 51 51
St Louis & San Fran.. 400 45% 44% 44%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 77
St Louis &SFM pfd .... 67%
St Louis Southwestern.. 300 30% 30 29%
St Louis Southwest pfd. 200 62 61% 61%
St Paul 10.400 160% 159% 159%
St Paul pfd 100 1S9 183 187%
Southern Pacific U.700 67 55% 56
Southern Railway 8,300 33% 32% 33%
Southern Railway pfd.. 2.000 86% 86 ' 86
Texas & Pacific 2,500 41% 40% 40%
Toledo St Louis & West 22
Toledo St L & West pfd 100 36 36 35U
Union Pacific 20,600 97% 96% 96%
Union Pacific pfd 4C0 88% 87% 87
Wabash 1.600 21% 21% 21%
Wabash pfd 1,100 3S% 3S% V 38%
Wheeling & Lake Erie is
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 300 29% ¦ 23% 29
Wisconsin Central SOO'. 22% 21 21
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 500 42% 41% 41%
Express Companies — i .
Adams • ISO
American , 189
United States .... 90
Wells-FarKo ¦ .... 160
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper .. 28,900 91% 89% 90
Amer Car & Foundry.. 12.000 28% 26 26
Amer Car & Fndry pfd 3,300 83% 80 80
American Linseed OIL 17
Amer Linseed Oil pfd.. i ; 45
Amer Smelting & Refng 4,200 45 44 - 44 .
Am Smeltng & Rfng pfd 200 96% 96 96%
Anaconda Mining Co.... l.ooo 36% 36 - 35%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 3.300 64% 59%, 60-
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 1,000 95 93 93
Consolidated Gas 2,000 219 218 218
Continental Tobacco pfd LOO** 116 116 115
General Electric joo 257% 257% 256
SS:::::::::::!^ 61 g*j
International Paper 1,400 22% 22* 22W
International Paper pfd 600 77 77 77
International Power 200 94U <u o»
Laclede Gas .... ¦•«¦
National Biscuit 400 43% 43'"- jji
National Lead 100 20 20 vtu.
National Salt 400 40 3su m
National Salt pfd '. .. %„
North American .... *""" a.
Pacific Coast . . «J£
Pacific Mail 400 42% 41% 41*4
People's Gas 6,600 106% 104% 105Vi
Pressed Steel Car 1,000 39% -38% 3s2>
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 600 79% 78 79"
Pullman Palace Car , 212
Republic Steel .' 100 15% 15% 15
Republic Steel pfd...... 100 66 66 66
Sugar ; 40,500 119 117 118%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 800 62%; 61% 61%
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Isabella Inches to Robert Inches, lot on K .
line of Fell street, 155:7 W ci Van. Ness ave
nue, W 45:10 by N 120; gift. -,.„,.-
William A. and Delia F. Nevllla to Charies
F. Doe. lot on N line of Bush street. 87:8 . W
of Laguna. W 25 by N 100; also lot on N line
of Washington street, 92:6 E of Buchanan. B
45 by N 107:8%; $10. •¦ -,-
City and County of San Francisco to Flora
D. Jones, lot S line of Oak street. ISO E oT
Fillmore. E to Webster. S 275. W 233:6. N
'Ella F." O'Brien (widow) to Ruby Morrill
(wife of George A.), lot on E line of Ashbury
street. 160 S of Frederick. S 30 by E 106:3; «0.
Elizabeth and William H. Mann to John Wal
ton, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue.
229:11 E of First avenue, E 25 by N 137:6; *10.
L. D. and Susie Batchelor to J. O'Keefe, lot
on W line of Folsom street, 100 N of Eigh
teenth. N 25 by W 122:6; $2000. ¦ ' __
Annie Sherry (widow) to Hannah V. , Win- .
slow, lot on W line of Chattanooga «treet,
65 N of Homer (Twenty-third), S 65 by W 117:6;.
also lot on N line of Sixth avenue. 150 E of M
street, N 100 by E 50. lot 137. block 97. Central
Park Homestead; also lot on S corner of Sev
enteenth avenue and I street, SW 100 by 3
75, lot 8, block 352, South San Francisco Home
stead'and Railroad Association: also lot on
SW line of Fifth avenue, 262:6 SE of B street,
SE 37:6 by SW 100, lot 5. block 108. same; $10.
Cora S. Howe to Clara Whitney Spear. lot
on W line of Folsom street, 46 S of Twenty
fifth, S 24 by W 115, quitclaim deed; $437. .
Lena Bunneister (widow) to Isabella Mc«
Devitt (wife of John), lot on W Ub« ot Vlcks
burg street. 120 S of Twenty-third. S 25 by
W 117:6; $10. • v -^.
Elizabeth Evans (widow) to John J. Wirtner,
lot on S line <rf Army street, 160 W of Church,
W 80 by S 114; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Annie
Boland (wife of P.). Mary E.. Nelly, Joseph A..
John B. and C. D. CSulHvan, undivided one
half of lot on SW corner of Front and Jackson
streets. S 91:8 by W 137:6; $25,000.
Giuseppe or G., Maria, Domenlco and Maua
Oneto to Achille Paladinl. lot on NW corner
of Green and Battery streets. N 23 by W 1M;
$10.
Adelaide H. Comstock, Emily H. Bangs and
Vlctorlne H. O'Brien (all nee Halnque), H. O.
Comstock, Frank C. Bangs. Arthur Hainqua
and Mathew O'Brien to A. J. Tait. all interest
In lot on NE line of Beale street. 100 SE of
Mission. SE 37:6 by NE 45:10; $10.
Agnes M. Halnque to same, all same; grant.
Estrella C. Lies (widow) to Margaret A.
Skelly (widow), lot on SW corner of M street
and Thirty-third avenue. S 600 by W IiO:_$lO-
Anna D. Joost to Sarah L. Hanson (wife of
William E.), lots 387 to 389, gift map 4; $10. »
Albert Berg to Charles Berg, undivided one
third of lot on SE corner of Bosworth and
Cuvier streets. S ICO by E 50, lots 1* and 13.
block 10. De Boom Tract; $10.
Market and Stanyan Streets and Golden Gate
Park Land and Improvement Company to
John M. Robertson, lot on N line of Seven
teenth street, 150:6 E of Stanyan. N 112:4. E
31:3 S 4 degrees 50 minutes E 111:3, W 22:6.
lot 14. block 3. subdivision 1.-. Clarendon
Heights; $10.
Estate of Mary Igo (by Joseph Goddard, spe
cial administrator) to Mary Meyer (administra
trix of the estate of Mary Igo). lots 13oO to
1363. gift map 3. on SW line of California ave
nue, between Figaro and Tomaso streets (quit
claim deed); $ . ¦• .
Alameda County.
Walter V. and Mettle J. Lllley to Robert S.
and Alice M. Maxwell, lot on S line of Essex
street, 412:2 W of Shattuck avenue. W 103 by
S 50, being lot 9, block I, Newberry Tract;
Berkeley; $10.
Charles E. and Delia M. Ward to Clarence
Overholtzer. lot on W line of Grant street. 40.75
S of Lincoln. S 40 by W 100, being lot 2, block
D, Edith Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Nellie F.
Mau. lots 30 to 32, block 1, Allendale Tract;
Brooklyn Township; $10.
James B. Fair. H. W. Lynch. Grace McC.
Huxley. Clara H. Patterson and F. H. Hilton
(board of trustees of Centervllle Presbyterian
Church) to Elizabeth Crothers, lot on SE one
fourth of Plot 47. Centerville Cemetery; Wash
ington Township: $7.,
John R. Glascock, Alfred H. Blow and Mary
V. Weil (Blow), trustees under deed of Mary
A. Blow, to William T. Harrls.ilot on SE cor
ner of Seventh and Washington streets. E 33
by S 100, being a portion of block 66. Kellers
berger's map. subject to mortgage for $10,665;
Oakland; $10.
- Charles and Ambrosina Scheggia to W. M,
and Alice Kennedy, lot on NE corner of Eighth
and Union streets. N 87:11 by E 50. being a por
tion,, of block 548. Boardman'3 map; Oakland;
$10.
William and Catherine D. Murdoch to J. H.
Falster. lot on E line of Curtis street, 50 S of
Twenty-first. S 23 by E 100. being lot 23. block
30O, map Redivision Block 3C0; Oakland: $10.
Theodore P. and. Eliza Schaller to Emma B.
Dey-<wife of Robert P. Dey). lot on N line of
Simpson avenue, 375 W of Telegraph avenue,
W 3S by N 112.24. being W 25 feet of lot 34 and
E 13 feet of lot 33, Simpson Tract; Oakland;
$10.
Mary E. Fowler (widow) to' Laura L,. Night
ingale (wife of W. F. Nightingale), lot on S
line of Sutter street. 141.32 W Park, W 50 by
S 91. being lot 11. block D. Gaskill Tract: $10.
Dora Becht (single) to Johan V. antl Clara
M. Peterson, lot on S line of Charter avenue,
534:3 E of San Pablo avenue, E 25 by S 129:4%.
being E one-half of lot 16, Tuttle Homestead
Tract: Oakland; $10.
. Annie Taylor (McBrlne. McGarry). wife of
John Taylor, to Jennie H. and Albert Hughes,
lot on N line of Clinton street, 50 W of Summit
W 125, N 125. E 425 to a point 50 W of Summit.
S 100 to beginning point of block A, New Town
of Lynn; East Oakland; $10.
Hugh and Anna S. Hogan to Frances M.
Markley.lot on NW line 'of Twenty-first avenue,
105 SW of East Twentieth street.- SW 35 by
NW 100. being a portion of block 49, San An
tonio Tract: East Oakland; $10. -
Benjamin Basely (single) to James H. Young,
lot on W line of Morton street. 150 S Railroad
avenue. S 75 b~y W 150, being lots 15 "to 17. block
27, map of the property of Chartes L. Fitch, J
deed, etc.; Alameda; $10. -.
Julia Andrade to Manuel F. Andrade. lot on
W line of Vallejo street. 100 S of Smith. S 50
by W 100. Town of Alvarado; Washington
Township; $1.
Alameda Savings Bank to E. A. Kober. lot
on N line of Railroad avenue. 73 W of Sherman
street, N-- 95. 93.. by W 95 (recorded October 1.
1901). Alameda; S273G.
Frederick A.. Louise B. arnVJamw P. Merrltt
(by William G. Henshaw and C. ~E. Palmer,
trustees) to William B. Bosley and T. T. Dar
gie. 700 D. 113. lot on SE- corner of Fourteenth
and Madison streets, E 150. S ICO. E 50. N. 100.
E 100; S 200. W 300.- N 20O. portion of block 197.
Kellersberger's map. Oakland; also lot on SW
corner of Thirteenth and Oak streets. W 300 by
5 100. being the N half of block 16?. trustees'
deed. Oakland; $50,000. v ¦ s
Timothy Stanton to Susie M. Brackett (wife
of L. C). lot on E line of Telegraph avenue,
215 N of Prospect avenue. N.10 by E -100.72. por
tion of lot 5. McClure Academy Grounds ' Oak
land; 110.
Patrick and Katie S. Brackett to same lot 6
same, Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
: Whitney Estate Company (owners) to Brode
6 Clark Iron Works (contractors), architect
Nathaniel Blaisdell— Two steel beam girders
over fifth-story window heads of street front
of .Starr. King building, on lot oij S line of
Geary street, 137:6 E of Stockton. E 112-6 bv
S 137:6; $1170. ' V
; Same owners ; with Otis ; Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same— Two- direct elec
tric passenger elevators for. same en 1 same
$10,000. .-.••.-. ,* »-"«=.
Mrs. M. C. Rellly (owner) with X,. JJ. Grant
(contractor), architect — All work for a
one and a half story frame building on lot on
E line of Noe street, ¦ 160 Ji of Foprteenth ¦ N "0 '-
by E 162. M B 100; $1400. •_¦ .•,.,..;
: Bertha F. Smith, (owner) with Felix Marcuse '
(contractor and architecty^AH work for two
story frame building on lot on W line of. Tenth
; avenue.- 100 N of A street. N 37:i by W 120
: J237a ' • .• •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
1 derstonns are reported In the desert -with high
west winds.- During, the past twelve hours
the pressure has fallen steadily between the
Sierra and the Rockies,
The temperature continues from 6 to 9 de
grees below the normal, and conditions are
still unfavorable for raisin making and fruit
drying.
Showers are reported in the vicinity of San
Francisco and also at Red Bluff. Heavy rain
has fallen at Roseburg.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 3:
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Thursday, with showers in the foothills;
fresh southwest winds.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; brisk
southwest winds.
Nevada— Thunderstorms In northern portion
Thursday; brisk to high southerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Clearing Thurs
day; light southerly, changing to brisk south
erly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 331 200 Crown Point... 03
10O Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 100 Silver Hill 31
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 18 400 Ophir 77
200 Con Cal & V.I 72i,s 400 Silver Hill 32
300 Mexican ........ IS
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes ...^ CS' 250 Potosi OS
300 Bullion 0C 1000 Savage 01
Chollar 0: 200 Silver Hill 3^
200 Con cll& Va..l 70 500 Union Con ..... 07
100 Ophir 75 135 Yellow Jacket., to
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 2 — i P. m.
Bid.Ask. Bll £ As !?:
Alpha — C2 Justice -.. 02 04
Alta 03 C5 Kentuck — 02
Andes ..'. 05 06 Lady Wash .... 01 -
Belcher 10 11 Mexican « 13
Best & Belcher 16 17 Occidental to 06
Bullion - 02 Ophir 78 »,
Caledonia ...'... 33 34 Overman 0o : Ct»
Challenge Con.. 17 IS Potosi 07 OS
Chollar 07 OS Savage 01 02
Confidence 84 85 Scorpion — Ot
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 70 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... - 01 Sierra Nevada. W 20
Con New. York. 01 - Silver Hill 31 33
Crown Point... 03 05 St Louis — 08
Eureka Con.... 14 - Standard 3 2» —
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — . 07
Gould & Curry 06 Ob Union Con 06 W>
Hale & Norc... 17 -» Utah ........... 02 03
j ul i a — 01 Tellow Jacket.. 09 10
_±- LIVERPOOL. '
Wheat— . . Dec. March.
Opening ........5 6% , , 5 S%
Closing 56% 5 8%
„ PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 20 85 2170
Closing 20 85 21 60
Flour-
Opening 27 05 27 70
Closing 26 85 27 10
Nezv York Metal Market. '.
NEW- YORKi Oct. 2.— Tin in London closed
steady to-day, at" a net loss of £1, after at
one time ibelng £2 below last night's figures.
The undertone was weak. Spot was finally
quoted at '£110 2s 6d and futures at £108 2s 6d.
Locally the 'tin market opened weak, but
later rallied, on light buying orders and closed
firmer at |24 25@24 50.
- Copper ruled lifel-iss at New York at 16%@
17c for lake- and 16%@16%c for casting. In
London,- however, copper advanced 15s, bring
ing 6pot and futures to the same level, £64 10s.
Lead." quiet at $4 37% here, while a sharp
decline of 5s occurred in the London market,
with spot closing at £11 Is 6d.
• Spelter ruled dull' at'$4 05@4 10 at New York,
but was 2s better at London, closing at
£16 17s- 6d. , .'. . ¦ , •
: Domestic iron markets were quiet, but firm,
at $8 50@10 50 f or piglron warrants; No. 1
Northern < foundry, $15@15 50; No. 2 Southern
foundry, : $14@14 50; No. 1 Southern ' foundry,
$14 75@13'25; No. 1 Southern foundry, soft, $14 75
*@15 25.- "Glasgow warrants closed 54s and Mid
dlesborb, 1 45s'4\£d. •¦, * . V; - '.. : /-.v \..i ..
: New York Cotton Market.
'NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— The market' for cotton
futures closed steady, 3@S points higher.
:*>; ; : Chicago Livestock. \
: CHIQAGO, Oct. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 23,000,
Including 700;Texans and 3000 Westerns. Choice
firm ; .. others 10c lower. ,. Good to prime steers,
$6 i'5@6 85; poor to good, , $4@6; stockers and
feeders,' $2 25@4; cows, ?125@4 65; heifers, $2@
5; canners, $1 25@2 25; -bulls, $155@4 75; calves,
$2 50(86.50.; Texas steers, $3@4; Western steers,
$3 75® 5 50. ' : ' ¦ ¦ " ' ¦ : ' - ¦•
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 28,00*0; to-morrow,
30,000 estimated; left over, 9000 head. Market
slow and 15@20c • lower. ¦ Mixed and- butchers,
$6 35@6 C5; good .to choice heavy,' $6 60@6 87%:
rough heavy, $6 25@6 50; light, $6 40#6 55; bulk
of sales, $6 40@6 60. . " •
• SHEEP-Recelpts, '23,000. "Market steady.
Lambs - slow to weaker. . Good to choice weth
ers, $1 30@3 75; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 30;
Western sheep, $2 50@3 50; native lambs, $2 50®
4 75; 'Western lambs. $3 40@4 60. ¦ ¦• :
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Oct. 2. — The offerings at the -wool
auction sales to-day ' numbered 13,888 ; . bales.
Superior merinos and scoureds were In . keen
demand for the home, trade and Germany.
Crossbreds were in fair supply, and in demand
mainly for home, French and German buyers.
Several suitable parcels . of crossbreds were
taken for, America.-. . ' ¦.'.¦.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, • Oct. 2.— Clearings, $447,991; bal
ances, $90,733. - • . . •
Northern . Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct." 2.— WHEAT— Dull and
lower; Walla Wallai 52%@53c; Blue Stem. 54c.
Cleared— British bark Dunbritton, 78,183 bush
els wheat/ ¦ : -o ¦ •' . •
/.WASHINGTON. , v
TACOMA, 1 Oct. 2.— WHEAT— Unchanged ; no
quotations.. .:.'.,,= "-"¦, -\. ,.-*¦> ;
Foreign Future's;* -.; j
LONDON, Oct. , 2.— Silver, 26%d. French
rentes, lOlf 12V4c@101f 7%c. '.- Cargoes on. passage,
very weak; cargoes No.- 1 Standard California,
28s 3d; English country markets, steady; In
dian shipments wheat to U. K., 25,000 quarters;
Indian shipments wheat to Continent, 4000
Quarters.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 2.— WHEAT- Steady; No.
1 Standard California, 5s l0d@5s 10%d; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
showery. ¦ .
COTTON— Uplands, 4 9-16d.
Silver and Exchange about as before.
Wheat futures continue weak. Barley dull.
Nothing new in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Hay still in demand and firm.
Beans unsettled and quiet.
Potatoes weak and Onions easy.
Butter, CJieese and "Eggs unchanged.
Cranberries firm and scarce.
Provisions steady here, but declining at Chicago.
Hogs in liberal supply and weak.
Grapes cracked by the rains.
Bui little Game being received.
Poultry quiet and featureless.
Local stocks and bonds about the same.
Union Bag & Paper Co. 200 15% 15% 15
Union Bag & p Co pfd „ ..„ 71
United States Leather.. 12% 12 12%
United States Rubber... 100 16% 16% 16%
H . I l ub , bsr Pfd.. ........ 200 53 52% 53
Un ted. States Steel 56.400 44% 43% • 43%
United States Steel pfd. 36,500 '55 93% 93%
western Union. ,:... 2,000 91 ,90% 90
Shares solfc ....486,100
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg.. ..109 L & N unified 4s. .102
Do 2s. coupon.".. .109 Mex Cent 4a 84
Do 3s. reg 107% Do let inc 30%
Do 3s, coupon. ..107% Minn & St L 4s. ...103%
Do new 4s. reg.l3S% M. K & T.4s 98
Do new 43 coup.l3S% Do 2ds 82 -
Do old 4s, reg..:. 112 N Y Cent lsts 105%
Do old is, coup.. 112 Do gen 3^s 109
Do 6s. reg ..107% N J C gen 3s 130
Do 5s, coupon... 10"Vi Nor Pacific 4a ....104
Atch een 4s 103 Do- 3a 72
Do S.&1 4s 97 Nor & W con 4s.. 101%
Bal & Ohio 4s 102 Read Gen 4s 95%
¦ £° S^ 3 94% S L & I M con 3s.ll4% !
Do conv 4s 105 S L & S F 4s 95 ¦
Can So 2ds 107% St L So lsts 97%
Central of Ga 3s.. 106% Do 2ds 78%
Do 1st Inc 96 S A & A Pass 4s.. 86'
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO6% So Pac 4s 91%
Chi & Alton 3%s.. 84% So Ry 5a 11G%
C, B & Q new 4s.. 96% Tex & Pac lsts. ...119%
C, M&StPgn 4sllO T, S L & W 4s 82
C & N con 7s 140 Union Pacific 4s... 105 -
C, R I & Pac 4s. .106% Do conv 4s 106%
C.C.C & S L gn4slO2 Wabash lsts ...... 119 V4
Chi Term 4s 93 Do 2ds ..,.110 *
Colo & So 4s 87% Do deb B .......V61%
D & R G 4s 102 West Shore 4s ..-..113%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97% W &. L E 4s 98>4
Erie Gen 4s 87% Wi3 Cent 4s 88%
F W & D C lsts.,103 Con Tobacco 4s.... 66
Hocking Val 4%s.lO6%
MINING STOCKS. - •
Adams Con 20;Little Chief ¦ 12
Alice SOIOntario 11 00
Breece 1 40 Ophir 70
Brunswick Oon.... 04|Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 06iPotosl 01
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Savage 01
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 17
Horn Silver ISO Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 25
Leadville Con .... 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End -...' 9334'
Call loans 4 @5 Westing Elec" 70%
Time loans 4^@6 Bonds-
Stocks— N E G & C 5s.... 51 ¦
A. T & St Fe 76% Mining shares-
Do rrefd 96*4, Adventure ....: 22%
Amer Sugar 118Vi Bingrham MIn Co.. 31
Amer Telephone ..156% Amal Copper ..:.. 89%
Boston & Albany. 257 Atlantic ........... 32
Boston Elevated... 171 Calumet & Hecla.630 '
Boston & Maine.. .192 Centennial". 20%
Dominion ¦ Coal ... 44% Franklin .17%
Do Drefd 119 Humboldt 23
U S Steel 43% Osceola 95?4
Do rrefd 93% Parrot ;.: 40
FItchburg prefd...l42 Qulncy -..v.160 !
Ed Elec 111 23 Santa Fe Copper. 5%
N E G & Coke 6 Tamarack 290
Old Colony 206% Utah Mining ...... 25
Old Dominion .... 27% Winona ....2%
Rubber 15% Wolverines .59
Union Pacific .... 96%
London Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cable says:
The stock market to-day was idle. The cop
per shares were steady; the market for metal
hardening. American stocks quietly, improved
in a narrow market. There was a general raJly
In the afternoon and strength .under the lead
of Atchison, which is expected to have the
semi-annual dividend increased to 2 per ¦ cent.
Two leading brokers bought 20,000 shares of the
common stock. Southern Pacific was flat. The
Steel dividend had no effect. Money rates are
unchanged.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 2.— Anaconda, 7%; Atchison,
79%;. do preferred, 100; Canadian Pacific, 112%;
Denver and Rio Grande, 46%; do preferred, 95%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 99; Union Pacific,
100; do preferred, 90%; bar silver, quiet, '26%d
per ounce; money, 1%@2 per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 2.— Money on call, steady,
at 3@4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; ruling,
4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5%
per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 85%(S4 85% for
demand and $4 S3%@4 83% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 84@4 86%. Commercial bills
14 82%@4 83%. Bar silver, 58%c. Mexican dol
lars, 45%c. Government bonds, weak; railroad
bonds, irregular; State bonds, inactive.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, shows-
Available cash balance, J169.713.8U; gold,'
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
that the Colonial fuel here In yard will amount
to very little for the J next' sixty days Tnere
are named on the coal chartered list * weI »y
eight vessels carrying over, 80,000 tons. At this
time last yearUhere were thirty-seven vessels
carrying 110,000 tons. Latest freight Jl™**
tions from Newcastle are higher, caused by a
weakening here In outward grain freight 3 a"L a
the detentioa In loading vessels .at this ena.
The asking price for. Australian coal cargoes
for future loading do not leave much margin
for profit, as competition is very keen with our
coast producers. Besides fuel oil is gaining
new advocates monthly, and as a steam pro
ducer Is acquiring supremacy over coal in an
branches. Its general use may eventually- cause
an advance in price and may check its consump
tion somewhat. A very serious fire is just re
ported in one . of the Dunsmuir properties in
British Columbia. Full details are not yet at
hand. This will minimize the shipment here
of household fuel this winter and may disturb
values somewhat. There will be no change 01
prices of steam grades." -.,.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, ««•
1. 7Cc; pure,., $1 20; Unseed Oil, to bar
rels, boiled, 74c; raw, 72c; cases. Be more,
Lucol, 64c for boiled and 62c for raw
In barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, bar
rels, 85c; cases. 90c; China Nut. 55@72c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot in barrels. 70c: cases. 7-->c;-
Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale Oil, natural white. 40
@45c per gallon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 37%c;
cases. 42%c; Cocoanut Oil. bbls, 63%c for Cey
lon and 58%c for Australian. „
COAL. OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl OH, in cases 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star, 19%c; Extra- Star, 23%c; Elaine. 24%c;
Eocene. 21%c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 15c; in cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c:
In cases. 26c. • '
TURPENTINE— 58c p«r gallon in cases and
52c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The- Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10c; Pow
dered. 4.95c; Candy Granulated, 4.95c; Dry
Granulated. 4.85c; Confectioners' A, 4.S5c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.85c; Beet Granulated. 4,75c; Mag
nolia A. 4.45c; Extra C. 4.35c; Golden C. 4.23c:
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 23c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domi
; nos.. half -barrels, 5.35c; boxes, 5.60c per lb.
San Francisco Metft Market.
Hogs continue in liberal supply, with the
packers reselling some of their recent pur
chases. Otherwise there Is nothing new.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Larjce. 7%@8%c; small. S@3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
PORK— Live hogs. 230 lbs and under. 6c: ovei
230 lbs, 5%@5%c: feeders. : sows, 20 per
cent off; boars. 30 per cent off, and stags, 40
per cent off from the above quotations: dressed
Hogs, 7%@9c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2.
Flour, qr sks 18, 6381 Middlings, sks .. 2 555
Wheat, ctls 8,493 Wool, sks 318
Barley, ctls 7,139 Hops, bales SI
Oats, ctls 2,700 Hay, tons 562
Corn, ctls .180 Straw, tons 35
Rye. ctls 500 Leather, rolls .... r,6
Tallow, ctls 261 Quicksilver, flsks 113
Sugar, ctls 9.194 Hides, No 71S
Beans, sks 2,242 Pelts, bdls 778
Onions, sks 1,820 Raisins, bxs 1,700
•Potatoes, sks .... 5,216 Wine, gals 43,100
Bran, sks 2,170
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 78? Bran, sks 2.730
Oats, ctls ........ '2,840 Shorts, sks 1,00}
Potatoes, sks .... 61 •
market was firm; creameries, 14@21%c; dairies,
13@19c; ' cheese, -steady. 9%@10%c; eggs, firm;
fresh, 17c. _ ¦ : - " -> '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
Neiv York Grain and Produce
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
AUCTON SALES
AUCTION SALE
AT J. D. HORAN'S STOCK TAR^CORNER
TENTH. AND BRYANT STREETS
SATURDAY. OCT. 5. AT 11 A. M.
T will sell 50 head of well-bred, all-purpose,
brok^^nd'unbroken horses mare, and gcid-
lD T^i, S f 3 V iTsele^t & ot hor^fVom the Wood-
ard h RancS. S Yo?o County, and" positively shall
be sold without Auctioneer.SURPRISES THE OLD GUARD.
LOS ANGELES, Oct:2.-rThe. "old guard"
men^f the Southern Pacific Railroad
Friends of Herbsrt Expected Him to
Remain With the Road
Southern Pacific Excursion All Over
' the State.
Southern California, San Jose, Del
Monte, Monterey, Santa Cruz, Big Trees,
Santa Rosa. Napa, Sacramento, Marys
ville, Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld, the
Yosemite— every important point, every
leading resort reached via the Southern
Pacific, which offers low excursion rntes
to holders of Episcopal Convention ex
cursion tickets and accompanying friends.
Free literature at 613 Market street
The following divorces were granted
yesterday: Ella Kindrick from Ewell
Kindrick, willful desertion and neglect;
Ella N. Cohen from Richard Cohen, de
sertion; Loretta E. Smith from Fred M.
Smith, desertion; Robert C. Gardner
from Mary>A. Gardner,' desertion.
The suit of Ida D. Hopkins against Wil
liam F. Hopkins wa3 dismissed by request
of the plaintiff. Suits for divorce were
filed as follows: Harriet Jeff ers against
Frank G. Jeff ers, desertion; .Elizabeth
Knott against Charles Knott, failure to
provide. .' ' . .
Divorce Court Proceedings.
Is what makes your room pleasant to live
in. We "can give you pretty mattings In
any tints you want. They cost very little,
but when you have mounted on them
half-tones or any. pretty pictures you
chance to see, you will have an enviable
collection. - Call and see what we have In
mattings, pictures | and , frames. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741- Market-street. •
Your Own Good Taste
POLICE WILL SUMMON
' THE WITTMAN JURY
Judge Seavrell Decides That Sheriff Is
Not Proper Officer to Serve
Summons.
The order issued by Police Judge Ca
baniss directing the Sheriff to summon a
jury to try Captain Wittman on a charge
of battery was) annulled by Judge Sea
well yesterday. The decision was ren
dered on a writ; of review.
Judge Seawell in his decision states that
in respect to the proposed trial the peti
tion must be denied for the reason that in
a proceeding of this character he could
only review the proceedings which have
already taken place and that he had no
power to prohibit future action.
The court further holds:
"That the Sheriff is not required to at-:
tend any police court in the State. The
Political Code provides that the Sheriff
rnust attend all courts, except Justices',
Probate and Police courts held within his
county. The charter provides that the
Chief of Police shall appoint one or more
public officers to attend the, sessions of
the Police Court to preserve order and ex
ecute the orders of the court."
Special Dispatch to The Call
MAXILA, Oct. 3, 7;ia a. m.— A coasting
vessel which has arrived here reports un
officially that two companies from Teclo
ban belonging to the command of Colonel
Foote lately reached Balangiga, the scene
of the disaster to Company C, Ninth In
fantry. They found the bodies of forty
five Americans unburied, including that
of Captain Connell, who was bound with
rcpes and partly burned. The Filipinos
had carefully buried the bodies of their
countrymen killed in the fighting. The
town, which was deserted, was razed by
the Americans. Three companies of Maca
bebe scouts boarded a vessel to-night for
Samar, but are detained in port by a
typhocn.
General Chaffee sent a battalion of the
Seventh and Twenty-sixth regiments to
the island, and the severest kind of war
fare will be waged against the rebels In
that district. This has been forced during
'night. When the result was announced
there v/ere cheers and other evidences cf
approval. Whether the settlement will
have the effect of bringing the machin
ists to an amicable agreement with the
members of the Metal Trades Association
the future alone car. determine.
Business Agent Wisler of the machin
ists declined last night to express any
opinion upon the settlement of the team
sters' strike. He went on to say: '
"I have not yet ascertained just what
the terms of agreement between the
teamsters and draymen are, and until I
know the precise status of affairs I ha\e
no opinion to express. The machinists
are standing firm for nine hours with ten
hours' pay. We have made that fight for
over four months, and we expect to w:n."
"Is it true that the Governor is interest
ing himself in the striked of the machin
ists, and that he has announced that it
will shortly be settled to the satisfaction
of all concerned?"
"I know nothing about the Governor,"
replied Wisler. "I have not seen the Gov
ernor for some time. I believe I am right'
when I say that he has not been In com
munication -with the Iron Trades Council
CONLAN FINDS HIM GUILTY.
Union Sailor Picket Convicted of
Battery on an Officer.
Andrew Obig. Gustave Eckman, Arthur
Holmliind, Carl Quarn3trum and Henry
Grant, union sailor pickets, appeared be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday morning.
They had been prowling along Pacific
street in search of non-union men. Short
ly after 11 o'clock Tuesday night a man
was knocked down and badly beaten.
About 2 o'clock • yesterday morning a
young man named Smith was also badly
beaten. Policeman Holmes and Special
Officer Daggett got to. the scene a few
minutes later and saw seven of the pick
ets, among whom were Oblg and Eck
man. They were ordered away, and Oblg
remarked that the police were always too
late tosee the fun. Four went one. way
and three another. About 3 o'clock Holmes
and Daggett saw Obig and .Eckman and
the three other defendants on Pacific and
Sansome streets. They were ordered to
go home and Obig struck Holmes In the
face, raising a lump on his forehead.
Holmes drew his club and Oblg continued
to strike at him until a blow from the
club subdued him. Eckman showed fight
with Daggett, but was quickly subdued.
Holmes and Daggett placed Obig under
arrest for battery, and disturbing the
peace and Eckman for disturbing . the
peace. The other three followed them to
the Hall of Justice abusing the officers,
and were also arrested for disturbing the
peace. When searched Holmlund had an
empty quart bottle In his pocket.. Obig
was convicted on the charge of battery,
and the cases of disturbing the peace
against him and Eckman were continued
until this morning. The case3 against the
other three defendants were dismissed.
About an hour after the arrest of these
five men George Jaudin, M. Daley; A. J.
Garibaldi and E. F. Garibaldi, who are
employed in Fontana & Co.'s warehouse,
• —
Forty-Five Victims of the
Treachery of Natives
Left Unburied.
Projectors, of New Rail
way Incorporate in
Phoenix.
The proposed line Is to run from El
Paso to Bensop, down the San Pedro
Valley to the Gila River, along that
stream to Florence, thence via Pnoenlx
to California. A syndicate of New York
capitalists is said to-be backing the en
terprise. Just what interests are repre
sented Is not apparent. •
A notice ofintention to build was filed
last August In order to take advantage
of the tax exemption and the.incorpora
tors say construction will begin wjtnin
four months. •_¦ ~ ¦ - ¦ ." .
. PHOENIX, Ariz.. Oct. 2.— Articles? of
Incorporation of the El Paso, Phoenix
and California Railroad were filed, to-day
with the Territorial Secretary. The cap
ital stock Is given as $10,000,000. The in
corporators are ex-Governor McCord, J.
L. B. Alexander, J. A. Kurtz of Phoenix
and J. J. Hodnett and M. E. Curry of
Tempe.
Members of the Mechanics' Institute
met last night to discuss the proposition
to sell the pavilion embracing the
block bounded by Larkln, Hayes, Polk
and; Grove streets, to the city for the
Caniegie library. Mayor Phelan appeared
on y behalf of the municipality and urged
that $€00,COO be fixed as the price.
A report from three real estate experts
was read in which this figure was named.
This was without consideration or the
value of the buildings on the site, w^hich
it was understood the Mechanics' Institute
would have the right to remove or dis
pose of, as was best seen fit. A vote was
taken and the proposition rejected by
twenty-seven to forty-nine votes.
¦ After a long discussion a valuation of
$750,000 was placed upon the property, and
by a vote of sixty-four to five it was de
cided to sell the property to the city at
that figure if -possible. The matter now
will come up for consideration before. the
Free Library Trustees . and may be sub
mitted to the electors before the end of
the jear.
Asks Three-Quarters of a Million
Dollars for the Pavilion
Site.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
SETS PRICE ON BIG LOT
"Did he stop at the newel post?"
"No. He may have paused there for a
moment, but I didn't notice at the time."
"Did you see the revolver exhibited here
yesterday?"
"No."
The witness was shown the revolver,
which she did not touch but examined it
as it lay in the District Attorney's hand.
She said: "That is either the- revolver
with which the shooting was done or one
very much like it."
"You are sure your father said, 'Don't
come up stairs; I'm dangerous'?"
"Yes, I'm positive he did."
After this question Attorney Church
took the witness in hand and asked a se
ries of questions in cross-examination
designed to show that Dr. Jessup had
been warned by the defendant and that
he was in an excited state.
a'Pdwerful Man.
"Do 'you know how much Dr. Jessup
weighed?" was asked of the witness.
living here view with intense satisfaction
Kruttschnitt's elevation. Much surprise
is expressed at Herbert's resignation. He
left here last Saturday, having spent a
day with Superintendent Muir at Catalina
Island. . Herbert intimated In private con
versation that Hays* retirement would not
affect his ov/n position. •
During the Hays administration rumors
were frequent that Muir would be de
posad, although as a, matter of fact Hays
had 'every confidence in the Los Angeles
superintendent, but realized that the
duties of his division were quite enough
to keep him busy without the burden of
doing politics. Hays had determined that
practical politics and political favor3
could be more properly dispensed through
the legislative than through the operating
department.
I took him to the porch, where he slid*
down into a reclining position."
"Do .you know what became of the re
volver?"
"Yes, Dr. Jessup brought it downstairs
with him."
"Where was Dr. Jessup when he took
off his coat?"
Adams Said, "I'm Dangerous."
"He was standing In tho triangle at the
head of the stairs."
"How did you go up stairs?"
"Directly behind the doctor."
"How did tho deceased hold his hands
when he said to your father, 'Now shoot
if you dare'?" •
The witness indicated the position by
standing up and resting her hands upon
her waist. -
"Dr. Jessup walked from the newel post
into the bedroom, did he?"
"No, he took lonp strides— took steps
two or three times greater than In' his or
dinary walk."
were attacked by a gang of pickets on
Pacific street and slashed with knives.
They were sent to the Receiving Hospital.
VARIOUS STRIKE NOTES.
Cases of Men Who Took Part in Sun
. day's Riot Continued.
James Kelleher and Fred Crclghton,
strikers, were arrested yesterday on war
rants charging them with battery. The
complaining witness is Mrs. Lena Gustaf
son, who keeps a grocery and lodging
house at 316 Beale street. She alleges that
the two defendants entered her place in
search of non-union men employed in the
Dundon Iron Works and knocked her
down and nearly broke her lingers in
wrenching an empty revolver from her.
The cases of V/Miam Dugan, William
Tate, John Scobie, Pdter Johnson and
Ward Miller, charged with taking part in
the riot at Kearny and Market streets
early Sunday morning, were called in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday. Attorney
Archie Campbejl represented all the de
fendants, with the exception of Johnson.
By consent the cases were, continued till
Saturday, when the defendants will be
asked to plead and will probably demand
a trial by jury.
Antone Vulner, a Sailors' Union picket,
who was arrested on the water front
about / ten days ago on the charge of
carrying a concealed weapon, was con
victed by Judge Cabaniss yesterday and
sentenced to pay a fine of $30, with the
alternative of serving ten day3 in the
County Jail. When arrested he had a
heavy lead sinker with a rope attached
in his pocket.
John Desmond, the striking teamster
who was arrested Tuesday, on a warrant
charging him with assault to murder for
attacking Tony Alborell, a non-union
teamster., for Hooper & Jennings, and
breaking his arm, appeared before Judge
Cabanlss yesterday. Alborell could not
identify Desmond as one of the men who
attacked him.and the case was dismissed.
WILL NOT RECOGNIZE UNION.
Pacific Coast Steamship Company
Will Make no Distinction.
Concerning the strike settlement Cap
tain Edwin Goodall, representing the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company, said last
night: "We will stand by the statement
we made some time ago, that as vacancies
occurred in our. service we would give
employment to men, irrespective of
whether they be union or non-union men.
But we will never recognize a , union
again. The union broke its agreement
with us once, and after this it will be our
policy to show preference to neither union
nor non-union men. ' We have filled nearly
all the places that were vacated by the
strikers ahd we will fill the rest as men
apply" for positions." "
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION
HOLDS A SHORT SESSION
The Democratic municipal nominating
convention met last night at Odd Fellows'
Hall and adjourned without transacting
any business. The convention was In ses
sion less than twenty minutes.
Chairman McGee as soon as he could se
cure the seating of delegates entertained
a motion to dispense with the roll call. He
then called upon L. H. Mooser. chairman
of the. committee on order of business, for
a report. The report was not ready.
The convention on platform and resolu
tions of which Louis de F. Bartlett is
chairman, wa3 not ready .to report.
A motion to adjourn was carried, al
though the noes seemed to be in the rna
loritv The convention will assemble
again" to-morrow night at B'pal B'ritb.
Hall. - •;¦;-.-:'¦ ¦ - .
MISS AGNES ADAMS, DAUGHTER OF THE MANSLAYER ON TRIAL,
FOR HIS LIFE, EXPLAINS BY DIAGRAM HOW DR. JESSUP
REACHED THE BEDROOM WHERE HER FATHER LAY.
DRAYMEN TAKE ACTION.
Association Indorses Settlement With
the Teamsters.
The settlement -of the teamsters' strike
was the main faiibject of discussion at the
meeting of the Draymen's Association in
the Alcazar building last night. The news
at this event spread rapidly, and when
the meeting w»s called to order by Chair
man Tilden at 8:S0 o'clock the hall was
( rowfled almost to suffocation.
Manager Renr.er reported the result of
the conference with Governor Gage dur
ing the afternoon, at which the terms of
settlement of the strike were arrived at.
It was agreed by both sides that the
teamsters could go back to their trucks
on the conditions outlined by the associa
tion on August 30, which were at that
lime refufcea by the teamsters, or rather
iheir leaders.
"It was understood." said Renner. "that
ne would not discriminate against union
rnen in the matter of giving them em
ployment. Neither were we to discrim
inate against -ion-union men. It was fur
ther agreed that there would be no modi
fication of wages for one year. TMe
schedule in force at the time the strike
v/as Inaugurated was accepted by the
teamsters."
The report W3s received with applause
by the dravmen. The announcement was
then made by Chairman Tilden that every
drayman was empowered to do as he
pleased in the matter of taking back his
old teamsters. L'nder the terms of settle
ment it was understood that the draymen
bhculd treat with their men on independ
ent lines, the same, as if there were no
teamsters' union in existence. The dray
men were urged to accept the result with
out exhibiting signs of satisfaction over
what they might deem to be a victory.
The terms of settlement were approved
by the association, and the action of the
executive committee in arriving at a set
tlement of the strike was indorsed with
cheers. The meeting then adjourned.
Manager Renner said after the meeting
that the draymen were more than satis
fied with the terms of the settlement. He
admitted that the terms were substantially
the same at- were offered to and rejected
by the strike Jeaders a month ago. These
w<vre that theiv should be no reduction in
wages for one year; that there should be
no discrimination against the men, be
they non-union or otherwise; that the
draymen treat directly with their em
ployes and not with the union; that the
men agree to work with such non-union
drivers as may be retained by the dray
men without offering to mokst them in
any particular, and that the wage sched
ule shall be the same as was In force
prior to the inauguration of the strike.
Chairman Tilden made a similar state
ment. He added that the terms were per
fectly satisfactory to both sides and that
they would be strictly carried out. He ex
pressed gratification at the result of the
peace negotiations, which would prove of
vsiue not only to the teamsters and dray
men, but to the general public as well.
MACHINISTS ABE JOYFUL.
Ne-ws of Settlement of Teamsters'
Strike Received With Applause.
The tffc-ct of the settlement of the
i^amsters* strike was plainly manifest at
in<s meeting of the Machinists' Union last
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.-lIies Agnes S. |
Adams, eyewitness of the trag
edy that resulted in the death of
Dr. John G. Jessup at the hand/3
of her father, Charles G. Adams,
the unfrocked Episcopal clergyman, told
the story of the affair to the jury sitting
In the trial in Judge Melvin's court to
day. Again the tale of that tragic night
last June, when Dr. Jessup was shot
down, was related in all its -details— Dr. '
Jessup's meeting with Miss Adams, his <
wild rush up the stairs of the Adams ;
home, Miss Adams' effort to dissuade him :
from his rash attempt, his standing in ;
front of the door and saying to Adams, j
"Now shoot me if you dare"; the shot
ringing out from Adams' pistol, the vic
tim's attack on the murderer, the inno
cent cause of it all. helping the wounded
man, dawn- the stairs and upon the ver~ c
anda to the fresh air— all this was told by
the daughter of the man who is on trial
for his life.
Miss Adams spent almost the entire day
in the witness chair. She will spend an
other- day there to-morrow. She stood
the ordeal well. The cynosure of many
eyes, she did not quaver before them and
delivered her answers without a falter.
When she testified at the Coroner's in
quest and the preliminary examination
she was so troubled with a throat affec
tion that her voice was hardly audiW 1 ?
and the court attaches and reporters had
to gather close around her in order to
catch the words, but tc-day she spoke in
a voice so firm and distinct that she could
be - h»ard from" almost any part of tho
courtroom. Mies Adams' face is not as
pallid ea !t was at her two previous ap
pearances before the public and her de
meanor was brighter. She even smiled at
the questions and the answers she was
compelled to give.
Miss Adams' Testimony Strengthened
The testimony given by Miss Adams in
relating the story of the tragedy at her
home in Berkeley was stronger in a de
gree than that given by her at the pre
liminary examination. She put emphasis
on the part of the story which had refer
ence to Dr. Jessup's manner at the time
he entered the house and the efforts she
made to keep him from going up the
stairs. For instance, at the preliminary
SLAIN TROOPS'
BODIES FOUND
I examination she said the deceased was
I not excited: to-day she said he was con
siderably so. When presented with the
transcript of the testimony she had to
admit the changes. The prosecution made
Miss Adams its witness this morning and
immediately after the prosecution fin
ished the defense called her as its wit
ness.
"Where do you live?" was the first ques
tion asked of Miss Adams by District At
torney Allen.
| "In San Francisco," was the reply.
• Miss Adams has been living In San
| Francisco since the shooting.
i "What time did you meet Dr. Jessup
on the day this shooting affair took place-
June 17, 1001?" asked the District Attor
ney.
"About 7:30 in the evening."
"Did you enter the house together?"
"Yes."
"Did anything occur after you went In?"
"Yes." : •
"Well, will you please state to thecourt
and jury just what occurred on that oc
casion?"
"Now Shoot, if You Dare."
"I stepped inside the door and Dr. Jes
sup followed me. Father asked, 'Who is
that?' and Dr. Jessup said 'It Is I. I want
you to stop abusing this girl!' Father
shouted down, 'Don't ¦ come up or I'll
shoot; I'm dangerous.' Dr. Jessup said,
'I'll come up, if I have business to come
up,' and started up the stairs. I told
him not to go upstairs, but he said, 'He'll
never shoot,' and continued up the stairs.
After golngitwo or three steps he stopped
and disengaged my hands from his coat,
to which I was holding on. When he
reached almost to the top of the stairs he
stopped again, and taking off his coat
hung it on the newel post.
"Dr. Jessup was very pale and excited.
; He stood in front of the door with his
I arms stretched out and said, 'Now shoot
if you dare.' Father was lying on the bed
in the west bedroom. He raised his head
and the revolver at the same time and
fired one shot. Dr. Jessup staggered back
against the balustrade and then rushed
Into the room again and attacked father
He beat father over the-head with the re
volver, which ho took away from him
"I asked Dr. Jessup if he was hurt and
he tald he was. He wanted me to stay
away from him as he was covered with
blood, but I took him by the arm and
helped him downstairs. He said he want
j cd to be taken out In the fresh air and
I with reference to a settlement of the
strike." I
Inquiry ' among the machinists devel
oped a strong sentiment in favor of a bct
tlement of their dispute in some honor
able way. The men do not disguise the
fact that they are in financial distress
and that they would gladly welcome an
adjustment of their strike. The recent
defection of a number of their men ha*
had the effect of spreading the feeling of
discontent which prevails in the ranks,
and the news of >he settlement of the
teamsters' strikeMvill, in the opinion of
many, have the effect of precipitating a
crisis in the affairs of the machinists.
STUDENTS OF STANFORD
VOTE ON AMENDMENTS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 2. -
The five amendments to the constitution
of the Associated Students, which were
submitted by the executive committee of
the student body, were voted on by the
students at a meeting this afternoon. The
first for.r passed, but the fifth, providins
that the executive committee have the
power to remove officials of the Associ
ated Students, failed.
The first amendment provides that tha
president of the university shall have the
power to remove any student officer who
commits a breach of university discip
line or who fails to meet scholarship or
other requirements. The second requires
the treasurer of the Associated Students
to rile his bond of $5000. or more, not later
than throe weeks after his election. The
third and fourth amendments provide that
officers shall assume their duties at the
end of the semester In which they are
elected and that members of the execu
tive committee must be given notice of a
meeting before it is held.
The principal aim of the amendments is
to prevent any further difficulty between
the faculty and student officials, such as
has lately occurred in the case of Treas
urer Nourse. The passing of the first
amendment was made by the faculty a
condition precedent to their ratifying tn<j
election of Harry Edwards as success jr
to Nourse. As it was necessary to have a
treasurer immediately the executive com
mittee agreed to the requirement.
Eastern Baseball Games.
NATIONAL.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 2.— Pittsburg played its
last game of the season on the home grounds
and celebrated it by defeating Boston In a
fast game. Attendance, 3500. Score:
K. H. E.
Pittsburg I I
Boston * 8
N Batteries— Leever and Yeager; Nichols ani
Kittredge. Umpire— Emslle.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 2.— Philadelphia took two
featureless games to-day. Cincinnati by los
ing to-day is assured of finishing last. At
tendance, 600. Scores:
First game— K- . H. E.
Cincinnati - ; * f.
Philadelphia 3 8 0
Batteries— Hahn and Bergen; Donahue and
McFarland. Umpires— Xash and Brown.
Second game — R - **• E -
Cinclnnati ? * *
Philadelphia a b -
Batteries— Phillips and Hurley; Orth and
Jacklltsch. Umpires— Nash and Brown.
Her Testimony Stronger in Favor
of Father Than at the
Coroner's Inquest
"No. He was a large, powerful man,"
was the reply.
"Did your father say anything to Dr.
Jessup while he was being beaten with
the revolver?"
"He said, 'Keep on.' "
At this juncture Juror Thomas White of
Alarneda asked the court's permission to
ask a question, which was- given him.
"What business had Dr. Jessup there
at your house that night?"
"I sent for him."
"Were you afraid of your father?"
"No; I disliked going into the house
alone."
"Why did you go?"
"To get father something to eat.'
Miss Adams' testimony for the prosecu
tion was finished shortly after the court
convened after the noon recess. The.de
fense began immediately to put In Its
case. Attorney Church made the opening
statement for his side. He said in part:
In behalf of the defendant testimony v.-lll b«
offered confirming the inferences you have al
ready no doubt adduced from the examination
upon your qualifications as Jurors. We propose
to show that the deceased went to the house
of the defendant to offer him violence. We will
1 offer testimony of witnesses for the purpose of
showing- that the deceased uttered threats
against the life and person of thi3 defendant,
before this shooting took place; that he said
he would break his head. We will show that
j the accused was justified in shooting down the
I deceased.
Suffered From Delirium Tremens.
We will show that at the time of thi3 shoot
ing the condition of the defendant waa such
that he was not responsible for hi3 acts under
the law. We will show that he became ad
dicted to drink; that he was a minister o* the
Episcopal church; that he was a man of edu :
cation; that two years ago he had an attack
of the deHrum tremens and that he has been
detained in an asylum because of his habits;
that on the Saturday previous tp the shooting
of Dr. Jessup he suffered an attack of delirum
tremens and that he was drunk at the timn
he committed this crime. ;' : *V
Miss Adams was the first witness called by
the defense. In answer to the first question
she said she was 22 years of age.
"When did your father begin using alcoholic
liquors?" was asked.
"In 1S88. when he was rector of an Episcopal
church in Southport. Conn.," was the reply.
"Of what schools or colleges Is your father
a graduate?"
"Baxter Hall, an Episcopal seminary; Cam
bria College in Ohio, and Columbia College,
New York."
"How long did you stay In Southport?"
"Until -the fall of 1890, when we went to
Mount Vernon. N. Y.. my father having re
signed the Southport parish. We stayed there
a year and then went to New York, where
father had chajge of St. Mark's Memorial
Chapel for awhile. Afterward he had charge
of the Church of the Intercession and at the
same town he conducted a towel business."
Tries to Jump From Window.
"Did your father continue to drink alcoholic
liquors to excess in those places?"
"Yes as the years went by he drank much
harder." He was almost continuously Intoxi
cated in New York."
"Was he ever drunk In the pulpit?
"Yes he was often intoxicated at St. Mark's.
He would become very excited while preach
ing and make repetitions and forget the
words." , , : '
"State when he was once very sick. If you
"In 1S94 he had delirum tremens while we
were living in New York. He wanted to jump
out of the window and we had to restrain
"Where did you eo from New Tork?"
"To Fremont. O.. where he was rector of an
Episcopal church."
"What were his habits there in regard to
"He drink harder than ever and was almost
always drunk." .
"From Fremcnt. where did you go?
"We went to Cincinnati. ju?t father and I.
Mother died In 18?6 in Fremont."
I This question ended the session for the
afternoon. Judge Melvin announcing that
as Miss Adams had been on the stand all
day she was in need of a rest. The case
was therefore continued until to-morrow
morning.
FROM EL PASO
TO THE COAST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Oct. 2.— The case cf Cap
tain William Bruce, formerly of Company
B. National Guard of California, court
martialed on a charge of a misappropria
tion of company funds, was concluded
this afternoon and the court announced
that judgment would be rendered en the
12th inst.
Colonel Hay gave the most damaging
testimony against the accused. He said
that in October last he was appointed \.o
inspect the - local companies.. He ga\"e
Captain Bruce notice of his coming, but
the captain failed to appear on the day
¦et. He did appear, however, in the even
ing- at the inspection of the company.
Colonel Hay then made an appointment
¦with Captain Bruce for a day in Novem
ber, and again Captain Bruce was absent.
On January io Colonel Hay came to
Stockton and discovered that Captain
Bruce was short nearly $1400 of the
cmoum of money he should have had on
hand. Captain Bruce stated that he had
rhe money at his -houfce, but did not like
to bring it through the streets .at so late
an hour at night. Accordingly Colontl
Hay made an appointment with the cap
tain for io o'clock the next day. Captain
Bruce cr.me and said the money was
locked up in his father-in-law's safe and
he would have to await his relative's rt
turn at noon vrith the key. An acoolnt
ment was made for 'J. o'clock in the after
noon, but Captain Bruce did not keep it.
Captain Bruce took the stand and ad
mitted that his reports of the balances
of moneys on hand had been false. He
said he had spent all of the money re
ceived In the interests of the National
Guard. He said much of the money was
spent In providing refreshments and
amusements to keep the bo'-s of the com
pany interested and obtain their attend
ance ftt drills.
At this stage the judge advocate offered
to admit it as a fact that the accused had
spent all the money received for the good
cf the company. The court went into ex
ecutive session and refused to receive the
admission.
GENERAL STRIKE ENDS.
Continued From Page Two.
HONOLULU, Sept. 27, via Victoria, B.
C, Oct. 2.— The First Circuit and the Su
perior Court of the Territory had anoth
er clash last Friday. As a result the
bailiff of the Supreme Court and the bail
iff of the Grand Jury of the Circuit Court
had a physical encounter outside the
room occupied by the Grand Jury, the two
officers meeting in efforts to carry out the
orders given them.
The cause of the trouble this time was
the occupancy of the chambers of Chief
Justice Frear, who is absent, by the
Grand Jury. The room formerly occupied
by the jury was too small, and Deputy
Attorney General Davis asked Judge Gear
for a better room, proposing to use
Krear's room. Gear stated that he had
no authority to order the jury to occupy
Frear's room, but that the jurors could
do bo if they wished. Davis at once se
cured the keys and the jury began to use
the room.
On Friday morning Associate Justlca
Perry, the only member of the Supreme
Court who is in the city now, ordered
Bailiff McGurn to take possession of the
room and exclude the Grand Jury. He
took the position that it was an out
rageous invasion of Frear's private office
for the Grand Jury to enter the room.
When McGurn started to unlock the door
of the room he was resisted by Bailiff
Noy of the Grand Jury. He overpowered
Noy, and then Judge Gear himself of the
First Circuit Court, wha had been at
tracted by the noise, stood guard at the
door of the Giand Jury's quarters and
defied the Supreme Court bailiff to oust
him. The bailiif was just about to do so
when Justice Perry stopped him. '
The Department of Public Works
authorized the use of the room, and it 19
still being used. An order signed by
Judge Gear is on the dor ordering all
persons except those entitled to enter the
room to keep out, as the Grand Jury's
private papers are in the room.
Bailiffs Fight and One of
' the Judges Stands
Guard.
Honolulu Grand Jury
the Cause of a Lively
Row.
Court- Martial of the
Militia Officer Is
Concluded.
Colonel Hay Gives Damaging
Testimony Against the
Accused Man.
CAPTAIN BRUCE'S
FATE IN DOUBT
COURTS CLASH
OVER QUARTERS
DAUGHTER OF CHARLES G. ADAMS, THE SLAYER OF DR jESSUP,
RELATES TO A JURY THE GREWSOME TALE OF THE MURDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1901.
11
1 ! 1 ? 13 /
What a. luxury Pears'
soap is! > *
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All sorts of pecp!e use it, all sorts of store*
»eli it, especially druggists.
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
SJ2O BROADWAY, N. X.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEIR SCIENTIFIC EVOLUTION.
lalt Breakfast Food
The Highest, Type..
The evolution of breakfast cereal*
makes a most interesting study. The
origin was" undoubtedly in "bonnle Scot-
land." where so many things that ha"s
added to the brain and brawn of the world
have had their birth. Scotch "parritch."
as their oatmeal porridge was called, wa3
the daily breakfast of most Scotch fami-
lies of whatever rank.
The most important part of this evolu-
tion, however, was reserved for the time
when a practical manufacturer realized -
the Importance of the suggestions of ex-
perts concerning the use of maljt In con-
nection with cereals. After many years
of experiment a practical method of
manufacture was devised and the result
was given to the world as Malt Breakfast
Food. This food, with its peculiarly de-
licious flavor.' its great nutritive proper-
. ties. Its adaptability for the digestion of
either weak or strong people, has become
the favorite breakfast food with old and
i young, the athlete and the invalid.THE " SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1901
12
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPA7?Es"_r_nd "chinesT'heip' oT^aiPklnTs ;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI " & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135. '
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. .
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
2 SISTERS' desire positions in the same family
or separate, one as nursegirl and sewing and-
the other as upstairs girl and waitress. Call
or address 416 Broadway, between 10 a. m.
and 5 p. m., Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
general housework and plain cooking In small
family. Please call at 313 Fifth st, near
Folsom. ¦ . _
YOUNG lady graduate of Heald's Business Col-
lege wishes position as bookkeeper and type-
writer (no shorthand); wages no object. Ad-
dress G. HARRISON. 10^ Patton st.
NEAT young . woman wishes a position as
chambermaid; sleep home. Address 3903 Fol-
Bom st • ¦ _ , .
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants a position; house-
work: wages $18 to $20. 1141 Allston way,
corner Bruce St.. AVest Berkeley. ,'
AMERICAN woman wants washing. Ironing,
housecleanlng; good satisfaction given. Box
708. Call office. '
COMPETENT woman wishes to do housework.
Apply at 112 Tehama St., off Second. iV
FIRST-CLASS house cleaner wishes work
Thursday and Friday. Call at 1845 Hyde st.
YOUNG woman to take care of Invalid; will do
light housework. ' Box 510, Call office.
GOOD r laundress wjshes work by the day. 605
Minna st. ¦' ....
LADIES' -maid - or nursery : governess— Re-
fined German girl, wishes a situation as nur-
sery governess .or ladles' maid'; good seam-
stress; also understands halrdressing and
manicuring; good references. Call or add.
12 Fella pi., off Powell, bet. Bush- and Pine.
A BOOKKEEPER, young lady, neat, with ex-
ceptional clerical ability, desires immediate
•position; experienced stenographer, type-
writer, bookkeeper; salary moderate; refer-
ences. Box 703, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, stylish and perfect fitter, de-
sires engagements in families or at home;
ladies' tailoring a specialty. 711 Post st, near
Jones. " -
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants position doing
housework;' no heavy washing; city -or coun-
try; wages $20 and $25. 316^ Rich Et. ¦
LADY wishes to take charge of 'house or take
care of an' invalid: good references: at home
Wed, and Thur., 10 to 2 o'clock. 729 Pine st.
AVpMAN wants: , situation, housekeeper. 30
Hannah St., Oakland: Twenty-ei_hth and
Peralta sts.,. Watts Tract.
YOUNG French girl wishes position as, nurse
for a child. Apply 426 Turk st, near Larkin.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes mending
and sewing. 319-321 Ellis St., room 56.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation as
laundress with private family;, best of refer-
ences. T. F.,"1115 Treat ave.
SITUATION wanted by elderly lady as house-
keeper; good cook; wages $30. Address MISS
J. PETERS EN, 1022'/6 Geary St.
WISH place as cook In boarding-house or in-
stitution in the city. Address CHEE & LING,
20 Prospect place. ¦ ' '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 E0 per night: $1 50 to
J6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
EaiPLOYM-.V-' WAI^TKD---MALE t
FIRST-CLASS topographical draughtsman de-
sires long or short engagements. Address
Box 732. Call office. . . -
EXPERIENCED, trustworthy American, good
references, wants country or private place to
care for during owner's absence; accustomed
to orchard, poultry, horses, plain gardening,
etc. ; moderate wages. Box 508, Call office.
YOUNG man, 23, wishes employment; Tionest
and reliable; can furnish excellent references;
understands German; office work preferre_;
good penman. Box 710, Call office. ¦.
A RELIABLE Scandinavian wishes work, city
or country; handy with tools; good porter;
handy, at anything. L. OLSEN, 631 Sacra-
mento st. '
YOUNG man wishes position as clerk in whole-
sale business; is acquainted with shipping of
goods; best of references can be given. Box
503, Call office. . . _ .
POSITION wanted by first-class planer,
matcher, rip saw and endless belt man; good
engineer, stickerman and handy around ma-
chinery. C. McG.; -713 Mission st.
WANTED — A position by a respectable single
middle-aged man (German) In bakery, coffee
saloon or liquor saloon; good references. K.
G., 9S9 Howard st, room 78.
AS invalid attendant or valet by a male trained
nurse, graduate of Bellevue Hospital, N. Y. ;
highest references. A. E. H., 530 Harrison.
PACKER' and shipper; glass, china and gen-
eral merchandise; middle-aged; want steady
job; references. Box 514, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE, 20 Prospect
place.
CLERKSHIP In country general store or city
grocery; can make and hold trade; gilt-edge
reference. Box 507, Cal^ office. .
ALL-ROUND newspaper man, 20 years' ex-
perience, would like a position; city or coun-
try; low salary to start. Box 506, Call office.
ENGLISHMAN, well educated, speaks and
writes French, German fluently, bookeeper,
etc.. seeks employment, clerical or otherwise;
willing to work about place or act as compan-
ion to invalid; city or country. Box 627, Call.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. H. H., box 2707, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as man about place; un-
derstands care of horses, garden, cows. Please
call or address S. LAUX, 26 Turk st, Park
Hotel. ¦
A YOUNG man with years of experience In
mining, milling, assaying, cyanlding, tool-
sharpening, etc., solicits a position. Box 721,
Call office.
TWO or more first-class painters wish work;
have falls and other tools necessary for paint-
ing: work by the day or contract, city or
country. Address Painters, 9S8 Howard st.
ELDERLY man wishes situation as handy mar.
about place in city or country; small wages;
good gardener and handy with horses. Box
743, Call office. _. ¦ .
AN expert accountant wishes to devote several
days a month to concerns not employing reg-
ular bookkeeper; terms reasonable; refer-
ences. Box 822, Call office.
_
SITUATION wante'd by middle-aged man,
steady and sober, as man about the place
or' porter; can milk and drive. Box 716, Call.
PHOTOGRAPHER, young man, wishes posi-
tion In photo studio; have experience, Box
818, Call office. - - - :¦ -.
JAPANESE boy wants situation .'as' schoolboy
in family. H., .414 Stevenson st. __^
CHINESE boy, first-class cook, good refer-
' ences, wants position In high family; city or
country. Address box 509. Call office.
A BRANCH office for -Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. : ' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
_____________ -
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
¦ taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial- propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MININU
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. .(inc.)— We
¦ have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
Fi_^^r^c^ua_^r^tcT^x~Mr^p_ci : r^con
667 Market. . . . .
954 Eddy; u. f. 9 r...$63 346 Waller; m. f. 5 r.$20
1432 Taylor; m. f . 7 r 45 3978 ISth; 1. f. 5 r.... 14
2414 Van Ness; m.f.8r 42 519 Stevenson; h. 4 r. 15
1405 Pacific; u. f. 7 r. 27 1421 Howard ;m. f . 3 r 8
-VERY desirable upper French flat, 10 large
.- rooms; bay windows In every room; beautiful
, view; elegant grounds; keeping no expense to
tenant. . Northwest corner Portola st. and Du-
" bose : Park, off Waller, bet. Pierce and Steiner.
COLE, 773-775, bet. Beulah and Frederick Fts.—
' Fine new sunny 'flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. . ' .
TWENTY— THIRD, 3725— 5 rooms;. rent $15.
NEW sunny lower 7 rooms; modern, up-to-date.
See 1 to 5 dally; Van Ness and Union.'
GROVE, 1615, .near. Ly on — Sunny upper 1 flat, 6
. rooms, bath, yard, cellar; Golden Gate Park.
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens; corner . bay v win-
dow; middle: modern. Key 417% Third st. .
SUNNY upper flat; 6 ' rooms and "bath: new
plumbing; first-class condition. 2108 Baker st.
FLATS TO LET— -FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat, 1319B Pine st ; 8 rooms and
bath; piano and telephone; rent $55.' A. J.
RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st. .
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
— Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURMTUKB.FOIl SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price..
$2 — Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's . Credit House. 1423 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished "In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market),
FURNITURE of seven-room flat, nearly new;
parties leaving State. 1423 California st.' '
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
. A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis. '
3000 YARDS carpet: leather library set, 6 pieces.
cost $125. P. GREEN WALT. 708 Valencia st.
g FURNITURE; W ANTED.
CAL. Auction. Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071. ¦ •; • ¦
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st.; telephone Larkin
2782;. highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp. 928 Howard st;
tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought. •
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
, GLOVES. - '¦
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HI-LI* WAATKB FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO......Phope Main 1575
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT ...........
¦ Waitress. . Stockton, $20;. waitress, first-class
hotel, city, $25; 6 waitresses, first-class city
"hotels, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait,' $20.'
...; FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, Martinez; 2 houseglrls, $25 to £50;
cook, $30; many other choice places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.-, 335 Geary St.
WANTED-Cook, 4 in family, $30; second girl,
same\house, $20; cook for students, $35; hotel
cook, country, 130; French governess, $25;
chambermaid and seamstress, $25; 4 parlor-
maids, $25; 8 second girls, $20, $25; hotel wait-
resses. $20; .restaurant waitresses, $7, $S;
cdok for. students; all kinds of general house-
work, city and country. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT, 316 Sutter st. ._ - -
200 MACHINE operators and 100 hand sewers
at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory,
32!4 Fremont St.; good wages; no experience
necessary; . steady work. Apply to MR.
DAVIS. ¦ \ .
WANTED— Young girls for wrapping desk and
also to be taught stock keeping; apply be-
tween 10 and 11 a. m. I. MAGNIN & CO.,
43-53 Ellis Et.
WANTED— Strong woman, living In Mission,
2 or 3 hours a day to care for rooming-house.
Call evening at" candy store, 993 Valencia st.
WANTED — Strong, reliable nurse, German pre-
ferred, for 2V£-year-old child; must under-
¦ stand serving; references required.. Apply
between 9 and 1 at 2710 Broadway.
GIRL for general housework; 3 adults In fam-
ily; wages $20; reference required; also Ger-,
man or French nurse girl; may sleep at
home; wages $10. 1904 Broadway. .
FIRST-CLASS experienced wrapper for wo-
man's and children's wear. MARKS BROS..
1212 Market st. ' ». ¦
WANTED— Crockery saleslady, of experience;
give reference; permanent position. Box 3S9,
Call office. . .
GERMAN or Swedish girl; general housework:
2 In family; good wages. Call between 9 and
12 a. m. at 2399 Jones St., corner Chestnut.
GIRLS 14 to 18 years old; light, pleasant work.
Knitting mill of GANTNER & MATTERN,
1017 Hyde st. -
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
FIRST-CLASS. cook who Is willing to do small
wash; city references required; call between
9 and 12 a. m. 2604 Pacific &\e. :
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work in
Baktrsfleld; wages $30. Call forenoon 910 El-
lis . st. ; references required. .
WANTED— A neat girl who understands Ger-
man cooking and washing; references. In-
quire 2716 Pacific ave.
WANTED— In Oakland, girl for light house-
work; wages $15. Apply 1159 Alice st, even-
lngs or forenoon. ¦ ... .. .. ... ;.¦.-,
"WANTED — Middle-aged woman on fruit ranch;
wages $15; references exchanged. Call bet. 1
and 2 p.m., at 220 Sutter St., room 23, to-day.
WANTED — Hairdressers and apprentices at
HALE BROS'., 9S7 Market st.
WANTED— Paper box makers. THE STUPA-
RICH MFG. CO., 141-147 Fremont st
WANTED— A nurse for Infant 2 years old. 2544
Mission st. . .
YOUNG girl; chambermaid and some dining-
room work. 2336 Mission st., corner 20th.
GIRL wanted for housework: must sleep home.
2S6 Lexington ave., corner Twentieth st.
YOUNG girl for hair store; must have some
experience. MISS WEIBLEN, 1508 Polk st.
GIRL to assist with housework; must sleep at
home. 1019 Geary st.
RESPECTABLE young woman to do house-
work, assist cooking; good home. 635 Guerrero.
GIRL for light housework; good home. 1217
.York St., between 24th and 25th.
GIRL for cooking and housework in small fam-
ily; morning. 1706 Broadway.
WANTED — First-class finisher and liner. E.
E. WALLEY, furrier, 115 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats;
paid while learning. 411>/_ Kearny st.
WANTKD — Young girl to assist in general
j housework. 1S56 Ellis st.
WANTED— Good finisher on pants. 104 Kear-
ny st., ton floor. '
BUTTONHOLE .makers and finishers on cus-
tom coats: steady work. 40 Ellis st., room 52.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and
cooking In small family. 1212 Masonic ave.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
references. 1122 Ellis st. ,
WANTED— Girl to do some typewriting. Ad-
dress box 513, Call office. .
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; good pay.
631 Clay st.
YOUNG girl. 16 years, for light housework;
family two; $10. 1126 Turk st.
GIRL or woman to do light housework; sleep
home. Apply 131 A O'Farrell st.
WOMAN wanted to do cooking and housework.
Call 2132 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. .„ .>
WANTED— Three first-class talloresses on cus-
tom made coats; good wages; steady work. A.
F. COHN & CO., 956-938 "Washington St.,
Oakland, Cal. ' . ;
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. ¦ LOWENBERG &
; CO.. 27 JESSIE ST., 5th floor. -
WANTED— Experienced operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work; electric
; . power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mkt
AT 233 Third ave., Sutter or Geary st. cars —
American nursegirl, 18 to 30 years; wages,
$15; references. Apply to-day before 3 o'clock.
SWEDISH or German girl for . general house-
work: small family; cottage. 1344 Fell st. ;
apply 12 to 2. - .
1 VACANCY to be filled at once by a woman Of
ability; rare opportunity for right party. Ad-
! dress box 717, Call office. \ ;
; HAIRDRESSING. dyeing, bleaching, massage,"
1 manicuring taught in 2 weeks for- $5; employ-
' ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
¦ TWO first-class skirt finishers. DANZIGER,
i 237 Powell st. * • ..- -
; AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
1 at 6 o'clock this evening.
! GIRL to assist with housework; one that can
sleep at homo.' 40£> Sixth st.
COMPETENT girl for housework: small fam-
ily; $15"to $20; Alameda. Box 722. Call office.
! GIRLS to put up perfumes; $3 .per week; refer-
! ences. Box 723. Call office.
{ A GIRL for general housework; . 3. in family.
\ Call 22 Second st.
I WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and
» children. 1266 Ellis. Bt.
GIRLS ' for hand work on corsets. ¦ 231 Powell
¦ street. ' -¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
; FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. BARON, La-
dies' Tailor, 22-24 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands -on skirts and
coats. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
. OPERATORS wanted on flannel underwear.
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st ; -
S WANTED— Chambermaid at tne Manhattan
House,' S25 Battery st. . - ¦ • ¦ . :
- WANTED— Helpers for dressmaking on waists
andsklrts. Apply at 234 Post st, room 10.
r WANTED— Two first-class millinery makers.
ABRAHAMSON' BROS.. Oakland.
.... _ - - ¦ . . ¦ . - -. ¦ ¦ .-. '
- BUSINESS CHANCES Contln.__«I.
$500 INVESTED immediately will furnish pleas-
ant permanent and paying employment and
pay over 200 per cent yearly profit besides;
absolutely safe. Box 728. Call office.
| WANTED— Business man with $1500 to Invest
In a mfc. company and act as treasurer and
to look after the office end of the business.
Box 504. Call office. •
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; outfit good. Ap-
ply at 9 Drurom st. .
WANTED— For an old established corner gro-
cery and liquor store, south of Market, a
proper tenant. Apply at Washington Brew-
ery, cor. Lombard and Taylor sts.. forenoon.
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
$300 AND $350— Fine opportunity to Invest in
established blackslmth business: price In each
case covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
dress bo_ 283. Call office.
WANTED — To purchase in. Oakland, good bus-
iness not to exceed $2000; state particulars.
i Eox 2326. Call office. Oakland.
SALOON for sale— On account of sickness, of
owner; good trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO.. San Rafael. Cal.
BAKEBS— To let. large Btore, with oven; good
location; well adapted for bakery and coffee
saloon. 521 Ellis st. ;
A — $75; FRUIT, cigar and lunch store: good
trade. Pacific Business Exchange, 765 Market.
PAYING restaurant cheap; will sell half, to
right man. 410 Kearny st.
«275 — DELICACY store; 3 rooms, yard; receipts
$9 "daily. Pacific Exchange, 765 Market st.
$.50— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, laun-
dry; suitable for lady. 4S7 Fulton st.
LADY wants gentleman buy interest establish-
ed business; terms suit buyer. . Box SG5. Call.
FOR sale— Grocery business in resident part of
San Jose. Address P.. Call office, San Jose.
UNDERTAKING— Will buy an interest or form
company. Box 843, Call - office.
FOR SALE— Large saloon In Western Addl-
tion. Apply Bavaria Brewery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmorc st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGI.NG-HOUSES FOIl SALE.
ALL BARGAINS. CALL FOR LIST.
15 rooms; Geary Bt.; 1250 cash; only $o7a
34 rooms (the best); clears $300 3000
60 rooms; partly furnished: only 900
20 rooms: new; elegant; clears $150 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
19 rooms on one floor 90?
8 rooms; fine yard 350
33 rooms: worth J2S00 i 1600
10-room house: flne location... 42u
24 rooms; on Geary st I 90 "
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6C0O
16 rooms; transient; only $4«0 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 4aO
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
I 8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
i IS rooms; on S'.xth st.; clears $S0 S00
! 24 rooms; on Market st.: clears $150 1600
¦ IS rooms; corner; just like home 1400
I 10 rooms; on Mason St.; new «ou
l 32 rooms; of fifes; clears J250 3j00
i 21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 12aO
! FRENCH AXD GERMAN SPOKEN.
1 H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: tel. Mint 796.
I $450 — DOWNTOWN; 14 rooms; cheap rent;
near Market and Fifth sts.; clears $75; other
business cause of selling. Apply DECKEH,
1020 Market st
ATTENTION, BUYERS'.
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room workingman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 2600
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 60U
20 rooms; flne furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments — 10C0
SO rooms; rent $100; clears $250 150C
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
70 rooms; modern; clears $250 4000
12 rooms; Turk st.; all rented 325
CALL, WE CAX SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 450
7 ropms-. O'Farrell st 400
16 rooms; Howard st.; housekeeping SCO
12 rooms; Bush st 500
24 rooms: Geary st.; payments 1900
15 rooms; Sutter st.; central o00
MONEY LOANED Phone John 031
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Mrkt.. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
! MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rooms 1, 2.
j Office near Call Building.
I have 4 salesmen; money to loan; long list.
40 rms.; near theaters and street cars; rent
$4 a room; roomers pay $10 to $15 per room;
house clears about $115 each month; terms %
cash, balance monthly Installments $2600
20 rms.: new oak furniture; new heavy Brussels
carpets; rent $50; full of men; income always
more than $125; all light rooms; owner must
sell at once because of death in family.. $500
10 rms.; on Golden Gate ave.? fine sunny house;
large rooms; furniture good; each month
clears $40 $S50
61 rms.: clears about $200 a month; I will
exchange for farm or sell for Vz cash $4000
14 rms. ; central corner; newly furnished; clean;
i clears $D3 per month; offices; all men.... $1050
i 8 rms.; rent $20; clears ?43 per month $300
i Several hotels and boarding-houses; all sizes.
Above are samples; plaase call for free list.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $100
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 373
30 looms; good fur., carpets; Bush St.... 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central.... 3700
100 r. ; fine location: good money maker.. 6000
12 rooms; newly renovated; flne; sunny.. 1200
17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker 1250
22 rooms; corner; good transient: clean.. 1500
! 19 rooms; something good: see It 2500
! So rooms; elegant; one of the best 8000
J5000— 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
! $650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $43; bargain.
h We furnish all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market St.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S30 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.,-
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
I See our list of bargains,
i 45 r. ; oak and mahogany fur.; clears $100.$3000
39 r. ; rent $125; oak fur.; good carpets 2350
SO r. ; rent $125; Al trans.; fine fur 2200
24 r. ; rent $110; everything good and clean 1900
21 r. ; rent $43; walnut fur.; housekeeping. 1000
17 r. ; rent $100; good fur. and carpets 1550
10 r. ; rent $47 50; oak fur.; carpets good.. 550
7 r. ; rent $35; golden oak fur 250
5 r. ; rent $1S; modern flat; good fur 250
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION '.—Buyers will find It to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list o # f FISHER
6 CO., 935 Market St., phone Folsom 1592. •'
34 r $14C0 22 r $RO0 16 r $S00
20 r 1150 20 r S03 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r GOO 12 r 400
13 r 709 8 r 3T.0 10 r .400
1 8 r 550 6 r 223 7 r 225
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market St.
15 rooms; sunny corner; cheap rent $1000
16 rooms; rent $50; part cash 1000
17 rooms; rent $50; reduced to 800
18 rooms; rent $37; clean house 800
20 rooms; central; fine furniture 1200
28 rooms; rent $50; a snap 900
R. G. WILKE, 26V. Kearny, rooms 9 and 10.
We have about 300 houses enlisted and great
bargains; ccme and see our list and we know
we can satisfy you; houses to trade, to ex-
change and money loaned; don't forget the
office. It is 26'/2 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
TWELVE rooms, Eddy, new fiat, rent $S0, $r,no.
! 1"> rooms, clears $42. half cash, nr Hyde. $700.
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market St.; tel. Main 12S.
44 ROOMS. Sutter, clears J200. part cash, $4000.
Money at 1\4%. M. E. RIVES. 916 Market st.
: THE largest and . best list of lodglng-housea
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 191L
917 Market st., near Fifth.-
: A — WANTED at once, tenants for new 60 to
1 100 room houses. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.,
! 667 Market st.
• WANTED— For cash, good 16 to 25 room house;
; central: well furnished. Address box 6G8. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
: COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
1 Sun., Tues., Fri., 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
1 countries; taken last world!* record medal
j Paris Fair. 1084 Bush st ; tel. 2275 Larkin.
1 BUOCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day. Wednesday, Thursday, Fri., 8:15 p m.;
I 25c. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
• A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
1 and life reader: mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evenings. 1033 Market st
: PROP. JOHN J~ HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
r palmist and card reader; reveals past, pres-
' ent. future; 50c. 1007% Market st., near Sixth.
- MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come,
. skeptics. ..*•..
2 MRS. HUBBARD, 103 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday. 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladies, 2:3(
p. m., 10c; readings dally, 50c. ¦
1 MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; Kitting* $1
_ letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st ; Ellis car. v
h MME. GYEISN, well-known trance medium
_ sittings daily from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9 p in. ex-
1 cept Sunday. .993 Market at., parlors 14-15.
e MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual test meeting
this evening, 10c. ' SC3 Larkin; hours 1 to a.
;" Arnold. & Dickson returned; materializing t>e
'* ance Sun. night; readings dally. 201 Turk st
- Mustafa — Egyptian materializing seance Sun
•J Wtd.,Fri.,8 p m.,25c; sittings daily. 1610 Bush
i- EARLE, independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel
Polk 1101; seance Tues., Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m
t; FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
:. Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night, 10c
e PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st— Readings. 50c, 51
. cir. Sun., Tues., Thurs. and Fri. nights, lCc
HELP W A IVTKT* — -~~J** *J'* r '~T~V'*™- -
WANTED— Middle-aged woman or girl for
general housework and plain cooking In
'small family; easy place; a good home; no
wash. 105 Grove st. 1 ¦
LADIES wishing to marry ,call or write to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis St.: no charges.
WANTED— An experienced ostrich feather
curler. Call at SOS Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS waist,- skirt and cloak hands
and assistants. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. ¦ -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. -
HELP \VA NTI-IJ--MA LIB.
A— MUR^AY~_TREADY?rr...Phone Main ~4S
...Leading Employment and* Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP DAILY, FREE
• UKIAH-RAILROAD MEN
UKIAH— RAILROAD MEN
C. N. W. R. R •••¦¦•
50 teamsters, Ukiah Free Fare
50 laborers, Uklah Free Fare
50 men for steel, rock and extra gangs.
Ukiah ..Free Fare
Ifree fare— we ship to-day......
Camp cook, R. R., $45 and found, free fare
* MECHANICAL HELP .....:
Bench hand, planing mill, country. J3 day;
rough carpenter, ranch, steady Job, *30 and
found; cooper for a large company. $3 day:
2 rough carpenters: furnace man for mine;
blacksmith, country shop; 2 Iron molders..
FARE PAID MILL WORK
SEE BOSS HERE
10 laborers to work in mills of a large saw-
mill company, J37 50 and found, fare paid,
see boss here '.
For another sawmill company; 15 laborers to
work In mills, yards and woods, no experi-
ence required: ......;•..•..... .$35 and found
10 laborers, mills and yards, Sonoma County.
J30 and found; hook tender, sawmill "com-
pany, $35 to $45 and found
FACTORY WORK
6 laborers to work In factory, no experience
required, $1 75 day, no strike; •
5 handy men, factory ....$1 50 day
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKERS
..MEN AND BOYS NO EXPERIENCE..
10 men and boys to pick fruits and grapes,
work in packing-house and dry yards
".... $30 and found
10 grape pickers, 51 fare $43
10 grape pickers, Napa County.. $30 and found
50 men and boys to pick grapes and fruits, no
experience required $30 and found
1 MISCELLANEOUS
5 hostlers and stablemen ..$60 and $50
Stableman, truck stable '. $15 week
Choreman and wife, $45 and found; man to
link and try sausage....... $13 50 week
9 dairymen and milkers..' $40 and $30
Milker, Siskiyou Counfc". $30; 15 farm . and
orchard hands. $26 and $30; 5 teamsters, large
ranch; 10 muckers $75
2 slaughter-house butchers
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, country shop, $40 and found; cook,
railroad camp, $45 and found, free fare; cook,
private family. $23; 9 cooks, city and country:
15 waiters; dishwasher, institution, $25; man
to wash coats and aprons for help in an In-
stitution, $25; porters and kitchen help, etc.
MURRAY & READY ...¦¦¦634-636 Clay st.
STABLEMAN for country. $30 and found;
stickerman and matcher, country mill, 30c an
hour; ranch blacksmith, $1 day and board;
man for hunting club, $25 and found; man
about place, Santa Barbara, $23 and found;
stickerman and woodturner, $3 day; butcher
boy, $10 and found: 2 donkey engineers for
logging; 10 men to pile grain, $3 and board; 3
milkers, $30 and $35 and found; boys for
stores, $4 and $6 week; laundryman, $35 and
found; 4 men and wives, $40 and $50; carpen-
ter for mine, $2 50 day; teamsters, laborers,
quarrymen and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 623 Sacramento st. ¦
COOK, 'country hotel, $60, and second cook,
same place. $40; young colored man for lunch
place, $25 and found; baker for country. $50
and found; oyster cook for country, $40 and
found; restaurant cook, country', $40 to $45;
2 waiters country, $30 and found: waiters,
city hotel, $27 50 and $30 and found; porters,
pantryman, dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
A— W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st....;
Blacksmith for ranch near city $35.
' Head milker and milker, country... $35 and $30
Stableman, city ....$15 a week
Man about place...' $20
Bedmaker, city $25 and found
Carpenter, short Job , $3 a day
Baker's helper, country $25 and found
Farmer, steady place $26
Porter, country hotel »- $20
Porter for saloon $3 a week
Cook for Institution $60
Cook and wife. Institution $90
. Man for shooting club $30 and found
BOSS BARBERS, ATTENTION!
There will be a special meeting of the Master
Barbers' Association of San Francisco at 102
O'Farrell St., Tuesday evening, October 8, at
9 o'clock, to consider and discuss- matters of
Interest to every boss barber of San Fran-
cisco who employs one or more men.
Your welfare is concerned, so do not fall to
be present. S. HELLER,
Secretary Master Barbers' Association.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Cash boys, 14 years of age and over.
Apply at HALE BROS., before 11 a; m.
WANTED— Young man as delivery bill clerk;
must be acquainted. with location of streets.
?Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS tailor who If capable of taking
charge of large coat shop; state last place of
employment and wages expected; steady job
for right man. Box 511. Ca41 office.
OPERATOR on coats; steady work; good pay;
- first-class tailors on custom coats. 541 Mar-
ket st. \
2 GOOD mill bench hands and 2 sash and door
men. Apply PACIFIC COAST LUMBER and
MILL CO., Second and Grove, sts., Oakland.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push ;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
MARINE firemen, sailors, stevedores,, non-
union ; no office fees. Mechanics' Registra-
tion Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room 24.
WANTED — First-class framemaker. Apply
this morning Superintendent's office. Em-
porium.
BOYS wanted to carry telegrams: good wages.
Delivery Dept. Western Union Telegraph
Company, 300 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, pantrymen, porters,
dishwashers and vegetablemen; no fee. 127
Mason st. '
FIRST-CLASS wrapper wanted. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 71S Market st. .
WANTED— Boy to work. THE STUPARICH
MFG.' CO..- 141-147 Fremont St.
FINE pants maker; good prices. ROSEN-
BLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103 Market st.
"WANTED— Paper ruler. F. MALLOYE, 422
Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED salesman to canvas: city gro-
cers; give experience and ref. Box 725. Call.
WANTED — A manufacturing jeweler and pol-
isher. Box 711. Call office.
WANTED— Man and wife for dishwashing;
wages $30. Address box 724, Call office. ¦ \
GET your shoes' half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY wanted in sheet metal works. Apply 17
¦ Drumm st. / .
LADY wishes partner with $150 for cigar
store. • 257 Fourth St., corner Folsom.
BARBER— Youn? man with about 1 year's ex-
perience. 605 Mission st^
WANTED— Oysterman.. 113 Ellis st.
- WAITER; porters, hotel, $30 and found. 301
. Twenty-second st. ¦ ¦ .
WANTED — Al man for wagon. Apply Skiff.
Clothing Renovating Co., 336% Bush st.
STRONG young man to do janitor work; 9
a. m. 12 Front st. ...
2 GOOD carpenters at 2007 FHlmore St.; come
early and brlnz tools.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 563
¦ ' Mission st.
SHOEMAKER on, repairing and second-hand
work. 756 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wanted, single, for light
work. Call 413 Grove st., near Gough.
i WANTED — A porter; call early; wages $40.
Monogram Saloon, .152 East .st.
i WANTED— An experienced grocery clerk.
I 433 Third st.
. i _____________________________________
; "WANTED— A dishwasher. Apply at Kentucky
I House, 1502 Kentucky st.
• j W ANTED— Short order night cook. 612 Kear-
i ny st. ¦ ¦
WANTED— Boy dishwasher. Apply 12 East
: street. -
, r WANTED— Bright young man to work In ba-
I - zaar. Apply 2200 Flllmore st.
TINSMITH, good workman, on jobbing work.
BLAKEWAY, 305 Howard St.
; WANTED— A heel builder. 134 Main st.
1 .WANTED— A ¦ Goodyear operator on welting
J stitching, range rounding. Box . 515, Call.
WANTED— A presser on ladies' cloaks. D M
j DAVIDSON & CO.. 52 First St. ¦ '
i COATBASTER wanted ; steady work. 947
j Market st. ¦ - __^
i BUSHELMAN for country. Apply REISS
. BROS.- & CO.: 24 Sutter st.
, GOOD coatmaker to work Inside; good wages.
•' ; 223Vi Montgomery ave. ;
HELP WAHTEn MALE Cn»^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S :104 Geary st.
Railroad Work Railroad \V C rk
Free" Fare ......Free Fa=f
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters J2 a Jay
100 laborers $2 a d*y
FOR TRUCKEE
FOR TRUCKEE
i66 laborers O 75 to $2 a d*y
FOR NEVADA
"]| FOR NEVADA
50 teamsters $2 a day
50 laborers "-C»W
Free Fare Ship Daily Free l-_.re
Strong, active man, who knows the city f to
drive delivery wagon. $12 a week; g\am-
blower, country; driver for milk wagon. «—e
boss here; farmers, milkers, choremen. sta-
blemen and others *___,_ '
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country restaurant, $45: second cor.fcs,
fryers and broilers, $40 to $60; 10 waiters,
city and- country. $23. $30. $35 and $40: 20
dishwashers and kitchen hands »30 anl r_i;
plain laundryman, country hotel. $2j
C. R. HANSEN & CO 1M Geary »t.
WANTEI>-Stevedores. seamen, firemen. t*al-
passera, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wt-ff.
where employes are boarded and lodgea en
steamer lying alongside: men working I->r
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Compnny.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco*
1000 MEN wanted — Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided. ~\ . '
'
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; rood wage*. 203
Front Bt. |
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. E. & A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson, Am-
ador Countv, Cal.; wages for 2-horse team-
sters, $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
ater3. $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per week.
AT RISDOX IRON WORKS, San Francisco-
Machinists, boilermakers, patternmakers,
machine blacksmiths and shipsmiths: also
young men over 17 years to serve appren-
ticeships at these trades; excellent induce-
ments; ample protection. Apply of flee. Beala
and Howard sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush.
I and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State.- San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St., room 23. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. ________
WANTED— Recruits for the marine coorps, U.
S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35:. not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. .San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: i>osttion» guaran-
teed: catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay st. _______
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House . proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
DENTIST wanted; experienced graduate or li-
centiate; Christian. Room 11. 1065 Washing-
ton st., Oakland.
STRONG intelligent boys 18 to 20 years to
learn machinist trade. 505 Mission Bt.
ERRAND boy wanted. 22 Second st. -
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Franc'sco Barber School,- 714A Howard.
EXPERIENCED boy for printing office;
steady; good wages. 109 California st. . .-
SOLICITOR for first-class tailoring establish-
ment^
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all. parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st. ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and Zd sta.
I McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty.; E. A. BuIIIs. r."4OT Fhelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G. A. R.
WANTED— 5C0 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 7U0 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. , '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
HORSES AAP WAGOXS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, October 2. at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F.
FOR sale— Fine horse. Twenty-sixth and Ala-
bama sts.
HORSE for sale cheap at 3S6 Utah St., near
Seventeenth. . .
HAND-MADE coupe cheap. Box 63, Call office.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, one
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, 'single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one ye^ir for $1,
postage paid.
- hospitals" i ~T
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at Saa
Elmo Hospital. M0 Pouglasa «t.. San Fran.
UOIISES TO LETT
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. U Montgomery.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner
st.. near Ellis. . .
HOUSES TO. LET— -FURNISHED.
A SUNNY cottage. 6 rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees; Alameda; V, block from
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
HOUSES FURXISHED— FOR SALE.
FURNISHE_TTiSu^er~7TroomsT rent~$35™full
good roomers: very reasonable If sold at
once. 804 Geary st.
LOST AND FOIXD.
LOST— From Mrs. GUligan's ranch. Vlsitacton
Valley, 2 greyhound pups, one red dog and a
brlndle bitch. Finder will please returr. to
F. J. CROURKE'S horseshoeing shop, 327
Golden .Gate ave.. and receive reward.
LOST — Russian wolfhound dog, like greyhound,
only much larger and with long.- silky hair
of a whitish gray color: Information leading
to recovery, reward of $10. 126 Stockton st.
LOST — Pair fcolcl glasses in case. Finder re-
turn to 514 Oak St.; reward.
SMALL memorandum book: owner's name on,
J- Warshawskl. Return 103 Powell; reward.
LOST— Long fox fur boa; liberal reward. 1164
Haishtst. . ¦-• .'
FOUND— A. O. Foresters of A. badge.-. Call at
1020 Geary st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
(.'nil. 16 pages, sent tn any address In the
United Slates or Canada one year for $1.
MATTRKSSKS AND l'lUO WS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.:
tel. Bush 421. »
M1AES AXD M1XI.NC.
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?~"
ir you do. buy some stock in the Homestake
Gold Mining Co. _.t 30c per share, on Install-
ment; limited number shares for sale' price
will be advanced to 40c per share November 1-
prospectuses mailed on application -
HOMESTAKE GOLD MINING CO..
601 California, at., San Franciaco, f*«|i .
clairvoyants.
mme. m. Bernard' ~ """^
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly; gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-.
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-'
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you. will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. GLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily anc! Sunday."
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st.; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
1 secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays, from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
reads your life correctly; tells past, present,
future;full names given ;slttlngs 50c.326A Ellis.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm. ;
. she has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names given; L, 50c. G. $1. 1079 Mkt, cor. 7th.
MME. L AROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken, 25c up. 777^i.Market st..room 18.
CLAIRVOYANT card . reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladles
25c, gents'50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel Jessie 1563.
MRS. M ALLORY, spiritual . card reader ; send
stamp for cir.; L., 25c; G., 60c. 917 Howard.
MAE HANSEN. card reader and palmist, tell3
past, present, future. 25c. 14S 6th St., room 14.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader; ladies 25c. gents 50c. 28 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;palmistry;'
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over storo.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448U Jessie St., bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. E Fourth st.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works; 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South. 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
j 3c;renovated;relald. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.,
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop. '
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works ;prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. II.
STEVENS, Mgr., 3S-40 Sth st ; tel. South 250,,
J. E: MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tcl. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. ~
PROF.SU-aseburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.: Chronicle big., rm. 76.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.'^
X__rT t".~ s7~HIGGINS, 927 Market street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809- Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates,, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates, $3; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co..- 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can pave 40' per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
! SET of teeth without plate. DR.' H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH 813%Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 upiphonePoIkllsn.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building : formerly In Murphy bldjr.
PBTOCTTVTB
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legiti-
mate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 381.
I _.. ¦ !
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTItESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATION AL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; {50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete ' business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
A CLASS in vocal music has been organized
to meet each Friday evening In the /First
United Presbyterian . Church, Golden Gate
ave. and Polk St., under the direction of Pro-
fessor W. T. Wiley; all lovers of music in-
vited; $1 for 12 lessons; book furnished.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men at the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
structor Geo. H. Boke of jurisprudence dept.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $t>0; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM.- an accredited preparatory
school fcr. the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CORRESPONDENCE Schools' students assisted
evenings; lessons In mathematics, mechanics
and drawings; send for circulars. 3040 Six-
teenth st. J. F. KLENCK.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st./
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens. October 7. Full Information write D.
MACLEAN. M. P.. dean. Donohoe bldg.. S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O"Farrell,_t.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
• vcy, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. ¦' Van
•/ der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man -who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. .
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select-
club, and violinist, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory, 301 Jones st. .
SPANISH -lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo. ¦
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st:
¦ ' ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
¦ MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin; guitar
lessons, oOcr piano for practice." 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: vidlin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 100S Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and 1
• ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
• HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new. 80- page catalogue free.
; ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; f 3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SAJf FBASCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS, OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right in the. year.
BRANCH OFFICES--527. Montgomery etreet.
corner. Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. .
800 Hayes Etreet: open until 9:33 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until S:30 p. n_ .
C15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission etreet;_open_untll_10_p. tn - .
!261 Market Btreet, corner Sixteenth; open
•ontll 9 j>. m. ...
106 Eleventh Btreet: open until 9 p. — •
1096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. n_
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. j
COO Fillmore etreet: open until 9 p. m.
. MEETING NOTICES-
A SPECIAL meetinc cit San «*•__*»
Francisco Consistory No. 1. A. /*Sjrij/_L-j8i
and A.. Scottish Rite of Free- _i*b{(»J\Srf\
masonry, will b<* h<-!d in Com- L ?|Ay-Vf -a
mandery Hail. Masonic Tern- «_r t-Tf^ /W
r le, on THURSDAY EVEN- if -r-fl___— tt 1
ING, October 3, laul, at 7:30 ; <j«|lWv.
o'clock. Businets. %/^*i:/
HENRY BURNEC Registrar. <-?^-
A SPECIAL, meeting of Godfre- «.-|i^_j
de St. Omar Council No. 1. H fr
Knights Kadosh, A. and A.. Kl j 2| K.
ScottiEh Rite of Freemasonry, , JffMWJfprai
will be held in Commandery ! lj__* HH=-Si
Hall. Masonic Temple. on »T JT[ 13
THURSDAY EVENING. Octo- KL,
ber 3, 1201. at 7:15 o'clock. U__=»i
Business. HENRY BURNER. Recorder.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A.. 'xf
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be Pi
held in Commander}' Hall, Masonic l£2*
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. t&Sf
October 3, 1901, at S o'ciock. Degree 4.
HENRY_gURNER. Secretary. _
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M^— j_
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _«\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Royal Arch fsj\
degree. By order of the H. P. '*'
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A., m
M... will meet THIS (THURSDAY) J^.
EVENING, October 3, at 7:30 o'clock. Tt>\
Stated meeting, ¦ By order of the ' ~^
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M. m
—Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) ,jS\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- JfeJ?
gree. Master Masons cordially invited. • v
By order of the W. M. •
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
IX)RIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— «_
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _Jf\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order lljr
of the Master. ' '
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (THUR?- _$!?^55!_C.
DAY) EVENING, October 3, 1?OL
Brothers cordially invited. 'vHUv^
FRANK D. MACBETH. N. G.
CHAS. J. THELEN, Rec. Sec.
FRANCO American Lodge No. 207. ..swwfcy*.
I. O. O. F.— Officers and members f§__2K§_:
are requested to be present
THURSDAY EVENING, at S «••*"
o'clock. Odd Fellows' Hall. Initiation.
L. CARRA1NE, N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU, Secretary. t
MEMBERS of Eureka lodge No. 9, K. «4C- |
of P., are requested to attend the j*»J^_. j
next meeting. October 4. for the pur- _X\E> |
pose cf conferring on four Pages the *Cr*** v I
rank of Esquire and Knight. Members of j
. Eistw lodges are invited. By order of ;
H. .AYELCER. C. C. I
J. HEALING. K. of R. S. j
eTOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY. October S. 1V01. at 11 o'clock a. m. By
order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
AUOPTIOS.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. SIRS. DR.
FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
AGENTS WAV-ED.
JicKINLEY'S Life, by Murat Halsted; best
author; best book; best terms; retails $1 50;
will duplicate any offer on inferior books;
credit given; freight paid; outfit free. J. S.
ZIEGLER & CO.. Chicago. III.
AGENTS W ANTED— Life of McKinley. five
hundred page large book; handsomely illus-
trated; outfit free; new ready; 75 per cent
discount to agents; freight paid; credit given.
HENRY NEIL. 223 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
WANTED— Limited number of good canvassers i
can find something to their advantage by j
calling at 3C2 Post 6t., Wednesday, before j
6 x>. ra. ¦ j
WANTED— Canvassers for the only dustless
floor brush "manufactory for household, stores,
public buildings; fast seller; big profit. Call
or add. Geo T. Bryant. 14 McAllister, r. 35.
OUR martyr Presidents. McKinley. Garfield.
Lincoln: their illustrious lives and glorious
deeds: handsomely illustrated; outfit sent on
receipt of 25c. J. A. HOFMANN, 1219 Bush.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley; 500 page,
large book: handsomely Illustrated; outfit ,
free; now ready. S. C. MILLER & CO.. Port- :
land. Or. i
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit- :
able and easier to s?ll than books or insur- i
ance? Ad. F. TERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASl'HALTLM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11SG Mission: tcl. Folsom 2477.
ATTOHXISYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty: quick,
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared: charge low; estb.
16 yars. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 850 Markt St.
ADVICE free;divorces private: bankruptcy ;col-
lectionF:attachments:mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds:wills drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON, 10CS% Mkt.. r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; moderate fee If successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
ADVICE free: open eve.; moderate fee if suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN, 927 Market St.
ADVICE free ; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
1_ K. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., P27 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
IIOAKU1NG FOR CHILDREN.
WAXTED-A young boy to board In refined
family; references exchanged. MRS. GEORGE
SAN DOW, 7C2 Clayton st.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. JC07 California st.
HOOKS XI_W AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2336.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708- Mission st.
injujRAji^jriiujxics;
ASK to see Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. S26 Howard.
Ill'SIM--- CilAACl__.
A— $350; BRANCH bakery, notions and fancy
grocery store in Alameda; rent 510; good lo-
cation and fine paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. X\j Koarny St.
fl'Xi— CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms, in best part of the Mission; call at
once, you will have a bargain. R. G.
WILKE. _CVz Kearny st.
A— $750; THE leading delicacy store in the Mis-
sion, doing a first-class paying business and
having the cream of the trade; fresh stock,
elegant fixtures; a .rare chance. Call K. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000: PARTNER wanted in old-establiebed
corner saloon; best downtown location; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26'.i Kearny st.
A— $1100; RESTAURANT close to Market St.;
near Chronicle bldg.; a good paying business
Call R. G. WILKE. SCH Kearny st.
A— J25O0; LIVERY and boarding stable north of
Market St., clearing above $300 per month; full
value in sight; a rare opportunity. Call R
G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny Et.
A— $4^0; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; rent ?25; must be sold at once, as
owner is compelled to return to Michigan. Call
¦R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny st.
A— $600; CIGAR Btore; rent $20; very best stand
on Kearny st. ; owner must leave for Fresno-
value In sight.. Call R. G. WILKE. 26_
Kearny 6t.
A— $400: CORNER saloon on Mason at.; rent $25;
good business; must be sold at once; owner
accepted Government position. Call R. G
WILKE. _6'_ Kearny st.
-ATTENTION, buyers— Lodging-house. 9 rms..
I price $330; 12 rms.. $250, with piano; rooming-
house. 41 rms.; rooming and boarding, 12
Tin!.; hotel. 40 rms.; restaurant on Market St.,
a great bargain,. $500; restaurant on Third st.,
price $3000. For chances for any business call
on McBRIDE & CO.. Auctioneers and Real
Estate, 1C16 Market st-, opposite Fifth.
WANTED— An energetic business man with
,$1250 as partner In old-established coal busi-
ness clearing $300 per month; flne large horses
and wagons; large etock on hand; or will sell
the whole: etock and improvements invoice
$8000. J. H. STANTON. 47 Post Et.
$2500— PARTNER wanted; 200 per cent abso-
lutely safe. See STANTON (my agent), 34
Kearny et.
$200— PARTNER wanted: light business: suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with {15 to SIS
I a' week, with chance of increase; no experi-
ence required. 25 Geary et., room L
A— 53500; GROCERY end bar; PEtab. 16 years:
flne trade. A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
WANTED— Partner with $2500; unusually fint
opportunity to right man. Box 706, Call.Iffrs. Mary Bruning Charges Him
With Mismanaging Funds Held
in Trust for Her.
Mr3. Mary Bruning filed a complaint In
the County Clerk's office yesterday in
which she alleges that Attorney E. Myron
Wolf, while acting as trustee of her
estate, mismanaged the same and is
guilty of fraud and dishonesty.
Attorney Wolf was appointed. Mrs.
Bruning*s guardian when she was de
clared insane three years ago and sent to
the Stockton Asylum. She possessed at
that time $11,500, and the money was
turned over to Wolf to be held in trust
for her.
Last July Mrs. Brunlng was restored to
capacity by Judge Carroll Coofc, and Wolf
was relieved of his duties as guardian,
but retained as trustee. He ls still in
charge of the plaintiff's funds. At the
time Judge Cook declared Mrs. Brunins
sane it wasfctlpulated that she was not to
be given control of her property. Judge
Cook directed Wolf to pay her an allow
ance of $50 monthly.
At the time of her commitment to tha
insane asylum her property was in the
possession of Miss Hulda Thompson, and
a legal battle was necessary before it
could be recovered. W. L. Pierce was the
attorney for Wolf and succeeded in re
gaining the money, which amounted to
511,500. For his services he put in a claim
for $3SpO, which' was paid by order of court.
In the complaint filed yesterday Mrs.
Bruning alleges that Wolf conspired with
Pierce to defraud her. She further alleges
that Wolf approved her restoration to
capacity in order that he might retain
control of her property.
The complaint alleges still further that
the claims allowed for expert medical
testimony and other lawyers' fees were
unnecessary.
Attorney Wolf said last night: "In my
opinion Mrs. Binning is still mentally un
balanced. Her charges against me have
grown out of her vagaries. She has
always imagined that she uas the victim
of a conspiracy. No later than three
weeks ago she came to my office and' by
her conversation showed that she was far
from beins sane. So far as I am con
cerned every cent I expended was paid
out on an order of court. I can say that
her charges will prove groundless when
the suit is heard."
VEBBICT OF HTJRTJER
IN STANTON INQITEST
Witnesses Before the Coroner Tall tb.e
Story of Tragic Minna-Street
Deed.
The Coroner's jury yesterday returned a
verdict charging 1 James^W. Dunphy with
the murder of Edward Stanton on Sep
tember 27 on Minna street, near Mary.
Edward Cole, carpenter, testified that
after Stanton had been felled to the side
walk by the first bullet from one of I>un
phy's two revolvers Dunphy stepped up
to the orostrate form and sent six more
bullets into the body of the wounded man.
Joseph Frey testified to a similar state of
facts.
E. T. Houk testified that he heard two
shots fired before he looked out of his
window. Then he saw Stanton lying- on
the sidewalk and Dunphy. standing over
h'm. fire three more shots at the wounded
man. Then Dunphy. drawing a second
revolver from his pocket, fired three more
shots Into the body of his victim.
M. " J. Fay, a grocer, residing at 419 Min
na street, told about Dunphy asking him
several days prior to the murder to find
out the whereabouts of Stanton, saying:
he wanted to get even with Stanton for
having robbed him of some money when
they were rooming together. After the
shooting the witness met Dunphy at the
door of the grocery with a pistol In his
hand, and Dunphy said, "I have got my
man."
Police Officer R. E. Silver told about
the arrest of Dunphy with two revolvers
in his hand and of the confession made by
the prisoner.
Dunphy was represented by Attorney
John J. Barrett. Judge Conlan has post
poned the preliminary examination of the
man-slayer until next Monday.
Knights of Tara Adopt Resolutions.
At the regular meeting: of the Knlshts
of Tara held Tuesday evening the follow
ing resolutions were unanimously adopted:
Whereas. Our illustrious President William
McKinley has been so untimely removed from
our midst by the ruthless, hand of a cowardly
assassin, and.
Whereas. It is but fitting that we should pay
our heartfelt tribute of respect to our departed
President: therefore be it
Resolved, That the Knights of Tara deplor*
the dastardly crime of his assassination and
that we heartily sympathize with our sorrow-
Ing nation and our departed President's widow
in her hour of grief: and. be it further • _
Resolved, That this resolution be spread upoa
the minutes of our meeting and be given to
the press.
PALACE HOTEL.
J H Bostwlck &W.NY A E Swanson, Buffalo
A L Baker. NY D G Curtis, Warren
Miss F Boler. NT W D Minckler. Cal
Mrs E A Saunders.NT Miss E Clement. Pa
Miss M Tucker, N Y W C Moore, Chicago
Miss A Gallert, NY S C French, England
Miss Gilbert. NY L Macpherson. N Y.
C S Twins & w, N Y O E Giese. N Y
Miss H Bufflngton.NY Miss E Clement, N T
J W Gray, NY G I Carson. Iowa City
G P Robinson. Boston Mrs C McBride, S Jse
J G Williams, Va , C G H McBride. S Jse
J L Williams,, Va i M L Scerry & w.Conn
L L Kinsollng&w.Brzl F G Jewett Jr & w.
Rev A C A Hall. Vt Albany, N Y
E M Wood & w, Ohio E Babbltte, Bristol.RI
J F Da via. Jackson Rev E "W Hunter, N O
P J Hart. USA- O Heinz. Portland
G I Carson, Iowa City Mrs L Piseon, Montrl
G Hodges & w, Cambg L Beauchamp, Montrl
J F Sarton & w, L A Miss A Beauchamp,
W W Frazier. Phila Montreal
S H Mallory &w.Iowa Mrs F Hewletts, Napa
Mrs J N Thayer, Iowa TEC Johnson. Bostn
W McConnlck.^Iowa W R Cutting, N Y
Rev H A F Hoyt, Pa C M Clement. Pa
Mrs Hoyt. Phlladelphl C D HelbeK Baltimre
Miss Wain. Philadel H E Woodbury & w,
Miss Ambler. Wash Burlington
J H McKenzie. Ind S E Uppon & w, Ga
G T Davidson, Phila R Codman. Maine
J M Sherrerd, Easton W H Roots. Wash
Bishop Walker. N Y Mrs F Bradstreet. . Me
J J Rumell & w.NewO Miss L Bradstreet. Me
A G Gassen. San Dies W R Howe & w. N Y
J W Wood, N X Mrs'C H Corninff, Me
R H Marcuse & w.NY Mrs E Stevens. Mass
T Rodman & w.Sydney Rev E. A White & w.
T M Sloan & w. N Y Bloomfleld. N T--
J Browning: & w. N Y Mrs E R Fielding.N Y
G C Foley, WUIiamspt Mrs F W Tolley, N J
G H McManus. USA Miss Tolley, N Y
H M Merriam, USA Mrs J B Davenport,
O L Spauldlng Jr.USA Stanford. Conn
Gen G Sternberg.USA Miss E D Ferguson,
Misses Anderson. U SA Stanford, Conn
T G Ferguson &w,USA Dev Dr and Mr« Me-
M B Bufoi-d. USA Kim, Wash, D C
Mrs F G Rayner.Hnlu D M Sawyer & w, N Y
J P Smith, Livermore Rev Dr Crawford &w,
C Alden, Boston - Virrinia
W P Alden. Boston Mrs L Bradley, Phila
D Drysdale. S Mateo Rev D M Smith. D C
J A Brent, Cal L A Smith & w. NY
A J Lenar & w, Bston Miss G Smith. N Y
Mrs J J Bush. N Y. Miss V Frost. N Y
Miss E Brooks, NY Miss A Frost. N Y
Henry Bush, NY J T Tracey & w, N Y
R W Clark, Detroit Henry Buck. N Y
W R Butler. Pa Mrs L Schantz. N Y
Miss Elliott. S Lake Miss L Hasbrook.N Y
Mrs J K Swearinger, Miss H Hasbrook. N Y
Perry, Iowa Ml«s M P Nott. N Y
W R Chapman & w. Miss A Comstock, N Y
Philadelphia. Mrs H Landeraff, N Y
R J Thorn & w. Chcg H N LandKraff. N Y
K P Bailey & w.Chgo Miss B L Hoskins.N Y
S D Miller&w. Detroit Mrs T Huffhes.P Rbls
W D Maxon. Detroit Dr W P Blake, Spring-
Mr Morsan, Detroit field. Vt
Mr Hendlne. Detroit A L Bush. Mas*
H L Jones & w. Pa Mrs W S Lada. N H
J M Brown & w. Ms Mrs A M Beattie. NH
Miss S L Brown. M; Mrs Spauldlng. N H
D B Lyman & w.Chs J DeLand, St Louis
Mrs C P Shedd. Chcg W P Lenhart. Pa
Rev Dr Brainard. Aubn J Goodwin. , N H
H L Weldo, NY
, GRAND HOTEL.,
W F Watklns Jr. Md C D Heller. Baltimore
W H Gibson, Baltimor H Adams. Dubuque
M V Lansdie, Wis Mrs L F Martin. Wls
A L Spring, - Boston D Beach- & w, N Y
A^Hufflll & w. 1. Ang Mrs J H Newman,*? Y
N F Hill, St LouU C B Wood, N Y
J S Bever & w, Iowa L Kaiser, Mazatlan
W J Harris, Vermont F Andonaegar, Mex .
F W Smylle, Denver E C Smith, Pac Grove
G W .Skinner, Denver G F Henry.Des Molnes
Mrs L A Peck. Ill Rev P Matthews, O
Miss E Peck, 111 A Yule, St Louis
P H Johnston, Atlanta M Guitar, Columbia
Miss Chapman^ Phila Mrs Hamilton. La
R Barr & w, Oakland Mias E Hamilton. La
R H JTortesque, Mich Mrs I Hass. Gr Valley
C A Matthews, Pa ' E L Greever, Va
L J Forrest. Pa Mrs J F Woodward.Cal
E S Babbitt & w. R I Miss E M Dufflcy, Cal
J H Rindland, Fargo Miss A L Dufflcy. Cal
E M Darrow, Fargo Mrs H Baxter, Minn
C P St John, Chicago T L Condron. Chicago
W R Butler. Pa G Mitchell, Mexico
E Houseman, London J E Lacy, Los Ang
S C French. London Mias G Davl. Sit Lake
J Howard & w. Pa K Booth, Los Ang |
W D Mlnckler, Cal W C Stone, Sn Mateo
R L. McLain, W Va Mrs W C Cooper, Ohio
W H McLain, W Va Miss E R Cooper. Ohio
Dean Stucct. Dallas C C Hart, Sacto
O F Noel, Nashville W M Lowell. Sacto
E Holdoway, St Louis M L Means & w. Ohio
J D Misereau, Chicago Mrs E Drake. Ohio *
P K Ivans, USA J W Oatea, Sta Rosa.
Mrs P K Ivans W R Stulz & w. Oakld
Miss D Richardson.Ont W T Swingle & w.D C
Miss A Kichardson.Ont Rev W R Finlay, Eng
Miss C Taylor, Ont A Rothschild. Chicago
Dr McArthur, Ls Ang Mrs J C Bigelow & s,
J P Klrkley. Camden Chicago /
E A Diehl. Sta Barbar Miss D Fregard, III
Mrs J A Leydel, Wls G H Eajrnharcl & w,
W R Beall. Redding Louisville
G W Johnson, Chicago C A Ssandley, Chicago
Mrs E G Portler. Md Mrs B F Stark, Pa
Miss Despard. Phila Miss A Lyons, Pa
Miss Dillingham, Phila Mrs E J Rogers. Pa
Mrs B Randolph. Md •
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Frank Williams, Cal W R Sullivan, Barstow
John Williams. Cal ' Jas Mulroy. Ingleslde
Fred Williams, Cal Rod S Williams. Cal
C Williams. Wash, DC L H Lamoscan. Cal
D B Urnstead&w, Mas Geo F Hanson, Kans
G Vellly, Sacramento A F Hanson, Kaa
A Abshlon & w, Tex Geo Cramm, Kana
C H Febaithe Jr, La. Fred Cramm, Kans
Fred Thornbury & . w, C Rolfs. Kans
Emporla, Kans Win Schmidt, Kans
A Tnornbury. Kas H B Loomis&w, Kans
S w' Green. (Salt Lake
Arsenic Killed Growney.
The city toxlcologist reported yesterday
to Coroner Leland that he had found In
the stomach of Theodore Crowney a sud
cient quantity of arsenic to have caused
death. Growney was 72 years old and was
found dead in his bed at 146 eleventh
street last Sunday. There was a quan
tity of medicine on the table and It was
first supposed that heart disease was the
cause of death. Growney was robbed a
few days ago of $170 by a woman who
went by the name of Kitty Mahoney and
he was the chief witness against her.
On Trial for Stealing a Ham.
M.' B. Weinberg, special officer for Mc-
Nab & Smith, appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday on the charge of petty
larceny for stealing a ham from a truck
at Fourth and Townsend streets, Septem
ber 21. J. W. Hardman. Frank J. Gal
lagher, Fred Ll Foster, William TVMoran
and Special Officer Madden testified to
the defendant taking the ham.
The defendant's attorney raised the
point that Madden, who swore tcr^ the
complaint, did-' not see the defendant in
the actual commission of the crime and
the Judge took the matter under advise
ment till Saturday. Weinberg i will have
to answer to another charge of stealing
a ham from a car of the Southern Pacific
Company.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
"Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco, December ISth, Los An
geles December 19th, reaching Mexico In
time for the Holiday Celebrations. Round
trip, San Francisco. $30. Loa Angeles,
$70- Personally conducted. Dining car.
Pullman sleepers.' Limit 60 days. Low
side trip rates. Optional Itineraries.
Make reservations 613 Market street, San
Francisco, 261 South Spring street, La»
Angeles."
Ask to Mortgage Church Property.
A petition was filed in the County
Clerk's office yesterday by the Congrega
tion Sherith Israel for permission 9 to
mortgage tho church property at the
corner of Dolores and Nineteenth streets
for S25.000.
License Taxes Refunded.
John' Rosenfeld & Sons and forty-five
other business firms petitioned the Board
of Supervisors yesterday for. the return of
license taxes paid to the License Collector
in December, 1809. The amounts 2 vary
fromr $26 -to $151 and aggregate several
thousand dollars. The petitioners say the
License Collector represented that a
merchandise license tax was required for
the quarter ending March 1, 1900, well
Knowing that the merchandise tax had
been abolished.. ,_
Cleveland Caught a Fish
With a. "pole, which was very clever of
him. But to catch It with one of our
Premo, Poco or Eastman catneras while
it was jumping- in the stream would be a
much mere gratifying feat. "We sell all
photographic supplies at fairest prices.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Leaves Estate to Widow.
: The will of Samuel Sternheim, who died
September 19. 1901. was filed for probate
yesterday/ He left an estate valued at
$35,000 to his wife, Rosa Sternheim, • and
she is named as executrix.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ATTORNEY E. MYB.O1T WOLT
IS ACCUSED OF FBATJU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1902.
13
R.OO5IS TO LET— Fnrn. and Dnfnra.
GEARY. 6j8— Nicely furnished rooms for gen-
: tlamen or ladies; housekeeping if desired.
GEARY, . 93S — Modern house; newly furnished
rooms, with use of kitchen and dining-room.
GEARY, 601— Sunny front furnished rooms.
Gi:ARY, 1S20— Parlor suite to young couple,
with board; elegantly furnished: references
exchanged. '
CCLDEN GATE ave., 126— Nice furnished
rooms; gas grate; also light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 618— Sunny parlor, suit-
oble for two, with or without board; also
other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 941— Small, sunny, fur-
nished room for lady. Apply evenings.
HARRISON, 784^. near Fourth— Finely fur- •
nlshed rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week. up. . '
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class:
50c per day and, upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
•Ness — Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elcc. lights; day, week, mo..
PAGE, 15. off Market (Ardeip-Large furnished
rooms, $1; double rooms. $525 week; sunny.
-_- i» |
POST, 426 — Larse room for twc>gentlemen; also I
single ; tourists accommodated. ; ' I
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to ;
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.-.
BUTTER, 320% (Tho Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TAYLORy 246, corner Ellis— Rooms furnished
or 3 unfurnished.
TENTH. 123. near Market— Large sunny front
room, furnished, closet: $9. ¦
TWO furnished front rooms; gas, grate and
bath, with use of large kitchen if desired; in
private family; will rent separate. Address
H., borf 712. Call office.
VALENCIA, 1122— Beautiful new. sunny front
bay-window room, upper flat, suitable for 2;
reasonable; use of piano If desired.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established .at 1996
Valencia, st. "
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly hljrh class; moat
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy et., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE CECILERNE, 830 Van Ness ave.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
O'FARRELL, 605' (Johnson House) — Exception-
ally fur. suites: beautiful grnds.; table board.
POLK. 1907— Pleasant sunny room; board; use
of piano: $16; bath. ,
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one y_ear for $1,
postage paid.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Two furnished rooms: light house-
keeping priyHjes:es: tenant owns gas stove,
etc.; Golden Gate Park district preferred.
Box 281. Call.
COUPLE, no children, want 2 unfurnished
rooms, vicinity Palace Hotel: rent not • ex-
ceeding $9 mo. Ad. r. 7, 2d floor. 217 Grant av.
WANTED— A plain unfurnished room on mid-
dle floor, well lighted, having a fireplace and
water in It. Address box 738, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, " 16 pages, sent to any address * In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
XIOO3IS AXD BOARD AVAXTED.
LADY teacher, piano, from New York desires
to exchange board for lessons. Box 390, Call.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for ti: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailment* of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 614 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 203 ,4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
palrlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van & Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GR^AT^ARGAlNS^T^P^W^TErlS^We
sell better machines for less mdney than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
DIVIDEND KOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 34, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi- j
tal stock of the company has been 'declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California st., San Francisco, on October 10,
1901. Transfer books close October 3, 1901, at
noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SALE of old arms at the Navy Yard?~Mare
Island. Cal.— There will be sold at the Navy
Yard. Mare Island. Cal., "old arms surrendered
by the Samoans to the Joint High Commis- <
slon, consisting of about 3457 mixed types of
rifles and smoothbore - guns. The sale will
be for cash to the highest bidders, by sealed
proposals, to be opened at 1 o'clock p. m. Oc-
tober 21, 1901. Schedules containing form of
proposals and terms of sale will be furnished
on application to the General Storekeeper.
Mare Island Yard, or Bureau of Supplies and
Accounts, Navy Department, Washington.
JOHN D. LONG. Secretary of the Navy.
- 9-16-01
THIS is to certify that I, JOHN LUTZ. will
not be responsible for any debts incurred
under the firm name of LUTZ & ERIKSEN,
earner Fell and Franklin sts., as I am not
a member of the aforesaid firm.
JOHN LUTZ.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— State prison supplies and power
, —Sealed proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the clerk at the State prison. San
Quenttn. until 10:30 a. m., Saturday, the
- fifth day of, October. 1901. at which time and
place they will be opened in the presence
of bidders, for furnishing fuel coal, fuel oil,
and electric pow«r, or other power to run
the Jute mill at San Quentin, from the 1st
day of January. 1902, to th6 30th day of
June. 1902. inclusive. Each bidder must ac-
company his bid with a certified check in the
cum of one thousand- dollars upon some well-
known and responsible banking-house, pay-
able to R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the
board, conditioned that the bidder will enter
Into a contract upon notice of acceptance, as
required by law. All payments made on con-
tracts will be paid In cash or Controller's
warrants. Bidders will carefully follow, the
conditions of the schedules, and all bids must
be made upon the schedules, which will be
furnished upon application to the Clerk of
the Board, -at San Quentin, Cal. The Board,
reserves the right to reject any and all bldsf
as the ptfbllc interest may require, and to
order any quantity-Tinder or over the amount
specified in. the schedule. . ...
R. M. FITZGERALD. President.'
J. M. OLIVER. Clerk. ' . . % '.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, Oc-
tober 15, 1901, and publicly opened immediate-
ly thereafter, to furnish at . the Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cai., a quantity of corned beef,
ham, peaches, prunes,- raisins; tea, salt. beef,
salt pork., vinegar,- sirup,- lumber, mahogany,
boat knees, oars, machine tools; also. labor
find** material .'for 'a quantity of wood block
paving. • Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the Bureau or to the Navy
Pay Office,' >San Francisco," Cal. A. S.
KENNY, Paymaster General U. S. N. 3-3-C1
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: <
Arthur B. Price, 34, 105 Folk street. ¦ and
Leontine B. von Wefelsburg, SO. 443. O'Farreil
street. • v - ', •
James Wilson, 40. 3 Salmon street, and Dora 1
Campbell, 36, 3 Salmon street.
Albert Nelson, 2S, 35C Perry street, and Har- i
riet C. Moses. 19, 35 Ferry street. ]
Leopold J. Alkalay, 31, Berkeley, and Bertha
L. Rencurel, 22, city.
Maurice - W. P. O'Brien, 26, 68 Clementina
Et£ee4. and Catherine A. Morton, 21, 1130 Bry- ,
ant street. '/
Edward Haynes, 21, Sacramento, and Olive
Masters, Si," Sacramento. • •
Alexander J. Douglas, Zi, city, and Mary
Flanagan,-28, city. . '
Giovanni Della-Magfrlora, 2S, 1006 Sansome
street, and Laura del Carlo, IS, 913V£ Battery
street.
W. Harry Wilson. 26, Vancouver, B. C, an-I
Ada Macdonald, 26, Vancouver, B. C.
Harold French, 23, 1517 Jackson street, and
Isabel Borthwick, 23, Ontario. Cal.'
Richard- W. Drum. 21, 214 Halght street, and
Elizabeth W. Moller, 21, 379S Seventeenth
strett. .
Orrin B. Culver, 55, city, and Florence Mulr.
42. city.
Rudolf G. Rummel, 29, Sacramento, and An-
nie N. H. Attinsrer, 24. 351 Hayes street.
William R. Miller. 26, 219 Hayes street, and
Mollie D. H. Attlnger. 22, 351 Hayes street.
Albion Demek, . 35, 1831 Webster street, and
Clara Demek. 33, 1831 Webster street. -
Andrew S. Vlnd, 29, 355 Jessie street, and
Marie T. Dietrich. 28. 823, Powell street.
George Ridley. 31, San Jose, and Kathleen
Moade, 24, San Jose.
John Lysaght, 28, 120 Townsend street, and
Marie V. Keating. 23, 210 Ritch street. !
Harvey O. Getchell, 23, 13 Hickory avenue,
and Estella C. Handley. 22. 19 Hickory avenue.
• John Baumsarten, 21, 468 Fell street, and
Annie D. Henry. 21. 451 Noe street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
. Birth> marrlaee and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the Dublication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same . published.
BORN.
BIRO-In this city, September 25, 1901, to the
wife of Adolph A. Biro, a son.
GOW— In this city, Sentember 27, 1901, to the
wife of Captain Alexander Gow, a son.
WAGENER— In this city, September. 30, 1901.
to the wife of A. C. Wagener, a son.
WISBEY— In this city,* September 2, 1901, to
the wife of W. Wisbey. a eon.
MARRIED.
HAYNES— MASTERS— In this city, October 2,
1901, by the Rev. Philip Coombe, Edward
Haynes and Olive Masters, both of Sacra-
mento. California. No cards.
HANNAH— COLLEY— In this city, October 2,
1S01,- by the Rev. F. K. Baker, John M.
Hannah of Ketchlkan, Alaska, and . Clara
Colley of Sitka. Alaska.
KNOWLES— BARNES— In this city. October 1.
1901. at 43 Hill street, by the Rev. J. George
Gibson, Thomas B. Knowles and, Georgle M.
Barnes, both of San Francisco. ;
DIED./
Condon, Cornelius Hadler, Elizabeth.
Copley, Kiernan Johnson, Peter
Casassa, Theresa Kelly, Timothy i '
Elger, Munzel Cfffolter. Powell ;
Edwards, Edward Parker, Josenhine
EinsteJn. Ellen Proschold, Mary
Fitzgerald, Margaret Sorensen, Karen
Gente. [Rev. Emile - Sullivan, Mrs, Jane
Guignard, John M. Viehl, George
Herriman, Ada H. . Yearguy, Jacob
Hurton. Declan
CONDON— In this city, October 2, 1901, Cor-
nelius, beloved husband of the late Catherine
; Condon, ! father of Mary Ann, Cornelius, Ed-
ward and Stephen Condon, and brother of
Mrs. Nora Meany. a native of the city of
Cork, Ireland, aged 43 years 6 months and 27
days.
COPLEY— In this city, September 29, 1901.
Kiernan Copley, a native of Ireland, aged 69
years.
C?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re r
quiem mass will be celebrated for the. repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment National Cemetery, Presidio. .
CASASSA— In this city. October 1. 1901, The-
resa Casassa, beloved mother of Louis, Eme-
lla, Frank, Antone and George Casassa and
Mrs. J. • Musso, a native of Italy, aged 53
years. (Santa Rcsa papers please copy.)"
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 513A Union 'street. Interment
Italian Cemetery. N. B.— At 9:30 o'clock to-
day (Thursday) there will be celebrated a
solemn requiem high mass for the repose of
h«*'soul at Sts. Peter and Paul's (Italian)
Church, corner of Filbert and Dupont streets.
ELGER-rln this city. . October 1. 1901.. Munzel
Elger, a native of Austria, aged 70 year».
EDWARDS— In Oakland. October 1, 1901, Ed-
ward Edwards, beloved father of C. H. and
E. E. Edwards, Mn. A. Schad and G. L.
and F. S. Edwards, brother of Mrs. E. J.
Tayntor, and grandfather of Lloyd, Emille
and Grace Edwards 'and George and Lloyd
Schad, a native of New York City, aged 73
years. i ¦
EINSTEIN— In this city, October 2. 1901. Ellen,
beloved wife of Dan Einstein, a native of
' Illinois, aged 41 years 8 months and 2 days.
ITT' Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 422 O'Farrell street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
FITZGERALD—In this city, October 2, 1901,
Margaret Fitzgerald (nee Handerhan). be-
loved wife of William Fitzgerald, a native
of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 67 years. .
GENTE— In France. September 22. 1901, Rev.
Kmile Gente, S. M., formerly pastor of Notre
Dame des Victoires, a native of France,
a?ed 54 years 5 months and 22 days.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the solemn requiem
mass which will be offered for the repose of
his soul in Notre Dame des Victoires Church
to-day (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock.
GUIGNARD-^-In this city, October 1, 1901,
John M. A. Guignard, beloved father of
Henry and Gustave Gutenard, a native of
Switzerland, aged 80 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Julius -S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HERRIMAN— In Nome City, Alaska, Ada K.
Herriman. beloved wife of Albert H. Herri-
man, and mother of Frederick L., Mettle
and Edwin H. Herriman of Winterport, Me.
(Winterport, Belfast and Rockland papers
please copy.)
HURTON— In this city, October 1, 1901, De-
clan, infant son of Declan and May Hurton, '
a native of San Francisco, aged I"* day. .
HADLER— In this city, October 2, 1901, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of William T. Hadler.
mother of Lillie, Myrtle and Evelyn Hadler,
daughter of Mary and the late M. Gorman,
nnd sister of Henry and John Gorman. Mrs.
J Donohue and the late Mrs. J. Clark, a
native of Staten, Mass., aged 86 years 7
months and 6 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 126 Germanla avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requtem hieh mass
•will be celebrated for the repos? of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 2. 1901, Peter
Johnson, beloved husband of the late Nlco-
HENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposlte / Lincoln School. ¦ ¦
'Telephone South 80.
iY\t. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
¦ J. HENDERSON. Manager.
I Eugene McGinn. ¦ McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. ¦ San Francisco.
Mo Connection. " ]j^ t jjJL^"^-PJ th , e '; **° U8e -
' . , , B)M — ||M]|— imHUMJ— Mmiiiiinii-iii TTI-TO— ¦»
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. T«l. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
' Finest Equipment at -Moderate Rates. ¦*
JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with* McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral -fParlom at 2H Eddy st., bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
. NEW FIRM OF, UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
• McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Greon. late with J. C. O'Connor
& Cd., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 . Mission . street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44. . .
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
.. 'Point Lobo's ave.. S. F., Cal. _ ' '
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after -the first day or August, 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing • less .harmful • to the living: than the
ashee of their dead. "~
Permits to, cremate, will be Issued by the
Board of Health the ¦ same aa. heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
VB. O'PONNELL— AU who are rick and la ]
*.r'/.:< '.<r. tat!! Rnd consult th"> tproialist. My
r.ioCicir.<-: ; have 1--.cn n«6d Cor isany yefra l»y ,
¦Itousssfis; the tmrortur.cto helped: tcttMC i^ oil
<z.'ca tiik^n: Tho n:o*t obstinate i-ar.es \:z:c
K<-n r._'.;r.veJ fcy r.iy n-.coical trdlmcat; free
carfiucntSsl aSvie<» ca all enbjectj x>t a aeli- ;
ri.\? BSlcrc: all c'asccs of frnislp complaints |
treated: teYift to th? Ir.rjrest c:i£2.-?. DR. G. ,
\V. ODO.VNF.LL. I01S H.irLet ;.t.. o;>p. Fifth. ,
jJH?. SWEET. ;i rraJuoU' <>f the Royal Unl- '
o* I'-ertln; "! years' experience in
ir.'.kt' cccsplaists: utmost confidence can be
j-".;;cv<1 In V.tr: lsi'.ks UJeen before iiiiJ ourinft
ronfluenaeutj best of <-:ire: terms. $4 week;
confinements. $13. Indodlns 10 dajnr board: In-
isr.ts adopted. 3SC7 ISth st.: Mission-Ft. car.
THE urlslaaJ MRS. DAVIES. who has been in
bcflaes* here fee -j years, is etiil located at
3»'"S Started: maternity home provided; office
!iourr I« H.-ni. to 4 p- tr.. Ami C to f. :20 p. m.
SJES.' ».- WTETI1. TcTicVie ladies' racialist;
private beme l-vforc sr.d durinc confinement;
tcsioved irom Pott to <10 OTp.rrcll 6t.
MKP. D. ALU:X, HIS Market— Reliable la-
oies' fi>eria!;Et; :i p'iv. home bf-Corc an.l d;;r-
jrt; confinement ; best medical care; low tcs.
IIINT'OOHERU AND MRS. DAVIES' criminal
tn&ho4 of treatir.pru; raaternity hr.me; ho.-ae
in oorifin<^mcnt. ll^G Market Ft.. S. F.
Jins. r>H. GOODWIN. «he eminent Indies" spe-
cialist, baa returned from Europe; most m<.<l-
<rn method*; to years' experlcr.ee In S. F.:
Eroxnatfies to cure sll ferr.al» troubles; mater-
nity hnrpital: fee low. 90S Market it., cppl 4tn.
MRS. 1>. KOHL, latins' Fpoclaiist. cnn2:icmoct,
- retroved from Market ft. to 410 O'FcrreH st.
MISCISLLAXCOLS — l-'OR SALE.
ISOXIJCKS. <?«eine«. rd-hani machinery?"' Mc-
tXTOSa & V.CLP2VIAX. iJG-157 Kicrncnt Et.
BAMS. Lack bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
k«>r tables, barren chairs, linoleum, new an4
*eeoad-fcsad; we ilvm ha\c *>. large Ftock of
*.-ioo:: outf.i? on ha::a; 22 coicpiete feutflt* on
one floor, rca^y mr.do; sie can ship fcverythinu
Jn U hours. 3. NOOXAN. 1017, 1019. 1?2L 10Z3
I M:sr;on St.. above frixth; writ: for catalogue.
G re r he phones. Phonographs. Gratr.cr'ionce. $5 to
SU': easy terins; chliarcn's toy gr&pbophone*.
fl JO; id-han<l Phonographs, Gramophones very
cr:eap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Gear;-.
A— BL'l'f. sells cr rents sear, machinery, en-
pints, boilers, watc-r ripes, chaffing, pulleys.
f-c. WHITKLAY.-. 2ZZ-Z", £;iear Et.
JX5T.CLC cylinder friction dram hoist nn<!
b?:U-r: nearly new; |UQ, H. S. WHITE, bl'i
Mission st.
FITv?T-CLASS eccond-hand modern engines anS
Idlers bought ar.d scid. KROGII JiFG. CO..
f-17 Stevenson et.. near First.
BIO prices r>a'.d fcr sealskins, full dress and
Tuxedo Fuits. Portland Loan Cff.ce. 15 Stock-
ton st. v
CAEH register fHallwoodj; brand new; J55;
j eduction. Arpiy H. F. ALLEN, S3 Califor-
nia st.
JS01 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
End others: Id-hand bicycles; cheap: send
for list. LEAVITT *• BILL. 309 Larkin st.
FINE suits, lift: dress pants. $2 T5. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomen- Bt.
A— fS "0 DERBY and Fer»ra hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st., near Pine.
A NO. 1 frrsh young Durham cow; calf S days;
gentle; rich milk. S3 ?hotwell tt.
BEACTTFCX Ec-fh collie <1oz for 6ale; owner
puinp East: ladiefe' dog. 724 Eddy St.
S-HORSE electric motor in first-class condl-
_ tion: $:;. HORWiySKI BKOS.. 424 Sansome.
ONE horse-power AVestinghouse motor, trood
es new. $65. Standard Laundry. 114 HayeS Et.
JETELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FERSKTAND. 126 Kearny St., room 29.
P.EGINA music box. almost new, cost $65; will
take «2E. 23 Fifth St.
ONE frictior hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
H. £. "WHITE, 51« Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and £d-hand moving pic-
tures. Bt'LLAP.D & BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new & 2d-han<I.
md ir.ur.ches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission Et.
BAFES— Kew and second-hand. THE HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento et. —
I'HOTO bargain list No! 17 now ready for
mailing. 10S Montgomery st.
I i5AR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERPT. £21 Mission Et.
ENGINES and boilers; second-band, machinery.
J. BURKE. 129 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS 1 10-ton hay scale'; Jeweler's Eteel
'¦intrc ssfo. perfect order. 216 California st.
ttlSCBIXJUriSOCS WANTS.
WANTED— Gentle »ony in exch. for new bi-
cycle cr would purchase. 616 Sacramento »t-
WAXTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. T.HITEHEAD, 1706 Market Et.
TILT ON want? jrood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Sth st. ; tel. Foisom 25221
3IOXEY TO LOAS.
A A-MlxHATTAsToAircOMPAST! ~
fcsuo.uiu at c per ceat in suras to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
jr.ortga.ges. life insurance & securities. Loans
en unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any ol above securities. Tel. Red SC24. 1IAA'-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT S PER CENT. ~
First, second and third mortgages
Vrdivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
B. McCOLGAN
24. Montcomery st.. room 3
HERMAN MUKPHY, C03 Examiner building—
S5.CCu.OUO at t'.- or less :n !ar£e sums; loans
on second mortKaffes, estates, etc.; financial
> problems cf all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
cee HERMAN MURPHY. 60S Examraer bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flrst,
eecond mortgages, estates ia probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interests, cornorction loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE K. OLSEN.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests: chat-
tel mortgage*, ttc. D. J. HALLORAX.
Adams buiidxr.g, 206 Kearny et.. room 214.
.RELIABLE corporation, established ISC proper
I place to. borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
i pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
* Grant ave.. near Market et.: tel. Black 547L
HIGHLY resDectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
«•« rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 816 Market
»t ; tel. Main 1C44, Branch 19 Third et.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary s,t. ; phone Red 1C03.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or oianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Kc-cker & Co.. IS Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people Qn note wlth-
cut lndorser or on inortsae*« at € per cent per
anr.um. MORRELL, 6fa9 Examiner building.
LOWEST :f-.'.'ts on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no rcmyval: no commission; confiden—
Hal. Room Z, Conservators' bids., 301 Jones.
ON* furniture, pianos; no removal; money
Quick: lowest interest; easy terms; no brok«r-
oge; reliable ;.arty. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
MONEY loaned falarif-d people without eecur-
ity. Hill, r. U. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
J", on furniture anl pianos; J13 up: no removal;
no commission; pmate. Room El. 6 Eddy Bt.
ON furniture, piano?; lowest rate; no removal;
etrictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a ir.onth on each
_ ?:P0u; any security. Z'rl Montgomery et.. r. L
IF you want a home I win j O an vou raon«-y to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 'J2J Sansome it-
THE TOUELEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. Zil Porrott building.
ON fsJarif-s or uapes; ao in<3or?er recuired. 8.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. I<; Pi^laa builtJlng.
LOANH ir.or.ey on talary; no iniorser: Eastern
? plan. Western Lr.an Co.. ?(.O Ph«-!an b'.dg.
5IXS1CAL XXSTKVMEXTSI
ALL pianos purchased cf SHERMAN. CLAT~&;
CO. tr.j.y \,t tXcbsaetA I'jT a. rnw Stem way
upridu or Lsby K'.-d pi^no any tin* within
2 ye*u"s irom <iu.x~. vt j:urchiee. and have full
price allowed. :icw unrurLt piaucs, tt p=r
tncnih; scnic good plane* nU 'or S3, $4 and
Ji Jicr month. .SJ1EK1IAX. CLAY & CO.,
Kteirway <2'_-a!ers. corner Kearny and gutter
n«.. Gen Pnmctyjw; coreer 'Broadway and
__Thlrte«iH!i i.t.. Oakland.
A BAUMEIi-TEIi rlano gives you more lor the
money than injr other. They are flrit class
'.n everything except price. You can yre one
£ years and then exchange for a Decker if
you ivij-h v.-Ithout Josinjr a cent. TVe have
some choice L>..rsain>= in tecend-hand ar.d new
ir.Mrumrr.tK. THE ZE.NO MAUVAIS MUSIC
•_i Ci> Markct rt.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN' HUNTERS-
tv?cond-har.-l uprieht uianoa from tZS up.
Eyuarc piano, from $iO up.
fc'-<;r'r:<i-!ia.r.d organs Irorr. V~~> up; new, up-
ri£K Planes from SKi isp. UENJ. CURTaZ
ft .SOX, JC to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerln/, Ma-
-_ £°. n ._ * ia ""'*'"• Vcse. StcrMnz t,?anc*.
AAMT iii^r.j EO i,j us taken back jiziy Urr.e
witjiju 3 years and full purchafcC* trice al-
i-v-ea on a new peerless K.s:ab» at reguUr
|wid»; cost* you only 20c a day to buy a
j-':;:r iU irom m«. JCOHLES a ' CHASE. £i)
-Milii 1 '.'" 11 *'¦'¦ *£'ab;igh*d IS5C.
i.LL h:the*t grades- eV.d ».y~Ilrlrr Piano Co..
• at aitnts for lanious aii'i uWttt Ar.i'-.icju
l.akti. inctadJtuc Ba!!st>vavJaj fereat bs>r-
[¦. D ' n £$-2?! W Btelawjiy. ?:•;:, Dp; richer.
trreat inducements to ageats. 2i7 Gear}- »t
¦*£•**«=«. Prroa lia-izy. Lester . Hamilton,
jff.e.irar.n pianos. Hi Tost £L
I ;y.MCSTCA.l« INSTRUMENTS — Con. .
I A SMALL Weber upright. 5123; elegant walnut
car?. Knabe upright, almost ner.-; *Iso Stock.,
oak case: llardman square. $13: organ*. >""i
up. BOV»"EKS .& RON. 23 Fifth St., 1VEKS
& PONT) and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FIH.M'3 failure to realizs on account of
1 strike has placed two carloads of high-srado
1 ¦ piano;; in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
; tory j-iricts: *"-<-ond-han«i pinnos for a sons-
•i WTLSOXT STORAGE, T706 Market st.
I PIANOS— The most modern and up to date;
j Stcck. Evtrett. Conover. Packard, Ludr.is.
I Hardman r>.nd many others: wholesale nnd re-
s' tail. The WJIejr B All«-n Co.. 9Z3 Market Dt..
! S. F. ; (Branch Store, 351 Dread way. Oakland).
I ACCOUNT 'aeparture, c'.cgant grand upright
i piano lor one-third value; fine carved case;
| standard make. SC03 Sixteenth ft.
LARGE cabinet grand uprijcht piano: gr«at
sacrifice; party leaving. 40$ Golden Gate ave.
1553 PIANO, nearly new. for $£23; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood j)ldg.
GOOD v?coiiil-hana «pr:clit for »ale cheap.
KCHMITZ. 1C aicAllister et.
LEFT on sale— Ahtisell large uorit;ht. $126;
fiteinway. 51C5. 217 Geary tt, room So. '
VjD— Emerson and 7 barsaln uprights ar.<*. baby
cr-sipd- Fay's Piano Factory. 172? MisEijn.
ELIXAST piano as. food as new; »tnn.lai-l
Kiske: a racrifice. Hornung's, 211 MeA'Hstar.
AT KEEFFE'S. 32 Turk ft.. n?ar Market—
Phonlnger. gchubcrt r.i;d Stflnvray bargains.
477. AND up-s-srd— Fine i;rri£ht3. PIEKCE'S
P!.-.no Facix-ry. Marhet. Hth and Church st3.
A HPFCIAL for this neck— $190 piano fcr 5273.
BP.UEXX. IPS Pest »t.
ELEGANT :ie-w uprTtht piano* for rent. $3 per
mo. FCOTT-CUE7AZ Piano Co.. SCO Hayes.
SrPElTion vlc'.ir.F, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLT'It. render, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LAItGE new corner store: fine locality for drug
ftor?. Cor. Folscm r.r.d Thirteenth Et. ; also
t e">es?.r.t 7-room f.ats above.
1O Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate. 53x63 fe*t;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. CO* Mlsslnn «.
OIL.
OIL tanks. Eecond-hnnd, In {rood order: all
sixes: rhran. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission Ft.
J'Al.NTKitS AM) UKCUIIATOUS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartrcanr. Pa'.nt Co.. 313 3d; tel. Red 3521.
ROOMS paporcd, decorated, v-rhltened, painting.
J. C. Romalne. 610 G. G. aye.; ph. Polk 1423.
• FAUOSTBT.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, ' scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bel. Oeary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PAKTJfEUS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted — German couple preferred
or woman; must know German and French
cooking; first-class family dining-room; ref-
erneces exchanged. Address box 605. Call.
KEKSOAALS.
TKE Stsr Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color;
stop falling, cure dandruff, erow new hair;
not a dye: no etain, grease or oil. At drug-
girts", hairdressers' or our office, 3S5 Geary st.,
S. F. The Star Remedy Co., phone Black'48D5.
INDIAN baskets Indian relics, curios and an-
• tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
Et.. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on In-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket Et.. ' between Seventh and Eighth.
MIDDLE-AGED - gentleman wishes the ac-
quaintance of a middle-aged German or Eng-
lish woman; object, matrimony. Address H.
W. JOHNSON. 564% Howard st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs. Eilk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in bank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sclatici, neuralgia or gout; price
J2 60 per bottle. For circulars. Pinus Med.
Co.. 7S4 Valencia et.. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR, birth marks, moles removed forever
without oain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, 3i98
Eighteenth St.. cor. Guerrero.
DO you write- adsT Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbus,
Ohio. - __f
ONLY one price for all styles of hair dressing.
25c; good switches, $1. G. LEDERER, 123
Stockton et.
WHITE enamel iron beds^ single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Et., near Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore, S32 O'Farrell: send for circular.
SCO MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
XEUHAUS & CO., tailors, 115 Kearny st.
FACIAL massage; Hydro- Vacu treatment; elec-
trolysis. Mrs. Dunlap's Parlors. 34 Kearny. st.
STOP that "coueh" — Callfornian Lung Balsam
will do It: all druggists; phone Pine 23S6.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; £0c
per eallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
ANY case rheumatism cured under guarantee.
Call on doctor, r. 604 Parrott bldg.. or write.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter St.
CBEPIfY cured; no dieting; no weakening. THE
A' VfDA CO.. 736 Valencia st. bet. ISth and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTETS French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suit?. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing: Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD FTOld, Ellver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. B. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN &. CO.. 733 Mkt.
TLAXIXG AXD TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planinp. Shaping
and Sawlr.g. CARL F. HAAS. 93 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
lWl'/i Market et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; geo
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-768 Clay ei.*; see testimonials at office.
DR. KG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opp.
Union square; all, diseases cured by herbs. '
PROPERTY WAXTED.
CHEAP Improved property, wanted for cash
buyers/ A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market tt.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
. $300 to $9M— Bargains in "Sunset" lots; all
graded; elegant view; $10 monthly.
$100 to $>0C— Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots.
$73. $100 to $255— Unexcelled bargains; near
Mlsslon-st. cars; $5 monthly.
$100 to $JCC— Cheapest and best Richmond loU;
very easy terms.
I $1000. J13C0 to $J000— s-ulendid eottares. Rich-
mond. Sunset and Mission; easy terms.
$5000- : -Cnolco corner In SliKlon; great bar-
gala; 5Cx;00, with new store and flat; rent $40.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave.. near H st.
SOL GSTZ & BRO.,
54 Chronicle building.
CHEAP business corasr; SE Filbert and
1'ierce etc.; a good corner, to lmprbvo with
fjrocCry and fluts, and v/ill pay big interest;
eize S<xS2:G:. street work all done; Filbm is
bitumlnlzed; a few steps only from Union et.
cars; $23S0: easy terms; $100 first payment.
W. J. CUNN. SiO California st. .
A PROPERTY. Improved or vacant, en V«Jen-
cia. Ml»sl«n or Howard, with a frontage of
. eboet 73 feet, wanted to purchase. W. ¦ J.
j GUNN, ECO California st.
FLATS or a nice dwelling that is In good con-
dition and with modern lmprovemrnts want-'
cd to purchase for the income; Mission or
Western Addition. W. J. GUNN, 530 Cali-
fornia st
RESIDENCE wanted to purchase in the West-
ern Addition. vjCEt of Vaa-Nees ave. W. j.
GUNN. S20 California et. . .
A NEW, clesrant colonial house of 6 rooms,
bath, reception hall basement, large yard;
this in en unoqualfcd opportunity to secure a
htautiful l-.ome £t *a. modeiatc cost by ea.-y
payro^nts; must be seen to be appreciated; on
Cole si., 2 blocks from Park; lot £5x125; no
afcet:!-. Eos 823. Call office.
U1X. .-c-Vc-n and dgUt room cottages: also two
flat liouscs In hloci: between 17th, ISth, Castro
«nd Noe t-ts. ; »4 cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
, EON. builder,
j HEAL ESTATF. — CITY — KOtt SALE.
u:,scc-cost over $n.;oo. j
Xc. 2721 Pacific ave.. near Scott st. •
First floor— Larse veccDtlon hall, drawing-
room, ui:)!ns-room finished in oa!;, - batter's
pantry. bros.kfa£t-room and kitchen. Second
Ilooi — t lcir.e Ledroor.is. £ baths, linen closet.
' Attic— JUi.-ve billiard-room. S bedrooms and
.bath. liucmcat — Furnace-room. • v.ii;eroom.
I l&uadiTi - ttcrsrooms. . Lot -7^127 :SU ft.
j ¦ . _ ¦ -
JC-O.Cft) TO invest in lncomc-bcarlns property;
must be a bargain. ¦
I THE PHCLP3 LEWIS CO..
' 702 Market st.
NEW house 1 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
I terms: west /rontaKO: BUtt n.1! day; largp yard;
j basement ;' r.ear ccr. Waller and Etelner.
j GEO. I-I. MOORE. G3 Portola st.
' LOT for sale— Thirty-ninth ave.. . Sunset dis-
I trlct; J30; owner golngr East. Ill California av.
: WELL-BUILT modern 7-rooni residence, with
bath: 2 blocks from p->"k. Inquire 660 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
1C puses, in wrapper for mailing. 51 per year.
ItKAJL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
ai?ction~sale!
Fresno Loan and Savings Bank (in liquida-
tion) will tell Its 4-story brick building and 75
I pieces of city and country real estate at pup-
ils auction, without reserve, at Fresno, Cal.,
Monday. October 7. 1901.
Lists containing details, etc.. can bo ob-
tained at office of Bank Commissioners. 530
California st., cr by addressing the bank at
Fresnp. Cal. •
J FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—^
Small tracts. $00 to S30 per acre, on Rancho
j Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
I Ean Francisco is proiviry? rapidly; location
! best fcr poultry and general farming, j Apply
j ' to The Cotati Co., 302 California st., for pam-
| pblets and information.
I FOIi bararalns in timber land, fruit ranches,
I suburban lits. farms, all through the State;
! also larpe list! of desirable city sites. See
__The Phelps Lewis Co.. 702 Market st.
A— IF ycu want to buy. sell or exchange city
cr country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIX. 719 Mrket st., S. F., office near Call big.
if WANTED— A ranch In Sonoma or Xa.pa coun-
ty for Oakland property. Apply at 1010 Broad-
way. Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO.
?*.-.00-ilMPnOVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
1 ; Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
} CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for .list.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Markgt.
I POULTRY nnd dairy ranches for sale; write for
j free list. C. R. WIXFIELD. Petalurea. Cal.
j CHEAPEST~ar.d best in America— The Weekly
j Cnll, IS paces, sent to any address in the
] UnUed States or Canada one year for 11.
RUPTURE SA>"ITAK1UM7~"
mJNT£ir5~RUPTURE^SANITARIUM. 1206
Market: treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as Rood as the new dcuble lever rupture holder.
j ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
J COMPLETE homes and large lots, $2S00; bIx-
I room cottape: $3000, — rooms; $3300, S rooms.
{ J. H. YOUXG, builder. 1243 Park St.. Ala-
I m?da.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: *A cash. Bank of Ala.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
BERKELEi ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE,
5-ROOM cottage:- good location; convenient to
schools, stores and stations; price $1250. $150
cash, balance same as rent. Home Realty
Co.. successors to OELLERICH & PER-
I KIXS, Lorin. Office open Sundays.
BARGAIX— $1000; 4-room cottage; hard finish;
lot 50x135; chicken houses, good well, water,
all fenced and cross-fenced; 3 blocks to sta-
tion and stores; $150 cash, balance same as
rent. Home Realty Co., successors to OELL-
ERICH & PERKIXS. Lorin. Office open
Sundays.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$450 CASH, ?17 50 month— Sunshine cottage of 6
rooms and bath; everything up to date; sani-
, tary plumbing; trees, flowers and vines In
porfuslon; fine kept grounds; away from raw
winds and fogs; grand view; the Eden part
- of Oakland, adjoining East Oakland; price
all told, 52450; call or send for circulars, 455
¦ Seventh St.. opposite Broadway station. Oak-
land ; carriage free. H. Z. Jones, Land Owner.
FOR sale— Corner lot, 100x135; 6-roomed house;
large barn; beautiful garden. Thirty-fourth
and Linden sts., San Pablo ave. cars pass the
door. See owner on premises.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
I.I ¦¦ =
| OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
9-ROOM. furnished house near narrow gauge
depot. Apply 1258 Harrison St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES.
FOR Sale— Beautiful 5-room cottage; bath,
basement; take 16th-at. cars. 1464 Filbert st.
OAKLAND FUKXITUItE FOK SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture deaTfer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.'
ROOMS^FOK HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 007—2 fine front housekeeping rooms,
$15; also single rooms.
CASTRO. 429, near 17th, rear— 2 sunny unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; large yard; cheap.
CHESTNUT, m (Xorth Beach)— Furn. rooms"
housekeeping; cheap; fine view; sun; quiet.
EDDY, 743—2 front connecting rooms; gaa
Etove; large closets; phone. ' \
FIFTH, 348— A suite of rooms, furnished -for
housekeeping:: cheap.
FIFTH, S53— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $20; also single, $4, $3 and up.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas. bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 728— One single room, $6 per month;
1 large housekeeping room, complete.
McALLISTER, 338— Nicely furnished rooms;
bath; gaa range; $12.
MINNA, 172—2 large, sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; stove and sink; reasonable.
MIXXA, 573— One large sunny room back room;
all complete; yard; $7.
OAK, 119—2 parlors, furnished for heavy house-
keeping, $16; 2 basement, $10; single, $7; yard.
OAK. 125— Two nicely furnished rooms ¦ for
I housekeeping, $10.
j FIERCE, 47, -below Waller— 2 or 3 sunny fur-:
I nlshed housekeeping rooms; gas stove, pri-
vate bath and toilet; very desirable.
THE WIXFIELD. 223A Leavenworth— Front
suite with kitchen. ' , - . .
WILLOW ave., 10, off Larkin. near Eddy— 2
furnished rooms, complete hskpg; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore gt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons ha* been established at 1036
Valencia tt. -
HOOMS TO LET — -Fnrn. nail Pnfnrn.
*A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth-Raoms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to %Z per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all ngiht.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
gi-IH attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; taka McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 245 .Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week. . ¦¦
A NICE sunny eul'.«; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
DURN1STT, K2t> Market (old No.. 1364)— Fur-
nished mis., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 5J0 — Very desirable suits;" also mingle;
quiet and homelike.
CLAY,. 1323, near Hyde— Large sunny furnished
room, with use of bath.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis,- corner Uiion- Elrsantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. Ht^-Elegant furnished back parlor,
suitable for man and wife or 3 gentlemen.
EDDY. 724-*Fi n <5 furnished room suitable for
two eentlemN^, rrlfhout board. ¦
ELLIS, 310— Newly furnished rooms; private
family.
EUGENE, 255 O'Farrell— New house, fireproof;
new furniture: electric elevator;- 20 • private
fcultc with bath: baths free; lirst-clsisa.
FOR RENT— 7 rooms; furniture of came for
sale. 333 Halght tt. •
! FULTON. 303 — 3 unfurnished sunny front,
j rooms; bath.
j GEARY, 403, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
1 '6U1US and einsle; travelers accommedited.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WB GHIRARHFIIlft *
Made right here ; better, cheaper and
fresher than imported.
Dissolves immediately-— no boiling
required.- Digests easily.
Strengthens, nourishes and soothes
nervous temperaments.
Guaranteed to be absolutely pure.
Costs less than one cent per cup.
I lb. net weight cans 65c
lb. net weight cans 35c
Illustrated cook books, napkins and
sample cans free.
Served afternoons first and second
week October.
043 Market St, bet. 7 & 8 Sts. Tel. Mint 761
lena Johnson, and father of Mrs. Marie C.
Williams, aged 72 years. .
KELLY— In this city, October 2. 1901. Timothy,
beloved husband of the late Sarah Kelly, and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. F. G. Williams.
Mrs. H. A. Miers, Mrs. William Parquer and
William Kelly, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 67 years.
6^7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
October 5, at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2310 Sacramento street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
hlsh mass will be celebrated for the repesa
of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OFFOLTER— In this city, October 2. 1901,
Powell Oftolter, . a native of Sweden.
CyRemains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking: Company, 2479 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
PARKER— In this city, October 2. 1901. Jo-
sephine A., beloved -wife of Edward A.
Parker, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years. , .
PROSCHOLD— In this city. October 2. 1901. at
her residence, 1847 Union street, Mary
Prcachold, beloved wife of Charles Froschold.
• and mother of Mrs. J. Muhlbach and G. W..
Edwin M. and Dr. N. Proschold, a native of
Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 71 years 4
months and 22 days.
SORENSEN— In this city, October- 1, 1901..
Karen Sorensen. sister of Mrs. Captain B:
H. Madison, a native of Denmark, aged 75
years 11 months and 28 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), -at 2 o'clock, from the Third
Congregational Church. Fifteenth street, be-
tween Mission and Valencia. Interment pri-
vate: . ,
SULLIVAN-In Napa, October 2, 1S01, Mrs.
Jane Sullivan, mother of Charles A. Jackson
and Matthew O.. David and J. W. Sullivan
and Mrs. Charles Riddle and Mrs. N. O.
Smith of Lakeport. a native of Scotland,
aged 71 years and 9 months.
(ETRemains at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter. J
VIEHL— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 2, 1901, George Viehl, a native of Ger-
many, a ied 62 years.
YEARGUY-In the City and County Hospital.
October 2, 1901, Jacob Yearguy, a» native of
Pennsylvania, aged 51 years.
-^ CARD OF THANKS.
We de.sire to thank our many friends and
acquaintances and the gentlemen from the
Fire Department who so kindly sympathized
with us in our late bereavement in the loss
of our beloved son and brother. Edward J.
Shaughnessy. FATHER AND SONS.
JShanahan Florist Co.
K - y ./VRTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable \
107 POWELL ST.NtA«ELUS SS5T50S6San Mateo Wants a High School.
SAN MATEO, Oct. 2.— San*Mateo may
soon .boast of a high school. A petition is
now in circulation askinpr the Supervisors
to call" an election In this district for the
purpose and., is being very generally
signed.
Hart came to Shelby vllle from Lebanon,
Ohio, and at .the time of his death was
employed as a f printer on the Shelby Sen
tinel. The details of his death are not
accurately known.- but it Is conceded to
be a fact that Fields and Garnett were
his murderers: " " ¦ " ',
SHELBYVILLE, Ky., Oct. 2.— Jim
Fields, aged 16, years, and Clarence Gar
nett, aged 18, both colored, were lynched
here at 2 o'clock this morning for the al
leged murder cf Willie Hart, a printer,
who was stoned to death on the night of
Saturday, September 21 last.
The negroes were taken from the jail
and swung from the Chesapeake and Ohio
Railroad trestle just beyond the ddpot and
within 500 yards of the jail. The mob's
work was done quietly and quickly.
About 1:30 o'clock this morning the mob
appeared at the jail and demanded the
keys, but the jailer refused to surrender
them. The doors were then battered down.
The prisoners were removed and a few
minutes later were hanging from the tres
tle. .-- - . . -.
Alleged Murderers Are
Swung From Trestle
in Kentucky. .
MOB LYNCHES
NEGRO BOYS
Go where you will the best saloons sell Jesse
Moore Whiskey. . , •
DESMOINES, Iowa, Oct. 2.— Fully 600
delegates from all -parts .of -the country
attended the opening meeting of the sixth
annual session of the 1 National Grain
Dealers' Association in this city to-day.
National Grain Dealers Meet.
William McMillan, a recent arrival from
Pennsylvania, was arrested by Policeman
Ottsen early yesterday ; morning j and
locked up in the insane . department of.
the" Emergency Hospital pending exam
ination before the Insanity Commission
ers. McMillan, who. says that he was
robbed of $800, was running over the roofs
of some dwellings on Polk street In pur
suit of imaginary thieves when Ottsen's
attention was called to/him. -° Ottsen cap
tured him after a struggle and experi
enced considerable difficulty In getting
him down off the roofs. .
Insane Man Takes to the Housetops.
MONTREAL, Que., Oct. / 2.— At the
annual meeting of the shareholders of. the
Canadian Pacific Railway Company it
was decided to make a, new bond issue of
$480,000. It was also decided to purchase
the Pacific Navigation Company, which
controls fourteen steamers, to build three
new steamers, one for the upper lakes,
one for the coast traffic and one for the
Empress line, and to establish a pension
fund of a quarter of a million dollars for
the benefit of their employes.
Canadian Pacific Improvements.
Quickly to join the Southern Pacific spe
cial train excursion Saturday morning (8
a. m.) next to Lake Tahoe. $8 50 and tick
ets" good eight days. Time presses; reg
ister to-day at 613 Market street to join
the finest excursion of the year.
This Thursday > Morning 1 * Make . Up
Your Mind
e
Other Tableaux at the Carnival of
Ancient and Modern Art Elicit
Warm Praise. •
The first rendering of "The Marsellalse"
by Roget de L'Isle formed the subject of
a tableau at the carnival, of ancient
and modern art in Native Sons' Hall last
evening. It was French night at the car
nival, and the French Consul and the
presidents of nearly all the French socie
ties in San Francisco were present In
honor of the occasion. The tableau of
"The Marsellaise" called forth lively ap
plause from the representatives of all na
tions. Altogether the mood of the French
Americans- was patriotic, and they did
not stint their manifestations of approval.
There were other tableaux. One was
from a painting by Jacques. Louis David,
"The Crowning of Josephine." There was
also one based upon a poem by Racine,
"Athalle." The band of the Jewish Or
phan Asylum supplied the music.
Headed by the Goddess of Liberty and
Uncle Sam and Columbia, the costumed
chiefs of the booths and their forces of
assistants • joined in the grand march.'
There has not been a more successful
evening since the opening of the carni
val. Including this evening . there are
three more nights of the carnival. " The
Germans have the honors to-night. The
tableaux will represent scenes from "Loh
engrin," "Faust" and "William Tell."
Miss A. Barkduli, Mrs. S. Braverman and
Dr. Anna Joost, the presidents of the
German booths, .will preside over • the
tableaux. "Germania" will be represented
by Dr. Anna Joost in the grand march.
To-morrow evening will be Irish night,
and Saturday evening will be devoted to
Italian tableaux. The carnival is fully
realizing the expectations of the "man
agers of the Women's Educational and
Industrial Association, for the benefit of
which it is given. • ¦
PATRIOTIC FRENCHMEN"
APPLATTO "MARSEILLAISE"
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency' were filed yes
terday In the United States District Court
as follows: E. J. Emart, farmer, Santa
Crux County, liabilities ' $2577, no assets;
George W. 'Watson, miner. Angels Camp,
liabilities $704 05, no assets; Edgar Wright
teamster, Murphys, liabilities $1010 61, no
assets.
The visiting Episcopalians in this city
saw about the greater part of the rain of
yesterday. There were slight dashes as
far ncrth as Red Bluff, in the interior, but
there was none at Eureka and northward
on the coast. Nor was there any at
Fresno. Light showers fell in this citv,
at Santa Cruz and at Tres Plnos and near
by points. Mr. McAdie says that the
meteorological. conditions existing yester
day were exceptional for this time of the
year. Ordinarily, with a low east
of the Rocky Mountains and the barom
eter making the records that the Weather
Bureau had to- credit to it officially, there
would have been a southeast storm ex
tending to Los Angeles and San Diego
but there was no precipitation at either
of those points. Yesterday afternoon the
flags of the city floated toward the east
signifying the coming of the west wind
and presaging clear weather for to-day
The barometer rose and was high. Mr.
McAdie looks for good weather to-day.
Weather Promises Well for To-Day.
A Debutante's Correspondence
Is frequently as voluminous as that of an
author. Our latest shipment of "Peau
d'Antilope," "Carrara Marmol" and
"Linen Lawn" writing paper comprises
the newest and most fashionable sizes and
finishes. Monogram dies made and paper
stamped. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
On May 27, the witness said, he went to
Wilson's office to see about a bond being
put up by Wilson in the appeal case, and
they quarreled. He alleged that Wilson
threatened to throw him out of his of
fice, arid when he was leaving he stum
bled and fell and Wilson seized a chair
with which to strike him. Being afraid
of his life he shot Wilson. His cross-ex
amination will go on to-day.
A number of witnesses were called to
testify to the defendant's reputation in
the community and as to Wilson's repu
tation. Among the latter was Attorney
E. S. Pillsbury and Joseph Hayes of the
Recorder's office, who testified that Wil
eon's reputation was bad.
The trial of Patrick Clancy, special of
ficer, on the charge of murdering Attor
ney J. N. E. Wilson on May 27 last, was
continued before a Jury In Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday. Clancy testlfie'd in his
own behalf. He told of his employing
Wilson to look after his interests in the
estate left by his wife, and claimed that
Wiison had neglected his Interests und
dragged the case along until the home at
540 Sanchez street, left by his wife, was
lost to him.
Claims That Attorney Wilson At
tacked Him Before He Fired
th.e Fatal Shot.
CLANCY TESTIFIES
IN HIS OWN" BEHALF
• PETALUMA, Oct. 2.— The State Grange
resumed its labors to-day, with 275 ac
credited delegates and alternates in at
tendance. This is the largest number that
has yet been present at a State Grange
meeting. •
To-day work In the fourth degree was
performed, and the business sessions were
devoted to reports of committees and from
subordinate granges. Deputy State Or
fanizer WInans and Organizers Leigh of
an Joaquin County and Greer of Sacra
mento submitted their annual reports. In
the forenoon a review of women's work
was taken up and papers were read by
Mrs. Worthen, Mrs. Fowler, Mrs. Dewey
Mrs. Emery, Miss Cross and Miss Glen
denning 1 . The subjects dealt with the po
sition of woman at home, in business and
in the Grange.
A resolution was offered by Past Master
Johnston recommending the appointment
to places on the State Board of Agricul
ture of men only who have practiced
farming.
To-night a drill was given by the ladies
of the Healdsburg and San Jase teams.
To-morrow regular business will be re
sumed, and in the evening there will be
a reception and ball. On Friday the elec
tion of officers will take place.
The delegates who are in attendance at
the session are as follows:
Alhambra — H. C. Raaf and wife.
American — G. O. Yost and wife Annie T
Briggs.
...Bennett Valley— Peter Adams and wife.
Castorla— M. P. Matthews and wife, B. W
Salmon and wife.
'.'Central— Allen Davidson.
." Danville — S. F. Ramage and wife, R. O.
Baldwin and wife.
Eden— Mr. and Mrs. Horton, Julius Holllster.
Elk Grove— L. S. Dart and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. Bader. -' * •< "
El :Verano— J.. S. Dowdall and wife.
Enterprise— A. Howard, Miss Leona Gunter.
Fair- Oaks— Elma Chase.'
Geyserville— W. V. Griffith and wife, A. P.
Moore .and wife.'.
Glen Ellen— James W. Gibson and wife.
•Lincoln— H. F. Tuch and wife, L. B. Husted
and; wife. . • •
Los Gatos— H. S. Erwin and wife. - '
' Plumas— C. de Harvey. .
Magnolia— Robert Elder and wife, Gertrude
and.E. C. Hlggins. ;.
Napa— A. W. Robinson and wife, J. J. Swift
and' wife. . .'
-Pescadero— B. Hayward and wife, Mrs. M. A.
Chandler. . '
" Petaluma-^-C. D. Grover ;and wife, D. N.
Alexander and wife. ' ' •
Pope Valley— W. W. Cof field and wife, E. B.
Wright and wife.
Progressive— George Farmer, D. P. Cullelm
and - wife. ..
• Oakland— C. W. Emery and wife, D. T. Fow
ler and :wlfe. . : -
Rosevllle— J. D. Gould and wife, A. E.
Farnham and wife.
Sacramento— John Schell and wife, J. H.
Haydenand wife. .
San Jose— J. G. Glendenning and wife, S. P.
Sanders and wife.
Santa Rosa— G. "W. Conners and wife, S. T.
Coulter and wife. • •¦> . •
Sebastopol— E. E. Miller.
Selma— J. J. Roadhouse and wife. ¦
Stockton— W. L. Overhiser : and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. Root. ¦ • ¦•
Two Rocks— S. G. Kins and wife, r E. S. Stice
and wife. - -
Watsonvllle— G. "W. Rowe ' and wife, W. S.'
Strove and wife. ' \ ' :\-
Sonoma Pomona— Henry Johnson and wife,
G. N. Whittaker and wife.
Sacramento Pomona— E. Green and wife,.
Hetty A. Dunn. '
I San Joaquin Pomona— J. S. Beecher.
Special Dispatch- to The Call.
Attendance at Petaluma
Largest in Order's
History.
GRANGE OFFICERS
SUBMIT REPORTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOULDER, Colo., Oct. 2.— Lyman J.
Gage, Secretary of- the Treasury, arrived
In this city this morning and left for
Camp Talcott, the home of Colonel Bray
nerd, on Left Hand Creek, near Ward,
where Secretary Gage owns the mines.
"Do you anticipate any changes in the
Cabinet, Mr. Gage?" was asked.
"Well, Secretary riay is getting tired of
the business," said Mr. Gage. "He is a
man of the strictest honor. He is very
sensitive, however, and it hurts him after
he has worked hard to be misrepresented,
cartooned and lampooned. He is inde
pendently rich. He can do as he wishes,
go wherever he desires. He has a very
few intimate friends and would rather en
joy life surrounded by these friends and
his books than to attend to the very tire
some and endless routine of the office of
Secretary of State. I should not be sur
prised if he should soon withdraw. If so,
Mr. Root will take his place in all proba
bility."
The Two Last Buffalo Excursion Days
Are to-day and to-morrow. Tickets over
the best routes at Southern Pacific office,
613 Market street.
Steamship Founders Near Port.
KINGSTON, Ont., Oct. 2.— The steamer
Richelieu, owned by the Rlchelleu-On
tario Navigation Company and engaged
on the route between Kingston and Belle
ville, foundered to-day while bound for
this city. -She was within three miles of
port when she took a header and sank.
A fairly heavy sea was running, which
caused her cargo of freight to shift and
before it could be righted it filled and
went down in about sixty feet of water.
Her crew and passengers got - ashore
safely.
PROMINENT RAILROAD OPER
ATIVE APPOINTED MANAG
ER OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Secretary of State May
Soon Leave the
Cabinet.
J. "W. Thompson, a discharged janitor,
petitioned that he be granted a hearing.
The West of Castro Street Improvement
Club petitioned that two .lots on Eliza
beth and Douglass streets adjoining the
site for a new schoolhouse at Twenty
fourth and Douglass be purchased by the
board. It is claimed that the added space
would Improve the sanitary conditions and
give more room for a playground.
Mrs. V. E. Smith was transferred from
the Ccoper to the Denman School, and
Miss E. T. Holmes from the Noe Valley
School to the Peabody.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
Julia A. Murphy and Miss Esther Living
ston.
Mrs. K. Turney of the unassigned list, to
the Noe Valley School: Miss M. S. Boniface to
new class in- the Lincoln Evening School; Miss
E. B. Moore, number 1 on the new eligible list,
to the Redding School; Mrs. M. E. Maguire to
the PeabocJy School; Miss. C. H. Gllchrist,
number 2 on the eligible list, to Cooper School;
Miss £>. Vogelsang-, number 3 on the eligible
list, to the Edison School during the leave of
Miss M. Peltret; Miss C. E. Rodgers, number
4 on the eligible list, to the Sherman School;
Miss M. E. Gray, number 5 on the eligible
list, to John Swett School; Mllo S. Baker to
.substitute list, vice P. T. Tompkins, on leave.
The following assignments were made:
Teachers who are sick need expect no
mercy from the Board of Education when
they apply for leaves of absence. -This
was demonstrated yesterday when Miss
Annie Sutherland, a teacher in the Spring
Valley, asked for a leave from October 2,
1901, to January 1, 1902. She filed a doc
tor's certificate to the effect that she was
in ill health and that It was necessary for
her to have rest from her work. Under
the rules a teacher who is granted a leave
for six months or less is entitled to return
to her class. Directors Kincaid and Den
man expressed themselves as opposed to
granting the leave unless Miss Sutherland
would waive her right to return to her
class. The rules were suspended and the
leave granted, but Miss Sutherland must
take her changes at getting an assign
ment when she reports for duty.
The pupils under F. H. Dam, a teacher
in the Girls' High School, whose applica
tion for an absence leave has been denied
by the board, filed a petition that he be
retained in his position. Dam's original
leave has expired, and unless the board
experiences a change of heart he is now
out of the department. Dam's physician
filed a certificate that his patient is suf
fering from overwork. The board took
no action. ...
RAY WEARIES
OF THE WORK
Must Waive Right to
Return to Class After
' Absence.
Dr. L. D. • Bacigalupl, autopsy surgeon
to the Coroner, testified that the bullet
entered Bailey's left breast above the left
nipple and four Inches to the left of the
breastbone. Then It ranged downward,
Inward and backward toward the spine.
The wound was powder burned, as though
the weapon had been fired at close range.
On the assumption that the ball was de
flected by the rib It was possible, said the
witness, for Bailey to have fired the shot
himself.
Dr. Allen, resident physician of St.
Luke's Hospital, who was called in im
mediately aft«r the shooting, testified
that Mrs. Bailey gave him to understand
that she had shot her husband, but he
could not- remember her exact words. She
said to her sister, Mrs. Gardner: "Give
me the pistol. Wouldn't you rather see
me dead than in prison?"
Mrs. Carrie Gardner of 118% Clipper
street testified that she found husband
and wife quarreling. Bailey was jealous
of some man whom he did not name. Mrs.
Bailey informed her that Bailey had made
threats to kill, and the witness left the
house. She had gone about a half-block
when Mrs. Bailey called her back and told
her that Bailey had been shot. Later she
told the witness that Bailey had tried to
kill her and had then shot himself.
Mrs. Bailey was the first witness at the
inquest. She gave her age as 29 years and
that of her husband as 53. On the day of
the shooting, September 25, her husband
had been drinking, she said, and was very
abusive, insulting her and throwing a
glass of whisky into her face. She sent
for her sister, Mrs. Gardner, whereupon
Bailey became so boisterous and quarrel
some that Mrs. Gardner left. After she
had gone Bailey took a pistol from a bu
reau drawer and threatened to kill his
wife and himseit. He caught hold of her
and she broke away. Then he fired two
shots and sank bleeding into a chair. She
called In her tdster. and asked the dying
man to forgive her after he had asked for
forgiveness from her.
Mrs. Newton J. Bailey, held on suspi
cion of murdering her husband, was re
leased from custody yesterday by order of
Police Captain Seymour after he had
learned of the verdict of suicide rendered
by the Coroner's jury.
Mrs. McCarthy was a Miss Webber be
fore she became the wife of the young
real estate man. She was considered one
of the beauties of the swell set and the
marriage was a great society event.
The troubles of the McCarthys com
menced about a year ago. In the com
plaint filed by the husband yesterday he
alleges that his wife left him September
1. 1900, and since that time they have lived
apart. He further alleges in the com
plaint that when they separated his wife
was given the custody of the younger
child, Lillian, while he retained the cus
tody of the «lder, Aileen. aad that he is
satisfied to have the arrangement con
tinued.
McCarthy further sets forth that he has
made ample provision for the mainten
ance of his wife and the child under her
care. He has settled upon her her share
of the community property, and is In ad
dition willing to make a suitable allow
ance for the support of both her and the
child.
Though Mr. and Mrs. E. Avery McCar
thy, the well-known society people, have
persistently denied the rumens that their
married life was unhappy and said that
there was no truth in the tales which a
short time ago were being told by the
members of the smart set, the fact re
mains that they have not been living a
life of peace.
The first move towarj ending their un
happiness was made by the husband yes
terday, when he filed a complaint for di
vorce against his wife, alleging desertion
as the cause of action-
The McCarthys were married in 1S92 and
have had two children born to them,
Aileen, who is now about 8 years of age.
and Lillian, who is about five years
younger.
E. Avery McCarthy Files
Suit to Secure Legal
Separation.
Police Captain Seymour^
Releases Wife From
City Prison.
CHARGES WIFE
WITH DESERTION
BAILEY KILLING
PROVES SUICIDE
SICK TEAGHERS
UNDER THE BAN
JM. HERBERT, manager of the
¦ ' Southern Pacific Company, re
signed yesterday, and James
O Agler, superintendent of the
• : Oakland division, was appointed
to fill the vacancy.
.• The resignation of J. M. Herbert did
not come as a surprise. The Call several
'days ago announced that he had been of
fered a responsible position with an East
ern road and that he had the offer under
consideration. Herbert succeeded Jerome
Fillmore July 6 last, and during his brief
administration proved his ability as an"
operative official.- He also made himself
popular with those who had business deal
ings with him. Herbert came here at the
invitation of Charles M. Hays and his
resignation was looked upon as a cer
tainty the moment that Hays resigned.
Herbert stated yesterday that he felt he
would materially better himself by ac
cepting the position offered him by the
Eastern road. . He said that he was not
at liberty at present to name the road.
The following: official circular concern
ing the resignation was issued:.
Offlpe of the Fourth Vice President and
General Manager. ' '
" SAN- FRANCISCO," Cal.. Oct. 2, 1901.
Circular No. ?S.
Mr. James Axler is appointed manager of
the Pacific system, effective this date, vice
Mr. J. M. Herbert, resigned to accept service
with another company.
J. KRUTTSCHNITT,
Fourth Vice President and General Manager.
Approved: E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
James Agler. who succeeds Herbert, is
considered a successful operative official.
He has been stationed at Oakland about
four years. Prior to that time he was
superintendent of the Salt Lake division.
It is expected that he will assume the
duties of his new office next Saturday.
Herbert will remain with him several
days and explain to him the workings of
the office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1901.
Resigns to Accept a Position With an Eastern Company and James
Agler of Oakland Is Appointed to Fill the Vacancy/
MANAGER J. M. HERBERT LEAVES
EMPLOY OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC
14
S , • ; "' ':¦: '' ' ' ¦ •
• \2^ TBADEKARH >2Jr .
s ©
! The Perfected American Shoe, i
5 ¦ ;'¦;-.-. '¦«
J The only argument available with this weather is to keep •
| your feet dry. It's in the scientific construction of SOROSIS g
% shoes that enables you to avoid "rubbers. , 2
e " SOROSIS shoes come in every leather, in sizes from lit- §
e tie bits of Ones to great big Nines, from the narrowest to %
% the widest width. .. •
A "•' ¦ ¦¦•¦ ~ . ¦ &
I $3.50 Always. !
a * - 9
I Pacific Coast agency for the celebrated Burt & Pack- 8
« ard Korrect Shape $4.00 shoe for men. . « ' J
BIG S^LE
...OF...
Women's and Children's
FLANNEL
NtGt|TfiOiN&
OQ r WOMEN'S FLANNEL GOWNS,
sjzr\j pijjfc an( j . bi ue gripes ; - made - of
heavy flannelettes cut wide and extra
long:; 65c value. • .' . .' . . : -. • ¦" ¦ ',
J.E r for 76c WOMEN'S ' FLANNEL
t-J*' GOWNS; . neatly, trimmed, with
fancy braid.
fiQ r for $1.00 WOMEN'S FLANNEL"
W^C GOWNS.
»C r for J1.25 WOMEN'S FLANNEL
o *«' GOWNS; made of best quality
English flannelette: collar, cuffs and
yoke trimmed with fine linen lace.
, Qfip for our $1.50 GOWNS; made of
= * tJl * cream, 1 pink or- blue Cinderella
flannel; well made and neatly trimmed.
JQ r for CHILDREN'S FLANNEL
T Ot GOWNS; made of heavy flan-
nelette; -come in pink and blue stripes;
sizes, 2 to 14 years; same price for all
sizes.
ftQ r CHILDREN'S GOWNS; prettily
xmzjk. trimmed and made of pink, blue
or cream Cinderella flannel; sizes, 2 to
14 years; same price for all sizes.
9O r CHILDREN'S FLANNEL UN-
AJl ' DERSKIRTS; regular price 40c.
-)K r WOMEN'S FLANNEL. UN-
AJt DERSKIRTS; made of heavy
flannelette; come in pink and blue
stripes. - -
JK~ WOMEN'S UND ERSKIRTS;
~ Jl * made of Cinderella flannel;
made with deep flounce and neatly
tucked; regular. 75c .value. ; , .:;. "
ftE r for WOMEN'S EMBROIDERED
u Ji * FLANNEL UND ERSKIRTS
regular price $1.00.
: WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones. v
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY— FBIDAY— SATURDAY.
SOME SELECTED ARTICLES HAVE
BEEM SET ASIDE FOR OUR THREE-
DATS' LOW PRICE CARNIVAL. W E
BELIEVE MOST PEOPLE WILL FIND
SOMETHING THET WILL CARE TO
SAVE MONEY OX.
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 lbs. AS(tA
The very choicest.
PICKLED FIuS, pint jar. 25o
Prepared in sweet pickle
and superbly delicious.
PANCAKE FLuURl pkg lOa
Uncle Jerry's New England *
Pancake Flour. Ready for use * ' •
PORK AND BEANS. 2-lb can 10c
WOOD ALCOHOL bot 30c; n! $!.(]>
For burning purposes. ' b * lllv
Regularly 40c and $1.25.
IDEAL MUSH. 4pkgs 25(5
Prepared from the • * :
Choicest white wheat.
Cooks quick.
Regularly 3 for 23c.
CHICKEN COCK WHISKEY—
«^.; ; ; i bot 75e; £ al $3.oo
Straight goods.
10 years old. • i
Regularly $1.00 and |4.0O. 'i
NEWHGS,lb pkg...... 1Od
Choice white figs. * * * " "
First of the season. - ;
COUXTRT ORDERS SPECIALLT •
SOLICITED. £¦'<¦
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAE* 5322.
THE d. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc. '
FOLDING BEDS
In an infinite variety of styles and at
all prices; quarter sawed, golden fin-
ish, highly polished oak writing desk
sideboard and fancy patterns. We fur'
njsh your house complete. Carpets
Lipoleums and Mattings a specialty
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated).
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET.
Above Sixth. San Francisco
W» close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.
PHYSICIAN, box 1950. CaU offlcfc • Wr « s *
Hale's. |. -Bxie*. £
{^^M&f^djffl^ A I Markst Street,
__: /4^» J dt?^b*^8e§fv I near Sixth.
ElofitiCklc Wffl^f^^J2B& Opposite Golden
ridllllCl J |^_Gatc_Avenue.
The Chief Topic.
We are better fixed in flannels than we've ever been. Took
more time to get ready— knew better where to go and were
stronger entrenched than ever to grapple with market condi-
tions.
Bought more this fall than ever — so we got more for our
money than ever. And so will you.
Tennis Flannel 7c— A fleecy quality, pinks and blues, checks and stripes.
One of our. unusual values.
Wrapper Flannel 15c and 2Oc— The latest styles this fall; some 200 colors
and patterns. Heavy qualities. „ ' v .
Scotch Tennis Flannels 15c, 16 2-3c, 2Oc— 28 to 32 inches wide. Come
in those new, pretty striped patterns so suitable for men's shirts and cml-.
dren's skirts. • ., __ i " ..^
White Woolen Shaker Flannel 2oc_ 2 7 inches wide, and a heavier quality-
than we've ever sold before for the price. 25 pieces for selling now at
'this price — a common price, but an uncommon quality.
29c .f 01? -Our Regular 35c White Flannel.
27 inches wide. A fine quality for underwear. . We've deliberately re-
duced the price 6c a yard in order to make it worth your while to come and
see what we have got in flannels; 15 pieces. No one in need of white wool
flannels can afford to skip this offer.
New Jacket Beauty
And Economy.
The 27-inch coats are favorites, and they must be made of
_-. kersey (tans, castors, reds or navy), and fin-
/^^^ ished. with stitching. We knew that way last
J$ llil Time. Had designers working for us before
lispk the season rush and' high prices had
~/|S|1l —These high styles.
- i1^i#X^L?= l Sv — These fine cloth*.
/0^*$^$&$h- —This carnfiol tailoring.
¦¦MS$fi&3S$& AtThese Reasonable Prices
\ S5 It's a great deal more for the money than if we
w3j'Q^^^^^^': 1 had bought in the ordinary way.
Kli^Ej^of^O, ip S5. 75— Kersey Box Coats, lined with silk serge, tailor
B* * s\ ' sSftirtf stitched, turn-back cuffs; tans, castors or blacks;
}=sgst)$kO \ f : si 86. 75— 27-inch Coats of fine kersey cloth, tailor stitch-
AsuiMp^'hfL'f' ""¦ ¦• ed P° ckets and cuffs, lined t w!th silk serge; tan3,
Swtiw$&x »*? * castors, blacks.
' S7.50 — Kersey Coats, flaring cuffs, velvet collar?,
«@S^«^6?.i9il?.' $ tailor stitched cuffs and pocket, velvet trimmed;
y&^^^gie'^^^a tans, castors and navy.
/'it^P^^^^SS/^ S8. 75— Kersey Coats, 27 Inches, fitted backs, coat or
/jfffF* 8 " "* *lfnv mr*] storm/collars, turn-back cuffs, backs with stitched
/Wfffl -»* {£Sl£>i strapped seams, finished with four rows of stitching,
' Vwn "P'o»7$S- wJt'i\ lined with beautiful satin; tans, castors and blacks.
p-'j-i T-.W4A. SI O.OO— Kersey Coats, stitched yoke, strapped seams,
E?yreggjjffiM$iKfff.^Kfluis coat collars, turn-back cuffs, trimmed with tailor
Kaais: — stitching; colors tan and black: satin lined.
— — — — .
Save Money this Stationery
— and get as good stationery as you ever could. We're after a big business
in paper and envelopes and tablets and pens and pencils. We can't expect
more folks to come here if we can't give them more than any one else.
And we will.
35c Royal Velvet Note Paper 20c.
A beautiful and worthy paper. The correct thing for correspondence.
Comes in one-pound packages — those we've been selling for 35c now marked
almost half that, 20c. Three tints — creme, azure, heliotrope.
25c Writine Tablet for 15c— Of heavy Glace bond, antique and linen paper;
three very popular styles. That's why we made the inducements tn them so
strong. We believe in letting you save money on just what you want.
Order Books 10c— Sewed backs, canvas covered, 90 pages each, and a good qual-
ity of paper.
Pomeroy's Black Ink 4c-FuU 2-ounce bottles, and an ink, too. that 13 black—
a midnight black that does not change. v. ...
ADVERTISEMENTS. . - _^^ ' _ r _^
Jnappy new ' > Hpl§^
y J . c o tin. t o «• t- w- ;¦•- J&S3*
g i v ingV^ M,
for
; every foot in •. JfeST^,
v>anrranci5co//
r^l^?L&r maybeseen '•*&¦.
W hibitionof
- Fall styles-
(|^ at our store jfi&eS /£&&£>
1JS |fl5***^_*^^V p // /Ce a my Sir
THIS MAN IS HAPPY.
Why should ho not be? He has two of;
the greatest blessings that can be be-
stowed; one on the seat beside him, and
the other the Studebaker vehicle that he
drives.
You will be Interested In the new styles
just coming in.'
STUDBEAKBtt
RROS.fOMPANY
Market and Tenth Streets.
DR. G. E. SUSSDORFF, I
i L ateSuperintendent Physician City \
1 - ' " and County Hospital. /
(' MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES. \
i SPECIFIC TREATMENT
1 For UQUOR and MORPHINE HABIT3. I,
' ( * • Twenty Years' Experience. |,
I Patients may be treated at home or prl- )
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Bulldins. \
' 105 Ellis at., near Powell. Hours, 10 to 13 )
1 *. m.. 2 to 4 p. m. \