PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAH FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1901.
VOLUME XC— NO. 55.
WASHINGTON. July 24.-Secre
tary Long. In accordance
with a request from Admiral
Schley, to-day advised that
officer that he would order a
Is auch perversion of facts, misconstruction of
Intention, such Intemperate abuse and defama
tion of myself as subjects Mr. Maclay to ac
tion In civil law. While I admit the right of
fair criticism of every public officer, I must
MEN WHO WILL FIGURE *
PROMINENTLY IN THE NA- "';
VAL COURT OF INQUIRY.
ALBANIAN INSURGENTS
IN BATTLE WITH TTJBKS
Heads of Prisoners Cut OS After
in Triumph.
Engagements and Carried About
VIENNA. July 24.— Albanian Insurgents
and Turkish regulars have had several
encounters on the Turkish. frontier. Many
have been killed and wounded on both
sides. It is reported that the Albanians
cut off the heads of their prisoners and
triumphantly carried them on poles
through Albanian towns. It is also re
ported that the Turks massacred their
prisoners.
T,he Albanian revolutionary committed
has called a congress of Albanian dele
gates to Dulelgno in Montenegro to decide
as to future action. A band of marauding
Bulgarfar.s near Ghevgheli, intrenched In
a* farmhouse, were stormed by Turkish
troops and killed to a man.
American Minister Sobbed.
LONDON, July 23.— "Rev. Mr. Todd, an
American clergyman.' was robbed of £1000
while on the Paris-Geneva express." says
a dispatch from Geneva to the (Daily Mail.
"He is one -of the numerous victims of
two fashionably dressed women and two
preventable men."
\ There have been only two prior In
stances In the navy where officers of high
rank were court-martialed, charged with
cowardice. Th^ first was that of Captain
James : Barron, ¦ whose ship, the Chesa
peake, was captured March 16,'lS07, by the
British frigate ¦• Leopard. Barron was
charged with cowardice, found guilty and
sentenced 1 to suspension for. live years.
.' Since th» close of the Spanish-American
war a. multitude of histories have been
written chronicling the events of that
brief but .'interesting episode., .They are
all' more or less glorifying: Sampson and
'belittling "Schley,- but* the 'latest attempt
at^nayal history, that of. Edgar 8. Maclay,
Is so decidedly biased ~ and abusive of
Schley, as to Indicate beyond a doubt that
tho ;'real. historians are the partisans of
Sampson : nnd that the. alleged compiler
and writer was simply hired at Govern
ment expense to. further the Interests of
a cllfjue. This hired historian charges
Schley with cowardice nnd fnlsehood, and,
strangely enough, has nothing' but praise
for all tho othrr officers. Maclny was for
some yours In tho services of thn Usht
houso Department .ij» keeper at V>l<l Field
Point, New York, drawing n weekly sal
ary of $10. It was thoro thnt he completed
for publication tho tlrst. two volumes of a
history of the. United States navy up to
ISM. The wnr with Spain necessitated an
tulilltlxnnl volume, nnd tho compiler was
given a plnco In tho Nrw Vork Navy
Yrrd, with the rating ns special laborer,
nt the munlllccnt per diem pay of J2S0.
It !s a rivttng the giving of which Is sub
ject to the approval of the Secretary of
the Navy- or. nny of the bureau chiefs.
This ambitious but careless historian al
leges that proofs of his books were sub
mitted to the officers that related to them
personally. The preface'' la dated New
York Navy. Yard, April last, the very time
when Schley was on his way back to this
country, and a delay In the publication of
one -month would, have enabled the his
torian to submit proofs of matter relating
to Schley to the person most Interested,
and rio doubt some modifications In the
severity of judgment . and considerably
less vituperation would have been printed.
The proof has not been established that
Schley was a coward and liar, but it has
been pretty conclusively proVed that these
charges hold good against the clique that
hired a person at Government expense to
malign a brother officer and take undue
advantage of his absence. .Naval officers
have complained over the baiting to which
they have frequently been subjected in
the public press, but no newspaper criti
cism ever . approximated the abuse and
serious charges made by this, cabal of
naval officers against a member of the
service. The most effectual way of put
ting a stop to this degrading practice of
vilifying a defenseless officer is for Con
gress to Investigate the matter thoroughly
and Impartially; to punish Schley If the
charges hold good or to acquit him. His
powerful enemies In Washington make It
impossible for him ,to obtain a fair trial
by his brother officers. It Is also essential
that the Navy Department should enforce
the regulations prescribing the conduct
of officers toward one another and impose
the penalty, of dismissal for acts such as
Chadwlck was guilty of two years ago. The
charge, that Secretary Long is prejudiced
against Admiral _, Schley la, no doubt,
groundless, but It la evident that he per
mits grave' offenses against good disci
pline to be committed.
ttnye.untll the .natural death of either one
of the two officers. ¦
tion, However, Has Precedents.
The Internecine war between the Samp
son-Schley factions In the navy has now
been In progress for over three years. It
Is without a parallel In our naval history.
Its nearest approach . being: that of -the
Dccatur-Barron feud, beginning in 1807
and terminating in 1820. Then, as now,
meddlesome friends and partisans were
largely responsible for the trouble, and as
dueling Is no longer permitted it Is most
likely that this scandalous affair will con-
Hired Historian Maclay's Vitupera-
pute will be avoided by the investigating
Board.
"The whole business is inspired by mal
ice, but now perhaps it may be all Investi
gated, and If it is the people of the United
States will know all the facts."
DISPUTE WITHOUT PARAT.T.Et..
Then followed "an excltlnj? street tight
between tho xnndman and officers who
enmo upon the scene. Kelly, flourlshlnff
his revolver, dnshert through the lumber
yard. He met Ike Healer, a laborer, and
shot him through the hand. A few yards
farther on he encountered Sergeant
Dodge. The" two exchanged shots as they
ran. One bullet from Kelly's revolver
struck Dodge In the neck, but not before
he had shot Kelly In the shoulder. Kelly
kept on running and was soon confronted
by Detective McDonald and Officer Fait*
hader. McDonald dropped Kelly with a
bullet In the neck. Dodge raised his re
volver, but it failed to worR and. catch-
Ing up with the murderer, he crushed his
skull with the weapon. Kelly sank to th©
grcund and was carried to the station In
an unconscious condition, dying soon aft
er his arrival there. \
Garrett never regained consciousness
and died an hour after being taken to
tho hospital. Dr. McGee is still suffering
severely, and it Is believed he cannot re
cover. Dodge's wound is not considered
fatal, while the wounds of the others arc
slight. ¦^V-'-.'f
Fights With the Officers.
•Ing 'disturbances and later threatened to
kill Garrett. He was arrested and ad
judged Insane, Garrett and four others
testifying against him.
After a year in the Topeka asylum Kelly
was released. He had been acting queer
ly again and had declared that he would
kill tho flye men who had sent him to
the asylum. Dally for two weeks past he
has been practicing shooting with a re
volver at the Fort Leavqnworth range.
To-day shortly after 12 o'clock he ap
peared at Garrett'a office and without
warning shot him as he sat at the desk.
Garrett fell from his chair and into the
doorway, when Kelly deliberately fired
four shots, more Into the prostrate form.
I*avlnsr his victim for dead. Kelly ran
fifty yards to the rear of tho company's
lumber yard and began reloading his re
volver, Presently he returned to the of
fice to find Dr. McGfe. who had been at
tracted by the shots, bendlnjr over Oar
rett. Leveling his revolver on the win
dow s»,U, Kr lly took delibf rate aim at the
physician from th* sidewalk and fired.
The bullet struck McGee In th*» back at
tho spine nnd he toppled over near where
Oarrctt ln:\
/Prepares for the Murder.
1 Kelly had lived In Leavenworth for
years and at different times has engaged
In minor business enterprises. He was
eccentric, and during the Presidential
campaign In 1S96 lost hjs mind entirely.
-At 1 that time he was arrested for creat
LEAVENWORTH. Kans.. Jnly 24.—
Michael Kelly, an insane man. to-day at
the office of the Robert Garrett Lumber
Company, In the .business district, shot
seven people, killing one. probably fatally
wounding another and more or less se
riously wounding five others. He waa
himself finally killed by officers who tried
to overpower him. The dead are:
JOHN R. GARRETT, aged 40, Junior
member of the Robert Garrett Lumber
Company, died at hospital.
MICHAEL. KELLY, aged 50. died after
being taken to police station.
The wounded are: Dr. Charles McGee,
aged 30, shot in back and probably fatally
wounded; Police Sergeant William Dodge,
sfcot In neck, wound serious; Michael Mc-
Donald, detective, shot in leg, wound
slight; Ike Healer, laborer at lumber
yard, shot In hand, wound slight; Joseph
Falthader, policeman, wounded In hand.
Michael Kelly, Enraged at Fancied
"Wrongs, Commits the Double
Crime in a I*eavenworth.
Lumberman's Office. <
Desperate Battle Fought "With
Madman in a Kansas
City.
Two Men Lose Their
Lives and Five Are
Wounded.
BULLETS END
BLOODY WORK
OF A MANIAC
Continued on Page Four.
According to advices from Nome, that
live Alaskan mining town is shaken to its
foundations by new phases of the receiv
ership scandals. Judge Noyes and his
friends h,ave concentrated their energies
in an effort to oust George V. Borch
eenius. clerk of the United States Dis
trict Court, from office, and the •whole
town is agog over stories of corruption
and attempted jury-packing which this
effort and Its apparent purposes have set
afloat.
Borchsenius received a letter from Judge
Noyes on July 11. requesting him to resign.
T'p to 2 p. m. of July 12. when mall brlng
lnp to San Francisco the most recent ad
vices of the situation In Kome departed,
no response had betn received from
Borchsenius. The clerk was evidently
nonplussed as to how to comply with the
demand and at the same time protect his
own honor against an enforced retirement
and his bondsmen against loss through
Irresponsible handling of about $30,000 of
public moneys then In his custody.
Resignation Demanded.
The letter received by Borchsenius was
fts follows:
NOME. Alaska. July 11. 1*01.
Mr. Geors* V. Borchsenlus. Clerk of the
Vnl»e4 p*tf> RtettI* Ccurt* Second Division,
restrict of Alaska. Nome. Alaska-Dear Sir:
I^raitnic It n*»«ws«ry «• malt* a chance In the
office of Clerk and Trtshlnr to make euch
change while a representative of the Depart
ment of Justice U here, your resignation as
Clerk of «ald court will be thankfully received,
to take eTZect Saturday. July IX. 19C1.
TruUJnr that you will give this matter your
prompt attention. 1 remain, very truly yours,
ARTHUR H. NOTES. District Judje.
The same day that the resignation of
the clerk was demanded Harry Steel, a
young man who has been active In the
A f.f rnyf . O f j u dg«» Noyes nnd In vitupera
tion cf the. latter's enemies, was busy
obtaining bonds to qualify ns Borchsen
ius' pucccrsor. In consequence of this at
temptrd *hnk!ng-\fp men who as mine
UWUCM are In the very thick of the atorm
centrr wrre thrown Into n new state- of
excitement, nnd the assertion became
limited al>«ut that Noyes nnd his friends
wrre trying to force Borchsenlus out of
office and to appoint a elork whom the
Judge could control In the matter of tho
srleoilon nf Jurors, for on thnt peg hangs
\he plan. It Is Mnted. which Judge Noyes
and r»lstrl<-t Attorney Joseph K. Woods
have formed to resist prosecution for con
tempt and to continue their receiverships
policy.
Noyrs and Woods have both been cited
to appear before tho T'nlted States Circuit
Cnurt of Appeals and show cause why
thry should not !>e punished for contempt.
Judpe Noyrs returned from St. Michael
July 4 and was soon after served with the
citation and also with specifications from
the Attorney General. Noyea and Woods
had bitter quarrels during the spring, but
their common danger has closed the
breach, and they are now co-operating in
framing a defense, and also, it Is asserted.
In planning reprisals upon their enemies.
Judge Noyes has said that he intended
having Attorney Samuel Knight indicted
and William H. Metson disbarred from
practice. It was believed In Nome that If
Noyes succeeded in getting Borchsenius
replaced by a man to his liking indict
ments would bo freely returned against
ell who had been active in opposition to
McKenzie, Noyes, Dubose and the rest
of that crowd.
Charges Against Deputy Clerk.
Borchsenius received his appointment
through the influence of Senator Spooner
and other Influential men in the "States,"
and has not felt himself beholden to
Noyes or others at Nome. Chief Deputy
Clerk Reed, however, waa not an ap
pointee of Borchsenius. and he and the
clerk are at outs. Borcbsenlus has made
serious charges against Reed, but the
court has refused to permit the clerk to
discharge his own chief deputy.
The friction between Borchsenius and
Reed began when Reed, upon Instructions
from the court, attempted to collect his
living expenses. As Reed was appointed
deputy clerk resident at Nome, Bochse
nlus held that he was not entitled to ex
penses. Inasmuch as he was not required
to be absent from Nome. Later Borch
senius detected Reed In accepting papers
in court and taking moneys there, and
afterward depositing the papers among
the flics, preventing 1 Borchsenius from
having any means of checking up the
money that came into his office and for
which he was responsible.
Rumors at Nome credit Borchsenius
with muth graver charges against his
deputy, whom he cannot discharge. One
of these Is that he caught Reed putting a
rubber band around certain names In the
Demands Immediate Res
ignation of George
Borchsenius.
Nome Agitated Over New
Features of Vexatious
Litigation.
Grave Charges Against Court, Dis
trict Attorney and Deputy Clerk
Beed Circulated About the
Mining Camps.
JUDGE NOTES
AFTER SCALP
OF HIS CLERK
NAVAL COURT OF INQUIRY, AT THE REQUEST OF REAR ADMIRAL SCHLEY, WILL INVESTIGATE
THE BITTER CONTROVERSY THAT HAS GROWN OUT- OF THE BATTLE OF SANTIAGO BAY
Naval Hero Who Has Been Maligned and Called Liar, Coward and Cur by Historian Maclay Writes a
Letter to Secretary of the Navy Long Which Will Cause a Competent Board Headed by Dewey
to Determine the Merits of the Officers Who Had a Hand in the Destruction of the Spanish Fleet
Continued! on Page Two
¦ "I i shall announce . to-morrow the per
sonnel of the • court • of Inquiry which will
make the investigation sought \ by Ad
miral Schley. I am giving a good deal of
thought to this feature of the matter, be
cause I desire that a court shall be named
the very. character of will convince
the country that a fair and impartial In
quiry and a just and honest conclusion;
will be . obtained. .Examination of ..he
articles of war^ shows that the personnel
of a court of inquiry -is limited to three
members, the senior of whom shallbe the
president, and' a Judge advocate. 1 [was
in conference with Admiral Dewey this
morning regarding, his acceptance; of "the
presidency, and he will do his duty. The
other officers to be selected are now on
th# retired list.; Rear Admiral Schley will,
of course, have the right to challenge for
cause' any officer named. The court, will
assemble inr.the Navy Department in Sep
tember. The date of the meeting is fixed
in. that, month because the. heat Is., too
great in Washington for continuous ses
sions In August, and besides a delay will
be advantageous to the judge advocate on
the part of ¦ the court 'and' to. Admiral
Schley,' as" well in that It will give them
time to obtain papers^and to prepare lists
of > witnesses, some, of .w*hom'.wlH' have to
be brought'; horhe : from -foreign station's.
In order that the country may be advised
of every scrap of. information obtained. by
the court," it Is proposed that the sessions
to be held: shall be" open. "-It w*buld be'a
sraat , mistaWe '. to have them closed. ."The
: ' ' ';>¦•¦•. '¦'¦¦'¦; ¦¦'¦".¦•
to the judge advocate general of ¦ tt»e
navy, and the final approval or disap
proval rests, with the Secretary of the
Navy or,. th,c President!, according to
which one, has'ordered the court. ,
SEPTEMBER" THE TIME SET.
Eessions of the Court' Shall Be Held
' in^ Public: ', "
WASHINGTON, July, 24.-Dlscussing,
Rear Admiral Schley?s application for an
investigation, Secretary- Long said to-day:
"I. am • glad that Rear Admiral Schley
has asked Secretary Long for an investi
gation. -I hope if there'Is an investigation
it!wlll be a thorough one, aiid that not a
detail of anything that has been in dls-
• BOSTON,', July 24.— Rear Admiral Samp
son said to-day: ,
Taken by Schley.
Sampson Pleased With the Action
COURTS AN INVESTIGATION.
Admiral 'Crownlnshleld Insists that, his
bureau has been entirely .fair throughout
the whole discussion.""' Dispatches which
have 'been published by his bureau are
those sent by officers who were their au
thors, and he holds he cannot be respon
sible, for such dispatches. Rear Admiral
Schley has" copies of all messages cabled
by him, -or if he has not the Western
Union and. Postal Telegraph companies
have copies, j which,' if the court desires,
can 'be:'produced, and Admiral Crowin
shleld is cpnfiderit they will establish that
his. bureau has in' no way, tampered with
any communications made to the depart
ment. .
"I am glad that the controversy is at
last to be ended. I am also glad that an
opportunity' may be presented for sub
mitting of evidence to the . court which,
will establish whether the item, 'Bureau
of Fabrication,' applied by some par
tisans to this bureau, is a proper one for.
the Bureau of Navigation."
WASHINGTON, July 24.— Rear Admiral
A. S. 'Crownlnshleld. chief of the Bureau
of Navigation, expressed gratification to
his friends to-day that a thorough inves
tigation of the" Santiago campaign would
be. at last; instituted. Admiral Crowiri
shield has been charged by friends of
Rear 'Admiral Schley with being the prime
mover in. the 'alleged campaign of perse
cution from which he has suffered. Speak
ing of the application of Rear Admiral
Schley/ Crowhinsheld said to-day :
Glad That j the Sampson-Schley Con-
'trdversy Will-Be* Ended.
CROWNINSHIELD IS GRATIFIED
Inquiry, will be : of the most exhaustive
character. , This Is desirable because tho
country wants, to" know the facts, nnd It
la proper that everything which may as
sist in ' establishing: tho truth shall be
brought to llKht. Atrmirnl Srhley will
hnvo tho privilege of engaging counseK
Tho usual rules, of,* evidence, 'including
cross-examination, of. witnesses, will be
permitted.' The work before the court will
roBolvo Itself' Into ono or twt> questions,
ns, there Is ,ji,. vast, amount of mist ami
discussion which can. lie compressed Into
vpry small space when the time arrives
to do so. My Idea Is to have a fair court
and, a fair;, honest and just Investigation,
so that when It la completed there will be
no longer ground for. controversy."
When the court of Inquiry reaches Its
decision all the papers will be, forwarded
An Important Feature.
An important feature In . the . order
directing the court is ' that specif ylng
whether it shall state only the facts
found, ar. shall also give an opinion based
on the facts. Unless the order expressly
requires the members of the court to
give their oplnlon^they are confined to
stating the facts found. It is considered
quite probable, ho'wever, -that .in a case
of this importance the order .woulJ
direct the court to record Its opinion' as
well as its conclusions of facts*.
Congress in 1S95 established the principle
that no court-martial could be held two
years after the occurrence under investi
gation. This is known as the Naval
Statute of Limitation, and while it bars
a court-martial relating to the Santiago
campaign, It does not bar the court of
inquiry. In this case the court of inquiry
would' be " effective only In establishing
records, and would not be preliminary to
a court-martial.
To Rear A3m!ral W. S. Schley, U. 'S,. N.
The information that Admiral Schley' s
letter asking for a court of inquiry had
been received ,by Secretary Long soon
spread through the. Navy Department,
and not since the recent war days has
any one theme excited such? general at
tention.
Heply of Secretary Long.
Secretary Long replied to Admiral
Schley as follows: ¦ • »
Navy Department. Washington, D. C. . July
24, 1901.— Sir: I am In receipt of yours of the
22d !n8t., with reference to the criticisms upon
you in connection with the Spanish-American
war, and heartily approve of your action, un
der the circumstances. In asking at the hands
of this department "such action as may bring
this entire matter under discussion under the
clearer and calmer review of my brothers in
arms." The department will art once proceed
in accordance with your request. Very . re
spectfully. JOHN* D. LONG.
4. Out I would express the request In this
connection, whatever the action may be, that
it occur In Washington, where most of my
papers and data are stored. Very respectfully,
W. S. SCHLEY, Rear Admiral, U. S. N.
, To the Secretary of "" the Navy, Washing
ton. D. C. v . . .
3. I hnve refrnlneil heretofore from nil com
ment upon the Innuendoes ot enemies muttered
or murmured In secret, and, therefore, with
safety to thrmuMve*. I think the time him
now come to take euch- action us may brtn*
the entire mntter under discussion under the
clearer and calmer review of my brothers In
nrms, nnd to this' end t nsk nuch action at
the hands of the department as It may deem
best to accomplish this purpose.
protest nRAlmt the low (limes unrt 'nbuMve lan-
RU«r« of this violent, partlwtn opponent, who
hnn Infused Into th« jinxes of hit book *q much
of the malice of unfalrnens ns to mnko it un
worthy the nnhie of history or of use In any
' reputable Institution of the country. L
22. 1901.— Sir: Within the past few days . a
series of press comments have been sent to me
from various parts of the country of a book
entitled "The # History of the Navy," written
by one Edgar Stanton Maclay. From these re
views it appears that, this edition is a third
volume of the Eald history extended, to Include
the late war with Spain. wh4ch the two' first
volumes did not contain, and -which were In
use as textbooks at the Naval Academy..
2. From excerpts quoted in some reviews. In
which the page and paragraph are riven, there
Admiral SchJey's Letter.
Admiral Schley'B letter is as follows:
GREAT NECK. Long Island. N. Y., July
While Secretary Long was not asked
whether the, court of inquiry would be
asked to form and submit an opinion upon
the facts disclosed by the Investigation,
It Is considered quite probable that this
course will be pursued. Unless the order
convening the, court expressly requires
this opinion to be expressed its report
must be confined to stating the racts
found.' i ;7.> J
Secretary Long said that the personnel
of the court would be made public to
morrow, at which time also the precept
convening the court probably will . be
issued. Meanwhile, there is much specu
lation as to the members of the court
other than Admiral Dewey. The -Secre
tary himself says there Is no warrant of
the announcement of any particular name,
as he still has the question under advise
ment. He has been making inquiries dur
ing the day as to the availability of cer
tain officers and it is understood that
some telegraphic inquiries have been made
of those absent from the city to see If
there is any reason why they should not
serve.
Must State Facts Found.
ply. "I propose to make that fact very
plain. It would bo a' great mistake., to
have a secret court. Tho country h«s tho
right to know nil that transpires Ui tho
way of testimony offered. Personally I
phould b« very-glad to have a court com
posed cf a largo number of omen's, but
the naval regulations restrict mo to tho
selection of throe. 1 hope to announce
the personnel of the court to-morrow, and
this will give the Judgo advocate and re
corder nmple tlmo to prepare a list of wit
nesses who are to be summoned. This list
will be necessarily quite lengthy" and ' It
will take some little time to assemble the
officers. I do not believe that the session
of the court will be prolonged, because,
after all, a great deal of the talk over
the Santiago campaign is like the genii's
Vapor, which can be condensed In a small
bottle,"
"Will Admiral Schley be allowed to
name witnesses?"
"Admiral Schley," was the reply, "will
be afforded every opportunity for the ap
pearance of all the witnesses he may de
sire. He is also entitled under the naval
regulations to be represented by counsel."
Sessions Will Be Open.
"Will tho cessions of tuo| court be
open?"
"Unquestionably," was the emphatic re-
court of Inquiry to examine into the entire
matter of Admiral SchleyVcourse. In the
Santiago naval campaign. Later the Sec
retary announced, that owing to the ex
tremely hot weather the court would not
meet until September, and that he would
turn ovor-hls reception room to-the-oburt.
The Secretary eald:
"It !s too hot now. and I do not believe
It would be. very comfortable for officers
to sit In their heavy full dress uniforms
during August. I issued an order some
time ago dispensing with the wearing of
full drees uniforms during a court-mar
tial, but this case will be so Important
that every form of official dignity will te
observed, even to the guard of marines at
the. door. I propose to give the court the
use of the large reception room adjoining
my office, which Is a convenient and com
modious place."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Among the other marksmen called upon
by Toastmaster Choynskl who praised
everything within the borders of the State
of California were the. following named:
nerich of New York, whose speech made
the hit of the day. ..Captain Grennerich
spoke of the wonders and glories of, the
GoWen State, and said he would be^only
too happy if. he could promise that at the
festival to .be held in his State three years
hence a return of the favors which had
been extended -all the visitors by the Call
fornlan shooters would be made. \ ',
Cheers for the San Francisco; Schuetzen
Bund members were heard frequently dur
ing the course of the banquet which
marked the close, of the festival. ¦ '¦
Killed While Climbing Matterhorn.
V ZERMATT, Switzerland, July 24.— An
Englishman and" two ladies, together with
their guides, plunged from a precipice
while ascending the Matterhorn. \
OFFICIALS DEFY
THE GOVERNOR
Armed Citizens Take
Possession of Arkan
. sas Town.
Fear of Trouble Because of
the State Executive's
Action.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., July 24.-Osceola,
the county seat of Mississippi County, if
the scene of an armed insurrection be
cause * Governor Davis revoked the com
missions of" Sheriff Sam Bowen and Cir
cuit Clerk C. S. Driver and appointed J.
A; Lovewell and J. W. Rhodes, respective
ly, as "their successors..
The commissions were forwarded by At
torney C. T. Coleman of Little Rock, but
Bowen and Driver took possession of the
courthouse, supported by a crowd of de
termined followers, principally from Lux
ora. antl refuse to vacate. The court
house is barricaded. Practically the en
tire town is under arms. -Khodes and
Lovewell have a following of probably 5000
men. ' Serious trouble has been avoided
since, last Gaiurday only by active efforts
on the part <i£ those who would preserve
the peaeo. -'An appeal is to be made to
Governor Da\is to put -the county under
martial law. There is much .excitement
and many people are leaving the neigh
borhood. 1 he lynching of an alleged ne
tsro mqrdorer iast Friday ten miles from
Osceola hftcr he had been taken from one
of Sheriff Bowen'a deputies has added to
the excitement. ,
Upon his i fit urn to-night from Lonokc
County I Governor Davis stated that he
had received no. advices indicating a
threatened civil war in Mississippi Coun
ty, hence he had nothing to say concern
ing the report of prospective trouble
there. The Governor stated that he had
not been appealed to from any source to
place the county under martial law. '
At the election last September J. W.
Rhodes ran for Clerk and J. A. Lovewell
for Sheriff on what was called the inde
pendent ticket. Driver ran for Clerk and
Bowen for Sheriff on the Democratic
ticket. The returns showed that Driver
and Bowen were elected and they have
held the two offices since. A contest was
instituted in the courts, and the County
Court declared Lovewell and Rhodes
elected. The Circuit Court held to the
contrary, and on appeal the Supreme
Court of Arkansas, on July 23. sustained
the County Court and remanded the cases.
Governor Davis thereupon revoked the
commissions of the incumbents.
SPREADS SMALLPOX
IN SMELTER TOWNS
Patient Escapes From a Pest
; house and Starts an .
Epidemic.
¦ . r,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KESWICK, July 24.— Because a patient
escaped from the pesthouse Delamar and
Copper City are having another epidemic
of smallpoxl Three weeks ago there was
a case or two* in each town, the patients
being reWoved' to a temporary pesthouse..
One of the invalids" escaped the guards
and it Is believed ,that he scattered the
contagion. Four smallpox patients were
this morningr removed to the Delamar
pesthouse, " and in Copper City there are
between twenty and thirty victims of the
epidemic. The county authorities will es
tablish'a quarantine and make desperate
efforts to prevent its further spread.
Crispi Gradually Improving.
NAPLES, July 24.— A bulletin issued
this morning says the condition of Signor
Francisco Crispi continues to improve and
that the nervous depression and hyposys
tole'of the heart from which he suffers
are less accentuated.
Reports That a Serious Dis
aster. Has Overtaken
. ;:;,-;, Troops. v
LONDON, ' July . 25.— "According to, na
tive intelligence," 1 says the Shanghai cor
respondent of the Standard, "Chinese and
Russian troops - have been • seriously de
feated by insurgents in the southeastern
part of Manchuria and the rebels are now
destroying the telegraph wires.". -. ;
CANTON, China; Joy; 24.— A band of over
forty armed robbers for three . successive
nights have been looting shops \ opposite
Shatteen. The Chinese authorities have
made no attempt to interfered; The Chi
nese themselves are alarmed and predict
serious trouble. *It is understood the for
eign Consuls have been warned to prepare
for an uprising. A magistrate of Shuntah
reports that robbers are Increasing in his
district. Seventy-five robbers have been
beheaded on Skertchaii during the past
two months. " ¦ ¦ - • ¦ •' ¦' \,
MANCHURIAN REBELS
DEFEAT THE RUSSIANS
¦ MANILA^' July 24.-Ge#eral Chaffed in
tends to institute . an ' aggressive cam
paign in Batangas - Province and on the
islands of Bohol and ' Samar, -where civil
government has been temporarily sus
pended, when Jie is able to reinforce the
troops, there, to his., satisfaction.. . The
Twentieth Infantry will" 'be distributed
through Batangas. The Ninth Infantry
will- be stationed at Samar and the Sev
enteenth in Bohol. Scattered troops of
the Sixth Cavalry will be withdrawn from
Bohol and concentrated in Southern Lu
zon. The new Thirtieth Infantry is pre
paring to .go to Mlndoro Island. - i
Chaffee is crippled for •transportation, as
the Liscum is the- only available inter
island transport. The Wright is being re
paired and Adjutant General Corbirt is go
ing on a tour. of inspection sputh on the
Lawtonr He willstart to-morrow.
The civil government was organ zed in
good faith in these disturbed- districts on
the recommendation of Governor General
MacArthur. The activity of the insur
gents later on compelled a reversion to
military control. • .
Cttaffee remains silent in regard to what
disposition is to be made of Aguinaldo.
The former rebel leader is still guarded
and probably will be held until peace is
fully established. - „ . .
The central division of the Federal party
held a meeting yesterday, at which Reso
lutions were adopted denouncing General
Caballes. This bandit ordered the assas
sination of General Callles, the former
rebel commander, and Pardo
member-elect of the Philippines Commis
sion, who went to Laguna Province, where
Caballes is operating, for* the purpose of
establishing a civil government. Caballes
has also ordered the assassination of oth
er Filipino. leaders who have surrendered.
He commands 200 riflemen and is receiv
ing additions to his force from Malvar s
command. Recently he forced the presi
dents of Cavinti and San Pedro Tunasan,
province of Laguna, to get down on their
knees and shout for General Caballes and
the Philippine republic. Afterward hs
threw the presidents over a precipice.
(I Special Dispatch to The Call.
Annoying Rebels to Be
Crushed in the
Philippines.
¦¦¦.¦'. '¦ . ''¦<:*'-' ¦.— — » ¦ —
Aguinaldo May Remain in a
Jail Until Permanent m
' Peace.
CHAFFEE PLANS
NEW CAMPAIGN
THE SA3NT~ if KAJN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 25/ 1901.
HAVAL COURT OF INQUIRY TO INVESTIGATE SCHLEY-SAMPSON COHTROVERS 1
SCENES AT THE BANQUET AT SCHUETZEN PARK WHICH MARKED
THE CLOSE OF THE THIRD NATIONAL SHOOTING BUND YESTER
DAY, WHEN WESTERN MARKSMEN ENTERTAINED EASTERNERS.
Join the Santa Fe excursion to Stockton . Satur
day, ' July 27th? ' You can ' return Sunday or
Monday and It will only cost you $2.00. v -,
_TT ' * ' . — — — r.'-i '¦¦"»¦?. [':':
The acFual weight of. a ton of coalas
sold by some dealers is a dark secret. ¦
Don't You Want to
There was still another case some years
ago somewhat similar to that of the cabal
against Schley. An officer who fed the
boat expedition against the rebel schooner
Judah at the . Pensacola Navy Yard and
captured the vessel l»y boarding on Sep
tember 14, 1861, was highly complimented
at the time for his bravery. Thirty years
later, when a bill was before Congress to
reward this oflioer by promotion, another
officer suddenly revealed the fact that the
alleged hero was lying a* the bottom of
the boat half scared to aeath, and that
while hiaKmen had risked their lives he
had simply acted the coward. This ad
verse recital of the affair was freely dis
cussed among officers and also found its
way into print, resulting In hanging up
the promotion and reward. The victim ol
this slander died a few years ago, but his
traducer still lives and no doubt con
scientiously believes that he had only per
formed his duty as an officer and a gentle
man. He was somewhat slow about it;
thirty* years is a long time to take to con-
Upon his return to the navy after the war
of 1812 he sought reinstatement to active
duty, but was opposed by Commodore De
catur. The quarrel between the two cul
minated in a duel March 22, 1820, in which
Decatur was killed and Barron severely
wounded. Captain Barron remained in
the navy, but was never given a ship, and
he died in 1851, after nfty-three years'
service, of which only four years eight
months was credited to service at sea ana
thirty-three years unemployed.
The second case was that of Commodore
T. Craven, who on March 24, 1865, while
commanding the United States ship Niag
ara, lying in the bay of Coruna, Spain,
failed to accept the challenge of the Con
federate ironclad Stonewall on the ground
that the odds were too largely in favor of
the enemy. A court-martial, composed of
Vice Admiral Farragut, three rear ad
mirals, three commodores and two cap
tains, declared him practically guilty as
charged and sentenced him to suspension
from duty on leave pay for two years.
Secretary Gideon Welles returned the rec
ord to the court for revision, the findings,
in his opinion, being contrary to law, but
the ccurt reiterated its former decision.
The Secretary wrote a letter stingingly
rebuking the members of the court-mar
tial and wound up by setting the proceed
ings aside and relieving Commodore
Craven from arrest, the " sentence being
deemed entirely inadequate as a punish
ment for an offense for which the articles
of the navy may Impose the penalty of
death.
Continued from Pag« One.
Davids was subject. to epileptic fits and
it is thought that this might have prompt
ed him to end his • He was about SO
years .of ¦ age and unmarried. " -
He sank to the floor in a dying condi
tion. His friends sent ror the ambulance
and had him removed to the Central
Emergency Hospital. Dr. Morrison, who
was In attendance, located the bullet and
extracted it. Davids died a few minutes
after the operation and his body was sent
to the morgue. . •
Davids was behind the bar, serving a
party of friends with whom he had been
drinking. After finishing his drink he re
marked that it would be his lasUone,~and
taking a revolver from his pocket placed
it to his forehead and fired. .- v
Oscar Davids, a member of the firm of
Davids & Kroencke, retail grocers at the
southeast corner of Pine and Larkin
streets, ended his life in a dramatic man
ner at his place of . business" yesterday
afternoon. ,
Oscar Davids Commits
Suicide Behind a
Grocery Bar.
SHOOTS HIMSELF
BEFORE FRIENDS
sider whether another officer is just what
he is believed to be, and the Washington
clique is also taking its time to prove all
that its hired historian charges against
Rear Admiral Winfleld Scott Schley.
PORT TOWXSEND. July 23.— The ship
D. F. Sargent arrived here to-day with
Albert Norton dead and Second Mate Mc-
Carthy seriously injured. While the ves
sel was off Port Angeles Norton fell from
the mizzen topsail yards, striking Mate
McCarthy on the shoulders and injuring
him so severely that he was sent to the
marine hospital.
Eeaman's Fatal Fall.
"The icast I can say is that everything
the officers Cf the bund have to offer is
California's. Take what we have and be
welcome, and believe me when I say that
J am only sorry that we have not more to
give,"
He was followed by Captain C. F. Gren-
The celebration was opened by .Presi
dent Kuhls of the National Bund early
yesterday morning.
President Kuhls said in his opening
Fpeech:
California in helping to make the last .
day of the bundesfest a success. They
all went to the Schuetzen Club grounds at
Sa*h Rafael and 1 celebrated the success of
the "fest." among the groves of trees
and within sight of the butts where
many a victory had been scored by Cali
fornian marksmen. The Easterners,
Middle Westerners and people of the Far
West gathered.
STRECKER has been crowned king-.
Strecker has been banqueted.
Strecker has received a medal and
a cash prize, and Strecker has
been honored as no other Califor
nian has ever been honored in the ranks
of the shooters.
Strecker has returned to his dally occu
pation with his kingly honors, his medals
and his cash prize, but Strecker is not
to be forgotten. . — ~
Over at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael,
yesterday Strecker was everything. He
was the "king," and to be so", styled
among the men who traveled the width
of the continent for the sake of trying for^
the honors which King Strecker won"
meant more than the mere title implied.
The eleventh and last day of the Na
tional Schuetzen Bundes Festival found
all the participants ready to partake of
the banquet which was scheduled to take
place at the park near San Rafael. Yes
terday was selected as the "wind-up" of
the ten days" festival of the Schuetzen
Bund, and a "wind-up" it was in every
sense of the word. 1
Jolly New York marksmen, sporty Colo- I
rado crack shots and lively Eastern rifle- I
THIRD SHOOTING FESTIVAL CLOSES
WITH A BANQUET TO THE VISITORS
Eastern Western Crack Rifle Shots Gather Round the Festal Board
and Drink to the Health of King Strecker and the Success of the Fourth
National Schuetzen Bund to Be Held in New York Three Years Hence
One of the best speeches of the day was
that of King Strecker. He said in part:
"Twenty-two years ago I could have
claimed credit for being a marksman. To
day I give credit to my gun. As a Califor
nian I cannot say much, but I do say that
I am glad for the sake of the glory of my
State that I won." '.. . ¦
¦ Richard Welnacht of New York. Captain C.
Martens and Ernll Berckmann of Hoboken, N.
J.; Alfred Gfeller of St. Louis, Mo.; W.-W.
Yeager and W. O. Ramsey of Denver, Colo.;
and L. P. Ittel of Plttsburg.
2
"/ have used Peruna for dyspepsia
and I cheerfully givd you this testi-
monial. Am satisfied if it is used
Hon. Robert "W. Wilcox, Delegate to
Congress from Hawaii and the Sandwich
Islands, in a recent letter from Washing-
ton, D. C, writes:
CONGRESSMAN R. "W. WII«CO3C,
Delegate to Congress from Hawaii.
No one suffering with catarrh of the
stomach or dyspepsia, however slight, can
be well or happy. It is the cause of so
many distressing symptoms that It Is a
most dreaded disease. Peruna acts Imme-
diately on the seat of the trouble— the in-
flamed mucous membranes lining the
stomach — and a lasting cure Is effected.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable advice
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O.
properly it will be of great benefitto
our people. I can conscientiously rec-
ommend it to anyone who is suffering
with stomach or catarrhal troubles/*
—It. W. Wilcox.
All over this country arc hundred* of
people who are suffering from catarrh oc
the stomach who are wasting predo«3
time and enduring needless suffering. Tn»
remedies they try only temporarily pal-
liate the distress, but never effect a cure.
Remedies for dyspepsia have multiplied bo
rapidly that they are becoming as nu-
merous as the leaves of the forest, ana
yet dyspepsia continues to flourish In spite
of them all. This is due to the fact that
the cause of dyspepsia Is not recognized
as catarrh. .
If there Is a remedy In the whole range
of medicinal preparations that Is In every
particular adapted to dyspepsia that rem-
edy Is Peruna. This remedy la well nigh
Invincible In these cases.
Dr. Hartman, President of The Hartman
Sanitarium; Columbus, O.. says:
"In my largo practice and correspond-
enc».I have yet to learn of a single case
of atonic dyspepsia which has not either
been greatly benefited or cured by Pe-
runa." " •
MEMBER OF -.a"- SANDWICH
CONGRESS ISLANDS
Cured' of- Catarrh of the Stomach
i by Pe=ru»na.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GiUFORWI RORTHTOTERH RI. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
* . San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK dItS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
. at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50,, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS. .8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. ,m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:03 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa "Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville, n
3:30 pm 8:09 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pml" Hopland [10:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am • •• ¦ •"' ¦ 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm ¦ I 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen. Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ? • rr|10:40 am'10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for \ Duncan
Springs, Hlghlifcnd Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Spsings, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake^, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*s, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr'e Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, "West-
port, TJsal, Wlllits. Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, , Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates, f,
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
: Mimfei® i'v... 7 .
928 Market Street SAN f RANCISCO
to all holders of commutation
tickets. Call^and get one.
A serviceable and handy King V
Commutation Ticket Case will
Residents
Across=the=Bay
A#rENTION !
EAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains ltnin imii nrc dn* I* nrrlv* at
_ man rjiAJtv ia«:o.
(Main Line. Foot of Markrt Street.)
leave — ' From Jcit 14. 1901. — abrxtb
7:00a Benicia, Sulsun, Elmir* and Sacra-
mento 6:S3?
":OOa Vacitille. Wic,t:»s, Runuey .'... 7:3.1f
¦J iUO a M artinez, Sau Uainou. VaJlejo. N*pa.
UaliatfigaauiLSauO ltou 8:23r
S:O«A D»Tia, Woodland. Kcignts Landing.
Marjsfille. ()ro»ill«.. 7tS-1p
8:00a AUantiu Kxpresi-Ogdeu and East 12:£3p
H:O»a Xiles. Lithrap, Stockton 7s2*r
MiUOa Kilen. Mendota, Haoford. Visalia,
Porterrme 4s33»
StSWA Shasta Express— Datris. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, lied
Bluff, Portlaud. 7:33r
•i30a Sau Joie, Lifennore, Stockton,
lone. 8acrauieuto. rUcerfille,
Mi.rymillc, Cbicu. Ke<l ISlult 4i33r
SiSOa Oakdale. Chinese (Yosemite). So-
nora. Carters -l:23r
O:OOa Hayward. Niles and Way Station*.. « 1:3 5 4
9>VOA Vallejo la:23p
VtttVA Los Anzeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Latlirop. .Htooktou. Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles 7:23*
!)-.:ti»* Vallrjo, Martiuozamt Way Stations 7>33r
IO:OVA The Overlaud Limited— Ogdeo. Deo-
Ter, Oiuaha. Chicago «:33p
tl:OOpSaerameut(>Klfer8te>tiiieni |3iO»a
3:3<>r Hayward, Niles and Way Htotions.. 7:33r
4>OVr JUeulcia. Winters, Maeramenlo.
Wootlland. Kiiiichta ]»udliiK.
MnrysTlUe, Orofille..... I»:33a
4:00r Martinet. Han Itarnon, Vallejo,
Nairn. (.'rtliatDKii. Hiintii Kom <*i93a
4i00f Nilea, LiTermore. Stockton. Lodl..^ 12^3p
4 «:iwr Hayward. Mies, 8an J use. LiTtnnoro t » >33 a
4 :3I>P Port Cos'a. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1»i23a
3:OUp Tlie Owl Limited— frasuo. Tulare.
Bakersfleld. Saugus for Sauta Bar-
bara, Los Aiieeles S:33«
5:00p Martiafz. Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
eed.Fresno 13:23?
SiOop Tosemite 13:33r
- Oi3Op Hevr Orleans E»pre«8 Mendota, .
Fresno, Bakeratield. Los Angelea, , .,. ,
Deming, £1 Faao, New Orleans
and East 7:33a
•:«Op Hayward, Niles and Sau Josa 7i33a
t«:O»P Vallejo 11:33*
S:OOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago ia>S3r
OiOOr Orieutal Mail— Ogden, Deater,
St Louis, Chicago. , 4>S3p
7t00r Oregon and CaliforuU l£xpren,Nae>
niiiientii, Marjgtille, ICodilintf.
PortUtxt. I'll get .Sound and Kass 9:33 A
¦tWSrSan Pablo. 1'urt Costa, Martines
and Way Stations 11>S3a
\ |»»O3p VallBjo 7»gap
COAST LINE (NarroiT Unuge).
(Foot of Market Street.) •
17145a Santa Crnz Excursion to danta Cma
aud Principal Way Stations JSiQSr
Ss 1 9a Newark, CenterTllle.Hao Jose, ITelton,
, BoulderCreek.SautaOruzandWsy
Stations SiSor
fStlSr Newark, CenterTllIe, San Jose, New
Almadan, Felton, Itoulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations l»tS*>A
4il3r Newark. 8an Jose, Los Gatos tS:-io A
<4il3pGlenwood.BonlderO>eek,8anUCnia «»i3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm SiS JTRiSCISCO— fjoi of Market Street (Slip it—
t7:15 »:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:53 5:lJr.M.
rrimOilUKD— /t«l «r Bf«i««j.— 1».00 J3:00 tS.-OJ
IQiOOi.ii. , 12:00 2:00 i:BQr.M. -
COAST IilNE (Rroarf »ange).
(ThlrJ and fotTnaend Sta.)
«: I 4»a 8an.J«ae and Way Stations. A::k»a
17:00a Han Joaeaml Way Stutioiw ItHiij
/7:«oa New Almauen /-tllOy
J7j!»«a Sunday Excursion (or San Jcie.
Santa Crnz. - Paciflo Grove - and •
¦ ;.- Principal Way Stations. JS»30r
SiOOAHan Jose, HoilisteT. Hunt* Crux.
Facine Hrote, Salinas, San Lois ¦
¦ . . Obispo, Santa Barbara and Pria-
dpal iutermedUte xutlmis 7<3l»r
IOiSOa San Jose and Way Stations. 6:3Or
lllSUA 8au Jose ami Way Stations SfdOT
tat 13* San Mateo. Uedwood, >!?nlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Man Jose,
Hol'Ister, Santa Crux. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove t'" 8 * 1 '*
SiSOr San Jose, Tres Pinoa. Sauta Cruz,
Pacific Gtoto aud Way Stations 4<1«V
«4llSr San Jose and Principal Way SUtious »:43a
t3:UOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations f9:00»
StSOp 8an Jose and Principal WarRUttons 8(30a
- «iOOr Redwood. San Jose, Gil ray. Salinas.
Santa Barbari, Los Angeles 16:03*
6s3*)r San Jose and Way SUtious f«iO«A
qll;43f 3an Joseaml Way Stations 7>30T
A for Morninr. P for Afternoon,
t Snnday excepted. i Randay only.
- m Saturday only. « Monday.
• Saturday snd Sunday. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
Santaf e Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. I Local I Lini'd I Ovrl'd 1 Local
r I Dally 1 * | Dally | r>ally
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 9:00a 8:00p 4:2Op
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:C5 a 10:50 p
.* Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p' 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40a 7:30a
¦"* Chicago.. I »:15p 9:00 p
a for morningr. p for afternoon.
•9:C0 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chlcagro. Chair Car run?
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
4:20 p m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:80 p. m.
%W p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and ' Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
i& 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points fn San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.-
Offlces— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, , Oak-
lanrl.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY,
COOL AND DUSTLESS. ., ;
>< Daily Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
/ Dining Car. Meals a la Cart«.
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
7 EAS '¦ERN POINTS.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. S33 Market st. *
>^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J[ pJSft 620 HEARST ST. Established
gy*T5^*V\ i I( |«*34 for the treatment fit Private
f*LjJc»--flew Diseases. J-ost Manhood. Debilitv or
|lMKSgggkdlM>ase wearingon body and mind and
trMSnBgJMSkin Diseases. The Doctorcnreswiien
iNEjStlsBi otners * a "* ' l ' TJ him " ( ' Qar Sfs low.
r»J»I"re<»Ml T "i' ¦ 1 1 1 ii w li 1 il Cnllorwrit*
i JDr. J. i\ CilBBOX. bau Francisco. Cat _
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
, ' •'¦ . Vl» BtBMliw Ferry— Foot »t Market St. '','
uivt ¦«•• run. : *««ivi •*¦ nua.
TS *•£•*•- -WEEK DAYS..;.. jjj^E
8:00 a. M.I f 12:15 P. If.
»«0a. M. , - 1:15 F. M.
82£2: l.......«uNDAY........ < ,.» l: £
1:30 p.m. . .. - 6*0 r.M.
230p.m. . ¦---• A \ 7:10r.K,
' Fan. In FrHdH* I* Sasnft mi BtHra, $1.4» .¦ ,* y ¦ ¦
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.,"& SausaHto Perry ,'
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
DB,MEYEI1UCO,
Specialist. Disease
anS weakness s of
in e n. Established
1881. Consultation
and private ; book
free, at office or by
mail. Cures guar-
anteed. "¦'731 Mar-
ket ¦ street (eleva-
tor entrance), San
Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farrv.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55. 8:30, *9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45..»1:43, 8:15, 4:15, 5:15, 8:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on » Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, *9:0O, *10:00, 11:00 11:30
a. m.. 12:45 1:30. 2:30, *3:45, 5:00, J:0O. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. -• vv <
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK' DAYS— »5:25, 6:27, 7:47. 8:35, 10:15
a. m.. *12:25, 1:15, 2:20. »3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *S:0O. 9:45, •11:00 a. m.. »12
m.. 1:00, 2:15, »3:30. 4:30. »5:45, 6:45, 7:30. 10:10
p. nu- • ¦ . ' : .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a. m., 12:35. 1:45, 2:45, 3:50, 6:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. :"
SUNDAYS— 6:33, 8:00, 10:05, 11:10 a. m.. 12:15
1:20. 2:30: 3:45, 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
• THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. •
¦3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. • •¦-¦•¦¦
5:15 p.'m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m.' Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10 a. ¦ m. Sundays— Point Reyes aM way
stations. * \'A
The town is full of Fels-
Naptha that is worth five times
as much as anv mere soao
Used by people of refinement
for over a carter of a century.
.
CONGRESSMAN R. TV. WILCOX.
Ai your Service
' ' : "
i The porters in charge
/ of Burlington tourist sleep- ."
irig cars are picked men.
Most of them have been-
' with us for years. They
are honest, civil and oblig-
ing. They know what is
expected of them, and the
excursion managers see
that they do it.
From Los Angeles, Monday and
Wednesdays : San ' Francisco, Tues-
• • days and Thursdays ; Omaha, Chi-
cago, Kansas City. St. Louis—
EVERYWHERE east.
' mm Tickets and bertha
If. ]',',[ I W Mill at 631 Market Street.
ll*Iii!M§il W * **" Sanboxw,
[raMjJWffiJ Gen'l Agent
¦ • . ¦¦ - - -¦¦ - *Visit Stockton.
Special excursion via Santa Fe Saturday, July
27th. i Rate $2.00 for the round trip. Tickets good
returning , Sunday- or Monday. ¦ Trains - . leave
from Santa Fe slip, foot of Market St., 7:20 a.
m., 4:20 p.' m. and 8 p. m. ¦:-".'
DECIDES IMPORTANT *
POINT IN-MINING LAW
Locator of a Lode May Follow Its
: Dip Under Adjacent Patented
Land.
RENO, Nev.,' July 24.— The mining case
of Widekind vs. Bell was decided by
Judge Talbot to-day In favor of the plain
tiff. This suit was brought to test the
right of the locator of a lode to follow Its
dip under -land covered by a Unlteo
States agricultural patent, and Is of great
interest to mine owners along the Pacific
Coast. Judge Talbot held that when the
top or apex of a lode was within the ex
terior lines of a valid mining location the
locator had a right to follow its dip into
adjoining patented land, mineral or agri
cultural. This decision gives the Wide
kind location and also the Bell location to
'ohn Sparks, who recently bought the in-
them. When Agnew and Ross learned
this they made George take up the lines.
Ross then sent a man to get them that
they might take them back to McNear
and see if they could get some of their
money back.- ¦
The prosecution made a vain- attempt
this morning to Impeach Agnew's reputa
tion, but a number of - prominent mer
chants of the city took the stand in his
behalf. Attorney Thomas P. Boyd, for
the defendant.' in his closing address •¦ to
the jury bitterly arraigned the prosecu
tion for letting the real criminal go and
trying to convict an innocent man. > The
jury returned a verdict in about twenty
minutes. •> . ,
SAN RAFAEL. July 24.— Deputy Con
stable George Agnew was promptly ac
quitted by a Jury in the Superior - Court
here this afternoon of the charge of hav
ing Chinese sturgeon lines in his posses
sion. The State Fish Commission prose
cuted the case with unusual bitterness. .
Last March, before Agnew was appoint
ed a constable, he and Walter Ross lent
John George, a Greek fisherman residing
at San Quentln, about €80 to renew his
fishing outfit, that had been destroyed by
fire. George took the money and bought
a lot of sturgeon lines from : Dr. • McNear
and Immediately commenced fishing with
GEORGE AGNEW PROMPTLY
ACQUITTED BY A JURY
Fish Commission Fails to Prove
Him Guilty of Violating the
State Laws.
efforts .were not fruitless. The visitors had a royal time, but
after it is all over everybody who has had anything to do with
either affair Is filled to the brim with a torrid, double-barreled,
back-action tired . feeling that threatens to throw the entire
community into an irredeemable state of lethargic desuetude.
The departure of the city's guests is an occasion for popular
sorrow and rejoicing. . Sorrow because of the sundering of
social ties which the reception and entertainment of strangers
necessarily created— rejoicing because in the fullness of time
men become full of a good thing to the paradoxical point, and
then they rejoice at the loss j of that which for an interval
caused them the keenest enjoyment. We are glad they came,'
and now we are settling back into our old accustomed grooves. '
The leaguers and shooters depart with the echoing cries of
"bon voyage" ringing in their ears.
San Franciscans have had two weeks of pleasurable ex
citement and they are now paying the piper for furnishing the
music to, which they danced in the manner. indicated by The
Call artist. Every physiognomic angle is described, and all
bear witness to the debilitating, effects of late hours spent in
religious meditation or in squinting through telescopic bulls~
eyes, only to miss center by a vard. All of these things are ap
preciated while they last, but when the inevitable end cometh
it is welcomed as a consummation devoutly to be wished for.
To the leaguers and shooting kings, with their retinues, there
fore, San Franciscans extend their best wishes for a safe jour
ney home and a speedy return.
THE average San Franciscan at the present time envies
the "Weary Willie" on the roadside, 'who wakes up in
the morning refreshed, though his cot has been mother
earth and his only roof the cloudless sky. lie Is ready
.. for the adventures of the day and enters into them
with a spirit of liveliness, especially bo when through some
event unforeseen by him it becomes necessary to take part in
a hurdle race over fences with tha farmer's bulldog. The aver
age, citizen Just now Is suffering from a bad attack of "tired
feeling," entirely different ' from the "feeling" that comes
"after meals," and which is curable, so the patent medicine ad
reads, by liberal doses of somebody's renowned dyspepsia
cure. He is tired and weary and longs for a rest. He yawns
incessantly and lazily stretches himself as he thinks of how
pleasant it' would be to loll under a Bhade tree in the country
with nothing to do but rest, rest, rest, and be as free from care
as "Weary Willie."
Tha cause of the variegated movements now so conspicu
ously prominent in all circles, social, mercantile and otherwise.
was the presence at one time in the city of two international
affairs. One was the great Epworth League Convention, the
other the annual shooting fest of the National Bund. They
attracted many thousands to San Francisco, and the accom
modation of the guests Involved stupendous and costly prep
aration. The committees worked like beavers to render the
stay of the visitors comfortable, and events showed that these
FETALTJMA, July 24. — Dominlco Corso,
a Swiss dairyman, was the victim of a
bold daylight robbery on Hopper street.
East Petaluma. this afternoon, P. Mar
tinelli, a fellow countryman,- relieving
him of $300. Corso had been employed on
the P. Sartori ranch at Reclamation for
several years. This morning he quit work
and drew the money that had accumu
lated In wages, about $1400. Then he start
ed out for a good time and soon was
helplessly intoxicated. In the course of
his wandering3 Corso met Martinelli, who
learned of the size of his pocketbook, and
It was an easy matter to knock Corso
down and take part of the money. -
Corso eoon recovered .and notified the
f>ollce. Officer Myers located Martinelli
n a lumber yard, where he was counting
the stolen money. He is now In the City
JaiL
Corso claims there was $500 in the pack
et taken, but Martinelli had only $400
when arrested. Martinelli was formerly
a deputy sheriff of Phoenix, Ariz., and
has been here but a short time.
. • . ..
Intoxicated Farm Employe Tempora
rily Believed of a Boll cf
BillsT-G^v
BOBBED IN DAYLIGHT
IN EAST PETALUMA
DEPARTURE OF RECENT VISITORS CAUSES THAT
TIRED FEELING TO GET IN ITS DEADLY WORK
3JOB ATTACKS JOCKEY
BECAUSE HORSE IS BEATE1T
"Cash" Sloan Has Narrow Escape
From Death on a Track in
Bussia.
LONDON*. ' July 24.— "Cash" Sloan, the
American Jockey, who has been riding in
Rucsia, had an exciting experience at the
Moscow races, where he narrowly escape J
death at the hands of a furious mob.
Sloan had been riding with such contin
uous success that his mounts were always
favorites. On the occasion in question he
rofie a horse which had no chance of win
ning. The unsophisticated crowd, how
ever, backed the American's mount as us
ual, and when he was beaten their indig
nation boiled over and a raging mob of
males and females savagely attacked the
jockey, who was rescued with difficulty
by a military contingent and a powerful
detachment of police.
A man usually puts his best foot for
ward, but it's different with a mule.
PITTSBURG. Pa., July 24.— Two moves,
it is reported, were made by the aggres
sive officials of the American Sheet Steel
Company to-day toward the breaking of
the strike. One was the shipping of some
of the- non-union men that have been
employed in the Vandergrift mills of the
company to Wellsville to assist in the
starting of the plant there. It was stated
that the men were to be shipped to Wells
vill© during the early evening and would
reach there after dark. As a consequence
of this report there is suppressed excite
ment pervading Wellsville, which at any
moment may break out into a serious
condition. Both strikers and officials of
the company are on the alert and ready
for any emergency. The impression is
strong to-night that the general officers
of the United States Steel Corporation
have become determined on the subject
of an early breaking of the strike and
to ultimately force the operation of all
the idle plants.
Second Important Move.
The second move that is understood to
have been initiated to-day is the starting
of the long idle Hyde Park plant of the
American Sheet Steel Company. This
plant was taken into the combination,
burdened with objectionable contracts
made by the former owners and has re
mained idle since. .The long idleness of
this mill has caused most of the men for
merly employed there to leave Hyde
Park for other places, and the company
believes there would be less difficulty in
starting this plant than where the Amal
gamated Association has control.
It was apparent In Pittsburg this even-
Ing that fresh and decidedly important
developments in the strike of the steel
workers were about to take place.
At the Amalgamated headquarters the
two leading officials of the association
were absent during the greater part of
the day. It wa3 stated that President
Shaffer was away on personal business
and had nothing in hand concerning the
strike. The absence of Secretary John
"Williams was also accounted for in the
same manner. The conference held on
Tuesday night, which kept President
Shaffer and Secretary Williams out until
early this, morning remains as mysteri
ous as before. None of these officials
would give out any hint as to what ha<3
taken place aside from stating positively
that thev had not met any of the officials
of the "United States Steel Corporation.
Whatever the object of the meeting, it i3
believed to have been continued to-day,
and much of importance is expected to he
developed from the conference.
Question of Injunctions.
The question of the manufacturers se
curing injunctions against the Amalga
mated Association was discussed guard
edly during the day. Assistant Secretary
M. F. Tighe said he did not 'think the
measure would be resorted to at this
stage of the proceedings, -even If it was
contemplated for a later day. There was
practically no cause for such a meas
ure, and if there was he doubted if, un
der the conditions that exist at present,
the courts would grant such orders. ' Par
ticularly is this the case in Pennsyl
vania. In Ohio President Shaffer seemed
to ¦ feel confident that such injunctions
would not be granted. Those best ac
quainted with the feelings of the manu
facturers say there is, in their opinion,
little cause for believing that such meas
ures will be resorted to at this time.
terest of George Widekind in the Reno
Star. .
A few weeks ago Judge Curler denied
Widekind an injunction to restrain Bell
from taking out ore en his claim adjoin
ing the Reno Star on land upon which
Bell held a United States patent. The de
cision was followed by the present suit,
and In the Interim Bell put up steam
hoisting works and worked his claim to
the limit, taking out many thousands of
dollars every week. .
Two Moves Are Made
by Officials of Ameri
can Company.
TRUST TRYING
TO BREAK STRIKE
CITIZENS SIDE
WITH STRIKERS
Object to the Presence
of Deputies in
Port Costa.
The stevedores, riggers and stationary
engineers have gone out in sympathy
with the warehousemen's strike. This
will cause a tieup in all shipping.
Five boatloads of strikers sailed around
to Eppinger & Co.'a warehouse at Crock
ett this morning and took away twenty
five Italians who had been sent down
from McNear's warehouse to unload %
barge. The Italians claimed they knew
nothing of the strike, and had they knowr*
there was a strike here they would not
have come. They were hired in San Fran
cisco.
The ¦Warehousemen's TJnion last night
issued a boycott against the Port Costa
brands of flour. Circulars were sent to
all unions in the State notifying thorn to
cease patronizing tho Port Costa Hour
mills at Vallejo.
PORT COSTA, July 24.— The cotamenrc
ment of the second week of the ware
housemen's -Jtrlke nan brought a new
factor into the fight. Taxpayers of Con
tra Costa County held a mass-meeting
last night. - ihe object being to protest
against the action of Sheriff Veal In
bringing twenty-five deputies ' to Port
Costa to protect non-union men brought
in to work Jn the McNear warehouses. Aa
the countv i» asked to defray the ex
penses of the Sheriff and bis posse,
amounting: to $175 a ' day, 1633 taxpayers
have signed a petition protastlngr against
payment. .
Special Dispatch. to The Can.
LONDON. July 24.— "The shade temper
ature in Madrid to-day was 103 degrees
Fahrenheit." says a dispatch to the Daily
Express from the Spanish capital. "Tha
heat was so overpowering Monday that
Parliament had to be closed hastily. In
Seville. Cordova and Cadiz ths shade tem
perature jvas 125 degrees." ¦
Hot Weather Closes Parliament.
NEW TORK. July 24.— Dr. Doty, health
officer of the port of New York, announced
to-day that the illness of Rabviane. the
stoker on the steamer Hohenfels, who
was sent to Swinburne Island on Monday,
has been diagnosed as bubonic plague.
The Hohenfels came from Calcutta. Dr.
Doty says the case is a mild one. AH of
the crew of the steamer will be held at
Swinburne Island for observation, and tho
vessel will be thoroughly disinfected.
Plague Victim at TSevr Tork.
NAPLES, July 23. — Francisco Crispi, ac
cording to a bulletin issued to-day, is still
in a critical condition, but there are some
Indications of improvement.
HELENA, Mont., July 24.-WUliam Mil
ler, alias E. H. Grant, supposed to be one
of the most notorious postofflce box rob
bers In the United States, was arrested
by Postofflce Inspector Salmon of Cincin
nati and Deputy United States Marshal
Michael Wall of Helena at Havre yester
day and brought here last night.
The Federal authorities are x satisfied
that they have the man they have spent
months in trying to locate, and believe
they have broken up one v of the boldest
gangs that .ever preyed on Government
mails. Its field of operations was Cincin
nati, Toledo, Cleveland and other cities
east and west.
After having a large force of postofflce
Inspectors on the trail of the gang for a
long time arrests were finally made last
spring in Omaha. Two members of the
gang, Prentiss Tiller and E. G. Grant,
were taken into custody by officers. In
Chicago they escaped, but Tiller was
caught in Chicago within a few days and
Grant was traced to" Buffalo, where he
was arrested about a month later. Tiller
and E. G. Grant were sentenced for five
years. •
Successful Oonoluslon of a
Long Chase for Bos
Robbers.
Federal Officers Break
Up a Gang of Crim
1 inals.
POSTAL THIEF
IN LAW'S GRASP
Interesting Developments Ex
pected in tho Colo
rado Oase.
« •
DENVER, July 24.— The persons alleged
to be members of the Bender family, for
whom, according: to a dispatch from To-
peka. Governor Stanley of Kansas has Is
sued requisition papers on Governor Or
man of Colorado, are Mrs. .Frank Ayres
and her mother, known as Mrs. Reed of
Fort Collins, where they reside, and Will
Baker of Longmont
Mrs. Ayres was formerly the wife of
Charles Lamont, who is serving a four
teen-year term in prison for criminal as
sault. After she secured a divorce from
Lamont she married Frank Ayres and
they lived on adjoining ranches near Man
hattan, Kan., a mining camp, forty miles
from Fort Collins. Two years ago a fam
ily from Kansas named Maddox, going
through that portion of Colorado in prai
rie schooners, camped at Ayres' place.
Mrs. Maddox is said to have exclaimed
on coming face to face with Mrs. Ayres:
"Why. you're Kate Bender!"
The exclamation was made in the pres
ence or Ayres. who later went to Kansas,
disguising himself as a woman, so that
his wife could not trace him. and at Cher
ryvale told the officers of his suspicions
regarding his wife's family. He declares
that Mrs. Reed is in reality Mrs. Bender
and that she has separated from her hus-
Mrs, Ayres Declares That
She Oan Prove
an Alibi.
SAYS HER NAME
WAS NOT BENDER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOEXIX. Ariz.. July 84.— News was re
ceived here to-day of the tragic suicide of
Bert Ohmerty, a well-known young man,
who shqi»himself near Congress. A few
days ago Miss Ethel Kent was accident
ally ohot and killed by Ohmerty's gun,
which he had leaned against a rock near
Kent camp. Miss Kent knocked the gun
down and it exploded, giving her a wound
from which she died a few hours later.
Despondent over what he believed to have
been the result of his carelessness Ohmer
ty brooded over the accident until he de
cided to end his own life by suicide.
o'clock this morning 101.6 was recorded,
the highest mark ever touched so early In
the day elnce the local weather bureau
has been established. For seven hours
after that the temperature ranged be
tween 104 and 105^4. Still there Is no relief
in sight, either in Kansas City or any
part of the Southwest. In the twenty-four
hours the rain .reported has been showers
at Hayes, Central Kansas, last night, and
at El Reno, O. T., at noon to-day. Five
deaths directly attributable to the heat
were reported in the two Kansas Citys
to-day, with a total of over thirty pros
trations. Several prostrations are also re
ported from the country.
Mercury in Kansas.
TOPEKA. Kans.. July 24.— The heat
record for Kansas was broken again to
day. This has been the regular announce
ment for several days past, but to-dav the
official record at the University of Kan
sas showed a temperature of 10S degrees.
In Topeka the Government's record gave
it as 106 degrees, while good thermometers
on the street registered 110 and 112 de
grees. Manhattan reports 112 degrees.
Emporia 112. Ottawa 110, Wichita 104 and
Abilene 10?. Numerous prostrations are
reported, and In Abilene there were three
deaths.
No rains of any consequence have fallen
in the State during the day. Central Kan
sas was the only place having even light
thunder showers. "What rains fell yester
day served only to temporarily reduce the
extremely high condition of the atmos
phere. To-mght no relief is in sight.
There was some thunder early in the
evening, but it looks now as if the threat
ened rain had passed over again, as it has
done a dozen times within the past two
weeks.
Everything is stifled with dust, and the
people of Kansas are beginning 1 to realize
in all its fullness what a drought is. The
financial part of the situation is lost sight
of for the present. What is being thought
of now Ss the extreme physical discom
fort resulting from the heat, the alarminp
scarcity of drinking and stock water and
the prospect of much sickness after the
heated spell.
OMAHA. July 24.— Except in the record
for July 26. 1S34, which is equaled to-day,
with the thermometer registering 105 de
grees at 4 p. m., all heat records for the;
past twenty-seven years are broken. Up
to 4 o'clock two deaths and four prostra
tions had been reported officially.
ENDS LIFE BECAUSE
OF A GIRL'S DEATH
Arizona Youth Broods Over
His Responsibility for an
Accident.
Great Corn Belt of the Middle West Suffers From
the Destroying Heat— Deaths Are Reported in
Kansas and the Forecasters Predict No Storm
Soldiers' Home Inmates Show
Dislike for Their Quarter
master.
OLD VETERANS HANG
OFFICER IN EFFIGY
Such rainfalls as occurred to-day and
tvere cfiiCially reported to the Weather
Bureau were none of them heavy in
amount, the greatest precipitation being
at ixarquette, where It amounted to less
than half an inch. In other section* also
pome rain fell, notably at Chicago, New
Orleans, Salt Lake and Vicksburg. Tem
peratures will continue high to-morrow in
the central valleys and in the Central
« est. and In addition to the localities al
ready noted occasional showers are pre
dicted in the Middle Gulf States, the Cen
tral Rocky Mountain region and the ex
treme Southwest.
- There were also to-day some local thun
derstorms in Oklahoma. The maximum
temperature line of 100 degrees to-day
egam encircled the Upper Mississippi
T. alley. Lower Missouri Valley and Middle
and Lower Ohio valleys. St. Louis re
ported a temperature of 10S and St. Paul
one of 104 degrees, both record-breaking.
KANSAS CITY. July 24,-For twelve
consecutive hours to-day the Government
thermometer hrre registered above 100.
while the record of l'»6 of Monday was
not touched, the day was the severest
ever experienced in Kansas Citv. At 11
Light Bains in Cities.
WASHINGTON. July 24.— Scattered
thunder showers in the northern tier of
Etates In the Central West to-day gave
some relief In that locality from the In
tense heat These showers, generally light
In character, occurred In th« Oakotas,
Southern Minnesota, Northwestern Iowa,
the extreme northern portion of Illinois,
In Minnesota, and in Michigan. More of
these ehowers and over a wider area are
expected to-morrow. Their effect, how
ever, -will bo temporary and warm weath
er is again predicted for Friday.
In the great corn belt the Intense heat
still continues, and there seems to be no
immediate prospect of a general rain,
though the fact that showers are becom
ing more general than for some days is
encouraging to the officials here, who
hope they may be the forerunner of a gen
er »l break-up in the heat and drought
conditions, although the forecasters will
not say that this is a probability. For to
morrow showers are indicated for the re
gion trczn the Dakotas eastward, and
there is a possibility of showers in Ne
braska. Iowa. Northern Illinois. Northern
Indiana and Northern Ohio.
Governor Lajrrangre attributes the un
fortunate incident to a dozen "chronic
pr;rmb'ers" and is inclined to espouse the
Quartermaster's cauye.
Quartermaster Simson. who has been an
nlT.cer of the hcrne about a year, ranking
as mcjor. has never been popular with
the veterans. Recently the supply of
<Mecmarpari:ie pave out and the veterans
b'ampd Simson for it. complaining that lie
had been negligent in not ordering a ship
ment :n time. Ar:o)her cause of action
v.-as th<=> veterans' gallantry in espousing
the cause of the quartermaster's wife in
a matrimonial quarrel.
LCo AN'CELES. July 24.— The peace and
•ruiet of the Soldiers' Home near Santa
Monica was disturbed to-day by a some
¦rhat Frr.E3ticr.3l occurrence, the hanging
!n effgy of Quartermaster J. H. Simeon,
one of t!ie four commissioned officers of
the Iri5t"tutlori. A scarecrow made of
rid p-Erments ETufTed with straw end
labelled "1-4 master" was "executed"
some tfme during the nljrht and left hacs
irE to the cross piece of an electric lignt
pe!e.
£pecttl Dispatch t? Th»> Call.
THUNDER SOUNDS BUT SHOWERS
ARE FEW ON SUN-SMITTEN LANDS
conference with local Republicans. To
morrow he will return to the north. In
the course of a short interview he had
this to eay:
"I am not prepared to announce my
candidacy. I am merely looking around
and" sizing up things. I may say. how
ever, that In traveling about the State. I
have found affairs much more favorable
to me than I had anticipated. I shall
want to look over the field more thor
oughly still before making any announce
ment and shall go north to-morrow for
that purpose."
Supporters of Thomas Flint Jr., Led by Former
SenatorBulla, BelleveChances for Wresting Con
trol of Southern California From Gage Are Bright
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 24.— There Is little
doubt that former State Senator Robert
N. Bulla will lead the forces of Thomas
Flint Jr. against those of Governor Gage
in the coming battle for supremacy south
of the Tehachapl. Senator Bulla declared
himself for Flint some weeks ago. Sen
ator Flint will not say that he has select
ed his Southern leader. He says that he
is "looking around" and Is pleased with
.conditions as he has found them. Senator
Bulla is equally non-committal, but those
who are informed in things political are
well aware that Flint is In the fight and
that Bulla Is to be his prophet.
The Governor's followers are confident
that Los Angeles is safe for them. The
Flint people are confident that they have
something better than a fighting chance
and declare that the hardest battle that
will occur between the two opponents will
be fcr the control of Southern California.
Senator Flint spent most of to-day in
band, who Is living In Utah, and that "Will
Baker Is young Bender.
Mrs. Ayres denies that she Is Kate
Bender, and declares that she will prove
an alibi. She Is about 50 years old. It is
said that Edward L. Burton, a lawyer of
Oswego, Kan., together with an old resi
dent of Galena, who knew the Benders,
are at present in Fort Collins for the pur
pose of making a positive identification of
the persons suspected if possible.
Governor Orman is out' of the city,' but
his private secretary says that the requi
sition papers mentioned in the Topeka
dispatch have not yet been received.
LOS ANGELES THE BATTLEGROUND
OF GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATES
THE SAN FKANCISCC) CALL, THUKSDAY, JULY 25, 1901.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
19 one of the curious expressions nsed
for worked out. Many a woman drops
into a chair, in .utter weariness "all
played out," and wonders _"
why she feels so weak. She &/Q
has not yet realized that f-^J'aTf
the general health is so fil^u.
intimately related to the A )1KJ\ j
local health of the S^^LSan
womanly, organism, JmSm^^Jm^z
that weakness must £&$$?*n&m
follow womanly dis- >^^»-*iu353j*i£[
Restoration /^s^a^ffipj
scription. 1 1
regulates the periods, dries weakening
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion, and cures female weakness. It
tranquilizes the nerves, encourages the
appstite and induces refreshing sleep.
There is no substitute for "Favorite
Prescription," for there is nothing "just
as good " for womanly ills.
« I wish to advise the saScriag women of thi3
great land, of the good I have received from Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription and ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery," » writes Mrs. Mary Shappell, of
Colambua Grove, Putnam Co., Ohio. "For four
years I had been a sufferer from female troubles,
and at times was unable to do even the house-
work for thrse in the family. I had such pains
that I suffered almost death" dozens of times. But
after taking five bottles of your medicines I can
truthfully say that my health was greatly im-
proved. I have a good appetite and am eainis?
in flesh risbt along. This spring is the first
time in five years that I have done mv houss
cleaning all by myself and without the least
fatigue "whatever. I hope all suffering women
may find relief as I have done. -
"My gain in weight ha3 been just ten pounds,
¦ad I am still gaining."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, iooS large pages, paper covers,
is sent free on receipt of 21 one-cent
stamps to pay expense of. mailing only,
or for cloth-bound book, send 31 stamps.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo^ N. Y.Interest in the coming meeting of the
Breeders', Association, which is to be held
at Sacramento from July 30 to August 3,
inclusive, is on the increase. At a meet
ing of the Golden Gate Park Driving As
sociation, held Tuesday evening, the fol
lowing entries for two ¦ of the five races
set apart for the gentlemen drivers were
received: First race— George L. SweU'a
Steve S, H. W. Miller's The Driver, Dr.
R. B. Dalziel's Belle Hanson, L. Richard
son's Menlo Belle. J. D. Cuicello's Denny
Healy and B. Croner's Butcher Boy.
Second race— William Van Keuren's
Mattie B, Albert Joseph's Durfee Me, Neil
Prendergast's Boliver, P. Gomez' Lafay
ette and Arthur Jacob's Eden Vale.
Trotting Horse Races.
Daily Epworth League Excursions to
Southern California, July 18th ;
to August 15th.
Southern Pacific sells Epworth Leaguers
and friends round trip tickets to Southern
California, including San Jose,' Santa Bar
bara, Los Angeles, Riverside, Redlands
San Bernardino, Santa Ana, Pasadena,
Pomona, Long Beach and Santa Monica
for $19.50, limit August 31. Stopovers
everywhere. San Diego, Catalina, Mount
Lowe, Del Monte and Santa Cruz slight
extra charge. Call Southern Pacific of
fices, 613 Market street and Mechanics'
Pavilion. : -
+i ? g K fc Go J d> the recen t English Importa
tion by Fabulous Fortune, the noted
Waterloo: cup winner, out of Weeper,
makes his initial .start in this country!
Coursing experts claim that he is sure to
make his mark, as he has been carefully
trained by. George Sharman, the noted
handler ol greyhounds. The other entries
' n pa th . e st ake embrace all the well known
cracks. The reserve stake should be even
more exciting, as the entries are known
to be more evenly ', matched. Following
is the result of last night's drawing:
? Champion ; ¦ stake-Pasha Kennels' For Free-
V«^rt T • s - 'P rice'» Brutus; T. J. Cronies
Vandal vs.- A. R.; Curtis' Luxor; A. R. Curtis'
Rector vs ;. J . Morrlarlty's Snapper Garrison;
Rmr^if 7 ? I ? e . land " v ?- Star Kennels' Game
twV *?- rl £ 8 p j card ¦ Brl « ht Gold vs. Chiarini
Brothers Dewdrop; Yosemite Kennels' Mose
m^ A £ n ?, ld neIs ' F ine Fire; Star Kennels'
Herschel s Pride vs. Star Kennels' Mayflower:
Rnv?P Z l % F « y ! n f Fox vs/ °- Zanl-S Homer
w m" 4-> Cl i rt £ Anchor vs - F- A. McComb's
Warship; D. J. Healy's Lady Claire vs. E. N.
Kellogg s Frisco Lad; D. . J. Healy's Sisquoc
I'S- F. A. McComb's Said Pasha; F. Jones'
Wedgewood vs. J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence. i
¦Reserve stake, 104 entries— T. J. Cronin's
Tralee Boy vs. Pasha Kennels' Rocket; P. 11.
Curtis McKinley vs. A. R. Curtis' Lord Bea
consfield; P. M. Curtis' Sir Pitt vs. P. M.
Curtis Cash; T. J. Cronin's Parlor. Maid vs.
fatar Kennels' Master Lawrence; ¦ George Shar
man s Black Flush vs. L. F. . Battels' Banner
Bright; Star Kennels' Fontenoy vs. W. Kra
mers Onwood; E. M. Kellogg's Modest Lad
vs. J. Kane s-Greenhall; E. Neeve's Strayaway
vs. Aeneid Kennels' Argus; J. Rock's Lady's
Choice vs. P. M. Curtis' Betty Martin; E.
Geary s Bonnie Hughie vs. Aeneid Kennels''
Agamemnon; A. Vanderwhite's Montana Belle
vs. A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad; W. C. Glasson's
Lady Sears vs. J. R. McCarthy's John Doe;
Pasha Kennels' Master Rocket vs. J. Carroll's
A wkward; .C. Bonner's Wild ;Norah vs. P.
Reillys Lady Grenard; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan
vs. j. d. CardinalPs Union Jack; D. J. Healy's
Tiburon vs. T. J. Cronin's Killarney; Chiarini
Brothers Bona Magniflca vs. Pasha. Kennels'
Rude Awakening; Pasha Kennels' Ben Kirby
vs- T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R: A. R. Curtis"
Candelarla vs. Chiarini Brothers' Santenon- E
Geary s Bonnie Pasha vs. W. J. Leonard's Tom
Hurley; J. Kelly's Governor Mac vs. E; Geary's
Ruble Sankey; George Graham's (names) Ty
rone Prince vs. F. A. McComb's Hot Haste; E.
N. Whiteside's Greenback vs. Pasha Kennels'-
Lawrence; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill vs. S.
Henderson's Trade Dollar; Jame3 A. Kline's
Coronado vs. J. Moriarity's Kittleman; P. M.
Curtis' Warpath vs. Star Kennels' Black
head; Pasha Kennels' Snapshot vs. P. M. Cur
tis' ' Shadow; P. Jackson's Golden Russet vs.
George Sharman's Bowery Boy; Aeneid Ken
nels' Achilles vs. Sterle & Knowles' Freeze
out; P. J. Nolte's Silver Lion vs. Aeneid Ken
nels' Athena; W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells vs.
P. Rellly's Cascade; P. J. Healy's Elista vs.
E. Neeve's First Foot; Sterle & Knowles' Jtlp-'
pie vs. Star Kennels' Pickpocket; J. M. Hal
ton's May Hempstead vs. A. Vanderwhite's
Copper King; Chiarini Brothers' White Hat
vs. F. B. Gerber*s ¦ Mount Ida; Sterle &
Knowles' Cold Shivers vs."J. Mahar's Game
Cock; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured- vs. J.
Kerrigan's Roxana; T. J. Mclnerney's Nora
vs. J. Smith's Bonnie Boy; George Sharman's
St. Ives vs. L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain; J.
Perlgo's Faraway vs. P. Stelnhoff's Veto: T.
J. Mclnerney's Regina R vs. J. Smith's Mas
ter Workman; Pasha Kennels' Real Article
vs. P. Doyle's Thelma: P. M. Curtis' Narcis
sus vs. T. J. Cronin's Minnie; F. A. McComb's
Patriot vs.E. Geary's Fannie Hughie; A. R.
Curtis' King Cotton vs. Pasha Kennels' Rustic
Arbor; Sterle & Knowles' For Liberty vs. E.
N. Kellogg's Sweet Emma; T>. J. Healy's
Tapioca vs. J. D. Cardinal's Jessie B: George
Sharman's Chicago Boy vs. Sierle & Knowles'
For Glory; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer vs.
Pasha Kennels' Royal Alliance; P. Doyle's
Liberator vs. ,E. Geary's Minnie Sankey; E.
Neeve's Castaway vs. W. N. Hoag"s Cecil M-
W. H. Kocher's Merrlwar vs. T. J. Mclnerney's
Annie Hall. -
A high .class champion stake of twenty
four nominations and a reserve stake of
104 entries will be run off at Union Cours
ing Park on Saturday and Sunday. One
round of the 'reserve stake will be run on
Saturday and the champion stake will be
finished on Sunday. Coursing will begin
both days on the arrival of the 10:15 a, m.
train. . -
Many Nominations for the
Reserve and Champion
ship Stakes.
Bright Gold to Make His
First Appearance at
Union Park.
NOTED ENGLISH
DOG WILL RUN
"Mr. Chairman," said the leader of the
stranger delegates. "I am not a member
of this club. I represent another club in
Forty-First District.
The Central RerjuDlican Club of the
Forty-first Assembly District met. in its
hall at 1605 Polk street, last night. Vice
President Colonel John C. Currier in the:
chair. There were a few speeches and,
some routine business, but it was appar
ent that all this was a calm before an ap-j
proaching storm'. The storm came, pres
ently. In the Irruption into the hall -of a I
delegation " that • might have <come from
another planet, the members looked so:
different. --^ ---,-- -¦ . :>',.V '
The club of the Republican Primary
League In the Twenty-eighth District has
established headquarters at 205 Third
street. This district Is Boss Kelly's
stronghold, and the good citizens enrolled
under the auspices of the league propose
to fight the boss to the finish on his own
territory.
District headquarters have also been es
tablished In the Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth,
Thirty-sixth, Thirty-seventh, Thirty
eighth and Forty-second Assembly dis
tricts.
Twenty-Eighth District.
The Primary League Club of the Forty
secend District will meet- at Golden Gate
Hall, G25 Sutter street, to-morrow even
ing. Eloquent speakers will address the
voters.
Forty-Second District.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Forty-third District will meet to
night at California Hall,. .630 Bush street.
Good citizens of the Forty-third should
rally to down the taxlooters and bosses.
Forty-Third District.
There was a rousing anti-boss demon
stration at Garibaldi Hall,' Forty-fifth
Assembly District, last night. Able
and spirited speeches were made by D.
W. Burchard, A. H. Powers, J. K. Jone3
and L. E. Savage. George M. Perrine,
president of the Anti-Boss Club of the dis
trict, presided.
Forty-Fifth District.
with bosses." Kelly and Crimmins should
be forced to fight in the open for every
point at issue.
Then the!, meeting adjourned. The har
mony proposition is '-flot . likely, Central
Club leaders say, to be accepted.
JUDGE NOYES OF CAPE NOME IS AFTER SCALP OF CLERK BORCHSENIUS
"That's about it," answered E. B. Cut
ter, who had taken Currier's place as
chairman. - • ¦ .- •• . • '; • '
"Well," said Snook,' "that ' will be too
late to do business." • ¦
The .sigmers of this letter were all on
hand, and several of them had something
to.say r by way of rushing the Central
Club into precipitate action, but the rush
act did not work. It was moved and car
ried that the communicatioti be referred
to the executive committee, which meeta
on 'Monday night, and which would re
port to -the club next Wednesday night.
Then the secretary was instructed .to no
tify the other club, by letter, of the action
taken." , • . • • ,¦ '
"So there will- be nothing, done until
Monday night?'" said Mr. Snook of the
strangers' delegation.
(Signed) Arthur W. Spear, T. T. Burnett,
Thomas W". Collins, James A. Snook, Louis U.
Hoin, Henry A. Jacobs, S. F. Kydd, E. J.
Wilkinson, R. A. Grler (chairman).
this district, now in session, and in the in
terest of harmony that club has empow
ered me to present this communication to
you, with a request for immediate ac
tion, as our club is waiting."
The typewritten letter, as follows, was
handed to Secretary FabiusJ. Finch and
read: 1 "' ' •*-—.».^.*.> -=•-.
Hon. Horace Davis and the members of the
Central Republican Club, Forty-first Assembly
District — Gentlemen: Waiving all questions of
precedent and regularity, and with the sole
desire to harmonize the Republicans of •. the
district, the undersigned executive committee
of the club which was organized in Pixley Hall
in 1900, and reorganized with the same mem
bership and such others as have been enrolled
this year, making a total of 415, now propose,
under Instructions from our club, that the two
clubs unite upon a ticket for delegates to the
local convention.. "We propose that each club
nominate fourteen delegates, and that the exec
utive committees of the two clubs agree upon
the od& delegate, who shall head the ticket,
the other delegates to be arranged alternately
and the tickets to be printed for circulation not
later than August 9.
*As the time is short, we beg to request that
your club act upon the proposition at once.
Our club is now in session, and awaits your
reply.
Another favorite method employed by
Judge Noyes, according to Clerk Borch
senius, was to direct the clerk to select
but two or three names from the jury box
and then to issue a special venire from
which to complete the i panel both for
grand and petty jury purposes. By such
manipulation and by watching the juries
and discharging the recalcitrant mem
bers, Borchsenius claims, it was possible
to obtain Juries that could be • depended
upon to find in favor of the claim jumpers.
Those who give credence to these
charges -point -further to the fact that
though Judge Noyes had given •public no-
Borch&enius and reputable attorneys at'
Nome are recalling the fact that the
grand jurors impaneled for the first term
of court held at Nome by Judge Noyes did
not suit the court and they were dls-1
charged. Neither did the next jury please
his fancy, nor the. next, until nearly 200'
names had been drawn from the Jury box. ;
More recently, it is alleged, grand jurors
have been excused in great numbers and
others • selected without a discharge of
the grand jury or the issuance of &¦ spe-'
cial venire. ¦ . ¦
It- is claimed that District Attorney
"Woods and Reed selected twenty-four
names fiom the Grand Jury panel of 300
names to be drawn for last February.
Judge » Noyes, rumor- has it, asked
Borchsenius to draw those names, but the
clerk refused to comply. Judge Noyes said
that In Minnesota, Dakota and all Federal
courts in the States it was usual for the
clerk to ignore the jury box and make
selections after scrutinizing the names of
the panel and deciding what names it was'
¦wise to have drawn. Borchsenius, how
ever, was obdurate and the names .were
regularly drawn.
These rumors, bruited about among min
ers wildly excited on account of litigation
over claims in the Kougorok, . Bluestone
and other districts lying north and west
of Nome, as well as over the Topkok and
other Nome receivership cases, include
stories of alleged ' irregularities on the
part of Judge Noyes himself. Borchsenius
is made sponsor for these charges also,
and, as in the case of Reed, jury-fixing
is the particular form of the alleged In
iquity. - -v.
jury box, so that he could detect them
upon putting his hand in the box to draw
the jurors. Another is that he detected
Reed carefully arranging certain names
in a bunch, putting the bunch directly .be
neath the opening of the box and taking
excessive care that the box was not
shaken before the jurors were drawn.
Continued from Page One.
The Republican Primary League's ef
forts to arouse public interest in the pri
mary election are appreciated. Activity
prevails at league headquarters. Inter
ested citizens from the various Assembly
districts meet daily at 930 'Market street
Baldwin Annex, to compare plans. The
Kfclly-Crimmlns rendezvous is deserted
while the league rooms are crowded. This
signifies to observers of the contest that
the allied bosses will be beaten out of
Eight August 13.
Proof that the bosses are weakening is
found in the fact that the Kelly-Crim
mins Club of the Forty-first District last
night proposed to compromise with the
Anti-Boes Club, of which Horace Davis is
president. The boss contingent put for
ward a flimsy pretense that harmony was
desired. The motto of good citizens in the
Forty-first should be "No compromise
Republican Primary League.
There is yet some talk of Henry T.
Gage going before the Republican con
vention of 1902 and asking for renomina
tion for Governor. Reports from the in
terior are to the effect that Gage stock
is on the decline. A definite announce
ment to the effect that he is not a candi
date would not surprise the politicians.
The contest for the United States Sena
torship is assuming such peculiar shape
that Gage may accept the original pro
gramme and enter the field as a candi
date to succeed Perkins in the Senate.
Politicians who are well disposed toward
Gage say that there is no force in the
suggestion that the south should not have
both Senators. It is recalled that San
Mate© County once had both Senators —
Leland Stanford and Charles N. Felton.
San Francisco has been so honored'sev
eral times. Should Gage decide to enter
the contest for the Senatorship he would
doubtless cast his influence in favor of a
man from the north for Governor.
The recent Interference of the State ad
ministration in the municipal affairs of
San Francisco has intensified the unpop
ularity of the Governor. He is unpopular
in San Francisco and in a political sense
almost friendless ia Santa Clara. San
Joaquin, Solano, Sonoma and Sacramento
counties. Walter Parker, expert of the
State Board of Examiners, is also expert
in making enemies for the administration
Gage himself can make so many political
adversaries without half trying that it is
a wonder he allows Parker to get in on
the Job and help.
Gage and the Senatorship.
IN the Republican State Convention at
Sacramento in 1S9S the Northern Cal
ifornia delegations were outvoted and
outgeneraled. In the make-up of the
ticket little or no recognition was
given to the Republicans of that region.
They .accepted the decree of the con
vention, promised to stand by the
ticket and fulfilled the pledge at
the polls. Next year the northern
delegations will demand recognition,
and the wise politicians predict that tha
demand will be respected. One of the
three nominations for the Supreme bench
will probably go to a northern candidate.
Edward Sweeney, Judge of the Superior
Court of Shasta County, is in the field
again as a candidate. It is supposed that
he is in sympathy with the movement to
displace W. H. Beatty and promote C. H-
Garoutte to the office of Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court. John F. Ellison. Su
perior Judge of Tehama County, is highly
Epoken of by the lawyers of Northern
California. He is not a politician or a
seeker of office. Ten years ago he sur
rendered a lucrative law practice in re
sponse to a pressing demand for his ser
vices on the Superior bench. There is a
sentiment among Republicans in the
northern counties in favor of his nomina
tion for Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court. The terms respectively of W. H.
Beatty. Chief Justice, and C. H.- Garoutte
and Ralph C. Harrison, Associate Justice,
will expire one year from next January.
Beatty is from Sacramento, Garoutte from
Woodland and Harrison is of San Fran
cisco.
The Santa Fe will 'sell round-trip tickets to
Stockton on Saturday. July 27th. Limited to
return_Sunday or Monday. yTou can buy one
Special Excursion.
A. H. Arickson, who lives at Folsom
and Fifth streets, fell down the hold of
the ship Star of Italy last night and also
suffered a fracture of the skull. ¦
Both men died at the Harbor Receiving
Hospital- at about 1 o'clock this morning.
C. E. "Ward, a longshoreman living at 413
Folsom street, was struck on the head by
a piece of lumber while assisting .to un
load a ship at the Steuart-street wharf
last night and suffered a fracture of the
Fractured Their Skulls.
To-morrow will be the last day for the
Herman hats. By' evening the boxes will
be thrown out. Saturday the $18 all-wool
men's suits ofthe Brown. Clotting Com
pany wlil take the same course. They wi'l
on that, fiay be sold for $4.65 in order to
clear them out. Monday the stock of the
Lyceum Clothing Company will arrive and
the room is wanted. So get your stylish
$3.50 men s hats to-morrow for 90c and all
wool. $18 men's suits for $4.65 on Saturday
at the assignee sale of hats and clothinir
of the Boston, 773 Market st., near
Fourth. " -I ' t
Only One Day ILeft.
i Ihe clerk and Judge Noyes had a tilt
also over the handling of public moneys.
The Treasury Department a year ago in
structed Borchsenius by letter to send all
moneys held by him to an outside Gov
ernment depository when at the end of
any quarter it should exceed $3000. Noyes
desired to keep these funds in Nome, sub
ject to his orders. To checkmate the at
tempt of Borchsenius to comply with the
department's order, the Judge made an
order -changing the beginning of the li
cense year from July 1 to November 1.
As navigation closes by November 1 at
the latest, Borchsenius was prevented un
der the new order from sending the li
cense moneys in his charge beyond Noyes*
Jurisdiction. -
tice, on June 14, of a term of court to con
veneatNome July 15, and had set for
trial two cases to take precedure over all
others on the calendar, up to the' after
noon of July 12 no attempt had been made
to impanel a jury for the term. The In
ference was plain, the opponents of Noyes
claimed, that the court was waiting until
a plastic clerk should be substituted for
the obdurate Borchsenius.
- The preliminary examination of Emmet
F. Pettigrew on the charge of murder for
killing Lafayette A. Walsh v outside- the
Chutes early on the . morning, of "July 15
was concluded before Judge Conlan yes
terday, and the defendant was held to
answer before the Superior Court without
bonds. Pettigrew broke down completely
and wept bitterly for several minutes.
The witnesses examined yesterday were
H. C. Nichols. Joseph Whalen, Percy Ben
son, George Shane, William McClure, De
tective Harry "Reynolds and Policemen
b. Ford and J. E. Reade. ~ None of them
saw the stabbing, but Whalen testified
that Petigrew 1 said to him inside the
Chutes that he had, stabbed Walsh. It
was also statea by several of the witnesses
ii a *il^ aI , sh nad been very quarrelsome
all that night. ;• — .-. ¦• .• ¦..:-¦ ••¦
Pettigrew Held for Murder.
Doyle and Thomas Will Appear To-
Bay With the Senators at Rec
reation Park.
Clubs— ' .. Won. Lost. Pet.
San Francisco 44 31 • .587
Los Angeles 35 -34^ .507
Sacramento 33 36 .479
Oakland 31 42 .425
The Dudes and Senators will meet on
the diamond at Recreation Park this aft
ernoon and it is expected that the first
game of the series will be a lively one,
owing to the rivalry that exists between
the teams. Doyle and Thomas, who have
been on the sick list, to the great discom
fiture of the fans, will make their reap
pearance. Great things are . expected of
them. The Senators feel that their spell
of poor luck is over and that from now
on they will climb. steadily toward first
place. The following is the line-up for
to-day: • . .
Oakland. '• . Position. Sacramento.
Lohman Catcher... Stanley
Eagan... ....First base.... Hanlon
' Arrellanes. . . . ...... Second base. .Courtney
Moore. .Third base. Sheehan
Francks... Shortstop Devereaux
Dunleavy Left field. .McLaughlin
Drennan... ...Center field........ McGucken
Strieb .Right field ......Doyle
, or Stricklett
Moskimani - . - f Thomas
Johnson \i. .;'.'.. Pitchers \ Doyle
Hodson - J .•¦-.•..- v .., [.Stricklett
SACRAMENTO WILL PLAY
SERIES WITH OAKLAND
Third race, five furlongs — Colonel Stone 'won,
Mazzara second, Lady Clark third. Time,
1:03%.
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Ethel Wheat
won. Lee Bruno second, Prima II third. Time,
1:42%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Brulare won.
Northern Spy second. Vide Vance third. Time,'
1:15.
Sixth race, mile and three-sixteenths, selling
— Swordsman won, Zonne second, Pirate's
Daughter third. Time, 2:03%.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 24.— Montallade broke
the track record to-day for seven furlongs.
Only two favorites won. Weather good; track
fast; large attendance. 'Summary:
First race, six furlongs — Yule first, Alarla
second, Devereaux third. Time 1:15%.
Second race, three furlongs — Jack first, Pat
Tucker second, Abba L third. Time. :35.
Third race, mile and twenty yards—Alger
maln won, M. L. Rothschild second, Slsquoc
third. Time, 1:44%.
Fourth race, four furlongs — Parazalde won,
Graham Greene second, Cayenne Pepper third.
Time, :49. . .
Fifth race, seven- furlongs— Montallade won,
George H. Ketchum second, Virgie d'Or third.
Time, 1:27%.
Sixth race, one mile— The Buffoon won, Mr.
Robinson second, Monteagle third. Time,
1:44%.
DETROIT. July 24.— Windsor (Ont.) sum
mary: .
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling—
Drummond" won, Louis Wagner second, Maid
of Dundee third. Time, :B6%.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Flop won.
Him Tine second. Duscubridera third. Time,
1:16.
Third race, Windsor handicap, one mile and
a sixteenth— Miss Soak won, Bass Verne sec- j
ond, Come third. Time, 1:48. ¦' > ». '
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Jessie Jarboe won, Mrs. Pomeroy second, Kthel
Davis third. Time, 1:22.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Henry
Zelt won. Huntress second, Paul Grayton
third. Time. 1:08%.
Sixth race, one mile— Baffled won, Eltholjn
second, Pretty Rosie third. Time, 1:44.
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Sinn won. May Do second. Syncopated Sandy
third. Time, 1:24%.
Second race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
Charles D won, Tom Gilmore second, Connie
Lee third. Time, 1:48.
Sixth race,' mile- and': three-sixteenths, sell
ing—Montreal won, Radford second. Toddy
Ladle third. Time, 2:00.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 24.— Delmar Park
results:
Fifth race, six furlongs— Cad Hazel won,
Lizzie A second, Gold Luck third. Time,
1:1*%. .., •: •„.' - ' ",
• Fourth race, five furlongs— Dixie Queen won,
Coucine second, Edwin Kenton third. Time,
1:02%. .
Third race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Dolly Wagner won. Gray Dally second. Flag
of Truce third. Time, 1:48.
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Tax
man won; Lady Patroness .second, Wanlta
third. Time, 0:56.
First race, six furlongs — Verna ¦won, Innoml
natum second, Minute Gun third. Time, 1:23%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Briar won. El
Ghor second, Sam McKeever third. Time,'
1:42%. .
BUFFALO, N. Y., July 24.— Fort Erie
results: ,
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards—Louis
ville won, Advance. Guard second, Vulcain
third. Time, 1:45.
Fifth race, mile and a half— Alaska won,
Tammany Chief second, Frangible third. Time,
2:36%.
Third race, Bix and a half furlongs — Livadia
won, i The Lady • second, Sevoy third. ; Time,
l:2U4. v ; .;
Second race, five and . a half furlongs— Ed
Austin won, Jaubert second, Red Tip .- third.
Time. 1:08. r .
CHICAGO, July 24.— Hawthorne results: ?
First race, x one mile— Latchkey won, Zaca
tosa second, -Mary Moore third. -Time, 1:42%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Godfrey
won, The Chamberlain second, Harry McCoun
third. Time, 1:14 3-5.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards— Arden
won, Captain January second, Phosphor third.
Time, 1:45 1-5. • . •
First, race, hurdles, one and three-quarters
miles — Charagace won, Cephalgla second, Kufa
third. Time, 3:21.' "'¦..¦
Second race, r live furlongs— Cameron won,
Otis second. Peninsula third. Time, 1:00.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth— Colonel
Padden won, Kamara. second. Carbuncle third.
Time, 1:46 4-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Smoke won,
Goebel second, Bastile third. Time. 1:14 2-5..
Winners of the Purses in Contests
.._..;.„ _x,.l Among Fast Horses.
NEW YORK, July^ 24.— Brighton Beach
results: ¦ : ..¦>"
RAGES ON EASTERN TRACKS.
2:09 class,.- pacing; purse $2500— George won
second, third and fourth heats; in 2:08%, 2:10ai.
2:09%. Arg-etta won first heat in 2:09%.- Sphynx
S. t Goshen Jim, Tom Nolan, Carmine, ¦ Daisy
J., White Hose. Sidney Pointer. and Key Di
rect also started. '
2:21 class, trotting; purse $1200— Tom P. won
two straight heats in 2:12^, 2:14%. Darwin,.
Vic-Shiller,- Bessie Truffles, Minka and Jenette
also started.
2:17 class, pacing; purse $1500— Richard A.
won two. straight. heats in 2:10%, 2:10i£. C. P.
\V., Samarltana, Joan, Jackmont, Captain Pot
ter. ; Guinette, Orin B. and Baron D. also
started. 1 • >¦ ¦• ¦....-.. -..
class, trotting; purse $2500— Eletea wen
three straight heats in 2:11%, 2:09%, 2:10. Coun
try Jay, Nev Simmons, Albert D., L. B., A.
J. D.. Poindexter, Pettigrew and Bhea also
started. ¦ .
The Abbot, king of all f trotters, who
has been suffering from distemper, was
driven a mile this morning by Geers. He
is still in bad shape, and it is feared will
not be able to meet Cresceus in the 512,000
match race at Brighton Beach on August
1£> Summary:
.CLEVELAND, :«'uly 24.— To-day's 'prof
gramme of the grand circuit race^ at
Glenriville was not "of the highest order.
The weather was scorching and there was
no breeze. The track was fast.
Eletea Trots Three Straight
Heats and Makes a
Winning.
The Abbot Shows Poor
Form at Glenn
ville Track.
SCORCHING SUN
SPOILS RAGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1901.
Alliance With Kelly and Crimmins' Practically Puts Him Out of the Race
for the Gubernatorial Renomination—Allied Bosses Anticipating Defeat
Offer to Compromise a District Fight— Progress of Primary League
GAGE MAY NOW CHANGE HIS PLANS
AND ENTER CONTEST FOR SENATOR
GOV. GAGE (Singing to Martin Kelly)— "I Love You as /Never Loved Before."
4
*> I* K f\f\n HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
.VANUfr/rA Co -: onI y 4%. fcoura-fronr
%JI\n \J\J\J San Francisco; hut'9:miles
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL HEALTH
resorts. ¦
i Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains daily,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
' A. DOLLM ANN. Proprietor.
...NAPA...
SODA SPRINGS
Napa County.
Ca!.
OWN A H0ME I2 ti b f e u a l u CA111P MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sausalito ferry, |3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
San Jose, Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome ia its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. , Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., San Jose, Cal.
Central California
Vendoms
HIGHLAND SPRINGS %g *&*"%£
ing. Numerous Mineral • Springs of. great vir-
tue. Finest Hotel Accommodations north ot
San Francisco. Hot and Cold Mineral Baths.
Competent Masseurs. Bowlins Alley, Tennis
Courts, Swimming Tanks, Croquet, Shuflle-
boaid. Fine Roads and Trails, Riding and
Driving Horses. Best Deer Hunting in La« e
County. Competent Guides, Good Hunting Ani-
mals. THE FALL AND WINTER RATES
WILL BE IN FORCE AUGUST 1st, IN-
STEAD OF SEPT. 1st, as formerly. Rooms in
Smpll Hotel, $10 per week. Rooms In Cottages,
$12 per week for one i in room. S20 for two in
room. Rooms in Main Hotel. $12 and
$14 for one person. $20 and $24 for
two in room. Call on L. D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery St.; The Traveler Of-
fice, 20 Montgomery St., or MRS. KATE J.
WILLATS. room 64, Flood bide. San Fran-
cisco, or write direct to CRAIG & WARNER.
Highland Springs, Cal.
Trains leave 3d and Townsend 9 a. m. and 2:43
p. m. daily. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Prop.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Three trains dally: 2V6 hours' ride. A.
Bettens, Mgr..* Byron Hot Spgs.. CaL
Lombard & Co., - 36 Geary St., City.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House in the Santa Cruz Mountains: 5
minutes from station; line scenery; fishing,
hunting-, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. MRS. I. N. HAYES.
f AMP TAYIftR Cottages, camping, fishing;
LAinr lAILUft 29 miles from S. F.: in the
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
Most attractive place in Lake County to
spend b. vacation. Boating, bathing, bowling,
ets. Accommodations now for 250 people
"Write for circular. EDGAR DURNAN. Laurel
Dell. Lake Co., Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
SOLID COMFORT H0ME™ n dT%o '£
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Largo
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. Rates, $7 week up. Stage meeta
train. SCHTJLER & SCHEBEN, Napa. Cal.
TY 2 hours* ride from S. F.: 5 miles from Va-
llejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week.
Spoclal rates families. M. MADRID, Vallejo, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $3 and $2 50 per day: $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St.. or
address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Siskiyou
County, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall.
Pianoa. billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena, $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.', 21
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co., 14 Sansome st.,
or DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Point Arena. Cal.
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod*
erata hire; $2 per day, or $10, $12 and $1+ per
week. Postofflce. telephone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK.
Formerly Apia Calient* Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 46 miles via C. N. Ky. or
S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it. Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone: expensive improvements: $13
and $14 COOPER & SHEDDEN, Agua Ca-
liente, Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
**%"-"•! Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Ca!.. 26 miles by
stage west of Williams, fare %2. Hottest and
strongest 'water on the Coast; temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatirm, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralsria. liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-stcry
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, $10 a week. "W'M. OELGEART.
proprietor. . ¦.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest plac»
in all California; Iot3 amusements; fine walk?;
all mineral waters. - Rates $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 13. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkin St., S. F. DRURY & KROEGER.
I^HE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAt.
¦* California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Ipree booklet. R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp. Capitola. Cal.
Camp Reverie on the Guerneville branch of
the California Northwestern Railway is practi-
cally a hotel under canvas.
Table board by the .week, $6 50. Furnished
tents— different sizes— everything new— charges
reasonable; Railroad fare from San Francisco,
round trip. $2 50. Take boat at Tiburon Ferry.
Call or address Camp Reverie Association.
Room 81, Flood Building. San Francisco, for
particulars and booklets; or write .Camp Reverie
Association. P. O. Forestville. Sonoma Co.,
Cal. Booklets may also be had at the ticket
offices of the California Northwestern Railway.
NOW OPEN.
IN THE—
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
1 A ft I P Krvrlflr
3H Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour«
nament. auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The- Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique- ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent,
10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco^
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles. CaL
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fish-
ing expedition in the Coast Range, where deer
and bears are plentiful, and trout fishing is
elegant, may find their way out by writing: to
G. A. EATON, Lowrey, Tehama County.
HUNTING AND FISHING GiLORE.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cookJng;
$7 per week and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. Lake County, Cal.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S.~:MARTENS. Prop., Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. ELANCKENBURG JR.. Prop..
Oakville. Napa County, or The Traveler's Bu-
reau, 20 Montgomery st.
JOHANNFRBR RG.
-Fishing; boats;' excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMOX3,
Truckee, Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
The. only place in the United States •where
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric "Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. , J. A. REDEMKYER & CO..
Proprietors.
VICHY SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNTT— New 13-passensrer Yosemito
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
da!ly (Sundays excested) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin. SeiKler. Adams, Howard, Ander-
son, Astorsrs and Glen brook: buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour tot lunch at Callatoga:
also to Middletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvillo
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
¦ via Lakeuort, carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Ssrings. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Honland at
12:30; arrive at Lakepert at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 8- horse 14-pas-
s*nger tourist wagons, made to order for ihia
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Sprinss call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stase Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors. '
BOARD. FRUIT FAM gr^ttZg:'
Terms. $6: fare 80c. Box H. Redwood City*.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room,
$7 a week; camDins privileges. $1 SO per week.
Address W. W. ilcCORMICK. St. Helena. .
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
THE LAUREL, Los Gatos— First-class family
boarding-house; home cooking; beautiful
surroundings: 5 minutes* walk to town. Terms
SS to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS j"
McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props'
Forrest andhealth| N THE SIERRAS
near Coirax on O. P. R. R. Elevation Just right —
2400 ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate
Ideal forests and grounds f 8.00 a week. Send for
booklet Orchard Springs, Colfax, Cat
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In Santa Cruz Mountains: Health, pleasure
fishing, hunting and swimming; good table:
guests at home; never fail to return: send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(KlDgs Crossing), on California northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
Jl per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU.Lessee.' ¦
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
j - Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.. '' . -
hH flf"^^^^^ - tvj
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. SS
per week. H. B. LAWLEY. Callstoga, Cal.
I IIC if Cum y ball
61 pep Year.
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
¦^ Via C. ' C. Foss* Stage Line from Callstoga.
The scenic route.- Livery In connection. C; C
FOSS, : Proprietor, Callstoga. CaL
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
;-.;: Office 1OO4 Market Stress
Telephone- South 42O, ' . v
Oakland Of f lce r 54 San Pablo Ave.
A MODEL HUSBAND
A man must be that can wear the shirts
and collars that we see daily upon suffer-
ing mankind. "Why torture yourself with
a saw edge collar when we will smooth
the edges for you, or why wear a shirt
front that looks : like ' a mackerel sky in
an oil . painting when we will launder it
infaultless style for you?
Many hair preparations are "fake" be-
cause they are merely scalp irritants.
They often cause a dryness, making- the
hair brittle and, finally, lifeless. Dandruff
is the cause of all trouble with hair. It is
a germ disease. The germ makes cuticle
scales as it digs to the root of the hair,
where it destroys the hair's vitality, caus-
ing. the hair to fall out. . To cure dandruff
the germ must be killed. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." Newbro's
Herpicide Is the only hair preparation
that kills the dandruff germ, thereby
leaving the hair to grow luxuriantly.
to Fall Out.
Do Hair No Good, but Often Cause It
FAKE HAIR PREPARATIONS
. ''¦-_¦ \
Certain cure for Stomach, Liver, Kidney,
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
- Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured.
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Uklah.
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address,
"WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COUP ANT,
Upper Lake P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
Main Office & "Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
LAKE COUNTT, CAL.
Delightful Surroundings and WITTpD
Excellent Accommodations at Till 1 Lit
MEDICAL SPRINGS
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly ' through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day.
arriving at. Tosemite Valley 5 p. "fit* Send for
illustrated folder. WM. J. "WHITE. Gen.
Agent, 630 Market st., opposite Palace Hotel,
S. F. ; tel. Black 3571. . , • - • .
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
—-. staging; waters ¦ noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath'Unv Stater,
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six. years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. SO Montgomery St., or ot J. F. MUL-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal.
1 • :- •*" . . . ' '. - . ¦ -,.-'•• •J'Ayers, E. C. Dalley. J. O. Christie, Daniel Me-
Leod, J, S. Trotter, George Sweeney. . N. / .
Root, E. L. Hueter, D. Boesch, D. H. Kane. F.
Li. Alderson,.. Thomas P. Deerinu, I. S. Acker
man. M. .Nickeleburg, H. M. Holbrook, Rich
ard M. Amphlett. A. T. Dunbar, R. N. Nason,
John Graham, A. W. Rlxon, Louis Weule, Kred
Ward, Roy- C. "Ward, H. C. Ransom, Leon
Blum, F. K. Van Buskirk, A. N. Bayley, r".
Willard Bean, George H. Ismon, H. W. Gallett,
H. L. Simon. Robert McF. Doble, A. C.
Rulofson. J. M. Baker, E. P. Brlnegar, Naval
Constructor K. B. Zahn, A. A. Watkins,. Victor
Englnger, General W. H. L». Barnes, John
Payne, C. \V. * Edgcuihbe, (W H. Eadon, A. C.
Bates. E. H. Merrill, A. F. Hinz, L. L. Roth,
F. W. Grant and James P. Bradley i.of Chicago,
Charles H. Bradley. R. N. Rlsdon, R. E.
Revalk, J. E. Adams, James P. Coffey, Max
Brooks, II. Krusl, H. H. Francisco, John A.
Miller, Adolph Lietz. 'J. Richards. H. G.
TMckman, W. C Dibert. C. F. Stokes, Louis
Gctz, F. V. Nelson, Brace Hayden, Joseph
Sond Tells Hard Luck Story.
Alex Bond of 609 Grove street, a partner
in the firm of Charles Wilson & Son,
printers, was arrested yesterday after
noon on the charge of stealing a bicycle.
Bond says the bicycle is his and that he
took it from Curtin, a pawnbroker, to
whom some person who stole It from, him
had taken it. Bond also says that the po
lice tried to get him to pay the pawn
broker $7 50 for his own property and he
refused to do so.
Grcenberg, Isaac Upham, W. D. McArthur, W.
A. Kenney. AV. M. Shear, H. Engrels. K. A.
Perry, J. MetMelsson, Gus Katz, George A.
Dow. K." E. Leland, Joseph V. Selby. C K.
Moulthrop. W. E. . Balcom, E. H. Ld.ke. E.
Levenson, T. H. Sellers, H. P. Wilson, Henry
It. Tatum, John O. Harron, I. M. Galvln, J.
W. Heidt. Captain W. I. Reed, U. S. A.; I.
W. Taber. Captain O. C. Hamlet. Julius Finck,
AV. S. Miller and John Bermingham.
The plan to put an electric lighting
plant In Tosemlte Valley met with an un
expected check at the meeting of tne'
Ccmmlssloners yesterday, and It may re
sult in' the postponement of the work until
next year. There were but three Com
missioners at the meeting— W. "W. Foote,
Charles G. Clinch and Frank. H. Short ot
Fresno. On motion of Foote, Short took
the chair, and Secretary Lermen, after
reading, two or three ''unimportant letters
from the guardian of the valley, said that
the next business in order was the con
sideration of the proposed | electric light
ing. Secretary Lermen said that he had
been in consultation with a deputy in- the
Attorney General's office who had called
his attention to an old law, under the
provisions of which, it was "the opinion
of the deputy, no work of the character
contemplated could be done until the
commission had advertised for plans for
the- work, paying a premium for any
plans that might be accepted. The deputy
had advised Lermen to ask - for aa - opin
ion from the Attorney General upon, this
point before going ahead, and as Com
missioner Short, who had been consulted,
had given like advice Lermen had ad
dressed a letter accordingly to Attorney,
General Ford: • . ¦ - •¦ ; ¦¦'"¦ : j
"And how long will that take?" asked
Foote. ¦¦• . - . • •. ~- - -
"Well," replied Lermen, "I could pos
sibly get an opinion to-morrow. Then we
would have- to, advertise for plans for,
say, five days." r
- "And -consider them and approve one,
perhaps," said Foote, "and then adver
tise for bids, for the work. I suppose that
would take two months." . ¦"
, "Not more than that," said Lermen.
• "Then" the upshot of It would be that
we could do nothing this year," said
Foote, with, some disgust. "Now, I'll tell
you what, I don't want to turn thia money
back to the State." ' ¦';jy > ' r '
The Work Must Wait.
"The deputy I saw said we could not
do much before .the first of the year, any
way," said Lermen.' ; -
"There seems nothing' else for It .than
to wait until we hear from the Attorney
General,, now that we have asked his
opinion," 1 Clinch observed.
"Why can't we go ahead and advertise
anyway?" Foote asked. "It would do no
harm even if it should be held that this
law does not bind us. J do not think it
does, anyway."
"Neither do I," agreed Clinch.
"All the same, it would be better to
wait," said Short. ,< '.
I And so it was agreed, on motion of
Foote, that the secretary be instructed,
if the Attorney General rules that it is
necessary to advertise for plans, to go
ahead and advertise, the commission ad
journing to meet next Wednesday at 4
p. m. to approve whatever he might do
in the meantime and to proceed with
such, further action as new developments
might seem to warrant.
Engineer Corey, who was present with
plans and specifications already prepared,
showed by his estimates that the water
system it is proposed to install in the val
ley would cost $1315, the electric lighting
plant for the hotel and public buildings
$21,605 and the freighting of material into
the' valley about $400. This approaches so
close to the limit of the appropriation ot
$25,000 that the proposition to throw
searchlights- upon Yosemite Falls will, in
all. probability, be allowed to go over un
til the next Legislature can be asked for
an appropriation for the scheme.
AnX>ld Law Temporarily Re
strains Commission From
g; Acting. %iM
Proposal to Illuminate
Valley Meets With
Sudden Check,
YOSEMITE PLANS
MAY BE DELAYED
SAN FRANCISCO MERCHANTS VISIT MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD
AND CONSIDER WHAT CAN BEST BE DONE FOR ITS BENEFIT
Tttl^ SAJ>T J^KA^UIS^
The Damage '¦ Is ] Only . S2.00
For, ' a ' round-trip ticket -. to Stockton via • the
Santa: Fe. Sold Saturday, July 27th, -and: you
«*«n »»nrn. Kiinrfov nf MnnHov. .:¦•: ¦ •¦,- ¦
' Fire Marshal Towe Injured.
Fire Marshal Charles TbweV met with
an accident yesterday : which will leave
him with a stiff knee for several months.
He had been to St. Luke's 'Hospital, ; and
as he was about to . step Into his buggy
he observed a runaway, horse approach
ing. He had barely time to turn A his
horse's head toward the sidewalk before
the runaway struck the rear wheel of his
buggy. Towe's horse reared and in com
ing down -struck Towe on the left knee
with his fore foot, inflicting a deep lacer
ated wound. Towe was taken to the hos-'
pital. where Dr. Allen dressed the wound
and sent him to 'his home at 1330 A Hayes
street. ¦ ¦, ¦ .- ¦-, ;¦ r y r -;\ :-,:¦¦ ; - "- '
The runaway horse belonged to a butch
er who . keeps a~. shop _, at Valencia . ami
Twentieth streets. ¦ The animal : was stop
ped a few. blocks from where ".the accident
AivMirriwl. ¦ .'¦•.'¦¦ \ .. ' \,
manifest their interest in and apprecia
tion of the facts.
Mr. Campbell criticized California Con-
ordered the Oregon. "Wisconsin and Iowa
away from California for repairs. The
Bennington. Wentworth and Concord were
repaired elsewhere.- Large sums of money
were exnended for the repairs of these
vessels, all of which ought to have come
to California. No fight had been made,
the reason being the delay of the Secre
tary of the Navy In signing the papers
necessary for beginning work on the stone
drydock, which had been tied up eighteen
months. Campbell said he believed that
Jim Hill of the Great Northern and the
business men of Seattle were back of the
movement to delay the stone drydock and
hnd used their influence .with the chief
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks to that
end, that Port Orchard might be profited.
Mr. Campbell also described the hardships
that result by the laying off of men. Five
hundred had been taken off and there
would be additional reductions. The Val
lejo people would be glad if the Scotts
could have fifty., ships to build, but that
was no reason why Mare Island should
not have one. The Cincinnati. Raleigh,
Newark and Baltimore were all ordered
to the vard. but other influences prevailed
and they were sent East. This meant a
loss of $1,000,000. Mr. Campbell represent
ed the Vallejo view of the situation.
In • the afternoon General"' "W; H. Li.
Barnes spoke, urging unity, of action. He
said also that while the .United States is
Urge United Action.
business was booming on the Boston navy
A. A. Watklns, president of the San
Francisco Board of Trade, announced that
resolutions that had been submitted would
be referred to a committee of the Board
of Trade for action. They were not read.
A. C. Rulofson of Baker & Hamilton
deprecated criticism of California Con
gressmen and ¦ others. . He submitted a
practical suggestion, which was that a
representative, or perhaps two, in touch
with California's business interests should
be kept continuously at Washington to
keep Congressmen Informed, to let the
people here know what was going on in
the departments and to. do other useful
work.
Brace Hayden of the Dunham, Carrigan
& Hayden Company advocated unifV and
favored the idea advocated by Mr. Rulof-
The whole matter will come soon before
the San Francisco Board of-Trade, and
other commercial organizations of San
Francisco will be requested to take ac
tion to influence the proper authorities to
do justice to Mare Island.
The Merchant Visitors.
The navy yard party was the following
named: .
J. iJ ' Luchslnger, Joseph McCudden, J. A.
Mclnnls, A. Wllzlnskl,- Henry Stahl, ¦ R. Eng
lish, L. B. Levltte, J. B. Dale, A. Newman, •
H T Ilartzell.I. Dannebaum. W. T. Kelley.
Colonel F. H. Harrington. U. S. M. C. ; Naval
Constructor J. : J. Madigan. Assistant Naval
Constructor T. G. Robert. George J. Campbell
Jr and C Whithorne, all of the»ValleJo com
mittee on reception;. J. Jensen, I. Greenberg,
C W. Marwedel, Lewis M. Bannan, John Finn,
Thomas C. 1 Pedler. 'Robert Dalziel. James Pat
terson R. S. Chapman, Ix>uis J. Fprtro, W. J.
Toothaker. George H. Kahn, P. Luce, L.-M.
Kaiser, Sherman Manning, A. Kempkey, F. Ii.
Prltchard, M. Bauer, J. > L. Konrad, J. 1 . C.
An Involvnttary Immigrant.
Gregorio Ruiz, who.Eays he is 14 year?
old, is : in the hands of the Immigration
officials and they will try ) to secure em
ployment for him here. The boy, .who
cannot speak English, informed Inspector
de la ! : Torre that he : worked | his . passage
from Mexico' to .this city, on the schooner
Volante; that the mate would not let.him
go on board again, and that he had been
staying with a Mexican family at .Temes
cal.. He said that; his parents were dea.l
"and that he had no one in Mexico -to care
for him. De. "la Torre:took him. to the
Mexican'Consul.' : *^; :
• SCENES INCIDENT TO VISIT OF
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS MEN
TO MARE ISLAND.
p-u^a HE Mare Island Navy Yard yester-
I day had the undivided attention of
• & great number of San Francisco
jl business men. mainly -wholesalers,
who represented every mercantile
ine. At 10 o'clock they embarked on the
tteamer General Frisbie. They were es
corted by a live delegation from Vallejo
ind officers from the navy yard. C. W.
Edgcumb* of the navy pay office, who
was largelr Instrumental In the excursion
plan, iras of the party. In all respects it
was a Mare Island day. George J. Camp
oell Jr. of the Vallejo Board of Trade
x.ade an eanifst speech early in the day,
n which he pointed out a programme for
:he benefit of the navy yard. The party
urjehed on the steamer. At Mare Island
:hey were escorted about the yard by offl
>«?rs of the navy. The navy yard band
serenaded th« *-isit<»rs. On the homeward
trip there were more speeches.
Xo new work was in progress at the
navy yard and the repair work was at a
low ebb. Thrr« conditions and the spec
tacle of the diversion of the work of the
oaval vessels on the Pacific Coast and on
the Asiatic elation to the navy yard at
Port Orchard and the Atlantic coast ship
yards f urnistif d the -motive for the excur
sion. The sp*«»ches of the day were all
strongly in favor of sending repair work
to Mare Island and for exercising all pos
sible pressure to that f-nd. As auxiliary
thp speedy completion of the stone dry-
Sock and the deepening of the channel to
Mare Island were urged.
Campbell Speaks for Vallejo.
George J. Campbell Jr. opened the dis
cussion. H> said that Vallejo merchants
had for many years labored to establish
trood will between San Francisco and Va!
i<?jo. They believed that Vallejo was of
as much interest to San Francisco as'anv
action in the city. Kver.v dollar's worth
of goods bought an<3 consumed in Vallejo
rarne from San Francisco. He was glad
to see the merchants of San Francisco
gressmen and the Secretary of the 'Navy.
Congressmen had, he said, failed to act
vigorously in behalf of Mare Island, the
deterring force being the Union Iron
i "Works. The Secretary of the Navy had
expending $100,000,000 to $123,000,000 for work
on \ its naval vessels, Mare Islandls get
ting only a small share. That was due to
lack of unity and proper exertion. Secre
tary Long was from - Massachusetts and
Winans, J. G. Allen, W. S. Coleman, A. E.
Walton, George L. Nles, H. Bird. James M.
Patrick, C. H. Morrell, E. H. Parrlsh. "W. L.
Eaton, 'Henry C. Norton, Frank J. Sime, Frank
J. Symmea, ¦ Charles H. Crocker, Grove P.
5
V1BB IVi V ¦(
M5& Sir Si Ibbw
Positively cured by these
Little Pills..
, They also Telieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Heartv
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. -Coated Tongue. Pain in
the -Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
s Small Pill. . Small Dose.
' • Small Price "f ""--
STATEMENT
..- . OP THE-—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
" • : . OF THE
Frankfort Marine
'.-Accident
And Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF FRANKFORT-ON-THE-MATN. GER-
many, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900, and (or tbe year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of tht»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections C10 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash • $312.500 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $837,898 13
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 83S.359 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 831.135 7?
Cash In Company's Office 8.126 13
Cash in Banks 272.088 31
Due from Agents and from other.
Insurance Companies 567,533 79
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 6,340 S3
Total Assets J2.SS1.S24 «
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense > $281,708 S3
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses .::•••, :. .
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 62.372 23
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, I "• reinsurance 50 per
cent ¦
Liability under ether Branches 5?7.7S3 sn
Pension fund 23.105 02
All other Liabilities S06.136 Cl
Total Liabilities -.$1. 771,144 T-!
,'••3 ¦ - . .... ,. ,.;., , . -. ¦
IN'COME. ~~
Vet cash actually received for pre-
miums ••¦•••••¦ $1,431,761 3S
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other'sources «.S'« "?
Received for transfer fees »H ?¦>
Total Income $1,435,632 2:
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Losses $701.96.* 31
Dividends to Stockholders 81.250 C)
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 385.574 07
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 84,300 P2
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 6.2S3 ;¦>
All other payments and expenditures 47.93S 9>
Total Expenditures ..$1,307,963 si
CARL HOFF. Vice President"
U- C P. DUMCKE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thla 13th
day of April. 1301.
RICHARD GTJENTHER. Consul General.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers*
204, 206 and 208 SANSOME STREET,
San Francisco. Cal.
STATEMENT
OF THIS — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
:\ V -OFTHE-^:
Frankfort American
INSURANCE COMPANY*
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
[900, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. : — ijf •¦•¦-
-.-';., CAPITAL.
Amoant of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $300.000 00
. ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $337.024 33
Ca«h In Banks 49,37123
Interest due and accrued - on all
Stocks and Loans 4.323 33
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
. tion 37,333 22
.' Total Assets $4S8.S51 23
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ... $15,170 7t
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 36,300 00
Gross premiums on Risks running • ;-. >'>.-
one year or . less, $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 110.637 «S
Gross - premiums on Risks . runnlnsr
more than one year. $ ; rein-
surance pro rata 16,969 CS
Total Liabilities $179,077 50
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums . $225,739 93
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks.' Loans and from
all other sources 9.9.10 0"
.Received from all other sources....... 15.867 at
Total Income ..{ ..--. $234,567 31
. EXPENDITURES. '?\ '~~
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing t— . losses of previous years* $83,073 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 53.543 75
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
-charges for officers, clerks, etc 5.420 CS
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 4.432 W;
All other payments and expenditures 54.519 68
Total Expenditures J20J_-W. TI
F. G. VOSS. Vice President.
- J. M. SMITH. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this ;sti
day of January. 1901.
EDWIN' F. CORKY.
Commissioner for California in New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers,
204,. 206, 208 SANSOME STREET,
San Francisco, Cal.
DR. HALL'S REINVIG0RAT08i?3gjg
Five hundred reward tor any wSTtT'/ 1
case we cannot cure. This secret Or 8 ** "*T|-
remedy stops all losses In 24 hour*. J^ *
cures Emissions. Itnpotency. Vari- fc£$S S*%X
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet. Flu. Jjr\ TOffi ,
Etrictures. Lost Manhood and all UVJ JAX
wasti.it; effects of self-abuse of fSPrtSKS '
excesses. Sent waled. $2 bottle: 3 UOBatiSR
bottles $3; guaranteed to cure »ny ca««. Aa-
dreis T HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. Sii
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market aft. S. F. All private leases qulcklj
cured. Eend for fret book.
Eczema sets the 6k.in on fire. Tie acid poisons ia iij|§l tf 6 \\
the blood are forced out through the pores of the skin, zM/ 1 1/ • /
causing intense redness, burning and itching. Sotcrnbls Vflr &&f |
is the itching at times, especially when the body i3 over- [ WL^ f W
heated, that the almost abstracted stifferer feels that he <g : k.'^L^^&^-^\
could tear the skin to pieces, and that be must scratch or i | \5^^jri^V^ v l
go crazy. He knows -from experience thct this only & < %!^pZ%£y>i>_± t J:
makes matters worse, but, made desperate by the terrible . -"
burning and i'.ching, he is for the time being indifferent to after effects. There
are seveml forms of Eczema, the moist, or -weeping kind, that comes in little pus-
tules which discharge a -watery, sticky fluid, which dries and peels off \n bran-hke
scales. So profuse is the discharge at times that large scabs or crusts form, which
are both painful and troublesome, and not easily removed. Red, disSgunng bumps
and sores are symptoms of Eczema. The dry form usually attacks the head,
-hands and feet ; the skin, becoming hard and rough, often cracking open and
bleedinsr, and attended with much itching. Eczema depends upon a poisoned con-
** dition of the blood, and local
Hr. L. Ilarno, Escondido, San Diego County, applications, while soothing
Cal., writes : " My body brot^ out with a rash and cooling, and may to some
or eruption which, in spito of Till efforts to euro extent relieve the inflamma-
continuod to set wcreo. Th° itching especially Q d itch i ng canaot
et niffht, was simply tcrriblo ; it would almost . mn^A^rfji „,,„ n pcau«;(»
disappear at times, oaly to return vroruo than be considered cures, Decause
cTcrf I US [tod' ntry highly recoaaendod external remedies do not
preparations withoat b3nefit, and bcarinar of S. reach constitutional or Dlood
C. S. detonained to give it a fair trial, and wes diseases. Salves, ointments,
inexpressibly dclightod when a fow bottles powders, lotions and soaps do
forcing the poison back into the blood. S. S. S. antidotes and neutralizes the acid
poisons and drives out of the circulation all impurities and humors, and the pure,
rich blood that is carried to the diseased skin quickly allays the inflammation,
opens the clogged up pores, ana the skin becomes soft, smooth and ready to perform
its proper functions. To be rid of Eczema you crest first purify and build up the
blood, and nothing so surely and effectually does this as S. S. S., the only guaran-
teed purely vegetable bluod purifier. Send for cur book on blood and skin diseases,
end write our ph^icians for aav I:ifora:ation or i»:vice you sny desire. Medical
•dvice asd loci free. ...THE SWIFT" SPECIF^; CO., ATLANTA, G A.
* ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ . .. ¦ A.
ENLARGING OUR FACTORY.
¦ An architect has draw n plans for an addition to the Regal fac- '<
tory. . The building is now being. erected. This addition will add
to the output of Regal Shoes fully 331-3 per cent. The increased .
capacity is needed to supply the demand for Regal Shoes.- The .
' demand for this popular shoe has been so great that the manufac-
turers have been compelled to enlarge their factory eight times
within seven years. At no time within the past seven years have
¦the manufacturers been able to make Regal Shoes fast enough to
¦ supply the demand. • This demand is the natural result of a meri T
torious shoe. If Regal Shoes were not good shoes the manufactur-
ers-would , not need the. service of an architect, their 'fac-
tory would not have needed enlarging eight times in seven years,
¦ and the shoes could, easily be made as fast as' they could be sold.
THEONUSTOBEWE^mMMSELUNSDIRECTFROMv
fltcrTs Shors Only, ; '
. " . Cor.. Geary and Stockton Sts.
Women's Regal Shoes are made in all the popular stvle3, both
. ¦_ . dainty and -mannish.' The same
' '. ¦ ." , t^ reasons which account for the su-
. x >-"'1Sj periority of Men's Regal Shoes
. £d^Sk-~:-M apply equally well to the women's
• ¦ . xszl »- styles. Women's Regal Shoes are
¦ <--Sst-**^l l^k-' *' * obtainable through the Mail Or-
¦¦¦ '¦'¦¦¦¦ >=•£_ J^'a.^J. j I i* der Deoartment. ¦»
,, ¦ ' _^-&>-~' T "" !i^S»k Addres3 L, C. Bliss &.Co., ¦Man-
: '*T -T-. — ngAijf';"™^^ . ufacturers, 1C9 Summer. St.,;Bos-
<^— — — — •: • " .' - ""~"'^ff ton,*. Mass. -.'' ¦ ' ' " •
•- - • ' .'" Catalogue ~of. . Men's. ! and •
Z*?" ; :C^/ " 1 -Women's shoes sent on applica--'
¦.¦•,--/.....'" '.,'' . tion. . ¦ . ;• ¦ ¦• ¦ •¦ .-.resent being termed bad citizens, but none the less
by their neglect of political duties they .show
of self-respect, for what honorable man can tamely
submit to permit his party and his city to be domi
nated by such a creature as Kelly and the gang who
surround him.
Throughout the Republican ranks is at this
time a strong movement against the bosses. Its
effects are to be seen in all sections of the city, and
in every district where clubs are being organized for
work during the campaign. Still there are a number
of men who stand aside and take no part in the fight
They are not unintelligent men and they would rightly
the rank and file of the Republican party to-day just
as boldly as it confronted the Legislature of Illinois
at the last session. The victory for honest politics,
genuine Republicanism and good municipal govern
ment can be won only by good men who are reso
lute to perform all their political duties.
To every stanch and true Republican- the issue
comes as a matter of personal duty. It is even, one
duties are giving such a boss as Martin Kelly a
chance at least of obtaining domination in municipal
affairs? The issue of boss control is drawn as sharply*
t in this city as in any other in the nation. It confronts
legislation of the last session of the Illinois Legisla
ture. He is reported to have added that the man who
exerted that control took little part in debates, was
rarely heard on the floor, and showed no outward
manifestation of leadership, nevertheless his dictation
was %'irtually undisputed. His power was due to the
fact that he represented the political machine.
Republicans of San Francisco will hardly read that
declaration without pronouncing some sort of con
demnation upon the people of Illinois who submit
to such domination at the hands of bosses. They will
admit that if the statements attributed to Lieutenant
Governor Xorthcott be true, then the freemen and
voters of Illinois are false to every duty of American
citzenship, and are scarcely worthy of the franchise
bestowed upon them.
What, then, shall be said of the Republicans of San
Francisco who through indifference to their political
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR NORTHCOTT
of Illinois is reported to have said4n a recent,
address to the Bar Association pf that^State
that a member of the Senate over which Mr. North
cott presides controlled well nigh absolutely all the
DOMINATION OP BOSSES.
THURSDAY .'. • JUL Y 2 5» IQ01
JOHN d! SPR ECKELS, Proprietor. • .
Addresi AD CommmiettiDM U W. 8. LEAKE, Manager.
.« AX ACER'S OFFICE! Telephone Pre«w 204
PUDLICA-TIOW OFFICE. . .Market Mid Third, 8. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to 221 gterenson St.
Telephone Press ¦ 202. ;
Delivered *y Carriers. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slncle Copies. S • Cents. .
Terms by Mali. Including; Post&sre t
CAII/r CAXjX. flndnaia* Sunday), one year.. *••<*
DAILT CALti (lncludlnc Sunday). « montht ••«"
DAILT CALL. Ondndln* Sunday). .» months 1-W
J>AIt,T CALL— By Slnr!« Month - ***
BUJTOAT CALU One Tear - *•"•
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1 - w
All postmasters are authorised to reeelr«.V
•nhscrlptloniu
Bampte eoplea -will be forwarded when requested.
M*n snbserlben In crderla* ehanre of address should be
ptrUcclar to ri*» both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tssor* m. prompt and correct compliant* ¦with their request.
OA.KLAJTD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xtstger rentgn Afortlslng, Kargsetta Bunding, Chicago.'
(Xjobt Distance Telephone "Central 261V)
¦ .. ¦ - 9>
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTOX .Herald Sanare
.M5W YORK REPRESENTATTVTlt
ITEPHE5 B. SMITH 30 Trlhune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, tl Union Square;
Murrey Hill Hotel.
BRAXCH OFFICES— H7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until t:SO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 8:S0 o'clock. €33
" McAllister, open until »:S0 o'clock. «15 LarWn. open until
1:80 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open nntil » o'clock. VQ6 Valencia, open
entn • o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open nntll > o'clock. KW.
renter Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
SSOO nilmore. open until 9 p. rn.
If that Sampson and Schley, controversy be ever re
ferred to arbitration it is safe to say that Maclay," the
historian, will riever.be one of. the. arbitrators. ; '..- .
A New York physician, has arisen to say that. the
massage treatment may easily become excessive and
injurious.;so taking all things- into consideration the
average invalid had perhaps better stick to" bread
• Some . spelling reformers ' insist that we ought , to
write Newyork, Newjersey and Newengland. so as
to make the names look proper, and in the' East the
suggestion has actually become something like a burn
ing issue. : . ' . % ; -;\ ; :
San Francisco— Ml?s Berkley, at the Ev.
"rett: F. H. Davis. Miss C. Eelk. Miss G.
T?elk. at the Manhattan: Mm. J. L.
FranklinT at the Imperial: C. Haclenfeldt.
at the -Asior: Miss A.-Keefe. Miss N.
T.^Tvtr>n. Mrs.'R. Prescott. at the Victoria;
H. J. Donovan, B. Honing, at the Holland;
TV r>. McCarthy, .at the Sinclair: A. A.
McCurdo at th«» Broadway Centralist. E.
J.oarv. at the Sinclair; F. G. Hamaon, at
tho Herald Square: C, M. Hays. H -p
FhilUns. at the Holland: G' H. Genvin, at
the Gilsey.
NEW YORK, July 2I.-The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Californians in New York.
ttOESON-S DEED-S.. City. It was on
the 3d of June. 1S98. that Naval Construc
tor Hobson sank the collier Merrimac at
the entrance of the mouth of Santiago
harbor^ He and his volunteer crew of six
men ,t*to taken prisoners by Admiral
THE ANGORA GOAT— "W. H. F City
The Angora goat was first introduced into
• the Lnlted States in the State of South
Carolina In 1849.
HELEN GOULD-Mrs. L.. Denmark.
Or. The residence of Miss Helen Miller
Gould is 579 Fifth avenue, New York
City, X. T.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
"Blllie" Mead, the local agent "of the
Chicago and Northwestern road at Port
land. Or., and one of the best known -Elks
on the coast, is at the . Palace.
system of the Southern Pacific, left for
Sacramento yesterday. He will be away
until Saturday.
That is the value put upon rain by people from whom
it has long been withheld. The lesson ought not to
be lost upon any part of the country west of, the Mis
sissippi, for over all this vast region there is danger
of dry years. The conservation of water should be
one of the most careful tasks of every Western'com
munity. The duty is as important in California as
anywhere else, and it is to be hoped it will soon be
undertaken- oh scientific principles and on a com
prehensive scale. ¦; v..
The intensity of the heat and the damage done by
it to the farmers can hardly \ be understood here,
where even in the dryest years we never have any
thing approaching the fearful conditions that npw
afflict nearly^ the whole of the great valley of the
Mississippi. Some idea of the condition there may
be formed from the report that a rain of fifteen min
utes around Wichita was estimated by the people
of the district to have been worth $10,000,000 to theTr
fruit and corn. , . >*.
One of our exchanges in describing the joy of the
people at the coming of the rain says: "The farmer
who drove into town announcing the first raindrops
caused a jubilatioa. It brought out the brass bandT
Hundreds of men and women began to cheer" and
sing hymns as the rain fell. Factories closed to allow
their employes to stand in the rain until soaking wet,
for the mercury had been standing at 115; degrees.
The whole was followed by a grand march of the peo
ple into the churches, soaking wet' where thanksgiv
ine was offered." . • _ .
ONCE more a blasting wave of heat has af
flicted the corn States, and this visitation ap
pears to be even worse than the former one.
The rains of a few days ago which promised to break
the heated spell and mark the beginning of cooler
weather have proven deceptive. They have passed
rapidly, away and the intense heat returns. In the
country crops are being blighted in. the fields, and
in^the towns and cities men and animals are falling
prostrate in the streets.
,THE V^LTJE OF 'WATER.
In one of the suburbs of Chicago the authorities'
collected 101 unlicensed dogs, and then offered
a prize to the man who could kill most of them in a
given time. The prize was won by a policeman, who
dispatched thirty-six.
¦Warming up to , the real issue of .the subject, the
writer goes on to say: "The role of fat in political
physiology cannot be summed up in a simple
formula; but for practical purposes it will be found
tolerably safe to assume that thinness s makes for
revolution and fleshiness for repose, which, expressed
in terms of politics, means conservatism. The. ideal
demagogue is lean— tourmente par son caractere, as
Mme.de Stael said Napoleon ought to have been. . A
man who has a full, round belly, with good capon
lined, is by the law of his physical being a conserva
tive, whose principle is quieta non movere, though he
may delude himself and others with the fancy that he
is a radical. Those of our American friends who think
that the well being of the United States depends on
the maintenance of a republican form of government
will do well to take steps . at once to repress the
tendency to abdominal expansion among their: citi
zens, or they may live to see the President trans
forfned into an: emperor."
1 There then is the danger that confronts our. Deoole
Having that statement of facts to start- with the
Medical Journal proceeds to argue that fat men are
not so enterprising. or so pugnacious as lean men.
It recalls the remark of Caesar that men who are, thin
as Cassius was are dangerous, .but that no harm is
to be feared from those who are fat and sleep at
night. It cites the opinion of military experts that'
the main cause of Napoleon's defeat at Waterloo was
that he was too fat to act with his old time vigor,
and says:* "If Louis XVI. had been less protuberant
in the paunch he might have kept his head on his
shoulders." Thence it proceeds to lay down the
proposition that the increasing corpulence of the
American people may have very important conse
quences in the world of industry and of politics.
The prediction is due to certain studies, made by
some statistical fiend concerning the increase of cor
pulence among the people of New York. The in
vestigator is said to have discovered that among New
Yorkers over the age "of 20 a large per cent showed
an abnormal development in the abdominal region.
The report goes on ¦ to v say : "In a poor quarter the
percentage of fat men was about 14, but in Broad
way, where the well-to-do most do congregate', it was
35. In the corridors of ahigh class residential hotel
the number of obese individuals in a. total' of 100 was
70, while in a humbler caravansary the percentage sank
to 11, the lowest point anywhere noted. Altogether
among 1500 adults, taken at random, 447 were cor
pulent to the degree of deformity, giving an average
of 29.8 per cent."
WHILE we are rejoicing in our vigor and
are sanguine that for many a generation yet
to come the American race will go forward
to new enterprises with undiminished vigor, the
British Medical Journal forecasts a change in our
characteristics and even intimates that we are in
danger of becoming conservatively sluggish and fall
ing under the dominion of a fat emperor.
A DANGER AHEAD.
The Governor of Georgia, by way of showing his
appreciation of the hospitality of a pretty woman,
has made her a major general of the State National
Guard; so now let war come— Georgia is ready.
PERSONAL MENTION.
¦ W. S.Baylls of Fresno Is at the Palace.
O. McHenry, a banker of Modesto, is at
the Palace. , j •
W. O. H. Martin, a mining man of Reno,
is at the palace.
;E A. Gilbert.' a grocer of Sacramento,'
Is at the Grand.
PhilCahn, a merchant of Stockton, is
at the California.* .' . ' : ¦ .
J. • F.' Sheehan Jr.' of,L,os Angeles- is a
guest at the Occidental.
Jackson Hatch, the well-known attorney
of San Jose, is'. at the Palace..
George T->. Barker, a^awycr of San Jose,
registered at the Lick yesterday,
F. K.Towriey of Redwood City, accom
panied by his wife, is at the Grand. ;
- ,H.' Morgan. Hill, the- well-known club
man, is up from Del Monte. ~ He is at the
California, v ' : :
\ B. F.\ Brooks, an oil man of Bakers
field, V is '¦ in the city on business.' He is
staying at the Palace. _
'{. General Passenger Traffic Manager E.
6. McCormick, is expected. to arrive from
tho East Saturday evening.
"-' Jj. ¦-V. Dorsey : , who conducts a general
merchandise store at - Grass Valley, is
spending a'few^days at the Lick.
: Edward ; Chambers, traffic,: manager of
the Santa Fe, - with headquarters at ' Los
Angeles, is registered at the Palace. -' : '
. J. M. ¦- Herbert, 'manager of the • Pacific
Let me ask you to look over the names of thos^ who have
been apprehended for violations of the 'game and/fish laws of
this State and see if you do not find nine-tenths of them to be
foreigners— men who would not be allowed to have a gun in
their possession In their native country. But the moment they
arrive in this glorious State of ours, where they are permitted
to own a gun, the first thing ' they do* is to jret one and go
forth and shoot anything they see, regardless of law or nature.
This State Is full of this class of people, and particularly where
j.he most game Is, and to this class of people Is due the rapid
decrease in our supply of game and fish. They care nothing
for you or I or the future. It Is the present with them and
the .."almighty dollar." This, class of men have invaded our
fields and streams with every device conceivable for 'the de
struction of our game -and fish,- in season and out, until our
supply of game Is nearly^all gone and it is hard to take a re
spectable bag of game or a decent creel of fish;* and to these
I was born and raised in this State, and ever since I was
old enough have hunted and fished from Oregon down, and I
believe that I have some practical knowledge' of the deer as
well as other game.- Had such a law as the present one been'
in force in this te for the past fifteen years there would be
plenty of gam§ for all now, and I speak from personal knowl
edge.
I have seen the natural resorts for game of all kinds de
stroyed by the rapid advance of civilization. Deer, duck and
quail have been shot, trapped and driven from their natural
resorts and breeding grounds at all seasons of the year, and no
regard has been paid to them except by a few sportsmen of
this and near-by . States, until now they have become very
scarce. While on a hunting: trip in Southern Oregon in August,
1892, I counted the carcasses of seventy-two deer lying along
side the trail I was traveling in one day. All these deer had
been killed for their hides; aqd on the same trip I met two
half-breeds with nearly 300 depr hides on two mules. These
deer had be<»n killed on Government land that had not even
been sectionizecl. -They informed' me that they got from 30 cents
to 65 cents apiece for these hides.. These men could have been
easily prosecuted, but there was no Warden,' no Judge and ap
parently no law, and if there was. there was certainly no re
gard for it. These deer had been killed during the spring and
while they- were following up the "snow and when no man
would kill a deer under any circumstances. The hides were
taken across the line to "Smith River Corners," In California,
and sold, and the half-breeds got on a drunk with the proceeds.
Even in this late clay mother quail have been, shot off their
nests and their young left to perish. This "was done in this
county the other day. However, I was fortunate enough to
convict the violator for his dastardly work; but in some locali
ties, notably in the vicinity of San Jose, juries composed of
those who call themselves citizens and men havd released the
violators when the wardens have been able to detect them in
the commission of their crime.
The Call does not hold Usel* responsible for the' opinions published in this column, but presents them for whatever value they may have
as communications of general Interest.
Editor San Francisco Call: For a great many years I have
been a subscriber to and an admirer of The Call and its policy,
but I cannot agree with it in its views in regard to our game
laws. . • " . /
pot-hunters and poachers is due the depletlonof our fields and
streams.
We have as good a set of game laws to-day as it has been
possible to get with our present constitution. Any kind of a
law, unless rigidly enforced, is of no avail, and if such great
papers as The Call would look carefully into the matter and
instead of trying to tear down what honest and true sports
men have built up would lend their power and influence toward
the enforcement of the Jaws we have, and the betterment of
them, we could accomplish much. Such editorials as the one
of July 14 in a paper like^ The Call conveys to those not thor
oughly informed a disregard for the law. &nd instead of assist
ing in creating- a healthy respect for the value and benefit of
our game .and the necessity of good laws to protect It. and the
rigid enforcement of such laws as we have, in order that wo
imay revive our ? fast decreasing supply of game, it leads them
to believe that they should regard no law, and that In violating
the law they would receive the support- of your valuable
paper (which I do not believe they would receive). Neverthe
less It creates a disregard for the law anil makes It hard far
wardens to make them see the wrong they are doirsg. It i«
true that there are a few minor changes that might be made
in the present law, but they are of no very great importance
where one law has to cover the whole State, as the present
law does under our constitution. The sale of game should
never be permitted. The sale of game places a bounty on Its
distribution, and it can never be successfully protected as long 1
as it can be sold.
In my'' opinion. If the quail law oners on October 1 the deer
law should run until October 13. This would give those who go
out Into the mountains on a hunting trip a chance to shoot
deer, quail and catch trout for fifteen days— or in other words,
would leave an open season of fifteen days on all game and
flsh— which I believe w<juld be right and would result in no
harm. .%.•*¦;
A limit should be placed on the bag that may be made in
one day and in the number of trout that may be taken In on*
day. and these laws — all of them — should be strictly enforced
without fear or favor. Wardens should be appointed irre
spective of politics or pull and should be maintained as long ks
they perfrfrm the duties of their office faithfully, and wtien
they neglect their duties they should immediately be dis
charged. The wardens should receive the support of the pub
lic and the press in the discharge of their duties In the en
forcement of the law-relative to the protection of same and
fish. As a warden I have no. hesitation In doing my utmost to
enforce the present, game and fish laws, as I believe they are
about as near right as it is possible to get them under the
present circumstances. There are a few minor measures that
may be improved upon, but in the main they are all right. I
have hunted for market and sport and sneak from my own
personal knowledge coverinsr a period of thirty years, not one
of which have I ever missed being: In the field
Hopinsr you will excuse m« for taking un so much of vour
valuable time and that you will be able to take a little different
view of our game laws and be able to render us some suoport
in their prcmer enforcement. I beg to remain vour* verv trulv
Soquel, Cal.. Julv IS WALTER R_ WELCH.
Fish and Game Warden. Santa Cruz County.
Says Foreigners Are Greatest Offenders and to Them Is Due the Depletion
of the Fields and Streams.
WARDEN OF SANTA CRUZ COUNTY MAKES PLEA FOR
THE ENFORCEMENT OF OUR FISH AND GAME LAWS
:¦¦¦-.;¦;•- .- . ¦ . \ • • ¦ ' \
THOUSANDS of people in every part of the world will
feel a pang of regret at the intelligence that the original
of Charles Dickens' "Old Curiosity Shop" is to be torn
down to give place to a modern structure. It is said by
• those who watch the sightseers that no place except the
Tower of London attracts so many intelligently interested vis
itors as this queer little place that lives in the memory of
every reader of Dickens as the home of Little Nell and Grand
father. Looking into the old-fashioned windows from the
street one can imagine how the impossible Quilp back of one
of them lay and gurgled in the tiny bedroom of Little Nell
while she and her grandfather stole out and away from the
sorrow that had cast so deep a shadow over them.
"The place," says Dickens, "was one of those receptacles
for old and curious things which seem to crouch in odd cor-
nera of this town, and to hide their musty treasures from the
public eye In jealousy and distrust. There were sult3 of mall
standing like ghosts In armor, here and there: fantastic carv
ings brought from monkish cloisters; musty weapons of vari
ous kinds; distorted figures in china, and wood, and Iron;
tapestries and strange furniture that might have been de
signed in dreams. The haggard aspect of the little old man
was -wonderfully suited to the place: he might have groped
among the churches and tombs, and deserted houses, and
gathered all the spoils with his own hands. There was nothing
in the whole collection but was In keeping with himself; noth
ing that looked older or more worn than he."
The queer old place has been turned into a waste-paper shop
in recent years, but has never lost that curious appearance
which must have originally attracted the novelist.
IT WILL INTEREST EVERT READER OF CHARLES DICKENS TO KNOW THAT THE "OLD CURIOSTTT
SHOP," ABOUT WHICH THE GREAT ENGLISH NOVELIST WROTE SUCH A DELIGHTFUL STORT. 13 TO
MAKE WAY FOR AN UP-TO-DATE STRUCTURE.
It would seem from that statement that the British
are at last willing to abrogate the old treaty, and that
we are in a fair way of getting rid of that ob
stacle to the much desired canal. It will then be
seen what new' objection the opponents of the en
terprise can make. Public expectation of an early
beginning of the work has been so often disappointed
that few persons will be sanguine of immediate suc
cess even now. Still there is good cause for gratifi
cation in the reports of progress made in preparing a
satisfactory treaty, and the people of this country will
cordially share Lord Pauncefote's hope that it will be
of such a nature as to meet the approval and receive
the ratification of the Senate.
The main point of the controversy is the abroga
tion of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and the recognition
of the right of the United States to fortify the canal.
It will be remembered the British stremgly combated
the right of the United States to annul, the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty, and insisted that it should not be super
seded without giving Great Britain something in the
way of an- equivalent.
Since Pauncefote has hopes that the new treaty, will
be satisfactory to both . nations, it is fair to assume
that the old stumbling-blocks have been j removed.
He is reporte'd as having said in the course of his in
terview: "It goes without saying that the President
has made himself cognizant of the opinions of the
Senate and of the Secretary of State. * * * You
may be sure whatever is agreed upon between the
two Governments will meet the approval of the
Senate."
It is well known that ever since the British Min
istry rejected the treaty proposed by the. Senate Sec
retary Hay and Lord Pauncefote have been busy in
drafting a new one. ¦ Mr. Hay has been in consulta
tion with- leaders in. the Senate, and o,f course - has
sought to frame a treaty in accord with their .views.
It is understood that Pauncefote carried that treaty to
London with him,' : and his recent statement to the
press is taken as an assurance that the British Min
istry accepts it. The rest remains with the Senate.
; That statement is pertinent to the recent dispatch
from London that Lord Pauncefote made a statement
to the Associated Press to the effect that on his return
to Washington in October he will bring withMiim a
new isthmian canal, treaty, which he "hopes" will be
satisfactory to President McKinley, the Secretary of
State and the Senate. In expressing the "hope" Lord
Pauncefote .was doubtless using language that has
more sincerity than is usually found in diplomacy. In
view of the rejection of the former treaty made with
Secretary Hay, and Cleveland's reference to the "cus
tomary disfigurement" of treaties by- the United States
Senate, it will be recognized that his Lordship is not
justified in' entertaining anything more than a hope.
G ROVER CLEVELAND in his Princeton lec
. ture on the VeneziHelan boundary "con
troversy says in reference to the settlement
of the question: "The fact must not be overlooked
that notwithstanding this treaty was promoted and
negotiated by. the officers of our Government; the par
ties to it were Great Britain and Venezuela.' This
was a fortunate circumstance, inasmuch as. the work
accomplished was thus saved from the. risk of cus
tomary disfigurement at the hands of the United
States Senate."
A NEW CANAL TREATY.
Southern people who ; erit North to spend— the
summer this; year 'are now wishing they had stayed
at home, but had they done so they, would probably
be wishing they had done the other thing^ In fact,,
the. only, way to be contented in summer is: to come,
to California.
We are, with our present lights, Moable to "see
wherein sportsmen themselves can disagree with the
foregoing statement of our position. As for the ex
isting law, whatever its defects, we will do what the
press can in supporting its enforcement for the salce
of the measure of protection it affords.
We believe that the people would sustain a close
season for deer of five years, with five years limited
open seasons to follow, and so on alternately; and
that like close periods for other game, determined by
its breeding and the rapidity of its renewal, would
be sustained. But the law-must not exclude the pub
lic from its benefits and include therein the small mi
nority of sportsmen.
The present season deer will be killed lawfully that
are unfit for ; food. They will be killed because it is
the only chance to take them, and the venison will be
wasted. It is just as much waste as that wanton sac
rifice by the hide-hunting Indians of Oregon de
scribed, by Mr. Welch.
But such laws are for the benefit of all the people,
and not for a class. ' Here we part company with our
very able correspondent, Game Warden Welch. A
game law that forbids the sale of game and is for the
benefit of "sportsmen" only is class legislation, re
pugnant to the people. Let the game be rigidly pre
served, the bag that one gunner may take limited,
but let his. surplus go into the market, where the pub
lic can buy and enjoy it. No one man can eat/ three
deer. Let one man take only three and send
what he does not use to market. The result will be
a reasonable supply forthe benefit of the public. The
same limitation of bag may apply to ducks, . quail,
grouse, woodcock and other game birds, but let the
surplus of the bag, over what its taker can consume,
go to market. Only a small minority of the people
are of the sportsman class. The kind of law favored
by Warden Welch would be for the pleasure of that
minority only, and the general public would never
know the taste of game at all. y
Having no interest in the law its enforcement would
be difficult, for Americans even on juries resent par
tial and class legislation. The people would not re
spect a law which, furnishes the spectacle of well
equipped sportsmen from the, town roaming the
fields and beating the cover for game which . is
denied to the use of the public.
This State has the best facilities for the permanent
preservation and supply of game that can be found
on the continent, because more than half its area,
being mountainous, will never be permanently inhab
ited, and if protected from fire will always offer ade
quate cover. Therefore we agree with all that is said
in favor of strict and wise game laws strictly enforced.
"|~^OR the great value of many of its statements
M and for the frankness of it all we are glad to
(f publish the letter of Game Warden Welch.
He is entirely in error, however, as to the position
of The CalL We can see no propriety in destroying
game that is in stock in' the normal course of. business
at the end of the open season. It is a waste of food
and a loss to the dealer. Nor do we believe that the
same date for an open season is applicable to ..the
whole State, for it finds birds and deer in one section
nesting and rutting, and unfit for food, while in other
sections they have passed into the state of edibility
and may be taken for the only purpose for which they
should ever be killed, for hitman food. It is a ques
tion for further consideration whether these features
in the law are corrigible under our constitution. .By
reason of varying altitude California has the physi
cal differences and conditions that by latitude on a
level reach from the_ Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic
circle. Naturalists readily understand what this means
as-to the conditions of animal and vegetable life.
THE GAME LAWS.
MODERN BUILDING TO REPLACE
DICKENS' OLD "CURIOSITY SHOP"
by reason of the tendency toward corpulency. » How
to guard against it is not easy to say, but something
might be done by sending every fat man to prison"
as, a traitor to his country; of; else by -limiting the
Presidency to men who areilean and hungry.
THE SAK FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1901.
Democrats in Massachusetts and in Pennsylvania
arc getting ready to follow the lead of Ohio, and it
looks as if Bryan were going to have more toboggan
slides. this year than any man in the country.
Now that the riflemen have learned they can make
better records at shooting in this climate, than' any
where else in the country, they^had better come back
. every, year.
themselves careless of good citizenship, and
by their wilKngness to compromise with the
bosses, or at least to avoid a conflict with them, they
exhibit a lack of an intelligent conception of the dan
ger of boss rule eitherjin the party or in tlfe city.
In a contest of this kind there is really no middle
course possible. A voter is either for the bosses or
for. the people. Those who shirk their public duties
are virtually on the side of the bosses. It is very
well known to Kelly and Herrin that if many Repub
licans remain away from the primaries it will be a
boss victory. The ganjrs on which the bosses count
will be. sure to vote. It is only the indifferent citi
zen who is a'doubtful factor in the contest. No true
Republican should permit himself to be counted as a
nullity in such an issue. He should make sure that
he has been properly registered. He should enroll
himself with his frietids in the Primary League Club
,of Ins district. He should make himself count as a
strong fector for the people and against the bosses.
6
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEIYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating a change of
resideace dnrlnsr the summer months can. have
their paper forwarded tor mall to their new
addreises by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at ail summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent im
all tovriua on the coast.
AJKCTJSEME1TTS.
Alcazar— "The Country Girl."
Grand Opera-house— "Paul Kauvar." x
Central— "Trilby."
Tlvoll— "The Toy Maker."
California— "The Case of RebeUlous Susan." Xlonday, July 29
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Garrett O'Mag;h."
Olympia, comer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— BasebalL
Sutro Bath"eXSwlmmlng.
~ -ATTCTIOir SATYES. ~~
By Union Stackyards Company— Monday, July 29. at 18
e* clock. Pftcklnr-honw Machinery, at Rodeo. Cal.
-,f tO J?i D !fwiMe "nd Stomach Cramp.. Dp.
Hiegert s Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.'
"Work In the "Woolwlcn arsenal,- Enpl
land, has now somewhat slackened down
and many hands have been discharged. '
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042: • .«
Tosemlte lrtroduced and maintain* th» mod-
?£!? .?«*? ° f * 2 - per day - » 12 P« less
* k J.° r i? el «ven-<lay trip to To««mlt»
? , th l BUr route. 630 Market, w
Santa Fe route. «« Market st. . •
Camp Curry,
Cal. glace fruit 30c rer lb at Townnend's.*
Choice candies. Townser.«Vs. Palace Hotel*
L ?« to Merced and stage thenc*
via Merced Falls. Coultervllle. Hazel Green.
x-T^?,, * re * 8 * Casca «ie Falls and Brfdal
"Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
ne^\S rnoon - Thts " ls the most popular routs
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 6« Mar-
k e t st. for particulars and folder
Best Way to the "STosemite.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE- In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence ad to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are. In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except, when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference la
the mean of the lower low waters. .
Pretty, almond-eyed Choi Que of the
Presbyterian Mission and "Wong 1 Gee, a
prosperous laundryman of Minneapolis,
joined hearts and hands at the mission
yesterday, Rev. Dr. Condlt performing
the ceremony. The courtship and wed
ding of Choi and Wong is a most roman
tic one. About two years ago "Wong de
cided that it was not good to live alone
and applied to the ladles of the Minne
apolis P.resbyterian church to secure for
him a wife. The ladies wrote to the mis
sion home in this city, but Miss Cameron,
in whose' charge the home is, found sha
had no girl in her charge who was old
enough to meet the responsibilities of
matlimony. Thereupon the matter was
dropped until some two months ago, when
Wong told the ladies of his church that
his leaning toward matrimony was so
strong that he felt he must go to China
and procure for himself a wife. "When the
Minneapolis laundryman pronounced his
ultimatum the ladies again wrote to Miss
Cameron, who forwarded t6 the man anx-
CHINESE LOVERS
ARE MADE ONE
Groom From Minneapo
lis Weds a Mission
Maiden.
An army of workmen was busy at the
Pavilion yesterday at the task of clearing
the building of its thirty booths, miles of
bunting and 9000 chairs used by the Ep
worth League Convention last week. The
scene Was a busy one and contrasted sor
rowfully -with the work of upbuilding
which was iri progress a few days ago.
The headquarters of the general com
mittee on the second floor facing on Lar
kin street was shorn of its furniture and
gaudy trappings by a force of laborers
during the morning. The Epworth colors
and league devices, the miles of gay red,
white and yellow bunting that adorned
the reception, entertainment and registra
tion booths were torn down, leaving grin
ning skeletons of frail woodwork exposed.
The mission booths and quarters occupied
by, the county exhibits in the gallery were
similarly treated by the matter-of-fact
workers.
Under the direction of the decoration
committee the strings of flags and league
colors which fluttered gayly for one week
along Market street were removed. Be
fore noon the streets had lost their holi
day aspect and San Francisco assumed Its
former businesslike look. By to-morrow
every sign of the Epworth League will
have been removed.
The publication by The Call of tha
facts in the case of Rev. R. I* Sprin
kle, the minister and a league
delegate, now lying at the Bellevue
Sanitarium, a 'Victim of inflammatory
rheumatism, has excited general interest
among the local Methodist clergy, and it
goes without saying that he ¦will not be
allowed to suffer. The matter has been
reported to the Masonic relief board and
steps will be taken to relieve his necessi
ties. ,
The various exhibitors at the Pavilion
last week are confident that the State will
reap unlooked-for benefits by reason of
the convention having been held here.
Among the leaguers here were several
merchants with capital. All of them left
orders for goods manufactured here, as
well as for fruits of all kinds. Not a few
have announced their intention of making
this city their home in the near future.
Large Army of Workme
I Plays Merry Havoc at
the Pavilion.
Last Sign of/ the Recent
Epworth Convention
Removed.
LEAGUE COLORS
ARE TAKEN DOWN
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Think of . It!
You can go . to Stockton ' arid "return for $2.00,
Saturday, July 27th/ via" the .Santa Fe, arid re
turn Sunday or ; Monday. *
School Directors Mark ; and Denman
stated yesterday. after, investigation, that
the enrollment . in ¦ the' public schools In
certain districts' this year shows an in
crease. President Klncald has been em
powered to Tent rooms for outside classes
The first place rented was at 1231 Berlin
street, to accommodate the overflow in
the South End 1 School... Outside quarters
for the pupils of .the Crocker Grammar
School will also be secured. The Increased
attendance. is largely: in: the outside dis
tiicts. The board expects to find:accom
modations for all* pupils in. the,course of
a week. : ¦*¦ ". =.•"•<¦; ¦ ¦• .V" ,/¦ V. /;¦-
School Enrollment Shows Increase.
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having through Bleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. ! Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask I*
M. Fletcher. 126 California street. . •
Wheat Shipment. •
The British ship Cl'.pperkyle .cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 62,978 ctls
wheat, valued at $63,000, and 16,000 feet lumber
as dunnage, valued at J240. .
9
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, .. July , 24.
Stmr . Geo Loomls, Brldgett, 87 hours from
Ventura. ¦'¦ : ¦ ">.."•*
Matters of -Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Balclutha will load lumber at Blakeley
for Melbourne (owners' account), prior to
arrival; the King Cyrus, fame, 53s fid; the Mary
E. Foster, lumber at Blakeley for Honolulu.
Steamship John S. Kimball Sails for
Nome and Teller.
The Dollar Steamship Company's John
S. Kimball sailed for St. Michael, Nome
and Teller yesterday. She took away a
considerable quantity of freight and about
seventy passengers. Captain Thwlng is
taking his two bears along, and expects
to' have them broken to harness by the
time the steamship returns. The follow
ing named are some of the fortune hunt
ers who went north on the Kimball:
T. J. Lackie. VirRit Moore. J. U. Dunken,
Mrs. M. Bennett, H. L. Atkinson, J. D. Young,
3. L. Holland, C. H. Harsberger, M. Boaz,
Mrs 11. E. Peterson, the Misses Laura, Luclle
and Catheryn Meigo; Kmma Peterson. Mrs. G.
A Peterson, Ft-ed Peterson, Charles \V. Ghd
de'n D. T. Crosby. J. A. Chase. B. U. Mc-
Clucken, E. L. Stern. J. T. Hill. W. M. John
eon J. D. Drake and wife, Miss Mattle Kleln-
Bchmidt. Mro. John Field, Mrs. F. M. Kings
ley Mrs. William Sheoard, Georee Matt
ley Jessie Grant and party of four,
C. A. Dunken and wife, Mrs. A. J. Bru
ne'r Mrs. W. F. Falkenberpr. Mrs. E. Mc-
Guincss, J. B. Bennett. M. D. Campbell. G.
U Dillle, Thomas Walcott. P. A. O'Donnell,
Ed Jensen. Kd Lundberg, H. J. Elliott. James
Marshall and R. McClosky. J. H. James. Mrs.
It T. Lyng. Helen Girtanner. Miss Inez Tann
and Miss M. Jlannon.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
held a short session" yesterday and or
dered a number of bills paid. Contractors
for furnishing material for the construc
tion of the car ferry slips, for the repair
ing of ferry slips 1. 5, 6 and 7 and for the
preserving of timber were given checks
for payment of work done. The transport
service asked that the office room on Fol
som-street wherf be enlarged.. At the
present time there is not enough room to
accommodate the dermal force. The mat
ter was referred to the chief engineer.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Hills of the steamer Glenlochy
Is a very sick man. He is suffering from
locomotor ataxia and has not been ashore
since the vessel reached port. ; He was
here last in 1838, and commanded -the
Glengyle when that vessel made a number
of trips to the Orient for the Pacific Mail
Captain Pritchard of the British ship
Glenesslin is waiting patiently for. the
Haddon Hall to arrive from Liverpool.
His brother, whom he has not seen for
twenty-one years, is in command of that
vessel, and he expects ! to have a few
weeks in port with him. The Haddon
Hall is now out 164 days and should get in
any time. .
The steamship St. Paul goes on the dry
dock to-day for a cleaning and overhaul
ing. She will sail again for Nome the lat
ter part of the week.
A. Cunningham, a sailor on the river
steamer Columbia, fell overboard Tuesday
night and would have been drowned had
Freight Clerk \V. Baker not gone to. his
assistance. Cunningham was pulled out
more dead than alive. '
The scow schooner Emily Martin went
on Red Rock Monday . night and was
towed off yesterdayi by the tug Ida W.
She was going up the river with a load of
tanbark and missed stays off the rock.
She is leaking considerably.
The Rio Wrecking Company's Bessie K
came in yesterday after an unsuccessful
search for the vessel. An old anchor that
has been, under water for a generation
was found, but no trace of the Ri<*.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
BOUND FOR THE GOLD FIELDS.
p*TT*^ HE schooner Muriel of Hind. Rolph
I e ¦ & Co.'s fleet has just completed a
I record round trip to the Siberian
H ccast. »?he sailed from litre on
May 2 for Petropaulovski and ar
rived there June 6, making the run in
thirty-six days. After discharging and
taking In ballast the Muriel sailed for
Puget Sound, where she arrived on June
19, thus making the round trip in two
months and a half— a splendid perform
ance.
The barkentine Behring sailed from here
on April 20 for Petropaulovski, and as her
cargo was wanted first the Muriel was
held here until May 2 eo as to give the
barkentine a good start. When Captain
Weikunder sailed for the Amoor Kiver
there was still no sign of the Behring, and
so far her arrival has notjbeen reported.
The chances are that she nas arrived and
the steamers from Petropaulovski for Ja
pan have failed. to report her. .... ,
The Muriel is a four-masted schooner
and was built in San Francisco. She is
one of the fastest vessels of her class
afloat, and rarely or ever makes a long
passage. She is now loading at Port
Blakeley for this port.
NOTE— The high and v low. waters* occur, at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
-.-...¦ _ — ¦ — "_•__•.. ... . ¦
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High ¦ and Low
Waters at Fort Point. , entrance to San
¦ Francisco . Bay. Published ¦. by - official . au
- * thorlty of the Superintendent. .-••¦-.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, J San Francisco, Cal.,
July 24. 1901. ¦ • /
¦ The time ball on the tojver of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. e., at noon -of the -120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.; Greenwich time. • r.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 24— Stmr
Hongrkong Maru, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu and Yokohama.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 24— Stmr Sardinian,
for Glasgow: stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool ;
stmr Pennland. for Antwerp.
LIZARD— Passed July 24— Stmr St Louis,
from New York, for Southampton.
QUEKNSTOWN— Sailed July 24— Stmr Bel
genland, for Philadelphia, via Queenstown;
stmr Germanic, for New York.:
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 24— Ger ship
Brunshausen, from , Oregon; Br Vshlp Celtic
burn, hence March 13.
Sailed July 23— Br ship Duchalburn. for Har
tlepool. July 24— Ger chip Brunshausen, for
Hambuie. •" ¦ .
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed July 10— Br ship St
Muneo, for Tacoma. ' • . . • ¦'
Arrived June; 4 — Chil stmr Llmarl, hence
April 17; Ger stmr Isls. from Hamburg. . i '.
DUNKIRK— Arrived July 23— Br ship Arran
more, hence March 13. N.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed July S3— Br ship
Glaucup, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
FALMDUTH— Sailed July 23— Br ehip This
tlebank, for Hull.
IQUIQUE— Sailed June 4— Chll bark Ema
Luisa. for Puset' Sound.
ACAPULCO— Sailed July 23— Chll stmr Acon
agua, for San Francisco.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed July 23— Br ship
Queen Victoria, from Portland,, for Antwerp/
SWANSEA— Sailed July 23— Fr bark Cassard,
'for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
May 19, lat 54 S, Ion 65 W— Br ship Queen
Victoria, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
July 9. lat 28 N, Ion 23 "W— Br ehlp Ardna
murchan, from Cardiff, for, Santa Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 24, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S, velocity. 12 miles per hour.
• ¦ DOMESTIC PORTS.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed July 23— Stmr Del
Norte, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in July 24— Stmr
Dolphin and stmr Santa Ana, from Nome.
Arrived July 24— Schr R W Bartlett. from
Bristol Bay.
Passed in July 24 — JaD stmr Rio Jun Mara.
from Yokohama, for Seattle.
NEAH BAY— Passed in July 24— Stmr Nome
City, from Noyo, for Seattle.
CASPAR-Sailed July 24-Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco. N
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 24—
Stmr W H Kruger, from San Pedro."
Sailed July 24— Nor stmr Titania, for Na
nalmo.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 24— Stmr W H
Kruger, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 24— Schr Beulah, from Umpqua.
EUREKA— Arrived July 24— Stmr Alliance,
from Portland.
Sailed July 24— TJ S stmr Madrono.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 24-Stmr Columbia,
hence July 22.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 24— Stmr Dolphin,
from SkaBuay;*«tmr Santa Ana, from Nome.
Sailed July 24— Stmr Portland, for Nome;
stmr Czarina, for Tacoma.
Arrived July 24— Stmr Santa Ana, from
PORT HADLOCK — Sailed July 24— Bktn
Newsboy, for Sydney.
NOME— In Dort July 12— Stmr South Port
land, stmr Newsboy. /
ST MICHAEL— In port July 11— Stmr Cone
maugh, U S stmr Seward, U S stmr Warren,
stmr Hyades, Br stmr Buckingham, stmr
Chlco. whaling: stmr Karluk, whaling stmr
Belvedere, wtaallne stmr Alexander, whaling
stmr Jeanette and brig Courtney Ford.
DUTCH HARBOR— In port July 16— U S etmr
Pathfinder, U S stmr Manning, and stmr
Brunswick, with stmr Ruth in tow, to leave
July 17.
TACOMA— Sailed July 24— Bark Levl G Bur
gess, for San Francisco; bark Eaton Hall, for
Callao. i
BREMERTON— Arrived July 23— U S stmr
Iowa and U S stmr "Wisconsin, from Port Or
chard.
NOYO— Sailed July 24— Br stmr Victoria, for
Guayaquil.
SAILED,
. Wednesday, July 24.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Diego.
Stmr Lakme. Odland, .
Stmr Samoa, Hanson, .
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, Coqullle River.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwlng, Nome.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson: Eureka.
Stmr Navarro. Jacob*, .
Stmr Cella, Higgins, Fort "Bragg.
Bktn Archer. Hardwick, Honolulu.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Hagerup, — .
SPOKEN. '
Ship Spartan,- Polite, 11 days from Seattle.
. \ CLEARED.
Wednesday, July 24.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwinjf, Nome; Dol
lar Steamship Co. .'
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Tcwnsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br btrk Chlpperkyle, Wilson, Queenatown;
G W McNear.
Schr Admiral. Petersen, Guayaquil, via
Noyo; W R Grace & Co.
Schr Maria E Smith, Nelson, 10 days from
Port Port Gamble.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, 67 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 46 hours.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 16v4 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr San Pedro. Jahnsen, 31 hours from Eu
reka, with stmr Ellen in tow 1 :
Stmr Ellen, LingTlng, 31 hours from Eu
reka.
Ger" stmr Hermonthis. Knudsen, 3 days 18
hours from Tacoma; bound to United King
dom; put in to finish loading.
Ital berk Emilia Clampa, Taccarlno, 21 days
from Honolulu.
Schr Newark, Cranele, hours from Stew-
-HIND, ROLPH & CO.'S FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER MURIEL, WHICH HAS MADE A' RECORD FOR SAILING
VESSELS FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO PUGET SOUND VIA PETROPAULOVSKI. THE ROUND TRIP, IN
CLUDING TIME TO DISCHARGE AND TAKE IN BALLAST, WAS MADE IN TWO AND A HALF MONTHS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1901. .'.-,>
She. Sails From Here on May 2 and Arrives in the Amoor River Thirty-Five
Days Later— The Barkentine Behring, Which Left Twelve Days Ahead of
Her for the Same Port, Does Not Arrive.Upto Time of Muriel's Departure
RECORD RUN OF SCHOONER MURIEL
TO PETROPAULOVSKI AND THE SOUND
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JULY 25.
7
Sun rises 5:06
Sun sets 7 :26
Moon sets 0:06 a. m.
» Time • Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LW HW LWHW
25 ... 1:12 1.0 7:56 3.6 12:09 2.7 6:4S 5 1
26 ... 1:68 0.6 9:00 3.8 1:04 3.0 7:35 6.5
27 ... 2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:58 3.1 8:16 6.7
23... 3:21—0.1 10:31 4.4 2:50 2.9 9:00 * 5.S
29 .. 3:58—0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36 2.8 9:43 " 5.8
30... 4:37—0.5 11:45 4.8 4.24 2.6 10:29 5.9
21... 5:15 12:19 4.9 5:10 2.3 11:16 5.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Conemaugh ....
Arcata
Coronado
Del Norte
Robt. Dollar...
Santa Rosa....
Coos Bay
Mackinaw..:...
Progreso..
Washtenaw....
Walla Walla...
Coptic
Point Arena...
Eureka
W. H. Kruger.
Asuncion
Alliance
Newburff..'
Acme
Czarina
Bonlta
State of Cal....
Empire....
Santa Barbara
Noyo
Curacao
Australia.......
City of Sydney.
Columbia
Anubis
Pomona...
Aconcagua
Umatllla b
Noma. & St. Michael...
Coos Bay
San Pedro
Crescent City
Seattle and Hadlock....
San Diego & Way Ports
Newport & Way Ports.
Seattle
Tacoma
Tacoma
Puget Sound Ports
China and Japan
Point Arena
Humboldt
San Pedro
Seattle ;....
Portland & Coos Bay..
Grays Harbor ;.
San Pedro
Seattle and jTacoma,...
San Pedro & Way Ports
San Diego
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Humboldt •
Mexican Ports
Tahiti
Panama & Way Ports..
Portland & Astoria
{Hamburg & Way Ports
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Pu»?et Sound Ports....,
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 23
July 26
July 28
July 28
July 26
July 2«
July 28
July 26
July 27
July 27
July 28
July 28
July 2$
July 28
July 28
July 2*
July 28
July 2«
July 23
July 29
Jury 2fr
July 29
July 31
July 31
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Coronado
St. Paul
Carlisle City.
Peru '....
City Puebla..
G. Dollar....
North Fork..
W. H. Kruge
Pomona
Alliance :'
Corona
Conemaugh..
G. W. Elder.
Area ta. .......
San Pedro....
July 25.
Grays Harbor......
Nome& St. Michael
China and Japan..
China & Japan....
Puget Sound Ports.
o rays ¦ Harbor ....
July 20.
Humboldt
Tillamook Bay
Humboldt
July 37.
Portland & Coos B.
San Diego
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay
Humboldt
July 28.
Ban Diego & Way..
Humboldt '
July 2!».
Stuslaw River.
Panama & Way...
Point Arena
Coos Bay
July 30.
Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way
July 31.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
5 pm
2 pm
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 - m
9 am
12 m
1:30 p
5 pm
9 am
ft' aim
12 m
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier '2
Pier 3
Pier IS
Pier 9
Pier 1«
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 2
Santa Rosa..
Eureka
9 am
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 13
Acme.......... I
San Bias.....
Pt. Arena....
Empire.......
3 pm
12 m
2 pm
12 m
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 18
Walla Walla.
Bonlta
11 am
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
R. Dollar.....
Czarina
Newburg.....
Noyo
State of Cal..
5 pm
6 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier S
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
"¦Excelsior
Nome City
.Humboldt ......
Dolphin..
City of Seattle.
Al-Ki
Oregon...
Dlrigo .:.
Senator.........
Cottage City...
City of Topeka
Chas. Nelson..
•Victorian
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts
Nome & Teller City
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skajjuay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Nome and .Teller
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Nome direct
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
July 23
July 25
July 25
July 26
July 23
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 30
Augr. 1
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Sun rises 5:06
Sun sets 7 :26
Moon sets 0:06 a. m.
» Time • Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LW HW LWHW
25 ... 1:12 1.0 7:56 3.6 12:09 2.7 6:4S 5 1
26 ... 1:68 0.6 9:00 3.8 1:04 3.0 7:35 6.5
27 ... 2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:58 3.1 8:16 6.7
23... 3:21—0.1 10:31 4.4 2:50 2.9 9:00 * 5.S
29 .. 3:58—0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36 2.8 9:43 " 5.8
30... 4:37—0.5 11:45 4.8 4.24 2.6 10:29 5.9
21... 5:15 12:19 4.9 5:10 2.3 11:16 5.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Conemaugh ....
Arcata
Coronado
Del Norte
Robt. Dollar...
Santa Rosa....
Coos Bay
Mackinaw..:...
Progreso..
Washtenaw....
Walla Walla...
Coptic
Point Arena...
Eureka
W. H. Kruger.
Asuncion
Alliance
Newburff..'
Acme
Czarina
Bonlta
State of Cal....
Empire....
Santa Barbara
Noyo
Curacao
Australia.......
City of Sydney.
Columbia
Anubis
Pomona...
Aconcagua
Umatllla b
Noma. & St. Michael...
Coos Bay
San Pedro
Crescent City
Seattle and Hadlock....
San Diego & Way Ports
Newport & Way Ports.
Seattle
Tacoma
Tacoma
Puget Sound Ports
China and Japan
Point Arena
Humboldt
San Pedro
Seattle ;....
Portland & Coos Bay..
Grays Harbor ;.
San Pedro
Seattle and jTacoma,...
San Pedro & Way Ports
San Diego
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Humboldt •
Mexican Ports
Tahiti
Panama & Way Ports..
Portland & Astoria
{Hamburg & Way Ports
Humboldt
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Pu»?et Sound Ports....,
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 25
July 23
July 26
July 28
July 28
July 26
July 2«
July 28
July 26
July 27
July 27
July 28
July 28
July 2$
July 28
July 28
July 2*
July 28
July 2«
July 23
July 29
Jury 2fr
July 29
July 31
July 31
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Coronado
St. Paul
Carlisle City.
Peru '....
City Puebla..
G. Dollar....
North Fork..
W. H. Kruge
Pomona
Alliance :'
Corona
Conemaugh..
G. W. Elder.
Area ta. .......
San Pedro....
July 25.
Grays Harbor......
Nome& St. Michael
China and Japan..
China & Japan....
Puget Sound Ports.
o rays ¦ Harbor ....
July 20.
Humboldt
Tillamook Bay
Humboldt
July 37.
Portland & Coos B.
San Diego
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay
Humboldt
July 28.
Ban Diego & Way..
Humboldt '
July 2!».
Stuslaw River.
Panama & Way...
Point Arena
Coos Bay
July 30.
Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way
July 31.
Seattle & Hadlock.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt
San Diego & Way.
5 pm
2 pm
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 - m
9 am
12 m
1:30 p
5 pm
9 am
ft' aim
12 m
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier '2
Pier 3
Pier IS
Pier 9
Pier 1«
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 2
Santa Rosa..
Eureka
9 am
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 13
Acme.......... I
San Bias.....
Pt. Arena....
Empire.......
3 pm
12 m
2 pm
12 m
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 18
Walla Walla.
Bonlta
11 am
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
R. Dollar.....
Czarina
Newburg.....
Noyo
State of Cal..
5 pm
6 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier S
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
"¦Excelsior
Nome City
.Humboldt ......
Dolphin..
City of Seattle.
Al-Ki
Oregon...
Dlrigo .:.
Senator.........
Cottage City...
City of Topeka
Chas. Nelson..
•Victorian
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts
Nome & Teller City
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skajjuay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Nome and .Teller
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Nome direct
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
Skaguay & Way Ports.
July 23
July 25
July 25
July 26
July 23
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 30
Augr. 1
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Southern Pacific Excursion Bates
From San Francisco All 'Over
the State.
On sale for Epworth Leaguers ami
friends, July 12 to August 15, fare and
third round trip. Stop-over's everywhere.
Watch announcements, special excursions,
special days. Literature and rates. In-
formation Bureaus and ticket offices. G13
Market street, and Mechanics" Pavilion.
Wong Gee and his bride left last even-
Ing for Minneapolis, their future home.
As they left the mission they were pelted
with rice by the children inmates.
costume. She carried a bouquet of pink
sweet peas.
The wedding of the Oriental couple was
solemnized in the reception room of the
mission and they marched to the platform
where the ceremony was performed to
the accompaniment of the bridal chorus
sung by Chee Lowe, Toy Lowe. Miss Bes-
sie C. Ahlye and Sue Len. After the cer-
emony refreshments were served.
Ah Ching, the pretty little Chinese miss
who officiated as maid of honor, was gor-
geously arrayed in embroidered Chinese
The nuptials of Choi and Wong were
conducted in most approved of American
fashion. The bride wore a gown of soft
white organdie, all laid in tiny, tucks and
trimmed with lace. Her hair was dressed
in the very latest fashion and in the
midst of her dark curls a spray of orange
blossoms was pinned. She carried a bou-
quet of bride roses. Wong, the prosper-
ous and happy looking, groom, wore a
blue serge sack suit. His boots were of
patent leather and his necktie of white
lawn and of the very latest style.
Wong fell In love with Choi's photo-
graph and sent his own Jn return. Then
a correspondence was begun, which ended
in Wong journeying to this coast to win
In person Choi's consent to wed him.
"Wong arrived three weeks ago. He wooed
ardently and well, as the marriage ol yea-
terday must prove.
ious to be a benedict a picture of Choi
Que, an inmate of the home, pretty, 17 and
anxious to be wed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ban Francisco. CaJ.
WILL OPEN' AUGUST 1.
Address SISTER SUPERIOR.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SIXTEENTH AND DOLORES STS.
CHALMERS DENTAL CO.,
133 Powell St., San Francisco.
Crown and Bridge Work
excels. It raises the artificial to the standard
of the natural. Our work la. guaranteed for 20
years. -j. These prices cannot tell of values. -
Repairing Plates. $1.OO Artificial Teeth.fo.OO
Bridgework........$5.OO Gold Fillings. ..$1.OO
MODERN DENTISTRY -
can make even the poorest teeth good to look
upon. If too bad for use they can be replaced.
Our
Many Smiles
are spoiled by unsightly teeth. This should not
be.
AMUSEMENTS. ~ :
T" I \v ful 1 1 ik
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
THIS "WEEK BY PUBLIC DEMAND.
The Toy Maker.
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
POPULAR PRICES-25C and 50c.
Grand Opera Season
MONDAY - - - July 29.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
First "Week— "AIDA" and "RIGOLETTO."
Telephone Bush .9.
EVERT EVENING THIS "WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS .
, Steele Mackaye's Greatest Play,
"PAULKAUVAR."
A high-class Imperial photograph of E. J.
Morgan will be given each lady present Friday
evening.
Prices— 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, 25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— "THE SENATOR."
%9 y In %$ EWMOB $R LEADING THEATRE
EVERY NIGHT-INCLUDING SUNDAY
Matinee Saturday.
TRIPLE BIT |TAR, COMPANY PRODUC-
The Distinguished Irish Comedian,
MR. CHAUNCEY
OLCOTT
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE."
In the New Irish Comedy,
GARRETT O'MAGH.
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
Hear OLCOTTS NEW SONGS.
Next Week— Final ¦ Nlglits— Mr. Chauncey
Olcott in "GARRETT O'MAGH."
BELA&COAHBTriALLSjfcfftg,
¦ mmeariuu
TO-NIGHT— EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
• MATINEE SATURDAY. AND SUNDAY.
Gorgeous Revival of the Famous Play,
TRILBY
- An All-Star Cast of Popular' Favorites.
JAMES M. BROPHY as Svengali.
Reappearance of Miss Juliet Crosby and Rob-
ert Cummings. First appearance at this theater
of Edwin. T. Emery.
PDirCe Evenings. ...... .10c, 15c, 25c, 85c, 50c
I illvEJ Matinees. 10c. 15c, 25c
Next Week— '.THE ENSIG2LH
OLYMFIA c?iEUfoi..
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
JN THE CITY.
LA MONTS,
World-Famous Equilibrists.
LESTER REEVES,
The Eminent Barytone.
THE TALBERTS,
Lyric Artists Without Equal.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
' AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
~\ •'¦• ; "... ADMISSION FREE.
."BASEBALL.'
OAKLAND^. SACRAMENTO.
TO'day, Friday and Saturday at 3:15.
0- SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREA TION JPARK,
'Eighth and Hixrison street*.
642 MARKET 5t. Instruments
UNDER CHRONICLE BUILDING.; CATALOGUE FREE.
Oculists' . Prescrip'B. Filled. Phone— Main 10.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
'Broken Eye- Glass Lenses
: 'Replaced for Fifty Cents.
. Any Astigmat.'c Lens Duplicated for
AMUSEMEJJTS.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by "WHITE WHITTLESET.
In* a Notable Revival of Ausustin Daly's
Comedy,
THE COUNTRY
GIRL.
Only Matinee Saturday. Seats on Sale Six
Days In Advance.
, Next— "THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNNE."
LATEST NOVELTIES IN VAUDEVILLE.
STANTON" AND 2EODECTA; AMETA;
WILL H. MURPHY & BLANCHE
• NICHOLLS; 3 BBOOKLYNS; El)
F. REYNARD, AND THE BIO-
~, GRAPH. Last appearances of
-^ CHEVALIEB ENBICO MABIO
SCOGNAMILLO, DAMM BROTH-
ERS and CHARLES LEONARD
FLETCHER.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balpony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
WELCOME RETURN.
MR. JAMBS AND THE
A/J=7/ / NEILL
M « BmmJ M Mmm/jLmS COMPANY.
Presenting for the first week the Comic Society
Problem Play.
The Case of Rebellions Susan
By Henry Arthur Jones.
SPFflAf BARGAIN MATINEES Every
SrCWlAL Thursday, 23c »nd SOc reserved
Regular subscribers will kindly notify box
officoito-day if they desire their names booked
for seats. . \'
EVE 25c, S3c. SOc. 73c, U
SAT. MAT 25c. 80c. 75o
::j: SEATS NOW SELLING.
CHUTES^and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT !
THE AMATEURS
AND A
LADIES' HIGH - KICKING
CONTEST.
SEE
LUNETTE,
THE HYPNOTIC MARVEL.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
FISCHER'S SSSSi? 7 *
Matinee Sunday. Charity Martin. Pietro
Buzzl. Murray and Appel. Mabel Ruthorford.
mezzo-soprano; Karl and Bayle. the Graville
and Grahams. Babe Ruth. James T. Marky.
Admission. 10c: reserved seats. 23c. Telephone
Main 231. TUESDAY. July »0— Benefit AU-
GUST HINRICHS. \__
StJTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
- OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to 11 p. ¦.
~, . 'v -Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. in.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 23c Children. 20c
_*, These hotels possess
ANft the attributes that tour- :
f^ 11 ** ists and travelers ap-'
<in a \rn preciate— central loca-
UlvAliU tion. liberal xnanage-
w/vrtrr C ment. modem appotnt-
nil 1 EL J, ments and perfect cui-
sine.
* c_ n American and Kuro-
*^^ ;- pean plan*. ,
Francisco.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
C$ 1051Umi?s;.tet.6tfc&7tfa,S.F.Cal.
• , tjf The Largest Anatomical Museum In the
— , ifl m ' World. .Weaknesses or any contracted
flES £99 *sease po»Ui»«-Iy cured by the oldest
IgMl Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years.
ifJSfl DR * jordAn-diseases of men
I^ClHjkH Consultation free and strictly private.
I TJtiU' ft Treatment personally or by letter. A
H V <Q{ H Ponitivt Curt in every case undertaken.
F f \\ A * Write for Book. PII1LO8OPBY of
* I I T I II4RRIAGE, MAILED FREE. (A
(^ valuable book for men)
JDK. JORDAN * CO., 1051 Market St., S. F.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For • the cure j of - GONORRHEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs i of : Generation. '¦'" . v ; ".'"
Price 51 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Prepresslve, exceedingly thorough, finely
eouipped departments: positions for graduates.
S05 Larkin et. Illustrated catalogue.
R. L. DURHAM. President
IRVINC INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for girls, 2128 Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. The
n<-xt session wiM begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalo^Tie address the principal.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MiLJTARY SCHOOL,
FAN MATEO. CAL. Th» next term will begin
August :5. tool. For catalosrue and illustrated
rlreular Rddre?s I>v. WILLIAM A- BREWER,
A^B.. Rector and Head Master.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
202 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Lossor.s j/er5onally or by mail. Acknowledged hy
sfflcial roportcrs. "best teachers, best system."
Cn'lec e Sm Pafael for Young Lndies.
Conductf-d by the Sisters of tit. Dominic
Opens August 1, 1U01. Full college Course of
itudifcs. ilodern building; steam heated. Un-
turpassed for beauty and healthful ness. Ad-
frees MOTHER SUPERIOR. College San Ra-
liel. San Rafael. Cal.
THE WEEKLY -CALL
• $1 per Year.
Xraa Term "Will Commence August 14.
Major Geo. C. Col'.ins. Commandant.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal. '
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Studies wiJl be resumed MONDAY. August
S. 190L BRO. ERMINGLD. President.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FDR GIRLS,
OPENS AUGUST 19. For catalogue and spe-
cial Information apply to
MART B. WEST. Principal.
RAYMOND COACHING SCHOOL,
465 Eddy Ft.. San Francisco, Cal.
Repairs deficiencies in all grades. Prepares
for Law and Mrdical Colleges and for the
Universities. Sessions continuous.
New Term Bejlns August 6.
C4 PINE STREET.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
AND NEWSPAPER ILLUSTRATION.
DAT AND NIGHT CLASSES.
Principal, GEORGE BATES. M. A.; Pri-
mary Dppt.. mips m. p. McDonnell, is in-
tPrKj^d to furnish the best preparation for the
univerfitie* or for business to a limited num-
ber of pupil?. - Opens on MONDAY, Aug. 5.
Fnr circulars, etc., address 904 Van Ness ave.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL.
1615 Bu?h ttreet (West of Franklin*
HAMUH SCHOOL and YAH NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Franclneo, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities cf California and Leland Stanford
Jr., also Vassar, Smith and "Wellesley colleges.
Keepers August 12. 1901.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
f* ONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS DI-
** plcrnas; seminary course accredited to the
Universities: rare opportunities offered In mu-
r'.c, art and elocution: thirty-sixth year; fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1S01. Write for catalogus
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Colleea
r. o.. cai.
Conducted by thp Sisters of Mercy, opens Anf.
5, tSOl. Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
<;ramir 1 ar und lower classes graded on State
School.*. Modern building: steam heated;
Edited by eras: large exercise grounds; loea-
tion •jrsuTT'a^s^d for health. Communication
*liv several IiT»i> of tt^air.ers.
\<idre.<E MOTHER SUPERIOR. Rio Vista, Cal.
ST. GERTfJUDS'S ACADEMY FOR
YOUNG LADIF.s.
TERM OPENS JULY 29. 130L
Office now oven for abdications. Send for
CatRlogrue.
BARTON CRUIKEHANK, M. S.. President.
NO TUITION, except a fee cf Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakaces.
MANUAL TRAINING,
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
NORMAL COURSES,
INVALID COOKERY. ETC.
With Instruction in
SEWING. COOKERY. DRESSMAKING,
MILLINERY, HOME NURSING,
00KESTI5 SCIENCE COURSES,
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
Open to any graduate of the grammar
echools or equivalent course.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
WITH FTEXOGRAPHY AXD TYPEWRITING
For voune men and women over 46 years cf «ce.
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEA!0
ENGINEERS.
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAKERS.
FOUNDRYMEH. MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
Courses of Etudy to fit youne men for
petitions as
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folsozn streets.
SAX FRANCISCO.
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
Prepares Young Men and AVomen for Business
Careers.
3S.PC0 Graduates now success-
fully applying their 1Q AAA
knowledge IOjUUU
2,500 Stenographers have, been trained at
Heald's 3,500
1,000 Nearly one thousand Pupils enrolled
last year 1,000
<50 Average dally attendance iy
300 Nearly three hundred graduates last
year SCO
274 Positions filled during the year 274
150 Additional positions offered last year
that could not be filled for lack of
graduates .'.
€0 Typewriting Machine* in the Typing
Department 68'
C3 Counties in California represented !
last year SS I
40 Heald's Business College is nearly ,
forty years old..., 40 i
rS Teachers employed In the school 28 j
17 States and Territories sent students !
to the college last year 17 !
7 Korel^n Countries were represented in J
the student body last year 7 ,
t There ere three Banks in the Busi- |
ness Practice Department 3 ;
School Is open the entire year, DAY and f
NIGHT. !
WRITE FOB ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE j
(FREE). i
BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24- Post Street, San Francisco, Cal.
THE LEADING .BUSINESS TRAINING
SCHOOL OF THE WEST.
AUVEBTISEMENTS. **~"
I . COPTRIOHT 1I0O BY THt PftOCTCR A GAUftLC CO. CIMCtNNATI
WITHIN REACH.
FF-jpTlECAUSE of its low price Ivory Soap is
T^h w^hin the reach of all. Besides its low
pbL^fj CQS t it has the advantage that it is
entirely satisfactory for so many varied uses; I
it will do the work of a half dozen kinds I
i
of soap each intended for a special purpose.
IVORY SOAP IS 99«>iS> PER CENT. PURE.
¦ ¦ • .6PECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
CALL CALENDAR.
All descriptions of stocks were <jul.»t on the
morning sessions of the exchanges, and there
were no variations we/thy of remark.
In the afternoon Hcnokaa Sugar was weaker
at J16@16 25. - -
The California Oil & Gas Company'n dividend
of 75c was paid yesterday.
Since the last assessment of 5c on Petroleum
Center stock. 37.000 shares have reverted to the
treasury of the company, leaving amount Issued
373,000 shares. . V
The Gas Consumers' Association has called a
meeting of stockholders for September 24 to I
act on a proposition to Increase th«« present
capital of $300,000 in 23.000 shares of the par
value of J20 each to $1,000,000 In 50.000 shares*
of the same par value.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
WEDNESDAY, July 24—2 p. m
Bid. Ask. I - Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. .113 113\i[4s <ir op (new>.13S 133
4s quar reg. ...113 113Vs.3s quar coup. ..1C0 109»i
UNITED STATES BONDS.
TUOLXJMN'E RIVER AT LA GRANGE
STOCK MARKET.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rressure has fallen along the coast of
California and has risen over Washington and
Vancouver Island. An extensive depression
overllee the southern half of the Pacific Slope,
and thunderstorms are reported In Nevada and
Utah. At Flagstaff a rainfall of .22 o; an inch
Is reported.
Afternoon temperatures In the sreat valleys
ranpe from S8 to 108 decrees.
Forvr-aBt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 55. 19C1:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
thunderstorms In the foothills and mountains;
continued warm weather; light southerly winds
Inland; fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, except
thunderstorms in the mountains; fresh nouth
tvest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday, with occasional
thunderstorms; continued warm; brisk westerly
Trtnd.
Kan FrancJceo and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh southwest winds.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
CHICAGO, July 24.— Strength at Liverpool
and In Northwestern markets, apprehensions
over the corn sltuatioit nnd the dry weather
map called an opening advance in September
wheat of %c to »Hc, sales being made at 72-j
to 73c. A prediction of showers in . the spring
wheat country and weaker late cables Induced
active liquidation following the opening. and
September declined to 71Vic. Damage claims
from the Northwest and reports of hot weather
In that section later enrolled new converts to
the bull faith and the result was a sharp ad
vance to 72»i<\ the market closing strong soon
after. September lT4c higher at 72<ic
Corn ruled active and strong. Throughout
the heat-stricken growing belt no rain was in
sight, save in Iowa, where some rain was said
to have fallen. The situation in Missouri and
Nebraska whs said to bo practically past hope.
September closed lV4©l?»c higher at S6Vic.
Country holders of oats sold ¦ continuously
throughout the session, offerings being the
heaviest In days. The hot weather and sym
liathy with corn and wheat were the sustain
ing factors. September closed %®Hc- higher
at !8Hc >
Provisions were dull and the trade feature
lees. Prices w*ere easy at the opening, but
advanced slightl? later In sympathy with the
grain markets. September pork and ribs closed
£.0 up and lard 2',£c higher. . ¦ ¦ •$,-,-¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— , Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 71 7Ui 70»i 70?i
September -73 73 7H4 72',i
December 74% 74»i " 73\i 7H;
Cots: No. 2— ¦ M r '
July 55% 65% 54% 55«i
September 57 5714 E5T4 ' 66i»
December. - ESU SSVi 66% 57>i
Oats No. 2—
July 35% 36 So 36
September Z"\i \ 37'.^ 35 36'.i
May •• 39 s 39% 3S . .35
Mesa pork. . per barrel — - . . " .
September ...14 12V4 1* 6214 14 42V4 14 62'4
January ....14 90. 14 97>4 14 90 "1450
• Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 8 70 .8 75 8 70 8 75
October 8 72V4 S 77',£ S 72>4 8 77J4
January 8 60 8 65 '8 60 S 65
Short ribs, per 100 pounCi--.
September 7 97H 8 02V4 7 97tf S 02U
October 8 02ft 8 05 8 02V4 8 05
January :. 7 80 . 7 S2V& -7 SO . 7 SO
Cash quotations .'. were . as follows: Flour,
firm: No. 3 spring. wheat, 66ff?:70c?»No. 2 red, ,70
(R70Vic; No. 2 corn,' Si%f7o5' T -ic: No. 2 yellow,'
55"£c; No. 2 cats. 37%c; No. 2 white. 40Vfce; No.
3 white. 37<S33c: No. 2 rye, • 56<856»ic;- fair to
1 cljclce. malting' barley. 4S<350c; prime .timothy
SAN JOAQUIN RJV
ER AT HERXDON
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN,
PLOW OE BIVEUS.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet,
per second, or second feet, one seeond foot
equaling 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures ar«
from J. B. Llpplneott, hydrosrrapher of, the
United States Geological Survey:
NEW YORK, July 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13,529 barrels; exports, 12,349 barrels; steady
and fairly actfve.
WHEAT— Receipts. 411,330 bushels; exports,
71,923 bushels. Spot, firm. No. 2 red, SO'.ic
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 7SUc elevator;. No.
1 Northern Duluth, 79%c f. o. b. ; No. 1 hard
Duluth, SSVic f. o. b. afloat. . Options opened
strong and active on cables, hot weather talk
and foreign demand. Heavy buying was an
early feature. The market closed firm at 1%
<ffl%c net advance". July. 78@78%c," closed 78c;
September. 76%@77j13-16o. closed 77'ic; Octo
ber, 77%@77*ic, closed 77%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Qui^t.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, etcady; No. 7 invoice,
5 ll-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8',i@12%c. Fu
tures closed steady, unchanged to five points
higher. Total sales, 16,250 bags, - including:
August, 4.75c; September, 4. 80® 4.85c: October,
4.90c; December, 5.03c; January," 5.15c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal, £6 test, 4 3-16c;" molasses sugar,
3 5-16c. .
BUTTER — Receipts, 8672 packages; strong.
State dairy? lie; creamery, 16@20c.
EGGS— Receipts. 6D0O packages; firm. West
ern candled, 14®15c; Western uncandled, 8@llc.
DRIED FRUITS,
Chicago Grain Market.
Dried fruits were quiet but steady all day.
Evaporated apples. State common to good, 3&@
6c: prime, hhi<iiii%c; choice, 6@6&c; fancy, 6<i
@7c. . .
California dried fruits ruled steady and were
In fair demand.
PRUNES— 2>i«2Uc
APRICOTS— Royal. S-ff12c: Moorpark, 7U^i2c.
PEACH ES-Peeled. ll@12c; unpeeled, 5@i0c. •
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, July 24.— The dullness and the
feebler fluctuations in prices in to-day's stock
market reflects the flagging of speculative in
terest which is usual after an active specula
tive movement has expended itself and has been
followed by reaction. By this morning the fact
had become quite obvious that yesterday's vio
lent recovery in the prices of stocks had been
principally based on the relapse in the grain
crops. The consequence of this revised view of
yesterday's movement was some renewed mis
givings lest yesterday's report of benefit from
rains had been overstated. These misgivings
were accentuated by published estimates from
exhaustive Inquiry showing heavy damage al
ready Inflicted upon the corn crop. The sharp
opening declines, however, met considerable
effective support and substantial rallies fol
lowed. The weakness was again renewed in
the stock market when the grain markets
opened and showed notable strength, both for
corn and wheat, the resulting declines In stocks
exceeding those at the opening and extending
from the grangers into other portions of the
railroad list. The tendency of stocks to rally
from declines showed the growth of a feeling
among the speculators that, even conceding sub
stantial damage to the corn crop, the decline
already effected In prices In stocks has fairly
discounted this damage. Another party argues
that prices of stocks are still unduly high com
pared with previous years, notwithstanding the
wide declines that have occurred from the
year's high level. Thus there fs room afforded
for two contending parties In the speculation
and the irregular fluctuations In prices, which
constitute what Is called a traders' market.
Money market considerations again loom Into
some prominence as a factor In the activity of
speculation. It Is realized that the heavy liqui
dation in stocks of the last few days had In
view preparation to meet the crop moving re
quirements and not renewed speculation. The
transfer of funds from Xew York through de
posits at the Sub-Treasury is the signal fhat
crop requirements have begun. The necessity
must therefore be recognized of adjusting spec
ulative demands upon the money market to this
prior and more urgent requirement. The lack
of definite conviction regarding the outlook was
evident from the confused and irregular move
ment of prices. An attempt was evident to lead
an upward movement by bidding up of Union
Pacific and the Wabash issues and there was
some show of firmness among the Southern
roads and seaboard soft coal carriers. But the
market yielded at last to renewed weakness
when the room traders attempted to take their
profits and the lowest prices for the grangers
and Pacifies were made slightly before the
close, which was feverish and irregular. At the
lowest the declines were: Missouri Pacific, 3%;
St. Paul. 3%; Union Pacific. 3U: Atchison. 2%;
Kansas and Texas preferred. 2«; while in the
general list declines of 1 to 2 points were very
general. Total sales, 500,000 shares:
The railroad bond market was dull and heavy.
Total sales, par value, $1,315,000.
United States 4s declined *i per cent on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sold. Stocks— B'd
54.400 Atchlson 70*74
1.000 Atchlson prefd -935?
1,300 Baltimore & Ohio * 941s
300 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 93
800 Canadian Pacific 103
Canada Southern 66'4
100 Chesapeake & Ohio V." 4JU
1,400 Chicago & Alton 36»T
400 Chicago & Alton prefd 73i>
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 32
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis prefd 69
Chicago & Kastern Illinois 123
2,900 Chicago & Great Western 23
' Chicago & Groat Western A prefd.. 80tJ
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 47*i
300 Chicago & Northwestern 192%
2,400 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 139"
3,600 Chicago Terminal & Trans 1S'4
2W Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.. 38
300 C C C & St Louis 88
400 Clorado Southern 131^
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 214
100 Delaware & Hudson 177
300 Delaware Lackawanna & West 224
100 Denver & Rio Grande 40%
800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 90 '
8,500 Erie 35%
1,100 Erie 1st prefd ' 64»i
300 Erie 2d prefd 4$
300 Great Northern prefd 172
100 Hocking Valley 451',
100 Hocking Valley prefd 74 "
1,200 Illinois Central i^c-r
100 Iowa Central 31;'
100 Iowa Central prefd 73
I>ake Erie & Western 53
Lake Erie & Western prefd 116
6.300 Louisville & Nashville 1O1>4
1.000 Manhattan L us
200 Metropolitan Street Railway 166
300 Mexican Central 23%
400 Mexican National 9
50" Minneapolis & St Louis 107
14,400 Missouri Pacific ? 97s;
Missouri Kansas & Texas 25
1,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 51 «A
New Jersey Central 159
1,000 New York .Central 150
3,100 Norfolk & Western 47«i
r. Norfolk & V.'estern prefd 87H
2,000 Ontario & Western 3114
P C C & St Louis > gs
3,600 Pennsylvania 1431;
2.500 Reading 39
3,500 Reading 1st prefd v 74^
1.700 Reading 2d prefd 49»;
700 St Louis & San Francisco 40»i
St Louis ft San Francisco 1st prefd. 79
400 Rt Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 67U
200 St Louis Southwestern 27,
Pt Louis Southwestern prefd 76',-i
31.800 St Paul .: :..156i2
St Paul prefd 1&3 *.
86.900 Southern Pacific 55<*
7.100 Southern Railway 2s^i
3.100 Southern Railway prefd 82Va
4.60J Texas & Pacific 39\i
I Toledo St Louis & West 20
100 Toledo St Louis & West prefd 33 '
7S.700 Unlcn Pacific 9714
. 2W) Union Pacific prefd rku
4.700 Wabash 21
14.100 Wabanh prefd 3SH4
1.300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 17»;
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 2S 
100 Wisconsin Central 21
ATlsconsin Central prefd 4O',4
Express Companies —
Adams ]70
American i<w>
100 United States g-»
WellF-Fafgo no
Miscellaneous —
7,700 Amalgamated Copper lll^i
WW American Car & Foundry 29 '
200 American Car & Foundry prefd S2U
SflO American Linseed OH 28,
American Linseed Oil prefd.; 60 ¦'
!*><> American Smelting & rtefng / Soli
300 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 100H
l.WXl American Tobacco i2S'i
3.CO0 Anaconda Mining Co "..-. 44'
1.1D0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ' 76U
R00 Colorado Fuel & Iron 97"
200 Consolidated Gas 21SV2
Continental Tobacco GiV,
Continental Tobacco prefd ..115
100 General Electric <>5o
10O Glucose Sugar .'...•..;..;. ..'! KXU
....300 Hocking Coal -¦; 21
International Paper — 2QV.
International Paper prefd 7;,
900 International Power " 94U,
Laclede Gas '" <v>
200 National Biscuit •••...»
200 National I^ead '" 19
200 National Bait, ex-div "" 40
200 National Salt prefd. ex-div .'.*" 74
200 North American ..'."lOO
Pacific Coast 1 '¦-* «
Pacific Mall \\\\' 3 ?
1,600 People's 1 Gas it»,
1.400 Pressed Steel Car •' 41
1.C00 Pressed Steel Car prefd gju
Pullman Palnce Car «>oo "
600 Republic Steel jsu
1 4C0 Republic Steel prefd 73'"
EASTERN MARKETS.
Imports of Specie.
Imports of epeeie at this port during the first
tix months of th* year were J6.534.5C0. against
$6,724,904 during the same time last year, the
leading dercriptKras being »<» foHow s: Gold
bullion. *3,049.r3*: gold coin. J2.110.55o; silver
bullion. JL244.M3; M'.ver coin. $125,894.
The principal sources were us follows: rrora
Japan. 12,657.543; Australia, $1,066,066; Mexico,
J1.7S3.C14.
Currants and Raisins in Nezv York
Msil advices from New York say
"Currants are Uc lower, Amallas of best
quality now being <jaoted by all holders at 9c.
with some less desirable brands obtainable as
low es S»ic. The heavy arrivals of fresh sup
plies from Greece several days ago on the
Marco Minghettl and the Pocahontas—some
thing over 1S0O bbls !n all— caused a nervous
feelinp: on the part of holders, and the pressure
to Fell en the part of one holder of a consid
erable supply led to the break. A lower offer
rn new crop Amalias at 19s for August ship
ment, this being 6(1 lower than the previous
cablf also had its effect in causing an easier
Fituat>on. No business ct importance was re
pr.rtpd at th<> lower range of quotations. One
\r\ of fibotit 2« bbls was sold under 9c. but the
brand wiif n^t mentioned. Th«» market is
weak at the decline. No transactions were
lipord of in futures. The goods offered for
August s-iiipmfnt an" understood to be one of
the !*¦«* popular Amalia brands.
"The situation on bleached Sultana Raisins is
vory ¦troos. and ther*> ar<- virtually no sup
~11p"s to be had on the *pot. either from fliyt
or M-corM brands. Offerings of bleached from
th»> <"oast are reported entirely cleaned up.
Fa)* 1 !* of pevoral cars of standard grade being
ms<1p r.t 7V. £ °- b. California, and orders
lnr several bf\r.g rr;«>rted turned down.
l*nbl^a'-i.*"J l>«ps are offmliK at SUc. f. o. b.
Coa«t. L^h-w raisin* are dull. The supply of
•minronifMt" raisins on the Coast appears to
N> r\!iauste'l for th^ present «t least, further
attempt* to pot orders accepted at the 3Vic
Iirms having failed. Fpot apricot* continue
liull and no lvjFin<-.---!« U reported In futures.
<h<->i<-«> Varavilleji in bags are offering at S'ic.
f. o. b. Coast. Kv.xporated apples are firm
ar<1 in only moderate demand In a Jobbing
wa>-. Pal" °f several hundred bags of choice
vr<-p r^ixM-led at "c. Som* activity is noted
In waste, sales of several cars being reported
at Jl :.'.".
Opposing Interests in Wall Street.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
"Among: the larger local operators and at the
interior cities a Ur^e measure of liquidation
has been acrtimpllshed within the last two
wpfVis. nnd th» mest Important holders appear
in be now th« railroad magnates who have
ir.vi'Fted *«T largely jn connection with co
operative dral*. yet have been able to realize
enly to a limited extfnt. The interest of this
class lies very decidedly in the maintenance of
Trices, and their supporting ability is of course
vtry important: while those who have llquid-
E t«i may be expected to contribute their
influence toward lower prices. The current
relations between the speculative interests are
therefore twt unlikely to develop a good deal
of active campaigning between the opposite
sfJrs.
••Each »1de hat strong factors in Its sup
port. The 'bulls' have with them some of the
strongest and moft courageous railroad capt
ta'.istF and bankers In the country and can con
trol any amount of money they may need. They
err hack«><! by the most influential financiers,
and hf>nre pes^pss the advantages of a power
ful iirpptiic*'. They are supported by a rail
jaa'l situation such as has never existed be
foro in the history of ths country. The gross
rarninp* of 176 roads, for the first half of 1901.
Fhow an Increase of I61.5S0.231. or of 10.3 per
cent, over the like period of 1908; or, comparing
the laft half year with the »me months of
3<:?7. the Increase is S230.100.fiCO, or 54 per cent.
Th's !n-.m<>ni<e increase in the intrinsic value
< f r.->ilrr«?il -Jnv<"stnv?r.t8 constitutes a bulwark
of t\ "<-n-ih for ttips? f=«curities. Furthermore,
ihr- , • 'tir; \alue of these stocks is the most
< . n< evidence of the expanding trade and
jT-:i »f the nation. Another factor sup
jvit i »!><» -bull' sid«- of the market is the
rt-rr.Hrkf M» ii^-rease In the volume of the
curr<r.cy unijrr the operation of the new
currency Jaw. the nrain since March, 1300,
btYbv v-e*n $:!2.wi.cm.
"The other side r.f the market, however, pre
sents «=om«? uncertain «£p*"Cts. The crop pros
pwts are romewhet lx-low early expectations.
th« corn and oat crops having already suffered
terious injury, although it is not impossible.
as Faid abov<>. that the loss may be In some
measure r«>pair»d. B< tides, the unrest in the
lab"r mark<< is having a disturbing effect upon
public confidence,." :
Weather Report.
THE COAST RECORD.
fl?Pth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 24, 1901—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported frcm in California to-day:
Eureka, fip: Mount Tamalpais. 86; Independence,
S4; Red Bluff, 1<X>; Fresno, 104: Lop Angeles, 82;
Facramento. t.«; San Luis Obispo. 7S; San Diego,
70.
Pan Francl?c« data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 50; mean, 56.
last night: weather favorable for all fruits.
Ventura — Weather contirfues favorable for
beets, beans and corn. .
•Holllster— Foggy In morning; threshers busy;
grain yielding well. •
Palermo— South wind; weather favorable for
drying fruit.
Santa Maria— White beans blossoming: only
average setting: grain threshing as before.
Hanford— North wind; wheat doing fine; fa
vorable for frut.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
* —x
CHICAGO, July 24.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-dav: Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, $1 90@2 20, average $2 02; halves,
average, $1 10. Plums — Bradshaws, single
crates, $1 60@l 65, average $1 G3;i Burbanks,
single crates, average $1 70;' Columbias, single
crates, $1 60(32 40, averare $1 46; Purple Du
anes, single crates, average $1 S3. Apples—
Red . Astrachan, boxes, average $1 35., Plums—
Kelsey Japans, single craes, average $1 75;
Klngdon, single crates, $1 30® 2, average $1 91;
Satsuma,- single crates, $1 20@l 75, : average
$1 67; Yellow Eggs, single crates, $1 65@1 75,
average $1 72. Prunes — Germans, single crates,
$1 75 | JJ>2, average $1 92; Gros, single crates, av
erage ?2 60; Tragedy, single crates, $1 75(g>2,
average U 93. Seven cars sold to-day. Weather
hot.
Porter Bros. Company sold California fruit
-to-day: Peaches — Crawford, boxes. 70@85c, av
erage 72c; St. John, boxes, average 75c; Foster,
boxes, 70®85c, averaee 79c; Foster, single
era Us, fl 15. Pears— Bartletts, average $1 90.
Nectarines— Red, single crates, average $2 20.
Grapes — Fontainebleau, single . crates, $1 85(g>
2 20, average $2 09. Plums— Yellow Egg, jingle
crates, average $1 75: Comedy, single crates,
$1 65<gl 70, average $1 68.
NEW YORK. July 24.— Porter Bros.' Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Peaches—
Crawfords, t.0c5?$l 25; Fosters. 65c@$l: Decatur,
95cfo$l 20; St. John. 63@90c; Strawberry Cling,
tS<§80c. Plums— WickMon. SI 45@2 30. . single
crate; Burbank, average $1 90; Bradahaw, av
erage $1 85; Purple Duane. $1 7O«T1 90; Wash
ington, $1 75@2 05; Imperial, average {1 60;
Dcwey, average $1 73: Kelsey Japan, $1 SJ^l 40:
Satnuma. average $1 55; Comedy, $1 43(&1 83;
Diamond, average $2 05; Ogon. average $1 CT>;
Mood, average $1 50; Eureka. $2 05@2 30; Chat
cot, average $1 90. Prunes— Gros, averace $1 50.
Nectarines— Average 60c. Pears— Bartletts, $2 03
(§2 33 box.
MONTREAL. July 24.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit' at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Pears — Bart
letts. boxes. $2 40(F('2 10, average $2 46; half
boxes, average $l 43. Prunes— Gros. single
crates, $2 15i£2 20. average $2 17. Two cars
sold to-day. Weather favorable.
BOSTON, July 24.— The sales of the Earl
Fruit Company at auction to-day realized the
following trices: Pears— Hartletts, boxes, $2 40
@2 70, averase $2 56. Five cars sold. Hot
weather.
• PHILADELPHIA. July 24— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-dny realized the following prices: Pears —
Bartletts, boxes, $2 45<f72 75, average $2 69.
Peaches— Early Crawfords, boxes, average 60c.
Plums— Burbanke. single crates, average $1 90;
Columbias. single crates. $1 40@l 90, average
$104; Kelsey Japans, single crates, average
$1 93; Purple Dunnes, single crates. $1 C0@l SO,
average $1 60; Satsurna, single 1 crates, average
$1 R0; Washington*, sin^lfi crates, average
$1 63. Prunes — Germans, sincle crates, $1 90?ii
2 15. average $1 38; Tragedy, single crates, av
erage $2 23. Two cars sold. Weather hot.
Boston ¦ Wool Market.
BOSTON. July 24.— The American Cotton
and AVool Reporter will say to-morrow:
The wool market has continued active and
strong. Fine wools are tending upward and
the strength of the situation is intensified by
the report that prices at tho London sales have
hardened still further. The mills are well em
ployed and the prospects are for a good light
weight season. Both the large and small mills
have been" buying and the business of the past
week has been more generally distributed than
previously. There Is still free buying of wools
in Montana, although the excitement is less
pronounced than It was at one time and the
buyers in some instances have slightly reduced
their limits. The present month will prac
tically wind up the season In Montana and in
dications are that the great bulk of the clip
will have been, purchased' outright.
The sales for the week In Boston amounted
to 6.093,000 pounds domestic and 475.000 pounds'
foreign, making a total of 6.750,000 pounds,
against a total of 6.960.000 pounds for tho pre
vious week and -a total- of 6,347,000 pounds for
the corresponding week last year.
The sales since January 1 amount to 128,3-42.
600 pounds, against 74.2S2.600 pounds for the
corresponding time last year. . •
London \ Wool Sales.
LOXDOX. July 24.-rThe -number of bales of
wool offered at to-day auction sales was 12,824.
Fine wools were In smalL supply. The home
trade were the principal buyers of cross-breds.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal wools were in
supply and consisted chiefly "of heavy, greasy
wools, which sold slowly, some being bought
in.
Nav York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 24.— A- further decline of
£1 in the price of tin in the London market
makes a loss of £12 within four day,s, closing
£121 for spot and £114 21s for futures. Local
prices declined sharply, but at the present
price of 26.62%c the market-is said. to be closed
to a trading basis, although it was called un
settled at the close. Copper was 5s lower at
London, with spot closing at i£67 13s 9d and
futurvs nt £68 l?s 6d. In the local market
there was practically no trading. Prices, how
ever, are nominally unchanged at 17c for
lake and 16%c for electrolytic and casting.
Lead Is unchanged here at 4%c, while at
London there is a gain of Is 3d, closing at £12
2s 6d. SpeltPr remained quiet at the former
range of $"! 90if?3 95. . At London there was a
decline of 5s to £16 10s. Iron was quiet. Tho
English markets were quiet with Glasgow
closing at 54s and Mlddlesboro at 44s lOd.
1 Ix)cal prices were quoted as follows: Pi<
iron warrants. $3 nOifilO; Southern foundry, $13
(f|15 50: No. 2 Northern foundry. $14@14 50; No.
1 Southern foundry, $14 "5@15 25; No. 1 Southern
soft. $14 73@15 25.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 24.— Cotton opened weak
and down 408 points under a small stampede
to'sell but cotton purchased from 20 to 30 points
higher, closing, easier with - prices net un
changed to 8 nblnts lower.
Chicago Livestock.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO. .Tuly .24.— CATTLE— Receipts. 34.
000, the largest In the history of the yards.
Including S0O Texan?. Slow and.l5<fr40c lower.
Good to prime steers, $5 23(^5 95; poor to me
dium, $1<J?5 23: stockers and feeders. $2 40(34:
rows' and heifers. $2 40(ffi "5; canners, II 50©
2 25; built, $2 25® 4 40: calves, $3 73© 6; Texns
steers. *3<?H L0. ' „-«,«'.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. So.OCO; to-mnrrow.
2S.0C0: left over. 4000. Opened . 8@10c lower,
closed firm. Mixed and butchers, J5 ««6 10;
Kcort to choice heavy. $3 90@6 20: rough heavy.
$:i 6;©5 S3; light. »3 3o®5 SO; bulk of sales, $3 SO
fti 6. • • - : . »
SHEEP— Receipts, lo.f.00. ' Steady. Good to
choice wethers. $3 S0®4 25; fair to choice mixed,
J3 3SCJ3 SO; "Western sheep. $3 30@4; ¦ yearling*,
*4»f4 SO: native Umbs.j$se5 35; Western lamM,
S4 40®5 SO. ' .
ST. JOSEPH, July 24.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1300. Market 5©10c lower. Natives.. $3 73©
fi 80: cows and heifers. $lft4 70: bulls and stags.
S2JI-4 73; ttock»rs-and feeders, ?2ff4 10; -,veala,
"HOGS-Rccelpts; 14,780. Market 5c lower.
Light and light mixed, $3 55(0^ 8<%; medium
and heavy. $3 7066 05: pigs. $3@4 o0.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1330. Steady, 10c lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 21.— Clearings, $321,
878; balances, $76,620.
Northern Wheat, Market.
OREGOX.
PORTLAND, July 24.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
BZUffcGc. - ¦ - ____¦
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. July 24.— Clearings,. $162,706; bal
ances,' $19,0$9. . : ¦
Forcign Markets.
LONDON, July 24.— Consols, 92%; silver, 27d;
French rentes, 101f 67%c;: cargoes on passage,
rather easier: ; cargoes No.' 1 standard Califor
nia. 29s 3d;, cargoes Walla Walla, Kb 8d; Eng
lish-country markets, firm. ¦
LIVERPOOL, July 24.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California. 6s@6s %d; French coun-
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening . .' 5 S% 5 9%
Closing • „ 5 9% ,5 11
"Wheat— July. Sept.-l>ec,
Opening.. 22 10 22 SO
Closing ...; i. 22 20 23 00
Flour— • •
Opening 27 00 28 65
Closing 27 90 29 00 ..
Foreign Futures.
500.CC0 Shares sold
CLOSING BONDS,
3.000 Sugar .... 142%
H°0 Tennessee Coal & Iron ...'.....".' 60%
1.000 Union Bag, & Paper Co 14%
'^™Z Unlon & Paper Co prefd.. 70%
2.000 United States Leather.- 12%
a.OOO United States Leather prefd 77%
United States Rubber 18%
¦¦•¦•'. United States Rubber prefd 59%
63.300 United States Steel ,.... 40%
12.100 United States Steelprefd 88%
3.000 We.stern Union 91%
U S ref 2i,reg 107% N Y.Cent lsts. 109%
U S ref 2s coup.. .107% N J Cent gen 5s. ..130
L. S 3s reg lOSU N Pacific 3s 72%
U S 2* coup.. ......109 N Pacific 43 103%
L S new 4s reg.... 137 N Y C & S L 4S..107U
U S new 43 coup. .138 N & W con 4s!.. ..102
U S old 4s retf 113 Or Nav lsts.' 107V4
U S bid 4s ¦coup... 113 Or Nav 4s 102%
U S 5s reg 107% Or Short Line 6s.. .127%
U S 6s coup.; 109 Or S Line con CS..116V4
Dist of Col 3.65s.. .124 Reading Gen 4s 95%
Atchison gen 4s.. ..102% R G W lsts..> 100%
Atchlson adi 4s...: 95 S L &-I M con 5s..llo%
Canada So 2ds 109% S L & S F Ken 6s. 132
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7 St Paul cons 173
Ches & Ohio 6s.... 119% S P C & P lsts.... 120
C & NW con 7s....l37V4 S P C & P 6s...... 117
C & NWSFdeb os.122% So Pacific 4s 91»i
Chgo Terminal 4s.. S3 So Railway 5s 116
Colo Southern 4s... 8S% Stand R & T 6s... 60
D & n G 4s 102 Tex & Pac lsts 118%
Erie General 4s.... 85% Tex & Puc 2ds 99
F W & D C lsts.. 104 Union Pacific 4s...lO3»i
Gen Electric us 200 Wabash lsts 117%
Iowa Central lsts.115% Wabash 2ds- 112
L & N Un! 4s ion«i West Shore 4s.. ....112
M K & T 2ds S3 Wis Cent lsts 87%
M-K & T 4s 97% Va Centuries 94
MIXING STOCKS.
Adams 22iLittle Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario 9 75
Breece ; 1 85 Ophlr 60
Brunswick Con 13 Phuenlx 10
Comstock Tunnel... 6% Potosi 05
Con Cal & Va 1 s»u Savage 03
Dead wood Terra.... 55 ! Sierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver 1 40!smaIl Hopes ....... 50
Iron Silver 55;Standard ....3 00
Leadville Con Ool
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .Union Land.. 3
Call loans i 4@4%!West End 93
Time loans 4(§4>ijWestinghouse El... 66 !
Stocks — I Bonds —
A T & S F 70%'N K Gas&Coke 5s. 55
A T & S F prefd.. 93% I Mining Shares-
American Sugar.. ..142% 'Adventure 25*2
Am Telephone 160 IBingham Min Co.. 21
Boston * Albany. .2.'6 lAmalg Copper 111%
Boston Elevated.. ..1R5 Atlantic "36
Boston & Maine.. .192 Calumet Cz, Hecla.770
Dominion Coal 37% 27
Dom Coal rirefd....H4»i!Frankltn 17
U S Steel 40»i;Humboldt 23
U S Steel prefd.... K9 Osceola S2%
FitchburR 143 Parrot 6154
Gen Electric ...::. .2m -Juincy 171
Mexican Central... 23U Santa Fe Copper... 6%
X E Gas & Coke.. 6 Tamarack 43
Old Colon:- 208 Utah Mining 29
Old Dominion 2S% Winona 2%
Union Pacific 97^- Wolverines 59%
London Market.
CLOSING.
XEW YORK. July 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: .
The markets here are drifting aimlessly, so
idle that dealers fill tho time by circulating
vague and absurd rumors about a peace treaty
being signed in South Africa this afternoon,
arising apparently from Lord, Milner's speech
yesterday. Americans opened unenthuslastic
and dropped sharply In the absence of business.
They fluctuated erratically, closing midway be
tween the best and the worst, but neglected. ;
LONDON. July 24. — Anaconda, 8T«: Atchlson,
73: Atchlson preferred. 97U : Canadian Pacific.
105; Denver and Rio Grande, 42; Denver and
Rio Grande preferred, 95U: Northern Pacific
pifferrod, 99; Southern Pacific, 57%: Union Pa
cific, 102; Union Pacific preferred. 90. Bar sil
ver, 27d per ounce. Money, 1%@1%.
New York Money Market]
NEW YORK. July 24.— CLOSE— Money on call
Is steady. 2®3 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%(§5 per cent. Ster T
ling exchange is easy, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 S7%<S4 87V4 for demand and
$1 S3 for sixty days. Posted rates. $t 86 and
$J 88%. Commercial bills, $4 S4!f24 84%. Bar
silver, 5S%c. Mexican dollars. 46>4c Govern
ment bonds, easy; State bonds. Inactive; rail
road bonds, heavy.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 24.—To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $130,000,000 gold reserve in tho
division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance. $160,935,720; gold, $9S,
142,771. .
. - - -V
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
it. : *
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures advanced again. Barley futures firmer.
Another advance in Corn. Oats and Rye unchanged.
Pink Beans continue very firm. .
Hay business checked by the strike. Corn products higher.
Potatoes quieter. Onions steady. Vegetables weak and plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Poultry market still dull and weak.
Fruit situation clearing somewhat.
Provisions firm, but dull.
Xo further change in Meats.'
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89^
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — • 10
Silver, per ounce ' — 5S%
Mexical Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets continued very
firm, with a further advance, in futures at
Paris and Liverpool. Broomhall cabled Liver
pool very ftrm on bad Russian advices and rain
In France.'
Chicago was very unsettled, rising from 7096c
to 73c, declining to 71V&C, recovering to 72%c and
falling back to 72%c. There was no rain of any
consequence anywhere, which caused renewed
excitement in all markets. Predictions of pos
sible showers and cooler weather in the North
west gave the market an easier feeling toward
the close, and 'the feeling was -that with more
favorable weather the current advance has
been sufficient.
The damage in the Northwest, however, Is
reported serious.. The crop there is estimated
at 200,000.000, bushels. The Northwest and
Southwest are both buying. France bought
liberally in New York and at St. Louis.
The San Francisco market was stiff, and fu
tures recovered the ground lost on the preced
ing day. Spot prices stood the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 98ftc@$l; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
6000 ctls, $103%; 2000, $103%; 12,000, $103%. May
—4000, $107%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 04% ;
36,000, |104.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$104t»; 2000, $104%. •
Afternoon Session — December— 2000 ctls, $104%;
8000, $104%; 32,000, $104»^; 4000, $104%.
BARLEY— Futures are firmer, but spot prices
remain the same, with a quiet market.
Feed, 73?ic for choice bright, 71%@72%c for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 75@S2%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o' clock— December— 2000
ctls, 71%c. - . ¦_ , .
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, 72c; 2000,
72%C ¦¦ . " ..•.,-¦-.;¦.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, 72%c.
OATS— Chicago continued unsettled, rising
from 35%c to 37*4*. declining to 35%c and re
covering to 36'ic The harvest is now so far
advanced that operators think that from now
on the dry weather will produce only a sym
pathetic effect on this cereal, and the disposi
tion is to take profits on all bulges.
The local market remains firm at 97%c@$l 1714
for red, no other kinds being seen.
• CORN— Hot and dry weather is still reported
all over the belt, though there were light show
ers in all the Corn States except Iowa and Mis
souri. The damage already done is said to be
irreparable. Snow; the crop statistician, has re
ceived about one-third of his July report,
which, compared with the June report, shows
the following reductions in the yield: Texas,
29 points; Tennessee, 15;' Kentucky, 19; Ohio, 1;
Indiana, 5; Iowa, 21; Missouri, 40; Kansas, 50;
Nebraska, 37; Illinois, 18— these indicating a
general decrease of 20 points. street was
a heavy buyer, and Kansas,^- a great
State, bought in Chicago on a basts of 66c. The
Chicago market advanced from 55Vic to 57%c,
declined to 55Ttc and recovered ¦ to 56%c. ¦
Prices in this market were still further ad
vanced, though there was nothing doing.
Small round . Yellow. $175: Eastern Yellow,
$160<ai62%; White, ?1 70@l 73 per ctl; Mixed,
nominal. ' •
ltYE— 72%@77',Jc per ctl.
.BUCKWHEAT— Xone in first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR-California Family extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $3 13@3 23;
Oregon. $2 30®2 73 per barrel for family and
?2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers", $2 75
@3. /
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are /as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, n per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do. $1 75; Oat Groats. $4 73; Hominy.
*3 7S@4; Buckwneal Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $t 50; Whole Wheat
Flour.' $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $ "^7 S3;
in sacks. $6#7 50: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$3; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
The Hay market was somewhat nominal, as
the Southern Pacific Railroad, owing to the
strike, held most of the receipts at Oakland,
in order not to overcrowd the San Franci&co
yards, only four cars being received in this
city. The feeling continued weak, though
prices showed no change.
Cracked Corn and Corn Meal have again ad
vanced In sympathy with the raw product."
Other Feedstuffs remain unchanged.
BRAN— llSftlS 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-J19 50fi21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16-517 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23©26: Jobbinp.
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake. JI'O'IS: Corn Meal,
J30;c®3150; Cracked Corn, $31(332; Mixed Feed,
*17®18. . . /
Beans and Seeds.
HAYi— Xew Is quotable as follows: Wheat,
$7Q9 f.0; choice $10: Wheat and Oat. $6 50<a)9:
Oat. $G(3S 50: Barley and Oat. $6@8: Alfalfa,
»7«i!>: Clover. »3 B0®7: Volunteer, $i 50@5 50.
STRAW— 23<g42Vic per bale.
The tendency In Pink Beans continues up
ward, as the shipping demand continues, the
shipments being made from interior. point3,
owing to tho strike in this city. Llmas are
scarce and llrm.
BKANS— Kayos, $2 25@2 50: Small Wh!t*».
$4 75@4 90: Large White. $3 50(33 85: Pink, *1 60
(ill 75: Red, $363 25: Blackeye, ?3; Limas, $6 30@
6 40; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 75©3: Canary, 3H@
3Vic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; RapeJ 1%©
2V4c; Hemp, Z\~q. per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. Jl 65 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables'.
Prices for Potatoes and Onions continue
about the same, though the strike Is rendering
the market very quiet.
Vegetables, especially Tomatoes, are very
weak and in large supply,' the exceptions being
gre»n Peppers.. Egg Plant and Lima Beans,
tho latter being scarce and firm.
Cucumbers and Tomatoes frcm Vacaviile and
Winters .".r> about done.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 75^*1 15 In sacks
and Jl!§'l 35 in boxes for Burbanks, Jl@l 10 for
Garnet Chiles and SOeffrSl 10 for Early Rosa;
Salinas Burbanks. $1 30iffl 50.
ONIONS— Yellow. $l(gi 10 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. <1 7502 25 for
large. $1 25(31 50 per box for No. 1 and 50c@$l
for No. 2; Green Pens. I%<t?2%c: String Beans.
lVs<S3c: Llmas, C^c: Cabbage. 35'8>4nc per ctl;
Tomatoes, from Winters, are about done; Kiv
ers. In large boxes, 20®50c ;. Dried Peppers, 12®
ISc; Green Okra, S?7 10c; Carrots. 25iy".c ¦ per
sack: Cucumbers. ; Bay, S5@30c: Pickles,
IVic per lh for small and lc for large; GatHc.
2(g3c; Green Peppers. SOcgJl per box for Chi'.e
and $1 SOifj 1 75 for Bell; Egg Plant, 75CSS1 23
per box; Green Corn, oOcfg^l per sack; Alameda,
Sl(p>l25 pep crate; Berkeley, S5c<p'$l: Summer
Squash, larcej boxes. 20<§25e; New Marrowfat
Squash, l!4@2c.per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The market continues In poor shape for sell
ers., supplies being too large for the demand.
Three cars Eastern came in, making 7 for
the week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, f®9c for Gobblers
and J(i8c for Hens; Geeese. per pair. $1®1 25:
Goslings. %W\ 25: Ducks. $2 50®3 for old and
tSQA for young; Hens $3 3O®5; young Roosters.
$5«S6: old Roosters, ?3 50(?f4; Fryers. $4©4 50-
Broilers. $2 50@3 50 for large and $1 50©2 25 for
small: Pigeons, $1 S0@l 73 per dozen for old and
$1 uiVii 2 fur Squabs.
GAME— Hare. Sltfl CO; Rabbits, $lgl 50 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush. '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter, and 'Egg commission men report
more teams In operation and less difficulty in
moving goods, though there 'Is still .more or
less hindrance. All markets under this head
remain about the snmc, Butter belnjr steady
Cheese llrm with light stocks and Eggs in fair
supply and easy. . ,
Receipts were C2.SC0 rxwnda and 18 tubs of
Butter, 703 cases of Eggs. 3S3 cases . Eastern
Eggs. 33,750 pounds of California Cheese.
pounds Oregon v - Cheese and < pounds East
ern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 21(f?21%c per lb for
fancy and 19@20c for seconds; dairy, 14319c
per-lb.
CHEESE— New, 0@10c: old, nominal; Younx
Americas. lOffillc per In.
EGGS— Ranch, 17ffll9c- for good to fancy
store, 13yi5c per dozen. " "
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The situation was rather clearer yesterday.
Owing to, the notices sent out to 'the growers
by the commission men receipts fell off sharp
ly, and as most of the merchants preferred to
drive a truck themselves than to allow even
a load of fruit to go to waste the goods that
came in were got off the wharves as a rule
The canners also succeeded in getting some
supplies. To-day, it is expected that no fruit
of any consequence will bo received, as tho
shipping trade will be worked from interior
points as far as possible. Most of the fruit
still left on tho wharves comes under the head
of swill, ' having been there for several days '•
Under the current conditions quotations are
largely nominal. Peaches are the chief suffer
ers from the strike and are especially weak.
Plums . and Prunes hold un remarkably well
and Bartlett -Pears- show no decline.' Prices for
LOCAL MARKETS.
MISCELLAXEOUS BOXDa
Bay Co P C 5a.lO8 — ' Oceanic SS 5s.lC3 102H
Cal-st Ss 118 — Omnibus C (S..123 — J
C C Water 5S..107H — ' Pac O Imp 4». — 100
Ed X, & P 63... 128^133% Pk & C H 6s... 10* — .
Fer & Cl R 6s.U7% - Pit & O R 6s.. 117 —
3eary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 69. .120 . —
H C & S 5%s.. 106ii — 5ac E G R 5s.. — —
Db to...:!!?:. - 102% S F & SJV Ss.120% -
Los Ang R- 5s. 115% — Sierra Cal fa.. — —
L A Light 6s.. — 102* S P of C «s
Do gntd 63...10O - (1909) 111H -
Do gntd 5S..103 — (1910) UM4 —
L A & Pac 5s.. 100**102% S P of C Ss
Do 1 c m 53..102»i — 0905). Ser A. — 10DV*
Mkt-st Cab 58.123% — O90S>. S«r B.U« —
Dole m5s.. 124 — (1906) ...... .ilUUlM
Xev C X G 7S.105 111 (1912) 120% —
Xor R Cal 6s. .112 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119 — cp gntd-5s....M7 —
Nor Pac C 6s.. 100% — . 3 P Br Cal Ss.l3« —
Do 5s — — 3 V Water «a..ll3Ta —
Xor R Cal 5s. .110 113 Do 4s — 103%
Oak Gas 5s. ...112% — Do 4a 3d mtjj.101 102
Do Trans 6s.H7% — Stktn Gas «s.. — —
Do Water 5s. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 — [Sprins Valley. 5* 88%
Marln County. 50 — I
GAS AXD ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 — lPac Heht ...'. 43 47%
Equitable 4%. 5%i Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% — |S F « & E -M'i 45
Oakland 50»i 51 San Francisco. 4U 4V a
Pac Gas Imp. 43%— (Stktn G 4 E.. S —
1XSURAXCE.
Firem's Fund.235 24" I
- BANKS.
Anqrlo-Cal 77%— L P * A 150 —
California ....404 — Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..3O5 — S F Xatlonal.127% —
First Xatl S F.305 —
SAVINGS BANX3.
German — 19X0 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav... 50 — Union Trust..l600 —
San Francisco. 520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 13* |O S L * H 40 —
Geary ..., — 40 Presidio 35 —
Market 74% 74%!
POWDER.
Giant 76% 77 IVlgorlt » tM
SUGAR.
Hana 8% 7 Kllauca 16% l«>i
Hawaiian SO — . Makawell SO 31
Honokaa 16^4— Onomea 21 —
Hutchinson ... 16% 17% Paauhau ...... 22 22Y 3
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l30%131% Oceanic S Co.. — 5OM
Cal Fruit Can. 96 9S% Pac Aux P 1 A. 2 —
Cal Wlno Asn. 99% — pac C Borax. .165 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint .... If —
Morning Session. | :
Board—
5 Alaska. Packers' AssocUtlon 131 oO
10 California Wine AssocUtlon 100 00
25 Giant Powder Con : 76 50
50 Hawaiian Coml &, Sugar 50 00
25 Honokaa S Co .: • If ••»
25 Honokaa S Co ..• ....— 16 50
140 Pacific Gas Imp 43 .a
20 S F Gas & Electric Co »• ** s-%
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00 /
laSprlnff Valley Water 86 2o
Street— .
45 Hutchinson S P Co s *• »
Afternoon Session.
Board —
19 Alaska Packers* Association 131 00
10 California Fruit Canners 97 30
5 Giant Powder Con •< W
10O Honokaa S Co 16 00
50 Honokaa S Co -¦ J» 2-»
100 Makawell S Co 30 50
TSMakawell S Co 30 00
J1000 Market-Kt R R con Bs... 121 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 22 50
$10 0«0 S PclCd (1905). series B) .110 00
5 Spring Valley Water $.« 23
Street—
1M Hutchinson S P Co .....1725
PRODUCERS* Oil* EXCHAXGE.
Morning Session. '" ,\
Board —
200 Lion Oil Co W
2000 Petroleum Center 03
50 San Joaquln OH & Der 7 50
Street— >
400 Junction 10
MIXIXG STOCKS.
j Following were tho sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Chollar 09, . -.00 Justice 0»
1C0 Confidence 135 100 Mexican 11
300 Crown Point... 11 800 Yellow Jacket.. 27
400 Hale & Norcrs. 211
Afternoon Session.
ICO- Best & Bel-cher 2011000 Justice ff»
350 Challenge 40 30O Mexican 15
SOOChollar 10 1C0 Ophlr 71
200 Con Cal & Va..2 10 50 Ophlr
ino Confidence 140 BOO Overman 1*
SCO Crown Point... 12 400 Pctosl 09
10O Crown Point... 11 100 Union Con r 11
500 Gould & Curry. 15 4C0 Yellow Jacket.. 2S
100 Hale & Xorcrs. 20 6C0 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
¦ - Morning Session.
¦ 2C0 Belcher 11 2000 Jqjtiee fS
200 Befcher 12 100 Occidental 04
200 Caledonia ...... 40 200 Ophlr ....... 69
300 Challenge Con.. 37 100 Overman. 18
* 20O Challenge Con... 3? 1200 Savage <T»
200 Chollar 08 1CO0 Savage 10
200 Con Cal & V.2 02% 1M>0 Savage 11
10O Confidence .....145 200 Yellow Jacket.. 25
ICO Confidence 150 500 Yellow Jacket.. 27
200 Crown Point... 11
Afternoon Session.
3C0 Best & Belcher 20 200 Kentuck 03
500 Challenge Con.. 37 2C0 Mexican IS
200 Challenge Con.. 38 300 Mexican 17
200 Challenge Con.. 33 200 Occidental 04
6C0 Challenge Con.. 35 20O Ophir 7»
600 Challenge Con,. 36 300 Ophlr 71
4C0 Chollar 10 300 Ophlr 72
300 Con Cal & V...2 05 1300 Ophlr 7.1
2C0 Con Cal & V.2 07% 300 Ophir 75
160O Con Cal & V...2 10 400 Overman 1*
30O Con Cal & V.2 12% 1500 Savage 11
200 Confidence 1 35 IS00 Savage 10
150 Conndence 140 200 Utah 03
50 Confidence ...1 37% 700 Yellow Jacket.. 27
3C0 Gould & Curry. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDXESDAY. July 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 09 1»
Alta 04 C6 Kentuck ....... 01 02
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 11 12|Mexican II ID
Pest & Belcher 13 20, Occidental 03 —
Bullion — 02 Ophir ........... 74 75
Caledonia S9 42 Overman -it 17
Challenge Con.. 35. 37 Potost'. ......... 0> 19
Chollar 10 H Savage , 09 10
Confidence .... .1 30 1 40 Scorpion ....:...'— 04
Con Cal & Va..2 10 2 15 Seg Belcher OS 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. IS. 19
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill Si» 32
Crown Point... 11 12|St Louts 0« —
Eureka Con.... 06 — IStandard S 33 3 63
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate .. 05 07
Gould & Curry. 15 17 Union Con 14 15
Hale & Norcr3. 20 21 Utah 02 03
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 13 23
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
Apricots have been weakened by the itrlke.
though even they are recovering. Melons' are
steady,, receipts being light, i
I Muscat Grapes have appeared from Winters.
APPLES— S5c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@75c for ordinary.
APRICOTS— 13<$30c per box. 23@40c per crate
in bulk. $10@12 50 per ton for small and $15©
20 for large.
CRABAPPLES— 35@75c per box according to
package.
PLUMS— 25©60c per box and 13©35c per bas
ket; Prunes, 40@75c per crate and 30@50c per
basket; Green Gages, $10@15 per ton.
PEACHES — 15@40c per box and 15@30c per
basket for common and 25@40c per box and 15
@30c per basket for Crawfords and $2C@22 50 per
ton for Frees and $23@35 for Clings in the
country.
NECTARINES— "White, 25@30c per box; Red.
40@60c.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1@1 25 per box for Xo. 1,
40@73c for No. 2 and $30040 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES-$3@5 per chest for Long
worths and • $2 50@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3«5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $o@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— H@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8@10c per lb.
FIGS— Black. 50c@$l 25 • per box for single
and for double layers: White, nominal.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 73c@$l 50 per box: Can
taloupes $1 23 per half-crate and $1 73@3 per
large crate; Watermelons, from Fresno, $1 5C@
3 50 per dozen.
GRAPES-Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
50c@$l 50 per crate; Fontalnebleau and Black,
from Vacavllle. 75c@tt.25 per box: Tokay, $1 2»
per crate: Muscats, from Winters. $1 !».
CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets,
Valencias and St. Michaels. $1@3 25; Lemons,
50c@$l 50 for common and $2@3 23 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c®$l 50: Mexican Limes,
$5@6: Bananas. $1®2 per bunch; Plueapples,
$1 50@2 50 per dozen/
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@10c for new Royals and
7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moorparka;
Evaporated Apples, 4S6c; sun-dried, 1%®2%c;
new Evaporated Apples, 5@7c; I'eaches, 3^4®<c
for standard, 4%@5%c for choice and 6@6%c for
fancy; new Peaches. 6c for July and 5V4c for
August • delivery; Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted,
3@4c; unpltted, %@V/*c; Nectarines, 4@J^c for
red and 4®5c for white.
PRUXES-4 sizes: 40-503, 6Uc: B0-60s. 4&c:
60-706, 3%c; 70-80s, 3Uc; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-ldOs, 2!4c;
100-120S. lHc
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers" Association
has established the following prices- Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOVic per lb;
choice, 9%c: standard. 8%c; prime, 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; ' Seedless. 50-lb boxes,
6V4c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c:
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 6%c, and
4-crown, 5^c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5Uc; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Impe
rials, $3. All prices t. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California. >
NUTS— Walnuts. .No. 1 Eoftshell, 12@12ttc; Xo.
2. S@3Vic; Xo. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c: Xo. 2, «V4@
"V4c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell, 10@llc for
softshell and 5@Cc for hardshell: Peanuts. 5@
7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c: Filberts,
12®'l2',ic: Pecans, Il@l3c; Cocoanuts, $3 50fI5.
HONEY— Comb. 10«llc for bright and 9<G9^c
for light amber; water white' extracted. ogottc;
light amber extracted, 4@4^c: dark, 3%c.
BEESWAX— 25©2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
The market shows no change, nor Is any ex
pected «until the strike is settled. The feeling
is firm, but the movement of goods Is of course
hindered under the circumstances.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12Hc for light medium. 13ftc for light. 14^c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13'.iW14c; California Hams.
13c: Mess BeeY. J12 per bbl: extra Mess. $12 50;
Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $15: extra
clear. $13; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13H@14c
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7Hc: per lb for
compound and 10V4c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10»ic: 10-lb tins. l'lUc; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. ?%c; three
hair-barrels, 9Vic; one tierce, 9Hc; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, STic per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l»£c 'under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. lOVslgllc: medium, 9©10c; light, 814S9C;
Cow Hides. 8V.<?i9Vic for heavy and 8%@9c for
light: Stags. 6»4c; Salted Kip. 9«^c; Salted Veal,
9H<510c: Salted Calf, -10c; Dry Hides, 16®16>ic;
Culls. 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 17@17 1 ,4c;
Culls and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 15<g30c each: short Wool. 30<aj0c each: me
dium, 50@75c: long Wool, 75c#$l each: Horse
Hides, salt, ?2 50W2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for
medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and J.Oc for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 73 for large. $1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 33c; fall or medium
skins,. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins
— Prime Aneoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 25c.
TALLOW— Xo. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice,
5c: No. 2, 3!4@4c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1301— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c: do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free, 12@13c; defective, 9$3Uc; Middle
County, free, 10@llc; do. defective, gf 10c:
Southern, 12 months. S(g9c; Southern, free, 7
months. 7@10c; do. defective,. 7 months. 7@Sc:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14W15c; do. medium and
coarse, ll®13c; Oregon, Easterns-choice, lift 13c:
do. fair to good, 9ffjllc: Nevada, 10@U»ic. Fail-
San Joaquln Lambs' -. 7 1 / ~@9c.
HOPS— 13@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain as before Quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6@6?4c for Steers and 5@6c per 1b for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. S@9c per lb-
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes. 7®7%c per
pound.
LAMB — Spring. S!i@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and tin.der. 6?4t?
6\ic; over "CO lbs. 6c; feeders, : sows, 20 per
cent off. boar3 50 per cent oft and stags 40 per
cent oft from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7*i@9Vic.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 8<gS%c:
local make. Me less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@:?c; Fruit
Bags. 5%@Sc for cotton and 8^i?i:S%c for jute.
l COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfield Wel
lington. $9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos Bay.
$5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend. $3;
Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 73 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannel. $10
per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $1T in
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
2C00 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
75c; pure. 51 30: Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
94c; raw, 92c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc; cases, S5c: China
Nut, 53©63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels. 65c: cases. 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white. 37',iSj42iic per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels. 35c: cases. 4Cc. '
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c: Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 2lc;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases. 21c; Benzine. In bulk, 14c; In cases. 20c-
S6-degree G^ollne. In bulk. 20c; In ca3es. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 3Sc per gallon in oases and
52c In drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7H@Sc
per lb; White Lead, 7UU 8c., according to quan
tity. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, Iji 100-lb bars:
Cubes, crushed and fine crushed, 5.75c; Pow
dered, 5.35c; Candy Granulated. 5.35c: Dry
Granulated. 5.25c; Confectioners' A. 5.2ic; Fruit
Granulated. 5.25c; Beet Granulated. 5.15c; Mag
nolia. 4.S5e; Extra C 4.73c; Goldsn C. 4.65c; bar
rels. 10c more;. half-barrels. 23c more; boxes.
6Cc more: 50- 1b bags. 10c more. No order3 taken
foe less than' 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domi
nos, half-barrels. 6c; boxes. 6.23c per 1b.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY 2t\
Flour, qr sks 10.03">i Hides. Xo 2?
Wheat, ctls 4,ll.VBran. sks i,9<!j
Farley, ctls 1S.913 Middlings, ska.... 330
Oats, ctls 3,5fiu Hay. tons......... is»
Tallow, ctls 43 Straw, tons 2.*.
Sugar, ctls 6TO.Wool, bales jv,
Beans, sks 10S|Shorts. ska 100
Corn, ctls 230 (Chicory, bbls 45
Potatoes, sks 4,273; Lime, bbls........ 91
Onions, sks 964 Wine, gals 1S.300
Pelts, bdls MS'
OREGOX.
Flour, qr sks 6,1121
HAWAII.
sks S3| •:,•»••
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY.. JULY v 25. 1901,
feed,: $5 25; mess pork, p.er barrel, W4O014 45;
lard, per 100 pounds, *8 62V40S 65; short ribs
sides (loose). $7 65@8 05; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 7«@7%c; ¦ short clear sides (boxed).
*8 35@8 45; whisky, basis of high wines, .SI 29.
clover, contract grade, $10. '¦¦''¦" '
Articles— - :. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels l . 36.000 27.000
Wheat, bushels ..655.000 '
Corn, bushels . 808.000 oJ.OOO
Oats, bushels ....: .......205.000 ! 186,oOO
Rye. bushels 10,000 ir Vhx
Barley, bushels S.000 3.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams.. 14i£@20c; dairies, 13
@17c. Cheese, steady, 9tf@10ttc Eggs, 10®
12Uc. ¦. . • •
PARIS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
I Second Feet.
DATE. N I [ — — .
I 1900. 1301.
: i \
July 14 1310 ) 5714
July 15 1240 * 5332
July\16 1170 4S7O
July 17 1038 5322
July IS... 972 5322
July 19 "972 437tt
July 20 972 46SO .
Second Feet.
DATE.
:
1900. I 1901.
July 14....
July 15 .»..-..
July 18 .....
July 17
July 1«
July 19
July SO
::l
1710
1590
1S9©
1470 |
1330
"1330 |
KCff
fiCSO
»CSO.
54T5
SS23
l_
Second Feet
!
DATE.
r
15C0. 1301
July 14 j
July 13
July 18
July 17 1
July.lS |
July 19
July 20.... I
4170
41T0 .
4170 I
4170
4170
4170 I
4170 1
I 436A
43«O
I 4380
| 43*0
! 4360
{ 4.-IO
I .4170
i Second Feet. I
1300. I 1901. I Canal. 1301.
July 14 422 4073 .7 I 4082
July 13 9«2 5590 7 f 3597
July IS 762 K30 • 7 3337'
July 17 762 3343 ' 7 -3332
July IS 8«2 2300 7 2307
July 19 5S2 2893 7 2702
July 20 5S2 2283 7 2232
July. 1901. . ' -.
S.IM.IT.I W.
T. I F. t S. ! Moon's Phases.
l_> i ! Fell Moon.
7 _i!_LlJi|Ji JLlJL iff July 8-
II 13 f It 1 K f IS 19 20 *«* Quarter..
i — * — • a • Ju 'y 1S -
n 23 I 23 I 24 1 25 28 77 mP Xtw Moon.
_! I •, | f__ -^ First Quarter.
-.|_I_1_!_UUI^
. July XL :
.irwlLMooa.
July. 1901. . ' -.
S.IM.IT.I W.
T. I F. t S. ! Moon's Phases.
l_> i ! Fell Moon.
7 _i!_LlJi|Ji JLlJL iff July 8-
II 13 f It 1 K f IS 19 20 *«* Quarter..
i — * — • a • Ju 'y 1S -
n 23 I 23 I 24 1 25 28 77 mP Xtw Moon.
_! I •, | f__ -^ First Quarter.
-.|_I_1_!_UUI^
. July XL :
.irwlLMooa.CLEVER YOUNG PEOPLE WHO ARE TO APPEAR AT THE CHUTES AND
MONSIEUR FERIARI. A WELL-KNOWN BARYTONE SINGER, WHO
WILL APPEAR IN GRAND OPERA AT THE TIVOLI.
In the name role, has added to her laurels
as a finished and accomplished actress.
The rest of the large cast is well taken
care of by the Central Company. "The
Ensign" follows for next week. It Is to
be elaborately produced by an exception
ally noteworthy cast.
Blanche Nlcholls and Will H.. Murphy,
In their riotously funny skit "The Bifur
cated Girl," are the bright and particular
stars of the Orpheum this week. Hugh
Stanton and Florence Modena are other
shining lights, Ed F. Reynard, ventrilo
quist, and Ameta, in a delightful spectac
ular dance, and the three Brooklyna,
"musical drolls," from London, have all
unique acts. Chevalier Scognamlllo, the
great cellist; Charles Leonard Fletcher,
monologist; the Damm brothers, Euro
pean acrobats, and the blograph complete
CAPABLE RAILROAD MAN WHOSE ABILITY AND APPLICATION TO
BUSINESS HAVE WON HIM THE POSITION OF SUPERINTENDENT
OF THE TUCSON DIVISION OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Over 8000 miles of new steam railway
will be constructed In the United States
this year. Oklahoma and Indian Territory
are in the list for 612 miles.
Brilliant Spectacle by
Grand Lodge in
Milwaukee.
MILWAUKEE, July 24.— Salt Lake City
was honored by being selected as the next
meeting place of the Grand Lodge of the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks.
and Grand Rapids, Mich., captured the
first prize in the big Elks parade this af
ternoon. The Toledo "Cherry: Pickers"
were awarded second and the Chicago
contingent third money. The Greenville.
Miss., lodge was given first prize for the
most' unique display in. the pageant.
The parade waa by all odds the most
beautiful and successful of its kind ever
seen in Milwaukee. Fully. 5000 Elks took
part. It was made up of seven different
divisions. About fifty lodges from all
parts of the country took part. Half of
those brought bands of music, which pre
ceded the marchers.
The Grand Rapids Elks were attired in
new white and navy blue sailor suits and
large black neckties and wore white caps
which bore the name of their city on the
hatband. They also wore white shoes.
This delegation numbered 218 men.
The "Cotton Pickers" from Greenville,
Miss., thirty-five strong, made up as
darkles, were a feature In their unique
outfit. They had a wagon, on which were
several bales of cotton fresh from the
fields. A fire run and contests were the
features to-night and were followed at
midnight by a "ghost parade," in which
many took part. The costumes were of a
grewsome order, the skull and crossbones
playing a prominent part In their make
up.
weeks past, and Sunday he was taken
more seriously 111 with acute Intestinal
obstruction. He was at the time wltb
friends at "The Hutch," In Sausallto. He
was brought over to San Franclsco> Mon
day and taken to the hospital. It was
found that an operation alone could save
his life. Dr. Emmett Rlxford and Dr.
R. Lorinl performed it successfully Tues
¦ day and relieved his suffering 1 .
: Mr. Sheldon is secretary of the Oceanic
Steamship Company and of four Ha
waiian sugar companies, in which -the
Spreckels Interests have holdings. He has
been connected with the Spreckels Inter
ests for more than fifteen years. He Is a
well-known member of the Bohemian
Club, and both In business and social life
he has a host of friends, who will await
anxiously the outcome of his Illness.
NETV YORK. July 24.— Late this after
noon It was discovered that several of
the suspension rods of the north cable o?
the Brooklyn bridge were broken. The
damage was small, but it caused a fu
ror for a time.
Some excited person circulated a report
that the bridge waa In a dangerous state
and an order to suspend traffic ..wn the
structure waa issued through the office of
the Commissioner of Bridges, police re
serves were called out and presently tho
crowd of Brooklynltea and other resi
dents of Long Island which daily
throngs the Manhattan end of tho bridge
at 6 o'clock were thrown into much ex
citement.
Tho car service was stopped altogether,
aa was the driving of all vehicles. Pedes
trians were, however, allowed to walk to
the Brooklyn side along the promenade.
Tho congestion on the Manhattan side
was relieved by this permission, but the
Brooklyn ferries carried thousands more
than they usually do.
When tho brldgo and Brooklyn Rapid
Transit Company authorities found how
greatly the damage had boen. exaggerated
the traffic waa partly resumed. By 0
o'clock the bridge cars wero running once
more.
Chief Engineer Probasco of tho Depart
ment of Bridges said to-night that to
morrow all tmitle would bo resumed, and
that tho broken rods would bo replaced in
two or three daya. Tho breakage, ho said,
wns due to expansion, presumably from
tho heat.
RADIANT ELKS
IN THE PARADE
Traffic Is Suspended for a
Time and Great Excite
ment Prevails.
Supports of Big Brooklyn
Structure Suddenly
Give Way.
HEAT BREAKS
BRIDGE RODS
APPOINTMENT OF WORTHINGTON
MADE AS A REWARD OF MERIT
Hays Impressed With the Clever Railroad Man From
the First and Picks Him Out for Promotion— He
Will Be New Division Superintendent at Tucson
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Allc<
M. M. Wall against John A. Wall for de
sertion, Jane Mlllington against Seth
Mlllington for failure to provide, Samuel
Goldstein against Pessy Goldstein for in
fidelity, Elizabeth • Edwards against
George W. Edwards • for desertion, . Re
becca Weber against Adolph E. Weber foi
failure to I provide and Maud Suttor
against Theodore Sutton for cruelty.
CONSUMPTION
NOT INCURABLE
Chauncey Olcott, at the Columbia The
ater, Is pleasing pood houses this week
with the usual potpourri of Irish comedy,
Irish melodies, a slender plot, a crowd of
dalntv children and the beguiling Chaun-
also have arrived, and Collamarini and
Russo are here, resting on their modest
laurels from tho late shooting bund. Bar
bareschi and Castellano are also among
those present; PolHlnl is another on the
list, and Agostini and Montanari are ex
pected daily. Dad", the star basso of the
season, and Nicolini are also here and
every one is ready, from chorus to con
ductor, for the ring-up. The seats for the
first night are about all sold, and indica
tions are that the season will be as much
of a financial as it promises to be an ar
tistic euccess.
The Elks will turn out on Saturday
night to bid good-by to the popular "Toy
Maker." and the children will have an
other chance at the toy eouvenirs on Sat
urday afternoon.
NEXT Monday evening, at the Tiv
oli, light opera will give way to
the serious business of grand
opera— "The Toy Maker" to
"Aida." As alternate b!ll with
•'Aida" "Rigroleito" will be presented, and
Tivoli patrons will thus have opportunity
to bear most of the principals of the sea
eon during its first week. Salassa Is here,
in robust health; Ferrari and Repetto
Dean of Paris Medical
Faculty Hopeful of
a Remedy.
LONDON. July 24.— The principal paper
before the British Congress of Tuberculo
sis to-day was read by Professor Brouar
del of Paris, who urged International leg-
Edward H. Sheldon, the well-known and
popular clubman, is critically ill at the
Lane Hospital. A difficult operation was
performed upon him Tuesday afternoon,
and while he is resting well and his con
dition is encouraging his physicians will
not yet say that his recovery is assured.
Mr. Sheldon had been ailing for three
Popular Secretary and Clubman Sufc
mita to a Difficult and Dan
gerous Operation.
SERIOUS ILLNESS
OF EDWASD H. SHELDON
Worthington Is popular around the yel
low building, as he has . distinguished
himself as a gentleman from his first ap
pointment with the company. He is looked
upon as a coming man in railroad circles
by his friends, and they predict that now
that he has a good chance to show his
ability he will go right to the front. He
leaves for Tucson to take up his new
work In a few days.
Worthington succeeds Epes Randolph,
the latter accepting a position as man
ager of the street car system of Los An
geles.
in his office, every day he received re
ports of the different trains, both freight
and -passenger. 'and he was able at- a
glance to tell how much freight had come
over the road and the amount that every
individual train carried. His position was
most responsible and he took a great In
terest in it. Hays was impressed with
Worthington's ability when he first met
him. and many times the new president
sent for him and sought information from
him in reference to the workings of the
road. •*;" .
B- A. WORTHINGTON is hereby
'-. appointed superintendent . of
the Tucson division.'" Thus
i 3 reads the first official circular
issued by J. M. Herbert, the
new general manager of the Pacific sys
tem of the Southern Pacific. With Worth
ington's appointment the new policy of
the company is illustrated. It shows that
good men who understand the railroad
business, who are young and active, will
not only still retain their positions, but
will be promoted.
With the changes under the Hays ad
ministration a cry went up that the new
president had no use. for Western men
and that he was going to bring cut his
own friends from the East and place
them in good T)ositionp. Such is not' the
case, however. Worthlngton up to the
lime of his present appointment was in
charge of the tonnage rating of locomo
tives of tho Pacific system. To thebe who
are novices In the railroad business his
position can he easily explained, beated
LEAGUERS VIEW
THE BIG TREES
Feast on Baked Olams
on the Beach at
Santa Oruz.
SEeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 24.— Santa Cruz ha(
the privilege of entertaining the Epwortl
Leaguers to-day and they all had a splen
did time. About 400. in eight cars, arrlve<
by special excursion at 11 o'clock at th<
Big Trees, where a committee from th<
Epworth League and Christian Endeavoi
societies met them and escorted then
through the giant forests. The excursior
arrived in this city shortly after 12 o'clocl
and stopped at the beach. The leaguen
were treated to a California clam bake
Ten sacks of luscious < bivalves wen
cooked by steam at the bathhouse en
gine-room. At Dolphin Park a long tabU
had been arranged and here ham sand
wiches, coffee, clams, crackers and fruits
were served. Young ladies from the vari
ous young people's societies waited upor
the guests. .. >
After the luncheon a drive around tm
cliff was in order. Those who were unabU
to ride in carriages took the electric cars
In the meantime: a delegation decoratec
the leaguers' cars, and when, they goi
through the sight was a pretty one. Th<
arrangement was artistic and each cai
had its particular I flower. In one mari
golds were used, with festoons and aspar
agus fern. Dainty sweet peas and swore
ferns formed the" decorations la anothei
caV, while in another a light blue hy
drangea was the only flower used. The car
nation car was fragrant with the odor ol
this choice flower. There was a rose cai
and a car In which pepper foliage was
used. The last car was in pink geraniums
and ferns. ? • ...
The visitors were profuse in voicing
their appreciation of all that was done
for them. They returned at 4 o'clock to
San Francisco.
"Trilby" Is a strong drawing, card at
the Central Theater and is being excep
tionally well rendered. Brophy gives a
highly intelligent interpretation of the
part of Svengali, and Miss Juliet Crosby,
The Alcazar has an inviting bill this
week in the sparkling Wvcherley comedy.
"The Country Girl," that has found nvch
favor with the patrons of the popular
house. Miss Florence Roberts, in the title
role, does her best work, and as the win
some Peggy is a delightful figure. She is
well supported by the good company of
the Alcazar, with White Whittlesey in
the leading part of Dick Belville. "Nell
Gwynne" will /follow.
The return of the favorites. Mr. James
Neill and the Neill Company, is almost at
hand. The advance sale for the first week
of the Neill Company at the California
begins this morning, and there is every
reason to believe that the popular organ
ization will be greeted on Monday night
by the customary large audience. The
opening play. "The Case of Rebellious
Susan," is well adapted to the company.
To-morrow evening will be souvenir
night at the Grand Opera-house. Each
lady attending the performance of "Paul
Kauvar" will be presented with a hand
some photograph of E. J. Morgan. The
next production will be "Tne Senator."
with Theodore Roberts in the name part.
E. J. Morgan as Count von Strahl and
Alary Van Buren as Mrs. Hillary.
cey himself, this time titled Garrett
O'Magh. The comedy will run for two
•weeks, after which comes Margaret An
glln and Charles RIchman with the Em
pire Theater Company of New York in
Henry Arthur Jones' comedy. "Mrs.
Dane's Defense," to be presented for the
first time here, with the original cast and
settings.
an excellent bill. Alexandra Dagmar, the
most stunning woman in vaudeville,
comes to the Orpheum direct from Lon
don next Sunday.
• * •
To August Hinrichs, the accomplished
conductor of Fischer's, the artists now in
possession of the popular concert house
will give a benefit performance next Tues
day evening. Ampng the unique features
will be a one-act opera by the eminent
Danish composer August Enna, and in
addition an excellent programme will be
given. Seats for the performance are
now on sale at the box office of Fischer's.
The Chutes and zoo will have the
usual amusing "amateurs'" bill this
evening, with Lunette, '.'the maid of the
air," as extra attraction. A "ladies'
high-kicking contest" is also among the
features of the evening.
* * *
Miss Lilian Levey and Arthur Parent,
two clever young vaudeville artists, are to
appear at the Chutes next Monday. Judg
ing by their past performances, they will
surely be favorites. Miss Levey has a cul
tured voice and is a graceful dancer. Mr.
Parent has won favor as a singer and
dancer. Both are graceful cakewalkers,
and in their acts introduce the latest
steps. They will each render solos, and
have a number of popular Eastern songs
which they will introduce during their en
gagement.
The fine organ built for the chapel of
Stanford University and now temporarily
erected in the Mechanics' Pavilion will be
heard for the last time in this cltv on
Saturday afternoon and Monday evening
next. Dr. H. J. Stewart, who is leaving
for Boston in a few days, will give two
farewell recitals, playing programmes re
cently given by him at the Pan-American
Exposition, Buffalo. There is a general
desire to hear California's leading organ
ist before his departure.
PITTSBURG, Mass., July . 23,-The
prosecution rested this afternoon in the
trial of Robert H. Fosburg for the alleged
killing of his sister. May. The conclusion
was as sudden as it was unexpected, j It
being known that there were witnesses
held in reserve, a number having been
summoned by the prosecution only yes
terday. • . . ¦ . .
The defendant's junior, counsel set forth
the facts upon which the: defense Is
based. There was a sensation, at the
opening of the court this morning when
Judge Stevens ordered the expulsion i of
several representatives of the New York
papers because of an article which had
been published In regard to an alleged
episode at the grave of the victim of the
tragedy. * • •• - ¦ . • • . . ¦• .. : .
¦ The chief witness of the Government to
day was John Michelson, head of the Po
lice Department -of Pittsfleld. Officer
Plynn, who searched the Fosburg prem
ises on the morning following the trag
edy, and ¦who had- found the single shoe
which- has figured .as ,a portion of. the
Government's chain of evidence.. was also
a witness to-day. .: •'• ;• .--
At the conclusion of .the Government's
case this afternoon the counsel -for .the
defense suggested to' the - court, that "the
case be dismissed for lack of proper evi
dence. Judge Stevens stated that he" was
not ready to -entertain such a motion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWPORT, R. I., July 24.— While heavy
gun practice was going on at Fort Adams
this afternoon several pieces of shell
went ¦ whizzing up one of Newport's
streets, but no serious damage was done.
Officers at the fort say that the pieces
were not from, shells used by them, but
the fact remains that the shell fragments
dropped into the town.
It was about 5 o'clock when persons in
the vicinity of the City Hall heard a
whizzing sound in the air. This was fol
lowed by the falling of a limb of a tree
in front of the public building and. then
a piece of projectile was seen. to graze
along the side of the stone building, mak
ing a cut in the stone as clean as if work
ed with a chisel. At the same time a tree
a little farther up the street was struck
by another piece of projectile. ¦ The piece
that struck the City Hall landed beneath
the window of the office of the Board of
Health.
Just previous to the incident the report
of one of the guns at the fort was heard.
On inquiry at the fort it was learned that
firing was being done with the 10-lnch dis
appearing guns that guard the entrance
to Narragansett Bay, and that the charge
used in the shells was simply a reduced
charge of eighty pounds as a preliminary
test for trials to-morrow with the full
charges of 280 pounds.
When told that the City Hall had been
struck a non-commissioned officer said it
would be impossible for a piece of the
shell used at the fort to burst, as no
bursting charge was used. There had
been more or less saluting from warships
in the harbor all- afternoon, but there waa
none being done at that time. This even
ing one piece of shell was found. It look
ed like a part of one-pounder ammunition.
COURT SEEKS
MORE EVIDENCE
Careless Gunners Alarm
the Summer Resort
People.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 24.— Charges of derelic
tion of duty and the squandering of funds
of the estate of Minerva M. Wheelock, de
ceased, .have been made against Andrew
J. Clunle of San Francisco, G. M. Bruce
and M. M. Bruce, executors of the estate,'
by the Erring Woman's Refuge of Chi
cago. This society Is a beneficiary under
the will of deceased to the amount of
$100,000, and from the petition filed it ap
pears it has never received its bequest.
Mrs. Wheelock died in this city on. May
I. 1893, leaving an estate valued at $100,000.
Shortly , afterward the executors took
charge of tho estate.
The petitton filed In Judge Rhodes' court
to day by the Erring Woman's Refuge
states, that the executors have been dere
lict in their duties; that more than.$10.
000 has come into their hands since July
II, 1893, and no account has been tiled as
to the distribution of tho funds; further,
that this amount has been dissipated and
is not now In the hands of th>< executors.
It Is. declared that at the time of the
admission of the will to probute the ex
ecutors were required to give bonds in the
aum of $33,000 oaoli, and that these bonds
nro wholly inadequuto and irresponsible
financially. Since the appointment of the
executors one of them, G. M. Bruce, has
died and no ono has been appointed in
hiH place,
The potitton nsksi that tho executors
bo forthwith required to fllo an account
of their proceedings and of all moneys
received nna disposed of in tho estate,
nndthnt on failure to* do ho tho letturi
testamentary b* revoked nnd Bomo aulta-
I'lo pernon be directed to tnko charge of
the estuto and tho moots thereof. Tho
court is asked to compel tho reimUnlnR
oxututors, A. J. Clunlc and M. M. Bruce,
to give new bonds in tho sum of $3K,ooij
each.
Judge nhodes made an order for tho ex
ecutors to fllo an account,, together wltn
vouchers, before August 7, together with u
how bond in tho sum of $33,000 ench, and
thst on August 0 they anall uppenr In
court and show cause why the letters ls
sutu to them shull not be revoked.
Andrew J. Clunio, who Is named as 'one
of the defendants in the 8an Jose suit,
was seen at his residence in this city last
night.
"This suit," he said, "is 'nothing more
or less than the outcome of a kick on the
purt of a man named Beggs, who is at the
head of the Erring Woman's Refuge of
Chicago, because the executors were not
in a position soon .enough to pay off a
legacy left the refuge by Minerva Wheel
ock. The delay in paying off legacies has
been due to the fact that the probate of
the Minerva Wheelock estate has had to
wait for the probate of the estate of O. L.
Wheelock. the deceased husband of the
aforesaid Minerva Wheelock. The bulk of
the O. L. Wheelock estate is embodied- in
real estate in Chicago. Realty -values in
Chicago have been at a low ebb lately
and therefore the executors have been
holding off In the hope of getting a better
price before soiling. This is not only the
judgment of the executors, but also the
request of the heirs. The Erring Wo
man's Refuge is a beneficiary under
Minerva Wheelock's will and not the O.
L. Wheelock estate. So far we have been
able to pay, off only one-sixth of " the
Minerva Wheelock estate to the heirs. Th's
latter have all expressed themselves as
satisfied with the administration of., tho
estate. This outsider, Beggs, seems to-be
the only kicker." . ¦ .•• ¦ ¦ " -¦'
MAKE NEWPORT
THEIR TARGET
Demands an Accounting of
Minerva Wheelock's
Wealth.
Charitable Organization
Accuses Andrew J.
Clunie.
CLAIMS ESTATE
IS BEING LOOTED
A Balloon Ascensionist Killed.
. A .' balloon ascensionlst , was recently killed
'While making: one of his daring- trips. Life 1:
to6 valuable to, trifle with in foolhardy adven
tures.. 'It Is. better to employ ourselves ir
peaceful pursuits,, where we may .be secure.
Then, . If ¦ we take care of '¦ our health, we car
live to a Rood old age. . The best means of pro
moting health Is Hoatetter'B Stomach Bitters.
This • medicine cures dyspepsia, ¦ indigestion,
constipation,' flatulency and Insomnia.' Be aure
to try it. •;•'. -, ¦¦' :.¦;;¦ . • •¦ ¦¦• •
After a : man gets into trouble It is easy
for him to see how he might have kept
out of it.
Girls, If singleness is bliss 'tis folly to be
wives.
Epworth. Leaguers and Their Friends
Can go to Stockton Saturday, July 27th, attend
church and return Monday. $2.00 for the round
trip. Santa Fe trains leave 7:20 a. .m. 4:20 p.
m. and 8 p. m. •¦ ¦ . . ••
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Pensions Granted to Persons in Three
States end Changes in Postoffice
Department.
' WASHINGTON. July 24.— The following
pensions have been granted: California —
Additional— Charles G. Rogers, Monrovia,
$$. Renewal— John P. Green, Los Angeles,
$6. Increase— John N. Llscomb, Los An-
Ore'gon — Original — "William B. '. Lousig
nont, Baxter, $6. Additional— Joseph Ball,
Paradise, $12. Increase— Joseph C. Sawyer,
Newberg, $8. , „ . • ' -, ,,
Washington— Original— Solomon E. Mor
gan. Hesseltine. $8. • /.-¦ .
The Postmasters commissioned to-day
are: California— Stella M. Green, Preston;
Albert L. Fish, Tesla. «
Washington— Frank. E. Pells, Ballard;
George L. Brown, Chautauqua.
C0NSTITUTION
AGAIN A VICTOR
NEW LONDON. Conn., July 24.— In a
fine southwest breeze over th» thlrty-nine
mile course from New Haven Breakwater
to. Sarahs Ledge at the mouth of New
London harbor the Constitution again
showed what a superb racing craft she Is
in light -weather and smooth water. She
beat the Columbia to-day eight minutes
and twenty-three seconds fairly and
squarely. There were no flukes, the wind
holding true and steady, with the excep
tion of a shift of a couple of points after
two-thirds of the distance had been cov
ered. The breeze at no time was of suffi
cient strength to raise a single whitecap
on the waves.
.The race between the two 90-footers was
contested every inch. After going along
for two or three miles they Indulged in a
luffing match. In which the Constitution
came out a winner, obtaining a lead of
nearly a quarter of a mile. At 12:30 the
Constitution had gone about fifteen miles.
Soon after she set her spinnaker to star
board, carrying It until Cornfield light
ship was reached, when it was taken in
again for a few minutes and then reset
for the run to the finish.
The Constitution kept a mile closer to
the Long Island shore than her rival until
Bartletts Reef was reached and she fin
ished a good mile in the lead, having gone
the thirty-nine miles in four hours thirty
two minutes and twenty-seven seconds
while it took the Columbia to go' over the
same distance four hours forty minutes
and fifty seconds. This was remarkably
fast when the comparative lightness of
the breeze is taken Into consideration, and
also that the tide was against them over
the greater part of the course.
Yachtsmen are now convinced that the
Constitution is faster than the -Columbia
on every point of sailing in light weather,
but in a heavy blow and a rough and
tumbling sea many believe that the Co
lumbia will prove tho speedier. Summary
The Cup Defender Proves
Conclusively Her
Great Speed.
islation In regard to the notification of
the authorities of the existence of tuber
culosis and the disinfection and salu
brlety of hotels, railroad cars and steam
boats, thus preventing the spread of tu
berculosis. ¦
Professor Brouardel. who Is dean of the
medical faculty of Paris, maintained that
the disease was curable. He said any
measure tending to limit the ravages of
alcoholism would diminish the mortality
from consumption, and referred to the
great danger of hawking pieces of meat
in public places and in the sale of milk
which had not been examined. He be
lieved these dangers could be remedied by
legislation. Professor Brouardel compli
mented the United States on its "realiza
tion of the dangers of expectoration and
on its legislation in the matter."
Professor Brouardel declines to accept
Professor Koch's theory that tuberculosis
cannot be propagated by the meat and
milk of tuberculous cattle, and said he
thought It right to protect the population
from tills contagion by legislation. V
In an important paper on the question
of tuberculosis. Dr. G. A. Herron of Lon
don paid a warm tribute to the researches
of Professor Koch. He said that the
prejudice against tuberculin arose from
the ignorance of those who had attempted
to use it, while disregarding the explicit
Injunctions of the discoverer, particularly
in applying it In unsuitable . cases. He.
pointed out that a very frequent mistake
was to administer an overdose and to fail
to reduce or suspend the application when
the temperature rose above the normal.
The only chance to cure consumption.
Dr. Herron asserted, was to begin In the
early stages. The surest method of
diagnosis was by the application of tuber
culin. He expressed himself as entirely
confident that this could be done with ab
solute safety. "Had tuberculin served no
other purpose than diagnosis," said he.
"it would be worthy of the highest praise
and appreciation."
Professor Koch, who was present, was
warmly cheered. He spoke briefly, in
dorsing Dr. Herron's observations as to
the necessity for caution in the use of
tuberculin. . - ',
At a banquet given to-night to Professor
Koch, Sir James Crlchton Browne an
nounced that the British authorities had
appointed a committee to Inquire into the
relations between human and bovine
tuberculosis.
THE SAN FRAJS CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1901.
Popular Neill Company Will Open Again at California on the 29th Inst.
Chauncey Olcott Pleases Large Houses at Columbia— (< The Senator' 1
Next at the Grand Opera-House— Sparkling Comedy Given at Alcazar
COMIC GIVES WAY TO GRAND OPERA
MONDAY AT TIVOLI, "AIDA" OPENING
9
Elap'd Corctd
BOAT. Start. Finish Time. Time.
Constitution 11:06:08 3:37:35 4:32:27 •• •
Columbia 11:05:11 3:46:01 4:40:50 4:39:10
BOAT.
*Asks for remeasurement.
grape-nuts.
AN OILY HABIT.
There are people who become uncon-
sdouEly addicted to the butter habit: that
is to eay, they like butter and gradually
cat a little more as the months go by,
until they find they have consumed each
meal quite a quantity of fat. that they
have not vitality enough to properly di-
pest.
This indigested substance causes more
or lees catarrh of the stomach and trouble
with the bowels.
The remedy, of court*, is to largely cut
Cown the allowance of butter and for two
or three nights sup nearly a quart of very
hot water, just before grofngr to bed. This
washes out the ftomach and bowels and
gives them renewed vitality. Then ths
Pf Q r o E . 0n ehould, for a few mornings at
Jjast, rely on pood, rich cream, with
{?«?£? , ts - for breakfast, letting: out the
*S1* * alto * et her. The cream slves all
fi * needed.
norfwf*^ 13 * 8 and CITam furnish an Ideal
portion of any breakfast.
A BUTTER
HINT.
Grape-Nuts? §
•
0
(See Be'ovr.)
Why Use Cream With Your
DOES CLUB LIFE UNFIT A
WOMAN FOR HOME LIFE?
A DAY WITH THE SOUTHERN \\ A Yl
PACIFIC PAY CAR. 1 1 VA I
¦ ¦ \ — •• .¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦'
THE PANAMA HAT IS NOW
THt ACTORS OF THE FAT DEVIL
¦ BY SARAH COMSTOCK.
Intide Information as to How the Raids in Chinatown Are Made.
HOW THE MONEY IN THE
MINT IS COUNTED.
DRESSES FOR THE SUMMER Sli 11(1/1 V Q
AMONGTHENA^ESOFNEW " —^"^-—^ "
ZEALAND.
" FOR LOVE OF A WOMAN." |
. BY HOWARD R HURLBUT. |
• One'of the Strongest Stories of the Day. • |
FASHIONS, FICTION AND w ~~"~~ —
BOOKS. '
PAGES OF HUMAN INTEREST ¦ P 1 fl
STORIES. Aj/lii
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS ¦¦¦»¦¦¦
THEM ALL.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTJBSDAT, JULY 25, 1901.
10
4'tf SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Tfce San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
cntil 1? o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:80 p. m. t
€39 McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin street; open until 9:50 p. ra. 1
1HI Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2TC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until » p. m.
1C98 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtre*"ts; open until 9 p. ra.
2200 nilmore Etreet: open until 9 P-_™j^_
MEKTIXG NOTICES.
A STATED meeting of Yerba r-t
Buena Chapter No. Ju Rose Crolx, I ' "
A. & A. Scottish Rite of Free- •—• ffi — \
Masonry. "^iH be J^ld In Com- — *X —
mandary Hall. M&sonle Temple, R.
on THURSDAY "EVENING. July (
25. 1901. at 7:30 o'clock.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary. LJ
A STATED meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. L A. & A. jjf ,
Scottish Rite of F"ree-Masonry. will l\
be held in Commandary Hall. Masonic Jgn-
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING, V&V
July 25, 1901, at 8 o'clock.
HEXRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. M.. ft
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-,11,,
ING. July 25. at 7:30 o'clock. Third %_A
degree. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. & A. M.— ft
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:15 o'clock. First S3P
degree. Masons cordially invited. By » ** *
order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH, San Francisco Lodge No. 212, . a
F. & A. M., meets THIS (THURS-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for TjTz-f
second degree. By order of the Master, f^r*
K. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. & A. M..— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:S0 o'clock. Second yLjK
degree. Sojourning Brethren are in- * '
vited. By order of the Master.
J.* R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
THE B. F. Scottish Thistle Cub v •<?¦*•.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- A iLft&f
ING, Fraternity Hall, S2 O'Farrell > «£*~££"=
etreet, at S o'clock. "Smoker"
follows.
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association — The
picnic oommlttee of the above association will
meet TO-NIGHT, at 8 o'clock, In Albion Hall
to make final arrangements for the coming
picnic All Members are requested to be pre-
sent R. F. BUCKLEY, Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association — The
cbove association will hold Its regular annual
r.lcnic on SUNDAY. August 4, 1901. at Shell
Mounfl Park. Berkeley. Very valuable srate
prizes are to be given, including a Domestic
sewing rhacMn*.
ANNUAL meeting— The Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of th» Risdon Iron and Loccmo-
tlve Works for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other buslneees as may be brought before the
meeting will be held at the offlce of the com-
pany, southeast coixer of Beale and Howard
ete., San Francisco, on MONDAY, th« Sth
day of August. 1901, at 11 o'clock a. ra.
L. R. MEAD, : Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Bpreckels Sugar Co.
will be held at the olflce of the company, 327
Market st. Pan Francisco, on MONDAY, the
29th day ©f July, at the hour of 11 a. in., for
the purpose of electing m. board of directors
to eerve tor the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such othc' buElness as may come
before the meeting. The transfer books will
close on Friday. July 26. 1S01. at 3. p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
PERMANENT position awaits a good sales-
man; roust earn more than $100 per month;
an ex-school teacher, insurance, typewriter
cr book salesman preferred. Pacific News-
paper Union, 927.' Market St., E. F.
AGEXTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ence? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted into good homes. . MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth gt.. Alameda.
ASPHALTPM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ralred: postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;divorces private;bankruptcy; col-
lections attachments ; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerFhlps:deeds; wills drawn ;fees low -open
eve's. THURSTON, lOOS's Mkt. r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee ¦without success; collections. G W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. J.
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister St., rooms 28-29.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
"W. DAVIDSON. 9*T7 Market Et, opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Et.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDRE5.
TWO or three children to board; good home I
and mother's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607
California st
CHILD to board; age from 3 to J; can give
reference. Box 2277. Call offlce. Oakland.
BOOKS — SEW AXB OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2951^
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-703 Mission st
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $600; SALOON, established many years in
choicest business part of this city: low rent;
Investigate at once and you will find a flrst-
class paying business. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny 6t
A— J1000; GENERAL merchandise store, with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab-
lished many years and doing a splendid busi-
nees. Call R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— S8C0; SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th
and Market cts. ; net rent $22; rare chance;
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A-?2800; STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
notions, with laundry route and route of all
6. F. dallies, across the bay. or will sell
paper and laundry routes for S1500. Particu-
lars R. G. WILKB, £6*6 Kearny Bt
A— tlSOO; HALF Interest, saloon on Kearny st,
clearing $300 per month; lease; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant ; one
block south of Market st; daily receipts from
$50 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1250; CORNER transfer saloon ir. the very
best location: established 10 years; rent $40;
death in family cause of sale and a great sac-
rlflce. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and flrst-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building-
come, investigate and you will find a splen-
did investment. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny 6t
CANDY store; 6 rooms; rtnt $15 $100
Candy store ....; $400
Faloon 1550
Saloon and grocery store
Restaurant and chophouse $200
To buy, cell, exchange anything we can
eult you.
M. J. McBRIDE & CO..
1014 Market Bt, opposite Fifth.
A— $550: SALOON; transfer corner; old estab-
lished; receipts $15 day; 4 rooms; rent $30;
eacriflce account other business. STRAND &
CO.. 209 Kearny et
A — S5S0 SALOON; transfer cor.; old established;
receipts $15 day; 4 rooms; rent $30; sacrifice
account other business. STRAND & CO. 209
Kearny Et.
JCO CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores, 800 grocer-
ies and bars, 400 esJoons, £00 bakeries, 600
rt ores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
ohoose from; call In and see what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market
JT50— CORNER paloon; cood paying business;
trial given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777U
Market ft.
fiHOEMAKER repair shop for sale; proprietor
departing; good location. 102 Montgomery
avenue. " ;, •'.* *.
FOR SALE — Branch bakery cheap; good paying
place. • 238 Hayes Et
HOTEL— 50 rooms; newly furnished; prosperous
Interior city; commercial patronage; rent $143.
Further particulars of the Railway Hand-
Book Publishing Co.. 20 Montgomery st.
BARBERS — litst 2-chalr shop in San Jose; all
new furniture; must be sold before August 1;
investigate. Address A. F. NOFTZ, 12 East
Can Fernando St., San Jose. Cal.
A BARGAIN— Fine location, lodging house or
transient, with saloon, dancing hall and
•bowling alley. Box 3786, Call office.
FOR SALE— Half Interest In blacksmith shop.
4400 Mission et. .
JSOO — RESTAURANT for sale: good patronage;
low rent. Box 3770. Call offlce.
BHOOTING gallery with flat of 4 furnished
rooms for sa'e.. Box 3778. Call office.
£ A LOON for eale opposite the ferry; rare
chance. Ill East st, north of Market
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
SHOEMAKERS, attention!!l— For sale cheap,
in Pope Valley, 12 miles from St. Helena, a
complete outfit of tools and stock of leather;
also house 16x18 with all- utensils for house-
keeping; cause of selling, old age and sick-
ness. Inquire of L. GOTTLIEB, 715 Bush st.
city. - ¦
WANTED— An honest ana sober , partner with
$3000 In an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc. ; cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician. 1071% Mar-
ket st. San Francisco.
$300— A CHANCE he very seldom ofTers; deli-
catessen and lunch rooms; rent $12; living
rooms included; daily receipts about $15; no
opposition. Particulars 1150 Folsom Bt, • in
cigar factory. . .
BRANCH bakery and notion business In a fine
location: all cash trade; very low rent; liv-
ing-rooms: very cheap if taken this month.
Apply 1727 Market St., restaurant '
$400— PARTNER with respectable lady in well
paying restaurant: advertiser Is practical;
prefers partner to hired help. 323 Kearny
st., rcom 4.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; 4 well
furnished rooms in rear; no agents. Inquire
HIS Market st. : •
DELICACY store; must be sold or given away;
3 living rooms; rent $18. 635 Valencia st.
$400— PARTNER wanted to start laundry busi-
nesE. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
CANDY store for Eale cheap: proprietor sick.
Box 3810. Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HOTEL AND BAR
70 rooms, fine country town
Clears $250; price $1800. DECKER, 1020 Markt.
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market st. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 Years In Business in This City.
Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 600 rms, $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms., $100 to. 20,000
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms, $S0 to 750
60 private homes. 6 to 25 rooms, $90 to... 2,000
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms., $350 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to 8,000
40 grocery stores $400 to 6,000
20 candy stores. $300 to 1,200
40 saloons, $400 to «,000
10 cigar stores, $300 to 1.000
600 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
100 vacant lots, $25 to 8,000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 50,000
6 chicken ranches, $400 to 1,700
60 ranches, everywhere, $300 to 14.000
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.. — — —
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell lift with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
C3 r. ; downtown apartment house $3500
60 r. ; corner: rent $125; perm.; trans, rmrs. 1S00
24 r. ; rent $110; good fur. and carp; Al loc. 1900
Money loaned on deferred payments; 1>,4 p. c.
20 r. ; rent $75; new carp.; part hskpg 1200
15 r. : rent $57 DO; fur., loc. good; bargain. 900
12 r. ; rent $40; good house; sickness; rede'd 423
6 rms.; rent $25; new hardwood fur 375
Over 500 houses 'listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, money to loan.
719 Market st, by Call bldg. Tel. Black 180S.
9 rooms; rent $25; Income $125 $700
41 rooms; 2 blocks N of Mkt; rent $100.. 1700
50 rooms; rent $170; fine apartments 2500
14 rooms; *£ cash: rent $40 450
Call at offlce for list: above are only samples.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city and pay for it
in monthly payments
.from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market: phone Folsom. 1312.
75 rooms; price.. ..$5000 42 rooms; price. ...$3300
16 rooms; price.... 1900 30 rooms; price.. «. 2250
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. $750
22 rooms: elegant: rent only $60: price... .$1500
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
MORTGAGED HOUSE MUST SELL.
14 rooms; central; paying $650
16 rooms; cheap rent; part cash.....'..... 600
20 rooms; near Market st 1200
35 rooms; reduced to 650
42 rooms; clears $100 1700
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market Bt
M. J. McBRIDE & CO.
1016 Market st, opp. Fifth st.
E6-room house $2503
25-room house 400
7-room house; rent $25 250
Private house, 6 rooms i 200
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 191L
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st).
SELECT your house from the largest list in
town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
to $50,000; hundreds to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
i LIST your Iodslng-houses, saloons, groceries,
restaurants, etc., with us. We have buyera
everywhere. Cal. Business Asn., 865% Market.
A— 9-ROOM lodging-house for sale; central
location. Audress box 4478, Call offlce.
$350— LODGING-HOUSE 10 rooms, furnished.
S64H Mission st
SPIRITUALISM. .
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tue3., Frl.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkin st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY^"
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough: Ellis-
Et. car; sit. $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice
in" all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces.
. deaths; unites the separated; mining. a spe-
cialty; circles Sun.. Wed., Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c seance Sunday and
Thursday, 8 p. m. ; every one gets a test; pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde st, cor. Eddy.
JOHN SLATER— Circles, 25c; Sun., Mon., Fri
eves., 8:15; Wed. aft, 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat. & Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
EDWARD EARLE. 22S Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thun." Tel." Polk 1601.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
ARNOLD & DICKSON'S last day for spirit
photos, readings 50c." $1, up to Friday. 148 6th.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all td-nlght. 10c.
CLAIRVOYASTS.
$ _ ¦ - ¦ - ..i ... 1
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS ,
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st , corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
28; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
Mme. Montague, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives advice in all affairs of life; gives names,
facts, fltjures, with full predictions in all love
affairs: not one failure; letters answered. 116
Turk «t. flat 1. ''
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; nerer falls; has the greatest Egyj.
tian secret; Ehowa picture of future husband
cr wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit, $1 60. 126 Turk.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
elttlncs dally. 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 60c; English,
German and French spoken. 215 Leavenworth.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst; horo-
scopes cast; lessons given, 50c; hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6. 148 Sixth st. room 22.
UP /to date: Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist and reader of human destiny; never fails;
25c and 50c. 1203 Mission st, cor. 8th.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmlet. permanently located 1148 Market, op.
fth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist;
past, present and future. 25c. 10S Sixth st,
second floor.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor.eth.
Mrs.Mallory.clalrvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
1 MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card- reader;
ladies 25c. gents 50c. 1S2 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana.
only 10c. 262 Minna st.. near Fourth.
MMC. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmlEtry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448^4 Jessie st. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
• advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st".
CARPET BEATING AJf D . CLE AJflNQ.
"WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; teL South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying,. 3c;/ renovating, 6c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.,: phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. t7C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
"CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 88-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St. ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st: telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 gutter.
COLLECTION. OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
HICKORY ave., 240, bet Octavia and Laguna
sts.— Fine cottage, 6 rooms, and stable, 4
stalls; rent $18. Q.
$17— COTTAGE 6 rooms, bath. Key 711 Treat
avenue. j _¦
DENTISTS^ _ ¦___
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 60;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, it a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
"p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and flllines; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist,*" third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; drowns, $3: fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50e. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless";- evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without Plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1341 Polk st. '
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
t McCABE'S Deteceive Agency handles all legit-
* imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South 381.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Cla?s rates: ijatterns cut. }019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MoffatU-
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $30 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping." Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ;. individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING^ — Civil, elee.,mlning,mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st
High School students— The Weekly Geometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALTVS Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
MEDICAL hypnotism -taught to students of
both sexes: chronlo functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
EXCHANGE. ;
WHAT have you got to offer for this? Fine
2-story house of 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 60x
130; street work 'all done; electric cars pass
the property; only 2 blocks from railroad sta-
tion; within walking distance of new High
School and university. Apply to FRED H.
CLARK. S03 California st. third floor.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. I GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman of domestic habits wants
•working housekeeper's position; city or coun-
try.' Call or address for 3 days MRS. EARL,
242 Twelfth st.
A RELIABLE, neat American woman, elderly,
desires situation: good cook- and - laundress;
kind to children; references; wages $12. Box
3727 Call offlce.
WANTED— By reliable woman, work by the
day-; good laundress; $125 a day. 1773 Mar-
ket st. • -¦ -
MIDDLE-AGED woman 'wishes general house-
work, plain cook; city or country. 10 Stock-
ton place, of! Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants a position
in a hotel, boarding or lunch house. 417Va
Fifth st.
EXPERIENCED nurse with references wishes
a few more confinement cases. Address 1819
Howard et. , '
COMPETENT young 'woman -wants to do
. housework; is a good cook; city reference.
Apply 214 Fifth Bt., near Howard.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter
and skirt maker; sews 65c a day. . M. C, Box
3753 Call offlce.
*A RELIABLE young woman wants a situation
as chambermaid, sewing or general house-
work. Call at 258% Tehama st. .
A YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework
and cooking in -family of adults. Apply at
1114 Powell St.
FIRST-CLASS sick nurse would like care of
invalid; good references; wages $25. Nurse,
1804 Howard St. , ' . ¦
SWEDISH girl desires general housework; doies
not speak English. Call at 2725 Twenty-sec-
ond Bt.,. corner Bryant. " \
WANTED — Position for housework in Oakland
or Alameda by woman; reliable cook and
laundress. Address box 2284, Call, Oakland.-
YOUNG experienced German nurse wishes en-
gagements as lady's nurse. 1321 Mason st.
WANTED— Plain sewing at 153 Tehama, down-
stairs. . , : . • • :
A GERMAN woman wishes situation as house-,
keeper; wages $15. 31 Scott, near O'Farrell. -
DANISH girl wishes to do general housework
and assist in cooking. 909*>6 Capp st.
WOMAN wants plain sewing to take home.
Call 37 Ivy ave., upstairs. '
TOUNG girl,' 14 years, to assist In light house-
work; no children. 1934 Eddy st. 1 •
A MIDDLE-AGED widow desires position as
housekeeper In family; would like to have boy
of 10 years with her; references. Box 3840.
Call. . . ¦ :-;¦ ¦¦- ¦ :- -.¦ ;¦ ¦ ¦¦•.-¦. ._ - ;
AN. experienced nurse wishes ' position to care
for an Insane person. Box 3835, Call offlce...
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A RESPECTABLE . young woman .'wishes work
. Saturdays or any . other day. Address box
3836. Call. '- - . ¦..¦.¦¦
RELIABLE girl wishes situation at general
housework and French and • German cooking;
city references. C. ¦ L.. box 3765, Call.
A WOMAN wishes chamberwork or general
housework; wages $20. . 111% Minna st. .
A CAPABLE young teacher desires position as
governess, companion or private Instructor in
good family. Address 1326 Seventh ave.. E.
Oakland. Cal. . ¦
RELIABLE, competent woman wishes work of
any kind by the day. Call at 937 Mission at.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bU3
and baggage to and from ferry.
KSIPLOYME3ST WASTED— MALE.
YOUNG gentleman of good habits and ability
desires position in offlce or as cashier of
good business house; thoroughly experienced;
best references. Box 3760. Call offlce.
ACCOUNTANT, cashier, correspondent, 27,
competent and experienced offlce manager;
absolutely highest indorsements." Box 8759,
Call offlce. ' ¦ ->
WANTED— A position as an assistant book-
keeper, business manager or manager of an
estate; very best of references furnished. Ad-
dress C. J.,' box 3837, Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER; competent: experienced;
" desires position with business house -or law
office; references; salary moderate. Address
Room 30. 819 Market st. - ' ¦
DANISH man wants situation private place;
understands care of garden and horses; can
milk; good driver. A. MATHISEN. 914 Cen-
tral ave.. Alameda. _-
TWO swift, strong, handy colored men want
window washing, housecleaning, packing and
all kinds of job work. IS Stockton place.
YOUNG man, refined, of good moral character,
wishes position attend or travel with invalid.
Box 3757. Call offlce. ' ¦ -
WANTED— Position by young man as book-
keeper or assistant: 6 years' .experience in
East. Box 3758, Call offlce. > "
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable
Scandinavian on city or country place as
coachman, gardener and general utility man;
can milk and understands his business thor-
oughly; references. Box 3767, Call. __^
A RELIABLE man and wife wish to take
charge and do the work in a small place in .
the country or stock ranch: good references.
Address T. P., 1519 Howard st
YOUNG man, 21 years of age, with good city
references, and understands bookkeeping and
typewriting, would like a position. Address
box 3SS7. Call. .
GENTLEMAN at present employed by large
firm wishes position in small house to do
bookkeeping and general offlce work; com-
petent J. FOX. 730 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG married man wishes steady situation,
porter in wholesale house, night watchman
or teamster: 9 years in last place; best refer-
ences. H. M.. box 3762. Call.
WANTED— Situation by man and wife;, fine i
; cooks; will take charge of kitchen In small
hotel, boarding house, or will do cooking, and
; choring. Address L. LEWIS, San Pablo, Cal. j
BARBER wanted— Position by man with some
experience; salary not so much an object as
opportunity to improve. Box 3771, Call.
WANTED— A situation as bill or shipping
clprk; is a good flgurer: can give good refer- !
ences. Address box 3766, Call office. \
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady !
position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic i
Hotel, 207 ¦ Montgomery ave.
A YOUNG man wishes a situation as bartender \
in city or country. \ 905^ Mission St.. room 9.
SITUATION wanted in country; has had ex-.
perience: understands fermenting tanks or !
oil tanks; also mason and cement worker.
Box 3952. Call office.
WANTED— By ¦ a young man, position as ]
shipping or billing clerk; 7 years in freight I
department of railroad. Box 3834, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 j
Valencia st. - '
1 FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencla;tel.Capp 2682.
FLATS TO LET.
BAKER and Fulton, NW. corner— Sunny,
modern 7-room flat; rent reasonable. Key at
601 Baker st.
PINE, 2132 — 6 rooms, bath; all' modern; large
back yard; fine basement Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st.
A— WANTED at once; tenants for 8 new flats;
now ready. A. .M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
A — SUNNY new marine view 8 rooms and
bath. 2414 Van Ness ave.? near Union st.
BEAUTIFUL new 7, 8 and 8: roof garden and
view. Golden Gate, Van Ness and Union.
FLAT of 5 sunny ¦ rooms and bath, yard and
basement. 134 Pace Bt.
O'FARRELL, 1929-1935— Modern flats; 5 and 6
rooms, bath, yard, basement: reasonable.
FLAT, 5 sunny rooms, bath; yard. 21 De Long
ave., near Waller st.
MODERN bay-window flat, 8 rooms, 2 kitchens.
» Key 417*4 Third st.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call offlce.
FURNITURE FOK SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
¦ merchandise, etc ; phone Jessie 2071.
AUCTIONEER, "W. P. Beauchamp. 2 G. G.
ave., tel Jessie 126; furniture, mdse. etc. b't.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 923 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1303 Larkin; teLPolk694:
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
gloves!
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
A stewardess, $35, and 3 waitresses, $25, for
a mining boarding-house; free fare; see boss
here; State of Nevada
FOR SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
5 flrst-class waitresses for cafe. Southern
California, $25, %-rate fare, start Monday;
waitress, Los Angeles, . free fare, $25; 2 fancy
Ironers, $35, "4-rate fare '.;....
Fancy ironer, hotel, near city, $35 and found;
fAcy ironers, different places In the State,
highest wages paid; chambermaid, country
hotel, $20 $25; 50 waitresses, all over the
State. and out of the State, $20, $25; fares
paid; cooks, institution waitress, institution
laundress; waitress, assist with dishes, in-
stitution; $20 each
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Many choice places in this department for
cooks, house girls, second girls; $20, $30.......
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
25 WAITRESSES wanted for flrst-class South-
ern California hotels; call and book.
C. K. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
CASHIER, restaurant; $25; city.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... ....104 Geary gt
A— MRS. M. E. DAY ..Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :
Housekeeper - for miners' boarding house, see
party here, $35; 3 waitresses, same place, $25,
fares all paid; pantry woman, same place,
$25; waitresses, city and country, $20 and $25;
! 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid,
$20 ,
.;.. FAMILY. DEPARTMENT :...
Cook, country, $30/ fare paid; cook and second
$45; many other really choice places; woman
for housework, $20, sleep home....... ::....,
MRS. M. E.\PAY 335 Geary
WANTED— 18 wai tresses for . resorts, , city and
country hotels, $20 and $25, and $8 a week;
chambermaid, assist waiting, $20; cook for
6tnall hotel, $25, only 12 people; starch ironer,
. $30; 6 Scandinavian cooks, plain wash, - $23 ¦ to
$35; colored girl, • 3 in family, for housework.
$25;' 4 second girls,- $20 and M5: 26<glrls for
housework In city and country, $25, very nice
places. Call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO.;
. 316 Sutter st. ' '- ". "¦ ¦ - ¦¦¦-
A— HOTEL GAZBTTE, 26 Montgomery, . rm. 12.
Young lady, for cashier's , position; flrst-class
restaurant; no. previous experience required.
GOOD laundress for private family; nurse for
baby, $25. CATTELL'S; 525 Eighth st, Oakld.
WANTED — Experienced operator on l women's
wrappers; steady work; electric power; good
pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market St. ¦-..¦
A GERMAN. Swedish or American girl for
. general housework. 320 Walnut St.; apply
morning. . '¦-¦•. ' ¦
GIRL with -references as cook: family of 3
adults and 3 children. Call bet 10 a. m. and
3;p.m., 2201. Broderlck st, cor.' Washington.
A MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman for house-
work- and tako *••>»•¦» »* "hiia 6 years old. 622
Natoma'. st - - - . - -
HELP WASTED— FEMALE--Con.
EXPERIENCED canners j for fruit; steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Brannan st.
WANTED immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 Bran-
nan- st
NEAT reliable girl to do cooking, and general
housework. Call between 10 and 12 at 702
. Van Ness.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies* tennis gowns,
skirts, etc., to take work home. H. FRIED-
LANDER. 338 Fell st
A LADY, of indomitable energy, possessed of
Belf -assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
FIRST-OLASS . buttonhole maker wanted.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St.
APPRENTICES on vests; paid while learning.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 641 Market st.
APPRENTICES for finishing - ladlea' waists;
pay. S. F. M. Co., 523 Market st •
SALESLADY wanted for bakery: must wait
on table. 1410 Polk st. near Pine.
WOMAN to cook on ranch, -with a child pre-
ferred. Call or address 1502 Kentucky st.
GIRL for country to do housework. Call 1623
McAllister «t. . . . . . -
YOUNG woman for country: cook, wash, as-
Blat with general housework; $20. 828 Turk.
GIRL to do light housework and plain cooking
in small family; fare paid. 1311% Guerrero.
WOMAN cook for ranch; 7 to 10 men; $25 per
month.- Cal. Employment Agency, 59 Third st
WANTED— An experienced stenographer and
typewriter. WIESTER & CO.. 22 Second st.
A WOMAN to travel with side show. Call 4 or
5 o'clock, BOSCO. Winchester Hotel.
DRESSMAKER— Must be able to sell Iadle3"
apparel; with some capital. Box 3751 Call.
GIRL for light housework; wages $20. 1279
O'Farrell st
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
Apply at 214 Hyde st. '
COMPETENT stenographer ; one who can grst
out 100 form letters per day; hours 8 till 6;
salary $20 per month. Box 3772, Call offlce.
GIRL to do plain sewing on' power machine.
Mercantile Towel Co., 251 Jessie st, near
Fourth.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
SMALL girl for light housework: wages $7. 264
San Carlos ave., near Twentieth, off Mission.
WANTED— Bright woman to travel; willing to
be directed. Box 3777, Call offlce.
WANTED — Young girl to assist in general
housework. Apply 1632 Post st.
APPRENTICE wanted on vests at 628 Steven-
son st, bet. Sixth and. Seventh; top floor.
APPRENTICE on vests; $3 a week to start.
766 Geary st • •* •
A NEAT girl for general housework. 2708 Sac-
ramento St.; before 12 noon.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
Ing; $20; call between 8 and 12 a. m. 213 Brod-
erick st.
WANTED — A girl for general . housework;
wages $20. 1404 McAllister st.
A NEAT German girl for bakery; experienced
preferred. 108 Ninth Et.
TOUNG girl to assist with baby during day. 6
Avery st., off Geary, near Flllmore.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
.steady work at good wages. Apply at FON-
TANA BRANCH, California Fruit' Canners'
Association, corner Francisco and Taylor sts.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING .BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted to work on
coats. Apply MIKKELSEN & BERRY'S,
2124 Center Et.. Berkeley. Cal. - • ¦
2 YOUNG ladies, good appearance, good talk-
ers; salary and commission. 24 Montgomery
st, room S, 9-11 a. m. .*.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MT-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia Et. ' •
HELP WASTED- MALI!.
AT^cTrThaNSEN & c6! ; S... ?^.V. 104 Geary st
Railroad work for Santa Fe system
Gang of splkers and trackmen $2 25 day
Gang of teamsters $2 25 day
Gang of laborers and iron car men... $2 25 day I
Gang of section hands $1 75 day i
Ship daily Free fare 1
FOR CAL & N. W. R. R. CO ,..
Gang of track layers
Gang of teamsters $2 day
Gang of laborers .'.....$2 day
Ship dally Free fare
.'..FOR S. P. R. R. SYSTEM
Gang of hammersmen $2 25 day
Gang of track ballasters... $1 73 day
Gang of tunnelmen. Inside and outside
$2 to $3 day
Free fare Ship dally
Gang of teamsters and laborers, Truckee....
$1 75 to $2 day
Gang of stonemasons and helpers.... $2-$4 day
FOR STATE OF NEVADA...
10O teamsters and 100 laborers $2 day
FOR BAKERSFIELD
I 100 f cur-horse teamsters $2 25 day
f Regular railroad conductor and telegraph
operator combined, see party here $100 up
Free fare for above railroad jobs
Blacksmith, resort, free fare — $45 and found ¦
12 blacksmiths, country shops and ranches....
$40 and $60 and. found
10 lumber pliers. Placer County. .?35 and found
20 laborers, country sawmills.... $26 and found
20 laborers, woods $30 and found
20 farmers and milkers.. ?30 and $35 and found
6 laborers, repair private racetrack, country
hotel, $150 a day and found Free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, large country hotel $250
Cook, wife and helper, mining boarding-
house, fare paid, see party here $130
. First, second and third cooks, hotel $250
Meat and pastry cook, hotel $80
Second cook, Los Angeles 7 $70
Cook also baker, mining boarding-house,
Nevada, see boss here, free fare $75-$60
. Waiters, resorts and springs $30
Yard and sllvermen, hotel, free fare $25
Polisher, country hotel laundry.. $40 and found
Ironer, hotel laundry, country $35
2 ironers, country laundry $40
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
60 railroad laborers for Ukiah, free fare.
jj FREE FARE
6 harvest hands $2 a day and board
5 lumber pliers $35 a month and board
3 men to feed hay press ..$3 to $4 a day
20 laborers.. $2 a day
5 teamsters $1 25 per day and board
2 milkers $30 per month, 25 cows
8 rough carpenters. $2 60 per day
2 men for surface work, mine... $2 per day
10 sawmill men '.$2 per day
Half fare advanced •.
Edgerman, sawmill, country 35c per hour
Assistant •edgerman, country .25c per hour
YOUNG stenographers and typepriters; man
and wife, easy, place, $30; 5 farmers, $30; 3
milkers, $30; man about place, . $25 and $30;
coachman, $35 ; teamsters, $2 25, $3 and $3 50
day: stableman for milkman, $30; 2 boys to
peddle fruit; driver for milk wagon, $60;
errand boys, $3 day. and others, at J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
MINER, $2 60 day; 4 laborers for road work,
$2 60 day; 4 laborers for mine, $2 day and fare
advanced for all. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st. . .
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, S23 Kearny st.
60 R. R. .laborers, Uklah and Santa Barbara,
free fare; 60 laborers, lumber mill, ship Fri-
day; 20 laborers, 20. teamsters, $2 25. .fare
$1 20; floor man for horseshoe shop; $2 50. • ¦
COOK and wife as housekeeper for miners'
boarding house, $90; see party' here: • fares
paid: also helper for kitchen, $40.' MRS. M.
. E. DAY, 335 Geary.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r.-12.—
- Bellboys, . $10 ; 2 dishwashers . for resort, $25;
yardman, $30; 2 colored waiters. $30. . .
"WANTED — At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers;. also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
j Free employment. 927 Market St.. room- 207.
-I. LESS, Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending over coast
and Hawaiian Islands; if mutually agreeable
% party may purchase % interest of this branch;
state experience, ability, age, etc.- A. B., box
3754, Call offlce. .
YOUNG man wanted for outside work In city;
salary $60 monthly; commission and expenses;
must be energetic and in position to invest
few hundred dollars (returnable) ; exceptional
opening for right man. Address box 4474, Call;
WANTED— Experienced steward and responsi-
ble, lady, cashier for restaurant; also cooks,
waiters, waitresses and dishwashers; register
at once; no fee. 127 Mason st. ¦-..••
SALESMAN . wanted . experienced In the hand-
ling of gloves and ribbons at retail; state last
position. . Address P. N. & CO.; box 3755,, Call.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. -F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.- ¦ . • . /
HELP WAKTED— '3IALE — Con. _
A—MURRAY & READY... :..Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Uklah Uklah
Free — Fare— Free
Cal. N. W. Ry Santa Fe R- R-
Free — Fare — Free
..Los Angeles and Santa. Barbara Divisions..
..:... ....S. P. R. R. Ca's own work
150 teamsters and laborers. Ukiah $2 day
50 laborers, all dlv. Santa Fe R. R...J1 75 day
50 laborers. S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work. Lof
Angeles and Santa Barbara dlv.. $1 73 to $2 2a
a day ¦¦
Free fare -3-.U offlce fee
MECHANICAL HELP
Painter and kalsominer for institution
$52 and found
Rough carpenter for an Institution
$32 50 and found
Carpenter, rough work, country... $75
Woodworker, $2 50 a day Gand edgerman
Blacksmith, chop. 50 cents fare $3 a day
2 blacksmiths' helpers, ranch $3j
Blacksmith and helper, same ranch. $45 anu
$30 and found; can solderer; man to run
capping machine
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
.Laborers, teamsters, lumber . men
25 laborers. Electric Power Co. 's work... $67 60
10 more laborers. 8 hours' work $2 cay
10 laborers to cut brush for a large company
$37 50 and found. $125 fare; long Job
600 laborers, city and country
$175 to $2 50 day
10 laborers, dig sewers, long- Job $2 day
15 teamsters, new work $2 and $2 25 day
10 teamsters, 90c fare J2 day
10 lumber pliers, sawmill company.. $35 and fd
10 laborers, no experience required to work
in mills and yards, . sawmill company
$26 and found
25 laborers, mills, yards and woods
...:.-.. ..$26 to $40 and found
10 woodsmen, 2 graders $67 50
Powder men end drillers $2 25 and $2 60 day
Agricultural Miscellaneous
25 farmers, steady jobs $25 and $.">0
67 hay press men and harvest hands, $1 50 to
$2 50 a day; 5 teamsters, large ranch; 6 chore-
mea and boys; 2 milkers, north, $35; 17 milk-
ers, different dairies, $30 to $40; stableman,
small place, $25 and found; bakery wagon
driver, country, $35 and found; boys for fac-
tories. 14 and $5 a week; 2 butchers and drive
Wagons, near city, $25-$30; hostler, near city.
$30; 10 warehousemen. $3 day; 5 teamsters.
$2, $3 and $4 day.
MARRIED HELP .....
Man and wife, small fruit farm $45 and fd
Farmer and -wife $50 and found
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC.. .......
15 cooks, city and country: chef and second
cook, same place $100 and found; tamale
maker; second bakers, country, $25 and $30:
3 ranch cooks, $20 and $25; 2 camp waiters;
clerk for bakery; 7 waiters, country: milk
wagon driver, city; cabin boy. $25 and found;
colored second cook for a boat. $30 and found;
cook, camp, few men, $20; porter, $20; night
cook. $10 week. ' . .
Working foreman, small farm, see boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
WANTED— Trustworthy man partner with
respectable lady in. No. 1 cash business;
clears $200 per month; $150' required. 323
Kearny St., room 495.
WANTED— A good bread foreman; also young
man. to help in cake bakery; must have ex-
perience. 911% Larkin st. .
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman. In a
paying offlce business; small capital. Box
4475. Call offlce. .
Young man, exper'd, wholesale produce sales-
man ; gilt edge ret. ;state salary. Box 22S5. Call.
BRIGHT joung boy. HYMAN BROS.. 12 Mont-
gomery st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st. '
COATMAKERS wanted. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 641 Market st.
WANTED— Chef cook for restaurant: call at
once; no fee. 127 Mason st
WANTED — An experienced shoe salesman. Ap-
ply at California Shoe Co., 1506 Market st
BUSHELMAN wanted: steady Job; good
wages. PAUSON & CO.. 200 Kearny st.
WANTED— An errand boy. GOLDSTEIN &-
CO., 733 Market st. - -
WANTED— A wide-awake errand boy. WIES-
TER & CO., 22 Second st
WANTED — Union man who can cook short or-
ders and wait on table. 700 Mission st
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 537 Brannan.
A WOMAN wants man partner in poultry busi-
ness. 30 Hannah st, Oakland.
UNDERPRESSER on pants wanted by S. N.
WOOD & CO. Apply at factcry. 27 Geary fct.
WANTED— Experienced coal miners. Apply
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021% Market st.
between Sixth and Seventh.
BOY about 16 or 17 years old to assist in bar-
room at 2340 Mason st. • . • • . i
EXPERIENCED cigar salesman for city or
countryj ¦ must give bonds. Box 3833, Call.
PRESSMAN. BUSH. Call 565 Geary st.
FOR sale— 2-chalr barber shop. 122% East st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examina-
tions and diplomas given free: complete out-
fit of tools donated: wages while learning;
more calls for our graduates than can be sup-
plied; call or write at once for free catalogue
and special offer. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
ATTENTION — "Wanted men at once to learn
the barber trade: In 8 weeks we make you a
Journeyman barber; we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
secure you a position; outfit of tools free;
having 100 applications for help we offer tui-
tion almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
lege. 741 Howard 6t. ¦ -
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet X
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
offlce, 40 EHis St.. San Francisco.
BARBERS, attention — The proprietor of the
ehop at 1C5 Fourth st. having failed to keep
regulation hours Journeymen who accept em-
ployment there are hereby notified that they '
will be barred from working in all 10c shops
conducted by members of the Pacific Coast
- Barbers' Association. L. M. GILLETT, Pres.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
¦ runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
"WANTED — Sober, steady German as driver for
bakery wagon: must have experience; good
wages; state former employment Box 3875.
Call offlce.
"WANTED— A young university graduate who
understands stenography. Apply MTSELL-
ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay et.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post Noi. 2°
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market!
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 69
Columbian building.
QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply at 232 Mont-
. gomery st
SNAP — 2-chalr barber shop for sale for $30 on
account of sickness. 688 Fourth st.
GOOD boy wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st
GET your shoes halt-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. .563 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order; $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12tt Ellis st.
MCDONALD & PERRY have. E 00 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
WANTED— A good photographer and router.
Address box 4438. Call offlce.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1. up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH ofBce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lc^
Valencia st. ' . ,-^;-
J HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and .nervous diseases — A few select
I cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sanl-
tarlum, 230 Douglas st, San Francisco.
, HOUSES TO LET.
A—pS^T^S^Tisthouaes^o^ttTeend i" for" cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HORSES ASP WAGONS.
40 HORSES for • sale; also ! wagons buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcads Horse Market*
J27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— Carriage horse or work anywhere -
price $85; weight 1350. Apply 1313 Grove st.
FOR sale-Campinff wagon, light team and
harness. 1202 Mission st, room 2.
HORSE, $20: horse. $30; large torse. $60; bug-y '
$30; cart. $10. 21 City Hall ave. ou °sy.
40^. HEAD of work and driving horses; 3 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. '. ;r-
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, i
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission stl j
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light i
_- camping wagon, _ for sale cheap. 632 Mission. |
. . HORSES WASTED.
HOUSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or" five months' work.. Apply at 28 Montgom-
ery st. room 25.
LOST AXD POUSD.
LOST— Wednesday, transferring from Ellis to
Powell st. cars, purse containing 2 rings,
locket, gold thimble and some small change.
Finder will receive suitable reward by return-
ing same to owner. 401%- Clayton st.
LOST — Between Haas* candy store and Lotta
Fountain, purse containing- sum of money,
bunch keys. Return to 7S0 Pine st: reward.
LOST— Lady's diamond-studded gold watch
marked MINNIE HOWELL. Liberal reward
for its return to Hughes House. 211 Third St..
this city* or Rushvllle. Illinois.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
MATKI3IO.M.4X.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list MRS-HERTZ. 706 Ellla
MATTItKSSKS AM) fllAOttS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU st:
tel. Bash 421. -
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of te-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnata
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
Etant relief for all female complaints: the.
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 112?
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale'ig
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post si
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladies" specialist; 2»
years* successful practice; guar. treatment at
offlce; any aliment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all femals
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
Dr and Mrs. Davies. 1223 Market: our regulator
Is a treatment that Has brought health and.
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
offlce treatment guaranteed: strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DAVTE3*
original method of treatment: • maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Ftllmor*
:*) MCTE8 A.XD Mixing.
EXCEPTIONAL MINING OPPORTUNITY.
Capital Is needed to work ore in aT group oS
thoroughly developed gold mines of large ex-
tent and undoubted value; tunnels, shafts
and drifts, already completed expose vast
bodies of valuable ore on the mother lode;
no holstlne or pumping: free water rights;
cash required. $20,000, for which a liberal in-
terest in the. mines will be given: Immense
Incomes are derived from neighboring mines
on the same lode. 321 Phelan bldg.
MINING properties for sale; rich gold bearing
quartz proposition. Apply Prospect, box 4473,
Call offlce.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.,
Graphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones. $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophonea
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes. 5. 10, 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators: 4 sets hoisting works; steam,
and water power; J. B. Jardine, 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits', $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Three black and tan dogs. 713 Mi«-
sion st.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
F«>R sale— Fine collection minerals and coins.
1C6GU Howard st.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st.
WE pay big prices for ladies* sealskins. Port-
N land Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THE!
WALTZ SAFE.-- 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
FAIRBANKS* 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and Sd-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post gt.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tho
UniteJ States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. • ¦
MISCELLANEOUS WA5TS.
WANTED— Puppies ¦ less than a week old. of
large breed. 920 Howard st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at.: tel. Folsom 2523.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
makes loans on second mortgages, undivided
interests in estates, etc.; also large or small
loans on good ranches; If your property Is
mortgaged and you need more money, doa't
fall to see me; lowest rates; quickest settle-
ments; financial problems of all sorts and
sizes solved by HERMAN MUEPHSr «3»
Market st
AA-MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY '
$3C0,C00 at 6 per cent In sums to suit City A
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. JUAN«
HATTAK LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT «
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN U»
... — .... 21 Montgomery St.. room 3 ..........
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will los»
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 908 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; I per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate,. interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur--
itles. manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 9(8 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no brokar-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market »t. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond?,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
MONET loaned salaried people withou i security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants* Ex.. 431 California.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal:
low rate; strictly private. lUck. 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room SI.. 6 Eddy »t-
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. 3-
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building^
LOANS money on salary; no indorser- Eastern
plan. Westerp Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
J10O.00O TO loan on real estate* or for buildias;
low rate. 222 Sansome gt., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. . - : >¦
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 809 Examiner buUdtn*.; - Agnes Barrett to California Fire Works Com-"
pany of San Francisco (Ltd.),- lot on N line of
Edward and . Mary L. Coleman to .^United
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company; lot on
N lino* of Point Lobos avenue, 75 W of Nine
tee ntn.W 20. N 120. AV 25. N 77. E 45, S 197; $10.
Douglass ' W. - and Ellen ¦ S. ; Montgomery - to
William Conlan. lot onE line of Twenty-Sev
enth avenue, 321 S of Point Lobos, S 28 by E
120: $10/ .••.-¦- '¦¦- - 1'-- ¦-!.- "••¦¦¦.¦¦¦¦ - ¦¦ . -
Albert N. and Ellen S: Tucker to Edward C.
Harrison, lot ? on SE line . of Sears street, | 100
SW of r Sherman ' avenue. *. SW 25 by SE 100,
block 9, West Endmap 2; $10. '¦-.. ;
; Edward' CX- and Mary G. Harrison ; to Mar
garet L."- Morgan (wife ' of H. H.)," same;. $10. I
Masonic '. Cemetery ...Association ¦¦<- to '•¦ Martha
James, lot in Masonic -Cemetery; $103. ¦ - v
* Faust' E, , and Maria Mascherinl to Nellie
Bond (wife of I Alexander), lot , on . 13 line of
Jones street, 45:10 S of Vallejo, S 45:10 by E
58:9; $10. , . ¦
Samuel - E. Goodall to Charles M. Goodall,
lot on SW line of Sixth street,' 225 NW of Bran
nan. NW 50 by . SW 160; ! $10- '
Joseph B_ and Mabel L. ; Coryell to Southern
Pacific Company, lot op r NW ,' line of . Army
street (Cofusa) and i Pennsylvania avenue, N
100 ¦ by <AV! 100; also lot on NW line of Salinas
and. Gould- streets,. NE 75 by NW 100, block 3,
Garden Tract Homestead; $10.
Frank J. and Fanny E. Fuller to Thomas R.
Morse, lot on E line of /Castro street, 51:6 S of
Army, S 25, by E 118; $10. -, ..
k Burchard H. Schunhoff to Lydia M. Schun
'fcoff, lot on E line of Guerrero street. 167:9 S
of Twenty-fourth, S 23 by E 110: gift.-
. Emma L^ and Charles E. Ehmann to Mark
and Hannah Meyer, Sarah Solomon and Minna
Newfleld, same; S10. .
Mark and 'Hannah Meyer, Sarah Solomon
(Ne\vHeld) and Minna Newfleld to Emma L.
Ehmann, lot on N line of. Page street, 131:3 W
of Ashbury.- W 50 by N 137:6; $3500.'...
Eben B. Willams to 1 Bay City Building and
Loan Assocfatlon, lot on W line of Cook street,
450 N of Point Lobos avenue, itf 25 by W 120;
525. .- .. ••¦• - ,.- , •
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to John J. O'Brien,
lot on E line. of Lyon street, 80 N of Clay. N
25 by E 81:3; $10.
Peter and Christine M. Iverson to Elizabeth
M. Schenkel, lot on W line of Baker street, 87:«
N of Fulton, N 25 by W 121:10^; $10. .
Edwin and Annie S. Fretwell to Leander S.
Sherman, lot on N line of Green street, 137:6
E of Fillmore, E 1 by N 137:6; $10.
Isador and Ray Schwartz to same, lot on SE
corner of McAllister and Buchanan streets, B
30 by S SO: $10.
W\ L. Harper, Lew B. Douglass ond George
D. Shadburne Jr. to Mary Junker, lot on S line
of McAllister street, 30 E of Buchanan, E 25. S
120, W 65, N 40, E 30, N 80, quitclaim deed; $100.
Mary and Louis Junker to Charles E.. Eh
mann, same; $10. » >, -- . , s
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
- PALACE HOTEL. I
F W Schmidt & w, NY W O H' Martin & w.
A Dallas. M D, NY Reno
E Chambers, Los Ang R J Nathan & w, Cal
R W McKennon, Chgo C E Waite, Hanford
L W Tatum, Chicago i Dr & Mi's Flint, Cal
H V Loving. Louisville J G Fullerton. Minn
Miss E Loving. Ky . T M Fullerton, Minn
Mlsa H H Hardln, Ky E Weiss. Vienna
Mrs T R White, Ky L Bohly, Vienna
Miss E Fetter. Ky Mrs J S Mayfield, Tex
B Wendell & w, Cal Miss M May field, Tex
B -Wendell Jr. Car Mrs B Mayfield, Texas'
M M RaievIIle, Paris' Misfl M Morgan, Texas
Ubric Raieville, Paris B F Brooks, Bkrsfleld
Mme Raieville, Paris H P Nye, Cal :-;;>.
T P Myers, Iowa-^ D Bress, N Y
J O Knox. Iowa Mr & Mrs E W Pack-
F M Jaeger & w, N J ard. NY , .
Gladys Jaeger, N J W G Wilson. Baltimor
O Waldemer, N J L P Hammond & w,
W Ebling & son, N Y Chicago !
P K Gilman, Stanford F M Ogllfay, w & ch,-
H L Langnecker, Cal Kansas City
J Culin, Los Ang. J Hatch. San Jose
W Hohensteln, Germy H J Small. Sacto
O M Henry, Modesto • G M Davidson & w,
R Henry, Modesto Chicago
A Henry, Modesto S B Elklns Jr. W Va
H Bayard, Buffalo E Alexander, Cal
B U Steinnian, Sacto I *^ . -
GRAND HOTEL.
j G McMillan & w, Cal Carrie B Wllliams.N" Y
E. F Weisshar & w, R Luscombe, L Gatos
Palo Alto M Abram, Santa Crua
F H Banes. San Jds« C W Pyle, Kan City
D C Kalston. Detroit Jennie Rosaiter, Wi»
G R Watson. Ill C W Adams. Cal
E Levy. San Rafael Miss Smith. '.Seattle
Dr Rulison, Reno Mrs Sadler, ISeattie -
W D Madigan. Stocktn F K Towne l& w, Cal
R C Hayes. Alameda C T B Jonei '& w. L A
J S Reid. San -Diego C T Green. • Bakersfle'ld
C F Wessels, Portland' E N Clark & w, Cal
W H Kiestler. Ohio. J H Batcher, Sacto
T Langford, Eureka F G Fay. Sacto •
Mrs-C Felt. Eureka- W Merritt. N T-
Miss G Kellogg, .Cal- Mrs C W Keeney, Mass
E Felt, Stockton Miss Mason, . Cal
L P St Clair, w & d. R T Wheeler. Stockton
Bakersfield • ; '¦ ¦ E A Gilbert, Sacto- ¦
P H Mack, Los Ang G W -Thorn, Colo
F E 'Harris. Ohio F W Guild & w, Ariz
S Storrow, Los Ang F H Macartney. Phila
A G Wigeland. Chicago C McAdory & w. Ala
E J Barnes, NY. G I-aw &w, K City
R T.Klpp. NY.- ' . A E Boynton, Oroville
B S Cook, Portland W Morshead, London
Jennie Filer. Los Ang AC Pr&sley, Racine
M Diepenbrock. Sacto L Parker, San Miguel
Myra-Wolcott. -Chicago Dr L E Cross. Stktn
MUs R Harrison; N Y ¦ . - .
. NEW. WESTERN HOTEL.
J Narure, Oakland T J Coyne. Phila
J'Mulroy, Ingleslde J J Cronkhlte, Fresno
J Wallas. London . H-W Colebrook & w,
C; O'Brien, .Tacoma - Los Angeles - - / ¦ ¦
L Ratto,' Bakersfleldi L G Adams & w, Iowa
F, Smith & w, Mich F Franke, Santa Rosa
S J S Johnson & w, J A Mulcahy, Tacoma
; - Denver .. CO Bean, Tacoma
A Sehlndee. Seattle ¦ E E Campbell, Mo
J McCloskey. Queens- Mrs R E Byron, Colo ;
.land »,'-. • Mrs P Dnugh," Seattle.'
A Thunrfow & . w, " ' C R Hlldebrand & w,
Sydney ¦ . Boise
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 24— Schr
Bartlett. from Bristol Bay; brig Tanner, from
Honolulu ; schr Muriel, from Petropaulovskl ;
schr Wm Bowden, from Port Townsend. .
NOYO— Sailed July 24— Stmr Victoria, for
Guayaquil. \ - '
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 24— Stmr Se
quoia, hence July 23. .
NEAH BAY— Passed out July 24— Schr Wm
Olsen, for Lahaina.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 24— Stmr Wae«
land. from Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 24— Stmr Bt
Louis, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 24— Stmr Teuton
ic, from Liverpool. •¦ '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LATE. SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.^
Open for All.
You can buy round-trip tickets to Stockton
Saturday. July 27th. and return Sunday or Mon
day. Only costs $2.00. Santa Fe trains leave
7:20 a. m., 4:20 p. m. and 3 p. m.
Henri Marx (owner) with E. Coleman (con
tractor), architect, M. J. Lyon— Movmg brick
wprk, alterations, plumbing, carpenter wort,
glass • glazing, sewers, bulkheading. lathing,
plastering, millwork, brickwork and paintins
for three houses at Nos_ 200-t. 2006 and 2fl«3
Jackson street, to be moved to S line of Filbert.
95 E of Lasruna, S 120, E 55, N 1C0. j- 55 to be
ginning; $256tt—
17 and 18. block N, Railroad Homestead Asso
ciation; $1600.
John Laird (owner) with Daniel Einstein
(contractor and architect)— All . work for a
three-story frame building (flats) on SE line of
Washington and Lyons streets. S 100:tV 3 by E
31:3: $11,000.
Ida Brown (owner) with XT. C. Lynch (con
tractor), architect M. J. Lyon— Certain alter
ations and additions and changes in main hall
of residence now beinj erected, on W line of
Van Ness avenue. 90:6 N of Broadway, — «.
W 105:3. S 47. E 105:3.
E.>Jk f . Sturge (owner) with William Plant
(contractor), architect T. Paterson Ross— All
work for a two-story and basement frame —
buildins -en W line of Buchanan street. SO S
of Waller, S 28:6 by-W 90; $316D.
Eugene Robinet (owner) with Fennell Bros,
(contractors), architects Deplerre & Righetti—
All work for brick under-pinnin? of westerly
wall of building on E line »f Fourth street. 50
S of Clementina. 23x70; $1C97.
Builders' Contracts.
Bernard Lynch (owner) with P. J. Donohue
(contractor)— All work for a one-story and
basement frame building on N line of Fara
llones* street, 400 E of Plymouth, 50x125. lots
1 Elizabeth and August F. * Kuick to George
Gehrlg, lot on E line of Broadway, 200 N of
Lincoln avenue, N 50 by E 206. map part of
Hayes and Caperton property, Alameda; $.10.
Edward H. Sheldon to George A. Douglass,
lot on SW line of East Twenty-second street.
118:10 NW' of Twenty-fourth avenue, Nff 35
by SW 150, portion of block G, $iap of sub
division 50 Associates' Tract, East Oakland;
jio. ..'•;••¦.
James P. Taylor to James Dunsmulr, all In
terest In* lot on E line of Franklin, street, 75
S of First, S 125 E 200, N 100. W 75, N 100,
W 25, S 75, W 100, Oakland; also lots 6 to 8,
block 672, map of Glascock Tract. Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth A. K. McNeill and Catherine Ken
nedy (both widows) to Henry Root, 4 acres be
ginning on NW line of Valdez street at SB
corner of 5-acre tract of California Cotton
Mills. NW 435.6, SW along S extremity of
Twenty-second avenue,, etc., to patent line of
Antonio Maria Peralta Kancho. etc.,' S along
said line to intersection , N boundary of Shell
Mound Tract. NE to intersection W line or
Valdez street, N 40, NE 65 ,to beginning, por
tion of Antonio Maria Peralta portion Kancho
de San Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
* Land and Development Company to Julius
H. and Magdallna Pinkert, Catherine ' Neldels
trasser and Maria Heiberger. lot on E line of
Holden street, 260 N of Park avenue, N 50 by
E 133, portion of block 22, map of plat 6, Kel
lersberger's t survey V. and D. Peralta Kancho.
Oakland Township: $10. ¦ ¦
Kate Kennelly (wife of James Edward) to
Mary W. Stevens, all interest in lot 11, map
of Twitchell Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Annie E. Hamilton (widow), Frances A; and
Earle G. Hamilton to F. C. MSUhews. lot 2.
block 14, Oak Shade Tract. Alameda; $50.
F. C. and Maria Mathews to Sarah J. Bryan
(wife of A. M.). same; $10.
Agnes F. and William C. Gibbs to P. Lau
ridsen. lots 19 to 22, block 36. Kellersberger's
map, Oakland; $10.
• Aaron C. and Rabecca J. Ford to A. A. Doo
little. N 20 feet of lot 17, Dow and Thomas
Tract. East Oakland; gift. ,,
Oakland Bank of Savings to Emma F. Ca
hill (wife of Patrick), lots 1 and 2. block C,
and 1 and 2, block E, map of J. E. McElrath
Tract, portion of Ranchos V. and D. Peralta.
Oakland; $1000.
Alfred H. Blow and Mary V. Well (Blow),
trustees under deed of Mary A. Blow and John
R. Glascock (individually) to Union Savings
Bank all interest In lots 11 to 13, 16 to 27, 31 to
33, 35 to 43, block. 671, lot 1. block 672. all of
block 673, lots 2 to 4, 6 to 11, 19 to 21. 23 to 27,
29 to 35, 38 to 41, block 674. lots 1 to 11. 17 and
22 and portion of lot 23, lying E of Watts Tract,
lots 25 to 31 block 683, N 50 feet of lots 6 to 10,
block 669. lots 3, 4. 5, 49 to 51. block 670, map
of Glascock Tract, Oakland ; $10.
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to William
A. Merrill, lot on E line of College avenue, 120
S of Kearney street, S 60 by E 135, Berkeley;
$10. ¦
Ludwlg P. or Ludwlg Melnhelt to Catharlna
Melnheit. lot 8, block A, Berkeley property,
maps 1 and 2, Blake Tract, Berkeley; also lot
91, map of Potter Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Marie Werner, widow, and Gertrude M.
Prlnz (Hoyt, by Marie Werner, attorney) to
Edward Clemensen, all interest in lot on E
line of Harper street, 100 N of Fairvlew, N
13.26, E 80, S 33.26, W 40, N 20 and W 40 to be
ginning, being portion of lot 10, .map of Werner
Tract, Berkeley; $10. - ' ¦ -
Mary A. Hopkinson (widow). Alexander and
Cora L. Bunney (Hyde) to Rose E. Chappe
(wife of Joseph), lot .on E line of Union street,
160 N of Bancroft way; E 110 by N 40, portion
of block 2, P. C. Rector's survey of Villa Lots
adjacent to University on S, Berkeley; $10.
Joseph Chappe (married) to Rose E. . Chappe,
same, Berkeley; $100.
Elizabeth A. K. McNeill (widow) to Henry
Root, SW 30 feet of lots 9 to 11, block 3, redlvi
sion of blocks 1 and 3, Kennedy Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10. • •
Delia M. and Thomas Sweetman to Grace M.
Cassidy, all interest in lot on S line of Stewart
street, where same intersects NE corner of
right of way of Laundry Farm Electric Rail
road. E 308, ,S 234, W 308. N to beginning, por
tion of lot 10, Brooklyn. Land Company. Brook
lyn Township; $10. ¦ . - •
Catherine Kennedy to Henry Root, SW SO
feet of lots 7 and 8. block 3, redlvision of blocks
1 and 3, Kennedy Tract, Brooklyn Township;
.$10.
Carrie A. Templeton to Laura S. Templeton.
lots 30, 77 and 78, block M, Lynn Homestead
Tract, East Oakland; $600. *
Alameda County.
Odd Fellows' • Cemetery Association to Theo
dore Althof, lot in Odd Fellows' Cemetery; $135.
' Same to John and Johanna Manchester, same;
$135. ' •
Sixteenth avenue, 325 E of L street (South), E
50 by N 100; $10. ...-.«>.. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, T^RSDAY;; JULY 25, 1901. '
11
ROOMS FOR" HOUSEKEEPING-^-Con.
MORRIS ave., 113, near Bryant— 2 unfurnished
rocms for housekeeping; rent $5. ¦-. :
NEW modern apartment housoj suites 2 3 and
b rooms for housekeeping; electric lights: gas
ranges; baths. The Malar Flats, £31 Turk st.
OAK, 119— Two- front basement rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; yard; ; running
water; $10. - ¦. , ; '._. --¦-¦;
OCTAVIA. 14C3— Sunny bay-window room and
kitphen; gas stove; rooms partly furnished;
cheap. " ' ¦•• ¦¦'-•¦¦•
POLKf 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping. $15 up; reference..
POWELL/ 115%— Two unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; in the rear. ' ., ¦ . ' .
SACRAMENTO. 1514— One or two . very desir-
able, clean, . nicely furnished rooms; private
residence; light housekpg. allowed If desired.
SEVENTH, 304— Newly furnished bay-window
parlor: large closet; gas; light housekeeping;
reasonable. , . , . - . . •••
SHIPLKY. 260—3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent ?S 0O.> •
TURK," 613—2 rooms furnished for housekeep-
i ing, 512; 1 large unfurnished room. Apply
from 1 to 2. -
J A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦"¦' -• / '¦
J CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET- — Furn. and Unfarn.
AH LBORN~15bTEL"rsai Gr^raveT^esT$l~a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
• ' 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to ?5 per werk, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 2i6 Third— 200 rooms, newly
'renovated; 23c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BRODERICK, 1311, bet. Geary and O'Farrell—
Three unfurnished rooms suitable for light
housekeeping.
BURNETT^ 142G Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; al3O unfurnished.
CHATTANOOGA, 106— Furnished rooms; light
housekeeping if desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Parlor suite for doctor or profes-
sional man; also single and double rooms.
FELL, 255 — Nicely furnished room; use of
kitchen fcr light housekeeping If desired.
FOLSOSI, S20, near Fourth— Nicely furnished
rooms to rent," $1 per week. . . -
*1 A WEEK— Sunny furnished room; also .one
front room, closet, bath, $1 20. 834 Folsom st.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Et., near Market— Central location; new buildr,
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
LAGUNA, 1131. opposite Jefferson square— Nice
elegantly furnished rooms. ,- *.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room, 1 or 2 per-
sons; $8; large back room, $7; single room, $4.
MARKET, "1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished room«, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
-furnished; private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.' . ..
MISSION. 1275 — 4 furnished rooms, parlor, 2
front. 2 rear; can arrange for housekeeping.
NICE sunny rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $1 75 to $3 25 a week. Apply
at shoe store, 563 Mission st.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 304— Unfurnished sunny' front room
for one person, $5; gas.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE Bachelor, 18 Mason St.— 100 furnished
rooms, 60c up; elevator: electric lights in
every room; return call bells; first-class;
newly furnished and renovated; I central;
quiet: Ewntlemen only." *- " ' -* -•
TWO pleasant sunny front rooms, $6 to $3.
420 McAllister St. • -'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AKD BOARD.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland; unsurpassed family table, 25c per
meal; $4 per w"eek; every accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland.
ALMORA, Twentieth- and Mission: warm belt;
¦new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board: unexcelled. Tel. Church 11 SI.
CALIFORNIA. S07— Stevenson mansion: select
family hotel exceptional table attractive rms.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repelier, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourist?.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 L'eavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms.single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A. WEEK'.S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rattes. In wrapper, for mulling. $1 per year.
ROOSIS AKD DO ARD WANTED.
A YOUNG lady desires breakfast, dinnerTnd
room with a private family residing-' on or
within one block of a car line; references
given and required if location is satisfactory.
Box 3774. Call office.
BOARD and rooms wanted for family of
four adults near Park Panhandle. Address,
giylng terms and location. . Box 4457, Call.
V/ ANTED— In Oakland, 1 or 2 furnished house-
keeping rms in private family. 3148 16th. city.
ROOMS WASTED. ¦
WANTED— By lady dermatologist, 2 sunny
connecting rooms; centrally located; refer-
ences exchanged. Box 3945, Call offlce>
SINGLK sunny room by gentleman; state price
and location. Box 3752 Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall;"* at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. tel. 6580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
gultatlpn free. American Dlepensary. 514 Pino.
SEWING MACHINES AN<f SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
office Post and Powell st«.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage "Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st. : tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
>pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
— eell better machines for less money ' than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, S36 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
a*i(l have your - work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 3Q2 Montgomery; tal. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti -trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansomo,
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followinr marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Joseph" B. Ford, IL Oakland, and Lola J.
Kennedy, 18. Oakland.
Edward D. Roberts, 38, city, and Honor E.
McNiff, 29, City. . - . ¦ ; -
Louis Brier. 40. Dawson City, and Mary L.
'Widrln, 21, 766 Geary street.
Demetrios George, 29, 21 Ninth street, and
Marie Schutte, 35, 21 Ninth street.
¦ Nathan Levin, 28, Santa' Rosa,- and Llllie
Seligman, 24, 2009% Devisadero street.
Eugene G. Wels,'24, 293a Sixteenth street, and
M.'- Esther Griffith, 19, 2919 Sixteenth street.- .
Hugh P. Draper/ 31, 19U McAllister street,
and Amelia L.. Boeken. SO. - 1911 McAllister st.
¦ August Mollath, .26, 445 Greenwich street, and
Mamie C. W-arren, 18, 75 Oregon street." - --¦
> Robert J. A. Weir, -21, 2228 Sutter street,' and
Stella G. Burnell.121,'3610A-. Sixteenth street.
j REAL _ ESTATE CITY FOR SA1LE.
I A. M. SPECK & CCXT ~"" "~~
667 MARKET STREET.
Opposite Kearny. Street.
Genuine Bargains in Eest Portion of City.
tlCO.WO— Corjier; 2T5xl37:G; splendid Improve-
ments; rented at $'0O per month.
, &1.C00— Sixth-st. corner; 1^4 blocks from Mar-
I ket; rents $325; line building.
$53,G0fr-Onc-half blcck from the Omhcum;
stores and lodging-house; rent JlCO'net.
S1J.C00— Van Ness ave. corner; 3 frontages; 126
feet frontage: old improvements; rent-
ins for S172; this is an ideal hotel or
• ' sanitarium site.
$40.C0O— Kirst-et. comer; 75 feet front: -whole-
sale and manufacturing district; vicin-
ity new Crocker building.
. JS7.S00— Kills ht.. close to Taylor; new build-
ing; 1 tenant; leased with security;
annual rents about ?2SC0.
$25,000 — BeEt improved north of Market Bt. ; !
close to Geary st. and Grant ave.; 4- j
| story and basement brick building: 40 :
fc-et frontage; rent $170.
I J23.CC0— Business property: 75 feet frontage;
! Ftorea and flats; rents $150.
j $21,000— Inside McAllister st. business property:
i S2:6jc120: 2 frontages: corner 30xS0;
j within 25 feet just sold for $lSfOW).
$10.000— Business property; Howard St.. near
i Fourth: 3-story building: rent $S0.
i 515,000— Hansome-st. corner: wholesale district;
! 35 feet frontage; rents $133. . .
$ll,0C0-Mc^ern flats: rents $140; lot 50x137:5;
' . facing Golden Gate Park.
$7.500 — Four new flats; rents $72; bon-ton dle-
trlct; residence within 330 fest just
sold for J12.500.
$5^00— Corner; S. W. cor. Vallejo and Pierce
ets.; 45x112:6 feet.
A, M. SPECK & CO.. '
667 Market street.
I A RARE DOWNTOWN CORNER INVEST-
! MENT. -
I
J r '
j 1 block from Baldwin Hotel .site and Tivoll
I Nos. 203-211 Mason st.
! 2 stores and 2 lodging-houses;
j CO feet frontare;
I Will pay 6 per cent net on $75,000.
! For further particulars apply to
j A. M. SPECK. 667 Market street.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
j Bargains in Sunset. See them at once.
I Sunset Branch Office, 9th ave./ near H st.
! $500 to $900 each— Graded and sewered; bulld-
J ing up fast: superb view of park and ocean;
i $10 monthly. X
I $1CO. $KG. $200 to $350— Choicest ocean boule-
| vard lots, ready to build on; $5 monthly. ,
$75, flOO to $250— Level lota near Misslon-st.
cars: splendid bargains, for choice homes; $5
monthly.
CHOICEST RICHMOND LOTS./ -
$403 to $SO0 — We never fail to suit; on choic-
est streets; on very easy terms.
$1000. $l£0. $2000 to $3500— Elegant cottages in
Richmond, Sunset and Mission districts; all
bargains; on installments.
SOL GETZ &T3ROTHER.
. 54 Chronicle building.
I 1 , —
CORNER LOT AT REDUCED PRICE.
$1800— Corner Ft. Lobos and 22d aves.. 53x
100; ready to build on; a fine Investment; on
widest thoroughfare in > San Francisco; one
I block from Sutro cars.
; H. E. POEHLMAN. 304 Montgomery 6t.
$6500— TERMS- to suit: handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built,
finished by day work; every possible latest im-
provement: heaters, registers, 6 basins, plate
and art glass windows; marine & park view;
the choicest of any near panhandle; large lot
26:6x100; Fulton St.. nr. Shrader: Hayes or
McAllister st. cars; open from 11 to 4:30.
CONSULTATION FREE.
-We will advise you how to buy and advise
you how to sell, how to put bad tenants out
of your property without expense and collect
your rents. HEALT & GILLESPIE, 630
Market et., opp. Palace Hotel.
j SIX. seven and eight-room cottages: also two
flat houses in block between 17th, 18th. Castro
I and Noe sts.; % cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON, builder.
fCGCO — MAKE offer: nice home of 6 rooms and
bath in best portion of Pacific Heights; lot 25x
127:8U: no agents. Address box 3SS9. Call.
BAT-WINDOW cottage. 5 lots; $1300 cash
or terms. W. MILLERICK, 527 Gates st.. oft
• Cortland ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BE TOUR OWN LANDLORD.
Cottage. 6 rooms, in good condition; conve-
nient to station: large lot: mindmill and
tank; good mater; barn and chicken house;
price $1100; $100 down, $12 50 .per month.
HOME REALTY CO.
GENUINE bargain— Modern 2-story house of 6
rooiriF. bath, etc, on fine corner; central loca-
tion: 2 blocks from station; lot 40x130; about
10 minutes' walk to university; price $2000;
$150 down, balance $20 per month. J HOMK
REALTY CO.
OWNER must cell; make offer — New modern
1%-story house, 6 rooms, bath, etc. ; conveni-
ent to station and stores; lot 40x117; price
$1800; $100 down, $17 50 per month. HOME
REALTY CO. ,
NEW stylish up-to-date house of 8 rooms and
bath; high basement; 3 minutes' walk to
local, half block to electric cars; price $2000;
$200 down, balance $18 monthly.
Take Berkeley train, get oft at Lorin sta-
tion. Office west Bide of railroad tracks. Open
Sundays. ' HOME REALTY CO..
Formerly RUDOLPH. PEP.KIXS & LYON.
No. 148— $8000; 18 rooms; house new and newly
furnished; one of the finest boarding-'
houses in town; one block from U. C.
grounds; the house is full of boarders
at present. - - .
No. 165— $55uO; 14- room house; rented for t years
at $50 per month; this is a good lnvest-
¦ J.'/. •¦'-> ment. . . .
Ne. 185— $2200; new 6- room house; cement walks.
No. 194— $0000: 10-room houae; couth front; lot
£0*130.
S. S. QUACKENffUSH.
Opp. First National Bank, Berkeley.
OKLY $2750— New 7-room houses, complete ' in
•very particular, containing window shade
combination fixtures and the Sunlight water
heater, enabling you to get hot water at any
time daring the day or night without fire;
an tbe eunny side of street and near the
ears. ADply to JOSEPH /. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley station.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada"* one year for $L
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118, BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$259* C ASH; $r monthly— 4-room cottage ; good
veil of water; small barn, chicken shed and
run; S fine lots, 75x100; picket fence; excellent
soil; charming view; best climate; near two
electric car lines; 90-foot boulevard and model
school-house; away from cold winds and fog;
39 families have located here within 8 years;
price, all told. $S50. Call or send for circulars,
4tf Seventh Ft., Broadway station, Oakland.
H. g. -JONES, owner.
33W- CASH. $3<r monthly; up-to-date, modern 3-
etory hoixse of 9 rooms; all conveniences;
large lot. 150 feet deep, on.Frultvale ave.; no
fog* nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told. $2750; will make terms
to suit or discount for cash. 453 Seventh St.,
ocposite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner. .. .
$2&»— 7-ROOM cottage and bath; nice garden
ard fruit trees; near Adellne-st. station;
choicest neighborhood. KOENIG & KROLL.
ieC€ Broadway. . __J
«145$_tjccoME 12%; flats; always renWa; con-
venient to local etttion. KOENIG & KROLL,
loot Broadway. >' - :
OAKLAND ROO5IS AA'P BOARD.
TENTH, 572— Beautiful sunny rooms: for cou-
pleg; home cooking; $20 upward; references.
OA itLAXD FURX ITUR^JFO R S AjLE^^
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
fornitur* dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOSIS FOR HODSEKEEPIKG.
I BROADWAY. '410-412— Th« most elegantly fur-
i nl«hed renny rooms in locality; single and
housekeeping; rents reasonable; first-class at-
tention. . . •_
BROADWAY. 930— $8; 1 or 2 sunny front rooms ;
bath, yard, stationary tubs. ' .
BUENA VISTA ave., 449. near Frederick sL—
5 fur. or unfur. rooms or more; stable; tel,
L."DDY. 8S9— Floor of 4 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; private residence: no children.
EDDY, 133— « or 4 unfurnished sunny roomsS
all conveniences; private residence; no chil-
dreh. , ¦ ''"¦' ¦'"?
EDDY 939 — Unfurnished handsome double par-
lors and three other rooms: splendid location.
FIFTH, 353— i furnished housekeeping, 2 double
beds, $20; also single rooms from $5 up. - •¦.¦' -"
HAIGHT. 2?2 — Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping roona for couple; telephone; ref». ¦
HYDE. 41S— Sunny unfurnished parlors and al-
¦ covo; als» basement suite of 2 or 3 rooms. '
Grows on the island of Ceylon
Extra Fancy Golden Tipped
Orange Pekoe— I teaspoonful
makes 3 cufi>s tea V $2 a 1b
Very Fine Golden Tipped Pekoe.
1 spoonful makes 2^ cups $1.25
Choicest Golden Tipped Flowery
Pekoe. Spoonful makes 2 cups $1.00
Fine Flowery Tipped Orajige
Pekoe. Spoonful makes 1 1^ cups 75c
Choice Ceylon Pekoe Souchong. :
j - 1 spoonful makes 1 y% cups <SOc
Good Flavor Ceylon Souchong.
1 spoonful makes one cup 50c
Very Fine Ceylon Oolong — Better
and stronger than Formosa Oolong 65c
We serve afternoons our $2 Ceylon.
5lb lots^ of tea sent free 100 miles.
Postal and telephone orders receive
prompt attention. \
Ceylon Tea
The finest tea in the world
BUT HOW GOOD
NOT HOW CHEAP!
OCEAH TBAVEIk
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leave Broadway
I Wharf, San Francisco:
pikj. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
WcSSSFSi July 15, 20, 25, 30, August 4.
1 J$R?rC2S>Wfck Change to company's steam-
1 roCesSWI er3 at Seattle.
1 RC^&iSv*! For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
I ggiSH&JrVtv'M C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
L^^maMSSft- Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
V and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
""*** 11 a. m., July 13. 20, 25. 30.
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. 16. 21, 26. 31. Aug. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa. Bar-
bara Pert Lo%Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
For* Los Angeles, calling; at Santa Crna.
Monterey, San- Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer
Corona, Saturdays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta.
Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Saa Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa, Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a, m., 7th each
month. J - .
For further Information obtain company*
The company reserves the right to chang»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
¦without t>revloua notice.
TICKET' OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street <Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Only Ste«xM.»l»lTF» Xilno to
, PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Thronfch ticket? to all
points, all rail «r steamshtn nil rail, a!
LOWEST Zta.TS9. '
STEAMER TICKFTS INCLUDE BERTH tad MSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA
....Sails July 12. 22. August 1. 11. a. 31
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
- Sails July 7, 17. 27, August «. 19. II
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt.,l Montgom'y. a.T.
AMERICAN LINE..
HEW ?0SK.. SOUTHAMPTON. LO'DOK. PABI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork "Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul.... .-August 71 St. Louis Sept. 4
St. Louis August 14 Philadelphia ...Sept 11
Phlladelphia.August 21 St. Paul Sept IS
St. Paul August 28lSt. Louis Sept. 25
RED STAR LINE.
- New York and Antwerp. •
From New York "Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Southwark ......July 31 *Zeeland August 21
•Vaderland ..August 7 Frlesland August 23
Kensington ..August 14 Southward ....Sept. 4
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHA3. I>. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
ES. AMERICA MARTJ... Saturday, Aug. 10, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU..
: Wednesday, September 4. 1901
£S. NIPPON MARU.-Friday, September «. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W ( H. AVERT, General Agent
¦ S '
STEAMER ST. PAUL
NOME,
. Sailing SATURDAY, July 27.
For freight or passage call on or writ* Ct
F. MOORE, 935 Market st. room 6.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. :'---•
ACONCAGUA.. Aug. 61 GUATEMALA... Aug. S3
PERU Aug. -|PALENA. .\.Sept.. 4
¦ These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
i CCUllIC&.oXO. 2"LA"O »•"> SYDNEY,
VVVU1HV *J9W*< V 0U , ECI LWET0 TAm Tt.
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Au?....Thurs.. Aug. 1, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
. Tuesday. Aueust 6. 19 a. in.
S' S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu
1 ; Saturday, August 10, 2 p. m.
JjO.SPSECXELS & BROS. CO., General Agsnts, 327 Market St
eeal f asy OSes, 643 Martat St., to la. 7. Pacific It
PANAMA R. R. 5^ s r
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. *105; Steerage. *«; Meals Free.
'S»S. Ar&yU - sails Mon'ir. Aufc. 12
S. S. Lcelanaw eeV% Monday, Au£. 26
S. S. Ar&yll snl s Tuesday, Sept. 24
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Treisht and passenger office. 330 Market at.
~\F. F. COyXQR, Pacinc Coast Agent.
C0MPA6HTS GENERALS TRANSATLANTIC
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. '
Sailing; every Thursday, instead or
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from cier 42. *3*£S*»
North River, foot of. Morton street; La. Cham-
pagne. August 1; La Gascogne, August S;
JL'Aquliaine. Augus^ 15; La Nonnandle. Au-
**First "class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. J45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
AD \ 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Yor'k' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
\eenta 5 Montscmery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets" sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
. *Twln Screw Exore« Steamera.
BAY 'AND RIVER STEAMERS?
finiTriSv^RO AHD~VALLEJQ.
Steamers. GEN. FRISBIB orMONTICELLO
J:i5 a. m.. S:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun.
day. - Sunday, 9:15 a. m.. 8:30 ¦ p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 13:30 noon. S p. m.. escape
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. ta. - Fare U
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing: and of-
flcu, pier 2. "Mission-at. dock. HATCH BRO&
BIRTHS -MARRMES- DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mali will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and' be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
': V :-' > BOBN.
FOULK— In this city, July 24, 1901, to the wlfg
of G. - H. Foulk. a daughter. -' • ¦ ;
GOLDENBERG— In this city", July 21;- 1901, to
the wife of G. C. Goldenberg, a son. .
McDADK— In this city, July 19, 1901, to the
wife of R. McDade, a daughter.
MUNSTER— In this city, July 20, , 1901, to the
wife of H: Munster, a eon:, .
MARBIED. '
DOUGLAS^-DINAN— In San Ma'teo, July "7,
1901, by the Rev. Father O'Keefe, James C.
Douglas and Mary T. Dinan, both cf San
Francisco. ,^'-> ¦'•¦'.. ' . ¦ - '
, DIED.
Arata, Frank MacDonald, Alice H.
. Barry,- Maurice Metzger v John
. Bayley, Henry E. ' Murphy, Timothy ;: !
Carroll, James H. Naser, John M.
Cleary, Hannah ". O'Sulllvan, Cornelius
Connelly, Martin Peden, William J.
Connolly, i William Richards, Samuel N.
Daley, Eugene . ¦ Rosengarten, Emil . '
. Daws, Mary A. - Schmidt, Chris J. F.
Dorgan, Thomas J. Schnaittacher, Pau-
Gainey, Jane line .
Gargan, Edward Serex, John
Gillice, Charles E. Specht, . Christopher
Harman. Nellie* Sweeney, Hannah ¦"
Hussey, Arthur C. Toner, Sister M.'
Kimball, Mrs. Mary ' Stanislaus J.
McCarty. Luke Vivier. Arthur
McClory, Charles .T
ARATA— In this city, July 21, 1901, Frank, be-
loved husband 'of Maria Arata, father of
Mrs. Charles F. Grondona, brother of James
Arata of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Louis, and Jo-
seph Arata of'Antioch, Cal., and father-in-
law of Charles F. Grondona, a native of
Orero, Italy, aged 55 years. •
¦ iC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Pest and Montgomery streets.
Interment Italian Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. . ¦ ' --~.^-' ...
BARRY— In this city, July. 23, 1901, Maurice,
beloved husband of the late Annie Barry, and
brother of Richard Barry, a native of j the
parish of Carrlgtwohill, County. Cork, Ire-
land. ¦ . • • ' • •
[^Remains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher -Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street. : » ':-¦.¦ ..
BAYLEY— In this city* July 22, 1901, Henry E.
. Bayley, a native of Massachusetts, aged 72
years and 10 months.
CARROLL— In this city, July 22, 1901/ James
¦ H. 'Ctrroll, beloved brother of Mrs. Fred
' Yaiidle and Miss ¦ Mary Carroll of Santa
Rosa, Cal., a native of Beloit, Wis., aged 50
years • 4 months and 29 days. (Sacramento,
Cal., papers please copy.) ..
CFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street,
- th€nce to St. Mary's Church, California and
Dupcnt streets, for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. .
CLEARY— In 'this city, July 22, r 1901, Hannah
Cleary, beloved mother' of John F. Cleary,
1 Mrs. Mary McArdle and Mrs. Alice Carmody, j
a native of Tallow, County Waterford, Ire-^
land, aged 82 years and 2 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her • daughter. Mrs. Alice Carmody,
62S Jessie street, . thence to St. Joseph's
¦ Church, where a solemn requiem mass will 1
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing"at t 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers..
CONNELLY— In this city, July 23, 1901, Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Sabina, and father of
Thomas F. and Sarah Connelly, a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, . aged 75 years
8 rnonths and 13 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2909 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers. *
CONNOLLY— In this city, July 22, 1901, Wil-
liam, brother of Patrick and John: and the
late Maurice Connolly and Mrs.; Thomas
Dower, a native of Prospect -Hall, County
Waterford, Ireland, aged 52 years and 2
months. » - •
E^The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church lor services.*
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DALEY— In this city, July 22, 1901, Eugene,
beloved husband of Norah Daley, father of
Nellie, Jeremiah and Honorah Daley, and
brother of Mrs. Patrick Hagerty and Jere-
mlah Daley, a native .of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 39 years. A.) member, of Court
Garlield of Foresters.
PUTrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & "Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing .at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DAWS— In. this city, July 23, 1901. Mary -Ann.
beloved wife of John Daws, and mother of
Mrs. J. Reid, Mrs. J. Smith, Mrs. A. Dable.
Mrs. A. Reynolds, Mrs. F. Stormfleld and
William Daws, a native of England, aged 74
years 11 months and 11 days. (Grass Valley
papers please copy.)
CyFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, 2126 Mission street. Inter-
• ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. - v
DORGAN— In this city, July 23, 1901, Thomas
J., beloved son of the late William and Han-
nah Dorgan, and brother of George P. Dor-
gan and Mrs. W. F.. Laumeister, a native of
Sp.n Francisco, aged 35 years.
(CTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of tha Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking- Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
GAINEY— In this city. July 23. > 1901, Jane, be-
1 loved wife of John Galney, mother of Walter
J., Genevieve M., Willie F., Gertrude A. and
Herbert E. Galney, and beloved daughter of
Lucy Hogan, a native of St. Johns. New
Brunswick, aeed 40 years.
GARGAN— In this city, July 22, 1901, Edward
Gargan, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. •
GILLICE— In this city, July 24, IDOL at the
residence. 1418 Howard street, Charles Ed-
ward, beloved son of James and Mary Gil-
llce,- and brother of May and Katie Gillice,
a native i of San Francisco, aged 7 years 8
months and 25 days. ¦ ' ,. — -¦
HARMAN— In this city, July 23, 1901, Nellie,
beloved daughter of Thomas D. and the late
Elizabeth Harman. aged 31 years.
. D^TFuneral • services at 10:30 o'clock. - this
day (Thursday), at her late , residence, 963
Union street. .Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HUSSEY— In this city, July 24," 1901, Arthur
Charles Hussey, twin son of Michael and
Mary Hussey, a - native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years.
KIMBALL— In this city. July 22, 1901, Mrs.
Mary B. Kimball, - beloved wife of Charles
H. Kimball. and sister of Captain Rufus C.
Vose and Mrs. H. B. Draper of San Fran-
¦ Cisco and George H. Vose of Oakland, a ria-
- tlve of Aususta, Me.
McCARTY— In Mountain View, Cal., Tuesday.
, July 23, 1901, Luke McCarty, beloved husband
of Delia McCarty, and father of Thomas W.
J., John E. and Clara McCarty, a K native of
Ireland, aged 64 years 11 months and 8 days.
ETFriends and acauaintances are respect-
¦ fully . invited to attend . the funeral, leaving
the residence at 9 o'clock, this day (Thurs-
day), for St. Claire's Church, where a sol-,
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of h!s soul. Interment Santa Clara
Cemetery.
McCLORY— In this city, July 24, 1901, Charles
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. . f
; (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
¦" Telephone South 80.
jambs mcginn, ¦¦¦"-.. I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st, bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
• 27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. VT
HJNEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
> Finest Equlpjn^nt_aj_Mojie£ate_Rates : _^_
CREMATlONy
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
Point Lobos ave., o. F.. Cal. ,
' The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first : day of August, 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION., Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less ' harmful to the: Hying than ¦ the
ashes of their dead. -¦..,¦''.
Permits to cremate will be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Manager. .;
SAW FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice is hereby given
t-»at CHARLES H. JACOB ¦ of the firm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO., funeral direc-
tors . and / embalmers,* 318 Mason street, ; has,
- by order of court, < had his name changed to
CHARLES H. ? J.,- TRUMAN, by reason of
•. which - th«' name - of his -'firm "becomes
. : CHARLES H. ' J.' TRUMAN . & . CO. k - Under
this name be continues to do business at tha
same place. Telephone Main 5213.
MLSICAt, I.VSTROMEXTS.
ALL pianos purchased cf SHERMAN. CLAY
• & CO. may b* exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand i>iano any. lime within
3 y?ais from date of purchase, and have full
ptiem allowed. Xew upright pianos, $6 per
> i.ntli: tome food ji'an'^ sold for $3, $4 anil
P per rr.or.th. SIIKP.MAN, CLAY & CO..
dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
t'.E., K:in l'rancisoo; corner lircadway anj
Thirteenth tt.. Oakland.
A LOW price for a piano is what makes quick
j-cies; n-fcat «ji you v.-*nt better than $75 or
J1CC< or JI.'.0? That's what we are offering.
THE ZENO jMAUVAIS MUSIC OX. 7t» Mar-
kot »^t.
A n.\NO can be rented from us and the rent
api lied on lu purchase; you can rent a
Pecker if ycu want to; we nell on payment*
lhat w'.il sion make the pi^.no . yours. THE
ZK.NO ?.l.\i;VAlS MI>1C CO.. 769 Market Et.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. SSS Market. S. F.
«.tirarc;: E31 Broadway. Oakland.) .
We pe;i the popular pianos of the <*.ay— Stwk.
Everett Packard. Conover. Hardman. Ludwicc.
Baldwin, Valley Gem. Smith TJirnes, Har-
rirtrtor, KfBgsbaty, Jewett and Straube.
Yoii carrot afloirt to buy a viano until you
»*e THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
A BCBPBISr awaits all who «re interested In
the self-playins piano; the Cecilian is the iaU
?¦si and best: you ate invited to our daily
corxycrtr. BYRON UACZT, SOS Post stj.
'"nion ¦*!• asrents Sohroer & Co..
Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Lf-ster. Hamilton and
Fpielman pianos.
ANT piano Fold ky us tmlcea back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
liw«-d on a h*w peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs ycu on!y i"0e a <!ay to bny a
piano from us. KOHLKU & CHASE. SO
O'Farrell et.; ertahlished 1S30.
A LIST of fine seooprt-hand bargains- — 1 Emer-
fon. 1 Hallet & Davi«. 1 Corio«er. 1 Curtar. 1
Pterlinf. ITS. SJJJ. $115. «-tc. ; payments.
BENJ.'CURTAZ & PON. 16 O'Farrell «..
ChlcfceriiF. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, kins: of *elf-players.
ALL mckcr; jrreat bargain; $5Q up; rents Si
up allowed: we want agents; pianos furniWieu
free: you pet fii-Ft money when you eclL
HEINE PIANO CO.. S17 Geary et.
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano war«^©oms row per-
manently located at 21 Tuvk ft., near Junc-
tion Mascn. M-rket & Turk: larerest in city.
ANOTHER cleanins-OKt sale of storage pianos
Bt your own price: $6 installments: no re-
Ffrve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1708 Market st.
STEIN WAY. Ch'.ckerinp. other uprights to close
©Etate. Pierce' s Piano Factory. Market & 11th.
PIANOS J7T. up; Hartman I1W: ChSckertTMt Si.M):
Nieuman 5150. W. C. Hamilton. 6 Flood bldg:.
jTsn RENTS a fine upripht pia?.o: a few left.
gCOTT-CL'KTA7. PIANO CO.. 5«0 Hpyes st.
BIG bargain In elegant standard nprlRht
piano; party leaving. 519 Eddy. nr. Larkln.
TWO upright pianos left on sale: Fisher. $93;
Chfckerinp. S1S5. Room 3S. 217 Geary St.
GOOD record-hand upright for *ale cheap.
FCHMITZ. 16 McAlliFter Et.
A SPLENDID Stemway: uprights. JUS: p!anj»
r»flted K upward. BRTJENN. SOS Post st.
A LARGE !ot cf Focnnd-hand upright piatios
fcr rale cbe&p. HORNUNG'S. SIS MoAllistrr.
A FINE upright piano for sale cb«apv 831 Mc-
Allister St.
erPERIHR violins, zithers, old and new. H?
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and beet in Ameriea^Th- Weekly
Cull. 16 nstPs, sent to any address In the
T*nit«=d States or Canada one year for $1,
pnptege raid.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO I,ET.
riEPK room in r>leasant offloeF. Anoly at
room 15, fifth floor. Mills building.
PACIFIC. S2S— Handsome large eWre, reduced
to $22: also S10 Sansome. etore, rent $6.
. LIGHT, cheerful office*: *1S tng JM. Emma
OIL. v
F<">R sale— A lease on rroven territory adjoin-
ir.s the San Joaauin Co. 47* Parrott bldK. _
OIL tanks, tecond hand, in good order: all
Ti7»«: rhfap. H. S. WHITE. SHi MI«=«joti «t. i
PjUMEBS AM> DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from JJ 50 up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red SSL
PALSISTRY.
tUifc. LAMB, ecienunc palmist; bead and race
reading: lessons given. £17 Jor.es st.
MME GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 ta S- 9-36 llirift sL - I
H. JEROME FOSELLl. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor 6t.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. E'.ack 561.
PERSOXAL.S.
WASTED — Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending over Coast
and Hawaiian Islands. If mutually agreeable
party may purchase ont?-half interest of this
branch. State experience, ability, age, etc.
A. B., Box 3756 Call office.
VLCERS CURED— ricerJr.e <a new discovery),
a product of the Philippine Islands, will posi-
tively cure ulcers of the le£; no dete'ntlon
from business: consultation free at our office.
ULCERIXE CO.. 40 Ellis St.. rooms 18 and 18;
"lake elevator. _ .
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, cal!
en DR. G. S. MOORE, 4S8 Geary $t., and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or tend for circular.
OUR new book free, sealed, fully Illustrated,
treats all conditions of men. how to attain I
"Perfect Manhood;"' should be in the hands
of every male adult. Address ; ERIK ;
MEDICAL CO.. "Book Dept-." Buffalo. N. Y. I
BAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs. Eilk portieres; dealer tn
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowt-it
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
(17 60— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
fl — Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes.. Tel. Folsom 132*.
Searey'e Credit House. 142» Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 4* Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
2Sc to (150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I! WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. 115 up; fine dress eults, $20 up; ele-
irant overcoats. SIS up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S10-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
yearn' experience. J. B. RAT, 836 Mission st.
CURE cure for asthma; Instant relief and posi-
tive cure. Box 2S<7. Call office.
EPAXTSH lessons riven by a native Spanish
teachfer. Bit McAllister gt. .
I5CPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
TAILOR made cults. $7 SO: dress pants. $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
(OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market et.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, vrlgu;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. Ttt Mia.
JDR. LAMOTTETS French Corn Paint, the bert
corn cure; 23c; all druggists. : '< : '-'_
J. WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Can,
1< pcgei. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIASS AXD SCnCEOAS.
TDK. C C. 0'DOK> T ELL-Offlce and rtBidenc*,
1021 Market ct, between Sixth and Seventh.
CH. WONG HIM; herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Maron. nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; s&itariumT
T64-766 Clay gt.; see testimonial! at office,
i»ilk9.> -.;.!;
XEARLT 1000 permanent cure* her*' In you*
mlAst; many who have enSered 20 to 39 years;
over CO names cf prominent business men
eent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and do salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Can
office. 6. F.. CaL - -
REAL ESTATE — COCXTRY — For Sale
-—FOR BALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO -^
Email tracts, $60 to IW per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
6an Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 802 California «t., for pam-
phlets or Information.
330 ACRES. Inland, with wood and creek, for
tale. Addrees box 8M. Csil.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
fre» IlFt. c. R. WRfFlELD. Petalnma. CaL
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LARGE and email houses for sale, l«fs« or
exchange; building- lots And land by acre. J.
Tl'XSTEAP. San Anselmo. •
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
25 HOUSES end iots from f100 to J20.000: 100
ranches, all sizes. - from $460 to J40.000; 25
ctores and businoe* places, jso to $60(A. To
t>uy. 6«*!I or exchange anything see H. C.
DECKER. 10:o Market et. ' ,. '
REAL ESTATK WANTED. ; ."
"WANTED— By responsible parties, ranch on
shares. Call or address »CJ .Thirtjr-eighth et.,
Oakland
[C^Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30- o'clock, from the" resi-
dence of his sister, -938 Jackson street, thence
to the French Church of Notre Dame des
Victoires, where services will be held, -thence
to Native Sons' Hall, where services will be
held under the auspices of California Par-
lor No. . 1, N. . S. G. W.
IC^To-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock, a sol-
emn requiem mass will be offered .in the
¦ convent- chapel for. the repose of her soul.
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VIVIER— In this city. - July 23, 1901, Arthur
/Vivier, brother of Mrs. R. Laviime, Mrs. H.
Donohue and " Mrs. "H. C. Farquharson, a na-
,tlve of San Francisco, aged 44 years 4 months
and 12 days.'
¦ inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth ¦ and Ninth, thence to Sd. Joseph's
Church* for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . < ¦ • ,
TONER— July 24, 1901, at the Presentation Con-
vent, Powell street.^Sister M. Stanislaus Jo-
serih Toner. ' '
$y Notice of funeral in Sunday's paper. '
SWEENEY— In this city, July 23, 1901. Han-
nah Sweeney, beloved sister of Timothy
Sweeney, Mrs. John Troy and Mrs. Jeremiah
Hurley, a native of Macroom, County Cork,
i Ireland, aged 39 years.
tC7Frlends and acquaintances are'respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence, 2004 San Antonio avenue, Alameda.
Interment Mountain -..View. Cemetery. . -.-,
SPECHT-In this city, July 23, 1901, at his
residence, 20 Camp street, Christopher, be-
loved husband of Margaret E. Specht, father
of Bertha M. and Richard C. Soecht, and
¦uncle of F. W. Geiger, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years 1 month and 26 days.
in^Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1913 Van Ness avenue. Interment
at Home of Peace Cemetery, by special train
leaving Third and Townsend streets' at 10:40
o'clock.
SEREX— In Alameda, July 23, 1901, John Serex,
beloved husband of May E. Hopes Serex, and
father of John F. Serex, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 36 years 8 months and 18
days. - .
(CT'Friencls and acquaintances and members
of Burns Lodge No. 68, A. O. U. W., are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 630 Castro street, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth. Interment Mount
Olivet. Cemetery, by carriage. '
SCHNAITTACHER— In this city, July. 23, 1901,
Pauline Schnalttacher, relict of the late Carl
J. ¦ Schnaittacher, beloved mother of Sylvain
and .Edith Schnalttacher, daughter of Mrs.
J Caroline Metzger, and sister of Louis, Morris
and Edward Metzger, a native of New York,
aged 45 years 8 months and 19 days.
J. M. HICKEY, Secretary.- • -
SCHMIDT— In this ; city. July 23, 1901, Chris
J. F. Schmidt, beloved husband of Mathilda
Schmidt, father of Hugo and Clara Schmidt,
and brother of Mrs. P. Hendrlcks, Mrs. J.
Roth, Mrs. J. Strove, Mrs. J. Fitter, Mrs.
T. Nicholson and Henry Schmidt, a native of
Holstein, Germany, aged 59 years 1 month
and 4 days. ¦
ETFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
- (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighth and Harrison streets.
PRECITA Parlor No. 187. N. S. G. W.— To the
Officers and Members of Precita Parlor No.
187, N. S. G.W.: You are hereby notified to
assemble at • the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street^ between Seventh and
Eighth, for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral of our late brother, Emll Albert Rosen-
carten. 7 By order . • . . ¦
. . - . .... \v. C. MILLER, President.'
C3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at' 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1414 Hyde street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy . Cross
Cemetery. . - . ,
ROSENGARTEN— In this city, July 22, 1901,
Emil Albert, dearly beloved and only son of
Marie and the late Emll G. Rqsengarten, a
native of San Francisco. ' aged ¦ 20 years 3
months and 2 days. .A member of Precita
Parlor No. 187, N. S. G. W., and Court Golden
Era No. 36, F. of A.
Cy Funeral this day (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Theodor
Dierks, 957 Mission street, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Masonic Cemetery. _-
NAGER— In Bay View, ' South • San Francisco,
July 24, 1901, at his residence. 515 Charter Oak
" avenue, off San Bruno road, John Marcell
Nager, dearly beloved husband of Cecelia
Naser, beloved father of. Pauline, Minnie,
Louisa and the late Joseph Anton Nager, dnd
beloved brother of Anton Nager, a native of
Andermatt, Canton Uri, Switzerland, S aged
53 years 11 months and 2 days. A 'member of
tit. Joseph's Society. - >
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
jj dence, 515 Charter Oak avenue, off San Bruno
' road, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army
street, near Folsom, where a solemn requiem
hish mass will be . celebrated for the repose
of his soulr commencing at 8:15 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. ' -
O" SULLIVAN— At Weber Creek. El Dorado
. County, Cal., July 23, 1901, Cornelius David,
beloved son of Patrick and Maria O'Sulll-
van, ' and nephew of -John and Patrick
> Tangney, Mary O' Sullivan and Mrs. David
Dillon, a native of Weber Creek. El Dorado
County, Cal., aged. 2 years 5. months and 23
days, i-
ICTFrlends and are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of David Dillon, 1333 Vermont street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ; s
PEDEN— In this, city, July 24, 1901, WillianJ
J., beloved husband of the late Jane.Peden,
.and father of George and William J. Peden
Jr. and Mrs. Neil Cameron, a native of Bel-
fast . Ireland. ¦ - .' •
RICHARDS— In this city, July 22, 1901, Sam-
uel N., beloved son of Elizabeth and the late
Joseph Richards, a native of Forestville, So-
noma County, Cal., aged 23 years 2 months
and 15 days. - • ¦ -
|T3"FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr:& Co.. 1137. Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ¦ Interment I. O.
• O. F. : Cemetery. »., \ '¦- . \ ' . ~
MURPHY-In thi3 city, July 20, 1901, Timothy
Murphy,' beloved husband of : Theresa, and
father of Lea Murphy, a native of Dublin,
..Ireland, aged -48 years.
, J.', dearly beloved ion of John and Ida Mc-
Clory, -brother 'of John,- Alice, Rose and the
late . Charles J.. McClory, and grandson of
Mr. and Mrs. jSC. 'Bartmann, a native of
. San Francisco, aged.. 5 .months and 15 days.
E?"Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), -at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 627 Lyon street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary . Cemetery.- -.
MacDONALD— In Berkeley, July 22, 1901, Alice
,. H.. beloved wife of D. F. MacDonald, and
mother of Hershel H., Evelyn L., Laura A.
and peorge D. MacDonald, a native of v Hol-
com Hill, England, aged 49 years 4 months^
an* 12 days. ¦ .: i *¦..".
CCXFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited, to attend the funeral services
this/ day (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. Grand View Hotel, corner of
Vine street ¦• and 1 Shattuck avenue, . North
Berkeley. Interment; Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland. •
METZGER— In this city, July 23. 1901, John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Metzger, a na-
tive, of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 35 years
4 months and 21 days. . . - : ¦
1143 Market St, bet. 7 & 8 Sts. Tel. Mint 761with two exceptions. Some 300 men are
Involved in this order, and the result will
be a genefal tie-up. Affiliated unions may
be called upon to assist the teamsters
and none can tell where the struggle will
end. . •
This action was uniooked for on the
part of the Brotherhood of Teamsters, for
it has been maintained by the executive
officers that the men were locked out and
did not intend to strike. This action indi
cates that other measures may be taken
to .settle the controversy, but how far
reaching: they may be no one will say.
Outside of a few foolish demonstrations
by ovcrzqalous .teamsters, the day passed
quietly. Although Business Agent Casey
announced on Tuesday night that out of
regard for the orchardists of the State all
fruit and other perishable goods that
needed Immediate attention would be han
dled, a different phase was put upon the
situation yesterday by the refusal of the
few teamsters under hla control to handle
the product. Why this change of base on
Casey's purt took place none seemed, to
The. Draymen's Association is now em
ploying more rigorous measures with, the
Brotherhood of Teamsters.' There are 124
draying firms of the city united- in the
controversy and theyare holding out all
Mounted Police Office.- P. J. Butler
while escorting* a team on Pine and Mont
gomery streets, met with a painful ac
cident. Butler's horse fell and brought
Its rider underneath. The officer was con
veyed >to i'.the Central Emergency. Hospital;,
where .'he was treated by. Dr. Armistead
for a. contused wound of the ' knee. He
was < removed to his residence, 330 Mc-
Allister street, v
The -British 'steamships' Glenlochy and
Oak Branch and the? British ship William
Law, which. came hero in >lm)last, expect
ing to take away a cargo of whea,t, are
lying in the stream awaiting a chance to
load. The British ships Mooltan ' and
Glenesslin, which have been at Port Costa
and came down from, there for the same
purpose, are also' lying in the stream on
account of the labor troubles on the Car
qulnez Straits and in this city. ' • ¦.'•
Ailarge fleet of sugar boats is also tied
up. The barks 'An^y Turner, Olympic and
St. Kathcrine," the* brig Consuelo and
schooners Dora Blum, D. ' W. Watson,.
Mary .Dodge, Mary E. Foster and Transit!
are also in the stream and will not be
alongside the wharf until the troubles are
settled. It is estimated that these vessels
carry about 13,000 tons of sugar. This can
not' be moved until .'the present contro
versy is ended. None | of these vessels
have attempted to go alongside of "the
dock and none will for the present.
4 The porters and packers H employed by
Getz Bros. & Co. went out yesterday in
sympathy with the teamsters. ¦ Their
places were .promptly filled and" their ac
tion was considered at a' meeting* held last
night by the Packers', Porters'- and Ware
housemen's Union, but no conclusion? was
reached. .
Vessels Tied Up by Strike.
While' Officer Alt-Go wan was riding with
a negro driver some lads hurled' stones at
the team, one hitting the officer in the
region of the solar plexus. Tho officer
drew his plBtol.nnd made a brave show
ing: ,- Tho lads who were instrumental In
causing the officer's discomfiture quickly
dispersed at the display of artillery.
A favorite means of crippling teams was
by unscrewing the nuta of the wheolB, and
several Jura wore experienced by tho sud
den dropping of wheels In the midst of a
crowded thoroughfare. Tho mishaps were
common throughout the day.
The Overland Freight and Transfer
Company has secured a number of men
from the I'reuidlo who were formerly en
gaged In hunting Government supplies.
All of those have been sworn in as united
States customs inspectors and will go to
work to-day to relieve the congestion of
Imported freight now in the, bonded docks.
Although the day passed quietly, there
were a number of little things that oc
curred that indicate the possible plan that
is to be followed by the locked out and
striking teamsters. Kvery man who was
willing to work was impressed Into ser
vice by the Draymen's Association and,
under police protection, goods were deliv
ered to warehouses and wharves.
know. Casey was not around headquar
ters, and Secretary McLaughlin had little
explanations to offer.
"We told those fruit men we would han
dle these goods," said he, "but later came
to the conclusion we could not do so with
justice to ourselves. The reasons for this
we are not ready to disclose."
At 1:30 o'clock this morning 1 it was announced by Secretary
McLaughlin of the Brotherhood of Teamsters th?.t all the men re
maining at work, with the exception of those employed by the Pa
cific Transfer Company and the River Express, -would be called out
to-day. This affects about 300 men. An agreement was reached
with the two companies named and mutual concessions were made.
«' Secretary McLaughlin says the figlit has only just commenced, and
that in a day or two will' be seeu its conclusion. •_
MORE TEAMSTERS 'WILL QUIT THIS MORNING
INTEREST in the local labor contro
versy now centers Itself around the
possible action to be taken by the
members of the Car Employes' Union.
A strike is scheduled for Friday or
Saturday. As was printed exclusively in
The Call, some twenty-five men connected
with the various branches of the road
were discharged last week. Manager Vin
ing had a conference with the men on last
.Monday, and they were ordered to report
for work, but as yet have not secured
their old runs.
The matter has since been called to the
attention of the union and in the absence
of ai;y regular meeting a round robin
has been sent' out. In order to strengthen
the cause of the conductors and gripmen,'
the engineers, fireman and others em
ployed in the car Louses have joined
hands. The latter body of workers is
newly organized, but is strong, and as the
men «-HI have the support of their na
tional organization an i the "sympathy of
affiliated bodies throughout the State,
they are prepared to insist upon a com
pliance with their demands. The new
strike order will go into effect either at
noon to-morrow or at the same hour on
Saturday. A sympathetic strike is looked
for in;the cities adjacent to the bay.
The organization of the car employes
embraces nearly every man connected
with' the Market-street system, either as
conductor, gripmau.. motorman. engineer,
fireman or laborer. The organization also
embraces the wime class of men on the
rabl*-, electric and liorse car lines not affil
iated with the Market-street pyptoni
Trope men may go' out. but so far the
trouble Is confined to the Market-street
Railway.
t Strike of the Teamster*.
Early thif nv>rn!r.g ihe executive com
mittee of \hc Brotherhood f ,f Teamster*
dec-Woi! to call out nil the men working
for .tho various tramlns firms of this city
Secretary George Renner of the Dray
men's Association, in an interview yester
day afternoon, stated that every day
since the inception of the trouble the
prospect for ¦ a sp'bedy triumph ftfr the
draymen -has -grown brighter. He said:
"To-day 200 teams were put. to work and
we expect a considerable addition to the
number to-morrow. The merchants are
experiencing no difficulty in having their
merchandise transported to and from the
wharves. In very many instances the
Employers' Will Not- Surrender.
' kinds of Inducements to the men to return
Individually to their work. The teamsters,
however, before being allowed to return
to their former positions must consent to
work for the Morton Draya&e Company
or, any other company that their employ
ers may require. . This is practically the
basis of 'the nresent controversy. "If thu
men agree to accent orders from theh
employers, they will be restored to wo;k
at once, but the employers maintain thai,
no firm must be discriminated against. .
Teamsters Decide to Call Out All Men Now Working and to Bring Struggle to an Early Issue-— Three
Hundred Men Are Affected by This Latest Move and Will Refuse to Handle Any Freight.
CONDUCTORS AND GRIPMEN OF MARKET STREET RAILWAY SUBMIT
DEMANDS TO MANAGERS OF SYSTEM THAT MAY RESULT IN A STRIKE
The members of the Industrial Commit
tee of thi Municipal League are working
energetically in an efforts to bring .about
poace in tho labor world. Their effort *
,are bearing fruit, judging by tho success
the committee met with yesterday -in
arranging conferences between employers
and employes. -
Messrs. N. B. Oreensfeldor, A. NV.
Wehc, Joseph. S. Jordan, Henry Kiihn, A.
Iloborts, S. Haro, O. Rathlo, Rev. J. Nloto,
W. M. WIel, Dr. A. H. Flsk, W.-A. De»
borough, C. Alpers nnd Levingston Jcuk»;
members of tho committee, waited on
Henry T." Scott of the Union Iron Works
and asked him if he would meet his em
ployes with a view to closing the strike.
Scott Informed the gentlemen that he wus
willing to meet a committee of his own
men at any time. The Municipal Lea^uo
committee then notified the Iron Tradoa
Council of Scott's answer and it Is under
stood that a conference between employer
and employes will be held within a lew
davs. • ' ¦ ¦ • . »
Mayor Phelan and the conciliatory com
.mittee were in conference for many hour,?
yesterday. ; The former expressed a-will
ingness to call a meeting of the presidents*
and secretaries of the municipal organiza
tion's of this city just as soon as the com
mittee .thought it advisable. Mayor
Phelan was to have held a "conference
with the Employers' . Association, . Lut
owing to a lack of a quorum, it was de
cided to postpone the meeting until this
morning at 11 o'clock- ': . . •
This evening the Municipal League Com
mittee will meet the members of the
Federation / of Improvement Clubs in
Saratoga'Hall to discuss the advisability
of calling a mass meeting.
HENRY T. SCOTT. WILL
MEET HIS EMPLOYES
V. Pisa, a gunsmith whose place of
business is at 320 Broadway, had an ex
perience yesterday with a dangerous ap
paratus—a shell-loading machine. That'
he was not killed in an explosion that
wrecked a portion of the interior of his
shop and shattered it's windows, as well
as those In adjoining buildings, seems
miraculous. He was seated at tho ma
chine loading cartridges when the powder
chamber exploded, but walked out of
the ruin well and sound, except for a few
minor cutsand bruises.
Pisa was at work feeding powder Into
the empty shells. He had a number of
them already loaded, on a shelf near by,'
when one for some unknown reason ex
ploded. The concussion caused the powder
in tho chamber on the machine to ignite
and Instantly there was a deafening report
and the room filled with smoke. Pisa was
knocked to the floor, but to his surprise
found that ho had not been injured. As
soon as tho smoke cleared 1 away ho
walked to the door and met a large crowd
that had been attracted by the noise, and
then surveyed the wreck of his shop.
Tools had been scattered about in dis
order and woodwork shattered. The iron
of the machine was twisted and separated
and windows were broken. The shock
shook -buildings In the neighborhood and
glass in an adjoining store was also
cracked, -v. • ' \ ¦
A queer-looking contrivance found in
the 'doorway of the saloon of Thomas' F.
Hayden at .Broadway and Kearny street
was turned over to the police yesterday
morning and will be examined by experts.
Captain of Police Wittman has possession
of the supposed infernal machine and aa
yet has no report as to its contents.
The contrivance' was found yesterday
morning by Hayden and John Torrato. a
cigar dealer in the neighborhood, shortly
after 10 o'clock near the doorway of the
saloon. Thinking it might have been left
by somebody and would be taken away
again, they allowed it to remain where it
was found for two hours. No claimant,
however, appeared and the finders carried
it to the counter, where they . made a
hasty examination of it.
1 The box in which the mystery is in
closed is covered with wires. When the
top was unscrewed two small sticks
wrapped in glazed paper were discovered.
It is thought that these may be dynamite
or some high explosive. They were sur
rounded by cotton saturated with some
moist substance, and 'the wires from the
outside '-.of the box connected with them.
Hayden at once notified Captain Witt
man and the machine was transferred to
his office. It was later turned over to ex
perts and an examination will be made.
owners of the teams are holding the
reins, not being able to secure competent
help. We can never afford to surrender
our rights and allow others to dictate our
business to us. We can never treat with
-the brotherhood. • When we hire a man
at ?.T or $3 50 a day, we consider that we
have a perfect right to say where, when
and for whom he shall work. In regard
to the brotherhood's offer to allow their
men to 'return to ¦work on condition that
they be not required to haul for the Mor
ton Drayage Company I will say that we
cannot possibly become a party to any
such an agreement.
"The- major portion of the union drivers
are already dissatisfied with their en
forced Idleness. Just as soon as we are
able to assure the teamsters that they
w'll be amply protected while performing
their work, they will return to. work."
Additional police were on duty all dur
ing: the day, 'and in guarding the teams
that were running succeeded In relieving
In a measure the glut of freight that ac
cumulated.
A dispatch from Petaluma says: /
"Several experienced teamsters from
local transfer companies leave to-morrow
to enter the employ of McNab & Smith
during the strike. They are offered wages
of $12 a day.
"The strike has greatly Interfered with
shipping all along- the line of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway. The com
pany will not take carload lots and sldlngd
and warehouses are stocked with the
large crop of hay. The egg and produce
expressage from this city has been great
ly hampered." , i
It is not probable that the drayage com
panies are offering ?12 a day to teamsters,
as there are enough unemployed local
men to till all places at the regular union
schedule of wages.
A Tew Teamsters Desert.
Despite the fact that great crowds of
the strikers congregated all day yesterday:
along the water front, not the least dis
turbance occurred. As on the preceding
day a few teamsters i were induced to
desert their wagons after .they had
reached the wharf with loads of mer
chandise. This was due entirely to peace
ful persuasion. '
AVhila a large truck belonging to F.
H. Hammer & Co.. shipping and commis
sion merchants at 215-217 Davis street, was
being transported to this city yesterday
afternoon on one of the Oakland boats,
some one unscrewed the nuts from the
rear wheels. , As soon' as the truck
reached this side of the bay and wad
being rolled down East street one of the
wheels came off, disabling the truck, at
the. corner of Mission and'Kast streets, on
the Mission-street car track. A large
crowd soon gathered around the broken
vehicle but not a single person assisted
the teamster to replace tho wheel. The
truck resting on the ear track caused a
Borious blockade of the street cars and
a considerable portion of tho traffic In
the neighborhood.
His Gunstore Wrecked
by Explosion of Shell
Loader. f
Supposed Infernal Machine
' Is Pound in Door^way
PISS ESCAPES
VIOLENT DEATH
>: : THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 25_19O1.
12
>. ¦.. Hale>s. . | 6 ' 8 '
--¦- ¦¦ ¦ ¦ •- • , - - ¦ ' ¦ '
The famous Egyptian writer. -~ , % __ y./gar; *flf7
.SAYfiD MEH1REM, /W
is attracting much attention in his cozy. {JfSftfi 1 {*£-*& &$£*&' vajj^Sr'S
Oriental den, on second floor. The cards, the /gtf/ /off "^
diplomas, the .wedding invitations and such fgf/ "*~^-^gJ^- *-nj\n'+^r
like that he makes are worth going up there | Titj,,^ " uu vwv^^
tf> see. '-¦'•'¦ I ', ' \'.
The New French Poplins $i.
Royal blues, beiges, tans, resedas are the notably new shades.
But the cloth— that's where the beauty lies, so very bright, so well fin-
ished and so firmly, closely woven that it lends itself charmingly to Fashion s
plastic hand — 42 inches wide. - ; Vt' .
Long ago we saw. the popularity of this stuff, and got in our supply
earlier than usual, so that our public could get as much good out of it as pos-
All Next Fall's Velvets Here Now.
Everybody will use velvets. That's why we have ours so soon. " W«
wanted to offer as broad a choosing as we could and ask as little as possible.
We were afraid if we didn't get in first thcre'd bc a scarcity of the best and
prices would go up. ' '-*
Velvet-raakers are already trembling for fear they can't keep up with the
demand. Everything points to higher. prices and narrower choosing.
In the face of this we are delighted to say we have plenty of favorite
sorts' - ¦' - ; ¦' • ¦'•-¦"¦ ' • S"*.V*'
At a Dollar a Yard.
There are fully fifty new variations of shades— new "greens, new tints of
old rose, new browns (tobacs). new castors, delft, porcelain and so on.
See them by all means. ' *
Gold Plate Waist Sets 50c.
The jewelry store is busy. It would be a wonder if it wasn't. Havinar
what you want and not asking as-, much as you had expected to pay is bound
to make an -impression — and-rnajee business.- :.
The 75c Waist Sets 50c, Alarm Clocks 90c.
Are gol'd-pl.ited. with pearl topa and An A-l nickel alarm clock, guaranteed
settings, six pieces to tho set. Usually a perfect timepiece. It's tho "New
they are 73c, now they are 50c. Haven."
Emphatic x&ltfes j7* --,
W&ZM Stilts f> SRirtrs"'
: Right in the height of style and favor— right when the average seller
expects to make fat profits — right when we make ours the leanest — makes a
deeper impression on you of what we can do. So when you have other needs
you're bound to think of us. Pay? Yes.
Wash Suits $4 93. : Duck- Skirts 95c.
•Of llnotte. in changeable effects, with Made in' latest way. trimmed with
l^°l 2v^' B S!j.!Sl d -£i?» nt S'r l hf h wS«lL e * V f e bands ot P lc » ue - Ordinarily they would
and h. se\ en-Korecl skirt. The whole al- . ., «- /-> _ — __. _.„„ _# „_!„!„„ _ n b_>
fair Is trlmmtd with soutache braid— bc n2 °- Our new way oC P rlcln S makes
blues and. ox bloods. them 9oc.
Stylish Chambpa\ Suite $5.95. ' lilnettc Skirts $1.45.
. With sailor collar, front of colored and TOUfc h.Vi'iTT;..". . tr-t-^^.^A
white pique, bishop sleeves, flare skirts. h Z™-^* 1 ?* , flounces. • trimmed
The whole thing is trimmed with white w «* h four rows ot P«P»r.g; colors blue; ox
lace. It is vory pretty. Colors blue, ox blood and gray. Usually sell for $2.00.
blood and gray. \ Our price $1.45. <-£ *
Linen Suits $8.75. Fancy Crash Skirts $1.95.
fr^g; £Sg!S££ Tn^b^u^^d^rt They have graduated -Hounce, and are
are trimmed with stitched bands of trimmed with straps and bands of inser-
whlte pique. tion. ¦ ' • ¦
...$ALEX)F...
Children's
SCHOOE
DRESSES.
' CHILDREN'S PERCALE DRESSES,
nrotellcs over shoulders, gathered ..full at
yoke and waist, Itretellea, neck anil yoke
trimmed-, with Torchon ¦ Luce. bishop
sleeves; deep hem, sizes 2 to « ]AQ.n
years .ftO^
Sites 8 to 10 flQ r
, years ..... - . l.yut
CHILDREN'S DRESSES made Vof best
quality fancy Gingham or Chambray, at-
tractively trimmed with wide linen lace,
full pouch front. *klrt ZM yards wide. 4-
inch hem, sizes 2 to « . _TSEr»
"years .....' ;.' C Ow
Sizes 8,to 14 . i » "Qrir»
years .*.„ t/V^/
WAISTS OF ALL OUR DRESSES FROM
CHEAPEST TO BEST ARE -LINED
THROUGHOUT. •
CLOSING OUT
Children's White Pique Capes, .
Made with double cape and large rolling'
collar and. trimmed with three ruffles of
wide embroidery— entire cape lined "-with
White Marseilles;' $3 quality.' ~fl> ¦ Ckf\
On sale ...;..... .....:.. O I tull
BOYS'. PERCALE • WAISTS— Sizes 2 to
12 years — regular price 25c. x . "''lBT/-»'
Sale price rltJC
CLOSING-OUT SALE OF
Odds and Ends of Embroideries.
From 2 to 8 inches wide— come in - lengths
from 4 to '10 yards each. , Selling -them at'
One-Half regular price.. Sale prices......
.". ...Jlc, Oc, Se, lOc, 12;.£c
WE CLOSEST 6 O'CLOCK?
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
. Between Taylor and Jones. : ;
The Crystal : Hot Sea Baths.
Tubs and swimming. Best ! tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. ' Bay St.. near Powell. •
Our enterprising .dealers in fire water
can. be depended upon to take care, of the
Indian invasion.' -. . ' ..
~ J Most every , one who ¦; has whiskey t for sale
compares, its virtues to ± Jesse Moore 'AA" :
Whiskey, r' .-.: '' ':¦ ¦ -¦ '' '¦'¦:. ¦ . '¦ ' •
The less we have the more the recording
angelplaces to our credit when we give..
$100 REWARD!
A reward of *100 will be paid for such Infor-
mation as will lead to the arrest and convic-
tion of the party that assaulted ERIC G. KOB-
ERTS . at the corner of First and Howard
streets on Tuesday, July '16, 1901..
UNION GAS ENGINE CO,
, Verus cures piles' or $50 reward. ¦ All up-
to-date druggists sell and guarantee It. •
A CALIFORNIA
DaiiiiaLiia Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. «."*wttA
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
T SS? C i? T . the Se3tual Or « ans . 'or both .exe..
. The Mexican Remedy for Diseases -ot ta* Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own menu. <
NABER. ALF3 & BRUNE. Aienta.
C3 Market it. S. F.-^Send tox Circular*.* "
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
-H0HD1T I
This Great Train |
AIID run* but twice g
per week during I
TiiiiDcniv »•««--> I
inunoUfli _ i
THE LmvIos at 9 im. I
It arrtves in §
niiirnnnia Ch/ca 9° lt 2I3 ,1
CillFORHII rrri
iiMiTin ~ I
LI nil I LU its hltfl tiandard • 1
> ol jervlce Is m
fully maintained. I
v H 1 1 1 fl I L B
——*—*— Win t
REFEREE SALE,
By Order of O. II. UMBSEN. Sols Referet.
At auction at our salesroom. MONDAY, July
20. 1901. 12 o'clock noon, th* '
TWO 50-VARAS
Frontln? on 8tockton street. b«twe«a North'
Point and Beach streeta. 137:<z375.
For further particulars apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 11 Montgomery at.
CALLTHURSDAY,FRIDAYorSATDRDAY
SPECIAL SALE DAYS!
BUTTER, Fancy Creamery. . . ., .35c
Regrularly, <0c square.
TOILET SOAP, box of 3 cakes ... 25c
Oatmeal, .Glycerine and Honey, made by
Colgate & Co., New York. Regularly, 3Ic
box.
SALAD DRESSING, bottle. 20c
Mrs. Heerman's celebrated make. Regu-
larly, 30c.
NEW JAMS, jar........ ....... 15c
Strawberry, Raspberry and Blackberry.
Regularly, 20c. j . ¦
COFFEE, IXL.Blend, per Ib. . . . . .20c
A delicious Coffee at a moderate price,
Roasted or ground. Regularly, 30c.
RYE.WHISKEY. . . . bot. 75c;gal. $3.50
A very old Rye, matured in bond. Regu-
larly, $1 and ?•">. •
A FULL LINE OF CIGARS— IMPORTED and
DOMESTIC— AT PRICES TO SUIT ALL PUR-
CHASERS. . i
SEE OUR DISPLAY "WINDOW.
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market
TELEPHONE MAIN 55S2.
|/w\JkN DENTISTRY
I ('VAN VR00M"
I 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6lth.
1 1 The J. Noomm Furniture Co., Inc.
1 1 ** _^ " 1 11 m 11 * T , ' s JJ^ I «^B^^9 I I
I Elegant Chamber Suites. S
|, : Last week we advertised cheap suites. This week we show : ".
you one of the finest solid quarter-sawed Oak, golden finish, .
:..\ : rubbed and^ polished, showing the most exquisite grain. French \
> bevel plate Mirrors on Dresser and Commode. Price way down ' »
( A\e will furnish your house well, throughout, for very small '*•
j figures. Have everything in. the housekeeping line, and prices
low, for we have no rent to pay. You. make the difference—
• quite a saving, by the way. Don't you think so?.. Just' try it.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., I« c .
I ••¦-.. I01T-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco. *
.Close «very night, except Saturdays and the day preceding holidays, at « o'clock sharp.
(@T ROSENTHAL/S eg)
1%. Special.
j I Kf Midsummer Tf
• 1S&. Sale ¦ 1
.... .. - ~ 7 "- . '^sij
| We unroll for your inspection to-day a list of prices which
% merely suggests the unexampled chances that are bein R offered
$ in small sizes, broken lots and some entire lines of shoes, durinc •
jp our. Special Sale. . •'..*.;
I Ladies'.
y Broken lots of Ladies' Tan Chrome idd, full French heel
g Lace and Button. New and stylish and formerly sold for^ oo'
Rj Reduced to $2.50. :/;.-. *°:. <i
IL'Jr Finest Tan Chrome Kid. French and Leather heel; Oxfords
¦ (broken sizes) : formerly $4.00 and §5 00
p Reduced to 5Oc.
I Men's.
b Fine White Canvas Lace and Oxfords. < Formerly $3.50 and $4 i
9 % Reduced to .$2.40. ¦ >¦ ¦ ¦ - t
g Fine French Calf Congress (small sizes); "formerly, $5.00,
:sX j « All €iu4 nPoi aff^J HHH f*P53 BS^n ffJKH kv4 \SftSj53rT3k. • ¦ ESbI
HAS BE,EN REDUCED TO I
j| old pric© 9 S jfoi* 10 c©nts, - ; 'doii't 1