SAN FRANCISCO, AUGUST 10, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 71.
.' waters : where the gold is supposed 'to have been de
posited. - t . - -
yf CTING \ upon : . a . confession ; of . facts, police, with Win
j/Tji Sf«?j as guide, take a night trip on the tug Sea Witch for
AFTER HOURS OF GRILLING ON SPIRIT OF CROSS
QUESTIONS WINTERS BREAKS DOWN AND GIVES
INFORMATION WHICH WITH SOLVE THE ROBBERY
Continued on Page Thxes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. TVASHIXGTON. Aug. 9— Apparently
there is a serious hitch in Peking in the
signature of the Chinese protocol which
will terminate foreign intervention in
China.
Sir Ernest Satow, the British Minister,
has objected to several clauses in the
protocol, and to the proposal th'at the
tariff question be- referred to a board of
experts at Shanghai.
The facts in possession of Acting Sec
retary Adee regarding the latest phase
of Peking trouble are thus set forth In
an official statement made to-day:
"A cable dispatch received from Mr.
Rockhill late yesterday reports that the
delay in the signing of the final. protocol
of the agreement between the power's and
China is due to objections raised by
Great Britain . against .an .international
commission for the revision of the tariff.
The nature of the British objection is, not
stated., It also appears that the British
Government asks a reconsideration '- of
some clauses, as to which no agreement
had heretofore been reached, owing to the
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing: Company.
RIO JANEIRO. Aug. 9.— Government
newspapers assert that the authorities
have discovered a new plot for the over
throw of the republic and re-establishment
of the monarchy. . f
The Go/ernment is adopting measures
to capture the conspirators and defeat the
plot.
Energetic action is being taken, espec
ially in the. States of Rio Grande do Su!,
Parana . and Santa Catharina, where ihe
conspirators -have been principally work
ing. ' ¦ ' •' ' : .
The Government has granted a iea.3<j of
the northern railways to a syndicate
¦known' .as the Great Western Railway
Company. Congrefes is dissatisfied : with
the lease. . j ¦ ;.
opposition of several of the powers."
It is understood that Rockhill has been
impressed with the urgency of having
the protocol signed as quickly as possible.
He ; is using all his Influence to remove
the objections .raised, by' Sir Ernest Sa
tow, and if it is possible to do so, will ar
range a 'compromise. ,/. ;. ,. . .
Government of Brazil Is
in Danger of an
Overthrow.
Foreign Intervention in
. China Now Seems
Inevitable.
CONSPIRATORS
ARE PLOTTING
FOR MONARCHY
SERIOUS HUGH
IN AGREEMENT
AMONG POWERS
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Aug. 9.— There were
gravely important developments In the
strike situation to-day. The United States
Steel Corporation moved decisively in its
Etrlke campaign with a peremptory order
directing that the great Dewees "Wood
plant at McKeesport be dismantled and
removed to the Kisklminetas Valley.
President Gompers of the American Fed
eration of Labor, after a two days" con
ference with President Shaffer and his
associates. Issued a formal statement to
night specifically pledging the federation
to the moral and financial support of the
Amalgamated Association. His written
review of the train of events leading, up
to the Industrial quarrel sustains tbe
course of the Amalgamated Association
and declares that nothing remains for
labor but to battle for the cause of union
ism.
The official announcement of the order
to dismantle the Wood plant came this
afternoon toward the close of an other
wise uneventful day, and its importance
was such that it claimed the serious con
sideration on either side of the great in
dustrial conflict now being- waged here.
Persifer F. Smith, department manager
of the American Sheet Steel Company,
made the formal announcement in the fol
lowing statement: ,
"I have orders from President McMur
try of the American Sheet Steel Company
to at once tear down the Dewees Wood
plant «t McKeesport and remove the same
to Kiskimlnetas Valley. This I shall pro
ceed to do immediately."
Surprise at McKeesport.
The publication of the order was a
great surprise, and McKeesport received
it at first with doubt. Actual preparations
were made later in the day for the dis
mantling cf the mill and there is little
room for doubt that it will be torn down
snd taken apart, piece by piece. The
strikers beard the order in a spirit of de
fiance. They simply said that it showed
the steel corporation was convinced that
It could not reopen the plant in the face
of the opposition of the Amalgamated As
sociatlcn. Strike leaders here said that
the order was a bluff that had been
worked unsuccessfully before and declined
to take it seriously. A representative of
the press showed District Manager
Smith's statement to President Shaffer,
tut after reading it he declined to talk
abcut it.
The rtpel officials declined to give any
reason for the order, but it is openly Btat
ed here that the pronounced sympathy
cf citizens and city officials at McKees
port with the strikers is responsible for
it. It is also said that the plant of the
National Tube Company at McKeesport
will \h- abandoned and the old Carnegie
plan for a tube plant at Conneaut, O'iIo,
revived. The National Tube Company
had in contemplation improvements at
McKeesport of an extensive nature, but
it is now Paid that owing to their disap
pointment at the fact that their men have
Trust Creates Consternation
by Deciding to Remove the
Dewees Wood Plant
Gompers Pledges Moral
and Financial
Assistance.
FEDERATION
TO SUPPORT
STEEL MEN
Continued on Page Two.
Special Dispatch to The Call!
CALL ' BUREAU,' "1406 ; G f STREET , N.
W., WASHINGTON, ; Augr 9.4-Paymaster
Robert Burton Rodney, U. S. N., retired,
must pay his wife, Marguerite E: Rodney,
$45 per month pending ;a: decision' of i her
suit for. divorce.", Thls-orderwas'made by
Justice ' Claba'ugh l of " the.; Supreme : Court
of the District of Columbia this afternoon,
after listening' to l 4 the. reading by Rodney's
attorney .of 7a i remarkable; answer* to \ his
wife's (petition which had been written' by
that officer.: '.': * --U' ..':. :¦'¦* .• "'¦ -.:. v ; ; : .
¦ The f rea'dihg'was . enjoyed . 'by^- a ' large,
gathering' in^the; courtroom, ; and' the;at-l
torney." apologized , for 'the .language,; say
ing he ;had ; endeavored:, unsuccessfully/ to
induce . his^ client, to , modify, i t. , 'In ; liis an-"
swer Rodney .characterized .his wife's i alle
gations as "frivolous * and • hysterical, r if
not fraudulent,"-: and says 'in conclusion:
,"And yet, after all • this, the | defendant
still loves his : 'wife- and is ready ta forgive
her. The .spirit of the .law, 1 as', well as 'the
church, | abhors ; divorce (and would /have
unity and - love. ; The 'defendant; implores
the honorable^ ' court /</. to ] • duly .consider
these, his kindly views" and ; propositions.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
! CALL BUREAU,' 1406 G STREET, N.
W.,' WASHINGTON, -Aug." 9.— VThere .is
one .subject | the Industrial^ Commission
proposes to handle without gloves In its
forthcoming, report '.to .Congress,'", said
Representative Livingstone of Georgia to
day, f in discussing : the • nearly ' completed
work of the commission, "and that is the
trust "-question -and _how. it. affects both
capital, and 'labor.' "' . . ¦ \ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ; x .
•¦'.'No one can now, suggest what. the rec
ommendation will be.- but I" believe it, will
.be' independent of political' bias and;'free
f f om partisanship. j- Two great trusts" that?
are in shape ' to '¦¦ hold up 'business -:.or~- to
"control '.'.business ?.to a '.large '. extent are
combinations of -manufacturers and labor.
.The masses /of the- people . who are 'direct
sufferers by'the.manuevers of these com-'
¦binatlons . will demand;, some •'.permanent
relief or 'a •. basis -of 'settlement t lodged in
their.' hands and under direct- control » of
the United \ States Government. ' This ; will
be a^great issue before .the' couri'try event
ually, and it must be met. * '.'"¦•. :. •-* ¦¦•''" - ;
• '¦ VThis state'of. affairs cannot goon much
longer ['without: serious consequences. ; i
of the Selby Smelting "Works, were in se
cret consultation. Captain Seymour fret
ted, Lees . stewed and steamed and Von
der; Ropp showed signs of the strained
waiting, j Winters, under guard, waa In
the next -room, and several times during
the long, conference he was put upon the
grill. and ."sweated" some more.
.Winers had no easy day of It. "When
Lees' returned from Selby's in the morn-
Ing; he. brought with him more material
evidence in the shape of a coal scuttle,
bolt nippers, an iron rod, a bicycle lamp
and a "salamander." He was even more
confident of his quarry being the game
sought than on the day the capture was
made. "Winters was subjected to a scath
ing flre and he winced under It. His man
ner became more and more nervous as the
day progressed. Occasionally, In the com
pany of detectives, he would pass out of
the hall and into the street. He was out
of all composure and seemed ready to
break down if the screws should be ap
plied.
After. the noon hour "Winters gave every
evidence of the great nervous strain un
der which he labored. Hi3 voice, natural
ly high-pitched, took on squeaky tones,
and ¦¦> his . piercing, gleaming eyes flashed
uncertainly.- He said that he did not cars
JACK "WINTERS, alias Buck Tay
lor, . received i a .scorching, and
scathing "sweat" treatment yes
. terday^ and before the day was
over confessed to facts which the
police say will put an; end . to all
the mystery involving the great Selby bul
lion robbery. . -By. nightfall they confi
dently, expect ! not . only- to ..have all the
evidences of his guilt in their possession,
but to recover the $2S3,0CO. in gold bullion.
"Winters could not ! stand; the, peppering
fire' to. which he was mercilessly, subject
ed ; : Hour' after -hour they- battered away
at; him:' in Captain* Seymour's office and
hour; after hour lie became weaker and
weaker. 'His nerves refused to withstand
the- grinding ,put upon them, and late in
the afternoon,' 1 . 'worn out and -exhausted,
he ;told enough, to* the police 'to satisfy
them that their t . work; In- regard to the
recovery- of.-- the gold^and the apprehension
of the thief is practically over.
% "When the . detectives rose from their
chairs ' in \ Seymour's , office . they, too, felt
worn out, -but the -time for;rest had not
yet come.' It wa3 a. tug ride 1 to : Crockett
at' night> and 'preliminary searching for
the gold" that ended"' the day's labor. Ex-
Chief \' Lees,. Captain Seymour, Superin
tendent-von* der -Ropp, " the ,' prisoner . and
several . other," 'detectives' .were on the tug
Sea^Witch, 1 which -left the Vallejo-street
Or der e d . i6M Turn ; Over
$45 a;Montti;Pend- •
ing a Decision.
Forthcoming Report Will
;; Not' Deal Gently With
1 'Combine.
RODNEY MUST
PAY ALIMONY
TO HIS WIFE
INDUSTRIAL
COMMISSION
AND TRUSTS
SCENES IN CONNECTION WITH INVESTIGATION OF THE CROCKETT BULLION ROBBERY.
wharf early last evening, and they were
all eager, face-flushed men as the boat
pulled out. "
They were anxious to reach their desti
nation. The chart to the stolen money
was on board.' they felt, and he was a live
chart at that — one . that could and would
speak. Thumb screws had been dug Into
his mind and at last they would get what
they hoped and worked for so persistently
every, minute of the time since Tuesday,
.when the great bullion theft was discov
ered. *
; Lees had been to Crockett the night be
fore and came back heavy with an addi
tion of material evidence. Then he went
at "Winters agafn " with a bulldog In
sistence. ¦¦ * - - ~ .
"Winters' red face grow almost pale and
his small glittering eyes threw oft sparks
as the questions struck deeper and' deep
er. Seymour and Von der Ropp took a
hand at it, and when the work was fin
ished they all felt their man and the un
dertaking were property with a title abso
lute and simple.
So the night ride was taken. Muffled
and cloaked in darkness, the detectives
and their prey steamed up the bay to Sel
by's. Here a stop was made. Then the
tug went out into the bay and finally
landed at Crockett's for the night. To
day at an early hour the start for discov
ery will be made. .The police expect to
bring back prisoner, money and undying
reputations. . .
NERVE-RACKING -WORK
IN SEYMOUR'S OFFICE
The air fairly sizzled in the police head
quarters at. the Hall of Justice all yester
day afternoon. From 2 o'clock until after
5 Captain Seymour, ex-Chief Lees and
Alfred. von der Ropp. the superintendent
great bullion robbery will ••' be cleared -up in- its en
tirety. ' ¦
1T)OLICE and detectives are- confident that, the .stolen
JL gold will be discovered some time to-day and that the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.up the bay the tug steamed, trying to
ehake off all following by running with :
out lights. The first landing was made
at Selby's wharf. From the dark of the
night the watchman was called by Super
intendent von der Ropp and a. few mo
ments later the Sea Witch made fast to
the piles. Then there was a hurrying
and scurrying of detectives doing duty
at Yhe works. Word was ¦ given out to the
¦watchmen to gather In . Dfftective Silvey,
Ceptain Sayers of the Plnkerton force
and Constable Moiles. Tom Gibson was
at the wharf at. the time awaiting the
tug's arrival. Fearing a discovery of the
Intended course of the tug an order was
issued by ex-Chief L»es, who was evi
dently in charge of the gold seekers, to
Then the rumor passed that Winters
had confessed his complicity in the crime
and that the search was to be one for
gold and that this night trip by water
would end the greatest of all bullion rob
beries as far as a great crime and its de
tection and the recovery of the thief'3
haul were concerned. The Sea Witch
clipped her cable a few minutes after the
entire party was on board and ehe pointed
her prow toward the north shore. -
WITH LIGHTS OUT TUG
LANDS AT SELBY'S .WHARr
Late In the afternoon there was a hurry
and scurry in the captain's private room.
A messenger v.as sent out to have a tug
in readiness at the Vallejo street wharf,
but the consultation still went on. De
tectives came in and out and once atrain
was Winters strapped to the table. Then
the conference ended and Lees, Seymour,
Von der Ropp, Crockett, Winters and
ihree detectives passed out by : the
generally unused exit into the street. All
tried to hide their destination. Down
Commercial street went Seymour,*Crock
ett and the prisoner. Lees and von der
Ropp took a different course, but they ail
met at the Vallejo street wharf, where
the tug Sea Witch was in waiting. •
"WINTERS IS TAKEN ON
BOARD THE SEA WITCH
to talk with any one and wanted to be
left alone with his detective guard. Lees
and Seymour prodded him at periods,
working always for a confession from the
SUEpeCt. • .. ' - ' « ..?;:¦ . • -
VALLEJO, Aug. 9.— Plnkerton detectives
were here to-day working on a plan that
Winters had a confederate who is. an em
ploye in the Mare Island Navy YardJ
This employe is a machinist, who at I the
present time and since" July 30 latontflf*
teen days' vacation. The | employe | is not
in town and went ,: away without ' saying
where he was going. This afternoon de
tectives -were , seeking J his abiding place
In -this city to ascertain.lf he has- in his
possession Government tools that"' might
have been used for. cutting Into- the safe.
They have information that he a
friend of 'Winters, .and , there . Is a belief
DETECTIVES SEEK AN A
ALLEGED CONFEDERATE
from Antioch he found all the parties on
the scene of the robbery.
Veale went to Lees and demanded why
he had been given the double cross/and
said he wanted possession of Winters.
Lees replied:
"I will give him to you when I am good
and ready." :
Veale answered that he would get a
warrant for Winters and prevent Lees
holding him in custody. Lees was wild
with rage and shouted at the top of his
voice:
"I dare you to do it, by God!"
"Why didn't you tell me what was do
ing here to-night?" demanded Veale.
"Because tue newspapers have
hounded us in the city; they even had
the nerve to follow us In launches . over
here. We found one of them on the wharf
at Selbys, where we want to pick up the
detectives, and then when we came up
here to Crockett they followed us here
and are hounding our footsteps."
"I don't care what the papers are do
ing," said Veale. "They. arc. supposed to
get the news, and it is right that they
should get It. I have worked up all the
evidence in this case and turned it over
to you, and now you have thrown me
down and are trying to get all, the glory
and the reward also. I warn you that you
are in the county of which I am Sheriff
and that this prisoner must be turned
over to me.- You are not a police officer,
and if you attempt to take this man from
the hotel I will put you all under arrest.','
Lees -fairly quivered with rage, and two
of his .associates had to hold him in a
chair. . • • ; /"
• The officers to-day have been, making a
search of the surrounding towns to try
to discover where any quantity of" "pap
rika had been purchased. It was not
red pepper that was strewn around by
the man or men who looted the bullion
y, r - ult ' *>ut a preparation that is known as
paprika."
. Mnch amusement has been created to
aay by the ridiculous work of a sensa
tional ¦ San Francisco daily.. With four
men on horseback and two decrepit blood-
Donaldson was put- through a rigid ex
amination and his answers were carefully
noted by the - detectives. - Donaldson is a
re tf cent fellow and tried to evade many
questions, but the officers persisted and
forced Donaldson to ' mrfke reply. That
the bullion -thief had an accomplice
may be . taken for granted, and the de
tectives say that the second . man : wanted
Is an employe of the smelter. Donaldson's
actions last Tuesday caused suspicion to
be • thrown - in ' his . direction. When " the
news of the robbery -became known and
the detectives were * searching Winters*
cabin they were surprised to find that
Donaldson left his work and came up the
hill i to watch operations. ' When asked
what he wanted around -Winters' cabin
Donaldson - replied that he • suspected
Winters and wanted to see what the force
of detectives had brought to light."
Before ex-Chief Lees left for the city to
day : he joined Captain Sayers of the
Pinkertons in examining Pete Donaldson,
the employe of the smelter, who Is known
to have associated with Winters.
PETH DONALDSON IS , -
QUESTIONED
To-day Detective Tom Gibson and Con
stable Moiles made . a careful measure
mtnt "of the tunnel and hole beneath the
bullion safe. They were strong in their
opinion that the man *who planned the
robbery was perfectly familiar with the
modus operandi of taking gold and silver
into the boiler plate room. The width of
the door of the safe- Just allows for the
passage of the narrow truck on which the
bullion is moved around the building and
cairied into the safe. The robber calcu
lated to a fraction of an inch just wher#
the wheels of the truck would pass along
the floor of the vault. If he had miscal
culated in boring through the bottom of
the vault he would have weakened the
snet and the heavy weight of a passing
truck might have broken - through the
floor. "The man who did the tricK,-" said
Gibson and Moiles this morning, "was just
as familiar with the safe and how gold
was placed, in it as any one in the build
ing." ¦ • , . -
the framework made by the thief to hide
the entrance to the tunnel would be
supported and kept in place. Many holes
are to be found in the planks that form
the side of the building, these holes hav
ing: been drilled with an auger just above
the edge of the hole where the robber
crawled beneath the .walls.
CROCKETT, Aug. 9.— There. is a big
fight on between Sheriff Veale of Contra
Costa County and Lees, Seymourand the
rest of the San Francisco detectives.
Veale has Just had a wordy ' war with
Lees in the rooms of the hotel. The men
were shouting at the: top of 'their voices,"
waiting up the guests In the hotel. Veale
¦wjas not informed ¦ of the move " made ' by
Lees and Seymour, and when he returned
SHERIFF VEALE SCORES
LEES AND ASSOCIATES
It was thought that a fresh start wculd
be made to the spot where Winters Is
supposed to have hidden the stolen geld.
Minute after minute passed and no sign
of intended action was made by the de
tectives. Gibson .was left on the tug to
see that no information was obtained
from the -tug men and Gibson himself
claimed that Seymour and Lees had told
him nothing of the reasons that called
for the trip of the party on the tug.
Shortly before midnight a positive assur
ance was given by some of the detectives
that no start would .be made until day
light and the hotel men then admitted
that Seymour and- others had left orders
to be called sharp at 6 in the morning.
Winters was taken In through the back
entrance and* smuggled into a suite of
rooms on ths top floor, usually occupied
by the hotel proprietor. •
A few* minutes after this the gang
plank was run out and Lees, Seymour,
Von der Ropp, Crockett and "Winters
came ashore. Through the gates of the
refinery and up the steep wooden walk
to the Crockett Hotel detectives and
prisoner, found their way in the darkness.
PARTY DISEMBARKS Art?
CROCKETT FOR NIGHT
steam out Into the bay at once. The
course then lay toward the - Carquinez
Straits. After- drifting aimlessly in the
stream for some little time the Sea Witch
headed for the wharf at - the Crockett
sugar refinery and was then tied up. Or
ders could be heard given to the captain
and crew to allow no one on board.
Guards were posted and every precaution
taken, to Insure the secrecy of the boat's
mission. _'¦.-•"• ;
-.? Another -. significant find :" in ¦": "Winters'
cabin was a bicycle : electric -lamp.' It
bears no sign of ever having . been > at
tached ; to a bicycle and Is perfectly ; new.
The : various • articles found in Winters'
cabin are just. the kind that -would be used
in breaking into a safe under, the circum
stances of last Monday night. The port
able electric .lights were :to r allow the
thief to work in the underground 'space
beneath- the -bullion ' safe. "".The wooden
peg-s fitted, not' into the holes drilled? into
the*, bottom .- of the -vault, -^ but -Jnto
holes in the :' side : of the wooden
walls • of the Selby building, so that
' If -*h&^detectives" can find where the cut
ters were purchased and when, they hope
to be able to prove that Winters was the
man who purchased 'them. ::."•.
The search of his cabin also disclosed a
painter's- "salamander," ordinarily, used
for blistering paint. The- discovery ¦ of
these two articles lead the officers to be
lieve'that'Winters secured. them, for the
purpose of . cutting away any iron -bolts
that- might, have been found on the.bot
tom of the safe. The "salamander" would
have been used to make the protruding
bolts red hot and the bolt- cutter, would
have been: utilized to cut the bolts away.
The bolt cutter is of black iron with
bright steel jaws. It is just two feet long
and bears the following wording on one
side: Porter's easy bolt clipper. Rlgiit
patented I April 6, '80: Jan. 18, . '81; Aug. 3,
'81. On the ; reverse side' the words. "Cut
no steel" appear on a steel plate fastened
below- the cutting | jaws. : - Along , the; han
dles of this side are the words: "Size No.
1.: Cuts off half-inch bolts. Oil the joints,
cutting edges." On the cutting jaws is the
number "fi075." ' ?¦- --'• - '- •;. * ¦¦-
-Just as carefully as the cracking of the
Selby bullion vault was planned, so the
master mind that engineered the plot
thought out in advance how to dispose- of
the stolen gold bars.
This morning ex-Chief of Police "Lees
departed for San Francisco, taking with
him the large pair of bolt cutters found
in the cabin of John winters, alias "Buck
Taylor." The detectives are anxious to
find out where. the bolt cutters were pur
chased. The implement is quite new and
does not bear, any marks of having been
used.- Winters claims that he found the
cutters in the attic of his cabin. .
STILL SEAHCHING ' r."H'?
FOB MORE EVIDENCE
."The .officials of the Selby Works stated
this, morning : that they did not think • It
Was-possible for a man, no matter how- !
strong he might be,- to pack the booty for
any; distance into .- the' hills that surround
the works. £ It - would i have taken many,
hours to«land the gold bars on top of. the
hills,: and? there' was the : danger of ¦ dis
covery by.;,menj who - on Monday night
were at certain points , on , ; the . railroad
tracks that the robber, or robbers, must
have utilized. :
One has to be on the scene of the rob
bery to realize that it was utterly impos
sible for the • robber, or robbers, to pack
a half a ton of gold any distance, and bury
it on land.' v. . . v
"The work of dredging the • water was
resumed this afternoon and will be kept
up for some, time. The first to claim that
the booty -had been dumped into the bay
was, Constable', Moiles of. this town, and
though his theory was at first not thought
tangible the reat of the sleuths are now
compelled to admit that Moiles ' has , the
right idea.
CROCKETT, Aug. 9.— There is little
doubt in the minds of the detective offi
cers who are at work on. the robbery at
Selby's Smelting Works that the gold bar3
are lying beneath the waters of the Car
quinez Straits, 1 not far from the railroad
track that skirts along the shore.
SOOTTBIHX-KTHE BAY
/ FOB MISSING GOLD
that this navy yard employe Is the one
who had use for the sailboat that was
borrowed from young "Garfleld" by the
"Jesse James" now held in this city. This
boat was borrowed on Monday from the
South Vallejo fisherman and It was to be
returned on Tuesday morning. It was not
returned until Thursday. During the
dark hours of the night of the robbery
the tide was flooding strong, even till the
hour of 4 a. m. The sleuths will drag the
bay for the tools that were used in. cut
ting into the safe and this will be done
in the vicinity of the smelting works.
They ? expect, if able to find these tools,
to show -that they were taken' from the
navy yard and belong to the Government
and that they were - taken by this ma
chinist, the friend of Winters. The fas
tening of the crime on Winters depends
much now on the finding of these tools.
AFTER HOURS OF GRILLING ON- SPIT OF CROSS QUESTIONS, WINTERS BREAKS DOWN AND GIVES INFORMATION: WHICH WILL SOLVE THE ROBBERY
before mentioned firms that you propose to
bovcott them until peace la established in San
Francisco. If you WiWild wire that to one or
two of these people it would have a very good
effect. ' ' • • ¦ ... - .
From time to time we will furnish you with
additional names. •'.-;'- '
I -would urge upon you to go at once to work
on these matters. The fight in San Francisco
is your fight. If the Employers' Association
wins out. the employers of other cities will,or
ganize- on the -same plan and give you such a
fight as we are in now.
Again urging you to do your best to help us.
I remain, yours for unionism an4 progress, '¦
- ; - ED ROSENBERG,
• Secretary San Francisco Labor Council.
j The Marine Cooks' and Stewards- Asso
ciation declared a sympathetic strike yes
terday. . ¦;.;.-'.
BERLIN, Aug. 9. — The funeral ceremony
over the remains of Baron Von Ketteler,
on their arrival from China, will be held
in Loyd Hall, Bremerhaven. Members
of the family of the murdered Minister
willpbe present, and Emperor William will
be personally represented.
Bringing Body Back From China.
To tHc San Francisco Co-11.
I. Less, State organizer for the Barbers'
Union, organized a union, No. 335, at Val
lejo, Tuesday night, with a membership
of thirty. The Vallejo union will at once
adopt rules providing for evening and
Sunday closing. ¦ -
Barbers' Union at Vallejo.
Benefit for Strikers.
A benefit ball will be given under the
auspices of the Core Makers' Union to
night at Odd Fellows' Kail. Preparations
for this event have been going forward
for several weeks past and arrangements
have been made for entertaining a large
crowd.
A special meeting of the Federation of
Improvement Clubs of Western San Fran
cisco will be held at 1605 Polk street to
morrow afternoon. The purpose of the
meeting is to take action on the strike,
and to device ways and means for its set
tlement. Civic organizations, employers
and laboi leaders are invited.
"Will Discuss the Strike.
aUCoHSTE-A-IR, 3STOT AT THE CONFERENCE.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. O, 19O1.
I have not been present at any meeting or conference at which Mr. Frank J. Symmes was pres
ent. I have not heard Mr. Symnien make any remark ln-reference to the cereal or fruit crop of this
c ln fp. >ucb as "Let it rot" or anything: of similar meaning or spirit.
*^ * . - ... ¦ ¦ _ .'¦¦-. .... _ ~ ' -
A labor union mass meeting is to be
held in this city if arrangements can be
completed by a committee which will be
called together Sunday afternoon for con
ference at labor headquarters. The plan
is to follow the lines of last night's dem
onstration in San Francisco.
- The bark Highland Light is being dis
charged by a non-union gang at the How
ard Company's docks.
The steam schooner Noyo, „ which has
been lying at Derby's wharf for a week
without being discharged, was moved to
day to Long Wharf, where Captain John
son exDects to get a non-union crew of
¦lengshoremen.
The Painters' Union claims that twen
ty-eight out of sixty firms in Oakland,
Berkeley and Alamedi have to date con
ceded to the demand for $3 50. a day.
OAKLAND. Aug. 9.— The Teamsters'
Union has given the transfer companies
permission to renew the handling of
trunks and household furniture. All per
sonal effects in the nature of baggage will
be handled as heretofore in Oakland and
between the bay cities.
Baggage and Household Effects.
Permit Transfer Companies to Handle
TEAMSTERS YIELD POINT.
You can help us In the following manner: "We
have succeeded in unearthing some of the
leading members of this secret organization and
we propose to hit them through their trade. We
are commencing with Murphy, Grant & Co.,
dry iroods; Neustadter Bros., overalls (Boss of
the Road) and clothing; Levi Strauss & Co.,
overalls and clothing-, and Tillmann, Bendel &
Co., agents of Trophy Baking Powder and gen
eral coffee and spice merchants. The best way
to reach them is for your union to appoint
committees to visit dealers known to handle the
goods of these firms and request them to wire
or write to these firms that on account of their
being members of the Employers' Association,
which is now carrying on war against the
trades unions, the worklngmen and women of
their city refuse to buy their goods. Make that
good by absolutely refusing to buy such goods.
You might also request the business men to
write immediately to these people and inform
them of the attitude of the onldn men. 1
would also request you to write to all of the
The Employers' Association is composed
mainly of jobbers or of men who are . Jobbers
and manufacturers. The trades unionists of San
Francisco are giving them a hard fight and pro
pose to vindicate the right of the workers to
organize in trades unions.
To the Officers and Members of the Unions
of the West— Greeting: By this time you no
doubt have heard or read about the Employers'
Association of San Francisco, which has taken
upon itself the task to destroy the trades
unions of San Francisco and California. _ It is
a secret organization speaking through an at
torney. So far It has locked out or forced on
6trike nearly 18,000 union men. It has suc
ceeded in paralyzing the industries of Califor
nia.
A delegate of the Machinists' Union
said the machine shops and, iron works
were tied up as tightly as they were on
May 20, when the strike began.
The Labor Council is sending out the
following circular:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 9, 1901.
A delegate from the Horseshoers' Union
said that his union had been severely
criticized for its attitude, but that, al
though it had given no authority to act
to its executive committee, -yet it stood
ready to obey the Labor Council -should
it be called out. '
although some had anticipated
that the Carriage Blacksmiths' Union
would be ordered to strike.
THE executive committee of the
San Francisco Labor Council held
a long session last night, but no
additional unions were called out.
As the labor leaders could give nothing
but a definite and final refusal by way of
reply to the request of the grain mer
chants that stevedores be allowed to load
the grain ships, and as the merchants
could not hold out hope of results from
Influence they might exert on the Em
ployers' Association, negotiations were
brought to an end.
-,:. The firms of George W. McNear, Ep
pinger & Co., Balfour, Guthrle & Co. and
Girvin & Eyre were represented as at the
previous conferences. Edward Rosenberg,
secretary of the Labor Council; Andrew
Furuseth. secretary of the Sailors" Union;
Michael Casey, president of the City Front
Federation; and Alexander Campbell were
present to represent the unions.
and further meetings will prob
ably not be held.) The representatives of
the unions could^only inform the shippers
that no exception to the strike order could
be made in favor of grain loading at Port
Costa." , '
~ A NOTHER conference between la
,A% bor leaders and grain merchants
Zj\ held yesterday afternoon at 222
A W Sansome street led to no results
Governor Gage said last night in con
versation with a well known politician
that he had come to- San Francisco mere
ly to keep in touch with affairs.
Mayor Phelan informed the Governor
that the authorities were fully able to
cope -with the situation thus far, and that
he did not apprehend serious trouble in
the settlement of the issues involved. The
business interests of the city demanded
that a settlement be reached as soon as
possible, and it was to avert further dam
ege to the said interests that he had un
dertaken to act as intermediary between
the strikers and their employes.
p»yi^HE subject of the strike and the
|| best means of bringing order out
j| of chaos were topics which en-
H gaged the attention of Governor
Gage and Mayor Phelan yester
day. The two executives met at the Pal
ace Hotel during the day. and for nearly
en hour they were closeted in earnest dis
cussion.
The Mayor referred to the fact that he
•was unable to effect a compromise be
tween the disagreeing factions because
of the firm attitude of both employers and
strikers. The employers demanded that
they be allowed to settle with their em
ployes without any dictation from the
unions, while the strikers declined to
come to an agreement until the right of
the unions to look after the interests of
their members was recognized. Owing to
this divergence of views, the Mayor said,
an immediate settlement of the strike
Eeemed impossible of realization.
Arrangements have been made with the
Park Commissioners for the use of their
sprinkling wagons. The two sprinkling
wagons now in use on the county roads
will also be pressed into service. It is the
intention of the board to use the carts
and wagons now employed in the Bureau
of Streets for the removal of the sweep
ings to the bunkers. These carts and
wagons, without exception, are driven by
owners and therefore no trouble with the
labor unions is anticipated.
Secretary Park of the Board of Public
Works said yesterday that it was the in
tention of the board to employ only men
who own teams. He stated that the
board had a number of men working In
the Corporation Yard with their own
teams and that the union had as yet mads
no objection.
Although the sweeping and sprinkling
of the streets has only been Interrupted
for two days, the thoroughfares of thts
city are already unsightly and unsanitary
with refuse. So disagreeable were the
duststorms that swept down the streets
yesterday that many complaints were
lodged with the Board of Public Works.
principal thoroughfares of the
city. Work will be commenced on a small
scale, and attention will be almost entire
ly confined to Market street and the
streets whereon the greater -portion of the
city's business is transacted. Gray Bros.,
who '- have ! the principal portion of the
street cleaning contract, were notified by
the Board of Public "Works yesterday that
they must provide 100 street sweepers this
morning. m
AN earnest effort will be made this
morning on the part of the Board
of Public Works to resume the
sweeping and sprinkling of the
.Members of Marine Cooks'
and Stewards' Association
Out on Sympathetic Strike
State's Executive Considers
Question as a Citizen, but
Not in an Official Capacity
Strike Order Is. Not to Be
Modified to Allow Vessels
at Port Costa to Be Loaded
Sprinkling Wagons From the
Park and County Roads to
Be Called Into Requisition
Labor Council Joins City
Front Federation in Boy
cott of Leading Firms
Conference Between the Mer
chants and Labor Leaders
Comes to Unsuccessful End
Any one who knows me knows that the entire article. as published is entirely different from
that -which, my natural temper or disposition would dictate, and Mr. Page's letter Is, I trnst, a f nil
verification of the fact. , .
"Mr. MeXenr vrns not present at the meeting:. I was there as his representative and as the rep
resentative of the other wheat shippers of California. It -was I -who made the remarks which -are at
tributed to Mr. McXear, and It is in answer to me If to any one that yon spoke npon this subject; -I
sat by your side. You did not use the language attributed to you in the report, nor did you say any
thing which in substance «\r In manner of expression could be construed^nto a statement by/you sucht
as is reported of your disregard for the effect' upon' the wheat .'or fruit Interests of a continuance. of the'
BtP j lte# ijhe writer of that report has been misinformed. ¦¦¦'.- , . -.- '' • * -.-.- • /*' : . : '
"You are at liberty to use the above statement In such manner as yon see fit. Yours sincerely, .
. % "CHARLES PAGE." '¦;-'
''Frank J. Symmes Esq. — My .Dear Symmesi The Examiner has published vrhat purports to be a
report of the discussion had on Monday last at the Mayor's office on the subject of the pending: .strike.
The report put into Mr. McXear's month certain remarks concerning the probable danger to the -wheat
crop If matters should continue as at present, and he Is made to call attention to the fact that a large
proportion of .the crop must necessarily rot if it be not housed before the rainfall shall begin. To this
remark yon are reported am havins made a somewhat Intemperate answer -which ended .with .the -words
'Let it rot.'
the motives of any one who vrnnld so -willfully misrepresent a person. Ordinarily one thinks to
escape, if not seeklnp political office, but the time has apparently arrived when any one may be. ex
posed to the danger. The truth of the matter is best told in a letter received by me. to-day, entirely un
solicited, and -which In as followst
"Mills Building, Augr. 9, 1901.
SAN FRAXOISCO, Anjf. ©.-— I attended n meeting; at the Mayor's office on Monday last at the Mayor's
request and because my attendance was asked "on Grand Jury .business." I soon. learned that
the business under diucusulon pertained chiefly to. the labor situation.;. The statement!* -which
have been attributed to me are so grossly false that I am induced to make a public denial of
them, althong-h fully aware that- they never can be entirely recalled. It is needless to question
To the San Francisco Call.
Labor Disturbance and Best
Means for Effecting Speedy
Settlement Are Discussed
Board of Public Works Will
Make an Effort to Remove
the Accumulation of Refuse
SYMMES DENIES THAT HE SAID
OF GRAIN CROP, "LET IT ROT"
CONFERENCE
OF GOVERNOR
AND MAYOR
BLACKSMITHS
ARE NOT GIVEN
STRIKE ORDER
NO EXCEPTION
IN FAVOR OF
GRAIN SHIPS
STREETS ARE
TO BE SWEPT
BY THE CITY
TO THE HONORABLE JAMES D. 'PHELAN,- MAYOR OF THE CITY OF SAN FRANCISCO, CITY HALL— Sir: The Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco earnestly calls your attention to the condition affairs of this city and to the absolute necessity of prompt and decisive
action to avert the loss of lives of its residents, the threatened destruction of its industries, the restraint of its commerce, and to that which
threatens the inalienable and constitutional right of it^ citizens to liberty of action and protection in their lawful pursuits.
Believing that the interests of the community will be best served by an official proclamation from you that no man has the right to
liinterfere with another in his pursuit of any lawful occupation, that acts of intimidation and violence must cease, and that as chief executive of
the city you will preserve the peace and properly protect one and all, we therefore urge upon you to issue such a proclamation.
It appears to the Chamber of Commerce that in your exalted official position you can improve the present situation and safeguard
the future by stating, in unqualified terms, that violence will not be tolerated; that, at any cost, men who work will be protected, and by making
it clear that the city is responsible for every dollar of damage to person or property through riotous disturbances.
It is also necessary to provide means for continuing and increasing the protection the authoritiesr are rendering the community in its
attempt to conduct its affairs. ~ V
if the laws and finances of this municipality do not admit of an immediate augmentation of the police^orcel^te^^-shouldUat once be
taken to call upon the properly constituted officers for State aid.
By order of the Board of Trustees. (Signed) GEO. A; NEWHALL, President.
SAN FRANCISCO, August 9, 1901.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE CALLS UPON THE MAYOR TO PRESERVE THE PEACE AND
PROTECT ALL CITIZENS.
LEADING COMMERCIAL BODY PR0TESTS AGAINST
DISORDER AND ADVISES IMMEDIATE ISSUANCE
OF PROCLAMATION AND AN INCREASE OF POLICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1901.
Continued From Page One.
Continued on Page Three.
2
Eczema
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.MEYERS&CO,
Specialist. Disease *£^tf ij \ A
and weakness of <3
men. Established s$x02 v*»»'
1SS1. Consultation f?S^
and private book vl \ Y*
free, at office or by K^k- yk^-i
mall. Cures guar- A
anteed. 7JJ1 Alar- r^y^^^Sw^
ket street (eleva- J^'^fft&Zi 1$
tcr entrance), San J$| N^
The suffering from it is sometimes in-
tense; local applications are resorted to-
they mitigate, but cannot cure.
It proceeds from humors inherited or ac-
quired and persists until these have been
removed.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
positively } removes them, has radically
and permanently cur»d the worst cases, and
is without an equal for all cutaneous
ernptlons. ;
Hood's Kils are the beat cathartic. Price 25 cents.
How it reddens the akin, Itches, oozes,
dries and scales 1 T
Some people call it tetter, milk crust or
salt rheum.Continued From Page One.
FEDERATION TO SUPPORT STEELMEN
Mis? Spencer, who was perhans tho one
ladv friend Jack Winters could claim. Is
locked up In her room at her mother's
hotel In San Rafael. Mrs. -Spencer says
that her daughter simoly knew Winters
and that their relations were never such
as. to warrant more than a passing Inter
est In -him. Mrs. Soencer Is studiously
keeping all visitor* from seeing or. Inter
viewing her daughter.
KISS SPENCER WILL NOT '
TALK OF JACK , WINTERS
CROCKETT. Au<r. 9.— At 2 this morning
the whole party of San Franc'sco detec
ttv»«. with Sheriff Vea'e and prisoner.
*-««Tit on b«*rd a tug which started for
Mprtinez. Veale has a warrant for "Win
ters. , \ •
LEAVE FOR MARTINEZ
• AT TWO THIS MOENING
CAnt»in Porvip* waa not Inclined to look
upon the occurrence, but «»nc«
— .f«J*r illnr" reriorts Y\pA *rr\y cut he related
the occurrence for what It -was worth.
STOCKTON". Aug. 9.— Captain Potvine of
th© , Union Transportation Company's
steamer Columbia tells of a suspicious In
cident which may have some hearing on
.the bullion robbery at the Selby works.
Captain Potvine says: "Of course I would
never have .thought of the Incident/ had
not the first Impression been that the rob
bers cf the Selby Smelter had removed the
hull-en by a boat. On the down trln of
T-Iomlay nl^ht we came on a small sIood
anchored directly In the path of steamers
in the MnVelumne between what Is known
as Central Landing anfl the cannery. The
boat had been made fast directly In the
channel and in trying to escape running
the craft down we all but went aermind.
No one but amateur? without knowledge
of the rule." 6f navigation would have
Dut a boat in that oos'tlon. There was
ore ms»ji discernible In t*»e early lleht. biit
what he was doing I do not know. At
+ *!at time I did not know of the robbery.
On our return I notice* that the boat had
h"«n beached Just ahove the landlnsr.
Th!« pclnt Is s>>*iut f«»ty mile* above +h»
-vorVs ar.,» <v»"M easily have been sailed
d!""in:r th" nJeht."
HYSTERIOTJS SLOOP
BEEN NEAR THE WORKS
road track that runs from the tunnel near
Selbv's to Crockett.
'After an Inspection of the -min« work.
Ings 1000 feet. below the surfaee the Vlo«
President was. taken to the Gold Coin
Club for lunch, where he responded to n
toast. A : public reception waa followed
bv" a carriage drive about the district.
The ¦ party, then we.nt to Cripple ¦ Creek.
whew they were entertained,' returning to
Colorado : Springs in tho evening.
. VICTOR. Colo.. Aug. 9.— Victor made
full reparation to-day for the discourteous
treatment ' of Vice - President Roosevelt
during his political campaign last fall,
fully 10.000 people . giving, him a' most en
thusiastic welcome. .The Vice President
and narty arrived on a special train over
the Short Line road: They were jrreet-d
by blasts of giant, powder and hundreds
of uteam whistles from shafthousea all
over the district.- The party was met by
a Victor commit tee and escorted to the
Portland mine. The road wan lln«d tvtry'
whero with a cheering throne, . '
After an Inspection of the Mine
Workings He Is Given a Public
. . Reception and Drive.
VICTOB ENTHUSIASTIC AT.T. Y
WELCOMES ROOSEVELT
The bandit asked for the treasure box.
but was told by Cassenelll that nothing
of value was on board. He did not inspect
the stage, and after ordering the driver
to proceed disappeared in the brush. On
the stn?e was one valuable express?pack
age >»ddrej«!»ed to Mrs. G. H. Mastick of
Pan FranpJpco.
The bandit appeared to be something oC
an amateur. Over his head and conceal
ing his face was a heavy sack with eye
holes. He handled his -weapon nervonslv
and his famous old dime-novel command.
"Tour money or your life," waa spoken ?n
a tone that betrayed his newness at the
business of stage looting.
• The driver. Louis Cassenelll. prudently
hastened to comply with the robber's de
mand and threw Into the roadway the
few dollars he had In his pockets.
SAN ANDREAS, Aug. 9.— The driver of
the Sheep Ranch stage was pretty well
out on the road from this town this morn-
Ing, when a masked highwayman stepper!
from a clump of hushes and with leveled
shotgun told the man on the box to de
liver the treasure. There were no passen
gers aboard and little In sight In the line
of valuables.
The more perlous aspect of the matter
was nresented' In the press dispatches
from Willemstad. stating that Colombians
again had Invaded Venezuela. There was
no official confirmation as to this, but If
it should prove correct there seems little
chance of avoiding an open conflict be
tween these two countries, as such an In
vasion by Colombia would be In Itself an
act of war. But the authorities here pre
fer to tike a conservative view of tho sit
uation until official advices are in hand.
¦\\"he\» inaulry was made as to why our
officials at Bogota and elsewhere did not
send full information on the subject It
was stated that these officials were not
there to communlcrile news, but only to
advise this Government as preliminary
to any official action which might becoroa
necessary.
, At the Navv Department no further
steps were taken toward sending ships
to the isthmus. Tt wa» decided definitely,
however to send the battleship Wiscon
sin down to San Diego, Cal.; In case, the
desirability of that move became evident
by the time she reached San Francisco,
and the State Department was so advised.
There was some comment also as to the
possibility of sending down some of the
ships of the North Atlantic squadron, but
Acting Secretary Hackett treated the sug
gestions as rather premature. There Is
no doubt, however, that an ample force
will be sent from the, squadron if Its ores
ence seems desirable."
WASHINGTON. Aug. 9.— The situation
In Colombia and Venezuela continued to
occupy much of the attention of the offi
cials here to-day, and while It was not
felt - that affairs had reached a serious
aspect, yet it was appreciated that both
the official and unofficial advices Indicated
a condition of affairs which might mean
war between Colombia and Venezuela,
complicated by revolutionary outbreaks
In both countries. During the day the
State Department received a lengthy mall
communication from Consul General Gud
ger of Panama, and though this was
dated nearly a month ago it told of the
landing of a revolutionary expedition and
expressed the current, belief held at Pan
ama that this would be followed by other
expeditions. The department also received
a letter from J. Edward Simmons of New
York, president of the Panama Railway
Company, confirming his communication
of yesterday relative to the trouble on
the isthmus and stating that the superin
tendent of the road had advised him as
to the depredations of an insurgent band,
which did not number, however, over
fiftv men. -
CARACAS. Aug. 9.— A new invasion of
Venezuela is being conducted by Senor
Valencia, Colombian Minister of T7ar. He
Is bringing reinforcements from Bogota.
The new Invasion took place yesterday
morning. The Venezuelan Government
announces this news.
Small Profit for a High
wayman Near Sheep
Ranch!
Colombian Forces Led
by Valencia Invade
Venezuela.
BANDIT TAKES
DRIVER'S COIN
WAR IMMINENT
ON THE ISTHMUS
LONDON. Aug. 10.— The two emissaries
of^ the American syndicate that is trying
to get control of .both 'the German' trans- v
Atlantic lines, says -the Hamburg > corre-'
spondent of. the Dally Mall, are still here.
Ostensibly .they are buying, odd parcels of
shares. : It Is believed. that patriotic senti
mental*, too strong to . permit - the sale of
the lines. : . - ¦ '"¦
Seek Control of Trans-Atlantic Linas.
BUFFALO. Aug. 9.— At the Grand Cir
cuit races the 'first race and the event of
the day. the . Electric City stakes., for a
purse of 55000. was won easily by Neva
Simmons in straight heats. Summary:- >
2 -*4 class trot, purse : $5000. Electric City
stakes— N>va Simmons won .three straight,
heats in '2:11V. 2:11W. 2:12. Country Jay. AI
hsrla D. Quoddr Girl. George Smith and Ira
D^e also started. > -
2-19 class, tmttlnjr, purse $2000— Atallls won
three ptraitrht heats in 2:14. 2:t4. 2:14%. • Alice
Carr.' Truffles," Re-elected and Hullman also
2:16 das*, trottlnsr. ' purse , $1200— Antes*'!*'
won first, second* and sixth heats In 2:13%.
2:10W. 2:161m. Vo1« won • third snd fifth heats
In 2-12%, 2-\? a i. Wpnban'won the fourth heat
in 2:14. All BJe'ht.- Ebba, ,Vic Shiller and One
ontu also started. : •¦ • • -- '
' Match race.- ppcinsr, b«»?+ thr*>9'in five. $2(100—
V.mrna. M won fr«t; tnlM and fifth 1 heats In
2:0<»%. :2:11V- ;2:i6Vt. T^lltn ¦ -"on the second
and fourth -heats in ,2:1fi. : 2:14V4. - • x • 7-
the First Event at Buffalo
Driving Park.
Easily Outpaces the Other Entries in
NEVA SIMMONS WINS BIG
FXmSE IN STRAIGHT HEATS
• The Alameda barge crew nra^t'eing for
the regatta is made up of *\ W. Ayers.
stroke and captain: F.. B. Thoming. Syd
nev Pollard an.1 F-d Hansen. Th*>po men
will also pull In »the outrigered skiff and
pleasure boat races. The South End barpre
crew Is comnosed nf M. Cashman. J. P.
Foley.'T. I. Fitzpatrick and Matt Hirr'«;.
The Ariel barre crew consists of H. W
Ellis. W. T. Howe. H.. Foley an<1 E. L..
Smith. • S. J. Fembroke. the old Alameda
oarsman. Is ciachine the, O'vmpic four,
consisting of T. J. Sherry. Charles .Mo
rose. R. B. Cornell and N. Prendegaat.
Me'.rose and Cornell are flrn swimmers
and Sherry l* « good man in the 'outraged
skiff. The four-oared shell crew of the
University of California In belnor coached
regularly by W. B. Goodwin and l« learn
ing to i sit Its cockswainlei<«< shell. The
crew Is rna<)e ud of T\ V. TClngton. rap
tain: E. B. Harley, Henry Muller and A.
Iloss. .
A letter has been received, by J. A. Ged
des, chairman of the regatta committee
of the Pacific Association, from J. C. Mc-
Cue. secretary of the executive committee
of tho eighth annual Astoria regatta.' J.
C. McCue recently visited San Francisco
and looked over the rowing clubs here,
and on his return to Astoria reported to
the committee there. As a result the As
toria committee writes that it has decid
ed to bring up th' following crews: The
Alameda Boat Club's barge crew, shell
and skiff men. four men and a cockswain:
the South End barge crew, skiff and sin
erle shell men. four men and a cockswain:
the Ariel barge crew, single shell and skiff
men. four men; the University of Califor
nia four-oared shell crew and skiff man.
four men: A. W. Pape. of the Dolphin
Boating Club, for the single shell cham
•pionshlp. The two cockswains have been
assigned to tho Alameda and Ariel barge
crews, but if the San Francisco clubs find
it. more convenient to take up other cocks-
Trains they are* at liberty to do so. pro
vided that only two are sent to Astoria,
This makes a total of twenty-three men.
The oarsmen are instructed to be ready
and at the starting line when the races
are called, so as to avoid the annoying
delays that have occurred at former re
jrattas. The Astoria committee states
that if it is desirable to brlner up any
men in addition to '.hose mentioned the
arrangements will be made with the»lndt
vlduals by private letter. The local re
gatta committee, decided to leave the se
lection of the crews to the delegates of
tb» clubs attending the regatta. '
Twenty -Three Rowers
Are Invited by Re
gatta Committee.
PORTLAND SOCIETY WOMAN WHO
WILL. BE THE^QUEEN AT ASTO
RIA'S REGATTA.
Twenty-three men will come north from
San Francisco, Including representatives
entire fair Is In charge of Director Gen
eral G. C. Fulton, who managed the sixth
regatta. .
ASTORIANS PICK
OUT OARSMEN
The regatta committee has closed a
contract for a great street fair to be held
in connection with the land and water
sports. One hundred and thirty people
will be' required to manage the fair,' and it
will be the biggest event of the kind ever
held in trie Northwest. There will be ten
separate shows, including all sorts of at
tractions. The fair will be held on Duane
street, and space will be provided for ex
hibits from Oregon manufacturers. The
society ladies. Miss Barker is a
'native of the Oregon metropolis, and she
has a host of friends in Astoria. Her
selection gives universal satisfaction. Miss
Barker was in Butte when .the announce
ment of her selection was made, but re
turned home at once to prepare for tho
carnival. Four of her maids will be se
lected in Portland and a like number in
Astoria. .
ASTORIA. Aug. 9.— Miss Ivy B.
Barker, who has been selected as
queen of the eighth annual re
gatta, is oneof Portland's leading
Special Dispatch to The Call.
been drawn Into the Amalgamated dispute
end the policy of the people at McKees
port they are seriously considering a plan
°The Dewees Wood plant waa founded
Discussion of Social Purity.
, PACIFTO GROVE; Amp. 9.-The final de
partmental ; meetings of the conference of
reforms conducted here during the ' week
by the %: California .Women's Christian
Temperance Union occurred this mornlm?
and the closing sessions of: the conven
tion were held this afternoon and even-
Ing. During the morning the -delegates
discussed the question of systematic giv
ing as. a means of promoting temperance
work. ;Soclal and political .purity .also
came up. for consideration, much time, bo
ing: occupied in discussing methods for
promoting this branch of reform.
Orranlzert labor advances or recedes- never
stands still. It therefore follows that If the
trust by its preat wealth can prevent'the-ex
tension and growth of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation It encomnaMM Its disintegration and
destruction. The only powers' standing-be
tween ' the trust and workers as a | protector
are the tender mercies of Its directors. Ajralnst
such a calamity the'nense of justice and hu
manity revolt, and against It we solemnly pro
test.. . ¦- • .-¦, '..-"¦ ¦•-¦¦„
. ¦ We shall stand by the 'Amalgamated Asso-
Even the flirt demand for the scale to be
applied generally throughout the Jurisdiction
of the company was commendable for the
obvious reason that an employer should be
willing to Pay a uniform wa« to men who
nerform like work: but realizing that as a
demand for those whom It did not fully repre
rent the Amalgamated Association modified Its
demand to the extent already stated.
It appears that the company took the \>osl
tlon It <1ld with nn avowal that It would not
allow the extension of - the union to non
uninnlpts. Such a position and avowal are
tantamount to declaring that notwithstanding
the rrowth of the craft the organization had
roa^hed a status beyond which it could not ex
tend. .— . , r ,,--'
Battle of Trusts and "Onions.
« It 4 il 8 « ru< i that , the Amalramated Association.
Li * he 2"*, conference, asked that the United
States Steel Corporation sism the union scale
of wares for all the mills operated, owned iand
controlled by that company, but it In also Sue
1 ***! 6 req JiL e "J £ M and one sub
stituted so that the union scale should apply
to those mills only In which the members of
the Amalramated Association are employed-
In other wordi^ which are well knawn to be
union mills. This the United States Steel Cor
poration refused to concede. Insistinr that the
scale should apply only to those mills which
were union last year, even refusing to allow
two mills to be Included which by a species of
hectoring and' systematic opposition of the
company had become non-union during the
year.
Since the arrival of Secretary Morrison of
th f, Am t rtcan J re<lemlon ot La* 01 " and my
seir we have be*n In almost continual confer
ence with the aavlsorv board of the Amain
rnated Association of Iron, Steel and Tin
Workers. We made a thorough Investigation
of the present etrike. of Its members formerly
In the employ of the United States Steel Cor
poration and Its constituent branches: the
causes which led to the strike: the present sit
uation of the country: and we unhesitatlnirly
declare our Judinnent that the position of the
Amalgamated Association Is absolutely 1usti
fle<5 and essential to its continuance and ef
fectiveness as a union or the workers in the
trade as well as the protector of the rights
and Interests of its members. - *'s«">
Gompers of the American
Federation of Labor was at strike head
quarters again this afternoon with Sec
retary Morrison and was closeted with the
advisory board of the Amalgamated As
sociation for more than three hours. Be
fore he left the meetlnc he «rave his Drom-
Ise to suonort the strike, but it was not
iintu 5? oVlork t*>at he gave out the fol
lowing: statement:
Federation Supports Strikers.
about forty years ago, and is one of the
best known plants in Pennsylvania, Its
yards and mills cover between twelve and
fourteen acres. It has employed 1200 men
at its busiest times, and Its cost Is placed
at $3,000,000 by officials of the steel 'cor
poration.
Contintied From Page Two.
lirtmds the; sleuths Ptnrted out from the
r;e!e by the side of the looted safe of
Sf^by's works and made for the hills. The
AotrF ran In all directions and finally laid
<iowr! fraFDlru? for breath, to the disgust of
the sleuths and ami* the laurhter of the
real detectives and 'employes of the
sndter works. Hundreds of persons have
•we Iked around the hole where the robber
rfui.- his way to the safe and as- many
more have ppssed near the spot. Just
jinw the bloodhounds could pick up the
robber'* trail under these circumstances
Is hard to fathom. Once the hounds
ran yelrrlnpr for Detective Gibson who was
Foroe distance away, and the officer slmnly
ratted them on the head as they sniffed
Ms boots. Gibson had been working In
the hole beneath the looted vault a few
Tt.lritites before the <5o«ra were bm-isrht un.
Tt I* exnectea" that to-mormw a diver win
h» emrrfcyed br the *#>t*ctivM in searrh
along the bottom of the bay by the rall-
The vessels had already anchored and
the officers standing around, unable to re
strain themselves, burst out laughing,
seeing •which the Governor rose and un
bent from his official austerity and
laughed with them, and later joined them
in "cakes and whisky," even calling for
a second glass of the latter, which he had
never tasted before.
you? What is your business here? Don't
presume to anchor — return to the 'plnce
from whence you came; act otherwise at
your,peril."o
Japanese. Then the address prepared by
United States Minister Buck, who was
prevented by Illness from attending, was
read by his secretary, J. M. Ferguson. A
speech in Japanese was then read by Pre
mier Viscount Katsina. after which Ad
miral Rodsrers addressed the assemblage.
Oovernor Sufu of Kanagawa prefecture,
in which the monument stands, then fol
lowed In Japanese, giving a history of
the Inception and completion of the
memorial.
The last speaker -rras Rear Admiral
MONUMENT WHICH MARKS THE SCENE OF THE LANDING OF COM
MODORE PERRY IN JAPAN, "WHICH WAS UNVEILED JULY 15 UN
DER THE AUSPICES OF THE AMERICAN FRIENDS* ASSOCIATION.
AFTER HOURS OF GRILLING.
YOKOHAMA, July 15.— Under the
auspices of the Belyu-kal (Amer
ican Friends' Association) the
elaborate programme of the
Perry monument unveiling cere
mony at Kuribama "xas carried out most
«=3tis"factorily yesterday. Although the
rain deterred many from attending- it did
not in the least dampen the enthusiasm
of those present, nor lessen their pleasure
In participating In the interesting inter
national event which commemorates the
fir«=t «tep of Japan from the dark Isola
tion of her hermit life toward re-creaiion
trad a high place among the nations of
the modern world.
The Japanese Government was fully
represented at the ceremony by high ofS
o!als and in the naval armament assist
ing: on the occasion. Besides the Premier.
General Viscount Katsina, there were
nresent many members of the Imperial
Household, the Privy Council and the
Imperial Cabinet, -with other officials of
/mportance and dlsgrulshed citizens.
p.Ipo Field Marshal Oyama and Vice Ad
miral Teunoda, with many other military
and naval officers In full uniform.
There were five Japanese warships on
•"he scene, the selection designed to show
the progress made by Japan in naval
"ratters under the new national life. The
f'nited States was represented by Consul
General E. C. Bellows and his subordi
nate? and a number of American civili
ans, besides Rear Admiral Beardslee, who
was r midshipman under Perry on the
nccapion commemorated, present as a
sneeial representative of the -United
States navr. and Rear Admiral Rodpers.
mrrmandlnsr the T'nlted States squadron
on the station, with a larpe pnntineent of
officers from the New York. N'ew Orleans
nn<3 Torktown— United States vessels
pr^!=ent.
The r)rooee<31nKT= began at 12:04 p. m..
xvlirn the band strurl: up a Japanese air
md Rear Admiral Roflgers, a grandson
nf Commodore Perry, was conducted to
ih«» base of the monument and "broke
«-iut" the cords which held .the cloth con
cpai'ne It. amid the loud applause of the
ppectators.
The monument Is a hu?e slab standin*
sn a snuare base of pranite. which rests
a foundation of the same material,
ric'ne four feet above the eround.
The inscription in ellt Japanese charac
ters on the side facine the sea. 200 yards
distant, •which -was d*>v!se<J by Marquis
Tt<v is translated as follows:
"This monument irsirks the landing
rilaee of Commodore Perry of the United
ptate« of -America."
On trie rever** side:
"landed on 14th of Jirne, sixth r°ar of
TCayei. consecrated 14th July, thlrty
fonT-th ye«r of MeiJI."
B"1o-w this 1s a translation of the ln
: -'•'¦ntion on the obverse.
¦Baron TCaneko Kentaro. nresldent of the
B«?lT-u-Tiai. read the opening address In
The plan** which will he affected ar« th»
American Tin iPlate Comporiy.- American SW1
Hoop plants. ¦ Amerlcn Sheet FWl nlnnts '
American. Steel and 'Wlr* mills: F»de r al fiteei
Companv's plants .and "National; Tube \ Com
pany. Ohio will have 25.000 «dl» ,men*--Pptiti
svTvunfa. 17.000: Indian*. 10.000: ,Tlllr>ni s ?n nno.
mnVlne a^tntal ¦ n' /SS.OOO.. while New York'
Michigan. "West Vlreinla.'"'Viq C .oi|.i n , x owa anfl "
other, Ptatei .will have' 41.000 irti» : m«>n. . Tt i a
Imnoss'We.t*. •'•f'nate how. many men will be
indlrecOy. nC*'*"'. :N " •. ; . .-. -, ¦
The Nat)«n»>l Tub» Companv has 30,0«> work
men, the Feder8l lS.OOO. while the National
Pteel Companv has 12.IVW. making: a total of
125.000. us follows: Skilled , men now out
20.000: others who Bre Idle ps a result of the
strike. 45.0«t: . Nations 1 , Tube Company em
cloves. 30.000: Federal Steel Company emplnve*
18.000; ViHnnal Steel Company employes 120CO
total. 125.000. . ¦ '.. •.'.'¦ ...
"Less than twenty-four hours mu^
flanpo haio* 1 * th« Funeral etrlke order nf
PtMlo>nt Shnffir becomes ef'»ctivp, bnt
1n well inforpied circles here ther^'is still'
doubt as +o th« Tnen and r>ror>er+'*>3 that
will be affected by the order. The mill
managers Insist thPt the final showing on
Saturday and Sunday will he far under
the claims that, areheiner mad» by the
Amnljrarnated - Association. President
Shaffer would not talk figures to-day, but
his associates were positive that their
first claims were correct. The final ap
peals to the men will b* made at a series
of rreetlngrs to be held to-njorrow at
which President Shaffer and the other
leaders, will be the speakers. The strike
manager* are claiming to-night that they
will be the Kreatest series of labor dem
onstrations ever held in this country. On*
estimate 'prepared here says that 45 "00
men- are now Idle under the first strike
call and the r*neral '•all will Increase the
number to 125.000. Continuing, the esti
mate says: •¦ ¦ •¦ ¦
Coming General Strike.
PiesMent wmM not sav .lust
whPt the Fetation of Labor proposed
to do or. In fact.- anything h^vonfl what
was contf'n^d in t.h»» written'stntr-ment Is
sued bv him. Tt .is. Presumed, however
that all of the federation men engaged In
tho iron a^d steel trades will be called
out with th*> amalgamated men. CfoTi
™«rs and Seor^nry Morrison loft, for
"Washington at <>:30 o'clock over the Balti
more and Ohio Trts»nroa<i. Th«» l="aiianc» of
thoir statement chared tViA strikers who
weir-nmed It as a victory that meant much
to them.
The Amalgamated Association -«r|H rot be
crushed: she will not be conquered: she must
nnf even be ''"feated.
If the truct should succeed in its purnose to
crush the Amalgamated Association the vic
tory would be dearlv boueht. The fleht of the
brave Boers may end In their undoing:, hut the
B-Dlrlt of justice, the love of freedom and rich'
suddenly looms up in another part of our
world, these principles find lodgment in the
hearts of other men. who will carry on the
battle until they ure enthroned in 'the con
science and every day life of all neotiles. So
with the Amalgamated Association: an or
ganization may be defeated in a contest, but it
will not be conanered.
Judge Noyes admits that In most cases
where he appointed receivers the repre
sentations made to the court were largely
untrue as to the capabilities of the mines.
This, however, was not determined until
later, and his action was predicated upon
the fairness of the presentation of the
cases. This, he says, accounted for the
comparatively excessive expense of op
eration by the receivers. He also claims
that as an additional precaution for the
protection of the parties in interest he re
quired in all cases when either of the
parties requested it that the gold dust
realized by- the receiver-- should be depos
ited at the safe deposit vault, not subject
to withdrawal except by order of the
court, with notice to the parties interest
ed, and also that he further ordered in
each, case when requested that all parties
having any interest or claiming interest
in the property mierht at any time go upon
the property worked by the receiver for
the purpose of observing the work, and
might be present at each and every clean-
Ing up made by the receiver, and that he
in even* way oonslble tried to throw
everv safeguard about tho pronerty in the
hands of the receiver, that !t mlerht be
conserved for the benefit of the party who
might finally be adjudged its owner.
elation Jn the present conflict to the full ex
tent of our power, both morally and finan
cially; we nhall Rlrt in every lawful way the
men on strike or who may coma out on strike
to maintain the workers In their rltrht to order
and the extension of their oriranlzation *o
that the only power which stands for their
protection and advancement aealmt the ava
rice of concent'-atM wealth may be perfected
and peroptuated. When the overweening rich
combine for avarice, power and tvranny. Is It
not the duty of workers to unite for home
Justice, rl?ht find humanltv?
Sought to Protect Claimants.
He then details his efforts to organize
his court, and the importunities to which
he was subjected by litigants and coun
sel, and describes favors that wero at
tempted to be thrust upon him by solicit
ous individuals. He recounts the cir
cumstances under which he appointed
Alexander McKenzie receiver of certain
mining claims, alleging that it hart not
been prearranged that McKenzie should
act as receiver, but McKenzle's name was
suggested along with others by one to
whom the place had been tendered tWore
i*. was offered to McKenzie. The. Judge
reaffirmed the wisdom of that choice and
compliments McKenzie's administration
of the property. Defending his appoint
ment of a receiver for the placer mining
claims, he denies that he first suggested
that remedy, and justifies his action upon
the ground that there were scattered
along the beach thousands of unemployed
men, ¦who had been allured to Nome by
the fabulous tales of wealth which had
been given out; that these men were un
employed, without food or money and des
perate, and that to have closed down, by
injunction the operation of the placer
claims would have been to have added
largely to the number of unemployed in
the camp. He says that he followed In
this respect, the precedents established by
former Judges of the district of Alaska ,
and adds copies of a decree in a similar
case.
•WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.—The Depart
ment of Justice to-day made public the
answer of Judge Arthur Noyes . to the
charges preferred against him in the ad
ministration ol his office of United States
District Judge at Nome, Alaska. Judtje
Noyes details the story of his .trip to
Alaska, giving an account of the ac
quaintances made upon the journey, more
particularly the acquaintance of Messrs.
McKenzie and Chipps, who have figured
so largely in connection with the charges
against ' the . Judge, and denies that he
had any communication with these gen
tlemen with respect to the business of his
court on his journey or at any other time.
He takes up in detail the various charges
against him and specifically denies each
and every allegation thereof. He de
scribes the chaotic conditions existing at
Nome at the time of his aniva], wherein
he states he found in the neighborhood of
20,000 people of all classes, and the utmost
confusion and disorder prevailing-. He
sets out that every lot of the sroand in
the whr.le town had two or more claim
ants, that possession was held in a great
many instances by armed force and that
he was besieged upon every, hand imme
diately vipon his arrival'by parties seek
ing relief against those whom' they
claimed to be wrongfully and unlawfully
in possession of their property, divesting
it of value and shipping the proceeds out
of the country and the jurisdiction of the
court.
Organization of the Court. >
Says That He Always Tried
to Protect Interests' of
Litigants.
Denies That He Had Any
Understanding With
/ McKenzie.
NOYES ANSWERS
HIS ACCUSERS
Unveiling Occurs at Kuribama Under the Auspices of the American
Friends' Association in Which Ceremony the Cordial Relations
Existing Between Uncle Sam and the Mikado Are Duly Shown
MONUMENT NOW MARKS THE SPOT
WHERE PERRY LANDED IN JAPAN
FESTIVAL FLOWERS WILL ENWREATHE
THE TRESSES OF HER MAJESTY IVY
Prominent Young Society Woman of Portland Is Selected to Rule
¦ With All the Splendor of 'a Sovereign Over the Eighth Great
Annual Regatta Which Is Soon to Be Held at Astoria
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1901.
Beardslee, who, discarding the long paper
he had prepared, on account of the rain,
spoke quite at length offhand in most
happy reminiscence of the occasion in
which he was a minor but observant
actor forty-eight years before. /
One allusion caused considerable merri
ment to the crowd. The Governor of
Uraga had come aboard Perry's leading
ship, the Susquehanna, and prostrating
himself with face to the deck, presented
a letter, which was translated, "Who are
from the Olympic Club, the Arlela, South
Ends, Dolphins, Alamedas and University
of California. Victoria and Vancouver.
B. C, and Portland will be represented
In the rowing events, which will be of in
ternational interest. Alex Pape will again
contest with the northern cracks for
championship honors. The Olympic Club
will send a trade team and wrestlers and
boxers to meet the athletes . from Port*
land, Seattle, Tacoma and Spokane.
3
ADVEETISEMENTS.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great
tBUSEBB OF AHATGHY
h CB ::::^in::r.tc:.£±4Ti,c.r.CiL (
> S| T fal Largest Anatomical Mic cum in the
C — jtV^ *VVot.d. Weaknesses or Any contracted j
' jfcfc S3«J •««« pMtitivclj mrn) liy the oldest '
is@| on the Coast l^t. 36 years. i
f flCfrgl OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN j
!f Conciliation free and strirtly prirate.
B SrQL n Treannent personally or by letter. A 1
H if II B «"•*»« Cure in ererjr case undertaken. '
fil llff
.11 J BiHDlACE. MAILED FREE. ( A I
A Hi II valuable book (or m<T.)
V OB. J«EDA> A- CO.. 1051 MarketSt..S. F. (
Fels & Co., makers. Philadelphia.
The nicest business under the
sun is Fels-Naptha money-back
soap at your grocer's.
*"1 aid not sleep a
night for seven long
weeks."
That prolonged period of sleepless-
ness is most expressive of the pain and
suffering caused by womanly diseases.
It is pleasant to c«™. —
trast the medical in- 1 Jf ».^g=CTjgilg'y>l
efficiency which said | j^^fEJjjSgBgKfca
"I could not beftft^Pgejisy
cured" with t h e =*ilsHP/S|i§«?|a
prompt and pernian-^^^>^3l^^^»y
ent cure effected byggf 1^ j^jfcgggffi
the use of Doctor |§|/^ i^^*"f^3
Pierce'9 Favorite fw^^
Prescription. This I * j|
great medicine for I l^^^^m
women establishes yV* 1
regularity, dries en- • \ V^^jgjfl I
feebling drains, heals ] wS&r A
Inflammation and ul- / K^" A
ceration and cures / jS^ Jimi
female weakness. „ / Pa*VJ(^^«
"»I take great pleasure / wWiFmSxQnRk
In recommending Dr. / Q^ffjBaMVQ
Plerce's medicines to / rwi/fPfcaH
other a-ufferinz women," »/'*WHlk*SQ
writes Jin. Marj,' Adam*. * W///E&&T3
of Orassycrcslc. A she U WJ^flggg^
ternal trouble very badly vv y^(lQ*fB$M
until It resulted in ulcers \^^^^^
of the nterua. I was "*T^Spr^
troubled with it ao that >Sr *1
I did not sleep a night 7~\ j
for seven long weexs. Ill I
The doctor* Mia I could Q^,^^^ .^^ J
not be cured, but I com-
' tnenced taking 1 Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
and ' Pleasant Pellets.* After taking two bottles
I could sleep all night, and after taking six
bottles of .'Fa-rorite Prencrlptlon * and two of
* Ooldea Medical Irfjcovery and three viaU of
4 Pleasant Pellets' my case waa cured. I had
told ray hesbsad that I would have to die, as it
deemed I could not live. He told me to put faith
In Dr. Piercs's racdidnes. for It had cured others
and would cure me. Bo it did. and I thank Cod
and your medicine for aaving my life." •
• Dr. Pierce'9 Common . Sense Medical
Adviser, iooS large pages, is sent free on
receipt of stamps to pay expense of
mailing only. Send 31 one^cent stamps
for the book in cloth binding, or only 21
stamps for the paper covered volume.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.SATURDAY, AUGUST 10.
Sun • risee ..:..-. : '..... ,5:20
Sun sets . .V. i t .7 :10
Moon rises 1:29 a. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the. tides
the early morning tides ar« given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
dayi the third time column gives the last tide
of the day; except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are, in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the- -charts.- The plane ot reference is
the ' mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO, SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
The City of Sydney's Carg-o.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamer City of
. .WASHINGTON, 1 : Aug. 9.— Will . Stinson
won vthe twenty-mile motor-paced • race
from. Archie McEachern: at: the Coliseum
;i(^jphj£-':in;80.:58'i-a:»J^;i'-:;.' •:;¦"•"¦¦'¦''. -"';<-;
Stinson j Bef eats McEachern.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.,-Mer
chants' Exchange, ¦ San .Francisco, Cal
August 9, 1901. ¦'.( . ¦
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1, e.T at noon of the 120th • meridian. '". or at 8
o'clock. p. m., Greenwich time. ¦ >
'. .: : • • . ••¦ . ! C. G. CALKINS,"'-
Lieutenant Commander, ¦ ( U;;S..< N.'.- in charce.'
The British steamer Imogen will load wheat
here for Europe, 40s, option of . Mediterranean
ports, prior to arrival: the Dovenby, same voy
age, 89s Sd. ten lay das'S. 3d extra if twenty
lay days, prior to arrival; the Woollahra, him
ber at Eureka for 6ydney, (owner's account), f
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
M. McNeil andP.-McKinnon vs. G. McDon
ald and .M. McDonald; ,H. J. Rodgers and W.
Fisher :¦ vs. G. B.v Hay wards : and P. ; Ryan; H.
H. 'Lissner and R. f Lonsrabach vs. J. J. .Kav
anaugh.and W. Walsh; W. Williams and.J.
Lawless . .vs. V. Connelly \ and M. " Joyce; • E
Bairy'and J. Kirby vs. D. Regan and J. Mc-
Brearty ; M. Dillon .: and E. Maloney vs. G.
Hutchinson and .W. Kelly; J. Harlow and.R.
Murphy, vs. J.'Rlordon and M. J. Kilgallon; J.
C.NeaJon and J., White vs. J. Collins anoT W.
Magulre.. ' . ;
'Handball/continues to .hold .its high
standing , among the \ sports of the day.
George James, captain of -'the plympic
Club.has arranged some interesting con
tests for to-morrow. Charles Sullivan and
Henry Russ are scheduled to play James
McElroy and Fred Butz. George James
and John .-Cunningham j will f play Phil
Newman - and Charles Leightonu. Jack
Gleason; will play Louis Levy;. William
Kennedy will play Gus Ebner; Leon Starr
will play Tom Kennedy, and a number of
other games will. be played. - '•'•_:" ,-'
At the San Franciscd' handball alley the
following games .will be played: :'
Handball Games in Many Courts.
. The Logan and Sherman boys are going
to have a picnic at Fairfax Park to-mor
row. They have invited all of their friends
and will lea-fe on the Sausalito ferry at
10 a. m. They expect to have a most en
joyable time. ' . .
The boys on the transport wharf have
formed a baseball team under the cap
taincy of Harry Mayhew Parker. The
new club has challenged the customs ser
vice team, which is captained by R. T.
McGinnis, and a game has been arranged
for Sunday weak.
There were three arrivals from Hono
lulu yesterday. They were the bark Mo
hican, thirty-two days; Italian bark Pas
quale Lauro, twenty-eight days, and the
schooner Olga, thirty-one days, i All are
sugar laden.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of Syd
ney gtit away for Panama late last even
ing, and the Tacific Steam Navigation'
Company's will get away this
morning for Central and South America.
Water Front Notes.
The Sumner will be due on , the 15th
inst_ She is coming via Honolulu.
The Meade sails on the 16th with the re
mainder of the school teachers, and the
Logan will Ko to Mare Island as soon as
her boiler tubes arrive.
The army transport Sheridan will be
<5ue here from Manila next Tuesday after
noon or Wednesday morning. General
MacArthur will be one of her passengers
from Nagasaki. . ¦
Movements of Transports.
J. H. Curtoni, engineer of the tue Mil
lie, played in hard luck yesterday. He
wanted to send a message to his wife, and
went into the saloon on the corner of Pa
cific and East streets to telephone. In re
sponse to a request from central he
dropped his nickel and then waited pa
tiently for an answer. None came, and
Curtoni rang again, only to be told the
line was cut of order. Then he got mad
and wanted his nickel back, but central
told him to call again. Curtoni called
again with hla fist and smashed the tele
phone Into bits and scattered the nickels
and slugs all over the floor. The saloon
keeper called the police and the officer
found the engineer on his hands and
knees gathering up the money. He was
taken to the harbor police station and a
charge of burglary placed against him.^
Curtoni in Hard Luck.
Friday, August 9.
£tmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 82 hours from
Seattle. * / -
Stmr ProKreSo, Parker, 102 hours from Ta
coma. • •
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 52 hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orforfl 43 hours.
Stmr Oregonian, Williams, 73 days from New
York, via Montevideo 43 days, via Coronel 23
days. *
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 84 hours from
Nanaima.
Shin W F Babcock, Colly, 45 days from
Hakodate.
Bark Mohican, Kelley, 32 days from Hono
lulu.
Ital bark Pasqualo Lauro, Lauro, i 28 days
from Honolulu.
Bris W G Irwin, Garthley, 5% days from
Roche Harbor.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 9 days from
San Pedro.
Schr Mabel Gray, Larsen/4 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Olga, Johnson, 31 days from Kahului.
Schr Western Home, Lembke, 4% days from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Friday, August 9.
Stmr City of Sydney, Zeeder, Panama* and
way ports; Pacific Mail SS Co.
SAILED.
Friday, August , 9.
Btmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma.
. Stmr Gipsy, Hlnkle, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Luella, Madsen. . .
i Stmr City of Sydney, Zeeder, Panama and
way ports. ¦ ¦,
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, .
MEMORANDUM.
Per 6tmr .Orezonian — Sailed from New York
May 28. 'Put into Montevideo June 24 with
machinery disabled. Repaired and sailed June
28. Arrived at Coronel July 13 and sailed
July 17. . ',
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 9, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 18 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC , PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Aug 8— Brig Tan
ner, for Honolulu: bktn Wrestler, for Noumea.
REDONDO— Sailed Aug 3— Schr Glendale, for
Tacoma. > ¦ .
SEATTLE— Arrived Aue 9— Stmr ' Cottage
City, from Ska~uay. , .
Sailed Aug 8— Stmr City Of Seattle, for Skag
uav; etmr Queen, for Sitka. * -
Sailed Aug 9— Stmr Despatch, for Falrhaven,
Br stmr Buckingham, for Vancouver. -
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Grace
Dollar, from Grays Harbor.
EUREKA — Arrived Auk 9 — Stmr Ottillie
Fjord, hence July 28. - ,
Sailed Aug 9 — Stmr Pasadena - and schr Al
calde, for San Pedro;- Btmr Alliance, for Port
land; <itmr Santa Barbara, for San Pedro;
Etmr Eureka, for San Francisco. :
NEAH BAY— Passed out Aug 9— Bark Gath
erer, for San Francisco; bktn Portland, for
San Francisco: bktn Lahalna, for Shanghai;
U S stmr Manzanlta- . ¦ • . , "
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aug 8— Ship Ar
thur Sewall, from Honolulu. \
FOREIGN PORTS.'
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Aug 9— Bark Eu
terpe, for Honolulu; bktn James Tuft, from
Port Pirie.
Sailed Aug. 9— Schr Wm H Smith, for Hono
lulu.
HULL— Arrived Aug 7— Br ship Celtlcburn,
hence March 12.
SHANGHAI— Arrived July 27— Ger Etmr Sith
onia. from Antwerp.
* SINGAPORE— Arrived prior to . Aug 8— Br
ship Longships, from "New York.
TENKRIFFE— Arrived , July 23-Ger stmr
Sesostris, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived July 24— Ger bark
Anna, from Vancouver. - - ¦ ,
KINSALE— Passed Aug 6— Br ehip Dimsdale,
from Oregon, for United Kingdom. ¦ . • - •
• LABUAN— Sailed July 26— Br stmf Almond
Branch, for Calcutta. -
.QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 9-^Br ship Ben
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
v "Trainer 'Dad' Moulton will be on the
grounds with the opening of, the semester.*
Besides the football men already : men
tioned who are -expected to come, with
him -we shall also get from Notre Dame
A. T; Moran, a track man who can -do
the half-mile in several" seconds -under
two minutes. Trainer Moulton will' enter,
on his duties at once on his arrival. We
shall, not have 'Billy' McLeod'_to act as
rubber to the team this year, but : we
have -been fortunate enough to secure in
his. place Al Lean, who had: so much ¦¦ to
do with ¦ the . ; excellent ; condition "of - the
Stahf ord>team In the • 20-0 game : of \ 1896
and who since then has been' at^Berkeloy.
Should any. of the meTi.need a physician's
care duping the season Dr., R.' L.-. Wilbur,
'96, assistant professor in, the physiology
department, will look after them. '
"The shortening of the season that 1 re
sults from 'moving the big • game,for
ward to November 9 makes it imperative
that no ' time shall be lost. • lam accord
ingly, having the fleKT put Into condition
now, so. that the men may be able to get
J.q-.wprk .immediately ,on<-the opening, of
the".university."CT '~~\ ~" "' "'/-¦¦ ~ ,y.;; ;.;';.:;;; '
. '.\J "- - * * ' " , - *¦ . ¦ «V" * '
¦ r ... ¦ . ' - • .. ¦
"We shall also have a good nucleus
of the old team back. There will be Cap
tain Fisher, Hill, Smith, Raitt and Baus
bach, of thebafcks; in the line, . Lee, Mc-
Fadden, Traeger and Cooper, and to fill
the vacancies, such first-rate second team
men as Gregory, ; Barnhisel. Thompson,
Gllman, Narramore and Parker. •"
"Tbe greatest innovation of the year
will." of course, be the new system \of
cdaching, which confines all the work to
former studejits of "the university. CM.
Fickert, '98, captain of the 20-0 team, has
been secured* for head coach. He will
have control of the system of play to be
adopted, • and will especially look after
thfc Instruction of the five center men of
the line. A. B.Spalding, '96, who, since
graduating has- spent four years. at the
Columbia School of Medicine in. New
York City, will have charge of the ends."
Dr. Spalding's speedy end runs in the
intercollegiate matches- are still remem
bered by-th* earlier followers of the game
on the' coast. *¦' We hope', too," to> have"
George McMillan, ex-'97, who has been*
playing footballin the Northwest of re
cent years, : on the coaching force, but It
is""very uncertain whether he will be able
to leave his business. -
other first-class men *are the- Tarpey
brothers, from the Palo Alto High'Scliool.
It was largely on account of their fine
playing that the last year's university
freshman team* was unable to do .better
thanttie the score . with the- Palo Alto
youngsters in two hard fought games.
There is hope, too, that Keddie of Nevada
may enter the university, but his coming
is, doubtful. Besides these it is expected
that the San Jose High School will fur
nish-two good men and the Lowell High
School one. -.It 'is also probable .' that
George W. Kuppler, halfback, and J. A.
Farley, wno was captain of the. Notre
Dame football team last year, will show
up^on the Stanford campu3 with Trainer
'Dad' Moulton on the 1st of September.
"The outlook for new . material is very
good," lie said.' "Perhaps the greatest
acquisition' is Hamilton, who played
tackle last year on both the Reliance and
the "Lick School teams, and whose work
was not surpassed' by that of any of the,
university men.hecame up against. Two ;
STANFORD UNIVERSITY,' -Aug. 9.-
Although it. is several .weeks urittl the
opening of ¦ the. university, . the .football
prospects are beginning to attract-atten
tion. Treasurer John T. Nourse of the
Associated "Students wa3 on the campus
a few days'agp. .. . ' . '.'.' ;' ; '.;. [ ', •
Sgecial Dispatch to The Call.
The steam schooner Noyo ran on a
sandbar In Oakland Creek yesterday
morning and was compelled to stay there
for over twelve houra. She arrived here
from Humboldt Bay with a load of lum
ber several days ago, and when she failed
to get rid of the cargo on this side went
to Oakland to discharge. The unloading
c"oul4 not be done there, so the captain
started for Mission Bay to tie his vessel
up. When opposite Boole's ways he
hugged the shore too closely and ran on
a sandbar that has formed there. The tug
Ida W came along and attempted to tow
the steam schooner off. but failed, as it
was a small high tide. Last evening there
was two feet more water on the bar and
the tug got her off.
ing Out of Oakland Cresk.
Steam Schooner Buns Aground Com-
NOYO ON THE BEACH-
cisco; Stanford vs. Los Angeles Athletic Club,
Los Angeles.
October 1£— U. C. freshman vs. Stanford
freshmen, 8an Francisco. *• -
October 26— U. C. vs. Reliance. California
campus; Stanford vs. Olympics. San; Francisco.
October 31 — TJ. C. vs. Nevada. California
campus; Stanford vs. Oregon, Stanford campus.
November 2— IT. C. vs. Oregon. California
campus; Stanford vs* Nevada, Stanford
campus.
November 9 — XJ. C. rs. Stanford, San Fran
cisco.
The schedule of games to be played is
as follows, except that games with the
University of Washington team", which is
very anxious t6 Come to Calif ornla, ¦ may
be substituted for those scheduled with
the University of Nevada: • -
September 28— U.C. vs. Reliance, California^
eampus^ Stanford . vs. Olympics,, Stanford
campus. . .
October h-rV.'- C. .Vs. Olympics. -- California
campus;: Stanford vs. 1 Reliance, San Francisco.
October 12— U.' C. vs. Olympics, San Fran-
" — . . V " ' ¦ . - - ' y
DARING BRAZILIAN -AERONAUT AND TIJE AIRSHIP, OR NAVIGABLE
BALLOON, WITH WHICH HE STILli HOPES TO WIN, THE DEUTSCH
. PRIZE OF 100,000 FRANCS.
STANFORD SELECTS MEN
WHO WILL PLAY FOOTBALL
PARIS, Aug. 9.— M. Santos-Dumont,
finding that the envelope of his
balloon has sustained so much
damage that it is inadvisable to
sew it together, | has ordered a
new one, -work on which has already .
begun. It will have about tne same vol
ume as the one which burst yesterday,
but Instead of being cylindrical In form
it will be elliptical. M. La Chambre"? who
is making it, constructed tne balloon for
the Andree polar expedition. He promises
that the new t envelope will be ready Sep
tember 1.
The accident yesterday was bad enough,
but not nearly so bad as first' flying
rumors had it. Santos-Dumont was not
hurt, but only his astonishing coolness ,
saved him from death. In fact, Dumont
was infinitely cooler than the thousands
that -quickly surrounded him. As Soon
as he found himself safe he asked for a
cigarette, which he lighted. Dumont, In
the -ascent, wore a religious medal given
to him by>the Comtesse "d'Eu, daughter
of the late'Dom Pedro, Emperor of Brazil.
Half jokingly, half reverently, ..the aero
naut kissed the medal, saying: "It:, was
that that saved me." '. •- ' .S
Prince Bonaparte; Lieutenant Noix and
other skillful aeronauts have not lost faith
in the balloon's ultimate success, because
they perfectly understand the cause of the
accident to it— the failure of the motor to
pump air to fill the inner balloon so as to"
compensate for the gas which had
escaped, and-so keep the balloon taut, in
flated. When the stern fell, in a flabby
For Mexico— 5 csacid, 80,073 lbs corn, 11 cs
drugs, 150 bbls flour, 100 pkgs fruit and vege
tables. 3S3 pkgs groceries and provisions, 100
bales hay. 17 cs hardware, 365 lbs ham, 6 pkgs
machinery. 38 crs potatoes and onions, C cs
paints and oils, 55 pkgs paste, 30 kegs spikes,
420 lbs sugar, 2110 lbs shot, 30,554 lbs tallow,
600 gals wine, 100 cs whisky.
For Central America — 6 pkgs agricultural Im
plements, 110,800 lbs bluestone, SO cs coal oil,
3 bales dry. goods, 14 cs electrical supplies, 696
bbls flour, 36 pkgs groceries and provisions, 551
cs hardware, 96,470 lbs malt, 122 pkgs paints
and oils, 350 crs potatoes, 1920 lbs rice, 3620 lbs
sulphur, 1355 lbs tallow, 70 cs 1155 gals wine.
. For Panama— 750 bbls flour, 100 crs garlic, 200
crs potatoes, 200 crs onions, 4506 lbs sugar, 1000
lbs soap, 5 cs shoes, 9 pkgs tank material, 30
bales hay, 48,375 lbs rice.
For Peru — «480 ctls wheat. 205 lbs ham, 550
gals wine, 3 cs canned goods. t
For Ecuador— 5000 lbs rice, 120 bbls flour, 5
crs potatoes and onions, 12 cs salmon, 730 lbs
dried fruit, 30 cs whisky, 50 cs soap, 32 cs
canned goods, 148 pkgs groceries and provi
sions, 254 lbs beans, 639 lbs ham, 225 gals wine.
For Chile— 186 cs canned goods, 35,156 ft lum
ber, 250 bbls flour.
Tlie Aconcagua's Cargo.
The steamer Aconcagua cleared Thursday for
Valparaiso and way ports with merchandise
for Central and South America, manifested as
follows: For Mexico, $7650; Central America,
$15,316; Panama,* $5414; Peru, $5352; Ecuador;
$2076; Chile, $3942. The following were the
principal shipments:
Sydney cleared yesterday for' Panama and way
ports with a general cargo valued at $60,422,
manifested and destined as follows: For Mex
ico, $9630: Central America, $4S.430; Panama,
$2862. The cargo included the following:
For Mexico — 100 flasks quicksilver, 50 crs po
tatoes and onions, 12 bdls ehooks, 262 pkgs
fruits and vegetables, 112 cs hardware, 404 pkgs
tank material, 3 cs drugs, 714 lbs dried fruit.
178 bales hay.
For Central America — 1S91 bbls flour, 839 snls
62 cs wine, 12 cs canned goods, 96 pkgs grocer
ies and provisions, 2S4 lbs bread, 311 crs pota
toes and onions, 97,641 lbs rice, 7S0 lbs cheese,
141 cs hardware, 13 bxs raisins, 71 pkgs paint
and oils, 106 flasks quicksilver, 14,850 lbs malt,
11 bales bags, 920 lbs tea, 449 lbs pepper, 73
ctls wheat, 6 cs electrical goods, 12 cs salmon.
10,790 gals coal oil, 14 cs drugs, 62,481 lbs tal
low, 142 gals whisky, 219 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 18 pkgs paste. 240 pkgs dry goods, 3299 !bs
beans, 12 cs soap, 34 bdls paper. 7839 ft lumber.
1120 lbs soda; 20 bbls cement,- 600 lbs lard, 65S0
lbs rosin, 1042 . reels barbed wire, 5 pkgs car
material, 40 kegs nails, 770 lbs sago, 233 Iha
dried fruit, ft cs fuse, 6 ft hat?, SL pkgs mill
work.
For Panama— 450 bbls flour, -115 pkgs groceries
and provisions', 100 crs potatoes; and onions, 60
crs garlic. *¦.,
The Oregonian arrived at Coronel" on
July 13, and passed the Pacific Steam
Navigation Company's Talca hard and
fast on a pinnacle of rock at the entrance
to the harbor. The Taica was a brand
new vessel on her maiden voyage. She
was built by Beardmore & Co. of Glasgow
and went into commission last December.
She was 1018 tons gross burden, 209 feet 9
inches long, 35 feet 1 inch beam and 15 feet
6 inches deep. She was a twin-screw ves
sel of 1000 horsepower and was used as a
feeder to the company's vessels running
between Valparaiso and San Francisco.
The Talca was making for Coronel in a
fog, and the lookout mistook the light
house for a ship at anchor. The vessel
ran on a cluster of pinnacle rocks at full
speed, and when the people on the Ore
gonian saw her was sitting up as though
she had been built there. She went on
at high water and in a few minutes the
waves were bilking over her. A boat
was lowered and a line made fast to it.
The boat was driven ashore and the line
secured by people on 'the beach- One of
the 6hip*s mooring lines was sent ashore
and on it a breeches buoy was rigged.
The crew went ashore in it. Captain Bur
goin being the last to leave .the vessel.
When the tide went out the people of
Coronel could ride and drive around the
wreck. Captain Williams says the Talca
will be a total loss.
cargo. She made the run via Mon
tevideo, Straits of Magellan and Coronel
in seventy-three day?, and would have
been here ten days earlier had it not
been for a slight defect in the machinery,
•which compelled Captain Williams to put
into Montevideo for repairs. The work
was done by the vessel's crew and she got
away again for San Francisco after a four
days" stop. In consequence of the delay
the Californian, which left New York
twenty days after the Oregonian, was
only ten days behind her at Coronel.
THE . American-Hawaiian Com
pany's new stenmsrtfp bregonlan
arrived from New York yester
day with over 7000 tons of general
Dearg, for Hamburg; Ger bark Professor
Koch, for Hamburg. ,,
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug 8— Br ship Sierra
Miranda, from Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug 8— Br ship Dit
ton, hence March 18. ,
CALF OF MAN— Passed Aug 8— Br ship
Springbank, from Greenock, for Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 9— Br stmr Doric,
hence July 9. '
GUAYMAS— Sailed July 30— Schr Dauntless,
for Port Townsend.
CADIZ— Sailed Aug 6— Ger stmr Remses, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Brae
mar, from Tacoma, for Vladivostok, .etc.
CALCUTTA— Arrived Aug &— Stmr Almond
Branch, from Port Blakeley, via Mororan.
HONGKONG— Sailed Aug 8-Stmr Flintshire,
for San Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed Aug 8— Stmr Manitou, for
New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed Auk 9— Stmr Furnessla,
from Glasgow, for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Siberian,
fro-n Philadelphia, via St Johns.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aue 9— Stmr Co
lumbia, from Hamburg, for New Tork.
- BOSTON— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr New Eng
land, from Liverpool.
KINSALE— Passed Aug 9— Stmr ;Cufic,, from
New York, for Liverpool. ' .."¦•-.., . < j
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aug 9— Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg and Southampton, for New
York! ;
NEW YORK— Arrived Au* 9— Stmr Lauren
tlan, from Glasgow and Londonderry.
BROWHEAD— Passed Aug 9— Stmr Etruria,
from New York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Unitea States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of- High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
thority Of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide. is the same, at both places.
THE AMERICAN-HAWAIIAN COMPANY'S NEW STEAMSHIP OREGONIAN. WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY
FROM NEW YORK. SHE WAS BUILT IN THE EAST AND IS A SISTER SHIP TO THE CALIFORNIA!*,
BUILT BY THE UNION IRON WORKS HERE. (
BAN FRANCISCO. ..
V : '•¦? ' AB. R.'BH.'SB. PO. A. E:
Croll, cf. ...:. 4 0 0 0 1 0 1
Hildebrand, If 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Schwartz, 2b .... 2 0 11 12 0
Pabst, lb .....4 0- 0 0 12 0 1
Krug, s. s 4.'-0~'0 0 2 3 3
Nordyke, rf. 1 .... 4V--.1 7-K0 0 2 0 1
Reilly, 3b. 2-\. fO ¦:'¦ 0 0 11 0
Sullivan, c. ......... 3 -v.-O.. .- 1 0 5 " : 0 ; (1
Evans, p .:.... 3.-0 .0- 0 .0 -5 0'
Totals ....'..¦.•.'.';.30.;.l 3 1 27 11 -S
- SACRAMENTO.
- - AB. R.BH. SB. PO. A. E
Devereaux, s. s 4 1 1 0 3 3. 2
McLaughlln. If. ....4 0 0 0 10 0
Courtney, 2b 4' 0 1 0 0 6 0
Doyle, p 4 10 0 2 4 0
¦Hotter, lb. 3 1 , ' 0 0 11 0 0
Stanley c. 3 0-. 0 0 4 1 0
Sheehan, Sb 3 0 0 1 2' 0.0
McGucken, cf. .....4 O^-O- 0 1 0 0
McCarthy, rf. 4 -, 0 , x 0 , 0 . ';. 3 0.0
} Totals. ............33 3-2- 1-27-10 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Franclscd ;.. : .......O 1" O'O 0 O'O 0 0—1
Base hits 1 1 1 0 0*0 0 0 0-3
Sacramento. ..0 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 3
Base hits .0 0 1 0.0 0 0 1 0—2
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits— Hildebrand. Devereaux. Sac
rifice hit— Stanley. First base on errors— San
Francisco 2, Sacramento 3. First basf/on call
ed balls — San Francisco 3, Sacramento 2* Left
on bases— San Francisco 5, Sacramento fi.
Struck out— By Evans 5, by Doyle 4. Doublfi
play— Courtney tq Devereaux to Hoffer.. Time
of game — 1:35. Umpire — Graves; Official scorer
H. S. McFarlin. __'-"•
Los Angeles m Tenth Inning.
,LOB ANGELES, Aug. 9.— Los Angeles won.
In the tenth inning, on a two-bagger by Kelly
with, one man but and two : on bases. -The;
feature of ¦ the game was ;Hartwell's pitching.;
He struck out nine men »and -only threes hits;
were secured off his delivery. Both sides played'
snappy ball. Tho- score:. ¦ ./ -- _; . '
; ' ' LOS.'ANGELES.,.;. '.' '. \
¦'-:.'" AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. ¦
Reltz,- 2b ......3 0 10. 1 3 0
Kelly, ss ....5 1 2 0 -.2 6 V
Hutchlnson, lb ..:.. 4 0 3- O 14 1 0
Householder. Cf .... 4 0 . 0 - - 0 0 10
Atherton. rf .4 0-00 00 0'
Rellly, 2b 4 0 0,0. 13 .0
Bowman, If 4 0 0 - N 0 ! 2 0 0
Rples, c ...". 4 0.10 9 1 0
HartweU, -p '.........4 ' 2 "2 .0 .1- • o' 1'
Totals ....36 3 9 0 30 15 v 2
I OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB.-PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 40.0.1 20 0
T»hman, c .......... 3 1 1 0 1 • 0 0-
Streib. lb 4 0 2 0 13 -1 0
Eagnn, 3b 4 0,0 1 24 0
Dunleavy. . If, ... 4 0 ¦.- 0 0 1 0 0
Francks. ss ..3 0 .0 0 4. 2 0
Arrellanea, 2b ....... 4 0 0 0 1 5 0
Held, rf ........... ..'3 1 .0' 0 .3 0 0
•?Babbitt 1 ' 0 0 0 0 0 0
Mosklman, p ........ 4 0 0 0 1 4 0
Totals ............34 '2 3 2 *28 16 0
•One man out when winning run was made.
??Batted for Hold In ninth inning. .,
' HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. /
Loa Angeles ....1 0 1 o"j) 0 0 0 0 1 — 3
Ease hits 2 0 2— fr 1 1 1 0 0 2—9
Oakland .....'..... 1 0 0 0 1 O'O 0 0 0— :
Base hits 1 01 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Mosklman 2. Two-base
hits-rKelly 2,- Hutehinson.y^f Sacrifice hit—
Reltz.' First base on errors-Oakland l.v First
base on called balls— Los Angeles 1., Oakland 4.
Left on bases— Los Angeles 5, Oakland 5.
Struck out — Drennan 2, Arrellanes 2, Lohraan
2. Eagan 2, Babbitt, Bowman. - Hit by pitcher—
Held. "Wild pitch— Hartwell. Time eft game-
One hour and fifty minutes. Umpires-Levy. jSjj
A little good luck went with their ef
fcrtu in the second. Nordyke got to the
second station on Devereaux's error, and
Jimmie Sullivan gladdened the hearts of.
the fans with a clean drive which brought
Nordyke in. But alas for the Wasps!
their hard work netted no more runs, and
they were forces to accept the short end
of the three to one score. Hoffer, the new
Eastern man who wears a Sacramento
suit, covered first base. He had no chance
to distinguish himself in the field, but
failed to do anything sensational at the
bat. ' Sheehan accepted a hard chance of
Hildebrand's liner in the seventh, and
both McCarthy and Hildebrand pulled
down a. scy scraper. ¦ Following is the
score:
The Germans began the game in real
earnest. With one out, Hildebrand sent
a fly to center, McLaughlin falling in his
attempt to capture it.' This put "Hildy"
on the third cushion, but he was caught
soon after in an attempt to come home
on Schwartz's bunt, ;
Doyle, the pitcher who is alleged to pos
sess a "glass arm," did great work for a
man who la afljieted in such a manner.'
He was such a puzzle to ¦ Hank's men
that only three hits were registered
against him, but he had Dame Fortune
on hia side, and was thus enabled to carry
ofE the spoils, which Evans deserved to
win. Two of the Lawmakers went the
r jute in the second. Doyle got ! to first
on/ Cro-tl's error, Hotter accepted a free
pass, and; both men went up a peg on
Stanley's sacrifice. And here is where the
fireworks commenced. , Sheehan hit a
grounder to Krug, who first fumbled it
and then - dropped it, letting Doyle and
IiofTer amble home. The next two were
easy outs, though Sheehan stole third
during the mixup.
During the next round Bill Devereaux
sent a nice little one . to right, kept on
running until he ¦was near third, when
Nordyke threw the ball over Reilly'a
head, and the man with the auburn locks
crossed the rubber with the third and last
tallj which his- team secured. All this
time Evans was pitching phenomenal
ball, not a safe one being obtained oft him
while the run getting was going on.
Henry Harris, the kind and indulgent
uncle; of .the German ball tossers. has
good and \; sufficient reasons to be
thoroughly; ashamed of his pets on" ac
count of the miserable support which they
gave Roy Evans . yesterday afternoon.
Evans ' certainly pitched the game o£ his
life, allowing but two safe hits, and forc
ing five of the. heavy hitting Senators to
fan the "air. But with all this great work/
victory failed,, to come ; the way of the
locals, and two straight games have gone
to swell 'the average of the men frojn
the Capitol. City. *•>. •
Krug and Nordyke are the two men re
sponsible for San Francisco's defeat.
Krug played; ball much after' the fashion
of a wooden Indian, and Nordyke handlfed
the sphere like'- a hot potato. Outside of
theso two, the rest of the team performed
creditably,, with the possible exception of
Croll, who dropped one which. he should
have held/-- • ' r vV-
Bacramentb 3, &m Francisco. 1.
Evans Pitches Splendid Game
but Is Given; Miserable
Support.
Again Defeat the Ger
mans by Superior Field
: Work.
SENATORS WIN
STILL ANOTHER
Captain Burgoin and His Grew Are Rescued by /Means of
Breeches Buoy— Particulars of ; Disaster Are Brought From
Southern Waters by American-Hawaiian Steamship Qregonian
STEAMSHIP TALCA RUNS ON ROCKS
AT ENTRANCE TO CORONEL HARBOR
Instead of Being, Cylindrical the Balloon Will Be Made Elliptical
in Form, and the Daring Brazilian Aeronaut Hopes to Be
Able to Capture" Deutsch Prize of Hundred Thousand Francs
SANTOS-DUMONT HAS ORDERED A
ENVELOPE FOR HIS DAMAGED AIRSHIP
THE ;SAN FBANC1SCO. OALil^ AY, AUGUST 10, 1901.
4
way the screw began to cut the suspen
sory wires and the only chance left to
Dumont was to stop the machine and drift
with the wind.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. — : — Ft.' Ft.
IT W H W t, W H W - .
!0 .". 2:12-0.3 9:18 4.4 1:40 2.9 -7:57 «f.l
11 ... 3:04 -0.5 10:06 4.6 2:42 j 2.8 8:59 6.1
12... 3:51—0.6 10:31-4.9 3:37 2.6 9:51,6.1
[3 .'.. 4:35—0.5 11:2S 5,1 4:29 2.3 10:42 5.8
14... 6:14—0.3 12:08^5.2 5:16 2.0 11:31 5.6
15 ... 5:50 0.0 12:46 5.3 6:01 1.8
.. H W L AV H ,W . L TV
IS ... 0:20 5.3 6:28 0.4 1:19 5.4 6:51 1.7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Zealandia.'. Honolulu
Wellington..... Oyster Harbor ..*
Asuncion Seattle " '.
City of Peking. China and Japan
Walla Walla. .. Puget Sound Ports
Eureka Humboldt !
Peru: Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Sonoma ;... Sydney and Way Ports
Pomona Humboldt .'..:....
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
San Juan....... Panama & Way Ports.
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts.
TJmatllla ?uget Sound Ports
Gaelic China arid Japan...... |
Leelanaw N. T. via Panama...!
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 11
Aug. 12
Aug. 13
Aug. 15
Aug. 16
Aug. 18
Aug. IS
Aug. IS
Aug. 19
Aug. 20
lAug. 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
AugtiNt 10.
Point Arena.. Point Arena *..
Aeoncapua... Valparaiso & Way
City Sydney.. Panama & Way...
Mandalay Coqullle River
Empire Coos Bay
Curacao Mexican Ports
Amer. Maru.. China and Japan...
Marlppsa Honolulu
Pomona....... Humboldt
. . Angnit 11. - '
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way.
. ¦'¦,'¦ An(?nst 12.
Arcata "... Coos Bay
Czarina...'.... Seattle & Tacoma..
City Puebla..' Puget Sound Ports.
Eureka Humboldt
Argyll........ N. Y. via Panama
- ;. . . -• AllCRSt lii. .
Rainier Seattle & N. What
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Coronado . Grays Harbor
Anubis.. S. America, Europe!
Bonita. ....... San Pedro & Way.
•¦' Aucust 14.-
Walla Walla. Pupet Sound Ports
• •-'¦. Annrnot 1G.
Peru... Valparaiso & Way.
Columbia Astoria & Portland
2 pmlPier 2
12 m|Pler 10
12 mlPMSS
5 pm Pier —
10 am Pier 13
10 am I Pier 11
1 pmlPMSS
2 pm Pier 7
1:30 p Pier "9
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier ll
12 ¦ m Pier 13
....... Pier 8
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 13
2 pm Pier —
..'..... Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
6 pm Pier 2
Pier —
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 10
11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Conernaugh...: Nome & St. Michael.'. Aug. 10
Bertha..... Vajdez ¦ & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Ccntinnlal Nofae,& Teller City.... Aug. 10
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 13
Victorian ... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 14
Al-Ki... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug.- H
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 18
Chas: Nelson.. «'<aRuay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Cltyof Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. — : — Ft.' Ft.
IT W H W t, W H W - .
!0 .". 2:12-0.3 9:18 4.4 1:40 2.9 -7:57 «f.l
11 ... 3:04 -0.5 10:06 4.6 2:42 j 2.8 8:59 6.1
12... 3:51—0.6 10:31-4.9 3:37 2.6 9:51,6.1
[3 .'.. 4:35—0.5 11:2S 5,1 4:29 2.3 10:42 5.8
14... 6:14—0.3 12:08^5.2 5:16 2.0 11:31 5.6
15 ... 5:50 0.0 12:46 5.3 6:01 1.8
.. H W L AV H ,W . L TV
IS ... 0:20 5.3 6:28 0.4 1:19 5.4 6:51 1.7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
AugtiNt 10.
Point Arena.. Point Arena *..
Aeoncapua... Valparaiso & Way
City Sydney.. Panama & Way...
Mandalay Coqullle River
Empire Coos Bay
Curacao Mexican Ports
Amer. Maru.. China and Japan...
Marlppsa Honolulu
Pomona....... Humboldt
. . Angnit 11. - '
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way.
. ¦'¦,'¦ An(?nst 12.
Arcata "... Coos Bay
Czarina...'.... Seattle & Tacoma..
City Puebla..' Puget Sound Ports.
Eureka Humboldt
Argyll........ N. Y. via Panama
- ;. . . -• AllCRSt lii. .
Rainier Seattle & N. What
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Coronado . Grays Harbor
Anubis.. S. America, Europe!
Bonita. ....... San Pedro & Way.
•¦' Aucust 14.-
Walla Walla. Pupet Sound Ports
• •-'¦. Annrnot 1G.
Peru... Valparaiso & Way.
Columbia Astoria & Portland
2 pmlPier 2
12 m|Pler 10
12 mlPMSS
5 pm Pier —
10 am Pier 13
10 am I Pier 11
1 pmlPMSS
2 pm Pier 7
1:30 p Pier "9
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier ll
12 ¦ m Pier 13
....... Pier 8
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 13
2 pm Pier —
..'..... Pier 2
10 am Pier 2
6 pm Pier 2
Pier —
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 10
11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Conernaugh...: Nome & St. Michael.'. Aug. 10
Bertha..... Vajdez ¦ & Way Ports.. Aug. 10
Ccntinnlal Nofae,& Teller City.... Aug. 10
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 13
Victorian ... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 13
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 14
Al-Ki... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug.- H
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 18
Chas: Nelson.. «'<aRuay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Cltyof Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Zealandia.'. Honolulu
Wellington..... Oyster Harbor ..*
Asuncion Seattle " '.
City of Peking. China and Japan
Walla Walla. .. Puget Sound Ports
Eureka Humboldt !
Peru: Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Sonoma ;... Sydney and Way Ports
Pomona Humboldt .'..:....
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria..
San Juan....... Panama & Way Ports.
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts.
TJmatllla ?uget Sound Ports
Gaelic China arid Japan...... |
Leelanaw N. T. via Panama...!
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 10
Aug. 11
Aug. 12
Aug. 13
Aug. 15
Aug. 16
Aug. 18
Aug. IS
Aug. IS
Aug. 19
Aug. 20
lAug. 20
How the Tahitians Celebrated
the Fail of the Bastile.
BY REV. JOHN A. LALLY.v
Does a College Education Un-
fit a Woman foK Do-
Lost to the World for Thirty
The Fate of the Whirlwind * *mJJ\'m.
Dancers. T^ m^ mmKmam ¦«¦
". " _ ' s
Shall the Whipping Post Be *VLI N^ 1 1 A V
Experience of an Oakland /T A ¥ "H"
Co'ored Man in Africa. I A I | \
The Latest Fad. Do v You j
Know What It Is?
The Jol ly Lady Tars oil San '¦'
V Francisco' * Bay. I augustji, 1901. :
Books,; Fiction and Human
Interest Stories. ; :Veteran Dies After Stabbing.
>APA. Aug. 9. -James Coughlln of the
Veterans' Home, who was stabbed with
a pen knife by John Graham last Satur
day night, died this afternoon at the
Veterans' Home Hospital. Graham Is In
jail and & charge cf murder has been
pluced a<caJnst him.
SEATTLE. Aug. 9.— The steamer Sarah,
one of the largest on the Yukon River,
has hf en seized at Dawson by tne author
ities on the charge of bringing In liquor
without a permit. She came from St.
Michael and >elongs to the Northern
Commercial Company. The manager of
the consignee company states that the
Governor promised a permit to import
iiQuor io the company.
Authorities Seize Yukon Vessel.
SEATTLE. Aug. 9.— Orders were sent to
4 he United States quartermaster here to
day t-j dirpatcn the United States trans
r>ort Ros-«;crans lo Fort St. Michael on the
15th. carrsing supplies as well as troops.
She will go no'th in charge of First Lieu
tenant Camped I E. Babcock. battalion
Ecjma.it of the Seventh Infantry. The
irocjis will be ror Company A at Fort Da
vis and Company I at Fort St. Michael.
Or.o officer will go to each of these places
with the men. The Rosecrans will prob
al!y le the last transport except the
Beward to go north this season.
Troops for Northern Posts.
As soon as the agreements were all
signed Reed left for New York with the
understanding that he would be back in
two or three weeks. Three months have
elapsed, but he has not returned. The
farmers are very anxious about the mat
ter and are awaiting with some impa
tience to hear from Reed.
in Yolo County Fails to
Return.
WOODLAND. Aug. 9.-SeveraI months
ego T. L. Reed came to Woodland with a
proposal to inaugurate a big Irrigation
Fyttem that would cover all the irrigable
land in Yolo County, provided he could
buy the rights of all concerned in the two
water ditches in the county. The people
are so anxious to extend and improve th.»
facilities for irrigation that there was no
difficulty in inducing all the Moore helm
to sell their rights In the Moore ditch and
the owners of the other ditch system
readily agreed to his terms.
Man Who Secured Privileges on Land
FARMERS ARE ANXIOUS
ABOUT ABSENCE OF REED
• BANK TELLER MISSING
AND POLICE INFORMED
Prolonged Absence of a Young Man
of Seattle Causes Friends
Anxiety.
SEATTLE, Aug. 9.— The friends of Don
ald McKeracher, who, prior to last Fri
day, was receiving teller at the Seattle
National Bank, have asked the police to
look him up. McKeracher is missing
from his home, though his absence may
yet be explained. He has been missing
since last Monday.
McKeracher has been with the Seattle
Natioi'al Bank for the past four years.
Last Friday he was given a vacation for
two months, with the understanding that
at the end of that time, if he was in
proper physical condition, he could re
turn and get his old position. His pav
was to continue. At the bank this morn-
Ing President Andrews denied that there
was any suspicion connected with the
case. MoKeraohpr told his mother that
hp was going to Taroma to visit friends
and not to exppct him home for some
time. But to others he is said to have
made different remarks, and this is what
has given rise to uneasiness.
The Fmall increase 5s disappointing.
Kvory one predicted a larger growth In
population. There were evidences that
thp country was going ahead faster than
i!i? ¦•norease in the population shows. It
is hinted <n official circles that explana
tion r.f t^i* is that the returns for 1891.
erp< dally for the province of Ontario,
wvre stuffed. Considerable information
has been obtained to establish this. For
instance, it is said that in that province
fifiy-four of the constituencies, which in
clude part of the city of Toronto, show a
decrease of about 1S.O00 in population, yet
ihe families are increased by about 13,000.
This, it is said, is proof that the figures of
l?f'l were padded* In one district there Is
a decrease in the population, while the
families and the dwellings show a con
siderable decrease.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 9.— A special
from Ottawa says: The census returns
will show the population of Canada to be
in round figures 5,400,O'X». This will be an
increase of about 600,000 over the figures
of ISM. which were 50S.O0O over those of
X8EL The returns of 1SS1 gave an increase
of 633,000 over the figures for 1S7L
in Population.
Showing Only a Slight Gain
Officials Not Satisfied With Figures,
THINK CENSUS BETTTENS
WERE PADDED IN" CANADA
SHOT BELOW THE HEART
DURING A QUARREL
John Dore, an Ogden Butcher, Al-
though. Badly "Wounded, "Will
Probably lave.
OGDEN, Utah, Aug. 9.— John Dore, a
butcher, was shot this afternoon by a
man named Higgins as the result of a
dispute over a settlement for a bunch of
steers. A.38-caliber bullet passed through
Dore's body about one inch below the
heart. After being shot Dore grappled
with Higgins, and securing the revolver
beat Higgins over the head unmercifully.
The latter escaped by running to his bug
gy and driving to the city, where he gave
himself up to the officers. Dore walked
a mile and a half to his home, where he
calmly awaited the arrival of a physician.
He suffered but little from shock and will
probably live.
against her It gave her something of a
shock.
"I did not know it. Do you know. the
name of his lawyer? Well, I'll tell you.
Let me show you. I have a letterhis son
wrote to him from Texas.. I'm not sur-
"That is all I have to say. I leave this
evening for Kansas City. From there I
go East to fill lecture engagements in
Ohio, New York, Illinois and Tennessee."
prised much. I've been looking for It."
And so she continued, in broken sen
tences for five minutes, when she paused
for a minute's reflection.
"I married him twenty-five years ago at
Holden, Mo.," she resumed, "and all my
friends were opposed to the match. All
the time he has been an incumbrance
upon me, and I have had no respect for
him. I have lived a falsehood by holding
out to the world that I did respect him,
and now that he has gone his way I am
rather glad of it. I feel a great relief.
No, I ¦will not oppose the. divorce unless
he makes false charges. If he charges
desertion I will fight. Oh, yes, I'll ap
pear to see that my rights are taken care
of. But why does he sue for a divorce?
He has no use for a divorce. "Why, he ts
an old man of 73 and can't expect to
marry. Why, I, who don't want a di
vorce, have more use for one than he,"
and she smiled complacently.
"He might have stayed with me to the
end of his days. I was always taking
good care of him. I paid his board and
rent while he was here. When he left me
he took his pension of $20 a month and
$400 in cash. It was all we had, but I
didn't complain. ¦ I can take care ot my
self—you know that— while the poor old
man must have the support of his friends,
and I am the best friend he ever had.
PRINCIPALS IN A, DIVORCE CASE
WHICH .PROMISES TO ATTRACT
CONSIDERABLE ATTENTION.
The petition declares that the City
Council has exceeded its jux-lsdlctlon In at
tempting to set aside the award of the
board of arbitrators which fixed the value
of the water plant at $1,183,591. Thla
award, it is contended, was approved by
an ordinance duly adopted and which has
never been repealed. The City Council.
It Is asserted, has no authority to disre
gard this award and allow the water com
pany {2,000,000 to be raised by a bond is
sue and $1,000,000 of accrued profits that
has accumulated in the treasury since lit
igation placed the company in the hands
of a receiver and tied up the receipts. It
is further contended that this $2,000,000 is
sue of bonds will be in excess of the debt
limit fixed by the city's charter, and
therefore illegal. The case will be tried
before Judge York on a date to be fixed
later.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 9.— An action was
begun to-day in the Superior Court which
mey Indefinitely delay the. bond issue for
municipal acquisition of the water system
row operated by the Los Angeles City
Water Company. '. Dx-Clty Attorney
Charles H. McFarland. In behalf of S.
A. Waldron. a property owner axid tax
payer-of Los Angreles, this morning filed
a petition for a writ of review of the ac
tion of the City Council and for an order
restraining that body from taking fur
ther steps toward the calling of the bond
election.
Petition for "Writ of Review of Muni-
cipal Proceedings in Los
Angeles.
"WTLIi DELAY THE ACTION
ON WATEB BOND CASE
"There is a grave doubt in my opinion
whether, under the peculiar wording of
the statute, the court had Jurisdiction.
This question, however, the court de
cided. At any rate it seemed to me that
the House of Lords proper, -which was pre
sumed to try Lord Russell, had nothing
to do whatever with the trial excent to
aid In its splendor. .The Lord High Stew
ard, with the assistance of the Judge,
not only tried the Earl,' but fixed the pen
alty as well. From the former's own
statements one would be Irresistibly led
to the conclusion that the legal questions
involved had been prejudged. Lord Hals
bury would state his view of the law.
Then he would ask the other Judges if
that view was correct and they would an
swer that it was. As to the penalty I
think that under the peculiar circum
stances of the case a. sentence of one day
woud have been sufficient. It would have
vindicated the law as much as the sen
tence of three months."
"It was an Impressive proceeding be
yond my expectations. In this country
we could nqt and would not have such a
brilliant assemblage. Almost all the lords
were there and in their seats, dressed In
their scarlet robes, trimmed with ermine.
A number of Bishops were present, in
white flowing sleeves, contrasting with the
Judges, in their gowns and wigs, -ranged
in front of the Lord Chancellor, who was
Lord High Steward. The Peeresses, still
dressed in mourning for Queen Victoria,
were at one end, to the left and back of
the Lord High Steward. All was very
solemn except when Lord Halsbury at the
close broke his wand of office. The first
time he tried his knee slipped. He finally
broke it on his knee. •
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— Judge B. F.
Curler of the Second Judicial District of
Nevada, who was to be a witness in the
Earl Russell bigamy trial and who arrived
here on the steamer Majestic, has given
a reporter his . impressions of that cere
mony. Admission to the trial was ex
tremely difficult to obtain, and Judge Cur
ler said, that so far as he knew, only
four Americans were present, Embassador
Choate included. He said:
All the water this evening from the Red
ding mains is Impregnated with oil, and
although disagreeable the discomfort Is
felt less from, a consideration of the con
tention that the oil will destroy all
mosquito larvae on the Sacramento from
Redding to the bay.
These desirable features ot llfo along
the stream have been brought about
through an accident. Through the ignor
ance of a workman with the Mountain
Copper Company at Keswick, the contents
of a car tank of crude oil was pumped
into a storage tank that could only receive
a third of a car tank. More than two
thirds of the crude stuff ran Into Spring
Creek and on Into the Sacramento River.
It is now spread over the river's surface
and Is rapidly making Its way to tide
water.
REDDING, Ausr. 9.— Navigation is safe
and mosquitoes are in danger of extermi
nation on the Sacramento Itiver.
Does Not Believe House of
. Lords Had Jurisdiction to {
Try the Case.
Drinking Water at Redding
Is Flavored With
Petroleum.
Judge Curler of Nevada
Describes Trial of
Earl Russell.
Accident at Keswick
Makes Trouble for
Mosquitoes.
SAYS SENTENCE
WAS EXCESSIVE
OIL GLISTENS
ON THE RIVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1901.
Mrs. Carrie Nation, the tem
perance crusader. Mr. Nation, who is
now visiting in Iberia, Ohio, alleged that
his wife held him up to public ridicule,
neglected her family duties and aban
doned his home.
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 9.— When the
correspondent of The Call this afternoon
informed Mrs. Carrie Nation of the suit
for- divorce her husband has instituted
MEDICINE LODGE. Kans., Aug.
9. — David Nation, through his
attorney, to-day brought suit
for a divorce from his wife,
Aged Husband Alleges That His Better Half, the Notorious Kansas
Saloon Wrecker,' Has Abandoned His Home, Neglected .Her
Family Duties and Held Him Up to Public Ridicule
DAVID NATION DEMANDS DIVORCE
FROM HIS WIFE, CARRIE THE SMASHER
5
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^j^^.
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE |CARrp|«±£ SEE
genuine If |Ver K ESSES, genuine
If p| its F0R COHSTIPATIOM.
wr APPFR MLmJM % " F0R SALL0W SKIH - WRAPPFR
- . . GTSSXTCrSZ MUSTMAVtUPMATUItC.
25 Cents I Pnrely *Vegeta2ble./&t&~~^s*^,
"FRIIsTT^^D COST REID PAPER."
RAIL-WAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
7ralDi lt»i»»n nnil mr« iluo lo »rrl«« w*
MAN »K*.\<IH< «».
(Main Line, Foot of Market 3tre«l)
I.»AT» — TBOM JPIT It. 19Q1. — A»KIT»
7:OOa Benida, Suisau, E'mir* and Sacrm-
uit-nto , B;.i f
"iOOa VtCiTillo, WIUcm, Runuey ?:33p
• iUua Martinez. Saullaniou.VHJlejo. Napa.
Cultstop&aml Santi lion. 4l:33p
• - S:OOa Davte. Woodland. Knlg&ts Landing,
Msrjifiile. urotille.. TiSSp
S:0<u A Mantle Kz press— Ogden and East ia.-a.Sp
»»««a Niles, Lathrop, Stockton ?:2:»*
BiOOAXiles, Mendota. Hanford. Visali*.
rcrttrrille 4:35*
• :SU a Shasta Express— DatU. Williams (for
Bartlett Sprirgs). Willows, tted
BluC, Portland. 7:33*
• tilOA San .loss, Llfermore. Stockton,
ione. Macrai.iento. PlaeerflUe.
•' M»rj»?HI.«, Chlo, lte.! ItlutT 4>S3p
*¦?•>* Oakdalp, Chinese (YcMmite). rtt-
nora. Carters 4:2.1r
HiOO* Has ward, Niln aud S*j Stations.. I I.-S.i*
•iWOa Vallejo l«:23r
«i««a Los i Angeles - Express — Maitinm,
• . . Tracy, luttiirop. .Stock tou. Merced
Fresuo and Los Asgaiea ?:3Jt
9:IIOa Vallrjn, Marliues ami Way Buttons 7:5»p
10:00* The Oterlaml Limited— Ogilsti. Den-
»er, Oiuaha. Chicago 6:<V5p
flsOftp Sacramento KI»er Hie*nierii {3:O»*
8:3<»p Haywact, Niles and Way Mlatlom.. 7:o3p
«i««r Heuicfa. Winters. Maeniiieuto.
Woodland, Kniglita Lauding.
UarjrsTlile. Orofille 10:33*
4<0flp Martinez, Hau . lUmoii, Valltjo.
Nap*. ('wllstnKn. Sauta llosa tt>33%
4xOOp Niles, Livermora. Stockton. Lodi... I323r
4>:«»rHayward.Nilea. Man .loan. IJ*trmore t»'-"*»A
«:3»r Port Cos.a. Tracy, La'.hrop. Stockton H»:«3»
3:00rTlie Owl Limited— Fresuo, TuUre,
BakereSeld, Uangns for Santa liar-
bars, Los Atiffelea.... SiS.Ia
BrOOp Martin's. Autlouh. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno l*:«3p
8tO»p Tosemite Uu3r
SiSOr .New Orleans Eipre»n-Mendota,
Fresno, Bakers fie.d. Los Angeles,
Doming. El Paso. New Orle»ua
«nd E«»t .• 7i.i3«
«:OOp Hay ward. Niles and San Joaa 7i3.1t
t«tOOr Vallejo ll>23«
ViOOr Oriental Mall— Ojfilen, Cbeyenno.
Omaha. Chicago 12:23r
•tOOp Oriental Jlall— Ogden, Denter.
8t Looli Chicago. 4sS3p
7<«*r Oregon aud California lCxi>r»m.N*e.
. IKiiieutit. MaiTSflila. Kn.l.lliig.
I'ortlHiul. Tugsk Huui.il mid Kasl Si3Aa '
SiOirSan Pablo, Fort Costa. Martinet
at.d Way Stations 11:23*
t»lO3p Vallelo.. •?»»•>?
COAST IjINB (>'»i roir <;»*.*«).
(Foot otiliirket Street.) i'/.i.- : ;
}7:43a Santa Cmz Exennion to danU Crtu
and Principal Way Stations t9:O4y
¦sISa Newark. Cetilerf llle.Mau.lum. Kelton.
Moulder Cnek.&auta Ortiz aud Way
ttUUoun »¦»<»»
ta<ISp Nowark Centertllle. San .lose, New V -
Almadan, Faiton, ISouliW Creek.
8auU Crax and Principal Way
Statlona iitsiiit
4sl»p Newark. .Sun Jose. I<cs Gatoa t»i.t«t
««iiap Glen wood. Bonlder Creek. SmntaCrm >»:5Ot
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma Sll FUSCISCO— roov of Mirktt Strut (Sks 8)—
T7-.15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3;C3 B:1Sf.m.
rrtmOlIUIB— r««» •(Br««d»«i. — 1<>:00 ta.00 t3;01
10:00*.M. 12:03 8:03 4:33 P.M. "
COAST LINE (Uroail Uange).
(Third and Townseml Sts.)
G: I »a 8an Jose and Way utationa... ....... «i;it»*
t7:«Oa Hail Jos* and Way Stiitipim... li»»r
/7:«»A New Aliuaden / 4il0l
{7iVwa Sunday Exennion for San Jcsa,
Hant% Crur. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations I3i30»
SiOUa Ban Jow. HoUiater. Hania Cnm.
Paeillo (Uofe, Salinas, San Lnis
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Pria-
dpal Intermediate Stations ?i3fty
IOiSOa Ban Joe and Way Stations.. C:30p
1 IrSOA Han Josa ami Way SUtions Si3OS>
tJti ia» 8an Mateo. ltedwood. M^nlo Park,
Palo Alto, flanta Clara, San .logo.
Hol'ister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Ptclllc GrnTe (10:43*
*>sor San Jose. Tres Finos. Santa Cms.
Paciflo GroTS aud Way Statlona .4:1 Op
ftilSp 8aa Joseaml Principal Way Stations l»:-4* k
iSzOOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Prindpal
Way Stations {DtOOi
Ss3Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:36*
•iOOp Redwood, 8an Jose. Gllroy. Salinas.
Sauta Barbara, Los Angeles 1«:O3a
•:3Op San Jose aud WayStatioua ft' 0 "*
all;45pSan Joaoand Way Stations 7l3T
A for Moruinf . P for Afternoon. '
t .Sunday excepted. J Sunday only,
a Saturday only. . « Monday.
« Saturday an* Sunday. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
GALiFORIIi RORTHIESTEB! SI. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIF1S
RAILWAY COMPANY. '
Tlburcn Ferry. Foot of Market Sfc.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
¦ at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. ll:C0 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
i>an Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:30. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:«.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:25 p. rn.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9M0. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
5:05. ii:25 p. m. : ft'
Leave I In Effect } Arrive.
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Destination.! days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, 8:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburgr. 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. [ 7:35 pm! 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40. am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:C0 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 prn Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am| 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:C0 pml Sevastopol. ( 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdals
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell"9.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Willlts, Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ - •
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicla
Boildlng. >
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN".
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS.
Daily Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
« Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*.
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. 633 Market st.
a Dr. Gibbon's Disponsary,
629 KEARHT ST. Established
in 1S54 fortbe treatment n( Privnto
Diseases. Lmt Manbood. Debility or
dlspas** wearing on body ami mind anrt -
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor euros when Eg
others fail.- Try him. Charges lowC\" J
CnrftEnarnnlrrd. Callorwrlta,
Dr. JT. Jt\ U5BBO.V. sau Francisco. CaU
ADVEBTISEMENTS^
YOUR BEST GIRL
Can tell you -when your laundry is right.
She will notice if it is not done up well
quicker than you are likely to. If you
want to make your best appearance al-
ways before your best girl you should
have your work done at the United States
Laundry, because here everything Is done
carefully, and your shirts, collars and
cuffs are always right. Send your ad-
dress on a postal; the wagon will call.
No saw edges. ,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
GOtTORKHGA AND URIMARY DISCHARGES
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT ! RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Specia
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
new Western hotel,
If EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
** modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $S -week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: flre grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran ?:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
11 Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:03 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.'. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla... 3:40 p 4:43 a.
"Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p. 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. . Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
flrst-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. . . •
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding • train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars -to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at' Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
lanrl.
N.ORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Parry. ,
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:53, 8:30, *9:30. 11:00 a m .
12:45. *l:io, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. "6:13. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For ¦ Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. *10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. ni., 12:43. »l:30. 2:30, •ZAS, 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a, m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. i
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 'o^d, 6:27, 7:47, 8:33, 10:15
a. m.. •12:25.- 1:15. 2:20. *3:35. 4:40.. 5:30 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *8:C0. 9:43, *11:00 a. m. *12
m.. 1:00, 2:13, *3:30, 4:30, »5:43. 6:43, 7:30, 10:1.)
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43, 7:55., 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:33. IMS. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10, 5:3) p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS • on Mondays, Wednesdays
and . Saturdays at 7.10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m., 12:13
l-'O 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. 6:13. 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . .
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:13 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. •
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and "way stations
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. " . ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
YU 8»ai»Uto Ferry— Foot or Market St.
&SAVC SAN FRAN* ' AHH1VC SAN **ff fliffll. '
™>£-£*.....WEEK DAYS..... < »;§* •£
8:00 a. m.V fl2hdp. u.
9:00 a. H. I 1:15 P.M.
10:00 a. m. I emiDATS J SSO v. u.
130p.lt'. I (jOr.K,
250 p. M.J . , I 7:10 p. u.
rare. Sin FrttistM* la Summit tai Rotorc, II. W
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SansaHto Ferry.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
If At Petoskey, Awaiting a Frost. At Home, Using Cocaine. Cured by Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
I These people ran away from hay fever. They These people are trying to tough It out at These peoplo took a course of Stuart's |
are neglecting home duties, barred from home home by checking down the distress with prep- Catarrh Tablets, and, immune to pollen poisons. - g
pleasures, simply prisoners to locality wait- arations containing cocaine. They should , they hail the glad Summertime as the pleasant- i
Ing for a frost. beware of drugs that enslave. ¦ • . est part of the year. • U%
In a recent issue of a medical journal, an editorial, written exclusively for physicians, says: . "Something more than an |
external irritant is required.to produce hay fever. Country people are surrounded by a pollen-laden atmosphere; the fields are full |
of ripening grasses, the ever-present rag weed grows in luxuriance, the golderirod blooms by every roadside, and their pollens float 1
on every breeze, yet nearly all the hay fever victims are from the populous centers and of a class shut up in the study, the counting |
|| house, the factory, or store, where the atmosphere is as free as possible from plant dust." ' • ' 1
j| The results of treatment go to prove the same fact, that the real fault is with the individual, that hay fever is a systemic or gj
I constitutional disease rendering one particularly susceptible to the influence of substances that' have no unpleasant effect on healthy |
j& and constitutionally right folks. . . , -. ; ; . : |
i Local applications alone never did and never will cure hay fever. /Most local remedies, that give relief, contain cocaine that 1
I deadens the affected tissues and lulls the more distressing symptoms to temporary rest, but must be resorted to so frequently as to, \
|H each season, fasten the dreadful cocaine habit on a considerable percentage of hay fever victims . ti
13 To cure hay fever we must not rely on the local tinkering of mere symptoms but address remedies to the deep-seated consti- I
1 9 tutional cause that permits of the local irritations. ¦ — ..';¦ . , . . . * P
1 1 he only real cure for hay fever > a^ the onlv true cur e for catarrh, consists in so influencing the system by internal or con- 1
|| stitutional treatment as to enable it to withstand, and be immune to all plant dast irritants. Correct the constitutional weakness .1
II that allows of the disease, by proper internal treatment, and, like healthy folks, you will not have hay fever. , • - 1
til There is one remedy that will do this; will so alter, strengthen and fortify the system that it will be proof against pollen 1
II poisons. It is the same remedy that has cured so many thousands of catarrh by building them up out of a systemic weakness that §
HI permitted of catarrhal conditions. ' ' ',. . .V ' p
|| vStuart's Catarrh Tablets if taken in time will render the system resistant to hay fever, and one will no more have it than do 1
III other people who are equally exposed to plant dust. . II
H To wholly escape hay fever one must begin the tablets some time before the attack usually comes on. If one waits until the I
IH disease is already manifest/to take the tablets, they will relieve to some degree, and, in a measure ward off the disease. ft
jp Begin early, get your system thoroughly under the influence of the tablets and in perfect condition to resist influences that M
H do not affect healthy and constitutionally right people; escape the annual vexations and miseries that attend hay fever, stay at §
H home among your friends attending to life's duties and pleasures, and enjoy the beautiful Summer and Fall months, when all nature i
Hj rejoices and normal folks are happy and content. . • . ,. m
r^ All drug stores sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at 5a cents a box. They contain 1 no cocaine or opiates, so common to hay fever 1
H remedies, and are safe as they are reliable and satisfactory. Try them and be convinced. We will send booklets about hay fever 1
Hj and catarrh free for the asking. F. A: Stuart Company, Marshall, Mich.;"' ' ' .' MStops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Siegert'8 Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.'
Over 8.000,000 persons in Germany are
insured against illness.
Woman was created out one of man's
ribs, and In a good many cases she seta to
have his backbone too.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and -public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets.- 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1^ at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
_LARGEST HOTELS-S. S., Giant. Cal.
The largest hotel in the United States,
aside from the temporary one at Buffalo
?, P8 £ wV, 1 * 6 Pan - Am erican Exposition.
13 the Waldorf-Astoria. New York city
•±ne next largest is the Palace In San
Francisco. The Palace is joined with the
Grand by a covered passage across Mont
gomery street south. If. by reason of
this, the two are classed as one hotel
then the Palace is fully as large a* the
Waldorf-Astoria, which has about 1703
rooms.
WASHINGTON, Aug. £>.— The following
Cal!fornlans arrived to-day and registered
as follows: At the Metropolitan— C. H.
Merithew and wife of Oakland; at the
National— C. H. Phillips of San Francisco.
Ignorant'? Of course there are excep
tions — the gentleman himself may be one
of them — but they ! are exceptions that
prove the rule. . • . .,
But, to leave this slanderer of his more
humble co-laborers, I believe that every
student who -has attended the summer
school .at Berkeley this year has thor
oughly enjoyed the work. Perhaps no one
is more deserving of a word of thanks
than the uniformly courteous \ librarian,
Mr. Layman, who with his assistants Is
always ready to help the earnest "thlrst
ers" after knowledge. Let us r ever re
member that after all it Is these patient,
reliable people who keep the world mov
ing, and who, without traveling up and
down the country heralding strange no
tions to attract a passing notoriety, are
stea>liiy performing the duty that lies
nearest. And' If any have been hurt or
discouraged by the thoughtless words of
any speaker, let them, as they return
faithfully to devote themselves to the dis
charge of their common round and daily
task, remember the words of the Master
Teacher, saying that they who help the
children shall in nowise lose their reward.
August- 8.: HERBERT LEE, •
_ Hlgrh School, Portland,, Or.
Calif ornians in Washington.
COMPOSITUM-R I>. H., Oakland. Cal.
Compositum mlraculi causa" is Latin
quoted from the works of Tacitus, the
famous Roman historian who lived about
A. D. 53-117. The words mean "a narra
tive made up only for the sake of the
wonder which it may occasion"; one of
those fictions the object of which Is less
to Inform than to startle, the reader. From
this H would seem that yellow journalism
dates back to that early period.
RIGHT OF BURIAL-M. N City a
Catholic owner of a plat in a Catholic
cemetery is not permitted to have burled
therein the remains of a person of a dif
ferent denomination without permission
of the Archbisnop in whose jurisdiction
the cemetery is.
TWO OLD STEAMERS— A. S City
There are no records in this city that fur
nisn the dimensions of old Mississippi
River steamers that were on the river
thirty or more years ago.
SNOWSTORM-O. S.. City. There la no
record of the first snowstorm In San
Francisco, which became known by that
•When- a market is attained by such methods let it
be understood that it can be held and made perma
nently profitable only by continuing the means that
have- captured .it. Commercial honor, fidelity to
trademarks when once established, and treating the
consumer in good faith, are the only means of holding
a market. One attempt at deception, once putting
inferior goods under a superior label, 'will destroy in
a year a market that has been conquered by many
years of honest effort. There is a profitable market
in the world for every pound of first-class California
fruit, andfor every pint of first-class California wine
and brandy. This market is quite unaffected by hard
times, since the people', who want these things are
always able to pay for them. . \
Germany has been expanding her foreign trade by
doing just what* the Secretary of Agriculture pro
poses to do. Scientific attention and the bringing
of trained minds to the assistance of the producer ac
count in great part for Germany's success in com
peting with England. ; It is now proposed that the
Agricultural Department induce the fruit-growers
to entrust the picking, packing and preparation of
their product for export to scientific oversight, in
order that by commercial honor and intelligent study
oLmethods they may capture a, market. To* induce
this, risk is transferred from the producer to the Gov
ernment. Not many producers will avail themselves
of this offer, but their experience will enlighten the
entire mass of producers, who willbe equally bene
fited:
Our meat products did not appeal to the foreign
market until foreign packers came to this country
and cut the meat in such packages and cured it in
such a way as made it acceptable to the trade abroad.
One great bar to our export trade is the failure of
the American exporter to study his market. He is' in
the habit of preparing his product in a certain way
for the home consumer, and if the foreign consumer
does not like it that way. he. can let it, alone.
THE proposition of the Agricultural Department
to make practical study of foreign markets for
fruit, and of the preparation .of the product to
meet the taste of the consumer, is perhaps misunder
stood. ; • .r.-*
COUNT IN CRIBBAGE— C. City. Three
sixes, a four and a five turned up in crib
bage count 21.
P. Ottersen, Consul General of Sweden
and Norway to Yokohama, Japan, is at
the Palace, where he arrived yesterday en
route to the Orient to assume his post.
J. H. Bernett, traffic manager | of the
Nevada, California and Oregon Railroad,
is In town on a short business trip.
G. McM. Ros3, a wealthy mining man of
Virginia City, Nev., is among the recent
arrivals at the. Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Brown, prominent
society people of Los Angeles, are among
the late arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. H. Thompson, is at the Grand on a
short visit to this city from his home in
Boomville. y
Count Arnin Is at the Palace.
Jesse D. Carr, the Salinas capitalist, is
a guest at the /Palace.
W. N. Sherman, an attorney of Fresno,
is registered at the Lick.
And then this last celebrity, this
prophet crying in the wilderness to be
nighted, bigoted, narrow-minded teachers
of the United States— what an interesting
specimen of warped humanity! The gen
tleman'does not seem to recognize what It
means when teachers .who have been con
fined, to the schoolroom for „. nine or ten
months put in their ¦ summer hot In : the
mountains or "at the seaside .but at* the
university. I for one am foolish enough
to be proud" to belong to a body of work
ers so thoroughly interested in their
work. And do a teacher's duties neces
sarily make him narrow? As a teacher
of history, is" he not carefully guarding
himself against being In any way a par
tisan ? In dealing with students, does not
the teacher study above all things to
maintain a strict impartiality? Is he not
continually careful of the religious sensi
bilities, of the children : committed to his
charge? Is not the teacher usually found
holding a prominent position in . the lit
eraryr historical and scientific societies of
the place in which he lives? Can the pro
fession that thus makes him careful,
tactful; 'considerate, 'make him" at .the
sanie • time 'narrow-minded/- bigoted • and
But perhaps the most interesting study,
particularly for students of character, has
been that of the cranks we have had from
the East. The sensational teacher 'of
rhetoric who dealt in unpleasant epithets
was, after all, vastly entertaining. And
it is only fair to ; say that, however
strange he may be as a teacher, his bocks'
show that he knows how to express him
self on paper in good, clear, forcible Eng
lish.'. . - ¦ . '
Professor Bacon's lectures on nine
teenth century history were of special in
terest to many, especially his discourses
on socialism, Kipling and the Boer war.
In Professor Page's class in economics
discussions were had on such vital ques
tions" as wages, sound money, strikes and
unions, and some students at any rate
will go away with much clearer ideas on
these matters than they previously enter
tained. ¦-.'¦'¦
Editor San Francisco Call: The Berke
ley Summer School, which has just closed,
has been interesting in many ways. The
lectures of Professor Stephens have been
masterly throughout. On Monday last, as
indeed on several previous occasions, the
class broke out into prolonged applause.
His thorough mastery of detail, breadth
of view, felicity of expression, and, above
all,, his exquisite, sense of humor have
helped students to get clearer views not
only of American and Indian history but
also of such general subjects as expansion
and the governing of brown . people by
white. . .
SHIPPING FRUIT.
t PERSONAL MENTION.
A West Virginian was fined $5 the other day for
cursing a trial jury which could not agree upon a
verdict. Since it is reasonable to suppose that the
punishment fit the crime it is hardly necessary to ad
monish reputable people not to hazard their interests
in the keeping of West Virginian juries.
It must not be supposed that those who believe the
increase of speed to be due mainly to the improvement
That breeding and training have immensely bene
fited the American trotter is not to be doubted. It
is asserted that at the beginning of the nineteenth cen
tury there was not a tbree : minute horse in the United
States, while now we have something like 17,50b trot
ters with records of 2:30 or better. The improvement
naturally enough has advanced most rapidly in late
years. It ; took twenty-five years to reduce Flora
Temple's record of 2:19^ to 2:10' with the old high
wheeled sulky, but since the introduction of the bike
sulky the time has been lowered by trotter after trot
ter, until now the horse that. will reach, the. coveted
two-minute gait is thought- to be almost in' sight.
One of these experts writing for the Philadelphia
Enquirer states the case in this way: "The sulky that
Lady Suffolk pulled in her record of 2:29^ weighed
95 pounds. The sulky that Flora Temple pulled in
her record of 2:1954 weighed 65 pounds; the one that
Maud S pulled in her record of 2:o8j4 weighed 48^2
pounds. They were all high- wheel sulkies. The" bike
sulky that Nancy Hanks pulled in 'her record of 2:04
weighed 40 pounds; the. one The Abbot pulled in his
record of 2:03% weighed 20 pounds. It has always
been conceded by all practical horsemen that the dif
ference between the bike sulky weighing 40 pounds
and the high-wheel sulky weighing 48^ pounds to the
average horse is 4l4 to 5 seconds. Nancy Hanks'
record of 2:04 to a 40-pound 'bike' sulky is 4J4 sec
onds faster than Maud S's record of 2:o8& to high
wheels. Now, any genuine trotting horse man admits
that the difference between the high wheels and bike
is from 4 J /j to 5 seconds, which places Nancy Hanks
on an equality with- Maud S. The sulky The Abbot
pulled in his record of 2:03^ weighed half as much as
the one that Nancy Hanks pulled, and his record is
three-quarters of a second faster than Nancy Hanks'.
Now, the whole thing is in a nutshell. . Does the
weight that the trotter pulls when making extreme
speed count or not? If weight and friction don't,
count, then the trotting horse is S X A seconds faster,
than he was fifteen years ago. And if weight and fric
tion do count, then the trotter is about where he was
"in speed' fifteen years ago.. And you can't make
anything else out of it. Facts don't lie, and you
can't smother facts with theories."
CRESCEUS' wonderful performance in lower
ing the trotting record has naturally" given
rise to a good deal of discussion as to the
probability that we shall have a two-minute trotter
within the near future. Some experts, accepting the
record of Cresceus when compared with that of for
mer trotters as an evidence of the immense advance
which breeding has produced in the speed of trie
American horse, calculate it will not be long before a
horse will be bred who can make his mile in an even
two minutes. Other experts insist that the increased
speed shown by trotters of late years has been due
not to the breeding of the horse but to the improve
ment of the sulky.: They even go so far 'as to in
sist that it is doubtful whether Cresceus could; beat
the record of Maud S if he had to pull the old
fashioned sulky.
THE .HORSE OR THE SULKY.
Kitchener seems to have found that burning the
homesteads of the Boers has about the same effect
as knocking down a hornets' nest.
THE .SUMMER SCHOOL.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
EDITOR SAN FRANCISCO CALL: "A Workman," it
appears to me, fails to comprehend your editorial on the
equality of incorporated labor and incorporated capital.
Wherever there is organization there is power, and
wherever there is power there is potential abuse. This
was soon recognized when capital appeared In corporate form,
and the law immediately began to hedge corporations around
not to destroy their power for good but to limit their. power
for evil. Legal responsibility followed them steadily and in
the process expanded into the gTeat body of the law of 'cor
porations, which the. courts daily enforce. Now labor organ
izes as eld capital. Is it likely that the resulting power will
be always used so wisely that it needs no legal restraint?
The employer of labor, corporate or individual, cannot
evade responsibility. He must keep his contracts and agree
ments with his employes and his customers and creditors
because the courts make him.
But a labor union has no legal standing. It may make a
contract to-day and break it to-morrow at will. But the same
contract can be enforced in the courts against the employer.
As I understand your editorial, it was to advocate, equality
of legal responsibility between the employer and the labor
union.
The members of a union' can • now destroy an employer's
business and prevent his use of his plant and property and the
law offers hfm no remedy. . --
As for the contracts which "A Workman" says are "always
kept by the union, look at the agreements madeand signed in
this city and broken by the unions and their members. Look
again at the same kind of contracts made In the Eastern steel
mills and ordered broken by President Shaffer, who says to the
union workmen that their oaths and obligations to the union
precede and are more binding than their contracts. This is
claiming a power to vitiate contracts that the constitution
denies to the States and a power that the courts themselves
cannot exercise, except on the ground of good conscience and
public policy.
Employers do not oppose organized labor. They approve it.
But they oppose and will resist to the end the attempt to use
the power of organization ,to destroy their control of their own
business. It is not a question of wages nor of hours. Tho
lawfulness of a purpose may be judged by the lawfulness of
the means used in its accomplishment. Will "A Workman"
insist that It is lawful to use violence and intimidation to pre
vent a non-union workman from getting employment and
earning his bread? Is it lawful to compel a man to join any
society or organization before he is allowed to support himself
by labor?
Have the police ever been called on to protect on© set of
employers against personal violence from another set? Has
it ever been necessary to call on all the police in the city to pro
tect union workmen against personal violence by non-union
workmen or by employers?
Is there anything more pitiful in the day laborer carrying
his lunch back home to be eaten in idleness than in tho work
men in this city who violated their written agreements with
their employers at the order of the walking delegate and quit
work -With no grievance and wept as they did it?
Employers will submit to no more invasion of their right
to do business by a legally irresponsible power. Let responsi
bility to the law equal the power that is assumed and they
will know where they stand. We cannot have a higher law
than the law of the land, which impairs the obligations of con
tracts at the dictation of Mr. Shaffer, Mr. O'CoWll or Mr
Casey. We are not striking at- labor unions, but at extraor
dinary power unrestrained by law or responsibility "• ttaor
San Francisco, Aug. 9. *a N EMPLOYER.
While Not Disapproving Organized Labor, He Says the Employers Will Re
i fuse to Submit to Attempts to Destroy Control of Their Own Business.
EVERYTHING BELONG^ TO EVERY
BODY.
THE economic section of the Women's Christian
Temperance Union, in session at Pacific Grove,
has been enlightened by several learned men
on social snd economic questions. Professor Fowler
of the State University finds all existing industrial and
social conditions subject to indictment and trial on
several counts, and to sentence to public ownership of
public utilities as a remedy. In his view such solu
tion is to immediately happify labor and put the
demon capital in a close cage, where he can do no
more harm to the world. The public ownership of
all the large utilities is the rule in those parts of
Europe where labor is the unhappiest and the most
anxious to escape. We are receiving our largest, and
probably our least welcome and least desirable, im
migration from countries on the continent of Europe
where these experiments in state paternalism have
gone the farthest. If public paternalism is capable of
taking the spider out of labor's biscuit and lifting
from its back all burdens, the tide of immigration
should be from this country instead of to it. Human
instinct seems a more reliable guide than the misdi
rected intelligence of men. Nothing is easier than
to dream a Utopia. Fourier, Gronlund and Bellamy
have created ideal conditions in their dreams, but
wherever the attempt is made to concrete those ideals
and put them in every day practice one may look for
the very centers of human discontent.
American advocates of public paternalism go fur
ther than is proposed in Europe. One of the speak
ers at Pacific Grove recognized the advantage of the
trusts in economizing production, and, as they were
a good thing that far, in his estimation, proposed that
they be passed around by the government assuming
ownership and administration of their business. This
means public ownership of the metal, textile and ma
chinery manufacture of the country, and the prosecu
tion of all those industries as a public enterprise.
The only industry left out of this generous pro
gramme seems to be the tilling of the soil. Just why
the government is not to be the only farmer in the
country as well as the only railroader and manufac
turer is not made clear. If Uncle Sam can hold the
lever of a locomotive, make cloth, machinery and
steel ingots, why can't he take in hand the plow and
pruning-hook and produce anything from prunes to
spuds?
There is no instance on record of permanent bene
fit to any nation or people that sought contentment
in any of these experiments; Trials of artificial
schemes in finance, industry and other things which
normally are the evolution of natural causes have
always failed to bring the results promised by dream
ers. Men have rushed to the place where these rain
bows touch the earth to dig for the promised pot of
gold, but have never found it. They have returned
to the old way of work, thrift, temperance and eco
nomy, and, walking therein, have continually bet
tered their condition and added to their basket and
their store.
Wise men prefer to depend upon themselves to get
their share under conditions that make it their own
rather than run the risk of sharing all with the lazy,
thriftless and drunken in a state where everything is
everybody's.
• Once more the rumor has been sent tfroadcast that
Paul Kruger will visit us. It is said that he will land
in the United States about the middle of September.
Much as we may sympathize his cause, the won
der is. Why is he coming?
Clifton R. Brcckinridge has emerged from retire
ment to say free silver is dead in Arkansas; so it
seems that even that State. is keeping up with the pro-«
cession.
The Democratic statesman who said "There is no
political situation this 3'ear" was slightly mistaken.
There is situation enough, but there is no Democracy
In it, or even near enough to it to sec it.
"EMPLOYER" REPLIES TO "WORKMAN" AND DECLARES
UNION MEMBERS HAYE VIOLATED THEIR AGREEMENTS
THERE is every prospect that an American will soon be
come master of the royal palace, Osborne House, Isle of
Wight. * "- .
. King Edward has determined to get rid of it for two
reasons— its, inaccessibility and the fact that it costs $60,
000 a year to keep up. The latter is, of course, the more im
portant reason in the estimation of his Majesty, whose econom
ical trend has been shown by the sale of sherries H from the
royal cellars and by his discharge of the old retainers of the
late Queen Victoria.
At first the King decided to sell Osborne House outright,
and it was then understood that William Waldorf Astor would
pay for it any price his Majesty might name. Mr. Astor's in
tention was to present the famous royal residence to his
daughter on the occasion of her marriage to the Duke of Rox
burghe.
There is, by the way, a hitch in the arrangements for this
wedding because of the Duke's objection to the stringency of
the marriage settlements.
His Majesty's private lawyers, however, called his atten
tion to a clause in the will of his mother, Queen Victoria, un
der which he was only given a life title to the palace. It was
the late Queen's favorite residence. At Osborne she relaxed
the royal etiquette; "cut out all formality and became quite
neighborly .with the folk in her vicinity. There she delighted
In entertaining her old friends informally and in storing her
favorite books and hric-a-brac.
Finding he could not sell the palace. Kins Edward deter
mined to lease It, and hia advisers were Instructed to loo*
around for a lessee with "good money." These advisers have
decided on an "American millionaire" as the most likely to
appreciate the tangible and sentimental value of the property,
expressed by the conversational powers of the realm's coin In
appropriate and necessary proportions.
Senator William A. Clark of. Montana is anxious to leasa
the palace, and It Is said he has written to the Kins asklns
him "how much he will take."
Another millionaire ambitious to walk with the feet of own
ership where royalty loved to tread is Charles T. Yerkes. Mr.
Yerkes some time ago publicly stated that an American mil
lionaire could not lead a desirable life in America: that Eng
land was the only field for true money domesticity, and that
he intended to select for himself a quiet residence "among the
green lanes of Albion," or words to that effect. He sees his op
portunity in the lease of Osbdrne House, and he, too. Is ready
to pass to his Majesty a check for the desired amount.
Mr. Astor Is still a bidder, though the hitch in the marriage
arrangements of Miss Pauline Astor may lead to hesitancy
on his part.
The old servants of the late Queen could very likely b« pro
cured by any of the millionaires and the royal atmosphere b«
thereby preserved.
KING EDWARD FINDS THE LATE QUEEN'S FAVORITE RESIDENCE AN EXPENSIVE OLD PILE AND IS ABOUT
TO LEASE THE PLACE. .' IT IS SAID THAT EITHER WILLIAM. WALDORF ASTOR. CHARLES T. YERKES
OR SENATOR W. A. CLARK MAY BECOME THE LESSEE..
The subject is worth the attention of. the Pacific
Commercial Museum, since the King's project seems
to offer an opportunity to extend our trade in Asia.
The directors of the museum might at least encour
age his desire to visit us by assuring the President
that if he will invite the King San Francisco will guar
antee him a royal welcome.
The reception of a royal personage always entails
a great deal of expense and no little trouble and an
noyance to American officials, but in this case it would
seem to be worth while undertaking it. There is a
considerable demand in Siam for the products of civ
ilization, but at present nearly the whole of that de
mand is supplied from Europe. Still, American trade
is making considerable progress there. The corre
spondent of the Record says: "The stars and stripes
have not been seen in the harbor of Bangkok for
over six years, but American commerce is finding its
way there, and her products are commending them
selves in competition with the cheap stuffs that flood
the Orient. Japan has opened her doors to Ameri
can goods, and the ways of Japan are the ambition of
her little sister. All of this makes the King the more
desirous of knowing the United States."
Americans residing in Siam are reported to be de
sirous of having the King make a visit to this country,
as they believe it would have the effect of promoting
trade. Consequently they will make an effort to get
the President to extend an invitation to his Majesty.
If the tour be arranged the King will come in his own
yacht to San Francisco, and from this point will travel
as the guest of the United States.
The Bangkok correspondent of the Philadelphia
Record in discussing the intention of the King says:
"He appreciates -that for one monarch to visit the
realm of another means an invitation from the sov
ereign host, and more or less recognition on the part
of the Government to which he is of necessity in the
position of a guest. He at the same time appreciates
that with our republic it must be quite otherwise, and
while he fully understands this and would be glad to
go to the United States ( in a' private capacity, if he
could do so, for the sake of the education it would
be to himself and to his people, he feels a fear that to
go in such a manner might be regarded in Siam as in
dicating something of hostility, or, at least, indiffer
ence, to his country." . •
His Majesty, it seems, is the more- particular on
the subject of his reception by reason of certain mis
representations which were made of his tour of Eu
rope some years ago. He wishes to guard against
similar misrepresentations or misinterpretations
should he visit us, and accordingly there will have to
be a good deal of diplomatic work done in arranging
for the visit. . . . . ¦ /
HAMILTON KING, United States Minister to
Siam, is reported to have been informed by
the Minister of Foreign Affairs of that king
dom that. King Chulalongkorn would like a pay; a
visit to this country in the near, future. It appears
he is to visit Japan next year,, and would be glad of
an opportunity to extend his tour to the. United
States, but he does not intend to come unless he' can
be sure that he will be received in a way that will not
lower him in the eyes of his people.
. A PROBABLE ROYAL VISIT.
A Texas desperado was sentenced a few days ago
to fifty years' imprisonment for murder, but justice
will, not be satisfied until she tries him for two more
murders. The blind lady of the Lone Star State must*
think that her criminals are immortal. ; ":
Without further delay every Republican should ob
tain a list of the delegates nominated by the Republi
can League Club in his district and carefully com
pare it with the tickets offered him for voting on
election day. The only way to beat the bosses is to
vote for the candidates nominated by the Primary
League. A vote cast for those delegates will be- a
vote for true Republicanism, honest politics, a strong
ticket and good government.
. Only a few days intervene between now and the
date of the primaries. They should be days of activity
among the better elements of the Republican party.'
The bosses are active and are working day and night
to rally every voter, whether he belong to the Kelly
or to the Rainey push, so that they can swing the
whole crowd at the Republican primaries. It is a fore
gone conclusion that the vote at the Democratic pri
maries will be light. Nearly the whole body of the
touts and toughs that support the bosses of that camp
will this time help Kelly and Gage and Herrin to
capture the Republican nominating convention. That
is the danger that confronts Republicanism.
That the bosses will resort to all sorts of falsehoods
and trickery for the purpose of deceiving the unwary
is to be expected. Dirty politics is their element.
They delight in it and would practice it even if there
were no profit in it. Consequently voters must be on
the lookout for frauds on election day or before.
Doubtless many a Kelly heeler will pretend to be an
anti-boss candidate on election day, and will seek
votes by such misrepresentations. Men who have not
posted themselves on the course of the campaign
may be deceived by such tactics, and accordingly
every genuine Republican should make sure that he
has the right ticket when he goes to the polls.
No stanch and stalwart Republican can donsent to
yield the party to the control of such men as are now
gathered around Kelly; nor would any independent
citizen ' support a party that should consent to such
a surrender. A Kelly victory at the primaries would
mean a Republican defeat when the municipal elec
tion takes place. The whole issue of providing San
Francisco with good government is therefore at stake
upon the Republican primaries. That fact should not
be overlooked by any citizen. The issue is clean cut
and Republicans must face it.
Kelly and Herrin and Gage have formed a com
bination for the purpose of controlling the politics
and the municipal administration of this city. They
have brought to their aid the State machine, the water
front push, a gang of bosses from other counties, a
part of the Federal brigade, the slum element that
follows the heels of Kelly, the Southern Pacific crowd
that is dominated by Herrin and the followers of the
Democratic boss, Sam Rainey. By the aid of those
forces the bosses hope to carry a sufficient number of
districts to give them control of the convention.
Should they succeed they will put into the field under
the Republican name a ticket that, with the excep
tion of a few men nominated to give it respectability,
would be wholly under boss control and would mean
anything rather than good government.
•"¦"> OMPLETE nominations have now been made
I by district clubg of the Republican Primary
— * League, the names of the candidates have
been duly published in The Call of yesterday, and now
the issue that confronts genuine Republicans is that
of electing every man on every district ticket.
• No one can mistake the question submitted to' the
Republicans of San Francisco in this contest. It is
that of determining whether the party is to be self
governing and maintain honest politics, or is to sur
render to the control of bosses and'become the sup
port of predatory politicians.
THE FIGHT FOR REPUBLICANISM
AN AMERICAN MILLIONAIRE MAY
BE MASTER OF OSBORNE HOUSE
in the sulky have all the argument. Cresceus is. not
without supporters who believe him to be the best
horse that ever lived, One of them, for example, writ
ing for the Springfield -Republican, says! "^lix's
mark of 2:03^4 was reduced a half-second in five years'
but here Is a horse that cuts the mark down two halves
of a second in a week, and thereby upsets the cal
culations of mathematicians who figure that if Alix's
mark was reduced only a half-second in five years it
would be iomething like 1930 before the two-minute
mark wa» reached. And it must be considered that
Crescetis is a stallion, while the record-holders have
always been mares or geldings. CresceSs is without
doubt the 'finest horse the world has ever seen, and
if he does not succeed in making a mile in two min
utes he is likely to put the record below its present
figure." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL,, SATURDAY, AUGUST'. 10, 1901.
SATURDAY. AUGUST 10, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . .
Hint* AH Communleittoni to W. 8. LEAEB, Xutger.
'"HXAGEB'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
> t HLICATIO.V OFFICES.. .Market and Third, S. F.
Telepbone'FrcM 201.
1 DITOHIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prett 202.
t)cll«-ered t»y Carrier*. XS Cent* Per Week.
SinjflK Copies. 6 Cent*.
Terms by Mail. Including: Postage t
r.AII-T CALL <incrufi!nr Kundar). one year $<-00
DA.TL.T CALZ. ClnelufllnK Sunday). « month*........—..... S.00
DAILT CALL, flncludlnr Sunday). « months 1.50
r>ATLT CALL~By Single Month 6Eo
fXTKDAT CALU On* Tear 1.59
WEEKLY CAX-U One Tear 1.00
All postmaster* nre authorised to receive
subscription*.
Bamp!« ocple» "will b« forwarded when retjaested.
Kill rnbserTber* !n cn5ertr.gr chanr* of address should be
rcrtlcular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Ism* s, prompt and correct compliance 'with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXRSS.
Vutgtr foreign idrertislag, Marqnette Building, Clic»gj.
(Lone Dlitance Telephone "Central 5811.")
« —————
KEW YORK CORRESPONTJENT:
«. C. CA.RXTOX t .... .Herald Square
KEW TORJC REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPHES B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlnsc
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Hctel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square:
Wrrrty Hill Hotel.
6
AMUSEMENTS.*
<"*rpheuni — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Mr*. Pane's Defence."
Alcazar— "Camllle."
Grand Opera-house — "Toll Gate Inn."
Central— "Monte Cristo."
TIlvolI — "n Trovatore."
California — "The Amazons."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
. evenlns.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
State Fair ar.fl Exposition, Sacramento— September J to 14.
By V?m. G. Layng— Thursday, August IS, Trotting Horses,
at 721 Howard street.
By G. H. TTmbsen & Co.— Monday, August 12, at 12 o'clock,
Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION SALES.
Call mbfcrlbrri contemplating: a change mt
residence daring- the Hammer months can law
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresses tor notlf ylne: The Call Business Office.
This p&»*er will also be on sale at all lommer
resorts and is represented by a local atfemt lm
Ml towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.THE STATE BIRD PERCHED FOR A FEAST.
Affairs in Democratic Camp in a Bad Tangle— Scheme to Run James G. MaguTre for Mayor Comes
to Light— Phelan One Day Talks of Going to Europe for^a Prolonged Trip and the Next Speaks
of Accepting Party Nomination for Another "'Term— Boss Trick in the Thirty-Fourth Exposed
ALLIED BOSSES ARE COUNTING ON HELP FROM
SAM RAINEY TO RESIST THE PRIMARY LEAGUE
O. L. Swett, commission agent and clerks
San Francisco, filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes $1430 31 and has $144
assets. j
T. K. Stateler, agent in the matter of
the insolvency of the California National
Bank of San Francisco, filed his report
yesterday in the United States District
Court. " He reports the amount on hand
$14,171. He was allowed a fee of $686 81,
including his commissions; United States
Court Commissioner Heacock was allowed
$260, and the law firm of Pierson & Mitch
ell was awarded $500. The proceedings be
gan in 1895. ¦ \-.'-S
Insolvency Proceedings.
Kelly and the boy were arrested about
a month ago for having burglar's tools in
their possession. Kelly got thirty days
and the boy was dismissed .owing to his
youth.
They are accused of breaking Into the
residence of Mrs. Ida de Seminario, 1626
Octavia street, last Monday night and
stealing several valuable rugs and silver
ware. The detectives recovered the rugs
from I. Abemayer's store, 314 Sutter
street, where it is claimed Kelly had sold
them. They have also recovered the
stolen silverware. Mrs. de Seminario and
her family are at present Jn Guatemala,
but the burglary was. discovered by Mrs.
D. Samuels, the owner of the house.
William Kelly, an ex-convlct, and Louis
Babino, a boy, were arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning by Detectives
Dinan and Wren at 317 Bush street and
were locked up in the tanks at the City
Prison. To-day they will be booked on a
charge of burglary. In a room they qc
cupted the detectives found a jimmy and
a brace and bit.
a Residence on Octavia
Street.
They Are Accused of Breaking Into
MAND AND BOY ARRESTED
ON BTJE.GLABY CHAUGE
Under the auspices of the Republican
Primary League there will be a mass
meeting of the citizens of the Forty
fourth Assembly District at "Washington
Square Hall, corner of Union and Stock
ton streets, Monday evening next. Able
speakers will address the voterB and the
plain truth will be spoken concerning po
litical affairs in the district.
Forty-Fourth District.
The battle In the Forty-first Assembly
District between the Horace Davis Re
publican Club on one side and the Dibble
boss contingent on the other is engaging
the attention of citizens. There will be a
mass-meeting- of the Horace Davis Club
at Lodge Hall. 1605 Polk street, this even
ing. Colonel John C. Currier will preside.
Among the speakers announced is F. H.
Wheelan. A quartet will sing for the en
tertainment of the audience. J*
Forty-First District.
The affiliated clubs of the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District, Republican Primary
League, held a mass-meeting last night
at Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary street. The
different candidates, for delegate to the
Republican Municipal Convention ad
dressed the meeting, each pledging him
self to oppose Kelly and Crimmins.
Thirty-Ninth District.
unauthorized by him and has been done
entirely without his consent or knowl
edge, and that he disclaims any connec
tion or affiliation with that faction what
ever. The shallow device has been resort
ed to by the Kelly-Crimmins people in the
Thirty-fourth District of placing near the
head of their ticket the names of Ralph L.
Hathorn and two or three others who are
four , of the delegates on the anti-boss
ticket. Such use of these gentlemen's
names by the boss element without their
authority and consent is evidently a fraud
and a trick to misguide »nd mislead some
of the strong anti-boss vote of that dis
trict and desarves to be exposed. The
people of the district acre warned. » ¦ '
People in the West End of London are
spending much money .thi3 year on ex
ternal floral decorations for their houses.
On the voyage nine piggies were born,
and Captain Pritchard. In order to test
whether piggies were true to the pedigree
of their parents, ate five of them. The re
maining four, with the adults, arrived in
good health and condition. Pedigreed hog3
for breeding purposes are admitted to this
country duty free, but the customs author
frues demanded duty on the four piglets
because they had no certificate of pedi
gree. The fact that they were the off
spring of the aristocrats did not count,
and thB general laughingly paid the cus
toms fee on his interesting family of
porkers.
Major General "W. R. Shafter, retired,
called at the custom-house yesterday to
pay the duty on a consignment of choice
pedigreed hogs shipped to him from Liv
erpool on board the British ship Haddon
Hall. The consignment consisted of two
Berkshire sows and a boar of eminently
aristocratic ¦ pedigree. They are intended
for the Shafter ranch, near Bakersfleld.
Shipboard on the Way
From England.
Nine Berkshire Pigs Are Born on
The Pacific Oil and TJead "Works have
been absorbed by the Linseed Oil Com
pany, one of the big Eastern trusts, and
the agency will now pass from the hands
of Kittle & Co., who have heretofore
handled the business for the coa'st. Ne
gotiations for the sale of the plant to the
trust have been under way for some time,
and the final details incidental to the
transfer have only very recently been
settled in such a, manner as to allow of
the trust taking over the entire control
of the works for which the Kittles acted
as agents for so many years.
F. R. Simpson, a well known business
man of the East, who has for many year3
been identified with various large cor
porations interested in oil, lead and
kindred articles, has arrived to assume
the local management of the concern and
has already entered upon his duties.
Though San Francisco has not been the
field of Mr. Simpson's past activity, yet
business has several times brought him.
out to the coast. He has a large circle of
social and commercial friends here, who
will heartily welcome hi3 advent
amons us.
Local Concern, Which. F. R.
Simpson Will Manage.
Kittle & Co. Relinquishes Control of
PACIFIC LEAD WORKS
BOUGHT BY A TRUST
GENEBAL SHAFTEB PAYS
DUTY ON NOBLE HOGS
ter,' decided that the prisoner should be
turned over to the McDonough County
authorities, but Marshal Halliday took the
prisoner In a buggy: to Burlingrton, Iowa,
where he turned him over to the city au
thorities, > who In turn handed him over to
a messenger, who It is presumed paid Hal
liday the reward offered by the Colorado
authorities.' v
"What we are Is of very much more im
portance than what we believe. :
A noted philanthropist has decided to give
away » Ms fortune to charities anrj no - doubt
much good > will : be accomplished. - There . is
another agency • that has ¦ also accomplished
much arood, namely, Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters, the medicine , with fifty years of cures
back; of It. It promotes appetite, Insures di
gestion/ ¦ cures • dyspepsia, . regulates the • Hver
and keeps the bowels . regular, also prevents
belching ; heartburn or , flatulency. , Don't fail
to try it, but be < sure you get the genuine.
A Fortune to Be Given Away.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Aug. 9.— Sheriffs
Turnbull of Warren County and - Bruner
of McDonough County and Assistant State
District Attorney Clendonln of ¦ Warren
County called on Governor Tates to-day
in regard to the proposed prosecution of
Thomas Halliday, City Marshal of Mon
mouth, who arrested Harry Slmminton,
wanted in MoDonough County for larceny,
and also in Colorado, where he is charged
with . attempted murder, and for whose
apprehension there was a reward of $500.
Governor Yates, being notified of the mat-
State of Illinois in Order to
Secure a Reward.
He Kidnaps a Prisoner Out of the
PROPOSE TO PROSECUTE L
THE CITY MARSHAL
sponsible duties he will be called upon to
perform in the Orient.
Besides being a newspaper man of con
siderable reputation Mr Bacon has an
enviable record as a soldier. At the out
break of the Spanish-American war he
Sted in the Third Wisconsin Regiment
and served with that command in several
of the most imfirtant engagements in
Cuba On severs' occasions he was par
ticularly mentioned in the dispatches for
h«s consular duties
Mr Bacon will not neglect his literary
nur«uit«j and it is his intention to closely
?tudy Oriental life, with the object of giv
ing us short stories which will picture
Chinese life and European existence in
far Cathay as they -really are. ,
Among the arrivals at the Palace yes
terday was J. H. Bacon, who Is on his
way to Hongkong to act as Vice Consul
under Consul Gon.eral William Rublee.
Mr. LJacon is from Milwaukee, where he
got his training as a diplomat -while act
ing as a reporter and dramatic critic on
the Milwaukee Sentinel while Rublee was
the editor of that papier. When Rublee
succeeded in securing his present post he
did not forget the friendship formed in
the local room, and one of his first acts
was to secure the appointment of his for
mer reporter as his assistant in the re-
kong, Here, En Eoute to His
, New Appointment.
J. E. Bacon, Vice Consul to Hong-
WILL WEITE STOEIES
ABOUT ORIENTAL LITE
Ralph L. Hathorn of the Thirty-fourth
District, who is a delegate on the anti
boss ticket, desires The Call to state that
the use of his name on the Kelly-Crlm
rr.ins ticket put up in his district is wholly
Thirty-Fourth District.
The Thirty-third Assembly District Club
will meet at Maennerbund Hall, Twenty
fourth street and Potrero avenue, Monday
evening to ratify the league nominees.
Thirty-Third District.
The Thirty-first Assembly District Club
of the Republican Primary League held
a ratification meeting last night at its
headquarters, 227 Ninth street. Pledges
were made to rupport the Republican Pri
mary League ticket and to destroy all
hoss Influence 'n municipal politics. B. J.
Flood, president; J. A. Madden, secretary.
Thirty-First District.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican Primary League Club of the Twen
ty-eighth District has substituted the
name of Fred Ralf In place of Harry Pe
terson for delegate to the convention.
Twenty-Eighth District.
The other speakers urged the voters of
the district to make the campaign a per
sonal matter. - / '.
There was a large attendance at the
meeting of the Forty-third Assembly Dis
trict Republican Primary League, held
last evening In Union Square Hall. The
speakers were many and earnest and if
enthusiasm is any criterion the respect
able element of the district will give the
Kelly-Crimmins combination the battle o£
Frank P. Shibeley occupied the chair
and among the speakers were: Lincoln
Savage. M. M. Miller, B. W. Burchard,
J. George Boyne, James D. Hart and Dr.
Conflory.
The days of "You go see Phil," eaid
Burchard, will be all over atter August
13. He spoke of the Primary League and
its objects and advised his hearers, if
they discovered, as he had not, any signs
of corruption in that organization, to give
it the game medicine they were preparing
for Kelly and Crlmmins. The character
and magnitude of the registration in the
Forty-third, continued the speaker, meant
something. "When folks embark on a
lynching excursion," he said, "they
usually work quietly, but are terribly hi
earnest."
Forty-Third District.
Governor Gage Has Alighted in This City and With One Claw
Fastened on Capital and Another on Labor Prepares to Feed on the
Municipal Convention.
REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT TICKETS
DELEGATE tickets published. under this heading bear the names of men who represent in their re
spective districts the true principles of home rule, honest rule and progressive municipal admin
istration under the auspices of the Republican party.
These delegates are indorsed by the Republican Primary League. Before going to the polls
next Tuesday every voter should carefully read the names printed on the paster and compare them with
the names herewith published. Every Republican who is opposed to boss rule should vote the L-eagoie
ticket.
Tw#mtv-Eierhth District. A . M - Wallem. Ivan L. Peterson. Edmund Tauszky. B. D. 1 Pike
* 6 „ _ _.. ,. „. Samuel M. Snyder. W. de L. Kingsbury. I. L. Blum. , Frederick Hancock.
Thomas Westoby. Is. E. \\ nitcomb. H c Schaertzer. Joseph Lercart. A. R. Ahlborn. J. G. Giesting.
Fred J. Hopper. E. S. Biering. j. H . Rawe. . Thomas R. Hilling. A. C. RulofFon. Charles Sutro Jr.
Frank A. Schmitz. Walter Macaulay. w g Grover# Joseph E. Lee. Lucius L. Solomons. S D. Davis
Wm. J. Harrington. N. F. \Vltzeman. William Metzner. E. A. Parker. Alfred D. Allan. J H. Hutaff
Harry Peterson. James F McCaffrey. F. . W. Warren. Sam Gamble. John H. Drumbell. M. Kollmanri.
John A. Barr. Chris Andersen. TViiT-tv <iW+Vi TWa+Hrf r - Erlanper. E. E. Glllen.
Peter Donovan. inirxy-OlXin. Jjisirici Edward Kelly. Leon E. Prescott
Twentv-Nintb. District. Charles Ellis. A. H. Merrill. H. J. Owen. James B. Sykes.
t t ™ i * eniy £ . iptrrJi - W " A - Colwe »- O. M. Ratto. L. -H. de Curtonl. A. L. Weil. .
J. J. Daugnney. ¥. Jbarreii. James Duncan. A. P. Van Duzer. Jacob Samuels. H. F. Peart
J. B. McDermott. J. Naglemaker. M c G i mpe i. . w c . Irwln. Victor R. TJlman. vf. A Taylor.
J. Atwood. E. C. Havens. H c Tabrett. L. Whlteman. • _ , _ , ' . . . .
A. J. Gallagher. J. F. Kingston Robert Ash O P. Beggs. Forty-First District.
J. B. McNamara. Charles H Martin. w H Cnapman . H . C. Langrehr. To i,_ r ,,„_,.. - tt.-i,.-* n w=no^
J. S. Parry. J. H. O'Brien. P j, FergU son. W. L. Coles. Arthufo tSwE. F J PrlnVlY Tr "
FredHawes. G. F. Ochs. . Henry von Werthern. chicles A Muritock Frvin I Wlel
Thirtieth. District. W H Kountz. JB Barber . g^"' fJJSg***- £ V % .
HenryH.Di.ge,. James Kennedy. & \ *g*g^ tt . cfaVfes™ Tho^Son. ™ U £%*j££$Z£- . SSUSV-O^RauA.
SEffiSSSS£ Wlll^m^&ler. M ' F - . <™«J f <f-- JTMT*
Joseph D Bertrand. Henry Lemfser. Thirty-Seventh District H. O. Beatty. Ralph C. Daniels.
i,,/ r , -p-i, John Ryan n tr it^i,... a m-»-, Lester G. Burnett. Frederick L. Crosby.
Sau£w E Ha-rri.. JoSn P.^omey. f; «; gS*^ M . B J TJihl. g- j^""?!; ' fvflS
Alfred J. Sadler. Horace - B. Brown. Benjamin Apple. T.P.Martin. AIomo^ T?uewbrthy OC Pratt
Thirty-First District. f Eimnnlr Cafter - . R 017 - John Sch.
B. J. Flood. John Ganey. Jac^L* ISSid. N B^hlesinger. i,L^H M n, w H ' R " H ° PP3 '
J. A. Madden. C. T^ Quirey. Stephen M. Reynolds. Richard P. O'Meara. Wllllatn H. Hammer.
John W. Rogers. H Wolnnger. Charles F. Priest. G. W. Glbb. Fortv-Second District.
D. Molander. William Tomsky. Louis Goldstone. E. L. Waldteufel. TTTTir o 7^ „,,,, „
G. A. Meising. ', D. T. Herring. David Rich Charles Hiby Jr w - w - Sanderson. Melville Hermann.
Hugh McElroy. G. Nelson. A c Gobble G W McCarthy D - E - Allison Jr. John L. Davidson.
Louis B. Solinsky. Philip Rogers'. Leopold Bearwald. £ T. D eane. Norman H..Hurd.
Thirty-Second District. vemon Upton. August Fuchs. ?;Zw ? "n^rim t r linWnB^ mann -
Thomas C. Duff. C. M. Erickson. Fre -lZZ ™ George Lowenberg. S. S.Partello.
T. Byron de Witt. John Klnney. Thirty-Eighth District. Richard J. Cline. J. E. Sllnkey.
William Harrington. -Hamilton iS. Elliott. ¦ LHaake E. A. Leigh. William E. Abadie.
Mark F. Crowley. John T. Flynn nS?L w m'um A M r«rri« -¦ R. B. Treat., Charles H. Ward.
Albert W. Lehrke. W. D. Getchell. Oeprgr o W Blum. A. M. Currie. A w Mart n. Robert N. RIsdon.
,,.„,.„_ A xc/\r-oTirt Mark Snelaon. J- u. rsoian. t««*«« -c^ v«f»h>«
Walter A.Moreno p w Thompson. S. H. Beckett. James F. Norman.
Thirty-Third District. B . a. Sammann. w. R. Cohn. Forty-Third District
&"?uAS'. ou,u tS w«i.n. o-^ssj™-. £$g&S ?^l, M " M : fi!i,TT,k.
"— SS53fc-th HMt ! Thirty-Ninth District. """ "¦£™; TouI £ Mstrlct .
Carl Anderson Ralph L. Hathorn. Dr. 'Henry Gibbons Jr.Epsa H. Ashton. T v „ *°^-* own £; -^Strict.
WW Chase ' H. G. Kraeky. Jacob Greenebaum. W. H. Conly. John H. Nelson. • Frank Marini.
raDtaln H J ' Burns. John Tonnlngsen. John A. Clover. Joseph S. Fonseca. L. A. .Rea. "¦ , Charles Winkler.
captain xi. -. E D KnJ Frank L. Von Rheln. Marc Anthony. Charles Reed Jr. Frank Eade.
t rirt*tt J ' E ' Elkington WJlbur G. Zelgler. John A. McKenna. J. C. Kimball. Paul L.Moses.
F W Burnett. P. L Wai^l. Dr. A. S. Adler. Ralph N. Folks. A. Ruef ¦ ¦ Harry Huff.
Clifford McCTeilan. Morgan Backus. ¦ Myer Jacobs. Joseph Carroll. George Faber ¦ William \Varnke.
p p Mtftts G I. Raychester James .F. Cosgrove. Phineas H. S. Barber. A. L. Baci^alupl. Charles H. Somerlad.
H : N Beatty * L. T. Wagner. James P. Donahue. Ernest P. Therlen. Walter Collier. . : •
A H Menne E. L. Knowles. Norman W. Hall. H. W. Fraser. - • Fortv-Fifth District.
rV • George T Shaw Jri W. S. Hamilton.. Eugene L. Marshall. ,, _T ,- -
B- 1C T O a n eP George i. onaw jr. . Kcane _ Ernest A. Meyer. George M. Ferine. Victor Olson. ..
TTif+Ti THRtript J- J- Neubarth. Joseph Donovan. Robert Porter. . Thomas A. Benson.
Thirty-Fiftn District. •, Fortieth District • A. -H. Powers. Joseph Barbetta.
rilvi. A Brown James Cronogue. JSOruetn i»istnci;. G. Scalmanini. L. A. Canepa.
Robert Husband W W. de Wlnton. Thomas P. Woodward. Joseph F. Myrick. L. E. Savage. W. R. Noonan.
Phelan and Hearst are at outs. The lat
ter's newspaper is sulking and seeking re
venge for real or fancied slights. Hearst
is putting up a scheme to astonish and
confuse the Phelanites. The scheme is a
Hearst ticket, with Judge James G. Ma
fj-ie for Mayor. In the gubernatorial
election of 1893 Maguire was savagely
knifed in San Francisco by the political
supporters of Mayor Phelan. The latter
was elected and the former beaten out of
sight. The Cail is Informed that Maguire
has agreed to run for Mayor. It is com
mon belief that Phelan can have the reg
ular nomination for another ' term. The
question is: Docs he want it? One day he
says that he has made plans for a pro
longed sojourn in Europe and will not ac
cept the nomination. The next day he
savs that he is "in the hands of his
friends." Maguire running as an inde
pendent candidate would give Phelan,
holding a regular nomination, a pretty
good race, but any Republican above the
yellow grade would beat either. The
schemers in the Hearst camp are now
casting about for a suitable candidate for
District Attorney.
James G. Maguire for Mayor.
The desperate bosses of the Republican
party are now appealing for assistance to
Boss Sam Rainey and the Democratic
push. Without Democratic help they will
not be able to carry a single Assembly
district in San Francisco. Kelly is em
ploying his energies night and day to save
himself from the overwhelming disaster
of defeat in his own district. The ele
ments of bossism are also combining with
the vain hope of defeating Republican del
egate tickets in the Forty-fourth and
Forty-fifth districts.
Affairs in the Democratic party are In
such a tan^l? *hat many Democrats have
resolved to get into the Republican camp,
some to reni'-in and others to stay only
until the next municipal election. The
Phelan-McNab- county committee is a
close corporation. The vote getters and
victory winners of the party have no rep
resentation in the councils of the fold.
The patronage is bestowed where it will
minister most to Mayor Phelan's vanity.
It is no wonder therefore that Democrats
of the Jeffersonian standard are disgust
ed. It is hard, however, to fancy a disci
ple of Thomas Jefferson leaving his party
to take service under Kelly and Crim
mlns. Doubtless most of the high-minded
Democrats will stay away from the polls
or vote under solemn protest for the dele
pates named by the Phelan organization.
The push politicians of the party, who
take orders from Rainey. are expected to
vote the Republican boss ticket. In his
desperation Boss Kelly may give orders
for his Rainey rounders to go to the polls
early and vote the names of registered
Republicans. Election officers should be
on their guard to prevent fraud of this
kind.
Appeals to Boss Rainey.
REPORTS from every Assembly
district in San Francisco justify
the prediction that a very large
Republican vote will be cast at
the primary election next week.
Politicians who have studied the contest
from the beginning of the fight assert that
a large vote will prove disastrous to the
allied bosses. Kelly, Gage. Crlmmins and
Lynch expected at the outset to secretly
rally all their followers a day or two be
fore election and win out through apathy
of the citizens. The organization and
rapid expansion of the Republican Pri
mary League astonished and demoralized
the bosses. In casting about for help they
appealed to the Republican State Commit
tee, and that subservient instrument of
the Allied bosses surrendered a sufficient
number of proxies to enable Boss Kelly
to veneer the Tilden County Committee
with the State brush. The coat of var
nish did not deceive. The Indorsement of
the State organization did not add re
spectability to the committee. The clumsy
trick of Judge McKinley in presenting to
the meeting of the State body a typewrit
ten Indorsement which was prepared the
day before the committee met simply
amused the members. The roars of mer
riment which followed the reading of the
words "after listening to argument" at
tested the utter worthlessness of the rec
ognition. The bosses were not helped by
the interference. The effect of the meet
ing was just the reverse of. what the po
litical manipulators hoped for. It was
seen at a glance that McKinley of Los
Angeles, the Postmaster of Santa Rosa,
Walter Parker of the State Board of Ex
aminers and other lights of the State
push were brought to San Francisco to
boost Boss Kelly in his efforts to gain
control of the municipal government. The
citizens resented the meddling of out
siders in local affairs and expressed their
resentment by joining the Republican Pri
mary League.
THE SAN F.KAlSrCISGO CAJLL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1901.
7
MEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS^
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. AUG. 10.
Parquet, any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
EVERY ACT A HEADLINE
IN VAUDEVILLE.
Hill and Silviany, Mr. and Mrs. Al-
fred Kelcey, Sisson, Wallace and
Company, The Iffolasso-Salvaggi
Troupe, Alexandra Dagmar, The
Standard Quartet and the Bio-
graph. Last appearances of ths
Esmonds and Stanton and Modena.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
|:::l— LAST TWO NIGHTS OF— 1:::|
"TOLL GATE INN."
Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
DANIEL FRAWLEY
, — Presents—
"THELIARS."
A Brilliant Comedy of Modern Society Manners.
By Henry Arthur Jones
Reappearance of Daniel Frawley as Colonel
Sir Christopher Deeringr.- B. J. Morgan in his
original role of Edward Falkner.
—I— Same Prices 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c— |—
Good Reserved -Seats In Orchestra all
M&lnees 23<5
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
vUkUiwIESIA LEADING THEATRE
matineITto-day.
TO-NIGHT AND AUL, NEXT WEEK.
Every Night (Excepting Sunday), j
CHARLES FROHMAN'S
Empire Theater Company.
Presenting HENRY ARTHUR JONES'
Greatest Play,
MRS. DANE^S DEFENCE.
NEXT WEEK— Last Nights of Empire The-
ater Co. in "MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE."
' August 19— Daniel Frohman's Co. In "LADY
HUNTWORTH'S EXPERIMENT." •
LAST 2 ~NEXTVEEK,
NIGHTS SEATS READY,
FLORENCE s^VER
5S BERTS -ii MOUNTED
Gamille harness.
MATINEE TO-DAY. K ' ¦':'
jGHUTES AND.ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
BIG CAKEWALK!
g£i BLACK BARTONS
OK NEW YORK VS.
THE STEWARTS
¦ ¦-¦«-
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
. Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
Sealskin la admired the -world over for
Its softness and glossiness, and yet the
human hair is equally as soft and glossy
when healthy, and the radical cause of all
hair trouble is dandruff, which is caused
by a pestiferous parasite that saps the
vitality of the hair at its root. Newbro's
Herpicide is the only preparation that is
fatal to the dandruff germ. Without dan-
druff no falling hair, but a luxuriant
growth of glossy, soft hair is certain.
Scouring the scalp won't cure dandruff.
Kill the dandruff germ. Thousands of
women owe their beautiful suits of hair
to Newbro's Herpicide.
Dandruff Is Eradicated.
Is Rivaled by Human Hair Whera
SOFTNESS -OF SEALSKIN
ffl| CHICHEBTER'8 ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
¦1 _/TJ*N. ' Orlif'nal ond Only Genuine.
>i< jR&fi- for CJIICHKSTiilVS KNGUS1I
jfe*i£*UySS}\ I" UFA* nml Gold metallic boxs>. sealed
•jk —-^SfJ with blno ribbon. Take no other. Befot*
to Wl I>8<iseron« Substitutions and Imlta.
I IT' (a tion*. Baj of jour Druggist, or tend 4c. la
I *••' Jf Btamrii for Particulars, Testimonials
\H?». K> ¦ ud''Bcll<r for Ladles," in Utter, Sf n.
_A ¦ v -'If turn Mail. 10,000 Testimonials. Sold bj
>— — r - all DruggUts. - Chlt-heatcr Chemical O«^
Mention this paper. AiaOJsan S^are, 1'UULA.. Y£m
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i pis Great Train I
I ANB runs bul twice |
|| per week during 9
IPP -—
§} TUr Leaving at 9 am, 1
I THE It arrives In |
imiTFn ~~~ S
I LI il II I U its hid* standard |
I <* of service Is ji
I 0 N fully maintained. |
' AMUSEMENTS.
*XiVpLS*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARPt
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
SECOND GREAT WEEK.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
—:— TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!—:—
ILTROVATORE
Matinee To-Day and Sunday,
ILUCIA
" FAVORITA/') NEXT C "OTELLO,"
rini,D»do, Ferrari. ) WEEK. (Um, Cutall»a».
POPULAR PRICES-I3C. 50c and TSc
Telephone — Bush •.
BEiASCO AmnTWAlCS jfcjtf&r
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORRO"W (Son.).
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Evg.— Last Times,
Spectacular Production of the Great Play,
MONTE CRISTO
Gorgeous Scenery— Wonderful Effects. Etc.
Last Week— Engagement of
~ JAMES M. BROPHY.
DDirCC Evening: 10c, 13c. 25c, SSo, 80s
I AltLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. tao
Next Week— "THE GREAT DIAMOND
ROBBERY."
i LAST TWO Performances
MATINEE TO-DAY
And
THIS EVENING 5
MR. JAMBS AND THE
A/JCT/ / f NEILL
/ V EmmJ M MmmSJEm*/ COMPANY.
"THE AMAZONS."
EVENING 25c, S3c. 60c. 75c II
To-Morrow Night, "THb ROYAL BOX,"
READY.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. SACRAMENTO.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. SACRAMENTO.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. SACRAMENTO.
TO-DAY. SATURDAY AT 3:15 P. M.
TO-DAY, SATURDAY AT 3:15 P. M.
TO-MORROW, SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
TO-MORROW. SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. IL
RECREATION PARK.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STS.
./,-;¦ EIGHTH AND HARRISON STS.
17TCrTTfcP'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOUnJCili O Admission lOc.
IRENE Franklin, Claire Canfleld, Maud 8U11.
SWOR AND HATHAWAY, Ouhama. Nelll*
Bruce. Billy Flemen, Little Jennie Metzlar.
Seymour and Hill and Hinrlchs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seata. 25c Matinee Sunday. ¦
~ SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Orjen dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Sc
Bathing, Including admission, 85c. Children. ZOc.
PALACE ' •£;
These hotels possess
ANH the attributes that tonr-
i* 111 * _ Ists and travelers ap-
r*O AtTTV predate — central loca-
taXvAHD tion, liberal manage-
m/vttst C ment. modern appolnt-
nUlELtJ, ments and perfect cui-
sine.
c, n American and Euro-
' " Km pean .plans.
Francisco.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year ;
CU*YR!*HT itOO \1 TMC PHOC1EH A GAMftLt CO. CINCINNATI
f
THE PROBLEM.
-— |Spi OROTHY in the nursery can calculate the
IJl priCC °* Iv ° ry ap per ca^*' k ut it .-would
ipiK' ta^ e a mat^ ema tical genius to calculate its
WP?* true value. For he must take account of
time, labor, and materials. He must deduct from the
apparent cost the saving in the longer life of the cake,
in the longer life of the washed fabric, in the labor .
required, in the time consumed, in the strength ex-
pended, in the results obtained. When all is finished,
Ivory is the cheapest soap in the world. It floats.
E&- fell? & a wa* taForeign Markets.
TACOMA, Aub. 9.— Wheat— Unchanged. Club.
56c; bluestem, 57%C" ,
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Aug. .9.— Wheat— "Walla Walla,
OREGON.
North em Wheat Market.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo,; Aug. . 9.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1385. Market steady to strong. Natives,
ST. JOSEPH
SHEEP— Receipts, '4000. Sheep, . strong to 10c
higher; lambs, best higher; others," dull. Good
to choice wethers, $3 60@4 25 ; falmo choice
mixed, $3 25®3 75;. Western sheep, $3 25@4; year
lings, $3 75@4 35; native lambs, $2'g'5 35; West
ern lambs, $4 25@5 10. ¦ , :
HOGS— Receipts 18,000; left over. 5300; esti
mated to-morrow,, 12,000. ¦-''.. Opened 5@10c
higher, closed slow. Mixed and butchers',
$5 70@6;' good to choice • heavy, $5 90@6 12U 
rough heavy. $5 40@5 80; light,'$5 70@5 90; bulk
of sales,'. $5 75@5 95. '
CHICAGO. . t Aug. 9. — " CATTLE— Receipts,
2500, including 75 . Texans. :,Good . heavy steers,
steady; all others dull and weak. Good to
prime steers. $5 60@6 15; poor to medium. $4 25
@5 40 ; Btockers and feeders, demoralized, $2 25
@3 85; cows, | $2 50@4 30; j heifers, $2@4 75; • can-,
ners, $1 50<g>2 25; bulls. $2 5O@4 50; - calves $3
@6 25; Texas steers, $3@4 50. ' .. : . .
Eastern Livestock Markets.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. ».— Clearings, $406,
883; balances, $65,745. : ; • • '
NEW TORK, Aug. 9.— Money on call steady,
23214 per cent; last loan. 2U per <cent. Prime
mercantile, 4Vi®5 per cent. Sterling exchange.
New York Money Market.
Anaconda, 9; Canadian Pacific, 111%; North
ern Pacific preferred. 99; Southern Pacific 56-
Atchison. 7514: do preferred, 97>/i; Denver 'and
Rio Grande. 42*i: do preferred, . 93>4: Union
Pacific. 9S%: do preferred. 90^: bar silver
steady at 26 35-16d per ounce; money 2 per
cent. *
HOPS— (Pacific Coast), dull, £3 5sg£4. '
CLOSING
Kitchener's- proclamation- calling upon the
Boers to give up their hopeless fight under
threat of banishment caused a better market
feeling hereto-day. Consols led rn the im
provement, but general business continued to
be restricted. Americans were still neglected^
pending the settlement of the steel strike but
as a general thing prices in this department
hardened. Call money ranged from 1>4 to 2V4
per cent.."-" ..- -
.NEW TORK. Aug. 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No 1
oa@75c for No. 2 and $30@35 per ton: other
Pears, 25CT35c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4®6 per chest. for Lons-
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
«AfSSSrS%SJK- ** for soodto cholc 
ia^o^,rs%& sm P^ t r 75c@n per
pa < ck^ APPLES ~ 40C&J1 D0X ' a «ordin S to
PLUMS-20®63c per box; Prunes, K/BSoc per
p r , a u t m S . G $^ @ S a8es - '"^ per *-= ***
PEACHE&-35@50c per box and - 20@35c per
basket and $20@25 per. ton for Frees and ISAM
for Clings; Peaches in carriers. 33@7Gc accord -
ing to size, of carrier. *. , . ,. . ..
NECTARINES— White, 40c per box; Red
40Si75c. • ' . . *
Wharf prices for Peaches. Pears and Plums
are vague and unsettled, owing to the dally
lateness of the boats, wjiich are now arriving
at any hour, from late in the morning to late
in the afternoon. At the same time real
sound fine fruit Is running so light this year
that there is less demoralization on this ae
count than there would be in an ordinary sea"
son. Soft and overripe fruit, however suf"
fers severely by the , delay In . arriving' and
often ha3 to be dumped. ' - ' ¦ f u
Nutmegs, which have been depressed for
some days, too. are doing better again re
ceipts being more moderate. Cantaloupes' too
show some improvement. There are 'more
Watermelons coming in, but they are selllnc
off well. . *•
Grapes are declining under larger arrivals
particularly of Seedless. arrivals,
Oranges and Lemons. have again advanced
and stocks are light. Limes continue firm
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheaf— . Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 7% 5 8%
Closing 5 7% , 5 9V»
3 PARIS. N ,.-
Wheat— ¦ Aui. : Nov.-Feb.
Opening.... 1 22 15 23 05 «
Closing 22 20 23 20
Flour-
Opening. 28 10 29 10
Closing 23 20 29 30
NEW TORK, Aug. 9.— Bradstreet's to-mor :
iow will say: Despite some irregularity, due
to the recurrence of corn damage news in
the majority reports from the Eastern surplus
producing States and the formal launching of
the much-heralded general steel workers'
Etrike, the aggregate business the country over
eeems to be good, and in most sections in un
precedented volume for this season of the year.
Changes, where noted for the week, have been
rather of tone than of actual demand, and it
\f In this matter of sentiment that the favor
able developments have arisen. All available
measures of supply, demand and movement
point to the business done in July as having
exceeded anything transacted in any. similar
midsummer month. This, too, despite the ex
ceptionally hot weather, drought, strike talk
and similar conditions unfavorable to tfuslness
extension. . - ' . •'...'•
. Cereal prices have been rather irregular, but
the main tendency has been upward, partly
because of renewed crop damage reports as
to the corn crop, "frosts" having already be
gun to be sighted by nervous crop estimators.
The main strength of wheat, howe^r, lies In
the continued heavy export business, the clear
ances this week being, enormous and far In*
excess of any previous week on record and
the rather smaller volume of. receipts of winter
wheat.
New features are scarce in the iron and steel
trade. The strike is still the great, central
feature around which revolve high premium
prices for plates, bars and sheeting and tinned
plates. Black sheets i will . be imported and
tinned here. Structural material, not affected
as yet by the strike, is in very heavy demand
and producers are being- hard pressed to meet
orders. ' : • -
Woolen wear goods, particularly Jhe plainer
sorts, have been liberally ordered.* Wool' is
firm and manufacturers are steady ' buyers." /
j Wheat, including ¦ flour, shipments for the
Bradstreet's on Trade.
BUTTER— Creamery. 23®24c per lb for fancy
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy, 16(tf20c- store
Butter. 12U@15c per lb.
CHEESE— New, lO@llc; old, nominal: Toun»
Americas. ll@lU£c per lb: Eastern. 13@l5c
EGGS— Ranch, 21@24c for good to fancy
with sales at 25c; store, 15@13c per dozen*-
Eastern, 15i@19c.
Receipts were 32,1000 pounds of Butter 596
cases of Eggs, . SSOO pounds of Callfo'rnla
Cheese and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
The Butter market keeps well cleaned up and
firm, and the quotations are realized without
difficulty. Some special brands sell even above
the prices quoted below.
Cheese is firm and unchanged.
Eggs continue" to improve under steadily
diminishing stocks, and there is now a marked
Inquiry for the cheaper descriptions. All deal
ers report light supplies.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 wheat, red. 7Hic; No. 2 corn, yel
low. 57?4c; -No. 2 oats, 35%@3Cc; No. 2 white,
3S«?3S%c; No. 3 white. 37Vi@38Vic; No. 2 rye, 57Vi
<ft57V£c; fair to choice malting barley, 58@60c;
No. 1 flax seed, $1 63; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 63;
prime timothy seed, '$5 40; mess pork, per bbl,
$13 80@13 85; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 60@8 62y~; short
rib side3 (loose), $7 70@7S5; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 7 J /4@8V4c; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 85^8 35; whisky, basis, or high wines, $1 29;
clover, contract grade, $10 23.
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29,000 . 16,000
Wheat, bushels 222,000.- 150,000
Corn, bushels .199,000 ' 222,000 ,
Oats, bushels ........390,000 292,000
Rye. bushels > .13.000 2,000
Barley, bushels 7,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14'/s<<?2OV4c; dai
ries, 13@17c. Cheese, • 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14^c.
\ ' .
Foreign Futures.
tfi£ lower. Reports or control by the Gould
interests of Mexican railroads promoted a good
demand for Jill of the Southwestern etocks at
the outset and Missouri Pacific and Texan Pa
clflf roBe 2Sr2%. A sympathetic effect was ex
erted on the general list by tfcese special
movements and there were some substantial
pains in various prominent stocks. The fact that
there are no announcements of gold exports.
f-ter!in«j exchange rates being lower and ex
pectations of a good bank statement also were
contributing Influences to the rise. The Junior
Vanderbilt stocks responded notably to heavy
purchases of New York, Chicago and St. Louis
common and second preferred, which improved
2Vf?3>4. The closing oT \he stock market was
weak r.t tfce lowert.
Kailroad bonds were dull to-day and earlier
firnmej-s was dissipated by the reaction In
etocks. Total sales, par value, $1,020,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
6tock- Sales High Low Close
Atchiscn 21.500 73% 72 72
Atchif-on pfd 5,9(0 95 94*4 94V*
Baltimore & Ohio 1.000 S6^ »s S6
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 92ii
Canadian Pacific 400 10S>4 108 1075,
Canada Southern 600 69»; 69 67>i
Chesapeake & Ohio.... 1.600 45 44U 44*
<;hi-spo & Alton 3)0,2714-371; 36l±
Chieapo & Alton pfd IV) "a 7 * 7Z% 75%
Chicago Ind & Louis... 500 31V. 34 34W
Ohlcjro Ind & r^ouft pfd 100 . 70' 70 " «S
Clil & Eastern Illijioig 220
Chi & Great Western.'.". 300 21 21% 21=i
Chi & Gt West A ;»r.i siu
Chi & Gt Wect B ;)f<< 45»i
Chicgo & TCorthtrt-stf-rn 330
Chi Rork Island & Puc. 2,100 140 :3S 12S
Oil Term A Trans 200 1R 18 IS
Chi Term & Tran? pfJ..' G0-T 37',; 37* 3"
C C C 4 St Isjxln L100 Si** 31 SC3i
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.-From a condition of
decided etreng-th Jn the early dealings the
market began to show an exhaustion of the
buying power and prices declined gradually
until the final hour, when there was an effec
tive bear drive against the grain carrying
roads. This movement was based on surmises
thst the Government's monthly crop report
to be issued to-morrow would reflect greater
damage than current expectations. This fup
pcsitlon was also effectively backed by the
crtimate of a recognized expert who predicted
a possible condition for wheat of 78 and corn
€0. These averages were given some credence
by b»ar traders and they promptly put out
large amounts of stocks which brought about
declines in the highest prices of the day of
from % to 2%b in th<? principal grain carrying
mad* with St. Paul the chief sufferer. The
general dwline was materially assisted by a
drop of i points in People's Gas on reports of
complications with the Chicago city authori
ties, United States Steel stocks contributed
little novelty to the day s dealings and moved
within a range of. a point. Early improvements
of S «V>4 % respectively for the common and
preferred were wii*d out and they closed 'A
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, •nominal; Hare
$1 25@l-50; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail
and $1 for Brush. . •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8310c for Gobblers
and 9@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25:
Goslings. $1 12'£<?n 37%; Ducks, $2 50@3 50 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens. $3 50@4; young
Roosters. $5<g6; old Roosters. $3 50@4; Fry
ers, $4 ; Broilers, $3<g3 50 for large and $2
©2 50 for 3mall; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen
lor old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
Dealers are again reporting a very dull ana
weak Poultry market, with a tendency toward
still lower prices.
Poultry and Game.
Articles— Open. , High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 70% 7Ui 70% 70%
December. -.73 73Vi 72% 72T»
May 76U 76% '76 - 76%
Corn • No. 2—
September' 56% 58V4 E7V4 5"%
October -58% 5S% 58% 58%
December .: " 59% 60 l /s 59 •»
Oats No. 2—
September 33Vb 35% 35 35 Vi
December 36% 36% 36% 36%
May- 38 38% 37% ' 38%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September ...13 85 13 90 13 85- 13 83
January 14 SO 14 90 14 SO 14 S5
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September .'...8 65 "8 70 8 62'^ 8 65
October 8 72^ • 8 75 ' 8 70 8 70
January 8 70 8 75 8 70 8 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ¦ .
September 7 80 7 SO 7 77% . 7 77»4
October 7 87^ 7 87VS 7 82V4 7 85
January 7 70 .7 75 7 70 7 72VS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
Money — " West Er-.d 98
Call loans 4 @4V4 Bonds —
Time loans 4%@5 Atchison 4s 102
Stocks— ¦ N E Gas&Coke os. 51%
A T & S F 71H Mining Shares-
A T & S F pfd... 94V« Adventure 24
American Sugar.... 132»i Amalg Cop»er ....111%
Am Telephone 160Vi Atlantic 35
Boston Elevated — 178 Calumet & Hecla..722-
Dominion Coal 38% Centennial *7V4
Dom Coal pfd 116 Franklin ..;. 17
U S Steel 4U4 Humboldt 25
U S Steel pfd 90«4 Osceola 96
Fitchburg pfd 144 Parrot 501,4
Seneral Electric — 250 IQulncy 170
Ed Elec 111 250 .Banta Fe Copper... 6
Mexican Central... 23% Tamarack 340
N E Gas & Coke.. 5% Utah Mining 28U
Old Colony 268 VVlnona ty.
Old Dominion 29& Wolverines 63
Union Pacific 95 •
Total sales 310,000
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s ref reg 107*i N Y Cent lsts 104%
do coup 107^ N J Cent gen 5s. ..129
do 3s reg 10SU North Pac 3s 72
eo coup r.WSU do 4s ......lO4»i
do new 4s reg 137 N Y C & St L 4s.. 107%
do coup 137 Norf & \V con 4s. .101%
do old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts 107".
do coup 113 do 4s 101%
. do 5s reg 1C79* Or S Line 6s 129
do coup 107?; do con 5s 117?;
Dist of Col 3. 65s... 124 Reading gen 4s ... 95%
Atchison gen 4s 103% R G W lsts 101
do adj 4s 9J St»L & I M con 56.116
Can South 2ds 110 St L & S F gen 6s. 125
Ches & Ohio 4U S ..1O7 St Paul cons 173
do 5s 120 ISt P C & Pac lsts. 113%
C & N W con 7s. .135% do 5s 115%
Ho S F deb 5s 122 South Pac 4s 9lii
Chi Term 4s 93 South Ry 5s ....lla%
Colo South 4s S7 S Rope & T 6s 55
D & R G 4s .-. WlVi Tex & Pac Ists....ll8&
Erie gen 4s S5',; do 2ds 93
Ft W & D C lsts. .104 Union Pac 4s .104%
Gen Electric 5s 200 Wabash lsts 118
Iowa Cent lsts 115% do 2ds 110«,i
L & Nashuni 4s..l01Vi West Shore 4s 112%
M K & T 2ds SI Wis Cent lsts 87%
do 4s 98 Va Centuries 91V
' MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 12
Alice 43 Ontario 8 00
Breece 1 40 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con ... 10 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosi 03
Con Cal & Va 1 3G Savage Oo
Deadwood Terra... 55 Sierra Nevada .... 10
Horn Silver j 1 75 Small Hopes '05
Iron Silver 55 Standard 3 30
Leadville Con 06
Contra Costa Wa»er Co. has declared divi
dend No. 191 of 42 cents per share.
Continued on Page Eleven.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, AUGUST *.
Flour, qr ska 43,152 i Hay. tons 2C3
Barley, ctls 2.416 j Wool, bates 107
Oats, ctla 1.2S0J Chicory, bbls 40
Tallow, ctls 231, Leather, rolls ... 22
Sugar, ctls 1.3t>0 Quicksilver, risks 6i
Bean3. sks 12iWine, gals 2.1C0
Potatoes, sks .... 6,470; Felts, b.lls 105
Onions. sk3 ...:.. 1.9TIJ Hides. No 212
Bran, sks 57SI .
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
75c; pure, $1 26; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
94c^. raw, 92c; cases 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c: cases. 85c: China
Nut. 55@72c per sallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 67V4c; cases, 72%c; Sperm, pure, 65c: Whale
Oil, natural white. 40@45c per gallon: Fish Oil.
In barrels. 37%c; cases 42%c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 19c: Astral, 19c; Stir.
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21c:
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In case*.
21c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c: in cases. 20c; *6-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases. 2Sc.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and fine Crushed. 5.40c; Pow
dered. 5.25c; Candy Granulated. 5.25c; Dry
Granulated. 5.15c; Confectioners' A. 5.15c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.15c; Beet Granulated. 5.05c; Mig
nolia A, 4.75c; Extra C. 4.65c; Golden C. 4.5ie;
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; joxe*.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or' its equivalent.
Dominos. haK-barrels. 5.65c: boxes. a.^Oc per lb.
SALMON — Sockeye? are now quoted at $1 for
tails, $1 15 for flats and S5c for Yz-lb flati.
"Freight rates from England and Australia
are reported similar to last week's figures In
dicating that bottom rates have been touched
and any change from this on would naturally
show an advance. Outward grain freights from
here are ruling high, hence it makes this port
a seductive one for vessels to seek, as thes»
rates will continue for several month3 to com*.
There is very little change in the oil situation,
pending the final action of the Railroad Com
missioners on freight rates from Fresno and
Kern counties."
"The deliveries of coal here this week will
be largely In excess of the present demand. If
all the industrial Interests were running full
blast we would have still received more than
¦would have been consumed. The quantity re
quired for consumption in our present demoral
ized condition is difficult to arrive at. When
our factories recommence the quantity of fuel
to be consumed will, be largely in excess of
our former weekly average. If no compromise
is effected thi3 month colliery proprietors in
the northern sections will be forced to discon
tinue shipments. Market quotations remain un
changed. In fact, for the moment there is no
market quotation.
"During the week there have been three ar
rivals of coal from British Columbia, 13,709
tens; five from Washington. 18,555: one from
Oregon. 150: two from Australia, 5420; one from
Cardiff, 3007: total. 38.83S tons.
Harrison's circular says
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Baits. T%®Se;
local make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@3c; Fruit Bags, 5^4@
6c for cotton and 8%@S%c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay. $3 50: Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45
per 20CO lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to
brand.
General Merchandise.
STATIONS. =grs •» <~. 2.
¦ S : a s 2 " =2
: 3 : - 3 c. = :
HolllEter 73 5<> \V .;
Hanford 104 72 Pt.Cldy N
Fan Jos* 94 58 N
Riverside 38 57 Clear W
Palermo 106 59 S
Ventura 72 56
Santa Maria 75 SS Clear
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Holllster— Foggy morning: threshers busy;
wheat yielding ten to eleven sacks per acre.
Hanford— Grain yields very good; hay crop
largo.
Ean Jose — Fog in early morning; prunes will
6oon b* on trays.
Palermo— All crops doing well.
Temperature— 7 a. m., 53 degrees.
.Ventura— Fog till noon beneficial.
Fanta Maria— Foggy mornings: clear, cool
<Jsys favorable for hrons; some -buyers con
tracting for sriecial prospective crops of Email
¦white beans.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will ,say: Strength and
speculative confidence reappeared in the stock
market after the middle' of the week, accom
panied by an . increase in the activity. The
change in this respect was- the more striking
because the week opened with a very depressed
feeling in Stock Exchange circles and prices
for Ee\-eral days declined, in • some : cases in a
decided manner. | This unexpected ending of
last Saturday's conference ' between the heads
of . the , Amalgamated Association • of Steel
Workers and the United States Steel Corpora
tion in a disagreement and the announcement
by the labor union that there would be a gen
eral strike instead of pacification of the ex
isting trouble was calculated to have a de
moralizing effect upon a market which had al
ready experienced a liquidation and decline on
the damage to corn crop and the strike. Bear
ish feelings consequently predominated when
the market epened last Monday and there was
heavy selling for both longs and shorts in the
rteel stocks. Nevertheless, after a time it was
seen that the United States Steel stocks were
receiving powerful support at about 40 for the
common and below 90 for the preferred. Doubts
were also cast on the ability of the leaders of
the labor movement to make good their threat
of closing the majority of the mills. This was
followed by news that the • steel corporation
was promptly putting into execution its plan
of opening, one by one, its non-union mills
which had been shut down and that thus far
the plan had been completely successful. On
this the steel stocks hardened and on Thurs
day rumors that there were renewed prospects
of a settlement caused sharp advances in
United States Steel shares, the common rising
to 43 and the preferred to 92. This movement
would have naturally caused sharp advances
in United States Steel to cover shorts and In
the general -market, but the railroad list was
also Influenced in a. bullish way by independent
factors. The chief of these was the better
view the street takes of the corn crop situa
tion.
Bradstreet's Financial ¦¦ Review.
VEGETABLES?— Green Peas. l%@2c; String
Beans, I%jg3c; Limas, 4@6c; Cabbage. 33iQ;40c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the River, in large
boxes, 40«|75c; Dried Peppers, 12@lSc; Green
Okra. 50c$f|l per box: Carrots, 25@35c per sack:
Cucumbers. Bay, 20@35c; Pickles, l%c per lb
for small and lc for large: Garlic. 2jJ3c; Green
Peppers. 25<S50c per box for Chile and 25i7J50c
for Bell; Egg Plant, 40@75c per box; Green
Corn. 25<S65c per sack;- Alameda, 65@85c per
crate: Berkeley. 25@50c; Summer Squash, large
boxes. 20@30c; New Marrowfat Squash. $15@20
per ton.
POTATOES— $1 05@l 25 in sacks and $1 25®
1 50 In boxes for Burbanks, 75c@$l for Garnet
Chiles and 85c@$l for Early Rose;- Salinas Bur
banks. $1 25@1 40; Sweets, l%@2c per lb for new
and 75c. per sack for old Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, 75c<g$l per ctl; Pickle On
ions. 60®65c per sack.
Local dealers continue to report pronounced
firmness' in Potatoes and Onions. with an
eager demand for shipment. There is also
less demoralization in Vegetables, though
Corn is still in-oversupply and- cheap.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Local packers look for a decline In Hogs next
week, owing to larger arrivals. The other
meats are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: "-.--•.-, .
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lt> tor
cowa.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c: small, 8@9e per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©Sc; Ewes. 7®7%o p«*
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, t%®
6%c; over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off. boars 60 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations ; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9%c. *' °™ ea
San Francisco Meat Market.
CHICAGO." Aug. 9.— Wheat traders were in
clined to limit . their trades because of the
Government crop report expected to-morrow.
There were but little outside interest in the
market, while, news, of Interest was about
evenly divided. A narrow range of prices was
the result of this situation. The market open
ed quiet in sympathy with Liverpool. Septem
ber %c lower to unchanged 70%ig.70%c. Fear
that the Northwestern crop would be injured
by heavy rains, together with heavy seaboard
clearances, caused an early rally to 71%c. Bet
ter reports from, farmers and agents in the
country caused 'a reaction to 70%c, but heavy
export engagements caused a rally to 70%<g>
70%c. September closed steady, a shade over
yesterday, .at. 70 c ,i@70%c. . •
While corn was at times moderately active,
it was a local market, with the general specu
lative atmosphere- dull. Traders were await
ing the Agricultural Department's crop bulle
tin expected to-morrow and there was very
little country buying. September closed un
changed at 57%c.
Oats were dull but firm. September closed
U@%c higher at 35%c on buying by elevator
Interests. - • • • ¦ ¦
Provisions were dull. The market, however,
ruled steady on purchases of lard by, a local
'packer. September pork closed 7%c higher,
lard a shade up and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago .Grain Market.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Th« rressure has risen slowly over Oregon
end has fallen slowly over Southern California.
There has been a marked rise in the tempera
ture in the Sacramento and San Joaquin val
leys. No rain has fallen on the Pacific Coast.
At San Francisco the temperature is 56 de
grees, while at the same hour at Mount Tamal
pais the temperature is 82 degrees.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 10. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Saturday: continued
warm weather in the interior; fresh westerly
winds on the coast, with fog.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
southwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; warmer; *iTht north
west wind.
6an Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
light northerly wind changing to fresh westerly,
r.-ith foe in the afternoon.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
Beans are getting excited. -The demand for
shipment has extended from Pinks and large
Whites to Bayos and other kinds, and prices
are rising. Speculators now hold most of the
three sorts mentioned, and ask an advance over
the . quotations below for Eastern shipment.
Limas are practically cleaned up, stocks being
almost too slender for a quotation.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 60®2 75: Small White. $4 S3
©5: Large White. $3 7503 90; Pink, $2 15@2 25;
Red, $3S3 25; Blackeye. $3 50; Limas, $6 40@6 50;
Red Kidney. $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 75@3; Canary, 3Vi@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Kape, X%@
2%e: Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 63 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c: Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. lSe; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool. 30<fi;50c each; medium. 50@75c; Ions
Wool. S0c«8$l each; Horse Hides, salt $2 50^
2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium" $1 50-3
1 75 for small and SOc for Colts; Horse Hides
dry, $1 75 for large. $1 254J1 50 for medium it 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Sum
mer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins 30c
winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Primi
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, SOc; medium.
35c. . ' .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c per lb
choice. 5c: No. 2. 3%@4c: grease. 2V-@3c
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humbolclt and
Mendoclno. 14@15%c; do. Lambs' lie per lb-
Northern, free. 12@13c; defective. 9@llc; Middlo
County, free, 10@llc; do. defective, 8010c-
Southern. 12 months, 8^9c; Southern, free. 7
months, 7@10c; do, defective. 7 months 7SSc-
Oregon Valley, fine. 14@15c; do. medium and,
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice. Il@l3c
do. fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada. 10@llUc. Fall
—San Joaquln Lambs'. 7V-©3c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb. ' . • -
The Hop crop of Washington is " reported
somewhat less than that of last year. There
is no talk of these good3 yet, and quotation*
continue nominal.
Hides, T allow', Wool and Heps.
The twenty cars of Hay on the tracks met
with the usual good demand and the market
was steady. Alfalfa was firm at the advance.
It is worth as much as the best wheat hay now,
whereas for years it would bring only $4 or $5
per ton. and often less.
There is nothing new in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $19®19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2C@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill $23326: jobbing.
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake. $17@1S; Corn Meal. $30 50
@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31®32; Mixed Feed. $17
@18.
HAY— Wheat. " $7®9 50; choicp. $10(810 50;
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat. $6(S8 50; Barley
and Oat. $6<@S; Alfalfa. $8 50® 10 50; Clover. $3 50
@7; Volunteer. $4 SO'go 50.
STRAW— 25!&42%c per bale.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
COTTOLENE— One half- barrel, 9%c; thre«
half-barrels, 9'.4c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c ; five tierces. S'gc per ' lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7©7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10%c: 10-lb tins. ll»4c: 5-lb tins, ll%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per ib for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light. ll%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. l,W®14c; California Hams.
13iS13%c: Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess.
$12; Family, $13; prime Mesa Pork. $15: extra
clear. $23; Mess. $13; Smoked Beef, 13%S14o
per lb.
Previous prices rule for all description*.
Provisions.
FLOUR — California . Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75®3 for bakers'; Washington bakers'. $2 75
@3. _ .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks 'are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3 25:
extra cream do. $4: Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
$4©4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat; $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour.. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85@8 35:
in sacks, $6 5C@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas. $8 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstnffs.
In the dried fruit market out of town orders
continue on a liberal scale for evaporated ap
ples and the -general undertone of the market
was firm. Desirable grades hold the chief at
tention and . are held . higher. The close was
State, common to cood, 4%@5c; prime, 7@
7^c: choice, 7%@8c; fancy, 8@8%c. '
California dried fruits were Inactive but
nominally steady at unchanged prices.
PRUNES— 3%@7e.
APRICOTS— Royal. 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8ft 12c.
PEACHES— Peeled,' 8@11%; unpeeled, 6@9V£c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK; Aug. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts. 21.
279 bbls. ; exports, 4900 bbls. Fairly active on
winters and generally firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 47,740 bushels; exports,
31,917 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 77%c f. o.
b. afloat: No.' 2 red, 77%c ' elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 7TJgc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 86%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
were generally firm all day 'on rains in the
Northwest, bullish crop news from Russia,
local covering on . fears that the Government
report may be more bullish than- expected, very
heavy clearances. Closed partly %c net high
er. September, 75%@76c, closed 75%c; October,
76%c, closed 76%c; December, 77%©78%c, closed
7S%c.
? HOPS— Steady. -
HIDES— Steady. ¦ . '
WOOLr^Dull. ;
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, steady: No. 7, Rio in
voice, 5 ll-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll%c.
Futures market closed steady, 5 to 10 points
higher. Total sales, 39,500 bags, . including:
September, $4 95(g5; October, $5 05; December,
$5 20(55 25; March, $5 45.
SUGAR— Raw, barely steady; fair refining,
3 9-16c; Centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses
sugar. 3 5-16c; refined, dull.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3621 packages; steady.
State dairy, 14@19c; creamery, 16.3f20%c; West
ern June factory, 15@15%c; imitation creamery,
14©17%c.-- ¦ ¦ :
EGGS— Receipts. 5340; steady. State and
Pennsylvania, leig'ISc; Western, candled, 12@
16'ic; Western, uncandled. S@8Vic.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 54- Mount Tamalpais. S6; Independ
ence ?$• R*d Bluff. 104; Fresno. 104; Los Ange
les, S2; Sacramento, SS; San Luis Obispo, 78;
San Diego, €8.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 50; mean. 56.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. August 9, 1901—5 p. m
Weather Report.
N civ York Grain and Produce.
Kittle & Co. announced yesterday that they
had retired from the management of the Pa
cific Oil and Lead Works, which will hereafter
be conducted under other management. The
name of Kittle & Co. is one of the very eldest
In San Francisco trade, dating back to the
Infancy of many middle-aged business men of
to-day.
Personal.
Colorado Southern 3,300 14 13V* 13%
Colo . Southern 1st pfd.. 600 62 62 52
Colo Southern 2d pfd.. 1,000 ¦ 22% 22 23%
Delaware & Hudson.... 300 159% 159% 159V4
Dei Lack & Western... 400 226 225% 224
Denver & Rio Grande.. 400 42V4 42 41
Den & Rio Grande. pfd. 1,200 92 91 90^4
E /»e 7,700 37 36 36
fe r e o 1 ! 1 ?i d 70 ° K W 64 % 63%
Erie 2d pfd 1,100 49
Great Northern pfd 176
Hocking Valley 100 62 62 52V&
Hocking Valley pfd 500 74 74 74
Illinois Central '900 145% 115 113
Iowa Central 2,500 40% 39^4 3S'>
Iowa Central pfd SOO 75% 75 --75^
Lake Erie & Western.. 60
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 100 125% 125H 125
Louis & Nashville 3,100 101% 100% 100%
Manhattan Elevated 500 117^ 116% 116%
Metropolitan St Ry 300 165 " 164 163%
Mexican Central COO 23% 23»i 23 %
Mexican National 6.100 11 10 10
Minn & St Louis 500 109% 109 ION
Missouri Pacific 13,600 101% 98% 99%
Missouri Kan & Tex.... ..„ ...* 25
Missouri K & Tex pfd. 1,000 53% 52% 52%
N. J. Central i»g
New York Central 2.500 152 151 150%
Norfolk & Western 5,400 52% 51 50%
Norf & Western pfd 87'
Ontario & Western 1,900 32% 32% .32%
Pennsylvania 2,100 144 143 143%
Reading 3,200 41 40 40»4
Reading 1st pfd 1.500 77?j 76% 76%
Reading 2d pfd 1.500 51% 51U 51
St L & San Francisco.. SOO 3S»i 39'i S9V4
StL&^ Fist pfd 200 79 79 78%
St L & S F 2d prefd.... 900 €8% 6S ' 67U
St Louis Southwestern. 2.000 29V> - 28% 2S;i
St Louis Southwest pfd 2.300 62% 61% 61
St Paul 13.400 159% 157 " 157
St Paul pfd 182%
Southern Pacific 11,800 55Vi 53% 53-j 3
Southern Railway 6,500 29% 28% 28%
Southern Railway pfd.. 400 84% 84 83%
Texas & Pacific S.2G0 42-H 41 42
Toledo St L & West .'. .... 20
Toledo St L & West pfd ..... ., 33
Union Pacific 21,700 97% 95^ 95%
Union Pacific pfd 500 89 88% 88%
Waba-=h 5.000 21% 20T4 20%
Wabash pfd 5.000 40U 39 S&%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 17%
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd 29'
P C C & St Louis.... 72
Express Companies — . . .
Adams 175
American 1J3
ITnited States 85
Wells Fargo '. , 140
MifccellaneouA^- - .
Amalgamated Copper... 3.700 11314 HU4 11174
Am Car & Foundry 1,100 29U 28% 2S',»
Am Car & Foundry pfd 6C0 84>i S3 83 "
Am Linseed Oil " "23 ¦
Am Lineeed Oil pfd 6S%
Am Smelting & Ref.... 200 52% 51% 51U
Am Smeltins & Ref pfd . 200 100 " 99T4 9i',i
American Tobacco 132
Anaconda Min Co 600 44% 44 44
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 3,100 75% 74% 73%
Colorado Fuel & Iron ' 94
Consolidated Gas 700 221 221 220
Continental Tobacco ... 1.500 65. 66 66
Cont Tobacco pfd 115
General Electric 400 252% 230% 250%
Glucose Sucar 300 57% 57 56%
Hocking Coal ¦ 500 20U 20 1S%
International Paper 300 21% 21 21
Internatnl Paper pfd... 100 75 75 75
International Power ... 600 90% 90 90-
Laclede Gas 85
National Biscuit 41
National Lead 500 21 20% 20%
National Salt 200 41% 41% 39%
National Salt pfd "... 75%
North American 96%
Pacific Coast '.. 64
Pacific Mail ; 100 39 33 38
People's Gas, ex div.... 23,800 113% 108% 108%
Pressed Steel Car 400 42% 42 41V-
Pressed Steel Car pfd ;. ' 84 "
Pullman Palace Car 205
Republic Steel 500 19% 19% 19%
Republic Stael pfd 100 74 74 73
Sugar 4.-300 134 132^ 132-H
Tenn Coal & Iron....... 1,800 61 59% 59Vi
Union Bag & Paper Co. ...: 14%
Union Bae & P Co pfd 7O',i
United States Leather.. 1,100 13% 12% 12%
U S Leather pfd 200 SO 80 79%
United States Rubber.. 17 V>
US Rubber pfd ; 55"
United States Steel 32.100 42% 41% 41%
U- S Steel " pfd... ¦.... 11.500 ; 91% 90^ 90%
Western Union 11,000 93 92 91%
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers* Association
quotes the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, : 10c ; Prime, 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per lb;
choice. 9Hc; standard. S-\c; prime, Sc: un
bleached Sultanas. 8c: Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6^jc; 2-crown, 6c:
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 6c; 3-crown. 5^4c. and
4-crown. o^c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown. $1 50 per box ; 3-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Impe
rials. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c: No.
2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10<S10Vic; No. 2. 6%@
<%c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell. 10311c for
softsheil and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5®
7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Filberts,
12-S12%c; Pecans, 111313c: Cocoanuts. $3 50<S5.
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@10o
for light amber; water white extracted, 5^®6c;
light amber extracted. 4V4@5c; dark, 3%®lVic.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
The situation remains unchanged. No prices
for new" Prunes, Plums or Pears have yet been
announced. The other new fruits continue in
lively demand.
. FRUITS— Apricots. 7%@10c for new Royalt
and 7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moor
parks; new Evaporated Apples. 607c: new
Peaches. 5 1 ,4@7c for future delivery; Pears, 4®
8c; Plums, pitted, 3@5c; unpitted. l@l%c; Nec
tarines, 4'<?4>/7C for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— The association has withdraws
quotations and will sell no more at present.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Car from Hookston: Prunes — Gros, $1 15@l 35.
average $1 24. Plums— Yellow Egg. average $1
single crates. Pears — Bartletts. average $2 05
boxes; 95c@$l. average . 96c - half boxes. Gross
sales, . $330. Twenty-one cars sold. Weather
pleasant. . . } •
Car from Vacaville: Peaches— Crawfords. 35c
(S$l 35. average $1 19 box: Susquehanna. $1 10®
1 20. average $1 14 box; Mary's Choice, average
$1 20 box. White Nectarines— Averaged $1 15
single crates. Plums— Kelsey, . 70ffl80c, average
75c single crates; Yellow Egg, 75c@$l. averago
77c single crates; Duke, average $2 25 single
crates. Prunes — Hungarian, average $1 55 sin
gle crates. Red Nectarines — S3c@$l 20. average
89c single crates. Pears— Bartletts, $2 lo<iT2 30,
average $2 19 box. Grapes— Tokays, $2 5502 70,
average $2 65 single crates. Gross sales, $1110.
Car from Sacramento: Peaches— Crawford, .
50c®$l, average 75c box. Plums— Yellow Egg,
40c©$l 20, average 90c single crates; Bradshaw,
65@95c, average 66c single crates. Prunes—
Gros. $1 25@1 50. average $143 single crates;
Silver, average SOc single crate: Red Necta
rines, $1 10 single crate. Pears — Bartlett, $1 S0@
1 95, average $1 88 box. Gross sales $390. •¦ •¦
Car from Sacramento: Pears— Bartletts. $2 23
@2 35, average $2 33 box. Gross sales, $1125.
Car from Hookston: Prunes — Gros. $1 05®
1 10, average $1 07 single crates; Oakshade, av
erage 95c single crates. Pears— Bartletts, $1 95
@2 15, average $1 95 box; $1@1 05, average $1 01
half box. Seven hundred and forty-three pack
ages grossed $930. ¦ • • .
Car from Sacramento: Prunes — Gros, $1 35®
1 59 single crates, average $1 46; Silver gOiffOie
average 91c» single crates; Italian, $1 70{?l 75,
average $1 71 single crates. Pears— Bartletts,
$2 15@2 30, average $2 27 box ; Seckle, average
$160 half boxes. Gross sales. $1225.
Car from Mayhews: Plums — Purple Duane,
75iff30c, average 84c single crate; Brad3haw,
90cfi$l 05, average 91c single crate; Yellow Egg,
95c<ff$l. average 98c single ! crate; Columbia,
$1 10@l 15. average $1 12 single crate; Victoria,
average $1 15 single crate. Prunes— Tragedy,
$1 Oaiffl 13. average $1 12 single crate: German,
$1 15@1 30, average $1 26 single crate; Hungar
ian; average $1 20 single crate; Italian, aver
age $1 25 single crate; Silver, $1 10@l 25, aver
age $1 22 single crate. Pears— Bartlett, • aver
age $2 15 box. ¦
Car from- Suisun: Prunes— Silver. 90c® $1.
average 98c single crate. Pears — Bartlett. $2 05
(§2 10. average $2 09 box. Gross sales $390.
Car from Suisun: Prunes — Silver. 90c@$l 05.
average $1 02 single crate. Pears— Bartlett, $2(Jp
2 05 box. Gross sales $1010. . . •
Car from. Vacaville: Peaches— Crawford.
$1 15@1 SO. average $1 19 box; Elberta, $1 20@
1 45, average $1 30 box; Seller, $1 15@1 30, aver
age $1 24 box; Orange Cling, • average $1 30 box.
Plums — Kelsey, average 60c single crate; Yellow
Egg, average 70c single crate; Columbia, aver
age $1 single crate. Prunes— Giant, 95c@$l,
average 95c single -'crate. Pears — Bartlett
$1 95<g2 15, average $2 15 box: $1@1 30, aver
age $1 29 half box. Grapes— Tokay, average
$1 85 single crate. Gross sales. . $1080.
Car from Sacramento: Plums — Yellow Egg
average $1 35 single crates. Prunes— Gros, $1 15
©1 55, average $1 51 single crates; Assorted,
$190@2 15, average $1 96 single crates. Pears—
Bartletts, $2 20®2 40; average $2 28 boxes.
Gross sales. $1190.
Car from Hookston: Prunes— Gros, average
$1 10 single crates; Oakshade, average $1-10
single crates. Pears— Bartletts. $2 05@2 15,
average $2 09 boxes; 95c@$l, ¦ average 9Sc half
boxes. ¦ • -
Porter Brothers Company sales, car from
Vacaville: Peaches — Crawford, average $1
boxes; Susquehanna, $1@1 15, average $113
boxes; Reeves, $l@l 15, average $1 12 boxes
Nectarines— Average $110 single crates; White
Nectarines, 60c@$l 10 single crates. Plums-
Yellow Egg. average 75c single crates. Prunes
— Gros, average $1 40 single crates. ' 1035 pack
ages grossed $1055.
- Plums— Eureka, $1 10@l 25 single crates: Yel
low Egg. $1 05(5)1 25; Kelsey Japan, $1 10@1 25-
Lemon Plum, $1 10. Prunes— California, $1 25®
1 35 single crates; Hungarian, $1 20@l 40; Im
perials. $l(gl 25.
NEAV YORK,. Aug. 9.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Baftletts, $2 15©
2 SO boxes, $1 05@l 20 half-boxes. . Peaches—
Susquehanna, $1 15®1 25 boxes.
Car from Armona: Pears— Bartlett, $1 50®
1 90, average $1 80 box. Plums— Japan, 85c@$l,
average 95c. 504 packages grossed $865.
Car from Armona: Pears— Bartlett, $1 30®
1 70, average $1 59 box. Peaches— Susquehanna,
65c@$l, average 96c box. Gross sales, $S35.
Car from Newcastle— Pears— Bartletts, aver
age $1 76 box. Plums— Golden Drop, average
70c single crate. "-
Car from Suisun: Prunes— Silver, average
75c single crate; Sargent, average $1 20 single
crate. Plums— Yellow Egg, 75@80c, average 76c
single crate. Peaches — Crawford, average S5c
box. Nectarines— White, average 90c single
crates. Pears— Bartlett, $1 85®1 95, average
$1 00 boxes. 729 packages grossed $780.
Eighteen cars fruit sold to-day. Weather
warm.
Car from SuisOn: Prunes — Gros. average $140.
single crates; Silver, 90c@$l 10, average 93c, sin
gle crates. Plums— Yellow Egg, 80@90c, aver
age S2c, single crates; Columbia, average 90c,
single crates. Pears— Bartlett, average $18 5,
boxes; half boxes, 85c; Beurre Clairgeau, aver
age $1 15. Peaches — Crawford, 95c@$l 05, aver
age $1, boxes. Nectarines— Average, 90c, single
crates. Seven hundred and fifty-seven pack
ages grossed ' $365.
Car from Mayhews: Plums— Yellow Egg, $1 10
@1 25, average $1 15. single crates; Victoria. $1 30
01 40. average $137, single crates; Columbia,
$105@130, average $110 single crates; Brad-
Bhaw, 70c@$l 05, average 90c, single crates; Pur
ple Duane, average $1 15, single crates. Prunes
—German, $1 3C1J1 95, average $1 46, single
crates; Bulgarian, average $150. single, crates;
Gros, average $135, single crates; Silver, aver"
age $130, single crates; Hungarian, average
$1 40, single crates. Pears— Bartlett, $1 50S2 10,
average $2. Gross sales $1045.
From Vacaville: Pears-rBartlett, $1 60@l 90
box. Prunes— Sargent, average $1 25 single
crates. Peaches — Susquehanna. $1 10@l 15 box;
Crawfords, $1 05@l 20; Orange Clings, average
$1 05; Mary's Choice, average $105. Plums—
Kelsey Japa"n. average $1 05 single crates;
Golden Drop, average $1; Yellow Egg, 85c@
$1 05. Grapes — Muscat, average $2 40 single
crates; Tokay, average $2 45.
From Suisun: Pears— Bartlett, $150^2, boxes.
Plums— Yellow Egg, 80c@$l, single crates.
Prunes — Sargent, average $120, single crates;
Hungarian, average $160, -single crates.
Car from Sacramento: Pears — Bartlett, $1 55@
1 80, average $1 61, boxes. Prunes— Gros, aver
age ?1 26, single crates; German, average $1,
single crates. Plums— Washington, I 30c(g'$l 10,
average 74c, single crates; Jefferson, average
75c, single crates; Columbia, 95c@$l, average
97c single crates; Victoria, average $1 15 sin
gle crates. Prunes— Bulgarian, average $1 30,
single crates. Seven hundred and sevtnty-six
packages grossed $705.
CHICAGO, Aug. 9.— Earl • Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Peaches— Early Craw
fords, 45c@$l 25 box. . Grapes— Malaga, $1 75@
2 35 single crates; Malaga Clusters, $2 65<g>3.
Pears— Bartlett, ?1 10@2 20 box. Plums—Co
lumbia," $1 15@1 35 single crates; Yellow Eg?,
$1@1 15;*. Kelsey Japan, $1 10@l 65. Prunes—
German. $1 50@l 65 single crates; Gros, $1 45
@1 75.
Porter Bros. Company sales: White Necta
rines— 90@95c single crates. Peaches—Craw
fords, average 95c box; Susquehanna. averag*
$1. Pears— Bartletts, $i 60@l 90 box. Prunes-
Sargent average $115 single crates; Bulgarian,
$1@1 10; Gro3, average $1 20. Plums— Yellow
Egg, average S5c.
From Acampo: Prunes— Silver,- S5@90c single
crates; Giant, average $130; Hungarian, $130.
Plums— Abundance, average 90c. . Peaches—
Crawfords, 90c@$l 05 box; Elberta, $1 05@l 15;
Foster, average $1 05; Mary's Choice, average
$1 05. Pears— Bartlett, average $1 50 box.
California Fruit Sales,
The following table, compiled by Bradstreet,
shows the bank clearings at principal cities
for the week ended August S, with the per-
« e uwS' of ln6rease and- decrease as compared
with the corresponding week last year.
<-i*!»«-l Percentage.
tnt. 5?~, Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $l,237.6S2,400 75.9
Bo .f ton - 141.163,715 31.5 " ....
k£? a f°, ••; 140,303,845 18.3 ....
Philadelphia 88,153,580 14.2
fcl. Louis 38,991,484 34.6
Pittsburg 33.681,219 31.1
Baltimore .- 21,642,»14 20.6
ban Francisco ..... 22,734,516 31.1 ....
Cincinnati 17,074,900 33.9
Kansas City 17,926,921 18.5
New. Orleans 7,776,526 8.9 •....
Minneapolis 9 172 745
Detroit 13.60l!915 kb'.i ...'.
Cleveland 14,637.340 15.0
Louisville 8,094,381 15.1
Providence 6,207,2CO 14.5 ....
Milwaukee 6,024,963 8.5 ....
£ t -J ? ? ul 4.748.403 16.3
Buffalo 5,663,232 • 17.7 ....
Omaha 6,142,454 11.9 ....
Indianapolis 10,780,687 ' 86.5 ....
Columbus. Ohio .... 6.65:0.200- 43.6
Wilkesbarre 729,930 ' ....
Savannah 2.C55.241 .... 26.3
Denver 4,926,430 .... 12.3
Hartford 2,359.473 -6.2 < ....
Richmond ! 3.357.441 . ....
Memphis 2,177,053 32.0 : ....
Washington 2,437,761 1.5 ....
Peoria 2,129,156 8.6 ....
Rochester 2.240,997 27.7 ..'..
New Haven 1,529,161 17.7 ....
Worcester 1,678,139 49.2 ....
Atlanta J.C51.300 17.6 ....
Salt Lake City 3,041.365 82.3
Springdeld, Mass... 1,394,823 11.2 ....
Fort Worth 2,010,543 7.4 ....
Portland, Me 1.2.">5.S10 • 19.5 ....
Portland. Or 2.070,420 15.3 ¦ ....
St. Joseph 5,519,668 2§.6 ....
Los Angeles 2.742.S18 12.3 ....
Norfolk 1,427,729 15.6 ....
Syracuse 1.211.094 24.4
Des Moines 1,433,450' 10.9 ....
Nashville 1,151,343 39.2
Wilmington, Del... 1,024,368 17.1
Fall River 766,841 12.8
Scranton 1,204.323 36.1
Grand' Rapids ...... 1,359,-OCO 13.1 ....
Augusta, Ga 688.415 < ....
Lowell 5C5.198 ....
Dayton, Ohio. 1,1CS.55O 23.1
Seattle 2.S44.583 1.8* ....
Tacoma 1,041.247 4.4 ....
Spokane 1,241.074 30.2
Sioux City 1,104,595- 5.0 ....
New Bedford 454,056 15.2 ¦ • ....
Knoxville. Tenn 6->8.428 42.7 ....
Topeka 1,081.501 21.0 "-
Birmingham 7."2.312 5.9 ....
Wichita 592,451 1C.6
Blnghamton 310,000 .... ' S.7
Kvansville, Ind 953.182 24.5 ....
Lexington. Ky 545.627 -7.7 ....
Jacksonville. Fla.. 541.041 6R.3 ....
Kalamazoo 470,688 18. 9 ....
Akron 526.500 8.4 ....
Macon, Ga 1 516,000 ..'.. 9.4
Chattanooga 443,650 18.7
Rockford. Ill ?". 300.3S8 27.2
Canton. Ohio 360,933. S8.4 ....
Springfield, Ohio... 252,850 ' 45.6 ....
Fargo. N. D... 331,098 3*. 9 ....
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 210.093 68.0 ....
Little Rock 530.4C2 21.8 ....
Fremont. Neh 188,573 39.2 ....
Davenport 1.466.93S 48.5- • ....
Toledo ;.... 3.233,442 Z5.S
Galveston 5.150,000 24.2 ....
Houston •7,051,630 4S.5
Helena • • 623.403 .... "29.0
Springfield. Ill E01.571 20.7
Youngstown 441.598 64.5 ....
Bloomington 216.127 45.5
Jacksonville 186,715 • 24.8
Colorado Springs... 628.517 ....
Wheeling • .. 598.271 ' ¦ 2.1
Chester 2k8,499 : ..:.
Totals U. S.'.... $1,932,329,352 ' 52.0 t ~
Totals outside . . . ?
N. Y. .•.694.946,952. 22.4 . ....
DOMINION OF,' CANADA. .
Montreal .....' $16,899,251 21.0
Toronto 11.051,154 32.3 ....
Winnipeg 2.018.307 21.7 ....
Halifax 1,851.869 8.3 ..-..
Hamilton 672,417 10.7
St. John, N. B "890.291 3.1
Vancouver 1,015,780 " ....
Victoria 676.923 .... . .1.0
Quebec 148.0U
Totals '..... ....7. *35.07S,822 " 21.5
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— Cotton futures closed
steady, 8 points higher.
Bank Clearings.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 75@4: Lem
ons. $2^3 for common and $3 50@4 75 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c®$l 50; Mexican
Limes. $7@7 50; Bananas; $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@2 DO per- dozen.
•GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater, 50
@7oc per box; Tokay. Sjc per crate: Muscats,
75c<g$l: Spedlrss. 75e@$l: Black. 50ct?$l.
worths and JS'gS for large berries.
RLACKBEKKIES-lfc per chest. .
LOGAN BERRIES-Jfia7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $3<g7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— «!«8c r*T Ib.
FIGS— Black, RHvRil iw box for single and
for double layers; White. 5<VE?75c.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 2r,«K5c per box: Can
taloupes. 25@35c per half crate and 50c@?l 50
per large crate; Watermelons. 6@25c apiece.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 9,-To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund.
Sfri«in Ve ? f *3? e n50 ' 000 ' 000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $178,812,511; gold. $102,398,760.
Condition of -the Treasury.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley show no especial variation.
Oats and Corn firm, but dull.
Rye crop turning out lighter than expected.
Hay and Feedstuff s steady and selling well.
Beans getting excited under the shipping demand.
Potatoes cud Onions still wanted for the West and Southwest.
Poultrx in good supply and weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm.
Fruit still demoralized by late boats.
Oranges and Lemons higher. Limes firm.
No prices yet for new Prunes, Plums and Pears.
Provisions in moderate demand and steady. •
Hop crop of Washington said to be lighter than expected.
Lower prices for Hogs expected next zveek.
Nothing new on the stock exchanges.
Failures for the week were 173 in the .United
States, against 177 last year, and 31 in Canada,
against 23 last year. .
Having no' further ammunition in heat and
drought reports for hoisting prices, speculators
have turned suddenly to the other extreme and
demonstrate that early frosts threaten' all late
planted corn. *
Eastern shoe manufacturers find conditions
as favorable as last week, while reports from
the West are more encouraging. Prospects
continue to improve in the market for woolen
goods and as the manufacture enjoys greater
activity prices for raw material are harden
ing. Little change is sean in actual sales, but
there is a growing disposition to hold for the
better terms that many in the trade consider
inevitable.
NEW YORK, Aug* 9.— R. G. Dun & Co.' s
Weekly Review of Trade - to-morrow will say:
There is no Complaint from any part of the
country over the volume of current distribu
tion of merchandise and what hesitation is ob
served in general trade is chiefly due to the
uncertainty, as to the duration of the iabor
troubles in the steel. manufacture. Collections
continue good. Better weather has helped the
agricultural outlook, money is easy and stocks
of merchandise carried are not above the aver
age for this season of the year, particularly in
the West and Southwest. Relief is felt in all de
partments of the iron and steel industry, now
that uncertainty is ended and the position of
the contestants made clear. Now . the issue
must be determined permanently and a settled
condition will greatly facilitate operations.
Structural wire and plate mills are not affect
ed and the production of rails will not be ma
terially curtailed. Supplies of bars and tubes
will be restricted and quotations in these lines
tend to follow the advance already secured
for sheets and hoops. A bad feature ¦ is the
increase in importation of tinplates, which had
been manufactured in sufficient quantity to
about meet the domestic demand, imports in
the last fiscal year being valued at only ?3,770,
062. against $35,746,420 ten years ago.
i There was no change in this market. Small
round Yeljow, $1 75; Eastern Yellow, $1 62!£<g>
165; White. $1 70@l 75 per ctl; Mixed, ?1 50@
155. .- ¦
RYE— 72%(S77%c per ctl. It is reported that
around Turlock the crop will fall 25 per cent
short of Ip.st year's average.
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
72^c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Are dull, and as before quoted at 95c®
$1 02V4 for Black and 97%c@$l 15 per ctl for Red.
CORN— Chicago wires said that the forthcom
ing Government report would probably give the
condition of the crop at 65 and possibly 60. It
was rumored that the towa State report would
give that-State a condition of 55, and the Illi
nois* report one of 50. Argentine shipments for
the week were 1,896,000 bushels, against 4»6,C0O
for the same date last year.
- CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sessiqn— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 02%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 02%.
¦ Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 02U.
BARLEY— Quotations remain unchanged, and
business Is dull. The local dealers have not yet
secured an Eastern rate from the railroads."
Feed, 73%c for choice bright, 71Vi@72V4c for No.
land 67&@70c for oft grades; Brewins and
Shipping grades, 77%@85c; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool futures were
lower.
Chicago was steady and active, the weak
cables being offset by wet - weather in the
Northwest and bad Russian crop news. The
crowd, however, fought any advance, and the
weakness in Corn had a depressing effect. The
other markets were stronger . and St. Louis
wired: "Continental Information again very
strone. We feel sure of higher prices. One
hundred thousand bushels taken for export."
Galvcston cleared 622.000 bushels. The ray's
clearances from the seaboard were over 1.500,000
bushels. Snow's forecast of the forthcoming
Government report on the condition of spring
wheat was 78. Argentine shipments, were 328,
000 bushels for the week, against 784,000 for the
same week last year. ¦ %$
This market was dull and not Mnaterially
changed. : -. . .
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97%@9S%c: milling,
$1@1 02% per ctl. • •
Wheat and Other Grains.
er* ? bins 1 «f C « n |-7T U , h a S tuaI busin «s In bank
sutv i A $ « lT4 , for deman <* and. $4 85V, for
me y . ? £». PoSted mtes - « «6>4@4 89. • Com-
SSSI1S Bar Silver, gffi
ran°rSadr < nrm. rnment> Steady '' State> ina^ive;
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— The metal market was
void of special -feature to-day." Pig tin In Lon
don was £1 higher and firm, closing spot at
£115 10s and futures at £112 5s.- Trade was
quiet. Locally the tin market was quiet and
without important price changes. Spot closed
at $27@27 25. Copper in London was 5s better
"but very quiet, with spot at the close quoted
at £66 2s 6d and futures £66 10s. • The same
nominal condition prevails in copper here at
$16 50@17 50 for Lake Superior and $16 37%@>
16 62% for casting and electrolytic. The lead
market was dull and nominally unchanged at
$4 37V4. . London lead was also unchanged at
£11 16s 3d. Spelter ruled featureless at $3 90(S)
3 95 hero, and at London it closed at £16 12s
6d. Domestic iron markets contine unchanged.
Pigiron warrants, $9 50@10; No. 1 Northern
foundry, $15(5)15 50; No. 2 Southern foundry. $14
©14 50; No. 1 do, $14 50<!7>15 25; do soft. $14 75i0>
15 23. Glasgow warrants closed at 53s 6d and
Mlddlesboro at 43s Gd. '.
'New- York Metal Market.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — JI S6
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS%
Sterling Cables — . 4 89fe
New York Exchange, sight — C3
New. York Echange. telegraphtc — VlVn
Silver.-'per ounce . — SS^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 & 47!£
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
$3 40@190; cows and heifers, *1@4 60: bulls and
stags,: $2@4 70; ' stackers and feeders,^ $2@3 75;
veals, $2@5. ¦ ' , - ¦- . ' .
HOGS — Receipts, 6900. Market opened 6<@>10c
higher;, closed steady to 5c higher. Light and
light mixed. $5 55@6: medium and heavy, $3 75
@C 12^; pigs, $2 50@4; bulk, $3 75@6..
SHEEP-Receipts, 400. Market steady. Top
lambs, $5 25. : i',' ¦
Canadian failures "number 29, as against 18
last week, 20 in this week, a year ago, 27 in
1899, 33 in 1S98 and 31 in 1897. ¦* :
Business failures in the United States num
ber 185, as. against 160 last week, 172 in this
week a year ago, 156 in 1839, 157 in 1S98 and
:i4 In 1S97. . - ". ' ¦
week aggregate S.3S2.199 bushels, as against 6,
463,391 last. week, 3,318,760 in the corresponding
week of- 19C0, 3,616,164 : In 1899 and 3.928,606.. in
18SS. From July 1 to date the shipments ag
gregate 35,032.571 bushels, as against 16.8S1.355
last season and 20,872,068 in 1S99-1S0O. , •-.
THE SAN FRAJS T CISCO,;CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1901;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature— 7 a. m., 53 degrees.
STATIONS. I Pfffil Vo f|
I IsjiP r j*
AFtoria 30.1S 64 £4 NW Pt.Cldy .0
Baker IS .?•» SO 50 N Clear .0
Carson 29. SS S6 54 W Clear .0
Eureka 30.04 54 52 W Cloudy .0
Fresno 29.76 104 66 NW Clear .0
riapstaft 29. »S 54 54 S Pt.Cldy .0
Pocatello. Idaho.. .29. M SS CO W Pt.Cldy .0
Independence 29.68 98 72 S Pt.Cldy .0
Los Angeles 29.86 82 5S SW Clear .0
Phoenix 29.68 1% M \V Clear .0
Portland SO. 10 76 54 NW Clear .0
Red Bluff 29.78 104 6S S Clear .0
Koseburg 30.C2 84 52 N Clear .0
Sacramento 29.80 9S 51 SW Cloudy .0
Fait Lake 29.82 90 64 N Clear v .0
San Francisco 29.S8 62 50 SW Clear .0
Pan Luis Obispo..29.S4 78 54 S Clear .0
Fan Diego 29.86 68 64 NW Clear .0
Seattle 30.16 72 50 W Clear .0
Spokane 29.94 K 58 W Cloudy .0
Neah Bay 30.20 CO 62 W Clear .0
Walla Walla 13.94 86 60 W Clear .0
Winnemueea 29. R0 RR 55 NW Clear .0
Yuir.a 29.70 105 U S Clear .0
" LONDON,- Aug. 9. — Consols, ' 97: silver,' ! 26
15-lGd; French rentes. lOlf 33c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 1 standard
California, . 30s 6d; English country markets,
quiet.'* ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦-- . • ; .- ••,¦ •
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 9.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s©6s'i4d: wheat In Paris
dull; flour in Paris, dull; Fren«h country mar
kets," quiet . and ¦ steady; weather ¦ in : England,
fine. • . *;¦;• . . , ,
COTTON— Uplands. 4&d.
8
Dun's Reviezv of b Trade.
AUCTIOLSALES'-
.fcs fcv £ss
NEXT THURSDAY, Ang. 15.
I Will Sell About
THIRTY STANDARD BRED TROTTING
HORSES FROM THE FAMOUS PALO
ALTO STOCK FAR}],
Comprising sons and daughters of Azmoor. Dex-
ter Prince. Mendocino. Wiltlnut and A'.tivo. out
of grandly bred speefl producing mares. All
we'l broken, young and very promising; a hand-
somer Sot has never been offered at a-.ctlon in
this city. Horses at Balesyard?, August 12th,
Send for catalocue.
OCCIDENTAL H-ORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard street, near Third.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.NEW YQRK, Aug. 9.— In the Madison
Square Garden J bicycle races to-night
Frank Kramer of East Orange, N.-.T.,
won the half mile circuit championship,
beating Tom .Cooper of Detroit by five
open lengths in the final heat. This places
Kramer at the head of the list, with' 36
points for the -circuit championship, Ma
jor Taylor being second, with 23 pointa,'
and Cooper next, with 14. In the fourth
trial heat of the championship contest
Kramer established a new record for "the
half mile, as he covered it in 58 seconds.
This is a world's record/breaking all pre
vious indoor and outdoor marks. W. S.
Fenn of Waterbury, Conn., in. the third
heat of the one mile professional handi
cap covered the d;stance in 1:57 4-5,; and
his time in the final heat, although he did
not '.win,' was two-flfths of a second, bet
ter.-; This also established a new record
for an Indoor track. ~- -
All Previous Indoor arid
Outdoor Marks.
Frank Kramer of New Jersey Sreaks
BICYCLISTS , ESTABLISH
TWO NEW . RECORDS
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— Postoffice es
tablished: California— Clauston, Stanis
laus County, Lewis J. Haney, Postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned: California-
John A. Lovelady, Lodoga. - ,
Pensions granted: California: Increase
and restoration— John P. Henry, San
Francisco, $12; George G. Whittier. Sol
diers' Home, Napa, 5S. AVar with Spain,
original— Bertram E. Payne, Los Angeles,
$6; John Brophy, San Francisco, $6. Wid
ows— Frances M. Leonard, San Francisco,
$8; Carra A. Tarble, Los Angeles, $8: Car
oline Chamberlain, Winters,* $8; Ezekiah
HoggoFresno, $8. Original— Ezra- Suman,
Elgin, $6; ~ Benjamin F. Nicholson, Eu
gene, ?8. ¦¦¦'•'.'
Washington : Original— Henry W. , Davis,
Lincoln. $6. "r- ¦ : -,.i' ¦¦•¦
• — r—
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 9.— Orders have been
received by Captain Field of the cruiser
¦Ranger to prepare at once for sea and to
hold his vessel in readiness to leave on
a moment's notice. The vessel has been
taking coal on in a rush and will to-mor
row take on supplies for three months
The officers are of the opinion that the
rush orders are caused by the, chance of
difficulties with the insurgents and others
at Panama,' but nothing is known posi
tively and in all probability when the
orders come they will be sealed, to be
opened after the cruiser is started The
fact that supplies are to be taken for
three months indicates that the Journey
will be toward the south. All- men-ori
shore leave were called in to-day and will
be kept closely on board until the outcome
of this morning's order is known.
HURRY ORDERS TO RANGER.
Vessel at San Diego Will Probably
Leave for Panama-.
C. B. Griffin, a striking teamster, ap
peared in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
on the - charge of battery for striking
Michael Carroll, a non-union teamster for
J. C. "Wilson & Co. The case was con
tinued till August 26. Carroll alleges that
when they left the courtroom Griffin
threatened to kill him and he swore* to
a warrant in: Judge CabanissV court for
Griffin's arrest on, that charge.
Frank Bransfcon, a machinist employed
at the Union Iron Works, living at 614
Howard street, was attacked last night
about S o'clock at the corner, of Third and
Minna streets by a crowd of men. Brans
ton was" badly; beaten-abbut the. head and
face and indications are j present of a
fracture of the skull. He was detained
at the Central Emergency Hospital for
observation. He. claims that his assail
ants were striking machinists.
A man who gave his name as R. Spen
cer, late of Los Banos,' was treated at the
General Emergency Hospital yesterday
morning for four - scalp wounds and a
lacerated wound of the ear.. Spencer said
that he came to'the city in hope of getting
emy'luvment'as a teamster and on land
ing. went into a water front salqon to in
quire about the • job, when he was s,et
upon by live men who beat and robbed
him of $14, after which they- left the
saloon. - . ¦¦."' ¦ • .
A. Alexander, a teamster for Pattoslen
& Co., Sixteenth and Mission streets,
swore to a complaint before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday for the arrest of- two
men. on the charge of battery. He cald
that the two' men, who were striking
teamsters, chased him* Thursday night
and struck him. -While trying to escape
from them he pushed his right hand
through a plate glass - window and cut it
badly. . ; • . ¦ ;
Non-Union Tribulations.
CHICO, Atig. 9.— While driving a epan
of wild horses this morning near Dur
ham John Colrhs, one of Butte County's
oldest and most widely known farmers,
received injuries from which he died
Ehcrtly after noon. Colm's companion had
got out of the buggy to open a gate,
wtoen the team became frightened and
ran away. The buggy was overturned
and Colm was thrown to the^ground. His
skull was fractured.
Fatally Injured in a Runaway.
. SALT LAKE, Utah. Aug. 9.— By an in
junction granted at Carson City, Nev., to
day the Oregon Short Line is restrained
from interfering in any way with the San
Bedro Company (the Senator Clark road)
on the line in Lincoln County, Nevada
As the San Pedro road has claimed the
right of way on the exact surveyed line
of the Short Line the latter by this deci
sion will be unable to continue its work
of construction until th* injunction is set
tled at least. The hearing: of the appli
cation for.a'permanent injunction was set
for September 19. The decision affects
about 150 miles of the proposed line be
tween Salt Lake and Los Angeles, and is
regarded as the most important decision
in the litigation between the 'Oregon
Short Line and the San Pedro road for
possession of right of way.
Restrained^rom Interfering' in Any
Way "With the San Pedro
. Company xtoad!
OREGON SHORT LINE
SERVED WITH INJUNCTION
May Hempstead va. Cash; Roxy Ana vs.
Copper King; Willie Warren vs. Shylock Boy;
Lily Wright vs. Twilight Jr. ; Random Aim vs.
Commodore Nash; Emma M vs. Battleship;
Master Claire vs. Querita Vincent; Lundln
Links vs. Mosquito; Lowlander vs. King's Bor
derer; Prairie Maid vs. Shootover; Flying Belle
vs. Grey Cloud; Benlcla Boy vs. Jingle Bells;
Bowery Boy vs. ' Rickety Jig; Wlcklow Witch
vs. Eager; Golden Russett vs. Sofala; Impe
rial vs. Lottie M; Mystic vs. Warco; Warrior
vs. Florence ¦ Flatterer;. Alden Girl vs. Spring
back; Vagrant vs. May Be Kind; Statesman vs.
New York Boy: Honor Bright vs. Lady Dav
enport; Dread Naught Vs. O K Capitol; Stylish
vs. Pleasant Girl; Cruiser vs. Whisky .Hill;
Daisy Claire vs. Sweet Peas; Strayaway vs.
Mount Ida; Jimmy Anthony vs. Maid of the
Hill; Petronius vs. New Sample; Cliff Wilson
vs Hawker: May Lawrence vs. Go On; Miss
Wilson vs. Scottish Chief. •
A sixty-four dog: stake will be run oft
at the Melrose Coursing Park, -Oakland,
to-morrow. The drawing field Thursday
evening at 20 Eddy street resulted as fol
lows: . . /:.. ~-',-/" i? ¦*-.«•>
on Sunday Next.
HIGH .CLASS DOGS TO
COURSE AT OAKLAND
Melrose Park Is to Run a Good Stake
Clubs— n. H. -E.
PIttsburg :. ...............".... l 6 3
Chicago -..I 4 ¦ 8 3
Batteries— Tannehlll and Yeager; Hughes,
Taylor and Kahoe. Umpire— O' Day. ¦
CINCINNATI, Aug. 9.— St. Louis hits Guese
at will to-day. His support was weak also.
Attendance, 1200. ' Score:
Clubs— . R. ' H. E.
Cincinnati .T..... 6 11 'e
St. Louis T..". 13' t 13 1
"Batteries— Guese and Bergen; Murphy and
Ryan. - Umpire— Brown.
PHILADELPHIA, Ai^g. 9.— Hani hitting by
the Phillies enabled them to defeat New York
rather easily to-day. - Attendance, 4300.. Score:
Clubs— - . R. H. E.
New York '......." 5 * 0
Philadelphia .....13 ; .17 -. 2
. Batteries— Deegan and Bowerman; -Town
send and McFarland. Umpire— Dwyer. .. - .
BROOKLYN, Aug. 9.— To-day's game was
decided in the ninth. Attendance, 2S00. Score:
Clubs— j/ V R -' H. E.
Boston ...;.. ........3 6 2
Brooklyn ...r,...; 4 8 2
Batteries— Willis and Kittredge; Donovan
and McGuire. Umpires — Nash • and Emslle.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 9— Hughes was wild and
Taylor was substituted . In' the fourth. Only
four " scattered hits were , made oft* him. Chi
cago's hits were bunched. Attendance. 2300.
Score: • ¦ -.
NATIONAL LEAGUE,
1:13%. ' ". , v ¦ • ..-.¦-..-
Third race, . mile and a sixteenth/ selling —
Pacemaker won, Ceylon second, Uraganda
third. Time, 1:49. •' . • ¦ ¦ ;
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Sister Kate
won; Athara second, Tempt third. Tlme,l:14U.
. Fifth race, five furlongs — Erne won. Sly Maid
second, Paul Crelghton third. Time, 1:01%.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth— St. An
dres won, Ed Roth second, Alice Mantell third.
Time",:l:42V4. V ' ' / .. ' ;%
SARATOGA, Aug. '9.— Results: '-
I First : race,' ! six • furlongs— Sarner won, Connie'
second,' Ringleader third. Time, -1:14 4-5. V
; Second ¦ race,* handicap,: one mile and a';six
teenth—Trigger won, Caviar second, Kilogram
third. Time, ,1:49.. ';
¦-¦ Third race, five and a' half .furlongs — Dixie
Line won, Gay Boy second, Rocky third. .Time,
1:09. .---•.'-.. ¦¦•"¦-. • ' r ¦ *.'. -
. Fourth race, : one mile and a . sixteenth—In
shot.- won. The ¦ Amazon •- second, > Animosity
third. Time, 1:48 2-5.- - , . ¦ - ,
Fifth race, five furlongs— Yankee, won, Corn
wall second,-. Tribes Hill third. Time, 1:02 2-5.
Donation Carries Off the Ptirse in the
Steeplechase Over a Short
Course.
CH1.CAGO, Auff. 9.— Harlem results:,
Firsf race, seven furlones — Mondoro won.
Captain Hamm , second. Little Louis third.
Time, 1:27 1-5. . ¦¦,.-. '
Second i • race, six furlonsrs— Triadltza won,
Emma R second, The Phoenician third. Time,
1:11 2-3. . ; :
Third race, steeplechase, short course-^Dona
tioh won. Crest' second, Dick Furber third.
Time. 3:28.
Fourth race; fix furlongs— Light Ball won,
Goal -Runner second, School for Scandal third.
Time. 1:13. • • ,
Fifth race, five furlonts. selling — Lord Quex
won. Isiitar second, South Trimble third. Time,
1:00 4-5. ¦ ¦ , • •
/Sixth race, -mile and seventy yards— Brief
won, Searcher second, Illlouon third. Time,
.1:45 1-5. " ¦'.¦'¦-, -': .
.ST. LOUIS. Augr. 9. — Delmar Park results: ..
First race, five furlongs — Lillian M woii,
Madabell second, Attelle third. Time, 1:03%. •
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— J. - V. Hays won. Omella second. Miss Cooney
third. Time. 1:23&.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Miss- Dora won. Colonel Stone second, Potheen
third. Time, 1:10. - - ••.-< . • ' >. -,:.
Fourth race, seven' furlongs, seIlin#-Uterp
won. Benham second. Warren Point third.
Time. l:2St£. ~ . ¦ . ... .
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Barrlca won, Irving Mayor second. Empy
real- third. Time; 1:47.
Sixth race, six and a' half furlongs, selling—
Imp. Clopcilla won, Kiss, Quick second, Celia
third. Time, 1:22%. .
BUTTE..Aug. 9.— Results: '_<•
.. First race, six . furlongs— Del Allen won, Gov
ernment second, Maggie K third. . Time, 1:16.
• Second race,' four furlongs— Winne Cook won,
Arllne-B second, Poppy^A third. Time, :49VJ.
Third race, five and ¦ a . halt furlong-s— Ned
Dennis i won, ¦ TJn Cadeau second, Katie . Gib
bons third. Time, 1:08%. -¦
• , Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Domsle
won. Ping second.- Donator third. Time, 1:49%'.
Fifth race, six and a half, furlongs — Decapo
won, Duckoy second,- July Gyp third. Time,
1:22..- •''.... '. ; ¦ i - - - •• - r .
Sixth race, three furlongs— Honest John won.
Coal Oil Johnny second, Joe K third. Time
:35.\ . v
DETROIT, Aug. 9.— Windsor results:
First race, selling, half a mile — Heroics won,
My Sunny South second, Nugget third. Time,
¦AW*. A: ¦-
Second race, six furlongs— Velma Clark won.
Lecturer second, « Tea Gown third. Time,
SOME GOOD TIME MADE
ON THE EASTERN TRACKS
PARIS. Aug. 9.— A dispatch to the Pa
trie from Rome says the anarchist, Luipi
Gianotti. who Is charged at Milan with
being an accomplice of Bresci In the as-
EaEsination of King; Humbert, has con
fessed to his complicity in the crime. He
admits that he left Paterson, N. J., in
company with Bresci and that they went
together to Monsa, near Milan. Gianotti
started a street row at Monsa the day
of the murder in order to distract the at
tention of the police while Bresci attacked
the King.
of Bresci in the Assassination
of King Humbert.
Admits That He Was an Accomplice
ANAECHIBT GIAUOTTI
ACKNOWLEDGES HIS QUILT
Interests of the Eival Roads Are Con
solidated to Conduct Work
of Extension.
LEWISTON. Idaho. Aug. 9.— President j
M c 11t of the Northern Pacific and party '
arrived to-day on a special train and
Epeat two hours in this- city. The party
inrlndr « Marvin Huphitt. president of the
Chicaro and Northwestern, and four St.
Pau! pupsts. Meilpn is en route to the Pa
cific CoaFt. While iicre he gave out a
Etfttemeat that the interested roads had
<Vfinit<-!y decided on building the Lewi's
ton-Rlparia iine. an extension of the
Olearwater lino from Stites to Grange
vine, an extension of the Lapwai branch
from Cul de Sac to Keuterville, Idaho
County* and a.i extension of a branch line
into the Clearwatpr white pine belt. Con
struction on none, he saia. however, would
be commenced this year. His statement
regarding the joint action of the roads
in the plan outlined k the first assurance
piven out by the Northern Pacific that
J he Clearwater fight Is no longer a reality
and that the interests of the rival roads
are now one.
TJOETHEKN PACIFIC ENDS
FIGHT WITH CLEARWATEH
After much congratulation of Cham
pion Bell. MiS3 May Sutton played her
cup match against her sister. Miss Flor
ence. The latter has been playing a vast
ly improved game during the month and
she gave the youngest member of the
Sutton family a great fright by the man
ner in which she started out. Scores:
Championship round, men's singles — Bell beat
Hunt, 6-2, 6-1, 6-0. Championship round, la
dies' singles— Miss May Sutton beat Miss Flor
ence Sutton. 6-3. 6-3. Finals, ladies' singles-
Miss Florence Sutton beat Misa Violet Sutton,
8-6. 6-L
All comers' doubles, preliminary round — Bell
and Braly beat Huse and Bacon, 6-3. 6-2. First
round— Way and Overton beat Mclntyre and
Kuhl, 6-0, 6-1; Carter and Hoy beat Clapp
Brothers, 6-4, 6-4; Slnsabaugh, and Hendrick
beat McGavln and Variel, 8-3, 4-2. Semi-flnala
— Slnsabangh and Hendrick beat Carter Se. Hoy.
5-7, 6-2, 6-3. Mixed doubles— Way and Misa
May Sutton beat Braly and Miss Ethel Sut
ton, 6-2, 6-1. i - — -
Consolation singles, preliminary round— Ba- •
con beat Lane, 6-2, 6-1; Bernstein beat Kuhl.
7-5, 6-4; McGavln _beat Mclntyre by default;
Carter beat "Wayne, 6-4, 6-4. First round—Car
ter beat Britton by default; Overton beat Ba
con, 4-6, 6-0, 6-1. .
SANTA MONICA. Aug. 9.-There will
be no new tennis champion of Southern
California this year, for Alfonso Bell and
Miss May Sutton defended the"ir titles suc
cessfully yesterday, and the budding
hopes of the northern contingent . were
nipped. After Reuben Hunt made such a
determined fight against Hendricks Wed
nesday grave fears existed in the minds
of. tennis enthusiasts that he would do the
same thins with Bell and the laurel
wreath of 1901 would be worn by. a north
ern player*. But all fears were dispelled
before the contest for the cup was ten
minutes old, for the Boyle Heights Ten
nis Club representative outclassed Hunt
at every point of the game. The cham
pion walked away from his opponent S3
easily that }f robbed the match of much
interest.
Play Fine Tennis.
Miss May Sutton and Alfonso Bell
CHAMPIONS DEFEND TITLES.
This is a summary of a session of the
City Council sitting as a board of equali
zation that lasted from 3 o'clock in the
afternoon until nearly midnight. The af
ternoon session was devoted largely to the
reduction of the assessment of the Contra
Costa Water Company franchises, and the
evening was devoted to citing Mr. Kahn
to appear and show cause why he should
not have his assessment doubled for hav
ing made some editorial remarks that the
Council did not like and the. lobby did.
Ruch made his appearance at the
meeting of the equalizers and the
valuation of the franchises of the Con
tra Costa "Water Company -were re
duced from $1,000,000 to $3000 by the
votes of Bishop, Bon, Boyer, Court
ney, , Ruch, Wixson and President
Schaffer, against the lone vote of Coun
cilman George Fitzgerald. Councilmen
Dornin. Wallace and Cuvelller were ab
sent, the reduction being made at a meet
ing held in the afternoon when these
¦three could not be present. An effort was
made to raise the property assessments
at an adjourned meeting held this even
ing, but this matter finally went over un
til to-morrow evening. Frederick Kahri,
the man who spoke his mind so. freely
last evening, was cit^d to appear before
the board on Monday evening and the
proposition is to . give Mr. Kahn a little
lesson upon how to treat Oakland Coun
cilmen with proper respect and deference.
Attack of Cold Feet and Valua
tion Is Reduced. 0
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— Councilman J.
S. Wixson of the Second Ward
recovered from his attack of cold
feet to-day, Councilman Andrew
Councilman Wixson Eecovers From
NEARLY A MILLION CUT
OFF THE ASSESSMENT
Boston 6 . 11 1
Baltimore 2 4 1
Batteries — Mitchell and Criger; McGinnity
and Bresnahan.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 9.— Cleveland bunched
four hits, and, aided by a base on. balls and
a sacrifice, scored four runs in the second in
ning. Moore was in fine form. Attendance,
16C0. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E\
Cleveland 8 13 3
Milwaukee .' ;.. 3 5 0
Batteries — Moore and Wood ; Hawley and
Maloney.
DETROIT, Augr. 9.— The home team this aft
ernoon won the last game of the season with
Chicago, and as a result the two teams break
even on. the season's play. * Attendance, 2S00.
Score "
Clubs— , ' R, H. E.
Chicago ..,; l -7 6
Detroit 12 13 .0
Batteries — Patterson and Sullivan; Miller'and
Buelow. ¦ .
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.-Phlladelphla to-day
won both games of the first double-header play
ed In Washington this season by superior stick
work. The home -team was unable to hit op
portunely. Davis dropped a homer over the
center field fence in the first, making the long
est hit ever made on American League Park.
In the second game Washington was never
within hailing: distance of victory. Attendance
3100. Score, first same:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Washington 4 8 ' »
Philadelphia 5 12 3
Batteries— Carrick and Grady; Bernard and
Powers. -ii • -
Score, second same:
Clubs- R. ' H.' : E.
Washington ........I 4 9 l
Philadelphia .....9 16 1
' Batteries— Patten and Grady; Burke and
Powers.
Boston 0 14 5
Baltimore 11 14 2
Batteries — Winters and Schreck; Nops and
Bresnahan.
Score, second game: •
Clubs— R. H. E.
Players of the Former Team Make
Twenty-Five Clean Base Hits
in Two Games.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, Aug. 9.— Boston and • Baltimore
broke even to-day.' The first game was a slug
ging match in which Baltimore excelled. Bos
ton won the second game by good hitting in
the first and fourth innings. Attendance, 6800.
Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E."
EOSTON AND BALTIMORE :
DOING HEAVY STICK WORK
All the best runners left in the 'State
are quartered at Santa Rosa,, and so far
as racing material' is concerned there is
nothing lacking to make the meet a suc
cess. Of the harness division the pacers
outnumber the trotters,, especially green
pacers, of which there are a large'num
ber at present in 'this State. The most in
terest is centered in the free for all trot,
scheduled for Friday. Iora,- Monterey,
Anzellan and Alta Velox, four of the most
evenly matched trotters in the State, are
engaged and a great race should result.
There will -be three or more running races
and two trotting or pacing races each day
of the meeting. . -
A special train containing nearly fifty
horses left Emeryville track yesterday for
Santa Rosa to participate in the mixed
race meeting for trotters, pacers and run
ners which /opens Monday." This is the
first time that the xunners have been
given an opportunity ¦ to contest over the
track controlled -by the Santa Rosa Rac
ing Association. In previous years only
the trotters and pacers have been allowed
to kick up the dust of the Sonoma County
track, and, in fact, the entire northern
part of the State put a boycott on the
runners. This year at Yreka a few run
ning races were placed on the programme
and they met with such favor by the pub
lic that P. H. Quinn, president of the
Santa Rosa Racing Association, who hap
pened to attend the Yreka meeting, deter
mined to try the experiment in his town.
The result is looked forward to by horse
men from all parts of the State.
Saturday, August 17, 2:30 pace— J. A. Laffer
ty's br. h. Advertiser, C. Whltehead's ch. g.
Toppy. Ho Yow's b. m. China Maid. R. P. M.
Greeley's b. m. Winnie "Wilkes, T. C. Cabney's
b. b- Al Sandy, Thomas Clancy's' blk. s. Di
rect C.
' Friday, August 16, free-for-all trot— P. J. 'Wil
liam's ch. s. Monterey, J. Mulholland's br. s.
Osito, R.~ Noble's b. m. Iora, George A. Kelly's
b. m. Anzella. . . -
Wednesday, August 14. 2:12 class pace^ — C. XV.
Farrar's ch. g. El Diablo, J. Mulholland's b.
m. Edna R, C. W. Main's b. m. Queen R,
Thomas Clancy's blk. h. Freddie C.
Tuesday, August 13. 2:16 trot — J. G. Culcello's
b. g. Puerto Rico, R. Freeman's b. g. Prince
L, Albert Joseph's ch. m. Floradora, Vendome
stock farm's ch. g. Thomas R, G. W. King
burg's ch. g. Lynall, S. A. Hooper's b. s. Alta
Vela, G. P. McNeil's rn. g. Dan W.
Monday, August 12, 2:24 class pace — G. 'White
head" s ch. gr.- Toppy, Albert Joseph's, br. g.
Durfee Me, Vendome stock farm's ch. m. Our
Boy'a Sister, Santa Rosa stock farm's b. c. B.
S. Dillon. R. P. M. Greeley's b. m. Winnie
Wilkes. T. C. Cabney's b. g. Al Sandy, Thomas
Clancy's blk. h. Direct C.
Some fast pacers will be seen here. El
Diablo, Queen R, Freddie C and Edna R
are among these. Special races have been
arranged for horses owned in Sonoma and
adjoining counties. A number of running
races have also been prepared, and in all
lovers of racing will have an. enjoyable
week. Following is the list of entries for
harness horses, but other races . -will be
arranged later:
The event of the week will be ; the free
for all trotting race. Monterey, 2:09^4, the
chestnut son of Sidney, winner of the
Western stallion stake last fall, and third
in the great stallion stake at New York
in 1899, will be pitted against Osita, the
horse that gave him a hard rub at Tan
foran last fall. In this race will also be
two famous mares, Iora and Anzella.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 9.— The first annual
race meet under the auspices of the Santa
Rosa Racing Association, to be held here
next week, will he one of the best held in
this vicinity.in years. Some of the most
noted horses in America will race then.
Among them are' Heehamus, a frequent
winner at Xew York last summer and this
season first in a number of races at Oak
land; Good Hope, a mare that has failed
but once in her last twenty-five starts to
take a purse; Byron Rose; Mike Rice;
Catherine Bravo; Corncalte; Twinkle, and
others equally as well known.
Track.
Well-Known Horses to Be Seen on the
SANTA ROSA'S MEETING.
Equity and law are superior to the personal
welfare of an individual or of the aggrega
tions of individuals, and equity and law de
mand that the personal freedom of the citi
zen, whoever he is, be made sacred and
Eecure. So long as this freedom is respected
the questions evoked in the present strike may
be left, in my opinion, to the men, employers
or employes, who are directly concerned In It
although meanwhile all citizens have many
reasons to hope and pray that brotherly love
and calm counsel will prevail both among em
ployers and employes, and that peace will soon
reign in the land.
Neither State nor fellow citizen may interfere
with my personal liberty. This is the very core
of Americanism. This Is the teaching of na
tional and Christian ethics. It is not for me to
dispute the benefits that may be believed ' to
accrue to the workingman from labor unions
nor am I prepared to say from the informa
tion that comes to me through newspapers that
in the present strike unions pretend to shorten
personal freedom of men that do not join their
ranks. ,_ But this may be ever emphatically as
serted and maintained as an Inviolable prin
ciple that however much labor unions may have
reason to widen their muster rolls, ana "how
ever much tbey have the legal and moral right
to do this through pacific and persuasive
methods.^lhey must not attempt to wrest from
men outside their ranks the right to work or
to seek to coerce them into inactivity by illegal
or unjust attacks upon their civil and moral
freedom. . .
I am layinsr down general principles of
ethics— not deciding the merits of any particu
lar cp.se. But while the right to enter upon
a strike Is and must be conceded as a right
belonging to the personal freedom of working
men, this must ever be demanded— and In the
name of the same principle of personal free
dom under which men may refuse to work—
they who cease to work must In no way inter
fere with the liberty of others who may wish
to work. The personal freedom of the indiv
idual citizen is the most sacred and precious
inheritance of Americans. The constitution
and the laws authorize it: the spirit of the
country proclaims it; the prosperity of the
people, the very life of the nation, requires It.'
Whatever the other interests at stake, that
of personal freedom of the individual out
ranks them all. and this must be sustained
even ff those are to be sacrificed.
To employes entering willingly into a strike
the matter is one of their own personal con
cern, and others have but to concede to them
their personal right to act In such manner as
they will. Men are the masters of their hands
and of their labor; the liberty Is theirs to work
or not to work, provided they understand the
consequences that follow and are Satisfied to
accept and endure such consequences. Not only
indeed is this liberty at all times theirs, but
we must furthermore irrant that occasions may
arise aad do arise when a strike, however se
rious the consequences for the workman, is a
means, and at times, perhaps, the sole means
through which rights appertaining to them, and
which* are of vital importance to their ultimate
welfare, can be secured. When it is that un
der this aspect of things strikes may be" al
lowed, or even commended, is a question to be
determined by close examination of the circum
stances of each particular strike. •
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— This afternoon
Archbishop Ireland passed through New
York, returning home from the Catholic
Loyal Abstinence Convention at Hart
ford. Being asked to expresj an opinion
upon th%. present strike and strikes in
general, he said:
With Men Outside of Their Ranks.
Says Unions Should Not Interfere
IRELAND TALKS OE STRIKE
DENVER. Aug. -9.— A special to -the
News from Albuquerque, N. M., says: The
first trains on the Santa Fe Railroad since
Sunday night passed across the big wash
out near Lamy this afternoon. It was
necessary to build seven miles of track
and to bridge four canyons. Men were
brought all the way from Kansas City to
do this work. It will be weeks yet before
the damage can be entirely repaired. For
the past three days fifty teams have been
engaged in transferring mails and passen
gers. It Is still raining every day in Cen
tral New Mexico, and the agricultural and
stock prospects were never, better.'
TAMPA, Fla., Aug. 9.— The members *of
the Resistencia Cigarmakers' Union,
whose leaders have been deported by cit
izens, are circulating a petition directed
to the president of the Centro Espanol,
asking a special meeting of the centro to
take action demanding that the case JL>o
taken up at once by the Spanish Minister
at Washington. It is stated by citizens,
however, that all the deported strikers,
who are native Spaniards, are naturalized
citizens of the United States. The Centro
Espanol is an organization in the nature
of a club. Its membershlpMndudes about
all the Spanish people in the city.
¦. ?
Santa Fe Trains Again Running.
Secure the Return of the De
ported Strikers.
TAMPA CIGARMAKERS SEEK
" AID OF SPANISH MINISTER
Through His Influence They Hope to
First, a declaration for a graduated in
come tax; second, «#n unrelenting opposi
tion to the trysts; third, a declaration
against Imperialism and the colonial 'sys
tem. "It would be suicidal," said the Sen
ator, "to thrust the silver issue forward
again." -?: -
SWEET SPRINGS, Mb., Aug. 9.—Sen
ator George G. Vest, in an interview to
day, said that the principal planks of the
Democratic platform of 1904 should be:
Planks in Democracy's Platform.
VIENNA, Aug. 9. — In a pistol duel 'at
Pressburg, Hungary, Volunteer Corporal
Hastinger was mortally wounded by his
officer, Colonel Dillman. The latter had
boxed Hastinger's ears for impertinence.
for Having Boxed His Ears for
Being- Impertinent.
Latter Calls His Superior Officer Out
?
ARMY COLONEL WOUNDS
A CORPORAL IN A DUEL
Judge Good followed close upon the ani
mal's tracks. The beast's retreat was too
inaccessible for his pursuer to attempt
to reach and so the chase had to be aban
doned, much to the Judge's regret. A
mountain lion has not been seen so close
to civilization in this vicinity for several
years.
MONTEREY, Aug. 9.— Judge Jay Good
of El Paso, Tex., had a meeting with a
mountain lion yesterday while driving up
the Carmel Valley with Mayor R. F.
Johnson of thfs city. Seeing a fine big
puma in the woods near the roadside,
Judge Good coveted his pelt, and jumping
out of his buggy started toward the
beast. He had only his revolver and so
had to come to comparatively close quar
ters before firing, but after he had fired
two shots in quick succession the lion re
treated to a sort of cave.
rey, but Manages to Make Its
Escape.
Immense Puma Prowls Near Monte-
TEXAS JUDGE TRIES
TO CAPTURE A LION
Other Countries.
WASHINGTON, Ai% 9.— The Interior
Department has received a resolution
passed by the Hawaiian Legislature,
praying that Congress impose a duty on
all coffee imported from -other countries,
"and in this way protect that industry
in Hawaii and other parts of the United
States."
The resolution wilLbe forwarded to Con
gress at the opening of the next session.
It says the coffee industry In Hawaii is
now in a depressed condition and is
threatened to be abandoned on account
of low prices and the removal of the pro
tective duties on all. coffee imported into
the republic of Hawaii before the annexa
tion and the large amounts imported, into
the United States from Brazil, Mexico,
Central America and other countries free
of duty. The resolution refers to the
large coffee area, the great amount of
American capital invested there, and in
ability to compete with the low prices
where cheap labor is employed, as in the
countries mentioned.
•
CANTON, Ohio. Aug. 9.— Arrangements
were made to-day for "President's day"
at the Pan-American Exposition. Presi
dent J. G. Milburn and Director General
Buchanan of the exposition, Mayor Dlehl
of Buffalo and John I. Scathern came
here for the purpose. They spent most
of the afternon at the McKinley home.
Besides selecting the date, September 3,
it was arranged that the President should
leave here Wednesday morning, Septem
ber 4, and reach Buffalo the same even
ing. The programme is to be worked out
in detail later, but opportunity will be
provided the President to see the exposi
tion complete and to the best advantage
both day and night.
Thursday will be largely given over to
the special programme for "President's
day. Friday the party will spend at
Niagara Falls. Part of Saturday wjil
probably be spent at the exposition, and
they will leave for Cleveland Saturday
afternoon or evening and remain in that
city for the Grand Army Encampment
the week of September 9. The trip will
be made by special train.
PLANTERS OF HAWAII
ASK CONGRESSIONAL AID
Request That a Duty Be Imposed .on
All Coffee Imported From
position Visits the McKinley
Home at Canton.
MAZIKG ABBAKGEMENTS
FOR PRESIDENT'S DAY
Committee From Pan-American Ex-
Constable Moller is inclined to believe
the story, because there is no evidence
that the men had quarreled, nor is there
other apparent, motive for murder. The
men were boon companions during their
drinking bout. The suicide story Is fur
ther borne out by the fact that Dorler
had once before attempted to end his life
when he was residing in San Francisco.
He had difficulty with -his wife, from
whom he was. separated, his troubles
leading him -to try suicide. Dorler for
merly had a shoe business on Sixth
street, San Francisco. He was about 50
years of age. .Holmes is single and- about
Dorler's age. He was working as a jour
neyman, having gone to Point Richmond
from Crockett. .
"Dorler and myself had been drinking
hard, and this afternoon he made the
proposition that we should both commit
suicide. I was ready, and leaving Dorler
at his shop, went to the drug store and
bought the poison. Going back to the
shop a laid the vial down and dozed off
to sleep. When I awoke I saw that Dor
ler had taken the poison, emptying the
bottie. I ran out for a doctor. That's all
I know about the affair." . .
Constable Moller took charge of Holmes.
To that ; officer the arrested carpenter told
the ¦ following story: •'
Dorler and. Holmes had been .drinking
for a week and were on- the verge of de
lirium tremens when the strange occur
rence took place at the shoemaker's shop
that led to the interference of the au
thorities. / A short time before Dorler
was found in a dying condition, Holmes
went to a drug store ahd -purchased a
half ounce vial of liquid extract of bella
donna. He returned to the shop, and, he
says, went to . sleep, leaving the poison
wher© Dorler could get hold of it. When
the carpenter awoke from his drunken
slumber he saw the empty vial and then
called Dr. Warley, who at once discov
ered that Dorler was in a serious condi
tion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.1118 Broadway,' Aug. 9.
f With Antonio Dorler, a shoemaker, dy
ing from .belladonna poisoning, and. Wil
liam Holmes, a carpenter, in custody,
pending investigation, the authorities at
Point Richmond have a peculiar case in
hand, into which they are, probing to de
termine whether Holmes is responsible
criminally for his companion's condition/
The raisins were formerly the property
of. the California Kaisin Growers' Asso
ciation, which sold them to the Pacific
Coast Company. Since the first raid the
growers' association has -favored the
niiders, and to-day it lent its? official sanc
tion to their work. John W. McLaughlin
chief inspector of the' association, went to
Madera this morning and demanded of
the packing-house people the keys of
their establishment. This was refxised.
About G o'clock to-night the Pacific
Coast people left town with a special
train of twelve cars, making no attempt
to. conceal the object of their trip. The
expedition was headed by Thomas Lynch,
Adam Mowat. C. H. Detoy and other offi
cials of the "big five" combine, but was
supposed to be under direct control of the
growers' association. Some opposition
had been expected at Madera, but none
was met with and the raisin-seekers got
into the house with little difficulty. In
spector McLaughlin took possession in
the name of the growers' association.
News of the raid spread over town in a
short time, and nearly every man in Ma
dera is said to have been at the packing
house. About 10 o'clock Sheriff Thurman
appeared and arrested about twenty
members of the party for burglary. They
were placed under bonds, which all fur
nished. They then returned and the work
of loading the raisins was continued. All
the goods in dispute were secured. At
midnight to-night the train had not re
turned from Madera. During- the trouble
with the Sheriff the train' is said to have
run out to Berenda for a few minutes.
FRESNO, Aug. 9.— The officials of the
Pacific Coast Seeded Raisin Company made
another raid to-day and captured 350 tans
of raisins stored in A. L. Sayres' packing
house at Madera. This is the third raid
within a week, the first one having been
on a house at Selma and the second in
Fresno.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
An interesting detail is the fact that
the enemy's cruiser spies secured a mass
of information regarding the —defense
movements by picking up the home squad
ron's wireless messages.
The paper "also says the chief lesson
learned was the imperative need of swift
criosers and there was a glaring deficiency
la the home squadron in that respect. It
points out that the defense squadron's
maneuvers were practically the samejthat
v-'ould have been called on to guard* the
channel in case of actual hostilities. The
attacking fleet was inferior numerically
but superior in mobility. It held the
channel commerce at its mercy from the
declaration of hostilities and whipped the
dclenders by sections through the pos
session of swift cruisers and destroyers
vlilch sailed around the home squadron.
The Critic urgently appeals to the Ad
miralty to double the strength of the
cruiser squadron and-to increase the speed
of the new battleships to the utmost limit
of gun end armor efficiency. •
LONDON, Aug. 9.— The Lookout, com
menting to-day oh the naval maneuvers,
says: . "Undoubtedly the Admiralty's rea
son for winding up the campaign in a
v/cek instead of ten days was because of
the shfficiency of unpalatable truths
forced home. They did not care for
further demonstrations in the same line.'
This action was. agreeable to the officers
of the Salvador Commercial Company,
who at once prepared to make the trip
south with their documents and their de
mands, the latter reaching half a million
dollars. It is . stipulated that the settle
ment must be made by September 15. The
party expect to arrive at the city of San
Salvador on August 25, and they believe
the negotiations can be concluded before
the expiration of the time designated.
But the American shareholders did not
pocket their losses and say nothing. As
soon as they realized what had occurred
no time was lost In bringing the matter to
the attention of the Secretary of State
at Washington. The diplomatic depart
ment investigated the case and decided
that it was a proper one for interference
by the United States Government. After
a hearing, decision was given that it was
proper that the Government of Salvador
should pay damages to the mulcted
American investors. The representative at
Washington of .the Central American
state intervened with a request. that be
fore peremptory demands had been made
opportunity should be afforded his Gov
ernment to make a settlement out of
court. .
The Salvador Commercial Company Is
the principal stockholder in a grant made
in lS94by the Salvadorian Government to
a corporation for the development of the
port of El Triunfo, on the bay of Jlqui
lisco. Four years later the Government
in its peculiar Central American way is
sued decrees which practically nullified
the grant, destroyed the value of the fran
chises, and left the American stockholders
in the air, clinging to their stock certi
ficates in desperation.
To conclude a settlement with the Gov
ernment of Salvador over "'a claim of
$500,000, A. W. Burrell, president of the
Salvador Commercial Company, John H.
Ellis, treasurer, and William Lair Hill,
the company attorney, departed to-day for
the Central American republic.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 9. .
"General Butler argued this very thing
here." said Senator Tillman, "and you
know how it was answered hi 1894. I
never touched a dollar and \every one
knows it, and the people showed it by
electing me time and again, j The talk
about my being rich Is all ret, as the
records of my county and the Carolina
National Bank will show."
During the five years that the mill op
erators were making- 25 to 50 per cent
profit they did not raise salaries or re
duce the hours of their operatives, he
said, and he did not see why the opera
tives should now join the Republican
party through "commercial democracy"
simply because their employers were not
now making 100 per cent on their invest
ments. He said* he did not care to take
up the latest of McLaurin's pronounce
ments or even dignify them -with an an
swer. However, they would be taken up
at one point. McLaurin had insinuated
that Tillman took rebates on whisky.
Senator Tillman failed to see any reason
or excuse for the millmen following com
mercial democracy. He feared the trouble
was "due to the fact that they had been,
associating with northern bankers." The
native mill operatives, he said, would not
be coerced or seduced into a commercial
democracy.
The report is going- th« rounds that the
mills are behind this new doctrine. I do not
believe any such report. I deny that the mills
and their owners want to xturn the State over
to the Republicans. I give them credit for
more catriotlsm and more sense. These mill
people know better and that they would run
into a stone, and that these people are not for
sale. I want to give a warning to those who
have been misled. Thera are some of these
weak creatures around, but I feel that all are
not so foolish. In 1900 we had 400,000 sptndles.
and now there are about 2,COO,C0O spindles. The
boom began when Cleveland was in the Whit©
House. Cleveland did nothing to help mills,
nor did McKlnley help them. They were
built simply because they were found profit
able here; because of the nearness to the Held
and the climate. Our goods entered China on
a competitive basis pure and simple. The
cry that if we don't Join the Republican party
we will so backwards Is a humbug and a He.
It Is common sense that It we have the goods
and the prices we will sell the goods.
UNION, S. C, Aug. 9.-Senator B. R.
Tillman was the last speaker at a bis
meeting here to-day. He discussed the
"commercial democracy," advocated by
Senator McLaurin without personal, bit
terness or abuse, and said in part:
GREENVILLE, S. C.. Aug. 9.-Senator
McLaurin to-day addressed 2000 people at
Oakway, near Westminster. He empha
sized his position on Vnational issue3,
touched the Paris treaty and expansion
and advocated the building of a mer
chant marine, which shall fly the stars
and stripes. Many of the issues discussed
to-day had not been presented to the peo
ple in this vicinity since the days preced
ing the attack on Fort Sumter. The prin
cipal part of Senator McLaurin's audience
was. made up of fajmers and they ap
plauded liberally.
Yesterday he was missed. by the party
and inquiry was made for him by some
of the, members over the telephone, they
thinking possibly he had for some reason
returned home. There have been reports
that the deceased committed suicide, but
those. who know him best scout the idea.
It appears more likely that he met with
foul play. It is understood that only a
few dollars were found upon his person,
and it is possible that a crime was com
mitted to obtain his money.
j About 2 o'clock this morning Rudolph
Filchtenberg was awakened by loud talk
ins near his house, but thought little of
-it at the time. This morning Spitito Bec
cuti and William Burns, both employed at
the Filchtenberg's, observed a man crawl
ing around on fthe embankment of the
road back of the house. He was mumbling
• and talking to himself. They paid no
further attention . to him until •'¦ several
women who were out for a stroll reported
that they had seen a man's dead body
back of the house. "
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 9.— This com
munity received a shock to-day in the re
port coming from San Rafael that John
Henry Off ermann had been found dead at
the latter place. The young man was the
stepson of J. H. Off.ermn.nn, a prominent
merchant of this, place, and aged about 25
years. He left here Monday lasb^on a
hunting trip to Mendocino County in com
pany with Supervisor P. ¦ H. McEvoy,
Frank Roach.-West Bartley, William Ma
loney, Thomas Harrington, Dr. Moss and
Frank Towne. At the time he had over
! ?100 in cash with him.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 9.— The body of a
man, whose name ' from v papers ' iri- his
pockets was ascertained to bg J. H.Of
fermann, was found this morning at the
mouth of "the large canyon back of • the
J Hotel Rafael. There, were a number of
kcuts and bruises on the head and face
Bind much of a general character _£d cause
j a suspicion that murder had been, com
j mitted. The man had but a few dollars
i in his pocket. In the afternoon an autopsy
j was held and it was discovered that death
was chiefly due to alcoholism.' The man
i ner in which Oft'ermann sustained so many
! injuries,- however, has not yet bee,n ex
plained. ¦ ••¦ - . : .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
According to a dispstch to the Daily
Mall from Lourenzo Maraues. the Boers
are reported to have eaptur«d and shot
in cold Mood a lieutenant and a trooper
of Steinacker's horse in revenge for their
bfirc instrumental in shooting a Boer
despatch rider.
The Times, which fully approves the
proclamation, says: "The Boers may un
r.crsland that it is the first turn of a
new «crew. which is capable of putting
r>n far more severe pressure."
It appears certain that the proclamation
was wholly inspired by the Government
of Natal. Chamberlain is on ore side
praised as a strong statesman, ana on the
other hand despised as a weakling for ac
centing Natal's advice. Generally, the
proclamation is approved as a common
sense, justifiable measure, but no great
l^pes are raised by it. The Standard
fears that it is too conciliatory, and that
more severe measures will be necessary-
The Daily Chronicle, referring: to a sig
nificant statement in the House of Coru
ro^rs yesterday by Lord Stanley, flnan
«ia! secretary to the War Office, that
"there is nothing to justify the supposi
tion that further fresh mobile forces will
be r.^cessary." says it hopes the Govern
ment •« not falling into their old optimis
tic illusions.
The Daily News says that "This empty
thunderbolt by tired and despairing Jove
will have no effect," and it reminds the
Government while they may banish the
Boers from British South Africa they
cannot banish them from German South
Africa.
Rudyard Kipling's "Killing Kruger with
your mouth" is quoted against the Gov
ernment by the pro-Boer press to-day as
a description of the latest proclamation
by Kitchener. .
Hh War Office has received no advices
piving color to the rumor circulated by a
news agency that Lord Kitchener has
been wounded in a skirmish with the
Boers. The rumor Is officially discredited.
Lord Kitchener's official dispatch reached
the War Office this afternoon and con
tained no reference to any accident to
him.
The preliminary correspondence shows
that the proclamation is based upon sv£
pestions which the Government of Natal/
forwarded to Colonial Secretary Cham
berlain July 24, and that the date Septem
ber 15 was recommended by Lord Milner.
"All commandants, field cornets- and
leaders of armed bands, being burghers of
the late republics and still engaged in re
sisting his Majesty's forces, whether in
Orange Colony, the Transvaal or other
portion of his Majesty's South African
«lominions, and all members of the late
jroverr.ments of the Orange Free State
and Transvaal shall, unless they surren
der before September 15, be permanently
banished from South Africa. The cost of
maintenance of the families of all burgh
ers in the field who have not surrendered
by September IS shall be recoverable from
such burghers and shall be a charge upon
iheir property, removable and immovable,
in the two colonies."'
LONDON. Aug. 10.— A' parliamentary
paper ha* been issued ; *containinK the
proclamation issued by Lord Kitchener
August 7 in accordance with^ instructions
from the imperial Government, the Gov
ernments of Cape Colony and Natal con
curring. The proclamation says:
Appeal Made to the Admiralty
to Increase Strength of
the Squadron.
Sheriff Arrests Twenty Mem
bers of Large Fresno
Party.
Antonio Dorler Is Dying
From Poison Bought
by a Friend.
"Pitchfork" Denies That Mill
Owners Want to Turn State
Over to Republicana
Belief That He May Have
Been the Victim of
Robbers. '
Hold Approved Demands for
Damages Against -
Salvador.
Burghers to Suffer Expulsion
if They Fail to Quit
the Field.
Oaklanders Depart on a
Quest for a Great
j Gold Pile.
Body of a Redwood City
Man Found- at San
Rafael.
the Recent Naval
Maneuvers.
* »
English Press Criticizes
McLaurin and Tillman
Talk on National
Issues.
Strange Case Is Being
- Investigated at
Richmond.
Tons Are Taken in
Madera.
Three Hundred and Fifty-
HALF A MILLION
IN THE STAKE
DOUBT WHETHER
MURDER OR NOT
RAIDERS SEIZE
MORE RAISINS
DEATH VEILED
B Y A MYSTERY
SOUTH CAROLINA
SENATORS SPEAK
ENGLAND NEEDS
SWIFT CRUISERS
Lord Kitchener Demands
the Boer Forces to
Surrender.
MAKES THREATS
OF BANISHMENT
THE SAK FBAlSfClSCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1901,
i BERL.I2J,, Aug. 9.— The Reichzanzeiger
announces : that the Prussian Government
has sanctioned the loan of 40,000,000 marks
to be negotiated by the province of Posea.
Prussian Government Sanctions Loan
ST. PETERSBURG, -Aug. 9.— Prince
Peter of Oldenbourg.was to-day, married
to Grand .Duchess ' Olga ,'. : Alexandfovna,'
youngest Bister -of . Emperor. Nicholas,"; in
the presence < of his' majesty, -the Empress,
the . Dowager ¦ Empress, - the .Queen of
Greece and. Prince and. Princess Walde
mar of Denmark. " Some of , the : festivities
were / abandoned ¦ in " consequence of - • the
death"; of : Dowager -Empress ; Frederick." -
Prince Peter Marries Grand Duchess.
. STOCKTON, Aug. 9.— In a letter 'ex-
Congressman, Marlon de.Vries' writes that
he has just returned to Glenwood Springs.
Colo., from the Rocky Mountains and
that his,health is entirely recovered: -He
was accompanied .by.\ his "wife,'' and -he
stated further that -he , would, return' to
New- York < about -August-. 20, stopping "at
Seabright until cooler. ; weather- sets in.
He expects, to go to his office' daily from
Seabright, and. will take up his official
duties on the date mentioned. V' : ':~ : -¦¦¦';
Former Congressman Is' Recovering.
9
"I am doing aW I ran to help the world
out of coffee slavery to Postum freedom,
and have earned the gratitude of many,
many friends." Myra J. Tuller, 1023 Troost
avenue. Kansas City. Mo.
"After breakfast I told her that the cof-
fc-e the liked *so well at breakfast was
;>ure Postum Food Coffee, and the reason
she Jiked It was because it was properly
made— that is, it was boiled long enough
to bring out the flavor. I have been
1-rouglH up from a nervous, wretched In-
valid to a fine condition of physical health
by U-aving off coffee and using Postum
I'ood CoTfoc.
"Pefore the meal was half over each
<"ni? passed up the cup to be refillel. re-
Eariinx how tfn» the coffee was. The
iTi.>t)-,«r asked 'or a third cup ai«1 in-
r'-'irc d as to the brand of coffee I used. I
onln't answer her question Just then, for
I had heard her say a while beiore that
lAe didn't Hke Postum Food .Coffee un-
Jf-s li was more than half old-fashioned
coffee.
n? down occasionally
They are always complaining and tak-
ing medicine. I determined to give them
Postum Food Coffee instead of coffee
when they visited me, so without saying
arything to them about it I made a big
pot cl Poslum the first morning, using
four heaping teaspoons to the pint of
w.iUr srd let it boil twenty miuutes, stir-
Well Made.
"Three great coffee drinkers were my
o'.d school friend and her two daughters.'
The Kind of Coffee When Postum Is
SURE TO ASK
POSTTJM CEREAL.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a^soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell It, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it. .the san francisco: gall, Saturday, august 10,1901.
10
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185
J, I". ........ HOTEL DEPARTMENT . . .........
2 waitresses, Los Angeles Co.,, free farer...$25
2 waitresses, Marysvllle, fare paid $23
¦ 2 waitresses,. Sacramento ..........$25
2 waitresses, Alameda.............. .."..$20
Chambermaid : and .waltresa, German, springs
;...;...\.... $20
About 25 other: places for waitresses.. $20-$23
Waitress. State of Nevada, fare paid $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..:..
3 German^nurseglrls $20-$25
/ 5 second girls ..........$20
.60 housegirls, city and country.... :..... $10-$25
Fares paid to country places; call and select.
Housegirl, Nevada, fare pald...t.. ...... ....$25
C. R. HANSEN '& CO..:. ¦ .104 Geary st
A PANTRYWOMAN for fruit and cake, etc.
first-class country hotel, $25, fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A WOMAN with- a child as working house-
. ¦ keeper, $15. . .
'. C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A HOTEL . housekeeper, not over 40 years.
C. R.' HANSEN & CO. ...... ...104 Geary Bt.
MRS." M. E. DAY & -CO... ..Phone Main 1575
1 .....HOTEL DEPARTMENT......
2 more waitresses, Coronado, $25, half fare
. paid; ' waitresses . for Sacramento, Fresno,
Marysvllle, Palo Alto. Martinez, Salt Lake,
.Sonoma and city, $20 and $25; 5 chambermaids
to wait, city and country, $20 and $25; cook,
boarding-house in mining town, $35, fare paid.
....FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working housekeeper, 2 in family, $20; house
girl, amall American family, $25, country,
see lady 10:30; German cook, $30: second girl,
$20, same family; many very choice places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Good cook, no washing, Menlo*
Park, $35; laundress. 2 In family, $30; 4 cooks,"
German style, $30, $35; 10 waitresses for city
and country hotels, $20, $25; 4 restaurant wait-
resses, $S week; 4 second girls, $20, $25; house-
keeper, $15; 10 girls for housework, Oakland,
$25, $30; 50 girls for all kinds of housework,
city and - country. $20, $25, $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT, & CO., 316 Sutter-st.
LADIES wishing to employ respectable help
please call or address. . All mail orders
promptly attended to. . Respectable women
. and young girls can secure good positions by
calling. Wanted, by a lady, position as house-
keeper, best references; girl for show, willing
to travel. Apply HARBRIDGE & CO., 323
Kearny. St.. room 4. £ ' - - • ¦
WANTED — A neat obliging girl for general
housework, family of 3, at San Mateo; small
cottage • In town. Apply between 8:30 and
,9:30 this morning at room '44, Lenox Hotel,
628 Sutter st. ; wages $15.
WANTED^- Women and girls to work .on
peaches and pears; eteady employment; high-
est wages paid. Apply AMERICAN FRUIT
PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., off Folsom St.,
between Seventh and Eighth. ¦'_ •
—_—_—_ ', ' ~"
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
piece and day work: steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts. - -
CODE-PPRTWOOD CANNING CO..
EXPERIENCED cannera for fruit: steady
work: highest wages. Apply California Can.
neries Co., 425 Brannan st.
.1
WANTED " immediately, women and rirls to
work on fruit: steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., • 425 Bran-
nan ¦ 8t. k '
GIRLS wanted* to work at street fairs and
fiestas. , Call at SHREVE & BARBER CO.,
Dll Kearny st, from 9 to 4 o'clock.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
VEST finisher. Apply factory of S. N. WOOD
& CO., 27 Geary st.
COUNTER girl for restaurant; wages J4. Box
4C41, Call office.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; email
family. 1C36 Ellis et. '
WANTED— A flnt-class dinner waitress at 304
Mason st: wages $3 50 a week.
WANTED — A flrst-class waitress at 304 Mason
st. ; wases $8 a week.
WAXTED— Experienced waitresses: '.call at
once: no fee. 127 Mason st.
WANTED-A nurse girl; wages J6. 2707 Twen-
ty-first st. '
A PLEASANT German nurse girl for 2-year-
old boy. 1303 Franklin st.
GOOD trimmer for millinery; high salary;
steady position. 130 Sixth st.
WAITRESS wanted; no Sunday work. 618
Sixth st . \
COMPETENT waitress wanted." 612 Kearny i
¦ etreet. • - - ¦
WANTED— A girl for general housework and |
/ cooking at 1323 Stockton St.. near Broadway. |
HAIRDRESSINQ. manicuring and facial mas- i
•sage taught In 2 weeks; $5; positions guaran-
teed. Hairdressing College. 233 Geary, rm.,85. |
WANTED— A. German girl to do cooking;;
wages $30. Apply 1910 "Washington "st. be-
tween 2 and 3 o'clock.
COMPETENT girl, general housework; steady
place; wages $15 to $18. 3221 Brlggs ave., Ala-
meda, near HIgh-st. station, narrow gauge.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman an working
housekeeper: light work. Address box 4652
Call office.
WANTED— Seamstress to sew on curtain work
at C. HAQNERT'S, 40 Ellis st.. fourth floor.
GIRLS wanted— Experienced in book blndery
work. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
APPRENTICE girls for finishing waists; pay.
San Francisco Co. Mfg. Co.. 523 Market st.
SALESLADY wanted for bakery; must wall* on
table. 1410 Polk at. near Pine.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and downstairs
work; good wages. Call at 3C01 Clay st. y - .
WANTED — A lady to do light housework; good
home; call after 2 p. m. 116 Taylor st.
WANTED— A girl ! for general housework and
cooking. 1612 Scott st
WANTED— Middle-aged Swedish woman as
working housekeeper. Apply 622 Natoma si.
WANTED— Reliable, earnest woman as com-
mercial traveler. Box 4646, Call office.'
, CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia »t. • . .. ;
HELP WANTED — MALE. ,
AT C. R. HANS"EN & CO.'S..... :104 Geary st.
Railroad Work :
Railroad Work
• ...Wantedi-50O men for new railroad work...
Teamsters, laborers, section hands, tunnel-
mea and blacksmlths.i....
Ukiah
Nevada
I Truckee
Chatsworth Park
Wages $2 to $3 a Day
Free Fare... Ship Dally.... Free Fare
2 firemen, country, ¦ $30 and found; blacksmith
for railroad camp, $2 75 a day; 4 blacksmiths
for country shops, $2 50. to $3 a day; 6 farmers,
, Monterey County, $1^5 a day; 2 farmers, near
city, $125 a day: gang edgerman, r sawmill,
$50: 6 lumber pliers, $35; 20 laborers for saw-
mill and woods, $26 to $30 and fare advanced;
! 20 laborers for gold and copper mines, $60 a
month; 10 muckers, same place, $75 a month;
100 laborers for ditch work, " large company,
t $2 25 a day: 100 laborers i and teamsters for
Great Northern Railway, $2 , a day, board
$4 50 a week; man and wife for dairy, $60....
HOTEL DEPARTMENT /
Broilers, fryers and second cooks, $40 to $60:
20, dishwashers and kitchen hands, $30 and
$25; 6 waiters, country hotel, $25; 2 bellboys,
city, $15 to $25; 2 extra waiters, country hotel,
$1 E0 a day and >fare. .'...
C. R. HANSEN & CO..'.. ...... ..104 Geary st.
A— COLORED head and second cooks, 1 country,
$80 and $60. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ' ..-..-*
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
..59 Third st; Phone Bush 405
..:...... RAILROAD MEN ...V
" Cal.»N. W. R. R... '.. Uklah
300 teamsters,- $2 per day........ Ukiah
100 axmen and shovelers, . $2 per day.... Uklah
100 men to ballast track *.*.. :.....
: Santa F« Co.'s own work
FREE FARE ..FREE FARE
i/Wanted.EO shovelers &t.. ...:.. ..12 25 per day
- Large . electrical i company's own work; we
,' guarantee : work ' until snow flies, the very
best of board and fare advanced. ¦ •
50 .laborers... ..$ir>0 per day and board
10 rock drillers, country ...... $2 50 per day 1
. 10 tunnelmen : ... $3 per day
Sawmill blacksmith, country :...[.:...
..........;.....;..; $70 per month and board
2 EXPERIENCED car - Inspectors, $2 50 • day ;
gardener: for country,' $30 and found; cheese-
maker, and wife, $45; German. man and wife,
I private family, • $45; . farmer and ¦ wife, $40;
milkers, $30; cheese and butter maker; .2
teamsters . for logging,' $60; 10 laborers for
- mill and woods, .$52 to $60; 3 lumber sorters,
'•; pond man' for mill and others. J. F. CRO-
.. SETT & CO., r 628 Sacramento st. :
COOK, email hotel, $30; boarding-house cook,
. $40;, restaurant cook, $40: hotel waiter, $30 ?
restaurant waiter, $8 '. week:- fourth ~ hand
baker on < bread, $8 week and found; dish-
washers and others. J. F.: CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento at. .; -, ¦-. ¦ .
A— HOTEL* GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
- v —Pantry, boy, resort; 2 waiters, country, $25,
free fare; 5 colored v waiters,^country.; $30. ;••
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free ' employment. -¦ 8J7 - Market : «t, ' room ' 207.'
I. LEES, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. ; -* ¦
ENTRY 'clerk, wholesale dry goods; steady po-
sition; state salary, experience.' Box 4645, Call.'
' SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
ccrn»r Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. ¦
300 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
G39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
!S15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
_ntll 9 p. m.
1C6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until > p. m.
3200 nilmorg street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No, 120. F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting THIS (SATUR-^A.
DAY) AFTERNOON at 3 o'clock. Sec-TEjf
ond degree. Fellowcraft Masons cor- * *
<5ially Invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— ¦
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _5\_
EVENING at 6:20 o'clock. Third de- TK2T
gree. Master Masons are Invited. By » V '
order of the Master. ¦ « •
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1. l-Ck fl
0. O. F.— Golden Rule Degree THIS" \f*
(SATURDAY) EVENING. , /\
W. P. HUMPHREYS. C. P. S X
H. C. GEORGE. Scrlbe :
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, jo«Aa_».
1. O. O. F. — Regular meeting S£lE5S*
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Second decree. r
¦ A. K. KIXGSFORD. D. M.
THE St Andrew's Society will cele- v XT $U
brate the ISCth anniversary of the jJV, CbJ'J
birth of SIR TV ALTER SCOTT by 'XJ^Jp?
a literary entertainment and social
dance on FRIDAY EVENING. August 16, at
Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin st Tickets 25c
P." LIVINGSTON DUNN. Vice President.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
A GRAND mass meeting will be held on SUN-
DAY, Ausrust 1L in front of the new City
Hall on Market st to discuss the issue be-
tween capital and labor. DR. C. C. O'DON-
NELL and other eminent speakers will ad-
dress the meeting. Come one, come all.
THE annual meeting of the Ladles' Seaman's
Friend Society will be held at the Sailors'
Home. Main and Harrison sts.. WEDNES-
DAY AuEust 21. 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m.
MRS. WM. H. BARNES. Cor. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from O. F. Sloan et al?.. in the Old
Fti!T Gravel Mine, near Valliclta, ' Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings In Wade's Gulch;
from W. C. Ruff and Manuel Leal. In the
. fiouth Hcncut Mine. In Yuba County, near
Banror. to deposit tailinrs in South Honcut
Creek; from Henry Hanley and Marcus Star-
buck. In the Last Chance Gravel and Seams
Mine, near Canyon. El Dorado County, to
deposit tailings in Big Canyon, and from Ar-
thur R. Pride and Robert Bobb, in the Wil-
low Placer Mine, near Bassett's, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Deer Creek,
frlves notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,
on August IS. 1S01. at 1:30 p. m.
ADOPTION.
HEALTHY Infant for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUN'KE. 1416 Eirhth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTl'M ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. T.136 Mission: tel. FolPom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private ;bankruptcy: col-
lections attachments : mortgages; bills of sale;
partnership* :deeds: wills drawn;fees low;open
eve'e. THURSTON. 100S% Mkt. r. 4. op. oth.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S30 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market, st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
k»t *»t: consultation free: no fees in advance.
.• BOOKS — NEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. T04-706-T08 Mission st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREX.
1 OR S children to board; good home & moth-
er'« care: tlO up: sunny yard. 1607 California.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery and coffee~saloon
with E living rooms; rent J15; choicest loca-
tion; must be sold at once on account of.
sickness of owner. Call R. G. WILKE, 26>i
Kearny Et
$3000— SALOON, restaurant and lodging In one
of the most prospering towns in California:
lease; cheap rent; all in nrEt-clas6 order;
clearing $300 per month. R. G. WILKE, 26^4
Kearny Bt.
A— $1250 bakery and coffee saloon: very best
location, about 2 blocks from Phelan build-
ing;' a. splendid paying place; disagreement
of partners cause of sale. Call R. G. WILKE
tC% Kearny.
A— $900: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms. 4th
and Market sts.; net rent $22; rare chance -
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; tone
block south of Market st. ; daily receipts from
$90 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2S\j Kearny st.
A— $1500; FIRST-CLASS in prices and flrst-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building;
come, investigate and you will find a splen-
did Investment Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A— $500; DELICACY and dairy produce on
Fourth St., close to Market; good business;
cheap rent Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; fine confectionery
and Ice-cream store, -with cigars; dally cash
business, $20; pop. 30,000; can be fully investi-
gated; owner going East; sold reasonably if
at once. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st
$150— PARTNER wanted: indoor business-
steady man. McLaughlln & Co.. 777% Market.
FOR Bale— Plumbing and tin shop in a small
country town near San Francisco. Apply J.
GRAHAM & CO.. 14 Second st. S. F.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
821 Howard St.; no agents.
YOUNG, active man can buy retiring partner's
Interest in old est grocery and bar at In-
voice; experience not necessary: capital I
about $900. Apply box 465L Call office.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 In an optical business; must either be
an optician or. be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.: cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GKORGE MAT-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. lOTl'j Mar-
ket et, Ban Francisco.
FOR sale— At Invoice price, the merchandise
etore of CNOPIUS & CO.. Santa Rosa with
Its two branches, one at Sebantopol and one
at Healdsburg, as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of felling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
4c CO.. Eanta Rosa.
FOR sale— Shoe shop: established 17 years -
cheap. 1503 Post st
FOR sale— Candy Btore and Icecream parlor-
good location: make offer. 230 Sixth Bt
BRANCH bakery for Bale cheap; sickness the»
cause. Address box 4616. Call office.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sale
Address 6. F. Call Agent Santa Cruz. Cal.
WANTED lor cash on short notice— Groceries.
hardware, merchandise. 14 McAllister, r. ie.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt
LOPGIXG-HOPSES FOR SALE]. ¦
6S-ROOM modern house
North of Market et.. ..!!!!:*!!!!/
— Electric Elevator
Former price $5000; reduced to $3700.
Offer wanted. Must be sold
..To-day. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market..
H. C. DECKER 1 »
1020 Market Et. opp. Fifth. Tel. 'M*int°796l
26 Years In Business In This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange.
100 rooming-houses, 10 to BOO rms, $50 to $25 000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms, $100 to. 20*000
40 flats. 3 to 12 rooms, $S0 to '750
E0 private homes. 6 to 25 rooms. $90 to.. 2 000
SI boarding-houses. 10 to 100 rms $3M to lo'oOO
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms, $1000 to... 8'of«0
40 grocery stores. $400 to e'ooo
20 candy stores. $300 to 8*000
<0 saloons. $400 to 6*000
10 cigar stores, $300 to : i'ooo
600 other businesses, all kinds. $100 to.. 20*000
100 vacant lots. $25 to 8 000
"5 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 60*000
R chicken ranches, $400 to 1,700
£0 ranches, everywhere. $300 to 14*000
..To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Call
I can gult you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers— 22 all
lirht rooms.' corner Pacific and Powell; suit-
able Improvement for permanent tenant -
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
«tc. ; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgom-
ery et. room Z. •.:,•>;•.'
ATTENTION, BUYERS! ~~"
Yon may buy. any rooming-house In
the city and pay for ltr./ ;-.-
In monthly payments
from the profits j
• of the house. • .
Vacant houses furnished. ',
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market, j
.r- ; MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY *
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway^*
upright or baby grand piano any time within^
2 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. » New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny acd Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth 8t, Oakland.
STECK. Baldwin. Ludwig. Everett. Packard.
Conover. Ellington. Straube. Gllmore. Kings-
bury. Cable. Smith & Barnes. Willard, Dun-
ham. Chickertng Bros.. Brooks and VaUsy
Gem— these are the makes of plane* sold by
the new piano house. THE WILEY B. AL-
LEN CO., 9» Market st. S. F. (Branch, 951
Broadway. Oakland.)
A SURPRISE~awaits all who are Interested In
the self -play Ing piano; the Cedlian is the lat-
est and best: you are invited to our daily
concerts. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
Union square, sole agents Sohmer A Co..
Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester, Hamilton and
Splelman pianos. |
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list, $50 up; Steinway, $185 up; Fischer.
$100; Chickering. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary at.
$150 CASH will bnr a fine upright IX sold with-
in a day or two: we have also other good
things to offer and will make it wortn your
while to call: we are agents for the •> old,
original and only Decker piano." THE ZE>.O
MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO., 769 Market »t.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlma
within S years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buya piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
St.: established 1S50.
A LIST of fine second-hand pianos— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling. $75. $125. $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell »t.
Chickerinr. Vose. Sterling Agency: also
Apollo, king of self-playera.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $8 installments: no reserve.
"WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st
LEFT on sale. $95 mahogany case Fischer n^/j
right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st. *^W
A SPECIAL for thla week— $100 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post «t.
AT KEEFFE'3 piano store, 22 Turk. nr. Ma~
ket— Shonlnger and Schubert pianos.
NEW upright; sold for advances. PIERCE
Piano Factory. Market. 14th. and Church ats.
GOING East account of death; must sacrifice
large 3-pedal upright piano. 318 Turk st
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Haye».
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
STEINWAY. $200: Hartman, $100; elegant d«w
pianos, $150 up. TV. C. Hamilton, 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for «ale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright planoj
for gale cheap. HORNTTNG'S. 818 McAUUter.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me-
AUlater st. ¦ - ' J
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET,
FOR rent— To a lady hairdresser.' a small room.
all ifurntshed. 252 Ellis st.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good crder; all
sizes: cheap. H. -3. WHITE. 516 Mlsilon st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and fac»
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st
LADIES see what's on your hand; mornings
free. FRANKLIN. 363 Geary st.
PERSONALS.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 332 OTarrell st. and ,
you will nbt be disappointed; this remedy ia "
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
THE Juvenile class at Hinman's School of
Dancing, 1412 Polk st., bet Pine and- Califor-
nia, will open for the season Saturday after-
noon, August 17; the 'adult classes are al-
ready dpen, ' ,
$17 50 — SOLID oak bedroom set: plate mirror.
¦ $1— Solid oak chair: factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 132S.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
EX.S<iTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 E0 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits . to order from genuine |*
Scotch. $15 i*p; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up.. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray, 836 Mission, r.7.
WANTED— The address of CARL WEBER,
tailor. Write N. Davis, tailor, Truckee. Cat
FACE massage: a new and scientific treatment
done at 121 Mason st., A. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all dru?gist3.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed .with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. |2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlcr, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones I
) fought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
• PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, Successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; s*s \
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis. /
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
A— DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
PLANING AND TURXING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
REAL E^^TE~FOBr^AL_
|j .THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents.
5 Montgomery.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER LOTS
Corner on Filbert st; 25x100: $1250.
NE corner on Lombard St.; 36:6x137:8; cheap.
Devisadero-st. corner; in best portion.
Corner Union and Broderlck: 27:6x137:6.
45xlfi5; corner on Van Nesa above Vallelo-
$9000.
A fine corner on Laguna eU: will pay well 1*
Improved : 40x100; $85C0.
NW corner on Green at; fine sunny corner:
27:6x100; for $2250.
Fine residence corner on Devl3adero st. : ma-
rine view; 40x100: $4600.
NE corner of Lombard and Webster, 27:6x120.
Corner on Lombard; 30x110; only $1500.
Cheap corner: only $1250; reduced price; oa
Webster st. : "*25xl0O.
Corner on Masonic ave.: 31:3x100; $1850.
. . . THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents,
¦-¦:.¦¦?¦ 5 Montgomery st
SIX?, seven and eight rooms cottages: also two
flat houses in block between 17th. ISth. Castro
and Noe sts.; % cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL- £5
SON, builder. "*j
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada, one year for $1.
REAL LSTATE COUNTRY — For Sals
FOR sale— Good paying ranch, 63 acres; hot«.«a
' of 7. rooms and cellar; 32 acres In vineya-rl.
balance in TOO assorted fruit trees and hay:
700 chickens; 3 horses: 3 cows; buggy; wagon; «
all other Implements: will take J.;oco cash,
balance on time, or* improved city property.
Address R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO~3
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Kancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets or Information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale ; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal!
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 6T,t Market
-^ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LARGE and small houses for sale' lease or
exchange: building lots and land by acre. J
THNSTKATV San Anieimo.
PROPERTY WAXTED. :
WANTED— From 5 to 15 acres improved or un-
improved land, must have irrigation, in Santa
Clara County. Address box 4670. Call office.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMNTS.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BA » R t A i IN ln ,. 8 - rooin house and corner lot la ,
Berkeley; all modern conveniences; owner"
¦In- ¦ ?, s ow ' n 8 t0 "moral south. J. H. LOG1E. '
SOo Market st, city.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^^R^NTE~D~UsT J 1lou^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LELAND Hall, Palo Alto, to let for a year; a
large, well furnished,' thirteen-roomed house;
modern improvements: central location. Ad-
dress E. ACWORTH. Palo Alto.*
HOUSE of 6 rooms and 'bath; hot and cold
water, stable for 2 horses and yard. 314 Dun-
can st. near 28th and Chutch; rent $12.
8-ROOM house, with 'stable; rent $25. 667
Bryant St.. near Fourth. * •
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— At Sutro baths, two diamond rings, on
Thursday. August 8, 1901. Finder will please
return same to 915 Haight st and receive
liberal reward. "
LOST Aug. 4, a- lady's gold watch. Finder
Will Dlease return to 1522 Sixteenth ave..
South San Francisco; reward. "
LOST— Lady's gold watch (Elgin), hunting
case; Initials M. C. on case; on Wednesday,
August 7; reward. 1078 Valencia st.
LOST— A passbook with the HIbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JANE J. MEYERSTEIN; No. 34-402.
The finder will please return to bank. -
LOST— A pass-book with the HIbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San • Francisco, in the
name of Marcelena Franklin, No. 240,922. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Leather purse: contents, about $9 coin.
$1 paper; reward. 2110 Central ave. y
WHITE bull terrier. dog; long ears and tail..
Return to 887 Fulton st. and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia 'Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887; reliable & con-
fidentlal: lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilised, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS. 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. r
« MEDICAL.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practico "confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market st, corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
A— Dr. G.. W. O'Donnell. ' renowned specialist;
I treat ladies only; all classes of female com-
plalnta. relieved; quickest results. 1018 Market.
MP.S. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market-Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
lng confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DA VIES'
original method of treatment; maternity
home; stamp- for circulars. 1126 Market, S. F.
THE WYETH Maternity Home removed from
Post to 410 O'Farrell st., near .Taylor. .
Mrs. L. Brooks, M. D.— Obstetrics ; diseases of
women. Mission and 16th.: tel.. Blue 1320.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, 1 mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfit's on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission st, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50: 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
' cheap., Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
AIR compressor, 3 sizes, 5, 10. 20 stamp mills:
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail .mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardlne. 220 Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
/glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
/etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
' lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
1 CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
FOR . sale— Instantaneous freezer; on exhibi-
tion one w§ek. F. S.. 87 Third st.
DIAMONDS, watches, -Jewelry: cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fenhtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29. '
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and sacond
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market st. San Fran.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and slze3.
J. SCHWEJIDT, 821 Mission St.
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. "White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 471-423 t Sacramento st.
ENGINES and bollerb: second-hand machin-
ery. J. KLTRKK. 13? Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline cr distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS _ WANTS.
WANTED — Second-hand safe; double doors
preferred; state size, make and price. Box
4685, Call office. . .
PORTABLE or sand oven: good condition:
cheap. Address MRS. E. K. SMART, room
j 4, Merrltt Hotel. Twelfth st. Oakland.
TILTOX wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154. 9th st: tel. Folsom 2522.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AA-M Al<HATTAN~LOAN raMPANY.~
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024.
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
¦ Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN .'.
...• 24 Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
J5.000.0CO at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second • mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. " If your prop-
erty is mortsraged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture-, pianos, eta; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9. and 10. 906 Market St.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 pier cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor
Chronicle building. ¦ HALLORAN & OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of Interest
9 Grant ave., near Market; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st ; phone Red 1603. , . •
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount-
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
$25, 000. IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
__-_«.¦& Pa e rro b t e t f0 b r u e ildfn° g ? g el8eWhCre -
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvato
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory bldg.. SOI Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds™
-watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price -for old gold, silver, diamonds.
A— ON real estate: lowest rate; no brokerage-
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required S
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building!
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
t plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bullding-
low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2.
• T m Pa%ou y t£S5Sg y; loan3 " d ¦ «"«"-«»•
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED. ~~
LOAN wanted— $1000 wanted. For further ii£
1 formation address box 4619, Call office. "
;-,r W EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 1 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business' education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; -Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Ehorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
. tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
cchool for the university. ¦ law ' and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. !
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg- ehorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 123S Market st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
.lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
STATE Normal graduate desires pupils in pri-
mary and grammar studies. Box 4605, Call.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY anl
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. 8. F.:
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
High School students — The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German; nupil of Leipslc Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPFST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address'ln the
United states or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPAN Es£T > and~cTiin^~~h7ip~of~Xll ~klndV;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 024 Bush St.; telephone Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment . office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fle<»: all kinds heln. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Housework where there are no chil-
dren; good cook; neat, reliable; best of rf-fer-
ence; by middle-aged woman. Address N. J.
WILSON. Alameda Postofflce.
MAN and wife wish work; wife as cook, man
as dishwasher or helper; hotel, camp or
boarding-house. Call or address 613 Howard.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper; refined and trustworthy:
light work; moderate wages. MRS. LISTON,
Peachtree, Monterey County.
A— EXPERIENCED stenographer and type-
i writer wishes permanent position: $30 to com-
mence; references. L. C, box 4530, Call. i
A WOMAN wishes to do chamber work or take
care of sick lady a few hours a day. 579 Na-
toma st. ¦
¦WOMAN wishes a position as housekeeper for
one or more gentlemen. Call or address 7
Clara st. . .
DAXISH girl goes out by the day or will take
lace curtains, flannels, towels, napkins or |
handkerchiefs home to wash. 1331 Fulton st. !
PLAIN sewing and mending done reasonable.
601 Leavenworth St., corner O'Farrell, room 6.
GIRL wishes to do ironing in a laundry. Call j
at 68 Serpentine place, bet. 16th and 17th sts. ]
GERMAN girl wants place for upstairs work; :
references. Call or write to 211& Bartlett st j
PLAIN sewing and mending done reasonable. '
604 O'Farrell St.. room S, second floor. ]
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar- !
k'i— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week'; convenient and respectable; free 'bus i
and baggage to and from ferry. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and' !
subscriptions has been established at 1096 '
Valencia st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call, branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT. WANTED— MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation as Jani-
tor, porter or man about private place; un-
derstands care of garden, horses. Box 2292,
Call office, Oakland^
SOBER and reliable man wants employment
as porter or night Watchman: 10 years' city
references. Box 4638, Call office. >
WANTED — By young man. position of some
kind; good porter; speaks German; best of
city references. Box 4635, Call office.
SOBER, reliable. Industrious man wants
steady employment as porter, packer or
nightwatchman; 30 years in this city; good
recommendations from last employer. Ad-
dress box 4628, Call office.
A MARRIED man, thoroughly experienced in
mercantile and office work, also window
trimming, desires situation either In city or
outside towns. Address box 4936, Call.
WATCHMAKER— Young man desires position
In country or city; can also manufacture
Jewelry and do clerking; . references. Ad-
dress box 4530, Call.
FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber will work by
the day or month for property owner or es-
tate; has all necessary shop tools. Box 4649,
Call office.
GOOD hotel waiter desires steady position. In- I
quire at New Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgom-
I ery ave.
I POSITION in a private place: reliable man '¦
with horses; milk cows; take care of garden:
good reference. Address T. D., 1519 Howard. I
PAINTER and paper-hanger with tools wants !
employment by day or contract: able to take
charge of work. Box 4622. Call office.
YOUNG single man wishes any: kind of work.
Address box 4532, Call office. -.
WANTED — A position, by a Japanese boy as
cook; can furnish best of reference. Box
4654. Call office. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recel\ ed at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has. been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' . ¦ ¦ t
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed." reno^
vated. E.I.O'Rourke.1393 VaIencla:tel.Capp 2fg2. '
V FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — We
'have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds;' companies- incor-
l porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. ' Call
I or addre«s~maln office. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
jJn3m]E""?iaT^}f~Tl :: c<^^
Apply. 1318. Larkin. st •
$17 50— FLAT, of 5 rooms and bath. 571 Hayeg
St., near Laguna; no small children.. \
BEAUTIFUL new 7, 8 and 8; roof garden; ma-
rine view. Dally, 1 to 6, Van Ness and Union.
O'FARRELL, 1933^Modern flats, 6 rooms, bath,
yard, basement; reasonable to good tenant.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. Corner Mar-
ket and Laguna sts.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pageti. sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1; .
. FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Furnished flat, of 6 or 7:roomi;
must be flrst-class In every respect; , refer-
ences exchanged. Box 4682, Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. '
FOR sale— New furniture • of a 7-room house
for cash or monthly, payments; selling on ac-
count of departure for Europe. . A. VERRA,
19 Silver st. ' . -
4 ROOMS ¦ furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range.'/ King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A.:B.- Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.'
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694..
-.-furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CAL: Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. . u ¦
Auctioneer; W. P. \ Beaucnamp, ' 2 Golden Gat*
ave. ; tel. 'Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought
BEFORE selling your furniture, see ¦ Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. ' Jessie 7C1 - before selling furniture, ¦. car-
pets, piaaos. etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.; ' pays highest
price for gecond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
." \ •••¦' gloves. "'.* ':; ¦
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
•\ warranted; kept in repair.^-; 121 Grant ave.:
LOPGIXO HOUSES FOR SALE — f 7 ** 1 *-
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 128.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
60 rooms; rent $200; fine family hotel $6000
36 r.; rent $115; fine house; moneymaker. 1S00
22 r.; rent $60; housekeeping: well furn.. 1400
Money loaned on deferred payments, l 1^ P- c
28 rooms: rent $90; fine furniture 2200
19 r.; rent $60; good: elears $70; Mission. 850
15 r.; rent $50; oak furniture; part cash.. 1000
7 r.; rent $35; fine furniture and carpets.. 600
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
WE have legitimate bargains in lodging-
houses, saloons, candy and notion stores; also
several restaurants and cigar propositions
which we can vouch for.- Call and get our
prices. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency.
Everything thoroughly Investigated ; a trial
given.
McBRIDE & CO 1016 Market st
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.).
LODGING-HOUSE with 16 sunny rooms on one
floor. 36 Stockton and 37 O'Farrell st ; call
for particulars. ¦
BARGAIN— 6-room bath; 3 rooms pay expenses.
Call bet. 1 and 4 p. m.. 226 Taylor Bt.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Frl., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 Bush st; tel. 2275 Larkin.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnhr.m, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty: cir. Sun. Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 38 McAllister st (no sign).
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c eeance Sun.. Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m.; every onj gets a test; Pri-
vate readings dally. 299 Hyde st, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
. letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c.; Sun., Men., Frl.
eves., 8:15: Wed. aft, 2:45: sit. 10 to 4 except
Bat. and Sun. 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis-Readings dally:
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRANKLIN. 363 Geary; what he tells comes
true; ladies' free tests mornings.
H. Thompson, medium, will send you answers
on any subject by mall. 23c. 603 California st.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading: 50c. 1007^2 Market st.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 8
p.m.; Wed., 2:30 p.m.. 10c; readings dally, 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night.lOc.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARdT"
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third >t., next Examiner bldg. She
; reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you nre in trouble, discontented, un-
I happj- or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gtae ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator.. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. ¦ Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.: "readings by mail.
__________
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest pre-
dictions In love affairs; reunites separated; 1
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
i gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
I KNOW your fate — lime. Richards, astrological
palmist, reader of human destiny! never fails:
25c, 50c. 1203 Mission Bt: phone Howard 2673.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market op.
Ctb: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 y. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader, '
test medium: 25c up. 777% Market st, room IS.
FRANKLIN. 363 Geary — To-day and to-mor-
row morning ladies get free tests.
CARD reading. 25c up; 120 Sixth st. MME.
MARSEAU. '
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader;
ladles 25c, gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
Mrs.Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S% Jessie st, bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9a.m. to 8 p.m.; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna St.. near Fourth.
CHEAPEST arid best in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States cr Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
CARPET BEATISG AXD CLEAMXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIXG'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tchama st: _U South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
BEATING. 3c: laying, 3c; renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.: phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Mission 263.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlrig Work9,
• S33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st: tel. South 250.
J..-B. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st : tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st: telephone Jessie 914.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts; paln-
• less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF. Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N. Y. : Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^cnargTunt
less successful. Room ZIP. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A-DR. ~T. B. HIGGlNir^2r^IarkeT~street
Emma Spreckels. building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
eold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plate* our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, 41 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 year*'
experience; no- etudents; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE XV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
COc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. A, C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist ;
specialties.' crown and bridge work and the
. preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. Painless extraction,
60c N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. . —
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. ¦
VOTING. 1341 Polk Bt y ,-*.? ».'.
DERMATOLOGISTS. •
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed by
electrolysis; facial massage with hydro-vaiu.
MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bunh Et 1
DETECTIVE -AGENCIES..
McCABE'S Detective Agency handl&TalTIegTi>
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building
roo»ns 323-324. Ban - Francisco; tel. South 38ll
P RE S SMAKER SAXD SE AMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
- Class rates; patterns cut '1013 Market st. '
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders I prompt
¦mention, '121 Post," over O'Connor & Moffatt.
j HELP WANTED— MALE— Con. -^
A— MURRAY & READY....... Phone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
..Office open 7 a. m. to-day
1 ..500 R. R. men wanted.... ...«'•
..............S. P. R. R., Santa Fe......
..Cal: N. W.Ry
--... ....For Uklah..Free Fare
S50 teamsters, laborers and men to cut right-
of-way for Ukiah; free fare
..Wages $2, $2 25 and $2 50
. ..Ship to Ukiah morning and afternoon, free..
S. P. R.' R. CO.'S WORK.....
150 men for section, ballast, .'track, rock, steel
and other gangs, on all divisions, Including..
....Los Angeles..... and Santa Barbara....
Free Fare .'. Free Fare
SANTA FE .:
100 men to work on Santa Fe system, com-
pany work, between S. F. and Bakersfleld
Free Fare.... :.... Ship Dally
Rough carpenter, ranch, $1 fare, $40 and
found: ranch blacksmith, $1 25 fare, $40 and
found: blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 day:
blacksmith helper, camp, near city, . $52 and
found; band sawyer, $3 day; floor man, coun-
try shop, $2 50 day.... ;......
LABORERS MISCELLANEOUS
15 more laborers, surface work mines, no ex-
. perience required $45 to $50 and found
10 laborers, gold mining company $75
6 muckers, $60; 2 single-hand miners, ......$75
5 laborers, mine, S. L. O. Co... $60
10 laborers, electric power company.. $2 25 day
10 shovelers, I near city.. ....$65
5 quarrymen, $60; drillers, $2 25 and $2 50 day
6 laborers, brick yard $30 and found
Setters and burners, brick yard.. $40 & found
60 laborers, Shasta and Trinity Co $67 50
10 tunnelmen, north, , reduced fare.... $3 day
• 10 teamsters, new work on levee.. $37 50 & fd
10 teamsters, mining district.. $2 and $2 25 day
50 teamsters, city and country
:.... $2, $2 50 and $3 day
• 5 men, threshing outfit, 75c fare. .$40 & found
59 farmers and harvest hands. $1 25 to $2 50 day
5 teamsters, haul straw, large ranch. $50 and
found; farmer and wife, $60; 5 milkers, $30
and $35... ...:....
Watchman, city factory... $2 60 day
Steward for the ofRcfers of large company....
$40 and found
Baker, country shop, $50, fare paid; second
baker. 50c fare. $35 and found; 3 bakers' help-
ers, $25 and $30; 6 cooks; 2 camp waiters,
$30; 2 waiters, country hotel, $35; pantryman,
$35. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TRUSTWORTHY persons in each State, to
manage business of wealthy corporation; sal-
• ary $18 cash each; Wednesday from head-
quarters; expense money advanced. Man-
ager, 325 Caxton building, Chicago. .
WANTED— Men to work on ditching anoV, tun-
nel out of town; men willing to ¦work; no
others need apply.- 323 Kearny St.. room 4.
GOOD man wanted to solicit stationery in of-
fices. Apply before 9 a. m. or after 4 p. mJ
at MYSELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, veeetableroen and
dishwashers; call at once; no fee. 127 Ma-
son st. .
WILLING boys in bookblndery; good oppor-
tunity. JOHN KITCHEN JR. CO., 610 Com-
merc'al st.
PAINTER and paper-hanger wanted. 308V4
Guerrero ; st
MAN who can attend common bar. Apply at
600 Sixth Et. ¦
BOY 16 or 18; good penman; answer. In hl3 own
handwriting. Box 4684, Call office. , \
EXPERIENCED hardware salesman for retail
store. Box 4686, stating age, salary expected.
COMPETENT dishwasher. 612 Kearny, st. ' -
2 FIRST-CLASS furniture polishers wanted.
1614 Market st. '
WANTED— Young man to wait at table; $20.
Bay Oyster House. 135 Powell st. . •
ALL-AROUND bookbinder. PERNAU BROS.,
543 Clay st.' . .
YOUNG man to take orders; must understand
a Uttle about cutting meat. 3329 Sacramento.
CLERK wanted at 3119 Sixteenth St.; middle-
aged preferred. f .
CABINETMAKERS and bench hands: non-
union; no office fees. Mechanics' Registration
Bureau, t <10 Kearny. st, room 24.
NON-UNION barbers wanted at 105 Fourth st.
CANVASSERS to sell good article to business,
men; must have general knowledge of- book-
keeping. Apply 1 to 3 p. m. (Saturdays and
- Sundays exc.J at Pacific Pres3 Pub. Co.,
12th & Castro sts.. Oakland: ask for Dayton.
1C00 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, . brush
•And shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal. ; apply on
work; steady work, {rood board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St.", room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. '
MEN to' learn barber trade; positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations [
'- and , diplomas given free; complete outfit of
tools donated; wages while, learning; more
-calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or write at once for free catalogue and ;
special offer. HOLER BARBER COLLEGE, i
, 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Recrluts for the marine corps, U.
S. navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
1 less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch ; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco. • '
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — A young salesman for retail dry
goods house: domestic department. Address
box 4S75. Call.
WANTED— 100 first-class house painters. $3,
8 hours' work. Apply' room 5S4, Parrott
building. 8 to 2 dally.
YOUNG electrician wanted for important city
position; must be prepared to invest few
: hundred dollars. Address box 4681? Call.
WANTED — Young man to , drive butcher
wagon, take care of horses and assist around
shop. Apply 2503 Clay st. -
WANTED— An all-round blacksmith to rent a
blacksmith shop with tools; plenty of work.
Address P. O. box. 185, Truckee, Cal. " .
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS*
- Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
BASTERS on coats: steady work. BELASCO
6 HARRIS. 541 Market St. •
YOUNG man as assistant porter and to run
pipe machine. Box 4676, Call.
WANTED — A youns gardener in nursery. Ad-
, . dress box' 4671. Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while' waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ACTIVE younsr clerk for grocery j and bar.
Apply box 4669, Call office.- - .
WANTED — Boy about 16 years In conf ection-
' ary. 1503 Geary st. " ,
. _ ___ __ .
JEWELERS. 328 Bush at. third floor, room 4.
1 WANT an outside office man or woman.
1008V4 Market st, room 4.
WANTED— Foreman for small glove factor
outside of city. Address box 4650. Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
¦price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d st.«.
SAILORS.' ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st '
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
, San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and~2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
.'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. | ¦' ¦' _ . •
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly .Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
• HORSES AXD WAGOPTS-
40 HORSES for -sale; also .'wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
¦ S27 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— 1 top . baker wagon ; 1 cart ; 1 old
hcrse. 2707 Twenty-flrst st. -
2 PAIRS elegant carriage horses will be sold at
low prices. J. O'Donnell, Golden Gate Stable.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle business
- and road horses. ' pALZIEL, 603 G.' G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co. ; he sells too cheap. _ 54 Eighth ¦ st
40 HEAD of > work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 s Howard St.; ... •
ALL kinds of wagons, juggles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN &.SON. 2117 Mission . st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
, camping wagon for sale, cheap. 632 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
j Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
. HORSES WANTED. M v
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job ; four
"or five months', work,; Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery-at.. ¦room: g. '¦•¦'¦-.¦ .,¦¦.¦ ¦. : -.
!,i;;;>I:,S',-" "'-'•¦ ¦¦HOSPITALS.. -^ : -".-
MENTAL. and nervous diseases— A few select
cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sanl-
- tarlum,"230 Douglass st, 'San Franclaco.Continued from Eighth Page.
C. H. S. Pratt (owner) with G. Petterson and
S. Persson (contractors), architect . All
work for a two-story . frame building (brick
foundations) otf W line of , Bryant street. 150
N of Seventeenth, N 25 by W 100, Potrero
Nuevo 26: $4330. - .
J. S. Van Buren (owner) with Daniel Ein
stein ¦ (contractor), architect . -All work for
a two-story frame (2 flats) on N line of Waller
street. 137:6 W of Central avenue.W 25. by N
137:6, : Western Addition 657; $5383. -
Edward and Sarah Donnelly (owners) with
George L. Gale (contractor), architect C. A.
Meussdorffer— All work except concrete founda
tion, excavation, mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for one-story and basement frame build
ing on N line of Filbert street, 70 W of Jones,
W SO by N 52; $1880.
Builders' Contracts.
division lots 54 to 57, 65 to 61, Klnftlaad Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $40.
State Savings Bank to Kathrine . Hodgklss
(widow), all interest in lot on - W. line of Paru
street, -40 S of Buena Vista avenue. S 35 by "W
116, Alameda; $10.
H. P. and Emma E. Moreal to same, all In
terest In same, Alameda; $10.
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.-.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Following Is a'statement of .the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per,- second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling B0, California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. ' B. Lipplncott, ¦ hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey :. ..,;>'¦-
FLOW OF "RIVERS.
GRAND HOTEL.
• F J Haskln, NY :
J McD Mathews, NY:
S Lukes, Ontario
Mrs .Lukes, c. Ontario '.
G S Lukes, Ontario
Miss B Lukes, Ontario i
Miss KLukes, Ontario '
J Solomon, Portland '.
W W Wren. N Y *
W W Biddlnes, Cal :
T H Hastincs, Ky ;
Mrs Paxton, Portland '.
W W Baker, Wash :
W J Johnston, NY
D Falconer, Nevada '.
C T Robinson, S Jose 1
Mrs Robinson, S Jose ]
W F Ingalls, Napa :
W Peterson, Sta Itosa <
G Hood, Ky
A Dubbers, Ventura !
C H Luck, Stanford
P Austin, San Jose <
Mrs Austin, San Jose '.
F F Small, Sacto \
W K Slater. Sacto
Dr A E Braden, Cal :
Mrs Braden, Cal
W C Guthrie, Chicago
G F Stiehl, Salt Lake
Mrs Stiehl. Salt Lake :
J M Phillips, Seattle .
G D Phillips. Seattle ,
C Lindner, Cal ¦ '
W W Downle, • Iowa - '
Mrs Downie, Iowa
C J Black, Montreal i
H J Dalton, Montreal
Dr J E Cohn, Cal ¦. <
Mrs Rich, Pacific Grov
F M Chlttenden, Cal
E B Waterman, Cal
W A Klrkham, Los A
Mrs Klrkham, Los Ang
A. H Fanncean, Cal
Mrs Fanncean, Cal
F Wood. 1 Visalia
D M Elliott, Denver
M McWhorter. Cal
E Carpenter, Sacto
Mrs Carpenter, Sacto
Mrs G Rodecker, Mo
Miss M Coober, Cal
W E Howard, St Paul
Mrs Howard, s, StPaul
M Seymour, N Y
Mrs Seymour, N Y
B F Lewis, Fresno
G P Moore, Omaha
J W Fisher, Stockton
F G Silliman, Cal
A Hustibeck, Cal
C Russell. Texas
Mrs Russell, Texas
W M Gottschalk, Wls
J B Blankfleld, N Y ;
F Kohler. Sacto ¦„
A Kingsbury, Tacoma
L G Smith, Cal
H Martin. Mayfleld
Mrs Martin, Mayfield
J Goldman. Merced •
J J Hebbron, Salinas
W Reed, Menlo •
W Woodley,- Mo .
I R Woodley, Mo *
C E Montgomery, Cal
Dr Thomson, Cal
C Wizsaszoskl, Cacstln
E.Rlch, . Pacific Grove
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr R Rowett, Cal
I W Robbin, Berkeley
C Wolf, Berkeley
F G Rowley, Oakland
C G Lyman, USA
D Condln, Cal : -i
J J Birde. Cal
T P Haynes, N Y
O P Murlch, Oakland
W G Barnwell St. jh,
' Los Angeles
W G Bussey, N Y
J Saegler, Loa Ang
H R Boynton, L Ang
H B Chase & w, Cal
E Rogers, Chicago
C W Tuttle. Colusa
A R Katz, N Y
H Jones & w, Topeka
R R Smith & w, Engid
J D Carr. Salinas
L W Carr, Salinas
C Amion. Cal
H E VyVi^Sc w, N t
F B Llppman, ; N Y '
J Stemmel & w, N Y
L C Bosher, Virginia
H G Plnney, Boston ,
W A Brewer, S Mateo
A. H. Stewart & w.
Wash, D C
H Bloch, Cleveland
C K Curtis. Clinton, la
P Davis, Clinton* Iowa
3 J Scott, Aberdeen
Miss A L Scott, Aber
deen
Mrs W A Habls & dau,
St Louts - ...
W M Scott, Phlladel
Miss M P Scott, Phlla
K Thierry & w, Phlla
B Manierre, Chicago
P Ottesen, Japan
3 H Lymbery. NY
C P Russell & w, Tex
Miss Johnson. Alameda
F Black, N Y.
A. L Brown & w, • L An
W Warr, Cal \.
Mrs J P Warr, Cal
Ft H Fletcher & w, Cal
Ft H Flelcher Jr, Cal
HOTEL AUBIVALS)
SANTA .BARBARA;, Aug. 9.— William
Kelso was taken into court this morning
to be arraigned for the murder of Harry
Blochman at Santa Maria. His attorneys
objected to the Grand Jury's Indictment,
arguing irregularity of proceedings. Judge
W. H. Day ¦ sustained the indictment.
Kelso pleaded not guilty.
Says He Committed No Murder.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 9.— Three affidavits
•"vere Hied to-day in the case of Look Kee
who was recently convicted of the mur
der of Lee Wing, which may result in th<S
accused securing- a new trial. These gro-.v
out ri the alleged statements of A. P.
King, one of the jurors, to the effect that
his mind was made up • before the trial.
Judge Lorigan has set the hearing of the
matter for August, 19.
Chinese May Get New Trial.
Elizabeth G. Porine to- George B. Flint, lot
on N line of Fifth street. 75 W of Oak. W
25. by N 75, block • 123, Kellersberger's Map,
Oakland; $10.
George and Mary Andrews to Abe and Rosle
Davis, lot on N line of Lydia street, 75 E of
West, E 25 by N 80, being a portion of lots 1
and 2. block F, Curtis • & Williams Tract,
Oakland; $10. -
George A. Scott to Alice M. Scott, lot on
SE line of First avenue, 300 NE of Summers
street, NE 70 by SE 100. lot 7 and a portion
of lot 8, Map Locksley Square. Oakland- gift.
George B. Flint to Abbie L. Flint, all In
terest in lot 23 in block 128, Kellersberger'a
Man. Oakland: gift. .
Claus B.. Tackle (single) to Christine M. J.
Matthiesen (wife of A.), all interest In lot on
NE corner of Thirty-fifth and Market streets.
E 35 by N 100, being a* portion of block M.
Property Central Land Company, subject to
mortgage for $2000. Oakland; $10.
Laura A. S.. Ballard .(widow) to F. S. Prcs
cott, all Interest ¦ In lot - on SE line of Ninth
avenue. 150 NE of East Twenty-fourth street.
NE 50 by SE! 150, being a portion of block 149,
.Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Fried Maurer to George Sterling, lot on S.
line of University avenue. 209 W of. Sacra
mento street. W 104 by S 32, block. 1, Shaw
Tract, Berkeley; $10. „. /
( Catherine and John Casey to . same, lot on
SW corner of University avenue and Sacra
mento strppt. W 59, S ISO, E 49, N 150, block
1, same. 'Berkeley; $10.
Ellen G." and • F. D. Butterfleld I to Virginia
G. M. Vassault (widow) and Theodora E. Vas
sault (single), all interest in, lot on S line of
Durant avenue. 110 E of Telegraph avenue/ E
40 by S 130, . being a portion of block • 10, Prop
erty.College Homestead Association, -Berkeley;
$100. ; ¦-,. „' • ' ¦ ¦ .. .
• Virginia G. M. and Theodora E. Vassault to
Louis Titus, all- interest In same, Berkeley;
$100. : : -•¦•¦.¦, •¦' . .
Sophia' A. Hlgglns (widow), to Georglana.de
R. Baronidis (widow), lot on SW corner of
San Pablo avenue and Delaware street. S 150,
¦W- 135, N 50. W 15, N 100, E 150.- in block, 80,
Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment'Association: also lot on S line of Dela
ware street, . 150 W 1 of San Pablo avanue, ; W.
40 by S100, block 80, same. Berkeley; $10.
'Walter G. and Emilie-V. Manuel to C. S.
Weston. lot ' on S line of Addlson (or Third)
street, 168 E of Second avenue, E 44 by S 135. i
block 1,' plan State University Homestead As
sociation. .Berkeley; $10. .'¦•• - • - ; .:
Holt R. Shaw to game, lot on S line of Uni
versity^ avenue. 1457.08 W of Sacramento street.
SE 276. SW 82:6. NW 276, thence E to be
ginning, being -fiame property as deed June 25,
1SS3. from Sarah E. to Holt R. Shaw. 419 D."
314. Berkeley; $10. - - - > ¦ ¦ .
C. J. Weston to George ¦ Sterling, . same aa
deed from Holt ; R. Shaw ; also same as deed
from Walter G. Manuel et el.. Berkeley: $10.
May B. and.Z. T. Gtlpin to W..T..Tate. all
Interest -in .lot onW line of Broadwav, 164:8
S of Twenty-second street. S 50 bv W 125. block
D- " Wilcox Place Tract, Oakland; : $10. • : .
Estate of ? E3ther < A;-- Stoddart (by , Frtd " P.
Stoddart,' administrator) "to'L.\J. Moran.' lota
1 and' 2, block E. Tuohy's Second to
¦ Berkeley.' Oakland Township: $270. •' • , -..
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Hen
ry Gansberg. 215 square feet of lot 16A. plat 23.
said cemetery, (Oakland Township;. $161. -• , -
Maria Lamb ' (widow) ¦' to Joseph'A.'Furtado.
lot on SE ' corner - of ¦ San*' Pablo ¦ and Wallace
avenue ' or Forty-fifth street; . E : 175 by . S " 75.
lot 3 ¥z of lot 4."- Cogpeshall ' Tract," E
of , San Pablo avenue. : Oakland Township; $10..
:A:<H. and Julia M.-. Broad to-Mrs, IVira Ku
berj (married).- all Interest In -lot 'on SEicorner
of Ruspell street and Shattuck avenue E 113 21
S S5.65. W 115.21. N 36.22, block! C. Adeline
Tract. Berkeley; $10. ••.,< v .. .'. , .
"Oakland: Bark of Savings to Ernest and So
phie' Gurke."' all interest in lot on '.W line -of
Kinjrs street. 110 N'of Prince. W"12n by'N 40.
portion lot 'IS. elands RrePtit Street Homestead
Association., Berkeley; $l?00 ..,--..,
.•Thomas AY Joffross (administrator, 'of estate
nf.Lultr.O .Tr-fr r n«s),to-C. i r;. Fort^all Inter
est in undivided 1-3 nf lots ii(i and .".man wih.
Alameda County.
Estate of William G. Lanlgan (by Edward
Lanlgan, administrator) to Alleen J. Flnkler
(wife of H. C). lot 16. block A. Spreekels" .sub
division of blocks A. B and D, Park Hill Home
stead Association; $1500. -- ,
Mary M. B. Martin to Elizabeth Walsh (wife
of Edward), lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 250
S of L" street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Eliza Thayer. lot on E line of Ninth avenue.
250 S of N street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Elizabeth Rock to Samuel M. Crlm, lot 14,
block 2. West End Man 1; $10.
Albert Meyer to Frank A. Martin, lot on NW
corner of I street and Eighteenth avenue, N
100 by W 32:6: J10.
John D. Milligan to Robert Milligan.' lot on E
line of Twentieth avenue, 172 N of California
street, N 26 by E 120; $10.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Twenty
third (Nevada) and Iowa streets, W 100 by S
50;' also lot on S corner of S street and Fourth
avenue. SE 125, SW 100. SE 125. SW 100, NW
250. NE 200. block 86. O'N. and H. Tract: $10.
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern
Pacific Company, lot on N line of Twenty-sec
ond (Sierra) street. 100 W of Iowa. W 25 by N
60; also lot on N lln* of Twenty-second street,
25 E of Pensylvania avenue. E 23 by N 63; ?10.
• Meta Mache to Conrad Binz, lot on N line of
Chestnut street. 80 W of Dupont, W 20 by N
122:6; $10.
James E. Brennan to Nellie and William T.
Brennan, lot on SE line of Clary street, 125 SW
of Fifth. SW 20 by SE 63; $10. .
Philip Deppe to Bernard W. Deppe, lot on E
line- of Douglass street. 133 N'of Seventeenth
(Santa Clara). N 25 by E 148; $l(h -¦< ¦ ¦¦-.•» --
George "Mangels to Bernard Bennett, lot on
N line of Eighteenth street, 75 E of Colllng
wood, E 25 by N 75; $10. ->. •• S
Annie M^ Killelea or Killelay ' to John P.
ChrlstenseK; lot on E line' of Vlcksburg street!
155 S of Twenty-third. S 40 by E 117:6; $1595.
. Matthew D. Klllelea or Killelay to same,
same; $1595. ... - . . *
Rosina W. Barton (Bessey) to John F. Byrne,
lot on E line of Dolores street, 147 S of Twenty
second, S 36 by E 117:6; $10.
Estate of Rosetta A. Sedgley (by Edith C.
Sedgley and John Kelso, surviving trustees) to
Matilda Smith (wife of Thomas), lot on E line
of Florida street; 150 N of Seventeenth, N 25 by
E 100; ?850. ¦-.- 4 .
John I. Driscoll to Mary E. Driscoll. undi
vided half of lot on E line of Shotwell street.
155 S of Twenty-fifth, S 40 by E 115; gift.
A. P. Hotaling & Co. (corporation) to George
B. Boitano and George B. Cordano. lot on NW
corner of Shotwell and Twenty-second streets,
N 65 by W 122:6; $10. . '
Savings and Loan Society to Louis Friedlan
der, lot on W line of Larkin street, 77:8U S of
Pacific, S 50 by W 112; $6000. •• .
John and Luna Stierlen to Harry G. Trull,
re-record 1913 D. 404, lot on E line of Clayton
street. 350 S of Frederick, S 25 by E 101:3; $10.
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 9— The Earl Fruit Com
pany to-day sold California fruit at auction,
realizing the "'following prices: Pears—Bart
letts, boxes, $2 15@2 30, average $2 IS; half
box»s, $1 05@l 20. average $1 17. Peaches—Sus
quehanna, boxes, $1 15@1 25, average H 19.
Plums— Eureka, single crates, $1 1O@1 25, aver
age n 12: Yellow £gg. single crates, $1 05@l 25,
average *1 15; Kelsey Japan, single crates, $1 10
®1 25. average $1 19; Lemon Plum, I single
crates, average Jl 10. Prunes— California, sin
gle crates. $1 25<?1 33. average $1 27; Hungarian,
single crates, $1 20@l 40, average < $1 83; Im
perial, single crates, $1® "51 23, average $1 16.'
Two cap sold here to-day. Weather favorable.
Fruit Sales.
• VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 9.-In the
Yukon murder case the Dominion Govern
ment has notified O'Brien's counsel that
they. do not-*Eee merit in his contention
that the Judge admitted improper evi
dence, and the application for a new trial
will not be granted. The law will there
fore take its course and O'Brien will be
hanged on August 23. -
Must Hang for His Crime.
STOCK AND 30ND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Auj. »-3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
V, Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. ..113 113H|4s qr cp (new).137 133
4s quar reg....H3 113Vx 1 3s quar coup..l06HlCSH
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P G 53.106U — Oceanic SS 6s.l01Vil03
TTal-st 5s. 117*4 — Omnibus C 6S.131 —
C C Water 5s.lO7% — Pac O Imp '4s. — ICO
Ed L & P 6s..l28H133tf Pk & Cl H Ss.lOS —
Fer & Cl R 6S.117H — Pk & O R 8s. .117 —
Oeary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s.l2O —
H C & S 5!,4s. .106>i — Sac E O R 5s. 95 —
Do 5a — 102V* S F & 8JV 5a.Ul —
Los Ang R Ss.118 — " Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. - 102 S P ot A 6s
Do gntd 63...IOO — (1909) 112% —
Do grntd 6S-...1C3 — (1910) 113 —
L A & Fac 5s.. 101 103 S P of C «s
Do 1 c m 6b. 102% — <1905), Ber A. — 109%
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27Vi — (1905). Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m 53.124 - (1906) 112%114
Nev C N G 7s.lO5 114 (1912) 120H —
Nor R Cal 6s.. 111% — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s. 119>4 — c Bntd 6a 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 101^104 S P Br Cal 6g.l38 —
Do 5s. ...... ..105 — S V Water 6s.ll4 — "
Nor R Cal 5s.ll0 113 'Do 4a 102H —
Oak Gas 6s....ll2 1 ,4 — Do 4s Sdmtg.101% — *
Do Trans 6s. 119 119Vi Stktn Gas 63.. — —
Do "Water 5S.102H —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75% 77 I Spring Valley. S5% S5tf
Marln County. 50 — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 5 Pac Lisht — —
Equitable 5 5% Sacramento .. — — '
Mutual 5Vi 6V4 B F G & E.... 42% 42V&
Oakland 51 51^ San Francisco. 4*4 4'a
Pao Gas Imp.'— 44 ) Stktn G & B.. S —
. • INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — 81 L P & A...... 155 160
California ....404 406 Mer Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F National. 127% —
First Nat S F.306 312
SAVINGS-BANKS.
German ......1870 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav... 53 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.520 —
• STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 iPresidio — 40
Market 79% 79%'
POWDER.
Giant.... 76% 77%fVl£orit S SVi
- SUGAR.
ffwia •' 6% 6% Kilauea 16 16%
Hawaiian ..... — 52 Makaweli ;.... 30 SOH
Honokaa 15tf — Onomea 23 —
Hutchlnson ... 15U — Paauhau 17H —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 130^131 Oceanic S Co. 43% 47
Cal Fruit Can. 516 97^ Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. — 100 Pac C Borax.165 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint .... 18- —
Mornins Session. '.
- — Bpard —
75 Alaska Packers' Assn ....130 50
50 Makaweli *.... 30 25
25 Market Street Railway 73 00
*10<Y> Oakland Transit Co. 6 per ct bda.118 87H
$5000 Oakland Water 5 per cent bonds. .102 25
115 Paauhau S P Co 17 75
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 62U
20 S F Gas & Electric Co., s 90 42 62V4
5 Spring Valley Water 85 75
.Street—
$7000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 106 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water 76 00
10 Market Street Railway 78 50
15 Market Street Railway 79 75
10 Market Street Railway 79 25
$7000 Oakland Transit Co. 6 per ct bds.119 00
55 Oceanic S S Co 46 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
$2000 S P Branch By 6 per cent bonds... 136 37U
5 Spring Valley Water .. : 83 50
. Street— tV *
5 Alaska Packers' Assn >130 50
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
500 Bear Flag ••¦• 06
£00 Cala-Standard ; 22
GOO Four S3
500 Giant 30
1 Hanford ......r 98 00
230 Hanford, Fresno, Kern River 05
150 Home 2 45
500 Monarch of Arizona ...\ 21
300 Occidental of West " Virginia 87
100 Peerless (b 90) 6 12*i
50 Peerless (b 60) 6 00
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev.. 7 87Vs
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev (b 90) S 37H
150 Sovereign 27
37 Twenty-eight .^130
Afternoon Session.
Board-
COO Bear Flag- : 08
250 Cala-Standard 22
600 Four 38
100 Home .* 2 45
500 Independence .;. 10
100 Occidental of West Virginia 33
50 Peerless 5 62%
.50 Peerless . (cash) 5 62H
50 Peerless -. 5 75
100 Wolverine : 70
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: -
Morning Session.
600 Alpha Con .. 04j 100 Con Cal & Va..l 95
H00 Belcher .... 08.1000 Ccn Imperial... 02
200 Best & Bel 13! 500 Confidence 1 35
1500 Best & Bel 12 1C0 Crown Point... 10
200 Caledonia 31 100 Ophir 81
300 Challenge 35 2C0 Sierra Nevada. 13
300 Challenge 3G 500 Yellow Jacket.. 23
. " Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 071 300 Caledonia 30
400 Syndicate ...... 071 -
Following were the sales on the Paelflc Stock
Exchange yesterday: » -
Morning Session. '
300 Belcher. '..• 08 400 Crown Point... 10
1200 Best & Bel..... 13 100 Hale & Nor.... 26
200 Best & Bel 14 100 Hale & Nor.... 27
100 Challenge "C6n.. 35 100 Ophir ¦ S2
1300 Challenge Con.. 36 600 Potosl 06
200 Challenge Con. . 32 300 Yellow Jacket.. 2S
200 Chollar 06 1300 Yellow Jacket.. 30
400 Con Cal & Va.l 93 400 Yellow Jacket.. 31
100 Confidence 1 45
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ........ 07 200 Crown Point... 09
500 Best & Bel 14 200 Hale & Nor.... 26
200 Caledonia ...... 23 100 Ophir 81
2C0 Challenge Con. 33 300 Union Con...... 13
200 Challenge Con. 34 800 Yellow Jacket.. 27
100 Con Cal & Va.l S3 :
"- CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Aug. 9—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask, - Bid. Ask.
Alpha- 02 04 Justice 05 08
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 02 04
Andes 03 in Cady Wash 01- —
Belcher .../..... 07 OS Mexican 14 15
Best & Belcher. 14 15 Occidental ...".. 03 04
Bullion : 01 02 Ophir S3 84
Caledonia ...... 80 35 Overman 09 11
Challenge Con.. 32 35|Potosi 05 C6
Chollar ......... 04 05 Savage ......... 07 08
Confidence .....1 23 1 30 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 90 1 95 Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 13 14
Con 'New York.' — 01 Silver HIM...... -85 37
Crown -Point..." 09 11 St. • Louis.. 06 ' —
Eureka -Con.... 10 — Standard ....... — S 65
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ......< 07 ; —
Gould it Curry. 13 14 Union Con...... . 13 14
Hale & Nor 25 28 Utah '. 01 • 02
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 27 28
A rtlvJdend o.' 20c per share will be ¦paid by
the Paauhua Sugar Company to-day; al&o divi
dends ai 7Ec . per share by the Giant Powder
Company, 60c per share by the California "Wine
Association. 25c per share by the Pacific Gas
Improvement Company. •¦-¦
The Contra Costa Water Company has de
clared a dividend of- 42a per share, payable on
th« 15th.
Business was quiet on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange and quotations showed
no change worthy of note.
In the afternoon Market-st. R. R. adranctd
to 179 75 and Cell rack to {79 25.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The thieves gained access to the office
through a window. . Several small steel
wedges and' jfiant caps/and a fuse with a
bunch of cotton satuoated i with glycerin
shown how the job was done.. There must
have been three 'separate explosions, as
there were three doors on the safe and
each-one. Was blown open. Wedges were
ir.serted Under the doors and driven in
until the doors were sprung enough to ad
mit the insertion of giant caps and gly
cerin. Then the fuse was ignited and the
explosion followed.
The doors of the safe were twisted and
torn to pieces. All cracks were. stopped
up with soap so that the explosive would
have the fullest force. A gold watch which
was in the strong box with the money
was not taken. After, the charges had
been Inserted under the doors the robbers
had carefully covered the safe with wet
burlap sacks, of which there were a num
ber in the building, and with a piece of
canvas which they had stolen from the
Joslin orchard, near town. • . . •' .
. Sheriff Veale came here this morning
and is making an investigation with Con
stable Sweeney. He interviewed one or
two suspicious characters, but they told
straight stories and were released, j
ANTIOCH, Aug. 9.— The -AntloCh Lum
ber Company'i safe was blown open early
this, morning and about $400 was stolen.
There Is little or no clew : as to the iden
tity of the cracksmen. It is possible that
the 'work was done by the Selby robbers.
The'gold stolen at Selby last Monday was
of-v&reat value, but it is of little use to
tlw robbers until they can market it, and
that will take time. The money taken
from, the lumber' company's safe was In
gold and silver coin and would be of im
nip«Hate use to them. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.^
After the- sales of 24,000,000 pounds of
prunes a short time ago the California
Cured Fruit Association withdrew all fruit
from the market, and for some ten. days
not a pound could be purchased. The
lock was broken this afternoon, for a time
at least, when the association entered the
market with prunes at the basis price of
3V4 cents. The association reserves the
right to advance the price or withdraw
fruit entirely and without notice. The
relations of the association with the
Packers' Company are strained, and this
may result in it entering the market and
selling directly to the trade and ignoring
the packers entirely.
Manager Hersey of the Packers' Com
pany refuses to discuss the matter. He
said the Packers' Company has desired
and urged for some time past \that the
contract relations between it an<4' the as
sociation be rescinded; and that*, he is
anxiously waiting- for the association's
terms. v . ; :. . . - .
SAN : JOSE, Aug. 9.— The differences be
tween the Cured Fruit Association and
the Packers' Company have reached such
a condition that the prune crop now on
hand will be tied upland the growers will
suffer. For the past few days there have
been no sales of fruit, although President
Woods of the . Growers' Association de
clares the demand is such there would be
no difficulty. in selling: a large quantity of
last year's prunes.' There Is but-little
chance of the row being adjusted before
the new crop comes on.
In a statement issued to-day President
Woods refers to the much-talked-of con
tract with the Packers'.' Company, made
June 30, 1900, under the terms, of which
the packers agreed to purchase the entire
crop of prunes controlled by the associa
tion. Payments were to be made in spot
cash before shipment. There was to be- a
daily- settlement between the two organi
zations of their business transactions.
The terms of the contract have not been
lived up to, and President -Wood says that
the Packers' Company is the violator of
the agreement. . - ¦ ¦ . . -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three Heavy Charges of
Powder 'Destroy the
Packers' Company and the
Association Are Not. in
Harmony.
Robber Enters Office at
Antiocii and Takes ;
—~ ¦'' Money
I . ¦ • .: -r ¦¦
Differences in San Jose
May Cause Loss to
Growers.
PRUNE CROP
AT STANDSTILL
Butter and Eggs are dearer, but Cheese shows
no change. ¦ ¦ • f.'-.t.
Meats and Poultry are about as before.
Fine, sound Fruit continues In lighter supply
than usual at this time of the year and is
sometimes hard to get. There Is plenty. of In
ferior Fruit to be had. however. There Is aa
abundance of Vegetables.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel ...:..J ©12 OO'Southfleld
Wellington .. 011 00| Wellington $ fflll 00
Seattle 9 00®-, ICoos Bay.... @ 1 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq. 45(350! Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 35@40| .dozen J5®30
Cheese. Cal ...12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern...l7@2O pound 154JM
Cheese. Swiss 20®33 Do. extracted... 8@10
Common Eggs 17ig20i
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@60 Turkeys, oer n>..15@20
Young Roosters. Ducks, each 40@5O
each 50@73 Geese. each...Jl 23<®1 50
Old Roosters, ea..40@50 Pigeons, pair 40<^50
Fryers, each 40@50 Rabbits, pair.. ...40@—
Broilers, each.....25@35 Hare, each .— ®20
Meats, per pound-
Bacon 15®1S Round Steak 10@—
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak 12Vi@—
Do, good 10® — Tenderloin do 15@ —
Corned Beef 10@— Porterhouse do..l7".;@2a
Ham 15@1( Smoked Beef 20@—
Lard — ©15 Pork, salt 10@12V*-
Mutton — @12 Pork Chops 15@1S
Lamb 12@— Pork Sausages. .12%@15
Pork, fresh 13@ — Veal 12@—
Fruits and Nuts-
Alligator Pears, Lemons, doi 20®30
per dozen $3®5 Nectarines 5© S
Apricots, per Jb... 4® 6 Nutmeg Melon*.
Almonds ..........15'??20 each, •••..••...... 5@ —
Apples 4# 6 Peaches, per lb... 3@ <
Bananas, doz ....15@25 Pears, lb 3© I
Blackberries, wdr.30@40 Plums, lb 4@ 8
Cantaloupes. each.lO@15 Pineapples. each..23@35
Crab Apples 4<t? « Raspberries. dwr.3CXS50
FIks, per lb 10-530 Raisins, per lb.... S@13
Grapes, per lb.... 5@10 Strawberries, per
Oranges, dor 25®50 drawer 23040
Limes, per doz.... 12^15 Walnuts, per lb-..15#20
Logan Berries, Watermelons. ea..lo@40
per drawer 40^50 ." . V-
Vegetables-
Asparagus, ner lb "©13 Leeks, doz bnchs. l5f?2O
Artichokes, doz...23<*T50 Okra, srreen, lb...l0i§20
Beets, doz ........10®— Green Peppers, lb 8@li>
Beans, white, lb.. 6®— Potatoes, per Ib-.ZM'Q—
Colored, per lb.. 5® — Sweet Potatoes. lb 5@ •
Dried Lima, lb.. 8© 8 Parsnips, per dz..l0@ —
Green Lima, lb.lOff— Radishes, ds bch.lo<*?20
Cabbage, each.,.. 5 IS— Sage, doz bnchs. .25030
Cauliflowers, each I®— String Beans, lb.. 4@ •
Celery, head S@ — Summer Squash,
Cress, doc bnchs.. 15@20 per pound 43> S
Cucumbers, doz...l0@lo Sprouts, per lb....— -&—
Egg Plant, lb 5® 8 Spinach, ner lb... 5® —
Green Peas, lb.... 3-^ 5 Thyme, doz bchs.25@30
Green Corn, doz..lO#20 Turnips, per doz.. 10® —
Lettuce, per doz..l5f?2i> Tomatoes, per lb. 4@ <
Onions, per lb.... 1@ 3
Fish— -
Baracuda 12H®— Striped Bass 15029
Carp —@— Sea Bass 15$—
Catfish 10@— Smelts ....12Vi^—
Codfish ..., 12@13 Soles S<@10
Flounders 8310 Skates, each 8@10
Halibut 12% / §15 Squid None
Herring ~^t~ Tomcod 10@—
Mackerel 13©— Turbot ....15@20
Do, horse 10®—, Trout 20@25
Perch — @ — Whlteflsh i...l0d9 —
Pompino 60® — Clams, gallon 50# —
Rockcod 15@ — Do, hardshell, lb 8@10
Rockflsh 15"*?— Grabs, each 15f2O
Salmon, fresh 20-325 Mussels, quart.... 5® 19
Do, smoked 15@4i> Oysters. Cal, 10O..4O#5O
Shrimps — 0 — Do, Eastern. dz.25@40
Shad 6@ 8
WRECKS SAFE
FOR THE COIN
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 19011
COMMERCIAL NEWS
11
, DATE.
, 1900. . 1901. ¦.
July 28. ..".........: 676 2920~"
July 29 .....J... * 624 ! 3440
July 80.. .'. ........"......: 624 3281)
July 31.. .-..* 572 * 3600
August I...' ..... 572 V 3440
August 2... :....... 624 -3760
August 3 .......................L ' • 624 3440 ¦
DATE.
DATE.
t SecondFeet.
1900. "/1901."
July 28
July 29...;
July 30..................
July 31.......................;....
August ' 1 . . .
August 2. ......'........".....;.....
August 3. .........................
t 3805
¦'. 3805 .
3805
3 2S03 ¦
3805 ¦;
.. 3805
¦ 3S05 •
30S0
X980
'. 8S80
39S0
•3980
3980
¦3980:
DATE.
1900.
1901.'
M'ngCo.
Canal.
Total
1901.
uly 28.......
uly 29 ;.
uly '.SO.......
uly 31.......
lusrust . l
lUKUSt 2
august 3.;.r.
152
• 202
202 .
262
. 152
• Io2
97
"1740, .
¦*. 1440 '¦•
' 1440 '
• '1440 - : ;
'. 1440 .
! 1300 ••
:l - 1200 I
ft 7 :
'• '7
7 ¦
7 •
p7,C
i 7"'
7-
: i ¦
1747
•1447
g 1447
*14t7
| 1447
1307
1307
DATE.
1900.
1901.'
M'ngCo.
Canal.
Total
1901.
uly 28.......
uly 29 ;.
uly '.SO.......
uly 31.......
lusrust . l
lUKUSt 2
august 3.;.r.
152
• 202
202 .
262
. 152
• Io2
97
"1740, .
¦*. 1440 '¦•
' 1440 '
• '1440 - : ;
'. 1440 .
! 1300 ••
:l - 1200 I
ft 7 :
'• '7
7 ¦
7 •
p7,C
i 7"'
7-
: i ¦
1747
•1447
g 1447
*14t7
| 1447
1307
1307
DATE.
t SecondFeet.
1900. "/1901."
July 28
July 29...;
July 30..................
July 31.......................;....
August ' 1 . . .
August 2. ......'........".....;.....
August 3. .........................
t 3805
¦'. 3805 .
3805
3 2S03 ¦
3805 ¦;
.. 3805
¦ 3S05 •
30S0
X980
'. 8S80
39S0
•3980
3980
¦3980:
, DATE.
, 1900. . 1901. ¦.
July 28. ..".........: 676 2920~"
July 29 .....J... * 624 ! 3440
July 80.. .'. ........"......: 624 3281)
July 31.. .-..* 572 * 3600
August I...' ..... 572 V 3440
August 2... :....... 624 -3760
August 3 .......................L ' • 624 3440 ¦
DATE.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
Y
*. ALAMEDA. REAL. ESTATE.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for Invest-
ors and houseseekers on easy terms or ex-
change for city cr country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
On* of the finest residences In the city; 13
rooms, S bathrooms, etc.: best location: fin-
ished in oak, blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decoratfd: lot £5x170 feet.
SPECIAL.
Two modern cottages. 6 rooms and bath:
r«ar station ; $1500.
A. R. DENKE.
Wcbster-Bt. Station. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURMTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BOWIE ave.. 6 J 4. off Eleventh— 3 sunny rooms,
hall and yard; rent $10.
EEVISADERO, 131H4— 3 or 4 sunny handsome-
ly furnished rooms for housekeeping; modern.
EDDT, 923—4 unfurnished sunny rooms; pri-
vate residence; no children: fine location.
EDDT. 839 — Large parlor; newly furniEhed; tis»
cf kitchen: no children; splendid location.
EIGHTH. 225—3 unfurnished eunny rooms for
housekeeping; water free; 110.
GEART. 669 — Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath on floor. j
HOWARD, 761^-Sunny bay-window euite with !
kitchen: others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1063—2 completely fur. eunny con-
nectir.g housekpg rms.; run. water; elec igts.
KEARNT, 104— Front suite; 2 unfurnished
rooms; newly papered; no children: J10.
LARKIN, 613—2 small family euttes for houee-
keeplng; reasonable; 73c gas for cooking.
MINNA. 111H— Bay window housekeeping room,
?1 i5; bay-window housekeepg. euite, tt 50 wk.
ICICE front tunny rooms for housekeeping fur-
rished complete, fl 75 to 12 per week. Apply
at ehoe store. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d.
POLK.^ 1002— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POST. 63S — I^arpe front room; running water;
light housekeeping; other rooms.
POWELL. M01-2 or 3 large sunny connecting
roon.s; sink; cas and bath; also single rooms.
SECOND, 212— Furn. rooms for housekp«r; other
rooms; clean and respectable; no children.
6OT.TH PARK. 114—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; rent $13.
TEITAMA. H — 3 housekeeping rooms.
THIRD, 334— Single and housekeeping rooms for
rent; yard for children.
Tt'RK. 123— Sunny rooms, newly furnished
light house keepi ng.
TURK, 5C3— Solar flats; fine; new: Chicago
etyle; 1 to 5 room Euites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; Janitor.
CLASSIFIED ad\-ertisements and subscriptions
received ¦•Sfc Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Urtfurn.
A— BACHEl/Sir Hotel. vTSAvorTet. ¦ Wnewly
furnished rooms. 60c up: electric lights and
call bells in every room; elevator, baths, etc.;
firet-clasg; central; quiet; gentlemen only.
AHL.BORX HOTEL-2T1 Grant ave.-Best $1 a
oay family hotel in city; polite attendance; (
large rooms. 50c up; meals. 25c; free coach. '
.A-BRCNSWIGK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms. ;
the to $1 per night; Jl 25 to to per week, and ',
Ugnt housekeeping rooms; open all night
ARQYLE, 234 McAllister— New. elegant, eunny;
grill attached: country visitors find no pladc
like the Argyle; take McAlMster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 2« Third —200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to ?1 night; phone Black 491J.
BRADT. 39. off Market— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, >6 and t7: private family.
BURNETT. 1126 Market " (old No. 1S64)— Fur-
r.ished rms.. suites, single.' also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished suncy rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDT. 156— A lady hac fitted up a new fur-
nished flat; would like gentleman to take
room or man and wife; sunny.
EDDT. 21P— Eles-ant parlor; also 'single and
double room: 16 and up.
FOLSOM. 820. near Fourth-Furnished rooms.
t\ per week.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 156— Nicely furnlsned
single and double rooms; t5 up.
HAIGHT. 122— Two or three perfectly appointed
housekeeping rooms; sunny alcove: for cou-
ple; gas range: telephone; references.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
et.. near Market-^Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
BOc per day and upward ; special rates by the'
week or month; Best in the city; references;
take Market-it, cable cars to Turk 6t.
KEARNT. 34. and 47 Post— Offices or eunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
LARKIX, TC7. near Ellis— Newly furn. front
room for gentleman; private family; (6 month
MARKET. 1015 CCew Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. $2 a week lyv. 35c a day up.
1IARKET, 1SC2 — Modern honse: furniture new;
gas grates; running water: all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and !
• t offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo. ¦
OXFORD. 271 OTarrolI— Furnished front suite
end single roonjs. $3 week up: transient. "»
ROYAL Hnu«=e, ~ty> Ellis— Incandescent light;
readlr.g-rocm. fmoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nfrht. Zlc to SI TO: week, $2 to
$S; month. SS to SI0: elevator en ground floor?
rooms v.-!th hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth et..
near Market— Furn!sh»<l or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. T32— Nice sunny clean suites and
single ntis.; run. water: bathe; phone; cheap.
THE r-KCILENE. a:n Van Ness nve.
P-achelors 1 apartment?: «-!"gant!y furnished;
s 11 i*oottif * rof^r^noffi,
VAX NESP nve.. R07— Newly rurnished rooms
at reasonable rates; also suite.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r»r-iv»fl at C:.\\ hrwnch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AM) SToAItD.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
eew management: modem: sunny rooms; ta-
ble board: unexcelled. Tel. Church lliL
HOTEL Repelier, 7S1 Rutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
CALIFORNIA. SC7— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel exceptional table:attractlve rms.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
:S pages, in wrapper, for tna'ilng. SI per year.
ROOMS WANTED. ~
fe.2 OR. 3 unfurnished sunny rms, nr. Market, nr.
town: ref. exchanged: 2 adults. Box 4ES4. CalL
FRriTy.%XE_jlOOMS.
FOR rent— Three furnished cr unfurnished
rooms. Fremont ave.. MME. DAUNET.
SPECIAL IVOTICES.
NOTICE— TV> are responsible for our photo
contracts and conpens as they Are printed;
positively no ¦"•rbal agreements with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co.. 3 Taylor st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
dtr or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION'
CO.. 413 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. tel. 55S0.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medlca-
tcr; trial free; eer.d for circular. S3S Mkt ,r. 8.
DISEASES and aliments cf men treated: eon-
roltstion free. American nigpenyary. S14 Pin».
SEWING MACHIMZS AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boucht. sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, cold, rented, excharged; re-
rsirlnc: lowest rates: phone Mint 4». 145 Sixth
_ STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
riEUCE-KUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
offtce Poet and Powell eta.; te.L Main 8713.
GOLDEN V.'EST Storage Warehouse. 840 MI«-
*ion nt.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
UEKISTS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission «C;
tel. tla:n 1840; shipping «l cut rates.
PACIFIC Horaee ana Furniture Moving Com-
pary. S2Q Flllmore Et.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
j GREAT BARGAINS^InTtYPEWRITERS— TVe
• sell better machines for less money than any
fc hou«e in the city: rentals. SS. The Typewriter
Exchange. E36 California; telephone Main 266.
HARTFOKD typewriters: new. $60; anti-trust:
all makes; used machines $10 up. 203 Eansome.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
107 POWELL ST.ncarELUS 25SE5O56
«»hanaIianFIorisfCo.
ARTIST4C FLORAL DESIGNS
. • Prices Reasonable^ ., ¦ '
C0MPAGHIE SENERALS TRA53ATLA!fTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -,*-
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of d*?55Ri
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, »->»ff«si
North River, foot of Morton street; •L'Aqul.
taine, August 15; La Xormandie. August 22:
La Bretagne, August 29; La Champagne, Sep-
tember 5. . ¦
¦ First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
Class to Havre, 145 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, !2 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Serew Express Steamers. -
PANAMA B. 1 Sf
TO NEV/ YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. ?105; Steerage. $40; Meals Fre«.
6. S. Argyll sails Aa£.
5. S. Leelanaw rails Monday. Aug. 28
6. S. Argyll sai's Tuesday, Sept. 24
From Howard street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
. F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
PERU ...: Aug. 161PALENA .Sept. 4
GUATEMALA.. Aug. 22 (COLOMBIA ....Sept. 20
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral - and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office^ 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
Wednesday. September 4. Wl
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1901
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. in
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting- at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing-
SS. AMERICA MARU... Saturday, Aug. 10, 13Q1
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only
Saturday, August 10. 2 p.m.
S. S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
- Thursday. August 22. 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. September 11 10 a. m.
J. D. SPBECKELS k BROS. CO., fisneral Agents. 327 IW St
tai'l Passenger Dtte, B43 Harkst St., Fiar la. 7. Pacifis St
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwera,
From New York Wednesdays, at 13 noon.
•Zeeland August 21 Vaderland Sept. 11
Frlesland August 28 Kensington ....Sept. 1»
Southwark Sept. 4 Zeeland Sept. 25
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO .
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
•Zeeland August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
St Paul August 2S St. Paul Sept. 1?
St. Louis Sept 4 St. Louis Sept. 23
AMERICAN LINE.
'JZV v 0*X. SCUTE "SP70 1 ?. LOVDON. P1B!.\
. Sails Aujr. «. IS, 28. Sept. 5. 15. M
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt-.l MonignVy. S.F.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDS BERTH and MEAL!
SS. COLUMBIA :
Sails Aus- 1. 11, 21. 31. Sept. 10. 29. 3ti
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
LOWEST HATnaS.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Phort Rail Lino from Portland to atl
rofnts Hnat. Through tickets to all
pclntn, «ll mil *••• «te«fns»M»> an<i rail, at
Only Steamahlp Xilns «o
O. /?. & N. CO,
Pacific Coast Steamship Go.
V Steamers leave Broadway
»t Wharf. San Francisco:
Boi^. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
jSJRgpBt^ August 4. Change to com-
fjB&^v!iw^3tl pany's steamers at Seattle.
IvSk BSfral For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
1 *«J«tf*!ftjSal c ->- Port Townsend, Seattle.
! fl5|ft-<fT2li Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
' t and New "tt'hatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Aug. 4 and every
fifth day thereafter. Chane©
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and Q. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
f cr N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
Aug. 5. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
reles)— 8t"amer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays. 9
a. m.
For Los Ani'lM. calling at Santa. Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucoa. Port HarforJ
(San Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and 'Newport (*Corona only>— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Ma*dalena Bay. San Jo»» dsl
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m,, 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves) the right to chan*«
steamers, salllrir dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice/
TICKKT OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hoten.
GOODAIX, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY ANB RIVER STEAMERS
F^uTsriAYY YARD AND YALLEJQ.
: Steamers GEN. FRISBIE:or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 o. m., except Suit-
day: Sunday. 9:45 a. in.. . 8:30 p. m. . Leaves
Vallejo 7 ¦ a. m., 12:30 - noon, 8 ; p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday,' 7 a. m.,~ 4:15 p. m. Fare SO
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
fice, oler 2. Misslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost J250. 1167
Market. b°t. 7th and 8th mother machines. '
dividend" notices.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Divldend No. 24 (20 cents
per share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day, August 15, * 1901. Transfer books closed
on Friday, August 9, 1901, at S o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary- \
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, Aug. 8, 1S01— Dividend No. 191, of
42 cents per Ehare on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be payable
at the office of said company, room 16, second
floor. Mills building-, on August 15, 1901; trans-
fer books will close on August 9, 1901, at 3
p. m. EDWARD McGART, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 32, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
etock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company. 435 Cali-
lornia et, San Francisco, on August 10, 190L
Transfer books close August 3. 1901, at noon.
A; A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. SO (twenty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market «t.. on and after
Saturday. August 10. 1901. Transfer books
closed on Saturday. August 3, 1901. at 12
o'clock m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for clothlngr and equipage.
Depot Quartermaster's office, 36 New Mont-
gomery st, San Francisco,. Cal., August 9,
1901— Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m..
Monday, August 26, 190L Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cham-
bray Shirts, Scrubbing Brushes and Mosquito
Bars. Bids will be opened for the delivery of
the same articles at either the San Francisco,
Boston. Chicago and Philadelphia depots, and
are for the same for which bids will be
opened at the other depots. To avoid mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of the
articles to be furnished, bidders will careful-
ly examine the standard samples and speci-
fications, so that proposals may be submitted
by them with -a full knowledge of what will
be required, as an absolute compliance with
the standards and specifications will be In-
sisted upon in the inspection of the goods.
Bidders upon the scrubbing brushes will be
I permitted to submit samples differing ¦ from
standard and specifications in order that a
selection may be made therefrom should any
of them prove to Ke equal to or superior to
standard. Bids upon samples differing from
specifications and samples upon which bids
are Invited, with the exception indicated, will
under no circumstances be entertained, nor
will unguaranteed bids be considered. Pro-
posals for less quantities than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids for delivery or in-
spection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliv-
eries are essential. Bidders must etate In
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being- equal (Including in the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and euch preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Proposals
No. 7365," and addressed to Major OSCAR F.
LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies, De-
pot Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgom-
ery St.. San Francisco, Cal.. August 3, 1901 —
Sealed proposals. In duplicate, will be received
at this, office until 11 o'clock a. m.. Tuesday
August 13, 1901. Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Stove and Range
Furniture. S. P. Elbows, Stovepipe. Ranges
Stoves, Coa4 Vases, Parts of Ranges • and
Grates. G. I. Boyers. Stove Bolts, S. P. Col-
lars and Stove Putty. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality heing
equal (Including in the price of foreign' pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon).
and such preference, will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent of
the consumption required by the public serv r
Ice there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals will be- furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be Indorsed
"Proposals No. 5458." and addressed to MA-
JOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster. U. S.
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
OFFICE of the C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. July 30. 1901.— Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. August 13. 1901, for furnishing and de-
i livery at Fort Walla Walla. Wash., 126 Stand-
ard Artillery Horses. Delivery to commence
wf)hln~thre« weeks after -award of contract
and to be completed within 60 days thereafter.
Preference given to animals of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of quality and price being
equal. TJ. S. reserves the right to reject any
or all bids or any part thereof. For further
information see circular tc( bidders or apply
to this office. Envelopes containing Qroposals
should be marked: "Proposals for Artillery
Horses." and addressed to the undersigned.
J. W. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Arthur Bennett, 35. city, and Mary E. Lyons,
->j. city.
Homer.Martln, 25, Oakland, and Lulu B. Mc-
Cray, 25. Oakland.
Joseph Martis. 22, 1 Cortland avenue, and
Ermine Bes, 16. T04H Mission street.
Richard O. Bliss, 27. 1581 Pacific avenue, and'
Margaret M. Dempsey. 23. 41 Bartlett street.
Ernest C. Sanderson, 40, city, and Flora E
Woods, 22, city.
Neils F. Karisen, 34. city, and Mathilda BJor-
ma:i. 20, city.
Ernst Werner, 50, 316 Devisadero street, and
Ludovica Nacel, 26, 3772 Eighteenth street.
Robert Pattlson. 26. 917 Connecticut street,
and Alice F. Haberlin, 23. 326 Duncan street.
David Franklin. 31, 1823 Sutter street, and
Bellrena Barnett. 22, 1630 Buchanan street.
, Robert M. Oliver, 36, city, and Jeannette
Vol^t, 24, city.
llRTHS-MARRIAGES- DEATHS"
Birth, death and marriage ' notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MABBIED.
CHITTENDEN— JANIS— In San Rafael, .July
20, 130L by the Rev. George E. Atkinson,
Paul H. Chlttenden and Jessie Janis.
MATHEWSON — CHADWICK — In Hanford,
August 7. 1901. William Warren Mathewson
of Stockton and Fannie Belle Chadwick of
San Francisco. '
O'BRIEN— WALSH— In this city. August 5,
1901. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Hannicran, J. M. O'Brien and Joseph-
ine C. Walsh.
WHEELER— HOWARD— In Spokane, Wash.,
June 12, 1801, by the Re\'. Mr. Wallace,
Frank L. Wheeler and Grace E. Howard.
DIED.
Anderson, Annie; McLean, Angus
Bendt, William McPherson, Jesse H.
Bruns, Herman Moorman, Dr. J. W.
Butts, L. G. Muller, Agnes
Dailey, Mary A. Nelson, Fannie E.
Ferris, Margaret O'Brien, Susan A.
Freese, John H. Opdyk, Minnie L.
Grimm, Matthias Pearson,' Richmond
Henley. James T. Pendola, Peter
Hoover, Mary . Phillips, Walter D.
James, Gertrude Tarlease, Charles \
Jensen, Karen Thomson, Peter
Kenney. Ellen ' Tyrrell, Joseph F.
Larson, Thomas Whittle, Matilda A.
ANDERSON— In this city, August 9, 1901, An-
nie, dearly beloved wife of Nicholas C. An-
derson, and mother of Emma . and Margaret
Anderson, a native of Iowa, aged 38 years 7
months and 9 days. „ '
BENDT— In this city. August 8. 1901. William
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
F* inp gt_j*gulnnient at Moderate Rates.,
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. * Telephone South '876.
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows'. Cemetery Association
- Point Lobos ave, S. P., Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting burials In • Ean
Francisco after the first day of August. 190L
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing lees harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead.
Permits to . cremate .will be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R.. FLETCHER. Manager.
(^Friends and acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' services
to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at ' the
residence, 4194 Seventeenth street. Interment
, I.- O. O. F. Cemetery.
TARLEASE— In this city, August 9, 1901,
Charles Tarlease, beloved son of Mrs. T. E.
Reddick, and brother of William Tarlease
and Erwin. Grover and Jessie Reddick, a
native of Virginia City, Nev., aged 25 years
' and 11 months.
THOMSON— In Oakland, August 9. 1901, Peter,
beloved husband of Sarah M. Thomson, and
father of Lucy F., David ¦ P. and W. Ed-
ward Thomson, a native of Milnathort, Kin-
ross-shire, Scotland, V aged 76 years and 9
months. ...- •.-..••• •¦• ¦
TYRRELL— In this ' city, August 7, 1901, Jo-
seph F., beloved husband of Annie Tyrrell,
father of Joseph, Henry, Edward and Wil-
liam Tyrrell, Mrs. J. B. McCann and Mrs.
J. V. Taylor, and brother of Jerome J. V.
Tyrrell and the late Mrs. John A. Whelan,
a native of Philadelphia, aged £5 years 4
months and IS days. A -member of Court
Zenith No. 21, F. of A. (Vallejo papers
• please copy.) :
tr7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late- resi-
dence, ' 14 Madison, avenue, off, Harrison
street, between Fifth and Sixth, thence to
• St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
'soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery- " "- .
OFFICERS and members of Court Zenith No.
21 F. of A., are notified to attend the fu-
; ne'ral M. T. ALLIMAN. Chief Ranger.
GEORGE HEALING. Secretary.
WHITTLE— In this city, August 9, 1901, Ma-
tilda A ¦ L. Whittle, relict of the- late Deer-
ine Whittle, and mother of Mrs.. M. E.
Moore and Albert. M. and the Rev. Henry
D Whittle. S. J., a native 01 Sussex, Eng-
land, aged 75 yearn 1 month and 21 days.
icy Friends are invited .to attend the sol-
emn requiem mass to be celebrated for. the
repose of her souK at St. Ignatius Church,
Monday. August 12, at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery? ' ¦
C^FHends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. L. . Valsantlacomo, 12S Fair
Oaks street, thence to St. James Church for
services. Friends are invited to attend a re-
quiem high mass Monday morning, August
12, at 9 o'clock, at St. James Church, Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero streets.' Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city, August 7, 1901, Wal-
ter D-, beloved 6on of D. W. and the late
Amelia Phillips, and brother of Charles W.
and Robert J. Phillies, a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years 10 months and 22
days. - (St; John, New Brunswick, and Bos-
ton, Mass., papers please copy.) ¦•
(C^Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
PENDOLA— In this city. August 8, 1901, Peter
Pendola, beloved husband of the late Mary
Pendola, beloved son of Caterina and ¦ the
late AKUstino Pendola, brother of Mrs. L.
Valsangiacomo, and brother-in-law of Mrs.
W. J. Patterson and Mrs. Peter Howel, a
native of San . Francisco, aned 34 years 7
months and 8 days. ' .
fTT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-.
dence, 337 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crors Cemetery.
OPDYK— In Oakland, at HIS Center street.
August 9, 1901, Minnie L.. wife of Frank
Opdyk, a native of San Francisco, . aged 31
years and 23 days.
PEARSON— In this city, August 9, 1901. Rich-
mond C, beloved husband of Mary Pearson,
and father of J. R. and Albert Pearson, Mrs.
Ed Carson. Mrs. P. Tormey, Mrs. J. M. Wil-
kens and Mrs. Mary Bridge, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 64 years 4 months and 16 days.
C^Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 427 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Castro . and Dia-
mond. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city. August" 9, -1901, Fannie
E. Nelson, beloved wife of George H. Nel-
son, loving mother of Bessie, George, Elmer
and Muriel Nelson, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. P. Dusran, and sister of Mrs. F. A.
Lasell and Thomas, James. Katie and the
late John Dugan, a native o^ San Francisco.
O'BRIEN— In this city, August 7. 1901. Susan
Augusta, beloved mother of Charles M.
O'Brien, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 71
years 1 month and 7 days.
(E"rFriend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the United
Presbyterian Church. Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third. Interment * Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Remains at the mortuary chapel
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2479 Mission street, near Twenty-first, until
12 o'clock Saturday.
McPHERSON— In this city, August 8, 1901,
Jesse H., husband of Ida McPherson, and
member of Oakland Tent No. 17, K. O. T.
M., a native of Wisconsin, aged 38 years 2
months and 18 days.
MOORMAN— In this city, August 9, 1901, Dr.
John W.,- beloved son of Alfred and Jane
"Moorman,'" and" father of John' W. Jr. 'and
Thomas M. Moorman, a native of Kentucky,
aged 59 years and 4 months.
MULLER— In this city, August 8, 1901, Agnes,
dearly beloved wife Phillip Muller, and
sister of Mrs. W. Werner, Mrs. R. • Werdan
and Franziska, Florentine, Phil O., Helnrich
and Theodor Muller. a native of Preussen,
Germany, aged 57 years 2 months and 29
days. . •..
(?""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully rnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
? Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence.
2255 Pacific avenue. Interment Mountain
View. Cemetery. Oakland.
KENNEY— In the City and County Hospital,
August 9, 1901, Ellen Kenney. a native of
New Jersey, aged 55 years. . '
LARSON— In this city, August 9, 1901, Thomas
Larson, a native of Norway, aged 67 years.
McLEAN— In this city, August 8, 1901. Angui
McLean, beloved husband of Annie McLean;
and father of Dr. A. D. McLean, Mrs. Mar-
paret Tupper, Miss Laura Howland and Wil-
liam A.. Charles, Chester A.. Freddie and
Vlnie McLean, a native of Scotland, aged 66
years.
[CrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to " attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 243 1-3 Tehama street, between
Third and Fourth, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, Mission street, between Third and
Fourth, for services, commencing at ' 10
• o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
JAMES— In this city. August 9, 1901, • Gertrude
James, beloved wife of D. B. James, and
. mother of Ellis E. James, a native of Lon-
don. England, aged 50 years.
JENSEN— In Alameda. August 9,' 1901, Karen
Jensen, beloved wife of Captain J. Jensen,
and mother of George C. and Charles P.
Jensen, a native of Denmark, aged 62 years
S months and 3 days.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Gunti Undertaking Com-
pany, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church.
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street,
where a solemn requiem high mass will -be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HENLEY— In this city. August 9, 190J, James
• T.. beloved husband of Sophia S. Henley, a
' native of Indiana, aged 47 years 10 months
and 27 days. /
HOOVER— In this city, August 7, 1901, Mary
Hoover, dearly beloved wife of John William
Hoover, and cousin of Mrs. James O'Donnell
and Mrs. Frank O'Brien of Chico, a native
of California, aged 32 years 5 months and
20 days. (Chlco papers please copy.)
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertakimc Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Internment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
DAILET— In this city, August 8, 1901, Mary
Ann. beloved wife of Thomas V. Dailey, and
mother of Josephine, Minnie and William
Dailey and Mrs. Ann Pauline Wales, a na-
• tlve of St. John, New Brunswick, Canada,
aged 64 years 5 months and 14 days. . . ¦ .
tt^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 12:80 o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence. 2817 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. Peter's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERRIS— In this city, at her residence, 3S12
Twenty-second street, Margaret, beloved
mother of John M. Ferris and Mrs. F. D.
Griffin, a native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged 64 years.
IC^Notice of funeral hereafter.
FREESE— In 'this city, August 9, 1901, John
H. Freese, a native of Bederkesa, -Hanover,
Germany, aged 63 years.
GRIMM— In this city, August 8, 1901. Matthias
Grimm, dearly beloved husband of Anna
Grimm, and beloved father of Mrs. William
Schreiber, Mrs. E. D. Rayner, Matt and
Adam Grimm and the late Frank A. Grimm,
a native of Germany, aged 6S years 7 months
and 4 days.
C7"FrIends and acauatntancei are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Marie Wohltmann,
215 Clipper street, between Noe and San-
chez, Twenty-fifth' and Twenty-sixth, thence
to Union Square Hall. 421 Post street, where
services will be held, under the ausoices of
the Germanla Club, commencing at 12:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BUTTS-In this city, August 8, 1901, L. 'G.
Butts, a native of Portsmouth. England,
aged 52 years. - ¦
Bendt, beloved brother of Dora Perkins, and
nephew of William H. Perkins, a native of
Germany, aged 68 years. ;a
C?Fr1ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .
BRUN*-In this city. August 9. 1901, Herman
Bruns, beloved brother of Mrs. Anna Ahreni,
Mrs. Marie Wohltmann and Henry,' John,
Claus, Helnrich and Dick Bruns, a native of
Germany, aged* 43 years ' 11 months and 2
days. ' . •.:¦,.THE SAK : FKA1STGI3CO r OALIi, SATURDAY, AUGUST .1 0, 1901.
ASPIRANTS FOR THE SILVER
AX OFFERED FOR ,WOOD
MEN DRILL TEAMS. .
The California. State Floral Society, held
its regular monthly meeting yesterday aft
ernoon at. Central Hall. 223 Sutter street.
President Emory. E. Smith gave an ac
count of , his recent trip through Lower
California. The society will hold a
dahlia exhibition next month, and it was
decided to hold annual flower shows, the
first to be in the spring of 1902. Mrs. F.
D. Mclllraich and Miss 1 Fanny de Boom
were elected' to membership. •.-••
State. Floral Society Meets.
The San Franciscans and those who will
go with them will leave by the 7 -o'clock
train.. Arrangements have been made to
return from Fernbrook at '4 in the morn
ing, so that those who so desire may be
landed in this city at 6 o'clock. There
will be also, a later train. • '
In Oaklandat the same hour there will
be a procession from the Woodmen's Tem
ple, on Twelfth .street, where the mem
bership of Oakland, .Alpha and Berkeley
camps with degree teams and candidates
will form in. line under ,the marshalship
of J. F.Kirk of Oakland Camp and march
to- the depot to! take; the. train, on which
they: will be joined >by the camps of Ala
meda County. In- the procession there will
be several "busy'day" goats.' " : ..
A- special-train". will reach. the park dur
ing the early, part of the ¦ evening with
the contingent .from Santa Clara and
Monterey ¦ counties. - It is expected- that
all trains . will have reached the park in
time to permit the initiation to be started
at half past 9 o'clock. , •- . • .
Camp. The. order of the parade will be
as follows: ., . ,
Grand marshal and escort consisting of
a platoon .of police officers who are mem
bers of Tamalpais Camp, Tamalpais
Camp's own brass band,. Tamalpais Camp
with condidates, Redwood. Progress and
North End camps. ! The • second . division
will be headed by the Golden Gate Camp
Eand, Golden Gate's degree team in uni
form and Golden Gate Camp, which has
a membership of. about 1300 neighbors, to
gether with 200 candidates. The largest
goat obtainable in. the cjty will be with
the Golden Gate' • contingent, profusely
decorated, and - : will bear a linen blanket
on which will be painted:- "This is Golden
Gate's Goat. Don't bother me; this Is my
.busy day." Then ' will come Mission
Camp, preceded by Its team and candi
dates. Western Addition team and camp;
Richmond - Camp,- the California Camp
Band, and California Camp with- stran
gers,' followed by the California Camp
Hayseed Band of thirty members, mar
shaled by Joseph A. Wilson, P. C. C. This
will be an aggregation of grangers who
will assume the functions of windjam
mers, as their only duty will be to blow
into monstrous instruments that will pro
duce any old sounds without regard to
accord or symphony. At the ferry the
Woodmen will . be joined I by the delega
tions that are to come by. special .train
from Mendocino,. Sonoma and Marin coun
ties. ..-_...
; The following officers were elected at a
meeting of the Academic Athletic League
held -last night at the Olympic Club-
President. Charles Harris; vice president
A. W. Osborne; -secretary, George 'A El
liott; treasurer, - Theodore V. Vosb'uiir
delegate to the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion, Herbert Hauser. It was decided to
bold the Academic League field day on
September 28 and the final footbali frame
011 November 16. .
Academic League Officers.
In the sick room. or on your sideboard Jesse
Moore "AA" Whiskey is Indesoensable. •
Vincent Biasioli, the boy who set^fire to
thefurniture in*a flat : af425 Dolores street
to get -the. insurance money, with the ob
ject of -marrying his sweetheart, Fannie
Rousseau. -s held to answer before the
Superior Cou^t by Judge Mogan yesterday
on the charge^ of arson. The Judge- fixed
his bonds in $2000.' A subpena had been
issued to secure the -attendance of Miss
Rousseau, but it could not be served upon
her. as she had gone to visit friends in
Santa Clara County.. ' .
Held on Arson Charge.
This week's News- Letter contains a
satirical column which will be ¦ read and
appreciated by members of the medical
fraternity. There is an extra long de
partment devoted to the Looker On's very
good stories. Mrs. Chauncey De Wit tells
about the best • gowned woman in - town,
and Lady Algy of something interesting
that happened at Monterey. The Street
Corner Philosopher describes . in rhyme
the troubles of the commuter, which are
many and laughable, according- to his
story. Every thinker should read the.edi
torial comment on the present industrial
situation, which is treated at length in a
manner., that . commands- attention. In
prose and verse the Town Crier has found
a fund of subjects worthy his sarcasm '?
To-Day's News Letter.
The appraisers were William Broderick,
T. J. "VVi son and C. E. Graham. The ap
praisers value their services at $70.50 each.
This State.
The inventory and appraisement of Col
lis P. Iluntington's California estate was
filed in the County Clerk's office yester
day. The inventory follows: Promissory
note of W. V. Huntington, dated May 17.
11W, for $417,564 64, with interest at 6Y2 per
cent per annum; lot corner of Julian ave
nue and Fourteenth street. $9500; four lots
in block 194, Oakland. $4000; lot in Santa
Monica. $2000; portion of Rancho Bocade.
Santa. Monica, $10,500. The total value of
the estate in this State is $443,564 64.
564 64 on His Property in
COLLIS P. HTJNTINGrTON'S
V HOLDINGS IN CALIFORNIA
Appraisers Place Valuation of $443,-
Volume 1, No. 17— Amount of solvent credits,
$5,177,397; amount of money, ?3,880.25Or amount
of other personal property. $32,132,688; total
valuation of personal property unsecured,
$41,190,335; total amount of taxes collected by
the Assessor. $625,253 31; valuation upon which
the Assessor collected, $38,475,053; valuation
upon which the Assessor was unable to col
lect, $2,714,682; total gain on collections made
by the Assessor, $23 95.
Volume 1, No. 54 — Amount of money and sol
vent credits, $28,721,753; amount of other per
sonal property, $53,505,022; total valuation of
personal i property • secured, $82,227,566; ¦ total
valuation of all personal property, $123,417,901 ;
value of real estate, $192,447,170; value of im
provements, $97,234,922; total valuation. ;2S9.
682,092; amount deductable on account of mort
gages, $48,077,827; total real estate subject to
taxation, $241,604,265; value of mortgages, etc.,
subject to taxation, $43,077,?27.
.Total personal property, $123,417,901; total real
estate • and improvements, $241,604,265; total
mortgages, $48,077,827; total valuation of assess
ment roll of 1901, $113,099,993.
Last. year's assessment was: Real es
tate, $288,530,615; personal property, $121,
624.659; total, $410,155,304.
Following is the summary of the valua
tions: i
jj Experts inVthe office ! of Auditor "Wells
yesterday, completed the revision . of . the
assessment books, with the result that
the total assessed valuation as returned
by, Assessor Dodge is reduced by $418,233.
When Dodge submitted the roll to the
Board of Supervisors he was very anxious
to report an increased valuation over.that
of last year. His clerks made the grand
total of the assessment $415,195,184. This
amount wag reduced by the Supervisors
sitting as a Board of Equalization by $1,
676,928, and Dodge's figures shrunk to $413,
518,226. Now the Auditor's experts have
reduced, that amount to exactly $413,099,
993. : ' 'i .
Auditor's Revision Shows a
Total Out of Just
$418,2 3a
Make Big Reductions in
City's Assessed
Valuation.
EXPERTS SLASH
DODGE'S FIGURES
Verus cures piles or $50, reward. All up
to-date druggists sell und guarantee It. •
George Alexander of the San Francisco
Newspaper Union secured . ¦ . a warrant
from Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon
for the arrest of . George P. Winford on
the charge of forgery. It is alleged that
Winford. who has been , soliciting con
tracts for advertising. , has , been forging
the names of,- firms ; to bogus contracts
and '. collecting' the commission amounting
to $240.' , Winford was arrested last even
ing. . .' . •-.• ¦•/ ..'¦ •. ...
Accused of Forgery.
; H. E. Silva. the interpreter, who . ran
amuck at the ferry Thursday evening and
threatened -to shoot Mrs.^M. F. Cochrane
of San Rafael, appeared before Judge Mo
gan yesterday on the charge of exhibit
ing a deadly weapon in a rude and threat
ening manner. Mrs. Cochrane was not
present in court, "and the case was con
tinued till August 13. Silva was in a very
penitent mood and blamed whisky for his
trouble. . -
Silva Is Penitent.
Lewis Morrison is slowly recovering
from the effects of his encounter with
highwaymen Thursday night. The veteran
actor sustained serious Injury and may
not be able to open his "Faust" season in
Buffalo September 2, as planned.
It was Morrison's intention to have left
yesterday for New York to attend pre
liminary rehearsals, and on Thursday aft
ernoon he drew 5400 from the bank for
traveling expenses. This money he had on
his person when attacked.
While he has no recollection of any
thing that occurred from the time he
reached the corner of "Van Ness avenue
arid Ellis street, just a stone's throw from
his residence, until "he found himself in
his wife's ; dressing room at the Alcazar
Theater, he has a faint recollection " of
crying for help and supposes the noise
frightened away his assailants.
Mr. Morrison's nose is broken, his up
per lip laid open some three inches and
one of 'his legs is badly sprained. His
hips, knees and shins are badly bruised
ami barked, and. he still suffers intense
pain in the region of the back of the neck
where the sandbag landed. He is denied
to visitors by the doctor's orders. The
news of his daughter's narrow escape at
Asbury Park from death by poisoning has
been kept from him. .
Injuries Received by Veteran Actor
May Interfere With His Open
ing in the East. *
KOBBEKS MISSED MORRISON'S
FOUR, HUNDRED DOLLARS
The pugilistic pot is beginning to boil
again. During this month a number of
contests, professional and amateur, will
be' brought off in this city. The National
Athletic Club has matched George Gard
ner and "Kid" Carter to battle twenty
rounds on August 30. At a previous meet
ing Gardner was given a decision over
Carter after twenty rounds of hard fight-
Ing. Both men have improved 100 per
cent since their first meeting, and the out
come of the coming fight is doubtful. Car
ter's splendid showing against clever Jack
Root in this city a few months ago has
made him very popular with local ring
goers. Gardner did not have much oppor
tunity to show the devotees of the game
what he could do on his recent appear
ance here, but he- gave them an inkling
of his caliber by outfighting Jack Moffatt
during their short bout.
• "Kid" - McFadden and Willie Snailham
will furnish the preliminary contest. They
will enter the ring weighing 115 pounds.
This will be Snailham's second profes
sional .fight, and his friends are anxious
to see what he can-do against McFadden.
The latter has deposited a forfeit to be
within the stipulated weight.
An effort is being made to bring Frankie
Neil and Eddie Hanlon together again.
Both lads are amateurs, but have shown
a disposition to enter the professional
ranks. Hanlon secured a well-earned de
cision over Noil when they fought before
the Bay City Athletic Club last month.
Neil is anxious for a return match.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
hold its monthly athletic exhibition next
Friday evening. The- following card has
been aranged: Rob Johnson vs. Mike
Maher 105 pounds, four rounds; Stub
Sutherland .vs. "Kid" Parker. Uo pounds,
four rounds; Fred Landers vs. Joe Brad
shaw. 120 pounis, four rounds: Jack Por
ter vs. Billy Cirr.128 pounds, four rounds:
George Erdalatz vs. Jack McCarthy. 130
pounds, four rounds; Jack Duffy vs. Pete
McGee, 135 pounds, four rounds: Mike
Curtin vs. Billy Toy. four rounds, and
"Cyclone" Kelly vs. Sid Hall, four rounds.
Interesting Preliminary to the Gard
ner-Carter Fight Arranged by
ITational Club. -
"KID" McFADDEN WILL
FIGHT WILLIE SNALLHAM
,'The only route having through sleeping
car service. between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 120 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
D. C. Sheerin will appear in his clever
character work. Messrs. .Kohn and Tor
res, "kings of the banjo," will be on hand
with the latest . in ragtime. Numerous
others, all popular favorites, will add to
the evening's fun. An entirely new ver
fion of that roaring 1 burlesque, "Quo
Vadis Upside Down," will be presented by
Messrs. Gilson and McCormick, with
"Tiny" George Shaw In the new role of
fair Lydgiaj . Dancing will start promptly
The members of the First Regiment,
League of the Cross Cadets, are making
preparations ' for an ! amateur" entertain
ment. . . . ;
Members of the League of the Cross
Arrange an Entertainment
and Dance. ' \
AMATEURS W3XI* .'. PRODUCE
"QUO VADIS UPSIDE DOWN"
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
to Marguerite C. Rush from Thomas Rush
for intf-mperajace. Agnes May Cappelmann
from John C. Cappelmann for desertion
and Annie M. Davis from Enos R. Davis
for desertion. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Joseph L. Holliday against Amy
Iv Ho'Iiday for cruelty. Andrew Jensen
against Jennie Jensen for desertion
Frederick H. Kimball against Minnie
Kimball for cruelty. Daisy D. Cronise
against Clement Cronise for failure to
provide, and Mary E. Weimar against
Michael Weimar for failure to provide
E. J. Dollard, Neil Power, i P. McCarthy;
"William Humphries, Joseph . McCusker, • Perry
Martin. A. Artleues. D. Martinez. P. Farrell.
Louis Kelly. W. O'Leary, C. H. Caulfleld.
Judge Kehoe, Joseph A. Orr, Fred Farmer and
¦W. Shaub.
The success of the entertainment was
due to the efforts of the following ; com
mittee: . . • . ¦ . -
Among those present were Rev. i Philip
O'Ryan, Rev. E. P. Dempsey and -Rev.
Father Ramm. .<:....
The committee had to do some figuring
to arrive at the victors ¦. and. sometimes
were delayed by reason of the fact that
some gallant player passed his card to
a fair one so that she- might have- a
chance to gain one of the I handsome
prizes awarded. In deciding on -winners
the committee counted the greatest,num
ber of points made instead of games won.
The winners of a. game would- move up
one table and- play the losers and in, this
way the partners were constantly chang
ing and the excitement was kept on the
increase. At the close of the successful
card party the tables and ' chairs were
cleared away and for more than, an hour
dancing was enjoyed. ¦ ¦ .. » ' . ¦ . .-
Whist: Ladles— First, Miss S. ConnllT;' sec
ond. Miss e. O'Connor. ¦ Gentlemen— First, J.
E. Werner; escond, James McCormick.
The hall presented a striking appear
ance during the pnogress of the interest
ing games. Seated at sixty-three small
tables placed in ,rows of nine were 252
players. The buzz of conversation could
be heard above the music .discoursed by
an orchestra. There were no disputes and
the committee, armed with punches,
passed from table to table and credited
the players with the number of points
they were entitled' to. "¦
Prizes were awarded to the following
ladies and. gentlemen:
Euchre: Ladies— First, Miss A. O'Reilly; sec
ond. Miss Margaret Keegan. Gentlemen— First,'
\V. E. Dorn; second. J. E. , White.
One of the most interesting entertain
ments held in this city in many months
was a progressive whist and euchre party
given last night in Golden Gate Hall by
Cathedral Council No. .59, Young Men's
Institute. The affair was highly success
ful and netted the organization more
than $150, which will be devoted to pre
paring a handsome booth for the Cathe
dral bazaar, which is to be held the latter
part of next month. ;
The "doom of the farmer" ¦ was the
theme of discussion at the afternoon ses
sion. Mr. Sproule claimed that if oil rates
.were reduced so much oil would be forcea.
into the market as to reduce the price
of coal and make it unprofitable for ves
sels carrying coal to come here and expect
a return cargo of wheat. : Quoting • from
the report of the secretary of the Produce
Exchange,. he said that 387,136 short tons
of wheat were exported in 1901, and 70 per
cent of this amount was carried away in
foreign ships which had come here laden
with coa}. . . ¦ -, -, . . -- . ¦ ", ..-:,.'.
Questions as to the factors that deter
mine a freight rate were hurled at Sproule
by Attorney Short. Whether "value" en
tered into the consideration of ! the freight
rate making took up the greater, portion
of the session, and a long, dissertation by
Sproule .on : this subject made jit I neces
sary to take an adjournment- until this
morning. The arguments will not be
heard until next week.'
Ah the oil moved from all the oil dis
stricts of the State for the year 1901
amounted to 250,983 tons. ¦ Of- this amount
92,889 tons was turned over to the Santa
Fe, leaving 159,094 to be hauled by thsj
Southern Pacific Company. The" average
was fourteen carloads a day. The com-'
bined movements of oil amounted- to' 6324
carloads, averaging seventeen, a day.
From the sidings, the' Southern Pacific
Company hauled 126,000 -tons, equivalent
to 5040 cars, 420 cars per month - or four
teen, carloads a day. • On '. each . car - a
switching charge of $5 was made. ¦ •
It developed that local merchants who
desired a carload of freight . moved to a
private warehouse in .the city, a distance
perhaps of only "two blocks, were- com
pelled to pay -a switching charge of. $2 50
a car,- and if loaded at the same ware
house a similar charge was made f when
it ; was removed again' to the mairiMlne."
Mr. Sproule. claimed that ;; these charges
were made by. all roads. ¦ .. .¦ ,.',:. •' ...,-'
How It Affects the. Farmer.^ ¦•'
The matter- was allowed to drop, ¦ and
attention was turned ' to a consideration
of rates charged in Eastern States with
a view, of comparing them with Califor
nia- rates. Lima,' Ohio, an important cen
ter in the oil fields of the East, was taken
as a basis and rates from there to Chi
cago, Moline, 111.; • Davenport and Des
Moines, Iowa; St. Paul, Minneapolis 'and
Kansas City, all known as short/line- dis
tances, were quoted to prove that -in- no
instance was the rate less than 1 cent per
ton per mile. In all cases, Mr. ; Sproule
claimed, there was competition in these
rates by one. or two lines. OH" rates" in'
Texas and Pennsylvania were quoted for
a similar comparison. " ./ ....
Cites Eastern ; Rates.
"You car. have them if you \ want, to
stand the expense," said Mr. Herring "and
we will place every facility in your hands
for getting rthe information."
"That would take a large force of clerks
several weeks," responded Sproule. "It
would take eight or ten men two weeks
at least to cull out this information.".:, ,' *
"I think' the commission should ''be' in
possession of these figures," said Short.-
William Sproule, freight traffic manager
of the Pacifie division of the Southern
Pacific Company, was the only witness
called before the Railroad Commissioners
yesterday in the oil rate investigation.
Mr. Sproule's testimony comprised a mass
of figures, representing the earnings of
the different sections . of the" road. As
they were being read by Mr. Sproule, At
torney Short requested that they be so
segragated that- he might be enabled- to
get at the particular ones representing
the earnings of the lines from, the oil
fields to San Francisco. ¦'¦'¦.' .' • S
The deputies who have been deprived of
their pay for the past four months are
disheartened, and it is not likely that they
will take the case to the Supreme Court.
Tax Collector Scott notified Mayor Phe
lan yesterday that he would accept the
deputies certified to him on Februarv 11
last from the civil service eligible "list
Scott's course necessitates the dismissal
of the following named deputies: Harry
M. Baehr, John G. Fitzgerald. B. I. Salo
mon. James McCabe. Al Lewald, George
Fiddes, J. K. Jones, W. Vallette. William
Howe. James ''oon^y. Herman Enkle and
F. M. Kelly.
Of the foregoing Salomon. McCabe and
Jones are on the civil service list certified
to Scott for appointment and they will be
reappointed as deputies, together with the
following named: Richard J. Curtin, Os
car 1^. Tuttle, William I. Reardon. George
A. McCalvy, George Varcoe, Edwin R
Tripp. Edwin R. Zion. Frank RIttigstein
John A. Lenahan. Charles H. Squires and
Iiiram P. Goldstein.
Beplace It With Fourteen
Eligibles.
Will Discharge His Old Force and
SCOTT AGHEES TO ACCEPT
CIVTL SERVICE DEPUTIES
Oil Inquiry Brings This
Expression From
Sproule.
Gives Party in Aid of
a Bazaar.
Young Men's Institute
CHEAPER RATES
BAD FOR FARMER
Gate camps and the members of the sev
eral camps. William Blaisdell. past
council commander of. Calumet Camp, will
bo the grand marshal, and his aids will
be. Colonel Z. T. Whitton of • Redwood
Camp and W. B. Wilson of San Francisco
The Pacific Fox Terrier Club is the first
to announce its list of special prizes to
be offered at the coming Los Angeles
show. The specials will take the form of
cash prizes in the following amounts-
Five dollars each for the best dog and
best bitch, and the same for the best doe
puppy and best hitch puppv.
It is understood that the chairman of
the bench show committee will be Mr.
Bryon. The superintendent and manager
of the bench show is John Bradshaw, with
offices at Geary street, corner of Central
avenue. Mr. Bradshaw will take a large
string of dogs to the Los Angeles show,
among them being E. Courtney Ford's fox
terriers, Albert Joseph's bull terriers and
Boston terrier. O. O. Heydenfeldt's bull
terriers, possibly including the latter's
celebrated Champion Woodcote Wonder
and many others.
President. E. T. Wrieht: secretary, F. G.
Teed; treasurer, H. J. Flellman: directors — C
E. Decamp, H. J. Fleishman. E. T. Wright.
S. X. Androus, G. B. Barham, C. M. Baker
N. A. Covarrubias and Martin Marsh. The
secretary of the dog- show Js David J. Sinclair,
room 2CS. V26 South Spring street, Los Angeles.
There is a great deal of Interest being
manifested in the coming bench show to
be held in Los Angeles. Local fanciers in
tend entering their dogs and many ken
nels of this city and viclnitv will be rep
resented. The officers of the Sixth Dis
trict Agricultural Association, under
whose auspices the show will be given,
are as follows:
Conduct the Affair.
cultural Association Who Will
Officers of the Sixth District Agri-
BIG BENCH SHOW TO BE
HELD IN LOS ANGELES
CARD PLAYING
ON BIG SCALE
p-rp^ HIS afternoon and to-night the
I Woodmen of the World will flock
I into the forest of Fernbrook Park
11 from all parts of the country.
There will be trains with Wood
men from San Francisco, Marin, Sonoma
and Mendocino counties, from • Oakland,
Alameda, Centerville, San Leandro, San
Lorenzo, Santa Clara, San Jose, Monte
rey and various other points. All of these
Woodmen will be accompanied by many
strangers who want to get a taste of
woodcraft at the great initiation that will
be held In the forest, which will be Illum
inated to-night after 9 o'clock. More than
1300 names have been enrolled for this
event, which has been designated as "the
world's greatest Initiation." This is part
of a series of great initiations that were
started in the Pacific jurisdiction some
time since, and that California leads is
shown by the following figures of appli
cations received and approved during July
at the head office: California. 1319; Colo
rado, 903; Oregon. 894: Washington. 692;
Ltah. 110; Montana, 104; Wyoming, VS;
Idaho, 24: Nevada. 3; total, 4127.
The Woodmen of the ten local camps
will form in procession at Pioneer Hall
at half past 5 o'clock this afternoon to
march to the ferry. The parade will be
made up of the degree teams of Calumet,
Mission, \\ estern Addition and Golden !
Dimmick was seen last Thursday even
ing in the Union League Club somewhat
under the influence of liquor. He re
marked jocosely to ¦ Assistant United
States Attorney B. L. McKinley that the
attorney might be prosecuting him soon
in the Federal courts. He said further
that he was surprised that he had not
been arrested for the robbery of the Selby
Smelting Works also. i
Court Commissioner Heacock issued the
v-arrant for the arrest of Dimmick and
Chie! Hazen started out about 4 p. m. to
search for the accused.
The complaints charge that Dimmick
while employed in the Mint and entrusted
with the sums named feloniously and
fraudulently embezzled the same and con
verted them to his own use. The story is
not told in the complaint, but is to the ef-
IVci that Dimmick used to draw from
Cashier W. K. Cole the sums named in the
complaint for the ostensible purpose of
paying the Selby Lead and Smelting
"Works for lead pipe furnished the Mint.
Instead of paying the Selby people it is
alleged by the Secret Service people that
Dimmick kept the money for three months
or thereabouts, replacing the sums when
n.<aking up his accounts with the Gov
ernment each quarter. The Mint also
furnished the smelting works with blue
stone and took in exchange lead pipe, the
value of which Dimmick is accused of
having collected from Cashier Cole and
appropriated.
United States Attorney Woodworth said
yesterday that all ttte small sums named
had been replaced by Dimmick from time
to time after using the monev, but that
that fact did not exonerate him from the
charges of embezzlement-
Secret Service Agent George "W. Hazen
¦wen' before United States Court Com
missioner Heacock shortly after 3 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and swore to a com
plaint charging- Walter IC. Dimmlck, ex
chief clerk of the Mint, with embezzling
$30,000 gold coin, the property of the
United States Government- Frank Leach,
superintendent of the Mint, also swore to
a batch of complaints accusing DimmicK
with embezzling various sums of money
in the latter part of 1899 and the early part
of 1900. The sums are as follows: 5362 47;
$4% 67; $418 42; $374 49; $366 89; $364 08;
$43S 37; a total of $2790 39. •-':,"". :
Also Stands Accused of Em
bezzling Various Sums *
From Institution.
Former Chief Clerk at
Mint Is Accused of
WARRANT OUT
FOR ARREST OF
W. H. DIMMICK
12
Members of the. Graft- From All wOver^the i Statev-Will- Betake
1 Themselves-to the Forest With Bands : of Strangers Who Will
Venture Into the WHds to] Undergo the Pf^
WOODME N OF THE WORLD W ILL HIE
THEM TO FASTNESSES OF FERNBROOK
of our 20c ALL SILK |k^3 jm HSrC »jS 25c SATIN BELT HOSE
FANCY.RIBBON- w¥b S%K-*^^< SUPPORTERS, aU
l62u Yaro. 18c.
• When you get our goods. home and you think they are. not just right
•-•V. . , ; •. .; bring them .back and we'll refund your money.
t Women's Wrappers. .¦.+ : Corset Tak.
' To-day .we'ir pell the --last lot of Whether you pay us 35c or J3 for a cor-
j, WOMEN'S V PERCALE WRAPPERS." In .. set, REMEMBER THIS- You can wear
. dark, or illght colors, sizes 32; to 44-j-these . same: 30- days. If, dissatisfied return old
iCTd^^Sa^S^p^ ferfrit^l&i^ - W one FREB
QQp 'For.'a BETTER WRAPPER than . ,. ¦¦¦'''.-
VOV-.-you' pay 91.3O for elsewhere; On Sale To-Dav.
. they're .-made- of, best percale, with deep , ,-. „ ~^W~. u "''
- flounce, bretelles over shoulders, stylishly . .. Our oOc CORSETS at 35c "
. made, trimmed with braid, waist and ' Our 7oc CORSETS at KOc
'pleevps lined, colors "of Navy Blue. Black . _v. fl Qur?l. CORSETS; at 75c
and White, Pink and New Blue Stripes, «e 11 give you a chance to-day to buy
; i. mourning- and > half-mourning colors. - our rHOMPSON'S STRAIGHT-FRONT
4O r For your choice of any of our u^ nua^lly C^ R . SET ' the $I.()O
*+w5C.-fl5 C - NIGHTGOWNS, made, of '• *\ °, <iuallt y' at.............. <J>1«W
. best muslin and trimmed with embroider- . » ¦ ... • o - •
; ies and insertion. ,.,. ,_¦_-, . _ ts.? ; A Llltle OlOty
WOMEN'S. MUSLIN: DRAWERS,' trimmed About a lot of SILK WAISTS which
'¦¦,'. with tucks, .ruffles or hemstitch- f7r* S we- bought from a manufacturer who
lng;regular price S5c. On sale It v was in need of ready cash. These'
• -' ' " ¦¦"«¦'¦ 'V ¦'•c "• " "" waists- are- made.- of 'good taffeta
i'Here S a Snap Iff sn * and very . effectively trimmed;
¦Children's, Woolen Presses. r^y 11 iSwn man marked
Made of good- materials -In', solid colors *5.50. Our price to- CO Aft
*and plaids, lined throughout: many of aay «UO»' t tO
„ these dresses are. worth $3.50: we only have "WOMEN'S CHAMBRAY' WAISTS front
. a' few dozen to sell. They're |j?1 sn back and sleeves tucked and hem-
_: al.llqni.one table- at...... : :.. C*ttJl/ stitched. . In cojors of Reds. Blues and
¦ ACCORDEON-PLAITED UNDERSKIRTS Tans; regular price $1 5a ; On QQ r
. all, shades;, sold - at ?1. 00.- On AGr^ sale *7OW
, sale, to-day ' tOU Another lot of WHITE INDIA LINEX
:: rwiJ '• » ivt-*.'""! ••••¦ n ¦ : WAISTS, front 1 of .allover lace, tucked
Children s ;White. Lawn Dresses. back, new sleeves, $1 75 value. oCr»
.;|Made ! 'of : good lawn.' trimmed ; with - lace.- . ° n aale aln :- ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦. *7O^
reinsertion and hemstitching." We've taken ¦ c „
.;•;.- our t 75c, to- »O<V dresses • and ; placed ' opec al uarqaiHS.
' them on sale to-dav_ s tzes . Mo.^Qg. DIP BELTS-On sale to-day, the latest
8-at ................................ r*yy : novelty;- Satin Dip Belts, whalebone
'¦' ¦'• ' ¦' Hncipru Rnrnaiflc ' * • pack,- - gold ¦¦ or - silver dip <buckle; sell-
nosiery Bargains. ing all.over 75c to $1. Our sale AC\r*
'.¦•Will sell to-day BOYS' HEAVY RIBBED 'price;..:........ .............;.. Ht}Z
SCHOOL; HOSE, double knee, heel . and | Q p v For regular ; 35c '; V? O ME N ' V
toe, sizes 6-to- 9%; same kind'you lot , H E A V Y " w E I G H T LO\r
usually pay ;3Oc: for. 'On sale - I Ql^. . SLEEVE UNDERVESTS. oT^^-""
WOMEN'S : BLACK '. HOSE. ' unbleached 49C ' FlWnCe" WC)MEN°S U FT^"
: feet; our 20c : quality.; p On \^ C V NEL UNDERSKIRTS .c'oFors^of^h^;
. sale; • Pair M^r2s^ i. Blue or Cream.,- . -
-.WOMEN'S^: FANCY .iHOSE.. stripes.- "polka Q4 r For regular 40c' CHILDREN'S
.dots -and- scroll effects; - sold |ff/> ¦ . .Ar*TV» SELF-FITTINO TITCnvRVTrSVc
elsewhere Sue- Our price.. Pair IOC Pants orfDrawers, any size, samlpricl:
OPEN TO-NIGHT UNTIL II O'CLOCK- ' "
1212-1214, MARKET STREET,
' ! .,' i BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONES.
Sf.i per Year.
THE WEEKLY CALL
LOWEST PRICES
EVER MADE
WALL PAPERS
FIGURED paper Sc per roll
GILT •• 5e "
EMBOSSED •• .*....10c • ••
Q. W. CLARK & CO.
653 Marlcet Street. .
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
GRANULATED Best Cane SUGAR, 20 t'lbs $1
Extra Dry Sugar. SaXurday Only."
TOMATOES, solid pack, 4 cans :25c
Extra Quality. Reg. 10c can.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. -35c
Limit 3 Square?. Ree. 43c.
BEST MISSION EG6S, dozen 25c
Gathered Daily. Reff. 30c.
MOCHA and JAVA, our best Coffee, Ib 25c
We have the Best Coffee in the World— our
friends say so.
Res. 23c pound.
OLD PORT and SHERRY, qt bot 25c
I Extra Quality "Wine. Ras. 4Co.
SNIDER'S Extra Tomato Soup, Mb can I2!c
Rejrular 20c can. »
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, Ib .40c
Six Kinds. Reg. 60c and 73c Ib.
RASPBERRY GRENADINE SYRUP, qt bot 30c
Strawberry Vanilla. Reg. 40c.
PEARLINE, 3 Mb pkgs 25c
Reg:. 10c pk£.
ZINFANDEL and CLARET, stone jug- . .75c
Kifrtit Years Old. Reg. $1 gal.
MASON'S JARS, quarts, doz :75c
Reg. OOc.
PINEAPPLE, whole, 3Hb can 22ic
New Arrival. Heavy Syrup. Reg. 30c.
h W- HARPER'S WHISKEY, gal $3.00
Extra Fpeclal. 10 Tears. Reg. $i.
TOILET PAPER, 4 large rolls ....... 25c
Reg. 10c. 1C0O Sheets per Roll.
Ghirardelii's Ground Chocolate. Mb can 25c
Reg. 30c.
BROMANGELON Dessert Jelly, pkg 10c
Reg. 15c.
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, Mb can 20c
KIPPEREd'hERRING, large can 20c
Special Request. Reg. 25c.
Sweet Cakes, figftar, cocoanut taffy, Ib I2&
Lemons, Nic-Nacs. Reg. 15c and 20c Ib.
Our Country Customers
Can take advantage of thesw "special" sales
"We ship free of charge within 100 miles, ori
all orders exceeding $3. Ask for monthly
price list— free. J
I34&-\W4. Market «tre*»t.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. Xo Branch Store*.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Market St, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate. '^^'^Z^^'^J^^f /sSl
To-day Ninth Stone of the Business Build- "«*******^ j£r^ki'P^&&A
. . ing Movement. • J%r^S J&?bh%
Satisfaction.
That's back of every sale we make. g oft W
We think really more of that than we <0[ j&T ,& » ' 6?
do of your rnoney. - If you are satis- tr^^&r^- j? ' \ \f>
fied we know we will get your money. J)&^ ,? (0 Po
So if you have the slightest grievance %7_ jr ;|v W
tell us of it. Give us a chance to make "" " : ' " _pj^ H ft»
it right. We will if it's within our ?frM
power. We • don't : think of theex- '>5Q»
pense or trouble in our endeavor to make you satisfied. That's- vO^
what we arehere for. We are going to make this a "Best Store" Xo 60
—Your Store — yours by choice. . ; ;"• . j>?X*
We're building this month. Here's some good material. |{jf|
Po!ka-Dot Stockings |||t
For Children, 15c. ji||
. We'd get more for "them if it wasn't that we want to make |A|I
.'you think a good deal of us. - Cot
1200 pairs just opened up. Like getting a drink of water in \..»J
the desert. Been a polka dot famine in town, you know: My,
won't they gulp these up quickly! -> ' ft-ji
The dots are in the yarn— they'll stay there as long as y
the stocking lasts. i ~~;
Mail and telephone orders will be filled while goods last 4$dT/S m
CHILD'8. 10: a pair. $1.10 »doi- LADIB3' 20o Hose. 15o. **%*>*;rtr*
Fine ribbed, seamless back. Plain blacks, excellent TaCTIOfl .
good weight: as long as the weight: longer and wider ', ,
longest and -more elastic, than common; narrow at the
5»/2 to W-. foot and ankle: the tops are 1nf£*(f—
BOYS', i2^e » pair, $1.38 *doi. elastic. Sizes 8^ to 10. . 4"'Gg
Bicycle stockings, heavily Bieh.li.u Fibbsd. 12^ep»ir. $1.33 do. ritV
ribbed: longer than usual and Ladies' fast black cotton 1 *^
more elastic; knees, heels and stockings; double heels and i' ¦ " " '
toes double. Sizes 6 to 10. toes. Sizes 8% to 10. Tinfimnt
50c Belt Buckles 15c. [ness
Don't you believe it? You'll be sorry for it if you j' " i ~~"
don't. They are going to go like straws before the wind. JV© W
Only 200-^not more than twelve alike. Gilt, Oxidized or o-**-***,**
Silver— bright, pretty, perfect. In dip effects— the kind you &TO~&
-always like best and which we've in regular stock now at j» ¦ ¦ . ¦ .»"»
50c. So this is unusual — 15c, but no more so than /Ts>#^>/>^/
35c Pleated Satin Belts Marked 20c.
1V4 inches wide, black only. Buckles are gilt or oxidized or tlQSS
silver. They are the same neat and dressy ones we have been V Mi . JL L . . n ,,,'
been selling right alojig for 35c— now 20c. 1
12,000 cakes Toilet Soap ic each fraffon
To-day for First Time. \
It's an excellent soap, too — don't judge it by the cent. »^- " > --
It's cocoanut oil soapi — lathers finely and freely. - Takes Pj[Of76\f
¦ values to build up a business. &v***J^-
P \BbCK
Our^scMen's Neckwear 19c \q oo h
It is the most tempting offer we know of, even at 23c. _ - -
They are as good value as any dressy man could expect to GfiOfi^
, get. "We have marked them 19c to make an indelible impres- < "^ vuc>
slon on everybody who buys them; we want you to be sure aiiiiii'i'iniriitiiii'iiiiiiiiiiiB
to think of us again when you need neckwear. That's the TAF*~l
way we build. . W G
TRCKS BATTINGS Thrill i \
FOUR-IN-HANDS BOWS VV 1 H I '*
In an excellent range of colorings; dark j >' • V- —••'.->•%• '
and light effects; patterns and styles L>v£^ » l^?.\r V^)A :
you all want. Some 30C pieces all told. ~- - 3 -^-.J 3 CU^X-1 * v o^*
B PARKER'S
__„ S ALSAM
< Promotes the growth of the hair and
<| gives it the lustre and sllldness of youth.'!
(•When the hah* is gray or laded tt <*
Ji BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. !?
*', It prevents Dandraff and hair faffing |
J and keeps tne scalp clean and healthy ! !
I It Doesn't
I Follow
B Because most people's eyes look
« ilike that therefore they ARE alike.
I Io point of fact, but few ptrssas
S have both eyes alike. Hence, if
H you fit yourstlf with glasses, you
a wil surely make a. serious. mis-
B t2ke. We are able to fit you, be
g ceuse with us it is a matter of
m scientific accuracy — the result of
S leng and careful training.
SiSTAKDiBPOPTj&LGo.
I ?C7 Kearney 5T.~ Tnnciscc