VOLUME XC— NO. 160.
DEFEAT OF REPUBLICAN TICKET GENERALLY ACCEPTED AS REBUKE TO HERRIN,
BURNS, KELLY AND CORRUPT CORPORATION RULE IN MUNICIPAL POLITICS
CITY AND COUNTY OFFICIALS WHO WERE CHOSEN BY THE VOTERS OF SAN FRANCISCO AT THE ELECTION ON TUESDAY.
Removal of the Revenue
Collector Regarded
as Certain.
THE result of Tuesday's election is
accepted cheerfully by Republicans.
Many of the leaders who did not take
an active part in the campaign de
clare that the defeat of Wells will be
accepted throughout the State as di
rect and scathing rebuke to Herrin,
Burns, Burke, Lynch, Rainey. Gunst,
Go:dberg and the smaller fry of the bosses
who sought to attach the Republican par
ty to Hcrrin's bunch of corporations.
I Y'hen the election returns are carefully
» studied it will be found that 10,000 or 11,00)
Republican voters supported Schmitz. Of
The San Francisco Call.
this number fully 5000 voted against
Wells and for Schmitz in order to rebuk?
the bosses. It will be noted also tha.
Wells last Tuesday did not receive as
many votes, including Democrats and Re
publicans, as were thrown for the Repub
lican ticket at the primary election last
August. The conclusion is irresistible that
Herrin, Burns, Kelly, Crimminß, Rainey,
Lynch and Burke engaged the services
of 5000 or 6000 Democrats to create the
Republican nominating convention. The
fact that the Democratic ticket at th^
primary election received less than 4000
votes was then accepted as a sure indica
tlon that Democrats were actively med
dling in the affairs of the other party.
Last Tuesday Tobin received three times
as many votes as his party ticket re
ceived at the late primary election, while
Wells fell below the Republican primary
strength. Herein is the proof conclusive
that the 8500 votes cast by the Republican
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
Election Returns Show That Asa R. Wells Did Not Receive as Many Votes
as Were Cast for the Republican Ticket at the Primaries,
Showing That Democrats Then Voted With the Push.
Primary League comprised very nearly
all of the tru* Republican vote of th-i
primary election.
Analysis of the Vote.
Analysis of last Tuesday's figures shows
that 8000 or 9000 Democrats voted for To
bin. Politicians figure that 11,000 Demo
crats voted for Schmitz and 3000 for Wells.
This gave a Democratic vote of 23.000.
Wells probably received 14,000 Republi
can votes, Schmitz got very nearly 11,000
and Tobin 4000. This accounts for 29,000
Republican votes. The total vote of the
city was 53,814. •
San Francisco was formerly Democratic
on a close party vote, but since 1896 the
Republicans have had the larger' number
of party voter 3. The Republican machine
bosses made a sorry blunder when they
counted on Schmitz taking three-fourths
of his strength from the Democratic par
ty. Very nearly as many Republicans as
Democrats went over to the musician.
Herrin. Burns, Johnny Lynch and Jere
Burke comprise the sorriest, the soret:
and sickest bunch of defeated machine
bosses that has ever exhibited to the pub
lic of California. Martin Kelly and Phil
Crimmins are not as sore as their con
federates. They saw the storm coming
and sought cover. The story goes tha:
Kelly evened up on Herrin. He couldn't
keep the push in' line for Wells, but ho
kept the corporation money appropriated
for the purpose of lining up the purchas
able. Kelly was the bcid boss who went
I to the front in the primary election and
I brought ever the Democratic push to vote
j the Republican ticket. It is common gos.
! sip that Herrin. at the suggestion of
Lynch and Burke, threw down Kelly, and
I the burly boss of the Twenty -eighth Dis
trlct took occasion last Tuesday to re
taliate.
Republican Bosses Badly Beaten.
In the Thirty-sixth District Frank
French was beaten out of sight. Schmitz
carried the district over Wells by 700 ma
jority. The night before the election the
bosses boasted of their ability to carry
the Thirty-sixth.
The trouncing that the allied Republi
can bosses received in the Forty-fourth
was the hardest ever seen in this city.
Abe Ruef led the Schmitz forces in the
Forty-fourth and carried the district for
his candidate by a majority of 350 over
Wells. The push, led on by Rainey, Her
rin, Johnny Lynch and Jere Burke, Max
well and Graney, sought to S"ave the For
ty-fourth for the corporation ticket. In
ternal revenue deputies imported from thf
interior joined in the fray, as word was
uttered that Lynch would lose his job as
Collector if \\\lls were defeated. Despite
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Wrangle in Bosses' Camp
Responsible for
Big Defeat.
their strenuous efforts and the free use
of money the bosses went down and out.
The same fate was reserved for bossism
in the Forty-rtfth District. Of all the
bosses Dibble fared the best. He saved
Wells in the Forty-first, but the achieve
ment reminds en* of Paul Neumann's
story about tha young doctor who lost th i
mother and the new-born child, but savei
the husband.
Defeat of Political Conspirators.
The rebuke administered to the bossws
was deserved. The conspiracy to seize the
Csntinued on Page JFiva.2
MAYOR-ELECT AND HIS DEFEATED OPPONENTS TALK ABOUT ELECTION AND EACH OTHER
MAYOR-ELECT EUGENE E. SCHMITZ
GIVES AN OUTLINE OF HIS POLICY
MAYOR-ELECT EUGENE E. SOHMITZ, like Napoleon, Is a man of destiny, who believes In a lucky star. Through
out the campaign a soft, still voice whispered to him that he would be successful, and fortified with that knowl
edge he calmly awaited the issue, which resulted in his choice by the people for the distinguished honor of di
recting the affairs of the municipality during the coming two years.
It is tut just to say in Mr. Schmitz' s behalf that he bears his i.ew-'ound distinction with becoming modesty
and ( n a manner that augurs well for his administration of public functions. Raised in a single day from the
humble station of orchestra leader to the proud and responsible position of executive of the metropolis of tht Pa
cific Coast, the chief representative of 350,000 people, rich and poor, high and low, he now occupies a pedestal which many
more able and distinguished men than he have sought 'n vain to attain. Yot withal Schmitz is not proud. He is es
sentially a rr.r.n of even temperament, cool when confronted by an emergency and calculating when the exercise of sound
Judgment is imperative. In the exhilaration that invariably attends the victor after a hard battle has been fought and
won. Mr. Schmitz has remained placidly calm. The hundreds of-messages of congratulations received from friends and
etrangers alike, the protestations of ioyal friendship by people whom he met for the first time during the campaign,
served to strengthen rather than weaken the latent forces of his character which his victory have aroused. All this, as
well ts his statements to a Call reporter last night, indicate that Mr. Schmitz will give the pe.iple of San Francisco an
administration that will compare favorably with those cf his predecessors in office.
OUTXIHES HIS POLICY AS MAYOR.
"The people of SanpFrancisco are desirous of knowing something of your proposed policy, Mr. Schmitz," said
The Call man to the Mayor-elect at his residence, 2849 Fillmore street, last night. "Are you willing to outline it for
their benefit?"
"My policy," answered Mr. Schmitz, "will be one of conservatism, prudence and as the newspapers express it,
enterprise. I intend to be conservative in all things, and in the consideration of public measures I will be as prudent
as if I were acting for myself. In the matter of public improvements. In which I am a firm believer. I will be en
terprising. I want to see this city grow to the proportions to which "sts geographical location and its rapidly increas
ing foreign trade must inevitably advance it.
"I shall favor every measure that will have for Its object the enhancement of our commercial inter
<¦»<«, and I shall xupport such legislation as will in my judgement advance the social conditions of onr
people. I favor the acquisition of pnblic utilities, and lower gas and water rates. I shall make it my
liuNiness to inqnire into the operations of the various commissions, with a view to reducine expenditures,
and thereby securing; a material rednctlon of the tax rate. I believe the present administration
han been extravagant, and if it is in my power, as I believe it to be. I shall without delay urge and
insist upon the practice of rigid economy in the disbursement of the public money."
"What is your opinion of the Board of Public Works? Is it your Intention to remove any of the commissioners?"
'"My opinion of the Board of Public Works is that it is a wasteful body and in need of thorough reorganization.
That too much is disbursed by the board in the payment of useless employes and not enough for the prosecution of
public improvements has been evident for two years past. While I have not given the matter of reorganization of the
board much thought as yet my present opinion is that there will be some changes in the personnel of that body short
ly after I assume the discharge of my official functions. I think I may safely promise that there will be a material
curtailment of the salary list of the board before I am in office six months."
•What do you think of the School Board?"
"I think there has been altogether too mnch bickering: and quarreling? among; the members of
the board to suit the public taste. While the directors have been opposing the School Superintendent
in all matters on political grounds the affairs of the public schools were allowed to saffwr. I think the
efficiency of the department has been impaired by the operations of the board. I shall deem it to be
my sworn duty to bring almnt harmony unions: the directors and the Superintendent in some manner.
If the gentlemen will not listen to reason, we will see what a few removals will acconipliHh. I regard
the school system as one of the most Important adjuncts of the municipal government, and I shall seek
to remedy some of the abuses in the department to which my attention has been called, and -which need
correction. I do not think the schools have been properly managed, and that is saying something."
CASEY WILL NOT BE CHIEF OF POLICE.
"There la a report, Mr. Schmitz, that you intend to secure the appointment of Michael Casey as Chief of Police.
What have you to say in answer to the rumor?"
"Simply that Michael Casey will net be Chief of Police. In justice to Mr. Casey you should say that he does
not aspire to the distinction of being Chief of Police. When I heard the report I asked Mr. Casey how it came to be
circulated, and he informed me that if I were elected he would in no event accept such a billet at my hands, even
were I to offer It to him. 1 will say new that I will never favor any civilian for the office of Chief of Police. The
proper discharge of the duties of that office requires a man of experience— a man taken from the ranks of the police.
When it becomes necessary to select a Chief I shall urge the appointment of a police officer of discretion and ex
perience. That is the unalterable stand I have taken in this matter."
"What policy shall you adopt in tne matter of appointment of Commissioners to fill vacancies after the first of
the coming year? Is it your intention to appoint union labor men to such offices exclusively?"
"I have no such Intention. In making my appointments under the provisions of the charter I
shall be guided solely by what I deem to be for the best interests of the city. It would be absurd to
appoint a man to a position for -which he is in no sense qualified. I shall consider the claims of all citi
r.ens to recognition at my hands, be they merchant, inillionnire or union labor men. I shall make my
selections for offices of pnblic (rant in accordance with the same principles I wonld apply in selecting
an employe in my own business. Mo favoritism in the matter shall be exercised. I shall be fair to all,
and there will be no special privileges given to one to the exclusion of another. In the matter of ap
pointments I may say that I stand unpledged, and when I make them I will see to it (hat the best in
terests of the city will be subserved thereby."
"What did you mean when you said in ycur campaign speeches that after your election the spectacle of policemen
riding on trucks would never be witnessed?"
"Simply that under my administration Ido not believe a strike can occur. I believe that I understand what the la
boring class want, and being one of them I am in a position to deal with them intelligently. My election will restore con
fidence between the employers and their employes. My affiliation with labor organizations will enable me to arbitrate
matters should a strike occur, and it was because of my belief that I could mediate efficiently and successfully in the
event of an industrial disturbance that I made use of the statement about policemen on trucks. Had Mayor Phelan been
in closer touch with the working people the necessity of putting policemen on trucks would never have presented itself.
I am a believer in arbitration and if a strike occurs during my administration, I believe I am safe in saying that mat
ters will be promptly adjusted/without resort to the measures which characterized the late strike and prolonged it to an
undue length."
In closing Mr. Schmitz said that the public might rest assured he would not during his administration inaugurate
radical measures calculated to disturb the public serenity. He would seek to manage affairs prudently, and no step would
be taken by him until its effect was as nearly as possible foreseen. In this way, he thought, his election as Mayor would
not prove to be the public calamity some persons deemed it to be. Mr. Schmitz expressed gratification at the receipt of
a basket of violets from Joseph S. Tobin, who extended his sincere congratulations to Mr. Schmitz upon his victory Mr
and Mrs. Schmitz will leave for a two weeks' stay in the country to-day, their destination being kept a secret.
TOBIN ACCEPTS HIS DEFEAT WITH GAMENESS,
AND SAYS THAT HE WILL SUPPORT SCHMITZ
JOSEPH S. TOBIN. as becomes the
man that made the cleanest fight
the local political arena ever saw. is
a game loser. He does not make
pretense of any particular delight
at the result of the three-cornered race
for the chief executives chair, but there
Is no sign of crape about his chambers
in the Hibernia Bank building.
He went into the fight because it seemed
to him his duty. He accepted the nom
ination for Mayor not to gratify the am
bition cf Joseph S. Tobln, Supervisor, out
to fulfill the obligation owed the commu
nity by Joseph S. Tobin, citizen.
He entered the contest for the sake of
San Francisco and not for the purpose of
any self aggrandizement. He thought he
taw in his selection as a candidate an op
portunity to do something for the better
ment of the little world to which he owes
his present prosperity.
The election returns told him that San
Francisco agreed with him that the petty
pilfering of professional politicians, the
domination of the bosses and the rapa
cious greed of corrupt corporations would
no longer be tolerated. But they also told
him that the people had decided to try-
Eugene E. Sehrritz instead of Joseph S.
Tobin to administer the new order of af
fairs.
It was for the people he had made the
fight and to the verdict of the people he
bows gracefully. He made no enemies
curing his canvass.
Hired Traducers.
He was attacked in several instances,
but the attacks were bo evidently the
work of hired traducers that in looking
back over the campaign he finds too
much pleasure in the genuine friendships
¦with which its labors were lightened to
remember the boughten yelps with which
c canine kennel punctuated the campaign.
Tobin turned his attention to his own
affairs as soon as the result of the elec
tion was assured and yesterday morning
bright and early he was at his desk in
his law office.
'•Weil, I'm glad we beat the corpor
ations anyway, " he said yesterday.
"Schmitz has got a great opportunity and
for San Francisco's sake I hope and think
he will make the most of it. Anything
but Wells and what stood behind him."
In response to a request for an after
the-battle statement, Supervisor Tobin
expressed himself as follows:
"Let TJs Forget Bitterness."
"A defeated candidate is not as a rule
the most cheerful of prophets. With me,
1 think, it is otherwise. Those of out of
ficials who have been re-elected enjoy our
confidence: those who are as yet strang
public life will not, I am sure be
tray their trust. Co-operation is the very
essence of success. The antagonisma of
political warfare will. I am confident
forthwith fade away and all good citizens
will respond to the promptings of civic
patriotism.
thing can be accomplished in bitter
er, strife or in jealousy. Let all this
Returns two Indictments.
FRESNO. Nov. 6.— Judge Welborn and
court officials arrived from Los Angeles
last night to hold a Federal court session
to-day, closing the May term, and com
mencing the new term next Monday. Two
Indictments were presented by the Grand
Jury, one against Sheepherder John Big
pott for petting fires in the Sierra forest
reserve In Kern County and the other
against Mabel Smith of this city for aend
.rough the mails an Indecent letter
to a Los Angeleno.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablet*. All
<3rugKists refund the money If It falls to cure.
£. W. Gro>e'e signature is C 3 s&cb box, 25c *
be forgotten and let us all now turn to |
Mr. Schmitz with sincere congratulations i
and the determination to give him that '
COMPLETE RETURNS OF VOTES CAST AT TUESDAY'S ELECTION.
MAYOR.
•ASA PL. WELLS, I^ep>-u.TDlioa.n...— — -... :.- l r 7. r 7IS
JOSEPH S. TOBIN, Dem00rat..........:............... ..^.. 12,647
EUGENE E. SOHMITZ, TJniorL Laloor. .......:...,..;... 21,776
O. O. O'DONNELL, Independent.,. ;.^.........; .^......... $W~ 57 !
O. L. AMES, Socialist, ......;........ 912
TOir AL VOTE POLLED •.¦•..... 53,493. SGHMITZ'S PLURALITY 4058
AUDITOR.
HARRY BAEHR— R 22,871
JOHN H. WISE— D 12,196
ISADORE LESS— U. L 14,517
N. C ANDRESEN— S. L 1,145
CITY ATTORNEY.
J. E. BARRY— R 15,623
FRANKLIN K. LANE— D. . .26,1 11
SHERIFF.
JOHN LACKMANN— R 26,788
JUSTUS S. WARDELL— D. .. 6,237
ROB'T J. LOUGHERY— U. L.17,415
JOHN MESSER— S. L 1,040
TAX COLLECTOR.
EDWARD J. SMITH— R 19,180
JOSEPH FASSLER— D 11,920
JNO. J. DAUGHNEY— U. L....i8,i6 2
LUDWIG BERG— S. L.. 1,1 19
TREASURER.
JNO. E. McDOUGALD— R. . . 17,154
S. H. BROOKS— D 16,296
ROB'T W. ROBERTS— U. L. .15,370
OSWALD SEIFERT—S. L.... 1,143
RECORDER.
CHARLES E. C0REY— R..,....i6,52i
EDMOND GODCHAUX—D.. 17,869
THOMAS F. EAGAN— U. L. . 14,562
EMIL ROUGK— S. L 1,072
COUNTY CLERK.
ALBERT B. MAHONY— R. . .21,040
TIJE SAN FRANCISCOCALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
support and confidence without which the
burdens of public life are almost beyond
endurance."
GEO. DAHLBENDER— D. . ..13,881
PATRICK COYLE— U. L. . . . 14,475
SCOTT ANDERSON— S. L... 1,133
DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
ARTHUR G. FISK— R 20,431
LEWIS F. BYINGTON— D.. 21,585
CORONER.
C. A. GLOVER— R 12,344
THOS. B. W. LELAND— D... 20,751
JOHN F. DILLON— U. L. . . . 16^61
N. J. B. SCHULTZ— S. L 99 8
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
JOHN FARNHAM— R 20,731
P. BOLAND— D 13,831
WM. J. KENNY— U. L ... 14567
C. G. PERAULT— S. L itUOi tUo
SUPERVISORS.
Republican.
JOHN F. AHEARN i 4i 4 957
GEORGE ALPERS i 5i 5 ' 940
PERCY BEAMISH 15019
FRED N. BENT 16*120
CHARLES BOXTON 21081
WILLIAM H. COBB 1463 1
THOMAS W. COLLINS 14408
FREDERICK EGGERS 15 952
FRED'K FRANKENTHAL...i 2 ' 99 7
WILLIAM H. GEORGE i 4i 4 ' 997
ALFRED LILIENFELD 14 710
JOS. S. NYLAND i 4i 4 ' 54 ,
FRED'K J. McWILLIAMS. . . . i 3i 3 ' 32 s
WILLIAM OFFERMANN. . ..12 418
GEORGE R. SANDERSON. ..19755
HEADQUARTERS
LOOK CHANGED
THE DAY AFTER
Party and Candidate Cen
ters in Hands of
Wreckers.
Republican Quarters in Grand
Hotel Continue as
. Dormitories.
The day after election is usually a per
iod of contrasts. On the street the cry
of "He can't lose" is changed for "I told
you so," "Just what I expected all along"
and -Well, if he does the right thing, I
gues he'il be safe enough for two years."
In the headquarters of candidates and
political parties the indiscriminate bustle
of campaign was changed to the business
like activity of moving day.
The campaign headquarters were far
from being deserted yesterday, but the
crowds that thronged them were differ
ent. During the campaign all the head
auarters were crowded. There were men
waiting to give the respective committees
the "low down" regarding dubious dis
tricts and tips as* to how the wavering
populace could be brought into line with
committee noints of view. There were
men waiting with stories as to the magic
influence of a double eagle placed in
proper hands for dissection; there were
men waiting with schemes for placing
before the public candidates and views of
the committees at so much per "place."
There was whispering, handshaking, mys
terious telephoning and there were meet
ings behind closed doors.
It was all different after election. There
were stern-faced janitors at all the head
quarters yesterday examining walls for
undue damage done by the tacks and
nails that had held the cards telling of
candidate virtue and party promise.
There were owners of borrowed furniture
scanning the foot-scrapes on the varnish
of their chairs and desks. There were
telephone employes unscrewing the elec
tric messenser boxes that the night be
fore had been the confessionals of the
election returns. There were agents
around for the rent or to see to the lock
ing up of the temporary capitals of
Democracy, Republicanism and Trades
unionism.
At the headquarters of the Labor Un
ion party there was quite a number of
callers. "Schmitz" was the burden of
conversation, and "Schmitz" as a text
seemed to be prolific of orations as to
how it had all been done.
The Democratic headquarters on Mar
ket street Dresented a scene of moving
day, with an occasional character on the
stEge to tell he knew all along just what
would, be the result of the election.
The Republican headquarters, at the
Grand Hotel, will continue to be used for
sleeping quarters.
RIORDAN GIVES HIS VIEWS
Thomas D. Riordan. chairman of the
late Republican municipal convention, ex
plains the defeat of the Republican can-
I didate for Mayor In the following words:
I ascribe Wells' defeat in the first place to
the fact that the labor unions have not re
ceived from either party the recogniticfn to
i which they were entitled, and as a result
f thereof, when the strike took place, they con
sidered that everybody was allied against
them. I consider that in nominations to public
j office the laboring element is entitled to as
j much consideration as the commercial or pro
f fesslonal class.
I Another cause of Wells' defeat was the small
, ness of the vote, which was due to the fact
I that many at the workers In the. party have
! not received the recognition to which they are
| entitled and were not taken Into consideration
| when nominations were made or the patronage
apportioned. This applies equally as well to
the Democratic party, as is evidenced by the
smallness of Mr. Tobin's vote.
I believe in the proposition that has been
adopted by Tammany in New York, where the
I district leaders and the district workers are
' taken Into conference when nominations are to
I be made or patronage distributed.
This election shows both to the Republican
and Democratic parties that one-man power
cannot and will not prevail. Mr. Wells Is a
man of unimpeachable inteftrity, a man with a
perfect record in business and political circles
and would not have been defeated except for
the dissensions prevailing in the Republican
I party and the dlssatipfactlon of the laboring
I element on account of lack of recognition.
CHARLES H. STANYAN. . . . 15,678
JAMES M. WILKINS 15,689
HORACE WILSON 16,511
SXJPERVISOBS.
Democratic.
JAMES P. BOOTH .-...17,074
WILLIAM P. BOCK; 11,848
H. U. BRANDENSTEIN 18,176
SAMUEL BRAUNHART .... 16,733
JAMES BUTLER 14,020
A. COMTEJR 17,843
JOHN CONNOR 17,170
PETER J. CURTIS 17,604
A. A. D'ANCONA 16,932
LAWRENCE J. DWYER 17,153
JOHN LANDERS 14,639
KNOX MADDOX 14,480
w. n. McCarthy.... 14,806
HENRY PAYOT 16,555
MAURICE V. SAMUELS 14,436
HENRY J. STAFFORD 15,532
LUTHER WAGONER 10,981
WILLIAM D. WASSON 11,276
SUPERVISOBS.
Union Labor.
WILLIAM J. WYNN 17,493
JAMES C. AIRD , *5,557
CHARLES HARCOURT 15,392
JOSEPH LYONS 15,577
CHARLES A. CALHOUN. . ..15,367
JOHN COGHLAN 15,690
H. McKEVITT 15,432
GEO. B. McCLELLAN 16,032
RUDOLPH URBAIS 14,766
WINSLOW D. GETCHELL. .14,879
BARBER CALISH SHOULD BE ASKED
TO HURRY UP HIS RESIGNATION
THE foregoing Is a fac-slmile of letters sent out before the election by J. J. Callsn, president or tn» state commis
sion to Regulate Barbers. The barbers of California should take the earliest opportunity to regulate Calish. The use
of the official letter-head of the board in requesting support for the candidate of the bosses was improper, if not
indecent. The Governor cannot very well remove Calish, but the barbers ought to demand the resignation of the
offending Commissioner.
WELLS TALKS OF THE ELECTION AND GIVES
REASONS FOR HIS DEFEAT AT THE POLLS
ASA R. WELLS, the defeated can
didate on the ticker arranged by
Herrin and Kelly, and by their
permission called Republican, was
seen yesterday by a representa
tive of The Call.
"My defeat as the Republican candidate
for the Mayoralty," he said, "came as a
distinct surprise to me. I was under the
impression that I was fighting the Demo
cratic party and at no time did I con
sider the Labor candidate a dangerous
factor. I see now that I made a mistake
in entertaining that opinion.
"I consider that the immediate cause
of my defeat was the superb organization
of the Union Labor party. Almost every
single class of laborers has a union and
these were given to understand by the
labor leaders that in their support of
Schmitz lay their protection— their salva
THOMAS REAGAN 15,458
WASHINGTON KUGLER ...15,387
JOHN M. MURPHY 15,160
EDWARD I. WALSH ...,,..15,887
JAMES A. BRIEN 15,348
J. A. LYNCH _„.. 16,053
THOMAS F. FINN ...15,580
JOSEPH T. McENTEE 14,159
STJTEBVISORS— SociaIist Party.
WALTER E. WALKER
NICHOLAS V. HANSON 1,184
I.ROSENBLATT 1,185
JOHN CARTER ™. 1,173
HENRY WARNECKE JR™,. 1,221
LYMUS VAN ALSTINE .™ 1,132
WILLIAM COSTLEY ..,™. 1,129
HUGO LOTZIN ... 1,115
FRANK CRANFORD 1,133
OLAUS GAFVERT „ . . 1,082
LOUIS W.LINDGREN..^. W i,i 3I
GEORGE GUTHRIE ... TOM . 1,149
EMILSCHAERER .... ra ... 1,178
LOUIS M. VEZINA...-^.... 1/557
JACOB MAYBLUM ..r.™^ 1,052
GEORGE STEIN 1,142
-HENRY HILKER , 1,069
GEORGE NISBET 1,076
POLICE JUDGES.
FRANK P. HAYNES— R 16 195
CHARLES A. LOW— R 16 006
ALFRED J. FRITZ— D 26^945
CHARLES T. CONLAN— D . . 26 027
CAMERON H. KING— S. L. .. 1*447
W. C. SHEPARD— S. L i' 3O i
tion. All that was necessary was for
them to marshal their hosts on election
day. That they did so is evident from
the immense vote polled by their candi
date for Mayor. . ,
"Now as I calmly and dispassionately
review the situation I firmly believe that
no Republican, under the conditions that
have existed for some weeks past, could
have been elected as Mayor.
Result of Discontent.
"The determination of the laboring men
to stand by their leader was the direct
result of discontent at the treatment they
had received at the hands of the municipal
authorities. Schmitz rode in on a wave
of bitterness engendered during the strike
and neither I nor any other man could
have prevented the result.
"Another potent cause that surely con
tributed to my defeat was the opposition
of The Call and Chronicle. I believe that
the continued •hammering' of the two
journals cost me at least 2500 Republican
votes which, had I redved them, would
have turned the tide in my favor.
"These voters deserted me because the
two newspapers named prevailed on them
to believe that I was dominated by the
bosses. Although they could bring abso
lutely nothing against my personal char
acter or official life they made some voters
imagine that I was under the control of
bosses who were not good men.
"I have no regrets at my failure to b«
elected to the highest office in the gifi
of the municipality."
VAUDEVILLE HOUSE BURNS.
Audience in Atlanta Theater Leaves
Before a Panic Occurs.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 6.— The Lyceum
Theater, a vaudeville house, 'was de
stroyed this afternoon. A performance
was being given when the flre broke out,
but the audience was dismissed in time
to prevent a panic.
The flre was preceded by an accident,
which caused some uneasiness in the the
ater. An immense electric sign extending
across Edgewood avenue in front of the
house fell Just as the performance began,
throwing two electricians to the ground
and injuring one of them, Roy Danner.
The wires became crossed and burned out
a feedbox at the entrance to the theater.
The smoke found its way into the build
ing and caused much excitement in the
audience. Some of those inside attempted
to leave, but were immediately stopped
and urged to remain seated and the per
formance proceeded. One hour later
flames appeared on the roof of the theater
and the management dismissed the au
dience, their exit being expedited by the
ushers. In about an hour the theater was
in ruins. Fred Jones, a fireman, was
badly burned. The financial loss is $5000.
AGED HERMIT REIGNS
ON HUNTING GROUNDS
•'King of the Hills" Keeps Pasadena
Sportsmen Away From a Quail
District.
PASADENA, Nov. 8.— "Old Man Rob
erts, the Hermit," has taken possession
of the hunting grounds west of this city
and will not allow hunters to shoot there.
It is a place where quail nock and which
hunters have frequented for years, but
they go there no more because an ancient
hermit with a club drives them away.
Roberts is a peculiar character. He lives
In a small observatory cabin built by Mil
lionaire C. B. Scovllle on grounds once
planned for a park. The old man owns
very little In the world, and his few uten
sils he packs into a gunny sack when he
goes out foraging at the back doors of
restaurants for food. He never leaves his
belongings at home, or separates himself
from them for a minute while away from
home. Hunters are wondering how they
are to oust the "king of the hills," whose
little cabin stands at the summit of a.
precipice, down which he might hurl
bowlders upon venturesome visitors.
GERMANY BLOCKING
ADVANCES OP RUSSIA
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. B.— The Ros
sya, discussing the Russo-Chinese nego
tiations, says it thinks Germany desires to
tie Russia's hands in Manchuria so as
to block a Russo-Japanese understanding
which will Insure peace and make Russia
and Japan dominant in the Far East.
The commission of the Finance Ministry
reports that the expenditure on the Man
churia Railway from 1896 to 1901 has been
160,000,000 rubles.
Oppose Reciprocity Treaties.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 6.— The South-n
California Fruit Exchange at a meeting
to-iay adopted resolutions strongly pro
testfng against the ratification of the
reciprocity treaties now pending and
which will come before Congress at its
approaching session. The directors of tha
Chamber of Commerce in session passed
similar resolutions.
Provisions of Stokes' Will.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6. -The will of Ed
ward S. Stokes was ftled to-day in the Sur
rogate's office. The will wad made
ruary 13, 1891. before Mr. Stokes had any
disagreement with his cousin. W. fc.
9tokes. and W. E. D. Stokes is the chief
beneficiary under the will. Stokes says in
the last clause of the will that he im ua- *
married and has no children.BRIGANDS PLAY
WAITING GAME
Abductors of Miss Stone
Expect the Full
Ransom.
Captives Kept in Caves, and
Fires Protect Them From
Severe Cold.
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N
W., WASHINGTON. Nov. r,._ Po sitive
proof that Miss Stone, the captive mis
sionary, is alive and well has been fur
nished the State Department by Consul
General Dickinson. He cabled the depart
ment that he has received a letter from
Miss Stone, dated October 2?. Miss Stone
is naturally anxious that the ransom shall
be paid as promptly as possible in order
ihat she may be liberated. The authori
ties continue to exert every effort to bring
about her release with all dispatch
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 6. -A dispatcn
to the Roosiya from Sofia. Bulgaria, says
the monastery has afcain been subjected to
a. domiciliary search and that some of
i.ne monks have been arrested on the
charge of complicity in the abduction of
Miss Ellen M. Stone, the American mis
fiionary, and her companion, Madame
Tsilka.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 6-The offi
cials of the United States legation here
have received news through Salonika that
Indicates the early release of the captives
ln the hands of the brijrands. On Octo
t«r 29 Miss Stone and Mad.m. Tsi.ka were
both well.
SOFIA, Bulgaria. Nor. 6.— The brigands
having Miss Ellen M. Stone, the American
missionary, and her companion. Madame
i. in their custody were in Bulgarian
tory near the Turkish frontier last
veek. accordinp to authoritative intelli
gence. The captives were lodped in caves
gnd fires were lighted to protect them
from the severe cold. The fact thai vio
\sm measures, such as mutilation, to ex
tort ransom, were not taken, indicates
that the brigands are under the impres
sion that the longer they wait the bet
ter will be the terms obtained. This at
titude is regarded as being partly due to
the publicity given to the subscriptions
toward the ransom, and it is increasing
the difficulty experienced by Consul Dick
:n his efforts to induce the brigands'
demands.
IOOTBAJLL PLATES MAY
SUCCUMB TO INJURIES
Youth. Knocked Out During a San
Bernardino Game Is Near to
' Death.
SAX BERNARDINO. Nov. 6.— ln a foot
ball game played in this city on Satur
c.ay last between the San Bernardino and
Riverside High School teams Oscar Mar
tin received injuries which it is now
feared will cause his death. Martin was
playing right tackle. During a scrimmage
in the second half he received a severe
blow on the back of the head. He was
carried off the field, but it was not be
lieved his injuries were serious; in fact,
lie I tin entered the game, but after one
more down he was forced to quit play
ing.
Yesterday it was discovered that the
base of Martin's brain was injured and
that he had received internal injuries.
A doctor was summoned and his condition
is considered critical.
Martin is a senior in the Riverside High
School and is one of the best football
players in this part of the State.
ADVERTISEMENTS. !
A Clear Brain and Strong Nerves
Malt Breakfast Food
FORTIFIES MEN AND WOMEN
FOR THEIR DAILY WORK.
Starchy breaki'act foods that tax diges-
tion and use up vital energy make thou-
sands of toilers miserable for the whole
day. A writer says: "Men and women
should breakfast regularly on foods that
keep the brain clear and the nerves
Etrong."
Malt Breakfast Food 5s the only break-
fast cereal that contains food elements in
just the proportion needed for perfect ami
healthy nutrition. Insoluble starch, indi-
gestible particles and irritating properties
are always present in oatmeal and other
breakfast foods. Malt Breakfast Food
has all the health-giving virtues that a
perfect food should possess.
ALL THE VIRTUES OF MALT.
J ALL THE STRENGTH OF WHEAT.
/*~\ Rupture Cured. .
t\ A The celebrated California In- 1 !
fe'yjJjJH toi. tor. Dr. Pierce, discovered ' j
fy ~^F\r*% '"'*'' the on * remedy for Knp- !
' "''' is Electricity, an* in per- • '
'"' vn 8 his wonderful Electro-
gSs&A^t *"¦^T» Magnetic Truss and estab-
¦•~"A^JßK^ 1 it-bi: ': pits Nile throughout
/^^^^M^^^ I the v. R.i, ho (rare to euf-
\ - \^H Ht ferersfromthisdangerouß
\* sß^^H^ malady the relief and 6©-
/ curity vainly Bmiglit for
* elsewhere. This renowned
¦» ¦' ' appliance in radically dif-
ferent from all others and its action on the !
ruptured part* is quick and effective Cur«s
accomplished by Its use are numbered by th«
thousand. If ruptured investigate at once. Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new " Booklet No. I .'•
Address Magnetic Truss Co.. 114-6 Broadway (near
26th St.), Xewl'ork, or 206 Post St., SanTrancisco.
pirr nn\/ii Corn «- Fourth and
CAFE nUlAL£|H>|
valises checked free.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Mailed
•-. on Application.
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late ' Jacob Strah!»
Jk Co. <est'd. 1&S2). 17 and 19 Fremont st. ; upon
: installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE AN-) PIQ IROH.
J-CwILSON & CO-. Battery Strep»-
•L- tt ILMJ*> (X LU-i Telephone Main lS6t.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
fiC CAVtC *TA Chipping Butchers. 1M
JA> DUlfcaaUl- Clay Tel. Main t»4.
OILS.
J-tTBRICATITCO OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
I' f KIlfiHF? PRINTER.
I'- C- lil.lf!lC3. 611 Eansome st.. 8. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
i fiir HlCh^i-JUDD CO..
- £> First *treet. San Frarlr!»c«v
WecDi Gall $1.00 Dfir Year
ADMIRAL SCHLEY IN TEARS WHEN THE PRAISE
OF HIS CONDUCT AT SANTIAGO IS SPOKEN
• . J.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.-The
climax of the Schley court of
inquiry came this afternoon,
when Mr. Raynor, the chief
counsel for Admiral Schley,
concluded a brilliant argument of over
three hours with a peroration so eloquent
and impassioned that all within sound of
his voice were profoundly touched.
This remarkable trial, he said, sought to
condemn the man who had brought to a
successful termination as great a naval
triumph as was ever won. In vivid colors
he painted the picture of the Brooklyn,
with Commodore Schley on the bridge,
fighting the entire Spanish fleet until the
Oregon appeared out of the smoke. The
thunders of the Brooklyn, music for the
ears of his countrymen, he said, aroused
; Admiral Schley's .envious foes. He pic
; tured the victorious sailor suffering as
! few have suffered for three long years
while the tires of persecution leaped
'¦ around him and now awaiting the hour of
his vindication in the verdict of the court.
"And when it comes," he concluded, "he
: can, from the high and exalted position
i that he occupies, 100k down upon nis tra
' ducers sand mahgners and witn pride ex-
I claim; *I care not for the venomous gos
' sip /6t clubs, drawing-rooms and cliques,
j aXd the poisoned shafts of envy and
I malice. I await unGer the guidance 01
I Divine Providence the verdict of pos-
I terity.' "
Impressive Scene in Court.
The scene in the court room as he fin
: ished with these words was thrilling. The
' attendance had been large an day and
i at the morning session a lady had tainted
i from excitement. As Mr. Maynor Degan
| his euiogy of Admiral Scnley those in tn«
I audience, many .of whom were ladies,
¦ leaned forward in their seats. The spell
I of his oratory was over them and wnen
he described the* admiral's gallant deeds
; and the long persecution to which he had
1 been subjected many of them broke down
and wept.
The members of the court displayed cvi-
I dence of emotion and Admiral fachiey him
i self was plainly moved. He sat leaning
back with his hands behind his head. • His
chin twitched and as his counsel said he
could afford to await the verdict of pos
terity tears rolled down his cheeks. He
i moved uneasily to conceal his emotion
' and, under th« pretense of adjusting his
. glasses, brushed the tears aside. For fully
I thirty seconds after Mr. Raynor closed
; there was not a sound. Then the ten
i sion broke in a loud burst of applause.
Admiral Dewey, after about a half mm'
' ute. arose to remind the spectators that
j such a demonstration was out of plae^.
A moment afterward the court adjourned,
the judge advocate pleading that he
could not well go on to-day.
Then a remarKable thing happened. As
! soon as the gavel fell the entire audience
I surged forward to shake the hands of
, Admiral Schley and Mr. Raynor. But the
! on-coming spectators fell back a moment
i as they saw Admiral Dewey and his two
assistants move around the table, as if
by a common Impulse, and congratulate
: Admiral Schley and his counsel. Even
j Captain Lemly, the judge advocate,
! joined in the congratulations. Then the
! public had its inning and for fifteen min
i utes after the court adjourned Admiral
J Schley and Mr. Raynor were kept busy
shaking hands. '
Argument for Schley.
Raynor's argument consumed the whole
day of the court, except for a half hour
at the opening which Captain Parker, his
associate counsel, occupied in concluding,
j Raynor took up the speciiications one by
' one. reserving those relating to the- retro-
I grade movement until the last. So far
I as he was able to do so he used the tes
; timony of the department's witnesses to
I prove his contentions. With regard to the
' retrograde movement, which he discussed
I with greater seriousness than the other
specifications, he adduced in justification
, not only all of Admiral Schley's reasons
for believing the Spanish fleet was not in
Santiago, but argued that every officer
taxed with the responsibility of command
; necessarily must be clothed with discre
tion in carrying out instructions. He dis
played good temper in adverting to the
testimony of most of the officers, especial
ly the ranking officers who seemed to
: contradict his case, giving them in each
case credit for honesty of purpose. But
; ¦with a few he dealt unsparingly. Wood,
'. Potts and Bristol he held up to ridicule.
\ Captain Lemly will begin the closing ar
! gument to-morrow afternoon, as the court
I will not hold a session to-morrow morn
! ing. -
CONTROVERSY IN" COURT.
Echley's Representative and the
Judge Advocate Clash.
¦WASHINGTON", Nov. 6.— Admiral Dewey an
nounced privately before the openinp of the
Schley court of inquiry to-day that there would
be no morning session of the court to-morrow.
Mrs. Dewey had been indisposed recently and
the admiral will fievote the forenoon to remov
ing her to their city residence from the sub
urbs.
Captain Parker concluded his address and
was followed without loss of time by Isidor
Raynor, Admiral Schley's chief counsel. Par
ker maintained that the blockade of Santiago
was effective. He commended Admiral Schley's
I I iilllliil— nri of May Cl, saying he had a<te<i
wisely in determining the actual conditions
In this line of policy he snid that Commodore
Schley's conduct was paralleled by th.it of Ad
miral Dowey in Asiatic waters when the lat
ter remained for several days in Mirs Bay.
Regarding the loop made by the Brooklyn Cap
tain Parker declared it was the wisest move
that could have been made. All talk about
the Brooklyn going to the southward he char-
Eed as "moonshine."
"If tbe Spanish gunners could have shot as
the Americans did." concluded Captain Parker.
•'Admiral Schley, instead of being on tria! as
he is to-day, would he in a sailor's grave."
Referring to the Hodgson controversy < 'attain
Parker declared he believed Hodgson desired
t tf-11 the truth, but unfortunately he had told
a different story every time he had opened his
mouth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD LIVING
Quite often results in bad health, because
what is termed " good living" is usually
the gratification of the palate without
reference to the nutrition of the body.
When the good liver is a business man
and rises from a
_ < j£:§~~ r^t^ ' full meal to plunge
«A^"^ at once into work
JB requiring mental
10 401& effort the result is
Nb JrS3» almost sure to be
J* W^NJ disastrous, because
§2*jL?*T-'L K^ digestion draws
' J/.'HPf ' I v^t^ upon the same
nervous forces
which are em-
;S?Hm M ployed in thought.
FpLsSlKf/l 1° me the stom-
PBH^BKH ach becomes dis-
*> SB eased, the pro-
My 1 v^ cesses of digestion
I U\ 1 and nutrition are
I Mi imperfectly per-
I il formed and there
/] / l'( is a physical
/! • v 1 breakdown.
/ j\ Dr. Pierces
V \a^ Golden Medical
h| "lni Discovery cures
'•q nw diseases of the
stomach and other
i organs of digestion and nutrition. It
j eliminates the effete poisonous matter
which originates in the system as a con-
i sequence of imperfect digestion. It gives
j sound health to the whole body.
"I wish to say to the world that Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery has proved a great
blessing to me." writes Mrs. Ellen E. Bacon, of
1 Shutesbury, Franklin Co.. Mass. "Prior to
j September, 1897. I had doctored for my stomach
trouble for several years, going through a course
of treatment without any real benefit. In
I September. 1896. I had very sick spells and gTew
I worse; could eat but little. I commenced ill
September. 1897, to take Dr. Pierces medicine.
I and in a short time I could eat and work. . I
have gained twenty pounds in two months
* Free. Dr. Pierces Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt
of stamps to pay expense of mailing^//)'.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
I bound volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
1 Buffalo. N. Y.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
Attorney for the Distinguished Naval Off cer
Delivers an Exceedingly Impressive Ad
dress Before the Court of Inquiry
Captain Parker said he did not know how
the alleged controversy over the danger of
colliding with the Texas started except from
the story told by the captain of the lowa.
Captain Parker was sarcastic in his allusion
to Captain Evans' alleged statement regarding
the damage he had done to the Spanish ships.
Captain Parker concluded with a glowing trib
ute to Admiral Schley.
Raynor began his argument at 11:23 a. m.
He paid a compliment to Judge Advocate Lem
ly and his assistant, Mr. Hanna, for the "most
judicial Impartiality with which they have
managed this case." He then made a plea
lor the consideration of questions from what
was at that time Commodore Schley's point
of view. •
"Let us," he said, "put ourselves in his
place and see what the circumstances were.
We all know what it would have been wise
to do."
The "Dsar Schley" Letter.
Discussing dispatch No. 7. known as the
"Dear Schley" letter, Raynor contended that
the order conveyed in that message made it
incumbent upon Commodore Schley to remain
at Cienfuegos. He declared that this was the
key to the whole case and that it did not
admit of any other construction than that
Commodore Schley should remain at Cienfuegos.
In support of this contention he read the de
partment's order to Admiral Sampson.
He then took up the McCalla memorandum,
the message delivered by the Eagle to Com
modore Schley and the testimony oi Lieutenant
Hood and declared that Admiral Schley was
the victim of an unfortunate combination of
circumstances that left him in total darkness
as to the location of the Spanish fleet.
Concerning the Question of coaling at sea
Raynor read the testimony of several witnesses
to prove the great difficulties such a task in
volved. He said that all they wanted' to prove
was that Admiral Schley was honest when he
informed the department of his increased anx
iety regarding the coal supply and that he
acted according to the dictates of his own con
science. He was prepared to prove that one
ship could not have followed the Spanish fleet
Mx hours and have had enough coal leit to re
turn to Key West.
Coming to the reconnoissanee of May 31 Ray
nor contended that it had been Commodore
Schley's chief intention to develop the Spanish
land batteries and in this he said he had been
eminently successful. He claimed that the man
who was in command at such a time should
be given great discretion, tor he must neces
sarily know more of the situation than the
gentlemen who make out battle plans at home
on charts with compass and pencil and direct
other people thousands of miles away how to
fight a battle. Raynor referred satirically to
the testimony of Lieutenant Bristol, saying
amons ether things:
"His vision was a divine inspiration. Sex
tants and stadlmeters, compass bearings, Gov
ernment measurements and hydrographic plats
were all dim and obscure in comparison with
the miraculous power of his unaided vision,
which lit up and illuminated the entire har
bors of Cienfuegos and Santiago, with the un
erring precision of the morning sunbeams.
Government experts with mathematical accu
racy had measured the height of Morro Castle
and Zocapa battery, but down they went one
hundred feet when they encountered Bristol's
miraculous eye."
Raynor next came to the consideration of Ad
miral Sampson's Interview with the commander
of the flying squadron, especially referring to
Admiral Schley's testimony relative to the di
rections of Admiral Sampson, with reference
to attacks upon land batteries. He alto re
ferred to Captain Chadwick's testimony ln this
connection.
R*ynor said he thought that Captain Chad
wirk had been forgetful, but that no charga
could be made against him on that score. Ad
miral Schley. however, who had given positive
testimony, would be guilty of perjury if his
statement was not true.
"They must have talked about something,"
he said, "and what would they be more likely
to have discussed than the guns on tlie
south coast of Cuba. whither Commodore
Schley was then hound?"
Reverting to the blockade of Cienfuegos
Raynor said Capta!n McCalla had admitted on
the stand that he himself had disobeyed orders
in not leaving the Eagle off that port when
he left for Key West. He did not, he Bald
mean to criticize Captain McCalla, but if he
was not to be censured for disobedience of
FRANCE'S STAND
IS SATISFACTORY
Grievances Against Tur
key Accumulate for
Many Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N
\\, WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— France has
officially communicated - tjo the United
States an explanation of her purposes in
occupying the island of Mitylene, belong
ing to Turkey. This explanation was made
to-day to Secretary Hay by M. de Mar
gerie, Charge d'Affaires of the French
Government, and as stated by that diplo
mat it is so convincing and clear as to ef
fectually remove any misgivings which
may have been entertained by the- Presi
dent and Hay regarding the intentions <**
France.
It is learned authoritatively that M. do
Margerie explained that in occupying tha
island of Mityiene ranee has no inten
tion of permanently homing Turkish ter
ritory. A' aue regard tor Her interests in
the Orient compelled her to take this ac
tion. The justice of her claims has been
repeatedly recognized by the sublime
Porte. home ot them arose out of mci •
dents which occurred twenty-live years
ago. They were diplomatically presente-J
io the buitan with the necessary proof.
M. de Margerie himself, who was sta
tioned in Constantinople tor ten years, was
engaged in negotiations tor their settle
ment. The Sultan agreed to pay but failed
to keep his engagements. The matter
reached a stage where French dignity
could no : longer permit evasion. As a sign
of her displeasure and in the nope of caus
ing the execution of the Turkisn pi onuses
the French Embassador in Constantinople
was withdrawn. Two months passed an 1
the Sultan still failed to meet his admit
ted obligations.
Has Important Interests.
France has important interests In Tur
key, religious and otherwise. French mis
sions, French schools, hospitals, etc., are
established there. In order to insure their
protection in the future and to maintain
French prestige it was necessary to com
pel a settlement of the claims. France
had no desire to precipitate conflicts with
other powers. So instead of landing-troop,
on the' mainland of Turkey she deter
mined to occupy an island belonging to
the Porte. France feels, and it is sail
here justly, that she shouid be reimbursed
for the expenses which she has incurred
in dispatching a force to Mitylene, aid
that as compensation for • the trouble to
which she has been put the Sultan should
definitely fix the status of certain French
establishments. within his territory. When
these demands are complied with France
will withdraw from Mitylene.
By reason of his service in Constantino
ple M. de Marijerie was able to fully ex
plain the causes which led to the action
of his Government. One result, and a
very important one, of the French policy
will be, it is believed, to cause Turkey
hereafter to meet her obligations, and it
is pointed out that should an indemnity
be dO'Tianded for Miss Stone the Porte
will show a disposition to meet the de
mand more expedltiously than 'it- would
have done before the French demonstra
tion. In view of M. de Margerle's expla
r.atlon the authorities are confirmed in
their 1 purpose not to send warships to
Turkey. . :
Landing Not Yet Made.
PARIS. Nov. 6.— dispatch from Ad
miral Caillard- received here to-night, but
dated this morning, announces that' his
squadron is still lying before the island of
Mitylene. No landing, has yet been ef
fected. A heavy sea is running. ¦ -. '
A dispatch from Constantinople » reports
that the Ministers held an unusual meet
ing this afternoon for the purpose of ex
amining the propositions submitted by
the counselor of the French legation. M.
B?ip?t. 4 . , . -
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 6.-Tho
orders why he asked, should Admiral Schley
be?
After luncheon Raynor discussed the ninth
specification which dealt with the loop of the
Brooklyn on July 3 and the possibility of col
liding with the Texas. Raynor said he stool
upon the testimony of Captain Cook, who, all
things taken together, had the best oppor
tunity to give all the information about the
loop. What might have happened had the
Brooklyn turned to port was purely a matter
of conjecture. The turn in the other direction
was completely successful. It was intimated
that the turn to the southward would have
been to get away from the enemy, yet it was
an undlsputable fact that the turn had brought
the Brooklyn closer to the Spanish fleet and
that she received thirty of the forty-three shots
which struck the American ships. Captain
Cook's testimony, he said, Illumined this
maneuver, and he planted himself upon this
test.mony.
Raynor then discussed the testimony of Heil
ner and Hodgson, and in this connection ridi
culed the chart prejrared by the navigators of
the ships In the battle. He then took up
specification No. 10, concerning the Hodgson
controversy. He said he would not undertake
the task of extricating Lieutenant Commander
Hodgson from his predicament. He read por
tions of Hodgson's testimony and again fell
back upon Captain Cook's testimony as deci
sive of the point at issue. Captain Cook had,
said Raynor, stated that the danger of a coi
lision had never entered his head. Referring
to this testimony, he said:
"You cannot impeach him. If I had my
way I must say I think I would have rested
this case when Captain Cook's testimony was
done. I did not do so because the admiral
wanted to take the stand in his own vindi
cation."
No one, he said, had Intended to attack Hodg
son, but the entire controversy was Hodgson's
own fault.
"There has been too much magazine
and too much gossip," he said. "Imag,ne such
a conversation between the commanding offi
cer of a great fleet and a subordinate officer
at such a time. Even if Commodore Schley
had said 'Damn the Texas," " continued Ray
nor. "it would not have been such a' serious*
matter, as It could not have been meant seri
ously. Down in Ann Arundel County. Mary
land, they use such language in salutation,
paying "Damn you. how are you this morn
ing?' ". But the trouble was. he said, th&t
the public did not have the proper conception
uf the occurrence as reported, but had gath
ered the idea that the Brooklyn was running
away frcm the scene of conflict. Admiral
Schley had denied the reported colloquy, he
said, but not until after it had done him great
Injury.
Raynor then took up the first specification —
Admiral Sch'°y's conduct during the campaign.
"Now we come to Mr. Woods and Mr.
Potts," ho said. Mr. Potts and Mr. Woods;
Mr. Woods and Mr. Potts." (Laughter in the
court.)
After reading the testimony of several offi
cers as to the splendid bearing of Admiral
Schley, Raynor read the testimony of Potts to
the effect that the admiral appeared nervous,
"that he got up and sat down." Raynor pro
ceeded to ridicule Potts as "that precocious
cnild of the kindergarten, who confessed that
he was always scared when he was in battle,
but who. unfortunately, was never engaged in
any battle sufficient enough even to arouse his
timidity."
I/°mly Makes Protest. ¦
At this point Cartain Lemly protested against
Raynor' s strictures of Lieutenant Commander
Potts.
"Counsel is traducing the reputation of an
officer of ability and high standing," said Cap
tain Lemly.
Raynor replied: "You have no right to tra
duce the reputation ot Admiral Schley."
Captain Lomly— I do not think that counsel
should say that this is an attempt to traduce
Admiral Schley. I am not here because I want
ed to be, but because it was my duty. I was
ordered to come and I think it is unjust and
shows how utterly unreliable he is in his state
ments.
Raynor— l do not think the court will permit
this. Tou must not make a statement of that
sort. I will not permit it.
Admiral Dewey— Xo.
Raynor— He is not only very unreliable, but
very offensive.
Captain Lemly— Counsel gets up and says
that we are, in our discharge of a most painful
duty, trying to traduce Admiral Schley.
» 1 « » t. t < » t. » t t..t_.t..t ¦»..t..T..t__t..t..t.-»-.«..« 4*
POLICE FIND
STOLEN NOTES
Loot From Great North
ern Train Rcbbery
Recovered.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 6.-The police have i;<
custody at the Four Courts a man and a
woman suspected of complicity in the roh
bery of an express car on the Great
Northern Railroad near Wagner, Mont ,
July 30 last, when the safe was blown
open with dynamite and a consignment
of unsigned notes for the National Hank
of Helena, Moni., amounting to between
$50,000 and $100,000 was stolen. Of this
amount $8500 in new notes of the Helen i
bank were recovered, having been founl
in the possesion of the man and woman,
who were registered at the Laclede Hotel
as Mr. and Mrs. J. \V. Hose. They ar
rived at the hotel last Friday ana an •
nounced that uieir stay in the city wouU
probably last several weeks.
Last night the man was taken into cus
tody and to-day the woman was arrested
just as she was about to leave the citj.
Their arrests followed the passage of sev
eral notes of the Helena National Bank
that were supposed to have been sto.ei
and the signatures forged. Both prison
ers were taken before Chief Desmond to
day and "sweated."
A photograph of the man was taken
and measurements made according to th«
Bertillon system. Through these and cir
culars giving a description of the rob
bers the police identified Rose as Harry
Loughbaugh, alias "Kid" Loughbaugh,
alias Harry Alonzo.
Lillian Rose is the name given by the
woman. Both prisoners were examined,
but very little was learned from either.
Late this afternoon Loughbaugh admitte \
to Chief Desmond, under the sweating
process, that all of the money. $8500, taken
from him arid Lillian Ros? belonged to
him, but he would not say where he ob
tained it. This money has been identifier!
from description as part of the loot of the
Great Northern train robbery in Montana
July 30 last.
GEARY WILL HEAD
SONOMA DELEGATION
Ex-Congressman a Candidate for
Chairman of the Anti-Chinese
Convention.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 6.-The Sonoma
County delegation to the Anti-Chinese
Convention, which will meet in San Fran
cisco on November 21, will be headed by
ex-Congressman Thomas J. Geary of this
city, the father of the Geary exclusion
act, and he will be strongly urged by the
delegation for the position of chairman of
the convention. The Sonoma County dele
gates are as follows: Thomas J. Geary,
Harrison Mecham. Ernest L. Finley, John
D. Connolly. H. H. Grannice, J. c. Keene.
Emmet Seawell, C. O. Dunbar, E. D.
Sweetzer, W. S. Davis. George W. Lewis,
A. B. Lemraon and Frank E. Dowtf.
Stockton Woman Missing.
STOCKTON, Nov. 6.— Mrs. Peter Jensen
•was reported to the police this afternoon
as having been missing since Monday
night from a lodging-house in this city.
It is feared she has killed herself. Her
husband, Peter Jensen, lives in Livermore
and a son lives in Waverly. She was
known in Marysville, where she was for
some time before coming to Stockton, as
Katie Smith.
Porte has sent a note to M. Bapst, coun
selor of the French legation, forwarding
the monthly draft of the customs in pay
ment of the l,orando and Tublni claims
and embodying certain decisions of th.»
Turkish Government regarding the quay i
difficulties. M. Bapst has forwarded the
communication to Paris. ¦
Raynor— l have borne willing testimony to the
impartiality with which he has tried his case
and the delicate position he occupies. But I
do ask my brother not to getyup and contradict
me and say that I am unrelmble when I read
the testimony that sustains me. I appreciate
the position he is in. He has filled that posi
tion as well and faithfully as it could possibly
be filled by any one. I have not said a word
in criticism of his conduct. It is only when he
refers to my traducing an officer that I have
the same right to refer to his traducing Ad
miral Schley.
Admiral Dewey— The court of course will read
all the testimony that has been given. We will
be governed by the testimony. We know ex
actly what Lieutenant Commander Potts sail.
He said he was scared, but counsel did enlSge
a Httle on it.
Raynor took up the other specifications and
reviewed the testimony of the various wit
nesses against Admiral Schley. He closed as
follows:
"I now have briefly presented this case as It
appears to me in its general outline. Such a
trial as this has never to my knowledge taken
place in the history of the world. It seemed
to my mind that this case had hardly opened
with the testimony of Captain Higginson when
it commenced to totter, and from day to day
its visionary fabric dissolved from view. When
Captain Cook, their last witness, was put upon
the stand the entire structure collapsed, and it
was when the witnesses from our own ships
and the gallant captain and crew of the Oregon
and Admiral Schley had narrated their unvar
nished tale that the whole tenement, with all
of Its compartments, from Its foundation to its
turret, has disintegrated and lies here like a
mass of blackened ruins.
Three Years for Truth.
"It has taken three years to reveal the
truth. There Is net a s ngle word that has
fallen from the tongue of a single witness,
friend or foe. that casts the shadow of a re
flection upon the honored name of the hero
of Santiago. He has never claimed the glory
of that day. No word to this effect has ever
gone forth from him to the American people.
The valiant Cook, the heroic Clark, the ln
mented Philip, the intrepid and undaunted
Walnwright and all the other captains and
every man at every gun and every soul on
board of every ship are equal participants
with Admiral Pchley In the honor wrought
upon that immortal day. We cannot strike
clown his figure standing upon the bridge of
the Brooklyn. There he stands upon the
bridge of the Brooklyn, his ship almost alone,
and receiving the entire fire of the Spanish
foe until the Oregon, as if upon the wings
of lightning, sped into the thickness of this
mrrtal carnage.
" "God bless the Oregon'. 1 was the cheer that
rans fmm deck to deck, and on they went,
twin brothers in the chase, until the lee gun
was fired from the Cristobal Colon and the
despotic colors of Srain were swept from the
face of her ancient possessions. 'Well done;
congratulate you on the victory.' was tlr
streamer that was bent from the halyard
of the Brooklyn, and from that day to this
no man has ever heard from Admiral Schley
the slightest whimper or Intimation that he
usurred the glory of that imperishable heur.
The thunders of the Brooklyn as she trem
bled nn the waves have been discordant music
¦to the ears of envious foes, but they have
pierced with a rinsing melody the ears of his
countrymen and struck a responsive chord at
the fireside of every American home. And
what is more than all which has been re
vealed in this case, as matchless as Is his
courage and as unsullied as is his honor, is
his beautiful character and the generous
spirit that animates his soil and the for
civing heart that beats within his bosom.
Yes. we cannct strike him down. Erect he
rtacda as the McGregor when he stepped on
his native heather and his eye was on the
peak Ben Lomnnd. His country does not
want to strike him down nor cast a blur on
the pure escutcheon of his honored name.
"For three lons years he has suffered, and
now. thank Grd. the hour of his vindicntion
has come. With composure, with resignation,
with supreme and unfaltering fortitude, he
awaits the judgment of this illustrious
tribunal, and when the deliverance comes he
cm. from the high and exalted position that
he occupies, look down unon his traducers and
malieners and with exultant pride exclaim:
'I care not for the venomous gossip of rhibs
and drawing-rooms and cliques and cabals
,-md the poisoned shafts of envy and of
malice. I await, under the guidance of di
vine Providence, the verdict of posterity." "
Raynor closed at 3:3 C o'clock, having spo
ken about three hours. The laree audience
broke into applause when he concluded and
the members of the court, as well as others,
congratulated him upon his speech. Admiral
Schley was visibly affected by the conclud
in* remarks and attending scenes. The court
adjourned until 2 n. m. to-morrow, when Cap
tain Lemly will deliver the cloning argument
.or the Government.
A ten-dollar bill will buy for you here a good
fi ting, good wearing, neat looking all around satis-
factory business suit made to your measure from
all-wool, seasonable maerial in such pattern as ycu
shall se\ec: from our many d fferen: pieces of goods.
Now, you may th : nk, like many other people
have thought, th3t $10 is too small a price to pay for
a imde-to-order sui . It isn't too srrall for you to
pay if you are in the hibit of paying from $12.^0 to
$if for suits, b?cause thes? $10' suit; rre the equal
cf the ordinar • to $it; suits generally sold at
these prices. Even if you have p?id more it is likely
Ihit the suits will please you. We venture to say
that you will ge: more wear, rrore pleasure, more
satisfaction our of two of our $10 made-to~ord?r
suits than one $20 suit of the usual kind made by
tai'ors in general.
To en oj-ag? your buvirfg, we offer you your money
back if you are not sati f\\\ To fully protect you after you
liave bought, we still effer you your money back any time
you think that the suit is not wearing ?s it should, cr we will
make any necessary repairs, free of charge, within a year.
Suppose you call and get some of our samples.
Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through
our self-measuring system. Write for samples.
718 Market St. and
Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts.
YAQUIS PLAN
VIGOROUS WAR
Indians in Mexico Ob
tain More Arms and
Ammunition.
Miners Fecome Uneasy and
Many Are Leaving the
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex.. Nov. 6.-Henry T. Jack
son, who left here three months ago on
a mining expedition to the Yaqui gold
country, returned to-day. He says that
the Yaqui Indians in the State of Sonora,
Mexico, have secured a new supply of
arms ar.d ammunition and that the war
against the Mexican authorities has been
resumed on a more vigorous scale than
ever before.
The Indians have had several engage
ments with the Mexican troops near Torin
and a number of small scouting parties of
government troops have been cut off by
superior forces of Indians and massacred.
Jackson says that although none of the
American mining men in the Yaqtli val
ley have been molested by the Indians,
there is nv-:ch uneasiness, and some of
the prospectors have moved out of the
country, abandoning their claims. It is re
ported that the Yaquis secured their new
supply of arms ana ammunition through
a junta which they have established in
San Francisco.
HTJTIN OFFERS TO SFXL
THE PANAMA CANAL
Submits a Proposition to Admiral
Walker, Head of the Isthmian
Commission.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— President Hu
tin of the Panama Canal Company Anally
has submitted to Admiral Walker, the
head of the Isthmian Canal Commission,
a proposition on behalf of his company
for the acquisition of all its rights by th.»
United States Government. Tne Panama
company has been restrained up to this
moment from submitting a direct proposi
tion owing to o clause in the concession
which it holds from the Government of
Colombia which prescribes forfeiture of
the concession as a penalty for the mak
ing of an effcrt by the company to trans
fer its rights to another Government.
The company's agents here have been
obliged to act with extreme caution in
making overtures, but in some way the
Colombian Government has been induced
to wink at this technical violation of the
concession. It 3 terms are not yet dis
closed and it Is probable that they wi'l
not be until the Isthmian Canal Commis
sion publishes its report. It is under
stood, however, that they are considera
bly more favorable to this Government
than the figures made to the Presldert
three years ago.
Police Arrest Alleged Swindler.
BARCELONA, Nov. 6.— At the request
of the German Consul General the police
have taken into custody a man named
Estermeyer, who, the Consul General
claims, is a notorious swindler and has
long been wanted for numerous crimes
in Germany. The prisoner is known here
by the name of Billerbeck. He claims to
be a citizen of the United States. Ester
meyer was manager of the Securities
Guarantee Company.
Bicycle Thief Sentenced.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 6.— William
Varry was to-day sentenced to one year
in San Quentin Prison for stealing a bi
cycle. He is believed to be a professional
thief and the officers are investigating his
past record.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.JlParteS 1
SISOEAOAGHE
Positively cured by thes-a
Little Pills.
Thry also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose,
Small Price.
THROW TOUR TRUSS AW I V.
f\ UTASLUHZS 1391 /4^k>
RUPTURE^^fIL
CURED fin
BY FIDELITY METHOD. |»M %$
We Core- Positive— Per- fRSjBSgA M
muent- and Guarantee I W" ul
for Life. We mean what « JR&S&XtQj
¦ay. We can cure you. 12.009 jraAaPftSA'
cures in last 7 years. We cure in |j|gmg^
80 days without pain or less of Mfc"\¥*^A *»
time Successful on men, women BtajWH
»nd children. .No cbaace (or E^aij*3
NO PAY UNTIL CUR ED I I* 4
Testimonials at our office or ¦ KA 5 3
references furnished on applica- ¦ ij] a 3
tion. All patients must cone to Kffi T»J gg
this office for pofessional attes- H3 BH ; »
Aon- ¦ 1a
TIDELITT RUPTURE CURE, >|j§J W
Room 4, 26 'i Ktansy tt. ***^ ™
Dr. Lyons
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
§ DR. MEYERS £ CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Northern Assurance
(Ins>rior»tad 1336— Paeifin Coast 1353)
COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE IIST *
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the ' State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections fclO
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capkal Stock, paid up
in Cash $1,500.000 00
\4 • "'•! ; ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... 12.494,660 31
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,337,890 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... 13,331,940 19
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
I of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 3.084.341 SO
Cash In Company's Office 8.980 71
Cash In Banks 421,303 tt
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 215,131 17
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ¦,¦.">-
and Mortgages B«,310 31
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 133.253 23
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken ;
for Fire and Marine Risks 76.47!! 73
Rents due and accrued 5,954 11
Stamps 1.173 03
Reversions owned by the Company.. 1.749,618 S3
Due from other Companies and from
Agents v •••• 944,803 6S
Total Assets $29,339,871 73
1 LIABILITIES. .
» LIABILiITIIjS.
Losses adjusted and unpaid V
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense ¦ 1320,450
Losses resisted. including ex-
penses w , •
Gross premiums on Fire risks run- 1
ning one j year or less, I ;
reinsurance 50 per cent
Gross premiums on Fire Risks • 1,880.77-1 43
f running more than one year.
$ — — - — • reinsurance pro rata...J \
Liability under Life Department.... 19,674.367 94
Bills payable 31.514 75
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14,604 29
All other Liabilities 163.134 33
Total Liabilities ..' 122,086,346 71
INCOME. "^
Net cash actually received for Fire-
premiums •• 53. 761, 348 i.l
Net cash actually received for Uf»
premiums « 1.324,133 43
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 931.561 63
Received for Rents 50.233 44
Received from, all Other sources.... 374. »
Total Income M.462.315 13
EXPENDITURES. ' • "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) $2.152,533 S3
Net amount paid for Life Losses
(Including $ — ; , losses oC pre-
vious years) 1.370. Ml 87
Dividends to Stockholders 449,145 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage «27,307 ii
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 743,877 Si
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 106,873 94
All other ; payments and expendi-
tures 253.344 OS
Total Expenditures .......*... $5,704,023 03
- -'- -¦ - Fire.
Losses incurred during the year 12.085,943 23
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year - 225, 037, 912 $3,761,543 S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1.178,277.409 3,817,317 50
Net amount in force . •
December 31, 1900... 811.891.942 2.507.699 22
•- ¦ • ' ERNEST CHAPLIN. Chairman.
H. E. WILSON. General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 11th
day of April. 1901.
H. G. BISHOP, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
21 SANSOME STREET,
San Francisco.
GEO. F. GRANT -..'---' Manager,
San Francisco O.'fics, 209 Sansome Strset.
H. C. AHPEL & CO., "Agents.,
(a -patents! i)
34
JEFFRIES AND RUHLIN APPROACHING THE TURNING POINT IN THEIR TRAINING
FOR THE BIG CHAMPIONSHIP FIGHT NEXT WEEK IN MECHANICS' PAVILION
UNIVERSITY TEAMS
ON THE GRIDIRON
6TANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 6.—
The varsity lined up against the second
eleven to-night for the last practice prior
to the big game on Saturday. Two halves
were played of five minutes each and dur
ing most of the time the big team plowed
at will through the second eleven.
Although the coaches would not allow
the varsitymen to oppose the second
eleven for longer than ten minutes, owing
to fear of possible injury to the players
and a desire not to overwork them so soon
before the contest for th* season, the
eleven went into the game with such dash
and vigor that two touchdowns were
scored, one in each of the short halves. A
larger score would have resulted had not
the varsity lost the ball on the second
eleven's two-yard line after bucking them
the length of the gridiron. Fumbling is a
feature of the A>ig team's play that is
alarming the cardinal rooters, but it is ex
pected the signal practice and light work
of the next two days will overcome this
drawback.
The fact that Tarpey played on the var
sity during the entire practice to-night
would indicate that he is close to the front
in the race for left end; certainly the
freshman's -offensive work justifies his
holding the place.
The coaches have net given out the line
up for the big game, as at least tv-'o posi
tions axe uncertain— center and left end.
Huayerman was played at the former
position during the entire practice to
night and he and Lee seem evenly
matched; the latter, however, has had two
years' varsity experience, which will
count in his favor. While Tarpey was
played at left end during the practice to
night, that does not necessarily mean that
he has won the position, for Clark, Pres
• ton and Butterfleld are also playing good
ball. Cooper seems to be a fixture at right
end. Barnhißel and Thompson will un
doubtedly be the varsity guards, Traeger
McFadden the tackles, Raltt quar
terback, Slaicer fullback and probably
Fisher and Hill the halves.
The annual football rally occurred in the
assembly hall to-night. Students crowded
the ball as soon as the doors were thrown
open and their enthusiasm knew no
bounds. The hall fairly rang with col
lege yells and gongs and good-natured
badinage passed freely betwen the root
ers. Never before has Stanford seen such
an enthusiastic and successful rally The
team coaches and President Jordan were
greeted with a thunder of applause as
they entered and passed down the main
aisle of the hall. The rooters called first
far Dr. Jordan. He said in response:
I belteve in football because It is one of the
be«t ways to teach loyalty, perseverance and
nerve. A football team shows what a coll ere
man ought to be and what a college mln
ought to do The whole tone of the colleges
of the Lnited States has been raised eince foot
ball came Into vogue. I will be glad to be
with you when we win on Saturday
We have a team that does not know when to
quit. Because the second has scored on the
varsity occasionally is not a sign that Berke
ley can do bo; our second is better than their
first. However. U. C. has a good team We
haven't been trying to run up big scores In
the preliminary games, but have been savine
our energy for the big game.
Captain Fisher followed, thanking the
men for the excellent spirit shown on the
field and the graduate coaches for their
untiring efforts. He said: "Chances are
about even, but we hope for victory."
Coach Flckert responded to the cheers
of the crowd with a few brief remarks
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— To-night the
California team lln«d up for the last
time with the second eleven. The play
wae brisk and determined. The varsity
easily forced the ball down the field for
long gains. A feature of the practice
was Overall's punting. He was given
several tries for practice, and lifted the
pigskin with great precision for an av
trage of forty yards.
The heavy practice waa short and foi
The Champion Seems Tireless,
Wearing Out All His Train
ing Assistants With Ease
He Has Decided Definitely to
Take Up His Quarters at
Oakland on Friday Night
HARBIN SPRINGS, Cal., Nov. 6.—
Jeffries worked harder and fast
er yesterday than he has done
since he began training for his
• coming battle with Ruhlin. The
champion seemed indefatigable and yet
when he concluded his task he felt fresh
and strong. The endurance the big fel
low possesses is marvelous. He can tire
three men and yet come up smiling and
ready for more labor. He did enough
stunts this morning and' afternoon to
make other pugilists who have trained
for contests look like deuces. When Jeff
is in the mood to work he goes at it with
a will. Nothing will daunt him. If his
sparring partners show a -desire to make
things interesting he accommodates them.
Frequently they are perfectly willing to
let Jeff cut out the pace, because they
cannot stand the going as he can.
This seemed to be the case Tuesday.
Brother Jack was willing to spar in a
friendly fashion, but the champion wanted
nothing of this kind of work. He sailed
right in for his brother and never let up
until he had Jack mending bellows at
the end of the third round. During all
this heavy fighting Bob Armstrong looked
on with wide open eyes. Bob likes to
box, but he does not care to go a hot
pace when out of condition. He therefore
viewed the fray with anxious eyes.
Jeffries signaled Bob to take up where
his brother left off, and in a moment the
two big men were slamming each other in
a manner that signified that something
was doing. In a mix-up Bob shot his
right across and caught the champion
flush on the mouth. Jeff's lip was badly
cut by the blow, but unmindful of it ne
bored right in. He retaliated by giving
Armstrong a short arm blow in the ribs
that made Bob gasp for breath. Bob was
too foxy a ring general to show he was
in distress. He stepped back and began
to feint until he recovered his breath
Then he went In again, but Jeff made him
retreat all over the gymnasium. At the
end of the third round Armstrong was
blowing and tired. Jim took pity on his
sparring partners and called it a morn
lowed after an hour's secret signal work.
The varsity secured a touchdown after
a few minutes' play, and later, when the
ball was near the Fcrub line, it was re
turned to center and again kicked off.
Duden and Womble, on account of
bruises, were not in the line-up. Both
will be in shape for the intercollegiate
game.
The varsity will go on the field as fol
lows: Gendotti center, Overall right
guard. Stow left guard, Hansen right
tackle, Albertson left tackle, Hudson
right end, Starr left end, More quarter,
Womble right half. Mini left half, Duden
full. On the defensive Hudson and Wom
ble will change positions and More will
go into the back field. Should More go
cut at quarter Hudson will take Kls
place. Womble will go to end and Whip
pie to half.
LOWELL TWICE VICTORIOUS.
Decisively Defeats Football Teams
From Mission and Polytechnic
Schools.
The invincible football team of Lowell
High School sustained Its unbroken rec
ord of victories by winning two games,
one from the Mission High School team
and a second from the Polytechnic High
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
CHAMPION JEFFRIES WRITES TO THE CALL
OF HIS CONDITION AND HIS FUTURE PLANS
• •
ing's work for them. As for himself he
rested a minute and then took up the
skipping rope and danced, hopped, skip
ped and jumped until "Kid" Eagan be
came tired of counting:.
During all this hard work the big fellow
breathed freely and gave every indication
that his lungs were in first-class condi
tion. The champion then took a seat hi
his rowing machine. He swung his pon
derous arms back and forth for nearly
ten minutes.
Jeffries then decided to punch the bag.
For ten minutes longer he hammered tho
inflated sphere at a lively clip. His blows
were powerful and rapid. He wound up
his bag-punching by dealing the bag half
arm hooks. The blows sounded like heavy
cannonading, and the few spectators who
watched him expected to see the bag
burst at any moment. As a final touch
•to his morning work Jeffries tossed the
medicine ball. He had his brother Jack
School aggregation of pigskin kickers,
.yesterday afternoon at the Sixteenth and
Folsom street grounds. Both contests
proved easy for the Lowell team. In the
first game the Mission team was defeated
by a score of 23 to 0 and in the second con
test the Polytechnic was snowed under
to the tune of 16 to 0. There was an inter
mission of fifteen minutes between the
two games.
For the Lowell team Middleton Vos
burgh, Keegan, Montgomery, Edwards
and Falk were mainly instrumental In
winning the two victories. Again and
again Vosburgh, Middleton and Mont
gomery were sent around the ends behind
strong Interference for extensive gains,
The goal kicking by Middleton was one of
the features of the game. The players
lined up for the first game as follows:
Lowell. Positions. Mission.
Ham Right-End-Left Hall
Kidd Rlght-Tackle-L«it Curtis
McKinney Right-Guard-Left Thod«
"Edwards Center Prenton
Bartell Left-Guard-Right Curtis
Keegran Left-Tackle-Right Read
Herrin Left-End-Right Cereghlno
Montgomery
and Vosburgh. Right- Half-Left Laup
Middleton Left-Half-Right St. John
and Bawley
Graham Fullback Tafflnder
Falk and Tyler.. Quarter Hackett
as a partner, and that husky youth was
compelled to call a halt after he had
caught the heavy ball for fifteen minutes.
After luncheon the big fellow amused
himself playing croquet with the guests
of the hotel. Like everything else Jim
attempts, he tried hard to «vin. but had
to be satisfied with second place.
Late in the afternoon he felt like doing
more work. He donned his heavy clothes
and took a jog to Middletown, four miles
from Harbin Springs. On the return
journey he spurted all the way. He was
paced by "Kid" Eagan, who drove a cart.
Jim did not stop until he was at his jour
ney's end. As the going was all up hill
his run was a remarkable one, and only
proves that he is a wonderful man for en
durance. Still he was not satisfied with
his day's toil. He found a bag of sand
weighing nearly 200 pounds suspended
from the rafters of his training quarter,
and for fifteen minutes swung it to and
In the second game the positions of the
players were as follows:
Lowell. Positions. Polytechnic.
Ham .....Right-End-Left Sutter
Kldd Right-Tackle-Left Jacobs
McKinney Right-Guard-Left Eggers
Edwards Center Lauher
Stewart
and Bartell Left-Guard-Right Samuels
Keegan Left-Tackle-Rlght Scage
Herrin.. l Left-End-Right Adams
Montgomery Right-Half-Left Morton
Middleton Left-Half-Right Dement
Qulgley
and Tyler Quarter ; Lllienthal
Graham Fullback Scavlin
Officials— lrwin. umpire; Hamilton, referee;
timers, Jones and Saunders; linesman, Clay
bourgh.
CHIN FAMJXY DEMANBS
SUBRENDEB OF MTJRDERER
Accuses the "Wong Faction of Shelter
ing the Assassin of Buck Oye's
Lookout.
Another highbinder war Is on the verge
of breaking out In Chinatown. The Chir.
family Is thoroughly aroused over the
murder of one of their kinsmen, a lookout
at Buck Oye's gambling-house, which oc-
fro. This work was the hardest imagin
able and could only be accomplished by a
man of tremendous strength.
Jeffries stated that he was in great
shape. "Do you know," he said to his.
training mates, "I could go into the rin*
this minute and put up a nasty fight. I
feel as strong as a bull, and the moment
I begin to get rough I can fight awfully
fast." J
Jeffries has made up his mind to leave
the springs on Friday. His retinue of
trainers will go with him to the Reliance
Club, Oakland, where he will do light
work until the day before the fight.
To-night Jeffries will enjoy his last
coon hunt before he leaves for Oakland
The McKinley brothers, who live in this
vicinity, have invited the champion to ac
company them on the expedition. All the
dogs in camp will be used to scare up a
coon or some other animal. The hunt
should prove very exciting.
curred.last week. They have made a de
mand on the Wong family, on whose
shoulders they lay the blame for the
crime, to surrender the assassin in order
that he may be tried for murder. The
surrender must be made before 6 o'clock
Thursday evening or before midnight
twelve of the most prominent merchants
in the Wong family will be slain to
avenge the murder of the lookout
The Chin family have decided to allow
the courts to try the case, and they have
stipulated that the Wong family shall
turn over the snurderer to Detectives Gib
son and McMann. In case the assassin >s
not surrendered a price of $500 will be put
on the heads of twelve of the Wong fam
ily's leading members.
Car and Buggy Collide.
J. J. Beaton, superintendent of the San
Francisco Drydock Company, and Samuel
Smith, a workman, were thrown out of a
buggy at the crossing of Shotwell and
Sixteenth streets yesterday afternoon by
a car of the Sixteenth street line. The
buggy was demolished and the two men
were injured. Beaton received a scalp
wound and Smith had a rib broken. Both
men were taken to the railroad hospital
for treatment. The car was in charge of
Motorman Swan and Conductor Hanaen.
Akron Giant and His Friends
Talk Confidently of the Big
Fellow's Chance of Victory
Give the Facts and Figures
on Which They Base Their
Claims on Championship
RUHLIN is so confident he will
defeat Jeffries that his manager,
Billy Madden, has already made
arrangements for him to appear
in the leading role of a drama
written for him by Playwright Martin J.
Dickson. Should he prove the victor Ruh
lin will commence his theatrical tour dur
ing New \ear~week in Louisiana. While
all this depends solely upon whether or
not Ruhlin wins it is indicative of the
spirit of confidence which pervades the
Ruhlin camp. Billy Madden, and in fact
everybody in the Ruhlin camp, seem to
have an honest conviction that their man
will wrest the championship from the big
boilermaker. Ask any of Ruhlln's inti
mate followers how they figure this out
and they say, "Oh, from his first fight
with the big fellow and the manner in
which he put the 9ailor away after Shar
key made Jeff press his limit to get the
decision."
There are many followers of the ring
who claim Sharkey was "all in" when
he fought Ruhlin about fe. year ago. Jeff
made him a particularly easy mark for
anybody to whip, they say, but a peep
at Sharkey's record discloses the fact that
he displayed more ability in the knock
out line after his fast fight with Jeff
than at any previous time during his
career as a star heavyweight. He pol
ished off Tim McCormick in two rounds,
put Jim Jeffords away in two rounds, sent
Joe Choynski into the land of nod in two
rounds and sent Yank Kennedy after the
loser's end of the purse in one round.
"Now," say Ruhlin's followers, "if Shar
key was all caved in about the ribs and
otherwise foundered after his fight with
Jeffries how is it he showed such good
form in his subsequent battles? Sharkey
was not a man who had a penchant for
knocking his men out and if he was in
jured in any way in his fight with Jeffrle«i
he wculd have certainly showed it in his
battles immediately after."
The kernel of the whole argument is
that Sharkey was as good a man the
night he lost to Ruhlin as he was the
night he lost to Jeffries and that Ruhlin
in knocking Sharkey out in fifteen round 3
did what Jeffries or no other living man
up to that time succeeded in doing in
twenty-five or any other number of
rounds.
Ruhlin and his adherents speak confi
dently of victory, and it is not because
they think Jeff is a dub or does not know
how to fight.
Ruhlin worked hard yesterday from
morning until night. After a hearty
breakfast, he took his usual run to the
Sierra Point House and back. Gus was
paced by Tom Herman, the ban
tam weight, and by Denver Ed Martin
Both fighters took turns at pacing Ruhlin
and they brought him back to Blanken'3
in an hour and a half, exceptionally good
time for the distance. Ruhlin's wind is
in remarkably good shape. In a few days
he will cut out the long road work and
confine himself to 100-yard sprints as pipe
openers. Billy Madden received a letter
yesterday from E. W. Dickinson, manager
of the Olympic Club, Grand Rapids Mich
stating the writer and a party' would
leave there to-day for this city to witness
Bowlers Will Form a League.
A meeting of men interested in bowling
was held last night and a temporary or
ganization effected under the direction of
Samuel Karpf, secretary of the American
Bowling Congress. Peter Weinlger was
elected temporary chairman and F 9
9mith. secretary. A meeting will be held
to-morrow night in American Hall Al
caaar building, to effect a permanent or
ganization.
ONE OF THE DIVERSIONS IN
WHICH RUHLJN FINDS BOTH
PASTIME AND EXERCISE.
PALO ALTO MEETS
CURTIS' CHARTA
The coursing at Union Park this week
will be limited to one day— Sunday. A
special stake of sixteen high claas grrey
hounds and an open stake with forty
eight entries completes the card. The
draw resulted as follows:
Special stake— X. Geary' a Palo Alto vs. A.
R. Curtis' Charta; Chiarini Bros.' Dewdrop vs.
A. R. Curtis' Kin« Cotton; O. Sharman» Sir
Pasha vs. T. J. Cronin'» Vandal; A. R. Curtis'
Flying Fox vs. Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete; O. Zahl's Homer Boy vs. T Jones"
Wedgewood; G. Sharman's Little Sister ?». J.
Markland's The Grafter: Star Kennels' Game
Boy vs. A. R. Curtis' Vulcan; A. Vander
white'» Flora McDonald vs. Star Kennels' Fon
tenoy.
Open stake— G. Graham's Tyrone Prince vs
H Lynch s Lilac; C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud vs. G. Sharman's Firm Fellow; Pa»ha
Kennels' Rustic Arbor vs. A. Vanderwhtte 3
Lear Kin*; P. Doyle's Liberator vs. F. S.
Price's Brutus; E. Ready's Duplicate vs. E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey; E. Ready's Full Moon
vs. A. R. Curtis' Kibosh; W. C. Ulaason 3
Master Workman vs. Aeneifl Kennels' Fine
Fire; Pasha Kennels' Rocker vs. A. L. Ender
son's James Lick; Star Kennels' Mayflower vs
P. Doyle's Thelma: J. Carroll's Auckland vs.
Chiarini Brcs.' Tame Tralee; D. Sllva'a Marttr
Rocket vs. A. R. Curtis' Lord Beaconsfleld; -J.
Carroll's Master Clalr vs. H. H. Gray a Ter
ronette; G. Sharman's Gold Bug vs. H.
Lynch's Merrlmac; Pasha Kennels' Gold Nug
get vs. Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers; L. S.
Barres Amedee vs. G. Nethercott's Floodgate
H. Lynch's Black Bart vs. Cheetham & Part
ington'a Representative: W. H. Robinson's
Lord Freedom vs. H. Lynch's Clarisse; Kelly
& Hanley's Naughty Girl vs. W. C. Glas
son's Lady Sears; Yosemite Kennels' Mose ys
G. Xethercott's Hickory Dick; W. H. Robin
son's Fred Freedom vs. J. D. Cardinall's
Union Jack: F. B. Gerber's Rlenzi vs. w. C
Glasson's Sleijhbells; H. Perisro's Controller
vs. Star Kennela' Picksocket; H. H. Gray' 9
Rona vs. Star Kennels' Master Lawrence; E.
Geary's Farm Hughle vs. G. Nethercott'a
Red Rock.
The draw for the plains meeting' at Pet
aluma ¦will be held Saturday night at
Pythian Castle. The meeting is open to
any registered greyhound. It is not re
quired that the owner be a member of the
Interstate Coursing Club. The members
of the club met last night and approved
of the work already done by the commit
tee having the Petaluma meeting in
charge.
v ADVEBTISEMENT3. '". ¦' ;"
bad umT~
BAD COMPLEXION.
The skin is the seat of an almost end-
less variety of diseases. They are kncwu
i by various names, but are all due to the
same cause, acid and other poisons in
the blood that irritate and interfere with
the proper action of the skin.
To have a smooth,; soft skin, free from
all eruptions, the blood must be kept pure
and healthy. The many preparations of
arsenic and potash and the large number
of face powders and lotions generally
nsed in this class of diseases cover up
for a short time, but cannot remove per-
manently the ugly-blotches and the red,
disfiguring pimples.
Eternal vigilance Is the price
of a beautiful complexion
when such remedies are relied on.
Mr. H.T. Shobe. 2704 Lucas Avenue, St. Z.ou!s,
Mo says : "My daughter was afflicted for years
with a disfiguring eruption on her face, which
resisted all treatment. She was taken to two'
celebrated health springs, but received no bene-
fit. Many medicines were, prescribed, but with-
out result, until we decided to try S. S. S.. and by
the time the first bottle was finished the eruption
began to disappear. A dozen bottles cured her
completely and left her skin perfectly smooth.
She is now seventeen years old. and not a sign of
the embarrassing disease has ever returned."
S. S. S. is a positive, unfailing cure for
the worst forms of skin troubles. It 13
the greatest of all blood purifiers, and the
only one guaranteed purely vegetable. -
". Bad blood makes bad complexions.
ofa OSb /$3& purifies and invigo-
®L^ ¥§7^ r^ rates the old and
B^s^' makes new, rich blood
bhJwfcfaJaWiJ^ that nourishes the
%%f? body and keeps the
skin active and healthy and in proper •
condition to perform its part towards
carrying off the impurities from the body.
If you have Eczema-, Tetter, Acne, Salt
Rheum, Psoriasis, or your skin is rough
and pimply, send for our book, on Blood
and Skin Diseases and write our physi-
cians about your case. 'No charge what-
ever for this service. ¦ ° -¦ .
.; SWIFT.SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA, 6A. . 'EARL LI HUNG CHANG, THE DISTINGUISHED DIPLOMAT,
PASSES AWAY AT PEKING AFTER A LINGERING ILLNESS
An Ulceration of the
Stomach Causes
Fatal Hemorrhages
EKING. Nov. 7.— Li Hung Chans
jl died at 11 o'clock this morning.
I—^ At D o'clock last evening Earl LI
,i was still breathing and displaying
unexpected vitality. The physi
cians, however, said he would probably
die in the morning hours. The burial
clothes were put on. Th? courtyard of the
yamen was filled with life-size paper
horses and chairs, -with coolie bearers,
which his friends sent in accordance with
tie Chinese customs, to be burned wnen
he filed In order to carry his soul to
heaven. .
Several of the Ministers of the pov.-ers
called to express sympathy. The Chinese
officials are somewhat uneasy concerning
the effect his death will have or. the popu-
ice end to guard against a possible anu
fcrelgn demonstration the Chinese gen
erals have disposed of their troops about"
the city in such a way as to command the
situation. Trouble, however, is extreme
ly Improbable.
The wife of Earl LI and his two sons
end daughter were with him when he
cled. They were greatly distressed.
Chinese officials throng the vamen.
Telegrams have been sent summoning
Prince Ching, who is now on his way to
meet the court, and Chou Fu. Provincial
Treasurer, from, Paoting-Fu. The former
will assume the general charge of Gov
ernment affairs and the latter will act as
Governor of Chili until Li Hung Chang's
successor in that office, who, will prob
ably be Yuan Shi Kal, Is appointed.
Robert Coltman. an American, who was
one of the physicians attending LI. told
the correspondent of the Associated Press
that when he was called to act with Dr.
Velde of the German Legation' November
1 he found the patient very Teak from a
severe hemorrhage, due to ulceration of
the stomach.
"The hemorrhage was readily con
trolled," said Dr. Coltman, "but owing to
the underlying condition of chronic gas
tritis, with persistent nausea, only the
mildest liquid food could be digested.
Yesterday he was cheerful and without
pain, but at 2 o'clock this morning ho be
came unconscious and was no longer able
to get rid of the collection of mucus
¦which he had freely expectorated. Death
was expected shortly, owing to symptoms
E-pervetiing upon gradual carbonic acid
pDisonins:."
Througrhout the evening digitalis was
frequently administered. Ear! Li's per
sistent refusals to refrain from attending
to Government business aggravated his
malady, while the refusal o! the family to
permit certain measures customary in
Y.'estern medical practice for relieving the
s'Lcrsach contributed to hasten his death.
LI HUNG CHAI7G'S CAREER.
I^eds Which Caused His Fame as
Soldier, Statesman and Diplomat.
The death of Li Hung Chang takes ircm the
¦world's political arena ore of the most abie
and Important characters thct has figured
therein for a generation cr more. China at the
etime time sustains a loss irreparable. She
leses the loyal heart and the mighty brain that
trilled Internal strife and rebellion, planned re
lief en a gigantic scale for 4otn»ctle woes in the
Fiap* of flood and famine, and at the fame
time devised and erected with unmatched pa
tience and diplomatic skill the bulwark.- found
ed ¦on the JeaJoufiee and greeds of w«u!d-be
dpspollerf? that have so far proved her salvation
from actual dismemberment.
From every point of view 1.,! Hung Chang
va.& one of the most unlcju-' and picturesque
characters in history. The etcry of his life and
deeds Is the history of China for thirty-three
ears past, as far a.« the outer world v.-as con
cerned. His achievements In the field as a
victorious general, In the council chamber as a
fvaterman. suppressing: the great Tulplnß re
bellion, or fencing for the advantage with the
"_•« diplomats of Europe v.-ere great in any
company.
Ancestry and Birthplace.
1.1 Hung Chang : was not sprung from the
Manchu or Tartar stock, which has furnished
the rulers and governors for China since the
overthrow of the Ming dynasty in 1C44. but.
like his august mistress, the Dowager Em
press, with whom for some twenty years odd
re shared power and prominence in Chinese
affairs, he was of pure Chinese descent, a fact
which makes his career all the more remark
able.
He was born at Ho-fei in the populous prov
ince of Nran-hui, where it is said the succes
sive generations of his family had resided from
a time even antedating the reim of Kublai
Khan, the grandson of the great Jingis, and
the friend of Marco Polo.
As to the exact date of his birth there Is some
difference among foreign writers. Some place
It In Bl while others fix it on February 16,
1J23, which is meet probably correct. His
father was in moderate circumstances, and
though he had taken his bachelor's degree at
the examination halls lacked the energy and
influence necessary for advancement, and In
time took his place among the unemployed of
the literati class.
Of his mother little Is known, but we may
fcifer from the fact that two of her five sons—
*.'. Hung Chang and LI Hang Chang— rose to
viceregal rank that she was a woman of no
ordinary ability, and did her part well by her
children. The most touching thing in Li's
¦•hole life was the grief he displayed on the
I San Francisco, Thursday, 7 November, 1901.
Only $7.50.
I~ " — : —a I
An inexpensive Morris chair that will give good service |
and abundance of comfort. We have it in golden oak and I
mahoganized birch frames with figured velour cushions. fl
The rod supporting back may be adjusted to any angle, thus
[affording either a reclining or an upright position. _ # I
Our line of Morris chairs at prices from $7-50 to $50.00 is I
unequaled in San Francisco come and see them. [a
S2 ; r ~^Z — ' " !—:! — : " — ' I
I (Successors to^California Furniture Co.) f
1 957 to 977 MarKet Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
NOTED SOLDIER, SCHOLAR, STATESMAN AND DIPLOMAT, KNOWN AS THE "BISMARCK OF CHINA"
AND THE "GLADSTONE OF THE ORIENT," WHO DIED AT PEKING THIS MORNING AFTER A
LINGERING ILLNESS, AGAIN3T WHICH HE VAINLY STRUGGLED.
occaslon of her death in 1882. and the rever
ence he paid to her memory.
His Youth and Education.
Of Li Huns: Chang's youth not much 1b ac
cessible to Europeans, beyond the fact that he
was the second son of the family; that he was
very studious and at a very early age he was
noted for the rapidity and beauty with which
he -wrote the complex characters of his lan
guage, whish accomplishment among the Chi
nese is afways recarded as a ready title to
honor. . . ,
Wh«n yet quite young he took his bachelor
degroe and later tried succeFSlully for higher
honors both at the provincial capital and Pc-
Three times he was one of 200 successful
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
ones out of 15,000 competitors, and in the final
schools he acouitted himself so well that the
highest degree ever given was conferred upon
him and he was admitted to membership of
the Hanlln College, the highest literary body
in the whole empire. It may be remarked here
that the studious habits of his youth were
kept up in after life and there were few pro
fessional scholars in the whole vast empire
who could claim any advantage within the
range of the Chinese curriculum over the busy
old diplomat.
Membership in the Hanlin Cijllege carried
with it a certain salary, beside* entailing the
duty of furthering by every possible means the
advance of learning. As a rule a member of
the Hanlin College received in hi 3 turn an
appointment in the public service, and this
would have been his lot but for the interven
tion of extraordinary circumstances by which
his enersries were diverted into a much wider
and more active sphere than usually falls to
the lot of Chiness civilians.
Of his own motion he entered a field where
in lesr, than ten years lie waa to win the Gov
ernorship of the important province of Kiang-
See, with the title of Plh or Earl and the
fame of a great conqueror.
For many years the Hunghwui or Triad So
REPUBLICAN REBUKE TO BOSS RULE
Continued From Page One.
party machinery for railroad uses was
hatched during the last session of the
Legislature. A measure was put through
the Legislature to fasten bossism on the
people. It was engineered by Herrin and
Burke, Democrats, and John Lynch, Re
publican. It provided for the interven
tion of a State Central Committee into
local affairs. The vicious law was in
voked to compel or induce the Election
Commission of San Francisco to recognize
an apportionment of delegates, and a call
for a local convention emanating from the
Kelly-Crimmins County Committee. The
day that the Republican State Central
Committee came to San Francisco and at
a general meeting in Golden Gate Hall
slapped the Independent anti-boss Repub
licans in the face, the defeat of the party
in the municipal election was rendered
certain. Attention of Republicans and the
Republican press throughout the State is
directed to this phase of the contest. Had
our citizens belonging to the Republican
party been left alone to adjust their dif
ferences, harmony might have been re
stored, but after Judge McKinley, at the
suggestion of Governor Gage, came here
with a prepared programme to exclude
the Republican Primary League, there
was no hope for peaceful adjustment. The
Independent Republicans determined to
fight the boss machine and they fought
and won.
The victory has much more than local
significance. It means the overthrow of
the boss machine in State politics. Sen
ator Perkins will have no further trouble
in determining on which side of the fence
he shall alight. John Lynch, the obtru
sive and offensive collector of internal
revenue whose displacement Senator Bard
recommends, cast his political fortunes
with the bosses and went down to igno
minious defeat. His days as a Federal
office-holder are numbered. Stephen Kelly
of San Bernardino is getting ready to flic
his official bond as collector of internal
revenue for this district.
Before another election takes place the
Market Street Railway will have passed
to the control of Eastern capitalists, and
Jere Burkes occupation as a political
manipulator for the corporation vanished.
Samuel M. Shortridge, who is acknowl
edged to be a better orator than Wells,
emerges from the campaign somewhat
pad but still aspiring. He was the only
Republican speaker of any note that con
sented to speak for the boss interest. The
result of the local election diminishes by
one the number of candidates for the
United States Senate.
Crimmins did not accomplish as much
in his district as Herrin exnected. A
brief review of the situation is thus ex
pressed on the street: "Crimmins did not
. clety, whose Drofessed object was to over
throw the ruline Manchu dynasty and seat a
representative of the Chinese line on the
throne, had kept the southern provinces of the
empire in a disturbed condition, and In 1851,
headed by one Huns Siuts'uan, who styled
himself Tien Wong:, or Heavenly Prince, they
broke out in open rebellion. After overrun
ning the province of Kwang-s!. they started
on n. devastating; march northward, and gath
ering numbers as they went, crossed the prov
ince of Hunan to the Yangtsa River, passed
down that stream and early in 1853 appeared
before the eates of Nankin, which they soon
captured. This city, which had been the capital
of the empire under the Ming dynasty, the
Tien Wong proclaimed as the imperial city of
the Tainirut (Great Peace) dynasty which he
proposed to found, and appointed four of his
most faithful followers, Flng;, Yang, Siao and
Wei, as kings of the south, east, west and
north to assist him, besides others named
later.
Having captured all the cities and devas
tated the country on both sides of the river
to down near Its mouth, an advance on Pe
king was undertaken. In May, 185.1, a column
of Taininsrs left Nankin and marching through
Ngan-hui, Honan, Shantung and Southern
LEAVES HOME BECAUSE
OF HUSBAND'S CRUELTY
Mrs. Hilda Adolphson I>eclares That
She Is Not the Least Bit
Insane.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.-Mrs. Hilda Adolph
son, whose disappearance from her home
at 942 Capp street. San Francisco, was re
ported to the police of that city recently,
Is in Oakland. Mr. Adolphson Informed
the police of San Francisco that his wife
had left home with her little boy and that
she was supposed to be mentally unbal
anced.
Mrs. Adolphson says that she left home
because of her husband's cruelty and that
she is not in the least insane. She says
that she could no longer stand his treat
ment and took their child and came to
Oakland. The reports of her disappear
ance and the charge that she is unbal
anced, she declares, were issued by her
husband to annoy her. . She says she will
not give her Oakland address because
she does not want her husband to find
her.
TOO EXPENSIVE A HElFER— United
States District Attorney Woodworth yesterday
entered a nolle .Bros In the matter of the In
dictment against Robert Crabtree for stealing
a heifer from the Round Valley Indian Reser
vation. It was found that the heifer was
worth only $12 and that the mileage, witness
fees and other expenses of the prosecution
would amount to $875.
carry his district for Wells, but he Is still
carrying the $2500 that Herrin gave him."
The pudding for the push was the can
didacy of Fisk for District Attorney.
The political sharps, on the quiet, hint
that they "pulled Flsk's leg In the most
approved fashion." He was told that he
would win out for District Attorney in
the election and be placed in line for
Mayor two years hence.
No one knows how much money he
squandered in the struggle, but the boys
pir.ched a deal of it. His defeat is a sad
blew to the bosses, but his running was
a joy to the ever-hopeful push. It is a
proverb among the "grafters" that every
red-hot campaign produces one sucker.
Fisk was the Examiner's special favorite
on the Republican ticket and in view of the
services rendered by him to the paper in
the investigation of the police by the Leg
islative committee it is rather surprising
that the Examiner did not make a bet
ter show of reciprocity.
The popular man in the field was Judga
A. J. Fritz. He received the highest vote
of any candidate— 26,94s. John Lackmann
received 26,778, the second highest. The
third highest was Franklin K. Lane,
whose vote was 26,111. Judge Conlan came
fourth from the top with 26,027 votes.
Refusal of Patient to
Refrain From Work
Hastens the End
Chili, reached Tslnghal, near Tientsin. These
were shortly followed by another column,
which advanced as far as Lintolng In Shan-
Becomes a Soldier.
Li Hung Chans, then about 30 years of age.
was residing at his father's house when he
heard of the presence of the Taiplngs in his
native, province. His patriotic ardor was
aroused to the highest pitch, and, deeming it
the duty of every man who had any Influence
or authority to exert It to the utmost in his
country's behalf, he raised a regiment of mi
litia and took the Held against the rebels. They
were too strong to face, but he hung on their
rear and harassed their flanks as they advanced
northward with such tenacity and vigor as to
cause them great annoyance and stamp himself
as a" leader of no mean ability. When on de
feat of the first column at Tientsin both started
on the retreat to Nankin, pursued by the Gov-'
ernment troops, LI with his militia was on the
alert, and, though unable to fully bar their
way. checked and retarded their progress to
such an extent as to give the Imperial troops
time to overtake and destroy them by the
thousands.
This useful work and great service attracted
the attention of Tsing-Kwofan, the Vlcftroy of
Hukwang (Honan and Hupah provinces), the
generalissimo of the imperial forces, who at
once enlisted Li and his men under his imme
diate command.
Wins Military Fame.
Though trained for civil life, LI waa well
fitted lor that of a soldier. He was of strong
physique and commanding stature, being S
feet and 2 Inches in height, with bright,
piercing eyes, and possessed of natural strategic
ability and great tenacity of purpose. After
Tsing Kwofan LI was unquestionably the ablest
Chinese leader of his time.
He rose rapidly trom rank to rank until In
1859 he was sent as Taotai or intendant of cir
cuit to the province of Foklen. Soon after be
waa put at the head of operations against the
Taiplngs and with the able assistance ot
"Chinese" Gordon, which he bad secured,
finally checked them, and in July, 1564, by the
capture of Nankin, their capital, brought the
rebellion to an end.
In recognition of his sen-Ices ho was made a
Plh or Earl, "guardian of the heir apparent,"
and given a yellow jacket.
Thus launched Into public service, he con
tinued therein until his death.
His services, promotions and degradation* in
all these years were too numerous to allow no
tice of any but the most important. Following
the suppression of the Taiplngs he was made
Viceroy of Hukwang with his seat at Wuchang.
In l»6y he was made a Cabinet Minister and
soon after charged with the suppression of the
rebellion in Yunnan and then of the great Mo
hammedan uprising In Shensi.
China's Principal Spokesman.
While he was yet engaged in Sbensl tha ter
rible tragedy, the massacre of the French sis
ters and priests, waa enacted at Tientsin. The
crisis was a most grave one, and China's best
ma.n was needed to handle the situation. LI
Hung Chang, was summoned post-haste and
made Viceroy of the metropolitan province of
Chihll, in which the trouble lay. Here he
nrsi came in contact with European diplomacy,
and from that time on was the principal if not
the sole mouthpiece of China in dealing with
the outside world, and his acts are part ot
well known history. , To give here the more
important events in their order must suffice.
France, placated for the Tientsin affair in 1573,
Li made an important treaty with Japan. The
following year he settled the Formosan
troubles with that country.
In 1575 the Emperor, Tung-Chi, and the
Empress died, and the two elder Dowager
Empresses came again into power as regents.
Li was soon made Grand Secretary. In 18^6
he was charged with the settlement of the
trouble with England arising out of the Mar
gary murder in Yunnan, which he accomplished
by the famous Chefoo convention. In 1877 the
great famine occurred in Shensi and Kansu,
and on his shoulders fell the burden of reliev
ing the starving millions. The undertaking
was stupendous on account of the Inaccessi
bility of the region, but he organized an ef
ficient system of relief and gave, it is said,
over a million taels from his own purse for
the purchase of food and seed wheat.
In 1878 he settled the long standing dispute
with Russia over the Kuldja district retaining
It to China. In 1882 his abilities were exer
cised to their utmost in handling the out
break in Korea, and In ISS4 he outwitted the
French Commissioner, Fournier. In the settle
ment of the dispute over the Tongking-Chinese
border question. In 1885 a fresh outbreak in
Korea required a new treaty with Japan,
which he made with some advantage to China.
In 1886 he concluded another treaty with
France, and in 1887 negotiated the British out
of Port Hamilton, which they had seized.
Closing Chapters in a Great Life.
In ISSS LI was stricken with paralysis and
desired to retire from public life, but it could
not be allowed. He subsequently recovered
almost entirely.
In ISS4 tne war with Japan broke out. Li
wai relegated to the background for a time,
but soon called to the fore, and In 1595 sent
to Japan to make a treaty of peace. There
he was attacked and wounded by a fanatic,
but bore himself bravely and turned the in
cident to secure better terms for his country.
This treaty and the diplomatic handling of
the events that followed it bear a high tribute
to Li's keenness as a diplomat and farsighted
ness as a statesman. The consequences are
yet developing and a review of the whole must
wait.
In 1896 LI made his memorable tour of the
world, visiting all the principal capitals of
Europe and the cities of the Eastern part of
the United States. His retinue and equipment
were worthy of an Emperor, and he made
a great impression wherever he went.
When the recent great Boxer uprising in
Northern China and the siege of the legations
occurred Li was at Canton, being the Viceroy
of Kwangtung.
He was summoned to Peking, but wisely
delayed going until the foreisn troops were in
possession.
The oourt remained at Singan, whither It
fled, and charged LI with the principal part
In the long drawn out negotiations for In
demnity — which were concluded. How well lie
acquitted himself of that last great work Is
not yet fully seen.
Li was often called the "Bismarck of China"
and the "Gladstone of the East," but it is
a question whether either comparison pays a
full and fair tribute to the manner in which
he accomplished the great tasks imposed upon
him. He for thirty years met the best diplo
mats of the world and can hardly be said to
have been worsted.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps, as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish ; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Established over ioo years.
For Stomach Disorders,
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
VICHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
S2O BROADWAY. N. T.
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
Congressman Wilbsr Says
[To The Pe-ru-na Medicine Co. of Columbus 0.,]
"Pe-rii-ina Is All You Claim For It."
-.•- ~ ¦ ¦
. Congressman D. F. Wilber. of Oneonta, N. T., writes:
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, 0.:
Gentlemen — "Persuaded by a friend, I have tried ycur remedy and than
almost fully recovered after the use of a few bottles. lam fully convinced
that Peruna is all you claim for it, and I cheerfully recommend your medicine
to all who are afflicted with catarrhal trouble."— DAVlD F. WtLBER.'
Peruna a , Preventive and Cure for J "I hope that my testimonial may Induce
' * Cold«s V others who are similarly afflicted to try
>V • - . Oias - „ v Peruna."-Edward Laws.
pSiflS, of Se Ve p";,f. U ,^Bo N .,, nn B s - cT£ A PI °»"'«" Singer 5.., d From Urn
writes: r " of Voice.
"Whenever the cold weather sets in I Mr - Julian Weisslitz. 176 Seneca street,
have for years past beery very . buw " to" . 1 . •^n^ii'st^S^w^rk-S'tS
catch a; severe " cold, which was hard I leading second bass of the Sangerlusl.
to throw off, and which would leave after the largest German singing society of
effects on my constitution the most of the New York and also the oldest. ¦ - •••-
w!lw !ll ter V . •' ¦•, ' '- ••••'¦ ' In 1899 Th& Sangerlust celebrated Its
Last winter I was advised to try Pc- ! fiftieth anniversary with a large celebra-
runa and within five days the cold was i tion in New York City. The following la
broken up and in five days more I was i his testimony: ! ¦
a well man. I recommended it to sev- j "About two years ago I caught a »<-
eral of my friends and all speak the high- i vere cold while traveling and which set-
est praise for it. .There IS nothing iiKQ i tied into catarrh of the bronchial tubes.
Peruna' for catarrhai afflictions. It an( i so affected my voice that I was
reruna tor Catcrrhal Cftf/Ct/Ons. It obliged to cancel my engagements. In
is well nigh infallible as a cure, and Sgi.^^n %S£?i£s:
I gladly endorse it. — C. F. Given. cine before, I sent for a bottle.
; Gave New Life and Strength. t o find wlthta a few days 3U i rP waa
¦Mr. Edward Laws, Crown Point, Ind., ' greatly relieved, and within three weeks I
writes the following: ' • - j was entirely recovered. lam never without
• "I must tell you what a grand help Pc- it now, and take an occasional dose when
runa has been to me. For over two years I feel run down."— Julian Weisslltz. .
I suffered with catarrh of the lungs and i If you do not derive prompt and-satls-
throat, and, although I doctored tor It. : factory results from the use of Peruna.
nothing brought me relief until. I tried write, at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
Peruna. -One bottle helped me greatly, i full statement of your case and he will
and three more effected a complete cure, I be pleased to give you his valuable advice
while at the same time it gave such new gratis. - . ' ¦ •- "
life and strength to my whole body that I Address- Dr. Hartman. President of The
feel like a new man and ten years younger. I Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.
FTJT OFF BY CONDUCTOR,
FIRES SHOT AT ANOTHER
John Lefevre Under Arrest on a
Charge of Assault to Com
mit Murder.
John Lefevre, who claims to be the
keeper of a boarding-house at First and
Folsom streets, took a shot at Martin
Guyer, conductor of a car »lying over the
Eddy street route to the beach, when the
car was passing Seventh avenue last
night at 11:45 o'clock. He was arrestttt
and charged with an assault to commk
murder. The bullet just grazed Guyor s
face.
Lefevre was out to the beach with a
crowd of sailors. On the return trip he
created a disturbance on the car and was
put off by the conductor. The next car to
come along was in charge of Guyer.
Without warning Lefevre, who was stand-
Ing near the tracks, drew his revolver and
fired a shot at the conductor. The car die',
not stop, and on arriving at the Halght
street entrance to the park the assault
was reported to the police.
Policemen McManus and O'Shea were
sent out on the case. They found Le
fevre, who was making for town on foot.
They placed him under arrest. When
searched at the station a revolver with
one chamber exploded was found on his
person. The first report sent out was to
the effect that masked robbers had at
tempted to holl up the car, but such was
not the fact.
SUIT AGAINST THE EGG
ADDLEKS IS DISMISSED
Charles N. Champion and Fruitvals
Quarry Company Settle Differ
ences Out of Court.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— The suit brought
by Charles N. Champion, through At
torney General Tirey L. Ford, against the
Frultvale Quarry Company to enjoin it
from operating a quary in Fruitvale and
injuring the business of the chicken
ranchers in the neighborhood through fre
quent blasting that would .necessarily en
sue, was dismissed to-day, the attorneys
for the litigants having arranged a com
promise.
One of the reasons why the plaintiff did
not want the quarry in his neighborhood
was that the violent concussions were apt
to addle the eggs his chickens laid and in
jure the health of the fowls. The plain
tiffs sought a permanent injunction to re
strain the defendants, but now this is not
necessary and the eggs and chickens are
safe.
Eminent Frenchman to Lecture.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— M. Hughes Le
Roux, the noted French speaker, will
deliver a series of lectures at the Uni
versity of California during the spring
term, on the French contemporary ro
mance. He coves to America under the
auspices of the Cercle Francais of Har
vard, and this winter will lecture at Yale,
Princeton. Cornell, Chicago, McGill and
West Point.
M. Le Roux'a first lecture will be a
discussion of whether or not contempo
rary French novelists present a truth
ful picture of French society. The next
six will deal with the novelists Flaubert,
Daudet, Maupasant, Bouget, Zola and
Anatole France. The last will deal with
the younger writers. .M. Le Roux will
also give eight additional lectures on
topics of general interest.
Engineer Shoots at Fireman.
George James, engineer at Dundon's
Wood Preserving "Works at Sixteenth and
Illinois streets, was arrested last night
and booked at the Hall of Justice on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
His accuser Is John E. Goddard, fireman
at the works, who says James fired four
shots at him, none of them taking effect.
James says Goddard attacked him with
a shovel and that he fired one shot only
at him and that In self-defense.
Graduate Club Officers.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— 'ihe Graduate
Club of the University of California has
elected the following named officers:
President, Dr. F. W. Bancroft, "94: vice
president. Miss C. L. Raymond, "95; sec
retary. Miss L. E. Moller, '00; treasurer.
Edward McMahon, University of Wash
ington, '98; advisory committee. V". H.
Henderson, 99; A. T. Vlnacke, Drake Uni
versity, '92, and Miss E. R. Congdon, "99.
Despondency Causes Suicide.
William Clark, aged 37 years, residing
at 126 Golden Gate avenue, died at the
Emergency Hospital yesterday forenoon
from the effects of Inhaling Illuminating
gas. Clark left a note stating that des
pondency had compelled him to end his
life.
LOOK BEFORE YOU LEAP.
Look at the quality of work and the fin-
ish we put on the bundles we send home,
then judge for yourself whether it's not
to your interest to postpone sending your
laundry elsewhere till we show you what
well do for you.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004- Market Stress
Telephone— South 420.
Oakland Office— s4. San Pablo Aye.
1 California
Limited
¦ Leaves San Francisco daily
9:0O a. to.
New equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
V>£j vice, perfect in, every detaJl,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train.
. 75 hours to Chicago, and no
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
Office — 641 Market street and
at Ferry.
The Santa Fe,
HEREAFTER THIS FIRM WILL
USE AS A TRADEMARK
THE WORD
OCULARIUM,
OPTIOANS^S>J^"*
642 Market St. !«trumwt 3
umdc chromicli ßun.3iN&. CATALOGUE f3'[.
DR HALL'S BEINVi6ORATORjJS2H
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Five NI^IB*
hundred reward for any case we WB ¦•*
cannot cure. This secret remedy I ; f
cures Emissions. Irapotency. gjEJ *££
Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. BJfl WJT
Strictures. Drains. Lo«t Man- UUd UK
hood and all other wa. ting ef- JoHLJk
f^cts of self-abuse or txcesses. itmtßTTgiK*
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. |3: «uarantee<l
to cure . any case. . Call or address orders
HALLS MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sate .at IMS'*
Market «t.. S. F. Send for free book.
56
THURSDAY . . .* NOVEMBER 7, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS. Proprietor.
Keren All Cemm»ii;e*tisns ts W. 8. LEASE, raaiger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Frews «f>4
rTBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 in 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone PMM 202.
Delivered ttr Currier*. IB Cento Per Week.
Slng-Ie Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terms tor Mall, Including Postages
DAILY CAUL. <!»cloa'lDr Sanday). on* year I«.M
DAILY CALL (Including 6urd£y). • m0ntaa... ............ I.W
DAILY CALL, (including- Ecnday). i S-0nth5......^....... I.M
DAILY CALL— By F!cr'» M0aU1. ............................. ttc
fc~CNX>AY CALL, On* Tear..........................~........ I-**
WEEKLY CALU on* Tear l.Ot
All postmaster** are authorised to recelr*
! subscriptions.
•mmpte copies will t» forwar&ed when requested.
Mall sahscrTbers In erdwlns; change of address ahoaM b«
particular to civ* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to Ibwii a prompt and correct comr>!lane* with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GKORGB KKUGXESS.
Manager Fsreign Advertising, larqoettt Building, Chicig«.
(Lobs Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NKW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABXTOH .. Herald Boaar*
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
•TBPHK3I B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building;
CHICAGO kews stands:
¦hiiimi Boom; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rrtooat Boom: Auditorium HcteL
.WASHIKGTOIff CD. C> OFFICE 1400 O «t» IT. W.
MORTON K. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRA3TCH OFFICES— SZ7 Montgomery, corner of Clay. open
«BtH :» o'clock, to* Hayes, open until »:» o'clock. *»
McAllister, open until i:*o o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
•:•> o'clock. IMI Mission, open en til 10 o'clock. SCI Market,
•oner Sixteenth, open until • o'clock. MM Valencia, open
«BtU • o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until I o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until • o'clock. '¦
ROO Flllmort. open until » p. m. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "Nancy ft Co."
Columbia— "The First Duchess of Marlboro ugh."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
California— "ln Old Kentucky."
Tivoli— "The Belle of New York."
• Central — "Northern Lights."
Grand Ooera- house— "The New Boy."
Grand Opera-house — Grand opera, commend nr November 11.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening;.
Fischers— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Royal Italian Band.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Native Sons' Hall— Doctor's Daughters' Vaudeville Enter-
tainment and Doll Sale. Friday and Saturday.
i^Alhambra— "The Fantasttcks." Saturday night.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SAT.FA
By G. H. Tmbsen ft Co.— Monday, November 11. at 12
c" clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
THE DEFEAT OF WELLS.
MR. WELLS has gone down to defeat amid the
wreck of the Republican machine. That which
was expected to be a Republican walkover
has turned out to be a veritable retreat from Mos
cow. Not only has the head of the ticket fallen, but
most of the other candidates have fallen with him.
Virtually the machine has been broken to pieces, and
the aspirants for office who relied upon it to carry
them through are scattered like the passengers of a
wrecked automobile.
To intelligent students of our politics this result of
the campaign is not unexpected. From the first it
was predicted by The Call and by other authorities
that had made a study of the political situation and
the temper of the people. Every step taken by the
bosses who controlled the machine tended to destruc
tion. Where they did not act like knaves they acted
like fools. In not one single important proceeding
from the time they began till they nominated a ticket
for Supervisors that the head of the ticket condemned
did they act with sagacity or even decency. If they
had deliberately tried to wreck the machine they
Could not have gone about it more successfully than
they did.
In the first place the bosses called in the State Cen
tral Committee, the Federal brigade and the State ad
ministration to help them dominate local politics.
When, through the aid of the State Central Commit
tee, given in a manner so flagrantly unfair that the
very henchmen laughed at it, the bosses obtained con
trol of the local machinery of the party, they placed
it in the hands of two Democratic railroad bosses,
W. F. Herrin and Jere Burke. Those two men,
neither of whom was ever a Republican, proceeded
to virtually dictate the nominees of the Republican
party. Such domination would in itself have dis
gusted many Republicans, but when it was perceived
that the nominations were in the interest of the cor
porations rather than of the city, the disgust became
general, and the defeat of the ticket was assured.
By the vote on Tuesday the rank and file of the Re
publican party, the independent, self-respecting mem
bers of the organization, called Burns, Lynch, Kelly,
Crimmins and the rest of the gang to an accounting.
Those men. by their affiliations and alliances with cer
tain Democratic bosses such as Sam Rainey, man
aged to carry the Republican primaries by voting the
whole push of both parties for the candidates of the
bosses. Having gained control of the convention
they turned it over to the corporation bosses. It was
the Democratic attorney for the Southern Pacific
Company, for the Spring Valley Water Company and
the Market-street Railway Company who really named
the leading candidate? on the Republican ticket. The
result was the breaking away from the party of the
large independent Republican vote that elected
Schmitz.
The member? of the State Central Committee who
insisted the bosses in carrying out their schemes can
study with profit the result of their trickery. They
sullied themselves by doing a dirty work and they did
it for nothing. They put upon the party the shame of
Herrin's domination, and the result is defeat.
The interference in the fight of the Federal push,
headed by Collector John C. Lynch, is sufficiently
notorious to merit special reference. Lynch converted
his Federal office into a political bureau. He not
rnly himself neglected his official duties to do poli
tics, but he required his subordinates to be equally
indifferent to the work they are employed to per
form. Frequently persons having business at the Col
lector's office would find no one there to wait upon
them. Lynch even went so far as to bring his depu
ties from the interior to take part in the fight for Her
rin's men. Such offenses are too serious to be lightly
passed over. It is the duty of Senators Perkins and
Bard to take notice of them and have Lynch removed.
Xor should there be any delay in doing so. The man
i< utterly unfit for the office. He does not even try
10 fit himself for it. All public interests demand his
removal.
m::r,. SCHMITZ'S programme.
MAYOR-ELECT Schmitz in an interview with a representative of The Call on
Tuesday night gave an outline of the policy he would adopt when he takes of
fice. His statement can be read with satisfaction by all who are concerned in the
welfare of San Francisco and the conservation of law and order. It contains an
assurance that as Mayor-of the city Mr. Schmitz will in no wise support or sanction any
thing which tends to lawlessness and violence or any movement designed to disturb busi
ness or interfere with industry.
After recalling the fact that his father was one of the pioneers of the city, and that
he himself is a native son, having no other interest than the upbuilding of San Francisco,
Mr. Schmitz made three significant statements: First — "All classes and elements will
have just and fair representation in the commissions to be appointed by the Mayor. I will
consult the best interests of the city in making changes, and will fully respect the non-par
tisan spirit of the charter"; second — 'The Union Labor party did not exact a pledge of me.
I have made no pledges and therefore am in a position to exercise my own judgment in
the important duty of appointments to various commissions"; third — "I am a Republican,
and if parties swing back to their natural positions I will be found in the Republican
camp. I regard my election as a just and overwhelming rebuke to bossism."
From these statements the public will perceive that Mayor-elect 'Schmitz does not
regard himself as a representative of a class among the people, he does not deem himself
bound to labor agitators or demagogues, he does not look upon his election as a triumph
of labor against capital. He is a Republican. Like so many other staunch and true Re
publicans he revolted against the domination of the bosses who dictated the Republican
ticket. He perceives in his success a proof that the people are opposed to boss rule. In
heading a ticket in opposition to the boss ticket he did not abandon any of the political
tenets of Republicanism, and now that boss domination is overthrown he will be found
again in the Republican camp.
Those statements, made on the very night of the election and when Mr. Schmit2
was for the first time assured of victory, will go far to relieve the public of any fears that
may have been felt of the consequences of the victory. That the Mayor-elect was so
prompt and firm in making them shows that he had carefully thought the matter over
from the first, and had made up his mind that if chosen Mayor he would not be the ally
of labor agitators, nor would he put the city government into their hands. He is not a
socialist nor an anarchist, nor a revolutionist of any kind. He is a conservative Republi
can who is opposed to boss rule, but at the same time is equally opposed to the domina
tion of agitators and demagogues. He has made no pledges that will bind him in the
performance of his duties as Mayor. He says: "Above all things I desire the people to
understand that I shall not attempt to inaugurate a class administration."
Upon the showing made by such statements The Call believes the Mayor-elect to
be entitled to a fair trial from the conservative elements of the people. His coming ad
ministration must not be prejudged. There can be no question that Mr. Schmitz is right
in attributing his election less to the supporters of the Labor party than to the revolt of
the independent Republicans against the bosses who obtained control of the Republican
machine and used it for base purposes. Having taken that rightful view of the meaning
of his election, Mr. Schmitz may be expected to act in accord with it when he enters upon
the duties of his office.
Accepting the statements of the newly elected Mayor as being frank and sincere,
and relying upon his firmness to maintain them, The Call will give the new administra
tion a favorable consideration. It will be impartial in everything, and always ready to com
mend whatever the Mayor may do for the general good. None the Less it will fearlessly
point out any errors he may make and condemn whenever condemnation is justly incurred.
In short Mr. Schmitz has given good promises, and we shall help hisi to live up to them.
THE BRITISH DEBT.
SIR MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH, Chancellor of
the Exchequer of Great Britain, has warned the
taxpayers of the country that they must expect
an increase of the national debt and an increase of
taxation next year by reason of the enormous expen
ditures required for the war in South Africa and the
increase of the navy. Mr. John Morley, a Liberal
member of Parliament, speaking about the same
time, has pointed out that the annual expenditures of
the Government have increased during the last ten
years by £26,000,000, and that if the suspension of the
sinking fund be counted the increase has amounted
to £32,000,000.
These and similar statements made by financiers of
all parties show that the British people have begun
to take a very serious view of the financial situation
of the empire. From the close of the Napoleonic
wars down to the last year or two the British bore
their huge public debt without anxiety. In fact, they
developed a theory that a public debt is a public
blessing, and they looked upon the loans of the Gov
ernment with satisfaction rather than dismay. There
were many reasons for that attitude of the public
mind toward the question. The debt was being di
minished, industry and trade were increasing, Great
Britain was becoming the creditor of the whole
world, the burden of taxation required to meet the
expenditures of the Government was becoming
lighter, and the savings of the people invested in the
postal savings banks were rapidly absorbing the
debt.
A recent review of the history of the British na
tional debt shows that it was at its highest in the
year 1836, when it amounted to the enormous sum of
£853,000,000. From that point onward the effort was
made to take steps toward reducing this national ob
ligation. There were years in which this effort was
unsuccessful, but on the whole the attempt was cred
itably held to, so that in the year 1899 the national
debt of the United Kingdom had been reduced to the
sum of £635,000,000; that is, the English debt in
two-thirds of a century had been reduced by more
than $1,000,000,000.
That showing was highly gratifying to the tax
payers. They looked forward to the speedy coming
of a time when the public debt would be virtually ex
tinguished. In fact, the directors of the postal sav
ings banks began to complain that there were no
funds in which to invest the deposits so as to pay in
terest on them. Very different is the situation now.
In spite of the heavy increase of taxation the rev
enues fall far short of the expenditures and the Gov
ernment has had to borrow money to carry on its
operations. Moreover, while the debt is increasing
the industrial and commercial supremacy of Great
Britain is passing away. British financiers, therefore,
have awakened to the disagreeable truth that while
their expenditures are growing the means of meeting
them are diminishing. They perceive that there is a
real danger ahead of the empire, and one that cannot
be evaded. It must be met. The British taxpayer
must prepare himself to pay heavier taxes, even
though the income from his business may have de
clined.
It is a curious illustration of the way in which
seemingly small causes produce great results, that a
war against a petty people in the wilds of South
Africa should have brought the richest empire the
world has ever seen to a condition that threatens
something like bankruptcy. Of course the British
can pay out, and that without having to bear such
onerous taxation as rests upon the people of Conti
nental Europe, but none the less their debt is going
to trouble them in more ways than one.
There has been a general victory for "fusion
tickets" in New York, Pennsylvania and in this city,
and now we shall see how long the victors can
operate practical politics without confusion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
A MASSACHUSETTS MUDDLE.
MASSACHUSETTS does not give much,
thought to matters of politics. Her people
p.'C aware the Republican ticket is always
safe in their State, and they do not concern them
selves much about what happens in other States.
Consequently they have time and attention to
give to a discussion of what they doubtless regard as
more important problems, problems that afford more
opportunities for original thought and a display of
more skill in dialectics.
The problem upon which the wise men of Boston
p.nd of the surrounding country are engaged at present
is that of determining when a man is drunk. It is
not an idle question, nor is the discussion of it con
fined to philosophers. The Judges of the courts are
debating it with judicial solemnity and the press is
arguing it with vigor. It is, in fact, a live issue and
is treated as such.
The debate arose in this way: In charging a jury
in a divorce case a Judge told the jury they were not
to accept as conclusive the testimony of a woman as
to whether a man was drunk on a particular occasion.
The charge gave rise to some criticism, and the
Judge, by way of putting a stop to it, asked the ques
tion, "When is a man drunk?" The query raised a
commotion at once. The Boston Transcript says:
"Imagine the consternation of officials and of the
public when a learned Judge, without previous warn
ing, propounds the question, 'When is a man drunk?'
Of official definitions explaining the word drunk
there is apparently none satisfactory in the »law
books, and the traditional view of the police has been
already condemned. How decide?"
Face to face with this poser and with no help from
statutes or from Supreme Court decisions it was de
termined by some of the Police Judges to rely upon
the dictionary. Alas! that availed them little, for
according to the Century a man is drunk when "over
come, stupefied or frenzied by alcoholic liquor." The
Transcript says: "In the mind of the police the new
definition worked utter confusion. Their old
fashioned notions, based upon years of experience and
observation, were upset, and they knew not how to
make arrests according to the Century Dictionary's
requirements."
One of two Judges boldly declared they will not be
bound by the definition given in the dictionary. They
assert a man can be drunk without being overcome,
stupefied or frenzied. One of these says: "If the
courts should hold that to constitute the crime of
drunkenness it would be necessary to prove that a
man was overcome or helplessly drunk it would not
be safe for law-abiding people to live in the commun
ity." That sounds like common sense, and yet it does
not give a definition of drunkenness nor set forth the
sign* by which it can be distinguished. The issue,
therefore, remains as doubtful as it was before, and
much more muddled. It is to be noted, moreover,
that the whole controversy is drifting away from the
original pomt — that of deciding whether or no a
woman's testimony as to the drunkenness of a man is
of legal value.
Those sanguine persons who predicted that under
our beneficent rule the Filipinos would soon acquire
an understanding of American government were
right. There is already a movement in Manila to ask
for State government and the Tight to elect Aguin
aldo to the United States Senate.
It has been a bad year for machine politics every
where from the Atlantic to the Pacific Coast. It seems
to have been "wireless" voting all along the line.
We shall next hear of Seth Low as candidate for
Go.ernor of New York, and after that it will be time
to talk about the Presidency.
There appear to be just enough Democrats left in
Ohio to form a Coroner's jury in every county and
hold an inquest on the party remains.
GRAND BAZAAR IN THE POTRERO
TO RAISE FUNDS FOR A CHURCH
THE annual bazaar given by the La
dies 1 Aid Society of the Memorial
Presbyterian Church in South San
Francisco was opened yesterday m
the Opera-house Hall of the Mason
ic building. Fourteenth avenue South and
Railroad avenue.
The pastor of the church. Rev. H. N.
Bevier, made the opening address and
thanked the )adies who had given their
PERSONAL MENTION.
Don Ray, a merchant of Gait, Is at the
Lick.
J. G. Roberts, a banker of Madera, Is
among the arrivals at the Palace.
Carl W. Brown, an owner of several oil
wells near Fresno, is at the Palace.
S. T. Nishanura, a Japanese merchant
of Tokio, is a guest at the Palace.
Alec Brown, a member of the State
Board of Equalization, is among the ar
rivals at the Lick.
Mrs. W. H. Moreland, wife of the Epis
copal Bishop of Sacramento diocese, Is at
the Occidental.
H. S. Kirk, State Superintendent of
Public Instruction, came down from Sac
ramento yesterday. He Is at the Cali
fornia.
Edward Berwick, who owns some of the
best orchards In the Carmel Valley, is up
from Monterey county and has made his
headquarters at the Grand.
Peter Musto, who conducts a general
merchandise store at Stockton, Is here on
a short business trip and has made his
headquarters at the Grand.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Tha following
Californians have arrived:
San Francisco — J. A. Henderson, at the
Astor; F. Henry and G. Q. Chase, at the
Herald Square; A. S. Baum, at the Cadil
lac; H. Bryant and wife and G. S. Fol
som, at the Grand Union; P. F. Goodwin,
at the Park Avenue; Mrs. F. M. Gray, at
the Manhattan; H. Katz, Albert L. Mc-
Mullen and wife at the Imperial; W. H.
Murray, at the Cosmopolitan; G. F.
ShieldD, at the Westminster; C. F. Taylor,
at the Gilsey.
Oakland— L. A. Bar stow, at th« Everett;
C. Musgrave, at the Sturtevant; B. Hor
ter, at the Plaza-
Los Angeles— J. Stlllman, at the Grand
Union; G. W. Hooper, at th© Herald
Square; B. E. Ward, at the Imperial.
San Diego— W. L. Chamberlln, at the
Netherlands.
San Jose— Miss L. Howard?, at th© Man
hattan.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh— B. B. Lions and wife, Stockton;
Mrs. O. H. Brolts, J. E. Eaton and wife,
Charles Waltz, Charles E. Penny, W. A.
Koush, D. F. Oliver and wife, Oakland.
Metropolitan— George Hildeth and wife,
Miss Hildeth, San Francisco. St. James—
C. H. Smith, J. H. Hopkins, Hanford T
Callaghan, California; August Gissler and
wife, San Francisco.
Mrs. Horse— Does my hat really look
pretty on me?
Mr. Horse— l have told you so fifteen
times. Now trot along, and don't be gaz
ing at yourself in every plateglaus window
we come to.— Chicago Record-Herald.
PASTOR OF MEMORIAL PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH AND TWO MEMBERS
OF HIS CONGREGATION WHO ARE WORKING HARD TO MAKE THE LA
DIES 1 AID SOCIETY BAZAAR A SUCCESS.
time in arranging the details of the af
fair.
A number of pretty booths have been
erected in the hall and each one la filled
with handsome and useful articles donated
by the ladles of the church. The domestic
booth, the fancy booth, the camera booth,
the lunch booth, the refreshment booth
and the Spanish cafe are tastefully deco
rated, and during the day and evening
were well patronized. The grab-bag was
a source of amusement to all who ven
tured to investigate its contents, and the
attractions provided for children were
hailed with delight by the little ones.
The camera booth did a thrlvng business
yesterday, and in the evening photo
graphs were taken by flashlight.
The bazaar, which will remain op«>i
THE CHINESE BELLE OF AMERICA.
THE "RED AND WHITE"
WOMAN. DO YOU KNOW HER?
BEST KNOWN CLUB WOMEN
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
READ "HOW TO GET A NEW
FACE IN SEVEN DAYS."
"ALASKA'S GOOD ANGEL" IS IX
TOWN. WHO IS SHE?
THE STORY OF THE RESCUE
OF AN ORPHAN.
SWELLEST OPERA CLOAKS IN
THE CITY.
NEXT SUNDAYCALL
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN A CE
TURY PLANT IN FULL BLOOM'
MOST VALUABLE STRING OF
PEARLS IN THE WORLD.
ARE WOMEN AS SUCCESSFUL
IN BUSINESS AS MEN?
WESTERN STORIES BY WEST
ERN WRITERS.
LESSONS IN ETIQUETTE-THE
\ CHAPERON.
EASY LESSONS IN PHYSICAL
THE SUNDAY PAPER OF THE WEST.
from 10 a. m. until 11 p. m.. will
close to-morrow evening. The ladles of
the Aid Society who have charge of th-3
affair are: Mrs. G. W. Kelly, president;
Mrs. T. C. Leary, treasurer; >irs. H. N.
Bevler, Mrs. May Schmeckenbecher, Mrs.
H. S. McDougal. Mrs. George McDouga. 1 .
Mrs. William Stocks, Mrs. J. L. Davlos.
Miss Lilian Hare. Mrs. Ethel Smith, Mr;.
David Dodge, Mrs. Etta Walrath. Mr.*.
Paul J. Ayhens. Mrs. Fred Jurgenson.
Mrs. Etta Smith, Miss Effle Lewis an<l
Miss Ethel Hyde. The young ladies m
charge of the camera booth are assisted
in their work by Edward Wilcox.
An Interesting musical programme traa
carried out last evening before a large
audience. It will be repeated this evenir.g
and to-morrow night.
Among the pretty children who will as
sist at the booths is M'ss Mabel Leindeck
er. Her part will be to entertain the
little children who come to enjoy the ba
zaar, and that she will do her part well
is assured.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend, •
Choice candies. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •" ADVERTISEMENTS. ' :?
# — — -. ~
C_?) ' WRS vrt/dr^BL. 1
S_m__. ' fen __#_n__P____Hs_K?s__E£?^______^^^ t-Wvl^P J
___B_k^_j i __^riMV_i__L l_m V* Jt- -^BuuVsv^t ' Vi - -*=^ V_i
. <^ t____* _-fli (^^^Bk JtM
A A LITTLE BIG WASTE • v '
f^^ISTINGUISH between economy and wisdom.
81ISTINGUISH between economy wisdom.
Sitting at home to save shoe-leather is econo-
a^pj my, but it is scarcely wisdom. In the same
k*' A ' way, doing without Ivory Soap is economy
but it isn't wise; your risks are greater than all
possible saving. Every cheap soap contains free
alkali Now, free alkali will cat its way through
the new oil cloth on the kitchen floor. Imagine,
then, what it will do in a single Monday's wash-
ing! Is such economy wise? * ; •
—^— — — — — — — — — — T^^P^— __U__ll|__H|||
NAME TROOPS
FOR TRANSPORTS
War Department Offi
cials Announce Their
Programme.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The orders of
Var Department for transferring
iroop from the United States to the
s and from the Philippines to
r.ited States were published to-day.
second squadron of the Eleventh
ry will sail from New York on the
t. about December 1. The headquar
t-dE, band and third squadron
jail on the transport Buford fr«-m
York near the middle of January and
I rst squadron from San Francisco
I December 16.
The two battalions of the Twenty-eighth
Btry will sail from San Francisco on
the Grant about November 15 and the
r battalion will sail about December
15. li was supposed that this battalion
wouk go on the Warren, but as that ves
.isabied the battalion will
r!ily go later on the Hancock.
The department also directs that the
th, Twentieth and
ty-s y-'nents of infantry, now
ill sail for the
- transports are
A d spatch from Manila was received at
the War Department to-day confirming
the news that the transport Warren had
been disabled and stating that the Han
<r|cl- ad just arrived at Manila
had been i dispatched to Kobe.
Japan, where tne Warren now is, to bring
the passengers to San Fran
cisco. The Congressional party which had
been visiting the Philippines was among
the W arren's passengers.
COAI. MINERS RECEIVE
OKDEE FOR A STRIKE
Temple Iron Company's Refusal to
Reinstate Laborers Causes Re
newal of Trouble.
PCRANTON, Pa.. Nov. 6.-An order
• g a strike at the eight collieries of
I ?mple Iron Company was issued to
• from District No. 1, United Mine
: America. The strike results
refusal of the Temple Company
- ate fifty workmen who had been
1 and in whose case, it is ai
.lacklist from the Lehigh Coal
I any in the Maltby mines, where
they had been previously on strike, hai
jsed against them.
(The eight collieries operated by the
Temp c Iron Company are located In
Lacks wanna and Luzerne counties and
employ about 4000 men and boys. The
company closed down to-day the Mourn
Lookout, Harry Eand and Forty Fort
supposedly in anticipation of
It is expected the other col
1 be closed down to-morrow.
any officials refuse to make any
etaternent.
| DO YOU WANT TO BE STRONG? 1
I • To feel as vigorous as you were before you wasted your strength? 1
¦ To enjoy life again? To get up in the morning refreshed by sleep »
M and not more tired than when you went to bed? To have no weak- H
i ness in the back or "come and go" pains? No Indigestion or Con- E
stipation? To know that your strength is not slipping away? To g
H once more have bright eyes, healthy color in your cheeks and be M
[»¦ confident that what other men can do is not impossible to you? In II
I ! short, do you want to be a man among men? B
I Dr. flcLaughlin's Electric Belt I
L There is nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigorating, noth- ||
0 ing that will relieve weakness and pain as speedily and surely as Dr. pi
F. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. It is simple, but grand. It assists na- §1
|: ture by a general reinforcement of the vital energy by infusing a II
H mild, invigorating current of Electricity into the nerves and by sup- M
l{ plying the system with the very essence of nerve vigor and nerve II
|, Lame Back and Vital Weakness. M
! DR. McLAT_*GHLIX— Sir: Tour electric belt has done for me all you H
[¦ have claimed It would, and has Improved me to such an extent that lam ! g
rf now able to do a hard day's work, something I was Incapable of before com- k9
1 - mencing your treatment. I rent well at nl^ht. and my general health Is bet- 1 1
li tor than ever. You can refer to me, and it will give me great pleasure to | |
(I t- sk of the merits of your treatment. . : 1 1
U Very truly, E. R. HOUSTON, Armona, Cal. 19
[' Call and see it, or send for my free book telling about it. j I
! T\«- M f* li/T^T 5%i r/ifilfn 702 MARKET -ST., , n
yrl Dr. M. 0. MCLaVgnlin, Cor. Keamy, San Francisco. |l
' *M OFFICE HOUSED a. m to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to '. Km
-
SAYS LAWYERS
WERE WATCHED
Captain Mercer Testifies
Against Examiner C.
A. S. Frost.
The so-called Nome contempt case was
taken up again yesterday. Witness Coch
ran's long story of Nome history was
hurriedly run over in cross-examination,
and then Captain John F. Mercer was
placed upon the stand by the amicus cu
riae. He is the last of the Government
witnesses and an effort is being made tt
show by his testimony that C. A. S. Frost
used the Marsnals of Nome lor private
detective work.
Mercer testified that within a week
aftw his arrival C. A. S. Frost spoke to
him about the employment of detectives
to watch Judge Johnson, W. H. Metson,
Samuel Knignt, Charles D. Lane. Ken
neth M. JacKsou and other attorneys. The
witness said Frost introduced him to 3.
J. Garret, who refused to act as a spy on
other people. George Carson was aftei -
ward employe.!, also George I>. McLain
and a man named Harrow. These men
reported orally and also in writing. Ac
cording to the testimony the witness over
heard many conversations between th-;
detectives and Frost. Once Frost tod
Mercer that there would be a raid on th?
bank to take possession of the gold dusr,
and that this must be prevented at any
cost.
One of the conversations between Frost
and Mercer was full of moment. On the
stand the witness testified: "Frost said
the gold must Le protected, and if neces
sary the Marsnal must swear in a posse
comitatus. He said the gold must be pro
tected against the Lane crowd."
"What did Frost say about Judge Noycs
and the writs?" asked Pillsbury.
"He said Judge Noyes would do as he
pleased about them." replied the witness.
The cross-examination continued
throughout the greater part of the after
noon. Nothing of any great importance
developed. Judge Noyes will probably
take the stand to-day.
McKinley Memorial Fund.
The following contributions to the Mc-
Kinley memorial fund were turned in yes
terday:
Previously reported, $25,216 iJS; San Francisco
Savings Union, $100; Mutual Savings Bank,
$50; Richmond School pupils. $29; J. Mackin
tosh $25; W. H. Shafer, $25; Nonotuck Silk
Company. $25; National Parlor No. 18, N. S.
G W. $25; Pohonoehee Tribe No. 10, I. O. R.
M $s*; Sotozome Tribe No. 12, I. O. R. M.,
$10- Pocahontas Tribe No. 11, I. O. R. M. $3;
Apollo Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. F., $11; B. J.
Smttli $5; H. A. Hess, M. D., $2 50; Irving
School, $4 75; "William Carlson. $1; Raymond
May, 50 cents; El Dorado Parlor No. 2, N.
S G. W., $10; employes Standard Shirt Fac
tory $40; H. S. Crocker store employes. $21 BO;
H. S. Crocker printing employes, $42 75; H. S.
Crocker binding employes, $10 75; wampum of
Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75, I. O. R. M., $10;
cash from Examiner, 75 cents; Sunnyside
School. $4; Humboldt Evening School, $14; John
Swett Grammar School. $25 55; Lincoln Even-
Ing School, $37; Cogswell Polytechnic College,
$2— 565 55. Total to date, $25,759 60.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
GEORGE RAPHAEL DIES AFTER
OPERATION FOR APPENDICITIS
Friends of Well-Known Clothing Dealer
Shocked to Learn of His Demise, Which
Occurs After Illness of Only Three Days
QEORGE RAPHAEL, of the Ra
phael Clothing Company, died at
the Waldeck Sanitarium yester
day from shock, due to an oper
ation performed on him for ap
pendicitis. He had been sick only since
Sunday, and his death is a painful sur
prise to his host of friends, many of whom
did not know of his illness.
George Raphael was one of the best
WH,L GO ON SPECIAL CAB,
TO JCEET BAILBOAD MEN
Great Preparations Made to Entertain
Traveling Passenger Agents in
California.
Great preparations are being made to
entertain the traveling passenger agents
during their trip to California. ' A special
car leaves this evening to meet the rail
road men at Williams, Ariz. The follow
ing named will escort the traveling pas
senger agents through California:
J. Adams of the Nickel Plate, T. Mcc of the
Rio Grande, E. G. Waugh of the Missouri Pa
cific, B. H. Trumbull and wife (Mr. Trumbull
is the commercial agent of the Illinois Central
In Portland). T. K. Stateler and daughter of
the Northern Pacific, E. S. Blair and wife of
the Great Northern, Peter Harvey and daugh
tpr of the Baltimore and Ohio, H. R. Judah
of the Southern Pacific, A. M. Barnum of the
Southern Railway, J. L. Buel of the Southern
Pacific, H. K. Gregory, wife and daughter, of
the Santa Fe, C. E. Stokes of Thomas Cook &
Sons, L. F. Cochroft and wife of the Oceanic
Steamship Company and Amos Burr of the
New York Central.
Manager Agler, of the Southern Pacific
company, left yesterday for a tour of in
spection as far East as Ogden. He ex
pects to be gone about ten days.
H. W. Adams has been appointed com
mercial agent of the Chicago, Rock Island
& Pacific, vice F. H. McCormlck, who
died recently.
« ? ¦
WILLIAM WEBEB APPLIES
TO COURTS FOR RELIEF
Files Suit for Damages Against
Bakers' Union, Alleging It Con
spired Against Him.
William Weber is suing Bakers' Union
No. 24 for $5000 damages, which he al
leges he suffered by reason of a conspir
acy formed by the members of the union
to prevent him from working at his trade
of baker. Weber alleges that he was ex
pelled from the union without his knowl
edge, and that the union after expelling
him compelled his employer, John Langs
dorf, to discharge him. He secured a po
sition in Alameda, and was discharged be
cause the union, he alleges, threatened to
boycott his employer if he was kept at
work. He then secured a position with
Ruediger & Loesch, and he alleges the
union is boycotting the bakery owned by
them because they refuse to discharge
him. He asks that a receiver be appoint
ed to take charge of the funds of the
union until the suit is determined, and
that an order be issued from the court
restraining the union from boycotting any
firm by which he is employed.
DAVIS USES A PISTOL
ON HIS HATED RIVAL
Attempts to Murder Michael Doyle
During an Altercation on Mail
Dock.
Henry Davis, better known as "The
Parson," yesterday afternoon fired a shot
at Michael Doyle during an altercation
on the Mail dock. The men have had sev
eral rows, Doyle always emerging as the
victor.
About 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
men met on the Mail dock and renewed
their quarrel. Getting the worst of the
encounter Davis, who was under the In
fluence of liquor, drew a revolver and
flred at his adversary.
Just as he was about to Bhoot for the
second'time Davis was seized by several
bystanders who, after disarming him
turned him over to Policeman Camnon.
Struck by Steam Dummy.
Mrs. John P. Carroll, residing at 14
Lake street, was struck by a steam
dummy of the California street railway
last evening, and sustained an ugly and
dangerous scalp wound. Her collar bons
was also broken. The accident occurred
near Fifth avenue. Trainmen conveyed
her to the Children's Hospital, where her
wounds were dressed oy skilled attend
ants. Hospital authorities informed her
husband of the accident. Mr. Carroll
recently had his leg broken by an electric
car.
UNKNOWN DBOWNBD MAN FOUNDI—
The body of an unknown man about 60 years
old wa« recovered from the bay near Fort
Point yesterday by two fishermen. The re
mains bad been In the water for several days.
Nothing was found In the clothing- that would
identify him. the only articles being a key and
a pocket knife.
PROMINENT MERCHANT WHO DIED
YESTERDAY AT WALDECK SANI
TARIUM AFTER AN OPERATION.
known business men in this city. For a
number of years he had occupied a prom
inent position among the merchants here, ;
and his death causes a Vacancy in busi- ;
ness circles that will be hard to fill.
Mr. Raphael was a native of San Fran
cisco, having been born here forty-five
years ago. His entire life was spent here,
and the leisure moments that he could
spare from his business Interests enabled
him to make a large number of friends,
all of whom were appreciative of his
' worth in both a social and a business
way.
Mr. Raphael is survived by a wife and
four small children, I. Raphael, his father,
and Julius and Robert Raphael, his broth
ers.
SMITH AND GREENBEHG
INDICTED AND ARBESTED
Charges Preferred Against the Fed
eral Official and He Will Lose
His Job.
E. \Y. Smith and Leopold Greenberg, in
dicted by the Federal Grand Jury for sell
ing worthless notes of the defunct State
Bank of New Brunswick to a gang of
note passers, were arrested yesterday by
United States Marshal Shine on bench
warrants issued by United States District
Judge de Haven. They were released on
filing bonds in the sum of $3000 each.
Smith and Greenberg are proprietors of
a curiosity store on Montgomery street,
and some months ago they imported from
New Jersey a large quantity of the notes
of the defunct bank, printed from genu*
me plates. Some of these notes were se
creted by Smith in the storehouse of the
United States Life Saving Service, un
known to Major Thomos J. Blakeney, the
superintendent of the service, Smith being
at the time a clerk in the major's office.
For this indiscreet act, savoring of guilty
knowledge of the use to which the notes
were to be put, charges were preferred to
the department against Smith, and he will
probably lose his Job as a Federal official.
Divorce Proceedings.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Amelia Pellegrini against Annibale Pelle
grini for desertion, Gertrude Sargent
against Harry L. Sargent for intemper
ance, Charles D'Arcy against Lena.
D'Arcy for desertion, L. Fletcher against
August Fletcher for desertion, Albert C
Hermal against Nellie T. Hermal for
cruelty. Eva L-. Curry against Stephen
son Curry for cruelty and Nathan L
Griest against Clara S. Grlest for deser
tion.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Maria Oho from Henry Ohe for extreme
cruelty, Hattie Foster from Frank Fos
ter for desertion. Belle. Apple from J c
Apple for failure to provide, Maud Sut
ton from Theodore Sutton for extreme
cruelty and Florence T. Brown from G
O. Brown for neglect.
Asphyxiated While Asleep.
James R. Kilday, a meterman in the
employ of the Pacific Gas Company, was
asphyxiated in his room last Monday
night, it is believed, accidentally. Mrs
Sarah Kilday," his aged mother, went to
his room to call him early yesterday
morning and found him dead. -
Kilday had been afflicted with asthma
for a long time and had been in the habit
of sleeping with the gas lighted but
turned low. His friends believe that on
account of a sudden diminution of pres
sure the light went out while Kilday slept
and that he. was thus asphyxiated. '
¦ ? » .—. —
Police Chief Sullivan Very Sick.
Chief of Police Sullivan is a very sick
man. His condition is puzzling the physi
cians who are attending him. He is suffer
ing from nervous prostration and neuralgia
of the muscles of the heart. Three weeks
ago he was forced to take to his bed and
it was hoped that a week or two's' rest
would be sufficient to put him on his feet
again. Dr. Bazet says that there is no
immediate danger and he has every ,hope
that the strength of the chief's constitu
tion will pull him through.
Officer Staples Acquitted.
The Police Commissioners last night ac
quitted Officer Staple^ of the charge of
being off his beat and neglecting his duty
preferred by a citizen.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCALLED "HATE TONICS."
Most Hair Preparations Are Merely
Scalp Irritants, of No Value.
Most hair preparations are merely scalp
Irritants, miscalled hair tonics. When
hair is brittle, lusterless and begins to
fall out, the dandruff germ is getting in
Its deadly work at the root, sapping the
vitality. Since science discovered that
dandruff Is a germ disease there has been
only one preparation put on the market
that will actually destroy the dandruff
germ, and that is Newbro's Herpiclde. It
allays itching instantly, destroys the
germ; and the falling hair stops, and
hair grows luxuriantly. ABk your drug-
gist for Herpiclde. It allays itching In-
stantly; makes hair grow.
RAILROAD MEN
IN A BATTLE
Rival -Forces in New
Mexico Said to Have
Shed Blood.
Four Men Reported Killed as
a Result of the Con
flict.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Tex., Nov. 6.— The relations
between the Southern Pacific and Bisbee
Railway are still strained and the bitter
feeling between the forces of the contend
ing companies is increasing. In the vicin
ity of this city the situation is critical and
the decision in the injunction suit Is
awaited with interest as trouble is almost
sure to follow.
A dispatch from Alamo Gordo, N. M.,
to-day, where the attorneys are arguing
the motion to dismiss the injunction,
Btates that the officials there were notified
that a conflict between the rival forces
of the workmen at Deming, N. M., had
taken place, resulting in the death of
four men.
This report is not confirmed by railway
noen here, but it is stated that the Bisbee
forces overpowered four guards at Dem
ing, seized a Southern Pacific switch en
gine and removed ninety cars of building
material from the Southern Pacific yards
to the Bisbee sidings.
The Southern Pacific had held up this
material and the work of the Bisbee con
tractors was. being interfered with. A
raid was accordingly planned and suc
cessfully carried out, but if bloodshed re
sulted the officials here know nothing
about it.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— The Exchange Tele
graph Company says that Andrew Car
negie, previous to leaving Scotland for the
United States, was offered and declined a
baronetcy.
'amusements.
GRANDS
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
% Every Evening Except Saturday.
WALTER B. PERKINS
In the Funny Comedy, " .
THE NEW BOY.
POPULAR PRICES— IOc, 15c, 25c. EOc. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
STANFORD NIGHT— SATURDAY EVENING.
Special Programme, "THE MAN FROM MEX-
ICO."
STANFORD GLEE AND MANDOLIN CLUBS.
i Tickets at Sherman, Clay & Co. and Stanford
University.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
SEASON OF GRAND OPERA.
I Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
3 Weeks, Beginning Monday, Nov 11, at
¦ GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Monday Evening, Ncv. 11th.— LOHENGRIN.
Mmes. Eames and Schumann-Helnk: Messrs.
Van Dyck. Bispham. Muhlmann and Ed de
Reszke. Conductor, Mr. Walter Damrosch.
Tuesday Evening, Nov. 12.— CARMEN.
Mmes. Calve, Bauermelster, Van Cauteren
and Suzanne Adams; Messrs. Salignac, Jour- i
net, Bars, Dufrlche, Relss and Scotti. Con- ]
ductor, Mr. Flon. , , *
Wednesday Evening, Nov. 13.— TRAVIATA.
Mmes. Sembrich, Van Cauteren, Bauermels-
ter, Mertrs. Campanari. Vannl, Bars, Dufriche,
Gllibert and.De Marchl. Conductor. Mr. Sep-
Pllli. •.*¦;. •
Thursday Evening. Nov. 14.— TANNHAUSER. •
Mmes. Eames, Bridewell and Reuss-Bolce;
Messrs. Van Dyck, Blass, Bars, Reiss, Muhl-
mann, Vlvlanl and Bispham. Conductor, Mr.
Walter Damrosch. \
Friday Evening. Nov. LES HUGUENOTS.
Mmes. Gadskl, . Homer, Bauerrnelster. Van
Cauteren and Sembrich; Messrs. De Marchi,
Journet, Scottl, Bars, Reiss, Vlvlanl, Dufriche,
Vannl and Ed de Reszke. Conductor, Mr. Flon.
Saturday afternoon, Nov. 16.— FAUST. : .
Mmes. Calve, Bauermelster ana Homer:
Messrs. Dippel, Campanari, Dufriche and Ed
de Reszke. Conductor, Mr. Seppllli.
Saturday Evening, Nov. MANON.
Mmes. Sibyl Sanderson, Marylli, Bridewell,
Van Cauteren; Messrs. Declery, Journet, Glli-
bert, Bars and Salignac. Conductor, Mr. Flon.
Seats now, on sale at Box Office of Grand
Opera-house. Prices — 12 $3, $4, $5 and $7.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
f* ft I II DI A SAII FRANCISCO'S
VULUIIIDIA leading THEATRE
ALL THIS ANDNEXT WEEK.
Every, Night (Except Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
IS^ILE MOYNE
In the Brilliant Historical Play,
THE FIRST CHARLES
DUCHESS OF »"'tz rr b y r . i
MARLBOROIIfiH '"¦"•'-•¦
Every Evening This Week. : ' ' 
V SPECIAL JOCKEY NIGHT TO-MORROW.
Jacob Lltt's No. 1 Company.
IN OLD KENTUCKY
The Famous Original PICKANINNY BRASS
BAND, and other Interesting features.
Next Sunday -"SHORE ACRES."
. SEATS RHADfy.
'CALIFORNIA— EXTRA— Elllnghouse and Op-
penheimer bee to announce the last two Ex- j
planatory Recitals at the Piano. This After-
noon at 3:15. - WAGNER'S "Die ' Melstersin-
ger";. Nov. 12th, "Tristan und Isolde," by
Walter ' Damrosch.
• SEATS READY.
\tty ™ : - vmtscnriuu
TO-NIGHT— EVERY. EVE. THIS WEEK.
' MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
. A PRONOUNCED WINNER. .
The Great Indian War Play^ '
NORTHERN LIGHTS
One of the Most Stirring War Dramas Ever
Seen in San Francisco.
DirCC Evening 10c, 15c, 26c, 35c, 60c
rKlvEj Matinee 5 .................. ..me. 15c. 25c
Next "LIGHTS O' LONDON.".
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO > vs. LOS ANGELES.
To-day, Friday and Saturday at 2:45.
SUNDAY ._ LII1 .AT 2:80 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,:
Eighth and Harrison streets. v .
AFTER THE GAME
THE ASSOCIATED STUDENTS OF THE
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA PRESENT
ROSTAND'S POETIC COMEDY,
. — — THE FANTASTICKS ;
—THE FANTASTICKS-— — ...
At the ALHAMBRA THEATER, SATURDAY.
, ¦ ¦ .... Nov. 9th, at 8:30 p.m. - ; - ;
• Reserved Seats at Sherman, ¦ Clay & Co.'s.
price5.;.;'.... ....."..;v...........;.|L00, 75c, we
AMUSEMENTS.
THE
" DOCTOR'S
DAUGHTERS'
Vaudeville
Entertainment
-AND-
DOLL SALE
NATIVE SONS' HALL,
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY,
• November Bth and 9tL
I Open from 1 1 a. m. until 5 p. m.
ADMISSION .... 50 CENTS
Children 25 Cents.
Vaudeville Both Evenings at 8:30.
ADMISSION $1.00.
pSfrRACING
EVERY WEEK DAY-RAIN OR SHINE.
6EA6ON 1901-1002.
OPENING NOVEMBER 2, 1901.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains Hopping- at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Bay your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars ko direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning:— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
P.. B. MILROY. Secretary.
' ABSOLUTE NOVELTIES!'
The Onllaw Trio, Burton's Acrobatic !
Comedy Dogs. The Lockos, Lillian
- Burkhart and Company and the
Bio graph. Last times of Jessie
Dale. Miyo San, Harris and Wai-
ters and the Beaux and Belles.
¦ Reserved Seats, 25e; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
I and Opera Chairs, 60c. .
*TIV_PLI*
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening at 8 Sharp.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday at 2 Sharp.
THE TOWN TAKEN BY STORM !
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
•JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In the Great Musical and Laughing Success, j
THE
Belle of New York, i
POPULAR PRICES— 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
Belasco and Thall Managers
OUR STOCK IS
! INCOMPARABLE !
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WhEK.
NANCY and CO.
IT'LL MAKE YOU LAUGH.
. Regular Matinee— and Sunday.
Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
NEXT FOR FAIR VIRGINIA
Ros s PAi\in
ITALIAN UflllU
A Greater Triumph Than Ever.
Return Engagement— SlX CONCERTS.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON-TO-NIGHT
METROPOLITAN HALL.
Thursday. Nov 7 GERMAN NIGHT
Friday, Nov. 8.. FRENCH NIGHT
Saturday, Nov. 9 VERDI MEMORIAL I
Last Matinee Saturday. ',-¦'¦ ±\'\,
POPULAR PRICES 50c. 75c,f*10<>
Seats now selling— Sherman, Clay &Co."s.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
TO-NIGHT!
The Amateurs
AND
A FAT LADIES' _RUNNING RAGE,
SPECIAL SATURDAY NIGHT.
PAST MASTER WORKMEN'S ASSOCIA-
TION NIGHT AT THE CHUTES.
. Telephone for Seats— Park ' 23.
I?Tqpiipß»q CONCERT HOUSE,
riOtniln Admission 10c.
Eleanors Jenkins; Swor and Hathaway: Celia
De Lacy; Wise and Milton; Th* Laskeya; Deets
and Don; Christian; George Jones; Hlnrlcha'
Orchestra. - Reserved Seats. 25c. Mat. Sunday.
I PALACE HOTEL. I
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. • "" . .
GRAND HOTEL.
ADVE&TISEMSUTTS.
EXTIIOIU
AUCTION
SALE
.. OF ...
REAL ESTATE
The following choice and select list of
Improved and unimproved properties will
be sold for the heirs of the late William
A. Piper, at our salesroom, Monday, No-
vember 11th, 1901, at 12 o'clock noon.
Subject to confirmation by the Superior
Court. Gustave H. Umbsen. Sole Referee.
212 WASHINGTON STREET.
Be vcen Front and Davis streets. Im-
provements consist of 'rame building.
Rent $60 per month. Lot 22x120 to Oregon
street.
712-714-716 KEARNY STREET,
Southeast corner of Merchant street.
Improvements consist of a substantial
three-story and basement brick building,
containing two stores and lodging-house.
Rents $300 per month. Lot 40x88:3.
_____
624 MARKET STREET,
Between Montgomery and Kearny. Im-
provements consist of a two-story and
basement brick building. Rent $375 per
month. Lot 20x80.
1450-1452-1454-1456 AND 1458
FRANKLIN STREET,
Southeast corner of Bush. This choice
investment consists of two corners wlta
five elegant two-story and basement
houses of 14 rooms and bath each. Rents
$315 per month. Lot 120x114:1
ALSO
Two desirable building lota 25x130 each.
Fronting on Bush street and Fern avenue.
237-239-241-243 AND 245
THIRD STREET,
Northeast corner of Clementina street,
between Howard and Folsom streets. Im-
provements consist of frame building, con-
taining six stores. Rents $121 per month.
Lot SOxlK.
1451 -1 453-1 4551 457 AND 1459
FRANKLIN STREET,
Southwest corner of Bush street. Choice
investment, consisting: of two corners,
with five elegant two-story and basement
residences of 14 rooms and bath each.
Rents $350 per month. Lot 120x144:9.
1212 TO 1226 POLK STREET,
Sout.ieast corner of Bush street. This
choice business property consists of two
1 corners and is close to the transfer point
of Sutter and Polk streets. Improve-
ments consist of 8 stores and 3 flats with
frame building. No. 1325 Bush street.
Rents $331 per month. Lot l_flxloo. li.ree
frontages.
219 FRONT STREET,
Between California and Sacrament*
streets. Improvements consist of a two-
story and basement brick building:. Rents
$140 per month. Lot 25x87:6.
25 AND 227 THIRD STREET,
Southeast corner of Tehama 3treet.
Choice business corner. Consists of frame
improvements, containing store and flat
above. Rent $60 per month. Lot 30x80.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER
AND GOUGH STREETS.
This choice corner would pay hand-
somely if properly improved. Lot TOxLSO.
Three frontages.
M'ALLISTER STREET,
Near Junction of Market and Jone«
streets. This choice business property
could be made to yield handsomely if
properly improved. Lot 123x37:6. Irreg-
ular. /
CITY HALL AVENUE,
Between Leavenworth and City Hall
Square. Two choice building lots. 23x109
each.
BUSH STREET, SOUTH SIDE, BE-
TWEEN LARKIN AND POLK.
Eight desirable and choice building lots,
25x120 each. Two frontages. To be offer-
ed separately.
SOUTHWEST CORNER BUSH
AND LARKIN STREETS.
Four desirable building lots, consisting of
two corners, 27:6x30 and 35x112:6 each.
GIFT MAP NO. 3.
Elsie street, west line, between Esmeralda
and Virginia streets. Lots 364-366-367 and
S6B. 2Sx*> each.
POTRERO.
Portion of Block 520. Let 200x200. Thre*
frontages.
Portion of Block 518. Lot 100x130. Two
frontages.
Portion of Block 513. Lot 100x400. Thrse
frontages.
Portion of Block 514. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 441. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 466. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 492. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages.
Portion of Block 475. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages.
Portion of Block 512. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages.
For catalogue and further particulars,
apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St.
78
HUNTSMEN AFTER
MOUNTAIN LIONS
Expedition Will Start for
Western Santa Clara
County.
Hopes to Exterminate Wild
Beasts That Are Annoy
ing Ranchers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— A family of moun
tain lions has been terrorizing the district
surrounding the Hidden Villa, near the
Arnold ranch, in the mountains in the
western part of the county, for a month
past. There is an old lion, a lioness and
a nest of cubs. They have played havoc
with the stock in that section, and their
depredations have become so bold that it
has been determined to hold a lion hunt
to exterminate them. Pigs, goats and
ther small farmyard stock nave been
carried away, and a colt, belonging to
Rancher Singles in that neighborhood,
was killed and devoured. The Hidden
Villa was a favorite spot for many deer,
but they have all been frightened away
by the lions. Several times ranchers have
come upon the lion family, but each time
they escaped bullets fired at them.
To-morrow Deputy Sheriff J. D. Martin
and a party of hunters from Mountain
View, with a pack of hounds, will begin
a hunt for the lions. Ranchers will Join
them. The party will be gone several
days.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes in the Postal Service and
More New Pensions Are
Granted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. C— The Post^pce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postoffices discontinued November 3U —
California— Temescal, Riverside county,
man to Corona. Oregon — Cannonbeacn,
Clatsop county, mail to Seaside; Carter,
Malheur county, mail to Rockvllle, Idaho.
The following postoffices in California
become presidential December I— Folsom,
salary of postmaster $1100; lone, $1000; Le
xnoore. EMM. Oregon— Melton, $1000.
These pensions were granted — California
—Original— John Orr, Sonora, $12; John J.
Morgan. Los Angeles, $12; Edward Mr-
Cready. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8;
Rebecca Rodgers, Sheridan, $8. Washing
ton—Henry N. Akin. Tacoma. $8; Milo U.
Crawford, I/exington. $in.
These patents were issued: California -
Wiliiam C. Anderson, San Jose, assignui
to Anderson Prune Dipper Company,
Banta Clara County, package for dru^d
fruit cr the like; Arthur F. L. Bell. Los
Angeles, treatment and conveyance of
mineral oils; Bernard Berg, San Fran
cisco, malting apparatus; Rufus M. Close,
ugeles, pipe coupling: Charles B. E.
iott, l»s Angeles, axi; linder for lenses;
Ephraim W. Fairbanks. Los Angeles, d..
Vided axle car truck; Eugene W. Flint,
Pasadena, holder lor repairing bicycles.
Martin E. H. I-'orst. assignor one-half 10
R. J. Davi^. tfasi Francis-co, incandescent
electric lamp; Van-en Hill, Los Angeles,
non-reiillable bottle; John Keane. Sa>i
Francisco, ventilator cup; Frank A. Kel
l^y, BusanvfUe, velocipede driving mech-
F.nism; George W. I-oe. assignor by mesno
assignments to W. J. Hotchkiss. Sar.
Francisco, amalgamator: Ralph E. and
H. Thibalt. Stockton, mop wringer; Wil
liam Wildman, Spadra. assignor one-hai;
to R. M. Furlong, Pasadena, disk harrow.
Oregon— Will ium McDonald. Albany,
and E. A. Wrieht. Portland. Wright as
signor to McDonald, slot guard for coin
ontrolled gas meter: James L. Reavis.
La. Grande, plater bite plate.
Washington— Lars E. Boquist, Seattle,
rotary water motor ; Charles L. Chandler,
Prattle, trunk tashinc; James Hattely. as
signor one-half to M. L. Heine, Seattle,
band and shoe for tank: .
PAINTi WILL CONTEST
SETTLED OUT OF COURT
Heirs Effect a Compromise After the
Second Trial Is Under
Way.
FAN" JOSE. Nov. 6.— The second trial of
the contest of the will of the late Olive
V. Paine, a piorx^r woman of this county,
was suddenly ended to-day by the heirs
reaching a compromise. Mrs. Paine died
In Gilroy a couple of years ago. leaving
an estate of $14,000. Her husband. John
Paine, was to have been cared for by her
*rri. V'il'iam Paine, during: his life and
at his oeath was to have the entire estate.
Mrs. Mary Haul) and John Paine, two
other children, were disinherited.
These two at once began a contest, al
leging that the brother. William Pahie,
had exercised undue influence over their
mother. The first trial reniltPd in a dis
agreement. Thf- selection of a jury for a
recend trial was in progress to-day when
It was announced that a compromise- had
b^er. reached, and thf contest w:?-
m!ssed. By the terms of the agreement
the estate is to be held in trust during
the life of the father. John Paim . ami
on his death it is to be equally divided
among the three children.
RAILWAY TO TRAVERSE
OREGON TIMBER BELT
Sugar Pine Lumber Company Wfll
Soon Have Thirty-Mile Line
Under Construction.
REDDING. Nov. ¦:. — In spito of the talk
cf railroads in Siskiyou and Shasta coun
ties, the first new road of any extent into
the great timber belt of Northern Cali
fornia and Southern Oregon is to begin
right at the line between the two States
and extend off into Oregon. lt is promised,
however, that other roads will now be
hastened and that a line through Siski
ynu's timber bolt and later into Shasta's
will follow.
The Sugar Pine Lumber Company will
begin the laying of tie? on November 14
for thirty miles of railway, reaching from
Kiamathon to Pokegama. It is proposeu
to have the road in operation by next
July or sooner and carrying logs, freight
end passengers. It will be a standard
gauge road, with sixty-pound rails. The
cost of construction will be $20,000 a mile.
There will be only one bridge, which will
span the Klamath River about two miles
from Jenny Creek.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nervousness
upsets th? nnJ prevents
te nutritive elements from get-
ting into the b!ood. The stomach
finally rebels against food and th»
result is dyspepsia. The Bitters
wi 1 strengthen the nerves and
cure dyspepsia, constipation,
biliousness, flatulency, also
create a hearty appetite, purify
ihe blood and build up th* sys-
tem. Be sure to try it,
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
-aT^^^^F^^^M remedy for Gonorrhoea,
4 *A&grriittc^gia £-£*' Spermatorrhoea;
Jg£3T CURES yjS Whites, unnatural dU-
fS&lflß 1 to I &»t*- V cha-rtros, or any lnfiamma-
WsSi GaaraßMad i* *• tion, irritation or nlcera-
m A PrtTtnt enufiDD. tioa cf com mem-
ETTIrriEEviNS CHruirn (M br * nee - aon-Mtrlngent.
n -^°'BP« > ient la PW* "raroer.
}Bk c - 8 *-^M by exprwie, prepaid, for
>^«BBpy B Circular sent on request.
AUTOLIGHT BREAKS A COAST RECORD
IN DEFEATING BARBARA FRIETCHIE
Hagerdon Also Blossoms Out as a High-Class Sprinter,
Equaling the Oakland Track Record — Surprises Were
Furnished by Ben Ledi and Artilla, Both Rank Outsiders
AFTER standing the bombardment
for six years the coast record for
a mile and seventy yards of 1:44%,
made by Remus at the old Bay
District track, was lowered to
1:44 by Autolight in the fourth event at
Oakland yesterday. Green Morris' shifty
colt, carrying 110 pounds, had for pace
maker Barbara Frietchie. It was the
Eastern filly's first start, but she appeared
tuned to concert pitch, measuring off the
first mile in 1:40 flat. Autolight is a rare
good stretch runner and when O'Connor
shook him up he passed 'he filly, winning
by more than two lengths. Articulate is
apparently rounding into form, -for the
brown fellow finished a close third.
The track was lightning fast and the
large crowd attending was treated to
some splendid sport. Besides the record
smashing performance of the Morris
horse, Hagerdon, carrying 117 pounds, ran
five furlongs in 1:00, equaling the track
record, made by Aluminum-, with a
"catch" up. For those who like to play
around the favorites, Ben Ledi stole in at
15 and Artilla at 20 to 1. Only two choices
were elected.
80 open did the introductory sprint look
that 3 and 4 to 1 could be had about any
of the starters, though Doublet eventually
went to the post favorite. He was raced
to a standstill by Frank Bell, which
sprinter was in turn collared by Hagerdon
and beaten out three lengths. Johnny
Woods had the leg up on the winner.
Jack Atkins' fast piece of equine
mechanism, Glendenning, ran circles
around the other starters in the futurity
course sprint for two-year-olds. The St.
Carlo youngster ruled a 1 to 2 chance and
won by himself, six lengths before Ino
cencia. Parizade chased the winner for
seven panels and then fell back from the
firing line.
Everybody had a bet down on Tower of
Candles to win the six-furlong sprint which
followed and the filly proved an awful
disappointment. Backed to 3 to 5 favorit
ism, O'Connor had the mare in his lap
for three furlongs, but when she was let
down went all to pieces. Winslette,
astride Ben Ledi, a 15 to 1 shot, then led
Bernota out five lengths.
P. Ryan started Obia back in the seven
furlong number, but her race of the pre
ceding day and the weight she was giving
away proved too much of a handicap.
Bringing up Impromptu from the rear di
vision, Jesse Matthews got home first with
the colt nearly two lengths in advance of
Horton. Five to 1 was laid about the win
ner.
Simply from the fact that O'Connor had
the mount on Free Lance, the ring made
Harry Stover's horse a 6 to 5 chance. He
was never prominent. Riding an excel
lent race on Artilla, Birkenruth landed his
mount first at the stand in a head finish
with See on Lizella.
Track Notes.
ft flippatrll from Louisville, Ky., yes
terday states that Barney Schreiber has
securod the services of Jockey Johnny
Dugan for the California season. Barn?y
will be here *-lthin the coming two weeks.
Among ihe visitors at the track yester
day was William A. Pinkerton, of the
great detective agency. Mr. Pinkerton !s
a great admirer of the turf.
M. J. Daly is back In California -with a
small but select stable. He says his two
boys, Johnny and L. Daly, will be here
shortly.
The American debut of the English
horse Royal Flush could not be termed *>
success. He was one of eight starters in
the opening sprint and O'Connor fatied to
get away whea the barrier was released
rie was well backed by the stable con
nections.
School for Scandal seems unable to get
away from the barrier. She will one of
these days and that will be the end of
the story, for the filly is very fast.
It Is said Tom Ryan holds an option on
both Glendenning and Achilles, now
owned by Jack Atkins.
Down in the paddock Barbara FrietehJe.
owned by Mrs. Madge Cone, was the cy
nosure of many eyes. This was because of
a $10 l«ill being braided in the headstall of
the filly with a piece of ribbon. This it
appears was a custom in vogue down in
some of the Southern States "befo the
wah " and was slipped out by the rider if
successful in landing his mount first.
Justus Goebel took the barrier with him
in the start of the last race. One end of
the webbing caught Hoar, who had the
mount on Miss Vera. brushing him flrom
her back as a feather duster would a fly.
The bey's breathing apparatus was tem
porarily disarranged, and that was about
all. The mare ran away over a mile.
P. Sheridan is still on the trail of Frank
Doss. After Impromptu polished off Hor
ton his sellinjr price of J7OO was tilted to
$1000 bj- Sheridan.
To-day's Entries.
First rare— Four and a half furlongs, purse,
maiden two-year-old.«.
2T3" Perfection IM „.. Peggy Miles. ...110
¦_'4'ti M,m ya UI 2771 Major Bird... 113
Schwarzvralri .MS 2n«fi Flattered 110
... Rosarle 110 2603 Armado 110
2390 Cathelo 105 i 2XII Yrsula ... 110
277S 1). of Richelieu. llu! Buzz HO
2441 The Maniac. .. .lnr,
Rpcond race— Six furlongs, selling, three-year
old? and upward.
2770 Darlene 104' 2770 King; Dellis.... 112
2771 Mid. Chimes. ...10>) 2777 Bedner .... 107
277S Sa-J! of Tarsus. l€ 9 2770 Fridolin ... 104
276S Xellie Forest. .. 10< £767 Koeniß ins
2770 Diomed 109 2776 fusion . ]09
277J Duckoy 1091 2775 Howard 109
Third race— Four and a half furlongs, purse
maiden two-year-olds.
2590 Pheny L 1051 2653 Sen. Bruce.. 113
2653 Redan 110, 2603 Rob. Bonner II 110
... Mintaka 10S 2729 El Chihuahua. 113
2771 St. Sever 110, 2452 Autumn Time. .llo
... .Tosie G 110 2778 Yankee Dame. .llo
1553 Malasplna 105 2333 Tori la 105
Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing, three-y-ar-olds and upward.
2769 Torsida 107 2777 The Singer 105
2772 John McGurk.. 98 .... Rushflelds 100
(2773) Bedeck 107
• .t.J-»..f..«. .«. t ? t T « t t '....., .. t
IX)S ANGELES COMES
TO MEET THE LEADERS
Manager Morley Hopes to Make a
Fest Finish for the Baseball
Pennant.
Although it is generally believed the
San Francisco baseball team has fore
closed Its mortgage on the pennant, Man
ager Morley of Los Angeles has not en
tirely abandoned hope. Moreover, interest
in the game is still keen, and this week's
series between Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco win no doubt be largely attended.
The line-up for to-day's game is as fol
lows:
Los Angeles. Position. San Francisco.
Spi»s Catcher Wilson
Altrock or Jones.. Pitcher Whalen
Kilim iFlrst base Pabst
Reitz Second base Krug-
Rellly Third base Heilly
Hall Shortstop Shay
Hemphill Left Held HiMebrmnd
Housefiolder Center field Nordyke
Dougherty Rlfftit field Schwartz
Supposed Cattle Thief Sentenced.
SPOKANE, Nov. 6.— J. C. Thompson,
alias J. C. Moore, a suspected cattle
thief, who escaped from an officer in this
city last month after a revolver duel with
deputy sheriffs, has been captured at The
Dalles, Or., as he was tramping south to
California. He is the fifth member of the
gang to be landed In jail.
Musical Treat for Stanford.
STANFORD, Nov. 6 —Professor Ste
phens, director of the large Mormon
Choir of Salt Lake City, has made ar
rangements to give a concert at the uni
versity some time In March. The choir
consist* of 200 voices and won the first
prize at the California Midwinter Fair.
Of what use is a girl's elocution to her?
She is never picked out as orator for a
Fourth of July celebration.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901*
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Wednesday, Nov. 6, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2TS2. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; all .ages; value to first, $325.
Index. Horse. Age. Wt. St. %. .%. Str. , Fin. Owner and Jockey. ¦'.. Op. Cl.
(2765) Hagerdon, 4.. ......11" 3 31 2h 2 2 13 H. L Frank J Woods 3 7-2
2764 Frank Bell. 5 1171 1-22 ll» 1 n 25 J. W. O'Neal & Co' Winsltt 4 9-2
(2,64) Doublet, 4 117 4 lh 3 3 3 2 3 2 D. S Fountain Hoar 3 3
2764 Scorpia. 4.. .. . 1122 4 2 4 6 4 3 4 3 W. H Ketchemn.J." M?hws 15 20
2.64 ?? C v for Scandal 3.107 I 7 v 6 1 6H 5- 5 F. W. Doss Birkenruth 5 5
2606 Abba L, 3 10,6 6V4 5 1 6 1 •6 1 . B. A. Chilson Brodien 20 60
293 lShta,'^-H-:l Shta , '^-H- : 99 5 52 7 7 7 Burlingme Stk Farm.Rnsch 10 15
... | Royal Flush, a 110 l * ... G.B.Morris. O'Connor 6 G
Time— H. :12; %. :23%; *4. ; :*V>i: H. 1:00. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, H.
L. Franks bg. by Esher-Lady Richmond. Weight no longer bothers winner. Both Frank
Bell and Doublet did their best. School for Scandal away poorly she will win when more
lucky. Scratched— Tail 115, Strongoli 112. Gibraltar 115. »Left. - /
2783. SECOND RACE-Futurlty course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index. I Horse and Weight. St. .%.. %. ' Str. •? Fin. . Owner and Jockey, v Op^Cl".
(2C27) IGlendenning • 108 3 lh 12 13 16- J P Atkin Lotrue 1-2 1-2
2667 Ha7™«a ; iS I I h ¦ M "21 ?n? n CoV.V.""b'C^nnor 3¦'
mil 2 alme " a : "5 ? 90 'ol 2 2 3ns W. H. Ketchemn.J. Mthws 8 15
¦(2iOO) Parlzade 104 122 25 23 415 D Cameron ¦ Ransch 4 4
2419 Phyllis . 102 4.3% \u .¦ 6 1 51 A:j C StemleV &Co. Hoar 6 1*
2119 [Maraschino 106 5 41 4 % t, 6.£ C. Humphrey. °Tamplln 30 75
Ti ZZ~7£ >V«v. : n 0 %n£%} $%*•*s& Bh l rt *• 1:11 " Good tart on"easily. Second
and third driving, inner, J. P. Atkins eh. g. by St Carlo-filpnlivet Winner m=«p,i
Partod. 1 at Utmjttoatßjggi^^ S^J^Z
2784. THIRD RACE-Slx furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Index. jHorse, Age. Wt. St. %. ¦¦%..¦ Str. , Fin. Owner and Jockey/ [^."'"ci.
2767 [Ben I^di. 5.. ...'....107 3 US 1 4 14 '1 5 IG W~Scott Winslette if) 1^
, 2CBO Bernota, 3 98 8 6h 51 23 26 Burns A Wnt»riiK» R a n«ch 6 4
*£• Mfke Rice, a * 106 9.4 ,1 If 2 45T. E. McLaughlin Seel 10 -! 7
Ttoa < '" 2 it' 4 o .1 I * I T. E. McLaughlin See 10 15
rtlt f^it'-n fi In- 1 I\* aft SY? 5h H. &A: Partlngton..Logue 10 30
,2348 Loving Cup, 6 100 1 5V£ 4hi 6'A fi ii G W Mlllpr Hnar (5 i
2764 Twr. of Candles, 3.107 5 3 h 8 5 73" 7 BGb' Morris O'Connor 6 5 J.
2170 Mrs. Brunell, 3.... 98 6 85 6182,81 B Schrpibr Peterson SO ISO
?2H X™V 646 4 tN-'l' 'to in 4 S5 Dr " H hr E lb ßowelY.-.Vmn S toe 15 »
1217 iLppercrust. 4 10o| 7 9 a -9 3 10 10 S Judge Treanor 50 150
Time— U. :24%: M. :49V4: 94. 1: i l4- Good start. Won all out' Second and third driving. win
W^h GG a nn W -«nrt Ot^ w?"i by Inverness-Bonita i Ben Ledi went the shorted route next the rail.
\ ith any sort of luck in the breakaway, Bernota could haw won. Loving Cup has
Dickey underpinning. Tower of Candles under wraps for half a mile When let down
she quit to nothing. Scratched-Midnight Chimes 103. Edinborough AW.' Torsida 107.
2785. FOURTH RACE-One mile and 70 yards, free handicap. 3-year-olds and up; to Ist $500.
Index - Horse. Ag 0 Wt. St. H. %¦ , Str_ Fln_| __ Owner and Jockey. Op"'^]".
(2774) Autolißht 3.........110 4 3n 3 6 2 3 12% G. B. Morris ..^...o Connor Tio"Ti
... Barb Fritchie. 3.... 95 2 12 14 H4 2 1 Mrs M Cone himp 3 7
2764 Articulate 3 10 35 5 2 3 3fl } 2 w'c^B^lJopezV.Ran^h 8 il
•^te riJss;-5::::^Jr iJss;-5::::^J fh r3r 3 45 45 CE - Dumell Gisbornl I 7
_g6l2JS?^an_LaB8 1 _5 ILll .lo_l|_l_ 4 h 5 5 5 |John Kane/ Priori 4 6
T w € r2ii ar f t S> h* 1 SSPWSfe, 'SJi *• 'S?' m - l-*o:"lm"and 70 yards. 1:447 Gfood start
Won all out Second and third driving. AVinner. G. B. Morris' br. o. by Autocrat-Silver
fi^t^g*,.^^^^ oUt^- Articulate wm {al - 5- beatin^ - xt
2786. FIFTH RACE-Seven furlongs, reUing. 3-year-olds "tTflr'sT'^TT^
Index. Horse. Age, Wt. St. . %'. Str. "¦ Fin. Owner and Jockey. | Op!""*?!.
1277H) 'Impromptu, 3 ::::::^ I^IU 2 1 'l? F W r>iw T~TWatViow=l 1 >
U'6l2) Hofton 5 107 6 7 2 71 In S 1 I Scfc ."S •-' ?
nS ?^ln 4° c - 045^J>42 3n R- -T- Baffin & Co. Ran -ml 5 j
i^Sllilliil -^^5 r|;
2^5 Hungarian, 6 Sg| 2 41 5 1 75 78 GW Miller Hoar 11 2^
256 [Romany. 5..... 96| 141 8 1 S» 7 , Liberty Tbfe.V.V.V.VTi^go? ' M 200
Time-'i r , :1 ' J | 2^.:'^. 48.U:7g. 1:27. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. F. W. Doss' b. c. by Crescendo-Amida. Winner moved un from h- mr
and was never in better shape. Horton cut off at start. Oscar Toll* plenty of =peed but
Sc^^a^T^ UMU M P oor a rl r 01.0 l. GU?l ° oUtClaB6ed - PTei »*™ cou,d P n ot y st 0 a f nd PP t e ,te dl gaff:
-2787. SIXTH RACE— One mile and an eighth, selling. 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Inde *- Hor.e, Age, .Wt. St.^. K. Str. 2^_[_Own«r_aiid Jockey. Op"'"!,' :
¦ V* V 11 SSS^S^^ 3 3
§» sRSSffi'fc::;:Sßi = 2 ii, & 3 ' h 2 ? a^ tchema B n u?.i cc n oono g nnn a nn m 0 : BkßMi8 k BM i
2772 I Fin ?lln GO 6 bel> 3... 96 Lf?' 4 Pulled up l H- H Iook&"c« wlrhv |g 50
2772 ! Einstein. 6 101 Left , . L l"vy crosfwllte if ™
2769 | Ml.. Vera. «.,-..-.. .104 unseated McDonald &' Dunfap. . Hoar I 2 1
Time— %, :13; V*.' :24»4; M?, , :50; %. 1:16; m, 1:42,4; Vi l-,"5 Bad start Wnn flr«t th
driving. Winner, C. W. Carroll's br. m. by Artillery- Duche^ of Tower, See or TLzVella
made a bo,tchy mess^of it or the mare would have won. Gypsy quit Free Lance never
a factor. Hoar on Miss Vera caught by barrier and unseated. " * i-ance ne\er
Fifth race— Six furlongs, selling, three-year
olds an 4 upward.
2776 Ned Dennis 109 2781 Flamero 109
2772 Essence 109 2775 Prin. Tltania.. .lo4
2770 Fine Shot 109 2775 Censor 107
2770 Lief Prince 107 2776 B. Shepperd....lO9
2777 B. F. Ma50n. ...109 2775 Clarando 109
2765 Monda 109 2751 Bob Pa1mer. ...104
Sixth race— One mile and seventy yards, sell
insr. three-year-olds and* upward.
2777 Xl Oriente 9S 2702 Billy M00re.... 107
2757 Whaleback ....107 2757 Mlsr Vera 107
2772 Galanthus 98 2765 Bonitary 98
2772 Bonnie Lissak.. 9S 2169 Golden " 98
Probable Winners.
First race— Montoya, Armndo, Schwarzwald.
Second race— Midnight Chimes, King Dellis,
Saul of Tarsus.
Third race— El Chihuahua, Redan, Mlntaka.
Fourth race— John McGurk, Torsida, Bedeck.
Fifth race— Princess Tltania, Essence, Fine
Shot.
Sixth race— El Oriente, Bonnie Lissak, Miss
Vera.
ROBERT WADDEI/L BREAKS
DOWN AT CHICAGO TRACK
Winner of the American Derby May
Never Again Face a Starter on a
Racecourse.
CHICAGO. Nov. C— Robert Waddell, winner
of the last American Derby, broke down badly
In the fourth race at Lakeside this afternoon
and may never face the flag again. Summary:
First race, five furlongs — Aogin won. Fade
,mary second, Lingo third. Time. 1:02 2-5.
Second race, six furlongs— Baugh Naugh
Gene won, Aaron second. The Burgher third
Time, 1:16.
Third race, six furlongs — Bummer won, Star
of Bethlehem second, Charley Moore third
Time, 1:14.
Fourth race, one and three-eighths miles-
Searcher won. Frangible second, Robert Wad
dell third. Time, 2:22 3-6.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Lucien
Appleby Inspector Shea second. Merrl-
JOE BERNSTEIN WINS
A WRESTLING BOUT
Throws Gus Fredericks Twice in
Thirty-Seven Minutes in His
Ellis-Street Gymnasium.
Joe Bernstein won a hotly contested
wrestling bout in his Ellis street gym
nasium Tuesday night. His opponent was
Gus Fredericks, who weighed about 155
pounds to the champion's 128. Bernstein
contracted to throw him twice within an
hour and succeeded. After twenty-nine
minutes' wrestling he threw him, using
the "scissors hold." "Wimout a moment's
rest heywent at .im again, and in eight
mir.utes had both shoulders on the floor.
This time he used the "double-lock hold"
and roll.
Fredericks showed great strength and
endurance. Bernstein applied the deadly
strangle hold once and kept up the pres
sure until his opponent was blue in the
face. Fredericks finally broke the hold.
The gymnasium was comfortably filled
with spectators.
Kane and Queenan to Fight.
Boxer Jack Kane of this city and Perry
Queenan of Chicago will meet to-night for
the second time in the gymnasium of the
Reliance Athletic Club, Oakland. At their
last meeting Kane went in at short notice
to take the place of Harry Lewis. For thir
teen rounds the brace of lightweight box
ers stood in the center of the ring and
exchanged blow for blow. Kane's lack
of condition then commenced to tell on
him, and the best he could do was to
make it a draw. Both men have been
anxious for a return match and their
wishes will be gratified to-night. The at
tendance is expected to be unusually
large as the bout is a promising one.
Oxford Stroke Oar Is Dead.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— R. Culme-Seymour,
who pulled stroke oar in the Oxford boat
in 1901. in the annual race with Cain
bricisre. Is deaJ.
I ment third. Time. 1:OS 3-5. .
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles—
thTrd Time ™50 Woodstlck second ' Red Apple
NEW YORK, Nov. C.-Aqueduct summary i
„ First race, seven furlongs. selling-Francesco
l-isYT ra second, Mary Worth third. Time,
I Second race, one mile and seventy yards' sell-
Ing—Criterion won, Mollie Peyter second 41
sike third. Time, 1:47 3-5. ' '
Third race, five and a half furlongs-Sparklet
,^'Po n i £ arl EVe second> Flirteener third. Time
Fourth race. The Lindebrook handicap one
mile and seventy yards— Paul won Po
ten second, Andy Williams third. Time.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Carl Kahler
won, Birr second. Tour third. Time, 1:15 3-5
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Pomona won, Red Path second. Peninsula
third. Time, 1:45 2-5.
CINCINNATI. Nov. C— Latonla results: '
First race, one mile, selling-Fairy Tale won
Facade second. King's Pet third. Time 1:45 '
Second race, five and a half furlongs— Kalo-'
ma won. Boaster second. Siphon third. Time
1:09. . * •. . '^ •* *
Third race, one and a quarter miles, selling—
Barbee won, Chorus Boy second, Zazel third
Time, 2:11.
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Mr. Pomerov
won, Dal Keith second. Patchwork third. Time".
Fifth race, five furlongs— Sister Adele " won
Fauniare second, LulU Flight third. Time!
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Waterhouse
won. Walkessa second, Sallie J third. Time
1:45. - '
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Nov. 6.— Douglas Park
results:
First race, six furlongs, . selling— Little Rita
won, Blonciine Grayson second, Cantadas third
Time, 1:16. , .
Second race, five furlongs— De Milso won
Tout second, Tuckapaw third. Time. 1:13«4
Third race, one mile, • selling— Honey wood
won. Banquo II sectond, Rosebird third. Time
1:43%. ""
t £°, urt TT 1 } race selling, flye furlongs-Carat won
Little Hindoo > second, Buccleuth third. Time,
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs— Dr. Clark
won, Ragnaroki second, Prima II third. Time,
•.? • «-*--> . r-fVTrrTTn"rfri"i"ii";-§
WEDS ONE OF SANTA
CRUZ'S FAIR DAUGHTERS
George Osgood Ireads Miss Anna C.
Hem to the Marriage
Altar.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 6.— George Osgood
of Alameda and Miss Anna C. Hem were
married at 11 o'clock this forenoon in the
home of the bride on Union street. The
groom has been for many years an em
ploye of the Southern Pacific and the
bride has been a teacher in the public
schools of this cgunty.
The parlor of the Hem home was deco
rated in pink and whfte and tl.e couple
stood under a canopy of the graceful
aspamgus fern. The rear parlor was ar
ranged with the feathery bamboo and tne
dining-room was gorgeous in the rich au
tumn tints of the grape vines, with their
deep-colored fruit.
The bride, one of the loveliest of Santa
Cruz's daughters, was gowned in a blue
broadcloth traveling dress, tailor made.
The bridesmaid. Miss Marie Pioda, was In
gray Henry Hem, a brother of the bride,
was groomsman.
While Rev. J. R. Knodell was repeating
the marriage ceremony Mrs. M. E. Pioda
Played softly on the piano "O, Promise
Me. After the service a wedding break
fast was served. *
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood left on the after
noon train and are to spend several
months on their honeymoon trip. They
will visit points of interest and the large
cities in the Eastern States.
Yale's Gift to Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 6.— A
bronze medallion of the Yale University
seal has been received at President Jor
dan's office and has been on display during
the day. The medallion was presented to
Professor Elwood **. Cubberley, of the
education department for the university.
Professor Cubberley represented Stanford
at the Yale bi-centennlal anniversary.
SHIPS CORPSES
AS MACHINERY
Purchaser of Cadavers
Grievously Violates
the Law.
Chicago Police Called On to
Investigate a Grew
some Case.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6.— Eight human bodies
were taken this evening from two crate*
at the freight station of the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy Railroad. They were
consigned to R. J. Jones of Brashear, Mo.,
and marked as second-hand laundry ma
chinery.
The bodies were purchased during the
day from the Harvey Medical College of
this city, and were being shipped to Mis
souri for the purpose of dissection. The
police are looking for Jones, but so far
have been unable to locate him. The only
charge that can be brought against him
is the shipping of bodies in a manner con
trary to law.
When the crates were received at the
freight station the suspicions of the men
in charge were aroused as they had never
seen laundry machinery of the shape of
the two crates, nor had they ever seen
it shipped in such a manner. It was de
cided to open the crates and determine if
their contents were really laundry ma
chinery. When they were opened the
bodies, sewed up in canvas and packed in
excelsior, were found.
The police were notified and as it was
known that the crates came from the
Harvey Medical College officers were at
once sent there. The officials of the col
lege proved that they had no connection
with the shipment of the bodies, and said
that they had sold them during the after
noon to R. J. Jones, who said that he
intended to ship them to Brashear, Mo.
"I told him to be careftil how he shipped
thorn," said Dr. Dickinson of the college,
"and warned h!m that he would gtt into
trouble if he sent them in any other way
than that authorized by law. He said
nothing and went away. As far as the
college is concerned the transaction was
entirely proper. We had more cadavers
than we could use, and sold those to
Jones, as he called himself. He said that
they were to be used for medical pur
poses."
Reunion of Veterans.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— The Central Cali
fornia Veterans' Reunion Association,
whose membership extends over Santa
Clara, Santa Cruz. San Benito and the
baj counties, will hold its semi-anual re
union in Turn Verein Hall In this city on
November 20. There will be three ses
sions—morning, afternoon and evening. A
fine musical and literary programme will
be presented, and there will be a feast
at noon and in the evening. Among the
orators who will address the assemblage
v.ill be Senator George C. Perkins and
General AY. 11. L. Barnes. Committees
have been appointed and arrangements
for the reunion are well under way. Af
filiated with the Central California Vct
t-rans' Association are the Grand Army
< I tbe Republic, Veterans of the Spanish
War, Ladies of the G. A. R.. SOIM and
Daughters of Veterans and the Woman's
Relief Corps.
Floral Fete for San Jo3e.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 6.— The Apollo Musical
Union, recently organized here with many
prominent musicians in its membership, is
preparing to hold a music and flower fete
in this city in May. St. James Park will
bt the site, and here, among the trees,
flowers and lawns, three days will be
devoted to song, mirth and gayety. A
chorus of 1000 school children will be
trained for the occasion. All flowers and
the orchards will be in bloomy in May. ani
the music festival will attract thousands
of visitors. Although but a few weeks
old, Apollo Musical I'nion has a larse and
enthusiastic membership.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Daily Nuisance,
A Simple Remedy Which Will In-
terest Catarrh Sufferers.
In its earlier stages catarrh Is more of
t a nuisance than a menace to the general
health, but sooner or later, the disease
extends to the throat, bronchial tubes
and even to the stomach and intestines.
Catarrh is essentially a disease of tho
mucous membrane, the local symptoms
being a profuse discharge of mucus,
stoppage of the nostrils, irritation in
throat, causing coughing, sneezing, gag-
ging and frequent clearings of the throat
and head.
The usual treatment by local douches,
snuffs, salves, etc., often gives temporary
relief, but anything like a cure can only
be obtained by a treatment which removes
the catarrhal taint from the blood and
the disappearance of the inflammation
from the mucous surfaces.
A new remedy which meets these re-
quirements and which so far has been re-
markably successful in curing catarrh is
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
These tablets act upon the blood and
mucous membranes only. They can hard-
ly be called a secret patent medicine as
they are composed of such valuable rem-
edies as Sanguinaria, Hydrastin, Euealyp-
tol and similar cleansing antiseptics which
cure by eliminating from the blood and
mucous surfaces the catarrhal poison.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are large,
pleasant tasting lozenges takerr 7 internally,
allowing them to dissolve slowly in the
mouth; in this way they reach the throat,
fauces and the entire alimentary canal.
If desired, they may also be dissolved
in water and used as a douche, in addi-
tion to the. internal use, but it is not at
all necessary to use a douche; a few of
them dissolved in the mouth daily will
be sufficient. However, when there is
much stoppage of the nose, a douche
made frc*n these tablets will give, imme-
diate relief, but the regular daily use in-
ternallj of these tablets will cure the
whole catarrhal trouble without resorting
to the inconvenience of a douche.
Dr. Bement states "that the internal
treatment for catarrh is rapidly taking
the place of the old plan of douching, an 4
local application and further says that
probably the bes*t and certainly the safest
remedy at present on the 'market is Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets, as no secret is
made of their composition and all the
really efficient remedies for catarrh are
contained in this tablet."
Druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
at fifty cents for full sized packages. Ask
your druggist and if he is honest he will
tell you there is no safer, more palatable,
more efficient and convenient remedy on
the market.
Weak Men and Women
SHOI'LD USE DAMIANA BITTER 3. THE
Great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
"GOLD DUST."
11 "Lot I ho GOLD DUST twins do your work I" Lj
I GOLD DUST I
H makes the pans and kettles clean and bright It does the work much M
pl better than soap and in much less time. TT -— T . • m . §s&
¦ You save half your labor when you use GOLD DUST. It is the world s m
HI best cleanser. It cleans everything and injures nothing. Grocers have it. gft
M " Send for our FREE booklet. " Golden Rules for Housework.- 'gey
HI THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. - Chicago, St. Louis. New York. Boston. i-j
M. MONTAGUE &W.
'\ HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
- STEAM. M
HOT WATER.
..OIL STOVES...
BLUE FLAME.
* ;i WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
1% ISSkI: 309 to 3/7 Market Street.
San Francisco.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trnlm Ifitvr nml »rf Uno to nrrlv* m
NAN rttANt'lNfO.
I (Main Line. Foot or .Market Street.)
j I.S.IVK — From November 4. 1901. — arrive
~:OOa Beiiicia, Suiaau, Elmira ami Sacra-
memo 6:S5p
7:00 a VacaTille. Wit-ten, Rr.uiMj ?:33p
<:3<*\ Martinez, Mm i.it.i.nii, Vullejo. N»f*,
' - ' CatlatiigitaudSauta Koim. •:»3p
' S:O<»A Davis, WoudlanU. Knight* Lauding.
Miirvsrille, (>ro»iili> . ":»•¦»?
.- *.-•«»» AUauti« Kxmress— Uirdeu aad Saat »:a»A
»:«>»* Xiles. Lathrup. Siockton... ?:*:>*
»:<>U.\ Miles. .Mrtidi.t*. Ilanford. Visaliu, ¦
Porterrille , 4:35r
; B:3Ua Shut* Express— Da»is>, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs;, Willows, Ketl
» Bluff, Portland. 7:»»r
• i:i».» San Jo*e, . J.iterninrr, Stockton,
lone. .Hacraiiipiitn. Placrrviile,
Mi<rTHillle. Chief. Iteil Itluff 4i23p
d:il<>A (lak<lalH.Chinese,Konora, Carters... 4i2.tp
»:OOa lUyiT»r>l, Ml.snud Way Stations.. • I:I».1a
«:<M>a Vallcjo 1 i-.ZSr
!»:«<»A Ijiki Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, ijUhrnp. .Stockton, MtrcrU
Kresii'i and Los AnKolea 7:S3p
kWI Viillrjii, Martinez ami Way Stations ?i33p
IO:OOA Is* Overland Limited— Ogden, L'en-
itr, On, alia. Chicago Ki23p
tl:iil»p Manraineiito l.'ifer Stexmer* |ll:<)Ur '
3:3<>r Ha jwsrd, Kil« ami Way Station*.. T:33p
4iUUp Kuuicia. Winters. Hacr»iix>nlo,
Wimhllkiiil, Ki.ii/liti landing.
WurysTilli". Orotlllo 10:53 a
. 4i«l»r Martiiif*. San lUiuoii, Vallejo,
NajKi. «.'»lUliik». Kant* Ki<aa *:*Ba
4:O»p Nilec, LiTerraore, Stockton. Lo.ii... 12>33p
4::i»i" Hty ward. Mien, isau .lime. Lirfrmore t*:A3A
«>Sar Port Cos a, Tricy, Latkrop. Stockton I«:*3a
3:»UpTlie Owl Limited— F'irsi.i>. Tulsr*.
. ¦ - lUkenUttlil. .Saiigns for Santa U*r-
liar;i, I.os Antf'cs I 8:3.1 a
SsOOr MarMn* 7., Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
cf d. Fresno lS;23p
5:30p New Orleans Expre»a —
, Fresno, Bakentle.d Los Angeles,
D miog, Ei l'aso, New Orleans
.¦ »nd E<st 7:33 a
o:<>Op Harvard, Miles and Han Jose 7:3.1* '
? «:««r V»lle]<» 11:23*.
«:O«r (oriental Og.leu. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago B:S3a
• :Ollp Oria.-ital Alail — Ogden, Denrer,
St. Louis. Chicago l:»r
7:U*p On-gon ami I'aliriirnia, Kiprem.Nac-
r»ni«nti>. IVUrjmfllle. Ur.l.liiig,
l'i>itl»n.l. I'ng.-t .Sound anil Kant SiSSa
Bi«3p San Pablo. Port (Junta, Martinez
a|i<l Way Htatlons 11:*3 a '
t«;Osr Vall.j. ?;33p
COAST liINK (Narrow «;au K e).
1 -^^N (FcM)tol U»rkok Street.) |
»il.la Nenark.(Vnt»r«llle,Sa .i.ai«,KrltiM l .
rCr.-.-l(,Sai,ia(;riiiaml\Va»
hUUons .'. 9i3op
taiinp Newark, Center*!!!*. Ban Jose. New
Almailen, Frlton, Itnulder Creek.
Balli.ll Crux and l'rlnciual Way
Stations I «:."»• A
•*:l.">p Newark. Han Joe». Los Gatos |S:3Oa
a0.30p Hunters' Train — San Jose and Way
Stations t7. a »P
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIR T RA3CISCO— o( Muktt Strict (Slip 8)—
tV: 1 5 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1:03 3: JO O:1B'.M.
Tttm OilUNl— r»«l •' Br««i«»T.— f.i ; uo ta:OO t3:05
10:00 12:00 2.00 1:03 r.u. ¦
COAST IJNE 1 Itroa.l <la» B «).
(TlilrilnndTownsemlSta.) '
<i:l»A Uau Jose and Way stations. 9t:i»r
7:00 a Kan Jow»ml Way BUU..IIS Ii»«»p
/~:«m»a New Aiir.ail-n /*:10p
UiOOa Han .Inge. Tres I'lno*. Santa Crux, . .
r»<-iilc «lri>»«, salin**. ban Lois ' '
Obispo. Santa Barbara ami Prin-
cipal iutenne<li«teStittloiis .... ; 7i43p
IO::tOA San Jrse and Way Stations. 4:1 Op
I li3«a Han .!•>¦« »ml Way Statlmis Si4»p
fillip .San MitMi, Redwood, Menlo Park,
-¦..•¦''. Palo Alto, Mint* Clara. San . Ina*.
Tr«K Finos, Santa Unix. Salinas. '
- Momertiy ami Pacific Orors tlO:4»\
»tS»p I S»n Jose and Wty Stations. 8:SO A
t4ilftpSan,)oii«aiiilPrinciral Way Stations »:*»a
. t3:«*pSan Josf, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations fvtOO*
Ssltnp Ran.lose ami Principal Way Stations Si3«A
«iOOp Redwoid, mbjj Joce, GUt>t. Sallaas,
Santa Barbara. LOl Angelas 1 o:*3a
«:3Op S»ii. Tom ami Way Station* 1*:«« A
q11:45p flan ,Tna>-»n.l Way Stations oia»y
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon,
i Mm,. lay *xcei>ted. ' ' * Sunday only.
a Saturday only. ¦ / Tuesdays and Fridays.
HuRIH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
. Via SauMlN* Fmnp.
Commencing September 2j. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL Aia^sx
"WEEK DAYS— 6:S6, 8:30, »9:30 1100 m
•1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:16, -«:15 6:45 p m "• m -»
KXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and 8u
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satnrl
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. tsatur-
SUNDAYS-'S:0O, MO:!*, "lirao a. m «i-«
3:15. »4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p. ru. " , 1U *
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN *'RANCIS<-r>
WEEK r>AY&-»3:25. 6:27. 7:40, £35 ,«-r
a. m.. •12:25, 2:1.-.. •3:U5. 4:40, 5:30 n m' I
EXTRA f RIPS on Mondays Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6.45 and 9:55 p m eaneBd * jrs i
SUNDAYS-6:15. •8:00, 10:00. »11 ia a. m '
•1:40, *3:15. 4:45, »6:30 p. m. - ' - m -
Trains marked (•) start from San Quenrin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
AVEEK DAYS-3:45. 6:4.".. 7:53-8-53 W "3O » ™ v
12:35, 2:45, 3:30. 5:10 p. m. ' W** m -
KXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday nn^
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p n^ reane ? aa y s and
SUNDAYS— B:O3, 10:05 a. m" 1T:O5 215 3M
6:00, 6:45 p. m. - ' • * ao ' *¦ M '
THROUGH TRAINS
6:53 a. m. w«ek day Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:43" p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way !
stations. . - _ 1
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way i
IS Hollda > s boats and trains will run on j
HATT.WAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA ifORTBWESTEU It ft
LESSI9
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. fM mi n—tu< Ok
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. ¦¦ -
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; X:3O, 339
.5:00. 6:20 p. m. - . .
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; •».-,,
3 40. 5:15 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
and 6:35 i>. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. I:«.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 23. 1301. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination, [ day*. | Days.
7:30 am; 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pmi 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm, Santa Rosa. | 7:36 pm 6:20 pm
! T" Fulton. i "I !
7:30 am Windsor, | 10 25 am
. 5:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am,
Lytton.
Geyserville, !
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 8-20 pin
7:30 ami 5:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pmi 8:00 am and Uklah. ! 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am, • I " 10:40 am|lo:2s am
1 8:00 ami Guerneville. | 7:35 pml
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| (8:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am' 8:40 am
I and " 1
5:10 pm 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. , 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami _ w :lO:4oamlO:3sam
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm [ Sebastopol. j 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria:*at Lytton for Lytton Springs- a'
Geyserville for Skazgs Springs; at Cloverdal.-
: for the Geysers: at Hopland ' for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Car!"
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring?. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake Witter **
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley \
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell'a'
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg Wesl-
port. Usal. Willlts. Laytonville. Cummins
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsens, Dyer Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates. '
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. *™""s
Ticket office, 850 Market street. Chronlcls.
Duildlnsr.
H. C. WHITING. , R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt-
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-atreet Terry Depot.
1 Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
- J Dally ) Dally \ Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran! 7:20 a } 9:00 a 3: 00 p- ; 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 718 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p ! 1:30 a ! 9:11 p
" Fresno....; 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a:
" Visalla 3:39 p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6.15 p 5:20 p 7:46 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 1 ...|2:lsp 9:00 p
a for morning;, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Llm-
1 lted. carrying Palace Sleeping Car* and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Baktrsfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
dally. A
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fr«an»»' |
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 8:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Jeaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dairy.
Offices— 64l Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
_land. ,
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Son- ,**«*„.**,^^ Sna- Week"
Pays, days. m T mf davs^ Days.
»-30 a 8:00 a. _. m * rmißt *-*» „ tjo^OO p. 0:45 a
4:15 P. 11:« a. «• »- — » ,4:25 P. —r*
I 1:15p.| |5:oo p.j
Tmn. Sam Ftmkil»co «• Summit »o4 vi». H.M.
OrtatOaa^ 031 EUUUT STK&ET aad iAB*AUtO TXSaX.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXT m 4. JCntabllaned
in 1934 for the treatment of Crivat«
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngon body and mind ay-ij"
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures-win-*
others fall. Try him. Charges low
< •»*•• pr»»r»nt»^«l. call or writ*
Dr. J. JT. «(BBO3V. sau JTranclaco, Cat.ONE CHARMING BELLE IS WEDDED,
ANOTHER'S ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
Miss Tillie Ohlandt, Daughter of Capitalist, Becomes the
Bride of Alfred Hammersmith— Miss Agnes Simpson Is
t0 Mar| y Right Rev. Sidney Partridge, Bishop of Kyoto
THE engagement was announced
yesterday of Miss Agnes Simpson
and BishoD Sidney Partridge, of
Kyoto, Japan. The betrothal, the
result of a delightful romance of
the late Episcopal convention, was made
public at a tea given by Mrs. John Simp
¦ he mother of the charming fiancee—
at the family home, 2520 Vallejo street.
The announcement came as a very great
surprise to the many friends of the lady.
Miss S.mpson and the reverend gentleman
have known each other but three weeks.
During the Episcopal convention Bishop
Partridge was the guest of the Simpson
family and during that time the gentle
man fiom Japan and the fair young belie
learned to know and lcve one" another.
The pngagement is to be a very short
one and the wedding will take place at St.
Luke's Church on November 27. Bishop
Morelar.d, of Sacramento, an old friend of
the groom, will perform the ceremony.
¦>rt honeymoon, to be sp^nt in
State, the Bishop and his bride will
n December 3 fbr Japan, where they
make- their future home.
At the tea yesterday Mrs. Simpson re- j
I her guests, assisted by Miss Agnes
.Maude Simpson. Mrs. Mil-
Hamikon, Miss Polly Dunn. Mis?
1 wen Misa Maye Colburn,
( rs. Miss Janette Deal,
• y Anthony, Miss Bertie Bruce,
¦ Palmar and Miss Gladys Deal.
- Tison looked very charming ,n
k gown, with an overdress of
a lusseline.
- young bride-to-be is the daugh
' Consul and Mrs. John Simpson.
p the past seventeen years Mr.
;is been Consul for Denmark a
• has held with much honor.
CARDINAL JOINS
NOTABLE COUPLE
M : ss Edythe Lanes Pat
ten Becomes Bride of
General Corbin.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.-Major General
¦orbin. adjutant general of the
army, and Miss Edythe Lanes Patten
v.ert married at noon to-day at the Pat
e, L'l22 Massachusetts avenu;,
lr. the presence of a notable assemblage,
which included the President and Mrs.
Roo»€ . • it. Mis* Alice Roosevelt and rep
resentatives of official, diplomatic an i
reside:.' society. Cardinal Gibbons per
formed the marriage ceremony, assisted
by Rev. Dr. J. D. Stafford of St. Patrick's
Churr h. a wedding breakfast followed
General Corbin and his bride left this aft
ernoon for New York, where to-morrow
they will attend the marriage of Colonel
GRAPE-NUTS.
BOILERS
Require Strong Workmen to Con-
struct.
A big, hustling boilermaker down at
Niles, 0., had an experience with Grape-
Nut* Food that is worth knowing. George
Preston says there was a time -when Ms
appetite for breakfast failed him, and it
came from stomach trouble caused by his
way of eating.
v He -"irould get hungry from his work
W>out i) or 10 o'clock, but was not allowed
to eat during working hours, and when
dinner time came he would overeat an 1
would be in misery the r«»st of the day,
and net able to eat any supper.
He says: "I was troubled with head-
aches and was co dizzy from stooping
over that I would stagger when straight-
ening up.
"Grape-Xuts being called to my atten-
tion I zook a package to my boarding
place md had some for breakfast, and
J did not get hungry until near the noon
hour. I now knew what was the matter
with xrie. I began to eat a good, healthy
;md it agreed with me, so I have
kept on using Grape-Nute for breakfast
with a little cream.
"I have never taken one drop of medi-
rine, only once for sore throat, but I an
:• well and hearty as any man that
walks, and I know how to keep my
g ;h now by the use of good food, and
t think I would lose a part of it if I left
rff Grsipe-Xuts. This food has been bet-
ter to me and my family than any medi-
cine.
"I am at Nile*. Ohio, and ready to show
the truth of what I write. Any one can
fl^ ard see me and my family and Judge
)m th*maelves whether we are healthy or
lot. I have used 221 packages of Grape -
fc'uts since I began."
YOUNG COUPLE WHO WERE UNITED YESTERDAY AT FASHION
ABLE WEDDING; ALSO THE BISHOP FROM JAPAN AND THE
YOUNG LADY HE IS SOON TO WED.
THE wedding: of Miss Tillie Ohlandt
and Alfred Hammersmith was
solemnized at the home of the
bride's parents, 601 Steiner street,
last nisrht. It was a pink and
white affair, the Rev. J. Fuendeling, pas
tor of St. Mark's Church, officiating at
the ceremony.
The groom had Henry Ohlandt, a
brother of the bride, for his best man.
Miss Freda Ohlandt, the bride's sister,
was maid of honor and the bridesmaids
were Miss Elsie Hammersmith and Miss
Clara Zwieg.
The bride was attired in an elegant gown
of white duchesse satin, trimmed In auch
_.•¦••¦•••••••*•*««''*« t~s * * ¦
George R. Dyer and Miss Grace Scott be
fore continuing on their honeymoon trip
via Niagara to Montreal. Upon their re
turn they will reside at the Arlington
Hotel here unt;i their future home in the
west end of the city is completed.
The impressive ceremony took place in
the drawing-room, elaborately decorate'!
fcr the event. The bride's sister, the eld
er Miss Patten, as hostess and the others
as attendants were her only relatives
present. Miss Patten, the bride's sister,
received the guests. When the President
and Mrs. Roosevelt and Mis# Roosevelt
arrived they were received by the Secre
tary of War and escorted to the places
reserved for them. General Corbin' s
daughter, Mrs. William M. Parsons of
New York, and her husband were pres
ent.
The bride entered the drawing-room
with Senator John P. Jones of Nevada,
a long-time friend of the Patten family.
The bride's wedding dress was of heavy
white satin, having a very long train. Th 3
waist was laid in soft, loose folds of the
satin aown to the belt line, and across
the shoulders and chest was a cape or
yoke of finely plaited tulle, bordered by
a wide fall of rare old point d'Alencon
lace. The necK was finished by a softly
folded stock collar of white satin, and
the sleeves were made after the most re
cent Paris fashion, growing very large
at the hand and gathered at the wrist
into a long, closely fitting cuff of shirred
tulle, held in place by narrow pipings ot
white satin. On the sleeves was also
much of the same point d'Alencon lacj
as on the waist. The wedding veil was
very long, falling to the edge of the train,
and was of rich point lace.
The bride was preceded by her sisters,
Miss Josephine Patten and Miss Helen
Patten, who wore gowns of white silk
muslin. Each wore a diamond bar pin,
souvenir gifts from the bridegroom.
General Corbin. who was attended by
Colonel Dyer of New York as best man,
wore his full dress uniform, as did also
his staff, who acted a*> ushers, and all
other army officers present.
The wedding presents filled several
large rooms, their number running into
the hundreds. They included laces, fans
and antiques in gold, silver and porcelain,
as well as jewelry, of which there was a
dazzling collection.
Convicted of Falsehood.
HARRISBURG. Pa., Nov. 6.— Dr. Silas
C. Swallow was convicted of falsehood by
a committee of the Central Pennsylvania
Methodist conference and suspended from
the ministry until the next annual confer
ence. The charges were filed by a brother
§ readier and grew out of publication in
wallow's paper, the Pennsylvania Meth
odist.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
esse lace. Her wedding veil was of tulle,
and she carried lilies of the valley. Mis 3
Freda Ohlandt, the maid of honor, was
gowned In pink mousseline de sole over
pink taffeta, and the bridesmaids were
also dressed in pink.
Eighty pereons, intimate friends of the
two families, were present at the wedding
and the reception that followed. The
newly married couple will take a three
weeks' honeymoon trip in the southern
part of the State. On their return they
will go to housekeeping in this city.
The bride is the daughter of N. Ohlandt.
a well-known capitalist. The groom is also
engaged in business and is the son of the
late J. E. Hammersmith.
SLAYER OF SHERMAN
TO BE TRIED FOE MTTRDEH
Counsel for Harry L. Elliott Will At
tempt to Free Him on Insanity
Plea.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— Harry L. Elliott,
who killed J. W. Sherman on October 27,
in a North Market street house, was to
day, at his preliminary examination be
fore Justice Cobb, held to answer to a
charge of murder. The principal witness
was Mrs. Bessie Sherman, wife of the
murdered man and over whom the shoot
ing occurred. She repeated the same story
she had told at the inquest. Mrs. Sher
man said she first met her husband in
a dance hall on Larkin street, San Fran
cisco, and six weeks later they were mar
ried. She had known Elliott for five years
and had received numerous letters from
him, in which he wrote madly of love and
marriage.
Elliott did not take the stand. His de
fense will be insanity. He has been act
ing queerly since his confinement in jail,
is morose and refuses to talk. Some are
inclined to think he is insane, and not
merely shamming. A rich uncle of his in
Cincinnati, 0., has employed Attorney
Louis Oneal to defend him.
Chamberlain Arouses Germans.
BERLIN, Nov. 6.— The demonstrations
against the reflections cast upon the con
duct of the German troops in the Franco-
Prussian war by Joseph Chamberlain in
his Edinburgh speech continue. A num
ber of societies of veterans and organisa
tions composed of the clergy have pro
tested. At a meeting held in Berlin to
night Professor Wagner and others spoke
in denunciation of the British Colonial
Secretary's utterances. The students of
Leipslc University have issued a call for
an indignation meeting.
Chanler Is Not Insane.
RICHMOND, Va.. Nov. 6.— To-day the
Albemarle County Court heard the peti
tion to appoint a committee for John
Armstrong Chanler, the divorced husband
of Amelie Rives, now the Princess Trou
betzky, the allegation being that Chanler
was insane. After examining a number
of witnesses the court refused the peti
tion, holding that nowhere did the testi
mony show insanity. This decision settled
the question of Chanler's ability to man
age his own property interests in Virginia,
which will now be turned over to him.
» ? ¦
Laughter is the sunny- side of a man's
existence.
THEATERS OFFER
PLEASING BILLS
Mrs. Sarah Cowell Le
Moyne Drawing Well
at Columbia.
Grand Opera Season Prom
ises to Be Entirely
Successful.
For the dramatic epicurean there could
not be found a more desirable treat than
the performance offered by Sarah Cowell
Le Moyne in the new historical play, "The
First Duchess of Marlborough," which is
at present the attraction of the Columbia
Theater. It will continue to win favor
throughout all of next week, the final
performance being announced pr Satur
day night, November 16. Mrs. Le Moyne
is without a doubt one of the most intel
lectual jjj actresses , who graces the Amer
ican stage and her delightful interpreta
tion of the title role :in Charles Henry
Meltzer's play has firmly established her
in favor here. She has come surrounded
by a company of players well fitted for
the presentation of the work entrusted to
them and the staging of, the play calls
for no less commendation than has been
accorded to the cast. , "The First Duchess
of Marlborough" is a performance out or
a hundred and one that should not be
missed. "William Collier In his latest suc
cess, "On the Quiet." follows. ;
•" * *
Another strong success of the week is
"The Belle of New York" at the TlvoU,
given by the clever | youngsters of the
Pollard Juvenile Opera Company. The
children are v the brightest young folks
that have ever been seen or heard here,
singing, acting and dancing with all the
aplomb of the best seasoned stagers. They
have succeeded, from, the tiny Daphne
Pollard to Alice Pollard, the stately, who
is nearlng the sere and yellow leaf of 14
years, in winning the hearts of all who
have seen them. Alice is the belle, and
she is a belle. Madge Woodson is an
other of the little wonders and she takes
excellent care of the comedy interests.
But every part is well sustained, the cos
tuming is rich and picturesque, the stag
ing very sufficient and the orchestral ar
rangements in ' Alf R. Moulton's able
hands are amply satisfactory. There will
be a Sunday matinee to satisfy the large
demand for seats. "A Gaiety Girl" . fol
lows. .
¦\•• ¦ * . .
Last night the Royal Italian Band re
ceived a perfect ovation at the Metropol
itan Hall. A large house ' greeted the
talented artists that have so rapidly won
their way to the hearts of all lovers of
music and they themselves eclipsed all
their previous efforts. Every number on
the programme was encored and the au
dience was roused to a pitch of enthusi
asm that is not often seen. Creatore was
in fine form, magnetic and picturesque as
ever and all the band members seemed to
be inspired to do their splendid best by
the interest and enthusiasm of their hear
ers. There are to be two programmes to
day, the afternoon programme running as
follows: • ' ,
March, "Teasing Hearts" Creatore
Overture, "Semiramide" :.... Rossini
Harp solo ••• Selected
' Miss Heintzen.
"Funeral March" .Chopin
"La Fllle der Regiment" Donizetti
Incidental solos.
/ 11.
March No. 11 Manclnl
"Berceuse," Jocelyn Godard
Solos by Slgnorl I'alrna and Curtl.
"Waltz. "Un Doux Porme" Waldteufel
Overture. "Tannhauser" Wagner
To-night will be a Wagner programme,
with the following numbers:
1..
March. "Wedding" ..................Mendelssohn
Prelude, "Parsifal" ..Wagner
Harp Solo .......'.Selected
¦ Miss .Heintzen. .
Prize song, "Die MelKterslnger" Wagner
Signor Palma.
Grand selection. "Die Walkure". Wagner
Prelude— Ride ' of the Valkyries. Love -
Duet. Magic Fire Scene. . Incidental
solos. . ¦ ,
1. ' .
March, "Tarvnhauser" .. Wagner ;
"Largo" ....»."*.... :... Haendel
Soprano solo, "Lament of the Exile"... Creatore
Mine. Barill. . ¦ . : ;
Overture, "Heimkehr" l.r Mendelssohn
.. - •¦• • 1 •\-
The last days of Walter E. Perkins" en
gagement at the Grand Opera-house will
be given over to "The New Boy," which
is proving a popular bill with the patrons
of the house. On Saturday evening the
programme will be changed to "The Man
From Mexico," on the occasion of "Stan
ford night." The Stanford Mandolin and
Glee clubs will play.
- - • ? • ¦ .
One of the first of the Grau aggregation
of stars to arrive is Ernest Van Dyck.
the famous Wagnerian tenor, who reached
San Francisco yesterday afternoon. Van
Dyck was one of the great favorites of
last year's grand opera season, ' his in-
I terpretation of the name roles of "Lohen
grin," "Tannhauser" and "Loki" standing
out even from the splendid conceptions by
which he was surrounded. Van Dyck is
one of the foremost Wagnerian singers
and is equally- great as. an actor. He
was Identified with some of the first pro
ductions of the works of the great music
i dramatist in Paris when the famous ad
verse demonstrations were made, and: has
sjnce been almost solely concerned .with
¦"Wagnerian opera. Mr. Van Dyck is in
excellent health and will make his -first
appearance on Monday evening next as
Lohengrin. ¦?»' :
• • •
Next week begins the event of events of
the' year, the Grau grand opera season,
Everything points ¦¦ to an extraordinary
artistic success this year, not to speak of
the social side of the season. : The sale of
single Beats, that began yesterday morn
ing, was unprecedented in operatic an
nals. The programme for the first week is
as follows and speaks for itself:
Monday evening, November 11, "Lohengrin"
— Mmes. Eames and Schumann-Helnk; Messrs
Van Dyck, Blspham, Muhlmann and. Ed do
Reszke; conductor, .Walter Damrosch. ¦ .".
Tuesday evening, . November 12. "Carmen"
Mmes. Calve. Bauermeister, Van Cautercn and
Suzanne Adams; Messrs. Salignac, Journet,
Bars, Dufriche, Reins and Scotti; conductor'
Mr. Flon.
¦- Wednesday evening, • November 13, "La Tra
viata" — Mmes. Sembrlch, Van Cauteren,
Bauermeister; Messrs. Campanarl Vannl, Bars
Dufriehe, GUlbert and De March! ; conductor'
Mr. Seppilll. ¦ - • ... ¦ : . . _ v.
Thursday evening, : - November ; 14, "Tann
hauser"—Mmes. Barnes; Bridewell and Reuss
i Bolce; Messrs. Van Dyck, Blass, , Bars, Relss,
i Muhlmann. Vlvlani and Bispham; conductor,
I Walter Damrosch. : ¦* : -
I Friday evening, November 15, , "Lea Hugue
nots" — Mmes. ; Gadskl. * Homer, j Bauermeister,
Van Cauteren 1 and Sembrlch; Messrs. De Mar
chl, Journet, ¦ Scotti, i Bars, I Relss. Vlvlanl, ' Du
frlche, Vannl and Ed 'de Reszke; conductor
Mr. Flon. . ' :: ¦•.... ¦-. . .
Saturday afternoon, . November 16, "Faust"—
Mmes. Calve, Bauermeister ' and Homer;
Messrs. Dippel, Campanarl, Dufriche and -Ed
de Reszke; conductor, Mr. ¦> 9eppilU. , t
Saturday evening,* November 16. "Manon"—
Mmes. • Sibyl Sanderson, •¦'. Marylll, Bridewell
and Van Cauteren; Messrs.' Declery, Journet, ¦
Gilibert, ' Bars and . Salignac; • conductor Mr'
Flon. '
• • * ¦ • i.;- '*'¦'¦¦'. '¦:
The Alcazar has "made good" this week
with "Nancy & Co," which has served
to introduce Miss Marion Convere to an
admiring audience. \ The Alcazar stock
company has never been stronger than It
Is just now, both on the feminine '< and
masculine side, and "Nancy & Co." is a
bright, snappy play that affords them all
opportunity to do their best work. Next
week the favorite play, "For Fair * Vir
ginia," will be put on.
¦ • ¦ •¦¦ * .'«,.*•=
"In Old Kentucky* is doing a rushing
business at I the - California Theater, with
its strong drawing cards 'of the whang
doodle: pickanninies, 1 i who are the cutest
:of coon Infants, and the horse races. To
morrow evening will; be "Jockey night 1
and horses from Tanf oran will race with
the -, famous , \ Queen \\ Bess. Next week
James A. Herne's famous pastoral drama,
"Shore Acres," will be put on. y
- . -v-;--. : :, ¦',-.* .. '¦*.¦ "¦••"¦. •' ¦•¦¦ ¦¦ ¦• --
1 This afternoon at the California Theater
the second lecture of ; the Walter Dam
rosch Wagnerian series \ wil be given, to
begin at 3:15. Mr. v Damrosch 'will take
"Die Melsterslnger" ' for his subject."
• * »
¦' "Northern Lights," the great Indian war
play, is pleasing Central patrons. The new
leading, man is a distinct : success ' and the
JOE HARVEY SAYS ADOLPH SYLVA
SWINDLED HIM OUT OF PROPERTY
Poolroom Owner Alleges Attorney Was Given Money^tc
Purchase Partnership for Him, but That by Tricks He
Secured Same for Himself With the Aid of His Sister
CHARCINC SYLVA WITH FRAUD.
yOSEPH HARVEY, the poolroom operator and gambler, filed suit yesterday in the Superior
Court of Marin County against Adolph Sylva, the political boss of Sausalito, in zvhich charges of
fraud are made against the man who came into notoriety through the Fair will case. Harz-ex
alleges that he gave Sylva $4000 to purchase for him a half interest in the Sausalito Electric Light
Works, and that Sylva, by cunning and trick, secured the property in the name of a partner named
Frost and then induced Frost to transfer the same to Florence Sylva, his sister. Attorney James IV.
Cochrane of San Rafael represents Harvey in the suit.
to-rrsIHERE is war in the camp of the
I poolsellers of the pretty little
I town of Sausalito. No longer do
il Joseph Harvey and Adolph Sylva
quaff the gentle cocktail or the
brew of Gambrinus together, for the for
mer charges Sylva with having given him
the "double cross" and in the words of a
long complaint filed by Attorney James
W. Cochrane in the County Clerk's office
of Marin County last evening accuses
Sylva of having cheated him out of a
half-interest in the electric light works
of Sausalito and of having conveyed the
same to Florence Sylva, his sisLer and
agent.
Harvey and Sylva are well known in
sporting circles in California. Harvey for
years was a familiar figure at the race
tracks and other places where men tempt
fortune and "Harvey's wheel of fortune"
has caused many to regret having "gone
up against his game."
Sylva for some time was the "boss" of
Sausalito, and when the gamblers were
driven out of San Francisco he shocked
the residents of the little town across the
bay by using his influence to allow pool
rooms to run wide open in the respectable
suburban place.
Sylva also came into notoriety in the
Fair case in bolstering up the claims of
Mrs. Nettie Craven that she was the
widow of the dead millionaire, and with
other witnesses was indicted for perjury.
Sylva and Harvey became close friends
when the last named ran his poolrooms
in Sausalito and it was alleged that Sylva
had an Interest in the gambling places.
Harvey Accuses Adolph Sylva.
According to the complaint of Harvey,
filed yesterday evening. Sylva came to
him in April last and requested that he,
Harvey, loan the sum of $4000 to Thomas
G. Frost, one of the proprietors of the
Sausalito Electric Light Works. Frost
had established the light works in July,
1896, his partner being Thomas E. Scully.
In April last Frost and Scully decided to
dissolve partnership and it was agreed
that Frost should buy out his partner's
interest, which was valued at $4000.
Frost hired Sylva to act as his attorney
and agent in the matter and it was in
this capacity that Sylva approached Har
vey and tried to make a "touch" for $4000.
Harvey, however, refused to make the
loan to Sylva on Frost's behalf, but
agreed t" purchase the half-interest in I
PREPARE PLANS
FOR MEMORIAL
Executive Committee
men Discuss McKin
ley Monument.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 6.— The executive
committee of the McKinley National Me
morial Association held its first meet
ing to-day at the office of Senator Hanna,
Judge Day presiding. It was decided to
have a central auxiliary committee in
each State and Territory. The local as
foeiatlons which are being organized
everywhere will report to the State or
ganizations.
Authority was given President Day to
appoint a number of prominent repre
sentatives of social, benevolent, labor,
educational, religious and patriotic bod
ies and to enlist every interest that de
sires *o aid in raising the national me
morial fund.
Souvenir receipts are to be designed at
once, and will be ready soon for distribu
tion to the contributors through the
several State auxiliaries.
JURY TRYING CORONADO
UNABLE TO AGREE
Pails to Fix the Guilt or Innocence
of Alleged Murderer of
Narona.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— Nolberto Corona
do, who is charged with the murder of
Frank Narona, will have another chance
for his f reedom. '"" After having been out
for twenty-four hours the jury in his
case came into court this afternoon and
announced that it was unable to agree
upon a verdict. Judge Lorigan then dis
charged it. The case Will be called next
Friday, when a second trial will be set.
It is said that the jury was about even
ly divided as to Coronados innocence.
The crime occurred at Almaden on
July 26, "when Narona was ambushed on
a lonely mountain trail. He was shot
and then robbed of $80. The evidence
against Coronado was circumstantial.
Anthony Eickhoff.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Anthony Eick
hoff, founder of a number of German pa
pers and ex-editor of the New York
Abend Post and Staats Zeitung, died here
to-day, aged 74 years.
play is well cast throughout. The stag
ing is exceptionally good.
* * •
Lillian Burkhart's playlet. "A Leap for
Love," is one of the many clever turns at
the Orpheum this week. Miss Burkhart
has an excellent opportunity in this, the
latest skit written for her, and her sup
port shows to great advantage. The
Onllaw trio of aerial sensationalists give
a daring and wonderful exhibition; Bur
ton's acrobatic comedy dogs and high
leaping greyhounds are undoubtedly the
most intelligent canines before the public,
and the bag-punching act of Mr. and Mrs.
Locko is much out of the ordinary. Jes
sie Dale's phenomenal barytone voice is
creating a musical sensation. The girl
has a bright future before her. The
Beaux and Belles, the pretty Japanese
comedy operetta, "Miyo San," and Harris
and Walters, the comedy duo. are in their
last week. Next Sunday comes "The Girl
With the Auburn Hair," the reigning
Eastern sensation.
• • •
Among the attractions at Fischer's
Concert-house this week are Swor and
Hathaway, song and dance artists; Deets
and Don, a clever comedy duo; the Las
kys, novelty cornetists; Eleanora Jenkins,
operatic soprano; Milton and Wise, color
ed comedians; Christian, a "foot cyclist;"
Celia de Lacy, mezzo-soprano, and George
Jones, styled the "ebony-hued funmaker."
Hinrlchs' Orchestra has a new pro
gramme. » ? »
A "fat ladies' running race." with the
usual amateur bill, is to-night's special
attraction at the Chutes and Zoo. Harry
Harmon, the high diver, is also at the
Chutes this week.
the electric light works for the purpose
of assisting Frost, who was a friend.
Harvey alleges that he gave Sylva $4000
to purchase tor him the half-interest in
the electric light works owned by Scully
and which was sold by order of court on
May 6, 1901, at the San Rafael Courthouse.
It was agreed, claims Harvey, that
Sylva was simply to act as his agent and
that the purchase should be in Harvey's
name and that the title to the property
should be transferred to Harvey. It was
also agreed that if the property was sold
for less than $4000 the balance of the
money in Sylva's hands should be re
turned to Harvey. The complaint alleges
that Sylva attended the sale of the prop
erty at San Rafael Courthouse, but old
in the half-interest in the Sausallto Elec
tric Light Works in the name of Thomas
G. Frost for the sum of $3500 25.
Harvey alleges that Sylva had the half
interest transferred to Thomas G. Frost
and used hjs influence with the latter to
induce him to then transfer the property
to Florence Sylva. his sister. Frost, rely
ing on Sylva, and having confidence in
him, says the complaint, did as requested,
and the half interest in the electric light
works, purchased ¦with Harvey's money,
was thus transferred from Scully to Frost
and then on to Sylva's sister.
Alleges Fraudulent Conveyance.
Harvey alleges that no consideration
passed for the conveyance from Frost to
Florence Sylva, and that the latter, who
resides with her brother, simply acted as
his agent in furtherance of his scheme to
cheat and defraud Harvey.
Sylva is then accused of bolstering up
his plans by inducing Frost to execute
articles of co-partnership with Florence
Sylva, which articles recite that Frost
and the woman are each the owners of
an undivided one-half of all the property
formerly owned by the firm of Frost &
Scully, and that Frost and Florence Sylva
had each contributed to the new co-part
nership as their contribution to the part
nership assets the undivided one-hatf in
terest each owned in the Sausalito Elec
tric Light Works.
Harvey's Eyes Axe Opened.
When Harvey finally tried to claim the
property which he had instructed Sylva to
purchase for him he ran up against a
snag. He was confronted by Florences
Sylva, who informed him that she was
the owner of half the Sausalito Electric
Light Works and that the other half be
longed to Frost. Harvey admitted that
Frost rightly was the owner of half the
property but claimed the otner half. Flor
ence Sylva looked on him with scorn and
ACTORS PERISH
IN THE FLAMES
Lives Are Lost in a Dis
astrous Blaze in
Wisconsin.
HURLEY, Wis., Nov. 6.— The Klondike
Theater, owned by Edward Le Clalr,
caught fire early to-day while most of the
inmates were in bed and the wooden
structure was soon a mass of fire. Nine
men and one woman are missing and
there may be others who have lost then
lives in the fire.
The dead are:
C. W. CLEVELAND, attorney, Hurley.
TOM RYAN, comedian. Ironwood. Mich.
F. L. GAY, stage manager, St. Louis.
THOMAS OZZONNE, property man.
THOMAS LE CLAIR, bartender, brother
of owner.
H. H. CLIFFORD, comedian.
HARRY RAYMOND, porter.
GEORGE BENERT. pugilist.
CLARA BONNE, vocalist.
D. B. MEYER, musician.
The injured are: Jennie Bender, sou
brette, burned, may die: Laura Russell,
musician, badly bruised; William Rush
bolt, barber, Ironwood, Mich., face cut;
William McLaughlin, second cook, burned,
may die; Ella Hess, vocalist, bruised and
burned.
The Klondike Theater building was a
structure 125 feet long, three stories high
and 50 feet wide, and valued at $10,000. It
was occupied by twenty-five people, con
sisting of the Le Clair family and a. stock
company, which gave a vaudeville enter
tainment six nights a week. On the first
floor was the auditorium, barroom, gam
bling rooms, dressing rooms, kitchen, din
ing rooms, stage and proprietor's bed
room. On the second floor were the boxes
and a number of rooms. The third floor
was partitioned into sleeping apartments.
The fire is thought to have been caused
by the explosion of an oil stove in the
proprietor's bedroom. When the alarm
was sounded the flames had cut off exit
by the stairway. The only remaining e*tt
was through the side and front windows.
Some of the women crawled through the
side windows! dropped to the adjoining
buildings and reached the ground with
slight injuries.
Laura Russell, of the musical team of
Meyer and Russell, was thrown from the.
third story by her partner, D. M. Meyer,
and fell heavily to the sidewalk, sustain
ing a broken elbow, and was badly
bruised. Meyer is thought to have tried
to rescue or alarm his friends, for he did
not follow through the window. He lost
his life. William Rushbolt. an Ironwood,
Mich., man, jumped from the second story
and in his fall was caught by a telephone
wire and turned over in the air. He fell
on his face and side and had his limb 3
broken. His recovery is uncertain.
Clara Bonne, the only woman victim,
was warned of the danger but, after start
ing for safety, returned to her room. It
is supposed she hoped to secure a portion
of her jewelry and wardrobe. Frank L.
Gay, the stage manager, had been in his
room about an hour when the fire broke
out, and no one saw him after he left
the dressing room. Seven bodies of the
missing have been found, but their iden
tity cannot be determined.
LOS ANGELES PEOPLE
EAGER TO HEAR CALVE
Advance Sales for the Presentation of
"Carmen" Are Unusually
Large.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6.— Maurice Grm.u,
whose Metropolitan Grand Opera Com
pany will open In Hazard's Pavilion on
Friday evening for three performances,
has arrived here. The member^ of his
company are expected to-morrow, some
from New Orleans and others from New
York. The advance sale far the produc
tion of "Carmen" on Friday evening, with
Mile. Calve in the title role, has been re
markably large, the house having been
sold out. The other two operas to be
given here are "Lohengrin" on Saturday
afternoon and "Les Huguenots" on Satur
day evening.
told him to "go way back and sit down. "
Harvey, however, consulted his attorney.
When Harvey had a talk with Froat he
was informed that Sylva had told Frost
that all the transactions in the purchase
and trajisfer of half the property wmrn
known to Harvey and that Harvey had
desired the transfer to be made to Flor
ence Sylva. Frost informed Harvey that
as Sylva was his attorney and he had
faith in him, all Sylva's requests had been
complied with.
When Harvey approached Sylva and
asked him many times to return the bal
ance of the $4000 left over after the pur
chase of the half interest in the electric
light works .Harvey was told that the bal
ance had been used to satisfy a mortgage
on the property. Harvey says that when
he asked Sylva for his tule to the prop
erty he was told that the transaction ha I
not been completed on account of the
mortgage.
Recently Discovers the "Job."
Harvey says that as Sylva was his at
torney and agent and that he had every
confidence in him he accepted Sylva'3
statements as being true, and only re
cently discovered that he had been
"jobbed."
Harvey, in his complaint, asks the Su
perior Court of Marin County to grant
him an injunction to prevent Adolph Syl
va, Florence Sylva, Thomas G. Frost and
Lisette Frost, as individuals, and Frost
and Florence Sylva. as co-partner 3, from
transferring, assigning, selling or dispos
ing of any part of the half interest in tha
Sausalito Electric Light Works, pur
chased by Sylva with Harvey's money
and transferred to Florence Sylva in a
fraudulent manner.
Harvey also as4cs that a receiver be ap
pointed to tEtke charge of the lighting
wcrks to prevent any division of the prof
its of the business and also asks that he
b,e declared the owner of the half interest
m the property described in his complaint.
He further prays that the co-oartnership
between Frost and Florence Sylva be de
clared null and void and that the defend
ants, with the exception of Frost, be pro
hibited from interfering with or handling
the property in question.
A second complaint was also filed by
Harvey to recover the sum of $499 75,
which, he claims, is the balance of cash
belonging to him out of the $4000 he hand
ed to Sylva to purchase the half interest
for Harvey in the electric light works.
The second complaint asks for an at
tachment against the property held in the
name of Florence Sylva. but which prop
erty is alleged to be owned by Adolph
Sylva, her brother.
DIES ON STEPS
OF A HOSPITAL
Starvation Ends Aged
Paralytic's Life in
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— Fred Weingarten,
an. aged paralytic, died of starvation just
rs he was being carried into the Coun
ty Hosp^tftl last night and before succor
could be administered to him.
Weingarten, who has been living alone
in an old adobe on South Market street,
was found in a filthy and starved con
dition yesterday. He was nearly dead.
Father Bolican of St. Jo3eph'3 pariah
brought the matter to the attention of
the police and he was removed to the
County Hospital, but Weingarten ex
pired just as he was carried into the
place. He had been partly paralyzed,
and in his weakened condition was un
able to make his wants known. Death
resulted from starvation and exposure.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
PRINCESS VIROQUA, M. D.v
Endorses Lydia £. Pinkham's
. Vegetable Compound After
Following Its Record For
Years.
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham:— Health is
the greatest boon bestowed on human-
ity and therefore anything that can
restore lost health is a blessing. I
consider liydiaE. Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound as a blessing to
State and Nation. It cures her moth-
ers and daughters and makes them
well and strong.
Km. \HI ilP^ : ss'si^mf Mm
. •' PBINCESS "VTROQXXA.
•-<-\ . Practicing Physician and Lecturer.
I For fifteen years I have noted the
effect of your Vegetable Compound in
curin^.special diseases of women.
'tl^iow- of nothing superior for
ovarian trouble, barrenness, and it
has prevented hundreds of dangerous
operations " where physicians claimed
it was the only chance to ~ get well.
Ulceration and inflammation of the
womb has been cured in two or three
weeks through its use, and. as I find' it
purely an herbal remedy, I unhesitat-
ingly give it my highest endorsement.
—Fraternally yours, Db. P. Viboqua,
Lansing, Ittich"" — $5000 forfeit If above tm-
timoniai is not genuine. , "
If you are ill do not hesitate to
get a bottle of JLydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound at
1 once, ; and -"write to * Mrs. Plok-
ham at Lynn, Mass. for special
advice; it is entirely free.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver declined again. Exchange unchanged.
Ji'hcat futures firmer. Barley weaker.
Oats, Corn and Rye as prci'iously quoted.
Hay weaker under larger arrivals. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Xo further variation in Beans.
Potatoes easier. Onions steady.
Butter and Cliccsc reported in ample supply.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
I^ard 1-2 C lower. Hams and Bacon unchanged
Hogs fewer again and in liberal receipt.
Pine Eggs continue to advance.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Fresh Fruits quiet and featureless.
Local stocks and bonds inactive.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New Tork say: "The
talsin situation on the coast continues very
(emoralized and the market for both loose and
leeded is weaker. Three-crown loose Musca
.els. it is reported on excellent authority, were
sffered yesterday at less than 4c f. o. b. coast.
and fancy seeded, it is understood, are now
being offered by outside exchange packers direct
to Jobbers at under 6c. f. o. b. coast. At these
figures it is stated some business is being
done. Other outsiders offer fancy seeded at
*• for fancy. Some new coast seeded raisins
have arrived and are quoted at 7%s for fancy
grade. Spot supplies of loose raisins are fair,
but demand is light at unchanged quotations.
"Prunes are scarce on th* spot and the mar-
Vet is firm, with a good demand. Sizes 40-70s
are most wanted and least plentiful. The coast
market continues weak. Santa Claras offer on
a 2v4e basis and Sonomas and other northern
fruit on a 2',jc basis. Oregons quoted from a
l%ic to a 2c basis, with little doing.
•"Currants are very strong and active at
E^s^o^ic. with a good business reported in
round lots of Amalias. Bids of aHc were made
for a number of round lots and declined.
Fancy and medium grades of figs are firm
and sell well. More interest is noted in peach
es choice being held around Sc for bags and
*'*c for boxes. A little trade is doing also in
apricot*."
The Business Outlook.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"With so many uncertainties in the financial
atmosphere and attention to business some
what diverted by the excitement of a political
campaign, the time is not propitious lor any
organized bull movement. It may be argued
that there is very little material for a bear
campaign, and this is true, except for the high
jirices at which some stocks are ruling, the
weakness of the Industrials and the unsatis
factory state of affairs abroad. These are facts
that must not be forgotten. Competitive bid
ding for control has carried some stocks many
joints above their true value, rendering them
extremely dangerous to marginal holders, be
cause the time must come when they will sink
to their intrinsic level. Nor can the evil day
be postponed by changing 6 per cent stocks
into S per cent bonds, cutting • them in two
and selling at par. These are very profitable
transactions for some parties, but stockholders
of the guaranteeing companies are likely to
leel the load when the period of contraction
sets in As for the industrials there is for
tunately little speculation in these: but they
•will be the first and most sensitive to any
commercial reaction. Thus far our prosperity
lias been so great that we seem comparatively
indifferent to European depression, yet it must
not be overlooked that any impairment of
Europe's purchasing abilities will inevitably be
reflected here and that the continuance of low
prices in Europe and high prices in the United
States means a check upon our exports and a
stimulus to our imports that will soon put
an end to the phenomenally favorable trade
balances with which we have been congratu
lating ourselves -ing: the past four or five
years. Already there have been symptoms of
a change in the drift of our foreign trade.
. exports having shown two or three declines
and imports a steady growth, and this fact
was emphasized by this weeks shipments of
gold at a time when we are usually importing
gold. Because of our great financial strength
and prosperity it Is argued we can easily spare
considerable sums for Europe's needs, which
xnay be fortunately true, but it does not alter
the fact that our International exchanges are
In a less favorable condition than they have
been for several years. At present we need feel
no serious concern about gold exports, far bank
reserves '.'ill soon bezin to rise and there are
no present indications of important disturbance
In the local money market, especially with Sec
retary Gage's precautionary offer to buy bonds
In an emergency.
"An encouraging feature is the satisfactory
condition of general business. There are no
rieris yet of reaction, and the principal lines
of trade are enjoying another season of un
exampled prosperity. This is true of the entire
country except in the drouth district, where
corn and cotton were badly Injured. The ag
ricultural interests of the country as a whole
are prosperous. Iron has always been con
sidered a good barometer or trade, and if this
lx» true conditions must be satisfactory, for
the great iron mills of the country are run
ning to their fullest capacity, with orders
three and six months ahead at present hleh
prices. Railroad earnings are excellent. The
percentages of gain are not quite so large as
last year; but this is not to be expected and
certainly cannot be construed as a bearish
feature."
. Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 6. ]9Cl— s p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls' to
'.ate, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka O.fO 6.7<- 7.55
Red Bluff 000 3.90 3.05
Sacramento O.CO ! .90 1.82
San Francisco 0.00 1.42 1.9.1
Fresno 0.00 1.13 0.49
Independence 0.00 1 .07 0.84
San Luis Obispo 0.00 2.56 1.93
Los Angeles 0.00 2. T0 0.26
San Diego 0.00 0.34 0.30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Co: minimum. 52: mean, 58.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 52-3S: Cincinnati, 28-26; Washington,
48-30: Jacksonville, 64-50; New York. 4G-C8; Kan
pas City. 50-40: Omaha, 48-36; Duluth. 30-22; Salt
Lake City. 64-42: Chicago, 36-30; St. Louis. 44-36;
Philadelphia. 46-34.
THE COAST RECORD.
C g Jg" C S «5
> pun n I
• STATIONS. = ?=? | < 2 -- 2
S ¦ H -'— 3 ; E
Astoria 30.0* .',2 44 SE Cloudy 0
Baker 50. 16 50 28 SE Cloudy 0
Carson 30.10 «2 30 N Pt Cldy 0
Eureka 30.04 M 44 N Clear 'c
Fresno 29.94 76 52 E cloudy 0
Flagstaff 30. 1« 62 30 BW Pt Cldy 0
Pocatello. 1dah0... 30. 24 50 M S Clear 0
Independence 29.96 70 4g SE Pt Cldy 0
Los Angeles 29. 98 76 50 \V cloudy 0
Phoenix 29.94 82 48 W Pt Cldy 0
Portland 30. 54 40 S Cloudy 0
Red Bluff 28.94 76 48 SE Clear 0
Roseburg ......30.06 56 36 W Pt Cldy Vi
Sacramento 29.90 74 50 X Pt Cldy 0
Rait Lake... 30.18 M 42 N Clear 0
San Francisco 29.98 64 66 SW Pt Cldy 0i
San Luis 0b15p0...30.C2 70 46 N pt Cldy 0 :
Pan Dleso 30.04 CS 56 SW Cloudy *C
SeatUe 30. 04 r,2 42 ?K Cloudy "o
Spoken* 30.12 48 26 HE Cloudy 0
Xeahßay 2S.W £2 4fi E Rain .10
Walla Walla 30.06 r.B 40 XX Pt Cldy ' 0
Wlnnemucca 30. C 2 28 NE Cltar 0
Yuma 29.88 86 12 SW Cf^Tr ' -0
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 56 degrees. . i
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is beginning to fall slowly along
the coast from Cape Blanco northward. An area
of high pressure Is moving rapidly southeast
ward over the Rocky Mountain region.
The weather is generally cloudy over Califor
nia and fog is reported along the coast from
San Francisco southward.
The temperature has fallen from 10 to 14 de
grees along the coast from San JFrancisco to
Los Angeles.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 7. 1901:
Northern California— Thursday, with
fresh southeasterly winds; cooler and possibly
light rain by night: fog- on th* coast.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled weather
Thursday, with fog along the coast; cooler in
the Interior; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada— Cloudy, cooler Thursday; fresh
northeast winds.
£&a Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, threaten
ing weather Thursday; possibly light rain by
night: continued cool; fresh southweit winds
with fog. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market. .
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— To-day's stock market I
was dominated by the authoritative admissions |
from various quarters that the basis had been j
agreed on for the settlement of the Northern
Pacific controversy, although the reports of an I
official announcement were deprecated, as it
was said, details being not yet ready to be
arranged. The arrival from Kurope to-day of |
1 W. K. Vanderbilt, who was named by Mr. \
I Morgan as the final arbitrator of any difficulty
upon which the conciliation board of directors !
might not be able to come to an agreement, 1
helped to incite the large speculative buying
i which was notable among all the transconti
j nental railways. The dealings in Union Pa
i ciSc and St. Paul were on a scale to recall the
1 days of the stock market boom in the spring
lof this year, and the resulting rise in St.
! Paul reached 4% and in Union Pacific 4V4. The
Union Pacific convertible bonds were absorbed
at the same time on an enormous scale. .In
Southern Pacific the rise reached I*4. Great
Northern preferred I*4, Atchison 2% : and in
Northwestern 3T4. Northern Pacific preferred
! fluctuated narrowly, thus suggesting that its j
j present price is near to its valuation under the
! plan. The Southwestern and some of the
Southern stocks afforded another center of ac- |
tivity and strength, based on the series of ex
: traordinarily favorable returns of gross earn
ings for the fourth week in October. The
Southern Railway stocks were also aided by
the vote of Cincinnati In favor of extending
the lease of the Cincinnati Southern. In these j
groups there were gains in Nashville. Chatta- 1
nooga and St. Louis of 3',j. St. Louis and San
Francisco 3V4. Southern Railway preferred 2Tg. I
Missouri Pacific 2%, St. . Louis Southwestern I
preferred 2 and the Denver and Rio Grande j
stocks, Texas and Pacific, Louisville and Nash
ville and Southern Hallway 1%. The increase |
in railway ear-nines for the fourth week in Oc- 1
tober ever those for the corresponding period |
of last year for Missouri Pacific reached 22 per
cent. St. Louis and San Francisco 25 per cent.
Louisville and Nashville 14 per cent and Mis- j
souri, Kansas and Texas 12 per cent.- There ;
were other roads with almost equally striking
gains, but they did not share in the advance, j
A number of specialties were notably weak
early in the day. Including Sugar. Amalga
mated Copper, People's Gas. American Ice and
Metropolitan Street Railway, but except in
Sugar and Amalgamated Copper there were
strong recoveries. In P. C. C. and St. L. pre
ferred. Wells Farso, Pacific Coast. St. Law
, rence and Adirondack. Chicago and Eastern'
Illinois, Buffalo, Rochester and Plttsbun? and
Rutland preferred there were gains of 2 to 3 j
points. . ..«.«,«. »_ ; ._ ._ S
The laree dealings in bonds centered in the ;
Union Pacific and other convertible bond is
sues. Total sales. $6,370,000. United States ;
"bonds were all unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales High Low Close
Atchlson ...: 65,100 Sl',* 7»Vi Si 1
Atchison prefd 7.300 97% 97 97%
Baltimore & 0hi0....... 8.400 IDS', loSVi 10S-,j '
Baltimore A: Ohio prefd. 1.300 94"^ 94% 94 j
Canadian Pacific 2,800 112% 111 1 - 112&
Canada Southern 400 84% S3 1 * 83 |
Chesapeake & 0hi0..... 8.400 4JV4 46% 47% ¦¦
Chicago & Alton 3.000 3b% 33% 36
Chicago & Alton prefd • 76ij '
Chi lnd & Louis 2,500 42% 41% 42',»
Chi lnd & Louis prefd. 100 72 . 72 72
Chi & East 111 700 130 127 128
Chi & Great West 5.6'J0 25^ 26 •£>%
Chi & G \V A prefd BSVj
Chi & G W B prefd.... 200 50 SO 49
Chi & Northwestern 4.lt"J 212% 209T4 212 1 ,- 1
Chi H I & Pacific 2.000 146 145 14S !
Chi Term & Trans HKI 20»« 20 Vi 20*4
Chi Term ii Trans prefd 600 37% 37 3714
CC &St Louis -.. 1.600 S)% 9JH 99% !
Colorado Southern 1.6U0 14 I:!** 14
Colo Southern Ist prefd. 200 54 54 54
Colo Southern 2d prefd. 4(H) 24Vi 2414 24% ',
I Delaware & Hudson.... 1.000 173 172 172 1
Del Lack & West 100 237 237 236
i Denver & Kio Grande... 3,300 46Vi 4.". 46 I
1 Denver &X G prefd 14.800 94 9214 y3Vi I
Erie : 31.400 4i»v; 41 Vi ' 42'g
Eric Ist prefd 6,000 71 70 70%
Erie 2d prefd 1.203 57«4 i 56V4 57V4 !
Great Northern prefd... 2.300 133% 19»% 195>,i j
Hocking Valley ,200 53% 57 57%
Hocking Valley prefd... 200 77' 2 77', 77&
: Illinois Central 8,600 141 Vi 140 141%
; lowa Central 41
1 lowa Central prefd 78 1
Lake Erie & West : 700 73 72% 72t£ '
Lake Erie & W prefd .... 133, ;
Louisville & Nashville. 14.700 10. r ,Vi 103% 105& '
Manhattan L 30.200 12:.'i 123% 124% ¦
Metropolitan St Ry 31.700 157>4 13314 1."7
Mexican Central ." M 21V4 21% 21V£
Mexican National 100 1314 1314 13"!
Minneapolis &St Louis 20(1 109 109 108% ]
Missouri Pacific 47.400 102 . 99 101% |
< Missouri Kansas & Tex 1.300 26% 26 26% |
> Missouri Kan & T prefd 1,500 52% 51% 52 I
; New Jersey Central 173
New York Central 6,400 1."5% ir>6H 159
Norfolk & Western 5.300 57% 56% 57
Norfolk & West profd 89t£
Northern Pacific prefd.. 9.800 103 V; 104% 104%
Ontario & Western 6.900 34% 34 34%
Pr-nnfylvania 10,700 145% 144% 145'/
Reading 8,300 43% 43 43%
Reading Ist prefd 2.50:) 77% 77% 77% i
Reading 2d prefd 6.600 54% 54 5414
St Lou Ik & San Fran.. 5.900 46% 43 46%- ,
St L& S F Ist prefd.. 1.400 79 78% 79 j
ISt I, & S F M prefd.. 1.200 69% 68% 69
St Louis South western.. 600 27% 26 27 '
.St Louis SW prefd 4,300 58% 56.$ 58-. I
j St Paul : 154,800 174% 169% 174% 1
ISt Paul prefd 400 191% I9nii 191 1
; Southern Pacific C 4.800 Cl% ,60% 01% I
Southern Railway 71.100 34% 33% 34'/, !
Southern Railway prefd 26.200 91% 89% 91
Texas & Pacific 6,410 40% 39 1£ 40
Toledo St L & West 200 21 20% 20%
Toledo St L& W prefd *.... . 341? I
Union Pacific ....211.300 108% 10514 108' i
Union Pacific pfd 7.700 90% R9% 90%
Waba»h , 7,600 20% • 20>4 20%
Wabash nfd 5.P00 37% 37' 37%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 171,4
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd 28--'
Wisconsin Central 600 21% 21 21 '
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 400 41% 40% 41%
Express Companies — .
Adams '. .' .... jr.-
American . iso «
United States 100 90 90 90
Wells Fargo 100.172% 172% 172%
Miscellaneous — , - "
Amalgamated Copper.... 25,400 86% R4 ? rs%
American Car & Fdry... 300 '26% 264 26%
iAm Car & Fdry pfd 800 81% 81% Rl'i
; American Linseed 0i1... j«
iAm linseed 0i1pfd...... 300 46% 45 44
Am Smelt & Refining... 1.f.00 41% 40% 41%
;Am Smelt & Ret p'd.... ' S*K> tt% 95% 95%
I Anaconda Mining C 0.... 3.200 34% 34% 34%
I Brooklyn Rapid Transit 18.200 64% H2M, f.3%
Colorado Fvel & 1r0n... 1.700 91% 93% 33%
Consolidated Gas .'1,300-215 213 . 214%
Continental Tobacco pfd ..... 114%
General K!ectr!c 2,100 280 2"iBW 259%
Glucose Sugar „ 400 41% 40 40
Hoekinc Coal ........... 200 14 14 14 -
International Paper. 200 20 20 19%
¦ International Paper pfd 200 7fi% 76 . 75%
International Power 100 88% 88% 89%
I^a^lede Gas .... .. 9914
National Biscuit 200 42. 41% 42
National - Lead • 200 20 ~ 19% 19%
National Salt . ¦«)i / 4
National Salt pfd 68
North American ' 800 97 96 %
Pacific Coast 400 64 63% «2
Pacific Moll 2.100 45% 45 43 •
People's Oan '. 3.700 101% 99 100%
Pressed Steel Car 7.600 44 42% 43%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 4.200 84 8* •R4
Pullman Palace Car 218
Republic Steel 700 15% J474 15
Republic Steel pfd ROO Cfi% 66 66 :
Sugar 20.400 118% 116 11fi%
Tenn^nee Coal & Iron. 400 60% r,n% 60%
T"nion Rbs & Paper Co 200 15 15 14
Tnlon Bag *P Co pfd .?.. . \2\ 2
United States Leather.. 100 12 if" 1174
V S Leather pfrt 200 80% ROM. Bn«i
Unitf^i States Rubber... 200 15 I", 141!
U S Rubber pfd..... i;, 7
I United States Steel 19.200 42% 41« 49V
U S Steel pfd .¦ 10.200 92' 91% 91%
Western Union 1.900 91% 91% 91%"
Total shares sold L 026. 600
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
CLOSING BONDS.
v s ref !s, reg.... 109 JL, & n unified te.101%
Do coupon 109 Mcx Central 45.... S2Vi
Do 3s, reg 108 1 Do Ist mc 23
Do 3s. coupon. ..loS Minn & St L 45..103i£
Do new 4s. reg. .139 jM, X & T 4s 10OU
Do new 4s, coup. 131 I Do 2ds Sl%
Do old 4s. reg...H2Vi ! N V Cent lsts 105%
Do old 4s. coup. 112 V, Do gen SVfes .. ...10SH
Do ss, reg 107- ,N J C gen 5s 130%
Do ss, coupon... 107 'Nor Pac 4s 104'/,
Atch gen 4s 103 ' Do 3s 72*1
Do ad] 4s 99% Nor & W con 45.. 102%
Bal & Ohio 4s 103 Reading Gen 45... 98' A
Do 3%s 96% S L & I M con 05.116
Do cony 4s 10SV<> S L & S F 4s 95
Can So 2ds 10S St Louis So lsts. 97>4
Centra] of Ga 55.. 105 I Do 2ds 79%
Do Ist mc 61 |S A & A Pass 45.. 87
Ches & Ohio 4%5..107 JSo Pacific 4s <i4^
'hi & Alton 3'£s.. 84% So Railway 5s 120%
< , B & Q new 45.. 9&hi Tex & Pac 15t5...119^
< M&S Pgn 4slll^ T, St L & W 45.. sIV4
i hi & N con 75.... 134% Union Pacific 45. .106
' , RI & Pac 45.. 10654 i Do cony 4s 109
•'. C, C & S Lsn4slo3^ Wabash lsts 117.*
("ni Term 4s 92 | Do 2ds HOVi
Colo &So 4s SS',i ! Do deb B 60
Den & R G 45....1C3'4 West Shore 4s ....113V.
Erie prior lien 45.. 99 W& L Erie 45.... 91 £
Erie General 45.... SS^Wis Cent 4s 88%
F W & D C lsts.. 107 ,Con Tobacco 45.... 64y t
Hocking Val 4H5..108 !
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con is Little Chief 13>4
Alice 40 Ontario 10 CO
Breece 1 00 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix 06
Comstoek Tunnel.. 05^ Potosl 05
Con Cal & Va.... 1 fiO Savage 05
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Sliver 1 &>> Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 S5
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 91%
Tall loans 3@4 Westinghse Com.. 69^
Vime loans 4(5 '44 Mining-
Bonds— .. lAdVenture 22 1 /?
Atchison 4s 92ViiAllouez 4£
Gas lsts 7S 'Amal Copper So 1 *
Mcx Central 4s ... SO Baltic 41
N E Gas & Coke.. 57 Bingham 27%
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.66o
Atchison SOY Centennial 16
Do prefd 97% ! Copper Range .... 5S
Boston & Albany. 2s7 Dom Coal 4714
Boston & Maine. .l 92 (Franklin lfi' R
Boston Elev 166 Isle Royale 22V 2
NY,N H & H....212 Mohawk 41'^
Fitchburg prefd. ..l42 'Old Dominion .... 25
Union Pacific lOS^.Osceola 97
Mexican Central... 21 jParrot 36%
Miscellaneous— IQulncy 155
Amer Sugar 11614 Santa Fe Copper.. 4' 4
Amer Tel & Tel.. 156 V* Tamarack 270
Pom Iron & Steel.. 27H'Trimountain 3S
General Elect ....259Vi Trinity 25-%
Mass Electric 36 United States .... 14%
Do prefd 934 Utah 22%
N tC Gas & Coke.. 4% Victoria 7
United Fruit S7 l * \Volverines hlhi
U S Steel 42^.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram .says:
American stocks opened buoyant and on the
outburst of strength in this department the
market hardened.
Rio Tintos spurted % to 46% with American
issues, which opened strong on an unofficial
announcement of a settlement of the Northern
Pacific situation. The defeat of Tammany,
too, had a good effect, as London regards it as
having an Important bearinc on American
credit. The market on the whole was more
active than for weeks past. Good authoritits
say that it is the beginning of a second boom
Union Pacific led in the advance, but New
York took profits, causing a relapse. The list
picked up on the curb after business. Atchison
being a strong favorite with big calls to the
end of January at Hi per cent. Southern Pa
cific. Denver and Rio Grande and Erie were all
in demand.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— Anaconda, 7%; Atchison.
&2: Canadian Paclilc, 114% ; Northern Pacific
preferred, 109; Denver and Rio Grande. 46:
Denver and Rio Grande preferred, 95; Southern
Pacific. 63; Union Pacific, 109; Union Pacific
preferred, 91. Bar silver, quiet, 26% d per ounce.
Money, 2(g2% per cent.
A 7 C7C York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Close— Money on call
steady at 3'<it?4 per cent: last loan, 3% p?r
cent; prime mercantile paper, 44 Is/1 s / 5 1 5 per cent.
Sterling exchange steady, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 86% for demand and at
$4 &3%@4 83 v4 for sixty days; posted rates.
$4 84>, 2 <g4 85 and $4 S7'i@4 SS: commercial bills.
$4 83@4 83%. Bar silver, 57Vgc; Mexican dol
lars, 45 1 ac. Government bonds, steady; State
bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances show: Available cash
balance. $173,561,448; gold. $109,136,510.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. «.— FLOUR— Receipts.
16.171 barrels; exports, 13.715; advanced s@loc a
barrel, checking business. Winter ' patents,
$3 MCI SO; do straights, $3 35ig3 50; Minnesota
patents. $3 75(§:4: winter extras. J2 60@2 90; do
low grades. $2 40^T2 50.
WHEAT— Receipts. 128,050; exports. 250.038;
spot. firm. No. 2 red, SITsC f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red. 78?4c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
80% cf. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 85% c
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened strong and
higher and maintained a Iff undertone most of
the day except for occasional setbacks under
profit-taking. Closed easy, unchanged. March
closed 80T«c: May. SO 3-16080% c. closed BO', 4 c;
December. 75%@79 l ie closed 7S%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice.
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 7%@11c. Futures
closed firm. 10«?20 points higher. Sales; 50,500
bags, Including: December. 6.05@6.20c: Janu
ary. C.I.V: March. 6.35@6.5'>c: May. 6.55@)6.65c;
June. 6.6C@C.6r.c; July. 1i.70(iT.6.50c; September,
6.90(!j7c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet; fair refining. 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 3%c; molasses sugar. 3c. Re
fined, quiet; standard A, 4.SOc; confectioners'
A. 4.80 c; mold A, 5.35 c; cut loaf. 5.50 c; crushed,
5.50 c; powdered. 5.10 c: granulated, sc; cubes,
sc.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13.171; steady. State
dairy. ]!)<32lc; creamery, 20(!5:22%c; June cream
ery, 17%@21%e; factory. 12 l A@15c. '
EGGS— Receipts, 13,262 packages; strong.
State and Pennsylvania, 23<g24c: Western can
dled, 20@23c: do uncandled. lS@22%c.
DRIED FRUIT.
There was not much doing in the market for
evaporated apples to-day. State common to
good. 6@Bc: prime, SV>c; choice, 9c- fancy 9%
@9%c. . .-.-•.. ¦
California dried fruits dull and steady •
PRUNES— 3%
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%@13c: Moorpark. &@
10c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ll@18c; unpceled, 6®9%c.
CJiicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6.— Wheat opened stronger
and higher on a strong cable list. There was
a good commission house demand early and
December opened %@%c advanced at 72%@72%c.
Prices even went to 72% c for a few moments,
but. at -that figure > the * rush <¦ of ' commission
house orders was overcome by a general dis
position to take profits. The corn market was
acting In a similar manner and when longs- in
both pits began to sell and there was no im
portant bull news to support the market prices
began to slide downward and .at. one . time
touched 71% c. There seemed to •be a belief
current that the slump was only temporary and
short covering brought a reaction at the close.
December closing weak- %@%c lower at 71%@
72c. . . :. . ; " -:• ¦;•¦«¦ .-."') . • ¦
Corn was very strong at the "opening. The
spot demand here was ' firm and river points
were still seeking to fill their buying 1 orders
In this market. .December closed weak J i<fi%c
lower at 59%@53«4c. • - 
Oats were active, closing %c lower at S7%c.
Provisions were heavy and dull. Prices were
a trifle better at the opening on a small de
mand for the ' short account. ~ Hogs | were a
shade lower and on . liberal . offerings prices
reacted and closed steady. Pork • closed un
changed; lard, 2%@5c up,, and ribs unchanged
The leading futures ranged as follows: • .
Articles— Open. High. Low. ¦ Close
Wheat No. 2—
November .......... 71% 71% 71% 71%
December .......... 72% 72% 71% 72 "
May 75% 75% 74% ' 75 -
. Corn No. 2—2 — . •
November 59 - 59 58% 5R%
December ...'59%' 60% 59% ' 59%
May ................ 62% 62% 61% 61%
Oats No. 2—
December ...... 37% , 37% 37%' 37%
May-,. '....... 40 40 39% " 39*
Mess Pork, per bbl— . ' - .
January ...........14.90' 14 95 14 77% 1487%
May 15 03 15 07% 14 95 15 00
Lard, per 100 lbs— ¦•» • •. ¦ .-..
May ......:. 870 . 875 : 8 62% . 8 67%
November :.... 8 57% 8 57% . 8 45 . .8 62%
December .8 57% 8 57% 8 47% * 8 52%
January 860 8 62% 850 8 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— .
January : ...*.. 770 770 7 62% 7 67%
May,- .;......... 7 82%: 7 82% .7 75- 780
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat. 67@70%c; No. 2 red.
73V&W74Hc: Xo. 2 yellow corn, 60%@61c: No. 2
oats, iOiQiOMc; No. 2 white. 4<Hi@42>Ac; No. 3
white. 4Kii42e; No. 2 rye, 56% c; fair to choice
malting barley, 55@58c; No. 1 fiaxseed. $1 4S.
No. 1 Northwestern $1 49; prime timothy seed.
J5 70@5 80; mess rork, per barrel,- $13 80@13 85;
lard, per 100 pounds, $S 55@S 57V&; short ribs
sides (loose), $7 So@7 90; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 7H97Hc; short clear sides (boxed),
JS 10@8 20; whisky, basis of high wines, 51 30.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 51.000 23.000
Wheat, bushels 310,000 $7,000
Corn, bUFhels 162.0C0 52.000
Oats, bushels 200,000 192.000
Rye. bushels 13.000 13.000
Barley, bushels 111,000 26,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams. 14@21c; dairies,
135119 c. Cheese, "9V4@10%c. Eggs, firm; fresh.
2ig2l'. 2 c. • ¦ • •— — .
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 W4 5 10%
Closing 5 9',i 5 11
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 2100 22 35
Closing 2100 22 40
Flour—
Opening 26 80 2S 40
Closing 26 SO 2S 40
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6. —Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreefs show the
following changes in available supplies since
last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increase 1,435,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increased 800,000; total sup
plies Increased 2.235.C00 bushels. •
Corn—United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 490,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 139,000 bushels.
Nczv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Features of Importance
were lacking In the market for metals to-day.
Tin was quiet and featureless at $24 60@25 lo
cally as well as abroad, where it closed at
£113 17s 6d and futures at £106 13s 6d.
Copper was also quiet at home and abroad,
closing- here at $16 Ss(?fl7 for Lake and $16 374®
!14 fi? for casting. At London spot copper
i closed at £6.") 12s 6d and futures at £61 17s 6d.
Lead was easy and Is 3d lower at London,
! Closing with spot quoted at £11 Ss 6d. Here It
j Was dull at $4 37-..
Spelter was quiet here at *4 37%. and 2s 6d
lower at London at £16 12s 6d.
Dompstic Iron markets were without change
\ and very quiet. Pig Iron warrants, $J 50@10 50;
1 No. 1 Northern foundry, $15?fl6: No. 2 foundry.
1 Southern, $U(<jls; No. 1 foundry, $16; No. 2
foundry, ' Southern, $14(fT15; No. 1 foundry,
! Southern, $14 50@15 50; No. 1 foundry, Southern,
• soft, $14 50@16.
I Glasgow warrants closed at 54s 7d and Mid
j dlesboro at 44s lVid.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— The market for cotton
futures opened weak with prices down 16 to 21
points on a bad scare of local lontrs and com
mission selling. The close was barely steady
at a net decline of 22 to 25 points.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6.— CATTLE — Receipts,
21.000, Including 2500 Westerns. Steady on best,
weak on medium and common grades. Good to
prime, $6 60®6 85; poor to medium. $3 Ss@3 90;
stockers and feeders, $2@4 25; cows. $1 25@4 65;
heifers ?2 2.s(?iT> 25; canners, $1 25@2 25; bulls.
$2 Ss@4 50; calves. $3(JT« 50; Texas steers, $3@
4; Western steers, $3 60(ia5 40.
HOGS— Receipts, to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
2.000; left over, 3000. Strong to 5c higher.
Mixed and butchers,' $5 65@6 05; good to choice
heavy $5 75@6 07U; rough heavy, $5 40rt70 65;
light. '$5 50@5 75; bulk of sales, $". 65(^5 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, -20.000; 10@15c lower;
lambs, 25c lower. Good to choice wethers,
$3 4n<fji 25; fair to choice mixed. $2 40(52 90;
native lambs, $2 50@4 S5; Western lambs, $3 50
(S3 60.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Nov. 6. -CATTLE— Receipts,
KM; steady to strong. Natives, $3if?6 75; cows
and heifers. $1 25(?5 25; veals. $3^6 25: bulls
and stags, $2@5: stockers and feeders, $1 50@
4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 7500; steady. Light and
light mixed, $5 00(ff5 90; medium and heavy.
$:. 70@6; pigs, $4 25-S5 65: bulk of sales. $5 70®
5 Si.
SHEEP— Receipts. 400. Lambs. $4 70.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. 6.— Clearings, $54.552; bal
ances, $17,352.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 6— WHEAT— WaIIa Wal
la, 55<§56c; blue «tern. 53c; valley, 55c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 6.— Wheat, %c higher; blue
stem, 57c; club, 56c.
Clearings, $233,366: balances, $19,156.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— Consols, 91 7-16 d; Silver,
26% d; French Rentes. lOOf 77% c; wheat cargoes
on passage, firmer tendency; cargoes of No. 1
Standard California wheat. 2Ss 6d; cargoes
Walla Walla wheat, 27s 6d: English country
markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 6— Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard California, 5s 10%d®5s lid; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm: French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, cold.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 9-lGd.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
The $1,230,493 brought up from Australia by
the Ventura makes a total for this account
thus far tbis year of $11,454,553, against $17,
104,364 for the same time last year.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7vi
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris futures were
higher.
Chicago was firmer at the opening on better
forelpn advices, but local realizing, selling by
elevators and the raiding of the bears caused
a reaction and the market declined somewhat.
Wires to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. said:
"Broomhall's cable, attributing the Liverpool
strength partially to fears of political compli
cations, excited short selling. There was good
cash buying in New York and St. Louis, how
ever, mainly for French account. The com
mission houses had a good many buying
orders. The speculative feeling was bullish
on prices and the small Argentine crop, and
probable large European needs. Armour's
brokers sold freely and the Northwest also
sold."
Bradstreefs gave stocks as follows: East of
the Rockies, an increase of 1,543.000 bushels;
Europe and afloat, an Increase of SOO.COO; total
Increase, 2.235,000 bushels.
This market was firm, with' a slight Improve
ment on call.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 9S94c@sl; milling,
$1 02%igi 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2oCo ctls,
$1 06%. December— 2ooo, $1 01.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, Jl 00%;
2000. JlOOVi; 2000, $100%. May— 2ooo, $105%;
2000, $105; 4000, $104%.
Regular Morning Session— May— l2,ooo ctls,
$1 04%; 2000, $1 04%. ¦
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, SI 04%;
2000, $1 0414; 36.C00, $104%.
BARLEY— There was a weaker feeling ap
parent, nnd 75c was about the best figure for
spot Feed, while futures fell off somewhat.
The market was dull on the spot, but more
active on call.
Feed, 72%@75c for No. 1 and 7Q@71 1 4c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%@
&2%c; Chevalier, 95c<g$l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, 73c.
Regular Morning Session— Booo ctls, 73c. May
—2000, 73% c; 6000, 73% c; 4000, 73% c; 4000, 73% c;
2000, 73% c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market continues quiet, steady
and unchanged.
Grays, Jl lOCtl 22%; whites, Jl 15@1 27%; Sur
prise, $1 30<gl 32V- ; black, $I@l 20, and red,
$1 05@l 17% per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 25 for
seed.
CORN— Chicago advanced, but fell back.
Prices continue higher In the interior than at
Chicago, and the movement from the farms is
still small. About 200.000 bushels were taken
at Chicago for the South. The Continental
packers sold both Oats and Corn.
This market showed no further change. Re
ceipts of the new crop are running light at
the moment.
Large yellow Is quoted at $1 20@l 25; small
round yellow, $1 25@1 30; white, nominal; Eaot
ern Corn nominal.
RYE— 72%@76%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, S3 25©
350 usual terms- Bakers' Extras, $3 13@3 25:
Oregon. S2 50@2 "5 per barrel for family and
$2 76(33 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 7a
@3. '
MILLSTUKFS— Prices la sacks are as fo.
lows usual discount to the trade: Granani
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Kye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 GO; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. 33 25;
extra cream do, $4: Oat Groats. $5; Hominy, H
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
In sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, *5; Rj>Kt Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 poundb.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay during the past forty-eight
hours amount to 11C0 tons. There Is now a lib
eral supply on the market, and prices are
softer in consequence. There is no change in
Feedstuffs.
BRAN— SIS@I9 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S^O@2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. 1>1@1S; jobbing. $28 50
@£): Cocoanut Cake, $2i'@2l; Corn Meal, $31 5U
4t32; Cracked Corn, $3l 1 @32 50; Mixed Feed. $18
4? 19.
HAY— Wheat, $9®ll 50: fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat. $8@11; Oat. $8W10; Barley and Oat.
$7@>9; Alfalfa, $S@10; Clover, $5 io@7; Volun
teer, $S&S; Stock, $5@7 per ton.
STRA\V— 3O&4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
No further change In Beans Is reported. As
soon as the short shipping contracts are filled
the trade rather look for a lower market. Re
ceipts continue heavy, those for the past for
ty-eight hours being 18,605 sacks.
BEANS-Bayos, %z 3U®2 50; Small White, $3®
3 25; Large White, $2 50@2 75; Pea. $3®3 50;
Pink $2 10@2 25; Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $J 45®
3 60;" Limas. $4 60@4 SO; Red Kidneys. $3 50@4
per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3@3 15: Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 40; Flax. $2 t>s@3 25; Canary.
3Vi@3V4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, B\ a c;
Rape, l\4@l%c; Hemp, 3Vsc per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes were quoted rather lower, the mar
ket being well supplied. Onions continue
steady, though receipts are free.
Sweets are in lighter supply and rather
firmer. There is no change worthy of note In
Vegetables.
POTATOES— SS@SSc for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 10@l 35; Oregon
Burbanks, nominal; River Reds, $1 25@1 40;
Sweets, 40(§50c for Rivers and 75@80c for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— SI 25@1 50 per ctl; Pickle Onions,
GC@7sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@3c for Gar
den; String Beans, I%<S2c; Limas, l l «<ci2c: Cab
bape. t>o@7sc per ctl; Tomatoes, from Alameda,
25W ,".')C ; Dried Peppers, HOUHc; Green Okra,
BO'S 6sc per box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cu
cumbers, 30@4flc; Pickles, 2^(§Zc per lb for
smdll and IGllMc for large; Garlic. lV2@2%c;
Green Peppers, 40i@5Cc per box for Chile and 40
<gsoc for Bell; Egg Plant. 40@50c per box; Sum
mer Squash, $1; Marrowfat Squash, $6@S per
ton; Hubbard Squash, $ICSIS.
Poultry and Game.
No more Eastern Poultry came in yesterday.
Receipts of local stock were about equal to the
demand, and prices showed little change.
The situation in Game remained about the
same. Receipts were 75 sacks, and some were
tainted. Prices were about as before.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@19c; Live
Turkeys, 14Vi@15y>c for Gobblers and 14U@15Vic
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens, $4©5; young Roosters, $;i 50@4;
old Roosters, $4@4 30; Fryers. $3 2.'>@3 50; Broil
ers, $3@3 50 for large and $2 50@3 for small;
Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75
@2 for Squabs.
. GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1: Hara, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3 50Q4 50; Canvasback, J3@s; Sprig,
$2 50(33: Teal, $1 50@l 75; Widgeon, $1 50<f?l 75;
Small Ducks, $1 50; Black Jacks. $1 SOCtl 75;
English Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 25: Gray
Geese, *3 50; White Geese, $1; Brant, Jlgl 50
per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is quoted top-heavy all along the
street, with more sellers than buyers. Stocks
are liberal.
Cheese is also In good supply and rather
weak than otherwise, though prices are no
lower.
Eggs remain about as before. Fancy ranch
are firm at the advance noted, but all other
grades are slow and more or less easy. Re
ceipts from the East are free and with
drawals from cold storage are continuous.
Receipts were 23,500 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 355 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs. 12.900 pounds of
California Cheese and 22,320 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 27U(f?23c per lb for
fancy and 24©'26 c for seconds; dairy, lS^S^c;
store Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub,
21(g22%c; Pickled Roll. lS(&19c; Keg, lS@l3c
per lb.
CHEESE— New, U%'al2c; Old. 10% c; Young
America, 12%(f?13c per lb; Eastern, IG^ISc.
EGGS— Ranch, 39^40c and sometimes 41c for
selected large. 35<g37%c for good to choice and
32 1 -^'g34c for fair; store, 22@25c per dozen; cold
storage. 20@22%c; Eastern. lS!jl24c, with extra
whit* at 27% c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Local fruits were featureless yesterday.
Grapes were late and in light receipt. Berries
were dull, with meager arrivals. Cantaloupes
and Nutmegs were nominal, with few seen.
Grape Fruit is weak. So are Lemons, with a
reduction In the inside quotations. Limes and
Oranges remain as before.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 per box for extra, SOffSoc
for good to choice and 25<g50c for ordinary.
POMEGRANATES— 6O<S7Sc per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellls, $1(01 25 per box; com
mon, 50Sf75c.
QUINCES- 2c@soc per box.
PERSIMMONS— CO<?jf9Oc per box.
STRAWBERRIES— SBGS per chest for Long
worths and $3(ii4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— None in.
RASPBERRIES— S4(SS per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— of "c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $10 25@10 50 per
barrel; Coos Bay, }2 50 per box.
FlGS— Black, $1 per box; white, nominal.
MELONS — Nutmegs, nominal: Cantaloupes,
nominal; Watermelons;, $s@lo per 100.
GRAPES— Verdels. 40<S65c per box and crate;
Tokay. 35<gf-60c; Isabellas, $l<ol 15; Muscat, 40®
65c; Black, 40®75c; Cornichons, 40@S5c.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. 75c<S$2 for com
mon. $3<g3 50 for good to choice and $3 75 for
fancy; new Navels. $2 50@3 50; Tangerines.
$1 Vr.frf 2 ; Lemons, flOc^l 50 for common and
$2(§2 75 for good to choice; Grape Fruit, $1 50®
3 50; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas, $1 75<?j
3 per bunch for New Orleans and $l(jj2 tor Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and. Raisins.
There Is nothing new. to report in this mar
ket, trade being dull aM around.
FRUITS— 7<&B%c for Royals and 8@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, s(g7c; sun-drleld, 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears. 4iS - 8c; Plums, pitted. 3%
@sc; unpilted, l@2c: Nectarines. 5@5%c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40' s, 6%@5%c; 40-50* s. 4%@5c; 50-60' s. 4%@
4%c; 60-70' 3%@4c: 70-80' 3%@3%c; 80-90' 2%
@3c; 90-100' s, 2',4@2%c per lb.
¦ RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, '. $1 CO; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels Four-crown, 4%c; Three
crown, 4%c; Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, B%c;
choice, 7%c ; standard, 6%c; . prime, 5%c ; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. ' Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, S%c;
choice • seeded, ¦ 5%c. . .
Chestnuts, 8@12%c; Walnuts, No.. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2. 7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13@14 for papershell, 10@llc
for softshell and s@6c for hardshell ; Pea
nuts, s@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts, : 12@12%c; Pecans. H@l3c: Cocoanuts
$3 50@5. ¦
• HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
l%c for light amber; water white extracted,
s@6c; light amber extracted. 4@sc; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 2S@2Bc per lb.
Provisions.
Lard is %c lower. Hams and Bacon are
weak, though they show no decline. There Is
no change in barreled goods. The demand Is
lg%it and the whole market Is weak.
Chicago was lower, with a good deal of stuff
on the market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy
12% c for light medium, 13% c for light'
14% c fo:- extra light and 15c for sugar-cured'
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13* Ac: California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $11 per "barrel- extra
Mt-ss. $12; Family. $12 50; prime Mess Pork
$15; extra clear, $23; Mes3, $19; Smoked Beef'
14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at Sc per lb for
compound and lie for pure: half-barrels Dure
l%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-Ib tins, 11% C - 3-l'b tins'
12c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10% - three
half-barrels. 10% c; one tierce, 10'4c- two tiercei
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. uen.es.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about l'lc under quotations. Heavy Halted
Steers, llfffllVjc; medium. 10@10V4c; light, SV4c;
Cow Hides, 10c for heavy and 9^c for light'
Stags, 7©7% c; Salted Kip. 9H@loc; Salted Wai'
10c; Salted Calf, lOVac; Dry Hides, ll©l6Hc :
Culls. 14c; Dry Kip, 14©15 c; Dry Calf. I8®13c :
Culla and Brands. lOtfflGc; sheepskins, eheai
lings, 15@30c each; short Wool. M'SoOc each: me
dium, 50@75c; long Wool, SOcg^l 10 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 50(62 75 for large and $2i?J-' 25 for
medium, $1 75 for small and 50c fur Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for larg». H 25@1 50 for
medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skins. 35c: fall ot
medium skinc-, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, f.Oc; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6 1 4 c; No. 1 rendered, 5@
s'; C per lb: No. 2, 4@4'.*.c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, defect
ive. 7 months. 7@Sc: Oregon Valley fine, 131*
loc; do, medium and coarse. ll<§!13c: Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good. 9®
lie; Nevada, 10<ffl2c.
Fall— San Joaquin. G»i@B'/i<-: San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%©9 c; Middle County. ?«10c: North
ern Mountain, free. «j@llc; do. defective. S@9c,
Humboldt ami Mendoclno. ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 9<s'loc lor fair and ll#l3c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs have declined again, and the packers
have changed their weight basis, as will be
seen. There are plenty coming in, and the
packers are advising their country connections
to hold them back. There is no change In the
other descriptions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6k>c for Steers and 5@5 l -ic per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, B<@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6V@7c: Ewer. 6@6^c per
pound.
LAMB— 7«fSc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 2SO lbs, 5%e;
under 150 lbs, SHSoHc; sows. 20 per cent off.
boars 30 per cent off and stags. 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c: local
make, "Ac less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 31
@35c; Fleece Twine. "^©Sc; Fruit Bags. W9
tVic for cotton and 7@7^c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington, |9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Coos Bay, ta 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative
Wallsend. $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15:
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 20C0 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand.
OlLS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In Barrels, boiled.
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, Sse; cases, 90c;
China Nut. 55g72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels, 70c: cases. 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 4O'g4sc per gallon;
Oil. barrels. 37Vic; cases, 42>4c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels. 63'; c for Ceylon and SSV;C for Aus-
COAL OlL— Water White Coal O1!, In bulk.
13fec; Pearl Oil, in cases. 2Cc: Astral. 20c; Star.
20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene, 22c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21'/Ac; Benzine, in bulk. 14c: In cases.
20% c; SB-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; in cases.
26V4c
TURPENTINE— SS^c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90 c; Pow
dered. 4.75 c; Car.dy Granulated. 4.75 c; Dry
Granulated. 4.65 c: Confectioners' A. 4.65 c: Fruit
[ Granulated. 4.65 c; Beet Granlated (100-lb bags
| only>, 4.45 c; Magnolia A, 4.25 c; Extra C, 4.15 c;
} Golden C, 4.05 c; D, 3.95 c; barrels. 10c more:
I half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
I bags, 10c more. Ko orders taken for less than
! 75 barrels cr its equivalent. Dominos. half
| barrels, 5.15 c; boxes, 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FORTY-EIGHT HOURS.
Flour qr sks 40,381 Pelts, bdls 338
Wheat, ctls 19.7TS Chicory, bbls 70
Rarley, ctls B,73o, Straw, tons 26
Oats, ctls 1,170 Hay, tons 1,102
Corn, ctls 110 Hops, bales 3f>7
Tallow, ctls 257 Mustard, sks 517
Puear. ctls 330 'Wool. bale 3 431
Leather, rolls 179 Onions, sks 1,34f>
Quicksilver, flsks 179. Bran sks 210
Raisins, bxs 7.093 Middlings, sks... 595
Wine, gals 53.050] Potatoes, sks 9,192
Brandy, gals 3,000 Beans sks 17,895
Hides. No OlSlLlme, bbls 364
OREGON.
Bran, sks 6551
STOCK MARKET.
Contra Costa Water was the active stock on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
selling from $78 down to $77. Market Street
Railroad was lower at $S9 25. The other stocks
were unchanged. There was nothing new in
the oil stocks.
The only changes in the afternoon were an
advance in Spring Valley Water to $S8 and a
decline in Giant Powder to $85. Business con
tinued quiet.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 6—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. , Bia.Ask.
4s quar coup.. — — 4s qr c (new). l39 139\
4s quar reg... — — 3s quar coup.. loß —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CP C 05.107 — 1 Oceanic SS 55. 103% —
Cal-st 5s 117% — lOmnibus C 63.129% —
C C Water 55.111%112%i Pae G Imp 4s. — 98%
Ed I. & P 6s. — — Pk & C H 6s. - 113%
Fer &Cl H 6s. — 122 Pk & O R 6s. 121 —
Geary-st 5s — 100 Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%5. — — jSac EG R ss. 94%100
Do 5s 99% — SF & SJV 55. 123% —
Los Ang R tm.wnk — 'Sierra Cal 65.. - -
L A Light 6s. 101% — is P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 65. .100 — , (1909) 113 113%
Do gntd 55. .102 103 I U910) 114% —
L A ft P 55... — — S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m ss. 101 103 (19C5), Ser A. 107% —
Mlct-st Cab 6s. 127 5 i128%! (1905), Ser 8.108% —
Do lem ss. 122% — (1906) ON —
N R of Cal fis. — 113 (1912) 119% —
Do 5s 121%122% S P of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C ss. — 105% c gntd 5s 109 —
Nor Cal R 55..112' 3 — ,SPBr Cal 6s. 134% —
Oak Gas 55... 111% - S V Water 65.111%112
Oak Tran 65. .123% — Do 4s 103 103*4
Do Ist c 55.. 112 112% Do 4s. 3d m.,102%103%
Oak Wat g 55.104 — Stktn Gas 65. .102% — "
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77% — 'Port Costa 63% 66
Marin County- 58 — 1 Spring Valley. S8 SS'i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — 4 [Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3% 4 I Sacramento ... 25 —
Mutual 4 5%! SF G & E.... 44% 44%
Oakland — 52 Snn Francisco. 4% —
Pac Gas Imp. 40 42 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 24o — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 78 79 LP A A 160 170
California ....407 410 Mer Ex (llq).. 18 31V4
Cal Safe Dep.109% — S F National. l3o —
First Nationl..3ls —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — f Say & Loan... — 90
Humboldt .... — — Security 5av... 285 350
Mutual Say 63 — I Union Trust. .lSoo
S F Say U 525 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California. 133% — OS L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 32 —
Market 89 89%
POWDER.
Giant aBS 86 / Vlgorit 4,4 -
SUGAR.
Hana 4% 6 Kilauea 11% —
Hawaiian — 47% Makawell 28% 28\
Honokaa 13% — Onomea 24% 25
Hutchinson ... IS 16% Paauhau 13% 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l4S 150 Oceanic S Co. 44% a
Cal Fruit Asn. 97%100 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. — 90 Pac C Borajc.lßs —
Mer Exchange. llo — Par Paint 18 _
Morning Session.
Board—
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 107 00
10 Contra Costa 'Water 78 00
5 Contra Costa Water 77 50
165 Contra Costa Water 77 qq
23 Contra Costa Water, b 10 77 00
30 Market Street Railway 59 25
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 10J 75
$1000 S P Cal Ist con 5s 109 50
$2ioo U S 4s (coup) 112 1214
Street— *
$50C0 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 103 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 77 25
105 Contra Costa Water 77 50
100 Giant Powder 5500
IS Market Street Railway gg -.-
M Market Street Railway . ttM
20 Market Street Railway 89 l">Vi
5 S F Gas & IClectric Co 44 75
20 Spring Valley Water ' sjj 00
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 103 w)
Street—
$12,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s qq
PRODUCER'S Oil. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Aztec x jo
150 Aztec " , i oq
10 Caribou " gr
200 Caribou „ " 73
1 Hanfonl .-. !!..!105 00
100 Junction : 27
GOO Junction .-... " jo
GCO Lion /. ".I n
2JOO Lion ...' 12
70 ' Peerless '. .". jo
500 Reed Crude _ 33
300 Twenty-Eight 1 go
;¦._>:¦¦ Afternoon Session.
Board —
¦-". 1 Hunford ..'.:......» -...103 00
4 Hanford ..„.. ....'..... 102 00
1500 Urn '. ]»
1600 LJaa .'.'... ~....-.U. '.. 11
200 Petroleum Outer 07
MINING 3TOCK9.
Following were the sales In the San Fran- w
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: V A
Morning Session. \,/
200 Crown Point.. 05 800 Sierra Nevada 13
400 Hale & Nor... 19 500 Stiver Hill 28
100 Savage 03 1
- -. ¦ Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 02 100 Con Cal & Va 1 70
200 Best & Belcher 14 50 Hale & Nor... 17
500 Challenge 10 100 Mexican 20
100 Challenge -" 700 Yellow Jacket 15
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher It; 200 Mexican ...... »
2PO Caledonia 271 100 Ophir TS
100 Con C & V...1 67>i| 100 Ophir 77
1200 Gould & Curry 111 300 Savage 09
100 Hale & Nor... 10 200 Sierra Nevada 13
Afternoon Session.
30 Belcher ...J../ M 200 Hale & Nor... 19
600 Best & Belcher 14 150 Ophir 79
500 Challenge Con 1J iOO Sierra Nevada It
200 Con Cal & V 1 1 70 ;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. t Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Justice 01 03
Alta 01 02 Kenturk — 02
Andes 04 0« Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 03 09 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 13 14 Occidental 04 OS
Bullion 01 04Ophir T> *>
Caledonia 27 2$ Overman <V> Oh
Challenge Con. 19 20,Potosi 07 OS
Chollar .... OS 07 Savage OS 0!>
Confidence 76 7" Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 63 170 tie? Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 11 13
Con New York. 01 — ! Silver Hill -"' 30. j
Crown Point .. 04 M St. Louis n * —JP
Eureka Con ... 14 —Standard 39J4 1^
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 12 15 Union Con 13 13
Hale & Nor... 18 » Utah 01 03
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 14 15
Contra Costa Water Co has declared dividend
No. 194 of 42 cents per share.
CALL CALENDAR.
ovem
«r.
.9
I.
S. M. T. i XV. T. F. |ft Moon's Phases.
j 1 I 2 fa November I.
' a Last Quarter.
_L _L _L _!- — — — (Cv November 10.
10 11 12 13 14 13 M *& New Moon.
1 ~ — ~ -«k November 19. :
JL HL ——; — ' — L^- -* First Quarter-24Q uarter -
24 25 126 27 '2S: 29 30 fiSt November 25.
' ! ! W Full Mnr.n .
.9
«r.
ovem
I.
S. M. T. i XV. T. F. |ft Moon's Phases.
j 1 I 2 fa November I.
' a Last Quarter.
_L _L _L _!- — — — (Cv November 10.
10 11 12 13 14 13 M *& New Moon.
1 ~ — ~ -«k November 19. :
JL HL ——; — ' — L^- -* First Quarter-24Q uarter -
24 25 126 27 '2S: 29 30 fiSt November 25.
' ! ! W Full Mnr.n .
OCEAX TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' V Steamers leave Broadway
tfc^v Wharf, San Francisco: . '
SilJjJSfcC For Alaskan ports— ll a. m..
MP%|__- Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27, Dec. i.
K*TmSvC^ Change to company's steamers
i Sje^»9ia VVcl at Seattle. -
I KSX"<ZL2Sii For Victoria, Vancouver (R.
IW>: rayCTPjU I C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
¦ I ¦ Tacoma, Everett and New
•.W> 4 " \v ha teem (Wash.)— ll a. m.^.^
Nnv * 7 i* 17 22. 27. Dec. 2. Change at ¦
SeTule-fof this compar. } steamers , for Alaska '
and G. N. Ry.: at Sea.-le or Tacoma for N.
%c7EuVeMKold° C Bay P >-? y3Oy 30 P. m.. Nov.
3 >V 3 San- Die^. S?ppliw only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo Of* An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays 9 a. m
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz • Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura Hueneme. East San Pedro, ban Pedro
and Newport-Steamer Corona, Saturdays.
9 For^Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— lo a. m.. .th each month.
For further Information obtain the company a
folders. .
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
•without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
Only Staamahip Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to aM
points East. Through ticket* to alt
.points, all rail op steamship and rail, at '
XiOWEST HATES.
BTSAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MSAL3. '
S COLUMBIA Sails.. Nov. 14. 24, Dec. 4. 14. 2$ <¦*
S. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Nov. 9. 19. 29. Dec. 9 -
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m. .
, D. W.HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Montgmy. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m. '
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
I connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
i India, etc. No cargo received on board 00
day of saillnar.
S HONGKONG MARU
' Saturday. November 18. 1301
S. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 1301
S. AMERICA MARU
....Saturday. January 4, 190»
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's oflJce,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ajcent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Of TOM. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. VM33X
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia Nov. VJ] Philadelphia ....Dec 4
St. Paul Nov. a ! St. Paul Dec. 11
Haverford Nov. fl St. Louis Dec. IS
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp. /- ; .
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Southwark Nov. 13 'Zeeland Dec. 4
•Vaderland Nov. 2C Friesland Dec 11
Haverford Nov. 27 Southwark Dec. IS
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound. -~i
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. " U.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st. '
oceanic «¦-«
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Nov. 14, 10 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday. Nov. 23, 2 p. m.
8. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Nov. 29, 10 a. in.
J. 0. SPHECXELS & UK. CO., Sansra. Agents, 327 Hsrtsi St
tan Passsngar Mb, 843 Market St.. Pier Id. 7. P3de Jt
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
PERU Nov. 14! COLOMBIA ...Dec. 7
PALEN A Nov. 231 TUCAPEL Dec. 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA 0 R. siEAMsai?
rANAMA n. If. line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. *40: Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday. Dec. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails
S. 6. Argyll sails U
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10.) at 2 p. n*W(
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
I , — — — , .
COMFASNI3 6EKIBALS TRAN3ATLASTIQtI3
. UIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ¦
tailing every Thursday instead of iCffiSj*
fcaturday. at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. ¦*"»^»«b»
North River, fool of Morton street. •
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. »4o and upward. GENERAL,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway Hudson building>. New
York J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tick"" »nl,l by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
forlTs. navy yard and vallejj
Steamers GEN. FRISBI3 or MONTICELU
9-43 a. m. . 3:15 an.l 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. I a m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents Telephone Main IMS. Landing anil
office' pier 2. Misuioti-st. dock. , HATCH
BROS.
-. • •
The Weekly Call*
ONE DOLLAR PER YEARLIBERALS TAKE
PANAMA CITY
Governor of the Depart
ment Thought to Be
Prisoner.
News of Decisive Battle Comes
From South American
City.
£i>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. From a source of
information on the situation in Colombia
which this far has furnished no news not
subsequently verified by wire, the Herald
received to-night a copy of a cablegram
tsaying that the city of Panama has fall
•» and is In complete possession of the
J^ral i arty.
jt is btlieved by the New York repre
er.tative of the Liberals that General
Alban. Governor of the Panama Depart
ment, is i prisoner unless he has escaped
by &ea. To A. P. Kcheveria. who is an
active member of the revolutionary pariv
in the United States, this cable message
came at 9:30 lock this evening:
"Government has surrendered everv
ihirsc. Publish." ¦
The dispatch is signed by Saul Cortissoz
chief of staff, who was the military chief
in command of the troops of the Liberal
pany who were assembling in Chame
several miles north of Panama.
At the headquarters of the Liberal par
ly in this city all were jubilant at the
Ben ot me fall of Panama. Dr. Restre
}>o, who is iho head of the junta here,
eaid to-night:
•We have sent cablegrams to the repre
sentatives of the Liberal party in Eng
land, France, Germany, Spain and Switz
erland of the victory or the capitulation,
for as yet vre know do details. We have
:;lso sent word to the South American rc
rublics and to the island of Caracas. The
downfall .of Manama means that there
the fight is a great fiesta, for 500 Liberal
prisoners, who have been kept in dun
geons under the order of General Alban.
have been released. Our next move will
be to garrison the city of Panama with
about 500 men and move the remainder ol
our troops, probably at least 3000. on to
Barranquila and Carthagena and besleere
Those cites. and to Buenaventura, on the
Pacific Coast, v.-hich city should be in a
state of :?Sege at the present time.'"
aj^.'":»?"!..r..T»7..r-:..:.. > ..r..r..'..!..:..'..'..'..v?.'. a
CONSIDINE FIRST
TO BEGIN FIGHT
Claim of Prosecution in
Seattle Murder
Trial.
SEATTLE. Nov. The State this
morning put on it? first witness in the
trial of the case of the State versus John
Ccnsldine, charged with the murder of
"William L. Meredith, late Chief of Police
Of the fity of Seattle.
When the court opened. Prosecuting At
torney Fulton told what the State ex
pected to prove. According to Mr. Ful
ton, the State has witnesses who will
inve testimony showing that Thomas Con
fidine had a revolver with him while in
<ivy's drug store prior to the time when
>.c wrenched from Meredith's hands the
/revolver that he (Meredith) had drawn.
This is to be a connecting link in the
State's sixth-shot theory. An effort un
doubtedly will be made to show that the
first of the six shots, which the State
claims were fired, was fired by Thomas
Considine a minute and a half or two
minutes before Meredith tired his first
charge from the shotgun, and that It was
this shot that led Meredith to attack
John Oonsidine.
Grievance of Insurance Agents.
KTON. Nov. 6.— Thirty insurance
met to-night to present complaints
to l£ar. a«er Dv Val, of the Underwriters"'
¦ arg-ing a local agency with cut
atea and also objecting to business
rations holding agencies to
to Themselves. Mr. Dv
Val pointed out that the wrongs corn
should be handled locally and
was appointed to collect cvi-
A demand will be made on local
¦ they discontinue agencies in
¦' es. which are held to make
for bank officials. The Insurance
•rganize a local board to deal
omplained of.
"Buffalo" Jones.
6ALJNA. Kan.. Nov. 6.— H. L. Jones,
7 died here to-day. Mr. Jones wae
f the earliest settlers of Kansas and
he battles with border ruffians
ns. He was the original "Buf
*." He obtained the title while
(;ntry in one of the early
ires, lie was said at that time to
'nore territory, less people and
- : ;ioes than any other member.
Mrs. Geore Henschel.
: N Nov. 7— Mrs. Georg Hen
-.r.ger, died Monday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heart
Pains
are Nature's warning notes of
approaching danger from a dis-
* cased heart. If you would
avoid debilitating diseases, or
even sudden death from this
hidden trouble pay heed to the
*arly warnings. Strengthen the
fteart's muscles, quiet its nerv-
ous irritation and regulate its
aclion with that greatest of all
hear: remedies, , Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure. 4%
" Darting pains ' through my
heart* left side and arm would
be followed by smothering, heart
spasms and fainting. Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure has entirely relieved
me of those troubles. "
John VanDenbuegh,
2ft Kewaanee St, Milwaukee, Wis.
Dr, Miles'
Hea*t Ctif e
controls the heart a&ion, accel-
erates the circulation and builds
\jLp the entire system. Sold by
druggists on a guarantee.
Dr. :&ttes Medical Co., ElMiart, Ind.
UNITY CIRCLE SECURES BEST
OF TALENT FOR ITS CONCERT
Miss Ella Graves, Miss Anne Louise Daniells
and Richard Jose Ferrer Are to Appear at
Entertainment in Alameda Auditorium
A LAMBDA, Nov. 6.— Unity Circle,
composed of lady members of the
Unitarian church congregation,
will give a noteworthy concert to
morrow evening in the auditorium
of its house of worship on Grand street.
All of those who are to participate in the
programme are talented and prominent
in their various accomplishments.
Miss Ella Graves, a young pianist and
DESERT SILENCE
UNSEATS REASON
Santa Fe Employe Suc
cumbs to Effects of
Loneliness-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 6.— Nine
years of loneliness has proved too much
for John Ferris' mind, and he was
brought in from the desert to-day by
Constable Le Strange in an insane con
dition. Ferris has been attending the
lonely pumping station at Ludlow, on the
Santa Fe Railroad, ninety miles east of
Barstow. For nine years about the only
Figns of civilization that Ferris has seen
have been in the fleeting glimpse of fly
ing passengers as they whirled past the
little pumping station.
A week ago invisible people began to
talk to Ferris and threatened to do him
harm. He is now In the County Hospital,
awaiting examination by a lunacy com
mission.
TROOPS WATCH
FOR UPRISING
Great Precautions Being
Taken on Island of
Leyte.
MANILA. Nov. 6.— The recent develop
ment? in the island of Samar have caused
the military authorities to take extraor
dinary precautions in the island of Leyte.
Provincial Governor Grant objects to
these on the ground that, by reducing the
authority of the civil Governor, they set
a bad example to the people.
In a communication to Vice Governor
Wright Grant says that although three
presidentes have been arrested in Leyte
for treasonable correspondence with the
insurgents these people have not repre
sented the islanders generally, who ap
preciate the blessings of civil government.
In the main, according to Grant, the na
tives of Leyte arc quiet and subdued.
They fear, moreover, that they may be
mistaken for the natives of Samar. They
have been powerless to refuse the de
mands made upon them by Lukban for
food and assistance, owing to the refusal
of General Smith to allow them arms for
telf-protection.
Razor-Wielder Held for Trial.
OAKLAND. Nov. 6._ George Kelly, ac
cused with Tim Traynor of cutting R. A.
Little's throat with a razor, has been held
for trial in $3000 ball. Police Judge Smith
heard the preliminary examination to-day.
Traynor Is now awaiting trial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
PIANIST WHO IS RAPIDLY PLAYING
HER WAY TO CONSPICUOUS POSI
TION IN MUSICAL WORLD.
accompanist of this city, who Is rapidly
playing her way to a conspicuous position
in the musical world, will be heard. She
ie a popular local favorite, and her in
strumental renditions are always received
with pleasure by her audiences. Miss
Graves is a sister of Librarian Frank B.
Graves and of Miss Hannah Graves of the
postofflce staff.
Miss Anne Louise Danlells has been se
lected as vocal soloist of the concert. Her
contribution to the programme will be a
recital of ten songs. In only one of those
has she been heard here before. Miss
Daniells is to give a Samson aria, songs
from "In a Persian Garden" and also Iwo
German songs. She will be accompanied
by Miss Graves.
Richard Jose Ferrer, violinist, will ren
der two numbers. He will be accompanied
by Mr. Rea Hanna. The concert begins at
8:30 o'clock. Anticipating a large attend
ance, the Unity Circle management has
arranged to have the seating capacity of
the church Increased 300 seats. No por
tion of the auditorium will be reserved.
Unity Circle is officered at present by
Mrs. Adam Heberer, president; Mrs.
Edward Rue. secretary, and Mrs. William
Baurhyte, treasurer.
LADIES RECEIVED
BY HIGH MASONS
Brilliant Affair by San
Francisco Chapter
Royal Arch.
Golden Gate Hall was a scene of beauty
last evening, it being most elaborately
decorated for the "Our Ladies" reception
given by San Francisco Chapter No. 1.
Royal Arch Masons. Gold, red, white and
purple streamers were gracefully draped
in soft folds, while above the folds w'^re
bunches of evergreens and American
flags. On the stage there was a profu
sion of palms and Australian ferns.
The ladies responded to the invitations
extended and all of them were elegantly
and richly gowned, and when seated by
the side of those who escorted them they
presented a scene remindful of a ilrs't
night of opera.
After a brilliant overture there was a
pleasant greeting to the ladies by Mof-t
Kmlnent High Priest C. W. Taber. This
was followed by a selection from "Rigo
letto" by Miss Hazel Prince, which was
loudly applauded, and on recall the lady
pave another selection and was rewarood
with a bunch of the choicest flowers.
Mrs. R. L. Hathorn sang sweetly a ballad
and also had to respond to a demand for
an encore. Companion Samuel Adelsteln
played in an exquisite manner a selection
from "II Trovatore" on the mandolin,
after which there was an orchestral ac
companiment to a xylophone perform
ance by S. Samuels. Companion James
E. Gordon sang an original song dedicated
to Masonry.
The programme was brought to a clone
by a lute solo by Companion Samuel
Adelstein and a waltz song by a male
quartet.
The ball that followed was opened by a
grand march in which there were 150
couples, the leaders being M. E. High
Priest C. W. Taber and Mrs. Taber. Com
panion Brainard N. Rowley was floor
manager, Companion Thomas L. Hender
son assistant and Companions Thomas H.
Browne Arthur Meyer, Frank C. Pague
H. M. Furraan and Fred L. Wright, aids.
The other committees were:
Arrangements— Companions James E. Gordon
E. A. Buchse, B. K. Rowley, C. C. McDougaii
and Gus Gunzendorfer.
Reception— Charles W. Taber, H. P., chair
man; Martin .1. Burke, P. H. P.; Isaac P.
Kincaid, P. H. P. ; James W. Anderson P
H. P.: Milton S. Eisner. P. H. P.; Wlliiam
H. Davis. P. H. P.: L. M. Hoefler, P. H P
Gustave H. T'mbsen. 11. P.; Milton H Myrlck
P. G. H. P.; Charles A. Warren, P. H. P.;
Mubray R. Dundas. P. H. P.; William H
Edwards, P. H. P. ; Wlliam E. Price, PHP-
James F. I>ogan, P. H. P.; James M. Troutt'
P. H. H. P.; Benjamin Harris, Colin M. Boyd
Henry L. Davis, Henry J. Burns, Harry w'
Goodall, Martin Jones. Lucius L. Solomon'
Frank W. Marvin, Albert W. Scott, I j!
Ascheim, Frank Kerrigan, Joseph O'Connor"
G. M. Perine, Henry G. Prince, Alexander K.
Coney, Zenas U. Dodge, John P. Fraser Wil
liam B. Hooper, Harvey D. Ixweland, John D
Spreckels. Russell J. Wilson. Herman W New
bauer, H. .1. Raisrh. Lippman Sachs W H
Pnedaker. F. W. Van Sicklen and Charles B*
York.
PETITION IN IXSOLVENCY.-M*ry Fran
ces Zicovich, a resident of San Jose, filed a
petition in insolvency yesterday In the United
Htates District Court. Her liabilities are $17,
375 and she has no assets. The bulk of the lla
hiliiies are mortgages upon the Redmond
ranch, rear Novato^ and promissory notes.
CHOKER REFUSES
TO GIVE UP JOB
Denies the Report That
He Will Retire as
Tammany Chief.
Declares That the Tiger Haa
Merely Met a Reverse,'
Not Defeat.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— "You can say for
me that Richard Croker never retired un
! der fire. I have no intention of quitting
i my present position in Tammany Hail.
i All stories to the contrary are without
foundation and are inspired by malice."
In this manner Richard Croker refute*
the rumor given currency by a newi
i bureau to-day to the effect that he woul4
turn over the Tammany leadership w
John F. Carroll
When asked by a representative of The
I Call to confirm or deny the report that he
"would retire. Croker said:
"I am, as you see, right here and I am
here to stay, at least until those whom I
represent express a desire for me to make
way for another. I have no intention of
quitting Tammany Hall. All stories to
the contrary are without foundation and
inspired by malice. This story is all im
agination. I know who is responsbile for
it. He has tried to curry favor with me
and he thought to create a sensation at
my expense. It is a he and the future
will demonstrate it to be such.
"Anybody who thinks that Tammany 13
beaten la miEtaken. It was not a defeat.
It was a reverse, but the organization is
possessed of as much power as it ever
Had and in spite of the majority that was
returned against us yesterday the people
have confidence in Tammany, and the
j men who have given the city good govern
ment for the last four years will db vin
dicated and will be returned to power."
John McCullough, Superintendent of
Stale Election, asserted to-day that in
spite of all the precautions taken to pre
vent violations of the election laws and
j all the work done by the bureau, he be
lieved that at least 10,000 illegal votes had
been cast in this city on Tuesday.
Republican Gains Increase.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. 6.-Sixty-tw»
counties have Republican pluralities ag
gregating y0,840. Twenty-six counties have
Democratic pluralities aggregating 23,179,
making the plurality of Nasn over Kil
bourne for Governor 67,661 and approxi
mating 80,000 plurality for other candi
dates on the Republican State ticket. The
total vote will not exceed 900,000. The Re
publicans elected sixty-eight Representa
tives and the Democrats forty-two. The
State Senate stands twenty-one Repub
licans and twelve Democrats. The Re
publican majority on joint ballot for
United States Senator is thirty-five. The
official count will not change this figure
on the complexion of the Legislature.
LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. 6.— Complete and
nearly complete returns from over a third
of the counties in Nebraska serve to in
crease the pluralities for the Republican
State ticket. U the ratio of gain is main
tained, Sedgwick (R.) for Supreme Judge
will have a plurality of 12,000. Chairman
Lindsay, of the Republican State Commit
tee, says it will not be less than 7000 and
this is conservative. Chairman de France
of the fusion committee- concedes the
election of Sedgwick by 3000 to 5000.
BOSTON, Nov. 6.— Revised and correct
ed returns from the entire State of Mas
sachusetts show that Governor Crane has
a plurality of ''0,116. Revised returns from
the Legislature show that the political
complexion will be as follows: Senate —
3 Republicans, 7 Democrats; House — 165
Republicans, 73 Democrats, 2 Social Dem
ocrats.
Gorman's Chances Brighter.
BALTIMORE. Nov. 6.— Returns received
In this city up to midnight and including
every county in the State, partly official
and partly estimated, indicate a result in
the legislative contest which is almost
without parallel in Maryland. The most
careful estimates and calculations give
the Democrats forty-six delegates and
Beven newly elected Senators, which, com
bined with the ten who hold over in the
Senate, assure the friends of Gorman a
total of sixty-three on Joint ballot. The
Republicans, it appears, have elected for
ty-nine delegates and six Senators, which,
added to their three hold-over Senators,
gives them a total of fifty-eight on Joint
ballot. These figures Indicate that the
Republicans will be able to organize the
House of Delegates.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov.
compltte returns from the State give
Harris (R.) for State Treasurer 52,360 plu
rality and Potter (R.) for Supreme Court
Judge 47,939 plurality. The indications are
that the amendments were carried by a
big majority, although the aggregate vote
on these foil far below that cast for the
State candidates. The total vote cast last
year was 1,173,210. Two years ago the to
tal was 790,501.
PROVIDENCE. R. 1.. Nov. 6.-Complete
returns from the 139 districts in the State
give Gregory (R.) for Governor 26,242:
Gaivin (D.), 39,853. Gregory's plurality,
6359, as against 8559 last year. In th-
Senate the Republicans have elected 31
members and the Democrats seven, and
in the House the proportion la 51 Republi
cans to fc-r Democrats.
DES MOINES, lowa, Nov. 6.— To-day's
returns from the County Auditors of
lowa indicate that the ultimate official
vote will give A. B. Cummins, the Re
publican Governor-elect, something like
90,000 plurality. The returns on the Legis
lature indicate that the Republicans have
increased their already large majority by
eight or ten. Cummins broke the record
in Dcs Moines County, carrying the
county by a plurality of fourteen. It is
usually strongly Democratic. The Pro
hibition vote of the State is about 17,748,
a net gain of 4600.
LOriSVILLE, Ky., Nov. 7.— Returns
up to 12:30 o'clock indicate that the Gen
iral Assembly in Kentucky, which will
elect a United States Senator, will stand:
Senate— Democrats 25, Republicans 13;
House— Democrats 73, Republicans 26, In
dependent Democrat 1.
RICHMOND. Va., Nov. 6.— Official and
unofficial returns of yesterday's elec
tion do not change the figures already
given except to increase the Democratic
majority on the State ticket. It will
probably run to 30,000.
BADEN POWELL
GIVEN A SWORD
Honor Is Bestowed Upon
the Defender of
Mafeking.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— Presiding this after-,
noon at the presentation of a sword of
honor, sent from Australia to Major Gen
eral Baden Powell, the defender of Ma
feking. Joseph Chamberlain, the Colonial
Secretary, said that notwithstanding that
the struggle in South Africa is approach
ing its termination neither the country
nor the Government had any right or
wish to make any settlement which would
render futile the sacrifices which had
been made.
The War Office. It is understood, will
accept Canada's offer of a strong cavalry
contingent for service in South Africa.
Campaign for Bonds.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 6.— School Directors
Otis and Keys are in favor of having the
Board of Education conduct a campaign
through means of circulars and the press
for the carrying of the election for school
bonds. Director Stone Is opposed to the
plan, as he claims the Board of Education
has no legal right to expend any of its
funds In that way. The matter will bo
referred to .the City Attorney for an
opinion.
SPENDS FIVE AND FIFTY YEARS
IN THE EMPLOY OF RAILROADS
Aged John Murray, Feeling the Approach of
Death, Writes an Interesting Sketch of
His Varied Experience Upon the Rail
JOHN MURRAY, A PIONEER ENGINEER EMPLOYED BY THE SOUTH
ERN PACIFIC COMPANY, WHO DIED TUESDAY NIGHT FROM
HEART DISEASE AT HIS HOME AT ALAMEDA POINT.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Years before
steam railroads had begun to use
iron rails, John Murray, a pioneer
employe of the Southern Pacific
Company, who died last night
from heart disease, at his Alameda Point
home, was a railroad man. For fifty-five
year, in one capacity or another, the aged
engineer had been connected with rail
roading. He started when the traces
were of wooden stringers, strapped to the
ties by iron bands, and lived to witness a
mechanical and engineering triumph which
Is among the greatest of modern marvels
—the development of the steam railway
CARTER GAINS
A REHEARING
Convicted Army Officer
Has a Chance for
Freedom.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6.— Oberlin M. Carter,
now a convict in the Government prison
at Fort Leavenworth, Kan., and formerly
a captain in the United States Engineer
Corps, is to have a rehearing of his case
in a civil tribunal. He now has the as
surance of the Government authorities
that all the. evidence la to be reviewed
again before Judge Kohlsaat in the
United States Circuit Court in this city,
the hearing to take place probably in a
few months. Carter will be called as a
witness in his own behalf, and for the
purpose of testifying in court he will be
released temporarily from his place of
confinement.
This is the result of the suits brought
by the Government some months ago in
several Federal courts for the purpose of
recovering the proceeds of $722,827 which
It was proved at the courtmartial that
Carter had embezzled from the United
States. His uncle, Lorenzo D. Carter, and
his brother, 1. Stanton Carter, were said
to have reinvested this money and se
creted It for the purpose of having a for
tune ready for the former army officer
upon his release from the military prison.
Difficulties were encountered by the
representatives of the Government in get
ting trace of the securities which were
said to represent this amount, and at last
they signed an agreement with Carter's
legal representative, Horace G. Stone, by
which a rehearing of all the charges
brought against the former captain of en
gineers was made possible.
This agreement was filed In the United
States Court to-day, signed by Marion
Erwin, Special Assistant Attorney Gen
eral for the United States, and Attorney
Stone for Carter, his brother and hl«
uncle. The principle provision made In
this stipulation Is that the issues in all
the similar suits now pending in the Fed
eral Courts of New York, New Jersey,
Georgia, West Virginia and the Southern
District of Illinois shall be united with
the case in the Federal Court in Chicago.
The examination of witnesses is to be held
here. The ownership of the bonds and
other securities of Carter, which the Gov
renment claims as its property, will be
determined by the court.
Mrs. James Peaks.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.-Mrs. James
Peak* who had been connected with the
operatic stage for forty years, died here
to-day, aged 50 years.
system of the new century.
Although his death was not expected,
Murray realized that he had not long to
live. He had reached hiß seventy-fifth
year. Less than a month ago he told
some friends that his time must soon
come, and realizing that he had passed an
eventful life as a railroad man, he pre
pared some notes for his biography.
The interesting narrative runs back to
1846, when Murray began as an engine
wiper on the Michigan Central Railroad.
A year later he became a fireman. Then
he went to the Michigan Southern, the
first railroad to enter Chicago. The total
railroad mileage of the State of Illinois
then consisted of ten miles of wooden and
scrap-iron tracks.
The advent of the Iron track began
about that time, and young Murray fol
lowed his fortunes in Ohio and Wisconsin
as engineer. As the new development of
the West increased he worked toward the
setting sun, operating at Fort Wayne, in
Kansas, on the pld Southern route through
Texas, and at last in California, following
the Southern Pacific track building. As
years rolled on the company found posi
tions off the road for the aging railroad
man. He was a collector at Alameda pier
for several years, then had charge of the
pumping station at Alameda Point. Later
he was given a flagman's position, which
he held until his death.
During his long career at railroading
Murray was fortunate in meeting with
only one accident. That occurred many
years ago on the old Fort Wayne and
Chicago railroad when he was a fireman
The engine was derailed and tumbled over
an embankment. The engineer sustained
a fractured leg. Murray was unhurt.
Murray was bom in Ireland, emigrating
to the United States when he was a child"
He leaves a family. The funeral will be
held to-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock
from St. Joseoh's Church in Alameda.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Joseph M. Ollveria
27, Sacramento, and Mary Rodrigues, 18[
Oakland: Patrick Thomas Cavanaugh, 'm\
San Francisco, and May E. Dwyer, 2o|
Oakland; George E. Matheis. 23, and Cath
erine Annie O'Keefe. 23. both of Oakland.
A doctor should not take his own medi
cine, and a saloon keeper should not drink
his own drinks.
: ¦^___ • ADVERTISEMENTS. "
fiy^epgp--^^'-' - About the first thing the doctor
• '£Z~^x—Jy— jjfitilflzijlE sa y s — How are your bowels ?
§H®^^» Then, "Let's see your tongue."
•/Bm3PHS»wK?? Because bad tongue and bad
L<//J^vS^lJfS2Jrfyfl bowels go together. Regulate the
W " AM!// WPy W bowels ' clean up the tongue. We
¦m^^^^^M^t^v all know that this is the way to
I You can>t keep the bowels
*v^ jPv^™B^T| nealth y an( i regular with purges
' y ;^^^p^v^\^v^ • or bird-shot pills. They move you
'^^^^E^^feXv^lykv with awful gripes, then you're
1 M "'^ worse than. ever. jjjffli
' Now what you want is Cascarets.
Go and get them today— Cascarets— in me al box— cost ioc. Eat
them like candy, and they will work gently— while you sleep.
They cure, that means they strengthen the muscular walls of the
•bowels, give them new life. Then they act regularly and natur-
ally. That's what you want. Cure guaranteed. 3e sure you
get Cascarets. Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago' or New York, mm
CAPTURED AX
CHANGES HANDS
Students of University
Make Merry on the
Campus.
Paint Berkeley a Cardinal
Hue in Anticipation of
Big Victory.
BERKELEY. Nov. 6.— The students of
the University of California were given
their annual glimpse of the captured Stan
ford ax this afternoon and around that
historic blaue the largest football rally of
the season was held on the campus. Dark
ness closed ia before the last of the cere
monies were over, but the vast crowd
stayed on and the enthusiasm continued
to grow until as a final display of spirit
the rooters marched through town,
deafening the sober citizens with cheer
after cheer.
Football Captain L. A. "Womble, as cus
todian of the ax, handed it on to Harry
Hudson to be the keeper of the precious
metal for another year. Then the rooters
cheered them all— Womble. Hudson and
the ax — until the quiet hills took up the
kindling fervor and cheered to the campus*
below.
The rally began at the gymnasium steps,
progressed to the gridiron and then re
turned to the steps. Until nearly S o'clock
the crowd was excluded from the field
while the team went through secret signal
practice. Three thousand students and
rs waited for the gates of the high
board fence to open and while they stood
on the grounds without the rooters enter
tained them with songs and speeches. A.
Adler told how the ax was captured and
T. L. Hamlln encouraged support of the
men. The instant the gates were opened
there was a rush for the bleachers on the
part of all except the rooters. The field
was overrun and every seat taken in short
order. At the gymnasium the rooters
formed in column of fours.
Leßoy Smith, the yell leader, carryinr
the ax and accompanied by John Eshle
man, president of the student body and
followed by the band, led the procession
to the field. The rooters did the famous
"serpentine" march on the way. Four
men abreast locked arms and together
danced from one side to the other of the
straight line of march, the fours going in
all directions and giving the procession
the wriggling appearance of a serpent.
On the field the men formed In lockstep
and, 800 strong, they extended entirely
ground the neld. Then they formed
wound the side lines and watched the last
line up of the season and cheered
the players for the last time before the
big game Saturday.
At the gymnasium once more rooters
and men and women students gathered
around the north steps, covering the
campus half way back to the gridiron, to
listen to speeches and to witness the
transfer of the ax. Colonel George C.
Edwards, Phil Thayer, Professor Albin
Putzker and Dr. E. J. Wilcxynski spoke,
each causing hearty laughter and cheers
from the listeners and each in turn pre
dicting victory and honor for California
valor, but not without a hard struggle.
Womble and Hudson were gathered in out
of the darkness and the formal transfer
of the ax took place. Hudson pledged
himself to protect it during the year to
come as it has been by former custodians.
So the rally ended, the greatest of the
year. To-morrow night t K e men will hold
a smoker and rally In Harmon gymnas
ium. Several alumni and faculty speakers
will address the gathering. Yell Leader
Smith will t>e In charge of the smoker.
SECRET TALK
ON ARBITRATION
Pan-American Congress
Delegates Discuss
a Treaty.
CITY OF MEXICO. Nov. This morn
ing the Pan-American Congress decided
to go into secret session to hear the pro
ject of the arbitration treaty proposed by
the Mexican delegation. The votes against
the secret session were those of Paraguay
and. the Argentine Republic, Bolivia and
Peru, four against fifteen. The project is
decidedly favorable to Chile and corre
spondingly distasteful to Peru.
The Hague convention, in its article 18.
recognized arbitration as the most effica
cious and equitable means of settling all
questions arising from interpretation and
application of international conventions.
The Mexican project omits this declara
tion, and the omission is an evident tri
umph for Chile, inasmuch as the entire
difference between Chile and Peru hinges
precisely upon the interpretation of the
convention of Ancon.
The Mexican project states that all
questions not involving the independence
or honor of a country are fit subjects for
arbitration, but authorizes each nation
before signing for the . ratification of a
treaty to withhold concrete question from
the convention, even though they do not
affect its honor or Independence. This is
another point favorable to Chile, and th»
second point of difference from The Hague
convention.
After the proposed arbitration treaty
had been reviewed in secret session the
doors of the conference hall were again
thrown open to hear the proposal of the
Guatemala delegation for a convention
for the Pan-American court of claims.
The proposed convention provides that.
with the object of facilitating the adjust
| ment of controversies which the several
I Governments participating in the conven
! tion may have been unable to settle diplo
: matically, the high contracting parties
1 agree to submit to the court of claims all
pending and future questions between
j Governments of. any of the participating
I powers and citizens of any of the other
: powers, provided that the claimants in
, such cases shall not have served as ene
1 mies of the Government .against which
the claim is brought, or shall not have
1 voluntarily aided them.
It shall be obligatory to present such
' cases to the court for adjudication, but
! the claimant must first show that he has
exhausted all the legal resources in the
; tribunals of the country against which
: the claim Is preferred when the claim is
of a nature to be a proper subject for th»
! action of this tribunal. -\
112
SAN FHASCISCO CALL.
BUEINTCER OFFICE or The Ban Francisco '
CM. corner tit Market .in.l Third streets; open
ui-.tll 1; o'clock vvery night hi the year:
P.RAXCU OFf ICES— ;;: Montscmcry street
t-orner Clay; open v.ntil 9:30 a. m.
3C9 Hayes str««t; open until 8:30 p. m.
tZ3 McAllister street; open until S:3O p. m.
Flo T-aiUin «reet: open until T:"0 p. m.
VI :*i£sir.n street; open vi til 10 p. ~.
Ira ilarkt-t tticet. corner Sixteenth: open j
CtrtU St..S t.. m .V
lt< <:;.-v;riUi street; UP— ur.'J! 8 p. m.
ICSG Valencia /treot; <r?n unf.l 9 r- ¦•
ftxebuest corner Twcnty-ecccnd and Ken- 1
lucky .streets: open until 3 p. m. ¦ j .
SiCO Filitr.orc r'i-ret: open -.-mil 9 p. Tn. !
mg'iuc RoncHk =
7^^^ JL
S^SSS L V 'r%?3rV A*
£ £ °ljonxjt : _luLLMAK. Secretary.
rviT f^enviA TyJtre No. l. F. and A. «
M vi'l mecf 'I HIS .THURSDAY) J\^
KVrNJXG. Kcv. 7, at 7:30 o'clock. J^
Stated BMeAiaS. By order of the Mas- ~^
ter! FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lcdjrc No. 129, F. end A. M. m
-Special Tmeetmg THIS (THURSDAY) A- •
EVENING at 7 o'clock. Stated meet- IX •
ing at 7:SO. Third degree. Matter Ma- 'V* j
coos conJlsl'.v inv'.ie-l. By order of the v,. M. .
FREDERICK HARRY, Secretary. |
DORIC" Loa_M No. "2:6. F. and A. M.— • j
Stated meeting and third degree THIS i
(THURSDAY) EVENING at •: MI 7W\
o'clock. By order of the Master. /—r ' I
J. It GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. -J'"^ :
F-, will have Initiation THIS ¦3__2_SsScr
(THURSDAY) EVENING. Nov. i •
7. 1901. Visiting brothers cor- l~~"
.a.y .ny '"FRANK D MACBETH. N. G. i
CHAS. J. THELEN, Rec Sec. ¦ ; »
ANNUAL MEETING.— Notice is hereby given ,
that the eleventh annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the San FranciFco Home Mutual ; !
Loan Association will be held at the office ;
of the corporation. 518 Montgomery 6t., San j •
Francisco, or. WEDNESDAY, November 13, I
I*ol, at 3:30 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, pre- , .
entation of the eleventh annual report and j ;
the transaction of such other business as may !
come before the meeting. Books are now open >
for subscription to 1000 shares of stock of the |
twelfth series. By order of the Board of VI- j ¦
rectors. A. SBARBORO. Secretary. : .
AGENTS WANTED. ,
AGENTS wanted for "Life of President Theo- ! <
dore Roosevelt; thrilling Illustrated . bio- j
graphy of our youngest President; complete I
outfit mailed on receipts of S3c in stamps ; be ; •
first in the field. S. C. MILLER & CO., Port- I '
land. Oregon. « j
"LIFE of McKinley"; complete books now i I
ready; can fill orders for book written by i
Marshall Everett or Murat Hal stead; best cdl- ' ',
tions published; outfit free. S. C. MILLEH "
ft CO.. Portland, Or. J
AGENTS wanted— Best life of McKinley and j
Christmas books; 75 per cent discount; outfit i ,
free; freight paid; credit given: valuable pre- ] '
mium; our agents get $2000 in gold for
Christmas. HENRY NEIL. 323 Dearborn St.,
Chicago, 111. ! |
$5 TO $10 per day easily made selling our eel- i
ebrated perfection flavoring powders; no alco-
hol; no adulteration; pure, fresh and strong; ' ,
agents - wanted In every locality. LONG ,
BROS., manufacturers, 8985 Howe St.. Oak- |
land. CaL
"UNDER Both Flag*" ; thrilling stories of the
Civil War; superbly illustrated; a rapid sell-
er; liberal commissions; free territory. Ad-
dress Washington Publishing Co., Chamber of
Commerce building, Tacoma, Wash. j
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to cell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. *12, Parrott bldg. j
WANTED— Good, live agents to sell patent \
glass hones; something entirely new. H. A.
KAMPE. IS Mason st.
ASPHALTIM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt, roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free, divorces private; bankruptcy ; col- i
lections ; attachments bills of sale; j
partnerships ;deeds ; wills drawn ;fees low;open '
eve's. THURSTON. 100S«4 Mkt., r. 4. opp. 6th.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no -charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds etc. prepared; charge low; estb. 1
1< years. Atty G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st. ,
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth i
floor, 916 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited: advice free; able body of attorneys. j
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st. ; consultation free; no fees in advance. :
BICYCLES— Sale or Exchange.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up; |
send for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL.
»0» Larkin st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home lor two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of even' kind bought. Tel. Red 2856. j
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission st.
BURKAIJ . WJ^,
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard, i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SIOOO— BAKERY on Market et.: low rent; 6
rears' lease; 4 living rooms; baking 8 barrels
per day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500 ¦.
the last I months. Call R. G. WILKF., 26*4
Kearn}- at.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms; !
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; see and
make an offer. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A—SI6OO—CORNERA — $1600— CORNER grocery and bar, doing a
large cash business; splendid bar trade; rent
S2S; sickness of wife only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearay st.
BAKERY and restaurant; established
for jreare; doing a first-class paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26* Kearny et.
5350— DELICACY and pork store, with I
living rooms; rent $14; business established *
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call i
R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny st. j
$800— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain; \
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE.
837 Mlhslo- et.
RESTAURANT; don't miss this proposi-
tion; rare. D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
WBO-RESTAURANT; cost $1000; rent $30; sound
value. D. Mcßae Furniture Co., 837 Mission.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
wast a partner for a legitimate business? We {
can sell your business or secure a partner I
quickly and without publicity: money ad-
vanced. REICHENBACH, VIERECK & CO.,
Rooms I and 4. 1104 Market St.. cor. Mason.
DRUG store for sale; Spanish cedar fixtures,
shelf bottles, showcase, scales, clock and
chow bottles; cost over $8000: can be bought
cheap. Apply at DA VIE A BONNELL CO.,
til Broadway, Oakland.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain.
Call at BSS Market et., room 14.
GROCERY and bar; I living-rooms; bears full
investigation. Call at 93} Market St., room 14.
$78 CASH ¦srtl! buy a first-clats restaurant:
must be sola by the 6th of November. Mo-
_ BRIDE & CO.. 933 Market St.. rooms 1 and 2.
FOR SALE—A good saloon on Market st. ; on
account of death will be sold at a bargain; no
agents. McLEOD & HATJE. 615 Market st.
A FIRST-CLASS milk route, stock vehicles
etc., easily worth 110,000. but offered for $6000
K. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
$400— ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale-
good business of 20 years" standing. ApDiv
13*1 FoUom st. : easy terms.
Cigar stand*: 80 to eelect from; $100 to $1200. I
Ask C. L. HEDGES. 461 and 462 Parrott bldg. j
$200— PARTNER ; commission business; clears '
r?5 month to each. STRAND & C 0. ,203 Kearny.
A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
d?r: snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
1 HAVE buyers waiting; list your business with
me. I guarantee to sell 921 Mcrket »t.
•5000 ""ILL buy al! the- interest and half the
handsome furniture of an uptown private
boarding-house; best location; only suited to I
fine care. Sox 2033, CalL j
WANTED— Men. $3 per day by advancing $500 1
each, with <10 p«>r cent) interest on money I
with good security; long job. 28154 Mission I
Ft.; hours 7-10 a. m., 7-9 p. m. ; owner.
riNK b'.Tslners opportunity: a rare chance to !
purchase a pood-naying business; fine loca- i
tion; good reasons for 6e;!!r.£. Call 357 ;
Twelfth et., Oakl&nd. - '.~ ¦¦-¦
A— SCO; BRANCH bakery and notions; 3 llvlng-
r<*'ms; r/»nt £12 .*«; cood location. Call In
baler: 2£S Market Et., for particulars.
RESTAURANT for ale; $1000; cleared $1500
past y«ar; $roo cash; balance monthly. In-
quire of JOHN VAN ARSDALE, «8 Sixth st.
tA!U Fbop for sale, cheap; 3 chairs; paying
wc!l; pood i.-K-Rtlon. S.':3 Kearny et. .
Wr—WVERrFT i*: a v!u,ie.-_!e. retail and
HuuiufevturißS jjsinss*. Inquire at 247 Fifth. •
nrsivr.ss cha-vcrs — c«>_i»n3___|L__ j |
TWENTIETH Century Laundry shares are pop-
ular with the invest*-;; public; these shares
are appreciated becnucc they "ii^ve value be-
hind them; it is because or this fact that they
are net sold for a mere trifle, as are many
etocUs; returns will be quick, and In good
amount: no speculation here; call or write for j
full Information. Address
niE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Fiscal Agents,
S2S Montgomery st. .
?650 OH more Invested immediately will secure
an interest in new invention fully as valuable j
as the telegraph, telephone or electric light,
end will furnish immediate ana permanent
employment exhibiting Fame in office eight
hours daily at $2 50 per day cash, and also a |
commission of 10 per cent on all sales; money j
i:- needed to secure foreign patent! at once
and this Is an unysnllctcd opportunity; many
fortunes have been m_d_ nut of Inventions
not one-hundredth part as valuable as this, j
•which is without JouU the greatest scientific
discovery of the twentieth century; satisfy ;
yourself by thorough Investigation before in- i
vert a penny; invention will be on exhibi- :
tion from 9a. in. to C >>• la. '-"-I or write In-
veator, room S. lOTi'.i Market st.
A GOOD bos—ess and a home for any one i
willing to work; C sera of level land, cross !
fenced; good water: '-room house: chicken j
and pig pens; 2. 0 chickens, .65 pigs, cow and ,
calf, 2 horses and wagon, with swill route,
which furnii-hes cheap feed, with the great
secret of making chickens anil pigs a pay-
ing investment; all for $2400: only halt down
and $50 per month out of the business for 6
months, then $20 per month: just llk« paying
rent; only 6 per cent interest on deferred i
payments. Address A, C. BERGER. Gtlroy, j
Santa Clara Co.. Cal. ' . j
BANK SHARES.
Just a few more investor:- with $100 or more.
Bank Is the only one In a lively interior town.
now doing a business of over $3. 000. 000 annually.
A most profitable "and safe Investment.
Highest local bank references.
Full particulars obtainable by addressing
box 1649. Call office.
FOR Sale — Bargain; elegantly furnished pri-
vate family hotel; strictly first-class;' location
excellent; no .reasonable offer refused. Box
1533. Call office. '
MONEY made easy and quick by buying State
rights anil selling coumty rights on a splendid
celling article; a sure money-maker. Box
ISI6. Call office. i
A GOOD opportunity— Owing to other interests I
I will sell a first-class livery stable; Al trade; j
good location; full investigation to buyer.
Box 1147. Call office. I
GROCERY-rElegant stock and furnished rooms;
rent $15; sacrificed. Twenty-second and Cas-
tro Et!-. ' . v
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 629
HaU-ht st. j
FIRST-CLA-S saloon with grocery: on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 Folscm st.
RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale; 32
years same place; account sickness. 207 Third.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and suo-criptlono
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore »t.
LODGING-HOUSES FOII SALE.
SEE me before you buy a lodging-house or
business of any kind. I have a few snaps.
DECKER, 921 Market st. "
$250—6 ROOMS and bath in Western Addition.
Apply H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
8 rooms; on Mission $275
8 rooms; fine corner 825
24 rooms; the best 8000
12 rooms: large yard -. 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister st 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard S5O
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st..; 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient: only $400 cash 750
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
Its rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $80 ' 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 8500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
I rooms on Ellis; a bargain $325
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 500
3 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500
28 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments.... 400
9 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 6950
6 rooms; $125 cash, balance payments.... 330
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker.... ¦ 750 I
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN £31
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and 6 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328. '
See our list of bargains.
104 r., rent $475; sunny cor., clears $350. .
60 r., Al loc. fine country trade established.
40 r.. rent $150; Al loc; clear $400; eleg"t.J4(XiO
25 r., rent *110; fine family house 2500
15 r., rent $80; NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500 I
10 r.. rent $50; modern flat; reduced to.. 850
8 r., rent $35; water free; good home 300
7 r., rent $35; flat 250
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r.. $250 to $3000.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
850 Market st Tel. Davis 281
36 rooms; good income $2,600
17 rooms; good transient location 1,600
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1,400
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700
8 rooms; a bargain 650
15 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,500
21 rooms; well furn.; good income 2,600
18 rooms; good location; pays well 1,600
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market et., rms. 1. 2.
Tel. Black 1-8-0-3; office near Call bldg.
He has 4 salesmen. Business Is booming.
He has 3 ladies canvassing for lodging-houses.
Get his free list of 641 lodging-houses.
He has money to loan; payable monthly or
yearly. Itemized Inventory with every house.
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE.
Several good city and country hotels.
Houses, prices and terms to suit all buyers.
.; WINSTON & WOLF
.PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY ENTRANCE..
¦ 1026 Market Street
10 rooms; best of furniture; reduced $750
17 rooms; offices; rent $75; modern 1200
15 rooms; $500 cash, $10 monthly 950
18 rms.; nr. Orpheum; rent $75; part cash. 1203
20 rooms; rent $55; business street 950
41 rooms; rent $90; a money maker 2200
62 rooms; elevator; modern; part cash.. 6500
A— lo ROOMS; ElUs St.: rent $32 50; 0n1y. .5300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 725
12 rooms; Market Et. ; rent $40; good house. 550
Many more bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st
NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
FOR sale at great bargain, price $1400, 37-room
house on Market st. ; rent $50; must be sold
at once. McBRIDE & CO.. 993 Market st.
FOR Sale— At a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
house paying $150 per month: rent $65: price
51500. 953 Market st. McBRIDE & CO.
M. E. RIVES, 916 Market; Phone 1 Main 128.
12 rooms: housekeeping; rent $60 $650
18 rooms; bay-windows; all sunny 1250
•6 rooms; central; cheap rent 2300
42 rooms; all rented; good Income 4000
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices. . -
THE largest and best list cf lodging-houses,
hotels and business ch.--.nces can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.;
phone Folsom 1592.
FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full: good
location; newly furnished. Call at 935 Market
St.. room 14. - ¦
WANTED — Rooming-house. 10 to 15 rooms;
state price; no agents. Box 1536, Call office.
MINNA. 172— A 12-room lodging-house for sale.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty- dr. Sun..
S Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
Miss M. Wille. 326 A Ellis, greatest of all crys-
tal seers: reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium: spirits !-peak face to face; seance Tue..
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m.. DOc. 1084 Bush: p. Larkin 2275.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus.- medium;
life, reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $;. 1164 O'Farrcil St.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth, st— Readings. BOc
and Si; circle every night except Wed., 10c.
ME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. €00 McAllUter: 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HUBBARD, 103 Ooak: circle Sun., Tues.,
Fri.. 7:50;. Wed..' ladies, 2:30; read, daily, 50c.
Mrs. L»st?r, US <ith, r. 12— Medium, palmist &
magnetic hca'cr;rcad'cs daily Howard 1129.
MX. MAXWELL, circle to-night, 1238 How-
ard. 8 p. m. ; entertain. 503 Market, Mon. 11th.
ARNOLD DtCKSON. everything: BOc, ft;
full material izatlon Thurs., Sun.eve. 201 Turk.
EDWARD JCARLIS. 32K Rills, phone Polk 1601;
EiUinc* ':3-i i. 5; t<eance tsun. and Thurs.
Mrs. Van Baker's circles Toes. & Friday evee~
2»c; sveiyboi; get a test. 73. Eddy; no elgii.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
SPlRlTUALlSM— Cisntlaned^^
BROCKWAY'S Dsjchlcseance, Sunday, Tues-
flay, Thursday. 8:15 p. m.-: 25c: readings daily.
259 Hide. cor. Eddy: phone Hyde 2561..
FCIENDSHII" Hall. 315 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyir; sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAtnVOYAKTS. .
BERNARD.
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. . next Examiner bidg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If. you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or net satisfied in life, cr have domestic, |
love or business troubles, consult this great |
medium end you will be told how to overcome j
them. Valuable, advice in all affairs of life; |
Sue up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making
.1 change in business? Are you ill, depressed
or uncertain? Why not seek the fullest
knowledge that will help you to succeed?
. Letters containing stamp answered. BROOKS,
320G Market, rms?34 and 35, cor. Golden Gate.
MES. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance j
medium, is permanently located lat 1206 Mar- I
,l;ei St., corner Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and i
¦ 26; take elevator. Perfect / satisfaction guar- I
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet |
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderrul clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. readings by mail. -
ME. AI-.NDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c ami up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
DAGMAR, the Egyptian,, draws aside uncertain
years: if you are in trouble, unhappy or not
satisfied consult Dagmar, the wonder; she will
put you on the right path. 1035 Market, r. 14.
ISMAR, the : Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, up-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 6 > m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
Princess Ishmael, clairvoyant, lOCS 1 ,. Market,
from Alohobar; Ist appearance; read life with-
out ques.; hrs. 9a. m.-9 p. m. ; Sun. till 2 p. m.
CARD reader, palmist. 239 Fell St.; ' sittings,
CDc, palmistry included.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
GYPSY MESMAR, clairvoyant— Tells every-
thing: sure tips on races. 1102 Mission st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
¦MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MX. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings -daily. 44SV. Jessie it., bet 6tk and 6.h.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. SI per year.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.: steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatinn — Cleaning,
8c: renovated; relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning: Works,
33 Golden Gate aye. ; | telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beatinK Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mjtr., 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatinK Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown' nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor, 6 Eddy st.. room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
DENTISTS.
A^DEL T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; sold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. .
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates,' extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
. 2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridge,
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; -20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
¦warranted for 20 years; 'crowns, $3 50; fillings.
60c: plates, $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings, $1; silver fillings, 50c; gold
01 porcelain . crowns, $5:. set of teeth, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists, 969 Mission St., southeast corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 26c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st. :
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
BET of teeth without plate. , DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. . ¦
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;piates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly In. Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal; reliable
and efficient work guaranteed. Address D.
LE VAN. 314 Leavenworth st
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dor soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. ' 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. •
; ir^H6oL~OT I ELEC^RICAXT^NG^
, NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ¦ ¦ ' • ' ¦
AYRES" Leading- Business College, 723 Market —
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, • bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; .cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
I all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
j engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.-
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited . preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 L-arkin st. . j
MERRILL-MILLER .. Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, minins.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ' eve. ;' est.. 1864. - Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. Kan . Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market St.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary : st. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin. Mathematics. - Literature a.
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago • Business College, 1433 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, 16 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School .of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. , 125 Mason st.
EDUCATIONAL- — .
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class* 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— FARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st. ,
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 me. 1024 Mission, hr. 6th.
KMPLOVaiIS.\T j OFiTiCES.
A— JAP/.NESE reliable housecleaning; . also
cooks , and waiters furnished |at I short notice.
George Kinochita, 753 Haight; tel. Fell 5046;
br'ch 005 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house ¦ servants. GEO.
AOKI _ CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. - Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 41iy 2 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426. -
CHINESE Employment Office— All - kinds of
' help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 160 L
JAVANESE Intelligence Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st. : tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FI2MALK. |
A YOUNG Scandinavian girl, good sewer, un-
derstands . hairdressing, shampooing, mani-
curing and scalp treatment, willing to , do a
little chamberwork, wishes a position in first-
class American family in Oakland, Alameda
or Berkeley; $20. Address 321 Van Ness aye.,
. street floor. ¦ ' -
ELDERLY woman wants position as first-class
American cook; thorough housekeeper; clean
and careful; city reference. • 511 Bryant st.,
near Third. .-. ¦ ¦ • .
YOUNG lady stenographer - and typewriter
wishes position; is quick and accurate at
figures. Box 1645, Call. . ".¦
A NEAT, willing girl wants general housework
and plain cooking. Please call at 422 Teha-
ma St., above Fifth.
REFINED North-German maid to mind chil-
dren; experienced seamstress; best references.
A. H., box 1551. Call office.
WANTED— Position in family as housekeeper;
have schoolgirl of 10 years; no objection to
country. Address box 2347, Call, Oakland.
LADY wishes to take care of 1 or 2 children;
good reference. 961 Fifth st., nr. J, Oakland.
A REFINED widow wishes a position as house-
keeper, companion or mother's assistant;
competent and trustworthy. Refined, box
1542, Call office. ¦ ' . ¦
FIRST-CLASS German and American cook;
willing to assist with housework; wages $30;
references. .- 4 Lynch st., bet. Pacific and
Broadway, off Leavenworth.
"GERMAN girl wishes situation doing house-
work and cooking; city or country. 410 Frank-
lin st. ' : :
COLORED woman, first-class laundress, wants
day work, $1 50 day; reference. 451*4 Jessie.
STRONG Swedish girl wishes work by the day;
$1 25. Call 631 Larkin st. . ' ¦ '.
GIRL wishes situation in American family;
wages $20. 1212 Scott St.. near Ellis.
WOMAN wants situation for housework; good j
cook; wages not less than $25. 204 Van Ness.
WIDOW lady with a child 3 years wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper. Address MRS. E. ROB-
INSON. 135 Hollis St., N. Oakland. . :
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $150 to ]
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . .*
KMPLOYMKST WASTED — MALE.
A CHEESEMAKER (German) of Swiss and
American cheese, 17 years' experience, wants
position; or any kind of work in dairy busi-
ness. Box 1524. Call office.
ACTIVE, willing young man, 26, seeks em-
ployment In city or country; handy with
tools; three years In last place as shipping
clerk and timekeeper. Box 1615, Call office.
INTELLIGENT man, German, strictly sober,
wishes position as attendant to invalid, driv-
ing light delivery ¦ -.agon, soliciting or any
other position; Al references. Box 1592, Call.
BARBER wants steady, short-hour position,
including Saturday and Sunday, or Saturday
and Sunday only; references. : Box 1553, Call.
EXPERIENCED man wants a Job as night or
day watchman; the best references; give also
bonds if necessary. Address L. F., 567 Sixth.
STRONG young man; a place as teamster; well
acquainted in city; 'references and security
given. Box 1552, Call office. , .;. - .'¦ . ' -
CLERK, active, reliable man, wishes position
where strict attention to the Interests of firm
find a chance for advancement Box 1614, Call.
BOY of 17 wants a place In a box factory or
printing office. Address M. CONNORS, 44
Third st. ' .
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a registered assist-
ant pharmacist; 10 years' experience; city or
country. C. P., 376 Lexington aye. .
POSITION as Janitor, or watchman- by trust-
worthy man. Address box 2348, Call, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by an all-round engineer
and electrician; long experience in light and
power plants; do my own repairing and re-
winding; have tools and i test. instruments;
steady, honest and strictly temperate. Ad-
dress Engineer. 420 Sixth st., city.
YOUNG married man, sober and industrious,
with several years' experience, wants situa-
tion in wholesale liquor house as cellar man;
good all-round man; good references. Address
E. M., 673 Geary st.
RELIABLE middle-aged man, German, wants
position in factory or ranch, or any other kind
of work. Box 1534, Call office.
BARBER wants short hour Job or evenings
Saturdays and Sundays. Box 1556 Call.
YOUNG man, German, of good education, re-
liable, speaks English, understands all kinds
of farming, wants position on ranch in Cen-
tral or Northern California as foreman. Ad-
dress box 163"J, Call office.
P.EL]ABLi: and experienced young man wishes
a i&siticn cs salesman with reputable con-
cern; rei'i." trees from last employer. Lox
VTK. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; country;
wife for housekeeping, man to work on the
ranch. Address M. W., 25 Pennsylvania aye.,
• Santa Cruz, Cal.
GERMAN porter, first-class references, seeks
. situation in saloon or restaurant; understands
cocking. Box 1623, Call office. -
JAPANESE young boy wants situation as gen-
eral houseworker in city. Y. SHIROSHITA.
box 1554. Call office. . '-' .
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants situation
in private family; understands any style of
cooking. Apply YAMA. 923 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
: subscriptions baa been established at 10%
: Valencia st. ¦ ' ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (lno.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg. *
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and Industrial ¦ propositions wanted; gold
. bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
-^-^^^j, H}£lF* TO LET. „„„, : ~--?b
NEW flat, 7 rooms, for rent; furniture for sale;
vicinity .Broadway and Lagupa; $2500; no
agents. Box 1708, Call office. . ' ¦ .
BELCHER. 33. off Market, bet.. Thirteenth and
Fourteenth— Flat of 5 rooms; cheap. : % . :
WALLER, 1706, near park— 3-room flats, upper
and lower; $9 and $11; water. free.' •
$27— SUNNY top flat, six rooms and bath; al-
, most new. 967 Oak st.. near Scott.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In .the
United. States or Canada one y«-ar for $1.
- FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED. ;
WILSON buys ¦ all kinds of household goods.
: 1710 Market; tel. South 413. ¦
10,000 YARDS old carpets wanted. D. GREEN-
: WALT. 708 Valencia St.; tel. Church 1186. ;
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
i price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st.; telephone Lark'.n
¦ 2752; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 ( before selling furniture,' car-
* pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market
FRAMES AND PICTURES. V .
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr. V.Ness
—Best work and lowest prices ¦ west 1 Chicago.
' •: "' •';¦ "- - •'•¦•¦ GLOVES. ''¦¦'¦'¦^'¦'¦'JJJ^jJ-
D. : & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant aye.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city hotel $3o
Stewardess, country hotel $-0
Waitress, same place *20
Chambermaid, to wait, institution $-0
Fancy ironer, Southern California h0te1... 530
Marker and distributor, country laundry.. s-5
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 girls for same house, country, see party
here, $35; cooks, house girls, nurse girls, sec-
ond girls and others
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
4 WAITRESSES, new hotel see party here, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO IU4 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 more waitresses, commercial hotels, $&2 50,
fares paid; 12 waitresses, city and country,
$20 and $25; 3 chambermaids, to wait. $20;
waitress country, $25, see lady 9 a. m
FAMILY DEPARTMENT -_..
Cook, $30. see lady 9:30; cook, country. $30.
no housework or washing, see lady 11 a. m. ;
cook, San Rafael, $30, see lady here; house-
girl, 3 in family, no wash, $30; ranch cook.
$20; cooks, second girls, city, best wages;
young girl to assist housework. $15. sleep
home. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 535 Geary st.
LADY'S maid, see lady this morning $35
2 laundresses, country $25. |30
2 cooks, no washing, country **;
4 second girls » 2 °. ?;£
2 waitresses, city hotel »*
Chambermaid and waiting, institution $20
2 waitresses, railroad eating house $20
10 girls for housework, small washing *2o
4 girls for housework, Alameda $»
General housewk, 2 family. Santa Barbara. J-0
All kinds of housework, city and country.
Call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. new
number, 334 Sutter St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses, city hotels. $20 and $25.
LADIES— Learn the 20th century puff for
women; we teach hairdresslng, shampooing,
• manicuring, face steaming and massage, elec-
trical rolling, cupping, bleaching; latest
methods; thorough Instructions; everything
furnished; day and evening classes; 2 weeks
course. $o. 727 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED ironers wanted immediately.
United States Laundry, 16th and Valencia sts.
WANTED— GirI who has had experience in
burnt leather work; good wages; bring sam.
p le. Apply 3570 Twenty-first St.
GIRLS 14 to 18 years old; clean, pleasant
work; good pay. Knitting mill, Gantner &
Mattern, 1017 Hyde St., near California.
NEAT girl: light housework, flat; 2 in family;
must understand cooking; wages $12 to $16.
1451 Leavenworth st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Colored girl for general housework,
short distance in country. 233 Devlsadero st..
apply between 9 and 12 a. m.
WANTEB-An apprentice girl. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
GIRLS In bindery department; no experience
required. JOHN PARTRIDGE. 306 California.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to wait on
sick lady; wages $5 a week. 32O 1 ,. Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers wanted; also er-
rand girl and neat sewers. 139 Post St., r. 40.
WANTED— A neat girl to assist in housework.
Call at 2410 Polk st.
NEAT young girl; light housework; family of
2. Call 1329 Fell St.
GOOD girl wanted to feed cylinder presa. My-
sell-Rolllns Co., 22 Clay st.
YOUNG girl for light housework and care of
child. 9108 Devlsadero st.
A GIRL for general housework and cooking.
1603 Lacuna st^ '
WANTED— S coat finishers, also 6 apprentices.
3 Brook st., room 5.
A REFINED woman of business experience for
lucrative work. Box 1527, Call office.
WANTED— Young woman for light housework;
wagies $15. 5913 California St., nr 22d aye.
WANTED — Neat girl for light housework and
assist with baby. Inquire 571 Waller st.
A YOUNG girl to assist In housework; small
family; wages $15 to $18. 4237 Twentieth st.
STRONG young girl to run errands; good op-
portunity to learn braiding. 636 Market st.
WANTED — A young girl for housework; $10 to
$12. 2621 Howard St.
WANT a young lady to work In shooting gal-
lery. Call at 523 Pacific st.
GIRL wanted to assist with children. 1221
Golden Gate aye.
SOBER, strong woman for general houseclean-
Ing 1 day a week; $1 10 day. 303 Eddy st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; 4 in fam-
ily; adults. 1930 Sutter st.
APPRENTICE on vests; with some experience
preferred. 1170 Market St., room 91.
GIRL for light housework; small family; good
wages. 1318 Folsom st.
I GIRL to care for two children; wages $12; sleep
home. Call 300 Baker st.
WAITRESS wanted; $8 a week. People's Res-
taurant, 631 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class waitress. 615 Taylor st.
WANTED— GirI to assist In housework; good
home. 2241V4 Sutter st.
MACHINE operator* at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory, 32% Fremont st. ; good
W3ges; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about IS
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; manlcui-
lng & facial massage included: course $5; po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 3 good positions
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary St., room 13.
WANTED— A reliable and respectable woman
as nurse for 2 children, aged 2 and 4; doctor's
family. Applicants call at 1550 Page St., be-
tween 2 and 5 p. m.
RESPECTABLE young girl for light house-
work and care for child; wages $15. Sutro
Heights Louvre, terminus Cliff House steam
road.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for suits and
waists; city references required. Address L.
C, box 1540. Call office.
YOUNG girl; general housework; small fam-
ily. 59 Portola St., off Waller, between
Steiner and Pierce.
NEAT, industrious woman for housekeeper and
help In grocery store. 1896 Fifteenth st., cor-
ner Dolores.
AN experienced, capable Protestant waitress
wanted at 1317 Jackson st. , Oakland; refer-
ences required: call Sunday afternoon.
EXPERIENCED hand* and apprentices, men's
neckwear. L. SAMTER & SON, 51S Market st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole makers, $12 per
week, and finishers. 6C9 Kearny st.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
need not cook. 1831 Eddy st.
BODY ironer and band ironer wanted. United
States Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
YOUNG woman for concert hall; none under 18
need apply. 525>4 Pacific st.
PANTS finishers; also printers; paid while
learning. 407 Turk st.
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework.
3639 Twentieth St., near Valencia.
WANTED — Domestic; general housework; fam-
ily 2; $10 month. 227 Third aye.. 10-12 a. m.
WANTED— A girl for general housework in
small family. Call at office, 22 Second st.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework;
live at home. Apply 234 Post st., room 10.
WANTED— Operators on men's coats. Box 1619,
Call office.
WANTED— S lady solicitors; big money to ac-
tive workers: reference required. 1418 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— Experienced lady wrappers for dry
goods. Apply at HALE BROS.', between 8
and 11 a. m.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. Belasco & Harris Co., 541 Market
WANTED — First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED .MALE.
WANTED— Reciuits for the marine corps, V~.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lets than G feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Kills St., San Francisco.
COATMAKERS and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. A CO., 24 Sutter st.
GOOD barber wanted at 503 Howard st.
»< HELP •WANTED— MALE — Con. _
A-MURRAY & READY... Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Office Open 7 A. M. To-day ,
' ' RAILROAD MEN ............••-
50 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah.. ..Free tare
: CARPENTERS ••••„¦•
2 carpenters, factory, country $3 day
4 carpenters, rough work, mine ••••••"••*
3 ranch -rpenters.^^an^p and found
Man' and wife to take charge of country
store, see boss here. 9 a. m. to-day... .. ••-••¦• \
Young man, drive mail wagon .$3O and found ,
4-horse teamster, near city. . . .$37 =0 and found
Man to run can capping machine; married .
farmer. Santa Clara Co., $40; buggy washer.
$50; stableman, near city, $30 and found. 5
other stablemen, $50. (10 and $30 and round, i
blacksmith, $3 50 a day; 5 muckers for a
- _,;_- $d» and found |
iceman "and milk. $2 50 fare. andround ;
15 farmers and plow teamsters.. s26 & $30 &fd
3 choremen and boys; 15 teamsters. 2 and 4 >
horses, $2 and $2 25 day: 50 laborers, no ex-
perience required, city and country; 5 boys.
?!: y .. f . a^ 0 !H-6TELD^ARfMENf:::;.:::;v..:
Porter, country hotel. $20 and found: night
porter. $25 and found; saloon porter $20 and j
found; sausage maker. $40 and found; baker
country shop. $10 week; 7 cooks different
places: cook for an orchard. $30 and found. 3
waiters, kitchen help and dishwashers........
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook. $40; hotel cook, $50:
restaurant cook, country. $60; hotel and res-
taurant waiters, $30 month; dishwashers,
young man for confectionery; dummy waiter
man, $25 to $30; and others. J. F. CKOi-n
& CO.. 628, Sacramento st. i
AT W. D. EWER 4 OO.'S. 610 Clay st. ¦
• 2 carpenters, country, Government work, »3 a
day; married farmer for orchard, house fur-
nished, $40 to $45; plain tinsmith, near city.
$1 25 a day and board, for country .store; milk
wagon drivers. $30 and $25; second cook for
boat. $30; German driver for wine house, sal ;
ary and commission; laborers for ditch. $- -5 i
a day; scraper teamsters. $2 25 a day.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st.
Milker who can make butter, private place.
$30; porter, family hotel. $15: young man to
assist barkeeplng, country, $20 and found; j
night 'waiter, country, $30; young assistant |
waiters, $30; lunch-counter man, $45; oyster- (
man, $45; baker, country hotel. $30; butlers, j
; city. $40; boy to learn trade. $3 50 a week.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Chef, $80. for restaurant; steward. $85. |
A PANTRY boy for city hotel, $15 and found. \
MRS. M. E. DAY A CO 335 Geary st. j
BUSHELMAN at once. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st. - ;
UNDERPRESSER on coats. BELASCO . &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker: good pay: steady
work. BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Mar-
ket at.
WANTED— IOO teamsters by the E. B. &A. L.
Stone Co. for tljeir camp near Jackson, Araa-
dor County, Cal. ; wages for 2-horse team-
sters. $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
sters, $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per week.
WANTED — Young man as assistant salesman
in a general hardware and stove store; must
be willing and active: state experience and
wages expected. Apply box 1523. Call office.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for
a plain every day business; will pay $60 to
$65 a month; experience not required; place
permanent. Apply 765 Market et., room 3.
SOLICITOR wanted for family trade; good
commission to right person; party carrying
some other line preferred. Apply 419 San-
some, 12 m. dally, or address P. O. box 2286.
STRONG boy 16 to 18 years, to work in candy
factory; chance to learn trade; $5 per week.
• Call to-day, Blum's Confectionery, cor. Polk
and Sutter sts.
PRESSER accustomed to renovatory work.
Golden West Clothing Renovatory, 12 Mont-
¦ gomery St.
WANTED — young man; plain work;
no experience required; $15 week; must have
some cash. 1221 Market, room 1, upstairs.
WANTED— Three laborers ; pick and shovel.
Eighteenth st. and Railroad aye.; take Ken-
tucky-st. cars. , ¦
EXPERIENCED clothing packer for wholesale
house. Address, with references, A. 8., box
1528, Call office. |
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push-
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON. i
room 412. Parrott building.
MIDDLE-AGED man to assist in housework;
good home; small compensation. 406 Van
Ness aye. .
WANTED— Good errand boy. E. MESSAGER.
145 Post st. ' I
BOY wanted. 17 years old; good reference re- !
quired. BARON. 22 and 24 Grant aye.
— I — — ________ i
SOBER man with $75 in commission business; |
can make $18 per week. 78 Third st., room 2. |
WANTED — A young butcher with references.
2004 Polk st.
WANTED— Porter from 8 to 4. 105 California '
Market.
GOOD live agents; new proposition. 1206 Mar-
ket St.. room 59.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half |
price. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
A YOUNG man to wait at table; small place.
700 Mission st.
WANTED— Bartender who can do porter work
with good references. 698 Fourth st.
WANTED— A good coatmaker; steady work.
Apply 301 Franklin st.
COOK and baker; all styles; economical; $30.
Box 1521. Call office.
TOY wanted. 174 Townsend st
SHOEMAKER wanted at 305 Third st
$125— GENTLEMAN wants nartner in cigar
store. Apply at once at 24? Third st.
GERMAN boy. some experience, grocery and
: bar. Seventeenth and Eureka sts.
BOY wanted. 237 Bush st.
AN all-around man in restaurant. Call at 863
Geary St.. bet. 10 and 12 a. m. .
BOY wanted to work at painting. Call 810
- Laguna st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 657 Clay st.
WANTED— elderly business man; wages
$10 per month. Call 500 Halght st.
A DISHWASHER wanted at 1502 Kentucky I
street. 1
1000 MEN wanted— drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co., I
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on j
' work: steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. .6 Montgomery st., room 23, San Fran- '
cisco, Cal. *
WANTED by a reliable company, a gentleman
of good appearance to call on selected in-
dividuals with a high-class proposition; no
scheme; salary to right party.. Box 1684. Call.
A STEADY, reliable man, 25 to 40 years of
age, with $1000, can procure permanent situa-
tion; good salary and 6% on investment; must
have outside business ability. Box 1655. Call.
WANTED— Laborer, and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: tools donated: positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLEK BARBER COL-
LEGE, *35 Clay st. ..
WANTED— boys not under 15 years of
age. Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 122
* Sutter st. . : ¦
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted; apply
1 a. m.. Stevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES
Lyons. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
BOYS wanted to carry telegrams; good wages.
Apply Delivery Dept. Western Union Tele-
graph Co., 300 Montgomery st
ICECREAM-MAKER can get permanent posi-
tion at LEHNHARDT'B. 1159 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal. -
PANTSMAKER wanted at JOHN REID &
| SON'S. 507 Market st. .
i WANTED— Bushelman: steady position. ROCS
, BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st.
WANTED— Baker; one who has worked' in a
pie bakery. Apply noon hour. 116 Erie st.
i "WANTED Errand boy for drug store; one with
I bicycle preferred. Answer box 164!. Call.
1 GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
i to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2cl sts.
- EXPERIENCED man who can command trade !
I to manage dairy routes. Box 1537. Call office.
! WANTED— Gordon press feeder. R. R. PAT-
j TERSON, 429 Montgomery st.
i — "¦ : * ~~ nzzz ! ~~
j BOY wanted to learn confectionary. IMB Polk.
; TWO chair barber shop for sale; cheap. 222
i Gough st. ' - " -i
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of i
the world. HERMAN'S. 23 Stenart st.
WANTED— Reliable breadbakers. 127 Mason st.
' YOUNG man to do* Janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st
; WANTED— Machinist and iron molders. SOS I
, Mission st. .
; McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
: hand shoes for sale; Me up. 241 Third st.
j PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
: big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G. A. R.
' WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st , near Mar-
i ket— 7oo rooms, 25c night: reading rooms; free
1 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AW WAGONS. -~ ,y
FOR Sale— gelding. 6 years old, 16.1, can,
trot %30 or better; ' rowa stallion, record
I:3M_. gentle for lady to ride or drive; also a.
sorrel road team. 16 hands. 6 years old. drtv*
double or single. Dexter Prince Stable. lio»
Grove st. -
TWO carloads tine team horses Just in: gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; $60 to $120
the team. JOHN H. lULTON, 1732 Market.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sal»
Wednesday November 6, at 11 a. m., at thi»
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
2D-HAND coupe rockaway, old open hack,
3-ton platform wagon and bike buggy; cheap.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— By J» E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable,
1375 Eddy st.. a fine lot of carriage, road ana
business horses. .
ONE 1- horse truck. on« 4- ton express wasonT
one gurney: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard at.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. O. ava.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry. {
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, busies, carts, harness*
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tha Weekly Call. ,
16 pay«. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per v^af-J
HORSES WASTED.
WANTED— SO bay geldings: 1100 to 1300 pounds;
must be broke to ride and drive: liberal prices
paid for right kind of stock. JOHN H. HAL-
TO.V. 1732 Market st
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
6 SUNNY rooms and bath, newly painted and
papered; rent very reasonable. 3si San Jos«
aye.. between Guerrero and Valencia sts.
HOUSES WASTED.
"WANTED — house: 7 or % rooms-
bath: small yard; north of Sutter. east of
Larkin: for 6 or 7 months. Box 1581. Call.
LOST AM) FOIWD.
LOST— Wallet containing two certificates of de-
posit and other papers. Deliver to room 307
927 Market st. and receive reward. *
LOST— 31. ladies' gold Elgin watch and
long gold chain E. E. V. on outside of case.
Reward will be paid to any one returning rh«
same to chief nurse. General Hospital Pre-
sidlo. ¦
LOST— SIOO reward; three diamond rings near
corner of Eighth and Adeline sts.. Oakland.
$100 reward and no questions if returned to
DR. H. S. KERGAN. 1124 Eighth St.. Oak-
land
LOST— Diamond stud, between Eighteenth and
Diamond. Twenty-second and Douglase sts.
Reward 519 Douglass.
CERTIFICATE of deposit on the Nevada Xa'Jr
tional Bank in favor EMMET CARTER (No.l
6.430) for $140. Box 1588. Call office. /
NEAR Ferry, cookbook wrapped in blue paper.
Return to 520 Van Ness aye.
LOST— Heart-shaped locket and pin; liberal re-
ward. Return to 1609 Broderlck st.
FOUND— A purse. Owner can procure th«
same by Identifying same at 123 Colllngwood.
IT will pay to "Remember" .that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. '220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AMD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell 3t.;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL. "
DR. O'DONNELL— AII who are sick and la
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped ; relief in all
cases taken; the most ¦ obstinate cases hay»
been relieved by my medical treatment; free-
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of femalo complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate Royal University.
Berlin; 25 years' experience in midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her;
takes and treats ladies before and during con-
finement; best care, attention; confinement
$15; room and board $4 a week and upward'
infants adoDted. 608 Guerrero St., near 18th. '
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliabi* '
ladies' - specialists for female complaints: In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor: hours » to 5.
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
house 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 1128 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees. %
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialist-,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice in
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 90« Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by harbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALIC.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. _ic-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits en hand ; 22 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st., above Sixth: write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers. Pap-
ers, etc.: also wood-working tools, such a»
band saws, wood planers, shapeYs. stickers.
mortisers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE. 230
Fremont st. — ; ¦
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watcnes,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc.. is being: la--|
augurated at the Portland Loan Office, z\ 1
Stockton st. All you need is a very small '
deposit.
RETIRING from business: we are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames,' moldings at *
reduction of half off; must close out every-
thing by Dec. 15. JONES & CO.. 7"* Larkin.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROGH Ufa Co..
9 Stevenson st.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pins.
A—loA — 10 H.P. Atlas steam engine; almost new;
cheap. Address' box 1674. Call office.
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business.
JEWELRY for salt?: diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand, 126 Kearny St.. rm. 29.
FOR sals — Gent's ticket, first-class, to Denver
and Chicago cheap. Box 1522, Call office.
CHEAP — 4 hp. gasoline engine, steam pump, 1
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 546 Mission st.
BOATS. launches, rowboats earrled in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
BABY buggy, almost new. «3 Douglass Bt.. oft
Seventeenth.
FOR sale — watch dog: genuine Dane. •
Delgardo place, oft Hyde St.
WINDMILL, pump and tank, almost new. F.
MICHIELSEN. 1230-32 Hampshire st.
2D-HAND t pipe. 4. 3. 2. 1, \. in. half prl<-_j_
Of new. 'H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. "^
CASH register (Hallwood*: brand new reduc-
tlon of 555. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BAR outfit?, showcases; all lengths and sized.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 321 Mission st.
PHOTO bargain list • No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress * Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Sfockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale: jeweler's steel-
lined safe. perfect order. 218 California st. ¦
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. '
CONTRACTORS to use coke ashes and clink-
ers. South Park Malt House, Brannan st,.
between Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED— SmaII iron lathe. 12-inch buza
planer, 30-Inch band saw; must be Al and
cheap. Address A. 8.. box 137. Santa Clara.
HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing. Jewelry;
send postal. J. COHN. 229 Montgomery aye. '
WANTED— open gasoline launch tor^£L j
der to yacht and duck hunting. Box 1533. C Jrt
WANTED— Seccnd-hand uprlsht T)lano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market si.
T It TO 2? w nts good second-hand clothinx an-i
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. FoUom 2^2.MATRIMOMAL.
MAA'RIAGE bureau: estab. ISS7; reliable and ¦
< Jr,'.]pr.tia!: list. 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis st.
ef<~ =
% HOkKV TO LOA.\.
aX^i^nliattanXoancoiipanyl
$300,(w0 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and >
Oaklani town and country property, second '¦
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans !
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in ,
rcai estate and legacies. We will purchase '
any of abeve securities. Tel. Red 60S*. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
A NEW idea in the money-lending business i:>
being tried by the Portland Loan Office. 25
Etocktcn et. ; phone Bush 454. If you need
r.cney phone ii and the manager of our
loan department will call on you and loan
you money at low rates on your diamonds.
watches, sealskins, etc.. or else you can call
it our office. All business confidential
ANY AMOUNT AT C PER CENT. '
Flrft. tecond and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
It. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
$250,000— EASTERN capital to loan at lew rate I
on California securities, first or second mort- '
gages, city or town properties, undivided in- I
terests fn real estate, legacies, etc., also first- ¦
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per cert of real value. W. L. HARPER 364
Parrott building. * y
ANY preposition, any amour.t: C per cent: first. '
second and third mortgages, estates in pro- ,
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided '
Inter* securities, manufacturing and mer- i
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16 j
Ist Hoor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN. ;
ICRSIAS MURPHY. CO3 Examiner building— j
i at 6% or less in large sums: loans |
»n eecond mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop- I
erty is mortgaged and you need more money !
cc HERMAN MURPHY, 661 Examiner bldg. \
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on '¦
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat- !
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams buildir-e. - 206 Kearny et. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1565, proper
p*ace to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry.
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest
» Gran: aye., near Market st. : tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low- |
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 546 Market
t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
WKICIPAL Loan Office 103 Grant aye., near
Geary et. : phone Red 1603.
*A MILLION at 4 per cent: smaller amounts at |
6: city or an property; long time; state
¦mount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 5C73.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, llbra-
rieg, gcods in warehouse.etc. :any amount;low-
_«** rat?s; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st
ON furniture, pianos and other collaterals. !
lowest rates; quick; by private party. £50 I
Market ft., room IC. I
fSOO.OOO AT I per cent in sums to suit in city; :
$150,000 en large ranches at fair rates; second i
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine. |
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal :any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Mod turnery.
C^.V3 loaned to salaried people on note with-
Wi.: Inilorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
(tMua. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building. '
X3WEST- rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Uoom 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones. !
ON furniture, piancs; no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Ft., room 6S.
t% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
6 1 ,s'« OX real estate; mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgora.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commis. : confidential. Whitehead. 1706 Market
OK furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
OXE per cent <m furniture: $5 a month on. each i
$1000; i.ny security. 302 Montgomery st, r. 1. I
IF you n-arrt a home I will loan you money to
bay it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansorae Et
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
eitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
THE TOrELET Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MCAL IXSTRIMEXTS.
AGAIN we jfemind you that our piano stock,
AGAIN we i-emind you that our piano stock,
-both rew and second hand, is the largest
•west cf Chicago and includes the most re- !
fl'able makers to choose from. New pianos I
i=:ld upon easy payments of $6 per month; !
ecme good pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month, f
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
Werner Kearny and Suiter sts., San Fran-
Cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st
Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano i
Co.. co.c apents most famous and oldest Amer- '
ican makes; easy payments: big allowance for I
econd-hand pianos; rents $2 up allowed; bar- j
gains. $25 up; Steir.ways. $ISS; ''bickerings,
$135; 10 others; agents wanted. We pay your
tare to and from any part of California if you
purchase. 217 Geary st
ETECK. Everett Hardm2.ll. Packard. Lud-
wig. Harrington, Conover and other pianos.
These makes we are now offering for sale
In our wholesale warerooms at 933 Market
t. to any retail buyer at wholesale prices;
ICO empty piano boxes for sale at 50c each. !
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
6ecor.d-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Seccnd-hand square pianos from $r.o up.
Beconc-hsnd organs from $25 up; new up- '
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 • I'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
and Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos.
A FAC" — We want you to buy a piano from I
us now, because it! is money in your pocket I
to do so. We have many bargains, and why
can you not get the benefit as well as any :
one? Think of a piano at $75. MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. TCT Market st. i
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
¦within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lov.ed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OFarrell st ; established 1&50. '
¦^J?MALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
t case Knabe upright, almost new; also walnut
new; also Steck.
1 oak case: Hardman square, $45; organs. $25 I
up. BOWERS & SON, 23 Fifth St.. IVERS I
6: POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
ANOTHER lot of high-rrade new and second- i
hand pianos just put on sale for storage; dirt
cheap must ¦ell; n reserve ; Installments If
desirei. Wilsons Storage. 1706 Market st.
1 25— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new. $OS. 217 Geary st
LAUGEST standard upright piano; little used;
going East account death; sacrifice. 502 Eddy.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BOH— EB. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Spielmann pianos. 308 Post st
GOOD feend-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st
ELEGAST piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung'a. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk Ft., near Market—
ghonirger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upripht pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. f;COTT-CT'RTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
OITHES AM* stokes TO LET.
LARGE front show window and office to let;
moderate rent; see iti 219 Montgomery st.
OIL.
OIL tanks.- second-hand, in good order; all
flzes; ;heap. H. S. WHITE. £16 Mission St.
PALMISTRY.
ME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et, bet Geary and Post; teL Black 561.
president St. Germain College,
- reads from 1 to 5. 700 Post; phor.e Hyde 2ZZZ.
PAIXTERS A.VO DECORATORS.
KOOMs" papered .$3 up; whiting done. HART-
MAN Paint Co.. 319 Third: phone Red 3521.
PERSONALS.
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, carios and in-
tiques bought NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Geary i
et., largest curio Here in America; visitors I
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
AX elfjant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, Jl5; with these suits we make an extra ,
P&ir vf pants free of charge; other suits on ii;-
flallmrats. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket tit, between fc-eventh and Eighth. .
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without tear, with electricity, by
.MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 85*»
Eighteenth Et, cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
$6 PER day Thorough instructions in en-
larglnc" photographs by mail; no experience
neces«iry. for small sura of $1; no stamps ac- ;
cepted. W. E. Duncanson, Santa Clara, Cal.
A PURE cure for drunkenness, opium and mor-
phine !ia"bit: the Mooser Co. Gold Cure; price
{."> i>— bottle. Address at 112S Geary St., S.
F- Cat , -.
q;to~the great book AUCTION
h- TO-NIGHT at 7:30
* 104:* Market et.. opp. McAllister st.
SUPERFLUOUS air and moles destroyed with
•lectrit: needle. MISS EATON. 1118 Sutter st
PERSONALS Continued.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate Columbus.
Ohio. I
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates-TGEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MRS. ERIGGS. dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the latest
elgctrlc appliances. %S gutter; tel. Laikln 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout, price
*» 50 per bottle. For circulars. Pinus Med.
Co.. 134 Valencia st. , v S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market: 700. rooms;
2Sc to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office, 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methoas; electric roleau; (superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Ki3-ora. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.'
AT cash prices: ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
A HANDSOME manicuring parlor; experts em-
ployed; gentlemen's - anicuring 50c; ladles'
25c; hair dressing Be. G. Lederer.. 123 Stcktn.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth- E6c, postpaid: ' free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton. 324 Post.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near broad way.
A— your hair is faling or you are bald, call on
Dr. G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
A — VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia St., bet. ISth and 19th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205. Call office.
STOP that "cough'"— Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 2356.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
LACE curtains cleaned for 3. , c per pair and up.
1277 Mission ft. ; phone Folsom 2528.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & C 0..733 Markt.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., tailors. 115 Kearny st
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. Sl7 Market St.
PLAMXG AND TI'RMXO MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
rUYSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG ¦ HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats alt diseases of the human ±>ody: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason: nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-76 C Clay st : see testimonials at office.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED A first-class rooming house, cen-
trally located. in exchange for' new modern
five-room cottage, completely furnished, value
J3COO. For full particulars address room 15,
Cauklin building, Bakersfleld, Cal. . ' •
REAL. ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our bargains In Sunset attract many buyers.
Choicest graded lots with splendid view of
ocean and park from $500 to $900; $10 monthly.
$100 to $350— Don't miss seeing our new level
Ocean Boulevard Lots! Installments.
Call at Sunset Branch Office, 9th aye., near
H St., every day or Sunday.
$400 to $SOO— SNAPS IN RICHMOND LOTS.
$100 to $250— Level lots near Misslon-st elec-
tric car; $10 down, $5 monthly.
30 minutes' ride ' from Chronicle building. .
CALL AT ONCE FOR DIAGRAMS.
JSSO. $1000 to $2300 — 4-room cottages, easy
terms.
~ - SOL GETZ & BROTHER. -
Room 54. Chronicle building.
$6000— LOT 25xS0; south side Bryant St.. between
Second and Third: Improvements, elegant 3-
story residence of 10 rooms and bath; can be
modeled into 3 flats at nominal cost; best
renting property in San Francisco and in a
district that is steadily increasing In value;
sacrificed as it is being held by undivided
owners; make an offer. R. McCOLGAN, 24
Montgomery ft., room 3. ' ¦
53000— PROMINENT Thlrd-st corner: 20x57:6;
rents $65 per month; will stand a raise; prop-
erty sure to enhance in value: sacrificed as it
Is being held by undivided owners. " Apply
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st, room 3.
FOR sale — artistic homes; new plans; up-
to-date conveniences: finished in natural hard
woods; prices very reasonable; the public In-
vited to Inspect; located Marcnic aye. ami
Frederick st. ; owner on premises.
$4100— GREAT bargain: 22 lots in heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY.
35-396 Parrott building.
$3TO EACH Corner lots: Eugene aye.; frontage
3 streets: graded: cash or Install. 360 Jessie.
FOR eaJe — Cottage of 4 rooms, large, basement
and yard: half cash. 3022 Pierce irt.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY For Sale
FOR SALE "NEAR" SAN~FRANCISCO^^
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st, for pam-
phlets and information.
52500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222. CalL
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WIN FIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real estate.
MAKE YOUhToFFER. ~~~ —
Owner going to Mexico; will sell to highest
bidder one of the most complete houses in
Alameda; basement completely fitted up with
piano, etc., for dancing and social parties;
large corner lots; well, windmill, tankhouseis
and barn- cost nearly $1500; must be seen
to be appreciated. Don't fail to look through
premises. Might take some other property
part payment. See owner, 730 Pacific aye..
Alameda.
BARGAINS; Improved ie unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; %j cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000— A LONG-FELT want; cottage house of «
rooms, on sunny side of street, and only two
blocks from railroad station; a bargain.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON,
' Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ...
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. r ~~ -. /%
903 Broadway. -
•¦::' MUST BE sold.
Finest residence lots In Oakland.
$1250—30x100 SE. corner Webster and 24th sts.;
fine for flats.
$1300— adjoining the above.
$1250-34x100-SW. corner Valder and Mlh
(Valdez st. is first Et. east of Webster);- fine
easterly front. ¦¦ -- • -
$1000 each; two lots, *3xloo each; adjoining
the above, fronting Valdez.
All lots are sewered; street work all done. T
All lots from 3 to 6 feet above grade.
Every walk to narrow gauge train.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.
903 Broadway.
$SOO CASH, balance to suit buyer; model
chicken ranch; 6-room cottage; barn; av)ary;
chicken house; fine broodery; water piped in
house and grounds; good windmill and tank,
. 1 acre fronting on two street*; plenty open
ground surrounding; soil "Al" ; no fogs; no
raw winds; near electric cars; adjoining Ea«t
Oakland; price In all $2200; fine stock of
chickens and "Al" cow at a bargain; com-
and nee it; call or send for circular. H. Z.
JONES, 445 Seventh st, opposite- Broadway
•taticn, Oakland; carriage free. - - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A MILLIONAIRE'S HOME.
Offered because he has gone East.
£20. 000— House S rooms and 2 baths: built
1900; every modern convenience; ideal In
every respect; must be seen to be appreciated;
lot 75x175: prominent corner; 1001 Grand St..
N.E. corner San Jose aye., in Alameda, near
local train to S. F. ; electric cars pates prop-
erty; key at office.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
160 Broadway. Oakland.
S. M. DODGE & SON~
160 Brcadway.
Elepant home, nearly completed, in growing
part of Oakland, out toward Berkeley; lot 60x
125; see this.
$2600 — New house near business part of Oak-
land; lot 34x100; barn, etc.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
160 Broadway.
$1900— Sacrifice for a quick sale; comfortable
modern Eastlake cottage with bath, double
bay window, hall, high basement and brick
foundation; lot 43x100 feet (note the size);
very sunny; half block from public park; 3
minutes walk from Clinton station; very-
select residence location; neighborhood and
surroundings the very best; street work com-
plete and stone walks laid; house alone is In-
sured for $1750; rents for $15 per month; must
be seen to be appreciated; never before of-
fered for sale; a special bargain and will
stand a close Investigation.
GEO. YV. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
40 ROOMS: central: paying house: a big bar-
gain for quick sale. E. E. BL'NCE, 952 Broad-
way, Oakland.
$1600— COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; nearly
new. 960 Park way, near Clinton station,
East Oakland.
LET.
FOR Rent — Large house and grounds in Linda
Vista Terrace tract, Oakland; Piedmont cars
pass the door every few minutes. S. J. TAY-
LOR, Realty Syndicate. 14 Sansome St., r. 12.
FINE .home, best part of Oakland, near local
train station; 7 rooms and bath; this is some-
thing nice: key office. S. M. DODGE & SON,
160 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TENTH, 572— Beautiful sunny rooms; excellent
home table; terms moderate; references.
KIKMTLRE FORJSALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tho
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEKI'ING.
BUCHANAN, 605, near Hayes— Large alcove
room and kitchen for housekeeping.
FRANKLIN, 203— Two furnished rooms, sunny
corner. . ,
HOWARD. 1063—2 sunny completely furnished
front bay-window rms.; range; electric lights.
LANGTON, 256Vi— Three sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
LARKIN, 819%— Sunny front alcove room and
large housekeeping; gas. bath, phone.
NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms; run-
ning water and bath ; reasonable.
NOE, 153 — Two completely furnished bay-win-
dow rooms, upper flat; gas stove, grate; $14.
OAK, 119—2 front basement rooms; furnished
housekeeping, $10; single rooms, $7 and $10.
OAK, 125— Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $10.
OCTAVIA. 1403— Corner Geary; sunny pallor
with kitchen furnished; gas stove; $13.
O'FARRELL, 12S, cor. Powell— A nice room,
$4; upstairs; near the Orpheum.
SIXTH, 242—2 or 3 rooms for housekeeping;
also others.
ROOMS TO LET — Fora, and Infnrn,
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE^ 14S~Slxth^Rooms'
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle: take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2oo rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
A SL'XXY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mascn— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CRAWFORD. 102 Ellis— Sunny rooms: single,
$2; suites, J3 per week; thoroughly reno-
vated: elevator.
ELEVENTH, 34— Sunny bay-window front
room: ga»; running water and bath.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin— Bedroom, double bed;
1 man, $7; 2 men. $9. Call 10 a. m. or evening.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single*;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished: strictly flrst-class;
56c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
: MCALLISTER. 6S4— Nicely furnished front room
¦ suitable for two; adjoining room If desired.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely few.
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
POWELL, 131, near Baldwin lot— Front rooms
to let.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$S; morth. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN JOSE aye., 233— Sunny front room;, refer-
ences.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 3008 A —Two newly furnished
sunny front rooms.
SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TAYLOR. 139— Nice sunny front rooms; very
quiet; nice for man and wife; also housekeep-
ing and transient.
TO let— Nicely furnished sunny room; private
family; Western Addition; references; rent $8.
Address H. U.. 2742 California st.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 2 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
YVILMOT, 728 Sutter— Changed hands; elegant
suites; prlv. baths; sin. rm». ; lst-class board.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA, 20th and Mission — Newly furnished
suites and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
cial rates; flrst-class board If desired.
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness ay«.
THE CCfeBIN, 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table.
SUNNY front parlor suite with board for 4 In
private family, $18. tl« Jones St.; telephone.
CALIFORNIA. SO7 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 621— Elegantly furnlihed rooms,
with hoard; references.
ROOMS AND ItOARD WASTED.
YOUNG lady wishes board and lodging in pri-
vate Jewish family, French preferred. Box
1718. Call office.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA^
RIUM. 1206 Market st.; treatment free; only
Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children* have been received in
the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children 1534
Mission St.. since July 1, 1901: Albert Halght,
half-orphan, age 6 years 2 months; John B.
Cenway, half -orphan, age 3 years 1 month;
Edwin Duggan, half-orphan, age 5 years 7
months; George Kelly, half-orphan, age 1
year 1 month; Infant girl 1 day old.
BAD tenants ejected for |4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. Sl4 Pine.
STORAGE ANID WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and~Moving~Co!T
office Post and Powell sts.; tej. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, S4O Mls-
sion st ; tel. Howard 941, F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st •
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
SEWIXG MACHINES ; AND .SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought.' . sold and : repairing; guaran-
teed. Chas. Plarnbeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ;re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124.- 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. -145 6th.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Type writer
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER '.Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors '.estimate free. 209 Sansome.
"' DIVIDEND* NOTICES. : '
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company, '
room . 18, second floor, Mills building, San
Francisco, Nov. 6, Dividend No. 194, of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water j Company, - will be pay-
able at the office of said company, room 16,
. second floor, Mills building, on Nov. 15, 1901.
Transfer books will close on . Saturday, Nov.
9, 1901, at 2 p. m. '
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary. .
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 35, of seventy-
five cents <75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435' Califor-
nia St., San Francisco, on November 11, ¦ 1901.
Transfer books close November 4, . 1901, at
norm. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary. ¦. - ..
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to creditors— of EDWARD
HARMON SHELDON, deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned, WALTER
D. K. GIBSON, administrator with the will
. annexed of the estate of EDWARD HARMON
SHELDON, deceased, to the creditors of
and all persons having claims against the
Bald deceased, to exhibit them with the
necessary vouchers, within ten (10) months
after the first publication of this notice, to
the said administrator, at the office of
Morrison & Cope, room 123 Crocker building,
at the northwest corner of Market and Mont-
gomery streets, San Francisco. California,
the same being his place for the transaction
of the business of the said estate in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
' California. •'. * ' - -
5 WALTER D. K. GIBSON, administrator
with the will annexed of the estate of ED-
WARD HARMON SHELDON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. October 16. 1901.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
John F. Fitzserald, 25, 1581 Folsom street,
and May Fitzgerald. 22, 22 Isis street. ¦
Agostlno Bianchini, 34. Petaluma, and So-
phie C. Silacci, 22, Point Reyes. v
Richard H. Swain, 32, 8% Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Mary E. Bogle, 33, 8% Golden Gate
avenue. ,-..•.
Louis Carraine, 34, city, and Emllie Rapetti,
28. city.
Albert Murbach, 28, Ross Valley, and Sophie
J. Hammerlch, 22, city.
Jorga B. West. 44. Pueblo, Colo., and Severa
Roa, 38, Pueblo, Colo.
Michael J. Magutre, 33, 6 Havens street, and
Winifred T. Crowe, 26, 1923 Howard street.
Earnst Hoffman, 30, 2529 California street,
and Katharine A. Heinzmann, 23, 618 Second
street. - . • . . .1 .
Patrick Brennan, 35, 216 Rltch street, and
Kate Wheeler, 29. 216 Ritch street.
John H. Woodrum, 60, city, and Mary G. Gil-
more, 36, city. .
James V. Whittle, 47, 26 Minna street, and
Margaret Welch, 44, 2017 Bush street.
Frederick W. Duncing. 29, 1010 Shotwell
street, and Lizzie Moran, 24, 1114 Steiner si.
James Boynton, 42. 1116 Harrison street, and
Matilda Roberts. 40, 1114 Harrison street.
James L. Murphy, 42, 515 Pacific street, and
Eliza J. Hastings, 38, 2037 Powell street.
Lewis Ohleyer, 21, 410 Post street, and Julia
L. Downey, 18, 147 Ninth street. .. * ¦
Henry C. Steele. 21. 905. Folsom street, and
Minnie Murphy, 20, 905 Folsom street. •-,
Joseph Eberhart, 48. 1336 Alabama street, and
Agnes Koenig, 44, 1336 Alabama street. *
Henry Kallmann, 24, 2030% Steiner street, and
Amelia Zacharlas, 22, 2178 Sutter street.
BIRTHS— MARRIIaE^DEATES.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.' j
BORN.
BURGESS— In this city, October 31, 1901, to the
wife of John William Burgess, a son. • 1
HEFFERAN — In ' this ! city, " November 3, 1901,
to the wife of James F. Hefferan, a daugh-
ter. - • '
LYNCH— In this city, November 5, 1901, to the
wife of Timothy C. Lynch, a son. :
NELSON— this city, November 5, 1901, to
the wife of • Captain Charles N. Nelson, a
daughter. ...
PEARSON— In this city. -October 29, 1901, to
the wife of F. I. Pearson, a daughter.
•^-'•¦^^•MAREIED./^™" ..-•"•¦"
PARK— In Berkeley. Cal., November 2,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. Condi t. Robert Leon
Park and Emily Florence Tape. .
~- DIED. •"
Bailey, Bert ... . Kreutzer, August
Baker, John " . McDermott, Hannah
Brickwedel, Henry W. Martin. P. J.
Brown, Owen K. • Messer. Marie G.
Clark. William Mitchell. . Bella . •
Cortes, Henry Nixon, Mrs. Jane '
Cunningham. Mrs. E. O'Connor, Thomas .
Fitzgerald, Edward • O'Donnell, Joseph L.
Hanaen, Mary Olson, Andrew
Honauer, Joseph Raphael, George
Kenny, Catherine Wilblrt, Delina A.
Kilday, James R. Wood, Sarah L.
Kordezka, Stella
BAILEY— In the City and County Hospital,
November 6, 1901, Bert Bailey, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 61 years.
BAKER— In this city, November 5, 1901, John
Baker, a native of Skibbern, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 37 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
BRICKWEDEL— In this city. November 4, 1901
Henry W., beloved • husband of Lena m'
Brickwedel, father of Geslne S. Brickwedel'
son of John H. and the late Geslne Brick-
wedel, and brother of Mrs. G. W." Oetzel and
Mrs. W. Niemann, a native- of San Fran-
cisco. . . - . *
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3911 Hyde street, near Union. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. '
BROWN— In this city, November 4, 1901, Owen
E., beloved husband of Mary Brown, son of
Mrs. Elizabeth Brown-Pappenfus, and brother
of William, Herman. John and Lizzie Brown
and Mrs. D. J. Hughes, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years 8 months and 8
days. • ' .' ". » ¦ -.: . ¦>,
ID^Frlends and acqualnrancen are respect-
fully invitsd to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 527 Ellsworth street, off Cort-
land. avenue, Bernal ' Heights. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. .
CLARK— In this city, November 6, 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved brother of Jessie Clark a na-
tive of Missouri, aged 32 years. A member of
Stablemen's Union, Local No. 8760.
(E7Friends and acquaintances and members
of Stablemen's Union, Local No. 8760, are re-
spectfully Invited to • attend the funeral to-
day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171
¦ Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
CORTES— In this city, November 5, 1901 Henry
Cortes, a native of Denmark, aged 42 years
Remains at the parlors of Charles J b'
Metzler,' 636 Washington street. '
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, November 5 1901
Mrs. Emma Cunningham, beloved daughter
of G. H. and Marie Woerz, and sister of Mrs
Oscar Finoke. a native of Hoboken, N. J '
aged 38 years. . ... ¦ ' "
E7Frlends and - acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 clock. from the ' parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. Nt
FITZGERALD— In this city, November 6 1901
Edward. D.. beloved son •of Mamie and the
late John T. Fitzgerald, and grandson of D
McCloskey, d native of , San Francisco, aged
6 years and 3 months.
HANSEN— In this city, November 4 1901
Mary Hansen, beloved wife of John Hanaen'
and mother of Emily and Elner Hansen a
native of Sweden, aged 37 years and 11 days
¦ in7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 704 North Point street, near Leaven-
worth, thence to Washington-square Hall
corner Union and Stockton streets, where ser-
vices will be held under the auspices of Al-
catraz Circle No. 1. T. G. S. Interment Lau-
rpl Hill Cemetery. , . • 7^
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannatran & Gallagher '
- "¦• DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth : Ft., opposite • Lincoln School.
' ¦ - . Telephone South 80. '. : ,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
. V^ ; . J " ' San Mateo County. '.
OFFICE »16 MARKET STREET.,
- '¦:. .'-••'.... J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn. : McGINN BROS.
. . Funeral Directors and Embalmers,' f
"¦..'• ;- .' SI EDDY STREET. .. .
Telephone South 252. ¦San-Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House. :
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
-. Samuel - McFadden. 18 years - manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; : M. J.
Mcßrearty, with 'the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, . late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have -opened new Funeral Par-
lorn at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.-.": -¦¦.-..¦¦
! HONAUER—In this city. November 8. 1901. Jo-
seph Honauer, a native of Canton Luzern,
Switzerland, aeed 68 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances and members
of Swiss Mutual Benevolent Society are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KENNY—In this city. November 5. 1901, Cath-
erine Kenny, a native of Ireland, asred 81
years.
KILDAY—In this city, November 6, 1901. James
Robert Kilday, beloved son of William and
Sarah Kilday. and brother of 'William J..
Francis A. and the late Charles Kilday. a
native of Gllroy, Cal., aged 44 years.
KORDEZKA—In Riverside, Cal.. November 1,
1901, Stella Kordezka, beloved daughter of
Mrs. K. Strozynskl. and si»ter of May
Gruezynskl, a native of Poland, aged 32
years.
E7"lnterment Riverside, Cal.
KREUTSfER— In this city, November «, 1901,
August, beloved husband of Llsabeta Kreut-
zer. and brother of John. Joseph and Anon
Kreutzer, Mrs. K. Sefter and Mrs. J. Hea-
sen, a native of Oberwald, Canton Wallis,
Switzerland, aged 37 years 11 months and 11
days.
McDERMOTT—In this city, November 4, 1901.
Hannah McDermott. a native of Ireland,
aged 83 years.
MARTIN—In this city, November 5, 1901, at
hla home, 1613 Green street, P. J. Martin,
beloved husband of Margaret A. Martin, a
native of Enniscorthy, Ireland, aged 65 years
and 8 months.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Brigid's
Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way. Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend. Interment private.
MESSER—In this city, November 3, 1901. Marie
Giffln. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Nat T.
Messer.
ItTFrlends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral service* at Trinity Church 10-day
(Thurgday), at 2 o'clock.
MITCHELL—In this city, November 6, 1901,
Bella, beloved wife of Michael A. Mitchell, a
native of Russia, aged 43 years.
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, at the
parlori of Halsted &. Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment private.
NIXON—In Portland. Or., November 4, 1901.
Mrs. Jane Nixon, widow of the late William
Nixon, a native of Bermingham, England,
aged 71 years. (Salt Lake papers copy.)
O'CONNOR—In this city. November 5, 190 L
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Ada E.
O'Connor, father of Rishmond L. O'Connor,
and son of the late John and Ellen O'Con-
nor, a native of England, aged 40 years 10
months and 10 days. ' (Seattle papers please
cop/.)
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 516 Noe street. Interment private.
O'DONNELL—In this city. November 4, 1901.
Joseph Lawrence, beloved son of Hueh and
Catherine O'Donnell, and brother of Bernard.
George. May, Annie, Katie and Hugh O'Don-
nell, a native of San Francisco, aged 16
years 1 month and 25 days.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLSON—In this city, November 3, 1901, An-
drew Olson, a native of Denmark, aged 54
years.
DTT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 128 Ettle street. North Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery Oakland.
RAPHAEL—In this city, November 6, 1901,
George, beloved husband of Henrietta Raph-
ael, father of Genavieve, Clifford, Harold and
Eleanor Raphael, son of Isaac Raphael, and
brother of Robert and Julius W. Raphael, a
native of San Francisco, aged 45 years.
fey Notice of funeral hereafter.
WILBIRT—In this city, November 5, 1901,
Delina A. Wllbirt, dearly beloved wife of the
late Dr. J. L. Wilblrt. and beloved mother of
Edgar Wilblrt, Mrs. Theo. Wicks, Mrs. John
H. Muenz and the late John and Daniel
Wllbirt, a native of New York, aged 68 years
2 months and 12 days. (New York papers
please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Elffhth and
Ninth, thence to Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, Mission street, between Sixth and
Seventh, for services, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
WOOD—In this city, November S. 1901, Sarah
L- Wood, beloved wife of the late William
H. Wood, and mother of Edward L.. Arthur
R. and Jeesle B. Wood and Mrs. Dr. G. G.
Gere, a native of New York City, a*ed 67
years and 1 month.
Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 1")
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter
& White, 122 Eddy street. Interment private.
ST. DOMINICS Church Bulldlnsr Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung in
St. Dominic's Church to-day (Thursday), at
9 o'clock.
THE semi-annual mass of St. Joseph's Union
for the deceased members and deceased
friends of the llvtnsr members will be cele-
brated In St. Mary's Cathedral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock. The Rev. Father
McGough of St. Francis Church will deliver
the sermon.
$fianahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.Nt.aELLIS *XV 5056
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary A. Connell (Mary Gaven) to Mary
Dwyer (widow) and Rose Gaven. lot on S line
of Lombard street, 137:6 YV from Fillmore. YV
27:6 by S 120; gift.
Herbert E. and Grace W. Law to Fred H.
Meyer, lot on N line of Lombard street, 1S1:3
E from Broderick, E 5 by N 137:6; $10.
Edward B. and Elsie L. Jennings to James
L Wilson, lot on S line of Grove street, 110
W from Devlsadero, W 27:6 by S 112:fi; $10.
Maurice and Millie Rosenthal to Carlotta B.
Washburne (wife of L. A.) lot on E line of
Stanyan street. 75 S from Beulah, S 25 by E
106:3; *10.
L. A. Washburne to Carlotta B. Washburne.
Henry and Mary E. Myers to Joseph Mars
den lot on NW corner of Sacramento and
Cherry streets, YV 35:6 by N 102:8 Vi; $10.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Arthur F. and
Annie Wetterquist, lot on N line of Sacramen
to street, 165:4 E from First avenue, E 25 by
Thomas' H and Mary J. Rooney to William
O Reed lot on S^ line of Folsom street, 86:4"^
SW from Eleventh. SW 35:11, SE 72:2V4. SW
31 2% SE 75, NE 60:274. NW 146:11; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Marga
ret Cowles lot on SE line of Twelfth street.
142 NW from Howard, NW 53, NE 145:2%. SE
82 '8 SYV 141:4%; % •
Elizabeth A. Atherton to H. A. Ph. Bohr Sr..
lot on W line of Mission street, 210:6 N from
Seventeenth. N 23:6 by W 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
B and Joseph Latham, lot on W line of Bry
ant street, 234 N from Park (or Twenty
fourth). N 26 by W 100; $ —.
Emma L. Stanley to Mary Gleeson, lot on
NW corner of Twenty-fourth and Folsom
streets, W 122:6. N 40, E 45:6. S 17, E 77, S 23;
Agnes B Ahren to Jeremiah H. Regan, lot
on W Mne of St. Mary's street. 167 S from Cali
fornia, S 27:6. W 57, N 26:10. E 28:6, N 8 Inches,
E 286; $10.
Alice E. Blythe (Dlckason) to Florence B.
Hinckley, block bounded by Geary, Kearny.
Market streets and Grant avenue (Dupont
street), known as Blythe block, quitclaim deed;
A and Amelia Aronson to C. Carpy. lot on 8
line" of Geary street, 137:8 W of Stockton. W
65 by S 137:6; $10.
Annie Edwards (widow) to Frank and Anna
Gllebe lot on NE line of Third street. 55 NW
of Bryant, NW 25 by NE 85; $10.
Hibemla Savings and Loan Society to John
Murray lot on NW line of Brannan street, 298
NE of Third. NE 22 by NW SO: $2000.
Estate of Olaf E. Chrlstoffersen or Chrlstof
ferson (by executor) to Louis A. Boutelller, lot
on E line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 225 S of
California street, S 23 by E 120; $400.
Eliza Gherardl, Hasbrouck, Chandler and
Louisa B. Davis to Charles F. Coady, lot- on
N line of Point Lobos avenue, 90 E of Fourth
avenue E 28 by N 100. quitclaim deed; $10.
E. R. Mauzy to Hibemla Savings and Loan
Society, lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue,
175 N of D street, N SO by W 120; $10.
J. W. and Hannah McDonald to Harriet V.
Brownell (wife of YV. W.), lot on SW comer
of Nineteenth avenue and X street. S 600 by
W 240; $10.
Charles H. and Frances A. Reynolds to Nor
bert C. and Bessie Babln, lots 1039, 1061 and
1065 Gift Map 2; $700.
Norbert C. and Bessie Babin to Spring Valley
Water Works, same; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Slgmund Strassburger (owner) with Eugene
Roy Tutt (contractor), architects Salfleld &
Kohlberg—Gas fitting and plumbing for a two
story attic and basement, frame building on
lot on N line of Pacific street, 169:9 AY from
Steiner L W 32:3 by N 127:8%; $1697.
W. H. Frank (owner) with Cahlll & Hall
Elevator Company (contractors), architect
—Elevator work for a four-story brick building,
with basement, on lot on N line of Commer
cial street 120 E from Front, E 40 by N 53;
$1290.
J J. Martin (owner) with James L. Wilson
(contractor), plans by owner—All work for a
3-stnry and basement frame building (3 flats)
on lot on N line of Washington street, 31:3 E
of Lyon. N 102.-814 by E 25; $7650.
T. P. S. Brown (owner) with Ira W. Coburn
(contractor), architect Fred H. Meyer—All
work for a 2-story frame building (flats) on lot
on W line of Capp street, 180 S of Eighteenth,
S 60 by W 122:6; $5645.
R. H. Warfleld (owner) with A. J. McNicoll
Elevator Company (contractors). architect
Newton J. Tharp—All work for electric freight
elevator In a 4-story and basement building in
process of erection on lot on W line of First
street, 45 N of Minna, N 21 by W 75; $l«00.
_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEASONABLE
SPICES
Our own Brand
¦ , Fresh Ground Spices.
Allspice, Cinnamon, Cloves, Ginger, •
Mustard, Black, Cayenne and White
Pepper — full weight tins — strictly
pure— y x lb. 15c, y lb. 25c, i Ib. 45c.
\ Mace and Nutmegs —
% lb; 25c, % lb. 45c i lb. 85c
Aromatic Herbs for Seasoning.
Marjoram, Sage, Savory, Thyme —
% lb. 15c, % lb. 25c, i lb.' 45c.
Whole and Ground Spices in bulk in
any . quantity.
Our Capitol Baking Powder
is made by us of Pure Cream Tartar and
Bi Carb Soda perfectly pure and
full weight —^4 lb. tin 25c, I lb. tin
45c, 5 lb. tin $2.
; Our True FlaVoring Extracts.
We make from best Lemon Peel and finest
Vanilla Beans — oz. bottle 25c, 8 oz.
bot. 50c 16 02. bot. $1.
Jl BUl^flsPJ^ LUJ
143 Market St., bet. 7 & 8. Telphone Mint 761
PEACE ABIDES
WITH RAILROADS
Order Is Brought Out
of the Northwestern
Tangle.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— The Times will
say to-morrow: The main points in the
settlement of the Northwestern railroad
tangle have at last been agreed upon. This
statement was made yesterday by a mem
ber of the Harriman syndicate and also by
James J. Hill, president of the Great
Northern Railroad. Many minor details
remain unsettled, however, and It is pos
sible some of the main features may be
slightly modified. It is expected, never
theless, that the plan in its entirety will
be completed by the end of the present
week.
The principal features of tlTfe settlment
plan are tj»e reorganization of the stock
holding company and the decision not to
retire the Northern Pacific preferred
stock. The latter proposition was one on
which centered the major part of the dis
cussion and it is stated that the conten
tion of the Union Pacific interests that a
permanent peace could only be obtained
by a due recognition of their rights fin
ally won.
In the new stockholding company, by
which the various stock issues are to be
funded, the former contending interests
will be equally represented. The North
ern Pacific directors will meet next week
to act on the dividend and they will prob
ably consider this question in Its relation
to the settlement. Regarding the reported
settlement the Journal of Commerce will
say to-morrow:
An authoritative admission that a general
basis of settlement of the existing differences
had been reached was announced to-day. 'The
details of the agreement were not announced,
and it is said that a statement will not be
given to the public. It is learned, however,
that the current settlement involves the or
ganization oi a. proprietary company which
shall acquire the stocks of the Northern Pa
cific and Great Northern railway companies.
The terms upon which these stocks will be
taken over were not given.
The current arrangement Involves a definite
understanding as to the control of the Bur
lington system on terms declared to be satis
factory to Union Pacific Interests. What these
terms are was not stated, but it Is learned on
reliable authority that the arrangement is one
of a definite character, which will prevent any
extension of the Burlington system to the det
riment of the Union Pacific Interests. Union
Paclllc Interests will be represented In the new
proprietary company, it is stated, both through
stock ownership and by representation on the
board of directors.
It was further more definitely established
that the St. Paul system has no direct inter
est in the current settlement. The position of
St. Paul may be benefited generally upon the
clearing up of the Northwestern situation, but
the control of the St. Paul, for the present
at least. Is not to be disturbed. One report
was that It Is eventually intended to return
the Burlington system to Its original status
of an Independent road through the medium of
the new company recently incorporated In
lowa.
HOTEL AKRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W H Nichols & w.Cal J W Tasgart. B Barbr
J F Eshelman. Seattle J J Squire. S Barbara
E X Taylor, Alameda R McCormick, Chgo
S McL Doherty, Frtna a L Burdette. SUvr Cy
Miss Chapman. Arcata H F Measer & w, Sngr
J F Clayp, Chicago ,E Berwick. Monterey
Mrs F Swanton. S ruziW C Swain Marysvlle
G A Black & w, ChgrolH C Bell. Bacto
C E Sweezy & w, Cal J Haynes & vr. Tub*
H M Hall. Weaverville; J Llttlejohn & w. lowa
J W White. Los Ang |C L Maaon Sacto
W H Vickers. Victoria ;C A Muller. Chicago
Mrs W H Vickers. B C|F J Reilly, Redding
A Gadklns. Portland I A Fitch, Chicago
W L Griffiths & w.Cal A Primeaux Jr Nev
M H On. Stockton W H Mason, Kern
F G Dary, Lodl W F Geary, Sacto
H Hertop, Rutherford J G Loutzuhel.ser.GVal
D S Dorson, Mich J 8 Reardon. 1.03 Ang
D S Fish. Hanford L J McQuade, L Ang
J B Newport, Hanford ' P E Platt, Sacto
AW Renison & w. Cal Miss J Blair. Cal
B J Rlelly &w, Nev |L Pierce Sulsun
V J Brown, Newcastle jH V Wille, Phila
M J Sllva, Newcastle ;J W Abrams, Sacto
A P Blossom, Stockton A W Keck, Mo
C B Harris. Sacto T A Heyer. Chicago
P Musto. Stockton W O Blaslnghame.Frsn
E L Koreebe, Gazelle I A M Tucker * w Cal
W Baird. NT IW W Tracy. Detroit
W W Mordaus, Brtwd C C Donglar, San Jose
T W O'Neil, Sacto Mrs A E Tyler, Daytn
W F Davlson, Seattle A C Hanson &w, Dntn
PALACE HOTEL.
W S Hall, Stanford. D' Palma, Italy
I L Colby, S Barbara i G Johnston, L Ang
W F Haustern, N V Mrs A P Whittell L A
L Frank, N V Miss Whlttell, Los A
C O Weber, N T Mrs "W L Woodward,
A E Carroll & w, San Jose
Boston B H Trumbell A w Or
H C Whitehead, Chic E L Welhort & w, Cal
C A Muller, Chicago F E I^ine &w, Stktn
R T Orvis & w, U S NjW H Webb, Alameda
G W Megeath, X City |W B Gilbert, Portland
X A McWhorter.Omaha J G Roberts, Madera
J Roscoe & w, Los A I Miss D D« Coe. N V
I" Woodward, Topeka Mrs V N Le Pan,
F Leonard, Nev | Owens Sound
V Drysdale & w, San |Dr H R Macauley,
Mateo I Shanghai
A C Drysdale, S Mateo W P Kyle, Mass
H Lindley, Klamathon E N Foote, Mass
V H Becker, Chicago G McElreen, Pittsburg
Mrs W T Richards. Cal W S Jones, Pittsburg
Mrs A G Field, S Jose S H Cobb. N J
Madame Barilla. Italy S T Nlshamura, Japan
Miss I B Helntzen, W A Roger, S Barbara
Italy X W Brown & w, Cal
G Creatore, Italy W A Bowden, S Jo«e
C Elery, Italy
NEW WESTERN HOtfEL.
Mrs L S Dann. Seattle ;tfrs J Gallagher, SArdo
t J Kenyen, Chicago <1 Warren, Ontario
\j B Adams. Sacto \t Murray, AVash
U Hlrd, Sacramento £ Lorenty, Nebr
IV McMillan. NY A. Sylvester. Sta Rosa
ft M Garthorne. L AngH Collins. Portland
1 J Hanogan. S Rosa B H Yoakley, Wash
W M Lelavan. Oakland P J Murtha, Nome
Hrs B Hasen. Seattle !
Takes Offense at Coon Songs.
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— James Strange, a
colored attache of the race track. Is on
trial In Judge Melvin's court with assault
to commit murder upon Henry Martin.
Martin sang a coon song with the words,
"Coon, coon, I wish my color could
change," while returning from a picnic
and so offended Strange that he took two
shots at the songster. Strange s^s he
only fired h's pistol in the air and cw not
mean to kill.
CURING FAULTS
IN PENSION LAW
Attention Is Called to
Many Defects by Com
missioner Evans.
Modifies Unpleasant Rules
Relating to Paying
Money to Widows.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— ln his annual
report Commissioner of Pensions Evans
discusses at length the faults of the pres
ent system of pensioning and the difficul
ties in the way of determining the merits
of claims for pension and increases.
Attention is directed to the friction and
unkinii feeling that attends the adminis
tration of the act of August 7, 18JC, whioh
provides that the open and noto*ious acu*
of a widow pensioner snail ilperate ta
terminate her pension; but the absence of
such a law, it is stated, would encourage
sucn pensioners to dishonor tixe memory
of their soldier husbands whiie still en
joying the bounty of tiie Qovernmeru;
and, on the other hand the widow who
rtspects the law and honors society by
ltgalry entering into the marriage relation
loses her pension. For the> purpose of e-ir
rying out the provisions of this law, in
structions were issued in 18S6 to special
examiners in the Held to take deposition*
from widow claimants showing whether
they have cohabited with any man as hi*
wife since the death of the soldier. Thea»
instructions were in force until Septem
ber, 1897, shortly after the Commissioner
took charge of the bureau, when he modi
fied them by directions that special ex
aminers must never question the claimant
whether she has violated the act of Au
gust 1, ISS2, unless the evidence procured
shall show that she has been living la
violation of law and then the investiga
tion must be made carefully and discreet
ly, so as not to cause unnecessary neigh
borhood gossip or scandal.
The Commissioner says that, while th«
law is a most delicate and difficult on*
to administer, yet he cannot recommend
Its repeal. Attention is invited again to
ihe necessity of repealing the act of
June 7, 1888, which swept away all the
limitations as to the tiling of widows'
claims under the general law and
brought about conditions which are said
to be a standing^ invitation to file fraud
vlent claims, the arrearages being so
large and the chances of detection m>
small.
Frauds by Guardians.
In January, 1900. a rule was adopted re
quiring guardians of pensioners to ren
c.er to the bureau annual accounts of
their receipts and expenditures of pen
sion money. The rule was followed by
disclosures which, in some instances,
were of a startling nature. Guardian*
v.ere found to be drawing pensions long
sfter the death of their wards. Many
cases were found where insane pension
ers had been placed in asylums and other
public Institutions as indigent persona,
while the guardians had drawn the pen
sion during the whole period, and tither
diverted it for other purposes or alluwed
it to accumulate for the benefit of the
pensioners' legal represent tlves. Im
proper, exorbitant and extravagant Items
of expenditures were shown, which had
been authcrized and approved by the lo
cal courts. Other cases were revealed
in which the guardians were appropriat
ing the pensions to their own use, while)
the wards were being maintained at pub
lic expense. In many cases pension
moneys were shown to have accumulated
in the hands of guardians in sums rang
ing from $1000 to over $2600. while the
intended beneficiaries of the bounty of
the Government were being cared for in
public institutions at the expense of th«
public.
The report presents a number of in
teresting features connected with the til
ing of claims for pensions on account of
the war with Spain and the insurrection
in the Philippines. It is shown that th«
soldiers of these wars enjoy mucn
greater benefits than were accorded to
the soldiers_^of the civil war. In th«
amount of pensions granted for the same
degree of disability.
While the civil war lasted for four
years and the casualties were enormous,
and the Spanish-American war lasted
only about four months, with compara
tively few casualties, it Is shown that
three years after the close of
the Spanish war claims for pen
sions amounting to about 20 per
cent of the soldiers engaged in that war
had been filed, while in 1572. or seven
years after the close of the civil war.
only about 6 per cent of the soldiers en
gaged in that war had filed claims.
Fault of the System.
The Commissioner says he la not pre
pared to believe that those who engaged 1
in the war with Spain, many of them
sons of veterans of the civil war. were
less patriotic than their ancestors, or
more covetous, but in his opinion it 13
the fault of the system of pensioning,
with its active army of attorneys, soli
citors and drummers, who are practical
ly licensed by the Government with th«
promise of $25 for each claim allowed.
The report presents some interesting de
tails regarding the Njperations of these
solicitors at San Francisco when the vol
unteers returned from the Philippines for
muster out, and shows the persistency
with which these soldiers were hunted up
and persuaded to apply for pensions.
The Commissioner calls attention to the
unsatisfactory conditions attending tho
legal and medical adjudication of claim*
for pensions. Cases are usually settled on
ex-parte evidence prepared and submitted
by attorneys, whose fee is dependent upon
the allowance of the claims. The medical
examinations, which determine the rate
of pensions in valid claims, are made by
surgeons who are the neighborhood prac
titioners, whose appointment is usually a
reward for political* services and who are
subject to local Influences that bias their
judgment. As a remedy for these abuses
the Commissioner earnestly recommend*
the following method of ascertaining the
facts in pension claims: That traveling
medical examining boards be constituted,
consisting of two skilled medical examin
ers, one attorney and one stenographer
and typewriter. These boards would meet
at the county seat of each county, say,
twice a year, and the claimants would re
ceive notice in advance of their coming.
POLICEMEN MUST
NOT PLAY RACES
Commissioners Issue an
Order to the Men of
the Force.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Nov. 6.
Under penalty of dismissal from the po
lice department, the Board of Police and
Fire Commissioners to-day ordered that
no policeman, regular or sp<
visit the Emeryville race track,, whether
on or off duty, unless upon police busi
ness.
Commissioner Johnson, in voting for the
resolution, declared that policemen were
in the habit of visiting the tracks during
the daytime, and then trying to do duty
on their beats at night. He objected to
what he asserted was the too frequent
visits of younger policemen at the races.
Further changes in the personnel of th«s
police department were made to-day, fol
lowing the acceptances by the board of
the resignation of regular Patrolman
John Morrison. To succeed Morrison the
board appointed special Ignatius D. Tobln.
who has been serving as substitute for
regular Policeman Henry McCloy, retired.
In Tkbias place James H. Smith Jr. wa.i
named. Smith is a brother of Police
Judge Mortimer Smith, and has been a
conductor for nine years with the Oak
land Transtt Company.
The permanent retirement of Patrolmen
H. Nedderman and B. R. Phillips for
physical Incapacity will shortly occur. The
commisslone»s to-day directed Chief , of
Police Hodgkins to prepare the oflcial
data concerning these policemen's teriua
of service-
1314
AEVEETISEMENTS.
— —
— '^^iaWia^fatiF
A Splendid Offering of
New Tapestries
At A CC* yard
At 45c y ard
I *^
An offer that will interest hotel proprietors as well as our
large trade of housekeepers so-inch Oriental Tapestry — all
bright new goods in choicest of Persian and fancy stripes. If
you are in need of Portieres, Door Hangings, Cosy Corners or
Couch Covers, we urge you to see these Tapestries which are
without question the best value ever shown at 45c yard.
Silk Waists $6.50
A special consignment of silk waists handsomely made of
extra quality Peau de Soie, in the most fashionable shades,
nicely tucked front and back, collar and cuffs with prettily
stitched blind—^ exceptional value at $6.50.
Silk Waists — -SB.OO
Elegant Black and White Silk Waists, made of superior
quality imperial silk in black with a white lace stripe effect,
comes opened in the front or back — one of this season's
choicest novelties. Price $8.00. . .
Suede Gloves $1.50 '
Our "Weldon" and "Le Francis" suede gloves — made for
us by one of the best makers in France, whose reputation for
workmanship and excellence of quality is of the highest
order — The "Weldon" have two clasps with Paris point em-
broidery — " Le Francis" have three clasps with one row of em-
broidery — come in black and colors — guaranteed and fitted at
$1.50 a pair.
Silk Ribbons 35c. . •
Just received a large shipment of the popular Mousseline
Taffeta Ribbons — come in colors White, Pinks, Blues, Greens,
Reds, Maize, Nile, Lavender etc., 5^ inches wide— at
35c. a yard.
Sofa Cushions 90c.
Finished ready for use — comprising Tapestry Cushions in
choice Oriental colorings ; Cretonne Covered Cushions trim-
med with five-inch double ruffle in a great variety of floral and
conventional designs size 22 inches square — your choice of the
entire assortment while they last 90c each.
Fascinator?- — $1.25
Just the kind of head gear for evening wear— chenille and
wool-mixed Fascinators; light weight in prettiest of colors-
special price $1.25 each.
Bed Spreads $2.25
Servicable white Marseilles bed spreads in a variety of choice
designs, extra large size 84x90 — special value at $2-25 each.
California Blankets — -$3.75
A new invoice of superior quality California White Woo'
Blanket 6, good size, extra heavy and come with Pink or Blue
border — Exceptional value at $3.75 a pair.
Write for our New Illustrated Catalogue
— Kearny and Sutter Streets =
I — — -:; — — — — — . =r
HORE EVIDENCE TAKEN
IN RICE MURDER CASE
Detectives Testify as to Contradictory
Statements Made by Don
nelly.
The preliminary examination of William
Buckley, Thomas Moran, Charles Don
nelly and Edward Duncan, charged with
the murder of George W. Rice, a non
union machinist at Twentieth and How
ard streets, October 11. was continued be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday.
The examination xjf Detective Bailey
wat concluded. He testified to having
had an interview with Donnelly, who said
he knew nothing about the murder and
was not at Twentieth and Howard streets.
Witness brought Donnelly into the pres
ence of Buckley in the City Prison, and
Buckley said to Donnelly: "They have
got me good, and I depend upon you to
prove that I had nothing to do with the
murder." Donnelly then said he had gone
out to Twentieth and Howard streets to
collect a bill from a man named Angelus.
He was in the crowd and#aw two men
running away, but did not know who they
were.
•Detective T. L. Ryan was called and
testified that he had arrested Donnelly in
Moloneys saloon. Zoe'and Brannan strets.
Donnelly at first said: "Tom. I wasn't
there." but after he was confronted with
Buckley in the City Prison he said he
had lied and that he had gone out
on the car with Moran, but took no
part in the shooting. Ryan was cross
examined about a man who was taken to
identify the prisoners but had failed to
do so. He said he knew nothing of such
& circumstance and should have known
of it, as he had charge of the case. His
cross-examination was not concluded
•when court adjourned till this morning.
CEle^Aivf Shoes)
|2j)&irs'f or C^^Ell^
i The sale of Felts' shoes for ladies is as lively as ever. On Mon-
day and Tuesday the little store was crowded to its capacity as far as
service goes — the sixteen salesmen were as busy as bees. No sooner
was one seat vacated than another customer was right there to be
, waited on. And how the high-priced goods did go! Hundreds of
ladies bought $7. $8 and $9 shoes for $4— good, "stylish, up-to-date
footwear, too. The other values were in demand also — $4 and $5
shoes were eagerly bought for $3.50.
I The reason for the success of the sale is due to the fact that Felts
! carried only high-grade, first-class, stylish shoes, and every lady who "
• appreciates fine footwear knows what the values mean when they can
i be had for half their former prices. . Come while the assortment is '
' complete. \-:i i:
By the way. there are quite a number of pairs of ladies' ' riding
boots worth $18 that are selling at another instance which shows
I that every dollar does double duty at this sale.
; The sale is being held by
The Walk-Over Shoe Store
I • Felts' Successor
I 924-926 Market Street
IBANSPOBT WARREN
AGAIN IN TROUBLE
Unfortunate Vessel Meets With, a
Serious Accident in Inland Sea
of Japan.
The depot quartermaster has received
information from Washington that the
army transport Warren has met with an
accident in the Inland Sea and will be
laid up for repairs at Kobe. That th?
vessel is injured to some considerable ex
tent is evidenced from the fact that the
Hancock has been ordered to Kobe from
Manila to take on her troops and cargo.
Further details of the accident ara
wanting, and there is a great deal of spec
ulation as to whether the Warren broke
some of her machinery, as she has done
so often, or run aground in the Inland
Sea, which is always a menace to naviga
tion on account of its treacherous chan
nel.
The Warren has had a long run of ac
cidents and has been lying idle most of
the time since she went into commission.
Harrold Knocked Insensible.
William O'Connor, a cripple who runs
the elevator at the Hall of Justice, and
Jerry Harrold, a janitor, had a dispute
yesterday morning. Harrold had been
drinking and used some offensive lan
guage toward O'Connor, who reached up
and struck Harrold under the chin, knock
ing him down. Harrold struck on the back
of his head on the floor and was taken
to the Receiving Hospital In an uncon
scious condition, where it was said he had
sustained a possible fracture of the base
of the skull. O'Connor was arrested, but
subsequently released. Both of his legs
are amputated at the knee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1901.
LARGEST VESSEL OF HER CLASS
EVER CONSTRUCTED IN A SHIPYARD
Seven-Masted Schooner That Will Be Ready for Service in
February— Will Garry 10,000 Tons Dead Weight and
May Make First Voyage From the East to San Francisco
THE NEW SEVEN-MASTED STEEL SCHOONER NOW NEARING COMPLETION "IN BOSTON FOR THE
COAST TRADE. SHE WILL BE LAUNCHED IN FEBRUARY, AND WILL MAKE HER MAIDEN TRIP
FROM THE EAST TO CALIFORNIA VIA CAPE HORN.
is noted the wor-i
f over for its fleet of four and flve
il masted schooners. There is not s
port on earth that one of the fleel
has not entered, and the fore-and
after seems to be the coming vessel.
So far California has only turned out n
five-master, and the chances are that be
fore another year has sped the coast will
be behind the East.
A new scnooner that will be a wonder
among shipping is being built tor a Bos
ton syndicate. She will De a seven-mastcT
and will carry at least 10.CKA) tons dea 1
weight. Next month she will be ready
for launching, and a big crowd of Sen
ators and Congressmen will be present to
witness the event.
The seven-master will be of the follow
ing dimensions: Length over all, 403 feet
4 inches; water line, Soi feet; beam mould
ed, 50 feet; depth from top of keel plate o
top of upper deck. 34 feet b inches; draught
to load water line, 25 feet 6 inches. She
will be constructed of steel and will have
a sail area of immense proportions. She
was designed by B. B. Crownlnshield an-1
is being built lor a syndicate. Including
Thomas W. Lawson and Captain J. G.
Crowley. _
The seven masts will be 100 feet in
height and will be steel cylinders 32 inches
in diameter. The booms of the first six
masts will be 45 feet long and of the stern
mast 75 feet, and will be of Oregon pine.
The stern sail will be 75 feet on the boom,
8 feet in the leach and 67 feet at the
hoist and the other mainsails 45 feet on
the boom, S3 feet in the leach and 72 feet
at the hoist. Sho will also be rigged with
a forstaysail, a foretopmast staysail ana
three jibsails and topsails, making a
spread of 30.000 6quare feet of canvas. She
will have a steam windlass and capstan,
and the stocklcss anchors of 10,000 pounds
weight each, as well as all of the heavy
working machinery on board, will bo
manipulated by Bteam power. Her gros*
tonnage will be 7000 tons, with a displace
ment when loaded of 10.000 tons, and she
will draw 26 feet 6 Inches of water when
loaded.' Her extreme length, from th^
bowsprit to the end of the afterboom. will
be 480 feet. . .
It is said that the big vessel's name will
be Roosevelt, and a sister ship now on the
stocks will be called Prosperity.
Another Whaler Arrives.
The steam whaler Belvedere arrived
from the Arctic yesterday after a fair sea
son A number of whales were taken,
and as a general thing the men are sat
isfied The vessel came from Fox Islano.
and reports a catch of 4000 pounds of
bone. 700 barrels of oil and fifty cases of
foxskins. This noes not represent the full
catch, as a quantity of whalebone taken
earlier was sent down on one of the Nome
steamers.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The schooner Irene will load lumber at Fair
haven for Valparaiso, for orders. 48*. chartered
prior to arrival; the Robert Lewers. lumber
at Gamble fo Honolulu, prior to arrival.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. November 6.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hinkle, 30 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. IS hour* from Eureka.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Smith. 4 hours from
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 6S hours bO
minutes from Portland, via Astoria 47 hours
60 minutes.
Stmr San Pedro, Jansen. 24 hours from Eu-
Whallng stmr Belvedere, Devoll, 18 days from
Bane Santa Paula, McGovern. 2 days from
Ventura; up river direct; In tow tug Rescue.
Schr Occidental. XuberK, 8 days from Eu-
OLEARED.
Wednesday, November 8.
Stmr John S Klmball, Thwlng, Seattle; E T
Kruse.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle; Thos Pollard.
Stmr Jeanie. Mason. Kadlak; Pacific Pkg
and Nay Co.
Stmr UmatUla, Cousins. Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Ladysmith; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. November 6.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr John S Klmball, Thwlng, Seattle and
Tacoma. .
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, southern coast.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Eureka.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Cella, Adler, .
TJ S stmr Concord, Blockllnger. cruise.
Br stmr Milton, Ralney, St Vincent.
Ger ship Vaseo da Gama. Holdt, Queenstown.
Schr Abble. Peterson, Caspar.
Schr Joseph Ruf«. Anderson. Portland.
Schr Antelope, Bjorklngxen, Tillamook Bay.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 6, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 6 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Aug 6. lat 22 N, lon 24 "W-Fr bark Cassard,
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Nov 1, lat 51 N. lon 15 W— Br ship Dowan
Hill, hence June 27. for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Wreck of schr La Gironde was sold to-day at
public auction to H B Square for |125.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORTLAND— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Columbia,
from San Francisco; etmr Alliance, from San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 6— Bktn
Planter and bktn Robert Sudden, from Hono
lulu; srhr Robert Lewers, from Honolulu.
Sailed Nov 6— Schr Bainbrldße. for Callao
from Pert Blakeley.
Passed in Nov 6— Ger stmr Ramses, hence
Oot 31. for Seattle.
REDOXDO- Sailed Nov 4— Bktn Gardiner
City, for Grays Harbor.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov S-Stmr
Scotia, hence Nov 5.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 6— Bktn Re
triever, from Port Hadlock; schr Sadie, from
Tacoma.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov s— Ship Spartan, for
San Francisco; stmr Dlrlgo, for Skaguay. Nov
6 — Stmr Czarina, for Tacoma.
Arrived Nov 5— U S stmr Thetis, from Dutch
Harbor.
galled Nov fi— Stmr Dolnhln. for Skaguay.
Arrived Nov 6— Ger stmr Ramses, hence Oc
tober 31.
NEAH BAT— Passed out Nov 6— Shlo Spar
tan, for San Francisco; schr Balnbridxe, for
Callao.
Passed inward— Schr C T Sargent, hence
Oct 25: schr Robert Hind, from Honolulu, In
dlstrers; schr Martha W Tuft, from Yakutat.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Ruth, for
San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Rival,
hence Nov 1.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov fi— Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov 4; Fr bark Belen, from St Nazalre.
Sailed Nov 6— Br stmr Indravella, for Hong
kong: Br ships Mayfleld and County of Kin
ross and Ger bark Favorlta, for Queenstown.
EUREKA — Arrived Nov 4 — Stmr Signal,
hence Nov 2:' stmr Aberdeen, hence Nov 2:
stmr North Fork, hence Nov 2: stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Nov 3; schr David Evans.
hence Oct 26. Nov 6— Stmr Eureka, hence
Nov 5.
Sailed Nov 4— Schr Amethyst, for San Fran
cisco. Nov 6— Schr Azalea, for San Pedro;
stmr laqua, for San Diego; stmr San Pedro,
for San Francisco.
Passed Nov 6, 4 p m — Stmr Acme, hence Nov
4 for Tillamook. with schr Sacramento in tow.
hence Nov 4 for Sluslaw River.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 6— Schr Mildred,
from Ballard; bkm Northwest, from Port
Blakeley.
VENTURA— Arrived NoV 6— Stmr Geo Loo
ml!=. hence Xov 5, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov «— Stmr
Alcatraz. from Greenwood.
Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Mlneola, for Nanalmo.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 6— Schr Solano.
for Shanchal.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 6— Schr Irene, from
Honolulu.
EASTERN' PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov s— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Nov
s— Bark Nunanu, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LADYSMITH-Salled Nov 6, at 6 a m— Br
stmr Victoria, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Nov &— Br «hlp Charles
Coteswcrth. for Liverpool.
NANAlMO— Arrived Nov s— Nor Btmr Tita
nla. hence Nov 1.
TEXERIFFE— Arrived Nov s— Ger stmr Her
monthls, hence^ug 2, for Hamburg.
MAZATLAN-^alled Nov s— Br stmr Peru,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Columbia,
from Hamburg.
Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Majestic, for Liverpool;
stmr Frlesland. for Anfwero.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Rhyn
dam, from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Kron Prinz
Wllhelm, from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Deutsch
land. from New York, for Cherbour» and Ham
burg.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Nov B—Stmr8 — Stmr Australa
sian, from Montreal.
Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Ivern, for Boston, via
Queenstown.
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Norwegian,
from Boston.
SYDNEY, NSW— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Sierra,
for San Francisco.
MANlLA— Arrived Nov 8— Stmr Yangtse,
from Seattle, via HioffO, etc, for Suez. Nov 2—
Stmr Hyson, from Tacoma, via Hloko, etc,
for Lnndon.
BROWHEAD- Passed Nov 6— Stmr Germanic,
from New York, for Queenstown and Llver-
ST MICHAELS— Parsed Nov 6— Stmr Hohen
zollern. from Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar, for
New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov fi— Stmr St
Paul, from New York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. i From. Due.
Sequoia I Humboldt Nov. «
Mandalay Coqullle River |Nov. 7
banta Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts.iNov. 7
Point Arena... Point Arena |Nov. 7
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 7
Algoa China and Japan Nov. 7
Corona San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Matteawan Tacoma Nov. 7
South Coast... Humboldt Nov. S
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 8
Hongkong Mai China and Japan Nov. 8
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 8
Santa Ana Seattle and Tacoma... Nov. 8
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 8
Santa Barbara Humboldt Nov. 8
Totmes Hamburg via W. Coast Nov. 9
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma... Nov. 9
Victoria Oyuter Harbor Nov. 9
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts. Nov. 10
Rival Willapa Harbor Nov. 10
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 10
Pleiades Seattle Nov. 10
Queen Seattle Nov. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria — Nov. 11
Tltanla Nanaimo Nov. 11
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 11
Grace Dollar.. Grays Harbor Nov. 12
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Nov. 13
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 13
J. S. Kimball. Seattle and Tacoma... Nov. 14
San Bias Panama &. Way Ports. Nov. 14
China China and Japan Nov. 16
G. W. Elder. .. Portland and Astoria. ¦ Nov. 16
TO SAIL.
Steamer. •. Destination. Sails. Pier. >
• • • November 7. '„¦
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Curacao Mexican P0rt5...... 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
. ¦ November :S. > .."-¦'• ¦
Empire....... Coos Bay .......... 4 pm Pier 13
Sesostris Hamburg & Way :. S.W.I
Pomona Humboldt .' 1:30 p Pier,. 9
Sequoia. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
San Jose Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
November 9. ,
Corona I.'. Newport & "Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena. Point Arena ...... 2pm Pier l
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
¦'-•V..-J,,. November 10. . .
Mandalay.... Coquille River V.: »:. Pier 2
Kuteka "... Humb01dt ";....:..:: 9 am Pier l:i
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
--•;• November 11.
laqua ........ Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt .... :.%..'.. 12 m Pier. 2
Newburg ..... Grays Harbor ....:. 5 pm Pier 2
¦ ¦ • . :• • November 12. -•¦ ¦¦.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. 8 pm Pier 8
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Sta, Barbara. Humb01dt ; .......... 10 am Pier 2
November 13. . ¦ ¦
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Rival ....... Willapa Harbor.... 5 pm Pier 2
November 14. : —.-'¦.;
Peru.....;:'...' Valparaiso & Way 12. m Pier 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier | 4
Ventura Sydney &-Way Pts. 2 pm Pier < 7
-¦¦¦•¦ ::,,. : November 15. : '
Alliance..'.... Portland & Coos B. 9 am Pier 3
Gr. Dollar... Grays Harbor...... spm Pier ¦ 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 7
Bertha Valdez & Kodiak Nov. 10
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 11
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. lb
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 15
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE! — The high and low waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 7.
Sun rises 6 1J
Sun seta 5:05
Moon rises 3:13 a. m.
¦ Time I Time Time Time
Date 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LW|HW L W H W
7... 2:15| 1.4 8:51 5.7 3:15 0.9 9:43 4.5
8 .. 2:55| 1.7) 9:28 5.81 3:54 0.5 10:35 4.5
9 .. 3:30| 2.01 10:00 5.8 4:31 0.2 11:21 4.5
10 .. 4:031 2.3| 10:29 5.81 5:05 0.0 .. . I ..
HW,LW H W L W
a.. 0:06 4.5 4:35 2.6 10:53 5.8 5:40-0 1
12 ..] 0:50 4.4 5:08 2.9 11:20 5.7 6:16-0 2
13 ...| 1:351 4.4 5:41 3.2 11:46 5.5 6:50—0.2
NOTE}— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides ot the
day In the order of occurrence as to time the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th<»
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are ln'ad
dltlon to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
Blven is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chant"' Exchange, San Francisco ' Cal
November 6. 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
P. m., Greenwich mean time
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant. IT. S. Navy, in Charge.
Wreck of the La Gironde.
The remains of the schooner La Gironda
are evidently not worth very much. Two
weeks ago she was deemed a good risk,
but since sho got on St. Francis Islan-1
and the wreckers took possession the
chances do not seem to be so good. The
vessel left San Pedro for this port last
week and went ashore on one of the isl
ands In the Santa Barbara channel dur
ing a dense iog. Captain and crew de
serted her, and in the meantime a crew
of wreckers took possession. Twice the
owners have tried to retake the vessel .
but failed, and yesterday she was sold at
public auction lor $125. The purchaser wan
H. B. Square, but as he is a stranger on
the front the general supposition is that
he represents the wrecking crew.
The "Risdon No. 3," the Risdon Iron
Works' new launch, had her trial on the
bay yesterday. She is fast and comfort
able and her "official" run should be a
success.
BIG
VALUES
TO-DAY.
APZ.r' WOMEN'S y EIDER DOWN
4OC DRESSING JACKETS— AII col-
ors and sizes; good value at 75c.
t)E/> CHILDREN S WHITE LAWN
ZUv APRONS, trimmed with embroid-
•.' cry; sizes 4 to 14 years; worth 60c.
QOr» WOMEN'S FLANNEL NIGHT
OX9 \J GOWNS, . trimmed with braid ;
sold elsewhere 75c.
(TO O£^ Tour choice of a small sample
tl>0»^0lot of ; TAFFETA SILK
. WAISTS, • made up in the new fall ¦ and
¦winter styles. Among these are waists
worth from $5 to $7 50. .
0/- BLACK SATEEN WAISTS—
O<JV Bishop sleeves; sizes 32 to 44; sold
at 75c.
APZf WOMEN'S CINDERELLA
IOW FLANNEL UNDERSKIRTS—
. Flounce trimmed with wide Torchon lace;
come in solid pink, blue and cream; reg-
ular, price 75c. • ?..,,.';.. ,-_'. *
A. ftr CHILDREN'S WHITE CAMBRIC
,lOt: DRESSES— Yoke, neck and
sleeves trimmed with fine embroidery and
hemstitching; goofl 75c value.
i)K r j CHILDREN'S ' : GRAY KNIT
ZOv SLEEPING GARMENTS; sizes 2
s to 8 years;; sold elsewhere 50c. -.
(CO ' •7'Sr CHILDREN'S LONG AITTO-
tp*«IO MOBILE COATS of fine Mel-
ton cloth in red, blue and tan; sizes 2 to
6 years; $3 50 value. ;
fl»1 -7R . CHILDREN'S AUTOMOBILE
. *•*** - ; JACKETS— AII colors ; sizes 4
/• to 12 years; regular price $2 75.
: To-day " only, will sell our regular 75c
v BLACK SATIN 14-TUCKED BELTS
with buckles of latest designs; A O/-.
on sale.. ...;... "rOw
We Close at 6 O'clock.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
'Between Taylor and Jones.
Hales. I Hales.
Fancy Japanese Basket' and an :¦ ,
Ounce Bottle of Perfume 12c
;:-: Here's some good news from the drug section. This little
basket in which bottle is put is itself worth 10c, so you see 12c
for the whole thing is very unusual.
Quite as important are those —
Good All-Bristle Hair Brushes. 25c— They have maple backs, light but strong.
8-inch Rubber Combs. 10c— coarse and fine teeth. They are extra heavy
_ common every-day size, but at an uncommon price.
Hudnut's Violet Almond Meal. 25e— It's the thing for all skin blemishes, as
_ well as an exquisite toilet article. Comes In glass jars with sprinkler tops.
tiH?V V i ol et-Sec Toilet Water. 75c a bottle— a refreshing toilet ar-
ticle for the bath. Comes In 4-oz. sprinkler-top bottles.
Shell Hair Combs
In Profusion.
There are so many of them — that's why we are able to
mark them so low. We bought more of them than we ever Jid
before, but we knew you'd buy more if you could get them
cheaper. . ' >v • f
Sid am^™ bS * lOc lnchea lon nicely curved to fit the head: in shell and
a %c^l?ri.?feif.ft iSSr flneaiiallty ' WUh dalnty broad qUII1 ' 4 tO 6
Sid s e h?n™r b dam ( Flne br ° ad ° UrVCd C ° mbl 5 InCheS - lon *' wlth heavy ** m >
Empire Combs. 25c— Our assortment in Empire combs is most interesting both
in design and quality; some have a broad- heavy quill- -others a-e designed In
dainty narrow quill. Other Empire combs at 50c 60c We V designed in
r il Sf?udrq?olfei°n^lr\VS f?u d rq?o1fei°n^lr\Vs Xq^ S on! £g?J S^gS o™'**0 ™'*** I**1 *** 1 * Pearl9 '
Shell Hair Pins, 9c a dozen.
They are three inches long, and made from the very best quality waved
and straight shell or amber. J
Six Free Lessons
In China Burning.
It's one of the strong features of our Art School on the second floor
We've got the best artist in the city to teach you — Mr. Samish. He devotes
an hour to each class.
If your taste runs in other lines, we've professional artists to teach you
—To Embroider —To Burn Leather
—To Do Lace Work —Or Make Paper Novelties
and the instruction will not cost you a cent. Don't let the opportunity pass.
It's a splendid chance to make Christmas gifts. • . .
A Full-Fledged Post Office
Is Here in Store.
At rear of main aisle. It's here for your convenience. Make full use of it.
Buy stamps or money orders, or mail your letters.
CHEYNEY DENIES
THE MARRIAGE
Claims He Is Not United
to Woman Who Is
Suing Him.
The trial of the suit for maintenance
instituted by Maud Cheyney against Sam
uel W. Cheyney was commenced before
Judge Sloss yesterday. Cheyney, who is
a well-known mining man and a member
of the Pacific Union Club, is contesting
the suit on the ground that the woman is
not his wife.
Mrs. Cheyney, who claims to have been
married in 18S5, gave her testimony yes
terday. She said that they had been liv
ing together as husband and wife until
March, 1896, when Cheyney married her.
She further testified that Cheyney showed
her a picture of a Philadelphia church and
told her of the Quaker marriage service.
Mrs. Cheyney, who was Maud Nevlll at
that time, claims that they were married
that day according to the Quaker rites,
which consisted of the uttering by each
of an agreement to love and cherish each
other and kneeling for a time In silent
prayer.
In support of her claim Mrs. Cheyney
introduced a letter purporting to have
been written by Cheyney to a Miss Poun
ing in which he asked the young lady to
"look out for his little wifey."
Cheyney's attorneys will try to prove
that he word "wifey " was written by an
other person, and though no direct charge
ot" forgery was made it was intimated
that a change had been made in the
wording of the letter to further the in
terests of Mrs. Cheyney.
Mrs. Cheyney occupied the witness
stand the entire day. Most of the time
was taken up in reading letters written
by her to Cheyney. These epistles showed
that she was very fond of the defend
ant. She styled him "My dear boy" in
every missive and always closed by pray
ing God to bless him and signing herself
"lovingly yours."
Several times during the examination
Mrs. Cheyney broke into tears and Chey
ney showed by his demeanor that he felt
ashamed of the position in which the cor
respondence placed him.
In the letters written by Mrs. Cheyney
she frequently referred to a desire to suf
fer anything rather than cause him
trouble and in one she wrote: "I believe in
the forgiving, loving, pitying God, who
will see that my burden is too heavy for
me and will give me rest."
Many of the letters were written from
Los Gatos, where the plaintiff spent a
great deal of time, and were addressed to
Cheyney to several towns in California
and Arizona. Most of these missives were
written apparently in answer to let
ters sent to her by Cheyney, in which he
had evidently reproached her for show
ing her regard for .him. In one of the let
ters she wrote: "I am satisfied that a
few months more of your teaching shall
make me a perfect model of coldness."
The case was continued until next week.
Water-Front Notes.
The schooner W. F. Jewett nearly went
on the beach yesterday morning. The
tide carried her in toward Lime Point,
but the big Sea Queen came along and
towed her to safety.
George P. Taylor of the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company is home from Nome.
He says that "half has not been told" of
the richness of the new gold diggings.
There was trouble on the transport
Grant yesterday. The men were given
two hours in which to vote, but failed to
show up when their time expired. The
result was that all of them were dis
charged for failing to report for duty. The
men say they have a grievance. The mate
says "discipline is discipline and I'll run
my ship, election or no election.''
The Empereur Menelik goes on the
Spear street dock to-day.
Work on the new Hunters Point dry
dock is being rushed. One-third of the
concrete is in place aud the engine house
is completed. The old dock is being han
dled with the new machinery and oil is
now doing what coal did a year ago.
Among the vessels expected to-day are
the Hongkong Maru from the Orient with
a crowd of excursionists and the Algoa
from Hongkong with 10,000 tons of
freight.
Doctors Seek Appointment.
The following medical men are appli
cants for the position of Lunacy Commis
sioner made vacant by the death of Dr
Windele: Drs. Osborne, Magulre, Winter
mute. Davidson. Miller, McGettlgan.
Hughes, Stephens. Rottanzl and Regens
berger. The appointment will be mads
Friday by the Superior Judges.
Craig Estate Appraised.
The estate of William B. Craig has been
appraised at 936.752. In the report of the
appraisers filed yesterday they valued the
real estate left by Craig at $34,000 and re
ported cash in banks amounting to $2752.
Mme.L. Pilger. designer & maker of street
& evening gowns. 8 Jte*rny 3t., upstairs.*
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY—FRIDAY— SATURDAY
ITS THE EASIEST FEAT IN THE
WORLD TO MAKE COFFEE IN OUR
FAMOUS "IDEAL" COFFEE POT
FAILURE NEVER RESULTS WHEN
HAMS, per !fi.~ m
BUTTER, square .../.45c
Choice creamery.
WHITE FIGS, 15... 5c
ReTular'y^* **"• «¦*
CHEESE s . a r,ai? tin 20c
A fresh shipment Just arrived— very dainty
RAISINS, 3 lbs 25c
Choice new cluster table Raisins.
Regularly :3c » pound "*»»'"•
ITALIAN VERMOUTH, b0t.... 50c
Martini & Rossi. Regularly »c '
BRANDY, b0t........ ..'.... 75c
10 years old o«ii«»« •* ru»
LEMONS, doz |5c
The very choicest. Regularly* tSc.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED—
LOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN SS22. : ¦/
EVERY WINE6LASSRJL OF A
*• IS A DOSE OF
VIGOR AND HEALTH.
At Druggists throughout the World. >
STRENGTHEN WEAK EYES.
fled with the glasses ydu
S^^g^Sj^S? made for me. I suffered
for a number of year,
~\f i _^T^ JT. JT wtt k w eak eyet and
headache; but since 1
v%355"- r JSS^s s wore your glasses all
< »ii» "train ha» been relieved
V//'/ll\vV\ from my eyes, *»»<* I can
-¦»*»» v >. read for hours without
¦ feeling tired. Tours sincerely.
WM. M'CLINTOCK, 825 Minna St.. city.
Mayer le's classes strengthen the . eye and
brain. German Eyewater, 50c. Georxe May-
erle, German expert optician. 1071% Market ist
near Seventh. Cut this out. Look for May-
erle's trademark.
STERLING DENTAL CcJ?
HIGH CLASS DENTISTRY.
taa^VPMCTg Painless Extraction.
oS* %#9 C pown and Bridge Work*
EMI /i i£sk Plates With Cup *
0 Painless Extraction.
Crown and Bridge Woric.
Plate* With C«p
PBV J»MTa chamber
An Guaranteed a Perfect Fit. '
07 MarlfOt Corner Sixth. ¦
391 mdIRCI) Over Millinery Store,
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S grcatJ
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
M vB * 51 JU2XIT "•" • tat J:i«7tk, 3.7 a: . d
v. Tl> s La^«' An »«°»'cal Museum in the \
a? mA^ world. Weaknesses or any contracted A
1 Seal 1^!
• fTsUttl ea » l»«ol »«o« >eCoatt. Kit 36 years. «
6 |S Zi DI? * JORDA "-°'SEASES OF MEN A
A f mM/3 _ Consultation free and tnictw BfiT»rc \
# I I&TLM Il«" tlnent personally " by letter. A i
it I \\W _ Wr >tefor Book, r BILOMOPBY mt A
\• • I I ¦A»miA«Bj. MAILED rams. *\¥
A & I* »*luable book for nwo) | Jl* \
W I>B- JOBD.t.I * CO.. 1061 Market St. IS^ V