VOLUME Xd.-NO 30.
GREAT BRITAIN AND AMERICA PLAN
TO SETTLE ALL BOUNDARY DISPUTES
COLONEL DUDLEY EVANS TO BE NEXT
PRESIDENT OF WELLS, FARGO & CO.,
WITH MAIN OFFICE IN NEW YORK
Present Manages of Great Corporation's Eastern Department,
Backed by the Influence of H. E. Huntihgton, Will Succeed the
Late J. J. Valentine and Headquarters Will Be Removed
EB speculation as to the successor
jl cf tie late John J. Valentine as
II president of "Wells, Fargo & Co.
*^ was ended yesterday wltli tli© au
thoritative announcement that at
the taeetlng of th« directors, to be held
to-day or to-morrow. Second Vice Presi
dent Dudley Evans of New York would
be chosen the future head of the great
express conoern.
Another and equally Important an
sounceznent was also made that within a
' few months the head offices of the com
pany would be removed to Xew York at
V 2Q request of Evans, who, although he
'expresses himself as well pleased with
the climate of California, is not particu
larly desirous of severing frlendshipa_at
the East in order to accept the presi
dency cf too company and make San
Francisco his future home. As the de
sires of the Incoming president will be
respected by the directors, all of whom
hold Evans In high esteem, it is more
t^n likely that his wish in this regard
will be granted.
The news of Uudley Evans' selection
to be the next president of the company
will be a surprise to the hundreds of em
ployes who had been quietly informed
that the choice of the honor lay between
Colonel George E. Gray and Homer S.
King. The name of Evans was men
tioned, but it was believed that he would
be promoted to be first vice president
only. The recent arrival of Evans from
New Tork and the active part he has
since taken in Wells, Fargo & Co.'s af
fairs caused some comment among those
■who predicted the selection to the presi
dency of either Gray or King. It was
sincerely hoped by the employes In line
for promotion that one or the other of
the gentlemen named would capture the
honor, for that meant advancements all
along the line. While the promotion of
Evans to the presidency necessarily
means promotion for many, these will not
now be so numerous. "What effect the
removal of the main offices of the com
pany to New Tork ■will have no one seems
able to say with any degree of certainly.
Evans Backed by Huntington.
Second Vice President Evans came to
this city with the indorsement of H. E.
Huntlngton and John J. McCook for the
presidency. "While many of the directors
thought that the honor should go to Colo
nel Gray, whose services as first vice
president had given eminent satisfaction
to all concerned, the Huntlngton influence
items to have been strong enough to con
vir.ee the majority of the board that
Evans was the man for the place. It
leaked out yesterday that Huntington had
written personal letters t.o several of his
fellow directors requesting them to sup
port Evans for the honor. Neither Hunt
ington nor McCook will be present at the
meeting of the board, but it is said their
proxies have been sent on and that they
will be voted in Evans' interest. There
will be six directors at the meeting. They
are Colonel George E. Gray, Homer S.
King, Captain John Bermingham. Captain
Oliver Eldrldg-e~An*lrew~Christeson and
Dudley Evans. A successor to Valentine
on the board of directors must be selected
before the election for president Is en
tered upon. The name of the man slated
for director has not yet been made pub
lic.
Second Vice President Evans left the
city on a business trip a few days ago
and returned Saturday night. Yesterday
morning he breakfasted with Solomon D.
Brastow, superintendent of the Western
<Mvi£ion of Wells, Fargo & Co., and Ra
phael Welll. The gentlemen were togeth
er for more than an hour and later in the
day Evar.s was in consultation with offi
cials of the company. In view of the fact
that the board of directors Is about to
meet, these consultations on the eve of
the gathering were regarded as being
most significant.
BELIEVE THEY
HAVE THE BODY
OF FLEISHMAN
Police of Pullman, 111., Say
Suicide Answers the
Fugitive Cashier's
Description.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK. Dec. 29^— The World has
the following from Chicago: The Pullman
police believe the body of a man with his
throat cut, found last week, Is that of
Henry J. Fleishmann, the missing Los
Angelas bank cashier. He disappeared on
December 7. leaving a shortage in his ac
counts to the extent of more than $100,000.
Detectives who have examined the body
say 5t answers the description of Meish
fAnn. Br-:-ide the body a razor was found,
he man had made every effort to destroy
_il means by which his Identity could be
fixed. The name "Hastings Clothing
Company." however, was stamped on the
buttons of his trousers and the police
have found that such a firm is In business
in San Francisco*
The body of the suicide was found
The San Francisco Call.
WELL-KNOWN MANAGER OF THE NEW YORK BRANCH OF WELLS,
FARGO & CO.. ■WHO WILL SUCCEED THE LATE JOHN J. VALEN
TINE AS PRESIDENT OF THAT CORPORATION.
That the confidence of the directors In
Evans will not be misplaced by promot
ing him to the responsible position of
president of the company is evidenced by
his sterling qualities as man and official,
so often displayed In his management of
the New York office. Colonel Evans'
career has been one of extreme activity
and brilliant achievements. He was born
near Morgantown, Monongahela County,
Va.. now "West Virginia, January 27, 1S3S.
He is descended from an old Welsh fam
ily, his great-great-grandfather having
been one of three brothers who settled
in Philadelphia in 1720. His forbears took
an active part in the colonial wars and in
the war of the Revolution. His grand
father, Dudley Evans, was a colonel un
der General Harrison in the war of 1812,
and while In command of a regiment of
Virginia militia was stationed at Fort
Meigs.
The youthful days of Evans were spent
on the farm. At the age of 15 he attend
ed the Monongahela" Academy, where he
was prepared for college. He subsequent
ly entered the junior class at Washington
College. Pennsylvania, and graduated in
1859. A. few months later he went to
Louisiana, where he resided at the out
break of the Rebellion. Having an inclina
tion for more stirring action he returned
to Virginia, and on his arrival at Beverly
he fell in with the Confederate troops in
camp near that place ahd remained there
until the battle of Rich Mountain. He
subsequently Joined the Confederate army
at Manassas, under the command of Gen
erals Beauregard and Johnston. After the
battle of Seven Pines he was commis
sioned a captain in the Virginia State
troops, which were subsequently turned
over to the Confederate army.
Brilliant Record as Soldier.
In the fall of 1862 he was taken prisoner
WATERSPOUT
BURSTS OVER
MOROCCO CITY
Two Hundred Persons Perish
in Succeeding Flood and
Enormous Damage
Is Done..
TANGIERS, Morocco, Dec. 29.— A water
spout burst over the city of Saffe, Mo
rocco. It inundated the lower part of the
town for twelve hours, sweeping every
thing into the sea. Two hundred persons
are reported to have been drowned. There
are no Europeans among the dead. The
damage to Saffe is enormous.
Saffe is a fortified seaport city of Mo
rocco. It has a population of. 12,000, In
cluding about 3000 Jews. It is inclosed by
massive walls and has a palace and a
small fort.
early Monday morning on the street at
One Hundred and Fifteenth street and
Watt avenue by two teamsters. : The
throat was cut and a razor lay near by. ■-
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1901.
and sent to Camp Chase, Ohio, and then
transferred to Vlcksburg, where he was
subsequently exchanged. Military honors
now crowded upon him. In the spring of
1863 he was elected a lieutenant colonel
in the Confederate cavalry and in that
capacity took part in all the battles in
the valley of Virginia in 1863-61. His bril
liant record as a soldier, together with his
popularity as a man and comrade In
I arms, prompted the soldiers to elect him
to the Legislature of Virginia, and the
winter of 1804-65 he spent at Richmond.
At the close of the war he came to Cali
fornia with the Intention of practicing
law, but on account of his political ante
cedents he was debarred by statutory en
actment. He thereupon sought and ob
tained an appointment with Wells, Fargo
• & Co. and was ordered to Victoria, B. C,
where he remained till 1871, when he was
appointed agent at Portland, Or.
While serving at Portland Colonel
Evans acted as supervising agent for
Oregon and Washington Territory. Later
he was made superintendent of the north
western division. In 1888 he was trans
ferred to Omaha, Nebr., and in the same
year he was made general superintendent
of the central department. On December
1, 1891, he was sent to New York to take
-charge of the Atlantic department, and
since that date he has continued as man
ager. On August 11, 1892, he was elected
one of the board of directors and made
second vice president of the company,
which position he filled with signal suc
cess ever since.
Personally, Colonel Evans Is an affable
gentleman. His popularity among his as
sociates is unbounded, and the news of
his forthcoming elevation to the presi
dency of the concern with which he has
so long been identified will be received
with pleasure by all with whom he has
been in any way associated.
SHERIFF'S GUN
ENDS THE LIFE
OF A HATFIELD
Member of a Family Notorious
in Kentucky Because of
a Deadly Feud Is
Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- ■ ■ »■
GLOBE, Ariz:, Dec. 29.— Robert H. Hat
field, one of the last of the notorious
Kentucky clan, was shot and killed Tues
day at the Troy mining camp in the Pinal
Mountains. His slayer was Deputy Sheriff
Devine, who bore a warrant for Hat
field' arrest on a charge of wife-beating.
Hatfield was of a notoriously ugly dis
position, so the officer, to avoid trouble,
sent a. friend to ask him . to surrender
quietly. Hatfield returned word that he
would kill any man who tried to take him.
Devine met Hatfleld outside his home.
Devine fired two shots over his head in an
Ineffectual effort to make the fellow un
derstand his danger and then shot to kill.
» ■ ..■-■-
TWO NATIONS
WISH TO END
Pauncefote and Hay to
Adjust Remaining
Differences.
Will Afterward Submit Their
Agreement to a High -
Commission.
Hope by This Means to End Long
standing Quarrel Over the Fron
tiers of Canada and the
United States.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— It is expected
that efforts will be renewed before long
for the settlement of the numerous con
troversies which have long' existed be
tween the United States and Great Brit
ain growing out of relations along the
Canadian border, the Atlantic fisheries,
warships on the great lakes, the Alaskan
boundary and other questions. Hereto
fore the negotiations .designed to bring
about settlements have not proved ef-
fective, largely because of the cumber
some machinery of the proceedings, and
this has led to a belief that much more
could be accomplished by direct negotia
tions between Secretary Hay and Lord
Pauncefote on the main points and the
subsequent assembling, of a commission
representing the United States, Great
Britain and Canada to give form to the
basis of agreement rendered.
• The British authorities have expected
for some , time that .when the isthmian
canal treaty was once disposed of there
would be a renewal of the efforts to ad
just the Alaskan boundary and other
pending questions, the canal treaty being
regarded as one of many pending issues.
Now that the British Government has
yielded the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and
other points in the Isthmian negotiations
it desires to take up some of the other
questions In which it has important inter
ests involved. Lord Pauncefote desires
to clear up all pending differences and
have "a clean slate" before his present
term as Embassador comes to a close.
Only One Issue Remains Unsolved.
When Lord Pauncefote came to Wash
ington there were four great issues be
tween the two Governments. The flrs^ of
these was the Bering Sea controversy,
which had reached an acute stage. Diplo
macy disposed of this issue. The second
was over Venezuela, which, like the seal
question, at one time threatened war. But
the efforts of diplomacy were again suc
cessful in averting trouble and bringing
about a settlement. The third important
issue waa the isthmian canal, which has
been satisfactorily disposed of by the re
cent Hay-Pauncefote treaty.
This leaves only one issue standing out
against "a clean slate," namely, the
border controversies, both as to Canada
and Alaska. The British officials link
these various boundary controversies to
gether, as they are more or less connect
ed. At present a modus vivendi exists as
to the Alaskan boundary, chiefly for the
purpose of avoiding a clash along the bor
der and holding each side in check until
a final boundary is determined upon. It
seems to be conceded on both sides that
the modus vivendi cannot be • carried on
Indefinitely ! and that sooner or later the
main question of establishing a permanent
boundary must be settled. Lord Lans
downe's desire to take . up the question
was expressed clearly in his note to Secre
tary Hay last spring, when the British
Government declined to accept the Senate
amendment to the first Hay-Pauncefote
treaty.
Lord Lansdowne's Attitude.
Recently Lord Lansdowne again has ex
pressed in speeches the need of taking up
the Alaskan boundary question. These
declarations by the head of the British
foreign service, together with the well
known wish of Lord Pauncefote to clear
away all pending differences between the
two countries, doubtless will lead to the
formal exchanges necessary to an adjust
ment.
Just what steps will be adopted are not
disclosed, but It seems likely that direct
negotiations and the subsequent assem
bling of a commision will commend itself
to the parties concerned as .the most feas
ible procedure.
The border, issues outside of that re
lating to Alaska are those which have
long existed and have created more or
less friction. The Joint High Commission
which assembled some time ago practical
ly disposed of these, lesser Issues, but the
deadlock on Alaska prevented a treaty cov
ering these and other points of agreement.
With the disposal of the Alaskan bound
ary, therefore, it is' felt that the way
would be • clear to dispose of the other
controversies. •."•.'. , ■ •
The reciprocity question, which is
among; those formerly considered, is not
likely to be taken up in this connection,
as Canada desires to make it the subject
of separate negotiation. The Atlantic fish
eries question also may be the subject of
separate negotiation*.
GOVERNORS OF THE NORTHWESTERN
STATES GATHER TO DEVISE MEANS
TO CHECK THE RAILWAY MERGER
Result of the Conference to Begin in Helena To-Day May Be an
Appeal to the United States Supreme Court for a Perpetual
Injunction Preventing the Consolidation of Three Systems
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 29.— The
trust power of the United States
has never before met such deter
mined and formidable political
opposition as that which will ma
terialize In this city to-morrow in the con
vening of the Governors of at least four
of the Northwestern States, who are
called together by Governor S. R. Van
Sant of Minnesota to devis^ ways and
means to prevent the control of three
great transcontinental railroads — the Bur
lington, the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern— passing into the hands
of the recently organized Northern Secu
rities Company of New York.
In spite of the recent statement of J. J.'
Hill, calculated to allay the fears of the
people of .the Northwest and persuade
them that the development of this vast
territory - is not threatened by the pro
posed merger of these lines', all of the
public men of the various States most
vitally interested look with ' Increasing
concern upon the formation and plans of
this gigantic combination of money Inter
ests for the control of traffic interests
from the Mississippi to Puget Sound.
Array of Legal Talent.
Political economists and statesmen
everywhere will watch with interest the
progress of the battle royal between capi
tal and commonwealths. No one knows
just how long this conference will last,
what methods it will pursue nor how any
action decided upon will be jointly prose
cuted. The various Governors will come
accompanied by the Attorney Generals of
their various States, and that such an ar
ray of legal talent is gathered for the one
purpose proves significant and important
of itself.
CHINESE OFFICIALS DINE
WITH AMERICAN LADIES
For the First Time Mongolian Aris
tocrats Meet "Women on. Terms
of Equality. ";,* ;*' ;f. : :
PEKING, Dec. 29.— A sensation has been
caused in Chinese official circles by a din
ner given at his residence by United
States Minister Conger and which was at
tended by the leading officials of the Chi
nese Foreign Office. Among those present
were Ma Tung, a former Boxer leader,
and Wang Wen Shao, one of the Chinese
plenipotentiaries. The dinner was attend
ed*by several American ladies.
It was formerly the custom for prom
inent Chinese officials never to enter a
foreign; legation except on the most for
mal^ occasions, while the meeting of for
eign ladies soclallj&would have been con
sidered as degrading as would associating
with Chinese women upon the same foot-
Ing.
This event Is significant of the progres
sive tendency, of to-day, which has recent
ly been manifested in many ways •
GOVERNORS OF FOUR NORTHWESTERN STATES, THREE OF WHOM
WILL ATTEND HELENA CONFERENCE. IN WHICH THE FOURTH
HAS AT THE LAST MOMENT REFUSED TO PARTICIPATE.
None of the Governors nor their Attor
ney Generals have yet reached Helena.
Governor J. K. Toole informed The Call
this afternoon that undoubtedly Governor
Van Sant of Minnesota, Governor Herried
of South Dakota and Governor Hunt of
Idaho will arrive at 10:30 o'clock to-mor
row morning. The recent death of Gov
ernor Rogers of Washington makes it un
certain whether that State will be repre
sented at the conference by other than
Attorney General W. S. Stratum, who will
surely be here. If arrangements for the
funeral of the late Governor permit his
successor. Governor McBrlde, probably
will be here. j
WILL BRING HES- BODY
HOME FOR INTERMENT
Mrs. J. A. Fithian of Santa Barbara
Succumbs to an Attack of Apo
plexy in Paris.
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS, Dec. 29.— Mrs. J. A. Fithian of
Santa Barbara died to-day at her apart
ments, 61 Rue Scheffer. She was stricken
with apoplexy Christmas night Just as
she was retiring. She remained uncon
scious for many hours and passed away
this morning at 6:15 o'clock. She was the
widow of J. A.. Fithian and had lived in
Paris many years. She leaves two daugh
ters, Mrs. Chester Alan Arthur and Com
tesse Arthur de Gabriac, and two sons,
Barrett and Joel R. Fithian.
The funeral services will be held in her
apartments Tuesday. The body will be
taken to California for Interment.
Seamans Pails to Rally.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 29.— The condi
tion of Adjutant General Seamans of
California, who has been ill here for sev
eral - weeks, has been very critical to
night. | He fails to respond to the medi
cines given him.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The hour of the conference will be at 3
o'clock to-morrow afternoon. The Ses
sions probably will be secret, at least un
til some definite course of action is agreed
upon or the Governors decide that they
desire to take joint action at all.
This afternoon Governor Toole refused
to make any statement as to his view3 of
the forthcoming conference or its proba
ble procedure. He declared that Governor
Van Sant was the inspiring genius of the
• movement and in his hands all arrange
ments had been left.
Montana- Laws Forbid Merger.
Governor Toole and Attorney General
Donovan 'of this State have spent Ions
hours in conference since the question of
the railroad merger has come up, and
have decided beyond a doubt that the
Montana statutes forbid the existence and
operation of such a corporation within the
borders of the State.
It Is firmly believed here that the result
of the conference •will be an appeal to the
United States Supreme Court for a perpet
ual injunction restraining the Northern
Securities Company from assuming con
trol of or acquiring any interest In the
three railroad companies.
A late dispatch from St. Paul to-night
says that Governor White of North Da
kota- refuses at the last moment to take
part in the conference, although last
month he assured Governor Van Sant of
his hearty co-operation. The powerful In
fluence of J. J. Hill, president of the Great
Northern, is seen in this, and It 13 regard
ed as a great victory for, Hill.
BOERS GIVE FREEDOM
TO BRITISH CAPTIVES
Prisoners Taken In the Zeefontein
Affair Are Permitted to Return
to Bethlehem.
LONDON, Dec. 29.— The War Office has
received a dispatch from Lord Kitchener,
dated Johannesburg, saying that the
British prisoners captured when the Boers
successfully rushed Colonel Firman'a
camp at Zeefontein December 24. have
been liberated and have returned to Beth
lehem.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Dec. 29.— Two thou
sand persons attended a pro-Boer meet-
Ing here to-day and resolutions urging
England to invite the President of the
United States and the ruler of Denmark
to act as arbitrators in the settlement of
the war were adopted. The resolutions
were cabled to London. Addresses were
made by David Overmeyer, General J. K.
Hudson and others.
Aspires to Presidency of Peru.
LJMA, Peru, Dec. 29.— It can be said
upon reliable Information that the presi
dent of the Peruvian Senate. Manuel Can
damo, will be a "candidate for. the Presi
dency in the next election.2
EUROPE WILL FOLLOW
THE LEAD OF GERMANY
Claims Against South American Republics to
Be Pressed in Accordance With Prece
dent Established in Venezuelan Affair
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Dec 29.—
Following a forcible collection by
Germany of claims held by her
subjects against Venezuela,
i ranee, Great Britain and perhaps other
countries probably will take similar ac
tion. Even war between Germany and
Venezuela is not considered, improbable.
\ precedent of the greatest importance
has been already established in the Ger
man-Venezuelan dispute and it will serve
as a basis for European collections of
claims in other countries of Central and
South America.
Intangible as the Monroe doctrine had
been before German representations had
developed the attitude of the United
States, there was no indisposition on the
part of the powers to go further than dip
lomatic representations, or even the,
severance of diplomatic relations, to ob
tain from American republics compensa
tion for injuries suffered by the persons
and property of their subjects. The oc
cupation of the Nicaraguan port of Cor
into by British marines and the action pf
Italy in compelling Colombia to satisfy
the "award of the President of the United
States in the matter of the Cerruti claims
have been referred to as precedents for
German procedure.
Stretching the Monroe Doctrine.
These incidents are not on a par with
the proposed action of Germany. The
seizure of Corinto grew out of indignities
suffered by the British Vice Consul at
Bluefieids and some twenty other British
subjects, residing in the Mosquito reser
vation, and the affairs in that reservation
were at the time a matter of negotiation
between the United States and Great Brit
ain, as well as between Nicaragua and
Great Britain.
The Italian demonstration in Colombian
waters was to obtain the payment of the
award of President Cleveland.
The Vnlted States has had no connection
whatever with the German claims. They
have developed as a result of injuries and
damages suffered by the persons and
property of German subjects and by the
default of Venezuela of its Interest on a
railroad loan granted her by German capi
talists.
Other nations have similar claims
against Venezuela and the'- and Germany
as well hold claims against other Central
and South American countries. So the in
tended action of Germany is of the high
est importance to the nations of the Xew
and Old World.
Other Nations Intend to Act.
Secretary Hay has had ample evidence
cf this fact. All of the representatives of
the great nations have made inquiries of
the Secretary as to the nurposes of the
Kaiser and of the policy of the United
States and the natural inference is that
their governments contemplate pursuing a
?olicy identical with tnat of Germany.
France holds heavy claims against Ven
ezuela. Great Britain also has large
claims. One of the questions over which
the authorities are pondering is: ''Will
France and Great Britain, immediately
after Germany obtains the money Ven
ezuela owes her subjects, inform the
Caracas Government that they want their
claims paid and that they will use force
if the money be not immediately forth
coming?"
Fortunately for the g'ood relations which
exist between the United States and Ger
many, the latter Government has made no
concealment of its plans. In view of Ger
many's purpose not to acquire Venezuelan
territory, it is said thnt the United States,
by virtue of its own declaration, can have
OHIO FACTIONAL
FIGHT SPREADING
Involves All Elements
of the Republican
Party.
CINCINNATI. Dec. 29.— The contest at
Columbus this week between the follow
ers cf Senator Foraker and Senator Han
na over the organization of the Legisla
ture has extended to factional' circles
elsewhere in the State. While the mem
bers of the Legislature and candidates
are fighting in Columbus, the principals
are kept Lusy at long-distance telephones
— notablv Senator Foraker and George B.
Cox, in Cincinnati; Senator Hanna, in
"Washington; Congressman Dick, chair
man of the State executive committee,
and other Republican leaders.
Senator Fcraker is being visited here by
many leaders and members of the Legis
ture. To-day he made the following state
ment:
•Tha story published from New York
that 1 spoke to the President in a derog
atory manner of Senator Hanna and that
thu President communicated the same to
Senator Hanna. and told him to be on his
guard lest he have trouble to maintain
Bis leadership in Ohio uolitics, is an un
qualified falsehood from beginning to end.
I never had any such talk with the Presi
dent, and it is not creditable to him to
suppose that he would have told it to
Senator Hanna if I had. This story is but
a s;ample of many others appearing in
the newspapers and being peddled about
from mouth to mouth lor mischievous
purposes." »
kftoet of the Republican members this
year are serving their ftrst term, and, ac
cording to precedent, they are expected
to be members of the next Legislature
which trin select Senator Hanr.a's suc
cessor two years hence. While there is
DO opposition to the re-election at Sena
tor Foraker two weeks hence, it is as
serted that there Is an organized move
ment to defeat Senator Hanna In 1904.
As the presiding officers in tho appoint
ment of the committees and other func
tions have great influence the friends of
both Senators are socking to control those
positions as well as all other offices, in
cluding the clerkship?, sergeant at arms,
etc.
The Hanna men aclmit that there is "a
conspiracy to retire Hanna." In former
years there Were contents between the
Sherman and the Foraker factions and
later between the McKInlcy and the For
aker factions, but none of the former
factional fights approached the present
contest in general interest. There will be
separate Foraker and Hanna tickets, sub
ject to the Senate ami House caucuses of
the Republican member?, at 4 o'clock next
Saturday afternoon. Charles L. Kurtz,
formerly secretary to Senator Foraker as
Governor and later chairman of the State
committee, leads the anti-Hanna forces,
and John P. Malloy, the present secretary
of the State committee and State Oil In
spector under Governor Nash, leads the
Hanna forces. Both sides claim "a sure
thing" and these claims and counter
claims are expected to continue during
the week.
The Democratic minority presents a
scene of harmony. Colonel James Kil
bourne, recently the Democratic candi
date for Governor, yesterday notified the
members from his county not to present
his name to the Democratic joint caucus
for their nomination for United States
Senator. This leaves Charles W. Baker
of Cincinnati without opposition for the
Democratic Senatorial nomination.
Peavey Will Recover.
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— Frank H. Peavey,
the Minneapolis elevator man, who has
been critically ill here for several days
with pneumonia, is much improved. The
turn for the better came this morning and
to-night the physicians have confidence
in his recovery.
Names Veterinary Inspectors.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Dec. 29.— The Do
minion Government has appointed Veter
inary Inspectors for shipping ports be
tween the United States* and Canada un
der a recent agreement . between the
two coantrUs
nothing to say about the German method
of procedure. *
It is believed in diplomatic circles here
that the visit of the Minister of Germany
to the warship Vineta at La Guayra yes
terday was for the purpose of consulting
with the naval commander as to the steps
to be taken to collect the money necessary
to satisfy the claims.
ItEFTTBIrlCS EAGER FOB, WAR
Little Hope of Peace Between Argen
tina and Chile.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— As a result
of the withdrawal by Argentina of her
assent to the protocol signed by her Min
ister to Chile war between the two South
American republics is considered inevit- 1
able. Senor Infanta, the Chilean Charge
d' Affaires, received a dispatch to-day
from his Government announcing that
there had been no formal withdrawal by
Argentina from the protocol. The Ar
gentine Minister had verbally requested
that hei be permitted to withdraw his sig
nature.' Chile has apparently not given
her consent to this request, but whether
she does or not Argentina will undoubt
edly refuse to observe the provisions of
the protocol. While anxious for peace it
is said Chile feels that she has sroneas
lar as her honor permits, and it is hoped
that the good sense of the Argentine peo
fcle will cause them to respect the agree
ment which their Government accepted.
Argentina has made no communication
to Minister Garcia Merou respecting her
action in refusing- to give ratification to
the protocol signed by her representa
tive. The situation in Argentina is lik
ened to that which existed in the United
States before the war with Spain, when
the President was. forced to obey the war
sentiment of the people. Argentina feels
that some day she will have war with
Chile and she desires to have it now,
when she is strong and feels that she
will be able to conquer her foe.
MEWBOZA STOW A FUGITIVE.
Venezuelan Revolutionist Is Fleeing
to the Mountains.
CARACAS. Dec. 29. — General Luciano
Mendoza, President-elect of the State of
Carabobo, who rebelled against President
Castco, marched on La Victoria and was
said to have been defeated, and who "was
later reported ' to have escaped to the
neighborhood of San Juan de las Moros,
is now said to have reached Villa de Cura,
in the State of Miranda, where he was
routed by the Government troops.
In company with a small number of fol
lowers he escaped and reached La Puerto,
■where he was again overtaken and de
feated. Accompanied by only forty men,
General Mendoza passed Ortiz, in the
State of Guarico, on December 24. He
was proceeding in the direction of the
mountains, considered to be almost inac
cessible.
Colombian Troops Go to Front.
COLON, Colombia, Dec. 29.— The Colom
bian gunboat Boyaca left Panama early
this morning, carrying troops to re-en
force General Castro in the interior. The
Colombian gunboat General Pinzon is ex
pected here shortly with 500 men from
Barranquilla. She will return immedi
ately to bring more men from that port.
General Carlos Alban is confident that the
Colombian Government is able to defeat
the revolutionists, notwithstanding the
help he alleges they have received from
Salvador.
ROYAL WELCOME
FOR THE COURT
Chinese Emperor Will
Receive Do-wager
Empress.!
PEKING, Dec. 29.— A party of Manchu
Princes, including Prince Su, collector of
taxes on goods entering Peking, started
en Saturday to meet the Chinese court.
Prince Su Intends to prove his claim to
be sent as an envoy to Great Britain
upon the occasion cf the coronation of
King Edward.
The Dowager Empress is making vig
orous efforts to assert herself before the
Chinese populace, with a view of renew
ing the prestige lost by her during the
lat,t few years.
The programme for the court's return
to Peking provides that the Emperor
shall precede the Dowager Empress to
this city in order that he may be enabled
to meet the Dowager Empress with great
honors at the station when she arrives
The Ministers of the foreign powers in
Poking have agreed that when the Chi
nese court returns here if they are mere
ly Invited tr» dirve with the Tsung li
Vamen as heretofore, Instead of with the
Chinese Emperor In the palace, as was
recently stipulated, they will refuse the
invitation.
a wo thousand additional Chinese
troops entered Peking last Friday. The
Austrians have planted two large guns
upon the fortifications surrounding their
jegaticn. The oiher foreign legations
Keep their guns concealed
Although the British are supplied with
artillery and the Germans can occasion
al^ be seen drilling on their glacis with
fi?lo and rapJd-fire guns, the Americans
who hold the crucial position at the
Cham-Men gate, arc not supplied with
artillery. With (he approval of Ameri
can Mmistf r Conger Major Robertson of
the Ninth Infantry, commanding tha lf
gc.tion guard, applied to the War Depart
ment for two guns. This application w'as
refused, because when the department
consulted with 2Ir. Rockhill, special
<:f.mmis«Ior.er of the United States here
the latter replied that artillery was not
needed and that its presence would be
harmful.
At Newctang the Russians have se
cured control of the telegraph < cables
This aet'on on the part of Rupsia. "ia
causing Oieptites between the country
and tho foreign Consuls at Newchang.
Colored Citizens Celebrate.
Colored citizens cf the city met last
evening in larse number at the A. M.
E. Zion Church, Stockton street, to cele
brate with prayer and song the thirtv
elgiith anniversary of the "emancipation
proclamation."
Those on the list of speakers were Colo
nel Henry Weinstock, Rev. G. W. Younsr
John L. Derrik and the Rev. T. Brown'
the pastor of Zion Church.
In speaking of the progress of the race
from an intellectual, financial and relig
ious point of view the Rev. Mr. Brown re
minded his hearers that the negroes at
the time of emancipation were, as a mass
entirely ignorant of the great principles
of culture, refinement and the funda
mental rules of arithmetic, but to-dav
they had fifty colleges, their schools of
learning dotting the whole of the 1 South,
which was great encouragement to the
friends of the race, who were now realiz
ing that, though at great cost, their ef
forts had not been in vain. He submitted
that 180,000 colored men eagerly engaged
on the battlefield alongside their white
brothers made the Declaration of Inde
pendence by Thomas Jefferson a livint
fact. He paid tribute to Booker Washing
ton, Professors Cornicel, Bowen, WrlehT
Suggs, Scarborough, Goler and other rol
ored men identified with educational work
and mercantile progress.
Will "Blake an American Tour.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Madame Lillian
Blauvelt. the concert singer, arrived to
day from Europe on the St. Paul, she
will open her American tour at Carnegie
Hall January 9, and then for two months
will sing In the principal cities of the
country, going west as far as Denver.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1901.
MILLIONAIRE SEEKING
ELECTION TO CONGRESS
NEW YORK MILLIONAIRE WHO HAS WON IN AN EXCITING CON
TEST AGAINST "BOSS" RICHARD CROKER FOR THE CONGRES
SIONAL NOMINATION IN THE SEVENTH DISTRICT.
MURDER MYSTERY
SLOWLY CLEARS
Salt Lake Police Find
Pistol Where Hay
Was Slain.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 29.^-With the finding
of a 38-caliber revolver not far from the
scene of the crime, the police of this city
hstve in their possession what is believed
to be the last element necessary to clear
up the mystery of James R. Hay's mur
der on the night of December 16. The
Weapon was found burled in the mud near
the coiner of Thirteenth Southland State
streets and has been traced by 'the police
to the second-hand store where it. was
bought a short time before the murder
by a man answering the description of
Peter Mortensen, the contractor, who is
being held on the charge of having com
mitted the crime.
To-day the owner of the second-hand
store was taken to the County Jail for
the purpose of Identifying the man to
whom he sold the pistol. Out of a dozen
prisoners who were lined up he indicated
Mortensen, but said that he would not
care to swear positively to that effect, it
being fully three weeks since the sale
was made. I
Hay had been missing for two days be
fore his body was found buried in a
trench in a suburb of this city, and Jt
was reported that he had absconded with
$3800 in gold which was alleged to have
been paid to him as secretary of the Pa
cific Lumber Company by Peter Morten
sen, a contractor. Telegrams were sent
to the police of various cities asking them
to watch for Hay. The finding of the
body with a bullet in the brain created a
sensation in this city. Hay being a prom
inent and well known young man. The
whole affair was surrounded with mya
tery, but suspicion finally centered about
Mortensen, the body being found not far
from his residence, and he was placed un
der arrest.
Nothing has ever been found of the
missing 53800.
TAGALS COMMIT
FIENDISH CRIMES
Visit Awful Vengeance
Upon Natives Who
Aid Americans.
WASHINGTON, Dec, 29.— Many Filipi
nos who accept service under American
rule are visited with awful vengeance by
their fellow countrymen. The' records of
a case have been received at the War De
partment in which three native* policemen,
who had been sent from Laoag to San
Nicholas, Ilocos Norte, for duty at the
latter point, were seized and bound by-an
armed band of Filipino outlaws, taken be
fore a priest to be confessed and then
flung alive into a well, after having been
hacked with bolo?. Their assailants then
iilled up the well with loose earth.
One of the band, Wenceslao Rosales,
who was brought to trial, was sentenced
to be hanged. Another native policeman
met his death at the hands of an outlaw
band rn the Barrio of Sati Antonia, La
Guna i>rovincc.
The outlaws were lying in ambush
a waitings the passing of a patrol of three
'policemen, and upon their approach the
waiting Filipinos sprang out and^apturett
one of the three. A few days later his
body was found in -a neighboring river,
weighted with heavy rocks and showing
wounds through his heart and in his neck.
Two of the members of the outlaw band,
■who v/ere captured, were sentenced by a
military commission to be hangeij.
Two Filipinos who took part in the mur
der of an unknown native accused of be
ing an American spy, beheading the body
and burying ft in the city of Manila, were
sentenced to be hanged.
Another outlaw band seized a native
man and woman -for no apparent*motive
and killed them by striking them with
clubs on the back of their necks. Mariano
Zalcs. 0, native member of the bandj when
brought to trial gave the following ex
planation: .
"They were relatives of mlne^ — an uncle
and an aunt— and I had to do It to save my
life."
The military commission which tried him
found him guilty of murder, but the sen
tence was confinement at hard labor for
twenty years. -'■•';
Faro Dealer Takes Two Lives.
SHAWNEE, Okla., Dec, 29.— Charle3
McKnight, a faro dealer, shot and killed
William Sims, a saloon-keeper, and a boy
named Hepstedter in a gambling room
here to-day. McKnight and Sims had
quarrelled. To-flay Sims went to the gam
bling joint and threatened to kill Mc-
Knight. McKnight drew a revolver and
killed Hepstedter, a bystander, after
which he killed Sims. -
Skeleton ,in Steeple Identified
.BIRMINGHAM, A^.,- Dec. 29.— The
skeleton found in the- steeple of a negro
church near Eastlake was that of Win*
ton White, a negro, who is said- to have
shot a man several years ago and was
afterward a fugitive front justice, a negro
woman, representing herself as Bettie
Healey. once the wife of Whfte, says the
remains were undoubtedly those of her
husband.
TRAINS COLLIDE
AT OPEN SWITCH
Pour People Are Killed
and Eighteen Badly
\ Injured.
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— Four persona were
killed and twenty-nine injured, several of
them possibly fatally, in a collision on
the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad
to-day at Malta, 111., sixty miles west of
Chicago. The trains In collision were
"the Omaha flyer," an eastbound passen
ger train, and an eastbound freight train.
The wreck caught lire and two passenger
coaches, one sleeping car and eight
freight cars were burned and another
sleeping car was partly burned.
The uead;
GEOKUE RUDIO, Western agent Kirk
Soap Company, residence 137 North Thir
ty-second avenue, Omaha.
MRS. GEORGE W. RUDIO, Omaha.
D. O. NICHOLS, Council Bluffa, Iowa.
E. B. DUNCAN, sleeping car porter,
Chicago.
The injured: Bert Carr, Willett.'N. Y.,
badly cut and .bruised; Fred Dunham,
Chicago; George \V. Fox, Boulder, Colo.;
H. D. Gray, Evanston, 111.; Edward
Hinckley, Surprise, Nebr.; Mrs. J. L.
Kail, Chicago; Clarence Lauzer, Chicago;
W. A. Sweeny, . Larchf ord, Iowa; Marion
Wilkes, Fremont, Nebr.; Mrs. Eva Hall,
Chicago; Lincoln Taft, Chicago; Veronica
Rorrmoser, Millard, Nebr.; *'. Larrabee,
passenger engineer, leg fractured; F, P.
Corran, fireman; F, W. Aiken, yardmas
ter; P. D. O'Neill, special agent -North
western Railroad; John \V. "Wilson,
civil engineer, Northwestern Railroad;
R. W. Dawes, Pullman conductor;
John Schoentgren, Councils. Bluffs, Iowa,
race and hanas badly cut and bruised
about body; H. L. Miller, brakeman,
ankle fractured and body bruised; L. B.
Jameson and wife, Platt, Neb.; C. E.
Fifer, Racine, Wis., face and body bad
ly cut by falling glass; Miss Mamie EI
llngwood, Omaha, badly bruised; A, E.
Jewel, Buffalo, N. Y., hands and face
badly lacerated by falling glass; J. W.
Woodruff, Chicago, internal injuries; W.
HIckman, sleeping car porter, face
burned; J. M. Wilson, Boone, Iowa,
hands cut; Dr. J. W. Anderson, Cripple
Creek, Colo., burned; F. W. RIseley, Chi
cago.
George W. Rudio, in the rear Pullman,
from Omaha, with his wife, was fearful
ly, burned by steafrn, and in spite of all
medical aid died half an hour after in
great agony. Mrs. Rudio, who' was
brought to Chicago on the relief train,
was 30 badly burned that she died a few
minutes after her arrival at St. Luke's
Hospital. 1
An hour before the arrival of the train
B. O. Niehols of Council Bluffs, Ohio,
succumbed to his injuries. Mr. Nichols
was coming to Chicago to be married on
New Year s day to Allss Grace Stewart
of Council Bluffs. Iowa. Nichols tele
graphed for his sweetheart to come to
nim, but he died a few minutes after the
message had been sent, v
The injured passengers were attended
immediately by surgeons from De Kalb
and Rochelle and later were removed to
St. Luke's Hospital in Chicago by special
train.
The freight train had taken a siding
at Malta, but the train was longer than
the switch and the freight locomotive
protruded upon the main track beyond
the sidetrack. The incoming passenger
train from the West was not stopped un
til the two locomotives "cornered" at th<
switch, the passenger engine being
thrown into the ditch and several coacfte3
were piled upon the wreck. The cars
caught fire from the locomotives.
A statement gK'cn out try railroad offi
cials explains that the switch at the east
end of the siding was open through mis
take and that tin? responsibility lies with'
some member of the crew of the freight
train.. The statement places the com
pany's proper tv loss at about $30,000.
Engineer Larrlbce of the passenger
train sold to-nlKht that he found it im
possible to chock his train till It was too
late. He stuck to his engine., although he
could have jumped before the 'collision oc
curred.
John Schoentgen of Council Bluffs, one
of the injured, speaking of the accident
said:
I was aslp<ro in my berth whan tho crash
cSnftp awl n moment, later found myseU under
neath a pl!f> of wreckage on the traeft. I was
in my nisht vlothes. -After groat difficulty I
found a way i*ut and crawled <5n a pnovr bank.
The car caught fire, but I ha/1 time to crawl
back to v.'here I saw raj 1 valise iylnjr and
got it.
The inhabitants of the village turned out at
OTit?e and beijan t^f work of rescue', haulin?
passengers, mit of the wreckage arid fighting
the fire, which spread rapidly all over the
tiilffd irii tracks.
Tire railroad officials will hold an inves
tigation to-morrow in an effort to find
ott who was responsible for the accident
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec. 29.— Ben A. Nich
ols of Council ' Bluffs, ■ Iowa, who was
killed in the wreck, was manager of the
Cotmcfl Bluffs electric light plant and
Was a son of Edwin Nfchols, a commis
sion merchant at the Indianapolis Union
Stockyards. He was engaged to be mar
ried to Misa Elizabeth Stuart of Council
Bluffs, Iowa.
UIG LANDSLIDE CATTSES
BAD WRECK IN VIRGINIA
Four Tl'ainhands Lose Their Liv«3
and Several Passengers Are
Injured.
LYNCHBURG. Va., Dec. 29.— A land-
slide <5n the Chesapeake and Ohio Rail
road near Reusen station, five miles
south of Lyfichburg, on the James River
branch, to-day caused a wreck in which
several trainhands of . a passenger train
were killed and several other persons in
jured. The slide was caused by washouts >
due to the heavy rains.
The dead:
CONDUCTOR C. WHITTAKER.
ENGINEER GEORGE FISHER:
BAGGAG^MASTER THOMPSON.
EXPRESS MESSENGR SHANNON.
Several : passengers from the scene of
the wreck say that probably one or two
CHAFFEE IN HARMONY
WITH CIVIC OFFICIALS
Rumors of a Clash of Authority Are Denied,
and It Is Declared That Pacification
of the Philippines Is Almost Complete
*r« it* ANIL.A, Dec. 29.— General Chaf
fl\\/\\ .^ ee> when questioned to-day
II W \| concerning the alleged friction
A V 1L between the civil and military
1 authorities in the Philippines,
declared ,that perfect harmony pre
vailed.. General ChafTee said that the
Dfily occasion when thefe had been any
thing approaching friction was in the
matter of habeas corpus proceedings in
the case of Oakley Brooks, and that on
this occasion a solution of the difficulty
satisfactory to both authorities had beeh
found. General Chaffee said that he and
the member's of the commission had at
times , differed in their views, £ but that
these differences were of purely personal
opinion. His relations with Governor
Taf t and Acting Governor Wright dnd
the other Conimissiohe'rs were,' officially
and socially, extremely pleasant and he
believed the published statement of fric
tion between the civil . and military ajir
thfcrities here must hafe resulted from. a
misunderstanding of the facts. ■
General Chaffee further explained that
every time the slightest f rldtion had
arisen in •' the province between the two
authorities he had invariably ordered the
military to surrender to. the civilanthori
ties. General Chaffee concluded by say
ing he thought the prospect of subduing
the insurrection in all places to be prom
ising.,
Wright Confirms Chaffee.
When Acting Governor Wright was
questioned in this same matter, he said:
"Where men of sense are at the head
eft affairs there is not likely to be much
cause ft>r alarm or friction." ' .
Governor Wright has great admiration
for General Chaffee, whom he considers
to be a man of sound common sense. He
said that although he and General Chaf
fee frequently differed radically upon va
rious subjects still the most amicable re
lations were maintained under all circum
stances.
Referring to the work accetriplished by
FAVORS POLICY
OF EXPANSION
Dr. Vosberg Says Ger
many Needs Colonial
Territory.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— The State
Department has received from United
States Consular Agent Harris at Elben
etock an Interesting report on the sub
ject of German colonial enterprises. Con
sul Harri3 quotes from a speech deliv
ered by Dr. Vosberg-Rekow, Director of
the German Bureau for the Preparation
of Commercial Treaties, before tha mer
chants of Leipzig aa follows:
It is evident that we can never give up
our -present policy relative to foreign affairs
or the strenui us efforts being made to t>ecoma
a great sea power. We must engage in colon-'
lal politics on a large scale. We must strive
to expand our spheres of interest and to instill
in our people the consciousness of the neces
sity oC an aggressive policy. It 13 only by
the annexation of territory beyond the States,
the development of our coionie3 ami' tho organ
ization of immigration to the same, that we
may ever hope to be in a position to supply,
those natural products which we are not able
to I produce within the borders of the home
country.
; Harris points out that while the terri
tory comprised in all of. the German col
onies abroad amounts to 2,557,000 square
miles, with a white population- oJ -6008
"(only a little more than half being Ger
man); not a. single one of these colonies
is self-supporting. The total income of
the colonies for lwO from tariff duties and
the like amounts to $8,226,470, while the
deficit, it Is- stated, reached $6,977,922.
The ideal relations between a colony
and ' a mother country, says Harris, are
those which permit tho colony to produce
the raw material which the mother coun
try receives and pays back In a manu
factured state, but, in accordance with
the irresistible law Of economics, a col
ony with great material resources will
emancipate itself gradually from the
mother country. "It is doubtful, how
ever," continues Harris,- "whether this
will shortly be true of any of the present
colonies Of Germany."
In almost every part of the world. It is
Stated, where Germany's acquisitions are
Bituated, there is in the immediate neigh
borhood a colony of Great Britain or
some other country which is better able
to produce colonial products. "Great
Britain," says Harris, "either directly or
through the medium of her colonies has
a monopoly of almost half the commerce 1
of the German dependencies." .
The commercial development of German
Southwest Africa, Harris states, "will one
day probably be retarded by the competi
tion and aggressiveness of Cape Colony."
Tables are submitted showing that Ger
many's share in the exports of her own
colonies is only 50 per cent, while of all
the products required by her dependencies
the mother country supplies only about
60 j>«r cent.
passengers are buried under the debris
caused by the slide, but no names can be
ascertained of any passengers known to
he missing. The train to which the mis
hap occurred was known as No. 7. It
left Lyncu«/urg behind schedule time, and
consisted of an engine, tender, baggage
car and one passenger car which was
practically well filled with travelers.
It lrt stated that the train had run Into
a landslide without damage and that the
trainmen and some of the passengers had
stteceedgd In pushing the passenger car
back from under the cliff. They were
trying to do the same thing for the bag
gage car when a second heavy slide came
down. The car was overturned and
Thompson, Fisher and Shannon were
crushed. Conductor Whittaker was
knocked Into the river and drowned. His
body has not been recovered. A shout of
warning as the second slide came en
abled most of those who were In danger*
to escape without Injury. AH the killed
wbre resident* of Richmond.
Two Freight Wrecks.
OPBLIKA, Ala., Dec. 29.— Two freight
wrecks occurred on the Western Railway
of Alabama last night within thtrty miles
Of each other on account of the heavy
rains which flooded the tracks, causing
two embankments to give way. One man
was killed, three injured and the property
loss i.T heavy. D*>ad:
THOMAS RUSSELL, engineer.
Injured: Cy Lee, negro fireman; B. W.
Jackson, engineer, and negro fireman,
name unknown.
Streetcar Meets Disaster.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.,' Dec. 29.— A street
car collided with a number of freight cars
attached to. a switch engine here to-day
and one man was killed and two others
injured. The dead:
E. W. JONES, conductor on streetcar.
The injured: Ed Green, negro brakeman.
both legs broken and head crushed, and
H. M. Leatt* Woodlawn, bruised on legs.
The car, it is said, was going, at a rapid
rate of speed. The engine was pushing
the freight cars ahead of it and the first
two cars were thrown from the track and
Conductor Jones was killed beneath one
of them.
HIGHEST RANKING KNIGHT
OF PYTHIAS PASSES AWAY
Dr. John Bell of Michigan Answers I
the Final Summons From the j
Bayond. j
BENTON HAR*B0R, Mich., Dec. 29:—!
Dr. Johff Bell, the hfghest ranking
Knight of Pythias. in the world and orrs
of the best known physicians in South
western Michigan, died here to-day. He
was elected major general of the Uniform I
Rank. .Knights of Pythias, of tho world'
in 1S0S- ' ;
the United States Philippine Commission
during the last year. Governor Wright
Sa "Out of darkness has come light and
immense and wondrous strides have taken
place. A year ago everything outside of
Manila was practically chaos: now, out
side of the few provinces where the insur
rection still exists, everything is in a most
flourishing condition. In the 300 miles
from Manila north to Aparri not a hos
tile shot has been fired In many months,
while houses have been built and are still
building and crops have been planted.
These same conditions apply to the larger
part of Southern Luzon."
Governor Wright said he was satisfied
that the majority of the Filipinos recog
nized and appreciated what had been done
and that their leaders were doing all in
their power to bring the remaining insur
gents to a peaceful View of the situa
tion. - . ■
Concluding, Governor Wright said the
natives inhabiting the Island of Samar
had during all their history been an un
manageable race, and he was not sur
prised, at their present hostility.
Insurgent Force Surrenders. „
Major Henry Allen, formerly Governor
of -the island Of Leyte, and ■who was cho
sen chief of the insular constabulary, has
left Manila for a tour through the islands
of Leyte and Mindanao. He will report
td the commission on the conditions ex
isting there and particularly in the prov
ince of Misarnis, -which the military au
thorities ..have, asked to have returned
from the civil back to their own control.
Five insurgent officers and 175 men, with
six cannon, fifty-one rifles and seventeen
shotguns, surrendered yesterday to the
American authorities on the island of
Cebu. It is now believed this island is
pacified.
The change in the ratio of exchange on
the Mexican dollar to $2 10 Mexican silver
for one American gold dollar, which -was
announced on December 26, is causing
much dissatisfaction here. It is unsettling
what were considered to have been fixed
prices.
HEAD OF MANILA
FIRE DEPARTMENT
Roosevelt Tenders Place
to a Former Chief of
New York City.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— From a. rellablft
source comes the information that ex>
Fire Chief Hugh J. Bonner is considering
a proposition made by President Roosevelt
and the War Department to reorganize on
New York lines the fire department in Ma
nila. It is said that- such was Bonner*a
business in Washington during the week
just ended. Bonner, when, seen to-day,
practically admitted that such a plan is in
contemplation.
The tender of the appointment to Bonner
was made in consequence of a. cablegram
from the Philippine Commission, to Colo
nel Edwards, chief of the Insular Bureau
of the War Department, asking that the
best available man for the head of the
Manila fire department be recommended
to them. The cablegram said that a
strictly flrst-class man to organize the de
partment was wanted. After some inqui
ries Hugh J. Bonner was decided upon as
in every respect the best selection that
could be made. He came to Washington
-not quite a week ago, went over the situ
ation and when he left was given about
a week to think over the matter of his ac
ceptance of the. post, he not being pre
pared to give an immediate answer.
It is believed that he will probably ac
cept. A law was passed some time ago
creating the fire department. The original
chief of it Is no longer, in the service and
it was decided to secure a man of experi
ence and ability. The place will pay from
$3000 to $3500 a year.
SERVICE PAPERS
SUPPORT MILES
Army and Navy Journals
Say Root Exceeded
1 Authority.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— Both the ser
vice papers, the Army and Navy Regis
ter and the Army and Navy Journal, In
their issue comment adversely on the
reprimand administered by Secretary
Root to Lieutenant General Miles. The
Journal says:
According to the army regulations, a repri
mand such as was administered to the lien
tenant general can only be administered on the
verdict of & court-martial. Even a non-com
missioned officer is under the protection of tho
regulations, which direct of&cers to b© cautious
in reproving htm fn the presence or hearing of
private soldiers. 13 it not incumbent that at
least equal consideration should be shown to tha
officer commanding?
The Register says:
Tho impression prevails that the tone of the
Root letter la unnecessarily severe — all out of
proportion to the offense. There are even those
who think the language employd is brutal and
that the publicity given the correspondence was
a cruel advertisement of the President's dis
pleasure.
STABBED SIX TIMES HE
LEAjVES THE HOSPITAL
Police Investigate a Serious Cutting
Affray That Occurred on Iiower
Clay Street.
The police are investigating a. cutting
scrape that occurred In a lodging bouse at
53 Clay street last evening. The victim of
the affray, Albert Ryder, who waa stabbed
six times in various parts of the body,
forced his way out of the Harbor Hospi
tal, where tie had been taken for treat
ment, after refusing to give any of the de
tails of the affair. The police, however
say that they have discovered that his as
sailant was Jack Watson, but they have
thus far failed to apprehend tho latter
From what can be learned, both men
were stevedores and at the time of the
strike Watson occupied a room in Ry
. der's house at 1103 Sacramento street. The
: labor troubles ruffled the tranquillity of
: the Ryder household and Watson moved
i to the Clay-street lodging-house where
'the cutting happened last night.' Ryder
was stabbed six times, and his wounds
: w-hich are considered serious, were treat crl
by\Dr. Miller at the Harbor Hospital
After the treatment was complete the in
jured man refused to remain and made hi*
way into the street. The hospital people
; had no authority to detain him ancT he left
: without giving them much information
Christmas Tree Starts Blaze.
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.-A Christmas tree
loaded with Inflammable ornaments and
candles caused a fire to-night that de
stroyed the Alexander apartment build"
ing, a six-story structure. Corner of
Bowen and Cottage Grove avenneV t^
loss will exceed $100,000. ave naes. Trie
3. Pierpont Morgan was for sevcrni
years a student at the University of Go? ■
tingein, and there won distinction \*Ca Z I
mat a ician PriZe f ° r ««««»« ""iSth^ |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
n
My DYSPEPSIA CURE positively
cures all forms of indigestion or stom-
ach trouble. It rejuvenates worn-out
; stomachs. It builds up stomachs ths|
: have been weakened by powerful cathi
! artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
Itlnnyon'a Dyspepsia Cure corrects bloatingof
t&e stomach, palpitatioa of the heart, shortness ot
br&ith, and all afiectious of the heart caused by in-
digestion, wind on the stomach, belching wind 01
■ »our food, bad taste, offensive breath, loss of appetite,
faintness or weakness of the stomach, improper cir>
1 cnlation, coated tongue, t^art-burn or water*brash.
■ ! His Headache Cyro stops headache in 3 minutes,
i i MtmyoA Pile Ointment cures all forms of pilet.
I Munyon's Blood Cure corrects all blood impurities.
: * Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache, bilious*
fiess, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases.
Munyon'a Female Remedies are a boon to women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure andHerbsaregnaranteedto
relieve asthma in three minutes and cure in five days.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never faiL
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers to weak
men. Price, $1. fe
Manyon has aenreforevery disease. The Gulrta
to Health (free) tellsof them. Cores, mostly 35 ct*
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia. <■
, BU'StOS'S I3HALBB CtfBES CATABBH. V
California
Limited...
v3\j0- i ""- ■*.■■"'!*• * \
Tha greatest train across tha conti-
nent. ■ High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have rmcb
it ths most popular with travelers.
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office — 641 Market Street
jS^^s. StBlCJLT RcUABLE. \
& e?xA Dr. Talcott
/fv^Sfcyit Diseases and
•mSJgl&S* Weakness o!
£ lWJMen Only
By tit the most frequent causa cf nervoua
disorders «t tha male is
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
Tho Proa tat • Gland (so-ealldd Beck o£ blad-
der) 19 a structure very rtclx la nerves. "When
the terminations of these nerves are kept In a
constant state o{ excitement by chronic inflam-
matory processes. It appears very elear that by
transmission of this Irritation to oth«* nerves
tha patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of tha most varied character. Premature-
ness, Impotency. etc., are not wtaknewes, but
symptoms of this inflammation, TV'a savo pre-
pared a colored chart. wMoh w» will send, I rsa
on application, by which any oca interested can
rtadlly understand -why. It ha has been treated
tar a weakness, h* has not been oared. "Wa
particularly solicit this class at case*, and can
promise a epeady cure- without stomach dru«-
tgfc •
Dr. Talcott & Co., 997 Market St., Cor. 6ti)
d visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat 6
JSOSEUH OF ANATOHY?
a O) 1052 U A3 217 ST. tat. 6£ *7tS . &T.Ca2. £
\ Sf Tha Lamst Anatomical Moseina in the \
4 _ «s»*-*»v World, WeaJtnssses or any contracted M
V (•gpa *sei<;e p«»i«i»*ly cwmwI by the oldest f
O iHE? pj I Specialist oa the Coast. Esc 36 years. Q
A flgpfl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEH A
\ F€S?^9 Consultation fise and strictly priTate. \
ff i jfo\i 3 Treatment personally or by letter. A B
\ n W n n "•***• M»*»ineTeiYcas«niidertakeii. \
mva lit? Wrte for Boak > FB1UHOPHY of A
" a It- MA j»niA«K. mailed f«es. (at
A ii I* valuable book tot men) \
r BB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Marie t St.. S. F V
§V1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over Afty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cars tho
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom
nfa. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Kervoua Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, mm, —w^ Varicoceleor Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *"5 J _■ vous Twitching ot
Eyelld3, Effects are *** Immediate, Im-
part vigor and pote CENTS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; S for
12 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address EISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis si*
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO. S3
and 40 Third »t
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
_SPICIAl!STS FOR MEN.
Established 1SS1. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL>
i:Al>WAl"S READY KELlK:fr hasstooct
1 unrivaled before the piibHc for 50 years as .»
r Pain P.emeUy. It instantly relieves and .juickly
I cures aM Colds, SoTe Throats. Influenza. Bron-
I chitis. Pneumonia, l'.houmatism. Neuralgia.
I Heailaclie. Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Isowel Pains. All druggislj.no_textHEADS BRING
RICH PRIZES
Formosa Rebels Renew
Their War on the
Japanese.
One Hundred Men Are Killed
in One of the Latest
Battles.
Spedal Dispatch to The CalL
TACO2IA, "Wash.. Dec 23.— The steam
ship Pins Suey brings news from Toko
hama to the effect that the long-slumber
ing rebellion in Formosa has again broken
out. The Fcnnosan rebels have been gath
ering their forces In the central part of
tie island for months, with the object of
striking a body blow at Japan's authority
at tile first opportunity.
The first disturbance came late In No
vember when a party of over 100 coolies,
engraged In transporting camphor, were
attacked by the Insurgents. Twenty of
them were kCied, all but one having their
beads cut off. This beheading results
from an offer of prizes by the rebel lead
ers for all heads of Japanese and their
employes brought Into caxap.
This event w&s the flrsc notice the Ja
p&nese authorities had that hostilities
Trere resumed. A strong party of Japan
ese police were sent out from Ashi and a
battle followed in which more than 100
are resorted to have been killed. The
rebels lost hesirily-
The recent earthcuake at Tokio broko
the underground formation in numerous
places with the resitft that small quanti
ties of petroleum are flowing into deep
■wells. Ine one well oil to a. depth of two
feet was fcund floating on top of water.
Mrch excitement prevails and it is be
lieved that a large petroleum body under
lies the capital of Japan.
WRECKAGE LANDS
AT THE BEACH
Broken Boat and Deck
house Fragments on
the Shore.
PORT TOW2CSEXD, Wash., Dec 29.—
Advices from Xeah Bay are to the effect
that a large amount of wreckage is being
found on the beach south of Cape Flat
tery, among which is a. large broken row
boat, several oars and life-preservers,
hatches, broken doors and a quantity of
boards probably belonging to the deck
house of scrne vessel. Some bedding was
also found on various parts of the beach.
From information at hand no clew Is fur
liislied by taese ends, though it is thought
the wreckage is part of the collier Mat
tea v/an.
Victoria and Vancouver Island are com
pletely cut off from telegraph communica
tion, all cabies to the island having been
broken by the numerous vessels which
dragged anchor during the Christmas
night storm and it will be some time be
fore the cables can be repaired. \
Mail advices from Victoria state v that
«he siiip Santa Ciara is fast on Flatrock.
"ugs made an unsuccessful attempt to
.aul her off. The vessel is on her beam
tics and the tide ebbs and flows in a
fioJe. The vessel is being dismantled. The
i nipping men express the opinion that the
vessel will ljecome a total wreck, but the
captain of the Sauta Clara has hopes of
saving her, providing the weather con
tinues favorable.
The ship Bankburn, for ■which so much
ar.xiety was felt, has been located at
False Bay San Juan Island. She had
drifted a distance of twenty miles. Her
anchor chains had not parted, as at first
supposed, and when found by the tug
Hope she was in twenty-two fathoms of
water •with 105 fathoms of chain out. She
will be towed to Fraser River.
A life buoy "was picked up yesterday at
Cadbcro Beach, on Vancouver Island, and
sent to Captain Gaudin, local agent of the
Marine and Fisheries at Victoria. The
buoy is painted white with the letters
and figures: "W. 10 W." No other wreck
age was found and to what vessel the
buoy belonged is a mystery.
The tug Colman, which broke her shaft
last night while towing- the brigantine Ir
win to this city, was picked up by the
tug Vigilant and towefl here. When
picked up she had drifted remarkably
close to the rocky shores of Vancouver
Island.
EETVTAmS OF BOGEBS
ABE TO LIE IN STATE
People of "Washington Will Honor the
Memory of Their Late
Governor.
OLYMPIA, Dec. 29.— Final arrange
ments for the funeral of the late Gov
ernor Rogers were made to-day. The body
will lie in state at the home for an hour
and a half to-morrow afternoon. Wednes
day morning the funeral services for the
family will be held in this city. The pall
bearers selected yesterday are: Colonel
A. J. Blethen, editor Seattle Times; ex-
Governor Miles C. Moore, Walla Walla;
Frederick Mottel, Tacoma; Henry J.
Snively. North Yakima; N. W. Durham,
editor Spokesman-Review, Spokane; ex-
Mayer James E. Bell of Everett.
A special funeral train will convey the
remains to Tacoma immediately after
ward. In that city the casket will be
placed In the rotunda of the Pierce Coun
ty courthouse. The public will be allowed
to pass before it for an hour and a half.
At 1 o'clock the casket will be returned
to the funeral train, in which it will be
borne to the Governor's fprmer home in
Puyallup. From the home of Edwin R.
Rogers in that city, where the service will
be held, the remains will be taken to the
cemetery. After a prayer by the Rev. S.
S. Sulllgrer, Company D, First Regiment,
National Guard of Washington, will fire
the customary three volleys over the
grave. This will be followed by "taps."
EON SEES HIS FATHEB
PEBISH IN THE SUBS'
Boy Who Witnesses a Tragedy Ees-
cues His Brother From a Peril
ous Position.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 29.— Joel B.
Leonhard of Fairhaven lost his life dur
ing Thursday's storm while attempting to
tan.e his boat, the destruction of which
was threatened, to a place of safety. He
had traveled last summer in the same
boat from Nome across the Arctic Sea
to Bellingham Bay. While rowing the
boat across Bellingham Bay it was
blown against a boom of logs, throwing
Leonhard and his son Albert into the
water. Leonhard attempted to swim but
became chilled and sank from sight
within a hundred yards of shore before
help could reach him.
Albert caught a log and endeavored
unsuccessfully in the waves to get on
top of the boom. Henry, his elder
brother, had been a spectator of his
lather's death without being able to help
him. Seeing his brother tlinging to the
log. he knew that unless rescued within
:i few minutes he also would join his
lather. The waves were running four
feet high, tossing the greai-Wg boom up
and down like chaff. It v/as on this
boom that Henry started to rescue his
brother. Leaping from one log to an
other he finally reached the exhausted
lioy, snatched him from the water and
lifting him into his arms made his peril
ous way to shore.
New York's Legislature.
ALBAXY, N. Y.. Dec. 29.— The Legisla
ture of the State of New York will meet
for the 125th time next Tuesday. Speaker
S. Fred Nixon will be selected as the Re
publican nominee for Speaker. Colonel
Arthur E. Baxter will again be elected as
clerk of the Assembly.
MODOC MEN EXHIBIT ANEW AN OMINOUS TEMPER
THAT MAY SOON AGAIN ENLIVEN ALTURAS COURT
Witnesses in the Case Are Expected to Have a Clash Before
the Ending of the Trial of the Alleged Leader of the Mob That
Lynched Old Calvin Hall and Four Others in May Last
ALTURAS, Dec. 29.— With the clos
ing of the serene season of yule
tide good will and peace on earth,
particularly in that section of it
designated on the maps Modoc
County, the turbulent spirit of the law
yers and witnesses in the Lookout lynch
ing case Is again making itself manifest.
The legal gentlemen connected with the
sensational trial are already becoming a
trifle belligerent, the witnesses Are grumpv
of manner and not by any means inclined
to shed more light than the law can com
pel on the terrible crime committed near
this place when Calvin Hall and his sons
and Dan Yantis swung at ropes' ends
from the bridge last May.
Fear Among the People.
Alturas, or at least that part of it de
sirous of peace, is fearful of results.
There has been much threatening of wit-
ROBS HIS EMPLOYERS OF DIAMONDS
VALUED AT FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
Secures Possession of the Jewels While Family Is at Church and
Disappears Before Theft Is Discovered.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.-Mr and Mrs.
Pad Thebaud of Madison ave
nue were robbed to-day of jew
elry worth $50,000. Thebaud re-
ported the robbery at.headquar
ters, where in company with a member
of the firm from which most of the jew
elry had been purchased, he gave the
police a partial list of the jewels taken.
The valuables consisted In part of one
pear-shaped diamond, said by Thebaud to
be worth $20,000; one pearl weighing 44
grains, said to be worth $15,000, and 300
small ornaments, making up a total of
about $50,000.
The robbery is said by the police and
also by Thebaud to have been the work
of a newly engaged valet, who had been
employed by Thebaud but two weeks.
The valet is missing and the butler, who
recommended him, is under constant po
lice surveillance. \
Mr. and Mrs. Thebaud went to White
THIS SAN FRANCISCO OAIili, MONDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1901.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
nesses < outside of court and threats In
Modoc County are things not lightly to be
considered. The activity of the prosecu
tion in the case of Brown, who is the
present defendant, has provoked wrath
among all the persons wlio have for weeks
been trying to block the legal proceedings
and shield the culprits. A serious clash
is expected some time during the week.
Assistant Attorney General Post, whose
admirable handling of the celebrated Llt
tlefleld and Round Valley feud cases at
Weaverville in Trinity County a few years
ago has well fitted him for the duty Im
posed on him here, said to-day:
Prosecution Is Hopeful.
"The prosecution is making good head
way with the trial. We will put up a
case in which no fair jury can do other
wise than convict. The evidence will be
plain and we think we have a good,
square, impartial jury. The evidence for
the prosecution will all be In by Friday
Plains yesterday as the guests of Mr.
and Mrs. Howard Willets. They were to
spend Sunday with the Willets family.
The valet accompanied them. This morn
ing the Willets, accompanied by Mr. and
• Mrs. Thebaud and several other guests,
1 went to church. Soon after their return
Mrs. Thebaud discovered that her dia
mond and pearl were gone, but fo*jj*i
that little else had been taken. ThebSrld
at once communicated by telephone with
the housekeeper of the residence in this
city and it was discovered that the other
valuables had been stolen.
The valet was last seen about 6 o'clock
this morning, when he took one of How
ard Willets' rigs and drove to the rail
way station In White Plains. Three hours
later the rig was found at the station
abandoned. It is supposed .the valet,
whose name is Kern, left town on an out
going train soon after he drove to the
station. The New York police late to-
or Saturday of this week. We do not
know how long it will take the defense
to get in Its evidence. It -may be a
month or it may be three months. We
will try the other two defendants sep
arately, but I cannot say when. We have
a plain case and are sure of a convic
tion."
One of the picturesque characters at the
trial is Judge G. F. Harris, who is an
attorney representing Brown, the alleged
leader of the mob that lynched Hall and
.the others. Harris was arrested the other
day on complaint of Mary Lorenz, one of
the leading witnesses for the prosecution.
She was standing in Laird's store when
Harris entered and, it is alleged, made an
insulting remark about Calvin Hall. Mary
Lorenz is the eldest daughter of this man
who was lynched, and she displayed her
anger by slapping the face of the Judge.
Then he attacked her with a knife. Har
ris immediately had the woman arrested
for assault.
night communicated with the principal
cities where Kern would be likely to go.
New Professor for Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 29.—
Professor Ephraim D. Adams, professor
of modern history at the University of
Kansas, has been appointed associate pro
fessor of modern history at Stanford. He
will take the place of David E. Spencer,
who resigned during the Ross affair last
year. Professor Adams is a brother of
Henry .Carter Adams, the economist of
Ann Arbor Institute. The department of
economics will be strengthened by the ap
pointment of Professor Albert C. Whit
taker, a Stanford graduate of the class
of '99. ' He will continue the work of Pro
fessor E. Dana Durand, who has been
secretary of the Trust Commission for
two years, and who will hereafter .work
in the Department of the Interior.
Govern your thoughts when alone and
your tongue. when in company.
ELDEST DAUGHTER OF CALVIN HALL, WHO WAS LYNCHED BY THE
MODOC COUNTY MOB LAST MAY, AND THE ATTORNEY DEFEND
ING ITS ALLEGgD LEADER, WH O IS BEING TRIED AT ALTURAS.
ARMED GERMAN TRIES
TO KILL THE MIKADO
Wrathful Mining Man Makes Attempt to Reach
the Emperor's Carriage — Former Member
of the Japanese Legislature Is Implicated
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 29.— A
German named Theyerson is lan
guishing in a Japanese prison on
the charge of having attempted to
kill the Emperor of Japan. A
former njember of the Japanese Legisla
ture, who was mixed up in the same al
leged attack on his Majesty has been pro
visionally pardoned and will probably not
be punished. His name is Tanaka Shoso.
It apoears that this Japanese was the
political agent of the German, who was
Interested in the Ashiwo copper mine.
This valuable property was . recently
seized by the Government because of al
leged irregularities and the company and
Theyerson were much hampered. Theyer
son is said to have attempted to kill the
Emperor in revenge for the way in which
the Government had treated him.
Theyerson and Shoso were at the en
trance to the palace grounds when the im
perial equipage came along. The Japan
ese ran up toward the Emperor's carriage
with a paper in his hand, but he was
stopped by the guard and forced back.
The German witnessed the rebuff and in
anger he drew a revolver. He, too, jumped
toward the carriage, but only took a -step
TWO FOOTPADS ATTACK
BANK PRESIDENT'S SON
Young Man Struck "With a Pistol and
Bullet Enters His
Arm.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 29.— Phllo Jew
ett, son of Solomon Jewctt, president of
the Kern Valley Bank,, was assaulted
last night at F and Twentieth streets by
two footpads. Jewett was struck in the
mouth with a revolver, the force of th'e
blow knocking him unconscious. The
weapon was discharged, the bullet enter
ing his left arm above the wrist.
jewett was on his way to the home of
L. F. McClure about 8 o'clock in the
evening. As he was within one door of
his destination two men leaped from
behind a fence and dealt Jewett a blow
which severely lacerated the young
man's lips. The accidental discharge of
the pistol frightened away the highway
men before they could rob him. Many
residents of the neighborhood heard' the
shot, but failed to make an investiga
tion and the men made their escape.
Jewett was partially unconscious about
an hour. He came to his senses while
wandering on Nineteenth street. Physi
cians have been unable to locate the bul
let. There is no clew to the highwaymen.
QTJARTER OF A MILLION
IS LOST IN THE BLAZE
Large Department Store at-- Victoria
Burned and Insurance Com
. panies Will Suffer.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 29.— Spencer's
Arcade, Victoria's big department store,
was gutted by fire and flooded with water
last night. The loss Is estimated at a
quarter of a million dollars and the insur
ance amounts to about $125,000.
The fire, was caused by a cross wire in
the carpet department. Before it was dis
covered the' place was full of smoke and
the flames were leaping through the roof
and front walls. The firemen managed to
keep the fire In the one store, which ex
tends through a block. There will be very
little salvage; in fact., the insurance com
panies will suffer a complete loss.
or two before the soldiers seized him and
a few minutes later he was dragged off
to prison.
The imperial party proceeded without
further incident. There was great ex
citement for a time near the palace
grounds.
The case has been taken up by the Ger
man Consul at Yokohama and represen
tations will probably be made by him. No
punishment is looked for in the case, but
the man will probably be deported.
. The real test for clothes *
rests with the man who 4$$^k
wears them. p8^%
If they are not good he &0?^'M
is the one who finds it out \fcL H
and in the long run we are v^^X
We do our very best to J^^m4 te
make good clothes and so lessen M$irJfniV$ TT$n!) if *\
the chances for dissatisfaction/ MmWW W&Mwl I
But to fully protect, the cus- 'jWirfl 7 I
tomer we offer to give him his /WuulP Tlfm \ $ • •} ( !/
money back if he . is not satis- fl|f§S^i \\l I if i j f
fied. If he is pleased and keeps 1/
the suit we keep it in repair
free for one year. We appre- S^l^'t '^' ' i| rr**^9
ciate his trade and strive to re- I* :('fflJ|i ; [ ' i^ffi |l
Wouldn't you like to buy fj|if» ii^w || )' {Ij-j ', j
clothes on this principle? Vffii | [IJmN^J'
May we show you samples l^'.l '\'jh 111 ! PWlF
m3.d6=to= HI 'II Sli ill! / - •
measure suits at Ilil |
$10. ; : II I i
Out-ol-town orders Tilled — write vs. ft j A
718 Market St, and &&^
Cor. Powell and Eddy
FIEND'S HANDS
END HER LIFE
Terrible Crime Oommit-
ted in a Room at
Stockton.
Murderer of a Woman Beats
and Kicks the Victim's
Body.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STOCKTON, Dec. 29.— A murder seldom
equaled for brutality was committed
early this morning. A woman known as
Lena Young was killed in her apartments
at a lodging-house at the corner of Sutter
street and Weber avenue, and George
Gribble is in jail charged with the crime.
The woman's maiden name was Lena
Wood. She claimed to be Gribble s wife,
and the two had been occupying tha
apartments for some time.
The murder took place some time be
tween midnight and 5 o'clock thi3 morn
ing. Shortly after 5 o'clock a telephone
message to the police office summoned
the police to the house. Gribble was
found in the hall in an excited frame of
mind, with face and hands covered witn
blood. He was arrested Immediately. Ha
declared that the woman had come home
badly beaten and that he put her to bed.
She arose, after which he again placed her
in the bed, and she died there in a few
moments.
The woman was> frightfully beaten,
there being evidences of her having been
jumped on. Her body In front was a mass
of cuts and abrasions, and her face had
been beaten out of recognition. She had
also been strangled and much of her hair
torn out by the roots. The room bore
evidence of a terrible life and death
struggle, blood having been spattered and
daubed over the walls and furniture, and
there was also considerable blood upon
the floor.
The murder created considerable excite
ment in town, and hundreds of people
viewed the remains in the morgue.
The officers do not believe Gribble's
story. The woman was seen intoxicated
on the street as late as 11 o'clock the
night before. Little is known of her here,
but Gribble has been a gambler here for
several months. It has been his habit to
work on ranches during the summer and
to make saloons and gambling halls his
headquarters during the winter. He was
known as "Alcohol George" about the re
sorts he frequented, on account of hi3
penchant for drinking alcohol.
The woman claimed to have two broth
ers in business in San Francisco. Gribble
said in Jail that she was not his wife.
The Coroner's jury claimed that the de
ceased came to her death by strangula
tion and. bodily injuries Inflicted by
George Gribble.
FXEE ENDS THE LIFE
OF AN AGED BANCHHAND
Third Attempt to Destroy Farm
Property Near Gilroy Causes
a Death.
GILROT, Dec. 29.— Bernard Perraro, an
aged Portuguese ranchhand, was burned
to death in a fire last night at Henry
Miller's Bloomfield farm, near town. The
fire destroyed the ranch blacksmith
shop and tool-house. The victim and
fifteen other employes were lodging in
the upper story of the building, which
was enveloped by the flames so quickly
that escape was made with difficulty,
three men being partially suffocated.
This is the third of a series of attempts
made to burn the Miller property. The
loss in this case is $2500. There is no
clew to the incendiary.
TWO BOYS ABE DROWNED
WHILE SKATING ON IC2
Alturas Lads Plunge Into an Airhoia
in the Ice While Enjoying
"Winter Sport.
ALTURAS, Dec. 29.— Fred Snelling and
"Walter Brown went through the ice on
Goose Lake while skating this afternoon
and were drowned. The bodies were re
covered this evening. The boys had been
skating on the lake and must have run
into an air-hole.
Jesse Combs, who lives near Lakeview,
shot himself through the head this morn
ing. It is said that he had contemplated
suicide.
Minister Dudley Leaves Hospital.
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— I. B. Dudley. Minis
ter to Peru, who submitted to an opera-
tion for appendicitis in Mercy Hospital
several weeks ago, left the hospital to-day
and returned to the home of his brother in
Evanston. He will remain in Evanstoa
until he regains sufficient strength to
travel. Then, he will go to his home in
California.
Eugene Carter Is Dying.
CHICAGO, Dec. .29.— Eugene Carter,
known the country over as one of tha
greatest billiard players of the last de
cade, is dying at his home in this city of
pulmonary troubles.
34
MONDAY DECEMBER 30, iooi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Utitn All Ctmmnaie&iieas t( W. 8. LEAKS, Hunger.
MAJVAGKrt'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICB... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered toy Carriers, XS Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 6 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postages
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.M
DAILT CALL (Including Bui^ay). « x-onths : J.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). S months 1.60
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «5c
SUNDAT CALL. On» Tear 1W
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1-W
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be lorwarted when requested.
Mail subscribers in orderlr-g change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRKSS ln order
to insure a prompt aa3 correct compliance with their request.
OaKJLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGES KROGXESS.
Xuarer foreign Adrertisinr, Karguttt Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOJf Herald Saw*
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bull dins
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Korray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6herm*n House; P. O. News Ce.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Bouse; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIHTGTOBr (D. C> OFFICE. . . .14O0 G St.. N. W.
MORTON E. CKANE, Correspondent.
nn A\Cn OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
nntil «:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. G15 Larkin, open until
t:S0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until » o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Z200 FtUmore. open until » p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "Jaaiee Meredith."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A Lady of Quality."
Calif ornla — "Black Patti Troubadours."
Tivoll— "Little Red Riding Hood."
Central — "The Two Sisters."
Alcazar — "Charley's Aunt."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' s — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
CLOSE OF THE BUSINESS YEAR.
THE close of the year is bringing out the usual
annual reviews of trade, and they are ex
tremely flattering. Prosperous as the preced
ing four or five years were, they have been exceeded
in many important points by 1901. First, the bank
clearings of the country, which are accepted as the
best and, in fact, about the only reasonably accurate
index to the condition of business, were $118,000,
000,000, a gain of 38 per cent over last year and 26
per cent over the record year of 1899. The greatest
increase, and therefore the greatest activity, was in
the Middle States, The failures, however, were
10,885 (with liabilities of $130,000,000 and assets of
$60,000,000), an increase of 8.6 per cent over 1000,
and almost 12 per cent over those in 1899. But then
a largely increased volume of business would natur
ally result in some increase in the number of fail
ures, to say nothing of the growth of population in
the country.
Some cf the details of this expansion in domestic
trade are an increase of 14 per cent in the production
of pigiron over the highest previous record, larger
shoe and leather production, 10 per cent increase in
llie coal output, and a wide and almost general ad
vance in the price of food products, the latter result
ing in, or rather from, higher-priced farm products.
This latter advance, however, has been partially off
set by decreased yield in some crops. The net rail
way earnings during the year are 16 per cent larger
than the best previous record, and had not cars been so
scarce this percentage of increase would have shown
a still higher gain. The scarcity of cars was due to
the remarkable trade activity, and extended all over
the country^ Nor has this blockade yet been relieved,
though the various works are turning out cars as
fast as they can make their machinery go. These
are only a few points of gain. Were anything like
a detailed list attempted a large amount of space
would be necessary.
There were some unfavorable conditions, however.
The South has not done as well with its cotton as in
some previous 3'ears, and the foreign trade of the
country has been gradually decreasing for several
months. The exports during the year thus far
amount to ? 1,435,000,000, or 1 per cent less than last
year, while the imports amount to at least $875,000,
000, an increase of 5.5 per cent. Thus it will be seen
that our exports to foreign countries are slowly de
creasing, while our imports from those countries are
slowly increasing. The balance of foreign trade is
no longer overwhelmingly in our favor.
A significant feature at the moment is the complete
reversal of conditions as compared with a year ago.
Then manufactures boomed and farm products were
more or less quiet, and in some lines actually dull.
Now farm products are relatively more active than
manufactures, and at higher prices. These two divi
sions of industry seem to take turns in precedence,
and when one is lively the other is apt to be the re
xcrse.
But the favorable largely outbalances the unfav
orable, as far as this years trade is concerned. If
some halt is observable at the close of the year, what
can we expect? We cannot go on forever breaking
all records, and there must be periods when the pub
lic, both here aod ir: Europe, become overbought
and curtail their demands upon the factory and the
farm. Such lulls have been witnessed several times
during the past two years, but have hitherto been
succeeded by renewed activity, and the present may
prove like the former conditions. Business has cer
tainly been falling off slightly of late, but the dimi
nution has been so narrow and gradual that it is not
perceptible to the general run of business men. It
has none of the aspect3 of collapse, and seems to be
an easy and healthy adjustment to normal conditions
during a period of remarkable commercial activitv
Jamestown, Va., was incorporated in 1507 and is
the oldest incorporated town in the United States. It
is going to celebrate its four hundredth anniversary
in 1907 and has begun making arrangements for an
exposition. It is the belief of the promoters of the
enterprise that they can give the town a new start
and enable it hereafter to grow a little bit in spite
of its age. '.} >.::
i THE CUBAN DEMAND.
THE Cuban junta does not relax its efforts for
free trade in sugar and tobacco with this coun
try. It has accurate knowledge of our politics
and knows exactly how to produce results by indirec
tion. It keenly takes advantage of every circum
stance that may increase its footing. The appoint
ment of a Secretary of the Treasury from Iowa
opened the way to get rid of Secretary Wilson, from
the same State. Of course the organs of the junta
did not say that Wilson should go because as Secre
tary of Agriculture he is an outspoken advocate of
the interests of the American farmer and believes in
using protection to domesticate here profitably every
possible addition to our farm crops. Since he went
into office under President McKinley he has sup
ported the beet sugar industry with the greatest
force, and the gratifying increase therein is greatly
due to his interest. But the junta says. nothing of
all this. Its organs discover a political reason in not
having two Cabinet officers from a. sure Republican
State like Iowa. For the time being, at least, their
cunning fails to be effective, but it may be expected
that they will not cease to nag every member of the
Cabinet who is opposed to their scheme for crippling
or extirpating two important agricultural interests in
this country in order to enrich the Cuban planters
whom they represent.
The farmers' interests in this subject should lead
them to be alert. The junta is sleepless and will lose
no tricks. The farmers of the country should make
known their sentiment in support of Secretary Wil
son, and the members of Congress should not be left
in doubt as to rural sentiment. •
What beet, sugar means to the land-owner is re
vealed in such form as the news dispatch from Santa
Mari* California, published Saturday. The beet
sugar mill there has just closed a successful season
and is to be enlarged to work up a greater acreage
of beets. The farmers report a net profit of $55 per
acre on their beets, and in addition to this the com
pany distributes prize money among them as a pre
mium on their crop.
In Michigan, Nebraska, Colorado, Utah, New
York and every State where beet sugar mills are
operated the .experience is the same. The farmer
gets a larger profit on his beets than on any other
crop, and thejreturn is immediate and in cash.
Capital is hesitating about building more mills in
every State where production of the beet is demon
strated to be successful. This hesitation is caused by
the aggressiveness of the junta and the uncertainty
of the final attitude of certain politicians.
The junta has proclaimed Iowa as a sure Repub
lican State. There is a tone of warning in the rural
districts that may well be listened to, lest sure Repub
lican States become few.
The Pan-American Congress agreed that there
should be reciprocity of trade among American coun
tries, that the Pan-American railway project should
be carried out and that a Pan-American bank should
be established, but as for arbitration on interna
tional disputes the congress leaves that to The
Hague court. Under the circumstances it might as
well have referred the other things to the same
tribunal.
AMERICAN ADVERTISING.
a MERICAN invasions of the markets of Eu-
ZA rope arc not always provocative of animosity.
*■ *- In Great Britain at least they sometimes take
our competition as well as our goods with a genial
humor. There are times when they are even moved
to smile at the ingenuity of our methods. Just at
present, for illustration, the London papers are pub
lishing as a pleasant bit of fun the circular recently
sent out by an American firm soliciting British trade
for what are known in commercial circles as "hog
products."
The circular says: "To our friends across the sea
we send greeting. As the years roll by we are drawn
nearer and nearer together by Christian Blood and
Money Ties, and may this ever be. We are located in
a section that grows a pig that, for leanness and qual
ity, comes nearer to your home-grown and Canadian
pigs than any that can be raised in any part of the
States. We are now putting up a class of light fancy
English and Irish meats that, for delicacy of cure and
extreme mildness, cannot be furnished by any other
packing company in the Great West. Your wants can
always be supplied by our friends and sole agents."
The object of advertising is to catch the attention,
the fancy and the custom of the public, and conse
quently since that hog firm's circular has caught the
British it may be accounted excellent. It appears,
however, from reports that we are not always so suc
cessful when we undertake to please the foreigner by
our methods of making known our goods.
Some time ago an American manufacturer of agri
cultural machinery sent to Germany for distribution a
large number of bright lithographs displaying his
goods. One of these represented a young
woman in the costume of a Greek goddess
driving a mower drawn by two tigers. Short
ly after the distribution several Germans stated
to an American Consul that such machinery
would be of no value and have no sale in Germany
because in that country the farmers are not used to
employing tigers in drawing their machines.
Thus it will be see.n the American advertiser who
seeks foreign custom must rely more upon words
than upon pictures. Had the hog product man sent
to England a picture of one of his lean pigs instead
of his Chicagoesque description he probably would
not have sold a side of bacon. Advertising is an art
that must be practiced in accord with national char
acteristics.
A GERMAN IRELAND.
ONLY a short time ago the Germans found in
the events of the South African war an op
portunity to assert themselves the support
ers of freedom and the foes of tyranny. They made
the most of it. Great mass-meetings were held to
express German sympathy with the brave Boers
fighting for liberty and to denounce the aggressive
British as the murderers of a brave and Christian
people. Now, however, the whirligig of time has
brought about its " revenge. The disturbances in
Prussian Poland have caught the attention of the
world and the British are now enjoying the satisfac
tion of declaring sympathy with the oppressed Poles
and denouncing the tyranny of the Germans.
When the Polish question was recently brought up
for discussion in the Reichstag the Chancellor de
clared it to be a Prussian and not a German ques
tion, and it seems he is right, for the laws of which
the Poles complain are Prussian and not German
laws. Kaiser Wilhelm, it appears, has been im
pressed by the act' of the Czar in Russianizing Fin
land and has sought to ; imitate his example. The
Poles under the dominion of the Prussian crown
have retained the Polish language and the Catholic
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 3O, 19.O1.
religion. The Kaiser has .sought to transform them
into Prussians by. compelling them to speak German
and become Lutherans. The result has been a
clamor that has been heard over Europe, and all
Germany is being held responsible for it.
A shprt time ago a number of Polish Catholic
children at Wreschen were said to have been so se
verely flogged by their Prussian school teachers for
refusing to learn German prayers and hymns that
several of them were crippled for life. The parents
took up the cause of their children, and many of
them were subjected to severe punishment in the way
of fines and imprisonment. Then the Polish nobles
espoused the cause of the people, and, finding no way
for redress in Prussia, have appealed to the Reichstag
and to the Catholics of South Germany.
The action of the Prussian Government in striving
to stamp out Polish nationality is in itself nothing
new, but for a long time no severe measures were
taken to that end, so that the present drastic policy
of the Government is not easy to understand. The
objection to Catholicism is particularly difficult to
explain, since Catholic nobles of other parts of Ger
many are high in favor at Berlin, and it is only in
Prussian Poland that any fight is being made against
the church. The only explanation thus far given is
that the Kaiser has been persuaded that the racial
and national sentiments of the Poles are being fos
tered by their priests and that it is necessary to
make the people Lutherans before he can make them
Prussians.
How far Russian experience in Finland and in
Russian Poland may furnish encouragement for the
Kaiser's policy cannot, be accurately estimated, for
Russian affairs are kept under cover of so much dark
ness that very little is known of them except their
capacity to generate anarchy, but the Kaiser can find
a potent warning against his policy in the record of
what Great Britain has achieved in her efforts to
stamp out the 'spirit of nationality in Ireland. If the
Kaiser be wise he can study that story with profit.
Mining experts are said to have estimated that the
Kimberley mines can continue to yield dia
monds at the present rate for 144 years to co.me,
and accordingly people who have not yet laid irw their
stock of diamonds need not fret. They can get them
later.
IMMIGRATION RESTRICTION.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that not only is Congress certain of re
enacting the Chinese restriction law, but the
chances are good for the passage of a general immi
gration bill which will remedy the defects in the pres
ent law and prevent much of the objectionable immi
gration that now pours into the country from other
nations than China.
A bill representing the views of Commissioner
General Powderly and other experts in the matter of
immigration has been introduced into Congress and
has found strong support. The aim of the framers of
the measure is to embody in' one act all necessary
provisions relating to immigration, to eliminate
from existing statutes whatever experience has
shown to be objectionable, to amend the sections
which have not stood the test of the courts, and to
add to the present lav/ whatever is required to meet
the needs of the time with respect to aliens seeking
admission to the country.
One of the notable features of the new measure is
a provision for the inspection abroad of persons de
siring to come to the United States, and, secondly,
for the supervision here of all immigrants admitted,
so that they may be deported if within a period of
five years they are found to be criminals or paupers.
For the purpose of providing partly at least for the
inspection and supervision it. is provided that the
head tax en aliens coming into the country shall be
raised from $1 to $3 and is to be imposed upon those
entering by land as well as upon those entering by
sea, but exceptions are made in favor of citizens of
Canada and of Mexico.
The bill prescribes that there shall be excluded
from the United States all idiots, insane persons,
paupers, persons likely to become a public charge;
persons afflicted with a loathsome or with a dangerous
contagious disease; persons" who have been convicted
of crime or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude;
polygamists, anarchists or persons who advocate the
overthrow of government, or the assassination of
public officials; persons whose migration to the
United States has been induced by offers, solicita
tions, promises or agreements, express or implied, of
labor or work or service; any person whose pas
sage is paid for with money of another, or who is as
sisted by others to come, unless it is satisfactorily
shown that such person does not belong to one of
the excluded classes, but this is not to be held to pre
vent persons living in the United States from send
ing for a relative or friend who is not of the ex
cluded classes.
The bill does not exclude persons who in othef
countries have been convicted of offenses purely po- •
litical and not involving moral turpitude, nor the im
portation of skilled labor when such labor is not to be
found unemployed in the United States. Further
more, the clause forbidding the importation of "con
tract labor" does not include under that head profes-.
sional actors, artists, lecturers or musicians, ministers
of any religious denomination, professors for col
leges or seminaries, persons belonging to any rec
ognized learned profession, or persons employed
strictly as personal or domestic servants.
The bill has been carefully prepared by men who
have long been earnest students of immigration
problems and is much better than the laws that now
prevail. It will of course undergo a close scrutiny in
the House and a long debate»upon it can be counted
on when it comes before the Senate. There will be,
therefore, ample opportunity to rid it of any defects
that may exist and still bring about its passage at
this session. There has been an urgent demand for
legislation in this direction, and it is full time the de
mand was satisfied.
Kaiser Wilhelm declares he can force Venezuela
to terms by merely seizing the customs duties at the
principal Venezuelan ports, but President Castro
says that should the seizure be made foreign mer
chants would suffer more than Venezuelans, so it
would seem Castro is willing to let the Kaiser go
ahead and take what he can get so long as he does
not invade the country. .
The country is now waiting to see whether the
famous New York arbitration committee is going to
do business or imitate the international high court of
arbitration appointed at The Hague Peace Con
ference.
■■'• , , , ' ; •
Within the last three months we have had three
new scientific cures for cancer, knd by and by we
may hear a call for volunteers to get themselves af
flicted with cancer for the purpose of testing the
RUSSIA PLANNING TO INCREASE ITS
RATING AS A POWER ON THE SEAS
RUSSIAN naval construction promises to be brisk during
the coming year. Five battleships of 12,000 tons and
20 knots are proposed, besides which there is the com
pletion of three cruisers, Oleg. Jemkchug and Izumred,
and a number of torpedo-boat destroyers. There are
on hand in home and foreign yards no less than sixty-six ves
sels of 298,575 tons, of which eleven, of 138,070 tons, are armored
ships. ,
The Russian cruiser Diana,' of 6730 tons, built at St. Peters
burg, had her steam trial November 13. The vessel drew 20
feet 10 inches on an even keel — two inches less than the In
tended draught— and was seventy tons short in her displace
ment. The three engines developed 12,129 horsepower, exceed
ing the contract by 519, but no information is given as to
whether the Intended speed of 20 knots was obtained. The
keel of the Diana was laid down in July, 1896, and the vessel
was launched October 12, 1899. The Diana has therefore been
five and a half years under construction, while the Variag of
the same type and tonnage was built for Russia at Cramp's
yard in about three years, the keel being laid October 13, 1898,
the vessel being launched October 31, 1899, and the last official
trial taking place October 1, 1900. '
The Russian cruiser Djiglt arid the Kniaz Pojarski', armored
coast defense ships, are being thoroughly overhauled at St.
Petersburg. The copper sheathing is being removed and zinc
sheathing substituted. The Djigit was ..built in 1876 and the
Kniaz Pojarski in 1867, and their wood-sheathed and coppered
bottoms do not appear to have caused the hulls to deteriorate
to any alarming degree. The substitution of zinc for copper
is in the line of economy, as the -vessels have naturally be
come obsolete and are not likely to last many more years.
* * *
The Amazone, a German protected cruiser oil 2800 tons,
went into commission November 15 last. She was built at the
Germania Yard, Kiel, being laid down September, 1899. Simi
lar vessels, named the Ariadne, Medusa and Thetis, begun at
the same time, are practically completed and two more not yet
named are in course of construction. ISermany will have in
these vessels seven useful cruisers— fast, economical in steam
ing and with good batteries, consisting of ten 4-inch, ten 1
pounders, eight machine guns and two torpedo tubes. Their
engines of 8000 horsepower will give a speed of 21 to 22 knots,
and 'their coal capacity is 580 tons. Two of these cruisers, the
Gazelle and Niobe, are wood-sheathed and coppered.
The British Admiralty has ordered four more 160-foot tor
pedo-boats of 25 knots speed from Thornycroft.
A detective employed by the Admiralty in the Devonport
dockyard had a narrow escape recently while endeavoring to
spot the workmen who were loafing. He was passing under
the battleship Queen, in course of construction, when a piece
of steel weighing nine pounds was dropped from above and
fell right in front of the detective. The yard officials have
made strenuous efforts to find out who was responsible for this
"carelessness," but had not succeeded at last accounts, .and
the detective has thrown up a job which he has reason to be
lieve is extra hazardous.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
JANUARY DATE— S. D. G.. Oat Hill.
Cal. The first Friday in November, 1882,
fell on the 10th of the month.
FIFTY CENT PIECE— E. & B., O. V.,
City. A fifty cent piece of 1825 is not
classed as a premium coin.
NEW YORK ADDRESS-A. G., Hilo, H.
I. The New York address of Andrew
Carnegie is No. 5 West Fifty-first street.
TREATIES— F, F. C, CITY— You can
find the Monroe doctrine and all of the
United States treaties at the Free Public
Library in this city.
THE ERIE CANAL— A. O. D. F., City.
The Erie Canal which connects the Hud
son River at Troy with Lake Erie at
Buffalo was commenced in 1817 and was
finished in 1825.
HIS NAME-A. L. S., Suisun, Cal. There
is no combination of letters in the Eng
lish language that will give a correct pro
nunciation of Czolgosz, the name of the
assassin of President McKinley.
WATCHMAN— J. F. M., City. If you
wish to know the result of the examina
tion for a watchman's position for the
girls' high school, call at the Civil Service
office.
STREET RAILROADS— R. H. G., City.
The most comprehensive work on street
railroads in the United States is the
American Street Railway Guide. There is
considerable information on such in Poor's
Railroad Manual.
AREA— R. H. G., City. The following Is
given as the area in square miles of the
places named: Greater New York, 308;
Manhattan Borough, 19.65; New Orleans,
ICC; Los Angeles, 36; Seattle, 30; Portland,
Or., 39%; San Francisco, 4134.
VARIOUS COINS, J. F. L., San Jose,
Cal.— From $3 to $5 is offered for pine tree
shillings; a half dollar of 1806 does not
command a premium: the other coins de
scribed in letter of inquiry are not men
tioned in the catalogues.
POKER DICE— W. F. S., City. In poker
dice Florence lays down the rule that:
"If a player has a pair of aces, a three,
four or five, and the other has also a pair
of aces, a two, three and six, the six
makes his hand the -best and he takes the
pot.".
HIGH, LOW, JACK, GAME-S., City.
A's contention in a game of high, low,
jack and game, that if a certain suit is
led and he holds trumps and suit card in
his hand, he can play either and save a
pedro or sancho at any time, is correct;
he is not bound to follow suit.
VALUE OF DIAMONDS— W. T., Sacra
mento, Cal. The price of diamonds Is
regulated by the supply and the demand
and by purity of the stone and the size,
also if it is absolutely free from flaw or
blemish. The value of a gem increases
in the geometrical ratio of its weight.
RAILROAD SPEED— A. S., City. The
fastest time by a railroad in the United
States was by the Empire State Express
one mile in 22 seconds, equal to 112.5 miles
per hour. The fastest regular trains in
the United States are said to be those
on the Philadelphia and Reading route in
summer, the average being 71.2 miles per
hour.
SANCHO PEDRO— N. N., City. In the
game of sancho pedro the count is high,
low, jack, game, sancho and pedro, if so
agreed. If in a game of sancho A holds
jack and pedro and has three to go and
B holds high, low, game and sancho and
has nine to go B, by reason of his cards,
goes out first. In double pedro In the case
of trumps the pedro of trumps counts
first.
BEDBUGS— CM., City. Bedbugs may
be destroyed by putting in the joints of
the bed and in the cracks of the sur
base in which the pests locate equal
parts of turpentine and kerosene. Filling
up the cracks with hard soap is also an
excellent remedy. Bedsteads should be
examined in March and April to destroy
the eggs laid by the bugs.
THE MARY FLINT-N. C . G., Hono
lulu, H. I. The collier Marv Flint collided
with the United States steamship Iowa
ln the bay of San Francisco and sank on
the night of the Sth of September, 1900, on
the occasion of the naval parade by the
Native Sons of the Golden West in cele
bration of the fiftieth anniversary of the
admission of the State of California into
the Union.
AN OVATE— Subscriber, City. Those
who receive the first degree ln the United
Ancient Order of Druids are called
ovates. An ovate Is a man of letters or
science, a philosopher. An 'ovate is com
monly understood to be an Eisteddfodic
graduate ,who is neither a bard nor a
Druid. I In ancient times an ovate was a
man of letters or science, or more prop
erly, a teacher of the same.
A STRAIGHT FLUSH— W. F. S.. City;
A straight or royal flush in pqker is the
SSSS^tSuSlV^itli the $600,000 steel floating dock at Algiers,
tnat ine J- r ""V"; . ver an( j that the dock would be used
n6a L^v December i) At a recent preliminary trial the
doc^asTowS^ ascertain that everything was in working
ordeV Punjs and valves worked satisfactorily and the dock
SsunUoa depth of about sixteen feet when It came to a
JSd Son A diver was sent down to find out what was tho
matter and he reported that an old coal barge on the bottom
™lnted further descent of the dock. Later It was reported
fh^I the ?oca«on of this floating dock is defective In that there
H too muck I water under it, and that the hole In which it
operate? is so much deeper than the river bottom around it as
?o become a veritable trap, into which sunken craft and other
debris o? the Mississippi find a lodging place. No detai a have
been published as to how the trouble was finally remedied.
Wholesale defects are saia to exist in the French navy. It
is asserted by the LIbertie that seven out of the fourteen
shins composing the Mediterranean squadron were undergoing
reiaire when the recent dispute with Turkey necessitated a
na4l demonstration, and that four battleships of the reserve
na\aiaemoH»u<t . channel fleet two
SuiesSps™ e iTlc^dVthird is soon to follow while
three out of four cruisers are under repairs at dockyards.
The ships on the China station are the only ones in the for
eign and colonial service said to be effective.
The French armored cruiser Leon Gambetta. launched Octo
ber 26 last is 12,400 tons and will carry 3278 tons of armor.
equal to over one-fourth of the displacement. In the Pennsyl
vScassof battleships now building for the United States
navy the displacement is 15,000 tons and the weight of armor
3412 tons or 22.7 per cent of the displacement. The Leon Gam
betta carries more armor proportionately than any other sea
going armored ship In any navy, and in consequence armament
and coal-carrying is correspondingly curtailed.
The Thornycroft water tube boiler is used in 250 war ves
sels namely twenty-five battleships, twenty-six cruisers and
the rest gunboats, destroyers and torpedo-boats. Twelve bat
tleships in the German navy and the Missouri and Ohio In tha
United States navy are fitted with this type of boiler.
The Japanese torpedo-boat destroyer Akatsuki, built by
Yarrow's, had a three hours' trial November 21 and made a
mean speed of 31.121 knots, carrying a load of forty tons. The
principal data of the trial are: Steam in boilers, 230 pounds;
air pressure in stokehold, 1.3 inches; revolutions, 404; horse
powers 6450; coal consumption, 1.97 pounds per unit of horse
power; highest speed during half an houn 32.876 knots and
lowest speed, 29.508 knots. The boat Is 220 feet 3 inches in
length 20 feet 6 inches beam and displaces 32o ton3 on a mean
draught of 5 feet 4 inches. The armament consists of one 12
pounder. five 6-pounders and two torpedo tubes. The contract
was signed November 5, 1900, the launch took place November
13 last and the preliminary trial was made on the day fol
lowing.
PERSONAL MENTION.
L. W. Fulkerth, an attorney of Modesto,
Is sft the Lick.
J. B. Forker, a business man of Oil City,
is at the Occidental.
J. M.- Day, a mining man of Los An
geles, is at the Grand.
Dr. C. L. Guild of Palo Alto is at the Oc
cidental for a brief stay.
H. W. Robinson, a business man of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
, John A. Bunting, a mining man of Cen
terVille, is at the Occidental.
M~A. Martin, a mine owner of Tucson,
Arizona, is staying at the Lick.
Railroad Commissioner Edson is regis
tered at the Occidental from Gazelle.
Superior Judge A. G. Brice of New Or
leans, La., is registered at the Grand.
H. M\ von Holt, a wealthy sugar planter
of Honolulu, is at the Occidental with his
family, having just returned from a Euro
pttfin trip.
Colonel R. M. O'Reilly. U. S. A., who
comes to succeed Colonel Greenleaf as
chief surgeon of the Department of Cali
fornia, is registered at the Occidental.
Colonel James Fornly, United States
Marines, is -a guest at the Palace. He
sails on the Sheridan for Cavite, where he
will asume command of a battalion of
marines.
highest of all the hands; it must consist
of a sequence of five cards of the same
suit. The value, of course, is determined
after the manner the straight is, the high
er or highest card or cards winning.
When straights are not played the
straight fiush ranks no higher than the
common flush. Sometimes two straight
flushes will be equal, in which event the
pot must be divided.
CALIFORNIA MISSIONS— C. M.. Oak
land, Cal. The article in The Call rela
tive to the great Spanish highway of Cali
fornia, showing the location of the mis
sions, was published on the 12th of Sep
tember, 1901. You may obtain a copy of
the same at the business office. The cost
of bi\ck number is. If one month old. 5
cents: two months, 10 cents; three months,
15 cents: four months, 20 cents, and for
months more than four, 10 cents addition
al per month.
TO RENEW FRIENDSHIP-Sunburst.
Oakland, Cal. What is suitable as a gift
to renew friendship that has been severed
between two persons, depends upon the
best judgment of the one who desires to
offer the olive branch of peace. It is not
the value of a gift that cuts any figure in
such a case, but the spirit in which it Is
given. Anything that would be useful to
the prospective recipient or that could be
used daily would serve as a constant re
minder of a friendship lost and renewed.
NOT A DETECTIVE AGENCY— C., Oak
land, Cal. The department of Answers to
Correspondents was established to furnish
information of a general character, and
does not undertake to set "one of its men
with nothing to do on the trail to find out
the name and occupation of the facher,
the maiden name and residence of the
mother and, if possible, the present resi
dence of the mother and child" In the
case of a child that was born in 1899. This
is purely a personal and private matter,
and if you wish that information you had
better secure the services of a private de
tective agency.
TAPIOCA— J. A., Portervllle, Cal. Tapi
oca is produced from the root of the
manioc, a large, shrubby plant, native of
South America, but also extensively culti
vated in South Africa and other tropical
countries. Manioc, or mandioca, is the
Brazilian name for this plant. In -She
West Indies it is called cassava, and in
Peru Its name is yucca. The plant grows
In a bushy form from six to eight feet
high, sometimes higher. The stems are
large and pithy, the branches crooked,
the leaves growing in a cluster at the
end of the branches. The roots are very
large, turnip-like, sometimes we!ghln<*
thirty pounds, from three to eight grow"
ing in a cluster, usually from a foot to
two feet in length. They contain a very
poisonous milk juice, but as the poison
ous quality results from the presence of
hydrocyanic acid this can be easily and
entirely removed by boiling. When the
poison ls driven out the juice ls made into
a sauce, quite peppery, in flavor, which is
very wholesome as a condiment and much
liked by the South Americana, it is also
sweetened, with molasses, fermented and
converted into an intoxicating drink
After the juice is pressed out the root Is
grated, dried on hot metal plates and then
powdered, this substance becoming a fa
vorite kind of farinn. The starch of the
root is obtained by allowing the juice to
stand for some time after boiling when
the starch settles to the bottom This is
washed and dried on hot plates, and dur
ing the process of heating the starch is
stirred with an ironrod, the grains burst
some of the starch is converted into dex
trine and the whole agglomerates into
small, irregular masses. This Is what is
known as the tapioca of commerce
HOTEL DEL CORONADO. choicest Wintei
Resort ln the world, offers best living clmate
boating, bathing. fisUlns . and m £ «»£££
meats. E. S. Babcock. manager. Coronado. Cal
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Mrs. Tattler— I'd have you know I weigh
my words.
Mr. Tattler— It must keep you awfully
busy.— Yonkers Statesman.
He — She has acquired some prominence
as a novelist.
She — Of the romantic school, I suppose?
He— Oh, yes! Vassar.— Philadelphia
Press.
"It Is admitted that Napoleon Bona
parte can get along without that statue
that they propose to give to him in St.
Louis."
"Of Corsican!"— Cleveland Plain-Dealer.
"He says he's writing for a living now."
"I believe he is."
"Why, he can't write."
"Oh, yes. He can write; 'Dear Father-
Please send me another fifty." He does
that about twice a month."— Philadelphia
Kecord.
Novelist (desperately)— Unless my book
succeeds at once I shall starve to death!
Publisher (cordially)— My dear sir, I
commend your resolution. Nothing you
could do would better advertise your
work, I think.— Life.
A Connecticut man who advertises for
a wife stipulates that she must have a
peg-leg. It cannot be conceived what the
old fellow is after, unless it be a wife
who can facilitate her household work
by kneading bread and mashing potatoes
at the same time.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"We don't seem to find things comin*
our way as fast as they used to," said
Meanderins Mike.
"Cheer up," said Plodding Pete. "If
you want to see somethln' comin' your
way jes go back to dat, house an' say
'Pretty Fido" to de brlndle dog dat's
lyin' on de porch."— Washington Star.
"Well," said the first bicyclist, "we
ought to be right In the middle of Bligg
vllle, according to the map; yet, as you
may see for yourself, we are on a mud
road some miles from anywhere."
"I can't understand it." said the second
bicyclist, "unless the map was made by
some of those naval experts."— Baltimore
American.
"Have you ever made any effort to im
prove your mind?" asked one of Farmer
Corntossel's feminine relatives.
"Nope," was the answer. "We've im
proved our boy Josh's mind, an' we want
him to git the full benefit. Ef some of us
didn't eat with our knives an' say 'then
there-' we wouldn't realize how refined
Josh is."— Washington Star.
Nature's Ice Machine.
Among the picturesque mountains of
Auvergne, France, are the evidences of
former violent volcanic action. In. the
craters of these old-time volcanoes Ice
now forms when the air temperature dur
ing the day has been above ninety.
"How comes it that the rain caught here
freezes during the warm night?" It is this
question that M. Glangeaud tried to an
swer before a recent meeting of the Paris
Academy.
The rocks of this volcanic region, he
said, are generally of a porous nature and
absorb large quantities of water, which is
Sw??\£? th «-»«rface where the lava
sheet is thin. Under the Influence of solar
heat an intense evaporation Is produced
which reduces the temperature to such a
degree that Ice la formed
t J?V?^V 011 ls su PP0rted by the
fact that it is Just in the hottest time of
the year when the shade temperature
reaches ninety-three degrees that the ic«
formation has been noticed
Telling Time Near.
t£^T« U fl ln *** Ice ~ boun d north the Es
hS,«;» V enturles behind the rest of
humanity, have no clocks, yet they man
curacy.' 6 " ""* WUh * 0 ?tc-
whJt thpl Safre n ?i , dayS la m e«ured by
what they call "sleeps." The Eskimo
1 aV r ¥ Ular ln hls hablts ' H e works
?o th e ra d V a e v 3 S?- n * the tlmo
JwS Ji y ' b K Ut aS soon as th « h °ur for
«™?. 6S he » eel " "pose and never
arouses from his heavy slumber until
nine hours have passed. One day is
therefore one "sleep," a week seven
Sleeps and a month thirty "sleeps."
A keen observation of the sun and the
stars enables the Eskimo to tell the
toe of day. During his expeditions
whenever Lieutenant Peary wished to tell
a native that he wanted him at a certain
hour he would do It by pointing to the
sun or a particular star and showing Just
where in the heavens it would be at the
particular time. The Eskimo would com
prehend instantly and never failed to keep
the appointment at the time stipulated
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
— ■ • « .
CaL Glace Kruit 50c per lb at Townsentl's. •
Special inforiaatioa supplied dally to
Pres« e ?>MT^ Use ?> and P ublI ° men «>.
tomerv^ i??i f eau (Allen's). 510 Mont*
«omery street. Telephone Main 1042. •f AMUSEMENTS.
PPECIAL, MATIXEE NKW TEAR'S DAT.
T'sual Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
TO-XIGHT and Every Evening; This Week.
MINNIESELIG1AN
"A LADY OF QUALITY."
By Frances Hodcson Burnett and Stephen
Town send.
POPl-LAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, COc, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, £5c .
Next Week— MINNIE RELIGMAN in a
rtrand PouWe 15111 of "OOMEDT AND TRAG-
EDT" and "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA."
SPECIAL HATINEE THURSDAY,
JANUART 2.
/
PICOLO'S LUiZPUTIAlTS,
BITTER'S TRAINED DOGS
and the Great
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; box seats
and opera chairs. 50c.
Evenings at 8 Sharp.
Matinee SATURDAY and NEW YEAR'S
DAY at 2 Sharp.
"IT HAS CCME TO STAT."
Ferris Hartman's Merry Extravaganza.
Little Red
Riding Hood
BE SURE AND BRING THE CHILDREN.
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 00c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
Curtain Rises — Evenings. 8:S0; Matinees 2:15
ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees New Tear's Day and Saturday.
Mary Mannering
JANICE "MEREDITH.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
MATINEE PERFORMANCE THURSDAY AI~-
TERXOOX. JANUART 2.
MARY MANNERING IN
"OAMILLE."
Next Monday— MODJESKA AND JAMES in
" HENRY Vlli."
Ow"f HIATR iTHT
Belasco & Thali, Mgrrs. m. ~.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL (fNfftVfy
THIS WEEK, /S&iljiSL
EXTRA MATINEE *&~& jesS
>XEW YEAR'S DAY! ■5§tM*<i'*S3£i,
Our Holiday Fur., /^"EleS^l^Nk
CHARLEY'S Pf§P
AUNT. |g; .^31
"From Brazil. Where the ' ' \*^t£||
A Laush a Minute for 2 .. f • u'yjfc>
Ueru'.sr Matinee Satur- J^ . %^t*a£&£?LjS > *\.
Prices — 15, 20, •';"•, «vj. 75c. tata^'Mr«<M'
BEIAS CO amo TH ALLS \JfojrfW*
*^i» 1 *^ BfOTtCtTtlUUA
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
Dtrimaa Thompson's Great Plav,
,THE TWO
•S/3 TERS.
A PLAY EVERYBODY SHOULD REE.
Superb Production. Novt-l irpecialtles. etc.
Ke;rular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
JiL'trCC Ei-pninfff ". 10c to 50c
rIiiWE3 llatinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "LOST IN NEW YORK."
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
THE GREATEST COLORED SHOW ON
EARTH.
Matinees New Year's uay and Saturday.
™ r BLACK PATTl
V \Ss TROUBADOURS
BLACK PAT k I,
The Greatest S'.nsrer or Her Race, -
And JOHN RUCKER. "The Alabama Blos-
som," and 30 Ebony E<--stades.
f-pecial Feature — Grand Gold Medal Champion
CAKE WALK
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Evenings.
Feats Ready.
Next Sunday, Jan. 5— "WHOSE BABY ARE
YOU?" — "Don't You Remember?"
Seats Thursday.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
NEv!| TEAR'S, THURSDAY". SATURDAY
AND SUNDAY.
ADMISSION 25c AND COc.
ggi^ RACING
F very W eck Day —
(r Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. shan>.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
2:30, 1. 1:30. 2. 2:S0 and 8 p. m., connecting
•ith trains stopping «.t the entrance to the
rack. L*ust two cara on train reserved ror
t<Jles end their escorts; no emokinK. Buy your
»rry tickets to Shell Mound. All trami via
ckland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
Ic-etric cars at Seventh and Brcadway. Oak-
• nd. Also all trains via Alaineda mole con-
, ect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
?enth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrio
irs co direct to the track In fifteen mlnutee.
r Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHA8. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
ICrUUR'C CONCERT HOUSE
lDt»IlL<n O Acmi»»-on tOc.
Pn^^A. J. Topping ; The Sorensen*; Paloma
•jurtW, Mullen and Lord; Valkyra: Ethel Cul-
ethr Coleman and Mexie ; Hilly Johnson, and
inrich*' Orchestia. Reserved Seats, 25c.
atinee Sunday and New Year's^ <--i ■ '
; My Gefl $1.00 dbt Year
BLACK PATTI'S
SINGERS PLEASE
Celebrated Troupe Opens
Week at California
Theater.
Entertaining Plays Are on
at All the Local
Playhouses.
Black Patti'a Troubadours opened their
engagement at the California Theater last
evening. Black PattI was in excellent
voice and sang old Bongs that tended to
revive many pleasant memories. The
performance has improved since the last
\islt, the chorus singing being especially
effective. All the turns -go with a. snap
and dash and the many good things on
the programme should cause a good
week's business.
Principal among the entertainers Is
Mack Allen, a slack wire equilibrist, who
does some new "stunts" -with skill. Al
Watts and John Rucker are " heard in
some clever comedy -work) and the male
quartet was recalled several times for Its
splendid rendition of vocal numbers. The
buck dance, which concluded the opening
farce, "A Filipino Mis-Fit." displayed the
agility of several members of the troupe.
The singing of "My Drowsy Babe" by the
Misses Forcen and Green pleased the
large audience present. The cakewalk,
as usual, made the hit of the evening,
and on Thursday, Friday and Saturday
evenings the contest for a gold medal,
open to all comers, will take place. Next
Sunday evening "Whose Baby Are You?"
begins a week's engagement.
Joe Welch, who completely captivated
the Orpheum audiences during the first
half of his engagement here, is again the
feature of this week of an extraordinar
ily good bill at that theater.
Welch has made an entire change in his
monologue, and, if anything, it is cleverer
than his earlier act. No monologulst ever
on the coast has created the furore that
greets Welch's appearance on the stage
and continues until he leaves it. Last
night the house was in an uproar
throughout Welch's turn axid he was nois
ily encored a half dozen times.
Picolo's llliputians, four in number, give
a wonderful comedy and gymnastic enter
tainment and immediately established
themselves in popular favor.
Mclntyre and Heath contribute the best
act; they do "The Man From Montana."
Elizabeth Murray sings coon songs
fetchingly and tells a series of new jokes.
Also on the programme are Anglos
trio, Hitter's trained dogs, W. C. Fields
and the Union Gatling Guards.
What promised to be an insurmountable
obstacle to Mclntyre and Heath's per
formance turned up just before the time
for them to begin. Otto* Johnson, their
assistant, was doing a sleight-of-hand act
at a neighboring theater and forgot the
clock.
Mclntyre. who makes Johnson the par
ticular butt of his best jokes, was in a
flurry, and the audience waited.
As a means out of the dilemma Harrv
Orndorff, the Orpheum's stage manager,
volunteered as a "fall guy." He knew
nothing of the dialogue, but ordered the
curtain up and went bravely on with the
comedian to take his medicine.
Orndorff was immediately recognized
and got a rousing reception from the reg
ulars scattered over the house. He ac
quitted himself most creditably until the
belated Johnson walked on the stage and
Orndorff backed off.
While Orndorff was doing his "stunt"
the bartenders forsook their business and
the doorkeepers crowded down the line
to witness the stage manager's debut as
an actor.
Johnson was good-naturedly jollied by
the audience for his tardiness. It evi
dently thought he had got stranded on
the cocktail route.
Mary Mannering with "Janice Mere
ofth" will remain the attraction at the
Columbia Theater for another week, with
matinees on New Year's day and Satur
day. The charming young woman has won
all hearts by her beauty and talent and
her engagement promises to be one of the
most successful of the season. Miss Man
nering Is excellently supported by the
strong company she brings with her, all
of the many parts in the cast being un
dertaken with much skill and intelligence.
On Thursday next at a special matinee
"Camille" will be put on, with Miss Man
nerlng in the title role. It is Miss Man
nering's first appearance In the role and
therefore an occasion of peculiar interest
to play-goers. H. S. Northrup, Charles
Cherry, Amy Ricard and Robert Drouet
will also appear in the cast.
The New Year's bill at the Grand
Opera House is to be the pretty comedy
•'A Lady of Quality," by Stephen Town
tend and Frances Hodgson Burnett. Miss
Minnie Seligman will appear in the title
role and will do justice to its attraction.
She will be well supported by the Grand
Opera House stock company. A special
matinee is announced for New Year's
day. The part is said to be one of the best
in Miss Sellgman's repertoire and the play
one of the most popular.
The Alcazar has too good a thing in
"Charley's Aunt" to change the bill this
week at l»ast. All the principal members
of the company have congenial parts in
the hilarious farce, Frank Bacon in par
ticular having a beautiful opportunity as
Lord Babbcrlev.
Margaret Wycherley. Marion Convere,
Marie Howe, Oza Waldrop, M. L«. Alsop
and others of the excellent company ap
pear in the cast and the programme has
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEB-PICIDirS MISSION-.
New Remedy That Destroys the
Dandruff Germs.
Nothing Ik more annoying to men or
•women of middle age when they notice
that their hair is growing thinner, when
they must admit that the first indications
of baldheadedness have commenced to' ap-
pear. Many would give a thousand dol-
lars and more for a rtmedy with which
to preserve their natural head dress.
However, they don't need to; Newbro's
Herpicide removes the effect of dandruff
by destroying the cause, the only dan-
druff cure that actually destroys the
dandruff germ.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city — depots, ferries and parks —
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
amusements;
chutes7ni[zoo e M5»
Macomber and Engleton, The Sere-
naders, Worden and Shepard, Hines
and Kimball, Goleman's Dogs and
Cats, Deaves' Manikins.
New Moving Pictures.
ELLA BURT
COASTS THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
TO-MORROV/ NIGHT— NEW TEAR'S EVE.
FIREWORKS MIDNIGHT.
Telephona for g«»i» — r>«,it 23.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1901.
MRS. GOULD'S CHANGE
OF MIND SAVES SON
Plot of Kidnapers Is Remarkable for Its
Boldness and Ingenuity.
Special Dispatch, to Th.6 Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Police Commissioner Mur
phy to-day pronounced the plan to kidnap the 12
year-old son of George J. Gould as the boldest and
~ most ingenious criminal conspiracy in the history
of the New York police. But for the fact that Mrs. Gould
changed her mind, and, instead of leaving the operarhouse
at 4 o'clock, as she ordered, waited until the close of the
performance, it might have succeeded.
Two swift automobiles, instead of one, were to have
been used by the abductors. They were gasoline machines
of an identical pattern. The color and trimmings of both
vehicles were in the same style and the chauffeurs were
dressed alike from top to toe. A boy about the age of
young Jay Gould was to have .been used to add to the con
fusion. It was not difficult to have him so clad on the ap
pointed day as to present a general resemblance to the 12
year-old heir to millions. The most hot-footed pursuers
would have been perplexed, according to the plan of the
plotters, if the two automobiles were speeding in different
directions, each vehicle and its occupants agreeing in every
detail with the description given by those who might have
chanced to see the start.
It was expected that the chance might come at 4
o'clock on Saturday afternoon, the hour at which Mrs.*
Gould ordered a public automobile to return for her at For
tieth-street entrance of the opera-house. This stretch of
sidewalk and street is little frequented at that hour, and ve
hicles do not block the way in either direction. It was ar
ranged that the two machines should meet side by side at
this entrance; when the Gould party should come out the
boy was to have been seized and thrown into one of them,
alongside a captor, while the decoy lad was to have been
picked up from the sidewalk in similar fashion. .
The police have not yet located the would-be kidnap-,
ers.
VAIN REGRETS
WASTE OF TIME
Rev. G. C. Adams Says
Something Regarding
Resolution.
Special Christmas services were held
yesterday at the First Congregational
Church. Both for the morning and even-
Ing service programmes were prepared
and the Rev. George C. Adams delivered
two addresses. His subject for the morn-
Ing sermon was the "Incarnation." In the
evening he addressed the congregation on
the timeliness of our resolutions. The
evening sermon was in part as follows:
When Jesus said. "Sleep on, take your rest.
Let us rise and be going." there was no con
tradiction. The time had passed when the
'three disciples might have comforted him in
his greatest agony. But he did not mean that
there was no other work to be -done One op
portunity had been lost, but there were others
of the future to be met.
So far as the year that is gone is concerned
take your rest. The chance for doing some
thing for God is gone. The manly thing is not
to waste time and rerrets over the past, but
to prepare for the future.
The beauty of Jesus Christ is that he always
gives us another chance. There are two ways.
Repentance doesn't mean the spending of time
In vain regrets, but going forward and push
ing our way over obstacles that stand before
us. Sometimes it takes our lifetime to know
what we might have been. . It is an awful
torment to realize our lost opportunities.
The opportunities in the year to come must
be met. We must be contented to make some
blunders. Let us begin with the new year
and turn over a new leaf, and with the light
of Jesus Christ and in God's presence let us
try to lead a life like Jesus Christ himself.
The pulpit of Emanuel Evangelical
Church was last night occupied by Hon.
George Barsoom, who lectured > upon the
subject "General Conditions of Christmas
in the Turkish Empire." An appropriate
Christmas sermon was delivered in the
morning by the Rev. F. W. Fischer.
At the First Baptist Church yesterday
morning the Rev. Edward J. Harper
preached on the subject, "The Transfigur
ation." In the evening his subject was
"Man a Responsible Being." Special
music was a feature at both services.
The Rev. J. A. B. Wilson discussed the
theme "The Story of a Star" at the How
ard-Street M. E. Church last night. A
fine programme of music was rendered.
"A New Year and a New Life" was the
subject of an eloquent discourse by the
Rev. John Stephens at the Simpson M. E.
Church last evening.
apparently been productive of the liveliest
satisfaction to Alcazar patrons.
The Central Theater will put on this
week Denman Thompson's favorite play,
"The Two Sisters." The drama will be
staged with the richness and attention to
detail that mark the whole effort of the
management and will be excellently cast.
The usual good specialties that have be
come a feature of this theater's pro
grammes will also be given and the usual
good audiences of the popular house will
doubtless find their way to the theater
this -week, with the attractive bill for bait.
"Little Red Riding Hood" at the Tivoli
Is -still drawing its multitudes. It Is the
right thing for the season, the right thing
for the baby, the right thing for the
grown-up, and no child should miss it, nor
any one who can borrow a baby as excuse
for going. Ferris Hartman has fitted out
the company with new songs and jokes of
the best, and Annie Myers, Ferris himself,
Edward Webb and Harry Cashman all
shine to the limit of their luminosity. The
transformation scene is a particular fa
vorite and the whole bill one of the most
attractive in the holiday repertoire.
Professor A. J. Topping, the mind
reader, is the star of Fischer's good bill
this week. Others on the list of clever
entertainers are the Sorensens, Paloma
Quartet. Mullen and Lord, Valkyra, Ethel
Culbreth. Coleman and Mexls, Billy John
son and Hinrichs' Orchestra.
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day Includes Macomber and Engleton,
travesty artists; the Serenaders; Werden
and Shepard in illustrated songs; Deaves'
Merry Manikins; Hlnes and Kimball,
acrobatic marvels, and Coleman's per
forming dogs and cats: A series of new
moving pictures will also be shown.
Roosovelt Unable to Attend.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— In a communi
cation to Baron Coubertin, president of
the' Olympian games to be held in Chicago
In 1904, President Roosevelt has Indicated
that it will not be possible for him to pre
side on that occasion, as it has been hoped
he would. The President takes the keen
est interest in the contests which are to
be the features of the games and so ex
presses himself to Baron Coubertin, bu£
regretted that for various reasons it
would be Impracticable for him to pre
£i<lo. ;•» -V - , ...•■■ : -.'~" ?'-.
MELODY AND FUN
FOR THE POLICE
Widows' .and Orphans'
Aid Association Gives
Entertainment,
Mirth and melody reigned in Judge Con
lan's courtroom In the Hall of Justice yes
terday afternoon, the occasion being the
annual entertainment and installation of
officers of the Widows and Orphans'
Aid Association of the police department.
The courtroom was crowded with mem
bers of the association and their lady
friends, and the entertainment provided
for them was thoroughly enjoyed. The
bench and railing in front of the clerk's
desk were beautifully decorated with the
Stars andiStripes and evergreens.
The first part of the programme was the
installation of officers, the ceremony be
ing performed by Lieutenant John B.
Martin, the retiring vice president, the
late Chief Sullivan having been president
at the time of his death. The officers in
stalled were: John Ralnsbury, president;
Robert Kerrison, vice president; John J.
O'Meara, recording secretary; Samuel H.
Rankin, financial secretary; Peter Fan
ning, George Lake, Daniel A. Sylvester,
Samuel Orr and John "W. Davids, trus
tees.
The literary part of ' the programme
commenced with piano selections by Pro
fessor E. Wallenberg. Then came,
through the courtesy of John Morrlssey of
the Orpheum, Otto C. Johnson with
sleight of hand tricks, Arnold Grazer and
Blanche Trelease in cakewalk and spe
cialties and W. C. Fields in his clever
juggling tricks. Then followed the Palo
ma Ladies' Quartet, from Fischer's Con
cert-house; Professor Topping, mind
reader; Professor Recke, zither selections;
Miss Edith Donovan, piano selections,
finely rendered; O. W. Harrold, songs; J.
McGrath, songs; Miss Addle Durang, reci
tations, and Eddie Sweeney, in funny
stories. The last number on the pro
gramme was the Manhattan Quartet— H.
Colman, first tenor; Fred Scanlan, second
tenor; George Sweeney, first bass, and
Robert Davis, second bass — under the
management of Jack Holland. They were
broug-ht into court shackled by an officer
and placed In the dock, where they
charmed the audience with their sweet
singing.
'All the numbers were so thoroughly rel
ished that each performer was encored,
some of them three or four times.
AMATEUR GOLFER PLAYS
A SENSATIONAL GAME
T. C. Watrous Defeats Alex. Smith,
the Professional, by Six Points
on San Diego Links.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 29.— The golf links of
the Country Club -were the scene this
morning of some surprising play on the
part of T. C. Watroua, a member of the
club and an enthusiastic player.
Alex Smith, the professional, who has
charge of the Coronado links and who is
accounted one of the best players in the
country, was on this side of the bay on
a visit, and a game was started, In which
he and Watrous, Clarertce Sprigg and
George Hawley were to go over the nine
hole course of the Country Club.
Watrous had no thought of making a
phenomenal score, but he beat Smith,
whose score was 43, by six points. He
knocked one point off the "bogey" record,
which Is supposed to be the best a player
could make on the course. The course is
2425 yards long and has the usual number
of hazards for the players to overcome.
FOOLISHLY JUMPS FROM
THE BBOOEXYET BRIDGE
Wholesale Liquor Dealer Makes ths
Leap and in All Probability
Will Die.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— John Pinover, a
wholesale liquor dealer of Mlddletown, N.
Y., to-day jumped from the Brooklyn
bridge. He is still alive at a hospital.
Pinover told the doctors he simply want
ed to see if he could make the jump and
live. I
The leap was taken in the afternoon
from the girders near the New York tow
er. A Government tug lowered a boat
and Pinover was taken out of the water,
apparently lifeless. At the hospital- he
was unconscious for three hours.
Marconi Arrives at Montreal.
MONTREAL, Dec. 29.— SIgnor Marconi,
inventor of wireless telegraphy, arrived
here to-day. He is en route to Ottawa,
whither he is going, to consult the Cana
dian Government and to thank the of
ficials for the assistance offered him.
Roanoke Rye. Honey - and j Horehound.
Its quality tells the story, . •
JOHN M'NAUGHT
STIRS AUDIENCE
Declares Democracy Is
Hesitating and
Halting. \
Co-operation of Few Never
Gets Beyond "Commun
ism of Pelf."
"The Progress of Democracy" was the
subject of John McNaught's address at
Pythian Hall last evening. The lecturer
spoke to a crowded, sympathetic and en
thusiastic audience — sympathetic because
the subject was near to them, and enthu
siastic because of the telling and pungent
arguments, with which they were in full
accord. Democracy, said the lecturer,
had heretofore nothing to fear In
going forward to its destined goal,
that of • the completely organized
state — a state whose people would
work together and not against one
another, where the distribution of wealth
would be fairly accomplished and where
each man would have full equality of
rights and privileges..
Democracy, at the present time, is halt
ing and hesitating In almost every civil
ized country on the globe. It moved like
a man groping his way through the dark.
In one community it had advanced far
enough to perceive that the existence of
slums was a disgrace, not to the poor peo
ple who lived in them but to the rich so
ciety that tolerated them, and according
ly a democratic movement was slowly
eliminating the slums. In another com
munity, fully equal to the first in general
intelligence but lacking in this respect,
the people were halting and hesitating
over so simple a question as that of main
taining public waterworks.
So long as these differences of opinion
prevailed, so long would the grand onward
march of democracy halt and wait. There
was needed now a campaign of education
all along the line. Every association as
sisting in that education was a distinct
benefit to mankind. AVhoever helped to"
bring the masses of men to a clear concep
tion of the problem before them, and of
the only possible remedy for It, would, he
declared, contribute to the cause of hu
manity. The co-operation of a few men
never got beyond what President Cleve
land called "the communism of pelf," but
the co-operation of all men through their
self-chosen governments for the common
benefit of all was a fulfillment of the di
vine law that was slowly but surely mov
ing forward to the time when In every
civilized community there would be privi
leges for none but equal rights for all,
and that would be the realization of tri
umphant democracy.
CONVICT MUTINEERS PLOT
TO BBEAK PENITENTIARY
Another Prisoner Warns the Jailer3
in. Time to Frustrate the Pro
posed Delivery.
IjEAVENWORTH, Kans., .Dec. 29.—
Warden McClaughey of the United States
penitentiary headed off a plot yesterday
planned by five of the convict mutineers
of November 7, which embraced the pos
sible death of Deputy Warden Frank
Lemon and a guard. R. G. Brown, the
capture of the guards' armory and an
other delivery of prisoners. The ringlead
er in the plot is Gilbert Mullens, who held
up and disarmed Sheriff Cook and part of
the Topeka police force. Frank Thomp
son, the big negro, Frederick Robinson,
Bob Clark and Turner Barnes were the
other four. The plot was exposed by a
fellow convict, who overheard the muti
neers talking. • Mullens had obtained a
file and another convict a caseknife. It
was planned to file off the shackles on
Saturday, when four convict barbers came
to shave the prisoners in the stone
breaking- shed, and after seizing- the
razors rush the guards.
GEHMAN EMPEROR ACCEPTS
COMPOSER'S EXPLANATION
Leoncavallo Says Delay in Translat
ing a Novel Put Him Back in
His Work.
VIENNA, Dec. 29.— The Fremdenblatt
this morning contains a statement by
Ruggiero Leoncavallo, the operatic com
poser, confirming the report that in 1894
Emperor William invited him to write an
opera on the novel entitled "Roland of
Berlin," by Wllhelm Haenig, known un
der the pseudonym of Wilbalad Alexis.
Owing to the composer's ignorance of the
German language he had to have the
novel translated. This necessitated a de
lay of some three years, which displeased
Emperor William. The Emperor has since
graciously accepted the composer's ex
planation of the delay.
Leoncavallo says the opera will be fin
ished and produced in Berlin next winter.
POSTAL INSPECTOBS WILL
TESTIFY AGAINST NEELY
Two ImtJortant Witnesses for the
Prosecution Leave to Attend
the Trial in Havana.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 29.-Postoffice In
spectors Holmes and Fletcher left to-day
for Havana, where they will be witnesses
on behalf of the Government in the
Neely prosecution. The case is set for
trial January 4. The testimony of In
spectors Holmes and Fletcher is largely
relied on by the prosecution to secure the
conviction of Neely. as much of the evi
dence which caused his arrest was pro
cured in the Cincinnati division. Muncie,
Ind., the home of Neely, is in the Cincin
nati division, and a large amount of tho
$152,000 which he is charged with having
embezzled was traced by Inspectors
Holmes and Fletcher to a certain bank.
INTENDS BUYING LANDS
IN SYRIA AND PALESTINE
Zionist Congress Decides to Estab
lish a Fund to Be Devoted to
That Purpose.
BASLE, Switzerland, Dec. 29.— The Zion
ist congress, now in session here, has re
solved to establish a fund of £200,000 to be
devoted to the purchase of land in Syria
and Palestine. Collections for this fund
will be made in all the countries of the
world. The congress also decided to form
organizations in various countries to pro
mote the objects of the present congress
and to hold biennial congresses.
"Coming of Age" of Young King.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— Dr. J. M. Cur
rie of this city has been selected by the
President to represent the United States
at Madrid on the occasion of the "coming
of age" of the young King Alfonso XIII,
May 17, 1902. Dr. Currie was United States
Minister to Spain during the years 1885 to
1889, the first administration of President
Cleveland. He was presented in 3 his of
ficial capacity at the palace when the
King made his advent into the world.
Mrs. Currie will accompany him.
Burial of the Celery King-.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 29.— The body of
David Everett Smeltzer, the California
celery king, arrived from Los Angeles to
day and the funeral will take place to
morrow.
V_J THE PURE \J
GRAIN COFFEE
Coffee injures growing children
even when it is weakened. Grain-0
gives them brighter eyes, firmer
flesh, quicker intelligence and hap-
r pier dispositions. .They can drink
all they want of Grain-O— the more •
the better — and it tastes like coffee.
, - J ■ All grocers ; 15c and 25c
ADVERTISEMENTS^
TELEPHONE . •* 10$ jiWllkJl
222-224 SUTTER ST.
OPEN THIS and TO-MORROW
EVE.
BON-BONS SS3J- -igS™-* de -
. SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
FROM MONDAY TO THURSDAY
! (Inclusive.)
SWEET WINES 3 bots $1.00
Our regular 50c wines. Angelica,
Port, Sherry, Madeira, Malaga, To-
kay.
Claret, Riesling or Burgundy gal 65c
! Reg. $1.00. Old and unadulterated
wines.
FRENCH CLARETS
Of J. Michaelson & Co., Bordeaux.
Only a limited quantity St. Julien,
doz. qts. JS6.S5O; 2 doz. pts. S7.5O-
COCKTAILS, -SUNSET
Awarded the gold medal at Paris.
Martini, Manhattan, Whisky, Gin
and Vermouth. Reg. qts. $1.00— S5c;
res. pts. 600—500; miniatures lOc
each.
BOURBON WHISKY, 0. 0. PEPPER
Thf old genuine Pepper, bottle $1.00
OLD CROW SPECIAL, 1884 bot $1.50
Reg. $2.00. Distillers' bottling.
RYE, "HERMITAGE/' 1889
Reg. $1.50 bot. 81.15; reg. $6.00 gal.
!i»4.uO. ]
SCOTCH " SIat^ g Ro |, e 5 r ( ? Co " bot $1.25
Finest old Glenlivet.
SCOTCH " 0 S g Ra $ To s o ay " bottle 85c
IRISH J52. rl £S bottle 95c
ROCK AND RYE bottle 85c
Made East of pure rye and German
: rock candy. Reg. $1.00.
COGNAC, "Hear de France"
3 star, reg. $1.75 bottle 81.45
5 star, reg. $2.50 bottle $2.OO
; This brand represents the flower of
France in Cognacs.
APRICOT BRANDY bottle $2.00
"Cusenier's— France." Reg. $2.23.
One of the most delicious drinks
concocted of late.
"KUEMMEL," "GILKA" bottle $1.10
The only genuine. Reg. $1.25.
RUM, "JAMAICA," Superior bot 85c
Reg. 51.00. We carry also St. CroLx
and New England Rums.
ARRAC PUNCH . bottle 85c
Reg. $1.00. Also Punches from Swe-
den, Germany and France.
CURACAO, "Oolgard's" te $1.45
Reg. $1.75. From Holland— red, or-
ange and white. Cordials or after-
dinner Liqueurs of every kind.
MINERAL WATER, "VICTORIA"
Reg. doz. qts. $2.25 82.00
Reg. doz. pts $1.65 81.50
Unsurpassed by any other table
water. Used by royal families in
Europe.
WALNUTS 3 - 2 lbs 25c
COFFEE, "Kona," reg. 25c Ib 20c
Roasted and ground fresh dally on
our premises.
CALIFORNIA FIGS 3 lbs 25c
This season's— white. Reg. 10c Ib.
PRUNES, "Epineuse" 5-lb box $1.09
20-30 to Ib. Reg. $1.25. Finest and
largest prunes this State produces.
LISTERINE, "Lambert V b S r t ?, c e 65c
Perfumery, Toilet Waters, Soaps
From all the leading makera in the
world.
Kitchen Set of 3 Pieces %%• 25c
Cake turner, meat fork and basting
spoon.
CARVING SET, 3 pieces set $1.35
Reg. $2.25. Stag handle. Celebrated
Russell's. ,
CANI1Y F |nest French mixed, ic M-
WAflln any selection ID WC
Glace Fruit. Lowney's and Mall-
lard's Candies in beautiful boxes.
Suitable gifts.
CIGARS from $1.00 up per box. Im- i
ported and Key West, all leading
brands. SPECIAL "OLD GLORY"
and "ROSA BELLA." 5 inch, big
value at 5c, now 6 for 25c 84.OO
per 100.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Dapot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dolly Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:46 a 11:10 p 7:18 P
•• Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:50 a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:00 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalia.. 3:39 p 5:00 a
•• Bakersfld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a
•• Kan. City 2:40 a 7:80 a
" Chicago 2:18p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping: Cars and
Dining Cara through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flrst-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
4-2*0 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. 2. ., •
8-00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining , Chair Cara to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. mv
a 7-20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrtvea at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
repot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via SauMltt* Fttvf .
Commencing September 2tf, 1901.
PBOM SAN^KANC^CO^^ILL VALLKy
. 1^ E 3^15 D^lV 6 5 : :T5. 8^i5r )^5 1 p: 00^ "-
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and gaa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. n0:00, '11:30 a. m.. 1:U.
s . ?5 •4:46. 6:30. 0:30 p. m. ***
Trains marked (•) run to San quentln.
-/m $12:25, 2:15. »3:35, 4:40, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:35 p. m. 7*
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Monday a. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 1 •»« p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05. 10:03 mi 12:03. 2:li
3:30. 5:00. «:45 p. m. it ***
• THROUGH TRt
6:55 a. m. week days — Ca-adero and way
stations.
• 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills aad way
stations. , *
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. ~ .
y—^lj. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MrvesJM 629 KEAIIxr ST. Established
«HsrlHtf« in 1*34 for the treatment of 1'rl vatfl
25*U§ k ./jWf Dlspases, I.o*t Manhood. Debility or
(«|Ha£MjSgJKdi.v»ase wearinron hody and mind and
<SffiS®««Sfi s^ ln Diseases. The Doctor cures wlien
fall. Try him. Charges low.
t?*ifcpSc»*BS*3 *'«««"{• » Koaranlrrd. Cull or writ*
lit. J. r. «1B5ON. fcau Francisco. Cat _
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l#n»«» •»»•• »rw «lu» *o »rrl»» mt
MAN rnAIIVMi'O. j
• (M»ln Une. Foot of Market Street) ■*
ZZATm — From Dicbmbbk 6. 1901. — ASRira
7:00a Benicia, Sulaon, Elmii* and 8aa»-
mento .-• 5 : ?»
7:««a V»cMille. Winf!n.'Banu»y......... 7:33»
7j«Oa Ua*tliie*.3auU»moa,Valleio. r»»P». •'
C&lbtoga aiid Saiitm. Row «s»5p
SsOOa Dfttis, Woodland. KaigUta Landing.
MarjSTiUe. Oro»Ul«. i : 5"2 F
8:00a Atlantic Kxpreas— Ogden and East 5 1 * 3 *
MioOa Nlles. L»throp. Stockton............ ':23r
8:00a Niles, Mendota. Hanford. Visalia,
PorterrlUe 4:33»
SiSOa Sbaata Expresa— Datte. Willlama (for
Bartlett Springs). Willowa, Bed .
Blufl, Portland. 7:aa»
■iSOASan Jose, Litermore, Mtocktou.
Ion«, Sacramento. Plac»r»ille,
MuryatMe. Chlco. ltetl Ulul? I s *?*
Si3(»* Oakdale.Cailne«o,8onora. Tuolumno .* ! ***
»:»Wa Hajwarii. Nile* and Wa» Stations.. J » :•"*
••ooa Vallejo I;-;;-" las23F
0iOOA Lon Anjriea Bs\we» — Martinez,
Tracy, l*throp. Stockton, Merced
Kreat.o and Los Angelas ......... ' J *«f
0:3OA Vallel". Martlne* au.l Way Stations 'J:55r
IOiOOa ThaOTerlaud Limited— Ogdeu. l>en-
Tor, OnXha. Chicago k *V?5Z
fli«Or Sacramento Itlrer HieaHiers |ll:uuy
•■our Benicia, Winters, % 8«cramenlo, .
Woodland, Kniflits l^ndlnK.
Mnrys* itl«, Orofille *t'«*
SiSOp nay ward, Niles and Way Stations.. * i»»
4:(»«»r Murtluez. Hau lUnion. Valiojo.
Napa. <;»lUtoga. S»iit» Kosa -J'SS*
4r00» NUe», LlTermore, Stockton. Lodi... 'f'^»
4i:t(>FHayward,Nilex.»auJnae, LiTermora jSiSOA
4:30rThe Owl Limited — Fresno, Tulare.
BakeraQeld. 8anr» for Snuta Bar-
Wa. Log Angeles _ 8 'S 4
SiOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton I o »25*
O:«Op Martinez. Antiocb, Stockton, Aler-
ced.Freano 1 ? 1 2? F
Bz«OpHafward, Niles and San Jo«« .I'X*?*
t«t«Or Valleju 11«23*
OtOUr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Benter,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago ■1:23a
7iU0p Oregon and Callforula ISxpreso.Hao.
rKineutii. Marysfille, ICedillng,
. Portlami. rniat Hoimit and Kask 9:3Sa
•i"3pSan Pablo, P»rt Costa. Martinea
and Way Stations 'I 1 ??*
t»lO5f Ytllfjo 7»SaF
COAST IilNE (S»rrorf Mange).
(Foot of Mnrk«l Street.) _
HjI.Ta NevT»rk.Oiit«"ii!e,S»n J»»«. Felton.
lioulder Creek, aautaOmraudWajr
SUtlons 8«3t»
itilSp Newark, Ceuter»!!k>. Sau Joie, Now
Almaden, Felton, liouldsr Creek,
i. Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations !©««•*.
4il!)r Newark, 8an Jo««, Los Gatos fS:50».
c9.30p Hunters" Traiu— S«n Jcso and Way
SUtlons t7.ao>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Pram SiS t RASCIaCO— Fool of Mirket Strut (Slip S>—
17:15 .9:00 U:00i.u. 1:09 3:00 B:lSi>.M.
frsmOUUSB— FnV.fBri»ii««jr.— t<i:00 $8:00 t&Of
10:UOt.M. »:0Q 8:00 i:Sflr.U.
COAST LINE (nrosd <Ja.i S »).
(Third nnd Tow mend Sta.)
():IOa San Josoand Way «i4«Z
7:00a San Jose and WaySUtluus fS:OOF
/7:O»a New Almaden / 4:10*
SiOOa Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gilroy. Salinas, San Luis Obispo,
Hanta Barbara, Los Angeles and
nrincipal intermediate stations .... 1 0:43*
OiOOa Han Jose, Ties Finos, ManU Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas, San Luis
Obispo and Principal intermediate
Studious 4il9»
1O<3Oa San Joss and Way SUtlons ftiS«&
llt8»A S*n Joss and Way Stations »:40*
t2: 15p Sau Mat.o, ltedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sau Jose,
Tres Pinos, Sanu Cmx. Salinas,
Mouiorsy ami Paoille Grove 110:43*
S:nOrHaa Jose and Way Stations. li»»#
<-t:l»r SaitJosaaiiil Prinolpml Way Stitlons 3t30»
4:8 Op Sunset Limited —^Mondays, Wednea-
days, Fridays, for Los Angeles, El
Pmo. New Orleans and New York.
ArriTei Sandays. Tnesdajs and
Thursdays 10>1Sa
fS:OOrSan Joa», Los Gatos and Principal
Way SUtlons fOsOOa
St30p San Jose and Principal Way SUtions 6:3O»
6tft»r San Jose and Way Stations ?>3O
7:00p New Orleans Express — San Luis
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Lcs An-
geles, Drming, £1 Paso, New Or-
leans and £as6 7t3<*A
«II:4Sp 9a» .Iinanml War SUtions *:.'t«y
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday exsepted. 1 Sunday only.
__ a Saturday only. and Fridays^
CALIFORNIA NORTHVESTEBN BY. CGl
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 5:10. 6:39 p. m. Thursday » — Extr*
trip mt 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra, trips aa
1:60 aad 11:30 p. m.
6UNDAY8-a:00. 9:30. 11:00 *v m.; l':3t. 3;3«t
1:00. 0:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10^ 7:60. 8:20, 11:10 a. m.3
12:40. 8:4«, 8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Ex u»
trips at 1:65 and 0:30 p. m.
6UNDAyS-S:10. »;«. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. S:4«,
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Bffect I Arrlvo
San Franclaco. jApr. 28. 1X1| San Fraaciaco.
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I Week
Day. I days. | Dettlnatloa | days. [ Day.
7:80am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 6:4Oaxa
8:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:23aa»
» :10pm 8:00pm Santa Roea. 7:35pm 8:20pn»
Knlton.
STiSOam Windsor. 19:2&ua
I 6:00pm Eealdsborr. 10:40am
Ljrtton.
Geyservllle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:33pm 8:20pm
T :80am • :00pm Copland. 10:40am 10 :23*n»
8:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 0:2ttpn»
7:30am 10:40am 10 :29am
8:00am GuernavlUe. 7:35pm
8:30pm 6:00pm < :20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
S :10pm 0:00pm Glen Eaien. 6:00pm 0:20pm
T :30am I 8:00am! 110 :40am|10 :28am
8:30pm| 0:00pm| SotastopoL ( 7:33pm| 6:20pra
Stasjes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservlll* for Skagga Springs; at Clover dal*
for the Geysers; at Bopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Bprirycs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga,
Bprings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter VaJl»y.
John Days. Riverside, Llerleys, Bucknell'a.
Banhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr'a Hot
6prings. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, West-
t£rU Usal. WilUts, Laytonvllle, Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scott*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at z*> -
duced rates.-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to All polxta I
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
UTC. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
I WOUNt TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
I Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- B » 4 i a ,. M . tlrtlitap . om . Sun- Week
»-30 a. 8:00 a. _,, . .rtmta. u. T- »» t« l ;00 »• *** A.
1:45 p. 10:00a. £^Z1?J* 3:00 p. 3:40 V.
4a5 *" 111:: g i: *»
Fin, gaimMbnk»nnnadMm,il.N. "
EakttOaicM, i31 XAKKZlSTBXn aad BaCSlUTO TTLSJ.
WEEEY_CALi
o{ It Publish^ the Cream of th»
L) News or the Week and
c* MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON TH8
2 PACIFIC COAST
J T&«Best\ /Mining
**j TMegraphic \X News That
OC jervice on /N. Is Accurate
oc The Coast / \& up to dats
ck Not a Line of it Sensational
©/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
O\ Bright, Clean. A Champ:*! o!
_1 Tboujht Jul. 1 ruth.
O< A CAlirCRNU MWSPAPES
J ALL THE T1ML
o) «T ADVOCATES I SLYT BT
3 "OWE fcUIL, SI
O( INDUSTRIES 1 A YUi
56
MIDWINTER OUTDOOR SPORTS AND PASTIMES ON MANY FIELDS
OUTSIDERS WIN
STAKE HONORS
Hard Coursing Develops
Some Clever Young
Greyhounds.
Kibosh Beats Vandal in the
Special Event at Union
Park.
Full Moon and Kibosh, greyhounds
■which were not expected to make more
than a fair showing, surprised the cours
ing patrons at Union Park yesterday by
winning final honors in their respective
stakes.
Victory In the deciding 1 course meant
graduation from the maiden class for
tither courser, neither having won stake
honors in previous meetings.
Kibosh in the special event did some
clever coursing, being forced to the hard
est kind of work to earn his position. In
the second round the Curtis dog was
given a severe trial in a course with D. J.
ilealey's For Glory, a 3 to 5 favorite, and
won after heavy scoring. In the next
round he beat Lady Clare handily, but
not without a tiring effort. Kibosh was
next slipped against Wedgewood, the
taake favorite. Jones' dog was the nat
ural choice of the wise ones, and his
thajices looked so easy that 5 to 1 was
offered by the talent that Wedgewood
would be returned a winner. The short
ender was not overlooked, at that price,
and at slip time a good 1 play was re
corded.
Wedgewood, as was expected, showed
the speed over his opponent. At the turn
the favorite was three lengths to the
good, but after losing possession evinced
a desire to lay off the game. In the work
Kibcsh showed to better advantage, and
when the lias was raised had outpointed
Wedgewood 10 to 7.
Narcissus was withdrawn in the fifth
round, and Kibosh was hurried to meet
Vandal in the final. Again the Curtis
kennel representative was on the short
end, -this" time at 3 to 5. Vandal led but
Kibosh outworked him and won bv one
point.
Full Moon, the winner In the open stake,
was a g-ood investment for the pikers.
Four of his five victories were over favor
ites, each time at 3 to 5. In the final,
against ilay Hempstead, he led and gave
up possession after making three points.
May evened the score, and Full Moon
dashed in for the kill.
Ihe hares were as lively as the pre
vious day's lot and v.-ere the cause of the
downfall of many favorites. In the course
between Red Rock and Greenhall the hare
took the pair a hard run of three min
utes and then beat them and three relief
dogs to the escape. Red Rock was with
drawn. Narcissus, too, fell a victim to
the strong hares. A total of twenty-three
escapes was recorded.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, second round— George Sharman'a
Bowery Boy beat J. H. llullers Cruiser 2-0-
A McLeod's Royal Friend beat C. dock's
Alameda Lad. V-6; D. J. Healej-s Blista beat
T. Coxs Crockett Hill, 4-0; "W. J. Leonard's
Daylight beat W. H. Robinson's Rosie Free
dom, 11-6; E. Geary's Fair Oaks beat J
O'Donnell's New Moon, 24-10; E. Reddy's Full
Moon beat W. C. de B. Lopez"e Kara. 4-2- P
M. Clarkson-s Sofala beat H. Lynch 1 s Lottie
M. 10-5; H. Lynch' s Lilac beat J. Dempsey's
Jingle Bells, 12-4; J. M. Halton's May Hemp
stead beat F. Rosenbenrer's Master Bly G-l-
H. H. Gray's Terronette beat George Gra
ham's Lady Newark, S-l; W. C. de B. Lopez's
Jo e ? Ita r» be o t A P - Sweeney's Cottage Lass,
32-4; P. Steinhoft"« Veto beat J. F. Cheetl
ham's ReDresentative, 18-5.
' Third round— Royal Friend beat Bowery Boy
fc-5; Elista beat Daylight, 13-11: Full Moon
beat Fair Oaks, 12-5; Lilac beat Sofala, 13-11-
May Hemostead beat Terronette, «-3; PeDita
beat Veto, 13-4.
Fourth round — Elista a. bye; Full Moon beat
Lilac, 10-3; May Hempstead beat Pepita. 11-6
Fifth round— Full Moqn beat Elista, 5-0;
May Hempstead a bye.
Deciding course — Full Moon beat May Hemp-
Btead, 5-3.
Special stake, second round — P. M. Clark
eon's Golden Garter beat Ed Neave's Wedding-
Bells. 22-9; T. J. Cronln's Vandal a bye- E
Geary'« Ruby Sankey beat Kelley & Hanley'e
Naughty Girl, 11-9; George Sharman's Little
Sister beat J. Markland's The Grafter 4-2-
A. R. Curtis' Narcissus beat W. J Leon
ard's Tom Hurlick. 5-0; H. H. Gray's Rona
beat C O. Peterson's Silver Cloud. 5-4- A R
Curtis' Kibosh beat D. J. Healey"s For Glory!
22-9; D. J. Healer's Lady Clare beat George
Sharm&n'e Sir Pasha, 15-13; George Sharman's
Firm Fellow beat George Knight's Shadow,
12-3; B. Silva's Master Rocket a bye- F
Jones* Wedsrewood beat T. J. Cronln's Tralee
Boy. 10-1; Georse Nethercott's Red Rock beat
J. Cane's Greenhall, 22-0. " "
Third round — Vandal beat Golden Garter
8-3: Little Sister a bye; Narcissus beat Rona,
10-0; Kibosh beat Lady Clare. 16-3; Firm Fel
low beat Master Rocket, 17-11; Wedge wood a
bye.
Fourth round — Vandal beat Little Sister.
7-5; Narcissus beat Firm Fellow, 24-3; Kibosh
beat Wedgewood, 10-7.
Fifth round — Narcissus withdrawn.
Deciding- course — Kibosh beat Vandal, 5-4.
The draw for the special stake to be de
cided at Union Park New Year's day will
be held to-night in Pythian Castle. The
draw for next Saturday and Sunday will
be held Thursday night at the same place.
Swimmers at Sutro Baths.
The aquatic events at Sutro Baths yes-
terday resulted as follows:
50-yard raca — Won by P. Martin, H. Helns
Becond. Diving contest — Won by A. Sundberg
J. McClcsky second. 100-yard race — Won by
U'. Carrol!. A. Heinze second. Trick and
lancy sprlnsboard divine — Won by J. Frantz,
K. Uhlnian second. High 'diving — Won by M.
Lenncti. J. McCarthy second. Tub race—Won
by T. feundberz, H. Heins second and J. Mc-
Clo.'ky third, v
The Duke of Roxburghe, who Is being
spoken of as a possible husband for Miss
Astor, is just 23 years of age and returned
recently from South Africa, where he
served with distinction as a lieutenant In
the Royal Horse Guards.
Du Pont Powder.
Black Sporting,
Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask your deafer for
Qhnllo Loaded Du Pont
OllGliO With Smokeless
C. A. HAIGHT, Agent,
226 Market St. , S. F.
SMITH BROTHERS
WIN AT TENNIS
Take Handicap Doubles
Without Loss of
a Set.
George Whitney Captures
the Special Match
* Handily.
The Smith brothers— Grant and Chet—
won the tennis handicap doubles tourna
ment for the Davis cups yesterday at the
California Club's court without the loss
of a set.
Eight teams entered, Collier and Crow
ell, the holders, being the scratch team.
As a rule the handicapping was good and
each team had a fair chance. The win
ners have won the cups twice. Collier and
Crowell have won them three times,
"Whitney brothers and Grant Smith and
Ray Cornell twice. Smith will double up
with his brother hereafter in these tour
naments. The Whitney brothers will not
play for the cups again and the contests
seem to be between the Smith brothers
and Collier and Crowell.
In the first round Collier and Crowell al
lowed Dr. Lane and C. G. Kuehn odds of
"fifteen and four-sixths" and won 6 — 3,
S — 6. This handicap was small, but the
losers nearly won. Al Kenyon and Clyde
Beal received odds of "fifteen" from Her
bert Schmidt and Jack Gibson and after a
three-set match won by a score of 3—6,
6—3, 0—1. The Smith brothers allowed' Ben
Wood and R. S. Stubbs odds of "half
thirty" and -won in straight sets. 6 — 2, 6—3.
Drummond MacGavin and Homer Parker
played the longest match of the day with
James Code and Norman Hodgkinson. The
former allowed their opponents odds of
"half fifteen" and won 4—6, 8—6, 6—2. The
losers were within a point of winning tne
match in the second set.
In the second round Collier and Crowell
gave Beal and Kenyon a handicap of
"thirty and two-sixths" and lost after
winning the first set handily. The score
in favor, of Beal and Kenyon was 3 — 6,
7 — 5, 6 — 2. In the last two sets' the -winners
resorted to lobbing, which Is the most ef
fective game against Collier and Crowell.
Smith and Smith met MacGavin and Par
ker on even terms and won in straight
sets, 6—3. 6—2.
In the finals the Smith brothers were op
posed to Beal and Kenyon. The handicap
allowed the latter was "half thirty," but
to make the match even Smith and Smith
changed it to "thirty." This handicap
proved too small, as the Smith brothers
won easily. 6 — 1. 6 — 3. In the first set the
losers tried a lobbing frame on their op
ponents, but the hartf-hitting brothers
killed everything in sight.
The match between George Whitney and
Chet Smith for final honors in the Christ
mas tournament went to the former in
straight sets. Smith received odds of
"half thirty." but Whitney was much too
strong for him and won 6—2, 6—3. Thus
for the second time Whitney won the sil
ver cup.
In the morning a fast doubles match
was played between Joseph S. Tobin and
George F. Whitney and Collier and Crow
ell. The former won in straight sets, 6—4,
6—3, 6—4. Tobin is fast regaining his old
form. On New Year's day there will be a
straight handicap singles tournament for
members of the California Club. Four
prizes are offered. Play will begin at 10
a. m.
Oakland Entries.
The entries for this afternoon's events
at the track across the bay are as follows:
First race — Futurity j course; selling; three
year-olds and upward : '
3047 Senator Matts.131 1 3034 Alzura l^C
3053 Rose of HI1O..139 2974 Carilee 126
3045 T. of Candles. 120J 3053 Herculean 139
3042 Win. Boyer...l26 :5010 Almoner 131
2927 Forkf ord 137 3053 Alado 131
3030 Kins Dellis...l42
Second race — One mjle; sellinu; three-year
olds and upward:
3011 Alfred C 117* 3010 Pencil Me 100
3042 Helen Smith.. 100i 2987 Canejo 114
3004 Talma 109 ;;025 Plead 100
304C Loyal S 100^ (3053) Afghan 110
2813 Nllgar 1141 3020 Aloha II 109
Third race — Six furlcngs; selling; two-year-
Olds: |
3039 Landseer 110 .".040 Baldo 105
(3050)«uadra 110 3024 Evander 105
3035 Snowberry ...103 2998 Bendara 108
2756 Irma A 110 30-i3 San Lution. . .10ii
3050 Larry Wilt 108] 3030 Flo Culver 110
Fourth f.v.-e— Sever, ifurlongs; selling; three
year-olds and uvwardi
1224 Constellator ..10.1j 3058 February 105
Finch 10J (303C)Wyomlng 112
2972 Goal Runner. .103 . Sweet Tooth.. 108
Fifth race— Mile and fifty yards; the En
cinal Handicap; three-year-olds and upward:
3056 Rosermonde .. OS I 3008 El Oriente 94
3028 Goldone 100 3038 Grey f eld 10S
3038 Janice 105 3056 Varro 98
(2799)Sir Hampton. .107) •
Sixth race — One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward:
3042 Koenig: 114 3055 Compass 100
3042 McN'amara ...lit 3004 Fondo 100
2973 Go Out 112 3033 Alicia 114
3025 P. Morrissey.114 3042 Bagdad 114
30D2 Kastaine 114 2025 Bob Palmer... 105
3000 Gawaine lOOl
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Herculean, King- Dellis, Tower
of Candles.
Second race — Plead, Aloha II, Afghan.
Third race^ — Flo Culver, Quadra, Snowberry.
Fourth race — Sweet Tooth, Wyoming, Con-
Etellator.
Fifth race^ — Sir Hampton, GolSone, Janicei
Sixth race — Fondo, Pat Morrissey, Koenig.
South End Bowing Club Officers.
. The South End Rowing Club has elected
the following officers for the ensuing year:
President, William Mead; vice president.
Thomas Grennan; recording secretary, Joseph
Foley; financial secretary, Charles Jenkins
treasurer, Joseph O'Dea; sergeant at arms r'
Me Arthur; captain, Ed Scully; vice captain,
James Pallas: board of trustees — Dr. C. C,
Dennis. Joseph Camnodonico, James Feehan,'
A. Melletz and Joseph Walsh; delegates to Pa
ciflc Athletic Association — E. Scully, T I
Fitzpatrick and A. Melletz.
Statue of Marshal Eochambeau.
PARIS, Dec. 29.— M. Hanard, the sculp
tor, has just completed the model of a
statue of the French Marshal Rocham
beau, to be presented to "Washington, D.
C. as a companion to the statue of La
fayette. The work of casting the bronze
will be commenced this week. It is hoped
the finished statue will be ready to send
lo tt« .United States nest April,.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER* 30, 1901.
CLEVER FIELDER OF THE ALL-AMERICAN LEAGUE BASEBALL TEAM NOW PLAYING IN THIS CITY "WHO
HAS BECOME POPULAR AT RECREATION PARK WITH THE FOLLOWERS OF THE GAME, TOGETHER
WITH SOME SLY DIGS OF THE CARICATURIST AT WELL-KNOWN PLAYERS. . ' .
CRACK BATSMEN TOY WITH WHALEN,
SCORING SEVEN RUNS IN ONE INNING
The Pitcher for the Wasps- Then Settles Down, but Too Late to
Save the G^me for His Team-- Waddell Str kes Out Nine Men
and Allows but One Hit, Off His Dehvery in Nine Innings
FOR a time at Recreation Baseball
Park yesterday it seemed to the
fevered imagination of the specta
tors that the nine members of the
All-Americas team-were all chas
ing one another around the bases at one
time after the manner of the "turns" at a
"continuous" performance.
It was caused by the Kasterners- falling
on "Jimmy" Whalen's delivery and
pounding it over the lot. when they tired
of this Sullivan sent the ball over the
fence. When the revised list of casualties
was given out by Scorer Harry Cashman
It showed two singles,, a double, a triple
and a home run. Had it been possible to
make a. longer hit the All-Americas would
undoubtedly have been there with the
"goods."
Seven men in all scored during the fusil
lade. At one time three men-were making
a circuit of the bases while the members
of the home team were trying to return
Irwin's three-bagger from deep center.
The All-Americas won finally by a score
of 8 to 2.
In the first inning Pickering, the first
man up, lined out a two-bagger. Barrett
was safe on Whalen's error. Mercer
forced Barrett at second, Pickering scor
ing. Lajoie was safe on a fumble and
stole second. Mercer scored while the
fielders were trying to catch Lajoie be
tween first and sprnnd. T.ninio sonrod «n
AUSTRALIA AND HERODOT ARRIVE
FROM DIFFERENT PARTS OF WORLD
Big Steamships the Only Important Sunday Arrivals in the Bay.
Japanese Quartermaster on the America Maru Is Arrested for
Smuggling— Missing Man Traced to Insane Asylum by Stepson
THE Kosmos line steamship Hero
dot, Captain Brandenburg, .ar
rived yesterday after a passage of
106 days from Hamburg, which
port was left on September 24.
During the trip twenty-four stops were
made. The Herodot brought 1786 tons of
cargo for this port, four sacks of mail
and the following named passengers:
Ernst Gabler, Valparaiso; Antonio Pele
grini, San Jose de Guatemala; Walther
Schmidt, Adelina Schmidt, Max Emanuel
Schmidt, Walther Theodor Schmidt and
Paul Kuhn, Callao.
The Herodot was passing into the har
bor of Champerico as the Pacific Mall
steamer San Bias was passing out. Tho
vessels exchanged signals, and the next
day the news was brought to Champerico
of the loss of the San Bias five miles from
La Libertad. When the Herodot left
Chamberico only the most meager reports
of the disaster had been received. The
voyage of the Herodot was otherwise un
eventful.
Australia Arrives From Tahiti.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
steamer Australia, Captain Lawless, ar
rived at 8 o'clock last evening from Ta
hiti, too late to pass quarantine. The
voyage, • which was uneventful, occupied
fourteen days, heavy head winds having
been encountered throughout the .trip.
The Australia brings four passengers in
the cabin, four second-class and eleven in
the steerage.
Sailor Escapes From Ship.
One of the sailors of the British ship
Scottish Isles, which Is about ready for
sea, escaped from the vessel yesterday in
a peculiar manner. The Scottish Isles was
in the stream loading grain from a
schooner alongside. The sailor, whose
name was unknown to the captain,
jumped on the schooner. When the load
of grain was transferred to the ship a
search was mada for him, but he could
not be found.
Traced the Missing Man.
Nell Brierson, 1641 Lombard street,
called at the Harbor Emergency Hospital
yesterday making inquiries for his step
father, Patrick Kehoe, who was held for
observation at the hospital on November
11. Brierson traced him from there to the
Central Emergency Hospital and then to
the City and County Hospital, where he
lost track of him. Steward Kahn, after
ascertaining that Kehoe lived on Beale
street, near Harrison, succeeded In locat
ing the missing man. After Kehoe had
been sent to the City*and County Hospital
he was returned to the insanity detention
hospital. for examination, and .was con-
Davis' single. Bradley singled. Irwin fol
lowed with a three-bagger, scoring Davis
and Bradley. Sullivan's home run scored
Irwin. YVaddell was out at first and Pick
ering, who had two turns at bat, flew out.
Bradley scored the last run for his team
in the fifth. He singled, went to third on
Irwin' s hit to '.'Josh" Reilly, which the
latter muffed, and score'd on Sullivan's
out at first.
The members of the home team made
their two runs in the sixth. Reilly struck
out and Waddell passed Whalen to first,
apparently on purpose, as he let down
noticeably In his pitching for the moment.
Nordyke followed with a two-bagger to
the left-field fence. Wilson singled, scor
ing Whalen. Hlldebrand flew to deep left
and Nordyke scored on the throw in. Wil
son retired the side by being caught steal
ing second.
The local batters could do nothing with
Waddell's delivery. The man who will
pitch for ( ) next year struck out
nine men and allowed only one safe hit.
Whalen settled dowri after the first inn
ing. The six scattering hits of the visitors
netted them only one run.
The score:
ALL- AMERICAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering, 1. f 5 1 2 0 .1 0 1
Barrett, c. f.. 5 0 1 1 2 0 0
Mercer, r. f 3 1 0 1 10 0
Lajoie, 2b 4 1.0 2 1 1 0
mitted to Agnews asylum under the name
of Thomas Whelan.
Capture of Smugglers.
M. Suzki, a Japanese quartermaster on
the America Maru, was caught leaving
the vessel yesterday with a large can
with a false bottom, in which he had con
cealed about forty packs of cards and a
number of silk handkerchiefs. He was
arrested on a charge of smuggling, and
sent to the County Jail.
Water Front Notes.
Miss Wyman, a ypung woman residing
at 418 Brannan street, was very grateful
yesterday to Officer O'Callaghan for re
covering her purse, containing $11 20,
which she had left in one of the cars lead
ing to the ferry.
Andrew Benson, a vocalist, attempted
to get on a car at the ferry turntable yes
terday afternon, .but was thrown against
one of the stanchions of the car. He was
taken to the Harbor Hospital by Officer
OCallaghan and his Injuries, consisting
of contusions on the face, were dressed.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, December. 29-
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 14 days from Pa
peete.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 40 hours from
San Pedro. . • •
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. 85 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 38 hours from-Re
dondo.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 20 hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Stmr Celia. Adler, 21 hour* from Mendo
cino. •
Stmr State of California, Thomas. 40 houis
from San Dieeo.
Stmr Ruth, Hiegins, 45 hours from San
Pedro. «
Stmr San Jose, Brown, 25 days 4% hours
from JPanama. etc.
Stmr Ged Loomis, Brldjrett. 33 hours from
Ventura; -up river. •
Stmr South Coast, Olssn, 14 hours from Al
bion. ■ ■ ■ , f • ■
Ger " stmr Herodot, Brandenburer, .107 days
from Hamburg, etc, via Champerico 9 days.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 4 days from
Ladysmith. ■ ■ - - .
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
deea. ■
Schr H C Wright, Nielsen. 16 days from
Hana. - -.'
SAILED. ;
Sunday, December 29.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dlexo.
Stmr. Santa Ana, Strand, Seattle.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Proereso.'Hardinjr, Seattle. - ;•
; Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, Seattle.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Scotia. Walvls;,: ..
Stmr Ruth, HlRUins.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Ehrem, Comox. '
Ship Til lie E Starbuck, Curtis. Honolulu.
£ark Santiago, Engalls, Hilo.
Davis, lb 4 110 8 0 1
Bradley, 3b 4 2 3 0 1 2 1
Irwin, s. s 4 1 3 1 2 3 0
Sullivan, c 4 11 0 9 3 0
Waddell, p 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 37 8 11 5 27 10 3
SAN FRANCISCOS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, c. t.: . . 4 0 0 0 "" 4 0 0
Wilson, c 4 1 1 0 4 2 0
Hlldebrand. 1. f 4 O 0.0 30 O
Schwartz, 2b 3 0 0 0 2 2 1
Pabst, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Krug, s. s 3 0 0 0 2 5 0
Graham, lb 3 0 0 0 0 11
Reilly, 3b 3 0 0 0 1 1 2
Whalen, p 2 1 O 0 O 2 1
Totals .". 29 2 1 0 24 13' 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Franciscos.. 00000200 0 2
Base hits 00 0 00100 0 1'
All-Americas ...70001000 • S
Base hits 5O21111O • 11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Whalen 5. Home run
— Sullivan. Three-base hit— Irwin. Two-base
hits — Bradley, Pickering. First base on er
rors — San Franciscos 3, All-Americas 5. First
base on called balls — San Franciscos 1, All-
Americas 1. Left on bases — San Franciscos 1,
All-Americas C. Struck out — By Waddell 9
by Whalen 2. Wild pitch— waddeil. Time of
game — 1:25. Umpire — J. McDonald. Official
scorer — Harry Cashman.
Schr Roy Somers, Solland. Portland,
bchr Jennie GriJfln. Campbell. Point Reyes,
fachr fapokane, Jamieson, Port Gamble,
bchr Fortuna, Olsen. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINTv LOBOS, Dec 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 16 miles. vveatner
MEMORANDUM.
«« P i r I G J ei L stm r Herodot— Stmr San Bias struck
w? ll } t T Rem . edlos and l3 on the rocks 5 miles
T°m h *°^H ¥ b v. Er } ad - Vessel trled make La
Libertad, but had to be beached to save from
sinking. Vessel was going to pieces.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
_ GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 27— Schr
Chas E Falk. Dec 28-Schrs C H Merchant
and R W Bartlett. for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 28— Schr Esther Buhne. from
Lohaina. "
bur^'^r^n^T^cT/c'o 3 ™ 118 " 1^ and NeW '
HUENEMEf-Arrlved Deo 28— Stmr Aber
deen, from Grays Harbor.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 28—
Stmr Whitesboro, from ; tug Sea Witch,
from San Pedro. - . *
BANDON— Arrived Dec 29— Schr Albion,
hence Dec 14. .
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 20— Ger bark Carl,
from Mazatlan.
Sailed Dec 29— Schr J M Colman. for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr Pomona,
hence Dec 28; schr Vega, hence Dec 20.
Sailed Dec 29^Schr Acme, for San y Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr St
Denis, from Ensenada.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 29— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 29— Br stmr
Glenoglo, from Tacoma, for Hongkong.
HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Victoria,
for Tacoma.
- MALTA — Sailed Dec 27— U S stmr Crook
for Manila.
CALCUTTA — Sailed Dec 2S — Br stmr Kirk
dale, for San Francisco.^ •
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Dec 25— Ship BenJ
F Packard, 'from Honolulu, and sailed Dec 28
for Ladysmith. All well.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 29 — Stmr St Paul
from Southampton.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States . Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. - Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 30.
Sun rises 7:24
Sun sets : ....4:50
Moon rises ; 10 :o5 p. nj.
O Time Time - Time ! Time ~
» — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H W L W H W L W
30 3:38 6.4 8:17 2.4 3:10 4.6 9:16 0.C
31 4:21 ' r».5 10:30 2.2 4:10 4.2 10:01 1.2
1 6:16 5.511:50 1.9 5:41 , 3.8 11:07 1.8
,2 6 ;Q5 6.4 I2;49l 1.6 .7:02 3.7 ...... j._.. A .. ;
FESTAL ROSES
ADORN A TOWN
Pretty Pasadena Ready
for the Winter
Carnival.
Brilliant Parade Promised and
Football Men Will
Compete.-
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 29.— Pasadena is
taking on a gala appearance in honor of
the annual tournament of roses, which
will occur on Wednesday, January 1. The
main thoroughfares along the line of the
carnival parade, a distance of two miles,
are gay with the official tournament col
ors, yellow and blue, -and garlands of
roses. The national colors and beautiful
green palms are also seen on every hand,
some of the houses being richly dressed
for the occasion. It is confidently expect
ed that the festival on New Year's day
will eclipse all former efforts In the same
direction.
The residents .of Pasadena have taken
great interest in the affair, and many
surprises are looked for In the way of
decorated vehicles, for many of those who
have entered their names on the official
order of parade have not disclosed the na
ture of their vehicles or the manner of
decoration.
One of the features will be a band of
thirty mounted vaqueroa, dressed In bril
liant Mexican costumes and selected with
particular reference to their horseman
ship. The Indian section is also expected
to attract much attention. Grand stands
have been erected all along the line of
parade. At the corner of California and
Orange streets^ will be the main grand
stand, and confetti will be used there.
There has been much rivalry among con
testants for honors in the decorated vehi
cle classes to secure carnations, which
seem to be the favorite flowers desired
this winter for decorative purposes.
■ The parade will start at 10 a. m. and
will be over by noon. Great preparations
are being made by church and other or
ganizations for the feeding of the multi
tudes that are expected to attend. Fifty
thousand visitors are looked for at Pasa
dena on New Year's day.
In the afternoon the great football game
between Stanford University and the Uni
versity of Michigan teams Is scheduled to
begin at 2 o'clock. Carnival Manager
Wagner expects a crowd of from 8300 to
10,000 at the game. Both teams have been
on the ground several days and are put
through the hardest sort of practice work
twice a day. There Is no question of their
good physical condition, and a hard
fought contest Is sure to result when the
Middle West meets the West on Wednes
day.
Eiotous Demonstrations in Naples
NAPLES, Dec. 29.— The arrival here of
the Socialist member of the Chamber of
Deputies, Signor Ferry, to address a meet
ing, resulted in turbulent demonstrations,
which ,the troops were called out to sup
press. Wholesale arrests were made.
|l w |h w l w |h w
3 0:02 2.3 G:52 3.4 1:42 1.2 8:10 3 7
4 0:51 2.6 7:35 B.4 2:29 O.S 0:18 3.8
0 1:40 .2.8 8:16 5.4 3:10 0.4 10:10 4 0
C 2:25 2.9 8:54 5.513:47 0.0 10:55 4.2
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning : tides are given in the lelr
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time: tha
fourth time column gives the last tide of tho
day. except when there are but three tides aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to tho soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by tha
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
tha lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Despatch San Pedro |Dec 30
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay... Dec' 30
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orrcrd. Dec! 30
Santa Barb.. Humboldt Dec 3O
Empire Coos Bay Dec! SO
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Dec' 30
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Dec «o
Edith Seattle De C 31
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. Dec." SI
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Dec. 31
Rival Willapa Harbor. Dec 31
Crescent City Crescent City Dec. 31
Coronado . . . . San Pedro Dec. 31
Maria Nanaimo Dec 31
Pomona Humboldt Dec 31
S.Portland.. Seattle* Dec" 31
Alameda Honolulu Jan" 1
Mackinaw... Tacoma JanI 1
C. Nelson. . . . Humboldt Jan 1
San Pedro — San Pedro Jan. 2
Navarro'. . . . . Point Arena Jan. 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Jan. 2
Santa.Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 2
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 2
Nome City... Seattle Jan. 2
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 2
City Peking.. China & Japan Jan. a
Strathgyle.. . Portland Jan. 3
Santiago Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan. »
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan. 4
Nicaria Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan. B
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 5
Ventura*. Sydney & Way Ports. .. Jan. «
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Satis. | Pier.
December 80. I
Eureka.... Humboldt 12 miPierl3
Rainier.... Seattle & N Whatcm 6pm Pier 1-
December 31.
Mandalay.. Coquille River 5pm Pier 2
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts OamPierltt
January 1.
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 10am|Pier 13
Hmpire.... Ooos Bay 12 m|Pler 13
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. OamlPlerll
Walla Wall Puget Sound Ports .. 11 am Pier 9
January 2.
Pomona... Humboldt l:30p Pier 0
Coronado.. Grays Harbor S pm Pier 2
Nome City. San Diego pj er
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5pjn Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way Pts a am Pier 11
January 3.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11 am Pier 24
Jannary 4. ' •
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor 5 pm Pier °
J. S. Kimba Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier •»
Amer. Man China & Japan . ... | 1 pm PMSs"
Australia. . Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
January G.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay.. Newport & Way 9 am Pier 11
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. " For. '■ Sails.
City Seattle.. Skaffway & Way Ports. Dec. 30
Cottage City. Kkagway & Way Ports. Deo. 31
Al-Ki.. Skasway & Way Ports. Jan. 5
Bertha....... Yaldez and KodUk.. j aa .7
PUBLIC FEARS
THE NEW EVIL
Mad Career of the Au
tomobile Terrifies
. Community.
Pedestrians on the Crowded
Thoroughfares in Con
stant Danger.
Up and down the streets of San Frar^
cisco the automobiles are sizzling, «>^s
steaming, and one new terror of T&r^H
motion has been added to the traffic t©J
gines that force a couple of eyes to do"*
straight and curve stunts for the protec
tion of the body. Speeding along at
break-neck speed these "loco" or "auto"
affairs ■ have terrified a section of tha
community and much profanity has been
produced In the throats of a peaceful
body of men who sometimes cross a,
street.
At Powell and Ellis streets yesterday
afternoon people stood gaping and awe
stricken as one of these steam-emitting;
terrors drove pedestrians off the thor
oughfares. There was many a scare and.
the police were called to stop the wild
career or" automobile a%i automobilist.
The auto or loco mobiltats have camped
upon the town with their fear-engender
ing machines. Swelled in numbers, they
riae here and there and everywhere with
out a. regard to limitations of speed.
Only those men who have been knocked
down -by a bicycle can imagine the pe
culiar pleasures that come trom an au
tomobile accident. There Is an exquisite
and highly refined grinding which makes
it impossible to decipher the suffering
unfortunate from the pavement which
gave the purchase to the machine in its
devastating efforts.
Out of the world the bicycle crank
must go. All that is left for him is to ,
ride behind buggies and poke raillery at '
the drivers of fast horses or terrify anw
mals. The automobilist has a wider
scope.
Judging from the way he runs down
cable cars and puts the electric traction
instruments to shame his havoc will em
brace a broader field. Look, out for him
when he comes down the asphalt. He
ls> a proud creature and knows no bend
ing or one bell. Acceleration of speed i3
his watchword. The man who can run
his machine the fastest is the hero of
to-day. Among h!s friends — automobilista
—he will be crowned. The more horses he
frightens, the more people he terrifies or
runs down, the more destruction fte
leaves in his wake, the greater will bo
his glory.
DARKNESS ENDS MATCH
> GAME OF HANDBALL
Exciting Contest Between Well
Matched Teams Is Played in the
San Francisco Court.
J. Riordan and T. Leach met "W. Ma
guire and E. Curley in an exciting gama
of handball yesterday in Phil Ryan's
court. Each side won two games, the
score being 21—20; 16—21; 21—13; 19-21. The
■ deciding game was postponed until next
Sunday because of darkness. The other
games resulted as follows:
T. Finn and M. McXeely 21-15-21-19-21
J. Madden and P. Farrell 1 7-21-14- 21-lT
E. Maloney and A. Pennoyer 21-21-20-21 j,
W. Kelly and J. McDermott 13-19-21-'4i
M. Kirty and E. B.nrry 21-16-21-17-211
J. McBrearty and D. Regan 11-21-13-21-15^
P. McKlnnon and M. McLeod 21-1S-21-21
P. ilclntyre and G. McDonald 16-21-12-1'.)
R. Lnngahack and "W. Walsh 21-16-21-15-21
: H. H. Llssner and W. Kavan
augh , 17-21-10-21-13
J. McXamara and J. Manning 21-15-21-21
W. Cummings and S. Garvey 19-21-20-17
M. .M. Guthrle and M. Joyce 21-21-17-l»-2l
T. Foley and J. Glynn 14-18-21-21-lft
The games played at the Occidental
Athletic Club court during the day wera
as follows:
C. Johnson and G. Kelly , 21-13-21
V. Hayes and F. Robertson 12-21- IS
Lv. Holland and J. H. Kennealy 21-21-21
W. Ganey and F. Holland 18-12-10
G. B. Hayward and Dr. R. longer
bach « 21-18-21
J. D. Mahoney and E. J. Murphy 19-21-1 3
T. J. Lydon and T. Clements.... 21-13-1S-21-21
Dr. N. Wachhorst and W. Collin3.16-21-2l- SMS
H. Cory and A. Collins 75 acesJ
J. Condon and W. Jacobs 71 aces
SCOPE OP AMERICAN
ORDER OF LOUISIANA?
Patriotic Hereditary Society Elects a
Denver Educator as Its
President.
DENVER. Dec. 2O.-The Americaf&V:
der of Louisiana, organized In DenvJT oil
December 20. has adopted its constitution
and elected William C. Ferrll of Denver*
curator of the Colorado State Historical
Society, president. This Is a patriotic
hereditary society, and the. order may be
Instituted In the following States and Ter
ritories of the Louisiana purchase: Ar
kansas, Colorado. Indian Territory. Iowa
Kansas. Louisiana, Minnesota. Missouri.'
Montana, Nebraska. North Dakota. Okla
homa, South Dakota and "Wyoming. Ow
ing to the disputed question as to wheth
er Oregon. Washington, Idaho. Texas and
Eastern New Mexico formed a part of the
Louisiana purchase these States were
omitted pending further Investigation.
The constitution provides an eligibility
list of prominent Spanish, French and
American explorers In the purchase terri
tory, also those distinguished in the army
navy and civil life of tho purchase States
and Terrltpries from 1S0U to 1903. The Na
tional Commissioner and his secretary
President David R. Francis and his cabi
net, the vice presidents, treasurer, gen
eral counsel and secretary for the Loulsi
ana Purchase World's Fair at St. Louis*
together with the commissioners from th»
purchase States and Territories to thk
fair, are Included In the eligibility Uat?t
Military Kestores Order at Cra^oro
COLUMBUS. Ga.. Dec. 29.— ThftTatAf
reports from Crawford. Ala., to -whJth
place troops were ordered last night Itn
assist In the arrest of Uriah Porter andlft
protect Porter If arrested, say the situa
tlon Is unchanged except that the prSal
™L%°k i 1 }? i,™ 11 "**? £ a3 orSJr*
The Sherifl has not been able to XqgZiL
Forter, _..._,. .,»NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
BURGLARS LOOT
ELECTRIC WORKS
Young Thieves Carry Off
Material Worth
Thousands.
>
Police Capture the Gang in
% a Midnight Raid on the
' Water Front
•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 29. |
After stealing S3000 worth of copper
wire, copper cable, aluminum wire and
ether valuable electrical material from
the Standard Electric Company's works
a.t the foot of Castro street, a gang of
ioung bay pirates was rounded up anj
Jodged in the City Prison early this morn
ing by Policemen John Sherry and AVil
liam Moore.
The thieves are John Audet. 16 years
old, residing at 7b2 Brush street; George
Wittusen. Is years old, whose home is at
fclU Market street, and 'Wesley Bates, IS
years old, living at 614 Sixth street.
Also under arrest is Willie Wittusen. a
brother to George, who, the police declare,
had knowledge of the raids of the trio.
The youths were captured at the roar
of the works, where tney had more than
?100o worth of cable and wire hauled out
of the store houses ready to be cached.
It was the second raid that had been
made upon the works within two weeks.
The pang' invaded the company'? premi
ses at the first expedition from boats.
They carried off $2i«0 worth of cable and
wire, and sold it 10 junk dealers for a
trifle as compared with the real value of
the plunder. The police were notified of
the raid, and constant watch has been
fc.ept ur»oii the grounds for the return of
Arie tlUeve&
!» Policeman Sherry was at Castro and
'First streets, in hiding last night, when
a watchman inside the works heard suspi
cious sounds. Policeman Moore was sent
in response to a call, and with Sherry
corralled the young raiders nfter a. chase
over the mud and the wharves along the
water front.
Stacked outside the works were piles of
wire. There was 1000 feet of copper worth
S503L Several hundred feet of copper cable
worth 75 cents a foot, a couple of hun
dred pounds of copper worth 20 cents a
pound, and COO feet of iiluminum wire
were in the aile.
. All of this was recovered, but the lot
stolen two weeks ago and twice th^ size
of last night's pile has probably been lost
to the company. It has been sold and re
sold by the junk men to whom the lads
disposed of jt.
That the young pirates were not electro
cuted during their raids is amazing the
company otricials. The burglars e-j.ieivd
the works by smashing a window in the
"test" 1 room. Here run? a wire that car
ries a current of 120.000 volts, and to touch
which would cause instant death. The
line passes through the room, within a
few feet of the window. The police have
learned that Audet. the smallest lad of
the trio, was hoisted into the room, and
how he escaped the heavily charged wire
DO one knows.
Men at the works declared they would
not have taken the chance in the dark
Xor all of the wire the company owns.
Confessions a-plenty were made to-day
to the police. The lads were only too
anxious to yield under the pressure of the
"sweat box." With the thieves in jail an
effort will now be made to force the junk
rnen who received the -wire and cable to
disgorge. According to the declarations
of the company's men prosecution of the
junk dealers will follow. Charges of bur
glary and grand larceny will be lodged
against the thieves.
CARGO SHIFTS DURING
HEAVY BLOW AT SEA
Collier Wellington Runs Into a Gale
and Reaches Port "With a * "
Heavy List.
OAKLAND. Doc. 2*J.— With her cargo of
coal shifted and a life boat smashed the
collier Wellington, Captain Salmond. from
L»adysmilh,B. C. docked to-day at Tay
lor's wharf.' foot of Franklin street. The
steamer ran into a stiff gale off the Wash
ington coast, and for nine hours all hands
stood by for emergencies. During the
Wow. which began Thursday night at 9
o'clock, the cargo shifted, giving the ves
sel a heavy list to port. Seas washed the
big collier from stem to stern. One roller
struck her amidships, tore aft and
knocked the starboard lifeboat out of Us
uavits on the poop.
The storm moderated during the night,
and at 6 o'clock Friday morning the worst
was over.
The steamer was between Capo Flattery
and Destruction Island when the blow
came. Atter it was= over there was fair
weather to port. The Wellington left
Ladysmliu Christmas morning at 2 o'clock
and had good weather uniil Thursday
night. She has 2iu<J tons of coal.
Ebells' "at Koine."
OAKLAND, Dec. 2y.— A fashionable
crowd attended the Ebell "at home" last
evening and a goodly sum was added to
the fund which will be devoted to fur
nishing the children's room in th« new
library building. The decorations, which
had been artistically arranged by Miss
Maud Edith Pope, wore in the gay Christ
mas colors. At one Fide of the club rooms
a. table was spread with dainty refresh
ments which were dispensed by ilrs. il.
Yorker, Mrs. T. C. Coogan and Mrs. Preii
tIps Selby. Mrs*. Irving Lewis was the
hostesfs for the evening and devoted her
self untiringly to the entertainment of the
guests.
A short programme was rendered by
several well known society people, the
lirsl number being a quartet, 'Wly Rose
bud Fair," the singers being E. D. Cran
dall. E. McCandlish, Lowell Redfieid and
I>r. H. P. Cariton. To encores they re
sponded with "Simple Simon" and "Tha
Beetle."
Miss Hibberd followed with a violin
solo, a berceuse by Godard, playing on re
call a serenade by Pierne. Miss Hibberd
was accompanied by Miss Helen Hagar.
Dr. E. von Adelung's solos "Margra
retha" and "The Open Window" were
followed by "How Santa datu Came to
. Simpson's Bar." one of Bret Harte's
j. stories, most entertainingly read by Miss
,'. Pearl King. A couple of vocal numbers,
' "To SeviUa," by Dessauer, and "Absent."
by Metcalf, sung by Mrs. Willis Collins,
closed the programme.
Occupying a conspicuous place in the
club rooms is a large painting which at
tracted considerable attention last even
ing. It represents a basket overflowing
with golden poppies, and was painted and
presented to the Ebell Society by Miss
Malzie Nicholls of East Oakland to be
>old for the benefit of the library fund.
Among those present last evening were:
Mr. and Mrs. George de Gnlia. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Egbert, Mr. Webber. Mr.
and Mrs. T. L. Barker, Mr. and Mrs. N.
A. Acker. Dr. Price. Mr. and Mrs. M. V.
Cooley. Mrs. L. Everts. Mrs. Terry. Jo
seph King. Mr. and Mrs. Charles King,
Mrs. Van de Gaw, Miss Van de Gaw, Miss
Fairchild. Miss Augusta Klose, Miss
Knox. Mrs. John Russ, Mr«. John L.
Howard, Mr. and Mrs. Irving Lewis, Mrs.
Thomas Creilin. Mrs. Filmore. Mrs. E. B.
Beck, Miss Holmes, Mr. and Mrs. George
Gross, Dr. and Mrs. Harry P. Cariton and
J. C. Albee.
New Courses at University.
BERKELEY, Dec. 29.— Three new
courses will be offered at the University
of California next term. President
Wheeler will teach a class in linguistics,
the specific subject to be Indo-European
"Jpomparative grammar, with special refer
fence to the Gfermanic, Greek and Latin
languages. The course will be open to
seniors ana graduate students only. Dr.
G. R. Noycs has announced a course in
Bohemian. Dr. A. L. Kroeber, recently
appointed instructor in anthropology, will
give a course dealing with the language,
myths and life of the American Indians.
l>r. Kroeber Ik at present engaged in field
research in various parts of this State.
TEAM CARRIES
DEATH MESSAGE
Rancher Stricken While
Driving Home on a
Lonely Road.
Falls From Wagon and Driver
less Horses Continue
the Journey.
Oakland Office San Franci*?o Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 29.
The driverless team of Sherman L. -Wil
liams, a rancher on the Decoto road,
three miles south pf Haywards, trotted
into the farm place* last evening, and the
absence of the owner, who had left early
in the morning, aroused the family.
Searching parties were organized to hunt
for the missing man. At midnight his un
conscious form was found on the road
half way between his ranch and Alvarado.
Quickly the farmer was taken to Hay
wards, but he was dead before physicians
could be of assistance.
The supposition is that Williams was
attacked with heart disease and fell off
his v.-agon while he was driving home.
His horses, knowing the road well, con
tinued the journey home, leaving their
owner dying by the roadside.
Careful examination was made of the
body for possible external injuries which
might reveal violence, but nothing was
found to indicate that other than natural
causes produced death.
Williams had been renting and operat
ing the Mohr ranch. He went to Alvarado
with his team yesterday, intending to buy
stock for the farm. He left there early
during the evening and started home.
The arrival of the team without him cre
ated consternation. A dozen men neigh
bors of the missing farmer organized the
party that went on the trail. It was
feared the rancher had met foul play.
There will be an inquest to-morrow.
The deceased rancher left a wife and
three children. He was 35 years old. a
native of Ohio. .
BARN BURNERS
ARE IN PERIL
San Rafael 1 Men Make
Threats Against In-
cendiaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. Dec. 29.— Another barn
was burned here to-night. About 8:30
o'clock Patrick Cassidy's property was
discovered on fire, and in a few minutes
the structure was destroyed. Three horses
and a cow were also burned. Cassidy was
severely injured while trying to save the
horses.
The person that started the fire also
gave the family of Constable George Ag
new a considerable scare. As he ran away
from the barn he threw a small quantity
of coal oil on Agnew's front steps. Mrs.
Agnew heard it strike and called to her
husband. On going to the door he dis
covered his neighbor's barn on fire and
gave the alarm.
Several nights ago the Mulcahy barn,
adjoining: Cassidy'e, was burned. : Sus
picion points to two' strangers who have
oeen seen prowling around the back yards
in this city for some time. Last night
they were frightened away from two
barns. The officers are making vigorous
searches for them. Threats of ls r nching
are freely indulged in and it will go hard
with the culprits if they are caught. This
is the fourth barn burned here within a
month.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
Albert U and Lucia E. Smith to Frank M.
wiH&OTi, lot on SE corner of Hamilton and Vir
gin'.a. streets. S l.'{o:4>-i by E 'MO, portion block
2, Ptatc fniverelty Homestead Association No
4. Berkeley; $10.
' Marline or Martina Christensen (widow) to
Agnes J. Parsons (widow) and Madge A. Fer
rell cPareons). all interest in lot on \V line of
Fruitvale avenue, 825 N of Hopkins street, N
5u by W 140, portion block 1>, Dimond Tract,
Fruitvale, Brooklyn Township: $5.
. E. B. and A. L. Stone Company (corpora
tion) to James Rutherford, lot on N\V corner
of Uroadway and Second street. N lit) by \V 75,
lots 21 and 22. block 10, Kellcrsberger's Map,
Oakland; Slit.
Supan Potter (widow) to Minnie A. Middle
ten, lot on N line of Wallace avenue or Twen
ty-eighth street, 1C5 AV of Grove. W 25 by N
14<J, lot Z, block D, Map Henry subdivision of
Whitcber, Brockhuret and Koland tracts, Oak
land: $10.
Joseph Silva or t>yce (son of Mary Koote
(Piiva) (deceased) to Mary A. Perelra or Perry
and C. F. Fereira, all interest in lot on N line '
of Park or Twenty-seventh street, 215 -W of
Grove as it existed in lK7i>, W 25 by N 100, lot
42. block "<>24, map No. 2, V.'hltcher Tract
Oakland; $10.
William J. and Virginia R. Dingee fljy their
attorney, Edward J. McCutchen) to George \V.
Austin, lot on N line of Thirty-fifth street. 35
E of Market, N 100 by E 33, portion of block
M. Map of property of Central L>an<l Company,
Oakland; flO.
«eorgt W. Austin <sin&le) to Anthony G.
and Margaret J. Hoffman, same, Oakland; $10.
Isaac L. and IZMo. J. Saxton to Warren Jew
ett. let en S\V line of Virginia street, 110:0
SK of Seminary avenue, BE 25 by S\V 150, lot
HCi. Map Bromley Tract, Brooklyn Township:
flO.
Milton Eugene Hale ffiinple)- to J. P. Nielsen,
lots 3 to r», hick 2<;. map resi#idivislon of
townsite of Fitchburg, formerly Fitehburg
Homestead lotp. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Leah F. Mott <*injf!e) to Norman L. Meads,
lot on W line of Walnut street, 7S:1 S of Ala
rr.f-da. avenue, \V ](X) by S Vlil; i«>rtion of block
E, may of property of Pioneer Homestead As
sociation, subject to deed of trust for $1800
Alameda; «10.
George P. Smyth. John T. E. Smyth (or
Kmlth) (both Bingle) to J. J. I^amping iot
on XV 25 feet lot ."{, block H, Central Land
Company Tract, together with the land em
braced In a proposed street called Nolan (or
Thirty-third) street, bounded by prolonging fn
ptraljht lin<»!<_ E and VV lines of above de-
ECtfbed lot, N .'JO feet to proposed center line
of raid proposed Nolan (or Thirty-third) street
Oakland: $10.
Patrick and Bridget O'Connor to Bridget
O'Connor (single, daughter), lot on W line of
Cherter street. 161:0'.;, N of Ninth. AV 07 N
24. E 87:1 M to a point on W line of Chester
200.1 Vi N of Ninth. K 3K:7 to beginning, be
lng lot 7. map survey No. 1415 for John Zlegen
bein. Oakland; gift.
J. J. and Maggie A. Lamping to Mrp. 'Jenny
L. Merrill, lot on S line of Nolan (or Thirty
third* street. 11O::J E of Market. E 25. S 80 :♦!
W 2r>. N 87, being a portion of block H Map
Property Central Land Company, Oakland:
?2fiO.
Henry 3. (or Henry Z.) Toomey to Kent J.
C. Seymour, lot on E line of Campbell Rtreet
154:9 N of Railroad avenue (or Seventh "treeO*
N 3S:4%. SE 142:11^. SW 30:J). N*\v l.H.s
being a portion of block 027, Boardman'g Map
also lot 15. block (590, Map Caeserly Tract at
Oakland Point, Oakland; $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Anthony G
Hoffman. Iot on N line of Thirty-eighth street.
:m.«3 E of Market, E 35 by N 130.50 Oik
land; $10.
J. P. Nielsen (single) to Emma Meljer, lots
.T to C. block 2«. Map Resubdivlslon Townslte
Fitchburr. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alameda Savings Bank to F. A. and Amelia
5. Hunter (wife), lot on N line of Railroad
avenue. SI E of Bay street. E 48 by N 100
being » portion of Page's Villa, as per man
144. lots Page Tract. Alameda; $10.
Hirvey H. Dana to Lillie P. Dana (wife),
lot on N line of Central avenue (widened to
80 feet). 417 W of Grand street (a street SO
feet wide). W 75 by N 147:C. Alameda; gift.
Saa Francisco and Oakland Mutual Lean
Association to Soren and Mary Jesptrsen, lot'
on N line of Grant street (now called Forty
nnrt), 267:6 E of Linden, E 50 by N 100 lot
0. MulUkin Tract. Oakland; $10. * ™'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY. DECEMBER 30, 1901.
COMPANY F, FIFTH REGIMENT, WILL
CELEBRATE SILVER ANNIVERSARY
Members Issue Invitations for a Ball Which Will Be Held at the
Twelfth-Street Armory on New Year's Eve in s Observance of
the Twenty-Fifth Year of the Existence of the Organization
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— In celebration
of Its silver anniversary, the
twenty-fifth year of its existence,
Company F, Fifth Infantry Regi
ment, National Guard of Califor
nia, has sent out invitations to a ball,
which will be held at the Twelfth-street
armory on New Year's eve.
The event is of peculiar interest to the
militiamen and their friends, for not only
is the holiday season to be merrily ob
served, but the quarter-centenary of the
organization will be given recognition
that the preparations promise will be a
red-letter event in the .history of Com
pany F.
The drill hall, a spacious apartment, has
been in the hands of the decorators for
several weeks. The scheme of embellish
ment comprehends a background of blue
and gold relieved by masses of greenery
displayed with artistic effect. At one end
of the ballroom is an electrical fountain.
At the opposite end of the room the band
stand has been erected. Blue and gold
bunting, with evergreens and flowers, are
used to decorate this structure.
Across the ballroom, along the sides,
large flags have been draped at intervals
of eight feet, with backgrounds of clus
tered designs in blue and gold.
Electrical illumination of the fountain
and the background has been provided.
The members of the company hav<>
taken a keen interest in the plans for
their celebration. Many of them have
given generously of their time and labor
to insure a splendid success for this an
niversary occasion. Hundreds of invita
tions have been issued, and the attend
ance is expected to surpass all of Com
pany F's preceding entertainments.
During the evening refreshments will be
served in the company parlors, where a
reception will be held in connection with
the ball.
SALVATIONISTS
INVOKE GRACE
Immense Gathering Held
Under the Blood and
Fire Flag.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 29.
A surgical operation, rendered neces
sary for the removal of an abscess from
her ear, prevented' Mrs. Booth-Tucker,
consul of the Salvation army, from piir
ilcipating. in the day of salvutlbu which
was celebrated to-day by tliC army.
The celebration resulted in a largo turn-*
out of Salvationists and their friends and
enthusiastic meetings at the Macdonoush
Theater. • ; - ■
Mrs. Booth-Tucker's disability is said to
be only temporary, and the officers of
her staff say that she will be able to
carry out her share ot the programme to
monow 'night at" thof Aibambra Theater
»n ban Francisco.
In spite of the consul's absence great
interest was taken in the celebration, and
for this one day the Salvation Army
seemed to have full possession of Oak
land.
A procession, which formed in front
of the army headquarters on Ninth
street, led tne way to the theater in the
afternoon. The parade was headed by the
national staff band, in command of Staff
Captaih Trumhell.
Tho women of the Oakland division fol
lowed, in command ot Staff Captain A.
W. Crawford. Then came the Pacilic
Coast Guards' band, led by Captain Rob
ert Griffiths, and the men of the Oak
land division brought up the rear.
The services in the theater were con
ducted by Colonel Ed Higgins, chief sec
retary of the United States, who also de
livered two addresses appropriate to the
occasion.
A musical programme was rendered by
the staff band and/ tho staff corps of
women singers. Staff Captain Mackenzie
led the latter.
Colonel George French, commander of
the Pacific Coast division, took a promi
nent part in the celebration.
There was another big outpouring of
the blood and fire soldiers to-night at fhe
theater. '
Police Round Up Tramps.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— Policemen Hamer
ton, Quigley and Williams rounded up a
gang of eight tramps this afternoon. The
tramps were encamped on the banks ot
Cemetery Creek, opposite Hawthorne
street, on Piedmont avenue. The gang
had been disturbing residents by begging
and petty stealing. The names given by
the crowd were: Thomas Jones, Matt
Rider, James Riley, John Smith,' William
Gilmore, J. B. Burns, James Reynolds
and Charles Johnson.
GUARDSMEN PROMINENT IN
ARRANGING SILVER ANNI
VERSARY OF COMPANY F.
Those who have charge of the affair are
comprised within the following commit
tees :
Arrangenjents — First Lieutenant G. W. Nick
erson Jr. Sergeant H. P. Johanson. Corporals
R. B. Morrill, E. W. Davis and William Rohr
backer. Musician A. F. Harbridge. Privates
R. Chubb Jr., E. Schmidt, L, Moreno, A. II.
Abbott and E. Brandt.
Reception — Quartermaster Sergeant E. O.
■Williams. Corporal E. W. Davis, Musician A.
E. Harbridge, Privates L. Moreno, "VV. Savtlle,
A. J. Gilbert, R. E. Nerney and L.. T. Gilbert
Decorations — E. Brandt, R. Chubb Jr.
Printing— L. Moreno, A. H. Abbott.
Music — W. Rohrbacker. L. Moreno.
Refreshments — A. P. Johanson, R. B. Mor
lill.
Floor director. Lieutenant C. C. Co\-alt: as
sistant. R. Chubb Jr.; aids — Sergeant W.Nord
lund. Corporals W. S. Leonard, R. P. Morrill,
E. R. Larkin and Privates E. Schmidt and A.
H. Abbott.
SCHMITZ FORCES
INVADE OAKLAND
San Francisco Labor
Delegates Tell How
They Did It.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 29.
J. S. Parry, secretary of the executive
committee of the San Francisco Union
Labor party and leader of the Schmitz
faction of that organization, accompanied
by a delegation, attended a meeting of the
Oakland Union Labor party this evening
at Becker's Hall, Ninth* and Washington
streets. They came in response to an In
vitation from the organizing committee of
the local party to. tell how they elected
Eugene E. Schmitz Mayor of San Fran
cisco and to give the union men of Oak
land a few pointers on political organiza
tion. Among the San Francisco labor rep
resentatives who addressed the meeting
were: J. S. Parry,- Joseph Miamore, T.
Fredericks, R. W. Roberts, Rudolph Ur
ban, Peter Duffy, R. B, Viiliage, W. Get
chell and J. A. Brien. J. *:. Holmes, A.
F. Murdock and C D. Rogers of the local
organization welcomed the visitors and
told how the labor party in Oakland ex
pected to carry every office at the next
election.
J. S. Parry advised the Oakland Union
Labor party to organize into district
clubs. He recommended, after the organi
zation had been completed, the holding of
mass-meetings for the purpose of keep
ing up the enthusiasm in the cause of
union labor.
"See that your members all register," he
said, "and take good care that they do not
vote at the primary elections. You want
to keep all hands free for placing candi
dates in the field by petition and voters nt
primary elections are barred from signing
such petitions.
"We elected Schmitz on the issue of or
ganized labor and through organization
of our forces."
Boiler Tank Runs Dry.
,ALAMEDA, Dec. . 29.— Because the
water tank which supplied the boilers at
the municipal electric light plant ran dry
last night the works had to be closed
down and darkness reigned until sun-up.
An examination to-day showed that the
pump which drew tho water from the
well and forced it into the supply reser
voir was out of repair and useless.
Death of Mrs. Lewis.
BERKELEY. Dec. 29.— Mrs. Laura Jane
Lewis, wife of Lee Lewis, .a local busi
ness mall, residing at 1513 Cariton street,
died this morning after several weeks'
illness. The deceased was a native • of
Pennsylvania, aged 39 years. Funeral
services will be held Tuesday at 1 o'clock
from the First . Methodist Episcopal
Church.
LITTLE PEOPLE
HOLD FESTIVALS
Children of Christ Church
Conduct a Manger
Service.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 29.— Children's Christ
mas services and festivals were held in
two of the local churches, Christ Episco
pal and the German Lutheran, this even
ing.
The younger people of Christ Church
conducted their beautiful yuletlde man
ger service, commencing at 7 o'clock.
Near the chancel was built a structure
representing a manger. As the carol pro
cession, of the little Sunday-school pupils
passed this each child deposited a glfl.
These contributions will be distributed
among the poor and the orphanages.
Decorations in keeping with the holiday
season were utilized in ornamenting the
interior of the auditorium. Noticeable In
the decorations was the rood screen of
evergreen and holly terries.
At the morning services in Christ
Church the sermon was preached by the
rector, the Kev. T. J. Lacey. Music was
rendered by the vested choir. D. D. Mac-
Donald was heard in a solo.
Santa Claus, with his proverbial robes,
nawhiskered countenance and bulging
sack of toys, was the attraction for the
children of the German Lutheran Church.
He arrived at 7 p. m. and without delay,
opened the festival and began passing out
presents from his pack and plucking good
things from a heavily laden tree.
An appropriate programme was given
by the Sunday-school children. Songs and
recitations in German by the youngsters
delighted-, their elders and drew forth
from the latter numerous happy speeches
in response. »
The Rev. William Brandea, pastor of
the German Lutheran Church, overlooked
nothing that tended to make the chil
dren's festival a success, and in his pleas
ant task he was accorded the hearty co
operation of the members of his congrer
gatlon. ■ ■ .
Prohibitionist to Lecture.
The local Prohibitionists are making
preparations for receiving Qulncy Lee
Morrow of Indiana, who begins a tour of
California on February 2 in the interest
of the Prohibition Alliance, a new anti
liquor organization. He will commence
his campaign at Chico and afterward will
visit Marysville, "Woodland, Stockton and
Sacramento. He. will arrive in this city
on February 8, a*hd on that date an all
day conference will be held in which a
number of the local temperance workers
will participate.
London's fire brigade puts out a fire at
an average, cost of £40. New York pays
£138 for the same service, and Cincinnati
holds :the record with £233 per fire.
SUDDEN DEATH
BEFALLS HUNTER
While Enjoying an Out
ing James Boyd
Drops Dead.
Eody Is Pound Near Blinds
on the Duck Ponds
. at Alvarado.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Dec. 29.
While on a hunting trip to the Alvarado
marshes James Boyd, a merchant resid
ing at 237 Perry street. San Franisco,
dropped dead this morning, his body be
ing found near the Golden Gate Gun
Club's headquarters on the marsh.
The deceased hunter left San Francisco
with- a party of friends yesterday after
noon to enjoy a day's sport among the
marshes on a duck hunting trip. Early
this morning they arose and started for
the "blinds," which were located some
distance from the club headquarters. The
"blinds" were reached by a trail across
a levee which had been erected to protect
the back lands from tide overflow.
Mr. Boyd had been out very early and
had started back to the clubhouse for
breakfast, when he suddenly fell to the
ground. Others in the party missed him
and a search was made. The body was
located at 7 o'clock midway between the
"blinds" and the clubhouse.
The remains were taken to Centerville,
where an inquest will be held. From ex
ternal appearances heart disease waa the
cause of death. It is supposed Air. Boyd
over exerted himself during the trip.
He was one of the oldest native sons in
the State, having been born in San Fran
cisco fifty-five years ago. His relatives
have been notified of his death.
Trustees to Meet.
BERKELEY, Dec. 29.— The Town Trus
tees will hold an adjourned meeting to
morrow night. The special order of busi
ness will be the consideration of business
licenses.
HEAVY RAINFALL
STOPS TRAFFIC
Railroad Lines Tied Up
in Pennsylvania and
Tennessee.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Dec. 29.-Inces
sant rains for the past forty-eight hours
throughout Eastern Tennessee threaten to
do more damage to property than the dis
astrous flood of last May, when eight lives
were lost and fully 52,000,000 damage was
done to railroad and farming property.
The Southern Railway has stopped all
trains between this city and Asheville, N.
C, owing to the water-covered and per
haps washed-out tracks between Newport
and Rankin. All through traffic and mail
will be handled over the Norfolk and
Western. It will be impossible for the
Southern to handle the trains east, via
Asheville, until late to-morrow at least
and possibly longer, for rain ia still fall
ing.
The Tennessee River is nearing the
thirty-foot mark at this point, with Indi
cations that it will reach forty feet and do
heavy damage.
LANCASTER, Pa., Dec. 29.— A heavy
rainfall has been continuous in this section
since last evening. All the streams in the
county are swollen greatly beyond their
volume and. Conestoga Creek has over
flowed its banks to an extent unknown in
recent years. The bridge crossing this
stream at Engleslde is threatened with de
struction, and traffic on the Lancaster-
Strasburg Railway, of which the bridge is
a link, has been suspended. The bridge
has begun to move and it is believed will
be washed away. It was erected seventy
five years ago.
High water at the plant of the Lancas
ter Electric Light Company at Rockhill,
on the Conestoga, affected the system and
sections of the city are in darkness to
night. The Susquehanna River ia rising
rapidly. At Safe Harbor, where the Con
estoga empties, the rise in the river is at
the rate of six inches an hour. The tracks
of the Port Deposit and Columbia Rail
road at this point are submerged and
much apprehension is felt for property on
low-lying ground. At Bald Friar, further
down the river, a landslide has occurred,
covering the tracks at Columbia and Ma
rietta. The river has not yet risen suffi
ciently to cause alarm.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 29.— Heavy rains for
thirty-six hours here and at all headwater
points on both rivers has produced a con
dition which will result in what may be
called a flood stage in the Ohio River by
to-morrow, when at least twenty feet is
predicted. Time!y warning by the weather
bureau will be the means of saving much
property and only temporary inconveni
ence is expected by interests along the
river fronts.
At midnight the marks at Davis Island
dam showed 14 feet and the water was
rising at the rate of four-tenths of a foot
an hour. Both the Allegheny and Mo
nongahela are still rising.
HTTMOKOUS LETTER FROM
PITTSBURG BOY IN MANILA
Paints Unique Pen Pictures of the
Country, Crops, People, Cus
toms and Occupations.
Private John C. Krause of the Sixth
Cavalry, now in the Philippines, is a Pitts
burg boy, and he has given this geography
of the islands in a letter home: ; "The isl
ands are a bunch of trouble on the west
ern horizon. They are bounded on the
west by hoodooism and smuggling, on the
north by rocks and destruction, on the
east by typhoons and monsoons, and on
the south by cannibalism and earthquakes.
The climate Is a combination of electrio
charges, especially adapted to 'raising
Cain.' The soil is extraordinarily fertile in
producing large crops of insurrection and
trickery. The inhabitants are very Indus
trious, "the chief occupation being the
making of bolos and knives, and the un
loading of Remington rifles and cartridges.
Their amusements are cock-fighting and
cheating. Their diet consists of boiled
rice, stewed rice, fried rice, and rice. The
Philippine marriage service is very im
pressive, especially the clause wherein a
wife can obtain the privilege of working
as much as her husband desires. Manila,
•the largest city. Is situated on beautiful
Manila Bay, a large, land-locked body of
water, full of disease, sharks, and sub
marine boats of Spanish make. The prin
cipal exports of the islands are rice, hemp
and sick soldiers. The most important
Imports are American soldiers, arms, am
munition, beer, and tobacco. Malaria is
so prevalent that on numerous occasions
the islands have been taken with a chill.
Communication has been established/be
tween the numerous islands by substi
tuting mosqultos for carrier pigeons, the
mo-sciuitoea.being much larger and better
able for the journey. The native costume
consists of a flour sack tied around the
waist, and anything under 12 years of age
waits until next vear."
Verein Eintracht Dance.
The Verein Eintracht Christmas festi
val and dance, given last night at 237
Twelfth street, proved most successful.
Several hundred people crowded the hall
and dancing was in progress until a late
hour. During the evening refreshments
were served.
CHILDREN MOURN
WALTER MODOSGO
Little Friends of Dead
Manager Attend Fu-
neral Services.
More Than Two Thousand
People Gather at Chapel
in Fruitvale.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. 20.
In marked contrast with a life spent
amid the tinsel glitter of stageland were
the funeral services held this afternoon
at Fruitvale over the remains of Walter
Melville Bishop, or Walter Morosco, as
the public knew him.
Simplicity marked the ceremony and
the little chapel in which the last word*
were said. The mourners were mostly
children, whose bitter grier paid a rare
tribute to the memory of their dead
friend.
It was the children that Walter Moros
co in his lifetime revealed himself as h©
was. It was these same children that
took the last look at the dead face ami
it was with children's hands that violets,
moist with children's tears, were gently
placed upon the casket until the narrow
box was transformed into a bed of gor
geous purple. The coffin -was carried.
from the chapel to the hearse through a,
lane of weeping little ones, who strewed
with still more purple blossoms the path .
of the bearers.
Services were held at Fruitvale Congre
gational Chanel, and at 2:30 the little
place of worship was crowded to the
doors. The throng surrounded tfia
building, and for nearly a block Fruitvale ,
avenue was one mass of humanity. Tha
chapel has accommodations for about SOU
people. There were in attendance more
than 2000.
The church was beautifully decorated
with flowers, this part of the work hav
ing been attended to by Mra. Henry
Wetherbee of Fruitvale.
The service was conducted by the Rev.
Henry B. Mowbray. the pastor, who paid,.
a sincere tribute to the dead man's life
and spoke feelingly of the loss sustained,
in his taking off.
Vocal selections were rendered by a.
male quartet under the direction of
Samuel D. Mayer, who also presided at
the organ. The other members of tha
quarte t were Benjamin Clark, J. F.
Fleming and J. R. Jones. At the church
they sang "Rock of Ages," "Go to Tfiy
Rest in Peace" and "Good Night." At
the graveside they sang "Nearer, My
God, to Thee" and "Forever With tho
Lord."
The chief mourners were Harry Mor
csco. only son of deceased, and his wife;
Henry and Edward Bishop, brothers of.
deceased; "Willard Parry and K. J.
Bishop, nephews, and Oliver and Leslie
Morosco, adopted sons.
The pall-bearers were: F. Graham. K.
B. Hogue. L. J. Ohnimus. Charles Nay
lor, W. Marwedel and Alfred Cohen.
The honorary pall-bearers consisted' of
a guard of honor from the Fruitvale ca
dets and six small boys from the West
Oakland Home. Deceased was an hon
orary member of the cadets and had
been for many years a stanch friend and
financial supporter of the home.
Sergeants Clark and Crosby, Corporals
Eschelman and Stevens. Musician Stev
ens and Private Sioueria made up tho
cadet guard. Captain Riley, Lieutenant
Clark and Sergeants Smith and Hauser
of the cadets acted as ushers in the
chapel. a
A number of the employes of the Grand
Opera-house were present, and Charles F.
Ackerman of the Orpheum and "Doc"
Leahy of the Tivoli represented the San
Francisco theatrical associates of tho
deceased.
The interment was in Mountain View
Cemetery.
HENRY WAHMTJTH DIES
AT HIS ALA3EBDA HOME
Came to California Many Years Ago
and Engaged in Business in
San Francisco.
ALAIIEDA, Dec. 29. — Henry Wahmuth
died this afternoon at 2 o'clock at his
home, 1218 Broadway. He was a well
known and well-to-do resident. Before
retiring from active life some, years ago
he was engaged in the brewery business
in San Francisco.
Deceased was a native of Lamstedt.
Germany, and had reached the age of 73
years and 5 months. He came to Cali
fornia Jn 1S36. For the last ten years he
had lived in this city. Death was due
to Bright's disease.
Surviving the deceased are a wife and
four children, William H. Wahmuth, Au
gust Wahmuth, Louis Wahmuth and Mrs.
M. Larder. W. H. Wahmuth is a mem
ber of the local police department.
Funeral services will be held at th« fam
ily residence Tuesday at 10 a. m. The
remains will be cremated at the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery in San Francisco.
YOUNG W0MA1T MEETS
DEATH FROM OPEBATTOM"
Mrs. Adele Smith. Loses Her Life at
the Hands of San Francisco
Physician.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— From the effects
of an operation performed by a San
Francisco doctor, whom it Is not as yet
known. Mrs. Adele Smith, 33 years old.
the wife of Daniel Smith, machinist, died
to-day at 711 Clinton street. East Oak
land. The home is the residence of Mrs.
M. J. Miller, mother of the dead woman.
To Deputy Coroner Quellen Mrs. Miller
made a statement concerning her daugh
ter's death which brings the case within
the purview of the police.
Mrs. Smith went to San Francisco on
Wednesday. After the operation she was
taken to the rooms of a Mrs. Nott, 212
Ellis street, who is a. nurse. Mrs. Miller
was summoned to take her daughter
home "on Friday, the patient being In a
serious condition.
The Penobscot tribe of Indians, which
numbered 245 In 1880, is now about 400
strong. Maine appropriates annually
$8000 for their benefit.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f Have you
ever tried it ? If not,
you can- get a free 4
sample by writing ft
a postal to die g*
UELLLVS FOOD COMPANY. fit
CCSTON, MAS5.
78
S\S FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Ftandsoo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; opea
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30- p. m.
S09 Haves street: open until 9:30 p. m.
<;-•> McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. SJ,
313 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. w
1311 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
I "22<'>1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
10C Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1(V.W Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Xortlivves-t corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
• i£iK) Fillmcre street: open until 9 p.m.
MEETING NOTICES^j
KING SOLOMON- S Lrdce No. 2C0. F. m
and A. M.. 1S39 Fillmore et. — Third _Cft_
riesree THIS EVENING, at 7:30 TSJT
o'clock. HAHRY BAEHR. Secretary. /V '
NOTICE— M. K tt. A. No. 35, please attend a
special meetins TUESDAY. December 31. 7
p. in. . J. R. FLOUD. President.
W. "VYAIUN. Secretary. .
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications lo mine by the hydraulic
procew from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Soper,
in Use Gray Lizard in'.ne. In Butte County,
near Rackerby. to deposit taillngrs in Swedes
Flat Creek; from Joseph D. Countryman, in
the Taaaery mine. «tt Oregon Hill, Yuba
County, to <lejxw=:t tailings in Oregon Creek, !
anJ from Manuel Fernandez, in the Inde-
pr-r.Jence mine, at New York Flat,. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings behind thS dam
of the Xevaia Mininjf Company, gives notic*
that a n:<vtirjr wili be held at room &>,
Flood builiM:)?. San Francisco, Cal., on Jan-
uary 6. 1902, at 1 :30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission havinar r*-
<*Mvod applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic -proCTRti from L. Lagornarslno, In th«
Kojny mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co., to
deposit tailings on a flat: from R. H. War-
ren and E. F. Jon«s. in the HanJscrabble |
mine, near Oak. Shasta Co.. to deposit tall- i
ir.ss In Clear Crock, and from Joseph Rup- !
h-y. la the Xpcto Flat placer mine, at Negro j
"at. El Dorado Co.. to deposit tailing* In i
rCrKro Gulch, elves notice that a meeting
rri:i be he!3 at room T<9, Flood building. San
rra-nclsso, Cai, on January 13, 1902. at 1:30
__Pj_^ ,
AVVC.U, MEETLVG SPR1NO VALLEY j
WATEH TYOP.KS — Thp annual meeting of the I
htod:>io'.flers of the Spring Valley Water j
Wo:-ks will be held at the office of the com- j
rany K'« Stockton St.. San Francisco. Cal..
«t 32 o'clock m. on WEDNESDAY, the 8th I
dar of January. 1!K)2. to elect trustees to j
action of «>tich other business as may be
brought before the meeting. Saa Francisco,
Decen-.ber -6. 1901. \
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary. j
THIS anuual mating of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco. |
<"nl.. win be held at Us banking-house, 301 j
Mnrtcomery *t.. San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1002. at 3:15 o'clock I
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve j
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meetinsr. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
Pan Frnnrisco. December IS. 1901.
ASPHALTl'M HOOKING.
CTrVT^HALTlTM " CO." 632 Market st!—^Roof s.
sidrwalks. floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPE written out. prospects, qualifica-
tion, undertakings, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, successful ventures, by mail If
d<-3irpd. RAYMOND. 993 Market St.. room 4.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces rf specialty ;qulck. quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Opea evening* byappolntroent;phoneJohnSlSL
G. IV. HOWE, 850 Market et., cor. Stockton.
R. w. KING, attorney. Examiner building, 6th
floor; all cases; fees low; estates, collections,
etc ; consultation free; no advance fees; open
c venires. I
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections; I
attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; partner-
ships; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless suc-
DCMfnl; oi«?ri eve's. J.M.Thurston,819 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON, JC7 Market «... opp. Mason.
L. S CLARK, Emma PpreckeU bldg., 027 Mar-
ket «. ; consultation free; no feet In advance.
1)U Vll.li!t— For Sal* or li-.i'lmngf.
?ci;\V uievvlt-s f(-r children, men and women;
lare?»t assortment on the Pacific Coast.
UAKEU & HAMILTON, Pine and Market stt,
Al.i.KN t*s*n till yuur *very want In the bicycle
tine; Oc»!unit«i«. Hartford, V*dr»tt>. Km*ka.
>B(< »c*-Hinfl*h6n»t ><iey-<-lft», ao< LarMft »t.
BOQKB— M3W A^D OLD.
FOR »«tr«ln£ienl, ©rfult. WKtaphvuleal boeka
t» \* ML*.' Market 1,. 8, F.
Ml M\r.s* CHAN CCS.
A-432«o- CORKER *aloon; ehotee*t locatltm;
titfcr* clpar* above KftO per month; |-*>nt 175.
Tlii* In a ran* chaticw. Call It. «. WILKE,
20 1 * Kearny st.
A-4300: HRAXOH bakpry and confectionery;
elope to lajpp schools; living rooms; rent $20; !
value in eight. Call R. O. AVILKE. 264
Kearny rt. |
A — **k»0; COAL and wooj yard, with 4 horses
and 2 wagrme; business is located In Oak-
land; established years and flrst-cla«s pay-
ing. AU particulars R. G. WILKE,
Kearny Ft.
A — $+00; SALOON on water front; rent $20;
pood paying business: Investigate at once; a
rare <-r.ance. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 264
Kearny st. . .*'
A — CIGAR Btand; fixtures, lease, good will for
SiOO; stock *at invoice: location can't be beat.
'/all R. O. WILKE. £6% Kearny St.
A— *2OC0; SALOON, about 20 feet from Call
building; rent $125; long lease; rarest chance
. in the market. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kcamy st.
A— tlVW; PARTNER wanted in pork and deU-
oatessen store close to Market St.; good bubi-
nev; only honest party need apply. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26*3 Kearny st. . ,
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
et. ; r«Trt $^S; place established many years
and doing a eood business; value In Eight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Keamy St.
A— $606; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es-
tablished years; nrct-class paying; located
close to Chrc r.iolc- Ucilding; bargain; call
Boon. R. a. WILxLE. 26i£ Kearny et.
A— ?5«0; Rr.STAI.RANT on Ellis Bt. doing a
rushing and g-roi paying business; rent only
$35; pla^ easily clears $100 per month.- R.
<J. WILKE. *J«.>4 Kearny st.
A— J1000; O'RNKR saloon on Sixth sL; rent
Sff>fl net; gor.d j:aying business; no better lo-
cation on Sixth Et. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Krarny 6t.
$4fXX>— 60- ROOM lodging-house; all newly fur-
nished ; situated on very busy corner; 10 bay
windows; reason, owner Is sick; we have also
50 others; see us before you buy. MILES &
CO., 927 Market St., room 208.
$1000— GROCERY and bar in Mission; good
bus.; estab. 20 yrs. Miles & Co.. 927 Mkt.
$000— -SALOON, with S rms. and cellar; money-
rcaker. MILES & CO.. 027 Market St.. r. 203.
HEALT & HENDERSON, phone James 277l!
C Eddy et.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
A— $125; BRANCH bakery; good trade; S
rooms; rent $12. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A— $200; DELICACY store: good trade: Sixth
Bt. ; 2 rooms : rent $15. STRAND. 209 Kearny
GOOD paying restaurant; whole or half Inter-
est for pale. DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
tZO Market st.
$CO0— BAKERY business; estab. years; good
wagon and counter trade; fine opportunity for
baker. Cal. Business Assn.. 665^ Market.
$17.~ WILL buy a restaurant; good rushing lo-
cation; bargain. Call quick at McBRIDE &.
CO.'S, 705 Market St.; phone\3433.
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 50 to $0
daily. AHv C. L. HEDGES, 462 Parrott bldg.
$3Sti PARTNER In chop house; $175 cash;
pay bal. out of business. DECKER, 921 Mkt.
M.-. ~ RESTAURANT suitable for man end
wire; s«':'l business; must be sold. Box 3154 .
«*a'.! tfilci.
CAXUV Ftorc- and factors' with living room for
Falc account iiiness. 2474 Mission st. '
GENTLEMAN with banking ex»erier.ce for
ertyi t»Msltton in interior town; muct have
iroin $5WO 5.0 $10,000, Address box o075.
Ton «:.:»■— R-sUurant; established in 18S9 and
continued undpr one management eve,r since;
ff>c.l uay'nsr business. For particulars in-
qnirelVaUeJo and S. F. Express, fill Market.
gALOOX lor sale cheap; long fease; one of the
«x:si paying (-aloons in the city: a few doors
from Call building. Apply 57 Third r.t.
KSTAI.!LISKnD wholesale and retail fruit and
produce business; good location; two teams.
Box ::CSC. Call office.
FOR sale — A first-class candy store, good busi-
ness and Jocation. on account of sickness.
Apply :u>t O'Farrell, bet. Taylor and Mason;
FOlT Sale — A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; lr;c?.tr-d in a growing town. Address
P. O. box -15», Healdfburg. Cal.
UAVE *2!HK: ani services to invest In 6team
laundry: country preferred. Box 3124. Call.
r*OTi~53AT.«E— Ef-tabllfhcd undertaking' business
jn Gali'.znG. Lot C.'. Alcms'ia. •■ ~ t
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
ATJOOD chance for a live man to go Into the
wood, coal, hay, grain and general com- j
mission business in the lively city of Peta- 1
luma; a large frontage on the water front,
with all the buildings, . scales, horses,
wagons, etc.. for doing a: large business;
right Jn center of the city: reasons of sell-
ing, other business. Apply to GEO. W.
JOHNSON & CO.. Petaluroa. ;
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A Near the Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
Big free I lit of lodging-houses at my office.
AU for sale on easy terms. Please call.
21 r. ; fine location; dears $115 mo $1500
36 r.: Frlendid. sunny corner that clears $193
month; on account of sickness owner will
cell for part cash or exchange for smaller
rooming-house or for real estate. $4000
23 r.; low rent; clears about $C0 month.. 600
10 r.; rent $35; clears $35 300
1S-ROOM HOUSE; RENT ONLY $50
Price Only $650 — Payments
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
S6 ROOMS; 2 entrances; clears $200 $1900
10 rooms; downtown; clears $80 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 1900
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 950
100 rooms; clears $400 6000
60 rooms; clears $350 3600
10 rooms: on Eddy et 750
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 786.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 2.1 Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
SPECIAL SALES
10* r. ; low rent, long leaac; first-class, modern.
6 r. ; modern flat; rent $40; elegant $650
84 r. ; pri. board. ; lst-class loc. ; clears $200.3600
28 r.: rent $12C; trans., perm.; clears 180
24 r.;rent $85; elegant fur., carp; 2500
17 r.: rent $45: cor.: oak fur.: clears $100. 850
11 r. : Jones residence; nice home 600
— CLEAR TITLE OR -NO SALE
A NOTICE— Before buying a house call on
A. H. RETSLOFF, •
(Tel. John B31.) BOG Market st.. cor. Ellis.
Largest list Lowest price Best terms.
21 rooms; Al location: payments $1000
8 rooms; Just listed: good 800
18 rooms; well furnished; bargain 1250
35 rooms; clears $200: exclusive sale... 3000
Fine flat for rent. Apply at RETSLOFF'S.
10 rooms; best In city; payments 600
A — NOTICE — All buyers of lodging-houses will
nnd it to their advantage to call upon ue.
We have great many large and small houses
on our books and stand ready to give you
reliable Information and help you with money
at low rate of Interest WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market; phone Jessie 2211; photograph
sallery entrance.
A— NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st. — We have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying investigate our list.
A ROOMING-HOUSE. 17 rooms; rent $30; full
of men: good location; cause sickness; price
$850. 28 Vi Clay st.
25- ROOM house north of Market; must be sold
at once; no agents. Box SO44. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 10 rooms. For
particulars Inquire at 329 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — For spot cash, a good house, 15 tc
35 rooms; principals only. Box 3092, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages, In wrapper for mailing, $1 p*r year-
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see^C^i^HEMEflTberore leaving
city; grand materializing seance Fox sisters'
raps; full light; to-night, 8 o'clock, 60c. 1304
Post Bt., near Franklin.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face: seance
Tuee.. Frl., Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush ft.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellli car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Goueh; phone Larkin 1086— Seances Sun.,
Tups.. Thura., 8:15 pin.; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
A—PROF. GEE~10S Sixth «t.; readings. 60c."
$1; circle Tut*,. Thur,. Frl. night. *&._
VRICE!. 1ST Hy.je, "circle" Monday. 7 p. w,
FmENPSlUP Hall. 3S5 McAllister— Mrs." Ci *•
Meyer; sitting* dally; test to all to»nlsht. lOe,
m CLAIRVOYANT!; »£
ONn^ScSLAnfrr.'. T. .onb*"K£Eari
CLAfflVeYAKT^rALMIgT,
em henry rmeitAitB.
Direct from Hotel C»ll, L«n<lon.
Hove ft pttyfhie nr patmUiry trailing ntvi
know thy future and pro»p#et§ ff>r 11*03.
tl 00! II iv. $l .to: II 001
111» Regular $5 00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
Foil SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on bUEltienp. speculation, all lov*. anil
domestic trouble*, settles lovers' quarrels, re*
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or Influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to S
Sundays.
Reception rooms, 13. 14, first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THB FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 456!).
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The m6st wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
be succeeds when others fail; permanently
' located at 125 Turk Bt. ; readings by mail.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTsT
Just what you want to know'; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. 607
.Kearny st.. parlors 1. 2, 3.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife-
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody^
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215 % 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight-
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to B p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis ;~clairvoya7nti
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna Bt., near 4th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dies 2£c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Pth; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORV. »17 Howard, clairvoyant and
eplrit card rePdrr; rnnsnlt me: L. 25c; O f>Oc.
50c and $1 — PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant: sci-
entific palmist; card reader. 1007% Market.
MME. ZFLLA, clairvoyant and card reader;
25c and 50c. 783% Market st. ; bring this ad.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay: 25c and 00c. 050 Folsom, cor. 6th.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON.~business me-
dium, price $1. 519% Leavenworth St., S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. w»>U-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. • 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING A\D CLEAJVIXO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. :tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
MODERN. CO.; steam cleaning: laying: clean-
lng or. floor. Phone Mint 801: 023 Mission.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works ; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st:; tel. Mission 2K3.
i COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet -cleaning Works.
I 333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 12C.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Wortt*. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th Ft.: tel. Mission 74. j
!: COLLECTION - OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, Cth
floor, 310 Market st.; advice free. Tel. Bush
■ 1!U: able body of attorneys.
COTTAGES TO: LET.
FURNISHED or unfurnished cottage, S rooms
and bath. 282l = BUtSh st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY; DECEMBER 30, 1901.
DENTISTS. , ■>%
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINsToiflilaj-ket St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other nil-
Ings, $l; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE "W. LEEK, 20 O' Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done paln-
lessly;teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m to 0 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 50;filllngs 50c;
■ plates $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING. M.D., dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister st. ;palnless extraction.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Pull set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
SET o7 teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Greary.nr.Lorlcin— Pain^
lesa ext., 60c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentrtft. third floor, Cx-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
DOG SPECIALIST. ■
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVT, canine specialist,
late of^New York City, has Just located at
900 Jonei st., where ha will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
10 to 8; telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. CIO Golden Gate ave.
URESSMAKKRS AXP SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
SECOND term night school for men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
sts.; 16- week courses, beginning January 6;
bookkeeping course $5, electrical course $5,
English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes In algebra, Anglo-American history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil service,
commercial geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution, English, free-hand draw-
Ing, geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
political science, ' social economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA, Director; H. J.
McCoy, General isecretary.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEEHING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., B. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month: $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriter. ; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their frlendi to attend the QALLAQHEa-
MARSH COLLEGE, Is thl.i advice worth foU
lowing? Life (scholarship $50: catalogue,
rKRFF.CTlON guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account's; figure*,
TARU; «xp«rt accountant, 8^0 1'arrott Wd^,
CAUFORNIA* n«MneiiTc i oUeKe7 most thorough
modem methods; position* for all graduates;
new eo-yag» e*ulee«n free, M5 Larhln »t, '
MERni"LL.MlT,J,Un t^lles^ahertnana, " typ.
Inff, wraetleal booHkeejilnu, Itwma 40-45, rar»
rett bldg.; individual twHruetton} t'ataletfue.
KNO I N H HttlNQptTtvU, «-leeITrnlnlnV,ffi«eh.sui>
vey, »aMiy, eyantde; <lax\ eve. ; <?«t. 1S84. Van
der NfcUlgn_ School, US Fulton, ri\ CltyJjaU.
A FULL tauiM» fit Kills bookkeeping and the
Gregg Ihwthaniit edstB only $<KK Ban fc*ran«
Cisco Bustntis College, ViM Market fet.
ACTtNO^HaTl«r School! Mr. Marry Gat«,
•eminent hctor, engaged fnr winter term open»
ing January. AlcaRar Theater building.
COMPETENT lady piano teacher; Riven lessons
reas. ; easy method. 847 Halght; tel. 1'age 05.
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
Ital. meth. ; concert & oratarlo. 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary Bt.;
day and even, classes; tend for new circular.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1SG3; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 102* Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, ?1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA; 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinda help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 510.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell, nr.Sutter;tel.BIack 5072.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
I COMPETENT woman with a child desireT^iH
uation; good cook and houseworker; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
' FIRST-CLASS Swedish waitress desires situ-
ation; best city reference. MISS CULLEN,
; 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl desires position care of children;
competent second, references; German girl
wishes place to assist, care of child, $10, $12.
: MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell; tel. Main 0332.
j GOOD, willing woman; a great housecleaner,
and can do most any kind of work; good ref-
erences; wages $1 25 day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. 760A Howard St., room 4.
{GIRL wishes cooking and downstairs work;
good reference. Apply at 2828 Twenty-fourth
J St., near Bryant ave.
: WOMAN wishes places to assist in general
housework; can do plain cooking. 22 Page.
! WANTED — Experienced waitress and chamber-
i maid would like situation In plain country
hotel; $15 to $20 per month and board of
j 8- year-old child; competent to take entire
charge of dining-room. Address MRS. A.
STRONG, St. Helena, Cal.
H A GOOD competent cook wishes position in
private family; thoroughly understands her
: business. Please call 157 Erie, nr. Folaom.
; FIRST-CLASS seamstress on dressmaking and
. • home sewing wishes engagements. MRS.
CATTS. 853'/f; Myrtle St., room 31.. Oakland.
; YOUNG French girl, cannot speak English,
wishes a situation for general housework.
Artdre-FS 304 Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Position as second girl In private
: I family. Address 260 Thirteenth st.
COMPETENT young woman wishes position
as housekeeper. Box 30S5, Call. ;
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
* to $6 week; convenient and" respectable; free
3 bus and baggage to and from ferry.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aad
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia et.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man* (Swede) ft wishes
coachman and gardener or as assistant gard-
ener; beat references. Address Box liO93
Call office. /
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; neat ap-
pearance, sober, willing and obliging; expert
horseman and driver; fine all-round man; best
city references. ' M. M.. 833 MlS3lon;st.,.clty.
WILL give any one $20 that will secure me a
situation' as watchman: good reference and
bond given. M. A. J., box 3C05, Call. . ,
YOUNG man of 20 years . wants situation;
- handy with horees, or any kind of work;
-best references. McKANNA, box 3096, Call.
YOUNG man, German,, good habits." ■ wants
position in private family. Box SC98, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED-.MALE.
YOUNG man, aged 23 years, would like posi-
tion in mercantile house with chance for ad-
vancement. ' Box 3097, Call. .
GERMAN man about place; understands care
of horses; good driver and milker; good gar-
dener. L. R., box 3045, Call office.
WANTED — Position on ranch as working man-
ager by competent farmer and fruit grower
and having help; small salary with advan-
tages; shares or would lease If suitable. Box
3030, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants to do light chores
on private place, or small ranch, city or
country; small pay: has good references. Box
8022, Call office. • .
WANTED by well educated, ' energetic and re-
llable young man of 20. salaried position,
$75; six years' experience in office .work;
thorough accountant. Box 3119, Call office.
GOOD Jobbing carpenter wishes employment;
mill, factory or ranch; strict non-drinker.
Box 3072. Call.
MALE professional nurse from Denver wants
situation; best of references; will go any
place. Box 3063. Call office.
BY a competent man a situation as fireman
to stationary' boiler or night watchman; in
or near city. Address I. H. D.. 425 Tehama.
-CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
COMPANIES promoted, guaranteed and
financed, stock taken in payment for serv-
ices; .good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PACIFIC Home Building Co. — New series of
Bhares now open; pays Interest and dividends;
a reliable paying Investment. 39 Nevada Blk.
WANTED — $7000 to build up manufactures of
unlimited market: thorough, good business
proposition :- Investigate. Box 3149. Call. .
FLATS TO LET.
OAK, 1909— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; never, been used; frescoed . ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 SO; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
A — NEW, elegant, opposite park, 0 rooms, por-
celain baths, social room, nice yards, large
basements; Sixth ave.. near Fulton st.
NEW upper flat. 6 rooms and finished attic:
elegant location, view and grounds; N.W.
cor. Waller., bet. Pierce and Stelner.
POLK. 630, bet. Turk and Eddy— Modern mid-
dle flat, 6 rooms; rent $35; no children. .
MODERN, 7 Ajoma; furniture for sale reason-
able. Addr&s box 3057, Call office.
f27 BO — NEW 'modern flat of 7 rooms, bath,
basement and yard.- 4034 18th, near. Castro.
$10 — FIVE sunny large rooms, upper flat. 127
Page', between Gough and Octavla. ■
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; rent low. Apply afternoons from 2 until
8 o'clock. 79 South Park.
ELEGANT 6-room sunny flat, furnished, 1
year, with reference. Box 3047. Call office.
$25—1517 GOLDEN GATE; middle floor, fur-
nished: 4 rooms, bath; piano: garden. 1 to 4.
FLATS WANTED.
PAPERING room, $3 up; painting reasonable.
Painter. 602 Stanyan st. ; phone Park 18.
FUKXITMtE FOB SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, ?4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market,
FURNITURE and carpets for sale cheap; near-
ly new. 16 Montgomery ave., top floor.
PARTLY furnished 6-room flat for sale cheap;
rent $13, 81SH Qeary 6t, ' J
FUnNITUIlQ WANTED.
WILSON buys aU klmia of household goods.
HIP Market Pt.; tel. South 4ia,
A. WOIAI'ERT, TT3 MUatan it,, pay* htghe#t
price for awond'hand. furnl lure; tel. Rtn> last.
TRU Jeesle "01 before selling furnUurf. ear-
p»t», planet ete. CUA8, UBVY. USS Market.
GL0VI3S.
CHH18TMA8 itf«ieftt=l>ftHleheff slave «rder{
raptwy j(rt<»« ttunr. ; kept In repair. 181 Orant.
lllil.l' WANTISD— tflS.MALB.
AT 0. U. HAN812N & eo.'B.a'hone Urant 1S8
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
tt Wiiiitr-^i'F, mining town, faro paid.. . ,,fiJ5
2 WcUtrVRBe*. short distance. ............ .820
Chambermaid, traveling men's hotel. .....$20
Chambermaid who lives at home....$rt we^k
25 waitresses, city and country hotels.. $20, SUft
Chambermaids to wait, city and country.. $20 |
Second cook for sawmill, one who has worked |
in camps before, see party here 10 a. m..$40 !
FAMILY DEPARTMENT I
WaitrePB, 2 in family, country $25
Cook for gentleman and valet, German or '
French $30 |
Houseglrl, Email family, San Rafael, fare ,'
paid $25 ;
Housekeeper for 2 men $10, $15
Other places for houseglrls. cooks, second
girls, nurseglrls, small families, good wages.
Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses . and Chambermaids
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
S waitresses, different country hotels, $20 and
$25; waitress and chambermaid to wait,
south, fare paid. $20; 2 chambermaids, $20;
3 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman cook,
$40, for club.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $35; cook and second, $45, small fam-
ily; woman with a child, $20; housegirl,
country, $25; many other choice places. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary Bt. .
AMERICAN housekeeper. Oakland, $20; Ger-°
man middle-age housekeeper, without in-
cumbrance. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell.
WANTED — Girl for second work and sewing;
wages $20; 3 In family. Forenoon, 1815 La-
guna st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to wait on sick
lady; $5 a week. 346 Sutter St., room 26.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; must
sleep at home. 2802 Pine st.
WANTED — Girl to do housework and under-
stands dressmaking; 2 in family. 138 Twelfth.
WANTED — Experienced waitress. 725 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED — 2 bright, active young women ' to
learn waiting on table. 725 Market st. •
WANTED — Girl to do housework and plain
cooking. 825 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Girl for housework at 1116 Ellis
street.
GIRL to assist in general housework. 3639
Twentieth St., near Valencia.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and housework;
small family; good wages. 2520 Green st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats wanted
! _at J200& Turk St., corner Jones. '
I YOUNG woman for housework half a day and
i evening; $12. Call 5 to 7 at 1911 Geary st.
OI'ERATORS at Levi strausa & Co.'s Overall
Factory. 32% Fremont St.; no rxperience
recassary: good pay, steady work. Apply to
in:, davis. ..
WANTED — Working girls; the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE teaches you in 2
weeks hairdresslng, manicuring, massage,
shampooing; entire course $5; eve. classes;
positions guaranteed; more calls for help than
we can fill. College. 233 Geary st., r. 13-15.
I CALIFORNIA College of HairCressing and
Massage; leading school of the West; prepares
j ywing ladies for the latest and most profit-.
able profession for women; full course 55.
Supreme Court bldg.. 305 Larkin St.; take
elevator: visitors welcome.
ASSISTANT cashier and wrapper in first-class
shoe store; must be quick and neat; steady
position; good salary; more if a typewriter;
state experience, if any. Box 3129, Call office.
A GIRL to do light housework in Alameda: 2
in family; good home; references; $2 a week.
Box 2606, Call office.
COLLAR rubbers wanted; $6 50 per week; Sat-'
urday afternoon on*. United States Laundry,
Sixteenth and Valencia sts. .
WANTED — Infant's nurse; references required.
Apply Monday morning at 2330 Washington.
GIRL for general housework; $20; references.
Call mornings or after 4 p. m., 2967 Howard.
A REFINED lady to travel: references re-
qulred. Box 3028. Call office. ,
SLEEVE ironers wanted. United States Laun-
. dry. Sixteenth and -Valencia sts.
. GIRLS wanted — Bookblndery. 536 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED presses and folders on negli-
gee shirts. LQWEXBERQ & CO.. 27 Jessie.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ' office for Call advertisements ami
subscriptions has been established at 101M»
Valencia st, ■; ■ ■
HELP WANTED MALE.
MUHRAT. & READY VS. .Phone Main 6848
..Leading Employment and labor Agents..
• • 634-636 Clay Street
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M ..•••
6 young men to work on fruit ranch, $20 and
found: 3 pruners. long Job. $30 and found; 8
farm hands; 5 plow teamsters, $30 and found;
• 6 choremen and choreboy ; choreman for vine-
yard, south; milker; buttermaker; foreman
for fruit ranch; furnace man for mine, $65
and house; sash weight molders; paperhang- 1
era, $3 day; 2 machinists; shingle packer and
sawyer, $65; 8 more woodchoppers on big Job,
75c to $2 50 cord, cheap fare, level ground;
10 tlemakers. 8c to 14c each.
HOTEL. ETC
Cook and wife, private boardjng-house, near
city. $50 and found ; cook and helper, hotel.
$50 and found; cook, 15 boarders, $30; cook,
country . hotel, $40: waiter, city restaurant,
$35 and found ; waiter, French hotel, coun-
try, $30 and found; 5 waiters, other places;
baker, country shep, $35 and found; dish-
washers, kitchen hands, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ..104 Geary st.
Railroad Work Free Fare
: .FOR CHATS WORTH PARK
Wanted — 50 tunnel men, machine men,
header men, corner men, drillers and muck-
ers, $2 50 to $3 a day
. 3 carpenters, country ' $3 a day
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
First-class broiler and oyster, cook, city. $70:
head cook, country hotel. $75; second cooks,
broilers and fryers. $40 to $70; butcher,
country shop, $35; nurse, institution, country,
$30; 20 kitchen hands, dishwashers and
others, $20 to $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED restaurant baker, $40 to $50;
boarding-house cook, $40 and found; restau-
rant second cook, $60; hotel porter, $25 and
found: waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, $35 to $40 and found;
foreman for sawmill, $100 month; 2 planer
men, $2 50 and $3 da-- 10 Russian laborers
for mill and woods, $26 to $30 and found;
carriage blacksmith, $3 to $3 50 day; 4
farmers and wives, $35 and $40 and found;
pruner, $1 75 dav; woodchoppers; tlemakers,
10c to 14c; 2 young milk wagon drivers, $25
and $30 and found; poultry man, $22, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
AT W." D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay St.
Cook and wife, hotel, near city.... $50
Cook and dishwasher, country.. $35 and $15
Gardener, private place, country.. $25 i
Vineyard hand, steady place $25
Cook, boarding-house $40
Mess boy. Government Job $16,
Planing-mlll foreman $3 a day
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st— Shoemaker,
repairs, $12 a week; butler, city, $45; mar-
ried man for orchard work, etc.. $45; cook,
plain hotel, $40; pantryman, $25; 6 young
men for farm work. Sonoma County. $25, etc.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' Union meets to-
night; election officers. Jos. R. Bliely, Sec.
RELIABLE young man with some cash; $15
week; steady place; no experience required.
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market St.. upstairs.
WANTED — A good stout woman to do cham-
berwork; wages $30 per month and board.
Hotel Repeller. 731 Sutter st.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon. . 816 Treat
. avenue.
BARBERS— Will trade good violin for barber
chair. McCLELLAN, 2308 Howard st.
WANTED — Second-hand on cakes at 516 Hayes
street.
2 COLORED boys about 12 years.' Apply at
1111B Golden Gate ave., Monday, 1 to 5.
WANTED— First-class restaurant butcher; call
early. BREUSS' Cafe. 70 Third st.
WANTED — A* dishwasher at 125 Seventh st.
2 BARBER'S chairs. Will & Flnck make, for
sale; $6 each. 234 Clara st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English, For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED— Elderly German to work in small
country hotel, take care 1 horse and milk 1
cow; wages $10 per month. Address box
8041, Call office, '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Tiolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runa Denver House, 217 Third »t,; l.*>» large
room*: ii.v per nieht: tX to <3 per week,
MEN tn l«mrft barlier trade; barber* In de>»
mand; only require* 8 weeks; toou donated;
catalogue toe, MOL.E1V8 BARUEU GOk*
tt35 Clay «t, ======= ___^
WANTKl'v=6*ntieman whn aequaintan?* with
)wti»f elapft to hsui.llo epeetal pronaftlMon,
> Call Monday 19 to IU, r, 4S ( Sift Market st,
A=4l2ft: fVTEADV wan a» partner in r«^1 vay.
Ing liiminwMi; wtll j»ay $20 ft week; 8$ Third,
ALT* *lae« men'a nhee», atlahUy dama^d, halt
prlee, MS Mle«len Et.. tmt. lit fc_RflJjh|_iU.
BOY In tin ohrtp! learn trade) ate W years,
jApply T to I*. M3 MUtton «t.
YOUNG man to do janitor work and learn
trade at S. r*. Bather College, T41A Howard
2'CttAlR barber rhop, with cigar itattd, for
sale; sickness. 300 Golden Gate ave.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for Bale; 60c up. 24 1 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 2G Steuart st.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army Ehoea.
60c up; soling 20c up. t>23 Howard st.. nr. Sth.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 50.3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
■ WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receivpd al Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ■
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp Irritations positively
cured, ladies or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment; consultation free. MRS.
HARTLAND. Hair Specialist, r. 30, 139 p.--at.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTIC magnetic institute; diseases, habits
cured; lessons given. Dr. Conrad, 7 Grant ave.
HOJ!>L0> AM» W.VOOXS.
FOR sale at a bargain, well advertised horse
market: complete outfit for breaking and
handling horses; low rent; good location.
Box 3076, Call.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Jan. 1, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer. -.
HORSES — 100 head to select from; good single
drivers from $20 up. JOHN H. HALTON,
1732 Market st.
ONE secoftci-hand undertaker's wagon, one i-
horse truclc, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth St.
400 FINE young mules ■ for sale or exchange.
Parker's rartch, Lockford, or A. F. ROOKER,
Stockton. . .-
FULL line German- Government horses always
on hand. John H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, G05 G. G. ave. j
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, j
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st. [
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light :
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission. !
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly I
Call, 1(5 pages, sent to any address in the I
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES TO LKT.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A — ELEGANT corner 50-room house; swell lo-
cation. SPECK & CO., 6U7 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
HOUSES WANTED FURNISHED.
WANTED— Immediately, furnished house or
ilat for 2 months: family of 4; north of Sut- l
ter and east of Flllmore. Box 3040. Call. !
LOST ASDFOrai).
STRAYED— Dec. 3, v 1901, white bull terrier
.dog, dark spot over eye and hip; ears and
tail not cut. Return to manager Sievers'
- i Nursery, cor. Chestnut and Polk sts. ; reward.
LOST— Keys on Union st. - Return to DR.
GASS, t>37 Geary st. ; reward.
LOST— In Western Addition, one breastplate
and traces for harness; reward. . Return to
Fredericksburg Bottling Co., 1510 Ellis st.
"LOST — Christmas . eve, pair of gold lorgnettes '
inscribed "Zoe"; valued as keepsake. Return |
to 2S1 Locust ave. 1 ; reward. i
$5 REWARD for return .of brown and white i
Knglish setter dog to 2721 Clay st.
LOST— Black and white cocker spaniel named
Fanny; reward. : 026 California st. !
LOST — Diamond heart; pear shaped, ruby cen- I
ter: liberal reward.^ Box 3065, Call office.' . . " j
IT will ' pay ■ to "Remember" ; that the Califor- '
nia Waieb-'esse Co.. 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold and silver to make new'watch cases.v • i
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento St..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, S. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for U3t.. Mrs. Hertz. >06 EUls.
MATTHKSS1SS AXO
TO order, also cleaned and setrillzed. uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 4il to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 4JI1. .
3IEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL — All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines nav e been used for many years by
thousandsrthe unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: -»11 classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. 3.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market at., opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, In midwifery cases; takes ladles
before and during- 1 confinement; btst of care;
confinement, $15; room and board, $5; infants
adopted: will take two to work at my private
resldence.606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement 210 Eddy st.. near
Taylor, tornreily of p312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located at
1223 Market; maternity home provided; of flee
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. pi. and 8 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. 5! GOODWIN. ladles' physician: 25
•years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 906 Market St., opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS, DAVIES' original
rrrthod of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1126 Market st.*, S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADY patrons— Dr. Rosen, rea. 1340 Alabama
st, near 26th; avoid delay; same low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and best in America — Tha Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MINES AXP MIXING.
WANTED— Half grub stake for half interest in
rich prospect In SE. Alaska by two parties
of good references who know country thor-
oughly. Box 3115. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS KOIt SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & W'OLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont at.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE. 616-520 Mission at.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
St., upstairs.
A— (3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler"s steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1815. worth $250. only
$90. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22,50. Fort-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton at.
26-IXCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER. So a roll; paper hanging, eto.
JJE1UQAN. 1303 Webster; tel. Jackion 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 24-hand. all makes at low
figures, L. & M\ ALEXANDER. M Montg'y,
, „_ _ — , , m
UOATH, launches, rowhoata carried in stock,
JIAKfeu & HAMILTON.
QAaOL]N8 enVlnea, aU iliei new and Sd.havu).
ami Uunehea, J, a DQAK. 800 Ml»ilon Pt,
ENQ1NE9 and be,Ueri< s#eqn4-hand. machinery,
J. BUUKB, ISO Qeale M.
gAFES=N*w ami eecftnd.hancl, THK JlfiR-
MAN »A_FB «Q,. *!T--<aa gaeraracnta at,
1ST-Ct«\§§ 8«l*h»n«1 metlern engine* an4 be>tl»rt
bought, »©ld, Kregh Mff^jCd., ttjBtavtsnsen.
I NBW ginger s»wlna maenln*; B drawer*; eaki
i eemplpt?; cheap, 1015 MU»lt>n, nr. Fifteenth,
JRWI5t»ttV for ialej dtarnonrtii, pr««toua Bton*«
bought, T, Ferihtand, IS*) Kearny «t., rm. SH.
UAH outfit*, ihowoawij nil lengths and slies.
JACOB fiCHWBRDT. S21 Mlsulon st.
MAGtC lantprn*. new atri 2rl-hand moving pic*
_ tur»9. BULLARD it BRKCK. 131 Pout et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Dental chair, Columbia or Wllker-
80 n; good condition; cheap for cash. Box 3001,
Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Silverman, 984 Folsom Jtel.FolsomllOl.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton.
■ MO.\K1 TO LUAA. *■
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate .....
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money ,
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,ouo at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
. ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase a'.ove securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker big.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. "~~"
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, > estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor.Chronicle bids. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation, established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 0 Grant av.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture pr pianos without removal; any
amount: lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8
BECKER & CO., 927 Market St., room 613.
I MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
j Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
! ■ ~*
! HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtain
| . liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
i lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84S
| Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
I CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgage at fi per cent per
[ annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. : any arat. : low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3 Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
j • Curiosity Store, IIS Geary st. Nat Raphael.
: 3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 170J). Room 81, 6 Eddy.
ANY amount on country property by private
party at 520 ,Walsworth ave., Oakland.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removnl- no
commls. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries, N. Y. plan; indorsed paper d!s-
counted. TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bids.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal*
strictly private. LICK. 11G McAllister st.
I ONE per cent on furniture; J5 a month on each
| $1000: any security. 302 Montgomery, st.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
j buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
■ ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
[ slflons. S. F. Discount Agcy.. 143 Phelan big.
, LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
I plan. .Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
• MONEY \VANTEdT
$200 WANTED on realty security outside city
I . Interest accordingly. Box 3130,* Call.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXVa.
A GOOD thins to remember— -We are not
conducting a "fake" sale of pianca nor sell-
ing for less than cost; neither are we giv-
ing piancs away for the sake of getting them
out of the house; no reliable or honest firm
does, or claims to do any of these things.
If you want a good piano at a reasonable
price, we have Just what you want, as you
can find out by calling. You can select
from Wissner. Decker & Son, Baumeister.
Steger or Sinser. Payments accepted If you
do not care to pay cash. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MVglC CO.. 769 Market St.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co.. sol*
agents most famous and oldest American
makes: easy payments; biR allowance for old
pianos; rents ?2 up allowed If purchased: our
new building and hall will be completed be-
fore March 1st; we are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear out
our sliKhtly used poods; amons them are all
the. standard makes from $25 up to $.>«x>;
open evening during this Rale; agents want-
ed everywhere for the Peerless Heine and
our entire line. HEINE PIANO CO.. 21T
Geary "st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $0 per month; some gcrnd
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHiiU-
JIAS, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oaklanj. 4
SOHMER & CO. Pianos. W*
BYRON MAUZY Pianoa. \
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianoa.
SPIELMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianoo from J35 up.
Second-hand cquare pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $23 up; new upright
pianoa from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng. Maaoa
& Haralln. Vose. Stirling pianos. '
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $S5; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ. $»5; Steinway
equare. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $2.3: Bech-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERb A
SON. 23 Fifth st.: IVER3 & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any t!m»
within 2 years -and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a plan*
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreit
St.; established 1850i
A STECK, Everett, ITardman, Ludwigr, Pack-
ard, Klngsbury or Smith & Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 033 Market st. Popular prlceat
Easy terms!
OUR piano?, the leading makers; price $100
upward- values best In the city. PIERCE" 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A— SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
PARTY callsd East is forced to sacrifice larg*
new $5OO upright grand piano. 543 Turk »*-^
$173— A RARE chance; fine uprightJj
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia BkM
$12r — SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.^
$75: Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins zithers, old and new. H.
MXJLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shrtnlriger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. S2S— Handsome large store, cheap;
also S04 Sansome gt.; reduced $10.
OIL.
OIL junlcs. second hand. In good order; aU
ilzes; cheap H. 8. WHITK. ol« Mission at.
FALIHSTIIY.
G L. Neergaard. president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Foat; phone Hyde SPSJ.
II. JEROME FO9ELLI, aeientlflc palmist, 515
Taylor »t.. bet. Geary and Peat: tel. Black 5til.
I'IgltSONAt.S.
LJ ST E^N ! Don^Tbuy over $-0 suvts; the quality
and workmanship ti high-priced.; any mtt of
overcoat In house to order $.2u; no more, na
leaa; any style, M.vsfcs, Ths Tailor, TMl
Qeary »t., earner Leavenworth.
AN ategant line of r*mnanta for aulta \o order,
flu; with the»» suit* we wafee an extra i>aif
ttf panu free of eharee; uthor «iUt» en tn»taiU
inem». il weekly. L i.kji.w, hi.* \u,ui
»t. % b«nweei> Seventh and Kiahth,
14HTEN! If* n»t wh4t y^u vay <°f ©«r *3 «U-
w««i jmnta; U'» wh*» you s»t f^r what jk>«
pay. They ar« wwl^k>eater»; beat value *i»
earth; maae |« wrder, MAgTftN, Th« Tailor,
Tu_i_U*ary_rtA twrner l^<t\"nwortl\.__ _^
WItT Uuens? You can fc«> certain nf *iy\* aM
nt hf Uftlnit S»tan4aM I'aU.'vn*; £>»'\ |--«t' '""'•>*
and Tli* LH-wifttter now r»a>1>\ J. \V, KVAN.-t,
t)om«>Mte office, 1021 Market #t. near Sixth,
FACtJ massage, complexion beautifying^; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super.
nuou* hair. mol»9, etc., remove.1 by elootria
n«««d!e. MME. ZEPHEY, lSS-S California »t.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 roomtj
23c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC halrdressingr. manicuring, shampoo-
ing:, etc.. at moderate prices In America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON."
324 Post at. ; switches at bargain prices.
SHAMPOOING. BOc; wrinkles removed, 50c:
hairdresslng. any Btyle, 23c; only th> best
switches, $1, $1 50. $2. G. LEDERER. 123
Stockton at.
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store, 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best things in ladles' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Bth.
WHITE enamel iron beds single, three-quaxter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
Sing Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock,
ton to 6ti8 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, wher*
can be found fine stock of ladies' underwear.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with*
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr. G.S.Moore. &"52 O' Farrell ; send for circular.
A — VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 763 Valencia st.. corner l!)th.
GOLD cure for drunkenness: sure remedy;
testimonials. MOOSER CO.. 1125 Geary. 3. F.
Mrs. Sriggs^ — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel.Larkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. T33 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
■■ cal costumer. 2ft OFarrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 5a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE*S FRENCH CORN PAINT^
the best corn cure: 23c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHACS A CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st
PATENTS AND PEXSIOXS.
PENSION advice free: general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PHYSICIANS A.\D SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNEli^Ofn^an^rresTdsncT I
1021U Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. * *
DR. WQNG HIM, herb doctor, successfully^
treats all diseases of the human body: sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A ~DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
iC4-ii.fi Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
I'LANVVi AND TLRMXtt MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL.F. HAAS. 95 Fremont
rnoi'EKTY WAXTEDJ
WASTED-To'wnt. a laTg7~v7n^rd or
chard. Address H. S.. box 3053. Call office.
1161 SA **TAKItM. ~
santtX
RILM. 12C0 Market st.; treatment free; only
invention m the world that will not torture.
"!?^il lL XOTICES «
BAD tenants ejected for S 4~T collections intST-
™ y ??* untr y- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery St.. rooms 9-lO;tel.538O.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged- r»-
pairing ; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205*4ta.
ALL hinds bcusM. sold. rer.teJ. exchan-ed- re-
pairing: lowest rates: phnn? Mint 4.1 145'eth.>|
PIEllCE-RODOLPlT Stora'sT'Irld'lSoTinT'coTI
office Pest and Powell sts. ; t«l. Main ' 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard SMI. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC. Storase and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ZV20 Fillmore St.; phone JacKson 281.
B£KINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Miasioa ft.1
UL Main 1840; .hippimr at cut ratea! *1 .
KFAI. F.STATi: O^-Ji-s-KO It S \I.«C. I
A SELECTED UST OF CHEAP PBOP£BTi&3 '
FOR PALE BY j
Vft. J. GL'.XX. 53» California St. '
$2.500 — Gr*>on-Et. corn* f iot, :2."r.l<x.i; very cheap. '
JftOT — A cho5ro building site In the Western •
Addition: adjoins a beautiful home that j
has largo grounds size 50x100; has the
aOvantagf of sunlight and gaiden; ele- '
vated v.nA Mghtly; fine marine view;
vciy cheap.
$2 irj tach — 3 Picrce-rt. lots, 25x100 each; the
oaeiost kind 01 payments can be ar-
rsrsped on all uf the above lots; yearly
qoartcriX «" monthly payments. " * 1
$1,220— Filbert and Pierce, SW. corner; 62:6x
112; a choice lot to build fiats on; street
'oituminized; faces a mansion that oecu- I
pies :he block, with beautiful grounds.
V-.----0 — Ootavia si., a NW*. corner: 37:6x100;
both sarcets bituminized; very cheap; a !
fine buy. j
S2..KV— Lapunft-st. lot, 23x137:8. j
?^.2c.i each— rnion tt., on rise of the hill, |
n?ar sunny side; 2 lots. 37:6x
HO; these are extra size, elevated and |
choice lots to improve.
(5.000 — Cheap; a very pretty home, in splendid
condition, .with all modern improve-
ments; built but a short lime; 7 rooms
and bathroom; lot 25x102:0; on Clay
*t.. Presidio Heights, in the midst of j
boom beautiful homes; an opportunity 1
offered to get a. bargain on account of
departure for Europe; not much money
roquired.
11.300 — Octavla-st. residence; close to cable i
» O; *rs ; 7 rooms and bathroom ; lot 25x !
4f' 124; mortgage of $3250 can remain; this '
iff the greatest bargain in the AVestern
f Addition; offered at this low price on
account of leaving the city.
f:\OO0-26th-st. lot; sunny side; 50x114
$SIX»— Valley. N. side, near Church; 26x114.
Call on the unijcrsitrned for lots in Richmond
district, north of the Park, from 1st ave. to ll!th
ave.; graded and ready to build on and offered
at very reasonable prices; some fine buys
!W. J. C.CNN, 530 California st.
IF you have any property to sell on Vallejo.
Green. Unior.. Kiibert or Lombard, west of
Van Xess ave. then call on the undersigned
VT. J. Gl"XN, E30 California Et.
THE undersigned calls the attention of those
have property to dispose of in the district
between Hth and 20th sts.. and on streets be-
tween Sanchrz and Howard, to submit propo-
sitions to sell
W. J. GUNN. S30 California st.
A GREAT sacrifice: *155O will buy a large
modern cottape on a comer lot 37:6x70 feet,
with nice barn, at TOG Andover ave., south-
west corner of nenton st. Inquire of E. K.
PEAKSON. 2CT.2 Twenty-second St. Tel.
Carp C01.
VALEXCIA-ST. lots -with double frontage. $125
per front foot. ASHTOX & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
IF you want a home we will buy a lot and
bui'd y/iu a house on monthly payments.
Pacific Home Building Co., 39 Nevada Block.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 10 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
I ' —
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
»* FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^^
•. Small tracts. $00 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
J Cotati. Sonoma, Co.; future value assured, as
k ' San Francisco is grow-iruj rapidly; location
be*t for poultry and general farming-. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California Et., for pam-
phlets and information.
TO rent — The best 120-acre ranch In Napa Val-'
ley: well improved and fully equipped; $1000
cash: call to-day
X. D. PICKELS. the T^and Agent. 6 Geary.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to ee!I: right locality; big money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson, 6 Eddy st.
FOR homes for health and profit see J. J.
BAMBER. Skyland. Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; ■write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL. ESTATES.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; H cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
$1400 — HOUSE of 8 rooms; lot 50x120; only 1
block from station; & snap.
JOS. J. MASON,
■Berkeley Station.
flSOO— HOUSE or 6 irooms and bath; 2 blocks
from station; on the sunny eide of street.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
(5500 — HOUSE of S rooms, thoroughly modern;
one block from U. C. prounds and east of
Telegraph ave. JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
(1000 — BIG bargain; cozy 5-roomed cottage
with porcelain sink and hot water boiler;
eunny Bide, close to San Pablo ave.; street
-work all done, including stone walks; all
newly painted and papered. Apply for quick
sale to box 2378. Call office, Oakland.
fe. M. DODGE & SON. ' ~~
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
(3230 — Something extra nice in the way of a
inodern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 50x125; 7 rooms
&nd bath. Call and let us show you this.
HOUSES of every description and price for sale
or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD. 1118
Broadway; telephone Main 10.
OAK LAM) COTTAGES TO LET.
EUNNT lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vica throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; larg-j
comer lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot Elevated: choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
eve. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 16T>9 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
ROOMS AND HOARD WAXTED.
.Vi* ANTED — In Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley. '
by &n old lady, room and board in a family
Of Christian Scientists. Address, with terms,
box 3094. Call. San Francisco.
(IAKLAXD Fl'RXITl'UE FOR SALE.
An Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland. .
ROOMS FOR HOL'SEKEBPIXO.' ■
FIFTH, 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping, $12; 3 j
connecting, 2 beds.- $15; also single, $5 to $7.
GEART. 1225— 2 jor 3 large rooms; gas stove;
bay window; single or en suite.
HYDE, 14.5 — Housekeeping, bath and gas; aUo
other rooms; su.'nv.
H7DK, 40* — Nicely furnished basement Suite
for housekeeping; yard; laundry; coal or gas
stove; $14.
MART, «4Vi — Two nr three furnished rooms for
housekeeping, with bath.
11'ALLlfiTER, 937 — :$ n-ell furnished sunny
hfusf-kppping rooms, fl5; lower.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia tt.
I TtUCMM TO LET — Kurn, and Unfnrn.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New. elegant,
sunny: Brill attached: TSc day upward; rates I
by wi-ekior month; McAllister cars to dcor.
~.a —BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
2T>c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 416 O'Farrell Ft. — Neatly furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite or single.
TlURNETT. H2« Market fold No. 1364)— Fur-
r.ished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished punny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDT, G03T — Xice eunny furnished room; ga*
and phone.
J21A.IS ?,2\ aiozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
3.V, $1 50 night: $1 50. $C wit.; open all night.
"E1AA* CSiA — Nice newly furnished front room.
mjitaVTe for one or two gentlemen.
EVFLYV 20S Powell — Sunny front rooms,
nlwly'iurnished. first floor; also small sunny
■ rooms; reasonable.
FOLSOM cor Ninth — Large sunny rooms;
quiet hoose;'adultg; fine view; reasonable.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Eleraat suites; single;
baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor,
HARRISOJJ 784 ii near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
V'tir-: $1 week up. _-_
J HAYES. KTTl-NltfC front room, with or with- j
r cfct ttfjtrd; private family; reasonable. j
KO%\\PAj. ftKtV.— Larpe sunny rcont for 2 RCfl-
tl4rnpp or !!;rht houirfkcepir,?; h!»« 2 elfigie j
be]!--, rat; and bath.
JONIS. .'iti^-Xfoely furnished suite, suitable
lorldoctor's office: gas, bath, telephone.
MIN?U WTTcoroer^Eiihth— Newly furnished
baj-wiadow reom; Jl per week; transient. I
KCOHS TO LET Fnrn. nnjl_JL/"nf nrn. |
NEW ARLINGTON'!" 1018 Market— Nicely lur-
nlhhed rooms; $2 a week up: :&e a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office?: elevator: dec, lights: day, -week, mo.
O'FAItnELL, 32T — Pleasant single rooms; ?6
and I?T per month^ . >
SCOTT. 253— Furniefced room tvith piano; b?.y
window. ' ' •
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER 320^4 (The Stanford)— Suites from 53
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisement!" and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100C
Valencia st. '
ROOMS AXI)" HOARD.
WAKTED — Few boarders; private" family; in
beautiful suburb* of San Jose: gentlemen
preferred. Box 548, San Jose, Cal.
HOTEL Dennlston. cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
—In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irviilgdale. C26 Eddy — Suite suitable for |
three gentleiheri with board, $G0; single rooms
with board, ?22 50 up; excellent table. 1
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 727 — Nicely furnished
sunny room, with or without board; gas;
bath; private; reasonable.
BUSH, 2215 — Two large rooms with* board;.
plenty of sun^
! EDDY. 31C— Elegantly furnished sunny room;
: board excellent. . .
! CALIPORXIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
! family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
i VAN NESS, 51!)— Handsome furnished apart-
ments: conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
! XIARA, C15 Taylor — Nicely furnished sunny
i rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.
j HOTEL- Repelier. 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
' A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia st.
I ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTED — By old gentleman and daughter, 2
unfurnished rooms and kitchen; north of Mar-
het, not far from theaters. Box 3071. Call.
■* OR 5 rooms, unfurnished, in modern build-
ing; steam heat; close in; north of Market.
Box 3081, Call. -
TVPEWRlTErfS AND SUPPLIES.
I GR^A^riBA^RG^A^irsltN'TTPEWRITERS^VVe
sell better machines for less money than any/
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 538 California; telephone Main 266.
I WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
I typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 2U9 Sansome.
DIVIDEND •NOTICES.
CALn?O^NlA~sTF^5^oilT~AND~TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1901. dividends have been declared
1 on deposits in the savings department of this
■ company as follows : On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2. 1903. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1. 1902. J.
' DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
! SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, 101 Mont-
gomery st.. corner of Sutter— The board of
i directors declared?" a dividend for the term
j ending December 31, 1901. at the rate of
three and one-eighth (3%) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay-
i able on and after January 2, 1902. Dividends
not called for are added to and bear the
same rate of dividend as the principal from
. and after January 1, 1902. •
CYKUSJVT. CARMANY.'Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savings Bank,
222 Montgomery st.. Mills building— For the
half-year ending December 31, 1901, dividends
on term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be payable
on and after January 2. 1002. S. L. ABBOT
JR.. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, S32 Cal-
lfornla St., corner Webb. — For the half-year
ending with the 31st of December. 1901, . a
dividend has been declared at the rate per
annum of three and forty-two one hundredths
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits and three
(3) per cent on ordinary deposits free of
taxes, payable on ana after Thursday, Janu-
ary 2, 1902. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO — For the half year ending December
31, 1901. a dividend has been declared at the
rate jot three (3) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Thursday. January 2, 1902. GEORGE A.
STORY. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society 526
California st. — For the half-year ending with
December 81. 1901. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on alt deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able ori and after Thursday, January 2,
1902. CEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion. 222 Sansome st., has declared for the
six months ending December 81, 1901, a divi-
dend of 8 per cent per annum on Classes "A"
and "F" stock, 6 per cent on term deposits
' and 5 per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
j taxes. WILLIAM CORB1N. Secretary.
1 HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
: Geary st. — The directors have declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1902.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVURTISESIKJSTS. *
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go Into court.
Room 011. Examiner bldg.: phone Black 3604.
rilOl'OSAt,!),
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco. Cal., December 27, 1U01 —
Sealed proposals in triplicate will be received
at this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Friday,
January 10, 1902, Pacific Standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing Arctic Overshoes;
Muskrat Caps and Gauntlets, Jean Drawers]
I Campaign Hats, Neckties, Knit Wool Draw-
ers and Undershirts, Woolen Stockings, White
Muslin Shirts, Scrubbing Brushes, Company
Post and Regimental Books, Rubber Ponchos
and Sky-blue Kersey. Quantities to be sub-
i ject to an increase of 2o per cent if desired
1 by this Department. Bids will be opened for
I the delivery of the same articles at either
I the San Francisco, Boston, Chicago or Phil-
! adelphia depots. To avoid misunderstanding
! as to the exact nature of the articles to be
furnished, bidders will carefully examine the
standard samples and specifications so that
proposals may be submitted by them with a
full knowledge of what will be required. An
absolute compliance with standard and speci*
0cations will be insisted upon in the inspec-
tion of the goods. UNGUARANTEED BIDS
. AND BIDS UPON SAMPLES differing from
standard and specifications will under no cir-
cumstances be considered, except in case of
stockings, which are to have shaped heels.
Bids for delivery or Inspection at other points
than those named above will not be con-
sidered. Early deliveries are essential. Bid-
ders must state In their proposals the rate
[ and time of delivery should contract bo
awarded to them, and no proposition should
be made which they are not positive that
they can absolutely fulfill. The articles ad-
vertised for are the same for which bids will
be opened at the other depots. Preference
will be given to articles of domestic produc-
tion and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (including in the price of
foreign production and manufacture the duty
thereon), and such preference will be given to
articles of American production and manufac-
ture produced on the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
tent of the consumption required by the pub-
lic sen-ice there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any of all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on ap-
plication. Envelopes containing proposals
■vrlll be Indorsed "Proposals No. 1149&," and
addressed to MAJOR C. P. MILLER, Quar-
termaster, U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
BIRTHS— MARRUOES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CZERWINSKY— In 'this city. December 26,
1901, to the wife of Julius Czerwinsky, a son.
DALEY— In this city, December 29, 1901, to
the wife of Cornelius Daley, a daughter.
GAFFNEY-^In this city, December 28; 1901,
to the wife of James B. Garfney, a son.
VUKOVICH— In this city. December 26. 1901.
to the wife of John G. Vuko\-ich, a daugh-
ter '
MARRIED. ~
KALISKY — DAVIS — In this city, December 22,
1901. by Rabbi Myers. Fred Kaiisky and i
Mollie Davis, both of San Francisco.
LEFFINGWELL— MARTIN— In this. city, De-
cember 28, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. :
B. Wilson. Samuel Allx Leffingwell and
Martha E. Martin, both of San Francisco.
OUVER— BEVERIDGE — In this city. Decem-
ber 29. 1001. at St. Stephen's Episcopal
Church, by the Rev. Edgar Lion, Arthur St.
John Oliver, son of William I. Oliver, Esq.,.
London, Enftland, and Agnes Emily Bev-
crldge, daughter of Horatio Reveridge, an<i
granddaughter of the late Edward Gflman.
Esq.. Of Hingham, Norfolk, England.
SARGENT — MOREE-In this city, December
28, 1001. by the Rev. J. E. Soott. Nathan
J. Sarerent ot Tientsin. China,- and Jennie
' M. Morse of Ean Francisco. ;
THE SAN FRAKCISCp <pALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1901.
;.VK£:f^ DIED. ffif4
BemiBs, Mary K. McNamee, Patrick
» a'ne, Mary E. Mahan, John F.
Blohm. John A. Millberry, Mary A. .
Boyd, James Montijo. Henrietta '
voyrove. Mary A. Morrissey. Patrick
t eder. fcamuel Palmer. Edwin C.
gainey, Catherine Scott, Herbert F. .
Greenbaum, Beckie Shurtleff, Mrs. H.
Hphagen, Sarah fimith, Adell
Kimball. Fred L. Thomas, Cecelia
Lee, Thomas Veghte, Phoebe
McCann, Patrick J. Wahmuth, Henry
McGovern. John Wessels. Joseph
BEMISS— In this city, December 18, 1901,
Mary Kearney Bemiss. beloved wife of Dr.
H. P. Bemiss, and mother of Lincoln E.
Bemiss and Mrs. Leonice H. Kelsey, a na-
tive of New York.
1 (E7"The services wtli take place from the
chapel In Cypress Lawn Cemetery on the
arrival of the 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Tcwnsend streets depot, Monday, Decem-
ber SO. Interment private.
BLAINE — In this city, December 29, 1961,
Mary E. Maine, & native of Boston, aged «55
years and 3 months.
. BLOHM— In this city, December 29, 1901,
John A., dearly beloved husband of Anna
Blohm, father of Bernhard and Hermann
Blohm, son of Sophia and the late John
Blohm, brother of Herman, Bernhatd, Ernest,
Heinrich, Frledrich, WHhelm, Albert and
the late Georse Blohm and Mrs. Sophie
Schacht, and brother-in-law Of John H.,
Herman, Henry and Meta Dorgeloh, a native
of Dreyer, Bremen, Germany, aged 87 years
« months and 11' days. A member of Nord-
deutscher Verein and Liberty Lodge No.
3400% K. of H.
are reajiectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence, 622 Haight
street, between Stelner and Pierce. Inter-
ment private. Mount Olivet Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
BOYD — In Alvarado; December 29, 1901, Jamei
Boyd, beloved husband of Augusta Boyd,
father of Katie Boyd, -stepfather of Grace
and George Boyd; and brother of Mrs. Henry
Kamena, a, native of the Isle of Man.
COSGROVE — In this city, December 2ST 1901.
Mary A., beloved wife of Joseph J. Cos-
grove. mother of Anna and Joseph Cosgrove
aria the late Eugene and Mary Ann Cosgrove,
and sister of Annie; Helen and Margaret Hou-
rihan, a native of the parish of Caheragh,
County Cork, Ireland, sused 28 years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at J>:30 O'clock, from her late resi-
: denoe, 2202 Union street; thence to St.
Brigic'.'s Churchj where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FEDER-^In this city, December 29, 1901,
Samuel, beloved husband ot Matilda Feder,
1 and father of Mrs. A. W. Hexter of Marys
ville, Mrs. Jaque Mayer of Berlin, Germany,
Mrs. Slg. Cahen and Adalina, Anita and Mil-
ton Feder, a native of Prussia, aged 63
years.
GAINEY — In this city, December 28; 1901,
Catherine Gainey, a native of County Cork,
, Ireland, aged 75. years.
inPFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Moncay), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of C. P. Bush, 520 Post street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for «srvices. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREENBAUM — In this city, December 29,
1901, Beckiej beloved wife of Morris, and
mother of Joseph Greenbaum, a native of
New Orieans, La., aged 32 years 10 months
and 13 days.
HASHAGEN- In this city, December 27. 1901,
Sarah, beloved wife of Christian Hashagen,
devoted mother of William,' Bertha, .Chris
and Joseph Hashagen and Mrs. E. J. Behan,
and sister of Martin Donohue, a native of
Kings County, Ireland, aged 63 years 1
month and 22 days.
EyFriend's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late re«i-
> dence, 387 California avenue, corner Cort-
land avenue, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated commenclnff at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KIMBALL— In this city, December 29, 1901,
Fred L., beloved son of Thomas and the late
Cornelia A. Kimball, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 35' years C months and 13 days.
A member of Hackmeh's Union, Local 224,
and the Stablemen's Union.
ETFf lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the
residence of his father, 1715^ Jones street.
Interment Mount Ollvot Cemetery, by car-
riaze.
LEE — In this city, Thomas, beloved husband
of Mary, and father of Joseph and Frank j
Lee and Mrs. Mary Farrell, a native of
■Ireland, aged 71 years.
tEFNotice" of funeral hereafter.
McCANN — In this city. December 29, 1901,
Patrick J.. dearly beloved husband of Kate
McCann, and father of Rene and Georgie Mc-
Cann, and a member of the San Francisca
Bricklayers' Association, a native of -County
Armagh, Ireland, aged 32 years 8 months
and 13 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McGOVERN — In this city, December 23, 1901.
John, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
McGovern, beloved father of James J., Phil
F., Robert H. t Margaret V. and Winifred
K. McGovern, son of Philip and the late
; Margaret McGovern, and brother of Mrs.
M. Donlan, Mrs. H. B. Morey, Mrs. T.
Darcy. Mrs. M. Darcy, Mrs. Kv O'Leary of
Seattle and the late Mary McGovern, a na-
tive of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 52 years
0 months and 22 days. (Seattle and -Ha-
waiian papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
■ residence, 147 Cook street, between Point
Loboa and St. Rose avenues, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
wilL be celebrated for the repoee of his soul,
commencing- at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McNAMEE — In this city, December 28, 1901,
Patrick, beloved hnsbar.d of Mary McNamee;
and father of William John McNamee, a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland. A mem-
ber of Loyola Assembly No. 1, Y. M. C. U.
G?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, Mission
street, between -Third and Fourth, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAHAN— In this city, December 28, 1901, John
Fenton Mahan, beloved father of Elizabeth
. Geimann. a native of Queens County, Ire-
land, aeed 77 years. - .
ICTFriends arid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral , to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, frorri the residence
of his daughter, 115S McAllister street,
thence to Holy Cross Church, where a re-
quiem hish mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLBERRY— in this city 1 , at her residence,
2614 Lartcin street, December 28, 1901, Mary
Amy, beloved wife of S. F. Millberry. and
mother of Fred M. of Stevens Point, _Wis..
Dr Guy S., Percy H. f Faith I. and M. 'Avis
Millberry and Mrs. N. G. Symonds, a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 53 years 7 months and
ICXFuneral will be held from her late real-'
dence 2C14 Larklri street, to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 1 o'clock. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. V .
MONTIJO— In this City, December 29, 1901,
Henrietta Montijo, beloved daughter Of Mrs.
Mary Roebka of 911 Seventh street, Oakland,
a native of California, aged 21 years 3
months and 17 days.
trr Remains at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Nes3 avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
MORRISSEY — In this city, December 29, 1901,
Patrick Morrissey, father of William H. and
James II. Morrissey, a native of Ireland,
aged 72 years and- 3 months. (Portland, Or.,
and Seattle, Wash., papers please copy.)
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 266(5 Mission
street, thence to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-
ninth and Church streets, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PALMER — In this city, December 29, 1901,
Edwin C, beloved father of Samuel D. Pal-
mer, and brother of Clinton Palmer, a na-
tive of South Carolina, aged 73 years and 6
days.
(ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 /o'clock, at his
late residence, 724 California street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
SCOTT — In this city, December 27, 1901, Hei-
bert F.. beloved husband of Hannah Scott,
HENRV J* GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan'ft Gallagher.) >
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mttf.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite TJlricoln School,
Telephone South 80.
1 1--1 1 »
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
BAN BRUNO HILLS.
,' . > OFFICE fiI6 MARKET STREET.
*J. HENDERSON. Manager.
' JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
1
27 «nd 29 Fifth St. Tel. South m 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. I I
niiest Equipment at MoJcratQ5S,l f»T 1
NEW FIRM OH UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel MeFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty,- with the same company for 18
years;- P. F. Green; late with J. c.' O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh l
and EtenfhY Telephone South 44.'.
r and father of Walter, Harriet, Francec, Her-
- bert, Alice and Georgie Scott, a native of
Guysborough, Nova Scotia, aged 51 years
and " months. . . . •
CFrlends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday) v at 9 o'clock, • from- his late-resi*
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
i from Eighteenth, and Colllngwood streets.
I No carriages. .
SHURTLEFF--ln Nevada .Cit?, Nevada County,
' Mrs. Hannah Shurtleff, beloved wife of C. A.
: Shurtleff, mother of- Verda, Thomas and
' Clyde Shurtleft, and sister of Mrs. W. H.
' Sexton and James, Mai-Kuerite; Lillian arkl
Thusa Skakean, a native of California.
SMITH— In Oakland, at 711 Clinton street
December 20, 1001, Adeil, wife of Daniel
Smith of Sari Francisco, and daughter oT
■ Mrs. N. J. Miller of E»st Oakland, a native
; of Indiana, aced 33 years 10 -months and 9
days.
! THOMAS^-In this city. December 29, 1001^
: Cecelia Thomas, a native of Jamaica, age-3
S6 years.-
.VEGHTE — In Troy, N. Y., Decembef 28, 1901.
Phoebe Veehte, mother ot John Vesrhte of
. San Franclaco, aged 84 years.
If AHMUTH— In Alaiheda, December 2$, 1901,
Henry, beloved husband of Lena, and father
of August. William H. and Lewis Wahmuth
and Mrs. Larder, a native of Lamstedt, Ger-
many, aged 73 years 5 months and 22 days.
[EyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 121S Broadway,. Alameda, thence to
I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Francisco, via the
12 o'clock creek boat. Please omit flowers.
WESSELS— In this city. December 28, 1901,
Jofeeph,- beloved husband of the Tat« Ellen
Wesaels, and father of Joseph Wesr.els- Jr,
«end the late Mrs. Fred Snlndler, a native
of Germany, aged 60 years 1 month and 9
days.
tCTFrlends and acouaintances are respect-
fully Invited "to attend the funeral to--morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from, the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, undertaker, 957 Mission
street, betweert Fiftl\ and Sixth,' where the
services will be held under the aus-
pices of Germania Lodge No. 1718, K. of H.
Interment Holy Cro«s Cemetery.
HOLIDAYS CAUSE
LIGHT BUSINESS
Money in Keen Demand
on the London Stock
Exchange,
LONDON, Dec. 29. — With two holidays
during the past week the total business of
the Stock Exchange was comparatively
small, but a cheerful tbne\preva$led.
Money was at times in keen demand,
but most of the large debt due the Bank
of England was renewed. Rates were
slightly lower for first-class paper.
Beyond speculative predictions matters
are resting rather quietly, awaiting the
turn of the ye&r, when it is believed, in
most quarters that the accumulation of
"ash at New York and Paris will induce
'.he Unlfed States and France to go into
Ahe London ,8tock Exchange with a view
to large investments purchases at the
present low :level of prices.
BERLIN, Bhec."29. — The Boerse hfere has
experienced an extremely quiet week, tha
monthly settlement passing smoothly. The
demand for money was the lightest for
years past at a December settlement, the
rates averaging V/i per cent lower than a
year ago. - :.*■-.
The market for fixed interest-bearing
funds continued to improve, the ohiet ac
tivity during the last week being found in
Chinese securities and Spanish 4's. The
latter were active upon orders from Paris.
Transactions in coal and iron shares
were extremely light, but values were
Well maintained until yesterday, when
the market weakened upon reports of the
unfavorable situation in the Coke trade.
Other industrials were firm, and the
shares of some machinery, chemical and
brewing concerns scored fair advances.
The financial reviews claim to see signs
of improvement in the situation. They
say the situation otf the Stock Exchange
is better than it was a year ago, inso
much as the bull engagements have been
liquidated since that tfme_and. securities
are now in stronger hands.
A report of the Hamburg Chamber of
Commerce, which has just been published;
expresses growing concern at American
competition and at the new German tariff
bill.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
. ,. .SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 2&r-5 p, m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last Thig Last
Stations — 2-1 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 16.13 20.68
Red Bluff 00 -9.66 8.81
Sacramento 00 5.98 6.78
San Francisco 00 5.50 7.22
Fresno., .00 2.17 6.43
Independence 00 1.34 2.31
San Luis Oblspo.. .00' 4.56 10.20
Los Angeles 00 2.45. 6.70
San Die^o 00 0.77 1.73
San Francisco data : Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 45; mean. 52. '
THE COAST RECORD.
K g Bf - O «» TJ
.. STATION.- 3 • 93 33 * a 2™ S
2- < S • a • S "
? • 3 :■ : . . 3 ?
Baker 30.56 30 20 NW Clear !oO
Astoria ......30.20 40 32 NE Clear .00
Carson 30.48 48 14 NE Pt Cldy .00
Eureka 80.16 54 40 NW Pt Cldy .00
Fresno ....... 30. 16 58 34 E Pt Cldy .00
Flagstaff 30i36 50 20 E Clear 00
Pocatello, Ida.30.66 38 14 S Clear 00
Independence .30.18 60 34 S Pt Cldy 00
Los Angeles. -30.06 76 44 E Cloudy 00
Phoenix 30.14 70 30 W Clear 00
Portland 30.24 38 30 NW Clear 00
Red Bluff 80.16 62 42 W Pt Cldy ,00
Roseburg ....30.24 34- 32 E Cloudy 00
Sacramento ..80.16 56 36 NE Cloudy *00
Salt Lake 30.60 34 22 NW Clear *00
San Franclsco.30.16 58 46 N Cloudy 00
S. L Oblspo. .30.08 70 34 E Cloudy 00
San Diego 30.06 70 50 .... Clear 'oo
Seattle 30.36 40 32 NW Cloudy 'oo
Spokane 30.48 38 24 .... Pt Cldy 00
Neah Bay ....30.32 44 40 B Cloudy 'oo
Walla Walla. .30.44 42 .30 SW Clear 'oo
Winnemucca .30.42 46 8 ' N Clear 00
Yuma .-.-.. 80. 12 68 38 NW Clear !oo
Temperature at 7 a. m., 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen, rapidly over the Pa
cific Slope and there appears to be a storm in
the ocean off the California coast. Cloudy and
threatening weather prevails over California
and along tha Washington and Oregon coast
Clear weather prevails over the Interior of the
country. ' '*
Thb temperature Is sllgntly above the nor
mal over, the Pacific Slope and there has been
but little change In the past twenty-four hours
Conditions are favorable for cloudy weather"
and probably showers In California Monday
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, endinir midnight, December 30 1901 :
Northern California — Cloudy; probably show
ers Monday; fresh to brisk southerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy; probably show
ers in north portion Monday; fresh southeast
wind,* . " :.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday; brisfc easterly
-wind. •
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy; proba
bly showers Monday ; fresh easterly wind
O. H. WILLSON,'
» Local Forecast Official.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
T D Dewey & w, Cal W W Bruse, Seattle
A N Spencer & f m, Cal O W Lowghen & w
W H Parker. Stockton Taeoma
M S Jones, New Tork W Williams & w, Sacto
Miss- P Murphy. N Y, C C Sabber, Chile
R Vallekel, NY T W Deighton, Carters
A B Black, Los Ang N E Samford, Chicago
E J O Boyle. Vallejo J C Straube,- Madera
H Cox. Stanford J R White, HobartMIs
B P Flint, Stanford E L Stetson. IXsMolnes
M H Hart, Stanford W H Cole, Leadvllle
P C Hadley, Petrolla . T Mackay, St Paul
T J Brown & w, Utah O B Hutsori, Chicago
C M E-yr. Montana J Keefer, Angels
W E Roberts." Denver Mrs W W Emery Cal
j; B button. Sacto W Harkey & w, Tuba
t Nielsen, Saeto Miss J Campbell, Yuba
: NEW WESTERN HOTEL. >
Mrs G Cunningham, ft Dornan, Manila -
San Rafael CD Lyons, Manila
H H Stephenson, Sao G»F Mortimer, Cal
H Baschilllon, Ogden D Kllligrew, Chicago
O Lone & iV Wash 9 C Cameron & w, Cal
J Mattison, TJ Orleans N Martin. Jackson-
M Harris. NY • A.Barr. N Y
C Lolstman. Benicla G McAuley, Vacavftle
A J Klant. Palo Alto H S Lockhart & w,
O jammerthal, Or . Santa Cruz
G-W Sheldon, Mich , R Parker & w, Sacto
E J Butcher,- S Jose J A Geer & w, NY
The "heart "wood" " of ' a tf^e Kas ceased
to i take any part In the .vegetative' ecdn*
omy . of ' the tree. Its only use la to
strengthen the trunk.
MUTUAL SYSTEM
OF PORT RULES
■ • ■ 1 1 -
Pan-American Congress
Oorisiders Matter of
- Tonnage Dues. ~
Sub-Oommittee Makes Siig
, gestions Intended to Pro
idaot© Oomnaeroa
CITY OF MEXICO, Ce<& 29— The com
mittee on water transportation of the in
ternatlon&,l American Conference tfrill pre
sent its report this week. "The recom
mendations suggested are those of Vol
hey W, Foster, the American member ot
the commission, and they will txe pre
sented to the domference in the fallowing
f6rm:
' First; — TKat so far as may be practicable all
port charges Upon ships be combined In one
charge to be eatletf tonnage dues and levied as
such, due consideration being given to e^ulta-.
ble adjustment of such dues upon ships in car
go and those in ballast.
Second-^-Tlrat eroSs tonnage of vessels b«
taken a.a a basis ,for the collection of ton
nag-'e dues, . - y
Third^That each of the repobllc* herd repre
sented be recommended to modify port aria har
bor regulations so that vessels entering and
clearing may do so with all possible dispatch
and that to assist in securing this result the re
spective countries shall encourage the building
of most modern discharging facilities.
Fourth — That for the . purpose of promoting
commerce and mutual intercourse, a uniform
system of maritime and customs administra
tion nomenclature be adopted which shall des
ignate in alphabetical order in equivalent terms
in English, Spanish, Portuguese and French,
the commodities upon which import duties are
levied, to be used by'aM the American re
publics for the levying of customs imposts
which are or may hereafter be established and
are also to b& used in shipping manifests, con
sular invoices, entries, clearance petitions and
other customs documents, but not t6 affect fn
any manner the right or each nation to levy
the Import duties they may now have in force
or which they; may hereafter establish. For
the purpose of obtaining and compiling official
information: and. making .recommendations to
their respective^ republics,' there shall be con
stituted a committee to be known as the "in
ternational transportation' commission. " Said
commission shall consist- of one member from
each of the signatory countries, who shall be
appointed by the republio which he represents.
Powers of Commission Are Advisory'.
The commission shall meet in the' city of
Washington one year from tKe date' of the
adoption of ,, these , recommendations "by the
majority of republics represented in this Con
ference. Bach republic shall pay the salary
and eipense of its commissioner and one com
missioner may represent more than one repub
lic. • The voting in the conferences held by th«
commissioners shall be by republics, each re
public represented to have one vote. The com
mission shall appoint a permanent executive
board of five members Which shall sit at Wash
ington with the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, or' in his absence or inabil
ity to attend, his appointee, as chairman ex
offlclo. T^he commissioners shall carefully
study the subsidy question as a means of en
couraging maritime commerce • and shair*f ully
advise themselves of the attitude of their re
spective republics' in this regard, to the erfd
that their conclusions may be practicable and
of a Character that will make their adoption
certain. The potters of the commission shall
be advisory only. It' shall be empowered fo
adopt such measures as will make practical artd
effectual the recommendations above set forth
and shall recommend to the respective govern
ment represented therein the adoption of such
measures as may be deemed by it -beneficial
to the promotion of water communication. The
executive committee shall carry into effect
recommendations made by the general com
mission. It shall collect, tabulate and publish
in the English, Spanish; Portuguese and French
languages such information concerning the
production, commerce and customs laws and
regulations Of their respective " countries as it
may deem best. The expenses of the executive
committee shall be paid by the respective coun
tries represented upon the same basis now . in
use by the Bureau of 'American Republics for
the support of said bureau. It Is recommended
that the Bureau of American Republics" be util
ized by the said commission in conducting Its
correspondence and In every other practicable
manner under the direction of the Secretary
Of the Treasury of the United States. .
Arbitration Scheme Balked.
A slight difficulty , has arisen in the mat
ter of arbitration. It had been arranged
that all delegations were to adhere to The
Hague convention, and > all nations In
favor of compulsory"., arbitration- were to
sign another treaty among themselves
embodying that principle. The latter
group say that they agreed to this ar
rangement as a compromise, but with the
distinct understanding that both plans
were to be presented to the conference.
Now It seems t'hat the United States
delegates and others who are in favor of
The Hagu& convention ' pure and simple
wish to exclude the compulsory plan- from
the conference, leaving those nations
which are in favor of it to sign It outside
and Independently of the conference. This
the compulsory party will by no' means
agree to, and two or three of them said
this evening that unless both plans are
presented thgy would refuse to sign the
arrangement ,fqr. joinirig The Hague con
vention- .-■*'-' • . -
The func'ticm at the Church of Our Lady
61 Guadalttpe this morning, at which the
]?an-American , delegates were present,
was one of the grandest and most Impos
ing religious . Ceremonies seen in Mexico
for some time. The Archbishop of Mex
ico officiated. ■ '■% ■;•■.
In the procession the delegates of all
the American nations took part, each car
rying his country's flag. Although Sen
ator Davis and the other members of the
United States delegation were. present and
took part In the procession, the United
States flag was carried in the procession
by General Frlsbie, an old-time American
resident • of Mexico.' ■ Afterward, In the
presence of the Archbishop, the flags were
laid in turn on the high altar, General
Triable depositing the American flag.
After the service the Archbishop held an
Informal reception and presented to each
delegate a commemorative silver medal.
QUESTION OF SUNSHINE
' IN OUR VARIOUS CITIES
From the known latitude of a station ft
is possible to calculate the number of
hours that the sun is above its horizon
during a year. The observations at the
various stations of tfte United States
Weather Bureau give the actual number
of sunlit hottrs. A comparison of the two
numbers gives the percentage of sunlit
hours at the station. From the last report
of the bureau (just published) the follow
ing- data are selected:
Albany, N. Y., 55 per cent of sunlit
nourS; Atlanta, Ga., 53 per cent; Atlantic
City, N. J., 58 per cent; Baltimore, Md.,
66 per cent; Boston, Mass., 52 per cent;
Buffalo, N. Y., 54 per cent: Charleston, S.
C, 55 per cent; Chicago, 111., 53 per cent;
Cincinnati, Ohio, 61 per cent; Cleveland,
Ohio, 44 per cent: Denver, Colo., 71 per
cent; Detroit, Mich, 50 per cent; Calves
t«n, Tex., 61 per cent; Indianapolis. Ind.,
49 per cent; Jacksonville, Fla., 67 per
cent; Key West. Fla., 71 per cent; Los
Angeles, Cal., 76 per cent; Minneapolis.
Minn., 52 per cent; New Orieans, La., .49
per cent; .New York, N.\Y., 52 per cent;
Phoenix, Ariz., 84 per cent; Philadelphia,
Pa., 58 p€f'cent; Rochester, N. Y., 41 per
cent; St. Louis, Mo., 62 per cent; San
Diego, Cal., 73 per cent; San Francisco,
Cal., 71 per cent; Santa Fe, N. M., 75 per
cent; Washington, D. C, 58 per cent.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
SEW YORE, SOUTHAMPTON, tO.f DQN, PAHI3,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m<
Zeeland ...... ..Jan. 8{St. Paul ... Jan. 2n
St. Ldnis ......Jan. 13 St. Louis ......Feb. 5
Philadelphia ...Jan. 22lPhiIadelphia ..Feb. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon. '
Zeeland ....... .Jan. 8 VaderTand . . . .Jan. 29
Frlesland ......Jan. 15 Kensington .Feb. r.
Southwark ... .-Jan. 22 Zeeland Feb. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
' CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery sf.
C0MPAONI2 GENERALS . TRANSATLANTIQDfi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Salling every Thursday, instead 01 jrofiVift
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, **&&**»
North River,' foot 6f Morton street. ■
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to .Havre, 945 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 33 Broadway (Hudson buildlne). New
York. J, F. FUGAZI & CO., Paclfle Cdasi
Agents. 6 Montgomery- avenue. 3an Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. '
. ' t
NUMBERS
—OF THE-
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
GityofMexieo.DeeembBP "?6. 19(31.
No. Prize. |No. Prize. INo. Prize.
242..... 40| 271;...; 40 285 2O
40»..... 4i)\ 490 40 t>5» 1W
729 40L 799 40 843...:. 40
8Td..n: 401 i000....r 100 1171 5<X>
125(T..«.j 100 1526 500 1583 200
1673 20 1879 40 1887 20
2006 40 2<m..... -itf) 2049...... 3O
2081 20 2224 40 2345 20
2553..... 20 2591 20 2722 2W
2732..,.-. . 40 3008.,*.* 100 301»..... p
aO99 20 3441 20 3550 20
3759. .;.. 40 £948...,. 40 4054..... 40
4105..... 500 41^0..... 20 4303..... 40
4309.1.,. 20 44O5 20 4594;.... 100
4672,.;;. 20 4736.;...- 20 47«4..i.. 40
4781..;.. 20 4062..... 20 5201;.... 600
5339... V. 20 5350,, ;.-. 100 5468 -*0
5071..,;. 40 5678:...; 1000 5680.,.*.- 20
5790.,... 100 6SK»..... 20 6226.;. ;. 4>
627». .-..'. 100 C298.../. 20 646S...;. 20
<>716....; 20 6777...... 2O 6053 4O
7040...., loo 7079..;.* 40 7320..... 20O
7483..;.. 2S0 75«7.,.«. 100 t742....i 20
7784. n.. 4<t
7953 . 20 S179..,.. 20 8306...;* 40
8360..... 40 8426...,. 20 8500. ,;.; id
8591.... * 20 8658:..;. 20 875d. ...* 100
87&3..;.. 40 «aa5 40 8837... i. 40
8916;.;.. 40 8820...;. 20 9261. i..d 20
930S....; 20 9439..-.:. 20 94S5.;... 40
9631...,. 40 9642....; lOQ BSOtf..... 40
0923..... 2010062..... 200 10068. .-..; 40
10126 2010150...;. 50010218 ; 40
1022$..;.* 100 10258..... 40 KttOU . . . . . 20
103a5...;. ,Z0 10367,,... 40 10575 2O
I0609.;.v. 20" 10667....* 2010668....; 20
10715.;.,. 20
10Y27....-; 40 10739....; 20 10899...... 40
11012.,..,- 20 11127.;... 40 11446..... 100
11478. ,.-..• 4011491....; 2011734,.... SJO
11787 20 118S5,..;. 20 11900. ;,.i 4O
11960...,. 2011974.,,., 2012282.;... 40
12286..-.;. 4012495...-.; 2012562...;. 40
12709",.;.. 20 12825...... 100 i2852....» 20
12900,.;.. 50013026 . 4013033....* 40
i»065 , 20 13068..... 2013120....; 10O
13.147. .-... 20 13259:.,.. -4O 13802..,.; 20
13819..:.. 40 13010.,... 40 13»42...,* 4O
13978...... 20 14012..^.; 20 14032...,. 40
14210...... 20-14309..... 40 14314..... 20
1480Y..../ 2014860..,.. 4015033..... 40
15130..;.; 20 15165..... 20 15362... i. 20
15626...., 20 15777. ...-. 20 158O2...., 20
15855.,... 20 16030..;.. 100 16085:..*. 20
16097...... 20 16185..... 40 16273 .'..;.- 40
16342...... 40 16431;.... 20 16474 500
16601.;./. 2016659,.... 2016736,.... 20
1*766...;.- 20
16789...... 20 1695C..,.; 40 16965 < 20
16973.;... 2017001...., 4017017..... 40
17164..;., 20 17261.,... 20 17324,..,. 1W)
17426;...; 20 17500..... 4O 17518...;. 20
17557. .i.i . 20 17563..... 40 17677..... 1(K)
17668. .-;;, 20 17704 20 17724... «.- 20
17830..;.; 40 17863..... 4017938..... 20
18173.;;.. 40 18.527. .... 2018473,...-. 2i>
18570.,... 2O18669V.,.;, 4018788....; 2©
18025 ..... 20 18826. .... 100 18987 . .... 4O
19069..... 1O0 19079. ;... 4019225...,* 100
19534..... 2019624.;..; 40 19629..... 40
19738..... 10019816...,. 10019861..... 200
19965,.... 20
19987..-.;, 40 19S88. 40 20008;.,., 1<$U
20020.;... 2020097..... 2020131..... 20
20390...., 20 20425 . 40 20435 40
20788..... 100 20901.;... 20 20Q6«, .... 20
21366...;. 20 21396.,... 20 21405:.... 40
21446..... 2021465..:.. 2021580...;. 100
21599..... ,2021641....; 40 2J7S4..... 40
21789.*;.. 40 21945., .<;; 20 22032..... 20
22086 100 22169 2022234..... 30
22.335 ,100 22386 20 22440"..... 4O
22333..... 20 22633 20 22747..... 40
22871 20 22932.'...., 100 22943..,;; 40
229-16..... 40 23048....; 20 23336/....; 20
23373 20 23389.,... 20 23605 30
23734...,. 2023923..... 20 23925 20
24034V..;.- 40 24207 20 24258 100
24320..... 40 24423....." 40 24439 1000
34475 20 24490..,.. 40 24612 100
24660 40 24827 100 24892 20
241)31-^.. _ .40,24954.,... 20 24983 40
25115 40125133 40 1 25l34 26
25137 20 25156..... 20 25208.- 20
25234. .... 20 25334. . . . . 2O|25785 100
25864 20 26068 40(26089 20
26239...... 20 26394...,; 40 2C505 40
26510...,. 100 26539.,,,. 1000 26643..:.. 20
26720 20 20705..,.. 20 26810 40
27059..... 20 27084..... 2027285..... 20
27680..,., 4027719..... 2027745,..., 40
27794...... 20 27875..... 2O 28020 ; 40
2SO55...,. 402S090..,,. 2028127..... 40
28169 20 28235 20 28265 100
«271...,. 4028480 20 288»2.. .. . 20
28866. .... 40 28974..... 20 29134 ♦ 40
29142 100 29146 20 29202 « 20
292(19 2029219 402928O...,. 20
29281 40J29324 40 29357.;... 20
30075.,,.; 20 30179...;. 20 30237,,... 20
30271..,.. 2030327...,. 2030416..... 100
3O703 . 20 30735.,... 20 307C8..... 20
30S46 40 31114 . 40 31451 2O
31504..... 20310C2 4031670..,.. 20
31727...... 4031744..,.. 2031876..... 40
31917..... 4032092 20 32138...... 40
32499 2032563 40 32580 100
3259.', 40132651..... 100J32657. ... . 100
32705 20132721 20 32795..... 20
32834...., 20 32960..... ' 40 33002 20
33009 .20 3324.1-.-,;. 2033279..,.. 20
33519 20 3356fir..«.. 200 33654,.... 20
33661 20 33748. 20 33776 40
33S09 20 33813 , 40 33821..... , 40
33S25....: 40 33894 2033917..... 100
34037..... 100 34145 20J34428. . . . . 40
34642...,. 20134654..,.. 20J3466O, , . ; . 20
34782..... 100134888...., 20 35032 1 .,.,. 100
35061..... 20135173 2035421..,.; 20
35617 . 20 .'55707.-... . 20J35709..... 20
35S05.,... 4030112. ,.,. 4036312...,. 20
36464 20)36552,. ... 20 3656O.,.,. 40
36570 , 20 36580..... 20 3C656 ,' 20
36704..... 20136840...,. 20 36S70 100
36035..... 4OPf6950 100 37029 20
37215 4037222 4037238.,... 20
37302..... 20 37468 .- 4037670..... 20
37690..,.* 20 37969,.... 20 37979..,.. 20
38103..,.. 40 38133..... 40 38271.,.,. 20
38279 20 38437 20 38605..... 20
38781..... 1000 38921...., 20 38939 40
38979 40 38992 100 39084..*.. 40
39179 . 20 39350 60000139499..,.. 20
S9081T.... 20 39S50 20 39924...;. <>0
39949..... 2039970..^., 204010S.,... 40
40109:...* 40 40144..,;. 20 40292..... 40
40344..,,. 40 40505.,.,. 20 40529 40
40556 2040583..... 10040584....* 20
40607 200 40732. 40 40877....* 2«
41112. 2041127 100041348 200
41590 10041734 20 41908 100
41941....* 100 42103 20 42137 200
42194 40 42227 20 42389....; 20
42542..... 20 42622 20 42694..... 20
42773 4042784. 20 43050 20
43097 10043352..,.. 2042431..,.. 20
43434 20 43501.....' 20 43532..... 20
43627..... 40 43749..... 100 43934..,.. 20
43946..... 40144001.,... 4044041..*.. 20
44190 20144218 100 44258.. ».. 20
44495. 4044554..,.. 40 44621 20
446CS./... 20 44632 20 44853 * 100
44921 2045054 100 45197 20
45440 20 45529 20145607..,.. 200
45675 20 45754 100 457ft 40
45819..,.. 2045S28 40145832 20
459.J9 200 46018 2014604$ 40
4005«..... 20 46097..... 20O!46f2.1 40
461S5 "40 46229 20J46304 40
4(5323. „.. 20 46398 20 46524'..... 20
46581..... 20 46721 . 40 46976..... 20
47036 100147111 40 47273 30
47308 100 47373 20000147389..... 40
47449 20 47521 40147587..... 20
47608 100 47710 20147746 20
4S133 20 48237 100148266 20
48361..... 20 48362 . 20148386 . 20
4S403.,... 40 48420....'. 20:48311 20
48574..... 100 48608 20I48S28. .... 20
4SS8S -.20 48912..... 20'4.SS18.... . 40
49005 20'49037..... 20f49084 20
49199 200149477 100149591 . 100
49720: 20 49841...... - 40149943 40
4994S 200 50019 4050081 40
50229..... 100 50266 20150314. l ...-. 40
50425 20150519 20150747 20
50S01 20I5001B 20150971 20
51004..... 40151141..,.. 20151195..... 40
51233 2051295-,... 20151304 ICO
51311 20151359 40151505 20
51584 20I51610.V. . . 40151624 20
51744 100151750 40151951 20
5215S 40*52245 40152405 20
52408 20Oj524t7. 40152613 40
52fi»;i 40152089 . 40'52ttX>... 20
53159..;.. 40 53210 40153235 20
53402. V... 100(53422 40I5.-W32. . : . . 2G0
53493 100153623..... 20! 53935..... 40
51177"..... 20!54403 20154434 20
54553 20!545TK* 2O'5I5TK> . 20
54C00 4O|54C56 20154903 1OO
r.504l...,. 20 RolflO , R00!5»242.,... - 20
!>r>251.... . 20*55256 100155482..... 20
55561 40:55501 20155667 ' 40
557S« 20155833 1 00156013..... 1(X>
50047..... 20I500&5..,.. 100156170..... 200
56082 20!5<iS51 2OI5«»17. ,.. . 40
r.t;931 4OI5fiO42. . . : . 2001570741...,. 40
57077...... 2O15710S 10O1571H1. . .,. 2©
57324..... 20157401. 40157549..... 20
57093 20T.77S1 20|."954..... 20
fiSOBI 20I5S14.S..,.. 2O!5*I9R...;, 40
58415..... 20158441 2O'5S560". .,.* 40
5Sfi34».,.. 4O15S777..... 20i5880tt...,, »»
:WsS51 . . . . . 10OIBSO23..,.. 2OI58975 , 10O
r>0O.TT..,.. . 2OIKW25, 40159.153.,,,. 20
59466..... 2OI594fi»..... 20159515...,, 40
r.9531..... 40159621, 40159704...., ICO
597?9 20)59910..,.. 40160.11.1..... 20
6aT30 4» ! 6033t..... • 40I6O41O..... 40
60437....; 40160442 40160484 , 2ft
SOfiCtt.. ... 2O!flOK5t 20IB0942 lOO
6IC11..... 20!«1037...,. 4O1filO77...,* 40
61089 . 100161175 20|6118». . ,. . . 20
f.1430..... 40161440 20!«1472.,... m
61504...,. 2OIR15S5..... 20 6179T, 40
62198 2OI623SS 40 62418....,- dtt
62451.,... 40!«2r>57 2n!e2«7fiO. . ... 40
«2R«7 20Ot*2Rn2 2O1fi2RO0., ... lof>
(52S93 40f629m..,.. 401fi3003. , 9n
K3O17.,... 20!fi3T47.,... TOIRtlSO.. /. . 20
(V5278 20163321 20!(B35O.,.,. 20
63424.' 20I63WR 40163622,.. . 20
63645..... 40163833, 100'reB>C5. A
64121 " 20164237 2OiCinrt4.. ' on
«4S74 40i«450fV. .?», 4O<«4ft2n, -"" -2O»T
B4Cr>4..... ?O!«46R6 4m*WS5O. . fftO
64949..... 20165254 20!<WVfcK» \k
€5347..... IftO!fi54te 100I65SA7..'" on
65528..... 40IR55.11 2flor8.V«fifl, " ift
BB«44 . 20IR5674 . WtfWWl.,." j(>
65777..... , lftOl«!Wffl»..,.. JOIfiBBSO..,".* «>
6«tJK)..... 40IR«217 2O'fif!23O " in
fi»%231 , 2OI«P.">O2..,.. »OtfiB«ra""" . ■ 5J
6R920 2nffilWCvl . 4TlR«Wrt *>n
B7160 Z0'«727R 10O'«57197 " o<>
07578 WIB7KT5.;... 4«'«771,s"""
67»5«.,... : 20!fiWi»t..... ' 20!f«80ft4 oa
68113..... 2O!«U2»,.... 40!»!»VW> .''. o*
08433 2OWWWT7. :.-.-, 4O l fiSirt13 ."* 2f»
6882ft...... 4rt'fi«85t...,. 2ftl«WSf>,./" 40
690R7..... 7OI6G116 20 ! ««203,..., 2I>
69233.,... 40lfi»24f>,.... 100IP0.1M.., , 40
695.11. ....' '4n|fifl6S.1..... 20!«wrnS. JWT
69337..... 401690S2 20170215 20
No Prtxe.ljfd.' Prize. [No. Prise.
»'± BBSS -:• ; JfesE:: 3
i^5i" 9O70Sd0 2O|7"»O4 ■«>
H£§ 8ffl&. : ; Sfe:::: g
72JVJ3 20I730«7..... 100 U. 0. i ICO
' Tir.si lOO'TSlfiS) 20 «-?2tQ. .... . , *"
,3081..... J$ji^ . 40|7;?«25 3({
HI |S?::::: IS::::: 8
lilll
£&] lisas- r»S^ I
if iii Pill
5S::::: SjIPS::::: 5S|i&S!:;::: IS
APPROXIMATION' PRIZES.
KK) numbers from $9,300 to teAW.lnclusU*.
being 50 numbers 6ft each side of tlw number
drawing the capital prlJie of W-gPr^P- «_
100 nnftib«ra fronl 47,325 to «.42o; Jnclusive,
being 50 numbers on each n °^ t I^ mbeT
drawing the capital prize, of * 20 - 0^- 1 |4 ?L < ,. v .
100 numbers from 24.3S9 to 24.489 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side °*i ne " umMT
drawing the capital prize of $lO.0O0^-$2O.
TEftMTNALr PRIZES.
709 numbers ending with SO, being:. the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
Pr 799 Climbers endiri'g with 73. belri* the last
two figure? of the number drawing the capiSal
prl2<* of $20.600 — $20.
No. 30,350 draws first capital prise. of $60,
000 sold in Davenport. Iowa. No. 47,37o draws
second capital prize- of $20,000. sold in San
Afttonht Tex.: St. Louis. Mo.: New Tork. >.^
T- Chicago 111. No. 24,439 draws third capi
tal prize of #10.000. sold in New Orleans. La. J
Greenville. Miss. Nos. 6678. 26,5.39. MTUj
41,127 and 78,508 draw each $1000. sold in
Dallas. Texas; Chicago, 111.; Birmingham, Ala.;
Granada, Nicaragua; Havana, Cuba; New Or
l#an*. La.; Houston, Texas; MerWa, Tueatan;
St. Ltrtiis, Mo.; Plaihvllle*. Ala.; San Antonio.
Texas, DR. GHKGOHIO ORV1B.
For the Treasury Department.
V BASSETTI,
Manager, per E. Betthfer, Acting Manager.
, APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
; i j^ Steamers leave Broadway
Of^^ Wharf. San Francisco:
: igSPr**.. For Alaskan ports — 11 a.
RgSpik... m., Jan. 1. 6, 11, If?, 21. 26.
: Eir&SfcftiSi 31. Fib. 5- Change to com-
: *i»«a«J pany's steamers at Seattle.
! miliraJJttvi For VIctoTla. Vancouver (B.
: <?.y. Port Towhsend. SeftttW*.
**■ Taeoma, Everett and Netr
"**Hl Whateorri (Wash.)-^1J a. to..
Jan. 1,- «. JOS. 21. 28. 31, F*b. 5. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamer* for
Alaska end <3< ST.- Ry. ; at Seattle ot T*coma
; for N. P. Ry. } at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
I For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — l:3O p. nw,
Jan, 2, 7. \% 17. 22, 27. Feb. I.
For San Piego, stopping only at Sants Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Bedondo (Lo* An-
geieaV^-Steamer Santa Rosa, Sunday*. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of CaJ.. Wednesdays 0 a. m.
'■ I For Los Angeles, callirig at Santa Cms.
! lldntereTr **n Simeon Cayucos, Port Harford
1 (Sail LUIS ObfapoJ, (Gaviota, Bonita onty>,
Santa Barbara". Ventura, Huenem?. East Sa«
Pedro, 9aft Pedro (Newport, Bonifa only*.
For Ersenada, Magd*afen» Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan; Altata. L» Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a, nt., 7th of each
For furhier information obtain fM edrfi-
pawy'9 foHery.
Th£ company reserves the rtght to change
: steamers, railing dstys ana hours of sailing
without previous not fee.
TICKET OFFICE — i New Montgomery
otreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
I . 1» Market st., San Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
1 ■ ■ ■ ■ - » ■
Ports in Mexico.
A delightful Winter Trip. Only $60,* includ-
ing Meals and Berth. Pacific* Coast Steamship
Company's Steamef Curacao, sailing frtfflr Salt
Francisco January 7th. due back January 27th,
writ call at the following Mexican ports: En-
senada. Magdaiena Bay. San Jose del Cabo.
Mazatlan, Altafa, La Faz, Santa Rosalia and
Guaymas.
For further particulars Inquire at Ticftet
Office, No. 4 New Montgomery St., or No. 14
Market St.. Son Francisco.
o. #?. & /v. ca
Only St««.m«l>ip Xjlao «a>
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland fo all
points East. Through Tickets to alt
points, alt rait or steamship and rail, at
ZiOWxisT x«u».onEts.
gTSAJSZS TICKETS IKCLDDS BSKTH.nd 3II1L3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 24. Jan. 3, 13. 23
SS. QEO. W. ELDER *.„
.............. Sails Dec. 29, Jan. 8, 13, 2S
Steamer tails from foot of Spear st.. It a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Mdntg*y.S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS Wttli LEAVE WHARF. COft-
per First and Brannan fttreeU. at t p. nt.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, eatllng ai
Kobe tHIoxo}, Nagasaki and , BbftngnaJ- aixfc,
connecting at Honzkonir with steamer* tat
India, etc No cargo received on board on
day of sailinr.
'feS. AMERICA MARX7
fe 1903
■>. *.•.<. Tuesday, February 23th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratss. Fur
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TO LOS ANGELES.
FiPSt-CIaSs $7.50.
Steerage $5.50.
S S CHARLES NELSON, sails Jan. 2. 1902
Tickets at
UNION TICKET OFFICE,
630 Market St.. S. T.
oeeanfcs.s.co, !SSf
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. .............
SS. ALAME'DA.'for'Honoiufu 1 '..'..!?;.^ 11 " °*
Saturday, Jaw. 4. '02 2 v m
PANAMA R, R,'K ?
to new mi m.'tmtx msEsr.
Cabin. HOS; Steerage. $40; XTeal* Free.
5. S. Argyll > nii» Tuesday, tlan. 21
6. S» Lee tan aw enils Monday . FeJ> 3
8. 6. Argyll roil* Monday. tf.at. 3
From HoWMd-atrert wharf at t p. m.
PACIFIC STEAM SAVIBATIDH CO.
And Gia Slid Americana de Vapora;
To Valparaiso; stopptng at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
£.rd H, pier 10, 12 nv
SANTIAGO. . . ". ; Jan. 8;PERU ,..„
LOA r
These steamers ar« built expressly for Cen-
tral and South. . American paroenser service
tNo change .at-Ztcapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. Slfl California street.
BALFOtK. OUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. ,
BAY AND EIVER STEAMERS*
StafflsnGBS. FftI33£i o; railCELL)
a :43 o a * ?•' S: P * nd 8:30 *' m - «ceDt Sun-
»?J?i*t '„»•-«»■. 12 :Ud noon, 8 pv m.. excepr
Sunday. Sunday, » a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare SO
eeat*. TeleDhone Slain 130S, Landin* aM
offlce. pier 2, Mission-street tfock. HATCH
BROS. »
910
FOOTPADS MAKE
POLICE HUSTLE
W. H. Hanson, Lumber
man, Is Held Up on ,
Geary Street.
Three Other Men Bobbed in
Different Parts of the
City.
Footpads kept the police busy early yes
terday morning. Three were captured and
booked on a charge of robbery and one
arrested and is being held on suspicion.
About 1 o'clock Evan Egnashen of the
British ship Glaucus was returning to the
vessel at the foot of Howard street, ac
companied by George Peterson, a friend,
who lives at 129 Perry street. They turned
from Fourth street into Natoma, and
•while walking in the direction of Third
street they were stopped by a gang of
xnen. One- of them grabbed Egnashen's
silver watch and chain and ran. Peter
son caught one of them and Policemen
Flynn, Cooney. Cassldy and Hering
caught two others. They were taken to
the City Prison and booked fcr robbery.
Their names are Harry Berman, Harry
Cook and John Condon. The watch and
chain were not recovered.
\V. H. Hanson, lumber dealer, 300 Cali
fornia street, was attacked by three men
on Geary street, between Stockton and
Pow3ll, shortly after 4 o'clock. He
was knocked down and robbed of a
purse containing $150 and a gold
watch valued at 5100. He was un
able to give any description of the rob
bers. Later Policemen Harrigan, Sylves
ter and Collins arrested Albin Petersen on
suspicion of being one of the robbers. He
was seen by B. F. Walters Jr. of S33 Geary
street following Hanson along Geary
Etreet.'and after the robbery Walters and
George Harris, who also lives at 333
Geary, saw Petersen leave that vicinity
and walk down Powell street. He will be
detained in the "tanks" pending further
investigation. \ ■ " / •■•
Charles Lindgrand, a marine fireman
living at the Metropole, on Clay street,
claims he was attacked about 6 o'clock by
five men on Third street, between Market
and Mission. He was knocked down and
kicked on the head and face and $2 75
taken out of his pockets. He went to the
Emergency Hospital and had a wound on
his scalp and abrasions and contusions on
his face attended to. The police were then
notified. As Lindgrand drove a team
during the strike it is thought that had
something to do with the attack upon
him.
Shortly before 3 o'clock Policeman Bun
ner saw Charles Sales, a colored youth,
going through the pockets of a man lying
on the sidewalk on the north side of
Washington street, near Kearny. Sales
ran as soon as he observed Bunner, who
gave chase and at Montgomery avenue
and Pacific street Sales ran into the arms
of Policeman Skain. He was taken to the
City Prison and booked on a charge of
attempt to commit grand larceny. The
man he was trying to rob was Michael
Sanford, 732 Washington street, who was
booked on a charge of "drunk."
STABBED THBEE TIMES
, DUBING SALOON BOW
Edward. Connolly the Victim of an
Unknown Man With a
Knife.
During a general fight in R. Shannon's
saloon, Seventh and Folsom streets, be
tween 2 and 3 o'clock yesterday morning,
Edward Connolly of 1124 Folsom street
was cut with a knife on the back, left
shoulder and left breast. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where his wounds
were stitched and dressed. They are not
dangerous.
Connolly was drinking with William Mc-
Donald of 124 Langton street and another
friend when a row was started and every
man was soon using his fists to the best
advantage. The barkeeper drove them all
out of the saloon and it was then that
Connolly was cut. He says he knows the
man who used the knife on him, but does
not know his name. The police are mak
ing an investigation into the case.
Scottish Hogmanay Ball.
Xative Sons' Hall will receive its final
decorative touch to-day and to-morrow In
the preparations for the San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Club's twentieth anniver
sary hogmanay supper and ball, which
will come off on Tuesday night. The com
mittee having in hand the arrangements
has made ample provisions for the large
crowd which is expected on this occasion
Heretofore the club confined the hog
manay supper and ball to the members
and their families, but this year It was
decided to give the general public an op
portunity to enjoy one night with the
clans from the land of heath and heathtr
\\ ith an elaborate programme of dances
and a supper thrown in it is expected
that the hall will be crowded. The grand
inarch is announced for 8 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i lI Ik i n>l Fill
110 Fourth Street
One Block from Market
Tel. Black 1121,
Happy NwYearSSS
friends. I hope to still further
merit your confidence in the
coming year by doing all I say.
SPECIAL PRICES FOR THIS WEEK
HAMS— Eastern sugar-cured, per lb
li^c
The success of this sale last week
was unprecedented.
BUTTER— Best creamery, per sq. 40c
Why pay 50c for the same else-
where? Good fresh butter .30c sq.
COFFEE — Fresh roasted, per lb 15c
Ground while you wait
DRY GRANULATED SUGAR.
21 lbs '. $1.00
STRING BEANS— New Eastern.
reg. ioc can. per doz. OOc
TOMATOES— Cutting's Solid pack
—per doz 90c
HONEY— Water white comb 10c
COCOANUT— Baker's, per pkjr..,.r>c
rez- ioc.
CORN STARCH— Per pic* 5c
TABLE FRUIT— Peaches; Pears.
Apricots. Per can 10c
CATSUP — Snider's large bot 7T2Oc
MINCEMEAT-3 pkgs 25c
FRENCH PRUNES-6 lbs. ..... .25c
JAMS — Home-made, 16-oz. jar. ...15c
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
NOTICE!
Mayerle'e Superior Quality
,^jgK3£e33Vv Eyeglasses, which are the
'*»3»*«5£f&kT! only ones indorsed by the
/jfciPhSc*' highest U. S. Army, Navy
*/yfj#3c and Government officials,
can be had only of George
Mayerle. at 1071 >4 Market st., near 7th, San
jTrancisco. Mr. George Mayerle has no Branch
offices, nor does he employ traveling- opticians
to represent him. . Telephone South 672. Ger-
man Eyewater, 60c.
AUTHORS EXPECT TO MAKE A HIT
WITH "THE KNICKERBOCKER DAMES"
Mrs. .Lovell White and Mrs. Ella Sexton Collaborate in Preparing
Satire on Eastern Fad for Unearthing Distinguished Ancestry,
Which Will Be Presented Before ; California Glub by Members
BY SALLY SHARP.
OTHAT all the men who ever
said women had no sense of
humor could be guests of the
California Club on founders' day
and take in the delicious satire
in "The Knickerbocker Dames," a one-act
play, written by two women and intept
preted by ten more^all members of -the
club.
To hear women satirizing themselves
with subtlety and shading that show un
derstanding of their own fair sex is some
thing rare. I stole in at one of their re
hearsals and know whereof I speak.
I predict that there will be an enthusias
tic patting together of white gloves to
morrow afternoon when the play is pre
sented.
The plot for "The Knickerbocker
Dames" was conceived bv Mrs. Lovell
White, president of the California Club,
when she went to Washington last time
with Mrs. A. D. Sharon in the interest of
the bill before Congress for preserving the
Big Trees. At that time that tremendous
ly exclusive order— "Daughters of the
Revolution"— was having its annual con
vention in Washington and Mrs. White
looked in. Unfortunately at every ses
sion Mrs. White attended the aristocratic
ladies were having their ultra-aristocratic
feelings hurt in one way or another. For
example: A daughter of some well-known
forefather with a prominent jawbone, but
■without credentials, would have trouble in
making her presence felt because she was
not of a sufficiently prognathic appear
ance to convince certain others of her re
lationship. Those fortunate enough to be
related on the illustrious father's side
were admired and pronounced "lineage"
descendants, while those from the
mother's side of the house were patron
ized and termed "merely collaterals."
Much "weeding out" was attempted at
these sessions for the protection of the
truly eligibles and the result was that
words were spoken feelingly now and
then.
This was Mrs. White's inspiration. Upon
returning to 6an Francisco she communi
cated her plan to Mrs. Ella M. Sexton.
They worked out the situations and Mrs.
Sexton took the writing in hand, turning
out a. clever litle play. Mrs. Sexton also
takes an important part.
"The Knickerbocker Dames" is a soci
ety of aristocratic ladies of New York
whose only purpose is to find out and
perpetuate the valorous deeds of their
forefathers and to trace their own lln-
THIEVES BREAK
A WOMAN'S JAW
Aged Mrs. Foote Is the
Victim of Brutal :
Criminals.
Mrs. N. J. Foote, an aged woman, was
brutally assaulted and robbed by an un
known man and woman in her room in
the Elysium. 566 Geary street, early yes
terday morning.
The thieves secured a valuable pearl
necklace, a gold watch and chain and
$400 in greenbacks. . . . . .
According to the story told' by Mrs.
Foote, who arrived here only a short time
ago from China, she was walking, along'
Market street on Saturday night when
she was accosted by a well dressed young
woman, who engaged her in conversation.
At the solicitation of the stranger, so Mrs.
Foote says, she accompanied ! her to the
Hoffman Cafe at Second and Market
streets, where they had several drinks.
After leaving the cafe the two women
walked up Market street and when near
Lotta fountain Mrs. Foote s companion
called a young man whom she claimed
was her brother. After being Introduced
to Mrs. Foote the man proposed that
they take a hack drive to the Cliff. As
Mrs. Foote had no objection, the trio
hailed a passing hack and ordered the
driver to take them to the park. When
about a block from the park the man
complained about feeling ill, and at the
suggestion of his supposed sister the
driver was ordered to turn back. On the
return trip the trio had several drinks, all
of which were paid for by Mrs. Foote.
Shortly before 2 o'clock in the morning
the trio brought up at the Elysium, and
as the elevator was not running Mrs.
Foote's new found friends consented to
assist her to her apartments. After reach
ing her room, Mrs. Foote says, the man
struck her on the face with his clenched
fist, breaking her jaw. As she fell pros
trate the woman who accompanied her
grabbed her purse containing her green
backs and jewelry. The man and woman
then ran down the stairs and disappeared.
Mrs. Foote's screams attracted the at
tention of one of the employes of the
house, who, upon going to her room,
found her lying on the floor. She was
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 30, 190JL
MRS. LOVELL. WHITE AND MRS. ELLA M .. SEXTON.' WHO HAVE
COLLABORATED ON A SKETCH WHICH WILL BE PRESENTED BE
FORE THE CALIFORNIA CLUB BY MEMBERS. .- ■
eage and family trees. Most of us would
rather do society.
*,.* .* ? •■ '.'."'
Miss Edith Huntington gavea delight
ful tea at her home yesterday. .Most of
the gallant officers from the Presidio were
in evidence among the gentleipen. The
house was done in roses. 'Miss Hunting
ton has a way of picking. out the loveliest
buds to assist her in receiving. This time
she had the Misses McClung 1 ; Messie and
Ardella Mills and Kathryn. Robinson, and
it is needless to say that these girls
looked their fluffiest, except perhaps
Gladys McClung, ' who • wore , a simple
white taffeta trimmed with tucks and
folds, which suited her perfectly. -Miss
Huntington looked a picture in her soft
white organdie with rows upon rows of
thin insertion and lace. ,
Kathryn Robinson was more than cap
tivating In her gorgeous gown of pink
Dresden silk, embroidered in.- rosebuds.
The berthe of accordion-pleated pink
chiffon was decidedly Parisian. The bod
ice had a square neck effect with a trans-
unable to speak on acount of the broken
jaw, but made the employe understand
that she had been assaulted and robbed:
The matter wasat once reported to Police
Officer George Collins, who made' a search
for the .man and woman, but without suc
cess. Last evening- Detectives Dinan and
Wren were detailed on the case by Cap
tain Seymour. They,;, held a brief intern
view with Mrs. Foote, but on account of
her condition she was unable, to give
them a clear statement of . the robbery.
The unfortunate woman will be sent to
St. Luke's Hospital to-day to be treated
for the broken jaw,
Mrs. Foote describes the woman who
assisted in the robbery as being tall, of
stout build and becomingly V'dressed in
black. -Her alleged brother was- about 30
years of age, was clean shaven and
weighed about 160 pounds.
i Mrs. Foote says she will be able to iden
tify her assailants in the event they are
arrested. ,,
UNUSUAL NUMBER OF
DRIVEES IN THE PARK
Unsprinkled ' Roads and Clouds of
; Dust Bring, Discomfort to Many .
Pleasure Seekers.
The park and beach attracted an unu
sually large throng yesterday, and al
though the north wind had a 'touch of
snappy cold as it blew down the beach
and across the park, roads, the . drivers,
riders and pedestrians were out in force.
No accident of any kind marred the
pleasure of the crowds of people, but an
act of neglect on the part of the Park
Commissioners brought discomfort to the
drivers and riders. The wind was. light
but the dust was so thick and annoying
that the clothes of- those In buggies and
on horseback were damaged. Women who
usually wear their furs and light-colored
coats when driving, returned from their
outing with discolored robes and sore
hearts, r. A sprinkling of the roads would
have been a prevention of the discomfort
arising from the dust.
Model Bottling "Works.
To accommodate the ever increasing de
mand for their famous products the An
heuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n, /St. Louis,
Mo., now have In course of construction
an immense bottling establishment.:
A handsome structure covering an area
of 700 by 400 feet (about four, city blocks;,
equipped with the best and most modern
machinery," will be when ready for opera
tion the largest and most complete bot
tling works in the world, the "BUD
WEISER" department alone having a ca
pacity of a million bottles a day. " .- •
" The first sugar manufactured in \ this
I country was made In New Orleans in 1796.'
parent yoke of chiffon. She wore in her
hair a pink silk orchid, spangled with
gold. The orchid had a soft velvet cen
ter and was very effective.
Speaking of Kathryn Robinson, was
there ever a debutante more charmingly
original! She is quite naive and impul
sive as a schoolgirl
Second to the delight of wondering
what a girl is going to do next is the
speculation as to ' how she will look.
Kathryn Robinson has a deadly array
of stunning gowns this season. That
white gown of white satin striped Manila
cloth she wore at the Presidio hop Fri
day night was a poem. The berthe out
lining the low-necked bodice was of real
lace and a very dainty affair. Pale blue
\ elvet forget-me-nots were the only gar-
niture, excepting the ,' large pale blue
spangled pompon in i her hair.
• ■' • .'•'.'
The girls are wondering. ; all sorts of
things • about Mr. Allen Wallace of New
.York,.. who is to spend' the. winter here.
Perhaps the fact that he is a. grandson of
a-Vanderbilt and a cousin of-Consuelo, the
Duchess of Marlborough. renders him
doUbly'intereStlng.' That~dinner he gave
at the' Bohemian ub on Christmas eve
for his friend, Emil Bruguiere, is proof
positive that he knows: how they do things
in New York and wants to improve upon
them. The decorations were beyond de
scription.' The walls were completely cov
ered with pine-trees- and boughs. A bam
boo roof of trellis. work hanging over the
table was completely covered with Christ
mas berries and mistletoe. The decora
tions were done by the host's friend,
Francis McComas, and were for the most
part original, but. were similar to those at
the ten-thousand-dollar dinner lately
given in New York at Delmonico's by
George Heye.
DEATH CLAIMS
AGED PIONEER
Passing From This Life
of Edward Camp
bell Palmer.
Edward Campbell Palmer, a well-known
resident of San Francisco, died at the res
idence of his son, Samuel D. Palmer, 726
California street, yesterday afternoon.
Mr. Palmer was born ' on December 23,
1828, and at the age of 2 years was taken
by his parents to South America, , his
father. Joseph Palmer, having been, ap
pointed United States Consul to Buenos
Ayres by President . Buchanan. In 1851
Edward Palmer returned to the United
States determined to cast his lot with the
early settlers of San Francisco. Soon af
ter his arrival he was made a United
States Deputy Marshal and from that
position was elected secretary to the
State Senate at Sacramento.
Subsequently he was appointed superin
tendent of the mailing division of the San
Francisco postofflce, whicM position ..he
held- for- twenty-eight years. Twelve
years ago he retired from active life. Mr
Palmer was a member of Mount Moriali
Lodge of Free Masons and for years had
been an honorary member of * the Bo
hemian Club.
War Veterans Appeal to Roosevelt.
The Association of the Veterans of the
Civil War met Saturday evening and de
cided . to postpone the election of officers
for McKInley post until after the holi
days. On the occasion of the installation
of officers a grand campflre will be held.
A communication was ordered sent to
President Roosevelt calling his attention
to the discrimination shown against Re
publican veterans of-the war. by Federal
officials. in various parts of the country
and requesting him to take some action
to protect the interests of the soldiers who
fought for the nation, many of whom are
now in Indigent circumstances and in
need of Federal employment..
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. Wo flask. Richard & Co. 40« Clajr. •
ADMIRERS PAY
WARM TRIBUTE
Solemn Services Held
in Memory of J. J.
Valentine.
Character of Late Eanker
Held Up as Worthy of
Emulation.
The services in memory of the late John
J. Valentine attracted a large audience to
the auditorium of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association yesterday . afternoon.
Among those who attended were many
employes of" Wells, Fargo & Co., all of
whom had known the deceased president
and had learned to love him for his uni
form kindness to those with whom he
came in contact as man and official. On
the platform were seated the officials of
the association, the clergy and others.
' The meeting was opened by Rolla V.
Watt, president of the .association, who
announced the hymn. Prayer was offered
by the Rev. William C- Shaw, rector of
the Church of the Advent, . East Oak
land, of which congregation the deceased
banker was a member. The association
quartet then sang a selection, "Crossing
the Bar." Rev. fi. E. Baker delivered an
address on the subject "Man of Men— a
Study of Character." He said in part:
The Young Men's Christian Association
stands for the formation of character. It was
because of his Christian training that Mr. Val
entine formed a character which he has left to
us as a priceless legacy. Holmes tells us that
a man is made up of three things— heredity,
education and environment. Mr. Valentine
possessed the qualifications which make men
great. He came from a sturdy stock, and he
inherited those qualities which were afterward
to make him a conspicuous figure in more than
one field. Poverty does not disbar a man from
success, as he proved. The opportunities that
come with wealth did not come to him until
late in life, and until he bade them come. Hii
education was not of the school. The real
education comes not from the college walk cr
from contact with professors. Education comes
from the study of men and affairs; and it was
in these that this man excelled.
And yet, while discharging the duties of a
most responsble position, he found time to
study the problems of life so that he became an
authority upon coinage, currency, Homer and
the translations of Homer. The secret of au
thority In any line is the secret of persistence.
There is only one genius, and that is the
genius of. hard work. In his labor Mr. Valen
tine was indefatigable. It was not by accident
that he was called upon to become the head of
a mighty corporation, but it was because at the
beginning he mastered all the details. The
greatness of this man did not consist. in being
tha head of this corporation, but it was due to
his sturdines of character, his fearlessness of
opinion, hia intellectual honesty which made
him great. He had the courage of his con
victions. His love for humanity was catholic,
and his benefactions were as broad as* they
were numerous. Although a man of great af
fairs, he found time to worship. The life of
such a man is worthy of emulation, and in
closing let me admonish all to pattern their
lives as he did, after the Master's. Then will
come the reward not only here but in the here
after.
Rev. Mr. Shaw spoke a brief eulogy of
the deceased, whom he had known inti
mately for some years as his pastor. The
speaker said Valentine was a Christian,
who did good because he loved goodness,
and that in his death humanity suffered
a distinct loss.
Remarks were made by President Watt
and Secretary McCoy of the association,
both of whom referred to * Valentine's
work in behalf of the association and of
his warm attachment for the young men.
The service closed with benediction by the
Rev. Mr. Baker.
Valentine Memorial Services.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— High tribute was
paid to-day to the memory of the late
John J. Valentine, president of Wells,
Fargo & Co.. by the parishioners of the
Church of the Advent, of which Mr. Val
entine had been an active and prominent
member. Special services were held this
morning. The Rev. William Carson Shaw,
the rector, preached a memorial sermon,
and music appropriate to the service was
sung by the vested choir. The solo for
the offertory was "Lead Us and Guide
Us," sung by J. E. Dean.
CONSOLIDATION SHOWS
SUCCESS IN CHABITY
Eureka Benevolent Association and
Hebrew Board of Relief Dem- '
onstrate Good Work.
Members of the Eureka Benevolent As
sociation met at the office on O'Farrell
street yesterday to hear the fifty-first an
nual report and also to elect officers for
the year. Charles Hirsch, the president,
announced that the year had been made
memorable by the fact of the unification
of the disbursing boards or charity .com
mittees of the four leading Jewish relief
organizations of the city, an object that
had for many years failed of accomplish
ment.' The charity committee composed
of delegates from several benevolent or
ganizations was now known as "The He
brew. Board of Relief," with full charge
of all matters pertaining to relief work.
The report showed that the expenditures
from .the general fund had been consid
erably less this year than for the previous
one. As a result of the consolidation of
the charitable organizations they had re
duced the expenditures during the past
year to $20,486 95. which was $2237 52 less
than the previous one. The total sum ex
pended in charity was $16,701 86. "The total
expenditure for the year amounted to
$20,486 93. Last year's deficit was $9248 40.
while this year it was considerably less,
being only $2924 04, which result was due
principally to the work of the- committee
on subscriptions, which, under the chair
manship of Lewis ' Gerstle, succeeded in
augmenting the income with . the sum of
$4555 25. The widow and orphan fund had a
capital of $140,026 54, a gain of $1898 27. The
expenditures for* dispensations to widows
were ?4582 50 and proportion of expenses
$137914. . : ' " .
A. retrospective glance into the fifty
one years' history of the association
showed the duties performed and the ben
efits conferred. It had fed the hungry
and clothed and sheltered the homeless,
and while alleviating poverty had neither
encouraged pauperism nor destroyed the
self-respect of the beneficiaries.
The following named officers were
elected;
President, Charles Hirsch; • vice presi
dent. S. . W. Heller; treasurer, Albert
Meyer; secretary, Meyer H. Levy; trus
tees — Herman Levy, A. Anspacher. S.
Schwabacher, Henry Slnshelmer. Juda
Newman and S. W. Rosenstock. '
that Satisfy.
Satisfactory eyeglasses must 1
. be fitted carefully to the vision.
They cannot be obtained from
every Tom, Dick and Harry; \
they must be made up to suit ■_
the case. Our glasses are inva-
riably satisfactory — because
they suit the vision; are made
right and cost no more than
ether glasses.
. Remember our name and nuni- .
ber.
STANDARD OPTICAL &
2irKearny : Sttota(oX
Commencing Monday, December 30th, and
continuing all through month of January,
we will offer Extraordinary Values in all
our Departments.
. • — »
7 Cases WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
full size and extra weight (all wool).
34.OO Pair.
Regular price 55. OO.
125 Pairs IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS, in
cream and pure white, 24 different patterns,
$7.5O Pair.
Good value for $10.50.
95 Pairs IRISH POINT 'AND RENAISSANCE
LACE CURTAINS, all fast lockstitch edges, In
20 different patterns.-.
$10.00 Pair.
Cood value for 512.50.
60 Pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, all new
colorings, with handsome fringed ends.
$3.5O Pair.
Regular value $5.OO Pair.
150 Fine SILKOLINE BED COMFORTERS, full
size, with jure snowflake filling, good designs.
$1.OO Each.
Worth SJ.5O.
5 Cases- Genuine SCOTCH ZEPHYR GING-
HAMS, all good stules and colorings, regular
prices 25c, 35c and 40c uard. Entire lot will
he sold at
15cYard.
The above lines of goods are all fresh and clean, and at
the prices quoted are Genuine Bargains.
m. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
80LDBEB8. BOWIW * C0'8 SPECIAL SAVING BAI.S
GDLDBERQ
B'DWEN
Bon Bons
and
Toy^-made of satin-pretty
novelties to be filled with
candy — 20% discount for
3 days f
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Kona coffee
Coffee is higher — buy liberally— 20c
this cut can't continue-reg'ly 25c lb
Corn Succotash
Sea Foam— finest quality — 2 for 1 CC
reg'ly 15c can— j
packed in Maine doz$I 40
Marmalade
Keiller— made from Seville o r o . _ _
[ oranges— reg'ly 25c jar rr lur 4-5*-
C h e e s e
Finest eastern cream and sage — rt e
reg'ly 25c lb 2OC
Shrimps
Pansy-delicious for lb 3 for 2CC
a quick salad— reg'ly 2 ,.°
ioc and 20c can I lb , I^C
Figs
Imported Symrna — layers — i re
reg'ly 20c lb J
Dates
Stuffed with nuts-Oriental— 2 cc
reg'ly 30c box - \ ;
Mackerel
5 lb pail— white tender fish— nnr
reg'ly $1 • 9 OC
M inc e meat'
Atmore— 5 lb pail— a Pr
reg'ly 70c
Sweet Cider
Delong-reg'ly 50c gal T on 40C
Liquors for
NEW YEARS
Cocktails
Best ingredients — 6 kinds — ready nnr
to use— reg'ly $1 25 bottle • " uc
W h i s ky
reg'ly specU
Old Crow bourbon 1893 "| $1 25 bot * j
Hermitage rye 1894 J $5 gallon 4
Bull Dog whisky
Rye and bourbon-10 years old- tf f o ,
extra fine— full quart t 31 Z J
Batavia arrac
Jamaica rum
London dock— flavors g T « r
punch to perfection— *
reg'ly $1 50 bottle-$6 gallon $5
G0LDBEE3. B0WVX * CO' 3 SPECIAL BATOU SALS
Cherries
In marasquin for cocktails— punch
lemonade— reg'ly 6oc bottle 5 J) c
Cigars
For New Years gifts j
JUST ARRIVED -
Muscades dates Stuffed dates
G'ace'cherries Glace'prunes
(California) (stuffed with nuts)
Locum figs in baskets — 30c
Sardines in butter Wisconsin ducks
♦3* Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
inirte»!>4h and Q«v Struts Otktand
Repairs broken glasses.
Lenses duplicated for $o
cents — if astigmatic
i'$I.OO Or $i.r;o. ;
COKE! COKE! COKE!
-\ P. A. MCDONALD.
813 FOLSOM STRKET.
San Francisco Gas Coks for sal* to families
and to the trade at reduced rates.
I DR.PIERCES ."
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I S tor\n d^t£i£f STORATIV1S - «™o**-
The most wonderful aphrodJaiao and Snaeiai
Tonlo for the Sexual Orian.. t£? boto SSS?
- I h *. M^^ R * m^ 3 : Ior DUeaa*. of tnTlSd.
«a Market «t-. S. y— <Send tor Circular*. >
drmcnultyT
-A. Specialist ciires Blood Poison. Uonorrhcea,GleeL.
Jni^r* S^ mlnal Wetness, Impotence and I tbelr
?fl™?ih??if£ e sperience. Terms reasonable. Hou"
tationfreeaadsacredly confidential CaJJ or address
P.BO8COB aieXUI/TY, M.D.
g6KK«arnySt, Sag Francisco, Cal.
ft R I A I ft Ammunition. Pistols. Cut-
I "I 9 1\9 V 1«T. Canrtn* Sets. Football.
H-N 9 I«B Baseball, Athletic and Out-
Ill O I « tH '<T E * G S° d3 £"" « ollda y Trad*.
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTART PUBLIC! AND ATTOSHST-AT-LAW
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels B'Js.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. Jamea 1501.
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year