SAN FRANCISCO," SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 141.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
AGUINALDO SUBMITS TO THE SUPREMACY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
AND ISSUES A PROCLAMATION CALLING UPON ALL INSURGENTS TO SURRENDER
Says Universities Should Give More Individual At
tention to the Individual Pupil to Advance Him
to the Highest Plane of Intellectual Life
NEED OF A HIGHER EDUCATION
THE THEME OF WHITELAW REID'S
ADDRESS TO STANFORD STUDENTS
vttt y ASHINGTON, April 19.-Ad-
VLJ\/jutant General Corbin author- ¦
\7 izes , the statement that ¦' no*
• material changes will* be
made' In the army in the Phil
ippines until after the "War Department
has. heard, from "General Chaffee on "the
subject. In accordance with, orders, pre
viously issued General -.Chaffee' will" re
lieve General MacArlhur of the command
of the military forces; in the Philippines
on June SO," and. the present expectation
is . that , a ,. general - civil government . will
be 'established in - the archipelago ' about
that time.' General Corbin says that re
cent developments, in the Philippines have
caused, no,' change in the 'general plans of
the department for the dispatch of regu
lar troops from the United States to re-'
HON. WHITELAW REID, WHO
APPEALS FOR INDIVIDUAL
ISM IN EDUCATION.
MANAGER OF EVANS & CO.. CON
TRACTORS. "WHO LAVISHLY EN
TERTAINED AT MANILA. •
Continued on Third' Page.
BEAJTH AND DAMAGE
IN COLORADO SNOWSLIDE
TELLURIDE, Colo., April 19. — This
a-fternoon a snowslide carried away the
bunk and boarding houses of the Alta
mine near here. Pilchard Pendergast,
the cook, lost his life. The slide oc
curred fifteen minutes before the miners
caine out of the mine for the supper hour.
TORNADO HTTKLS; HOUSES
Two -Men , Are 'Injured and Iffiuca
. / Damags Is Done. by a Furious
";•-. Wind. :" ;
.MIAMI, Fla., April 19.— The hamlet of
Biscayne;: seven miles north of here, was
struck 1 , by. a tornado, this morning. 'Sev
eral houses were demolished. John Peters
was fatally, injured and "William Cook se-
riously hurt. : • . --; ;.
"^Peters' "house,"; a {new and substantial
structure, was . carried . about la hundred
yards and dashed to"- pieces.- Peters'; head
Is badly crushed;Jarid \ his body " was
pierced by. several ; pieces of .wood. Every
forest i tree; in T the: path of the wlndVwas
torn, up by,; the roots.-
LEADER OF MAYAS
IS ASSASSINATED
«. w;-* -z-% " —¦ — : -
MERID A, Yucatan, April 19.—
General Felipe Yama, the chief
leader of the Maya rebel Indians,
has been assassinated by some of
his under officers, -who. were exas
perated at his advice to surrender'
and end the war. Three minor
chiefs attacked him with ma
chetes, nearly cutting him to
pieces. Then the Indians gathered
around the corpse and indulged/in
a long orgie. .This action.. It is be
lieved, show3 a determination' of
th'e chiefs to • keep up the Indian
nghtins, though desertera say food
has siven out. '
"/wo musfcers. names: unknown, who ar
rived yesterday from Nome." bring sensa
tional reports of wholesale deaths, by
freezing " along the coast. They, report
that. 2C0' persons have died from exposure
or freezing before the middle of January
at various points up and down the coast.
Their stories are. not credited hers, as
they lack confirmation. ,. - - -
"The remains of the' lost Dr.* Bettinger
have been uncovered a j few miles : up the
.White ' River trail; ' where' he had doubt
less died of' exposure," haying mistaken
the trail.' 1 !: . ,- %. -
lished reports that General MacArthur
has been instructed to reduce the army
immediately to 40,000 men. .
SEATTLE, April. lD.-James H. Ardern
cf'one of the - ruining companies . of Daw
son arrived here this morning: on his way
to London. Mr. Ardern says that"; the
clean-up this year in . the ¦ Dawson camp
would . from ' a ¦'• conservative estimate,
amount to $30,000,000,. making it the big
gest * output" in ¦ the history of the ' Klon
dike. .-;., ¦-.->:% '..' : :'¦ • • ¦ ' ,.-. H; : \:
. Mr. Ardern ha3 had an extensive experi
ence, in the Klondike. -He says that the
new'; strike in :'E1 Dorado . below the level
of the old bedrock is not in the least ex
aggerated, He is taking to London sam
ples „ of the quartz from the • ledge lately
struck in the country rock, and. which ex
tends from Victoria Gulch on Bonanza to
El Dorado. This quartz, which is said to
be rich in 'free milling gold; will,', M.\ Ar
dern. believes," raise the Dawson camp a
great deal : in the estimation" of the fircjan
ciarcenters of the world and establi/h the
fact that the northern gold fields are only
in .their, infancy as , a' producer, of the' pre
cious metal. ¦;. ";•';. * • ' . ¦ -; '.-...v-t
¦¦• A; Dawson dispatch of April 13 says:
Dawspn Man Estimates the
Output at Thirty Million
Dollars.
place the volunteers ordered home for dis
charge before July 1 next. General Cor
bin gives. an emphatic denial to the pub-
KLONOIKE'S CLEAN-UP
WILL BREAK RECORD
Elder of Ecclesia Sect Fails
to ; Support His
v 1 ;! v Wife. '
TACOMA, April 13.— Elder J. D. Christ!*
of - Ecclesia Mission failed to appear in
court to-day to answer to the divorce suit
brought by his wife. Christie Joined tha
faction of the First Baptist church wh'ch
separated from that -denomination three
years ago under the leadership cf N. P.
Harriman. forming the new. Ecclesia sect
1 One of ' their doctrines was that lru«
Christians were sanctified* and could not
touch unclean things. Elder Chriszie ab
sorbed this idea to such an extent that ha
was unwilling to work at ordinary occu
pations and i hi3 wife was compelled to
support, herself. They were "married in
Missouri twenty-two years ago and have
a son 20 years old, who has supported his
mother's contention for a separation.
Judge Sr.ell granted the divorce, staring
that a religion good enough to preach
ought to be good enough to practice.
". — fcJ - > «»
With a view to relieving all the regular
troops who have had a long period of ser
vice in the Philippines, the Secretary of
TVar has decided to replace them a3
rapidly as circumstances "will permit witli
the new regiments now in course of or
ganization in this country. A plan ha3
been adopted by which troops will be
given one year's service in the United
States and two years" service in the Phil
ippines. Its operation will result in each
regiment always having one, battalion in
reserve in the United States.
The regular troops in the Philippines
will be brought home gradually and th«
movement will begin as soon as the neces
sary, arrangements can be perfected. Ths
troops having the longest service in tha
tropics will be the first to return to the
United States.
MANILA, April 10.— The extent of tha
commissary irregularities is not yet de
fined, but ia possibly smaller than at first
supposed.
CONSIDERS SANCTITY
SUPERIOR TO LABOR
lar and free. -Let us hope that -these charac
teristics in our system may be preserved in
their purity. Long may "we continue to have
universities popular in the sense that. they are
open on ; equal. terms to. every rank and condi
tion of life — that they have no unwritten laws
restricting them to the sons of gentlemen of
birth or distinction . and making them un
comfortable fcr anybody else; long may they
remain free in the sense that the instruction
is limited only by the desire to seek and to
teach the truth. .,'-.-.
Duty of the Instructor.'
Eut. the popularity will be harmful if it de
generates into a vulgar catering for numbers
by throwing" down the bars of admission
which time and experience have sanctioned,
and the liberty will be disastrous If it de
generates into license, whether for the students
in their^ conduct or for the professors in their
teaching. -Th? freedom for a student which
absolves. him from the obligations of a gentle
man Is no better and no worse than the free
dom for a rrofeisor which absolves him from
the duties cf a scholar and a" patriot, and
converts -his relations to his country Into rail
ings aVainst its present and Its past policy,
rather than the exercise of an influence justly
belonging to the highly educated and highly
placed upon his country's future. It Is .a mis
fortune ' for the colleges, and no less for the
country, when the trusted instructors are out
of sympathy with its history, with its ds
velopment and with the men who made the
one and are guiding the other.
It was hinted a few minutes ago that the
splendid gifts to learning: which illuminate ami
ennoble our • lilstcry and in an unprecedented
degree 7 our recent history entitle us' to expect
ffcr our country the highest and best learning
of the world. - But what . is . the highest and
best? Or If that question be too abstract. for
a conclusive answer ever to # be given, what is
the hlshest end best for this .country? What
sort of . education does a republic most need
in the days of Its overwhelming success and
unparalleled prosperity? Pehraps a solution may
be easier if we state the problem differently."
What s defects of human ¦ character does a re
public tend' to" develop that - the higher educa
tion should correct? - " '- . " ' ' i
Well. our critics, foreign and domestic, are
free-spoken enough to* leave us little difficulty
In finding answers to that. We are conceited
beyond endurance. We bra's like Bombastes.
We. are .slow to believe that other- people' can
teach*, us anything. . W*^ have- the, provincial
idea that because we are conspicuously ahead
in . some things we . are : ahead in s everything.
We reach ~ conclusions ' without seeing- a Sub
ject on all sides, and ¦ are then ¦ intolerant of
diversity of -opinion. . "We '.value thingrs simply"
because of their blgne».'./.We live ,'th- a, whirl
of money-making or amusement 'or. excitement
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April
19.— The lecture by Hon. Whitelaw
Reid to the students of Stanford
University to-day was a plea for
recognition of the higher ideals of
education. The distinguished statesman
and diplomatist took the advanced ground
that the worth of universities should not
be judged by the number of graduates
they might turn out, but rather by the
highest intellectual' planes achieve"d by
those whom these institutions have fitted
for their life work.
The address began with a reference to
current estimates of the world's progress
in the century ended four months ago.
The strides America has made in ihis ex
traordinary century in subduing a conti
nent, in spreading out over the islands
of the sea. in gaining and maintaining in
dependence and in abolishing slavery were
not its most important achievement. That
lay in building up from ocean to ocean a
gigantic system, free practically to the
poorest as well as to the richest child' of
the republic, under which any man could
learn anything. Not in the work of arm
ies and navies, not in the inventions that
amazed, not In the growth that bewildered
nor even In the general diffusion of com
fort that beggared the world for parallels
was our sxeat slory to be found. Rather
it was in the mind that had been en
lightened, in the life that had been shaped
and directed— in a word, it was in the kind
of man that America reared.
The lecturer referred to Stanford Uni
versity as perhaps the greatest and cer
tainly the most beneficent monument of
parental grief the world had- ever seen,
and paid a warm tribute to the Stanfords
and to the university. He spoke next of
the enormous ag-gregate of other recent
private gifts, as well as public appropria
tions in this country for education, and
asked what was to come of it all? ' Should
we rest content with the widest diffusion
of learning in the world or should we in
sist also on the highest and best learning
of the world? The lecturer enumerated
and discussed things often said against
the present system— complaints that many
were beine educated out of fitness for
anything they were capable of doing, com
plaints that many small colleges and even
some large ones are little more than pre
tentious high schools, cheapening degrees;
deceiving students and degrading educa
tion; complaints of the bookkeeping. spirit
in others that makes hours of study rath
er than maturity of mind and acquirement
the preliminary for professional courses;
complaints that colleges keep a young
man too long from an active business life
and so make him enter it at a disadvan
tage, and complaints as to post graduate
studies shaped v not so as best to promote
sound learning but so as quickest to get a
doctor's degree. He then said: , -* .- '•¦ ¦ ;
. An acute English: observer. Mr. Bryce.'re
mark* that German' universities are i popular
but not free; English^ universities free. but not
popular," and American 'Jaiversitiws bothVpopu-
It Is the Present Expectation That Civil Government Will Be Established by
June 30, and Troops That Have Done Arduous Duty on the Islands Will
Be Relieved as Rapjdly as Possible by the Regiments Now Organizing
Full Acceptance of American Ruls
Expected on the Part of the
" Natives. • ¦
MANILA, April 1^— Aguinaldo has at
last issued his address to the Filipino peo
ple, advising a general surrender? of the
insurgents. - To signalize this important
step in the pacification of, the -country
General MacArthur orders Che Vc'.esse, on
swearing allegiance" to the TJnite'd' Slates;
of one thousand insm-gents prisoners. ,
.General MacArthur and General Bates,
the 'commander of -the depaVtment of
Southern Luzon, who Is shortly* to ' sail
for the United States, reviewed to-day
the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Volun
teer Infantry, which sail oo . the trans
port Sheridan Monday next for home.
During the past week 28S rifles have been
surrendered.
Will Have Good Effect. '¦
WASHINGTON, April 19.— It is believed
by the administration that the manifesto
of , Aguinaldo will have a decidedly good
effect both in the Philippines and in this
country. It will take some time for its
dissemination among the Filipinos, ' but
it is expected to berof great service and
make rapid the improvement of the situa
tion which set in some time ago, and
which hasbecome much marked of late.
Especial gratification is felt at the un
reserved tone of the document and the
full acceptance it indicates of ; American
rule. This, it is felt, -.will bring, to the
support of,- the government many Fili
pinos, who, wishing for peace, have hesi
tated to assist the Taft Commission.
More Liberty for Aguinaldo.
In this* country it is expected to reduce
the criticism- of the administration/and
to cause less discussion of the general
policy of the war in the islands and more
consideration of the important matter of
the best administration to be evolved for
their government. It is to this work that
theTaft Commission is now bending all
its energies. : Aguinaldo, now that he has
accepted American sovereignty, probably
will be, given more liberty than he> Jias
enjoyed hitherto. His services will' be
used as far as possible in the pacification
of the islands. The extent, however, to
which he will be permitted his freedom
is for General MacArthur to determine,
with the assistance of the Taft Commis
sion, for the aim of the home government
will be to rest largely upon the views
held by its representatives in the islands.
Soot Receives a ,Copy.
¦Coincident with the issue of the mani
festo . at Manila, Secretary Root made
public the copy received from ' General
MacArthur. This came to hand en the
10th of A*pril, and differs slightly in its
phraseology^ from that made public in
Manila. General : MacArthur informed
the department at that time that the
manifesto had . been prepared by Aguin
aldo with the assistance only of the two
staff officers who were .with him at. the
time he -was * captured. Secretary Root
declined' to-be- interviewed on the- sub
ject of the manifesto further than to eay
that it was dignified ! in , tone and admir
ably constructed. * ¦ ¦ \ .. '
An Important Step in the
Pacification of the'
Archipelago.
Must First Take the
Oath of Allegiance
to Uncle Sam.
ONE THOUSAND
PRISONERS TO
BE RELEASED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
P.AKERSFIELD, April 19.— Vigilantes
and alleged claim-jumpers fought a furi
ous battle at about midnight last night In
the Midway oil district, between McKit
.td£ k _> J Il4 Su J2??^. an< L about forty-five
miles ;Jrom here. Two of the claim-jump
ers were mortally wounded. So far as
1< timed none of the vigilantes were
touched by bullets.
Owing to the remcteness of the scene of
the conflict exact details are difficult to
obtain, but from fairly accurate sources
it -is learned that there were about twen
ty-five vigilantes and from six to ten
claim-jumpers engaged in the fight; that
oO-Sl rifles and heavy pistols were used,
and that the contest was at close range.
The wounded men are G. P. Cornell Jr.,
late of Quincy, Plumas County, and J. T.
Wsjkcr,' late of Nevada. Cornell was hit
<wice, one bullet passing through his
chest. It is believed he will die. Walker
was hit in the breast and is badly
wounded. • .
Cornell is' said to be a professional
"gun man" and delights In following the
kind of business he engaged in last night.
He is "dead game." He fought last night
even after he was shot down. Durinp- the
battle he stood near a water tank. It is
said that the tank was riddled by bullets.
The jumpers were laagered on section
26, Z2.-ZZ, where they proposed to begin
boring 1 for oil. They were expecting
tri.uljle, and in consequence had their
l>icltcts out. The lirst Intimation they ahd
cf the Immediate presence of the enemy
came from Cornell's post. The vigilantes
sang out to Cornell to hold up his hands.
Cornell defiantly refused and with an oath
coolly commanded them to hold up their
hiii'ds and not to come- a step farther or
he would fire. The vigilantes kept com
ing, Cornell fired and the battle opened.
When the firing ceased— why, it was not
learned— the vigilantes warned the jump
ers that this was their first call, and a
second one would' be made if the inter
lopers did not evacuate the land. They
then retired in order that the wounded
misht be cared for.
J. W. Crosland. at one time deputy
County Recorder, is said to be leader of
the jumpers, and he is reported as having
s^aid this morning at McKittrlck, where lie
went to wire to the home office, "Let 'em
come: -we're heeled for them," when dis
cussing: the possibility of another collision
to-night.
4TEg vigilantes are determined men and
are out to rid the district cf jumpers, and
it is more than likely another battle will
tcke place to-night.
The land in question, section 26, is
claimed by the Mount Diablo Oil Com
pany, ar.d the jumpers represent the Su
perior Sunset Company. They do not deny
that the Mount Diablo was the first lo
cator, but claim it failed to do its assess
ment work in time, and hence lost title to
the land. The Mount Diablo people claim
the contrary.
The Superior Sunset people say they
are bncked by Judge Claflln, late of
Plumas County. The Judge said to-day:
¦'Our men ran up against vigilantes and
got the worst of it. The vigilantes com
mittee was instigated by the Mount Diablo
people."
The land was jumped last Saturday, and
cv<?r since the air r>as been, redolent with
war talk. Eight or ten members of the
Mount Diablo Company, armed to the
teeth, it is said, were camped a half-mile
away when the batle raged.
Is Likely.
Both Factions Prepare for Further
Etrife and Another Clash
Two Men Mortally Wounded
in the Combat That
Follows.
Vigilantes Attack Claim-
Jumpers in Midway
District.
WARRING OIL
MEN BATTLE
WITH RIFLES
THERE WILL NOT BE ANY CHANGE IN FORCES
IN THE PHILIPPINES UNTIL AFTER CHAFFEE
SUCCEEDS MacARTHUR AS THE COMMANDER
BELIEVE I am not in error in presuming that the unh'appy fate to which my adverse fortune has led me is not a surprise to those who have been familiar with. the progress of the war. The lessons taught with a full meaning,
¦ and which have recently come to my knowledge, suggest with irresistible force that a complete termination of hostilities and lasting peace are not_orily desirable. but absolutely essential to the welfare of the Philippine Islands.
The Filipinos have never been dismayed at their weakness, nor have they faltered in following the path pointed out by their fortitude and" courage. The time has come, however, in which they find their ad
: vance along this-path to be impeded by an irresistible force, which, while it restrains them, yet enlightens their minds and opens tc? them another course, presenting them the cause of peace. This -cause has been joyfully em
braced by the majority of my fellow-countrymen, who have already united around the glorious sovereign banner of the United States. In this banner they repose: their trust and belief that under its protection the Filipino
people will attain all those promised liberties which they are beginning to enjoy. The country has declared unmistakably in favor of peace. So be it. . There has been enough of blood, enough tears and enough desolation. This
wish cannot be ignored by the men still in arms if they are animated by a desire to serve our people, which- has. thus clearly manifested its will. So do I respect this will, now that it is known to me.
After mature deliberation I resolutely proclaim to the world that I cannot refuse to heed th'e voic y e of a. people longing for peace, nor the lamentations of thousands of families yearning to see their dear ones en
joying the liberty and the promised generosity of the great American nation. . •
By acknowledging and accepting the sovereignty of the United States throughout the Philippine archipelago, as I now do and without;any reservation whatsoever, I believe that I am serving thee, my beloved
country. May happiness be thine. • . : * . , •
MANILA, P. L, April 19, 1901. J ;" . EMILIO AGUINALDO Y FAMA. '
The San Francisco CallModesto, No. 11— J. I* "Whltmore, Ceres, Stan-
77— G. G. Halllday, G. F. Deln-
Downleville, No. 92— F. R. "Wehe.
Cabrillo. No. 114— N. Hearne, George I*.
Athens, No. 195— W. E. Dean. M. G. Perkins.
Courtland, No. 106 — Joseph E. Green.
Friendship," No. 78— R. C. Groves, j
Golden Star. No. 8S— L,. Den. ;
Ferndale, No. 93— Joseph A. Shaw, W. M.
Samuels. . . _, _ ..
Golden Nugeet, No. 94— Thomas J. McGrath.
Los Posltas, No. 96— Arthur W. Fiedler, Fred
TtfttiiV
Santa Lucia, No. 97— F. "W. Sargent, P. E.
Lasfen, No. 99— F. F. Kingsbury. George N.
McDow.' .
Mount Diablo, No. 101— James E. Rodgers,
A. E. Dunkel.' i _ ' __
Nlantlc, No. 105— Frank Mordecai, J. B. Kee
- Arrowhead, No. 110— John Andreaon Jr., W.
D. Wagner. ¦ • ~.
Sonoma, No. Ill— G. S. Harris. ¦,,...
Eden, No. 113— George A. Oakes, John Mad-
No. 118— Charles Boxton, George "W.
Koch Jr.. F. P. Wehe. ,
Piedmont No. 120-D. W. Doody, E. A. Brack
ett. H. W. Shaw. ¦
Wisteria, No. 127— George P. Hellwlg.
Madera, No. 130— J. T. Conley. Frank Glas.
Gabilan, No. 132— R. H. Martin.
Hornltos, No. 138— J. B. Semorllle.
Brooklyn, No. 151— G. T. Hans, H. A. Sage-
Cambria, NoT 152— Rafael A. Mora. _
Sequoia, No. 160—Rlchard T>. Barton, Louis
C. Pistolesi, D. C. B. Murphy.
Winters No. 163— James T. Goodln.
Washington, No. 169— W. A. Trefry. ,
Byron, No. 170— W. H. Hewson.
Precita, No. 187— John M. Hlckey, James M.
Hanley. - - '
Siskiyou, No. 188-Jesse E. Carlock.
Olympus, No. 189— Andrew Mocker, H. I. Mul
creavy.
Liberty, No. 193— Frank Dunphy.
Presidio, No. 194— E. E. Fischer, E. H.
Honey- Lake, No. 198— O. E. Wemple, Milford,
Lassen County. •
Rio Vista, No. 199— Elbert S. Egbert.
' Marshall, No. 202— Manuel Farro, . Joe Rose.
The was recentlv received fro*n
Chicago and was' presumably pure.- This
is the first death -from vaccination that
ever occurred in San Bernardino County.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aoril 19.— Clauue
Rodriguez, aged 10 ye^rs, died here this
morning from the effects of poisoned
virus. One week ago me parents had the
boy vaccinated, since ' -which time he ha*
gradually grown worse. Physicians la
bored incessantly to cave his life, but
without avail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Little Victim Succumbs to
the Effects of Poisoned
VACCINATION GAUSES
DEATH OF A CHILD
The delegates to the Grand Parlor will
have enough fun on the special train to
remember. | At Pajaro the Native Sons
and Native Daughters of "Watsonville will
present every Native Son on the train with
a box of strawberries. Dinner will be
served at Paso Robles, where the train
will stop for one hour, Santa Barbara Is
ready to greet . the visitors heartily and
with warm hospitality.
• The local parlors will entertain the visit
ing delegates to the Grand Parlor at a
smoker to be held in California Hall this
evening. Prominent members of the or
ganization will make brief addresses, and
an enjoyable occasion is assured to all.
An especially entertaining feature will be
a carefully selected musical programme
Including instrumental and vocal pieces.
Strawberries for Delegates.
Berkeley, No. 210— Dr. Edward Gray.
Seapoint, No. 158— Gus H. Kilborn, "William
R. Milton. -
Stockton, No. 7— George E. Catts. W. C. Neu
mlller, F. A. Eckstrom, W. H. Knowles, "W.
E. O'Connor.
Hanford, No. 37— Harry E. Ayers.
Dlxon, No. 60— Dr. L. P. Hall.
Mount Tamalpais, No. 64— J. Emmet Hayden,
Louis Smith.
Stanford, No. 76 — Charles H. Stanyan, I>. A.
Curtin, Charles D. Steiger, Joseph Greenberg.
Palo Alto, No. 82— A. B. Barker, "W. E.
Geack.
San Marcos. No. 150— Charles Davis..
Observatory, No. 177— W. J. Boachken, "W. F.
Lenzen.
Menlo, No. 183— Peter A. Farley.
Prospect, No. 201— R. T. Noble. .
Greenwood. No. 209— E. R. Barry.
Tdeemlte, No. 24— Oscar M. Oliver. Archibald
L.. Silman.
Golden Gate, No. 29— David "Wilson, H. Fred
Suhr Jr., John R. Mclsaac, Joseph J. Har
rington.
Napa, No. 62 — Henry J. Hoernle, J. T. York.
Seaside. No.. 95 — Thomas Shoults. *
Bay City, No. 104— H. G. w. pinkelsptel, H.
Li. Gunzburger, M. E. Llcht.
Alcalde. No. 154 — J. A. Devoto, E. Lastreto,
L. E. Derre.
Cape Horn, No. 203— George H. Barnes.
Sunrise, No. 20+- J. T. Silva.
Dolores, No. 20*— Thomas E. Curran, Dr. J.
WASHINGTON, April ¦ 19.— Secretary
Long to-day .recommended to the Presi
dent the reappointment of Admiral O' Neil
as chief of the naval bureau of ordnance.
This recommendation is equivalent', to I a
reappointment. ¦ .
O'Neil to Be Reappointed.
. BAKERSFIELD, April 19.— There was a
head-end collision this morning on the
Southern Pacific near Caliehte, between
a work train and a freight t~ain. Engineer
Fry was bruised considerably and one
of the locomotives was wrecked. But for
the fact that both trai us v/cre running
slowly the damage would have been
serious. . ¦ - .
Head-End Collision.
The past winter has been the most se
vere experienced in this vicinity in years.
For weeks at a time the Geysers Hotel
has been surrounded by a deep mantle of
snow, and the resultant floods in the
spring sent a tremendous volume of water
pouring down the gulches to Russian
River. "What connection the severity of
the winter may have with the increasing
activity of the myriad of steaming gey
sers is a question that must be solved by
men of science. . . ¦
Grass Valley's New Depot.
GRASS VALLEY, April 19.— The new
Grass Valley dspot of. the "Nevada County
Narrow Gauge Railroad was thrown open
to the public yesterday. . It is a modern
structure, costing upward of $S00O, and is
fitted with every up-to-date convenience.
The general offices of the company are in
the second story.
Ship-Building Venture.
President Signs a Treaty.
TACOMA, .-'/ April . 19.— A contract was
closed by J. A. Sloan ot Cleveland. O-, to
day for a tract of land -with a frontage of
900 feet on the Puyallup River, in front of
Tacoma, for the plant of the Tacoma
Ship-building Company. Title, to property
is conditioned on an investment of $300,
000 in plant and material, or the expendi- 
ture of $25,000 in wages in five years. \ ,
"WASHINGTON, April 19.— The . Presi
dent has signed and ratified the treaty
amendatory of the . Brussels • convention
for the protection of industrial property,
and the document has been forwarded to
Brussels, where it will be deposited.
If You Have Kheumatism
Send no money, but writeDr.Shoop.Racine.Wls .
box 137. for six bottles of Dr. Snoop's Rheumatic
Cuie.exp.paid. If cured pay$5.50. II not.lt is free*
Swallowed ;His False Teeth.
. A man recently swallowed his false teeth and
it drove him mad. Stomachs will stand a great
de&l, but not everything:. _^ If yours Is weak try
Hostetter*s Stomach Bitter*. It cures indiges
tion, constipation, kidney and liver troubles, as
well as i malaria and fever and ague. It is
particularly effective In all nervous affections,
and Is strongly recommended at this season of
the year when the system Is run . down and
most susceptible to disease. All druggists
keep ' it ¦ *
THE GEYSERS, April 19.— Some re
merkable changts have been made in
Devil's Canyon as a result of the rigors or.
the past winter. The "devil's postofflce"
which for years has stood as one of the
attractions in this wonder spot of nature s
mysteries, was dislodged by high water
'and swept into the canyon. With it went
the great elm tree that stood on the brink
of the precipice, close to the "postoffice.
Some other sweeping changes have been
made by the elements, and on the whole
the list of unusual phenomena that have
made this canyon the most interesting
spot in California has been somewhat the
gainer. Several new and powerful gey
sers have burst forth, and the, old ones
appear to have gained added force. The
witches' 'caldron has been widened and
deepened, until now it is a small lake of
hissing and churning water. On frosty
mornings the steam arising from the can
yon ' is so" dense that for hours I it 1 hangs
like a cloud over, the legendary habitat of
the i nether, spirit; forming- a sorf of - can
opy, i beneath which. he might be supposed
to carry on his darksome operations. -
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
"Winter's Rigors Make Some
Marvelous Changes in
¦> Devil's Canyon.
Quartz No. 58— George L. Jones, James C.
Tyrrell, Michael Joseph Brook.
Auburn. No. 59— F. A. Tyler Jr., W. F.
Jacobs.
Calaveras, No. 67— John Waters. >
Santa Cruz, No. 90— Milton Besfee, TV. R.
Linscott, B. K. Knight.
Glen Ellen. No. 102— B. M. Jones.
Santa Barbara, No. 116— Charles L. Thomp
son, Robert Curran.
Broderick, No. 117— Samuel TV. Alnslle. _
Oakdale, No. 142-A. E. Schadllch, H. W.
H A?catraz. No. 145-Charies T. Turner, Henry
Lichtenstein. „ ' — '
Halcyon, No. 146-J. C. Bates Jr., H. O. Ten
ne Yontockett, No. 156-Fletcher A. Cutler
South San Francisco. No. 157— Nathaniel Hal
linan, Edward J. Taaffe. _
Altamont, No. 167-JamesJV. Bones.
Pomona No. 174^-Frank J. Palojnares. «
Tracy, No. 186-Henry P. Ludmg. '
Etpa, No, 192— John M. Wilson, John Wag
n6 Corona, No. 196-Willlam,T. Craig, Albert D.
B Am™" and Navy, No. 207-Rlchard J. CUne.
• Fr He n Jpe S rian. ra N y o. 137-H. T. Shepston. George
P. Theller, C. F. Butler.
Silver Star No. 63— Alfred E. Clark.
Ramona, No. 109-H. C. Llchtenberger, Leo
V. Younsworth. Julius W. Krause. ¦
General Winn, No. 32— C. M. Belshaw. R. R.
V BaW No. 42-A. Heyman. A. P. Burges.
£an Francisco No. 49— Thomas E. Hearty,
EdwanfS Ritto'ref John H. Nelson, John Hen
" Oakland. No. 50-H. G. Williams. W. ' H. H.
Gentry, W. B. Standeford.
Invincible. No. 74-C. O. Rust. ¦
San Diego. No. 108-M. Czerwlnsky.
Nipomo. No. 123—George O. Dana. „ ¦
Quiney. No. 131— H. S. Lee, W. J. Mijler.
Tuolurrine. No. 144— William Cain.
McCloud. No. 149— Francis Carr. ¦
Lower Lake, No. 159-Bertie Levy, Alma
"^ttonner; No. 162-W. T. Parker.
Kly^onl;:^. Paul Her
ih^SLJ^^be^^arke. /
Carquinez, No. 205— William McCarty.
Biar Flas, No. 27-H. H. Maynard.
SEVERAL NEW GEYSERS
ARE SPOUTING STEAM
and guided Culien's - hand ' while \ the :.tes
tator's name was signed. • '-T'c~
In deciding the case to-day Judge Hy
land said he was satisfied that Cullen was
totally incapable of making a will at the
time the instrument was executed and did
not realize what he was doing.' For this
reason he would deny the application of
Rosa Spafrks for the probate of the in
strument.
An administrator will now be appointed
and the estate divided equally among the
three sisters, unless a higher court should
reverse Judge Hyland.
Cullen was supposed to have had much
money-b-uried, and a few nights after his
death some persons dug all over the im
mediate premises surrounding his home.
Under the house holes showed that buried
jars had been removed and their contents
taken. . It was believed many thousands of
dollars were found, bufwho obtained the
buried coin could never be learned.
benefits, and the parlors have, approxi
mately, $300,000 in their treasuries. The
prospect for the future is correspondingly
bright.
The Chosen Delegates. '--
The delegates who will represent the
many subordinate parlors in" the Grand
Parlor are as follows:
Sacramento, No. 3— A. E. Miller, R...T. Cohn,
T. W. McAulifCe, C. H. Rippon.
Maryaville, No. &-E. A. Forbes, W. M.
Strief.
Argonaut, No. 8— A. M. Smith, E. Marks. .
Pacific, No. 10— Leonard Stone, John F. Can
non, T. P. Martin, S. A. D. Jones. -¦
Huraboldt, No. 14— G. A. Belcher, B. J. Mc-
Garaghan.
Amador, No. 17— C. P. Viclnl, F. N. Sorocco.
Visalia, No. 19— Simon Levy, Austin "W.
Grant.
Arcata, No. 20— J. B. Tilley, W. A. Preston.
San Jose, No. 22— M. F. Marshall, J. S. Wil
liams.
Fresno, No. 25— Henry Avila, George Cos- ¦
grove.
Sunset. No. 26— W. H. Devlin, John Straub,
George Sherman. ' . . -
Santa Rosa, No. 2S— I. W. Bernstein, Charles
P. Maddux.
Woodland, No. 30— Arthur C. Huston. ThaJ.
S. Snauldingr, Kdward B. Hayward.
Excelsior, No. 21— John F. Davis, William
Going, C. B. Arditto. '
Mission, No. 3S— John Porcher, George P.
Neppert, F.i H. Mills.
Solano, No. 39 — Meyer Dinkelspiel, Brock
Dickie. '
Rainbow, No. 40— William Niemeyer, E. T.
Manwell.
Fremont, No. 44— Thomas E. Murphy, '\7.,'W.
Block.
Alameda, No. 47— E. J. Probst, F. O. Schu
man.
¦ Plymouth, No. 48— Charles H. Shields.
El Dorado, No. 52— G. Gunzendorfer, D. D.
Lowney. L. E. Folk.
St. Helena, No. 53 — Bismarck Bruck, Joe
Galcwsky.
Los Osos, No. 61— E. Green, F. J: McIIenry.
Watsonville, No. 65— James B. Holohan, J. L.
Mann.
Redwood, No. 66 — C. D. Hayward, J. F.
Johnston.
Sotoyome, No. .68— J. T. O'Connor, S. Hilger
loh.
Rincon, No. 72— George H. S. Dryden, "Wil
liam A. Peake, William J. Wynn, Thomas H.
Vivian. ¦ -• ¦¦
Granite. No. 83,— George H. Townsend, Sam
uel Dowdin Jr.
Yerba Buena, No. 84— J. T." Harms, Daniel
Suter. " ¦¦•"' '
Sierra, No. 85— Harold T. Power. •, .
Calistoga, No. S6— C. A: Carroll. • • ? .
Mount Bally, No: 87— C. M. Hobart, W. II.
La Baree.
I.os Banos. No. 206— H. A. Jacobs. • \ -
California, No. 1 — Eugene Gauthler Jr.,Klbert
C. Laws, Henry Mayer, Edwin L. Meyer,
Charles A. Bolderman, Frank W. Marston.
Placerville. No v .9— Prentlss Carpenter, E. 1 L.
Bosquit. S. H. Rantz."' "
Chlco, No. 21— Guy R. Kennedy, Al Abra
ham. .
San Mateo. No. 23— W. B. Lawrence,
lone No. 38— W. C. Fithian, "W. H. Heffren.
Los Angeles, No. 45— Adolph Ramish, Charles
' W. Chapman. S '
Hydraulic. No. 56 — F." I* ' Arbograst, J. -V.
I Snyder, Dr. Chester W. Chapman. .
SAN JOSE, April 19.— The contest over
the estate of Dennis Cullen, the hermit
rancher who died in the hills back of Mil
pitas In December, lS99,iias been decided in
favor of the Irish heirs, two sisters. | Cul
len, who lived the lonely life of a cattle
man, died in squalor in a little cabin. He
left an estate worth about $20,000. For
years he had held himself aloof from his
family, and they knew but little about
him. , He had three sisters— Mrs. Rosa
Sparks of San Francisco and Mrs. Mary
Brogerty and Mrs. Maria Gaffrey of Ire
land. Mrs. Sparks •was with him at the
last and to her he left all his property.
This was done by deed. As soon as the
sisters in Ireland heard of the wealth
they began a contest. The charge of un
due influence on the. part of Mrs. Sparks
was made, . • i
At the trial it developed that Cullen had
been found in an unconscious condition in
his cabin and had remained in such a con- %
dition until his death. , The will ¦ had been
signed by one of the-witnesses, who held
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Irish Heirs to Share in the
Dennis Cullen Prop
erty.
HERMIT'S RICHES GO
TO HIS THREE SISTERS
The annual reports will show that the
order has a healthy growth, and much
beneficial activity. During the past year
the membership has been increased by i
1863 In the same period the sum of $10.OX>
in the aggregate was paid out for sick
Work to Be Done.
This programme promises so much that
the delegates are envied by their less for
tunate stay-at-home brothers— and Bis
ters, for that matter. Still there will be
enough work to keep the Grand Parlor
busy with legislative and other concerns
during the hours devoted to deliberations.
There will 'be contests for the offices of
secretary and orator. S. A. D. Jones will
try to wrest the secretaryship from Henry
Lunstedt. M. «T. Dooling of Hollister and
Charles E. McLaughlin are the candidates
for the position of grand orator. In ad
dition to the annual election there is the
selection of the locality for the 9th of
September celebration to be attended to
and the naming of the city to be honored
by the next Grand Parlor. Then there is
the usual routine business to engage the
attention of the delegates.
There will be two proposed amendments
to the constitution. W. H. Devlin of Sac
ramento is the author of one and H. O.
W. Dinkelspiel of Bay City Parlor stands
sponsor for the other. Devlin would limit
the membership of the order so that it
shall consist of white males -who were
born within the State of California on or
prior to September 9. 1900, and the male
lineal descendants of white males who
were born within the State on or prior to
the 9th of September, 1900. Dinkelspiel
would extend the jurisdiction outside of
California to permit the organization of
parlors In cities where there are resid
ing a number of native Californians. Both
of these propositions .bid fair to be hon
ored with a long and earnest discussion.
Indeed the discussion concerning them
has already informally begun.
The citizens of Santa Barbara have
raised $5000 for the entertainment of the
Grand Parlor, and nothing will be done
by halves. The streets will be decorated
and illuminated. There will be excursions
on Monday and a public reception in the
evening; polo games on Tuesday and a
grand ball in the Arlington in the even
ing; a barbecue for 10,000 "natives" on
Wednesday; a banquet for the Grand Par
lor on Thursday; excursions to various
points of interest on Friday; athletic
sports on Saturday and a sacred concert
on Sunday.
THE final preparations for the
twenty-fourth annual session of
the Grand Parlor of^ the Native
Sons of the Golden West at Santa
Barbara and for; the attendant
festivities in the "beautiful city by the
sea are made. To-morrov^ morning at 7:30
o'clock khe special train that will take the
delegates from the northern part of the
State will leave Third and Townsend
streets. To-day the thousands of Native
Sons, and especially the 300 delegates rep
resenting the 149 parlors and 11,958 mem
bers, will be in a flutter of pleased ex
pectation, for the coming week in Santa
Barbara promises to be one of unalloyed
joy.
Postmasters commissioned; California —
Charles A. Yar.cey. Tollhouse. Washing
ton—John A. Thuerer, Dobe.
Army orders announce that Major B.
Bray, additional paymaster of volunteers,
is to go to San Francisco on temporary
duty iertaining to the muster out of vol
unteers, thence to Manila. Captain Will
lam D. Beach. Third Cavalry; Captain
William A. Shunk, Eighth Cavalry; Sec
ond Lieutenant Charles E. Kilbourne Jr.,
Fourteenth Infantry, are to attend an ex
amining hoard at the Presidio of San
Krancisco for examination for promotion.
Pensions issuoo to-day are:
California— Additional, William L. Yel
ton. San Diego. $8. Increase, Richard N.
Doyle. Rp.ndsburg, $24; Anton Hoster, San
Francisco, $8.
Oregon— Increase, William Moore, Kel
logg. $8.
Washington— Additional. Daniel Holling
er. Dryad. $S. Renewal and increase.
William K. Griffith. Cheney. $14. Original
widows. Kmeline Miller. Tumwater, "$S;
Addi" PrMarofT. Castle Rock. $8.
Officers Assigned to This Part of
Country and Pensions Issued.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— The Postof
f.ee Department has issued the following
Postmasters Commissioned, Army
INTEHESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Batteries of Coast Ar
tillery.
SACRAMENTO, April 19.— In accord
ance with the action of the Board of Lo
cation and Organization of the National
Guard, directing a reconstruction of the
First Infantry, Adjutant General Sea
mans has issued a general order trans
ferring Companies C. F, G and K of that
regiment to catteries of coast artillery, to
be known as the First Battalion of Artil
lery. Company F is now Battery A. Com
pany G Battery B, Company C Battery
C and Company K Battery D.
This change necessitated changing the
designation of the remaining eight com
panies of the First Infantry, and in the
I mure Company 1 ivill be known as Com
pany C. Company L. as Company F and
company M as Company G.
Major W. R. Robertson and First'Lieu
tenant H. F. McGurren, battalion adju
tant-, are relieved and will report to Sec
end Brigade headquarters, awaiting or
ders. In addition to his present duties.
Captain T. J. Cunningham will assume
command of the First Battalion of Artil
lery and will detail the necessary staff.
Officers will act under present commis
sions until commissioned in the artillery.
All expenses by reason of the change will
be borne by the companies.
The battalion shall consist of one ma
jor, three first lieutenants, one battalion
sergeant major, one battalion quartermas
ter sergeant, one battalion commissary
herjreant, one electrician sergeant, two
color sergeants and four batteries.
Each battery shall consist of one cap
tain, one extra first lieutenant, one sec
ond lieutenant, one first sergeant, one
quartermaster sergeant, six sergeants,
••ight corporals, two musicians, two me
< hanics. two cooks and not less than
thirty-five nor more than seventy-eight
privates; provided, that when the total
strength of any battery is seventy-five or
more there may be seven sergeants and
ten corporals, and when the total strength
of any battery is ninety or more there
ir.av be eight sergeants and twelve cor
porals, but the maximum strength of 103
thall not be exceeded.
Tour Companies Are Transferred to
BSORGAUIZATION OF
THE FIBST INFANTEY
LOS ANGELES. April 19. -A broken rail
near the long 1 trestle near Piru station
caused another wreck on the new coast
route at 10 o'clock to-night. That no
lives were lost was, from the meager re
port received at this end of the line, due
more to grood luck than anything- else. As
it was, a number of passengers were
Lruipcd and scratched and seriously
shaken up.
The accident occurred to the daylight
limited shortly after it had passed
through Piru. The engineer had slowed
down fcr the trestle and a switch when
a rail snapped and the chair car and two
day eojierus jumped the track and turned
• ver on their sides. Every car was filled
with passengers. The engine and forward
r art of the train were on the trestle when
the accident occurred. Fortunately the
wrecked cars were -he last three on the
tra'.ri and* they stopped abruptly the in
fctant they left the track.
Notice of the accident was sent to head
quarters and at 10:30 o'clock a wrecking
train carrying a full crew and two rail
road surg-eon-5 left River Station under
full steam for the scene. The passengers
from the ditched coaches were crowded
into the forward coaches and an hour af
ter the accident the train resumed its
way to Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The C»U.
Crowded Coaches Jump the
Track and Turn Over
Upon Their Sides.
Passengers Injured in a
Wreck Near Piru
Station.
BROKEN RAIL
DITCHES TRAIN
SPLENDID HOSPITALITY OF SANTA BARBARA PREPARES FOR
THEM EVENTS WHICH WILL NOT PERMIT THE HOURS TO LAG
Excursions, Banquet, Ball and Reception Furnish Variety for
Week Which Has Ample Quota of Important Business in
::¦ Store for Delegates Coming From. All Parts of the State
NATIVE SONS ARE READY FOR GRAND PARLOR AND ALSO THE ATTENDANT FESTIVITIES
BRITISH CONSUL
IS QUARANTINED
Vessel Passed at Victoria
Carries Smallpox to
Port Townsend.
Officials Take Charge of the
Crew and the Captain's
Guests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TPWNSEND, April 19.— The Brit
ish steamship Caithness is at Diamond
Point quarantine station with seven of her
crew ill with smallpox, three of them be
ing in a critical condition. The Caithness
arrived here to-day from Japan, via Vic
toria, B. C-, having a clean bill of health
from the British authorities at Williams
head Station. When boarded by TJnited
States Quarantine Officer M. H. Foster
smallpox was found among the crew and
the vessel was. ordered to quarantine, to
gether with British Vice Consul Klocker
and Customs Inspector Lehr, who had
been permitted by the captain to board
the vessel ahead of the quarantine officer.
Three of the cases were well developd.
while the other four were in the first
stages of the dreaded disease.
After passing quarantine at Victoria th»
Caithness proceeded to Comax. B. C.
where she took on coal. While there her
crew mingled with people on the dock,
and at the coal bunkers there is an un
confirmed rumor that a convalescent pa
tient was landed at that place.
The action of the captain in allowing
any one to board the vessel ahead of the
quarantine officer is severely criticised,
and the British health officers at Victoria
are roundly denounced for their laxity.
The Caithness was Inspected on Tuesday
at Willlamshead and several of the cases
were well developed at that time. It is
said that one case broke out on the vessel
the day after sailing from Japan, nineteen
days ago. The attention of the Canadian
Government will be called to the matter
by the quarantine officer at this place.
FILES DAMAGE SUIT
AGAINST HIS SISTER
to "Railroad" Him to an
Asylum.
"Los Angeles Man, Alleges an Attempt
RICH STRIKE OF QUARTZ
NEAR MOKELTJMNB HILL
LOS ANGELES, April 19.— C. E. Huber,
an old resident of thi3 city and formerly
a real estate agent, has filed suit for
damages against F. S. Hicks and Eme-
Hne Childs. Complainant alleges that the
defendants instigated proceedings where
by he was declared insane and for seven
teen days confined in the County Jail and
hospital: that they were actuated by mal
ice and ill-will; that he was not insane, as
was established by a subsequent examina
tion, and that he has been damaged in
the sum of $20,000. The defendants are
Huber's sister and brother in law.
French, Hill Placer
Deposits.
Believed to Be the "Feeder" to the
MOKELUMNE HILIi, April 19.— An ex
ceedingly rich strike in quartz was ma<fe
on French Hill yesterday afternoon. ? The
quartz is nearly all gold, one small piece,
upon which there is scarcely any quaitz.
weighing more than three ounces. The
ledge, which was a blind one, is about
three feet in width and has every indica
tion of being permanent.
French Hill vr&a in early days one of the
richest placer 3pots in the West, and it is
believed that the "feeder" to these gravel
deposits has at last been found.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,: APRIL. 20, 1901.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE ORDER OF NATIVE SONS WHO WTLL, ASSEMBLE IN THE SOUTHERN CITY
BY THE SEA ON THE OCCASION OF THE TWENTY-FOURTH GATHERING OF THE GRAND BODY FOR
WORK AND SOCIABILITY;
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
CaT The Lar^ast Anatomical Museum in th? \
Yf 0 *' 4 Weaknesses or any contracted A
CE2 CM disease positive ly e »red t>» the oldest T
J»5> 3 1 Specialist on the Coast. Esl 36 y-ars. ©
&&£*h CB. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN J
I Clia'aS Coi»ult»tion free »nd strictly priirate. \
I itt$Z n TrnrIr - eI1 t personally or t>r letur. A A
R fj CJ » Pvntivt Cut* in every case undertaken. \
' I ll* ¦*¦¦«*«. NAILEO FKEB, (AT
(i ll' valuable book for men) * \
ok. joren as 4t co.. iosi Market at..s. F. r
K&W Cured While
Wv>X You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Or»n-8olTent"«l!ssolTe» Stricture 11*8 «n<nr b^
Death the sun, reduces Enlarged Prostate ani
ttrengttians the Seminal Ducts, (topping Drains 1*4
Emissions In Fifteen Days. „__ , «
No drags to rnln the stomach. bnt» direct looal
»n<t positive application totne entire nretaral tract.
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
Use form of Crarons or Pencils, smooth andflexlbl*
tad to narrcw as to pass the elosest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tte St James Assn.. Box 83«. Cincinnati, O«. dm
•roared at great expense an ejhaust- r n T T I
WelUustrated Treatise upon the male LULL!
Sitem. which to*» will mean to any T H f" £ •
- male applicant. ••¦*»»«¦¦
«T I IMPS! k^H 2SO ELM ST.,
91. JAME9 A33«., Cincinnati! Ohio.
To Cure ; a: Cold in • One ; Day.
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. 25c •
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1XV1GORA-
tor and Nervine. . , .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and 8peclal
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys «nd Bladder. Sells on Its own meritsL
>? ABER. ALFS & BRUME, Agents. "
233 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circular*. • '
Of a New Catarrh Cure.
A large and constantly increasing ma-
jority of the American people are catarrh
sufferers. This Is not entirely the result
of our changeable climate, but because
modern investigation has clearly proven
that many diseases, known by other
names, are really catarrh.. Formerly the
name catarrh -was applied almost exclu-
sively to the common nasal catarrh, but
the throat, stomach, liver, bladder, kid-
neys and intestines are subject to ca-
tarrhal diseases as well as the nasal pas-
Bapes.
. In fact, wherever there fs mucous mem-
brane there is a feedirtg ground for ca-
tarrh.
The usual remedies, inhalers, sprays,
douches or powders, have been practically
failures, as far as anything more than
temporary relief was concerned, because
ihey simply dry up the mucous secretions
without having the remotest effect upon
the blood and liver, which are- the real
sources of catarrhal diseases.
It has befen known for some years that
the radical cu»-e of catarrh could never
come from local applications, but from an
internal remedy, acting on the blood and
expelling the catarrhal poison from the
F.vstem.
A new internal preparation which has
b<?en on the market only a short time hits
met with remarkable success as a genu-
ine, radical cure for catarrh..
It mav be found in any drugstore, sold
under the name of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, large, pleasant tasting lozenges, com-
posed principally of antiseptic ingredients.
Eucalyptol. Gualacol, Sanguinaria, Hy-
drasiin and similar catarrh specifics.
Dr. Ainslee in epeaking of the new ca-
tarrh cure says: "I have tried the new ca-
tarrh remedy. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
upon thirty or forty patients with re-
markably E-atisfactory results. They clear
the head and Chroat more effectually and
lastingly than any douche or inhaler that
I have ever seen, and although they are
what is called a patent medicine and sold
liy <Jrtipgists, 1 do not. hesitate to recom-
mend them, as I know them to be free
from cccame and opiates, and that even a
little child may use them with entire
safety." '
Any sufferer from nasal catarrh, throat
or bronchial trouble, catarrh of the stom-
ach, liver or bladder, will find Sxuart's
Catarrh Tablets remarkably effective,
pleasant and convenient, and your drug-
gist will tell you they are absolutely free
from any injurious drug.
REMARKABLE SUCCESS
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
Spring Humors
of the Blood
Come to a large majority of people.
Probably 75 per cent of these are
cured every year by Hood's Sarsaoa-
rilla, and we hope by this advertise-
ment to get the other 25 per cent to talta
this great Spring Medicine.
It will sharpen your appetite, cur*
all stomach troubles, relieve that tired
feeling.
Its strength as a blood purifier If
demonstrated by its marvelous cures o!
Scrofula Salt Rheum
Scald Head Bolls, Pimples
All Kinds of Humor Psoriasis
Blood Poisoning Rheumatism
Catarrh Malaria, Etc
All of which are prevalent now.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Will do you a wonderful amount of
cood. Be sure ta get__Hoqd*arPictures at Half-Price.
Following our usual custom, during this
month we will close out a big lot of odd
framed pictures at exactly one-half price.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
GEAND JURY PROBES
THE CASE OF PATSICK
resumed - its v consideration to-day of the
Witness Tells of Having Disposed of
a Large Cfieck Given by Ac
cused Man.
NEW YORK, April 19.— The Grand Jury
WILSON CHARGED WITH -v
ASSAULT TO MXTBDER
SAX RAFAEL.. April 19.— Charles " R.
"Wilson voluntarily surrendered himself to
Constable Creed at Sausallto this after
noon, and was charged with assault to
murder. The complaint was- sworn to by-
James S. McCue, who alleges that "Wil
son intended for him the bullet that»-was
nred Into Benjamin Scouler's residence at
Corte. Madera on Tuesday evening.
Beady to Transmit Power.
WOODLAND, April 19.— The Bay Coun
ties Power Company will turn the electric
current on the line from Colgate to Oak
land to-morrow at 10 a. m. ;-.-. ¦-;;• ¦? ¦-. • . -,¦»
Six young ladles have learned the art of
belliinglng In the village of Bradfleld.
England. They "rang In" 1901 at the
church.
of some kind; we rarely take time to think cf
other things, and because we are too bufey for
It ourselves we let tlie newspapers make up
our minds for us. When acting collectively we
are liable to go off at half cock and are swept by
sudden waves of popular excitement like the
French". W* do bo many things In a hurry
that we often fall to do them thoroughly. We
come to think that pretty well Is good enough
—that veneer is better than solid mahogany,
looking Just as well and costing far less; that
a chromo is as good as the oil painting from
•which a casual plance doe* not distinguish it;
that a machine-made carpet is as good as the
rug from the looms of India; always the thing'
that has been done by wholesale by machinery
is just as good for practical people as the
thing r-atlcntly •wrought in every line to ln-
"WAGI1TG LEGAIi BATTLE .
FOR BIG CREEK WATER
Case of Hite vs. Madera Canal Com
pany Being Fought Foot by
Foot.
MARIPOSA, April 19.— In th© case of
John R. Hite versus the Madera Canal
and Irrigating Company, and the Sugar
Pine Company as intervenor, involving
title to the valuable Big Creek water
rights, the defense to-day moved for a
dismissal on the ground that John R.
Hite refused to subscribe and swear to a
deposition at San Francisco regarding im
portant facts in the case. Mr. Hite, while
plaintiff in the action, . had been sub
penaed as a witness for the defense.
Both sides argued the motion at great
length. It was overruled by Judge Cor
coran, and an exception was taken.
The Intervenor then ask«d for and was
granted permission to file an amendment
to its answer to the complaint. The plea
of the statute of limitation by the
venor was denied.
« Inspecting Soldiers' Homes.
LOS ANGELES, April 19.— The board of
managers of the National Soldiers' Homes
inspect the Santa Monica home, after
their private car. They will' thoroughly
inspect the Sanat Monica home, after
which they will proceed -northward. The
party, includes Generals McMahon. Se
wall, Franklin, Pearson, Anderson, Hen
derson, Brown and Patrick. Colonels
Mitchell, Steel and Cooke and Major Bon
sall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COPPEROPOLIS, April 19.— The love of
two men for a woman — a winsome moun
tain lass — was responsible last night for
as shocking a tragedy as any romancer
could conjure up. Maddened because Miss
Bessie Cobb of this place accepted the at
tentions of George MpCarty in preference
to his own, John H. Gorham lay In wait
for his rival and riddled his body with
bullets. Following the murder he com
mitted suicide by blowing himself to
shreds with an enormous charge of dyna
mite. Both men were prominent In this
locality and the Innocent cause -of their
estrangement, with its tragic sequel, is
one of the most popular young ladies of
Copperopolis.
Gorham was madly In love with MIsa
Cobb. whom McCarty was courting. Last
night the Dramatic Club held a meeting
and both McCarty and Gorham attended.
Gorham left the hall a half hour, in ad
vance of McCarty and J^lss Cobb, who
drove in a buggy to the young lady's
home. Arriving at the gate, McCarty
alighted and assisted Miss Cobb from the
buggy and bade her "Good night." As
she passed through the gate McCarty
started to .get into his buggy. . ,-¦
Gorham ¦was secreted close by. As Mc-
Carty mounted the steps of his vehicle
the assassin fired three times, one bullet
taking effect in his victim's back. Mc-
Carty ran and Gorham ¦ pursued him.
When about 400 yards from the scene of
the first shooting they grappled. McCarty
was weak from loss of blood and Gorham
broke away from him and emptied his re
volver, two bullets takings. effect in Me-
Carty's right side, killing him instantly.
Gorham threw his pistol down and ran
to an old, vacant house, where he had
some dynamite in readiness. Placing the
dynamite upon the floor, he lighted the
fuse and fell with his stomach across the
cartridge, -which exploded and tore him
to shreds. - .
Both young men belonged to the Odd Fel
lows here. Gorham " was foreman of the
Union Copper Mine and McCarty a well
to-do sheep raiser.
John H. Gorham Murders
His Rival at Oop
peropolis.
D— — EL. MONTE, April 19.— The meet
ing of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association was brought
. to a close this morning. Several
of the more important questions
were decided at this closing session, prob
ably the most vital being the abolishing
of colonist excursions. Action was taken
concerning the special rate which has
been offered by the northern lines to off
set that -for the Epworth League conven
tion In San Francisco in July. The rail
roads that terminate in San Francisco
were anxious that the Northern Pacific,
the Great Northern and the Canadian Pa
cific withdraw the special rate, which is
$45 from St. ,Paul to Portland and Puget
Sound ports 'during the convention. The
managers of the northern lines claimed
that a special rate had been offered to
the Epworth Leaguers and unless they
offered some inducement they would lose
business. They gained their point and
will sell their tickets at a cut rate, but
passengers will have to return East over
the northern lines and there will be no
TRAGEDY CLOSES
FEUD OF LOVERS
At the meeting held here to-day it was
decided between the Southern Pacific and
the Santa Fe that in the future there
would be no cutting of rates, but that
the two roads — and, in fact, all of the
transcontinental lines that are in the as
sociation—will stand together and each
take a percentage of the business. This
will stop the cutting that has marked the
obtaining of Government contracts in the
past. The first detachment of sailors will
arrive In San Francisco by the middle of
July.
No Cutting of Hates.
The Government has sent circulars to
all railroad companies Inviting bids for
the transportation of sailors who have
been recruited in the Bast and that are
to go to Manila to relieve the sailors that
have been stationed there for a consider
able period. At the present' time, and un
til June 30. the Santa Fe holds the con
tract for the transportation of all naval
business. Bids for the new contract must
be filed before May 6.
interchange of tickets via San Francisco.
This Is the only step the roads that ter-,
minate in San Francisco can take in re
taliation.
The railroad men do not take kindly to
colonist rates. There are two more ex
cursions to arrive in San Francisco— on
April 23 and 30— and these will close the
colonist business. The argument that the
railroad men put forward is that few act
ual colonists take advantage of the rate.
They say that well-to-do people put their
pride into their pockets, buy a colonist
ticket and ride under false colors. Down
deep it is a slap in the face for the North
ern Pacific Railroad. -This line is not a
member of the Transcontinental Passen
ger Association. It receives more benefit
from the colonist rate than does any other
line,, and being anxious to .build up the
population along its tracks it considers
this the best means.
Transportation, of the Bead.
At the meeting to-day the question of
shipping bodies, by express was brought
up. Some of the members of the asso
ciation were anxious to induce the com
panies to transport the dead. in this way.
They . failed, however, as there is an im
mense revenue from California to the
East in this branch of the passenger ser
viqe. The same rule will be enforced as
Ir. the past; a ticket for the corpse and
one for the escort must be bought on the
shipment of a body to the East.
At present the Canadian Pacific is the
most generous to missionaries. It makes
a rate of $30 75 for all clergy traveling
from Chicago to its terminus on the Pa
cific Coast. To-day the San Francisco
routes were asked to make the same rate,
but the motion was lost, and the clergy
will continue to pay $36 25 from Chicago to
San Francisco.
The question . of uniform baggage rates
has been referred to the next meeting of
the association.
Before the adjournment a vote of thanks
was extended the management of the Ho
tel ' del Monte for the service that has
been rendered the association. This after-*
noon a number of railroad men in coaches
and brakes took the seventeen-mile drive.
Most of the members left this evening for
San Francisco, a few remaining, however,
to hold private conferences in reference
to transportation matters.
Potts is a new witness. He testified at
the hearing in the magistrate's court that
on the day - following the death of Rice
Patrick had given him a check for $25,000,
made out to him by the millionaire, which
had been certified by the Fifth-avenue
Trust- Company. Potts deposited it in
the Chatham National Bank in trust for
Patrick, but he said to-day that he had
taken the. check out since and handed It
to the administrator of the Rice estate.
dividual beauty by a trained and .beauty-loving
Intelligence.
Do not those superficial defects which our
critics glibly enumerate go deeper? Has there
not been a. constant tendency develODed by
democratic Institutions thus, far everywhere. In
ancient times as well as in our own, to level
down, sometimes to pare off individuality in
character and action; often to resent and pull
down superiority, to encourage mediocrity and
article of true democratic faith that medioc
rity is equal to the best and just as good?
Naturally this tendency which a Republic gen
erally seems to develop will lead to treating
men not as individuals but In great masses. It
thus Invades the field of education and con
verts the noblest work confided to man, the
molding, one might almost say the very crea
tion of Individual character into high pressure
arrangements for the production of scholars
by wholesale — into schemes to shape and manu
facture characters and lives like chromos or
carpets by machinery.
If the best education for a republic should
tend to counteract the defects it develops, and
ro elevate and strengthen It for a long and
successful life, is it not clear that we jshall
do better with less wholesale processes, that
our effort must be to exert Individual influence
upon the individual youth to be trained, with
reference to his individual wants, and that If
changes are to occur It -is betters colleges we
want instead of bigger ones?
More Individual Attention.
I plead for a system that would put the
most Into one's life, rather than for that
which enables one quickest to begin life and
earn a living. The plea for the former in
volves no disparagement or the latter. It, too,
lias Its place, supremely important in the past.
highly Important still and always. But let
us not deceive ourselves as to proportions and
values. It Is not the highest. To make a
life full, rounded, with balanced character and
Eerenity' of Judgment, with trained capacities
for the highest work, the highest appreciation,
the fullest and purest enjoyment, that Is a
greater thing- than to make a living'.
Unless these observations have wholly missed
their purpose they must now have led your
minds at least to consider if not to accept
two propositions, which seem to me to sum
up the next advances for American colleges
and universities. They need now to give
more Individual attention to the individual
pupil, and they need to lead him on paths to
the best learning for the best life, rather than
merelr for the quickest business or profes
sional success. The first proposition does not
point to big colleges; and the second does not
point to university development exclusively on
the lines thus far most In favor. Bigger col
leges must mean less Individual influence on
the eager, immature mind; the specialization
most in favor in our universities Is that which
leads to ways to make a living, and while
no one could want less of that, the highest
education must give more of something else.
The lecturer dwelt on the advantages of
the old college training In the humanities,
philosophy, mathematics and science as
a preparation for advanced education, and*
continued: " '
It is to the hlg-h duty of perpetuating and
enlarKlng that exalted type we have the risrht
to summon our ; institutions of tho most ad
vanced learning. We demand from them the
combination of exact knowledge and ripe re
flection that malces the scholar: the 'combina
tion of right thinking and right living that
makes the g-entleman. There you have the
greatest possibility of your colleges and uni
versities, the consummate flower of your edu
cational system, the inspiration, and guide of
progress, the safeguard of society, the orna
ment and defense of the republic
This collegiate course was the best basis for
the higher learning,, the best systems the
eighteenth and nineteenth centuries had to of
fer. It Is the best basis still as we turn to
the wider and better attainments the twenti
eth century has to offer. It has formed for
generations of our race, the badge of the best
title any of the race have ever worn in any
land or can ¦wear— the proud title of 6cholar
and gentleman.
FIXES RESPONSIBILITY
FOB SEBIOUS COLLISION
Admiralty Court I>ecides the Empress
of Japan Fouled the Bark
Aibbe Palmer.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 19.— An ad
miralty court, composed of Justice Martin,
Deputy Judge in Admiralty, and two
naval officers, to-day gave judgment for
the owners of the bark Abbe Palmer In
the suit brought by them for damages
arising out of the collision between that
ship and the Canadian Pacific steamship
Empress of Japan in the Straits of Fuca
several months ago. The court decided
that the officers of the Empress were en
tirely to blame for the collision. The
amount of damages will be assessed by
the Registrar and two merchants ac
quainted with shipping.
¦ .¦ *^
She Did Not Vote Illegally.
DENVER, April 19.— Mrs. M. A. Rad
cliffe was exonerated to-day from the sus
picion of having voted illegally at the city
election on April 2. Justice Hynes, alter
hearing all the evidence in the case, dis
missed the complaint.
HEED OF A HIGHER EDUCATION THEME OF WH1TEUW REiD'S ADDRESS
BLAME CHINESE
FOR TIE BLAZE
Allies Seeking Perpe
trators of Palace
Burning.
French Forces Move on Gen
eral Lu, but Battle
Not Likely.
Continued from First Page.
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. CopyrlEht, 1901. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
By Stephen Bonsai.
PEKING. April 19.— Owing to the ex
citement caused by the burning of the
Imperial palace, all sorts of rumors are in
circulation regarding tho origin of the
catastrophe. Nothing is yet known with
any degree of definiteness, but already
the -outbreak is ascribed in many quar
ters to the Chinese. It is, consequently,
feared that the disaster may have politi
cal results unless the mystery is speedily
explained.
The ruin of the palace of the Empress
is complete, and it was not until late
this morning that the flames could be got
under control. Count von Waldersee,
who was hauled out through a window of
his asbestos house in the palace court
yard only a minute before it collapsed like
tin foil, has all day been receiving con
gratulations from the international mili
tary and diplomatic representatives as
sembled here. Of sll his outfit and docu
ments. Count von Walciersee saved only
one article — his Marshal's staff, which was
a gift from the Emperor. General
Schwartzkopf . sacrificed his life by en
endeavoring to save some of the marshal's
valuable papers.
It is noteworthy that the French sol
diers who distinguished themselves so
brilliantly In fighting the names were
commanded by Colonel Marchand, the
most popular of French officers. It has
long been a common saying here that
Colonel Marchand' s men would follow
him through fire and water. They proved
the truth of the statement in splendid
style last night.
Progress of the French.
Dr. Mumm von Schwartzenstein, Ger
man Minister to China, in order to allay
the excitement here and doubtless abroad,
has made a statement to me. He declares
that the expedition under General von
Lessel, now proceeding westward from
Paotingf u . does not contemplate the in
vasion of Shansi.
"The facts," said Dr. Mumm von
Schwiirtzeiisteln, "are these: General Lu,
with an undetermined, number of troops,
is intrenched In neutral ground where, by
agreement, no troops were to remain. His
position commands the Shansi passes and
further menaces ours. We believe that
General Lu has been ordered to withdraw
by the Chinese authorities, and we are
only proceeding against him because it is
Imperative. Unless General Lu gives bat
tle and in consequence active operations
on our part become a military necessity,
there will be no invasion of Shansi."
Chinese Expected to Flee.
Dr. Mumm von Schwartzenstein referred
to the fact that the French troops are
now within ten miles of the Chinese posi
tion and the Germans axe coming up
fast. A strong impression prevails here
that the Chinese will not await their ar
rival.
LONDON, April 20.— "There are vers'
strong indications," says the Shanghai
correspondent of the Morning Post, "that
the Japanese Government proposes to put
itself at the head of the reform movement
in China in order to overthrow the Man
chu dynasty, which It considers bound
hand and foot by Russia."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. April 19.— The prep
arations now In progress for the Grand
Army celebration in this city point to one
of the largest and most successful en
campments in the history of the depart
ment cf California and Nevada. The af
fair is to be notable for two reasons, the
chief of which is the visit of 1 the Presi
dent of the United States and the second,
that a larger attendance than ever be
fore is expected. Many posts will not only
send delegates, but will attend in a body,
and some veterans' organizations' that
have never beeii represented at a depart
ment encampment on this coast will send
delegations. The accommodations of » both
this city and Monterey, it is expected, will
be taxed to the utmost during the last
two days — the days on which President
McKinley will be present.
Some radical changes in the programme
have been made, notably the abolishment
of that supposedly necessary accompani
ment to all fraternal gatherings of tho
kind— a parade. It was first intended to
have a military and civic parade, with
floats and floral carriages, and the Presi
dent was to have reviewed this pageant.
Owing to the difficulty in choosing a time
at once agreeable to the President and
convenient to the participating organiza
tions. It was decided to abandon' this fea
ture entirely.
The present programme is that Troop
C, National Guard of California, of Sa
linas will g<£ to Hotel del Monte on the
afternoon of the 11th, meet the Presiden
tial party and act as escort of honor to
Pacific Groye. Here a deputation of vet
erans will escort President McKinley into
the Assemblv Hall, where a closed ses
sion of the veterans will be held. After
ward the President will appear on the
balcony of El Carmelo Hotel and say a
few words to the assembled people. '
The remainder of the four days' pro
gramme will not be changed, except in
minor details.
Ostentation Will Be Lacking
in the Reception of the
President.
VETERANS PLAN
WARM WELCOME
,
McKinley to Be .Guest
of Honor at Their
Encampment.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., April 19.-Sy
brant Wessellus of this city, a member
of the executive committee of the Ameri
can Transvaal League, to-day received
the following letter from Montagu White,
American representative of the Trans
vaal :
NEW YORK CITY. April IS.— Dear Sir: In
reply to your inquiry as to 'the rumors about
President Kruger and Mr. Wolmarena counsel
ing surrender. I bee to inform you that thero
is absolutely no foundation for such ridiculous
reports.
Both the President and Mr. "Wblmarena, as
well as, the other advisers In Europe, are
strongly opposed to any settlement involving
a surrender of liberty or independence. Still
less would they counsel surrender, because time
is the very essence of the situation.
Reports from General Botha and the other
fighting generals as late as the beginning of
February were encouraging, and Indicate that
unless a settlement Is effected the war will be
of long continuance. Even the special cor
respondent of the London Times estimates that
it will last another year. The burghers ar«
carefully husbanding their ammunition, of
which they still have a generous eupply, and
there is no dearth of food, while the men in
the field are by this time almost seasoned
veterans.
Spirit of Determination.
The spirit of determination to continue ths
struggle is indomitable. With regard to the
objection urged by some friends that further
demonstrations in favor of the Boers are use
less because they achieve no definite result.
I beg- to protest most strongly against such an
assumption, because I am quite convinced that
the indirect effects of such demonstrations ars
beneficial to the Boer cause. They are also
a source of disquietude to the British and all
tend to influence the public mind in the direc
tion of ending the war. It is, however, neces
sary that due publicity should be given to such
meetings.
I cannot too strongly urg» our friends to
treat the various rumors detrimental to tho
Boer cause with suspicion. The absurd reports
about Dewet going insane and the Boers be
ing hopeless should be dismissed at once.
Yours faithfully. MONTAGU "WHITE.
Honors for British Officers.
LONDON, April 20.— The list of officers
accorded promotions and honors for ser
vices in South Africa prior to November
29, 1900, when Lord Roberts gave up the
command of the British forces In South
Africa, fill sixteen pages of the Gazette.
Lord Kitchener, General Buller, General
Forestier-Walker and General White are
made Knights of the Grand Cross of St.
Michael and St. George; General Kelly-
Kenney, General Sir Archibald Hunter,
General Kitchener, a brother of Lord
Kitchener, and General Lyttleton are
made lieutenant generals; General Pole-
Carew, General French. General Ian Ham
ilton, General Charles E. Knox, General
Sir William Nicholson, General *Arthur 3.
Wynne, General Charles W. H. Douglass,
General Smith-Dorrien. General F. W.
Kitchener, the Earl of Dundonald; Gen
eral Arthur Paget and General Bruce
Hamilton are made major generals; Col
onel Robert G. Broadwood and Lieuten
ant Colonels Hert Plumer and Thomas
Pllcher are among those created extra
aides de camp to King Edward. The offi
cers thus promoted have been holding the
acting ranks to which they are now ap
pointed.
Among the Knights Commander of tho
Bath are Rear Admiral Clarke, Lord Me
theun. Lieutenant General Charles Tuck
er,.. General Pole-Carew, Colonel "W. G.
Knox, Brigadier General Hector McDon
ald, General French, Major General Hlld
yard. General Ian Hamilton, General
Charles E. Knox and Brigadier General
Brabant.
Among the Companions of the Bath are
General Baden-Powell, Lieutenant Colonel
Broadwood, Lieutenant Colonel Kekewich
and Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Pllcher.
Among those appointed Knights of the
Grand Cross of St. Michael and St. George
are also Lieutenant General Sir Francis
Clery, Lieutenant General Rundle, Major
General Prettyman, Surgeon General Wil
son and Lieutenant Colonel Gereuard.
Lieutenant Generals Brackenbury "and
Clarke were appointed Knights of the
Grand Cross of the Bath.
Treatment of Buller.
The Daily Express, in the course of an
editorial on the military honors and pro
motions, complains that Sid Redvera Bul
ler has been treated with marked Injus
tice, adding:
"It is said that Lord Roberts strove
hard to secure more proper recognition
for him, but Mr. Broderick resolutely re
fused to admit that General Buller had
any claims."
All the morning papers express grati
fication at the ample share awarded to
the colonials in the military honors.
The Sun yesterday, confirming the re
port that the peace negotiations between
Lord Kitchener and the Boer generals
have been renewed, suggests that some
thing is likely to be effected during Sir
Alfred Milner's absence. The paper also
says the Government Is divided as to who
will fill Sir Alfred fclilner's place. Mrs.
Botha Is again acting as a go-between.
Declares Republicans Have
Plenty of Supplies and
Energy to Fight
Montagu White' Writes
a Most Encouraging
Letteiv V;
BOERS ARE NOT
READY TO QUIT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 19.— England # 3
new taxes imposed to meet the heavy
charges growing out of tho Boer war. may
prove beneficial to American exporters.
It -Is not believed that the import duty
to be imposed on sugar will affect trade
between the United States and the United
Kingdom in any way. Experts of the
Treasury Department, however, believe
that the United States will profit to some
degree by the imposition of an export
duty of one shilling per ton ¦ on coal
shipped out of the United Kingdom.
Products of the American coal mines have
been gradually making their way into new
markets for several years past, and it is
believed that in many places the present
margin of cost In favor of British coal as
against that from America is less than
one shilling per ton, and that the imposi
tion of this tax, with the consequenc in
crease In the cost of British coal, will lead
consumers to buy- American coal. The
largest increase is expected in those mar
kets which are relatively nearer to the
United States than to Great Britain, but
some increase may be expected in exports
to Continental Europe.
Tendency Toward Protection.
• Tho imposition of- an import tariff on
sugars with a differential of two shillings
and two pence between refined sugar and
sugars testing 76 degrees is looked upon
here as a step in the direction of protec
tion, as It Is believed that this differ
ential is. great enough to afford consid
erable encouragement to British refiners.
This may lead to a reduction in imports
of refined sugar into the United Kingdom,
but as refined sugar Is not an article of
export from the United States American
trade will not be affected by this. The
United Kingdom took from the United
States last year ' 202,366,855 pounds of glu
cose, 2,874,606 gallons of molasses and
8,279,241 gallons of syrup. It is hot*be
lieved that the trade in these articlesrsvill
be affected materially by the tax. ?
'Secretary of the Treasury Gage Is not
disposed to believe that the new taxes
will affect American trade with the
United Kingdom to any material degree.
He doubts whether the export duty on
coal is large enough to give American
coal any great advantage in competing
markets.
War Loan Measure Passes.
LONDON, April 19.— The House of Com
mons adopted the war loan resolution by
a vote of 186 to 117. The Chancellor of the
Exchequer,' Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, In
the House to-day confirmed the report
that he was considering exempting from
duty all coal contracts made prior to
April 18. A committee of the Cobden Club
met to-night and. resolved to open agita
tion against the sugar and coal taxes.
Replying' to a deputation of members
representing the coal r interests, Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach consented to an ar
rangement enabling the coal exporters to
execute contracts, pending a decision as
to what amount of the, duties would be
refunded. The executive council of the
Mining Association of Great Britain, rep
resenting all the colliery districts in the
United Kingdom, has unanimously passed
a resolution to the effect that the new ex
port duty on coal will most seriously in
jure the principal exporting district, and
that It will react seriously to. the preju
dice of the entire trade of the country.
English Coal and Sugar Ex
porters Have Many Ob
jections.
Britain's High Taxes
Must Advantage Un
cle Sam.
AMERICA WILL
REAP A PROFIT
NO MORE EXCURSIONS OF COLONISTS
FROM EASTERN STATES TO CALIFORNIA
Transcontinental Passenger Association Abandons This Branch of Reduced
Rates on the Ground That Well-to-Do Travelers Constantly Take Ad
vantage of the Privileges Intended for Intending Settlers Only
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL,^ATURDAY, APRIL 20, 19O1.
SCENES AND FACES AT THE
GATHERING OF THE PASSEN
GER ASSOCIATION.
charge of murder against Albert T. Pat
rick, who is accused of having: caused the
death of William M. Rice. The principal
witness of the day was Charles F. Jones,
former valet and secretary of the dead
man. Other witnesses in the Grand Jury.
room were Charles Wetherbee, the clerk
In Swenson & Sons, bankers; Professor
Witthaus, and John B. Potts, a friend of
Patrick. • r
3
I efS I Standard remedy for Gleet, yr*-^y
A3^6J Con'orrhoea zni Runnings |u»»y/|
IN 48 HOURS. Cares Kid- (fiUUI J
>3j ney and Bladder Troubles. >w<
gp» CHfCKESTER'S CNGUSH
y-fSJtSS&Jl *» CHKiHESTEK-S ESGLISH
/vS^-'i^evN in KEI> mad Gold metallic bore*. >nl«il
"k —^M w«th Mae rlbtam. Tske ro atlier. ZlefBM
"M *J* •*•>!* I»Birort>B* fSobult ctlortu m4 Iretta.
\~ I ~~ fw tUm*. Eu? of your I)roK5itt. or »cotf 4c. in
I W jjf «»n»P» «»r Particular*. Testimonials
I 9* Li and -'Relief tr-r I.adlek.'tn Utrar,t- re
_^k if turn aialL. I'l.OnnTnUmouili. Soid bj
1 «nDrogii«u. Ctitrhft-r Chemical Co,
Uesueu thli ptptr. MadJsa a r-g «are, PHI LJU VJL.
The woman who knows the full valne
of health is the woman who has lost it
and regained it ; the woman who from
being weak and sickly is once again
made a strong woman. Half a million
weak and sickly
women have been Wfi£>
made ftronsr and
well by the'aid of y-P^P^*
Dr. Pierce and his
"Favorite Prescrip- yv (§ey
tion." It cures the t_r^5^
ills which weaken jf&IL
tromea. It regu- {yT*?/ S^ 1 '
lates the periods, f I^V S£9
dries enfeebling &aai
drains, heals in- gi»-'g^g^g^
flammation and til-
ceration, and cures Jg^^Jigip^ s3
female -weakness. g^EsSSt fjjjg/
It nourishes the SSjasgg^x mr
nervousness. It / E^ny* wgjgy
promotes a healthy ibjSjESSiS,. k
appetite and in- fc^^i^g&cfri
duces refreshing jgSSgSaa
" I had female tremble K^^y L\ A
for eight years." writes SS5&£3$ W\
Mrs. L. J. Dennis, of / 3S2i3| \\\
£28 Eist College Street, / „ VIA \\\
tacksonville. His. / cr t. \K 111
"Words cannot ex- / IB? | \ 1
press what I suffered. 1 1 — tV _1 \ 1
I sought relief among I , - /V^LU
the medical Profes-lS f^£V$TOl
sion and found none\J£ I
Friends ursjed me toV/
try Dr. Pierce's Fa- %^C^V^5>
vorite Prescription. / #*J./iuC/-'
When I commenced 1 ,
taking this medicine \^^^^^^
\ZZg*%™r££* one hundred «d: fifty-
six pounds-more than I erer weighed before
I was so bad I would lie from day to day and
lon-r for death to coaie and relieve my suffer-
in*- I had internal inflammation, a disagree-
able drain, bearing-down pain, and sucH distress
<rverv month, but now I never have a pain-<io
all ray own work and am a strong and healthy
woman."
Use Dr. Pierre's Pleasant Pellets with
"Favorite Prescription »_if the bowels
ere inactive or irregular.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAFE CURE '\&"^'ir' * vS^fc V Icl ' •vi»» ~^^^^^ .^^ BACKACHE ssd
CURES BIUOUSNESS. . ''^S^sJ»^S \%^. - ' lit HEADACHE CUEED.
. 594 Euclid AveV YW ; *»' fff l&Ll./'^' 1143 Oaidale ATe.r
.Cleteland, Ohio, Dec. 31,1900.. >JNv YfcV \ Iff Sjr Iffiwaniee. WIs. Nor. B. 1900.
Warner's Safe Cnre Co., Bochester, N. T. \\ ? Iff Warner's Sato Cnre Co.. Bochester, N. T.
Gentlemen :-^-Bef ore trylnir your medictee I suffered X^. ' '' f>f- ' GvaHewieni— Last Bprtag I contracted & severe eold
frequently with biliousness accompanied by severe headaches., v\ // ~^^*/^-' whlca I neglected to my sorrow. It settled in my Hdaers pro-
go that I had to go to bed and stay there two or three days at a* \\ //• ' >^>^ dudng Inflammation, witn severe backache and continual headaefce.
time, but since I have used Warner's Safe Cure my entire system ' \\ If S.S We bad a part of a bottle of Warner's Safe Cure In toe noose which
seems to have undergone a complete change. Hy blood Is In line con- . I f my brother had been using and I tried It. To my surprise I began to mend
dltlon, my nerves are steady and my headaches completely gone. I am Indeed - / f/^^^ ray rapl^T* * *«* »*econd bottleand aOnrd and kept on lmprovm* until at
most grateful to have known of your wonderful medicine and I gladly give tt '/ r^^ end ot nre w " to J was ent^ ely rec0T " red -
CPres., Ohio State Travellers Club.) * Mrs. H. PETTTBOITE. . ; _ (Secretary. Floral Clnb.) Mls» EOSALI2 T. TKLT.TB.
COMPLETELY CURED. OF iBLALARIA.t / THE WORLD LOOKS BRIGHT.
. . '.'¦_¦ - -t Poplcr Bloff, Mo., Sept 30 1900. ¦ * 12 North Are., Aurora, ma.. Jan. 1301.
Warner's Safe Cnre Co., Rochester, N. T. Warner's Safe Cnre Co.; Bochester, N. T.
Gentlemen :— Last Fall I suffered severely with malaria*' causing me . to lose my Gentlemen :— To the dyspeptic everything looks dark and the sun shines only through a fog.
appetite and sleep. ' -' ¦_ - v\+ T £- 8nch was my experience about a year ago, I thought that I would never spend another per-
¦ One of my lady friends had been cured by Safe, Care and advised me to try It and I . f ectly well day. Five bottles of .Wai-no's Safe Cure has made the world look new and bright
began at once to take It according to directions. ~~ : -" ;•"=', " for It has completely cured me and X would not have been without It for] any stun of money. ¦
It affords me great pleasure to testify to the complete cure which accompanied Its use and- Thanks seem so weak to express my feelings, yon have my eternal gratitute also.
I heartily recommend It to anyone for malaria. • . . S - . . ' Mrs. EMMA YOUNG.
• - ' - ¦ fe^jflg^iv-'- •• :- ¦*. r Tours truly, •_-'¦'"¦'•-
\ (Prest* Poplar Bluff Uterary Woman's Club.) • n>A WILSON. % " _ c 8r. Vice-Pres., Lincoln Circle No. 2, Ladles of the Grand Army"of the Republic.OLYMPIC WRESTLERS AT WORK. IN THE TOP PICTURE McCULLOUGH, HEAVY-WEIGHT, HAS SLIPPED OUT
OF A- THREE-QUARTERS NELSON! THE MIDDLE PICTURE SHOWS MILWARD BRIDGING, AND THE
BOTTOM GEORGE MIEHLING IN THE ARMS OF McCULLOUbH. -' . ' . .
Low Kates— Improved Service.
$10 35, San Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage, including meals and
berth. Only ! twenty-six hours ! en route.
Steamer Santa Rosa or Queen from
Broadway . wharf . every. Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office -4 - New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel. > =
High SchooLRelay.
During the field day at Berkeley this
afternoon there will be a relay race be
tween five picked men from the Oakland
and Berkeley high schools. A challenge
from Berkeley for a race was promptly
accepted by Oakland. During the Jast
Academic Athletic League field day a
Berkeley man fell in the relay race. Oak
3and won. but Berkeley believes she can't
do • it again. Oakland - thinks ¦ differently.
A close, fast race is expected.
Williams Beats Lavelle.
DENVER, April. 19.— Morgan Williams
of Victor, Col., put. out Jack Lavelle of
Butte, Mont., to-night in the first round of
what was scheduled to be a ten-round
go before the Colorado Atl:ietic Associa
tion. A left on the point -ot the jaw did
the work.- Both men -neighed in at 152
pounds at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
Johnny Reiff Wins.
LONDON. April ID.— At the first day's
racing at Derby to-day the Doveridjfi
handicap plate of 600 sovereigns for i
year-olds and upward, at one mile, wa-s
won by J. R. Rowaon's Ichl Ban wth
Johnny Reiff up. ilr. F. Hardv's St
Beurre came in second and Sir S Lock
bardfs Fium* third. Twelve • horses ran
Handball Contests.
At', the. San Francisco handball courts
the following matches will be played : on
Sunday: .. ; ; •
Ed White and G. B. Hayward vs: F. W.
Stapff and C. LaKln; P. Ryan and-D. Connelly
vs. W. Fisher, and M." Joyce; 'M. Dillon and
G. Hutchinson vs. E. Maloney and P.; Kelly;
A. McVicker and T. Leach vs." J. Condon and
T. Foley; N. J. Prendergast and.E. McDon
ough vs. J. .'R. • Bockman and D. . J. Sheehan :
J.'Glynh.and T. Serres vs. A. Whiteman and
Eugene White; G. McDonald and P. Mclntyre
vs. M.. McNeil and D. Rogers ; "J.. Har low and
M_ J Kilgallon.vs. R. Slurphy and E.~ Cnrley;
J. - C - Noalon and A." Hampton "-, vs. J. "White
and, J. Collins. . ' " _- ; -
Cricket Season to' Open.
The opening match of the cricket season
of 1901 will be .played to-morrow on the
sfouncl at Webster street, Alameda, be
tv/een teams representing those old-time
antagonists, the Alameda • and Pacific
clubs. The Pacific eleven. will be cap
tained by H. C. Casidy and will be chosen
frcm the following: John Myers, C. P.
Coles, George Theobald, A. W.- Wilding,
J. J. Theobald, W. H. Henderson, D.
Jamieson, W. Jamieson, W. McDonald,
G. Wiseman, L. H. Sandilands and T. J.
A. Tiedemann. The Alameda eleven will
be captained by the veteran R. B. Hogue,
and will be selected from the following: J.
H. Saunders. J. J. Moriarty, V. Seebeck. F.
J. Croll. G. V. Croll, Harold Ward. W. G.
Fortmann, G. J. Baugh, F. Stahl, W. Rich
ter and P. E. McLean. *
The Lakeport Cricket Club held its an
nual meeting on the tenth of April, and
decided to stay in the California Cricket
Association, choosing Charles M. Ham
mond and R. S. Rodman as delegates to
that body. - -< .
P. D. Gellatly Has been chosen secretary
of the Santa Cruz County Cricket Club in
the place of E. F. Hilton. -
FISHERMEN AT
WORK ON THE
COAST STREAMS
Walter R, Welch, the Fish
and Game Warden of Santa
Cruz County, Writes Re
garding Angling Conditions
Walter R. Welch, Fish and Game War
den of Santa Cruz County, writes an in
teresting letter about fishing in his vicin
ity. • He says: " ." '¦ ' -. .
"Trout fishing in . the < streams is very
good now. ; The trout are taking the fly
well. I got some very nice ones in Soqus!
last Friday on midget files and there. nas
been several very .good catches; made in
the streams here. "I, lost two Wilson
spoons to-day on large 'fish in Socruel.' I
saw 'a great many nice trout in the Sail
Lorenzo . River a few Jays ago rising to
the fly, but I was not equipped and 'di«l
not try for them. I am sure good baskets
can be made there and in the Soquel. The
water is very clear and it rectuires care
ful fishing and small flies. I have' been
using Nos;' 14 and" 16. ' Some -very nice
baskets of trout -of good size have been
brought in from '.Warden, and Scott
Creeks., I have net been over there myself
since the season opened, but I understand
the water is in good shape.- There is no
reason ' why a ¦ careful angler should I not
make good catches from. ¦ any of - these
streams in a day. ' ,
bert E. Law from lapsing, an association
of yacht' owners will.be formed to hold
races for the cups.
- "I caught many handsome trout in ona
hour from the time I left the house and
returned. Sunday is a ba<3 day, in any
of the streams like tbe Soauel, as there
are so many people on them, the crowd
disturbs the stream, so that one can not
take many fish with ** fiv."
g Messrs. Vogelsang, 'iould and Dr. Ver
non went to the MeClor.d on Thursday
last and will return on Monday. They will
fish in the vicinity of Baird ' . " .
The Fisli Commission reports from their
spawning stations show 580,000 eggs at
Bird Eye, 450,000 at T.ihoe, and about 500,
000 at Cottonwood and Shovsl Creek. • The
eggs taken at these stations will be
hatched and the fish distributed in pub
lic streams, beginning in August.
• There . were about twe:itv-three . or
twenty-four : boat3 out in the slousfa on
High street, Alameda. Jast Sunday, but
few catches of bass were reDorted. This
was very disappointing because "A. W.
Wilson had taken fifteen on Thursday
last and seven on Frlda'%
The supply of stripod bass in the mar
kets is In excess of any previous time at
this season of the vear. The fish are
coming from, all points, showing that they
are. very generally- distributed and the
prospects of fishing are veiy good at all
points. . .
At 9 o'clock this morning on the courts
of the California Lawn Tennis Club, at
Bush and Scott streets, the annual inter
collegiate tennis tournament will be play
ed. Three men— Harry Wiehe, Dick Ad
ams and William Roth— will represent the
cardinal, while the blue and gold will
have but two representatives to whom
It will pin its faith. Paul Selby and Drum
mond McGavin will represent California
in both singles and doubles. All five plav
ers are experienced men, having put in
many years on the courts. Wiehe. Adams
and McGavin received their tennis educa
tion at the California Tennis Club of
which organization they have been ac
tive members for at least five years. Paul
Selby has played for about ten vears,
but most of his practice has been* done
across the bay. William Roth of Hono
lulu has had less experience than any of
the other men, but has played a great
deal in the islands, where he was once
champion in singles.
It has been definitely decided that Selby
will play Wiehe Instead of Roth, and the
latter will be pitted against McGavin.
This arrangement is more satisfactory in
fvery way. as both singles events will be
very close. Had the matches ' remained
as they were at first each college would
have undoubtedly won a singles match,
and thus the only real match of the day
would have been the doubles. " •" ¦ ¦ " - "
The. match between Wiehe and Selby
will be the most important of the day, as
they are the two best players of the five.
The Question of supremacy between these
two will at least be settled. The odds are
slightly in favor of Wiehe.
The match between Roth pnd McGavin
will be very close and it -would be a diffi
cult matter to say who will win. In dou
bles Wiehe and Adams are slight favor
ites, owing, to. their superior team work
Wiehe is a tower of strength in doubles
Stanford has been the victor in the last
two intercollegiate meets and seems to
have a slight advantage this year.
COLLEGE MEN OUT
FOR TENNIS HONORS
Bench Show Notes.
The San Francisco Kennel Club office
at 14 Post street already begins to take
on the similitude of dogdom by reason of
the many inquiries which are made by
prospective exhibitors, many of whom
bring their pets with them for the judg
ment of Clerk Laidlaw. Indications are
that the non-sporting classes will be by
far the largest and finest ever shown in
San Francisco.
Charles K. Harley is to show a kennel
of fox terriers, in which will be his no
table winner. Klickitat.
Secretary Norman announces that In
the cocker spaniel class the weight limit
has been increased to twenty-eight
pounds, with the exception that the spe
cial prizes offered by the California
Cocker Club for competition by mem
bers only will be for cocker dogs of tho
maximum weight of twenty-four pounds.
The action of the kennel club in offer
ing • substantial money prizes to grey
hound exhibitors has enlisted the active
Interest of the Cauifornia coursing com
mittee, which is gathering a fine lot of
greyhounds.
Al Cooney Is "to show his Scotch colllia
Border Laddie, which won a reconfl in
Glasgow and was then brought to Amer
ica by Mrs. Hearst.
For the greyhounds the kennel club
has hung up in champion classes $23 to
first and $15 to second: for saplings. S8
to first and $4 to second: junior class,
12 to 18 months old. ?S to first and %\ to
second. ¦^•' •
A new class for wire-haired fox ter
riers has been added for novices of either
sex medals to go to winners of first and
second and diplomas to third place ani
mals. Fifteen wire-haired fox terriers
have already been offered.
A special prize o« $20 will be given to
the handler bringing the largest number
of entries over twenty-five outside of SaM
Francisco and Alameda counties.
Glenwoon Kennel has recently brought
several bull terriers from Newmarket
Kennels. Canada, and wll.show one of
them, Newmarket Queen.
The success of the recent Seattle dog
show, which had 215 dogs benched, indi
cates a degree of Interest that augurs
well for the San Francisco exhibition.
Several descendants of W. S. Klttle's fa
mous English setter Luke will be benched
together, and will form an interesting
study for students of form In dogs.
Armand Decourtleux will exhibit h!s
field trial winner Verona Cash. The
sporting dog classes are filling welL
High-Class Stakes at Home
Bring Out Fairer Trials
Than the Big 'Events orv
England's Coursing Fields
The California Coursing Committee has
made an important ruling regarding
coursing partnership and the guarding of
degs entered in stakes under a firm name
or kennel designation. The board , points
out that coursing privileges under kennel
designation do not permit. guarding except
where the dogs are the bona fide property
of the same nopiinator.- • *
In registering the name of the owner
must appear as an individual or a part
rership, and not as a kennel designation.
The full names of parties comprising a
co-partnership must be filed with the sec
retary of the committee within thirty
days from last meeting, and a $10 fee paid
for certificate oi co-partnership. 5*»
All partnerships hereafter formed must
be submitted to the committee for ap
proval and subjected to a $50 fee If cours
ing privilege Is granted.
Final action has been taken in the mat
ter of the application for registration of.
a litter of puppies by Dudley Diamond,
out of Koolawn; the committee refusing
to grant the registration. . . , .
According to Vir.dex, a noted authority
of England, the- average course Jn high
class event3 in that country does not
last forty seconds. This re-sult is reached
by figuring the performances in the
Waterloo Cup event. In thi3 event the
hares' are of the best class and are con
ditioned for the affair. Taking our John
Grace Cud stake as a standard courses
in the local big events reach a full min
ute. . In the last running of the season's
best event at Union Park runs of two
minutes or more which called for relief
dogs were of irequent occurrence. "With
a lively lot of picked jacks strong enough
to go a hard' journey the local coursers,
it will seem, have to do considerable
more work in landing a stake, and in con
sequence the followers of the game at
home witness better tests and fairer
trials of coursing than do the leashmen
across the water.
From statistics compiled by B. F. S.
Mulcaster of England for the season
IPOO-Cl, the list of the best greyhound
sires and their puppies Is headed by Gal
lant, Fabulous Fortune second and Under
the Globe third, both close competitors.
Gallant is the sire of Red Angus, George
Van Bergen's importation that succumbed
after a hard event last year at Union
Park. Fabulous Fortune Is the sire of
Fiery Face, now performing here, and
Under the Globe is a brother of Gobbo,
the sire of Fine Form, D. J. Healey's pur
chase from, abroad.
The out-of-town coursing meetings of
.last week resulted as follows:
"Vail* jo— P. Brophy's Benicia Boy won.
Russell & Allen's Faithful Lad runner up.
San Jose— E. McAndrew's Gov. Mac first,
C. Sullivan (names) Alex second. Los
Angeles— F. A. McComh's Crawford Lass
and Frosty Morn divided first and second
money. Sacramento — Walsh & Heenan's
Sacramento Boy. beat- H. B. Robbins'
Dixon Boy in the final. The winner In
this event has lost the last flag but once>
this season. Hot weather being on. Stock
ton is out of the game for the season, and
for the same reason Sacramento will close
after two more meetings.
P. E. Farns worth, secretary of the Cap
ital City Coursing Club of Sacramento is
in town. He attended the meeting of the
California Committee in the Interest of
the game at his home.- .
Union Park offers a great card for this
week's attraction. An open stake of 112
entries, with good talent on the list, and
a 16-dog champion event make up the
programme. In the latter affair the top
notch performers of America will furnish
the sport. Palo Alto and Beacon," both
well fixed for backers, are' in the bunch
of crackajacks, and that means a great
event if they meet. Jimmy Anthony, the
hound hailed as champion of Port 'Costa
and Vallejo, is an outside chance for final
honors and a dangerous one. It has been
said that -the dog has had desires to ease
up after a course. or two, but his recent
performances have left a more favorable
Impression, and now, it Is claimed, he im
proves as he gets along in the stake. A
contingent from the. up-river towns will
come by special train to boost the courser
on his way to victory.
LOCAL HOUNDS
ARE FORCED TO
SEVERE TESTS
There will be a gay time at Tiburon to
day. The Corinthian Yacht Club will open
the season at its quarters on Valentines
Island v-ith. a reception to ladies from 2
to 6 p. m., at which there will be music
and dancing. '±ne owners of yachts moor
ed in the cove have been requested to
dress shin in honor of the fair guests.
During the afternoon the small boats will
be kept busy carrying the ladles from the
clubhouse to me yachts! The ladles will
return to the city by the boat leaving
Tiburon at 5:40 p.m.. and at 7 o'clock the
last installment of Corinthians from San
Francisco will reach the Marin shore.
Chowder, beans, coffee and the other com
ponents of a Corinthian supper will be In
readiness and all will set to with a will.
After supper there will be a jinks in the
hall for members and a few special guapts.
A beat leaving Tiburon about midnight
will bring some of the Corinthians back
to the city, but many others will sleep on
board the yachts In readine£3 for the
opening cruise to-morrow.
The reception committee in the after
noon consists of Commodore H. D. Hawks,
Vice Commodore E. F. Sagar, Secretary
J. C. Brickell. Treasurer C. L. Barrett,
ex-Commodore J. W. Pew and Director
Thomas Jennings. E. S. Enamons will be
floor imanager and will be assisted by
J. A. Laver.saler, Stewart M. Anderson,
E. J. Bov.-es, P.. H. Morrow and S. M.
Crim. The committee in charpre of the
evening jinks consists of E. F. Sagar,
chairman; Frank W. Thompson, L. W.
Harles, E. J. Angelo, Walter Howe and
J. V. O'Brien. The. committee has pre
pared an excellent minstrel show, in ¦which
will be seen" C. Morel, D. M. Laughlin. R.
B. Mitchell. W. Hynes. "Ossle" Franks,
E. J. Ang-elo, Signor Abramoff and other
well-known entertainers; I also the Edna
Quartet and an orchestra of five pieces
under the direction of Maurice Cramer.
To-morrow morning -the yachts will
make colors at 8 o'clock, and owners will
report at 10 on board the flagship May
for instructions from Commodore H. . D.
Hawks. The fleet will cruise in squadron,
starting at 11 o'clock. A good dial of
hard work has been accomplished during
the past three weeks • in preparing for
opening dav, and as a result nearly all
the yachts of the fleet are ready to make
sail. .
Ex-Commodore Carl Westerfeld has ap
parently given up the idea of trying to
annex any more racing trophies, for the
sail area of the sloop Aeolus, winner of
three Macdonough cups and of the Per
petual Challenge Cup, has been reduced
and her spars shortened. This will dimin
ish her speed, but will make her a more
comfortable cruising boat. The sloops
Embla and Clara have not yet been able
to so up on the ways, but will be taken
up as soon as possible. The sloops Tru
ant, Freda, Edna. Mist, Sappho, Queen,
Seven tsells and several others are ready.
The Corinthians as they have become
prosperous are departing somewhat from
•the simplicity of earlier days, for four
of the yachts will carry hired men this
season — the sloops Sappho. ¦ Clara and
Queen and the yawl Seven Bells. The
yawl Arcturus Is still in the lagoon, as
her owner. ex-Director W. S. Grover, does
not intend to sail this year and- has not
succeeded in selling- or chartering her.
The sloop Mischief is over at Sausallto
being put into commission and will sail
from that nort," though she is also en
rolled in the Corinthian fleet and will be
entered in the races both of the San Fran
cisco ar.d Corinthian clubs.
Next Saturday. April 27. the San Fran
ti&co Yacht- Club will open the season at
f-ausalito. Instead of a dance in the even
ing a jinks will be -given in the main hall
of. the clubhouse, the entertainment be
ing In' charge of a committee of five. A
handsome souvenir programme is being
prepared. On the following day the open
ing cruise by signal from Commodore W.'
K. McCarthy's schooner Ramona will take
place. '¦'
Though 4t seems practically certain that
the Pacific .Interclub Yacht Association
will not be able to maintain' Its exist
ence, the Corinthians have selected dele
gates, who are ex-Commodore T. F.
Tracy, T. J. Kavanaush and Orlo East
wood. As ' the ' Calif ornia. South Bay and
Encinal Yacht clubs have retired from the
association, it cannot be maintained by
the Corinthian and San Francisco clubs
alone. - But.. In order. to prevent, the gifts
C/f trophies by J. M. Macdonough and Her-
Reception in the Afternoon,
Jinks in the Evening and
a Cruise on the Bay Will
Be the Set Programme
THIS DAY WILL
BE A GAY ONE
FOR CORINTHIANS
ON the evening of April 24 in the
gymnasium of the Olympic Club
the amateur wrestlerB . of the
coast will tug. and strain on the
mat for championship honors and
applause from the gloved 'hands of the
fair sex, which will be given its first
opportunity to see a wrestling tourna
ment as they have them In the Post
street building. This is a. novelty in the
way of Olympic ladles' nights, and judg
ing from the persistent application for
tickets it will be an unqualified success.
A big attendance is assured. That the
athletic end of the entertalnemnt will
prove such a complete success seems to
be an equal certainty, for from the many
clubs in and out of the city numerous en
tries are being handed In, and the inter
est manifested by the prospective par
ticipants is keen and sharp. The entries
will close this evening.
The rules for this tournament are some
what different from those in use during
former mat contests. . Six minutes will
AMATEUR WRESTLERS WILL STRIVE FOR HONORS
IN CHAMPIONSHIP CONTESTS AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Coast Tournament Will Be the Feature of the Ladies' Night on April 24,
A Novelty in the Way of Athletic Entertainment for the Fair Sex.
limit the duration of a bout, and in the
preliminary events a single fall will de-
termine the winner. In the finals the con-
testants will be required to, wrestle the
best two out of three falls. ¦'-
Soine of the clubs to'be represented in
the tournament are the Olympic, the
Multnomah Athletic Club of Portland,
Or., the Stockton Athletic Association,
the Young Men's Christian Association,
the Turn Verein, the Verein Eintracht;
the West Oakland Athletic Club and the
Pacific Athletic Club. This will insure a
spirited competition. '. . ' .
Wrestling has been slightly stagnant
at the Olympic Club during the past, year,
but the present tournament has given the .
sport; a renewed activity. Under the
guidance and care of George Miehllng the
Olympic contingent has been carefully
trained and instructed. Al Lean has
handled the team and vouches for their
fine physical condition. The Olympic en
tries outnumber all the others. ">
The entries up to date areas follows:
105-pound class—L. Gruman, W. M. Hoag,
C. S. Bowers, Olympic Club; Watson
Armacost, unattached.
115- pound class— W. H. Smith Jr.. W.
Mi Hoag. Olympic Club; W. Armacost.
unattached; R. E. Cole. Reliance Club.
l"6-pound- class— J. F. Russell, W. H.
Smith Jr., John A. Gindorf, Olympic
Club; J. C. Hahn, Multnomah Athletic
Club; H. M. Platt, Reliance Athletic Club.
13C-pound class— George W. Braun, C. D.
Pentany, A. E. Lou, Olympic Club;
Charles Mery, Young Men's Christian As
sociation; H. M. Platt. Reliance Club.
145-pound class— Charles Jenkins. George
W. Braun. R. B. Cornell. M. Milward,
Olympic Club; R. S. Nixson. Louis Hasel
bacher. Reliance Athletic Club.
158-pound class — R. B. Cornell, Charles
Jenkins and M. Milward, Olympic Club.
Heavy-Weights— W. R. McCullough, 170,
Olympic Club; George Hildebrand. 1S5,
San Francisco Turn Vereln; R. Gllenke,
200, unattached: Chris Pierson, 215. Reli
ance; William S. MacPhie, 235.
Many contestants who have been in ac
tive training will enter their names to
day.
COMMENT AND
FACTS ON LOCAL
SPORT EVENTS
McGovern and Gardner Fight.
Baseball Situation-Busy
Day for College Athletes
on the California Track
Without a doubt Terry McGovern is in
the very pupil of the local sporting pub
lic eye. He is to-day the leading pugi
listic character of this country, and he is
an uncommon premier, too. even in the
gallery of fistic big ones. On the evening
of April 30 he will fight Oscar Gardner,
the man whom he has sent to the floor
a«= one of many. After that, should he
win, he will talk of a match with Erne.
On all sides the persistent rumors of a
Fhady fight between McGovern and Gard
ner assail the ear. No one knows just
where the source of these reports is
placed. One thing is certain. McGovern
has gone Into active and earnest training
and so 'has Gardner. In their former
fipht Gardner gave McGovern something
of an argument and made Terry work to
put on the finishing touches.. Gardner
may have "gone back." as has been said
of him. but at any rate it is not likely
that McGovern would fake a fight for the
loser's end. He is in the very zenith of
his- pugilistic glory, his fighting strength
has rot been sapped by vicious excesses
and he is to-day a big money earner. His
great difficulty, the besetting trouble of
his occupation, is to find new subjects on
which to train his blows. His. class, the
feather-weight, is a limited one for ex
ceptionally good men. and Terry, in or
der to satisfy the public, must step with
out the bounds for further effort. The
public takes it for granted" that every
feather-weight that was, is or will be is
not the man for a match with this same
McGovern. There is hardly an idea afloat
that McGovern would fake— rather, that
the other man is no match for him— and
that the contest will on that account be
nothing- but one-sided.
Harris, who manages McGovern, has
certainly been solicitous of McGovern's
champion status and has secured the best
porsible terms for the Terrible Teddy.
The feather-weight on the day of his ar
rival expressed several hopes and desires
for a few extra pounds. He said that it
this climate should prove agreeable to his
physical disposition and that if he took on
weight he would agree to fight Erne at
J"3. Harris, who regulates all of Mc-
Gcvern's business, was not so committal.
He readily premised Erne a return match,
but with the proviso that he must wait
until after the Gardiner match before any
consideration of the adjustment of
weights.
• * •
AH the four baseball clubs of the league
have played in this city, and the fanatics
are drawing conclusions. Unless condi
tions change radically the fight should be
between San Francisco and Los Angeles.
At present Oakland is in second place,
hut the Dudes— who, by the way. are
dudes no longer— are not stickmen. They
have a good out and in field, some strong
pitchers and a good backstop. When it
comes to the hitting end of it Oakland
seems lamentably weak. Sacramento,
with the majority of its? former cliam
piens still wearing gilt trimmings, was
strong last year and the season before
because it had two very strong boxrnen,
ore of whom won three out of every four
frames he pitched. They are also good
stickers. This season the Senators will
havs to work for the banner. When the
local team settles and Henry Harris fixes
his men in steady positions and Pabst
learns how to stop a bouncing ball Tiiere
may be a surprise party or two thrust
upon the Angels, who give a show at the
present time of having the best of it.
The local team has among its number
some of the best batters in the league and
pood, capable fielders. A cloud of ill luck
s-eeins to hover regularly over the local
nine early in the season. It takes them
a month to get away in the race. Plague
scared baseball players and untrained
substitutes have hampered the Wasps up
to date.
* * *
This will be a big day for California's
two universities. On the Berkeley campus
this afternoon the annual Intercollegiate
field day will be run and jumped to a con
clusion. Since 1S93. the date of the first
meeting between California and Stanford
on the track and field, California has de
feated Stanford every year, with a oir.gle
exception, ar.d then the games resulted In
a tie. This year a closer meet is expect
ed, yet the prevailing opinion is that Cali
fornia will win again. There are tome
first class performers in several of the
events, and a record or two may go to
pieces. The fact tl-at the baseball series
rezids one victory for Stanford and the
same for California will add zest to the
Kamt-s to-day on the Berkeley track. On
the California Tennis Club's courts this
morning the two colleges will fight for
the annual championship in tennis.
GOLFERS EAGER
FOR THE COAST
CHAMPIONSHIPS
First Tournament of the Pa
cific Association Will Be
Sure to Bring Out the Best
Golfers of the Bay Clubs
There will be a handicap over eighteen
holes, medal play, for men on the links
of the San Rafael Golf Club, beginning
at 2 p. m. to-day. The spring schedule
of the Oakland Golf Club has now bca.a
played out. the last event set down there
on being the last eighteen holes of tha
second thirty-six-hole luter-club tourna
ment, which was played last Saturday on
the kdams Point . link*. Since Ore3tM
Pier e. the energetic captain of the Oak
land Gclf Club, has returned, it is likjiy
that certain contests unions: members of
the club wlH be arranged, even though
no regular schedule of events be drawn
up! During the summe p play on the
Presidio and Oakland links decreases,
while more golfers ar<» reen on the linkj
at San Rafael. Del Monte. Santa Cru*
and other resorts.
Local golfers. !rdee«l sro!fers all over
the State cf California, are looking for
ward with keen intertcl to the flrat
tournament of the Pacific Coast Golf As
sociation. the time foi» making entries to
to which expired at 5 p. m. on Wednesd:iy
last. It Is probable, however, that en
tries mailed, though uot x arriving in San
Francisco, before the hour named, will
be accepted by the secretary, as the natur
al desire is to attract ar. larsre a nelft of
golfers as possible. Nearly thirty entries
have been received, amonrj them Dem?;
Hug-h Tevis. president of tbe Pacific Coast
Golf Association. C.E. Maud of the River
side Polo and Golf Club first amateur
champion of Southe-n California, and
runner-up to Walter Fairbanks, the pres
ent holder of the championship: C. E. Orr
"the Pride of Pasadena." chaxnolon o».
Southern California in 1WJ0; Walter Cosby,
one of the strongest players of theLcp
Angeles Country Club: William Fred
erickson. who was only one stroke behind
C. E. Orr in the recent open championship
held at Los Angeles !ast month: R. H.
Hay-Chapman, editor of the Los Angeie*
Times; J. W. Byrn>, president, ana
Lansing P. Kellosg. enptain of the San
Francisco Golf Club: E. R. Folcer. C. B.
Wingate. W. P. Johnson and J. A.
Folger of the Oakland Golf Club. Threa
names, those of John Lawson ,and B. D.
Adamson of the San Francisco Golf Club,
and of Walter Fairbanks, who recently
won the amateur championship of South
ern California, are not contained in the
above list, which is by no means complete.
It was hoped that some of the most skill
ful players of British Columbia. Portland.
Tecnrna and Seattle would enter for the
first Pacific Coast championship, but this
hope may not be realized on tnl3 occasion.
The plan of weeding out the number of
contestants by a prelim:tiary round, as la
usual in the United Starts, though not In
Great Britain, will be followed. The six
teen players making Iha best scores over
the thirty-six hole3 of the qualifying 1
round will enter the opening match plav
round over eighteen holes. The eight
winners will pass on to the second round,
and the four winners In this will oiay in
the semi-final round. Tne ultimate winner
will receive a gold medal and the tttle of
amateur golf champion of the Facifi>
Coast; the runner-up win receive a silver
medal, and the third antf fourth mea will
get bronze medals. The qualifying rounds
will begin at 10 o'clock on Wednesday
morning.- April 24. and will be continued
Thursday morning, April 23. at the
same hour. All ouallfyin? rounds
must ' be, finished - before 1 p. ir.
on Thursday. as the • first ¦• match
play round begins at 2 x>. m. on that day.
The second match plav round will besln
at 10 a. m. on Friday, Anrll 26, and the
semi-final round at 2 d. m. The match
play rounds will be over eighteen hole?.
The final round will b* over thlrtv->»ix
Holes and will begin st 10 on Saturday
morning. April 27, ar at feuch later hoar
as the committee mav determine. Tlt«
whole contest will be governed by tho
"Rules of Golf." as adopted by the Royal
and Ancient Golf Club of St- Andrews.
Scotland, as amended and Interpreted by
the United States Golf Association.
The club house of the Sacramento
Country Club is now finished and ready
far furnishing. The course was open»«T
for play last Saturday, and extends over
about thirty-five acres, with some sporty
hazards. No schedule has been prepare
as yet- but one will be made up as sorn
as the members have acquired a Uttle skill
in the game. The resident professional' is
Will J. Bradley, who was at the Presidio
Golf Club a year or two ago with David
Stephenson. Among the most promising
players are W. Sandai. Wilbur F. George,
C K Unman. Dr. E. C. I>etiel. Stewart
Upson and William Murcell. C. K. Lip
man Is the proud holder of a record for
a drive, said to b« "considerably over" a
hundred yards. It is reoo.-ted that per
formances of a similar character occur
daily. Among the ladleu the most promis
ing are Mrs. Murcell, Mrs. Deuel, the
Misses Birdsall. Mlaa Twitchell. Mtw
Edith Lynn, and Mrs. XV. F. Georse. A
"clock green" is to o» put In for putting
contests. The club already hoc 134 mem
bers, the limit being 150.
.... . • -, . • ¦....
THE SAIs FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL. 20, 1901.
SPORTS WRESTLING TOURNAMENT, COURSING, GOLF, YACHTING, FISHING, TENNIS
4
- Only three -weeks are required to develop
a perfect mosquito from the egg.
Mexican carved leather goods' and Cali-
fcrnia souvenirs of every kind at Sanboro
& Vail'i, 741 Market street. •. Ed Cole, the well known New York turf
writer, who since the inception -of the rac
ing season at Tanforan filled the position
of ¦ associate judge in the stand, left for
New York last evening, where he will re
sume his newspaper work. By his affa
bility Mr. ¦ Cole made a host of friends
here, and all hope he may return again In
thfc near future. , ¦-.- ¦?
Owen Mounce, the clever young light
weight jockey, under contract to ride for
August Belmont, leaves for New York to
night. Mounce makes mistakes, but Is
younsf and •will learn ¦with experience. He
will be accompanied by his father.
Terry . McGovern, the "Brooklyn whirl
wind"; Manager Sam Harris, and Danny
Dougherty, the sparring partner of Mc-
Govern, will be spectators of the racing
to-day. "Sport" McGovern, a younger
brother of the boxer, is considered a prom
ising jockey in the East.
The stake events of the Montana Jockey
Club ck>se to-day. Manager Ed Laurence,
who has been in the city for some days,
reports a large number of nominations
and 13 highly elated over the prospects of
some great sport at Butte and Anaconda.
The officials of the New California
Jockey Club will assume charge of the
racing at Tanforan to-day.
Track Notes.
Chile and Argentine Friendly.
SANTIAGO E>B CHILE. April 15.— Tho
rumors current here of difficulties between
Chile and the Argentine Republic are
without foundation. Nothing has occurred
between the governments of the two
countries to cause anxiety.
Woodman Pleads Not Guilty.
SUISUN. April 13.— J. A. Voodman. wh»
killed his wife near Davisville. was ar
raigned to-day In the Superior Court on a
charge of murder. Hf» entered a Dlea of
not guilty and his trial was set for Mon
day, April 29.
Systems Acquired by One
Company.
SANTA ROSA. April 19.— Negotiations
were completed to-day for the transfer of
the three street car systems of this city
to a new company headed by J. H. Brush,
president of the First National Bank. Mr.
Brush announces the company's Intention
of substituting electricity for the present
system of horse propulsion and it will
also extend the lines at an early date.
The three systems consolidated are the
Santa Rosa, extending from the Athe
naeum to Rural Cemetery; the Central,
extending from the California Northwest
ern Railway Depot to the Odd Fellows*
Cemetery, and the Union, extending from
the Courthouse to Pierce Bros/ track.
Santa Rosa's Three Street Railway
HORSECARS WXLL GIVE
WAY TOSELECTKIC LINE
Was Built Nearly a Half-Century
Ago and Cost a Small
Fortune.
GRASS VALLEY. April 19.— The old
Norton residence, which was built In
Grass Valley in 1S53 and is the oldest land
mark of the kind in the town. Is being
torn down. It is on Church street, near
the corner of Neal. The building- was con
structed of lumber that cost $200 per thou
sand and upward. The lumber was sawefl
at a mill on Mill street, at the present site
of Popp's brewery./ The labor in building 1
cost $10 a day and: was the most crude
and Inexperienced kind. The men wasted
away a whole winter in putting up the
house that should not have taken more
than three weeks. For many years it was
the only frame house In the town. It was
ocupied by the Norton family until live
years ago, when Mrs. Norton died, ami
the rest of the family left the country- It
was the scene of many pioneer social
functions. The present owner Is J. M.
Lakenan, a pioneer foundryman.
GRASS VAIXEY'S FIRST
HOUSE BEING RAZED
TA2HF0HAN PARK-Friday, April 19,
1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
232O. FIRST RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
MOO.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. »S. Str. Fin.
2301 Valenc'ne. 6, US.Mounce 2 12 13 14
230S S. of Tarsus, 4. 114-Turnr 4 2 1 2 5 2 8
2139 Katie Walcott. 4. 103. See 7 6 3 4 2 Z ns
2175 First Shot. 4, lll..Domnk 5 4 h 3 2 4 6
2305 Sen. Matts, 5, H4..ConIey 6 5 >,i 6 2 6 U
2307 J. Welch, 4, lll.Frawley 17 7 6 2
2308 I Dt Know, a, ]04.Bersn 3 3 ", 5 1 7
' Time— 1-16, :06%; %. :23; U| :4SU; 5%f. l:07tf:
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. , Winner. W. L. Stanfleld's ch. m. by
St. Carlo-Libbertiflibbet Winner pounds the
best. First Shot is not game. I Don't Know
is not running to his work. Scratched—Sum
mer 104.
Bettlns— Valeneienne. 9-10; Saul of Tarsus, 3:
Katie Welcott. 15; First Shot, 9-2; Senator
Matts, 60; John Welch, 40; I Don't Know, 15.
2321. SECOND RACE-Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purse. $100.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
.... C'l Oil Johnny, U3.Turnr 1 3 6 11.1%
.... St. Philliplna, 110. Thorpe 6 112 3 2 6
.... Jacqueminot, 110..Hafley 5 2 3 3 5 3 6
.... Gerardo. 113.. .Alexander 4 7 >J 6 1 4 1
Jennie Hughes. 110. Kelly 9.6 4 4 1 5 3
Twenty-four. H0..Conley 2 4 2 7 20 6 1
.... Flossie's King, H3.Howll S 6 1 6 2 7 25
.... Vine. 110 Mounce 7 8 8 2 83
....Little Devil. 110.. .Adams 3 9 96 9 6
Clear Sky. 110 RusselUO 10 10 10
Time— U. :23%: %, :4S',i. " Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, J. W. CNeall &
Co.'s ch. c. by The Hero-Flaxle. Johnny was
ready, while St. PhiUipina found the route too
far. Gerardo poorly handled.
Betting— Coal Oil Johnny. 3: St Phllllpina,
5-2; Jacqueminot, 23; Uerardo, 3; Jennie Hughes,
30; Twenty-four, 10; Flossie's King, 40; Vine,
12; Little Devil. 100; Clear Sky, 60.
2322. THIRD. RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, S4C0.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St \i. Str. Fin.
(2269)Prcs. Titanla, KM.Domnk 3 12 12 1 h
22S1 Rollick. Ul Ransch 4 2 1 2 4 2 7
2313 Compass. 107 Thorpe 2 4 4 ' 4 6 3'H
2313 T. Lepplng. 107.. Mounce 1 3 2 3h 4 25
2295 Fondo, 104 Gisborn 8 5h 6 2 5h
2280 Triple Cross, 102...Logue 6 7 7 6 15
2305 Rasp. 102.. See 7 61 6 6 7
2316 Sublime, 109..Burlingame 5 Broke down
Time— >i. :25%; M, :49tf; %. 1:01%; %, i:2S.
Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner,
A. J. Stemler & Co.'s b. f. by Massetto-Queen
Titanla. Rollick would have won in another
Jump. Tony Lepplng was outfooted. Fondo
won't do. Scratched— Moonbright 106, David S
106, Matilda O 100. Flatterer 107.
Betting— Princess Tltania, 6-5; Rollick. 6-5;
Compass, 50; Tony Lepplngr, 10: Fondc, 75;
Triple Cross. 3C0; Rasp. 80; Sublime, 75.
232.1. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
gentlemen riders; four-year-olds 'and up; purse,
$100.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St %- Str.' Fin.
2297 Cafsfphe, a, 160. Parsons 4 lh 12 16
23C6 Free Lance, a. 160. Stover 3 Mi 33 2 h
.... Filon d'Or, o. 165.HHdreth 12 3 2 8 3 10
23C6 R. Chico, 5, 160. Von Polenz 2 4 4 4
Time— 1:53V4. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, J. Carroll's
b.. g. by imp. Midlothian-Misfortune. Winner
best. Filon d'Or couldn't stand the pace he
set.
Betting- — Catastrophe, 8-5; Free Lance, 6-5;
Filon d'Or, 8; Rio Chico. 6.
2324. FIFTH RACE-MIIe and an eighth;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $3C0.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Pin.
2312 Wyoming, a. 106.. Thorpe 5 6 h 2 2 1 ns
2312 Parmenion, 4. . 97. ."Walsh 2 4 h 3 \~ 2 ns
2297 Merops. 5, 101. ...Mounce 7 6 1 1 1£ 3 6
2306 El Mido, 6. lOC.Alexandr 3 3 n 5 2 4 4
2306 Einstein. 6. lOS.Domnlck 1 1 h • 4 % 5 1
2312 Don Luis. 6. 106 See 4 7 7 6 2
2234 La Borgia, 4, 95... Butler 6 2 1 6 n 7
Time-%, :13U; U. :25K: %. :50%; %. 1:16%:
mile, l:42Vi; l%m. 1:56. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, J. G. Brown's b. g.
by Pardee-Caprice. Wyoming should have won
easily. - He was cut off two or three times.
Parmenion stayed surprisingly well. Einstein
blew up. La Borgia quit
Betting— Wyoming, 1: Parmenion. 30; Merops,
4; El Mido. 10; Einstein, 5; Don Luis, 12; La
Borgia, ICO.
S325. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
yeaf-olda and up; purse,. $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2231 Sugden, 5, 115 Hazard S l!i 1! 12
2230 Kstro 6, 105 .Mounce 2 2 4 2 4 2 6
2009 Sprung, 4, 111 Howell 5 4 1 3 1 Z V t
22S9 Mead. Lark, a. llo.Turnr 4 8 1 51 4 h
2307 Frank Duffy, 4, 103.FogglO 5 h 7 V, 5 2
22S6 Mary K'sella, 6. 103.Rnch 7 6 h 4 % 6 3
1116 Facade, 5. 105.... Glsborn 1 7 2 5% 7 2
2289 "Whaleback, 5. 105-Malony 9 10 10 8 1
22S9 Will Fay. 4. lll.Matthws 3 9 2 9 1 9 2
2286 Barney F, 4, IlL.Conley 6 3 h 8 2 10 -
Time— Y*. :26:'»,4. :30&: %. 1:16^4: mile. 1:43%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. "Winner, "W. H. McName'a ch. g. by
St. Leonards-imp. Lucille. Sugden was a hot
tip and won easily. Estro is improving. Fa
cade ran badly. He was heavily backed. Will
Fay a sulker. Scratched — May Boy 103. Joe
Mussle IIS.
Betting— Sugden, 9-2; Estro, 5: Sprung, 10;
Meadow Lark, 6; Frank Duffy, 100; Mary Kin
sella, 10; Facade. 11-5;' "Whaleback. 60; Will
Fay, 12; v Barney F, 10.
Young Mrs. Horn "Will Journey to
- Colorado to Effect a Recon
ciliation.
; SAN' JOSE. April 19.— Mrs. Mamie Horn,
the young wife who journeyed from Ne
braska to this city in search of a truant
husband, has received word that Horn Is
In Hotchkiss; Colo., and ¦ she will start
East hi a few days to. see him. ' She had
procured .a ticket to her home in Phillips.
Nebr..- through the efforts of Chief Kid
ward and intended leaving 1 last night. The
ticket will- now be changed and she will
go to Colorado. . ¦ , ¦ -.-.,. . .^ , ¦ ,
« Ira r Horn deserted, his wife about two
months ago. Mrs. Horn feels certain a re
conciliation between herself and husband
can be effected. _
Will Select Camp f Site.
SANTA CRUZ, April 19.— General J. . H.
Dickinson arrived ; this evening and to
morrow will, lay, out the ; National Guard
camp at'Laveaga Heights. ¦
GETS ON THE TBAHi : ;fV
of Hissing husband
"Apostle" Dennis Makes a Convert of
a Former Inmate of
Agnews.
SAN JOSE, April 19.-With two pack
mules bearing their belongings and 50
cents In the company treasury. "Pilgrim"
Dennis, a religious enthusiast, and Charles
Goodwin, a recent inmate of Agnews Asy
lum, started yesterday morning on a
tramp to Salt T^ake City, where, both men
declare, they will embrace the faith of
the Zionltes. Goodwin deserted a wife and
two small children, who are left in strait
ened circumstances In a little cottage at
the corner of Bird avenue and San Salva
dor street. The "Pilgrim" has been here
for some time and in his efforts to make
converts he ran across Goodwin. The lat
ter, in his weak mental condition, fell
easy prey to the traveling apostle. Good
win was sent to Agnews Asylum last May
and a few weeks later was released, as
he showed signs of improvement. ' . '
Tho two men intend to walk all the
way, as their old and decrepit donkevs
have all they can do to carry the immense
loads of old rags and traps the enthusiasts
are taking. Practically no provisions were
taken, and the men expect to hold meet
ings and receive help on the way. . The 50
cents In the party Goodwin took from his
wife. •
Mrs. Goodwin applied to the Sheriff's
office -to-day for the officials to find her
husband and bring him back. If he be
found he will be sent back to the asylum,
as there is no doubt of his insanity.
WAXKI1TG TO SAXT 1LAKE ,
TO JOIIT THE ZIONITES
Sixth race — Mile and a sixteenth: four-year
olds and up; selling:
2318 Twlnkler ......107 (2270)MacGyle 106
¦2308 Limelight ......102 (2258)Goldone 109
(2145)Stromo 107 2302 Joe Mussle......lO5
.2306 Sunello 103 (2296)Donator 107"
2323 Free ¦ Lance 116 2268 Cue' IOC
2324 Don Luis 107
Probable Winners.
First race— Daniel, Loconomo, The Miller.
Second race — Bernota, Impromptu, Eonic.
'. Third race— Huachuca, Lapldus, Torso Maid.
Fourth race— Sea Lion, . Nansen, Dollie "Welt
hoff.--
Flfth race — Headwater, Tayon, Sly.
Sixth race— Goldone, MacGyle, Donator.
. Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; purse: • . .
2278 Gibraltar 1171 2300 I>r. Cave...... lfr
2251 Sly 112 1(2304) Hermoso '.112
2299 Beau Ormonde. 107 1 2299 Headwater 109
(2299)Tayon .....113'
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
2278 Sea Lion. .......1161 2304 Doll. Welthoff..lll
»230fi Xansen 110 £306 Alaska ...113
(2282)Rlo Shannon.. .113' 2290 Glissando 110
Third race — Four furlongs;- two-year-olds
selling:
2213 Vasallo S9 2315 Parlzade 99
2298 Torso Maid 99 2303 Huachuca 10S
(2243>Lapldus 102 (2154)Evea G....: 99
2309 Ogle 102i(23O9)Jarret'rre d'Or.103
(2283)Porous 1021 2243 Mike Murphy.. 99
Second race — One mile; three-year-olds; sell
ing:
(2313)Bernota 103| 2217 Impromptu 104
2322 Triple I Cross ... .101 (2254)Bonlc 101
2307 Road Agent.... 101 '
AMONG the mementoes on the card
for the last day of sport at Tan
foran Park under the manage
ment of the San Francisco Jockey
Club was a mile and a sixteenth
racing. conceit arranged for gentlemen
riders, each to carry 160 pounds. Free
Lar:ce, with Harry Stover, the owner of
Kenllworth, in the saddle, enjoyed first
call in -the ring at odds of 6 to 5, with
Catastrophe, the mount of Patrol Judge
George Parsons, ne^jt in demand. "Sam"
Hildreth rode his own horse, Filon d'Or,
carrying five pounds overweight. Rio
Chico had as pilot Lieutenant von Polenz
of the German army, and his military seat
in the saddle was much admired even if
ho did: not finish among ! the j first three.
The riders had to stand for considerable
joshing from the paddock crowd, espe
cially Sam Hildreth, who called for an
other bracer Just as bugle call sounded.
Between the later rider and Harry Stover
a side wager of a suit of clothes existed,
and the pair tried some old-time jockey
ing. Filon d'Or started out to make the
pace,' but held the lead only a short time.
Before the half was reached George Par
sons had Catastrophe in frefit and won
hands down at the wire. When the situa
tion lookedticklish Hildreth tried to carry
Stover's mount'out into the onion patch,
but Stover was foxy. Taking Free Lance
up. he dropped on the inside of Filon d'Or
and in a hard drive got the place by a
head. Rio Chico stopped to nothing with
thf» lieutenant. . '• .
None of the starters in the different
events were afflicted with any great
amount of class, and the attendance was
not large. Favorites attached themselves
to three of the purses. . : : , .
• An even-money favorite, Valenclenne,
won the opening sprint In an ordinary gal
lop. Mounce let the mare step out In
front at. the start, and at the wire she
finished four lengths ahead of Saul of
Tarsus. Katie Walcott, a 15 to 1 outsider,
ran third.
The four furlong dash for two-year-olds
that had never started kept the crowd
guessing. Ed Lanigan's filly, St. Philip
pine, was installed-favorite, and though
she displayed a neat turn of speed was
beaten by the second choice. Coal Oil
Johnny, with Nash Turner in the saddle.
Show honors fell to Jacqueminot. - •
It looked such a close thing between
Princess Tftania and Rollick that in the
betting on the seven furlong run it was 6
to 5 and take your pick around post time.
Dominick on the Princess got his mount
away first, and leading to the end lasted
just long enough to get the verdict by a
head. Compass at 50 to 1 ran third. Sub
lime broke down.
Wyoming, : Parmenion and Merops fin
ished noses on the wire In the order
named at the conclusion of the mile and
a furlong event. The first named horse,
ridden by Charley Thorpe, ruled an even
money chance, and after a series of mis
haps got up > just In time to receive the
verdict. Einstein came in for some back
ing and led for six furlongs before blow
ing up. ¦
. One of the stoutest tips permeating the
air- was one on Sugden to win the final
mile run. Hazard had the leg up, and at
odds of ifo to 1 made all the running and
won easily from Estro. Facade, the fa
vorite,' made no showing whatever.
.
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up: selling: " " . .
2049 Homestake 114 r 2302 The Miller 11(5
1663 Parader 116 2236 Loconomo 114
2297 March Seven...104 2319 Nettle Clark...ill
2308 Formatus 1061 2001 Daniel 113
BY F. E. MXTLHOLLAin>.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
King:, who played second for Califor-.
nla. has gone to Honolulu. His plac«
will be taken by Adams. Hamlin will be
moved from center field to first base, dis
placing Gardiner, who will be retired to
the bench for a time. McKeown will go
to center and Phelan will take his place
at right field. :¦.;; ;
BERKELET, April 19.— The final base
ball gam© of the Stanford-California
championship series will be played at the
Eighth and Harrison strect3 grounds, San
Francisco. Saturday. -April 27. at 10:0T»
a. m. Each university now has one gams
to its credit.
Last of Championship Series
CHICAGO. April 13.— The appearance of
Jockey O'Connor In the saddle was the
feature of to-day's sport at Lakesido.
O'Connor stepped off on his way trora Cal
ifornia to New York and rode Valdes in
the fifth race at a mile. He won the
event In a brilliant finish with Crow
hurst on The Conqueror II. an odda-oa
favorite. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— If You Dare won,
Maude Redding second, Jcbn Drake third.
Time. 1:17.
Five and a half furlongs — Olekcut won. Irau
S e«cond, Barney SaaV third. Time, 1:10 1-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Braw Lad won,
Blue Lick second. Rival Dare third. Time.
'1:08 4-5.
Half a mile— Gracchi won. Man second. Hiss
Canale third. Time, dXV
One mile— Valdez won. The Conqueror II «ec
ond, Fatroon third. Time. 1:42.
One mile — Myth won, Vtncennes second.
Boomerack third. Time. 1:43 1-3.
CINCINNATI, AprillJ.— Result a *t Newport:
Five and a half furlones— Nancy Till won.
Eva Wilson second. Dan Rice third. Time. 1:14.
One mile, selling; — Castlne won. "W". G. Welch
second,- Stltes third. Tim*. 1:81.
Half a mile— Janie Seay won, Follow second.
Debenture third. Time, :52U-
Seven furlongs— Miss Aubrey won. Aisle M
second. Julius Werner third. Time, 1:33.
Six furlongs, selling — Ben Frost won. Master
ful second. Lady Kent third. Time. 1:21.
One mile, selling— Sallie J won. Ecus second,
Strathbroeck third. Time, 1:53ft.
MEMPHIS, April 13.— Results:
Four and a half furlongs, sellln*— Esternetl
won. Baccie second, Mary Sybilla third.
Time, :58.
Seven and a half furlongs, selling— E3pionaj*
won, Blitheful second, Sue Johnson third.
Time. l:39Vi.
Ono mile and a half, selllns— B«ana won.
Tammany Chief second. Albert Vale third.
Time. 2:44>i.
S«ven and a half furlongs— Ohnet won. Wax
Taper second. Lee Kins third. Time, 1:37.
One mile and a quarter, steeplechase— Terry
Ranger won, Very Llgnt second. Zufallis third.
Time, 2:53^.
Half a mile— Endurance' won, Herodiate sec
. ond. Attllle third. Time. :50.
NEW YORK, April 19. —Aqueduct results:
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Equalise
won. Right Away second. Carroll D third.
Time. :56 3-5.
Five and a half furlongs, sellln? — Gold T-aek
non, Shoreham second. Ante Up third. Time,
1:07 4-5.
About seven furlongs— Ten Candles won, Al
slke second. All Gold third. Time. 1:53.
Four and a half furlongs— Lady Holy-wood
won. Dixie Queen second. Chirrup third. Time.
:55 3-5.
Six furlongs, selling— Sadduccee won, Him
self second. Goebel third. Time. 1:15.
•Five and a half furlcugs — Brown Dale won.
Tenderloin second. Hlnayarite third. Time. 1:03.
Results of a Day's Racing at
. Chicago, Memphis, Cincin
nati and New York— Cards
Show a Big Improvement
O'CONNOR RIDES
LONG SHOT AND
B EATS FAVORITE
OAKLAND, April 19.-R. F. Fleming,
manager of the local telephone oftlce.- has
filed a petition in. Insolvency stating that
he has liabilities amounting, to $1209 60 and
assets uone. -.'"•* ... . ' ¦
Telephone Manager Bankrupt;
OAKLAND. April 19.— Mrs. Susan Mills.
president of Mills Collet, has let the con
tract for an assembly liall on the colleg-i
campus?. The new bui!dmg is to cost $10,- i
«00 and is expected to be r«>adv -for oc
cupancy at the opening of the fall term, j
New Building for Mills.
Trunks: and Valises.
. For quality, variety andrprices see our
trunks," valises,-, traveling bags, dress-suit
cases," . belts, •• pocketbooks. ¦ purses, bill
books and letter cases. Your name in gold
letters « free of : charge.; Sanborn, Vail-" &
Co.; 741' Market street. '. •
Judge Greene to-day granted Clara D.
Reed a decree of divorce from Samuel
B. Reed on the jrround of extreme cruelty.
OAKLAND, April IS.- Frederick Hand
ler will contest the divorce suit of hl«i
wife and has filed an answer denying her
charges of intemperance *nd failure to
provide."
Eva C. Zimmerman has becun suit for
divorce from George B. Zimmerman on
the ground of desertion.
Oakland Divorce Record.
BUTTE. Mont., April 19.— Fire at ' the
Heinze smelter to-day caused damage to
the plant of $100,000. The fire started be
tween, the boiler .room' and: the matte
room, both of which, with; the sanfpling
room and the engine room, .were de
stroyed. The smokestacks, in falling,
damaged -the big engines and . hurt one
man. The ore chute and tramway were
damaged. The property is fully, insured.
. As soon as the > fire was under control
the smelter employes held a meeting and
decided to give their services free for one
week for rebuilding the plant. It is'ex
pected that the smelter will be running in
two weeks, v Operations at the Heinze
mines will go on without interruption, the
ore being stored.But for'the good work o£
the. firemen and employes of the- smelter
tha entire plant, valued at over "$1,000,090
would have been" destroyed.
One Hundred Thousand • Dollars'
Worth of Property Destroyed in
a Montana Plant.
FZRE MAKES A.WEECK
OF SMELTER BUILDINGS
"President Francis I. Gowen of the
Choctaw, Oklahoma and Gulf Railroad
spent last Tuesday here in ' conference
with President Frank Trumbull of the
Colorado and Southern system. The talk
of the two prominent railway men re
sulted in an agreement which Is of; the'
greatest significance to this State. The
railway situation of the West will be revo
lutionized and the railroad map changed."
President Trumbull Is quoted as saying:
"Ths new line to Denver will add greatly
to its prestige as a railway center. Trade
relations will be broadened and extended.
New trains will be operated by the Colo
rado and Southern system and the Choc
taw, Oklahoma and Gulf roads to mutual
advantage. A smooth and perfect service
will . be established between Denver and
Memphis. Tenn. No time will be lost in
construction. Mr. Gowen is a man of de
cision. I think. the new line ¦will benefit
this territory more than anything that
has happened for some time."
. DENVER, April 19.— The Denver Post
to-day says that the Choctaw, Oklahoma
and Gulf Railroad is to be extended from
Weatherford. Okla.. to Amarlllo, Tex.,
where It will connect with the Colorado
and Southern Railroad. It is added that
construction has already begun and that
the 200 miles of track required will be laid
as fast as possible. The Post, says:
Denver Will Be Benefited
Greatly From a
Combination.
NEW RAILROAD
INTO COLORADO
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 13.
"I do not think that counsel has under
stood this case," said ludee Ilayne in his
argument in the water rate.trial to-day.
"I do not want to cast aspersions on the
eminent Bentlemen encaged v on the other
side, but it seems to me that they havo
utterly failed to grasp the significanca
of the fact that while a supply of seventy
gallons per capita is ample for San Fran
cisco they contend thai Oakland must
have from 160 to 190 gallons daily per capi
ta. They may contend that Oakland is a
city of lawns, but as an offset San Fran
cisco has more stringent sanitary • regu
lations. We have here the uncontradicted
testimony of one expert anote'er
that seventy-five gallon? per capita is an.
abundant supply of water for this city.
Why have our opponents nesrlected to
challenge this evidence? It is obvious
that if Oakland is using 190 or even lad
gallons per capita p«r day there Is an
enormous waste. Kurtocrmore, we have
expert testimony hero tfc:ii • this ¦ wasto,
which the plaintiff claims as a Justifica
tion for its superfluous provisions for sup
plying water, is eas'.ly preventable by
various means." >«*-~
Judge Hayne made en exhaustive de
fense of the last City Council against Mie
charge of carelessness in fixing rates.
He contended that all due precautions
had been taken to secure impartial pro
tection to all parties In interest.
The case will go on Monday, when aa
adjournment will be taken until Thurs
day to allow Attorney McCutchen to at
tend a trial in Bakersileid.
Judge Hayne will be given Monday,
Thursday and Friday, and McCutchen wfl!
have Saturday for argument in rebuttal. •
Judge Hayne Opens the
City's Defense of the
Rates.
MORE ARGUMEMT
I N WATER CASE
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE GAMES SCHEDULE
The Pacific Coast Baseball League has arranged Its schedule for the season.'
It is as follows:
At At At ; At '¦¦
Date. Oakland. " Stockton. San Rafael. I Hollister.
April 14... 'Koenigrs vs. Heesemans Nobles
April 21... Reliance vs. Nobles Maxwells Heesemans... ..;..
April 'S... Reliance Vs. Maxwells Heesemans Koenigs.
May 5.... Maxwells vs. Heesemans Reliance '.. Nobles. .",.. ....... Koenlgs. ...'.„....
May 12 Heesemans vs. Nobles Koenigrs Reliance,. Maxwells
May 19 Koenigs vs. Reliance.... Nobles Maxwells......... Heesemans...'..;.
May 16.... Koenigs vs. Nobles .Maxwells Heesemans.. . Reliance
June 2 Reliance vs. Stockton Heesemans Koenigs Nobles ".
June 9 Reliance vs. Heesemans Koenigs Nobles Maxwells
Juno 16.... Nobles vs. Maxwells Reliance Heesemans Koenigs
June 23 Maxwells vs. Koenigs Nobles Reliance. Heesemans
June 30 Koenigs vs. Nobles Heesemans Maxwells Reliance
July 7 Heesemans vs. Stockton Maxwells Koenigs Nobles „..
July 14.... Heesemans vs. Reliance Koenigs Nobles Maxwells
July 21.... Nobles vs. Maxwells Reliance Heesemans Koenigs
July 28 Koenigs vs. Maxwells Nobles Reliance.. Heesemans
Aug. 4 Koenigs vs. Nobles Heesemans Maxwells Reliance
Augr. 11 Maxwells vs. Stockton Reliance Koenigs Nobles
Aug. 18.... Heesemans vs. Reliance Koenigs 1..1. Nobles Maxwells
Aug. 23.... H-r-cscmans vs. Nobles Maxwells Reliance Koenigs
Sept. 1.... Reliance vs. Maxwells Nobles Koenigs.... Heesemana.......
Sept. 8.... Maxwells' vs. Koenigs Heesemans Nobles Reliance
Sept. 15 Stockton vs. Nobles Koenigs ;.... Reliance Maxwells
Sept. 22 Koenigs vs. Heesemans Reliance Maxwells Nobles....
Sept. 29.... Koenigs vs. Reliance Maxwells Nobles — Heesemans.......
Oct. 6 Maxwells vs. Reliance Nobles Heesemans Koenigs...........
Oct. 13 Maxwells V3. Nobles.... Heesemans Koenigs Reliance..;....'...
Oct. 20 Maxwells vs. Heesemans . Koenigs Reliance Nobles
Oct. 27 Stockton vs. Koenigs Nobles Maxwells Heesemans ...•
Nov. 3.... Nobles vs. Heesemans Reliance Koenigs Maxwells
Nov. 10 Nobles vs. Reliance Maxwells Heesemans Koenigs
Nov. 17. Reliance vs. Koenigs Heesemans Maxwells :. Nobles
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April
19.— With the ninth annual inter
collegiate field and track meet but
a day distant the Cardinal team is
; In a far from satisfactory condi
tion. The two fastest sprinters among the
Cardinal squad are both off color, one on
account of a split tendon, the other con
fined to his bed with the grip.
J.'C. McCaughern, who won the intercol
legiate lflO-yard dash last year over Drum
and Cadogan is the man with the out-of
gear tendon. Though he will enter the
short sprint, it Is doubtful whether his
unfirm muscle will allow him to finish his
race. Lamb Is the man with the grip.
Early in the week he covered the 220-yard
stretch alone in 23 seconds, under a slow
finish. Had he been in condition for the
meet, his race with Cadogan would cer
tainly have smashed the intercollegiate
record.
Even with these two men out of the
short sprints, Stanford will have a fast
trio in Hamilton, Bubb and Stewart.
Henley, the star- freshman from Ukiah,
is in good condition, but inasmuch as he
has been training for ; three events, he
cannot be expected to equal his record in
either one. It is likely that he will not
enter the pole vault, saving his strength
for the two Jumps. Should he be able to
duplicate his best records to-morrow, he
should take two firsts for the Cardinals.
Hamilton, Sprague and Chadbourne
should make good time in the mile, but
cannot hope to outdistance Service of Cal
ifornia. In the pole vault Stanford ex
pects to take all three places with Dole,
Beach and Foster or Henley, all four of
whom can clear ten feet.
The Palo Alto boys will be weakest in
the two hurdle, races and with the
weights. Brooke, the best man with the
hammer, cannot tots the sphere over 130
feet. Taylor, a freshman, takes the high
hurdles well for a novice and may prove a
surprise to-morrow. He has plenty of
speed, but lacks form. Stanford should
take five firsts at least, ard with a "sur
prise" or two may take more. The fact
that her men are worthy freshmen ma
terial leaves the element of chance a very
large one.
BERKELEY. April 19.— Whatever hap
pens at the intercollegiate field day to
morrow, . California expects to win. The
athletes themselves are confident, but
they fully realize that their very best ex
ertions must be put forth. <•
California men who have kept a close
watch on the Stanford and Berkeley
teams place the score some twenty points
in Berkeley's favor. This reckoning, al
though considered conservative by local
enthusiasts, will not admit of any mis
takes or unlocked for occurrences on the
part of the State University squad.
Trainer Walter Christie said: "We look
forward to a close- contest. From what I
have heard of the Stanford men and know
of our men, we may expect good work
from both teams. For the results we
await the conclusion of the field day."
Track Captain Walsh's general summary
of the events is as follows:
Cadogan should win the 100-yard dash if
his leg is all right. Brown (California) and
McCaughern (Stanford) will run close for
second. Cadogan and Lamb of Stanford
will run a close race in the '220-yard dash.
Squires should win the 440-yard dash with
Smith of Stanford and Asbill of California
for second place. Service is generally con
ceded both distance runs. Chadbourne
(Stanford) and Clifford (California) are
probable seconds in the &80-yard run, while
Chadbourne will havp Woods and Rede
will of Berkeley against him as likely
men for second honors in the mile run.
"With California's bunch of high hurdlers
all three places should go to her. Thomas
ought to win by a small margin from eith
er Powell, Hamlin or Cheek. In the low
hurdles two places should go to^Berke
ley.* Powell or Cheek ought to win.
Cooley and Powell will give Henley of
Stanford a close contest for first in the
high jump. Henley is expected to win,
but the two Blue and Gold men have been
doing good work recently. In the broad
jump Henley and Hussey (California) will
struggle for first. The contest will be close,
with Henley the' probable winner. -Stan
ford will get fint and second places in the
pole vault, giving Dudon of California a
fighting chance for third. Duden may
prove a surprise, but points are not reck
oned on from him. • - . .
Plaw will get both . weights. Woolsey
stands a good chance of 'winning -second
for California in the shot-put. Second in
the hammer throw is doubtful. . •
The Berkeley athletes are not worrying
over the result3 of the mile walk. Captain
Walsh is picked as a winner. Zschokke of
Stanford has a splendid reputation as a
walker. .Walsh himself believes he will
have to do the pace of his life to win.-.
BERKELEY. April 19.— The following
officials have been chosen for the Stan
ford-California field day to be held to
morrow afternoon on the Berkeley oval:
Referee — John Elliott.
Inspectors — William Knowles, E. ' J.
Brown and George James, i
Timers— Dave Brown, Professor G. C.
Edwards, Frank Argell, E. L. Sarre and
G. S. Thompson. \
Starter— Phil Wand. :
Judge of walking— H. Coffin.
Judges at the finish— J. E. Reynolds,
Professor W. E. Magee and H. Good
win.
Clerk of course and assistants — C. A.
Cantwell, N. F. Titus and James Coffin.
Field judges— Fred Koch, Hugh Bond
and J. D. Hoffman.
Measurers— I. J. Muma, E. J. Smith and
C. R. Lewers.
Announcers — E. W? Decoto and L. A.
Womble.
CALIFORNIA ATHLETES CONFIDENT
OF DEFEATING STANFORD'S TEAM
Track and Field Men of Both Universities Ready
for the Annual Intercollegiate Games
Jack Sheridan, one of the best and most
capable baseball umpires of America, is
insane, according to Eastern dispatches.
He is now in confinement in Chicago.
Sheridan had a national reputation on
the ball field. His first big success as
an umpire was in this city, in the days
of the old California League. He then
went East, receiving a handsome offer
from the National League. At the time
the American League was organized
Sheridan became the premier umpire
and remained under Its banners.
Sheridan wintered here this year, and
was on his way East to take up his offi
cial work in the league. As an umpire
he had the respect of both ball players
arid the public. His decisions were at all
times fair and his Judgment quick and
speedily announced.
Jack Sheridan Is Insane.
Following 1 are the events and entries for
tho swimming at Sutro baths to-morrow
afternoon:
51 yard dash. Juveniles— J. Boggs, C. Duke*
A. Courtney. M. Grlswald. J. McManus, B.
Ferrill. I>. Chase. J. Mullen. II. Heinz. H. Mc-
Kcnzie. X. Nicholas, P. McDonald. O. Mac
ner. \V. Adams, J. Uugan, C. Donovan, E.
Cgan.
¦ I'nder water swimming:, tub race, high div
ine for boys — Open to all.
IXi yard race, amateurs — J. Schustro, G.
Iring G Wallace, C. Augustus, J. Hunt, P.
rtovert C. Fredericks, J. Rlnirrose. O. Beyers,
H Dougherty. J. Bevlns, W. Cook. L. Gru
min. M. Carmody. S. Bodkin. A. Clayton, G.
1'reeth.-
Trick and fancy springboard diving— E. TVln
flfld. O. Owens. G. Randall. D. McCann, H.
Wilson. J. Lyons. L. Mclntyre. F. Jorry. J.
Collins T McKlllon, \V. Stockton, E. Wells.
W. Ptokes. W. Guild. F. Ritter, R. Cordell.
G. Ralston.
Swimming at Sutro's.
ASHLAND, Mass., April 19.— The annual
Marathon race of the Boston athletic
Association, from Ashland to Boston, a
<3iE|tance of twentj'-five miles, was started
from the railroad bridge here at 12
o'clock. The runners were sent away un
der very favorable conditions. Thirty-
Keven men started. At the end of a mile
Hujrhson. of the Hamilton (Ontario) Y.
M. C. A., and Caffery, of the SL Patrick's
Athletic Association. Hamilton. were
ahead, running abreast. They were fol
lowed by several others in a bunch, and
the remaining contestants were trailing:
the leaders.
NEWTON. Mass.. April 19.— John J.
Caffery of Hamilton. Ontario, winner of
last year's Marathon road race, passed
the flf teen-mile point In the course from
A«hland to Boston at 1:40 p. m. This is
seven minutes ahead of CafTery's time at
this point last year, when he brokn the
roeffrd for the course of twenty-five mile.*,
which he^covcred in 2 hours 33 minutes 44
seconds, r
Caffery in the Lead.
Fifth event— Grand open to all merchandise
fhoot, 25 targets per man, entrance fee 60
cents, class shooting, all ties ehoot off. hlKh
runs having: choice of prizes donated by the
l>oard of directors of the Olympic Gun Club.
The complete programme for the season
at Ingleside is as follows:
April 1-C. W. S. C. live birds; U. G. C.
blue rocks. April 14— O. G. C, live birds: S.
F. G. C. blue rocks. April 21— O. G. C, blue
rocks. April 28— S. F. G. C, live birds. May
5-O. W. S. C live birds; U. G. C, blue rocks.
May 12— O. G. C. live birds; S. F. G. C. blue
-rocks. May 19— O. G. C. blue rocks. May 26—
F. F\ G. C. live birds. June 2— C. W. S. C.
live birds; IT. G. C, blue rocks. June 9— O. G
C. live birds; S. F. G. C. blue rocks. June
3G-O. G. C, blue rocks. June 23-S. F. G. C,
live birds. June SO— U. G. C. lire birds. July
T— C. W. S. C, live birds; V. G. C, blue rocks.
July 14— O. G. C, live birds; S. F. G. C, blue
rorks. July 21— O. G. C, blue rock*. July 2S—
P. F. /G. C. live birds. August 4-C. W. S. C.
live birds; V. G. C, blue rocks. August 11—
O. G. C. live birds, S. F. G. C, blue rocks.
Aue-ust 18 — O. G. C. blue rocks. August 25—
P. F. G. C, live birds. September 1— U. G. C,
blue rocks. September 8— O. G. C, live birds.
spptemtvr 15— O. G. C, blue rocks. Septem-'
her 29-1.'. G. C. live birds.
¦C W. S. C— CaJIfornia. Wing- Shooting
Club. S. F. G. C. — San Francisco Gun Club.
O. G. C— Olympic Gun Club. U. G. C— Union
Gun Club. Take Mission-street car to Ingle
side.
The Olympic Gun Club will open Its sea
son of inanimate target shooting to-mor
row at the Ir.gleslde traps. The pro
gramme will be as follows:
First event — Club score. 25 birds to each
m»:nber.
Second event— 15-blrd race, open to all, ei
tranee fe* 50 cents, including birds. The club
adds $5 to purse; £0, 30 and 20 per cent, high
cuns -to win.
Third event— ID-bird race, open to all. en
trance fee 60 cents, including birds. The club
ados $5 to purse; -50, 30 and 2) per cent, high
runs to win.
Fourth event— 15-bird race, open to all, en
trance fee £0 centa, including: birds. The club
adds $5 to jmrse; SO, SO and 20 per cent, high
TRAP SHOOTING FOR
THE ENTIRE SEASON
NEW YORK, April 19.-The great chess
event of the year, the fixth international
c-ble match between America and Great
Britain for the possession of the Newnes
trophy, was begun to-day under the aus
pices of the Brooklyn and British chess
clubs.
A large and enthusiastic crowd was in
during the entire day at the
Academy of Music assembly rooms,
Brooklyn, where the American end of the
Tontest is being waged.
At 9 o'clock lots "were drawn for first
move, and as the Americans won the
toss they selected to play the white on
the odd-numbered boards. Following is
the pairing together with the openings
adopted on the ten boards:
American. Grep.t Britain. Opening.
1— Pillsbury Blackburn Sicilian
2— Showalter Mason Irregular
S-Barry Lee .Caro-Kann
4— Hodges Mill!" Ruy Lopez
p— Hyn.es Atkins Ruy Lopez
<".— Volght Bellingham Sicilian
7— Marshall Ward Q Gambit Dec
fc— Bampton Jacicson Giuoco Piano
S— Newman Jacobs Dutch
10— Howcl! Mitchell Q Gambit Dec
Plllsbury, in the course of his Sicilian
defense adopted by Blackburn, offered to
sacrifice his pawn, which the wily Eng
lishman did not deem prudent to cut.
Eventually the American was graining
ground. Showalter defended himself
with a king's finchetto against Mason.
The latter failed to maintain the advan
tage gained in the opening, and the po
sition is fairly even now. Harry had the
superior game against Lee throughout
the day.
A lot of fine maneuvering characterized
the Ruy L,opez between Mills and Hodges.
The American held his own very well,
and was not slow in accumulating- slight
advantages which ought to insure him to
draw, to say the least Less favorable
Is the aspect presented by board No. 5.
In the morning Hymes had a. fine fame
ssrainst Atkins, but after recess thu po
sition turned in favor of the Englishman,
although there is plenty of fight left to
determine the issue. The most promis
ing: outlook affords at board No. 7. where
Marshall, after pulling out of a bad po-
Fition. wen a pawn from Ward. The re
maining games are about even, that on
No. 10 being a shade in favor of the
American player.
Play ivill be resumed to-morrow.
Americans and Englishmen
Maneuver in the Great Con
test That Is Carried on
by Means of the Cable
OPENING OF THE
INTERNATIONAL
CHESS TOURNEY
CINCINNATI. April 19.—Pittsburg-Cincin
natl game postponed; wet grounds. ' ; ? ;.
ST. LOUIS, April 19.— Powell and . Taylor
were not in form to-day. Their pitching -was
slow and they wens hit hard. .The weather
was very cold but clear. The new rules did
not make the same appreciably shorter. At
tendance, EOOO. Score:
It. H. E.
St. Louis 7 15 ¦. l
Chicago 8 17 2
Batteries— Powell, Ryan and Nichols; Tay
lor and Kline. Umpire— Emslle.
BOSTON, April 19.— The baseball season in
Boston formally opened this afternoon on the
National League grounds, Boston shutting out
New York by batting . Luther Taylor's curves
in all innings but the seventh. Nichols was
in fine form and allowed New York but five
scattered singles. The new foul strike rule
caused much merriment among the spectators,
but it shortened the game. Attendance, 65C0.
Score: -
R. II. » E.
Boston 7 15 2
New York 0 5 2
' Batteries— Nichols and Kittredge; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpire— O'Day.
BROOKLYN. ¦ April • 19.— Despite ¦ wintry
weather, 7600 enthusiastic spectators witnessed
the opening game between Brooklyn and Phila
delphia here to-day. ' Both sides fielded fault
lessly, but Philadelphia could do nothing with
the pitchine' of McCann, who allowed 'only
four hits. ¦ The I Brooklyns - made • few hits | off
Townsend, ; but took full advantage of ten
passes to first. Score:
. .- - R. * 'H. E.
Philadelphia .6 4 o
Brooklyn ...10 .8; "0
Batteries— Townsend ami Douglass; McCahn
and McGuire. Umpire— Coglan. ¦ '
SACRAMENTO, April 19.— San Francis
co defeated Sacramento this afternoon by
a score of 5 to 4/and thirteen innings were
played before the winning run was made.
It was by far the best game played In this
city in years. Doyle,-for Sacramento, and
Whalen, for San Francisco, were both in
fine form and pitched great ball. On both
sides the support was first class. Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.. E.
Hildebrand, cf 5 1 .'1 .1 6 0: ; 0
Schwartz. 2b 6 2 1 .0 1 4 . 1
Krug, ss 6 1 3 0 4. 4 - 1
Holland. If & 0 2 0 3 - 0 0
Pabst, lb 6 0 0 '0 13 . 0 0
Graham, c .'...5 0 2 0 6 0,0
Reilly. 3b 5 00 0 110
Nordyke, rf 50 2 0 400
"Whalen, p .51:00 1 .'. 3 ~ 0
Totals 47 5 '11 1 39. 12. 2
'SACRAMENTO., •;. ; ..' .
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss ....... 6 0-1 0 3 3 • 0
McGucken, cf 6 0 2 ••- 1 - 2 0 0
Courtney. 2b 6 ¦ 1 3 0 . 6" 2 Jr. 0
Hanlon, lb ........... 4 ,00 0. 12 0 0
McLaughlin, If ..... 4 - 1 ¦ . 0 0- 3 0 1
Doyle, p 6 , 1 1 0 ,. 1.. : 4 0
Sheehan, 3b .6 1 0 0 0 2,0
Stanley, c 6 0 3 0 7 0 0
Mitchell, rf .4 0 0 0 4 0 ;o
Stricklett, rf ........ 2 0 0 0 0 : 0 J)
Totals .....50 4 10 1 37 11 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 310000000000 1—5
Base hits 4 2 00 012 0 0 0 0 11—11
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 — 4
Base hits 0 21010021110 0—10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 4. "Whalen 2.
Two-base hits— Holland. Stanley. Courtney.
Sacrifice hits— McGucken. Mclaughlin. First
base on errors— Sacramento 2. First base ,on
called balls— Off Doyle 2, oft Whalen 6. Left
on bases— San Francisco 6, Sacramento 14.
Struck out— By Doyle 4, by Whalen 6. Passed
ball — Stanley. Time of game — Two hours and
fifteen minutes. Umpire— O'Connell. Official
scorer— Rutherford.
LEAGUE SEASON OPENS
¦ IN EASTERN CITIES
Inning Game.
Senators Defeated in a Thirteen-
SAN FBA2TCISCO WINS.
"- The Richmond Stars and the
Steel and "Wire Company . team meet
again .to-morrow at 11 a. m. at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds.
¦ Runs responsible for— Hale 3. Babbitt 5,
Mosklman 2. Three-base hit— Hutchlnson -1.
Two-base ' hits — BrockhoftV 2. Hutchinson 1,
Johnson 1, Arrellanes 1, Householder 1. Sac
rifice hit— Francks. First base on errors— Los
Angeles- 3, Oakland L First base on called
balls — Los Angeles 2, Oakland 5: Left on
bases — Los 'Angeles 9, Oakland 7. Struck out —
By Babbitt 3. Hartwell 3. Mosklman 1. Hit
by pitcher— Spies 1, Kelly 1. Time of game-
Two hours and fifteen minutes. . Umpire—
Donohue: Official scorer— McFarlln.iV.
; AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 3 2 1 .1 2 0 0
Francks, s.s 4 0 2 0-3 2 3
Arrellanes, 2b 5 0 3 0 5 4 2
Streib. lb 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Dunleavy. If 4 0 1 1 3 0 0
Moore, 3b 3 10 0 0 1!!
Held, rf 3 0 2 0 1 0 0
Lohman, c 4 1115 10
Babbitt, p... 1 0 12 0 0 0
Mosklman, p 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Totals 34 4 11 5 27 11 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 0 4 10 13 0 2—12
Base hits , 1 0 5 1 1 1 3 fi 3—15
Oakland : 1 2 0001000—4
Base hits .;...... .....1 2 10 12 2 0 2—11
SUMMARY.
Totals 43 12 15 .1 27 17 2
.. OAKLAND. .'
A*J. It. BH. SB. Pa A. E.
Brock hoff, 2b 5 3 2 0 1 3 o
Hutchtnson, lb & 3b 6 3 3 0 3 1 0
Householder, cf 6.3 4 0 3 0 1
Spies, c 5 Oil 6* 2 -0
C. ReUly, 3b 10 0 0 0 0 0
Kelly, s.s 4 1 1 0 3 6 0
Swindells, rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Bowman, If 4 0 2 0 1 0.0
Hale, p 1 0 0 0 02 0
Johnson, lb 5 11 0 9 2 1
Hartwell, p 4 1 10 0 10
L.OS ANGELES
Oakland tried two pitchers-rBab
bltt, whose delivery was - punctured"' ¦ bo
badly in the third irmng that :EwIns
called for a new machine, arid Mosklman,
who oiled up and lasted tho rest of th-3
same. But he also was an easy target for
the Los Angeles stickers.
The Angels worked a brace of twirlers,
Hale and Hartwell of II.ir.ford. Hale w«»
doing well at the tima of his relief. Hart
well was luckier than his pitching: war
ranted. He may develop.
Outside of the most fulsome errors by
the Dudes the one feature of the game
was the ejection of Reil'.y the handsome.
He fondly thought he had put Babbitt out
'at third and told UmDlre Donohue what
his thoughts . were* Mr. Umpire said:
"Pish; tush." Then Rellly looked liko a
school boy that was promised a licking
and he said somethlns. "Five dollars,"
was the umpiral reply. Reilly spake more
uncouth words and off the field tie went,
never to return again. The score:
Angels and Dudes came together yes
terday afternoon for the second time dur
ing the present series but not in a gamo
of baseball. The spectators tried to find
out what sort of a game the Oaklanders
were trying to play, but unsuccess
ful. ; When the nin^ innings v^ere complet-.
ed, somewhere about 5:30 p. m., the litt'.o
old crank in the stand had to be a.wak
ened and told that !t was all over and
that he should go home.
Oakland 4, Los Angeles 12.
Oaklands Play Like Amateurs
of the Lowest Grade—Sen
sational Baseball Seen
in the Capital City
ANGELS KNOCK
TWO PITCHERS
OUT OF THE BOX
COLLEGE ATHLETICS, BASEBALL, RACING, SWIMMING AND TRAP SHOOTING SPORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1901.
Sam Hildreth and Harry Stover Have a Close Finish
for the Place— Change of Management. *
PARSONS ASTRIDE CATASTROPHE
DEFEATS THE GENTLEMEN RIDERS
5
And grow weak and cxnausted when not properly nour-
ished, just as an engine Iose3 its power when the fuel runs low.
The loss of nervous power is seen in the foiling -health and th«
wasting form. • It is felt in the aching head, the throbbing heart
the irritability, indigestion, restlessness and loss of sleep Re-
build -the worn-out nerves, rest the tired brain and add new foe]
to the vital fires with" the best of all tonics, Dr. Miles' Nervine.
"I was siclc with typhoid and malarial fever for thre»
months, and after I recovered frotsr that I was left so
weak and nervous that I could not work. I fairly shook
all over, and in eating I could hardly bold a fork steady
enough to feed myself. I started to take Dr. Miles' Nerv-
ine, and received immediate benefits. Three bottles of I*
cured me." T. P. "Bucsususos, E. Alton, Bis.
is food for the worn-ont nerves acd the weary brain. 16
is a food for the over-taxed and. weak digestion. 1%
nourishes, fortifies and refreshes the whole system.
Scldbydrusg&sccszaraDteOi * Pb» Man Mxpxatf.Oo., KHrtmrt*. IB&David Bennett Hill say s: "The party of Jefferson,
Jackson and Tilden stiH lives." The news is "im
portant if true," and Hi!l should tell us in what sec
tion of the country the party is living and by what
n?mc it is known to the neighbors.
¦
If the report be true that Kaiser William is writing
a book it is safe to say all the critics in Germany are
laying in a supply of rofe'water ink and are practicing
taffy writing.
Buffalo is promising to break all exposition records'
uy having the Pan-American fully prepared. for vis
itors on the day it opens; but it is said. at the same
time that visitors will be admitted before the "formal"
opening, so there appears to be some uncertainty
about the meaning of the promise.
Ever since the death ct Victoria the Londoners have
been trying to raise about $1,000,000 to erect a
memorial to her Majesty, but have not yet succeeded;
while in Baltimore a sum in excess of that amount
rt-25 raised in about two weeks for the purpose of
endowing Johns Hopkins University. That is the dif
ference between Americans and the British in the way
of carrying out a movement when they get started.
A signboard "dominating Niagara Falls" is exactly
the' kind of billboard nuisance needed to convince the
American people of the disgrace that attends a "com
munity-th'at'. tolerates ~such abominations. The for
eign'-visitor who turns aside from the exposition "to
lcok .at the ' greatest of ' the j natural wonders . of the
Eastern States and sees it dominated. by an advertising
signboard will, be apt to conclude that we are bar
barians, ignorant of every beauty of nature and of art,
and capable of nothing butthe excessive laudation of
quack medicines and. such other stuff. as needs adver
tising of that kind... . 'y . .' /.; . . - .
It would be a : regrettable thing if the scheme an
nounced be permitted to be carried but, but the re
suit might'be beneficial. Sooner or later the people
of all parts 'of 4 the United States must deal with the
billboard and advertising -poster . nuisance, and the
desecration of Niagara Falls during' the Buffalo ex
position would doubtless help to • bring about: right
action on the subject.
•We learn from our Eastern exchanges that a cer
tain firm has sent "out a circular soliciting advertising
and announcing in great headlines: "The Biggest
Signboard on Earth. It Will Dominate Niagara Falls
and Be the Observed of All Observers at the'Pan-*
American Exposition." Descending to details, it an
nounces that the monstrosity will be thirty-seven feet
high and two hundred and eighty feet long, and a net
work of two miles of t .visted steel cables will be neces
sary to. keep it in position. It confidently makes the
further* assertion that it "will be so artistic a piece of
work as to thoroughly delight the millions of per
sons whose attention will be called to it."
The American people have borne the evil with pa
tience for a long tim*, but there is now a prospect
that they will have at the Buffalo exposition an object
lesson that will rouse them to take some adequate ac
tion toward suppressing it.
Of all. lands on earth the United States has
suffered most from that kind of nuisance; There is
hardly a jingle city whose streets are not defaced by
unsightly billboards r.nd flaring posters, and even
the country' has not escaped. The most beautiful
landscapes have been marred by them, and the scenery
of > historic, localities has been desecrated by their
hideous, presence.
UNSIGHTLY ADVERTISING.
UNSIGHTLY. advertising has long been one of
the nuisances of the age. i It has been carried to
such an extent that Jin every part of the world
protests have been made against it, and in all pro
gressive, communities where the people have any
artistic sense ordinances have been enacted either to
suppress it altogether or at least to so restrict it as
to eliminate some of its worst features.
36/8.
In commenting upon the Connecticut figures the
Springfield Republican says: "The 'Massachusetts
vital statistics of Course reveal the same population
tendencies. Those for the year 1900 are not at hand,
but the statistics of 1899 will do as well; and in order
to show that the country districts do not differ ma
terially from the urban in this' particular the figures
are given for several Counties as -well as for the State :
In all cases. the native deaths outnumber the births,
and the births among'the foreign* born far exceed the
deaths', and this is as true of the three rural counties
as it is of the' county comprising the city of Boston."
In explanation of this difference between the birth
and death rates of natives and foreigners there are of
fered many reasons, the most plausible- of which' is
that the strong and robust young natives emigrate to
the West in large numbers, leaving behind them old
people and children, among whom the death .rate, is
naturally high, while the foreign element is made up
of comparatively young men and women in the full
vigor of life. Whatever value may be possessed by
I that explanation, the fact remains that in New Eng-
1 ARLY reports from the census recently taken in
Great Britain show that the complete enumera-
* tion will probably reveal that the country is no
longer making any considerable increase in popula
tion. In fact,' in the rural, districts, from which the
first reports have been given out, there has been a
decline in population since the previous census, and
unless the big cities show large gains the population
as a whole will be found to be stationary.
Such reports from Great Britain will not be sur
prising, nor will they justify a conclusion' that ttie
population is dying out, like that of -France, for it is
well known that the British Islarrds furnish every year
a large number of emigrants to. the colonies of -the
empire and to the United States. A more remark- 1
able fact. is disclosed in reports from New England
that the native population of that section, mainly^ de
scended from British stock, is "dying out, while the
foieign population. is increasing. The diminution of
tilt native stock is not due wholly .to. emigration ro
the West. It appears from statistics recently collected
that in many localities of those States the birth rate of
the old New England stock is actually less than the
death rate.
Vital statistics collected in Connecticut for last
year show that in forty-one country towns and vil
lages peopled almost wholly J)y ( natives the deaths for
the year exceeded the births by 240. For the whols
State the native births numbered 8299 and the deaths
10,388, and the foreign births 8219 and deaths only
NEW ENGLAND VITAL STATISTICS.
i It has been discovered in Pennsylvania that the
roads -of a whole township have been macadamized
with rock streaked with gold, and the people are :n
doubt whether to tear up the macadam or to adver
tise the settlement as New Jerusalem.
The" magnificent display in the way of night decora
tion that was provided fc.-« the return of the California
Volunteers from the Philippines shows that in the way
of electrical illumination our streets can be made
glorious enough for any triumphal night. Such deco
rations, however, are of no value in the daytime, and
consequently they should be supplemented by exten
sive and artistic adornments of buildings, with the
bright colors of the national banner displayed at
every point of vantage. It will be remembered that
for the celebration of the return of the volunteers the
principal thoroughfares were decorated with 'ever
greens, and the effect was notably beautiful aud at
tractive. Now let us se: if we cannot surpass that ac
complishment. Each new achievement in San Fran
cisco should be better than anything of the kind" in
the past, and the welcome given to the President
should set a new mark ?r. the way of street decoration
that will be higher and better than any we have yet
known.
Upon a matter of this kind the citizens of San Fran
cisco should not heed n ; uch in the way of urging to
induce them to heartily co-operate with one another.
They should gladly unite in making the streets bril
liant and beautiful during the whole period of the
President's visit.
In their appeal the committee says: "This is the
first time in the history of our city that we will have
had the pleasure of enjoying the presence of the Presi
dent with his Cabinet and so many Government' offi
cials. The decorating committee will attend to the
illumination by- electric lights of some of the principal
Ftrcets of the city, but we rely upon the patriotism of
the residents of San Francisco to tastefully decorate
each his own premises and give our visitors Califor
nia's proverbially warm welcome. Let 'Old Glory/
the emblem of one of the greatest and most progres
sive nations on earth", wave from every housetop dur
ing Presidential week." , .
rROM the committee having in charge arrange
ments for decorating the city upon the occasion
of the coming visit of the President there has
been issued an earnest appeal to the citizens gener
ally to co-operate in xhz work. To that appeal prompt
attention and willing response should be given. The
time when the President is to arrive is riot so. far off.
?hat it is any too early to begin now to make prepara
tions for the suitable rulornment of the city.
THE PRESIDENT'S VISIT.
ANSWERS TO OOBBESFONDENTS.
MICE— A. S.. City. The most effective
way to rid a house of mice is to use traps,
freshly baited every night.
STREETCARS— F. G. B.. City. , Ths
number of streetcars operated in Saa
Francisco in the ear!y part of April was
647 daily.
A HALF-DOLLAH-T., City. A silver
half-dollar of 1810 does not command a
premium. Dealers offer to sell such for
TANNING-C. W. O.. Hilton. Cal. Ths
answer to your query about the tanning
of skins appeared in this department
April 16. . ,
THE MAGNETIC NEEDLE-^J. A. I*.
Crockett, Cal. The magnetic needle in tha
mariners' compass points only to tho
south when it is placed north of the mag
netic north i>ole.
WITHOUT FUNDS— J. A. L. Crockett,
City. A man who Is in debt and without
funds can only legally relieve himself of
those debts by going through insolvency.
He will have to engage the services of a
lawyer, who will advise him and tell him
what the cost will be.
MATRIMONIAL PAPER— J. E. M.,
Wildervllle, Or. Tho newspaper direct
ories do not contain the name of any
matrimonial paper published in the United
States.
COPYRIGHT-C. M.. City. If you will
write to the Librarian of Congress, Wash
ington, D. C, you will have sent to you
a blank form of application for copyright.
That will give you all the information
you may desire on the subject.
A WEDDING — G. A. K., City. To search
for "the account of a- wedding that ap
peared In The Call some years back"
without knowing the names of the parties
•would be an impossible task. In order to
search the flies there must be given tha
names and the approximate date.
WEIGHT OF GOLD AND SILVER— S.
S., Giant, Cal. A friend of this depart
ment connected with the office of the
assi$tant United States Treasury of this
city states that the answer given some
time 3ince aa to the weight of a million
dollars of gold and of silver was practi
cally correct, but that the following is
the exact weight of each:
One gold dollar weighs 23. 8 grains: one pound
troy 15760 grains) would be worth $223.2S5S-r-;
one Dound avoirduDois (7000 grains) would ba
worth 1271.3178+ ; $1000 sold would weigh, avoir
dupois, 3.6S37H pounda; $1,000,000 gold would
weigh, SavolrduDOls. 36S5.714 rounds.
A simpler method of ascertaining ths weight
of $1,000,000 In gold coin In avoirdupois Weight
is: If $1 weighs 25.S grains, then $1,000,000
weighs 25,S0O,0UO grains, which at 7000 grains
to <he pound avoirdupois equals 36&.714 pounds.
Oce ailver dollar welsha 412.5 grains; one
pound troy (5760 grains) "would be worth
$13.!)636-»- ; one pound avoirdupois <7000 grains)
would be worth $16.9696+; $1000 would weigh
avoirdupois M.9235+ pounds; $1,000,000 would
weigh avoirdi>ois 58,028.574- pounds. Simpler
method: If $1 silver weighs 412.5 grains, then
Jl 000.000 would weigh 412,500,000 grains, which
at 7000 grains to the pound avolrdpola equals
53,323.57+ pound3. y
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Phew! Did you hear old Kru3ty snarl
w.ien I wished him the compliments of the
season?"
"Yes. He seems to think pepper ard
vinegar the proper holiday season."—Phil
adelphia Press. .
That Eloquent New Title— "I see that
five indignant wives have united to prose
cute a gay Lothario out in Nebraska."
"Another community of interest."—
Cleveland Leader.
Church— I see Wall Street has a frank
furter trust.
. Gotham— Well, you know Bryan Bald
business would go to 'the dogs yet. — Ton-
I kers Statesman. »
Customer— Don't you know that some
high authorities advised us to show Ctil
namen no Quarter?
Song Slee — Air samee. no show qualter
no get laundly.— Chicago News.
Mr. Miserly— Now. let's see. little wife;
have you saved anything thia month?
Mrs. Miserly— Oh, yes. indeed. You
will find the expenses considerably less.
I have just been to see the grocer and
persuaded him to delay sending -hl» bill
until next month^ .-.•
"You know what a coincidence Is, I sup
pose?" queried the man with the news
paper to his fell passenger.
"You bet I do," was the hearty reply.
"Thirty years ago I was In Buffalo and
cead broke, and a man lent me 60 cent-*.
The other day I went back there to pay
It and thlrty-nve different men claimed to
be the right one and run the Interest on
the loan up to $3 50!"— Washington Post.
"These rooms are so small," said ths
house-hunter, looking around disapprov
ingly. "You couldn't sling a cat in any of
"No, madam." majestically replied the-
Janitor. "And you couldn't spank a baby
in any of them. We don't allow either cats
or babies in the building, madam."—Chi
cago Tribune.
NEW TORK, April 19.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York:
From San Francisco— W. H. Jones, at
Arlington; M. Siminoff. at Broadway Cen
tral; F. J. Upton and wife, at Everett: J.
F. Valentine, at Broadway Central; J.
Deming. at Imperial; L. Hutchinson, at
Hoffman; J. Reudiger. at Astor; Mrs. C-
H. Schultz, at Netherland; F. C. S. "Wells
and wife, at Cosmopolitan.
From San Diego— C. R. Woodward, at
Broadway Central.
CALIFOBUTAITS IN NEW YORK.
In justice to the British Ministry it must be ad
mitted they have a difficult problem to deal with: The
returns of the past year, as the Chancellor pointed out
in his speech, render it certain that the tax upon tea,
tobacco, beer and liquors has reached the limit of
profitable taxation, qnd consequently ho additional
burden can be imposed upon those articles. The only
means by. which an increase of revenues can be at
tained is by augmenting the income tax and imposing
import duties upon certain articles, and export duties
upon coal. The Government has adopted those means,
but has at the same time tried to make a show of con
tinuing the policy of free trade. It remains to be
seen how the plan will suit the British taxpayer. The
only thing about it that is sure at this time is that
Great Britain has taken the first step toward- a return
to protection, and free trade has been virtually aban
doned in practice while -defended theoretically in the
home of its friends. ¦. * " ; : . .' . .• ¦
If that be what is meant by "tariff for revenue only"
the workingmen of this country had better take no
tice of it. Such a tariff, according to the explanation
of the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, means a
tax imposed upon workingmen so adjusted that manu
facturers are to escape its burden's. We once had an
administration in this country thai designed a tariff
for revenue only, and the results were disastrous.
There may now be another example of it presented
in Great Britain. Should Parliament approve the
budget and the tax be imposed the laboring classes of
the British public will have a chance to see how the
system works, and it would not be surprising if at the
next general elections they pronounce upon it- a ver
dict not dissimilar to that of American workingmen
upon the Wilson tariff.
It will be perceived that the first declaration that
the duty is not to be protective is followed by another
declaration that duties are'-to be imposed on foreign
manufactured articles coming intoCcompetition with
the home article, and, moreover, the manufacturers
are to-be allowed drawbacks on goods exported.
Such statements show that the- Ministry has laid' out
for itself a crooked policy. A' tax is to. be imposed
upon sugar, says the Chancellor, but it is not to' be a
protective duty; it is designed solely that the labor
ing classes may contribute a share of the public rev
enues; the manufacturer is to find compensation in
drawbacks upon exported goods, and is, moreover, to
have his interests safeguarded against foreign competi
tion.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, in presenting the estimates for the com
ing year made an earnest effort to avoid the issue, and
entered into elaborate explanations of the proposed!
increase of customs duties. In the course of his speech
he said: "The country has reached a point where it
is necessary to widen the scope of taxation. ' * ¦ * *
I am not disposed to oppose a customs duty on manu
factured goods, as suggested by Sir Howard Vincent.
The average consumption of sugar is fifty-six pounds
per head. Sugar is taxed in every other country in
Europe and is taxed in the United States. In this
country. taxes remained upon sugar long after.the in
stitution of free trade. What I propose is not a pro
tective duty, but a public necessity j has ¦ arisen for
some duty, of -which the laboring classes should pay
a fair share. * * * I do not believe the duty will
injure. manufacturers using sugar to anything like the
amount feared. Of course provision will be made for
imposing -a duty on manufactured articles from for
eign countries coming into competition with the home
article, and for allowing manufacturers a drawback
on articles which they export." • ''
PUBLIC expectation concerning what the Brit
ish Ministry would do in the way of providing
revenues to meet the increased expenditures of
the Government was not far wrong in its forecast.
The prediction that there would be an increase of cus
toms duties has been realized to some extent, and the
issue between free trade and protection as a national
policy is fairly on. for pat tisan discussion. ?j
THE BRITISH BUDGET.
Grove P. Ayers of Redwood City i» at
the Grand.
Colonel E. E. Hardin, TJ. S. A., is at the
Occidental. \- -••-•¦'. =
Douglass Dallam of Kansas City. Mo.,
Is at the Palace. " (: j
William H. Devlin, the Sacramento at
torney, is at the Lick.
Dr. A. F. Wentworth, a surgeon in the
navy, is at the Occidental.
Frank Golden, a jewelry merchant of
Carson, Nev., is at the Lick.
A. B. Cox of Santa Cruz is at the Cali
fornia. He is accompanied by his wife.
George E. Carter, Assemblyman from
Los Angeles, is registered at the Grand.
Henry W. Lynch, a prominent cattle
man of San Luis Oblspo County, is at the
Grand. He is accompanied by his wire.
Hervey LJndiey. formely prominent la
the politics of this State, is registered at
the Palace from Klamathon, where he has
lumber Interests. •
PERSONAL MENTION.
SATURDAY APRIL 20, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Uiitit All Ccmmunieatioiu t» W. 8. LEAK. Hunger.
1 MANAGER'S OFFICE ........ jP*!S5i*!?!!L^55^i!L-52i
PUBLICATION OFFICE.*. .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL. BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered br Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week:
Mnjrle Copies, S Cents.
Terras br Stall, Including Postage t
riAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year $8M
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months >•«
DAILY CALL. {Including Sunday). 2 months *- M
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •*»
TVEEKLY CALU One Year 1 - 00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
¦mbscrlptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when reanested.
Mail eubscrlberp In ordering chansre of address should be
particular to rive both TCEW AXD OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAM) OFFICE ...... 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXKSS.
Kasager Fcreiga Advertising. Marietta Building. Chicago.
<Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2615.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: •
C C. CAB.LTOX. Herald 8«iare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -A etoria Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Square;
Murrey Hill Hotel.
' CHICAGO NEW8 STANDS?
Sherman H.ou*e: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., 5. W.
MORTON E. CRA\E, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until S:30 o'clock. 615'Larkln. open until
S 20 o'clock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
urtil 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
: Several systems for reporting and pub
lishing the 'proceedings of Congress and
for printing the documents and blanks far
Congress and the several executive de
partments.- were adopted, and upon trial,
found unsatisfactory before the present
system was established. The first Con
gress, which met In the city of New York,
had no official report of debates during
its sessions. During its second session, a
proposition to supply the members with
three copies each of a register of debates,"
made by the editor of a New Tork paper,
was voted down. In February, 1795, how
ever, a resolution offered by the Hon.
William Loughton Smith was passed, di
recting the Secretary of Sate to receive
proposals from stenographers for furnish ¦
ing accurate reports of debates. In Ja'.i
uary, 17S6, David Robertson of Peters
burg, Va., was appointed official reporter
to Congress. His annual salary was
fixed at $4000, which sum was in full for
his services, clerk hire, stationery and all
incidental expenses. , If was provided,
however, that if he should ' furnish a
manuscript copy of his report to Andrew
Brown, printer of the Philadelphia Ga
zette, the last-named gentleman was re
quired to pay therefor $1100 of the Roberc
son salary, leaving only $2900 to be • de
frayed from th,e Federal Treasury.
On October 31, 1800, Hamilton Smith
commenced the publication of the Na
tional Intelligencer, the seat of Govern
ment having been previously removed
from Philadelphia to Washington. Im
perfect reports of the debates in Con
gress were published in that journal. Mr.
Smith did his own reporting of debates,
and when his reports were written it was
his habit to send them to the several
gentlemen in either House who had taken
part in the discussions, and these gentle
men would revise their notes at their
leisure. Reporters were not at that time
permitted to occupy seats on the floor of
the Senate, and in 1802 Mr. Smith request
ed permission to occupy a position where
he could better listen to debates. Oppo
sition was made to this request, and
when those who objected found they were
in a minority they tried to provide that
reporters or "note-takers" should give
bond for their good behavior. This propo
sition was voted down, 16 to 12, and by a
similar vote the presiding officer of tho
Senate was authorized to allot a place
within the area of the chamber to any
stenographer or note-taker in his (the
presiding officer's) discretion. Joseph
Gales was employed as a stenographer in
the service of the Intelligencer in ISO.,
and in 1810 he purchased the interest of
Mr. Smith in that journal.
" Earliest Verbatim Reports.
Verbatim reports of proceedings in the
two branches of Congress were com
menced for the first time in December.
1833, in the Congressional Globe, published
by Messrs. .Blair & Rives.. The Globe was
at that time a weekly sheet, and con
tained simply a journal of the proceedings
and reports of such speeches as were
written by the members of the Senate or
House themselves.
In 1847 a contract was made with a Mr.
Houston, a stenographic reporter, to fur
nish daily verbatim reports of debates and
proceedings of the Senate for the press.
In August, 1846. Congress adopted a plan
for daily"- verbatim reports of debates in
each of the two houses of Congress. and
for their publication the succeeding
morning in two newspapers in the city of
Washington and subsequently in book
form. The contracts were subsequently
abandoned by the proprietors of both
journals and the work allotted to Mr.
John C. Rives, the debates to appear in
the Daily Globe, and subsequently in book
form.' In accordance with the provisions
of modified contracts, reports of Congres
sional debates were published In the
Globe until 1873. In March of that year
an act was passed by Congress providing
that the debates of Congress should be
printed by the Congressional printer, un
der the direction of the joint Committee
on Printing on the part of the Senate.
D. F Murphy was made official reporter
of the Senate, and the debates of Con
gress were published at the Government
Printing Office in the Congressional Rec
ord. The House of Representatives ap
proved of these arrangements, and, com
mencing with the Forty-third Congress,
the reports of debates have been published
in the Congressional Record from that
time to this.
Remarkable Speed of the Work. *
While the late Philetus Sawyer of Wis
consin was a'member of the -United States
Senate he : was one morning escorting a
member of the English House of Com
mons through the Capitol, when the lat
ter picked up a copy of the Congressional
Record, and, noticing the date of publi
cation, asked of what sessions of the two
houses of Congress the reports in the
Record were. The Senator answered that
ihev covered' all debates and other pro
ceedings of each house up to the time of
adjournment the preceding day. The
Englishman expressed his astonishment
at this information, saying reports of
Parliamentary debates were generally
thiee or four days behindhand in publi
cation.
When the fact is considered that each
page of the Record contains about 6000
cms of brevier type, or 10,000 ems of non
pareil type, the later embodying some
times many pages, of rule and figure work,
and that each issue of this publication
often , reaches as many as 100 pages of
solid matter, an accurate idea may be
formed of the amount of labor involved
in the reporting and printing of dally
verbatim reports of Congressional debates
and other proceedings. On June 5, 1900,
the first edition of the Record contained
128 pages, and a second edition contained
64 additional pages, making a total of 192
pages of that edition.
How Verbatim Reports Are Made.
The verbatim reports of debates and
other proceedings in Congress are made by
five reporters in «n.ch house. Each report
er occupies about llfteon minutes in tak
ing stenographic notes of a debute or
other proceedings, then retires from the
hall to a room »ear by, where he trans
lates his notes Into a phonograph, and
from the phonograph they are transferred
by typewriting into copy, ready for the
reportorial reviser, and by him.transmit
ted by a bicycle-mounted messenger to
the Congressional Record division of the
Government Printing Office.
The printing of documents and blanks
for Congress and the executive depart
ments has passed through several stages
of . evolution, keeping: pace with the
growth of tho population of the country
and the progress of mechanical invention.
During the sessions of the first Congress
the document printing and all other print
ing for the body was done 1 under the
authority^ of the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Represen
tatives, who made yearly contracts there
for. The estimate for this work. during
the first session of the first Congress was.
for the Senate, $2300, and covered the cost
of stationery ns well as printing, book
binding and other contingent or incidental
expenses. The estimate for the same
class of expenses of the house was $3657.
When the seat of Government was re
moved -to Philadelphia the printing • for
Congress was awarded by the Clerk of
the House of Representatives and the
Secretary of the Senate. The work was
executed- by the- proprietors of newspa
per oftlces. .When the capital was estab
lished in Washington types, presses, paper,
printers and even fuel had to be obtained
from other localities. Transportation fa
cilities were scarce and poor. Printing
supplies were poor." The plan recommend
ed and adopted provided that the Secre
tary of -.the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, within' thirty
days after the close of « each session of
Congress, should advertise for fuel,, sta
tionery; and printing for the next Con
gress. ; '
•• ' President Jefferson's Messages.
President Jefferson, Instead of personal
ly addressing the two houses of Congress,
as George Washington "and John 'Adams
had 'done, : i sent , his "annual- message., in
writing Awith accompanying: documents.
When printed these communications made
X.— THE LARGEST PBINTING OFFICE IN THE WORLD.
a small Quarto volume of only about 100
pages. In the House of Representatives
there was considerable discussion over
the question whether there should be 150
or '500 copies of this volume printed for
the use of Congress. A resolution In favor
of the larger number finally prevailed,
and the cost of printing and binding was
$520 75. . • " .
The secretary of the Senate and the
clerk of the House of Representatives
continued to award I the contracts for
printing for Congress under the system of
competitive bids until 1819. The work was
done by | different master printers in
Washington. vOne of them testified before
a Congressional committee that the entire
force employed at any time by these mas
ter printers did not exceed thirty to
thirty-flve and: another testified that the
price paid to journeyman printers in 1S19
during the session of Congress was HO a
week and $9 a week during the reces3.
Troubles Over Public Printing 1 .
In 1819 the manner in which the public
printing had been executed by the several
master printers was such that a joint
committee of Congress was appointed to
devise some plan tor doing the work in a
more satisfactory manner. The committee
considered the establishment of a national
printing office, with bindery and station
ery divisions attached, and were convinced
that this plan would be practicable, but
they deemed it not advisable to submit a
proposition on which there would prob
ably be a considerable diversity of opin
ion.
The committee submitted an alternative
recommendation for a tariff of prices for
all kinds of Government printing, and for
the choice by each house of Congress of a
printer to execute its own work during the
succeeding Congressional term. This rec
ommendation • was adopted by Congress
and the Congressional printers thus se
lected employed master. printers to exe
cute the work. With some modifications
this system was continued until the pres-
? n * Government Printing Office was es
tablished. In 1840 the Committee on Print
ng of the House of Representatives, as
the result of an Investigation on the sub
ject, made a unanimous report . in favor
of a public printing office, under proper
regulations, believing that "an immense
saving to the public treasury and the
abatement of an extensive political evil
would be the result.".
The Government Printing Office.
The cost of skilled labor has greatly in
creased since the establishment of the
Government printing: office in lS61i For
several years previously the wages of
compositors. and pressmen were fixed by
the printers' union at $14 a week In Feb
ruary, 1863, they were raised to $16 a week;
ieci e T« er> 1863> to $1& a week:. in June,
1864, to $21 a week: in November, 1864, to
$24 a week. The last named rate is the
one now received in the Government print
ing office by nearly all classes of skilled
workmen.
On ¥ a J 31 - 1S6 °- a 3olnt resolution was
Passed by Congress authorizing the es
tablishment of a Government printing of
fice and the appointment by the Presi
dent Of a superintendent of printing. John
D. Defrees of Indiana was appointed by
President Lincoln the first incumbent of
that office, and held K until August, 1S66,
when he was removed by President John
son. Cornelius Wendell succeeded Mr. De
frees by appointment by President John
son,-but was legislated out by the aboli
tion of the office. The title of "Congres
sional Printer" was substituted for that
of "Superintendent of Printing," and Mr.
Defrees was restored .o his old position
by vote of the Senate. In April, 1869, A.
M. Clapp of New York was elected by
the Senate to succeed Mr. Defrees as Con
gressional Printer, and held the office un
til July, 1876, when an act of Congress
was passed creating the office of Public
Printer, to be filled by appointment by
the President and confirmation by the
Senate. Mr. Clapp succeeded to that of
fice and administered its duties until June,
1877, when Mr. Defrees was appointed to
that position by President Hayes. Sterl
ing P. Rounds of Illinois was appointed
by President Arthur in April, 1882; Thomas
E. Benedict by President Cleveland in Sep
tember, 1S86. and in May, 1834; Frank W.
Palmer by President Harrison in May,
18S9, and by President McKinley in April,
1897.
For the uses of a Government printing
office the building erected by Cornelius
Wendell on the corner of H and North
Capitol streets was purchased by the Gov
ernment at a cost of $146,545.- This price
included materials, fixtures and machin
ery. - •
Publicity for Government Affairs.
I have been asked to explain precisely
what relation the Government Printing
Office plant sustains to the Federar Gov
ernment. The answer to this request
may be practically found in the brief
historical sketch of the plant already
given. From 1789 until 1861 nearly every
possible phase of the contract system for
obtaining necessary printing ! for Con
gress and the several executive depart
ments had been tried, every experiment
had proved unsatisfactory and had beer*
abandoned. Invitations to master print
ers, whether of newspaper, book or job
plants, for competitive bids led almost in
evitably to lower rates for doing the worK
than contractors could afford, and in
ferior workmanship or appeals to Con
gress for supplementary payments to
cover the losses were tne usual alterna
tives. The worst results -of the system
were the delays in the execution of the
work. No bond could furnish full in
demnity for such delays. Allusion to
these delays has been already made In
this article. No individual or corporate
contractor could afford to establish j.
plant on a scale large enough to do the
printing for the Government and take the
chances of losing the work at the expir
ation of his contract.
The establishment of the Government
Printing Office in 1S61 was an experiment.
At first the work was confined to the
printing of official blanKS and document*.
but this was deemed so satisfactory, bofa
as to cost and promptness of execution,
i that, the official- publication of debate."
and j other proceedings in Congress was
, authorized to be done at the Government
, Printing Office, and for a period of near
i ly three decades this record of Congres
¦ sional proceedings has been executed
r with such accuraoy and promptness as to
i elicit universal commendation.
Under no Government in tho world are
i official documents circulated among the
• people on a scale so liberal as In the
i United States.
I Some Notable Publications.
All the executive departments and all
i the bureaus of the Government of the
• United States make annual reports, which
\ are printed by authority of Congress for
> free distribution among the people. Some
• of tho documents are 'voluminous and
• those on subjects of general interest to
r the public are printed in large editions
. Reports of special committees authorized
i by Congress are also printed in large
• numbers for free distribution. The follow-
I ing are some of the documents thus pub
j lished: The President's annual message,
. 15,000 copies: abridgment of the message
• and documents. 12.000: report of the Com
- mlssioner of Education. 40,000- report of
t the Comptroller of the Currency l'OOO*
j report of the Interstate Commerce Com
5 mission, 35,000: report of the Bureau of
- Animal Industry, 32,000; report of the
- Commissioner of Labor, 27,000" year book
, of the Department of Agriculture. 500.000
1 Congressional directory (three editions)
- 54,000: horse book, issued by the Depart
r ment. of Agriculture (six edltiona), 410 000
- diseases of cattle (two editions). 120 000
- sheep .industry, 60,000: consular reports on
j cattle breeding and dairy farming, 29 000
r reports on the census, from 10,000 to 50 000
t each:, records of the War. of the Rebellion
- (130 volumes). 13.000: report of the chief of
¦ engineers of the "War Department (seven
volumes). 2850; messages and papers of the
. Presidents (ten volumes). 38.000.
The materials and facilities necessary
- for the prompt execution of such work
, are beyond the control of [ any individual
\ or * corporate establishments, 'but they
i have been proved to be essential in' the
. service of the Government.' That such, is
J the Judgment of. the la wmaking power la
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
By Frank "W. Palmer.
Uncle Sam's Printing Office at Washington
Is the Largest and Most Complete ,
in the Givilized World.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
'i The San .Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
land the old Puritan element is giving way rapidly
before a new population. -It is a case of conquest by
immigration, and one cf the most interesting features
of it is that the prolific immigrants are composed
very largely of French" Canadians. So that we have
the queer probability before us of a capture of New
England by the descendants of the people whom the
New Englanders helped to conquer and annex to the
British empire.
After all it is example that counts. Professor Her
ron has pointed a way to others that he seems not to
have followed himself. The other has simply taken
to the path himself in which he would have others
walk, and his example has been worth more than all
the professor's exhortations.
There is in California a venerable preacher who in
his early days of struggle and privation helped his
wife by doing the washing and ironing, scrubbing.
sweeping and other household drudgery. He did not
make florid talks about applied Christianity, but pro
ceeded to apply it in his daily life and within his own
door, helping and blessing those nearest to him. No
rich woman endowed him, nor took him to Europe.
He was hot known to the great world outside the
parishes he served in bis itinerant career, but he has
everywhere left an example of gentleness and service
that has probably formed more lives' to goodness of
purpose than were influenced by the endowed clerical
professor.
It is also said that his affections were transferred to
the daughter of his patroness. Those who remember
his addresses delivered in this State will recall the aus
terity of his judgment against those who sought a soft
life and refused to harden it by bearing the burdens
of others. It was to be expected that he would apply
his principles at home and instead of deserting his
family would have been found doing housework,
washing windows and cooking, to help his wife and
keep the pot boiling.
All the world is interested in a better life and never
neglects or coldly rejects counsel leading thereto.
But not all the world will ever be unmindful of the
personality of the counselor. For this reason it is un
fortunate for Professor Herron's brand of applied
Christianity that he seems to have failed to apply it in
his personal conduct and within his own household.
It is reported that he made the, tour of Europe with
his wealthy patroness and her daughter, and his wife
asked for a divorce on the ground of desertion and
non-support. In her petition she alleged that she and
their four children were practically left , to shift for
themselves, while the professor took in Europe, with
expenses paid.
For some reason his connection with the Congre
gational College at Grinnell was terminated, and he
enlarged his field of effort by appearing as a lecturer,
inculcating everywhere a severe morality and teaching
a quality of Christian duty which was supposed to
imply the appearance of millennial conditions when
ever accepted and made the rule of life.
He made a great stir in the country and was in the
habit of 'roasting the other clergy in a way that de
tracted from their peace of mind. He strove to make
them appear as false lights, blind guides and hypo
crites, like the Scribes and Pharisees. .
Those who teach and those who accept entire the
four gospels have taken in a spiritual sense, or as alle
gorical, much that Professor He-ron held to be literal
and made the foundation of his cult. -
IT has rarely proved possible to separate a doctrine
from the personality of its teacher. If he fail to
make what he teaches his own rule in daily life
his teaching is looked upon with suspicion and his
doctrine is discredited. Some years ago a rich woman
endowed sumptuously the chair of applied Christian
ity in Iowa College, at Grinnell, and Rev. Mr. Her
ron, a Congregational minister, was appointed pro
fessor of that science. We believe that his appoint
ment was a "condition of the endowment. Professor
Herron called himself a Christian socialist, and held
that pure Christianity is socialism of an advanced
type. We are not aware that his views were in exact
harmony with what is generally understood to be the
platform of the socialist organization.- They were
rather more radical, an J originated in giving a literal
sense to the utterances and historical records of the
four Evangelists.
APPLIED CHRISTIANITY*
manifest from the fact that a «ewn-«toiy
fireproof extension of the .^ ve ™™*"J
Printing Office was authorized several
months ago at a cost of 3 -" 00 ' f m *So"f
a total valuation of the plant of about
56,000,000. When the extension now in
course of erection shall be completed the
Government Printing Office wUlbe, if It la
not now. the largest and best- eq ulpped
combined printing and bookbinding estab
lishment In the world.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AP11IL 20/1901.
6
I
II
Native.
Foreign.
.599.
J Births. Deaths.
.Births. Deaths.
The State 22.409
Berkshire .......... 1,061
Franklin • • ' 438
Hampshire 505
Suffolk -4.568
34,310
•1,084 .
511
703--'
7,892
, 34,238
: 694:
236.
¦ v 476
JU524.
12,934
332
¦ 105
. 183
•3.028
I
II
Native.
Foreign.
.599.
J Births. Deaths.
.Births. Deaths.
The State 22.409
Berkshire .......... 1,061
Franklin • • ' 438
Hampshire 505
Suffolk -4.568
34,310
•1,084 .
511
703--'
7,892
, 34,238
: 694:
236.
¦ v 476
JU524.
12,934
332
¦ 105
. 183
•3.028
Call subscribers contemplating a change of
residence daring: the summer months cam have
their paper forwarded by mall to their: nevr
addreues br nottfyiner The Call Business Office.
Thi* pajicr will also be on sale at all summer
reaorta and la represented by at local agent la
Sill taws* «m the coast. '
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace HoteL*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound^ candy. Townsend'g.*
Ice cream chocolates, Boston mints, ala-
cuma. Townsend's, 633 Market street. . • I
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c Look
out 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas^
kets. 633 Market. Palace Hotel building. •
"Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. . *
Mrs. Mann— That young Mrs. Chllders
is dead. It •was awfully sudden. Isn't it
too bad?
Mr. Mann— And he was getting along so
famously at coloring his meerschaum.—
Boston Transcript.
Pecple of Impoverished blood fall an easy prey
to the "rliors of winter. Restore your vitality by
. the use of Dr. Slexerfa Angoatura BUUrfc
Columbia— "More Than Queen."
California— "The County Fair."
Central — "Ju!lu« Caeear."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. •
Alcazar— "Oh Susannah."
Orand Opera-house — "East Lynne.*"
Olj-mpla. corner Mason and Eddy «tre*t»— S peclaltle*.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening:.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Art Exhibition..
Hecreation Park— Baseball.
Metropolitan Temple— Lectures Monday, April 22. afternoon
an<3 evenins;.
Tanforan Park— Races.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By John Elder & Co.— Monday. April 22. at 2:30 o'clock,
r>ry Ooods and Gents" FumishJnes. at 1725% Market street.PASSEKTGERS HfJUREI>
AND ENGINES WRECKED
Disaster at a Curve on a Colorado
Railroad Results in Serious
(¦,V; I Damage.
FLORENCE* Colo., April 19.— A serious
head-on collision occurred on the Florence
and Cripple Creek road to-day near Rus
sell, seven miles north of this city. Six
persons were injured. They are:
Hugh Conway, Canyon City, fireman on
passenger train, left foot crushed: James
Maclaren, engineer on passenger, severely
cut about head, neck and shoulders; Engi
neer Mason, cut about face; John Brown,
conductor on passenger, back badly
wrenched; F. W. Perry, .Denver, chest
crushed; Charles T. Sprague, newspaper
man from Atlanta, Ga., nose broken and
cut about head.
The accident occurred on a sharp curve.
A light engine was coming from Cripple
Creek and was trying to make the siding
at Oro. Junta. The passenger train was
running at a speed of about ten miles
an hour. Both engines were demolished.
The responsibility for the collision has not
yet been fixed.
Railroad magnates, having arrived at
the conclusion - that it takes three times
as many cars to move a given quantity
of freight as it did in former times, have
turned the problem of correction over to
Midgley. Should his experiments prove
satisfactory the bureau will be made per
manent. Detention of cars at freight ter
minals is the greatest evil Midgley will
attempt to correct. It is said that chiefly
from this, cause the car- famine of the
last year resulted. , —
Railway officials declare that the aver
age daily | service of a freight car has
fallen to below twenty-flve miles tier day,
where formerly the average was ninety
five miles. The new bureau is to be in
the nature of a car tracing organization
which will see to it that a car, having
arrived at a terminal station, is quickly
unloaded 'and returned by the shortest
route to the road to which it belongs.
fro.ads of the United States are expected
to Interest themselves, is an experiment
which will soon be tried at the instance
of financial powers who have recently en
gineered gigantic changes in the railway
systems of the 'country. J. W. Midgley,
formerly chairman of the "Western Freight
Association, will have charge of the bu
reau, with headquarters at Kansas City.'
CHICAGO, April 19.— A bureau having
for its object an increased service from
freight cars, and in which all the rail-
Establishment of a Bureau
to Prevent Delay in
Service.
Railroads Will Soon Ex
periment With New
System. \ .
FOR QUICKER
FREIGHT MOVING
N'APA. April 1?.— The trial of Dr. Far
n<En for having "smashed" the Revere
House bar in this city, in emulation of
Carrie Nation, ended this evening, the
jury finding him guilty of malicious mis
rhitf. He w?s fined SSO.
"Dt". Farman Fined.
The Board of Supervisors has decided
upon the decorations for the county build-
Ir-gx for the carnival and has appropri
ated Fufficient funds to carry out its idea.
Official Decorator P. G. Murray will have
charge of the work, and the plan is to
place six forty-foot Venetian masts in
front of the Courthouse and Hall of Rec
orOh, at the curbing. At the top of each
mast will be a large carnival flag, under
v.-hich will be a cluster of American flags.
The base of each mast will be covered
with p3lms and evergreens and garlands
of ro=cs and grreen v.-ill bind them to
cether.
SAIC JOSE, April 13.— The number of
poets throughout the county of Santa
Clara brought to light by the desire of
the Rose Carnival committee for an ode
to do honor to President McKinley upon
his visit to this city on May 13 is surpris
ing. There has been no public request for
such a poem and no idea of a contest for
poetical supremacy, but it has become
pent rally understood that the souvenir
v-hioh will be presented to Mr. and Mrs.
McKinley will contain a few rhythmical
lines commemorative cf the occasion.
Xow each mail is bringing to the com
mittee a supply of McKinley poetry, from
the four-line blank verse iambic penta
meter to the column and a half of dog
gerel to the air "Marching Through Geor
gia." Some is good, some bad and some
indifferent; all is laudatory pt the Presi
dent. The verses for the souvenir have
h(-en ordered and written and the com
mittee is debating how to dispose of this
surplus. »
The Campania is fully a^ elegant in ap
pointment as the Olympia and is the
larpest car of its kind ever constructed,
being 76 feet 6 inches in length, 14 feet 2
inches high and 10 feet 4 inches wide.
The "Presidential Special" will be made
tip and will run to San Francisco in the
following- order: Special locomotive, At
lantic. Omena, Diana, dining car St.
James, Pelion, Charmion and President's
car Olympia. The compartment cars will
bo occupied by members of the Cabinet and
their wives. Secretary and Mrs. Cortel
ycu. Dr. and Mrs. Rixey. Mr. and Mrs.
Henry T. Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Charles A.
Moore, Hiss Wilson, Miss Barber, Law
rence Scott and Mr. Dignam. The draw
ing- room sleeping cars will be taken by
the? rine representatives of the press, the
railway passenger agents, telegraph man
agers and operators, clerks, stenographers
and other attendants of the Presidential
Tarty.
POETIC MTJSE IS UNLEASHED.
Eleg&nt Car for Return.
The combination car Atlantic is the
rr.ost expensive "bachelor" car ever built
in America. It is seventy feet long and
contains a smoking compartment twenty
Beet in length, with chairs, lounges, cabi
nets and a well stocked library. A hand
some buffet is also provided. Elsewhere in
the car is a barber shop and bathroom.
Mrs. McKinley will occupy one of the
largest private rooms and the President
the other. The car also contains a private
uming room and an observation room six
teen feet longr. fitted up in magnificent
•style.
The Omena and Diana have each seven
staterooms and two drawing rooms. The
care are elaborately furnished in gold and
upholstery. The Pelion and Charmion
have each twelve sections and a drawing:
room. The dining car St. James is by far
th<? handsomest ever built by the Pullman
Company. It has a capacity for serving
meals to forty people, and is seventy feel
long. Cut plass. with elegant silver, will
be used on the trip, and a large corps of
chefs and waiters will be carried.
Booms in Gorgeous Style.
The Olympia is one of the finest cars
ever built, and is a veritable palace on
wheels. It is seventy feet long and con
tains five private rooms and a sofa sec
tion, with accommodations for nine peo
ple. The two larger private rooms are
litted up with brass beds, dressers, mir
lors and wardrobes and have private
dressins rooms.
The cars chosen are the combination
baggage and smoking car Atlantic, the
dining car St. James, compartment car
Omtaa, compartment car Diana, drawing 1
room sleeping car Pelion and drawing
room sleeper Charmion. The President
has selected the private car Olympia tor
his own use on the outgoing trip to San
Francisco and will occupy the private car
Campania on the return trip.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
"VV.. WASHINGTON, April 19.— The com
position of the special train upon which
the President end his party will make the
31.000-mlle trip to the Pacific Coast and
return has been determined. The train
v.-ill consist of seven cars, all selected
from a list of more than 200 of the finest
owned by the Pullman Company. The
train will be officially known as the "Pres
idential Special," and will be made up in
the Pennsylvania Railroad yards here as
soon as the cars selected can be brought
to this city.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
Officials Making Final Prep
arations for the Jour-
Presidential Train Will
Have Seven Pine
Coaches.
GORGEOUS CARS
FOR THE TRIP
The News Letter comes out this week
as an automobile edition, with a hand
some two-page supplement showing some
of San Francisco's, smartest horseless
carriages and the men who own them. A
sensational society department has been
added to the paper in a series of articles
which Mrs. Chauncey de Witt will fur
nish ; from week to : week, : criticizing the
modes of dress affected by the ladies of
San . Francisco's : 500. " There are several
prominent names linked with good stories
In the - "Looker ¦ On," •• and . the • "ToVrn
Crier" bristles with satire. . •
This Week's !News Letter.
CHICAGO. April 18.— The funeral of
General Alexander C. McClurg, the pioneer
publisher of Chicago, took place to-day
from St. James Episcopal Church, the
Rev. J. S. Stone officiating.
The services were of the simplest char
acter and were attended by members of
the family and friends of the deceased.'
Among the latter were numerous members
of the Loyal Legion, and the following
committee from the Chicago Historical
Societv. to which General McClurg; be
longed for fifteen years: John J. -Jewel t,
Thomas Dent, Franklin H. Head, Frank
lin Moyeag. Charles F. Gunther. Eugene
H. Fishburn, S. H. Kerfott Jr., Robert
T. Lincoln, A. C. Bartlett, A. H. Burley
and T. M. Garrett. The interment was
made in Graceland Cemetery. \ .
PROMINENT MEN", MEET
AT GRAVE OF McCLTJRG
and th.e Sugar and Coffee Expor
• tation Revived.
' WASHINGTON, April 19.— The Colom
bian Minister. Dr. Martinez Silvela, has
received a cable dispatch from. Bogota
saying that the Government authorities
have the situation completely in hand,
peace and quiet -being restored at all im
portant points and the revolutionists be
ing scattered to the wild interior regions.
It adds that the extensive river commerce
has been resumed and that the exports of
coffee and sugar are being revived in a
most satisfactory manner.
United States Minister Hart at Bogota
has transmitted to the State Department
a translation of a decree of the Colombian
executive exempting the ! following arti
cles -from import duties "during- the con
tinuance of the present disturbed condi
tion of the public order and during sixty
days more": Sweet potatoes, potatoes,
onions, garlic, rice, corn, peas, lentils,
beans, sugar, . wheat, flour, lard, butter
and all kinds of vegetables, and grains
and gardent stuffs imported in their "na
tural state and without any preparation
whatever. . The decree took effect March 5.
River Commerce Has Been Resumed
TEOOPS OF COLOMBIA _^
SCAfTTE» REVOLUTIONISTS
Y far the largest attendance of 1
the week visited the industrial
and allied arts exhibition at Me-
chanics Pavilion yesterday after
noon and evening. A most inter
esting programme was rendered and the
Jewish Orphan Asylum band played selec
tions throughout the afternoon. Mrs.
Austin Sperry's "Illustrations of Old-Time
Industry" were enthusiastically received.
Pianoforte selections by pupils Of Pro
fessor Robert Tolme also elicited hearty
applause. A duo, "Phaeton," by Misses
Nellie Davenport and Elsa von Mander
scheid was very artistically rendered.
Other features of the afternoon musical
programme wsre selections from Mosz
kowskl and Chopin by Miss Davenport
and Miss Mandc-rscheid respectively.
In the evening Miss Cecilia Zinnen sang
the aria from Gounod's "Faust," accom
panied by Mr. Fred Maurer. She was fol
lowed by Miss Henriette Grothwell in the
"Sapphic Ode" to her own accompani
ment. Mr. and Mrs. Cadenaso gave a se
lected duet and were the recipients of
most cordial applause.
The exhibition will close to-night and
the California Club is to be congratu
lated upon its complete success. Every
element of encouragement for the annual
exhibitions has marked the course of this
one. the second given under the auspices
of the club. The exhibition has fully sub
served the purposes of its creation. All
that is best in California arts and crafts
was shown for the purposes of examina
tion and comparison, and aside from pro
viding a great 1-oon to artists and artisans
During the past winter the retail price
of ccal was so high that the Government
was appealed to for a reduction of the
duties on foreign coal, but this was not
granted. However, says Consul Bruner,
should the domestic supply be further
curtailed and prices advanced by reason
of another strike, it is not improbable
that, upon the renewal' of demands, the
Government will take measures to facili
tate the importation ot coal by a reduc
tion of duties and railway freight rates.
There is a likelihood, too, that other
trades will join thq strike, says Consul
Bruner, for iron workers, furnace men
and machinists realize that the scarcity
cf fuel caused by a strike of .the miners
would also throw them out of employ
ment. The silk and velvet ribbon weavers
are discussing the propriety of striking
at the same time.
WASHINGTON, AprlllD.— A strike by
the coal miners of France, planned to be
general and to include all the miners in
the country, is scheduled to take place
about the end of the coming June unless
terms are agreed upon before the date.
Thi3 latter eventuality is not expected, ac
cording to United States Consul Bruner
at St. Etienne in a report to the State
Department.
Every Coal Digger in
the ' Country May
Walk Out.
FRENCH MINERS
PLAN A STRIKE
Mrs. Scoville, Mrs. H. E. Hlghton, Mrs.
Jacob Brandt, Mrs. Ella Sexton. Mrs. N. H.
Cook, Mrs. Emil Poll, Mrs. Henry Dam-
The entertainments for this afternoon
and to-night are under the management
of Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, chairman of
"Committee B," whose energy and taste
have contributed in such a great measure
to the success of the exhibition. Mrs,
Cornwall's assistants are:
it has been highly instructive and enter
taining to the public. .
WASHINGTON, April 19.— Henry White,
secretary of the United States .Embassy
at London, was introduced to the Presi
dent to-day before the Cabinet meeting
by Secretary Hay. White Is here on his
annual visit to this country and will re
turn to England next month. He has
taken a great interest in the case of Mrs.
Maybrick. ,' ''
\ "The worst thing that could happen for
Mrs Maybrick," said he, "is for some one
to resume the agitation of her case in this
country. Her eventual freedom has been
delayed by the agitation over her. The
revival of the talk has led to abusive let
ters being sent to the English authorities
by people in this country. Even Queen
Victoria was the recipient of several let
ters from enthusiasts in Mrs. Maybrick's
cause. I have been working on the case
ever since Mrs. Maybrick was sent to
prison and at every opportunity to do
something for the unfortunate woman, I
have exerted myself with every Home
Secretary in the British Cabinet.
"I have no means of knowing what King
Edward will do, but I do not believe he
will interfere in the case The late Queen
made a strict rule to have nothing to do
with capital cases. Mrs. Maybrick is in
the Aylesbury prison and is kindly treat
ed. I hear indirectly froin her twice a
week. Her health is not seriously affected,
although she has not been in the -best
of health. She is fairly cheerful and has
a good prison record."
Secretary Henry "White
Tells, of Maybrick
Case.
kroeger, Mrs. 'Will E. Jackson, Mies Bernice
Scoville, Miss Caroline Snook, Miss Ida Ker
van, Miss Kallsher. Miss H. L. Stadtmuller,
Miss Jennie Long, Miss Lucy Hawthorn.
The final day's programmes are:
AFTERNOON.
Song, "Slciliana," from "Cavallerla Rusti
cana" P. MascasmI
Herbert Williams.
"Warren Roscoe Lucy, accompanist. . •
Violin solo....'. ...Miss AHeen McCab»
¦ Mrs. Noah Brandt, accompanist.
Bongs — . .
(a) "Spring 1 Morning". Nevlns
,(b) "Slave Song" Tereslna del Regio
Miss Eugenia Brown.
, Mrs. . Wllburn, accompanist. ,
Piano solo, "Lucia di Lammermoor" .Liszt
• Miss Helen Desmond.
Songs—
(a) "Absent" '. ..Metcalf
(b) "Good-bye" Tostl
Will G. "Wood.
Miss Marie "Wood, accompanist.
. EVKNING.
Song, prologue, Paglioccl Leoncavallo
Robert Lloyd.
Miss Edith Adams, accompanist.
Song, "Fanka's Song" Wisham
Mrs. A. Fletcher.
Robert Lloyd, accompanist. 1
Cello solo.. Dr. Arthur Regensburger
Songs —
(a) "Irish Folk Song" Frati
(b) "Winds in the Trees" ... Goring Thomas
Mrs. John Madden.
' Miss Edith Adams, accompanist. *
Knickerbocker quartet —
Herbert Williams, first. tenor: Dr. R.
W. Smith, second tenor; D./B. Crane,
first bass; L. A. Larsen, second bass.
TWO LADIES WHO WIIX. TAKE
PART IN TO-DAY'S MUSICAL
PROGRAMME.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 20; 1901.
California Club Highly Encouraged by the Public Interest and Support
Given Its Second Attempt to Elevate Products of State's Artists and
Artisans-Attendance Yesterday Greater Than on Any Preceding Day
BIG CROWD AT ARTS EXHIBITION
AND RENDITION OF RARE PROGRAMME
ney.
7
ABUSE WEAKENS
THEIR APPEALS
-ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT!
To-nleht and Sunday — Last Times,
In the Imperial Spectacle.
MORE THAN QUEEN
The most jorgeous production known to the
stage.
This attraction will not appear In Oakland.
The Columbia will be dark during the weeks
of April 22 and 29, owing to the Illness ,
of James K. Hackett and the can-
• cellatlon of his tour.
Reopening- May 6 with Herne's
' "SAG HARBOR."
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY),
APRIL 20.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c: children,
10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE. EXTRAORDINARY.
Erancesca Bedding and Co., Horace
Ctoldin, ' Barbareschi and Castel-
lano, . Prevost and Prevost, Hal
Stephens and Co., Josephine Gass-
man and Picks, George H. Woods,
The Great American Biograph.
Farewell Week of
TschernofPs Famous Dog Circus.
4M THf 4SS^l jBCj\ h|oX c^-^y J^mi^ jflGB
GRAND' OPEP?A MOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
- LAST NIGHTS OF
MISS FLORENCE STONE AND JACK
', WEBSTER.
• v In a Successful Revival of ¦ •
"EASTLYNNE."
Prices— 10c, 15c. 23c, 50c. Few Seats 75 cents.
Good Seat in Orchestra Saturday nd Sunday
Matinees. 25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
I NEXT WEEK— The Great Eastern Success,
; "UNDER TWO FLAGS.",
Miss Florence Stone as Cigarette.
Evenings at 3. Matinee Saturday at 2.
THIRD ENORMOUS 'WEEK!
The Greatest of All Hits,
tHE
V "HOOT ft\ON."
It Crowds the Theater Nightly.
HARTMAN as ABEL CONN. -
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON."'
POPULAR PRICES 25c and Me
Telephone — Bush 9. -
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LEAH MAY/rte Giantess.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
CAKEWALK
— AND
6ans-Mcfioyern_fight Pictures.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
METROPOLITAN HALL,
FIFTH ST., NEAR MARKET.
ERNEST SETON-THOMPSON,
-The Famous Naturalist and Writer.
Will Lecture MONDAY, April 22, Afternoon
and Evening, on
"HIS WILD AMMAL FRIENDS."
Under ¦ the 'Auspices of the California Club. .
Prices — $t, 75c and "50c. Children half price.
I Tickets at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Malt Breakfast Food, that scientific
combination of pure, fresh ¦ Malt and
choicest Wheat, aids digestion in a way
that no other grain food can do. Being
predigested, it does not tax and hamper
the stomach like irritating oat-meal and
other foods. Try Malt Breakfast Food in
your home for a week and mark the good
effects as far as your husband is con-
cerned. At all Grocers.
When a man commences breakfast with
Malt Breakfast Food he finishes the -meal
with a zest and relish that guarantee a
store of energy for the hours of work.
A man's success during the day in his
professional work, his office work, in the
warehouse or In the factory," depends
largely on his breakfast. If he leaves the
breakfast table half satisfied or half hun-
gry, his brain is worried and his digestive
organs are in a condition of disorder for
the whole day. A breakfast poorly begun
means that the work of the day drags and
does not receive that energy and attention
that insure success.
MALT BREAKFAST
FOOD.
Your . Husland's Breakfast
Have Him Begin .the Day With
AND JACK
AJJUSEMENTS.
eHT
Funniest Farce of the Year.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND ffCNDAT.
OH
¦ Made all New York laugh.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR NEXT WEEK.
New York's Sensational Comedy,
"THE CONQUERORS."
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES.
MATTNEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT,
NEIL BURGESS,
ABIGAIL PRUE SlNHIS P |£ G DUCT1 o N op
THE COUNTY FAIR
EVENING 23c, 35c, Me. 73c, & 0<)
MATINEE 2Sc. Me 73o
To-morrow Night Charles H. Tale's : '
"THE EVIL EYE."
BJ^ASCO*"aTHALi&jfejtf$?
¦ mxscmriuu
MATINEES TO-DAT AND SUNDAT.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAT EVENINO.
Positively last appearance of 7
ROBERT DOWNING
Supported by a powerful company, includln*
MASON MITCHELL. In a most magnifi-
cent production of
JULIUS OESAR
PDIfPS EVENINGS 10c, 15c. 25c. SSc, Mo
XU1WC3 MATINEES... 10c. lie. 2ao
Next Monday— "A FAIR REBEL*"
The most thrilling of military dramas.
Superb scenes. Plantation melodies.
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
AN EXHIBITION
—OF THE—
Industrial and Allied Arts
. IS NOW EM PROGRESS
IN THE ART GALLERY
— op —
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO CLOSE ON
SATTJRDAT EVE.. April 20.
Open Afternoons and Evenings.
Admission. 23c Season Tickets. Jl 50. Chil-
¦ dren. 10c
DA TEC TANFORAN
KALCJ_. PARK.
CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB. '.7
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
APRIL 30TH TO 27TH. INCLXTSIVB,
FINE CARD EVERT DAT.
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M.
.Trains from Third and Townsend streets— I.
10:30. 11:30 a. m. ; 12:40. 1. 1:30. 2 p. m.
Returning. leave track at 4:15 and thereafter
at short intervals. Rear cars reserved for
ladles and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FAREK Jl 25w
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
'R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
BASEBALL.
LOS ANOELEsTs OAKLAND.
SATURDAY AT 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION f*ARK m
Eighth - and Harrison ¦ streets. '
. ' olt ths Organs of Generation.
Price - $1 a . bottle. . For sale by druggists.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPEGIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cu?a ot Gonorrhoea, Gleets,
Strictures and analogous complaints
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing .-, and j developing-
done In the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 711 Market street. " •
Dameiy and Bancroft, Laura Lopez, Jack
Symonds. .Agnes Fried. Tom Mack. Moll and
Karl, Lecta Howard ¦ and Melville Coakley.
Reserved seats, 25c. " II a t i nee Sunday.
FT^niJFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
r iayil£ill O Admission 10c.
AMUSEMENTS.
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
•»GRAND H0TEL«-
•*PALAGE HOTEL^
&>~ M * -O
> bB ""*$£<£
(3^ - - cS H H H "^ A • "^i5
g^ Samples of Figprune are now
g^ being distributed in San Francisco
G>Z and we trust every family will try Z^
g7" the new food beverage.
g Figprune consists of |^™ s 3
g^ In California the fig and prune
«^ attain the highest degree of perfection Z^
g^ and these choice fruits, combined with
selected grains, scientifically blended, Z^
make the best and most nutritious
Cereal Coffee now on the market. Z^
jj^": Ask your Grocer for Sample. —^©
A TYUT^TVfTR k. nq F^iJTfi-
- THE
. ¦ i ¦ ¦ * t »T"IF YTTVIRFT^
. I .gm Jim /Jnra \j\Jljk.KJ 1im.LJ\J O
r^^^3 "x/wll^Q Going into Wholesale
Vj^^X -~ Business Exclusively*
To better protect our many dealers throughout the State, as well as
the territory tributary to the port of San Francisco, we have decided that
it is better not to come into competition with our dealers, and. therefore,
now offer our stock of elegant styles on repository floor at astonishingly,
low prices to close them out
NINE CARLOADS JUST RECEIVED,
Consisting of Fancy Traps. Extension Top Carriages, Stanhopis, Spi-
derettes, Gerrnantowns, Victorias, Surreys, Pneumatic Bike Wagrons,
Solid Rubber-Tire Runabouts, Spring Wagons, Road Wagons and Carts.
' Avail yourself of this opportunity to secure fine vehicles at prices
never before quoted in San Francisco.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO.
1321-25 Market Street, Between Ninth and Tenth.
N. B.— We have more vehicles of our cwn manufacture on our floor
than all the carriage houses of San Francisco combined. $iooo reward
for any vehicle sold by us having a • genuine Columbus Busrey Co.'s
name-plate thereon that was not manufactured by the Columbus Buggy
We were awarded the Gold Medal at Pari3 Exposition, iqoo. We
will show photograph of our exhibit and sell you duplicates of the prize-
winner.
-T..T.T MM M..M-M-M I I I I Z M- H.I"M"M"I"M"I"I"I"M-H"H HIM M-I
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^
Very small and as easy
to tslco ss sTLjar»
8EE ICARUS SS' SEE
GENUINE f |TJe E R "rSduyeb'. GENUINE
H PI LLS F0R CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPPR iLL-H FOR SALLOW SK1H. WRAPPFR
"iF^HSTTED O3ST RED PAPER."
"•« j£3-HJ:JvHf * n my^rrV^ tC Ere d% <gflThis morning Assistant District Attor
ney Greany will make the closing argu
ment for the prosecution and after the
charge by Judge Dunne the case will be
given to the jury for decision.
Morning and afternoon sessions j of the
trial yesterday were taken up by argu
ments of counsel. In the morning District
Attorney Byington delivered the, opening
statement for the prosecution. He re
viewed the evidence and characterized the
killing of Trewhella as a "colS-blooded,
deliberate assassination." He claimed
that Glaze lay in wait in a dark room and
shot Trewhella, who was unarmed, emp
tying his revolver, even after a fatal
wound had been inflicted. The District
Attorney dwelt upon the fact that three
bullets were fired into the back of Trew
hella, and said that the powder burns on
the body of the dead man proved conclu
sively that Glaze shot him' at close range
and not from a distance, as claimed.
"The evidence of O'Connor, the eye-wit
ness to the crime," said the District At
torney, "has been fully confirmed, both
by witnesses for the | prosecution and by
those of the defense. Glaze says that he
did noi know if he had wounded Trew
hella, yet he has said that when he. saw
his partner lying on the ground, he did
not stop to see if he could render assist
ance. Is this consistent with a plea of self
defense?"
The District Attorney reviewed the evi
dence of the men who claimed that they
had heard threats made by Trewhella
against Glaze and pronounced the testi
mony false. He dwelt strongly on the
purchase of cartridges by thffe accused a
short time before he shot Trewhella, and
on the trouble of the night before the kill
ing, in which Mrs. Glaze tpok part.
Peixotto Speaks for Hours.
. Attorney Pelxotto made the opening ad
dress for the defense and occupied three
hours in his speech. He reviewed the evi
dence of the case and claimed that the
character of Glaze had never been im
pugned, though the defense had opened
the door for such a step. Peixotto argued
that Trewhella had frequently threatened
Glaze, but that Glaze had always acted
the role of peacemaker and avoided
trouble. . ' , ¦
When Peixotto started to argue points
of law with the jury, the prosecution ob
jected and Judge Dunne insisted that the
attorney confine his speech to facts and
evidence. When Peixotto ignored the in
struction, the Judge reminded him of his
neglect and a warning of a fine for con
tempt of court guided Peixotto on the
right track.v -
The attorney for the defense claimed
that the purchase of cartridges by Glaze
was a natural act for a man who always
carried a revolver. ! He insisted that when
Glaze shot Trewhella he did so honestly,
lieving that his life was In danger, and
that ! O'Connor had lied when he claimed
that Glaze had asked him to : say that
Trewhella had shot himself.
Foote Ridicules the Evidence.
Attorney Foote closed for the defense
and did not make a long speech. He ridi
culed thevevidence of the prosecution, es
pecially that of the bellboy, O'Connor.
Foote claimed that the police and the
lawyers for Trewhella had hounded Glaze,
and that the prosecution was unfair and
biased. The attorney argued that Glaze
had simply defended himself when he
thought and believed his life was In peril,
and that his prosecution was chiefly actu
ated by revenee on the part of the rela
tives of Trewhella.
During the hearing- yesterday. Judge
Dooling of San Benlto County and Supe
rior Judges Murasky and Graham occu
pied seats beside Judge Dunne. The trial
will be resumed this morning at 10 o'clock.
Considerable Feeling Shown
by Counsel Yesterday
. in Speeches.
Final Argument and the
Charge to Jury "Will
End Trial.
GLAZE TO KNOW
HIS FATE TO-DAY
Steamer Movements.
.. SATURDAY, APRIL 20.
Sun rises 5:27
Sun sets .' .........6:49
Moon sets 9:17 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
tand column and the successive tides of the
(Jay In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the i United
Btates Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO arrive.
TO SAIL.
Supervisor W. N. McCarthy, chairman
of the Committee .on Telephones and Pub
lic Utilities, swore to a complaint In Judge
Cabanlss* court yesterday for the arrest
of Louis N. Glass, manager of the Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Company
on the charge of violating the ordinance
passed in May last year, which prohibits
the company from putting In use more
than a "five-party line." It is alleged
that the company is using a "ten-party
line" at "Polk 2742," in violation of the
ordinance, which was passed with the ob
ject of securing to the public an efficient
telephone service.
Enforcing Telephone Ordinance.
lulu. ¦ • ¦ ¦ ;• ?•
NEWCASTLE,. Aus— Arrived April 17— Schr
R C Glade, from Wallaroo.
MANILA— Arrived April 17— Br stmr Pak
Ling, hence March 22. . - '
IQUIQUE— Arrived April 16— Br ship Marion
Josiah, from Santa Rosalia.
GRIMSBY— Arrived April 17— Br ship Albyn,
hence Dec 22.
TYNE— Arrived April 17— Br ship Portia,
from Oregon.
IPSW1TCH— Arrived April 19— Fr bark Tou
raine, hence Nov 1.
: OCEAN STEAMERS. .
NEW YORK— Arrived April 19— Stmr No
madic, from Liverpool. ¦¦ ¦• - ... -
- PALERMO— Arrived April 17— Stmr Kalsow,
from Portland, Or, via St Vincent, C. V, and
Callao.
AUCKLAND-Arrived April 17-Stmr' Sono
ma, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Sydney. . . . •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived AprH 17— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston. .
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed April 19-Stmr Co
lumbia, from Hamburg, for New York.
BROWHBAD-Paised April 19— Stmr Georg
1c, Irom New York, for Liverpool. ¦¦' ' " .
GENOA— Arrived April 19— Stmr Trave.-from
New York, via Gibraltar and Naples. •
CHERBOURG— Sailed April 19, stmr Colum
bia, frcm Hamburg and Southampton; for New
York.
¦¦ . ¦ » ¦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low-
Waters .at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters ocour at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both olaces.
The Thomas Got Dispatch.
One of the smartest pieces of work ever
done on the water front was performed
by the army transport officials in getting
the Thomas ready for sea. At first it was
intended to send the big transport away
on May 1, but orders were issued to get
her ready to sail to-morrow, and the work
had to be done. On Monday the vessel
was; brought alongside the transport
v. harf late in the afternoon. Tuesday
morning gangs of men were at work and
the ship was cleaned and painted from
stem to stern. The machinery was over
hauled. 2400 tons of coal taken aboard so
?s to enable the transport to go direct to
Manila without a stop, stores for the
round trip were put aboard and 4000 tons
of freight stowed away in the holds. Last
night the Thomas was rea^y for sea and
will sail at noon to-day with 300 recruits
and 150 marines for the Philippines. Cap
tain Batchelder. assistant depot quarter
master, and Captain Barneson, marine su
perintendent, are justly proud of the
sir.art piece of work.
Bound for Cape Nome.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
steamships Jeanie and Thrasher sail this
afternoon for the Nome gold fields. The
Thrasher g-oes direct, but the Jeanle will
call at Seattle. These vessels were the
first to land their passengers on the beach
last year and the chances are they will
be the first to arrive this year. Both ves
sels were built for bucking the Ice and
Captains Mason and Ellis know the Arctic
as well as they. know the Pacific Ocean.
The Jeanie and Thrasher will therefore
go throug-h openings in the ice and make
headway ¦when other steamships are tied
up awaiting a chance to get through.
"Water Front Notes.
Sam Gulterez was thrown out of a wag
on yesterday and taken In an unconscious
condition to the Harbor .Hospital. The
boy was stealing a ride when the horse
ran away and he was thrown out on his
head.
The bark Gerard C. Tobey was leaking
when she reached port Thursday. There
was eighteen Inches of water in the hold
yesterday, so the work of discharging- her
sugar cargro Is being rushed.
The transports Egbert and Rosecrans
are to be sent to the gold fields this year.
masted schooner Mlndoro to-day. She IS
175 feet lonpr. 38 feet 6 inches beam and 14
feet deep. She is 700 tons burden.
A new steam schooner for Sudden &
Christiansen was launched at Eureka yes
terday, and a four-masted schooner is to
be launched at Grays Harbor next week.
BTEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Eric will load poles at Cowichan for
Santa Rosalia; the George Curtis and the
Gerard C. Tobey, merchandise for Honolulu;
the Iroquois, merchandise for New Fork. The
German bark Edmund is chartered for wheat
to Europe, usual options, 32s 6d.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer City of Para sailed yesterday
for Panama ,and way ports with a generil
cargo valued at $42,078, manifested as follows:
For Central America, $35,619; Mexico, $4026;
Panama, $2133. The following- were the prin
cipal shipments:
For Central America— 18 cs bottled beer, CO
cs candles, 243 tons coal, 980 gals coal oil, 38
bales domestics, 12 pkgs car material, 105 c«
dry goods, 3S13 bbls flour, 12 pkgs furniture,
117 pkgs groceries and provisions, 70 kegs white
lead, 10,250 lbs malt, 10 rolls matting, 9500 Ib3
corn flour, 5 pkgs machinery, 205 cs oil, 9 cs
photo goods, 205 crs potatoes, 31 pkgs paper,
12 pkgs paint, 2375 lbs rice, 9375 lbs rosin, 40,000
lbs salt, 2360 lbs soda, 7 cs tar, 33,055 lbs tal
low, 1266 gals wine, 52 bbls, 30 cs whisky.
For Mexico — 25 cs coal oil, 6 cs electrical sup-
plies. 29 pkgs groceries and provisions, 48 pkgs
hardware, 15 kegs nails, 15 crs potatoes, 25
flasks quicksilver, 15,300 lbs sulphur, 11,000 lbd
soda ash, 452 bdls snooks, 30 kegs staples, 223
gals wine.
For Panama — 10 bales dry goods, 220 cs soap,
40 bales hay, 17 bdls brooms, 50 bbls 'flour.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. i Friday, April 19.
Stmr Matteawan, Crosscup, 80 hours from
Taccirsa.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 86 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 43 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 11 hours from
Port Bragg-. .
Stmr Eureka, Jeasen, 23 hourB from Eureka.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, 3 day* 13 hours from
Tacoma. ¦
U S stmr Grant, Bruglere, 25 days 18. hours
from Manila, via Nagasaki 20 days 18 hours.
Brig Tanner, Newhall, 9 days from Port
Blakeley.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobson, 3 days from
Rogue River.
Schr S Danielson, Nelson, 3 days from Sius
law River.
CLEARED.
SAILED.
Friday, April 19.
Stmr City of Para, Porter, Panama and way
ports; Pacific Mail. SS Co. .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Jeanle, Mason, Seattle and Cape Nome;
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Chemainus; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Ship Indiana. Bolton, Bristol Bay: Alaska
Packers' Association. ¦
Bark Willscott, Macloon, Bristol Bay: Alaska
Packers' Association.
Friday, April 19.'
Stmr City of Para, Porter, Panama.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Ifulton, Levinson, Eureka.
U S stmr Pathfinder, Gilbert, cruise. »
Schr Louis, Genberg:, WHIapa Harbor. •
Schr i Albion, Larsen, Coquille River
Schr Rio Rey, Miller, Mendoclno.
Schr Free Trade, Johansen, .
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, -April IS— Ital ship Francesco
Ciampa, from Shields, for San Francisco, pre
viously reported at Gibraltar, has repaired and
proceeded.
SPOKEN.
fr^N-orf-olk! S for 1O MlniS- ShIP Sus^ ehal - *•
March 1, lat 2 N, Ion 26 W— Br ship Balla
chulish, from Hamburg, for 8anta Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 19, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour. -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Sailed April IS— Stmr Luella, for
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 18— Stmr Dolphin.
April 19 — Stmr City of Seattle,- for Skagnay
Arrived April • 19— Stmr Czarina, hence April
13; stmr Excelsior, from Valdez. ¦ ' ¦•
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 19— Schra'J
A Garfield and Jennie Stella, for San Pedro
TACOMA— Arrived April 19— Ship Tosemlte,
'uMPQTJA RIVER-rSailed April 16-Schr Sa
die, for San Pedro. '•'••• ;¦ "
EUREKA— Arrived April 19— Stmr Brunswick,
hence April 17; stmr Alcatraz, . hence April 17;
stmr Ruth, hence April 17; stmr Samoa, hence
April 18; bktn Katie Flickinger, hence April 17.
Arrived April 19— Stmr • Aberdeen, hence
April IS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 19— Schr Alcalde,
from Tacoma: schr Chas " E Falk, from Ta
coma; schr Esther Buhne. from Grays Har
bor. April 18— Schr W S Phelps, \ from Galla
pagos Island; bktn Portland, from. Grays Har
bor. , .
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived April 19^-Br
stmr Caithness, from Yokohama. ¦• <
Sailed April 19 — Schr Mahukona. for Sydney.
• PORT ANGELES— Arrived April 19— Stmr
Lakme, hence April 12. ¦ , -
Sailed April 19— Stmr Lakme.' for Vancouver.
COOS BAY— Arrived April 19— Stmr Empire,
hence April IS.
FOREIGN PORTS. ,*
MANILA-^Arrived April 17— Br *tmr Pak
Ling:, hence March 22. '
GUAYMAS— Sailed April 19— Schr Dauntless,
for Port Townsend. "
TAHITI— To sail April 11— Bktn Tropic Bird,
forSan Francisco.-
CARDIFF— Arrived April 18— Br ship Port
Caledonia, from Tacoma. . v*
LIMERICK— Arrived April 18-Fr bark Bour
baki, hence Dec 9. _-- • ....-•-.¦ ¦ • • . .
- BEACH Y HEAD— Passed April 18— Br T chip
Norraa, from Antwerp, for Tacoma. ¦ ¦¦ . . ¦ »
PORTISHEAD— Arrived April 18^-Fr, bark
Amiral Troude, hence Dec 9. ' '
ANJER— Passed prior to April 18— Ship : L
Schepp,* from New York.' for Manila. •'
QUEENSTOWJST— Sailed April IS— Br ship
Lauriston, for Birkenbead.
- AUCKLAND— Sailed April l*-6tmr. Sierra,
¦ for San Francisco. ¦ •
; Arrived . April 18— Stmr Sonoma, ¦ from Hono-
THE United States army transport
Grant arrived from the Philip
pines yesterday with all that is
left of the Twenty-ninth and Thir
ty-second Infantry and one com
pany of the Twenty-sixth Infantry. There
were also 129 convalescents aboard when
the steamship left Manila, but two of the
men died on the way over and several
more are still dangerously ill with pneu
monia.
The Grant brought home all told 1724
officers and men, as follows:
Company F, Twenty-sixth Infantry. 79 men;
Twenty-ninth Infantry. k66 men (including staff
and band); Thirty-second Infantry, 666 men
(including staff and baud); 12. hospital corps,
10 enlisted men on duty, 5 discharged men, 5
officers' servants, 6 stowaways, • 5 workaways,
127 sick and the following prisoners:
John J. Dalton, Company C, Twenty-ninth
Infantry; John Williams, Company M, Twen
ty-ninth Infantry; W. N. Walker, Company
E, Twenty- ninth Infantry; Virgil P. Bright,
Company B, Thirty-second Infantry; John
Allen, Company I, Thirty-second Infantry;
James H. Bryan, Company M, Thirty-second
Infantry.
Fred S. Oritt, private, Company M,
Fourteenth Infantry, died April 5 at 8:45
a..m., and Walter Hobbs, private. Com
pany C, Twenty-ninth Infantry, died April
6 at 2:40 a. m.
The officers of the Thirty-second Infan
try are:
Colonel L. A. Cralsr, Major C. E, Cabell,
Major M. J. Henry, Captains F. M. Rumbold,
L. Cravens, J. H. Culver, E. J. Griffith, A.
W. Brandt. J. P." Grinstead, C. D. Comfort
and G. Sevier; First Lieutenants G. G. Dennis,
G. P. Whitsett, Frank Werner, Archie Miller,
Grant Gillespie, G. H. Caldwell, J. M. Shook
and A. B. Schaeffer; Second Lieutenants W.
H. Clopton. B. R. Wade, P. Mowry, G. R.
Crawford, R. W. Morrison and G. H. Armltage.
Officers Twenty-ninth Infantry:
Colonel E. E. Harden, Major C. L. Anderson,'
Captains P. H. Stern, G. E. Lovell, C. Wil
coxson, O. T. Kenan, E. Hill, W. A. Paul, J.
Lonjrstreet, S. O. Fuqua and W. S. Faulkner;
First Lieutenants H. T. Brown, E. H. Al
wand, W. P. Clark, W. P. Screws, W. K.
Wheatley, G. M. Holley, R. J. Arnold, R. E.
Grinstead, R. O. Patterson, J. M. Kimborough,
L. S. Carson and W. S. Wells; Second Lieu
tenants T. S. Moorman, W. E. Persons, J. J.
Miller, W. B. Borham. R. S. Pike, E. O. Per
kins, W. B. Renziehauser and Dr. Joseph San
ford.
Other cabin passengers were:
First Lieutenant William Sullivan, Twenty
sixth Infantry; Second Lieutenant R. D. Mc-
Gregor, Twenty-sixth Infantry; Major William
W. Gilbert, paymaster; Lieutenant Colonel
Charles G. Starr. Eleventh Cavalry: Major F.
B. McKenna, Forty-sixth Infantry; Captain
A. M. Fuller, Ninth Cavalry; Captain J. L.
Thornburn, Thirty-ninth Infantry; Lieutenant
J. W. Jaginetty, Forty-first Infantry: Lieu
tenant T. F. Lyons. U. S. M. C. ; Dr. Starling
S. Wilcox, Dr. John F. Jones, Dr. Loring B.
Ohlinger, Martin A. Gilbert, George R. Green
leaf, Mrs. Jesse M. Baker, Mrs. R. E. Spence
and child, Mrs. Fred Howell. Mrs. G. P.
Whitsett, Mrs. I. S. Catlin, Mrs. William A.
Mann, Mrs. W. W. Gilbert, Prentiss Gilbert,
Mies Mary B. Talcott, Miss Agnes Sweet and
Miss Eliza B. Spear.
FOB THE COAST TEADE.
Four-Masted Barkentine and Four-
Masted Schooner Now
Building*.
San Francisco ship owners have every
faith in the future of the "wind jammer,"
and in consequence almost every shipyard
along the coast is rushed with work. Mat
thew Turner Is busy at Benicia on an
other of "the last I will build." This time
it will be a handsome four-masted bark
entine of 1100 tons burden. She will be
220 feet long, 42 feet beam and 17 feet deep.
Her sail plan will be peculiar, as she will
carry no gaff topsails. » Staysails will take
their place. The new vessel has not been
named, and Cai>tain Turner- says he will
not fix a name until the last 'moment. * —
Hay & "Wright will launch the four-
THE NEW FOUR-MASTED BARKENTINE NOW BUILDING AT BENICIA BY MATTHEW TURNER. SHE WILL.
HAVE A NOVEL SAIL PLAN, INASMUCH AS "SHE WILL HAVE NO GAFF TOPSAILS, THEIR PLACES BE
ING TAKEN BT STATSAILS.
O'HARE IS SAFE,
SAYS JACQUES
Charge of Abduction
Strenuously Denied
in Court.
Aged Capitalist Alleged to Be
in Minneapolis With
The case at Thomas Jacques of S28 Lom
bard street and his wife, . Caroline E.
Jacques, charged with* the abduction of
Joseph O'Hare, was called in Judge Ca
baniss* court yesterday morning'. As ar
ranged the previous night Jacques was
arrested at 7 o'clock yesterday morning
at his residence, and his wife at the St
Nicholas Hotel. The defendants were rep
resented by Greorge A.' Knight and the
complaining witness, Mrs. Margaret Gow
dey, of Brooklyn.' N. - Y.. niece of the old
man alleged to have been abducted, has
as her attorney "W. M. Cannon, but he
telephoned that he was unable to be pres
ent in court and was .willing to agree to a
continuance. •
After the defendants had been Instruct
ed as to their rights. Knight said:
"As I understand the facts of the case,
Mr. O'Hare is an old ffentleman who was
living with Mr. Jacques and his family
lor a number of years. In fact their ac
quaintanceship dates back thirty-five or
forty-five years. There are two sisters In
volved in this particular proceeding, one
•who- has sworn to the complaint -and the
ether, who Is in Minneapolis, now has
the custody of her uncle. Mr. O'Hare left
here some time ago and on the 18th of this
month Mrs. Jacques received a telegram
that Mr. O'Hare arrived In Minneapolis
well and happy. Bhe came out here unbe
known to the one who makes the com
plaint here and took her uncle away.
Jacques and his wife have been here all
the time and the old man is not here.
Those people have not been out of the
State and in no way, shape or form have
they kidnaped, arrested, abducted, stolen
or taken away the c-ld man. What I want
your Honor to do at this time is to fix a
nominal bail for the defendants to appear
hers at any time you may see fit for the
purpose of going Into the case."
Assistant District Attorney Henley
asked how long the defendants had lived
here and Knight replied, "Since 1856.
"Technically," said the Judge, "this
charge might bo made out even if In fact
the defendants never moved so far as one
Inch from this city with the old man,
Joseph O'Hare. The taking of a person
into custody, so to speak, with Intent to
<io something else, that is, to spirit that
person away— that would constitute the
offense. Mr. Knight, I ask you if you feel
absolutely sure and give me your personal
assurance that when these parties are
again needed in this case they will be
here."
Knlgrht replied that he would willingly
give his personal assurance they would
be there and added that Mr. Jacques had
livpd here for forty-five years.
The Judge then fixed the bail of each
defendant at $200 cash, and it was prompt
ly forthcoming:. A youth named Adolph
was in court with the defendants and
made himself so obnoxious that the bailiff
had to call him to order. The case was
continued till Tuesday.
The guardianship proceedings in Judge
Coffey's court were yesterday continued
till April 24, as Knight explained to the
Judge that the respondents were in the
custody of the police.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. .N.,' Mer
. chants' . Exchange, San • Francisco, Cal.,
..' April 19, 1901. — ¦ • ¦".¦¦- • ¦ : - "¦ . .
The time ball on the tower of the 'new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at "8
o'clock p. -m.,v Greenwich time. ¦ \ - ¦¦ ¦
. , ¦¦¦¦¦ • C. G.- CALKINS. '
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1901.
Both Fighting Organizations Return After Hard Campaigning With Their
Numbers Reduced Fully One-Half by the Bullets of the Filipino Insur
gents and by Disease— Other Passengers on Uncle Sam's Ship
TRANSPORT GRANT ARRIVES FROM
PHILIPPINES WITH TWO REGIMENTS
New Passenger Agent Named.
F. G. Hatch, agent at Haywards for
The Call, has secured an Important posi
tion as the Pacific Coast agent of the Chi
cago Great Western Railway. He has
just returned from a flying trip to Chi
cago.
The fate of Robert E. Glaze, on trial
for the murder of "William Trewhella, will
be decided by the jury to-day.
8
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
1L. W| H W L W H W
!0 ... 6:22—0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12 2.2 7T7IT
HW LW HW L.W
!1 ... 0:27 6.3 7:13—0.9 2:21 6.0 7:03 2.6
22... 1:15 6.1 8:10— 0.8 • 3:20 4.9 7:58 2.9
!3 ... 2:15 5.9 9:09 —0.5 4:22 4.8 9:10 3.2
!4 ...I .3:08 5.5 10:10 —0.2 5:25 4.9 10:30 3.2
'Ja ... 4:16 5.0 11:11 '0.2 6:21 5.0 11:52 2.8
!6 ... 5:31 .4.7 12:09 0.5 7:14 5.2
Bteamer.
From.
Due.
San Pedro
Columbia
Rainier
Hyades
Empire
Pomona.........
Bonita ....
Queen
Tanis
Argo
Titania
City of Puebla..
Crescent City...
Colon
Ne wburg
Alliance
Arcata..........
Mandalay.......
Eureka
Mariposa
North Fork. . . . .
Corona..........
Washtenaw
G. W. Elder....
feanta Rosa
Point Arena
Czarina...:
Nippon Maru...
Acme
San Pedro
Portland and Astoria..
Seattle & N. "Whatcom
Oyster Harbor
Coos Bay.................
Humboldt
Newport
San Diego .'....
Hamburg & Way Pts..
Coquille River
Nanaimo
Puget Sound Ports
Crescent City
Panama & Way Ports.
Grays Harbor
Portland and Coos Bay
Coos Bay
Coquille River
Humboldt
Honolulu
Humboldt
Newport
Tacoma
Portland & Astoria
San Diego
Point Arena
Seattle and Tacoma....
China and Japan. ......
Tillamook , Bay
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr .~20
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 21
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 25
Apr. 23
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 26
Apr. -26
Steamer.
Destination.
'Sails.
Pier.
San Pedro....
1 Point Arena..
Jeanie
Leelanaw.....
Santa Ana....
Eureka. ......
Umatllla
Santa Rosa...
Australia. . . . .
Argo...:......
Pomona. ......
Bonlta....
Columbia.....
April 20.
Humboldt
Point Arena
Nome via Seattle..
N. Y. v. Panama.
April 31.
Seattle • & Tacoma;
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports.
San Diego ..„
April 22.
Tahiti direct
April 23.
Coquille Elver ......
Humboldt .'.
Newport
Astoria & Portland
April 24.
Seattle & N. What.
San Diego
April 25.
Coos Bay ..'........I
China & Japan '
.April 26:
Grays Harbor .'.'.. \
Puget Sound Ports.
Ptlnd & Coos Bay.
Coquille River ....
INewport '..........'..
2 pm
2 pm
2 pm
2 pm
•
10 am
9 am
11 am;
9 am
4 pm
4 pm
2 pm
9 am
11 am
Pier • 2
Pier 2
OilWk
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier* 7
Pier 2
Pier • 9
Pier 11
Pier 24
Rainier.......
Queen
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
Arcata
Doric.."........
13 m
1 pm
Pier 13
PMSS I
Newburg
City Puebla..
Alliance.'."..'..
Mandalay
Corona......:.
ii'am
Pier —
Pier 9
Pier —
Pier —
Pier 11
9 am
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
1L. W| H W L W H W
!0 ... 6:22—0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12 2.2 7T7IT
HW LW HW L.W
!1 ... 0:27 6.3 7:13—0.9 2:21 6.0 7:03 2.6
22... 1:15 6.1 8:10— 0.8 • 3:20 4.9 7:58 2.9
!3 ... 2:15 5.9 9:09 —0.5 4:22 4.8 9:10 3.2
!4 ...I .3:08 5.5 10:10 —0.2 5:25 4.9 10:30 3.2
'Ja ... 4:16 5.0 11:11 '0.2 6:21 5.0 11:52 2.8
!6 ... 5:31 .4.7 12:09 0.5 7:14 5.2
Bteamer.
From.
Due.
San Pedro
Columbia
Rainier
Hyades
Empire
Pomona.........
Bonita ....
Queen
Tanis
Argo
Titania
City of Puebla..
Crescent City...
Colon
Ne wburg
Alliance
Arcata..........
Mandalay.......
Eureka
Mariposa
North Fork. . . . .
Corona..........
Washtenaw
G. W. Elder....
feanta Rosa
Point Arena
Czarina...:
Nippon Maru...
Acme
San Pedro
Portland and Astoria..
Seattle & N. "Whatcom
Oyster Harbor
Coos Bay.................
Humboldt
Newport
San Diego .'....
Hamburg & Way Pts..
Coquille River
Nanaimo
Puget Sound Ports
Crescent City
Panama & Way Ports.
Grays Harbor
Portland and Coos Bay
Coos Bay
Coquille River
Humboldt
Honolulu
Humboldt
Newport
Tacoma
Portland & Astoria
San Diego
Point Arena
Seattle and Tacoma....
China and Japan. ......
Tillamook , Bay
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr .~20
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 21
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 25
Apr. 23
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 26
Apr. -26
Steamer.
Destination.
'Sails.
Pier.
San Pedro....
1 Point Arena..
Jeanie
Leelanaw.....
Santa Ana....
Eureka. ......
Umatllla
Santa Rosa...
Australia. . . . .
Argo...:......
Pomona. ......
Bonlta....
Columbia.....
April 20.
Humboldt
Point Arena
Nome via Seattle..
N. Y. v. Panama.
April 31.
Seattle • & Tacoma;
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports.
San Diego ..„
April 22.
Tahiti direct
April 23.
Coquille Elver ......
Humboldt .'.
Newport
Astoria & Portland
April 24.
Seattle & N. What.
San Diego
April 25.
Coos Bay ..'........I
China & Japan '
.April 26:
Grays Harbor .'.'.. \
Puget Sound Ports.
Ptlnd & Coos Bay.
Coquille River ....
INewport '..........'..
2 pm
2 pm
2 pm
2 pm
•
10 am
9 am
11 am;
9 am
4 pm
4 pm
2 pm
9 am
11 am
Pier • 2
Pier 2
OilWk
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier* 7
Pier 2
Pier • 9
Pier 11
Pier 24
Rainier.......
Queen
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
Arcata
Doric.."........
13 m
1 pm
Pier 13
PMSS I
Newburg
City Puebla..
Alliance.'."..'..
Mandalay
Corona......:.
ii'am
Pier —
Pier 9
Pier —
Pier —
Pier 11
9 am
OCEAN TRAVEL-
OCTFrATT TBAVEL.
; Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ik ' Steamers leave Broadway
iL wharf, San Francisco:
' HSWii For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
BSSKji April 21. 26, May 1. Change to
}|fe*JwS5!*V Company's steamers at Se-
(M^SCT jRa For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
3£»|>i«^*J§Ai C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
£^^BaS|8ft Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
- a. m.. A'pril 21, 26, May land
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamera for Alaska and G.
N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. April
12, 23, 26, May 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angele3 and Redondo (Los An-«
£el eg )_Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a, m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month. .
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
' The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of Bailing
without nrevious notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel}.
GOODALL, PERKINS &CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St, San Francisco.
O.-R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
1 And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
.points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. 8, 13, 28, May 8
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
• . 1 Montgomery st., S. V.
O(saiflcs,sio.ss
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti '.
Tuesday, April 23, 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only).....
Saturday, April 27, 2 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia ...:..
• ; Thursday. Hay 9. 10 a. m.
J, D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., fieneral Agents, 327 Hsrist St
Bsa'l Passenger Gffise, 643 Market St, Pier No. 7, Pacific St
' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Praise
of Pie,
What do people compliment
first, when they bite into a lus-
cious looking pie? •
The filling? No.
The crust— isn't it?
, "What a delicious, crisp
crust!" they exclaim. What
makes a good crust?
Flour, water and what else?
White
Cottolene
, What is White Cottolene?
A pure,- vegetable product,
made of selected beef suet, and
pure i vegetable oil, odorless,
tasteless, neutral. Preferable to
hog fat in every way.
A pail of it will best prove its
superior merits as a shortening
agent. . -
f£3E!53f55 The N.K.Falrbank Company,
MW|-— — 4*Wl Chieasro-45ol& Manufacturers.
if^fSpyg.'i FRFF! Our dainty booklet,
\S&Sp**Ss73R_ riVCE I "a Public Secret,"
' BBBS-roiftSllsan mailed free to any address.
IflSiB^ScjwCr ** or two 2o stamps ws will
[i&Su&twi eeni free our 125-page recipe
\MW&2Z&%?J book. "Home Hel»s," editsd
by Mra^ Rorer.
P. S.— No Hofg Fat in COTTOLENE
DR.MEYERS&CO. v '^i@^K '
Specialists. Dls- Sap£ ¦ jf
ease and Weakness i&jat// \jb3L
of men. Estab- JSfiff *~0%&&5&ft\
lished 1881. Consul- WSE XS^* Y*T ;
tation and private v3J6j'f, ¦ frr>A t
book free, at office SSife,-, •'r^uSEl
or by mail. Cures l^kiMiKs*
guaranteed. 7«1 " IM SsaMffl
Market street (ele- A.^T6aiSiS>*S3*'
v a t o r entrance), , >«SlV /Pll*885i^
San Francisco. ¦*£MtSS$&'?s&£8^ii
BAY AND BIVEH STEAMERS.
Steamer ¦" Monticello."
MON., TUES., WED., THURS. AND SAT.,
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:13, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p." m." and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 a,- m.,' 8 D. m. ./Landing and office, ilis-
sion-st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 15C8.'
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m '
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamera for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ¦ t ,-- - r
SS. NIPPON MARU ;.. Friday. May 3, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. .Wednesday, May 29 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU.. Saturday, June 22 1901
• Round-trip tickets at "reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 . Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
Some Tromen like to be abused for the
sake of the comfort they derive from tell-
ing their neighbors about It..
Weekly Call, $1 per fear
• PyrogTaphy. machines,' skins 'for. burn-
Ing .and "wooden I novelties. New lot and
low prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. • ¦ ¦ •" •¦;/;:••""'.?.•/¦
COMPAGNIE 6ENESALE TEAN8ATLANTIQTO
DIRECT. LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <*SfT«fc
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, - : * i i*a*3*
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to . Havre, . $55 and upward. Second ; class to
Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA.. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F"
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San 1 Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents."" :
.Pacific iGoasLSteamship ; Co.
|fe NOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sa«
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with th« Company's New
and Splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
Th» Senator made nve tripa to N"om« last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mlshaD or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODAIJU PERKINS & CO.. Gen, Agts..
' 10 Market Street.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW Y0EK. 80UTHAMPT0S. I05D0N, PAKI8L,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 10 a. in.
New York May liNew York May 22
St. Paul May 8 St Paul May 23
St. Louis, May 15 St. Louis Juna S
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Zeeland May l'Pennland May 22
Friesland May 8 Kensington May 2D
Southvrark May 15| Zeeland .Tune 6
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
DEUTSCHLAND MAY 16. 2 P.M.
Columbia May 2/F. Bismarck May 9
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBURG.
Waldersee May 4 1 Pennsylvania ..May IS
•Batavia May lljPatricia Apr 27
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B"way. N- Y,
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California street.
PANAMA R, R. tsr"
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DISECT.
Cabin. 91 OS; Steerage, $40.
8. 6. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 20
8. 8. Argyll sails Monday, May 6
S. S.— • sails Monday, May 2O
From Harrison-st. Wharf, 2 p. m.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA n E VAPOTSES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
t^wl?} 1 ports. Salhng Section 2.
PERU May 2PALENA w™ ~n ¦
.GUATEMALA .May 15 LO A JtK £
tJi h^ 8t « am rV re J bullt «P r <«sly lor Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California, stwt
BALFOintr GUTHRIE & CO . J^nts.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
these cases has been the direct cause of
the health-revival 'that is now arousing
such tremendous enthusiasm!
That Santiago seconds Havana's in-
dorsement of Paine's celery compound
is shown by the following letter from
Belen Guerra:
Santiago, Cuba, Jan., igoi.
Wells, Richardson Co.:
Dear Sirs — I have had the gout in my
fingers and hands. My limbs were be-
numbed and I could hardly stand. I
went to several physicians. A druggist
advised me to use Paine's celery com-
pound. I began at once to pret better,
and to-day I am perfectly well. Nat-
urally I have great faith in Paine's cel-
ery compound. Very tsuly yours,
MRS. BELEN GUERRA.
Everyone in this springtime needs to*
purify the blood and regulate the nerve3.
Carry home to-day^— not by and by — a
bottle of Paine's celery compound. Cure
nervousness, neuralgia and rheumatism
this spring. You can now put your
health on a sound basis by means of
Paine's celery compound.
Such evidences of an unhealthy condi-
tion as those constant headaches, melan-
choly, dyspepsia or constipation rapidly
disappear under the cleansing, regulat-
ing action of Paine's celery compound.
CUBAN TEACHERS' VISIT
STARTS HEALTH REVIVAL
Paine's Celery Compound Doing Won-
derful Work Among Sick,
The visit of hundreds of bright Cuban
teachers to the United States last sum-
mer has caused a tremendous health-
revival in Havana and Santiago.
The American idea, "A sound mind in
a sound body," is one of the first lessons
Cuba and Porto Rico are learning.
But they are learning fast.
Whatever distrust Cubans may have
of American politicians, they have con-
fidence in America's greatest remedy,
Paine's celery compound.
It has opened the eyes of the people
of Havana and Santiago to the possibili-
ties of good health in a way their crude
remedies had never let them imagine.
Paine's celery compound is doinp: a
tremendous missionary work this spring
among the sick, not only throughout
the United States, but wherever the
American influence is felt.
The best families in Santiago are
taking Paine's celery compound. The
common people are looking after their
health as never before.' American phy-
sicians in Havana are ordering the
great spring remedy. Its health-giving
effect on friends and relatives who
first tried Paine's celery compound in
the United States has encouraged thou-
sands of despondent, hopeless suffefer3
at home to use it. The result in all
l«JH|Bp(flls^ For Summer c£ a y s i
IpSs^^Standard Shirts are nobby, true to Fashions dictates I
and right up to the minute in every point that goes to I
Leading furnishing and dry goods stores sell, them, h
¦ NEUSTADTER BROS.. Mfgrs.. San Francisco, California.^Sequoia Chapter, Daughters of the
American Revolution, celebrated the an
niversary of the battle of Lexington yes
terday by being hostess at a. magnificent
luncheon, given, in the Sorosis Club rooms.
It was one of the most elegant affairs of
the season. The clubrooms were- beauti
fully decorated for the occasion with a
wealth of red and white and blue flowers
and immense flags. The guests were seat
ed at small found tables, each one . of
which was made beautiful with a bunch
of flowers. Wheeler had charge of the
luncheon.'-. The following elaborate ¦ menu
was served:
Blue Point oysters, half-shell.
Consomme en tasse.
Relishes.
Chicken salad a la mayonnaise,
Celery, Queen olives, Vienna I rolls.
Entrees.
Spring lamb chops a la Richelieu.
I • Potato croquettes.
. Roast.
Roast squab, chicken, mushroom sauce,
Romaine salad.
Dessert. ' ,
Bouriches de fruit.' r Turban aux fruits.
• ¦ . - . Bombe surprise.
¦ Bouchette mocha. Petit ( fours. ' Glaces.
Salted almonds. Salted pecans.
Mint. Bonbons. % Coffee., .
After luncheon there was an informal
programme. Mrs. C. T. Mills, regent of
the chapter, read a charming historical
paper, as did also Miss Jane Seymour
KUnk and Miss Annie Edwards. Miss
Beulah George sang and Miss Keineen re
cited.- •
' Addresses were made by Mrs. J. Swift,
the State regent; Miss Babson, represent
ing the Oakland chapter; Miss Thomas,
representing the Grand Rapids chapter,
and Miss Leib, representing the San Jose
chapter. The meeting came to a very
pretty close by all the guests joining in
singing. "America." Those present were:
Miss Ellen C. Sargent, Mrs. William Willis.
Miss Jane Tolman, Mrs. William Humboldt
Layson, Mrs. A. Unger. Mrs. C. W. Moore,
Mrs. J. H. Pierce. Mrs. P. Everts. Mrs. Charle3
Ciuedell, Miss Estelle Farrington. Mrs. Otis
R. Johnson, MIbs Rollard, Mrs. P. H. Flood,
Mrs. C. T. Mills. Mrs. J. B. F. Davis, Mr3.
Dora Thurston. Miss G. M. Church, Mrs. Adam
Heberer. Mrs. Sweasey, Mrs. E. D. Bucking
ham, Mrs. John T. Merrill. Mrs. Walter Baker.
Mrs. Thomas- Larkin Thompson, Mrs. William.
Rigby, Mrs. M. S. Thompson, Mrs. Fred S.
Kellogg, Mrs. Margaret Jones, Miss Elizabeth
Jones, Mrs. D. G. Swan, Mrs. Calvin Moore,
Mrs. John H. Gilmore, Mrs. Achbrunner, Miss
Wright Mrs. J. F. French, Mrs. Phoebe Rock
well, Miss Babson, Miss Craft, Mrs. Winslow
Anderson. Mrs. H. A. Bolfing-, Mrs. D. W.
Horcburgh, Miss Field, Mrs. Theron R. Field.
Miss A. L. Towle, Mrs. E. L. McClure, Mrs.
G. A. Knight, Mrs. James Cooper, Mrs. de
Greayer, Miss . A. M. Chipman, Miss Sidney
Worth, Mrs. Irving Moulton. Mrs. J. H. Gil
more. Miss C. M. Stealey, Mrs. L. A. Ballard,
Mrs. Howard Overacker, Mrs. . F. Williams,
Miss Boyce, Mrs. Jabish Clement. Miss Evelyn
Bunting, Miss George. Mrs. F. O. Bunting,
Mrs. R. R. Dallam, Mrs. A. W. Moore, Mrs.
H. E. Thompson, Mrs. W. F. Baggett, Miss
Gillespie Miss A. Edwards, Mrs. J. T. D.
Middleton, Mrs. L. Kreiss, Miss. Klink, Mrs.
W. R. Smedberpr. Mrs. H. S. Temans, Miss
L. D. Painter, Miss P. W. Painter, Miss Bun
ker, Misa Bullock. Mrs. M. H. du Boise, Mrs.
W. H. McCormack, Mrs. L. M. Fletcher, Mrs.
A. J. Raisch, Mrs. R. R. Haskell, Mrs. C. F,
Sommer, Mrs. E. J. Jeffrey, Mrs R. H. Swayne,
Mrs. D. Overacker, Mrs. Stealey.
SONS OF THE BEV0LTJTI0N.
The Sons of the American devolution
met in annual social session last evening
iii the California Hotel. It 13 usual wlO)
the order to entertain at least once a vear
the Daughters of the Revolution, but ss
the organization has. been devoting its
energies to Its prospective reception of
the President it had littlts more thr.n an
informal gathering- last evening. The an
niversary on the 19th inct. was that of the
battle of Lexington. It was one of the
stated gatherings of the society *«nd is
provided for by the constitution.
Greetings were cent by Sequoia Chapter,
Daughters of the Revolution, and ad
dresses were made bv J. "W. Farrineton
and Giles H. Gray. Mr. Farrington spoko
of some of the historic places he has vis
ited in the East and Mr. Gray spoke on
"Concord and Lexingjf.n." The , guests
were received by the .--resident of the so
ciety, William H. Jordan, and the secre
tary, Edwin Bor.nell.
The delegates and alternates who have
been chosen to represent- the society at
the annual congress and triennial con
clave of the National society, to be held
in Pittsburg, Pa., 'April 30 and May 1 of
this year, are: Delegates— President,
"William H. Jordan: senior vice president,
George W. Spencer; 'Jelegate at large, J ;
W. Farrington; delegates, Commodore
John W. Moore, United States navy;
Granville D. Abbott, Fa.vette H. Reed,
Seabury C. Mastick, Byron Mauzy, Will
iam J. Dutton, Norris K.' Davis. Alter
nates, for president, Giles H. Gray; for
senior vice president, Dr. Charles Ander
son. United States army; for delegate at
large. Miles Standish: for delegate, "Wal
ter E. Dennison; Harry F. Gould, T. D.
Boardman, Dr. R. Cadwallader, Alex
ander G. Ellis, Levin J. Chase, Franklin
H. Day.
Tell Stories of First Gun
•Fired in the Cause of
Freedom.
Daughters of American
Revolution Celebrate
- the Event.
LEXINGTON DAY
IS REMEMBERED
Choice Stationery.
Everything in the line of office and cor
respondence stationery, fountain pens,
Koh-i-noor pencils,- legal .blanks, blank
books, typewriters' materials, diaries and
daily journals for. 1901 at the lowest possi
ble prices. Sanborn, .Vail & Co.;. 741 Mar
ket street. . •
Schoolboy Disappears.
Clinton Perry, tho 15-year-old son of
Mrs. Clinton P. Ferry of 2107% Webster
Street, left home Tuesday, April 9, with
out his mother's knowledge, and no traca
of him has been found since by Mrs.
Ferry or the police, to whom the matter
wrs reported.
The boy was a pupil at the Pacific
Heights Grammar School and is spoken of
In terms of praise by Ms teachers and as
sociates. Mrs. Ferry says he wanted to
quit "school and go to work, and her ro
fusal to consent, she believes, -was the
cause of his running away. She fears he
may have stowed away on some vessel
that has already sailed.
Colonel Clinton P. Ferry, the boy's*
father, is a prominent capitalist of Ta
coma. He la making every effort to find
hl3 son. ,
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY;.— Dr. George
W. 0"Donnell of this city, filed a petition in
insolvency yeBterday In tha United States Dis
trict . Court. His liabilities are $1741 50 and he
JOSEPH P. LE COUNT'S ESTATE.— The in
ventory and appraisement of the estate of the
late Joseph ' P. Le Count was ' filed yesterday.
The appraisers places a valuation of J41.S65 on
TRAPPED THIEF j SENTENCED.— John J.
Sullivan, who was neatly trapped while steal-
Ing a supposed case of whisky from the ware
house of McLeod & Hatje. 515 Market street,
was convicted by Judge Fritz yesterday and
sentenced to three, months in the County Jail.
HELD FOR BURGLARY.— Edward" Miller,
who was discovered in a room in the lodging
house, lOfi Geary street, by Mrs. Margaret Wil-'
Haras, the. .proprietress, and escaped after
knocking her down, -was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judgre Cabanisa . yester
day on the charge of burglary in $1000 bonds.
Reichstag Approves the
Bill Prolonging Rights
of Authors.
BERLIN, April 19.— The copyright bill,
which passed its second reading in the
Reichstag to-day, prolongs authors* rights
on dramatic and musical productions from
thirty to fifty years. The measure es
pecially protects composers in the pub
lic performance of their musical -works.
The Liberal press sharply condemns the
saccharine tax bill.
"There is no other conceivable reason
for it," says the Berliner Tageblatt, "save
that it throws another number of millions
annually Into the lap of the Agrarians."
A Government decree was published to
day abolishing Polish instructions In all
the gymnasiums in Posen. . .
Emperor William has presented his bust
in marble to the Duke of Abercorn, the
chief of the British accession mission, and
others members of the mission will also
receive gifts. .
Emperor William has sent to Emperor
Francis Joseph a telegram thanking him
for the reception accorded to Crown
Prince Frederick William during his re
cent visit to the Austrian court.
Major General von Haesler has been
appointed by the Emperor to succeed Gen
eral von Hahnke as chief of the military
Cabinet. Several new assistants have
also been appointed. •
It is rumored that these changes are
due to the fact that General von Hahnke
has frequently overstepped his proper
bounds of late.
FULLY PROTECTS
MUSICAL WORKS
Albert J. Le Breton delivered an enter
taining lecture last night to a large audi
ence at Metropolitan Temple. The lec
ture, given under the auspices of the Cali
fornia Camera Club, consisted of *read
ings from various poems and stories il
lustrated with stereopticon views. Par
ticularly attractive numbers were
Bryant's "Green River" and "Thanatop
sis" and ' "The Nest." A bass solo sung
by L. A. Larsen during the Intermission
was a pleasing feature.
California Camera Club Lecture.
kens (treasurer), J. Herrmann, J. Hartman
snen, t . ±iuber.
1 "^ Scheel - Wllllam
St^rf Lo^cheTb 11133 Geri = hten -
ScS^r!°MisrK m M^ MrS - E -' Thlele ' W -
Reception committee— O. Thiele, O. Ludwlir
Li. Schmidt. .
Booth committee— I* Sass, H. ' Behrens C
Roeber. , '
COEDES EXAMINATION
ON MTTBDER CHARGE
Defendant Is Held to Answer Before
the Superior Court by Judge
Conlaru
The preliminary examination of John H.
Cordes en the charge of murder for shoot
ing and killing John Carlson in the saloon
at 530 Pacific street on the morning of
April 4. when Peter Sjorgren was also
fatally shot, was held yesterday. Cordes
appeared in court with his head covered
with bandages as a result of his attempt
at suicide in his cell in the City Prison.
The witnesses examined were Katie
Eisel, the woman he had intended to
shoot, and Fay Lee, both waitresses in the
saloon, Paul Jones. Charles Nelson, Jos
eph Anderson. John Meade, Fred Clausen,
Sergeant Donovan and Policemen Cava
naugh and Fowle. Their evidence was
practically the same as given at the Cor
oner's inquest.
The Judge held the defendant to answer
before the Superior Court without bonds
and fixed the hearing on the second
charge of murder for the killing of Sjor
pren for Tuesday next.
management of the youngsters in his
charge is evidenced by their lusty appear
ance and rarely creditable gymnastic per
formances.
The following ladles, each with a corps
of assistants, are in charge of the differ
ent booths:
Mrs. A. Johanson. Eintracht booth;" Mrs E
Schmltt, flower booth; Mrs. A. Wirtner fish
pond and grab-bag; Miss M. Gimbell, shooting
booth; Mrs. H. Fried, fancy work booth; Mrs.
SCENE AT THE VEREIN EINTRACHT FAIR AND BALL, WHICH HAS
ACHIEVED A GREAT SUCCESS AND WHICH WILL BE CONTINUED
DURING THE WEEK. • . -
THE second evening of the fair, ex
hibition and ball given under the
auspices of the ladies of the Verein
Eintracht, now in progress at 237
Twelfth street, attracted a large
crowd last night. The entertainment will
continue to-night and Sunday afternoon
and evening.
The fair last night was given over chief
ly to the younger generation. Diminutive
Turners in their natty uniforms of gray
and red made merry without restraint un
til the small hours of the morning.
Many spirited voting competitions are
going on. The contest for a handsome
present, to be given to the "most beauti
ful lady," between a bevy of fascinating
femininity is getting interestins in the
extreme. Miss Florence Hays,- a buxom
belle, is in the lead with 144 votes to her
credit.
Miss Annie Gerichten holds a substan
tial advantage over her competitors for
the prize which will be awarded the "most
popular lady."
The large hall is a glittering mass of
color and festivity. Among the attrac
tions that are faithfully separating the
\isitors from their surplus dimes are the
Turkish harem, the fishpond and the for
tune tellers. ¦ .
The Eintracht booth is the largest and
most profitable. Here in addition to all
sorts of bric-a-brac and various house
hold articles Is displayed multi-colored
and dexterously worked creations of the
German housewife's fancy needlework.
The Verein Eintracht is doing a useful
work in the field of physical training and
maintains seven separate classes • each
week for its members of all ages. Pro
fessor Stahl's systematic and scientific
IROQUOIS CLUB
TO CELEBRATE
Historical Party Event
to Be Fittingly-
Observed.
The State League of Iroquol3 Clubs has
decided to hold the annual conference of
this year at Benicia on May 19. The con
vention usually meets on "Washington's
birthday, but the meeting "was postponed
this year in order to celebrate the anni
versary of the first Democratic conven
tion held in California at Benicia on May
19. 1S51.
The old State House, the historic build
ing in which the Leeislature held its
first sessions when Benicia was the capi
tal of the State, will be the scene of the
anniversary exercises.
Some of those who- participated In the
memorable convention were John Bigler,
afterward elected Governor, David Brod
erick, who was killed by Terry. Barclay
Henley's father, ex-Senators Latham and
Gwin and ex-Governor Weller. Samuel A.
Merritt of Salt Lake Citv and J.^H. Mc-
Kune, two of the original delegates, will
be present. In commemoration of the im
portant event, members ot the party and
hospitable citizens of Beulcia are pre
paring a fitting celebration.
The orator of the day has not yet been
selected, but a. musical programme has
been arranged and the citizens of Benicia
have planned drives and other amuse
ments for the guests. On the following
day. May 20. the regular annual business
meeting will be held and on the reauesc
of the National Democratic Committee,
steps will be taken "to perfect a more
thorough organization of the Iroquois
clubs of the State. - . '
The local club met last nlfrht and dis
cussed plans for the celebration. About
4000 guests are expected to attend and con
vention and measures are being taken to
assure proper hotel and other accommo
dations. - •
The f ollowinff have been selected as a
committee of arrangements on the affair:
Max Popper, chairman: J. C. Gorman,
secretary; H. L. Beanfleld, "William can
non, "William McMann, R. P. Troy and
Charles Gildea.
VOCALISTS WILL SING
FOB A WORTHY CAUSE
Porteous Club to Be Benefited by a
Concert Which. Will Be Given
Early Next Week.
A concert will be civen in Sherman and
Clay Hall on Tuesday evening next for
the benefit of the Porteous Club, an or
ganization for young women. The pro
gramme arranged for the occasion Is an
excellent one. Well known artists of this
city have volunteered their services and
ar the benefit is for a worthv cause a
large attendance is anticipated. Mine.
Anna von Meyerinck will direct the con
cert. The choruses will be sung by the
members of the Portecus Club Singing
Class. Among those who will appear are
Mrs. Cecillia Decker Cox. Miss Kauda
Fay. Miss I^ulu Feldheim. Miss Helen
Heath and Miss Mae Cullen. Little Hazel
Sexton will recite and Cecil Cowles. the
child, pianist, will render a number, of
classic selections.
The Porteous Club Is under the foster
ing care of the Social Science department
of the California Club, of which Mrs. Ar
thur W. Cornwall is chairman and Mrs.
Henry Damkroeger ;eader of Girls' Clul*
section. The club has Frown 'and pros
pered, until now the n.onthly dues paid
in by the members sustain two pleasant
club rooms in the Supreme Court duIIq.
Ins. with piano, books, periodicals, few
ing: machines, gas cooking range and
other necessities.
The directors of the Ohio Society met at
the Palace Hotel yesterday afternoon for
the purpose of considering plans for the
reception to be 'accorded Governor Nash
on his arrival in this city. The question
of arrangements for welcoming the Gov
ernor is one of extreme delicacy on ac
count of his arriving only a day ahead of
President McKinley or possibly on the
fame day. Nothing can be allowed to de
tract from the society's homage to the
President, and on the other hand Gover
nor Nash must not be made to feel that
he is only a secondary attraction.
The only time that the Ohioans as a
body will entertain the President is at the
banquet, which will be held from 6 o'clock
till midnight on the evening of May 16. It
is felt by some of the directors of the so
ciety, therefore, that Governor Nash
should receive the attention of the society
at all other times.
A street parade in honor of the Governor
Is one of the features that is inviting con
siderable debate. President Gleaves of
the Ohio Society states that there are
from thirty to forty thousand Ohloans in
California and undoubtedly a sufficient
number for a successful reception of this
kind will be present. The plan of calling
out available military forces for the pa
rade was also under discussion, but there
is some doubt as to whether the authori
ties would consent to their appearing on
both o<~rapions. Governor Nash and his
staff will remain in the city for a period
of ten days so far as can be determined
at present, and a programme will be ar
ranged which will give him ample oppor
tunity to see everything of especial inter
est during that time.
The Governor will be accompanied by
200 members of the Columbus Board of
Tradf in addition to his staff and the Ohio
(.'ongreEFmen. It was finally decided to
defer the settlement of the questions in
volved ijll to-morrow, when committees
•will report on the result of plans and in
vestigations into what may be done in the
way cf arranging a parade.
A special vessel has been chartered from
•which to view the launching of the battle
ship Ohio, and it will carry 3200 represen
tatives of the Ohio societies of California.
Funds are coming in to the satisfaction of
the finance committee and the other com
mittees report excellent progress.
Military and Civil Parade
the Feature Under
Discussion.
Arrangements Progress
ing for Reception to
Governor.
OHIO SOCIETY
BUSY PLANNING
NEARLY A MILLION DOLLARS
IS TO BE RECEIVED AS BALM
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W WASHINGTON, April 19.— Eight hun
dred thousand dollars will be the salve
for whatever injury was suffered by
Michael J. Dady & Co. of Brooklyn as a
result of the loss of a $13,000,000 Havana
sewerage contract. Two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars of this sum will be
paid by. the bidder who receives the con
tract for Havana work under a new
award to be made. The rest is the con
trlct price for dredging the harbor of Car
denas, which, according to reports 1 re
ceived from Cuba, is to be granted - to
"war Department officials profess ignor
ance of Cardenas contract awarded to
Dady & Co., saying this is a matter prop
erly within the jurisdiction of Major Gen
ei Sir William Van Home, the Canadian
railroad financier, has been able to partly
evade the -prohibition Imposed upon the
United States by the Foraker amend
ment. Appreciating that the administra
tion could not grant him a franchise for
the construction ot a railroad. Sir Wil
liam, taking advantage of a special enact
ment permitting owners to land to build
railroads upon that property without
Governmental permission, has purchased
at small cost a right of way from Cuban
land owners. While in Washington a few
days ago he confidently asserted to offi
cials of the War Department that -in two
years a railroad -would be in. operation
from one end of Cuba to the other.
Cuban municipalities retain the right to
grant rights of way across their jurisdic
tions. The United States, however, can
interfere by declining to grant Sir Wil
liam Van Home a permit to cross the
highways. It is understood the Secretary
has not granted the desired permit.
Cuban! are extremely anxious for addi
tional railway facilities, but the War De
partment has held that the Foraker
MES. DAVIDS "WANTED
IN SEVERAL CITIES
She Is Accused of: Stealing Jewelry
From Various Residences Where
Slie Called.
Mrs Nellie Davids, wife of the ex-man
ager of Al Neill, the pugilist, who was
arrested by Detectives Harper and Arm
strong Thursday afternoon, is wanted In
a number of cities for larceny. She is
wnntMl in Fresno for stealing Jewelry
f^om Mrs Reynolds on March 23 last, and
in Stockton for stealing various articles
of jewelry from colored people on March.
5. She is also wanted by the police in
Twer charges of burglary at least will
be preferred against her here, bhe is al
leged to have stolen a quantity of Jewel
ry from the residence of Mrs. Saphos, 1691
Geary street, April 10. and fromthe resi
dence, of Mrs. A. C. Walker, 2472 Market
street, April 13. She has been identified
by both women as the thief, and the stol
en property has been recovered from small
jewelry stores, where she sold it.
Mrs. Davids continues to protest her In
nocence and gives as an excuse for hav
ing sold so much jewelry that she has for
years traveled through the State selling
it. She was always accompanied by her
little . daughter. | Her husband is now em
ployed in poolrooms in Chicago.
amendment forbids the gTantlngr of fran
chises, and it Is not believed Secretary
Root will be a party to an evasion of the
law.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, APRIL 2O, 1901.
B. Burgh, coffee booth: Miss A. Gerlchten,
Katzcnjammer booth : Mrs. L.. Steers, lottery
booth; Miss H. EgebergV auction booth; Mrs.
C. F. Beckmann, German beer and wine booth;
Mrs Angerstein, cigar booth ;-, Mrs. J. Herr
mann, Elntracht Hall at night:- Miss L. Hein
icke. ice cream and candy booth; Mrs. Streu
ber, voting booth; Miss J. T-,ippi, fortune teller
booth; Mrs. Robert R. Scheel, Turkischer booth.
The committees in charge of the fair
are:
Arrangements committee — Mrs. A. Johanson
(president). Miss L.. Helnlcke (vice president),
Mrs. J. Herrmann (secretary), . Mrs. F. Geer-
Second Evening's Entertainment More Liberally Attended Than on Opening
of Exhibitions and Booths Do a Tremendous Business— Voting Contests
Very Close—Young Turners Appear in Clever Gymnastic Exercises
GLADNESS AND FESTIVITY REIGN
AT THE VEREIN EINTRACHT FAIR
9
POSTUM CEREAI*.
All Cannot B2 Brilliant No Matter
TO PASS THE CROWD.
How Healthy.
It probably comes to every thoughtful
person at times that there are plenty of
common, mediocre people, and that if
one determines to, he or she can press to
the front, pass the crowd, and win posi-
tion, fame and gold. It Is largely a matter
of determination and health. Many a de-
termined character with brilliant possibil-
ities is held back by 111 health. Some find
that bright, keen thoughts refuse to come
to their brains and wonder why.
The kind of brain work that makes
successful Merchants, Lawyers, Doctors,
Authors, etc. etc., makes heavy draughts
on the filling of the minute nerve cells of
the body, said filling being composed of
a greyish sort of material which must be
replaced day by day, or the brain and
other parts of the body will not act prop-
erly.
Coffee is a hidden but powerful enemy
to one's progress in life. Its subtle, nar-
otic poison •weakens heart. Interferes
with digestion and has a definite and de-
structive effect on the nervous system.
People who are content to load them-
selves •with impediments to progress, who
refuse to supply body with food and
drink of the kind needed to make up for
the daily disintegration of the nerves and
tissue must Eland aside In the race for
pre-eminence.
The ones who are properly fed will
surely win the laurels.
Postum Food Coffee furnishes the glu-
ten and phosphates of grain needed by
Nature to nourish brain and nerves with
food. It does hot narcotize and tear
down. It Is frequently misjudged on
first trial, because of Improper prepara-
tion, but it will be found to be a most de-
licious beverage, If, after boiling com-
mences, it be allowed to continue boiling-
for 15 minutes. This is necessary to ex-
tract the food value and flavor. -J." -.' *• .
There are those who are entirely care-
less as to what goes into the stomach, but
the one who would make all his move-
ments tend towards' health and . possible
greatness cannot afford to risk adulter-
ated food or drink or even coffee. . .
. According , to the ~ teachings of at least
one rabbi Eve was 'a -blonde.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
afflicted with sickness brought on r^^^^^^P ©«f" Hii
A young lady from Denver, Colo., recently wrote a letter I
to Mrs. Pinkham, which aptly pictures the condition of a I
frr&xt Tin any young women. She says * I
"This is the first opportunity I have found to 'write and thank you for I
the good your Vegetable Compound has done me. I feel better than I have I
for years. It seems a ' seven days' wonder ' to my friends. Where I used to
be pitied, everything is the opposite now, and there is not a day bat what
some one wants to know what I have done to make myself look so welL
"Before taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I had con-
stant headaches, was constipated, bloated, eyes weak and watery, bearing-
do wn pains, pains in the small of my back and right side ; took cold very
easily, which always caused intense pain in the ovaries, and I did not want
to go anywhere or see any one. I was called cross, but I could not help it,
feeling as. I did. I could not .lift anything or do any hard work 'without
suffering for days afterwards. Menstruation lasted for eight or ten days,
the first three or four days being almost constant pain day and night."
What a picture this is, and how unnecessary! Read the
letters which follow and see how easy it is to overcome
woman's suffering when you go the right way about it.
Nothing in this wide world has relieved so much female
suffering as has Liydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound; no ( medicine can produce such positive proof of
cures and good results ; therefore, no other medicine can be
' "just as good." Women should insist upon getting the med-
icine which has the best record, and which, they and every
druggist in the land know, has no equal.
Miss Thompson's Pains are Cured.
, "Dear JIes. Pdtkham:— I want%to tell you what Lydia E. Pink-
liam's Vegetable Compound has done for me. For several years I had
suffered with loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, constipation, palpitation of
the heart, headache, pains in nearly all parts of the Tbody. My physician
said it was only indigestion, but his medicine did not help me any. I began
the use of -your Vegetable Compound. I have taken four bottles and now
those troubles are cured. I cannot praise it enough."— Miss Belle S.
Teosipson, Box 14, Acushnet, Mass.
Just why Miss Thompson's physician diagnosed her
trouble as indigestion it is hard to understand. This mistake,
however, is frequently made. If you have any doubt about
your case, write to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass., for her
free advice. She will understand your symptoms' at once.
Miss Scholtes Tells of Suffering Overcome:
" Dear Mbs. Pujkham : — I to let you know that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has cured me of painful menstruation from
which I suffered terribly. I really believe that I would be insane to-day if it
had not baen for your medicine. I cannot praise your Compound enough,
and feel that if all who suffer from female troubles would put themselves
under your care and follow your advice, they will find relief from their
sufferings."— Miss K. E. Scholtes, Mt. Oliver.-Pittsburg, Pa. o
$BBB &t\ j*F& /0fek llPUf 1BH Owing to the fact that some skeptical
H ta » ) E B B IPS fp VVftJ O K 1 1 P eo P le h ? ve f rom time to tirac questioned
¥**i W £ v r fe ll UaiBi ¦¦ nllU the genuineness of the testimonial letters
m\h 8 § I W we are constantly publishing, we have
H p [ I Q deposited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mass., $5,000,
E? m| h '1? k ra which will be paid to any person who can show that the above
«£»/ff ' -* 1**7 testimonials are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the
f " r writers' special permission.— Lydia E. Pinkham Mbdicine Co.
MOMEYto
IMPROVIDENCE
Is an individual sin, bringing individual
punishment.
This laundry Ishere to protect you from
Improvidence In 'your laundry bills. We
save your linen by using best processes in
cleaning it, finishing it properly and re-
turn it promptly. Compared to others our
work Is a little ahead In quality and little
behind in price, because it's saving to your
pocketbook in wear and tear.
UNITED STAGES LAUNDRY
Office 100+ Market Street. 'J
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54. San Pablo Av».
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
60UT and DYSPEPSIA,
npiv'i/
HMMMIgH
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
j^|k Every Woman
*§^"!^.v'\\\\u,VA is Interested and shonldSnow
»boat the wonderful
SSfeS^S MARVEL Whirfing Spray
\\\*5>\v* SL>*s*V. tion and Suction. Best— 3af.
l_ e3t-Mo»t Convenient.
ItChUKtiuluUr,
A(k yw it «rr!« t !»>«•¦*. " Nfr. /SK. , __ , ,-^^
If h* cannot 3np{>!y the \ L tj^tr''///////i'/^<^
M.HlVCt, accept no \. -^T^C. j-
other, but send sramp for fl- >: vW f^'&»fX»
Instrated book-««l«d.It trtres - YA. / '•
full particulars and rtire<-tton» In- CbJf.W ,'S
valnable to ladies. JMRVEt CO.^'&J-tytiiim.m i
59G Mission St., San Franciaco. - C^iiiSS^ J
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooo
HOW I WAS MADE A GENERAL IN THE CHINESE ARMY.
¦ • • BY HOMER L^
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 00 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
00000000000000000000000000000000000000009000000000000000
o on"^™™"^"™^^™ 1^™^™^™ 00000 o 1^"™"" """^^^™^^^™™^^™^^™ 1^^™ — " o o
11 ONE HUNDRED HHH THE H
ll AND . milt COMMUTERS ||
IS TWENTY-FOUR SSSSSS AND ss
00 ... oooooo ' . . • *¦• - - • 00
Zl DAYS IN SZHZ THEIR ll
00 oooooo -.. 00
SS BESIEGED SSSSSS VARIOUS SS
i! KIMBERLEY. iiilii ¦¦: "STUNTS." is
00 '.~ 000090 - 00
00 By F. S.Clark of San Francisco, oooooo , By Isabel! Fraser. °°
00 .000000 . . 00
0 O 1 1 ,. . b m 11 „_, J n 0 0 0 O OlB—MMaBHapaaHH^BBBHi O O
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO 00 OOOOO O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O 0
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
THE SUNDAY CALL
™APML THE TWENTY-FIBST,_
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooo 000000000000000000 0 o 00 0 o 00000000000000000000000 o o
o of^^ """^"^^^"lo o 0 o o C I"'™ I ™"T I T""'™ I ""™^^™"*" II "^™™S ° o
I! THE COTILLON |i||f| FICTION, ||
00 AQ .'00*0.000 FA^HlftNQ °°
00 r\<* . . oooooo •*.. 1 r%\jll Q V/l 1O« .*; 00
00 - - oooooo - . * 00
00 • DANCED - ggoooo ' BOOKS I H
ll -BY ' • oooooo : " "and. • " ii
00 ¦¦* ¦ . oooooo .¦'¦""¦..¦ 00
ll NEW YORK'S llllll HUMAN INTEREST 11
ll FOUR HUNDRED. 'UVtll STORIES. : ii
00 .000000/ 00
00 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 00 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
000000000000000000600000000 00 000000000000000000 00 ooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WHO WERE THE HITTIT ES? ;
o??q^^^oooo^oooooCTooooooooooo^^oo^^ooo^oo^o^oo^o
000066000000000000000000000000000 ooooooo 00000 oooooo 00000
0000000000000000000 00000000000 00 00 00 000 00000000 oooooo 000
ADVEBTISTiTYrENTS.THE STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
Butter, Cheese and Egss are »ellln5 at last
week's prices.' * '
• The Poultry. market Ehow» tome chaitffe," and
Continued on PageTliirtcea.
Family Retail-Market.
Favorable crop reports, heavy bank clearings,
record-breaking railroad , earnings, a - large dis
tribution of spring and summer goods and .easy
collections ' give the business situation' an "en
couraging -aspect. Wall street speculation does
not ! yet discount any approaching reaction in
commercial lines, and the money market seems
to have turned the corner, . at least ; for the
present.- Cotton and woolen goods retain their
gain of . last week, though partly, on account
of the idleness of many ¦ mills. .." The wool mar
ket is steady, notwithstanding i the absence of
demand from large producers ; of goods.
Aside - from the • uneasiness ' caused by labor
controversies, no setback • has appeared in the
leading industry. Conditions . of supply and
demand ' are ~. similar ; to - those • existing . for- the
past few months; In some, lines purchasers 'are
Increasingly importunate, while in others there
is slightly less . urgency ; for prompt" shipment,*
but in all branches' of Iron and : steel : manufac
ture ' requirements < are 5 In :" excess of ; available
stocks. Recent s evidence ¦, of ; large grain . crops
has 1 brought agricultural . . implement , makers
Into '¦ the market • for bars;: and ¦ many, have con- .
tracted ' for their entire -. year's ; supply. ' An-
; NEW YORK, April 19.— R. G.. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will « say :
Dun's Revirju of Trade.
NEW TORK, April 19.— The metal market on
the whole was a slow one." . Speculation was
dormant, and business consisted ¦ of ; buying '. to
meet ; . Immediate • requirements and even this
was of small ' proportion.' '-.Tin' here ' showed \ a
nominal ; decline- of, about '25 .points in { sym
pathy ; with », the ' weakness , abroad, closing . flat
at * nominally $26.': Copner In '. London • declined
2s : 6d - to » £69 ¦ 10s : 9d ¦ for : spot ? and ; £70 10a : on
futures, ¦ but • the ; local -. situation continues i un
changed at ?17;for lake and $16 62% for casting.
Lead was dull C and unchanged " at ; %l 37%.
Nczv York Metal Market.
' CHICAGO, April 19.— CATTLE^Recelpts.
1500; -steers generally steady; butchers' stock,
strong; good to prime" steers," $5@6;'; poor- to
medium.- j $3 9C@4 95; v . stockers x and J feeders,
t2 750*4 90" ' cows and heifers, ¦ $2 85@4 85; S can
ners $2 10S2 75; bulls, $2 75@4 30; calves, ¦ *4@5 ;
fed steers, ?4 25@5 35; grassera,* $3 50@4; bulls.
* 2 H(K3S-JReceipts to-day, 14,000; to-morrow,
12 000- left over." 3500; opened 5c higher; closed
easier; top, *6 15; mixed and butchers, \ $5 75®
6 10; good to choice heavy, -Jo 90@6 15; rough
heavy. . $5 .75@5 85; light, J5 65@6; bulk of. sales,
JS 95@6 65. ¦¦¦••¦.¦¦¦ ¦ . ." ' ¦ .'¦
SHEEP— Receipts. ; 6C00; steady and stronger:
good to choice wethers. $4 75@5; fair to choice
mixed, $4 40@4 70; -Western' sheep, - S4 65@5;
yearlings, ?4 75@5; 'native ::< lambs, $4 65@5 3o;
Western lambs, $4 3(K!?5 35. • ;- i
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- ¦ M * y ; J r u &
Opening ; . ...••., 6 9* ; 5 9%
Closing .\. 59 ,69%
¦' PARIS. -
WTieat— April. May- Aug.
Onenine • ¦..' 18 45 -18 95
cS?.:::::;......... ~...i» «, 1900 .,
«...-••¦¦¦•••" »gp 11 |g
Closing .......: 23 10 23 80 ¦
. On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Market was weak. Creamery, 14@19%c; Dai
ries, ll@18c. -Cheese, firm, 10^4@ll%c. Eggs,
steady; fresh/ 12c.
.Articles—. ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27,000 ' ,22.000
Wheat/bushels ............... 79,000, : 156.000
Corn, bushels... 112.000 250.000
Oats, bushels .........;. 246,000 776,000
Rye, bushels ;r...Y..V... ' 6.000 -- : 2,000
Barley, bushels ......: 19,000 ¦¦ .7,003
• Cash quotations were as. follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat 70c; No.
2 red, 70%@72%c; No. 2 corn, 43%c; ; .No. 2 yel
low, 1 43%c; No. 2 oats, 26^4@26%c; No. 2 white,
2S%©29c; No. 3 white, 25@2Gc; No. 2 rye,; 53c;
good feeding barley; 41c; fair to choice malt-
Ing -52@55c; No. l'flax seed, 1 $1 50@l 52;. No. 1
Northwestern, $1 50®l 52; prime timothy : seed,
$3 75; mess pork, per barrel. ?14 40@14 45; lard,
per 100 pounds, . $S 15@8 17%: short ' ribs sides
(loose), $8 05#8 25; dry %alted shoulders
(boxed)' 6%@7%c; short clear sides . (boxed),
$S 25<g-8 3~Vi; whisky, baels of high wines, $1 27;
clover, contract grade, $11.' ¦ : : . . .' .....¦*¦
Business failures for the .week in the United
States number 212.' against 225 last week, 161
In this week a year ago, 187 In 18S9, 224 ,ln- 1898
and 216 in 1S97. Canadian failures for the .week
number 28, as aealnst 25 last week, . 19 In this
week a' year ago, 20 in 1S99, 15 in 1898 and 22
In 1897.. ... . ,
Wheat, including: Hour shipments, 'for the
week aggregate 5,306,217 bushels, against 6,405,
601 bushels last week, ¦ 3,898,451 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1900, 2,932,959 bushels In
1S99 and 3,232,100 bushels in 1898. From July 1
to date this season wheat exports are 167,533,
240 bushels, against 157,814,717 bushels last sea
son and 193,265,378 bushels In 1898-99.
Wool has been dull but steady. Large buyers
are out of the market, but smaller manufac
turers are buying some. Territory wools are in
chief request, but rather more • has been done
in Australian wools at Boston. . Strikes in silk
mills haVe dulled the raw silk market* *
The feature of the iron trade, aside from the
continued activity and aggressive strength of
prices, has been the apparent breaking in
the way of the strike clouds which have men
aced that Industry. Finished products rather
than the cruder forms, have figured prominent
ly this week, but pig iron, though quieter at
most markets, has not been . neglected, and
there is no loss of strength noted. Sales of
Bessemer pig at Pittsburg have aggregated a
large total, some of which Is for July delivery.
Special activity In bars is noted at Chicago and
sales of this and similar material are nearly
200,000 tons for the week. One implement manu
facturer Is reported to have alone taken 50,000
tons. Rails are also active and , the week's
business is figured at fully 100,000 tons. Wire
rods are $3 to $5 per ton higher at Pittsburg,
the latter price being for prompt (".ellvery.. The
other metals show little change on the week.
row will say:
Cold, rainy .weather, with Its concomitant .of
bad roadsr has been unfavorable to distribu
tive trade this week, a special complaint com
ing from : the Central .West and parts of the
Northwest. A similarly retarding effect . upon
corn . planting is noted at the South, where cot
ton and corn cultivation and germination are
reported from one to two weeks late. ' With
these exceptions, however, trade " developments
of the week have been in the main • favorable.
NEW TORK, April 19.— Bradstreefs to-mor-
Bradstreefs on Trade.
July .'.:.: 43% ¦ 43% 43Vz 43%
Oats No. 2— •:.-- ¦--;-.--
May :..; 2514 . 25% ' 25<4 25%
July ., 25 25»4 24% 25
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May... -...14 17% 14*42% '14 17% 14 40
July ..._......... ....14 32% 14 60 14 22% 14 60
Lard, 'per 100 pounds— . '" •'¦
May ..........: 8 05 8 10 •' 8 05 8 07%
July -...:. ....7 97% 8 05 7 97% 8 02%
September ......... 7 97% 8 05 7 97%* 8 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May.......: ...8 10 8 20 8 15 817%
July 7 90 7 07% 7 90 7 97%
September .....7 85 . 7 92% 7 S5 7 90
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . ...
Mayr. ......70% 71 70% 70%
July 7114 71% ' 70T4. 71%
Corn No. 2 — ;-¦»«¦¦•-.
April 43%
May ......:. K\Vt 44% 43% 44',4
CHICAGO, ¦ April 19.— A rather brisk trade
was enjoyed by. the wheat market during the'
first hour, largely because the news was any
thing, but clearly Indicative one. way or the
other. "Argentine shipments, according to the
Board of Trade . cable, were . much less than
they were a year ago,' but Liverpool . Ignored
the figures and registered a decline. The
cables, with the assistance of excellent weather
and undimmed crop prospects, had - the best
of the argument at the start, May opening
%@%c to %@%c lower at 70%@70%c. A re
port that the English weakness was , due to
selling of wheat bought in anticipation, of the
imposition of an import tariff on breadstuff s
gave the » bulls some iiope and they succeeded
in working a rally to 70%@71c during the first
hour. During this perlucl there had been some
outside Interest in the market, .but It was
soon withdrawn and even the ' local trade be
came dull. Lacking support May gradually
worked back to 70%c. The corn strength caused
some covering and May reacted to 70%c and
closed soon after In a fairly steady condition,
Vtc under yesterday at 70%(g)70%c.
Corn displayed considerable firmness/ which
seemed to be based chiefly on the aggressive
attitude of the bull leader. Aside from his
support little corn was wanted. May closed
J ,ic higher at 44%@44Kc.
Oats were dull. May closed a shade down
at 25Vi@25%c.
Provisions were fairly active. The market
opened firm on light hog receipts and sym
pathy with higher prices at the stockyards.
Profit-takingr by shorts caused further gains.
July pork closed 30c higher, lard 5c up and
ribs B@7 J /4c improved. . <
'The leading futures ranged as follows:
EASTERN MARKETS.
:*;•,• FRIDAY, April 19— S P. m.
"UNITED STATES BONDS.
V Bld.Ask. Bld.Asi.
4s coupon ....113%114 4s coup (new).139%140
4s registered.. 113%113Ti 3c quar coup..lllVall2'4,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C os.103% — Oak W Co 5s.lO2% —
Cal-st Cab 53.117 — Oceanic SS 5s. 103% —
C C Water 5s.lOO% — Om C R 6s. ...128 —
E L & P 6s...l28%133% Pac G Imp 4s. — —
F & Cl Ry 6S..115 — Pk & Cl R ta.WS —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Haw C 5%s... 106% — Powell-st R 6sl20 —
Haw C 5s 16%— S E O & R 53— 101
L A R R 6S..113 — S F & SJV Bs.113% —
L A L Co 6s.. — 102 S R of Cal 6s.H0 —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 S P of A 6s
Do sntd 5s. .100 102 (1909) 113 —
L A P R R 53.102% — Do (1910) .... — 114^4
Do 1st C 5s.. 101 — S P C 6s (19C3.
Market-st C 6s — 127% Series A)....10«% —
Do 1st C 5s.l22% — Do(Series B)10T(4 —
N C N G R 7s — 113% Do (1906) 110 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll3 — Do (1912) — —
N R of Cal 53.119 — S P C 1st g 53.108% —
N P R R 6s.. 102% — S P Br R 6a.. 133
N P R R 5s. .108% — S V Water 6s.ll3ti —
N C R 5s 111%— Do 4s 103% —
O G L & H 5s.lir/Va — Do 3d mtg..lO2% —
Oak Tr Co 6s.ll5 116 Stkn G & E 6a.l00 —
'fijgm WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 72 73 ISprlng Valley. 91& 9J
Marin County. 53% — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pac Lt Co 42% 43%
Equit Gas .... 3% 3% Sac E G & R. — — r
Mut El Lt... 414— S F G & E... 44% 44*4
O G L & H.. 50 E0% San Francisco. 4'i 4%
Pao Gas Imp.. 39M, — Stktn G & E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 232% — 'I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 72% — Lon P & A..:.147 —
Bank of Cal. ..406 — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.-lOSSi — S F National. — 125
1st N or S F.310 313
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — — •
S F Sav U 515 «r~
STREET RATLROAI> STOCKS.
Callfornla-st... — 140 |O S L & H.... 40 — '
Geary-st { 47% — (Presidio .23 SO
Market-st .... 70 — J
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co.. 77 — \Vigorit — »
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7% 7% Kllauea 20% —
Haw Com..... B7 58% Makawell 40% — .
Honokaa 31% — Onomea. 23 29
Hutch S P 20%— Paauhau 31% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack...l27 127% Oceanic SS Co 48 —
Cal Fruit Can— 98 Pac A F A... S —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Ctx — —
Mer Ex Assn. .110 — Par Paint Co. 18 —
Morning Session,
Board —
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5 per cent bda.102 2$
15 Kilauea Sugar P Co 20 75
60 Makawell 40 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 31 12^4
20 Pacific Gaa Imp 39 23
$10,000 S V 6 per cent bonds... 113 25
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mort)....103 75
Street—
175 Alaska Packers* Association 127 00
$3000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mort) 103 00
Afternoon/ 1 Session.
Board—
1050 Alaska Packers' Association ...... .127 00
10 Giant Powder Con 78 00
50 Hana. Plantation Co 7 50
I10OO Hawaiian C &. S Co 5 per cent bds.102 25
20 Honokaa S Co 8150
60 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 50
$7000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonda.113 23
100 Mutual Electric Light 4 50
$0000 Oakland Water 5 per cent bonds.. 102 50
$5000 Oceanic S S bonds 103 50
220 Onomea Sugar Co 28 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 3112ft
$4000 S P of A bonds (1909) .....113 00
Street—
J4000 S P of A bond3 (1909) 113 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
600 Bear Flag 19 ¦
200 Gala-Standard 39
1000 Cala-Standard 40
1 Hanford ." M CO
9 Hanford 93 00
1 Hanford. b 60.. 95 00
3S0 Home 3 70
400 Home, s SO 2 83
ICO Kern 7 50
1500 Monarch of Arizona, s 30 53 .
6CO Monarch of Arizona 59 ,
100 Occidental or W Va . 52
300 Oil City Petroleum .: <• 28
1000 Petroleum Center, s- 30 14 .
400 Wolverine 103
Testerday — Afternoon Board— .
S00 Four 4?
1C00 Four : 43
Afternoon Session.
1000 Cala-Standard 33
-- 3 Hanford • 94 00
5 Hanford ." 95 00
600 Home 3 70
200O Independence is
GOO Lion — :.. ."..:.'. „•_ 1*
, ¦¦ 20» McKIttrlck Consolidated- 07
: 100 Monarch of Arizona. 5*
; 6Q Monarch of Arizona, s 30 57
1 '200 Shamrock 90 ¦
100 Wolverine .* 165
SAX. FRANCISCO OIL EXCHASGB.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 Bear Flag IT
600 Bear Flag «-...„... 20
10O Home Oil 3 70
, 500 Independence .?... 13'
1000 Monarch of Arizona, b 30;... r> ,
50 San Joaquln O & D Co..™.;...:.... 9 g;Li
200 Sterling .'..;... .7.... . . S li
Afternoon Session. -
Board —
500 Bear Flag , 19
500 Bear Flag 20
200 Cal-Standard i,
600 Four Oil Co ;^I 48
5 Hanford* .'... „ " 95 00
COO Monarch of Arizona .....:... ; v ss
100 Monte Cristo **" • «
100 Monte : Cristo ;. ...;.. •••••- •»
"500 Petroleum Center .....1."*^ 14
' It is reported that the dividends of th« San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company are to b«
reduced from 33c to 25c per share.
The following dividends are payable to-day:
California Fruit Canners, 60c per share; Cali
fornia Powder, $1; Central Light and Power.
6c; Hutchlnson Plantation. 20c; Spring Valley
Water, 42c.
STOCK AND BO2TD EXCHANGE.
Business was dull on the morsinr session of
the Bond Exchangs and . prices showed little
variation.
The afternoon was equally quiet and feature
less. •
The oil stocks sold fairly, but fluctuation*
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday; light westerly
winds.
Utah— Fair Saturday: light northerly winds.
Arizona — Cloudy Saturday; light coutbwest
winds.
t-p.n Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Saturday;
light southwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
¦>.- ¦ Forecast Official. .
/ FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
coast during the past 24 hours. A moderate
storm has appeared over Western Washington
this morninc, but conditions have changed
and «re now less favorable for rain and a
southward movement of the etorm than they
were.
The temperature has risen slowly throughout
California. In the San Joaquln Valley warm
weather with light northerly winds prevails.
Ooudy weather is reported generaly from San
Francisco northward.
Rain has fallen from Portland northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight April 20. 1801:
Northern California — Cloudy, , unsettled
weather Saturday, probably light showers in
extreme northern portion; light southerly
winds.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
€2; minimum, 49; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Cheese ";. is ''steady • and : , unchanged
; The general ' market f for/ Eggs stands ; i the
same, " though the", exchange 'cut '. Its ¦ prices " for
Butter is . , quoted ; .weak. Northern . orders
are belns: 5 countermanded, ', and * f ew new < ones
are ' being received. . - Local receivers are " send
ing out ! cards offering ; the < best creameries at
shaded • .quotations. ¦ • There is > tqo : much - on
the market. .'._ '--'-.r_ ••; ¦:. _r : . .- :* .' ¦ :.- ' ' Ji -'¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
• POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9®10c for . Gob
blers and- 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75; ¦ Goslings, $2 25@2 75; Ducks, $5@G
for old' and $6@7 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@5;
young Roosters, 5 $6 50@7 50; : old Roosters. $3 50
@4; ' Fryers. 1 $5@C; \ Broilers, $4@4 50 ¦ for
large and - ?2@3 50 • for small ; Pigeons. ". $2 per
dozen for old • and ¦ $2 50@2 75 'for Squabs.- -
- GAME— Gray ;¦ Geese, $3; , White Geese. ;$1;
Brant $1 50; t English ; Snip*. $3; Jack Snipe.
$2; Hare. $1 23; "Rabbits, ?1 25 for Cottontail
and .75c@$l for Brush. .
~A car oti Eastern, sold -aa follows: $5 for
Hens ; and' old • Roosters," $6 50 for .Fryers. $3@
4 50 for Broilers," ¦ $20 for Pigeons and $3 for
Squabs $5 for old Ducks,' $8 for young Ducks/
Jl 50#l 75 for Geese and U@14c for Turkeys.
Game hardly , deserves '. a quotation, as but
little ¦ is ; coming in. . ; : , :
The market Is still overstocked with Hens
and void Roosters, while young Roosters con
tinue to bring good prices.'
Poultry and Game.
Old Potatoes are firm '/at the established
prices. New are doine a little better. Onions
are steady .with the exception of Green, which
are • dragging.
Receipts were 1121 boxes Asparagus, 460 boxes
Rhubarb. 1040 sacks Bay Peas and 790 sacks
New Potatoes. - 1
POTATOES — Early Rose. 70@90c: Burbanks,
4O@63<? for River and $l@l 20 for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from. Oregon, $1@1 15; Sweets, 50®
60c for Merced; New Potatoes l@l%c per lb.
ONIONS— Oregons, $3@3 35 per ctl : Nevadas,
%Z<SZ 50- Cut Onions. 50c@$l 25 per sack: Aus
tralians -, $3@3 75; Green Onions, 25©40c , per
box; New White, $3; New Red, $2. - . •
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 50c@$l 25 per. box;
Asparagus, - $1 75 for fancy. $1 25@1 50 cer box
for No. 1 and 6Cc@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
65cSSl- per sack : String Beans, 5@9c for Los
Angeles and 8@10c for Vacaville; Cabbage,
60@60c; Tomatoes, ' I*> 3 Anzeles, $1 75@2 per
crate- Eg? Plant, . Los Angeles, -¦ — per. lb:
Green Peppers, Los Angeles: - — per .lb for
Chile and for Bell; Dried Peppers. 12@18c;
Drv ¦ Okra, 2C@25c per lb ; - Carrots, .. 2o@35c .per
sack* Hothouse Cucumbers, •50@75c per dozen;
Summer Squash. $1 25@1 75 per box; Garlic, ; 8@
10c per lb.-| ¦ • . , ' , "* .
Re'celpts of Green Peas continue heavy and
the-canners are free buyers at lc per lb. As
paragus and Rhubarb stand about the same.
Stocks of Tomatoes are light. .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 70; Small White, $4 75
@4 90; Large White; $4@4 15; Pink, $1 75@1 90;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $2 75@3; Limas. $G 25
@6 50: Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow,
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary, 3^4<g>
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa,. 7%@S%c for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah ;¦ Rape. 2@2%c; Hemp,
DRIED PEAS— NUes, "$2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Everything In the Bean line stands as before,
Whites and Llmas being firm and Pinks weak.
Beans- and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17 B0@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17018; Corn Meal, $25®
25 50; Cracked. Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$15@16.'' ¦»¦.¦-¦• - ¦?"'¦ "¦¦•'
HAY— Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat, $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat,' t9@U 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa $8@9 50; Barley. $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale. .. .- ¦¦-,: /
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
There Is no change In any description.^
BRAN— $15 50@16 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3- per 100 lbs ; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal ?2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50 ;. Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 10
@7 60; In socks, ,$5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley, $5;
Fplit Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@3 50.
usu&l terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25; Ore
gon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and $2 75®
3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75@3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal ' Session — 9:15 ' o'clock— December —
2000 ctls, 78%c; 4000,- 78%c; 2000, 78%c; 2000, 78}ic
Second ' Session— No sales.
Regular Morning- Session— May— 6000 ctls,
18%c; 4000, ,78Vic. • ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ; '"¦ i-
Afternoon Session— December 2000. ctls, 78%c:
2000. 78%c; 4000, 78MsC. • . . ¦"¦ - : ' '.'
OATS— The market .was quiet again, but
prices showed no, weakness. White, $1 37%@
1 50; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 32%@1 45;
Black. $1 15@1 25 per ctl. ,'.„"„•"¦
CORN-^Contlnues dull and nominal. Yellow,
$1 10@l 15 ; White, ¦ ?1 10@l 15 ; ¦¦:. Eastern Mixed,
$1 12% ner ctl. ...»
RYE— 80@82%c per ctl. The feeling. continues
i BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65®1 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal". Session— 9:15 o'clook—December—12,
000 ctls, Jl 06; 40OO, $1 05%; 12,000, $1 05%.
Second Session— December— 2000 v ctls,- $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session— December — 4000 ctls,
U 05% ; May— 10,000, • $1 01%. - :' '
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 05%.
BARLEY— There .was -a rainy/feeling on
'Change and the buyers held oft, expecting lower
prices to follow a rain. ..Futures' were "some
what lower and the spot market was neglected,
though prices were fairly steady.
Feed 83%c for choice bright, 80@82%c for No.
1 and 77%@7S%c for. off grades; 'Brewing and
Shipping grades. 85@87%c ;. Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago opened lower on the .weaker, cables
and the demand was chiefly to fill shorts. The
weakness at Liverpool was ascribed to the fact
that an import tax was no ..longer threatened
and this is expected to decrease the buying : de
mand : there. The lower cables , also ' ¦ brought
In . a , good many selling orders. ',. - Minneapolis
millers were. out of the market and the eleva
tor people were only fair buyers. Argentine
shipments for the week were 744,000 bushels,
against 3,248,000. for the same week last year. -
This market was unchanged on the spot,- but
lower on call. ' . : • ¦' . ¦ '.' .-¦ ¦ -,
Spot Wheat— Shipping,; $1@1 OI14; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl. . -..-: ; - ... ,
WHEAT— Liverpool was dull and Paris lower.
Wheat, and Other. Grains.
Silver continues to advance.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 S5%
Sterling Exchange, sight — • 4 88%
Pterling Cables 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight. :,— , ¦ 15
New York Exchange, telegraphlo. — > 17%
Sliver, per ounce :..". — '. — • 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal..'....... 49% . © - 50
Exchange and Bullion.
The followlns are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 19. 6 p. m.
Weather Report.
DRIED FRUITS. . .
. NEW YORK, April 19.— There were no new
developments of a startling nature In the mar
ket for evaporated apples to-day. A steady
inquiry prevailed at unchanged prices for ¦ ex
port account. State common was quoted at 3@
4c; prime, 4*2@4%c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy, ;6@
«M;C.
California dried fruits were dull and nomi
nally unchanged at Z l A@1(i per pound for prunes,
as to clze and quality. ¦ . ' ,.'¦' '
APRICOTS— Royal, 7V4@12c; Moorpark, 8%@
13c. .
PEACHES— Peeled, 12V&@20c; unpeeled, B%@
10c.
NEW YORK, April 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,684 bushels; exports, 674 bushels. The market
Is without new ¦ feature, merely holding firmer
at ' former prices. . i
; WHEAT— Receipts, 52,250 bushels; exports,
12,183 bushels. Spot, firmer; No. 2 red, 79%c,
f.'o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 77?ic, elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 85%c, f. o. b. k afloat; No. 1
hard, ' Duluth, ' 89%c, f . o. b. afloat. Options
opened easier on account of the weak cables
and foreign selling. Later they rallied on* a
demand from shorts and sympathy with corn,
but failed to show any pronounced improve
ment; closed about steady at %c to Me net de
cline. ¦ May, ' 77@77%c," - closed at 77Vic; July,
76 7-16@76 13-16c, closed tat 76%c; September,
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
mild, dull; Cordova, 8%@8%c. Futures closed
Bteady, net 5 points lower. Sales, 36,200 bags,
including April, 5.00c; May, 5.00@5.05c; June,
6.10c; July, 5.20c; August, 5.20c; September,
5.30@5.35c; October, 5.35@5.40s: November, 5.40®
5.45c; December, 5.55@5.60c; January, 5.60@5.65c;
March/5.75@5.80c. . . •
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining; 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 ; test. 4 3-16c; molasses sugar,
3 7-lSe; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3201 packages. Quiet;
fresh creamery, 16@21c; factory, 11%@13%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 11,465 packages. Steady;
Western regular packing, 14@14%c; storage.
Western, 14%c; Southerp at mark, 13@13%c.
NEW YORK, April 19.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at principal cities for the week ended
April /18, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, April 19.— To-day's stock mar
ket was the most remarkable which has yet
beeii seen ilurin? the present speculative era.
Not enly In the aggregate sales, which reached
£.ir3,900 shares, but in th« wide distribution
mid var'ety of the trading, the amount and
the lumber of the gains recorded, the record
l>riets touched, < be ' v.-ideness of the general
outside inteiest manifested in the market and
licm almost any point of view, the market
was entirely without precedent in the history
of Wall street. The feverish tone which has
l*en a feature of the market on some of the
lieuvy speculative cays of late and which was
due to a state of nervous apprehension on the
1-art of th* speculators for the rise, seemed
to be entirely lacking in to-day's market.
There was a steady and persistent uplift of
prices, which was as irresistible as hydraulic
ITussuro. The occasional profit-taking, which
was largely h.v room traders, was licked up
wiih hardly more than a momentary Influence
on prices. Even the selling to take profits in
the last bour, which was naturally very large
after bo considerable a show of profits on the
<iay's movement, stopped at about a point,
even in the most active and buoyant of the
stocks, and the market surged upward again
at the last, closing in a buoyant and spectacu
lar outburst such as was perhaps never seen
Vefcre.
In the last five minutes of the trading the
tai>e recorded such transactions as 6000 shares
of Pennsylvania at 160. while in Union Pa
cific there was a string of transactions of D0O0
Fharet at 99%, 6000 shares at 100; 3000 shares at
S»!s; 6000 at 100, and a final block of 10,000
shares at 100 at the tcp price for the day and
in the history of the stock. These transactions
were exceptional, blocks of from 1000 to 5000
tJhai-cs of many of the active stocks changed
hands all day. Only tome factor of universal
application could at all account for such gen
eral strength. There was a marked relaxation
in the money market and the prospect of a
very strong: bank statement to-morrow. Of ¦
courte this factor has only a remote bearing
on the value of properties whose shares were
in such easer demand to-day, but it furnishes
the cinews of war upon which the speculators
are dependent for carrying on their campaign.
It has- been shown a number of times recently
that the cutting off of these Binews is the
only thins ¦ which will serve to : repress the
inoculative ardor v.-hich seems to have thor
oughly i*rcneated the spirit of the American
people. With the replenishment of available
resources to-day, the speculation was revived
in an unbridled manner. There were few spe
cinc influences to be detected in the trading.
The completion cf the Burlington 'deal of
coun-e had a notable influence on sentiment,
although Burlington. Great Northern and
Northern Pacific held a comparatively Incon
spicuous place in the trading. But the air
we* thick with rumors of measures to be
taken by rival railroad systems to offset the
Bur'.ington deal. The movement in Union
Pacific and In the Atehisons was distinctly
traceable' to this Influence, aided by. Fupple
mentary rumors cf coming dividend increases.
The Hiitish export duty on coal was a factor
I* the buoyant uplift of the seaboard bitu
minous coal carriers, as it aroused hopes of a
large growth in our export trade in coal. The
eo-ca!!ed junior Vanderbilts evidently moved
in sympathy on the supjx)sHion of closer com
bination and additional financial security with
the parent New York Central system. The ex
press stocks moved upward in company on the
belief that closer association was in view as
the result of yesterday's election as directors
of the United States Express of officials of
the other companies. Belief In a merger of
Southwestern railroads was a potent factor in
that section of the market. The buoyancy of
Amalgamated Copper was . accounted for by
rumors of further absorptions by that com
pany. Hope of dividend increases was a wide
reaching factcr. The smelting stocks were
etrong on this expectation. In a large number
of stocks there was not even an attempt to
assign a motive for the large buying, which
was palpably based on the all-embracing ex
pectation that the price of the stock would go
up because others had done so. A very sharp
contrast to the general movement of the mar
ket was the heaviness of the United- States
Eteol stocks, the preferred falling at one time
rearly a point below last night. ¦ This was
partly accounted for by the circulation by the
bears of a rumor that J. P. Morgan was suf
feriiC from heart trouble, but the stocks did
not recover with the authoritative statement
that Mr. Morgan was In good health. This!
rumor helped to account also for the midday
dip in the market, which was effectually over
come. The strength of the market was so gen
era! that it Is only worth while to specify a
few of the more Important net gains. ¦ Thes.
were: St. Paul, 6%; Baltimore and Ohio, 5%:
Union TadSc, 4; Amalgamated Copper, 4%:
Rock Island, 3%: Texas and Pacific, 3%;-Kan
f.a* and Texas, 3%; the junior Vanderbilts from
2 to 10%. the latter Canada Southern; Ame-I
can Express. 5; Vells-Fargo. 5%; Pacific Coast
common and second preferred, 5% and 6 re
spectively, and a larce number of other stocks
from 2 to 3 ixjints.
Business in bonds was also very active and
became generally strong as the day progressed.
Total sales, par value. $7,2£0.COO.
United States refunding Is declined U and
the threes % r>er cent on the last call/
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
PoM. Stocks— Bid.
S9.2O0 Atchison .- 70%
31,'MO Atchiscn prefd S7H
40,200 Baltimore & Ohio 97%
Canadian Pacific 94%
C<\500 Canada Southern ...."..... 22%
<2.'.iOO Chesapeake & Ohio 4S%
300 Chicago Great Western.. J2%
44.100 CKicaco Burlington & Qulncy 194%
4.400 Chicago Ind & Louisville.: 37%
2 200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd..:.. 71%
2.700 Chleaso & Eastern Illinois ...11S%
J.COO Chicago & Northwestern. .».".202%
3.40fl Chlcaco Rock Island & Pacific...... 156%
S.100 C C C & St Louis 89%
$,;00 Colorado Southern ••'•'. 1S%
l.f/00 Colorado Southern 1st prefd.........' 49
1,200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd.......... 13%
NEW TORK. April IS.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The,' budget has been well received by the pub
lic generally. The coal Interests . are furious
and the sugar people i are somewhat sore and
indignant, but the markets, were unconcerned
and the public does not seem to care much.
Indirect taxation did not affect the stock trad-
Ing except In consols, which dipped . to 94% In
anticipation of the new loan, but they quickly ,
rallied to. S5 on heavy bidding . by big houses
for the new Issues, , running it. up to "* prem
ium ; this although the only conjecture „ heard
is that the r#"i--e of the. issue; will, be, 94%.
Business on the Stock Exchange was, generally
speaking, on a moderate scale. The American
department was the feature of the day • and
an astonishing feature it was. The dealings
were on the largest scale that we have had
here for a long time. There was furious bid
ding from start to finish, with prices rising
steadily, except where they went up by leaps.
It may be described as the first day of - the
London boom in American stocks. The public
here seem suddenly to have got tired of sitting
on the fence and they have Jumped down and
gone in at last.' The special . favorites .. were
Union Pacific. Chicago, . Milwaukee and St.
Paul, the Atchison issues (on the hope of a 4
per cent dividend- on the common) , and .Mis
souri . and Kansas Pacifies ' (on the reports of
the . Gould deal . in the Southwestern ' railways).
But the purchases were wild and Indiscriminate
throughout the session and e\-erytblng dealt In
here was taken. "^CSISSS&fcX&S&SSBf
. CLOSING.. .
Atchison,; 7VA; Canadian Pacific, 97; Union
London Market.
3,600 Delaware & Hudson ISO
, 6C0 Delaware Lack & Western 222V4
400 Denver & Rio Grande....... 46
1,900 Denver & Rio Grande pnefd 93%
43,500 Erie ......#. 40
9,100 Erie 1st prefd '. 71
2,200 Great Northern prefd.. / .182^
8,100 Hocking Coal 19%
700 Hocking Valley 52%
5,700 Illinois Central .....141%
800 Iowa Central 33
1,900 Iowa Central prefd 63%
6.S0O Lake Erie & Western: 67U
Lake Erie & Western prefd..'. 128
Lake Shore ¦. 230
51,100 Louisville & Nashville 1C6%
18.200 Manhattan L ...'..; 12S%
16.200 Metropolitan Street Railway 172%
3.100 Mexican Central 23Vi
COO Minneapolis & St Louis 84V4
100 Minneapolis 4- St Louis prefd 112
41,400 Missouri Pacific .106
Mobile & Ohio, t. r 82%
91,400 Missouri Kansas & Texas... 34
37,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 67%
400 New Jersey Central 153%
26, SCO New York Central ..154%
21,600 Norfolk & Western 54%
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 8314
26.900 Northern Pacific 103
9.900 Northern Pacific prefd 98% "
6,800 Ontario & Western .'.. 38%
Oregon Railway & Nav 92
Oregon Railway &*Nav prefd....... 76
72.500 Pennsylvania .....160%
4,100 Reading 36%
10,600 Reading 1st prefd 76>,i
4,900 Reading 2d prefd 53
Rio Grande Western -. 79
Rio Grande Western prefd. '... 100%
4,100 St Louis & San Francisco 4«%
St Louts & San Fran 1/t prefd 84
1,700 St Louis & San Fran <d prefd 68%
18,100 St Louis Southwestern 39
6,100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 66%
172.500 St Paul 162%
2,100 Pt Paul prefd 193%
St Paul & Omaha ...139
63.800 Southern Pacific , 47^
51,300 Southern Railway 29%
13.800 Southern Railway prefd 84
95,800 Texas & Pacific .". 45%
245.700 Union Pacific 99%
26,800 Union Pacific prefd 8S%
4.90O Wabash 20^
2L800 Wabash prefd 1 40%
1.2C0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 18%
200 Wheeling & Lake Brie 2d prefd..... 44«4
1.500 Wisconsin Central 20% j
10.000 Third A\enue : 126 ,
15, COO Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92%
National Tube Co. t r. nom 66%
National Tube Co prefd, t r, nom. .118
Express Companies —
.: Adams 175
11,500 American .* ». .203
4,100 United States .V. 97%
300 Wells-Fargo 147
Miscellaneous —
700 American Cotton Oil 26%
American Cotton Oil prefd 84
American Malting 6
200 American Malting prefd 25
91.500 Am Smelting & Refining 66%
10.5C0 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 98 :
American Spiriits, nom 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop, t r 48%
American Steel Hoop prefd, t r..... 93
300 American Steel & Wire, t r 48
American Steel & Wire prefd, t r.-110%
American Tin Plate, t r 76
.\ American Tin Plate prefd, t r 117
14,100'American Tobacco 129
American Tobacco prefd 145 ¦
11,000 Anaconda Mining Co 51%
34,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 84
11,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 94% j
9,100 .Continental Tobacco 47%
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 104%
Federal Steel, t r T....~. 54
.. ..: Federal Steel prefd. t r 104
3,100 General Electric : 223%
C00. Glucose Sugar 52
• Glucose Sugar prefd 97
1,200 International Paper 25^
200 International Paper prefd 78%
¦ Laclede Gas S5
2,100 National Biscuit 39%
National Biscuit prefd S6
300 National Lead IS 1 ,;
ICO National Lead prefd 84%
National Steel, t r. nom 57% ,
.". National Steel prefd. t r, nom 117 !
2.300 New York Air Brake 171
4.100 North American 87%
" 5,400 Pacific Coast 63 i
• Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90
3,400 Pacific Coast 2d prefd .".*. 71
200 Pacific Mail 36 .]
54.100. People's Gas 115%
2.10Q Pressed Steel Car :.. 46
1.0C0 Pressed Steel Car prefd 84
Pullman Palace Car 210
300 Standard Roi>e & Twine 4
27,200 Sugar :... '. 148%
Sugar prefd 122%
5,900 Tenn Coal & Iron '. 68%
3,700 United States Leather 13%
600 United States Leather prefd 78
200 United States Rubber ......'. >20>A
United States Rubber prefd 61 "
JI.700 Western Union 94%
7.100 Republic I & T a. 20%
1.700 Republic. I & T prefd 77%
141,100 Amal Copper . ."... 127%
63.300 United States Steel 46%
47,300 United Staets Steel prefd 94%
P C C & St L 70
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding. V Y Cent lsts 107%
reg 108': \* J Cent gen 5s. .132
do coup 106V Vortb Pac 3s 72%
do.3s reg 110% do 4s .'.-.. .105%
do coup ....Uli* \- y c & St L 4s. .107
do new 4s reg...l38^> Vorf & W con 4s. .100%
do coup lZShi Or Nav lsts '. 109
do old 4s reg 1139* do 4s" 104%
do coup .113% Or S Line'6s .128 i
do Bs reg 110% do con 5s ... -.116 :
do coup ...111% Reading gen 4s .. 95'i
Dist of Col* 3. 65s.. 125 R G W lsts .......101%
Atchison gen 4s ..102' r * StL & I M eon'Ss.lloVi
do adj 4s 25% St L & S F gen 6s. 131%
Can South 2ds ....108% St Paul cons .193%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lC6% St P C & Pac lsts.HS%
do 5s 121% do 5s 120%
C & N W con 7s.. 141% South Pac 4s . 93%
do S F deb 5s. ..129 South Railway 5s. 117%
Chi Term 4s 95% S Rope & T 6s 59 •
Colo South 4s .... 87% Tex & Pac 1st* ...120
D & R G 4s... 101% do 2ds ...*.. ..100
E T Va & Ga lsts. 88% Union Pac 4s 103%
Erie gen 4s 108 IWabash lsts 120
Gen Electric 5s ...lS5Vi do 2ds 110
Iowa Cent lsts ...117% West Shore 4s ....114%
L & Nash uni 4s. .103 Wis Cent 4s 83%
M K & T 2ds .'.... 82% Va Centuries 95
do 4s 98%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 1 «
Alice S5 Ontario 9 00
Breece 1 30 Ophlr 75
Brunswick Con ... 20 Phoenix ." 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosl .............. 07
Con Cal & Va 2 20 Savage 07
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada..... 26
Horn Silver ..:.... 1 10 'Small Hopes 60
Iron Silver ........ 60;standard ........... 4 00
Leadville Con 03'
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures lower..
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Nothing new in Hay, Beans and Feedstuff s.
Potatoes firm under moderate supplies. Onions steady.
Butter weak and offered at shaded quotations.
Cheese steady: Eggs still being placed in cold storage.
Poultry market still oversupplied with old fowl.
Five cars of Oranges sold, at auction. Fine Lemons firm.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions quiet and easy. Hogs somewhat weaker.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and featureless.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $152,672,1138; gold. $95,601,958.
NEW TORK. April 39.— Money on call steady
at 2%@1 per cent; last loan, 2% per cent; -ruling
rate, 4 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 404V6
per cent.- Sterling exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 S7%@4 SS for
demand and at $4 84%Ji)4 «4% for sixty days;
posted rates, . $4 Sa^igi 89; commercial bills,
$4 84@4 84Vi. Silver certificates, 60c. "Bar sil
ver, 59^.0. - Mexican Ucliars, 48c. Government
bonds, weak; State, inactive; railroad, strong.
New York Money Market.
Pacific preferred, 88; Northern Pacific preferred.
lOOti; Grand Trunk. S%; Anaconda, 10%. Bar
silver, steady, 27%d per ounce. Money, 2@2 1 ,£
per cent.'. - ¦• ;,'** -
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Herring — @— Turbot — @ —
llackerel ......... — @ — Trout 40® —
Do. horse........— @13 Whiteflsh .........100—
Perch ...10@20 Clams, gallon 500—
Pompino 50#— Dov hardshell, lb 8010
Rockfish ' IS®— Crabs, each 13@:9
Salmon, fresn 18®20 Mussels, quart.... 5010
Do, smoked.. ....15@40 Oysters, Cal, 100..40®50
Shrimps 8<P10 Do, Eastern, dz.25@40
Shad 8@10
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.3."@43 Ranch Ecss. per
Do. good 2^@30 dozen l'@20
Cheese, Cal 12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. "Eastern.. 17^20 pound "'ft:.
Cheese. Swiss. ....20@3r> Do, extracted... 10@l-
Common Eggs.... 13^17
Poultry an-I Game — •_ -
Hens, each 50®60 Turkeys, per lb...l.g2O
Youn^ Roosters. Ducks, each ocysl
each 75®85 Geese. each...$l 50@l ia
Old Roostere, ea..50«J60 Pigeons, pair 50@60
Fryers, each 50@65 Rabbits, pair 40 @~
Broilers, each 33©50 Hare, each — «¦»
Meats, per lb—
Bacon ;..13<J?lSIRound Steak 10«J —
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak.... K^^—
Do, to"d 10@ — Tenderloin, do laiff —
Corned Beef 100 — Porterhouse. do.l7V>^20
Ham — @15 Smoked Beef 20®—
Lard —^15 Pork, salt 10@12'i
Mutton —®\2 Pork Chops M®\i
Lamb —©15 Pork Sausages.. 12 H<a 13
Pork, fresh 15®— Veal lid-
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds 1j<3^0 Lemons, doz XSJiZ*
Apples S4j?12 Rais!ns. rer lb... 5@15
Bananas, dox 10® 20 Strawberries, per
Cherries. r>er lb...— <®M basket 10W20
Oranges, doz 15<f?35 Walnuts, per lb...li®2D
Limes, per dos...— #13
Vegetables^ —
Asparagus, per lb. 5@ % Peppers, per 1D....Z0®—
Artichokes. dos...25@43 Potatoes, per lb.. 2@ —
Beets, doz 10® — New, do 2& 3
Beans. white, lb.12%®— Rhubarb, per lb.. 5@—
Colored, per lb..l0@— Sweet PotatoesUb 3<3»—
'Dried Lima. lb.. 6@> 8 Parsnips, per dz.10®—
Cabbage. -each.... 5® — Radlshes,dz bchs.l3®20
Cauliflowers, each 5&— Sage, doz bnchs..25<@30
Celery, bead 5@— String Beans. lb..lO@12
Cress, dos bnchs.lo@20 Summer Squash,
Cucumbers,dz.75c@$l 25 per lb 12@—
Egg Plant, lb 20®23 Sprouts, per lb.... — & —
Green Peas, lb 4® 6 Spinach. Der lb... 5@ —
Lettuce, per doz-15®20 Thyme, doz bchs.I5@3O
Onions, Der lb.... 4@ 6 Turnips, per dox-.10@—
Okra, dried, lb...— @33 Tomatoes, per lb.lO@la
Fish^ — * ....
Barracuda 15#— Striped. Bass 12^0—
Carp 8@— Sea Bass ......... — &—
Catfish ............. 8® — Smelts 15® —
Codfish 12@15 Soles .....10®—
Flounders S@10 Skates, each 8@13
Halibut ..10©13 Tomcod — @10
Hens and old Roosters are now very plenti
ful
Cherrits have appeared. . Strawberries con
tinue rather high for the average purse. Oran
ges are in smaller supply and selling somewnat
higher. ,
Vegetables show no change worthy of note.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ @12 00 Southfleld
Wellington. ©11 00 Wellington @11 00
Seattle 9 00® Coos Bay © « aw
Failures for the week numbered 206 In the
United States, against 184 last year, - and 21 in
Canada, against 17 last year.
other feature was the greater activity in struc r
tural material for bridges and buildings, while
the large tonnage of steel rails already, placed
did not prevent further orders. --The recent ad
vance in .plate failed to diminish business.
Faith in. the future Is evidenced by more plans
for- the : erection of new mills with enormous
capacity.-- ...;•¦¦' :-z ¦ '¦¦ .:• ". ' -"¦- '
"Shipments of boots and shoes -from the East
declined' to 86,547- cases, against 94,453 cases
two weeks ago, but there still appears a good
margin above the movement a year ago.. Con
tracts are unevenly distributed, many shops
having orders for some time, while others are
seeking business. The general situation Is
more i satisfactory ,'than a year ago, - however,
for then not a third of the capacity "was be
ing operated. I Prices on shoes are maintained,
but the reduction in boots has become general.
Local » manufacturers are receiving better or
ders and some idle shops have : resumed. The
leather market has met with further reverses,
especially in the light-weight division. A bet
ter quality of hides is offered at Chicago and
quotations tend upward, although tanners are
not buying freely. -' •.-¦¦. -
The outlook for, this year's crop of cotton has
been ascertained by a careful . canvass ¦ of i the
Southern States." Planting averages about two
weeks later than usual, owing to heavy rains.
While there is /.reason to anticipate a large
acreage cancellation • of many orders for fertil
izers shows that the sharp decline in cotton
prices had the beneficial result of restricting
operations to some extent. . Planters have en
countered some difficulty in securing sufficient
labor ' owing to - the great demand in other
industries, and . it is expected that the- cost
of planting and picking the current crop will
be gTeater than usual on this account. > Geor
gia mills are running full time, while in other
Southern States there is much reduction. . .'•
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, 6s l%d;
No. • 2 red Western winter, 6s 10%d; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s %d. Futures, Bteady; May,
6s 9d; July, 6s 9%d. .
'CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
4sl%d; do old. 4s 2%d. Futures, steady;
May, 4s 2sd; July, 3s 10%d; September, 3s lid.
LIVERPOOL, April 19.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard Calif ornia,, 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, weak: flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, . quiet; weather in England,
fine and warm. .",.-- •
. COTTON— Uplands, 4Hd.
LONDON, April .19.— Consols, 94 15-16; silver,
27%d; French rentes, lOlf 25c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California,* 29s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss 6d;
English country markets, quiet "and steady.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, April 19.— Wheat, quiet; bluestem,
59c; club. 66^c. ; . . ''^ ,V
Cleared— British ship County of Pembroke,
for Queenstown or Falmouth for. orders, with
18,745 barrels of. flour valued at $.50 J O0O. - :-*¦*/*:'
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, April 19.— There was an easier
tone, to th3 wheat market to-day on account of
improved "croD conditions and lack of -further
crop damage | reports. . One or | two sales were
reported at interior points on the basis of 58<5
to 58%c for Walla Walla. This is about 1 cent
better than . opening quotations in this city
and can hardly be regarded as an accurate re
flection of this market. . . - '-'-':
OREGON.
. PORTLAND, Ore., April-19.— Clearings, $306,
660; balances. $71,741. ; * v ;« , --*
Northern Wheat Market. •
Portland's Business.
Spelter continues firm at yesterday's advance,
closing -S? $4@4 05. The, Iron'. markets remain
unchanged. . ~ •' t
Flour, qr sks. 8,5TCl\Vool.' bales.... 443
Wheat, ctls. :..... 6SC Wine, gals 43 600
Barley, ctls....... 10,670 Leather, rolls.... '197
Rye,. ctls.:. 130 Quicksilver, flsks 55
Potatoes; . sks 2.S45 Suicar. ctls..*. 5000
Bran.. sk3.. ....... 1,060 Tallow ctls...'.. '»SD
Middlings, sks.... • 190 Pelts, bdls........ r tf
Hay, tons 481'HIdes, No..: 251
. ' " OREGON. ¦
Flour, qr »ks ...".. 840
APRIL 19.
FOR FRIDAY,
Receipts' of Produce.
"During the week there have been three ar
rivals of coal from British Columbia, 8800 tons;
three ¦ from Washington, 8333 tons; three from
Oregon, 1270 tons; one from Australia, 1426
tons; total, 19,834 tons. The arrivals continue
light, still there is ample in stock to- meet all
Immediate calls. Business generally 13 fair,
principally for steam-grades, for. which there
is active demand. ' In my circular of February
23d ult., I referred to the probability of an
export tax on coal by the British Government;
this has been realized to-day, as cables ars
here stating that an export duty of one shilling
per ton has been Imposed. This will materially
affect California shipments, . as 24 cents per
ton added to . the present asking prices for
coal will put a quietus on exports here. Swan
sea Is about the only port . at present from
which we derive any ¦ British . coals, and we
will doubtless still receive an occasional ship
ment from there. Every change lately gives
the Northern collieries a stronger hold on this
market, - except fuel oil, which has come to
stay, and is drilling new recruits into its ser
vice dally. This will eventually make the price
schedule for coal, - and - the - year - 1902 will cause
a- revised . price .list, where values .will be
lower than those now ruling here. Oil values
are In -a very disturbed .condition, and the
producers . are the sufferers as usual; there is
needed a strong and capable man at the wheel
to direct and control." '
. SUGAR— The ..Western Surar v Refinery Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.73c; Dry Granulated. ¦ 5.85c- Confec
tioners' A. 6.65c; Fruit Granulated 5 80c-
Magnolia A. 5.25c; Extra C. 5.15c; Golden c'
5.05c: barrels, 10c more; half-barrels 25c more
boxes. 50c more;.50-lb bags. 10c 'more. No
orders taken - for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Domlnoa, half -barrels, 6.40c- boxes
6.65c per lb. " • '
Harrison's circular says
COAL— Wellington." $9 per ton; Southflsld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, . $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $3 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $3; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ess. $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks: -¦ Rocky ¦ Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand. . . .
BAGS — San Quentin Bags. . $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%c ; local ' make, %c less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine,
7%@8e.
General Merchandise.
PORK — Live Hobs.' 180 lbs and under. G%c:
180 to 225 lbs, 6%@6%c: 225 and - over, 63 S Vic;
feeders, — — ; dressed Hogs, 8%@9%c
Though Hogs are no lower the feeling Is
easier, as the packers are not taking any at
the present high prices, and* all the receipts
go to the , fresh meat trade. Again, . Pork Is
so high at retail that the public demand has
fallen oft considerably. Other meats are un
changed.
BEEF — 7@Sc for Steers and 6@7o per lb for
cows.. *¦..¦-¦"-
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8®3c per lb.
;• MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes, 7%@8c per
pound. " ""..•
. LAMB— Spring. 9@9%c per pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
¦ HIDES AND SKINS- Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, 8%c; light, 8c. Cow
Hides, S%c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9c: Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. ISMsc: Culls, 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; Culls and. Brands, 12®
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short
Wool, 30@40c each; medium, 50@65c; long Wool,
75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, J2 50 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large,
$1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb? No. 2,
3%@4c; grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Kendocino, 15@16c per lb: Northern, free, 12@
13c; defective, 9@llc; Middle County, free, 10®
lie: do. defective. 8@10c; Southern. 12 month3,
8@3c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c; Oreson Valley, fine,
15@16c; do, medium and coarse, 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, 10@12c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half -barrels,
pure. 10%c: 10-lb tins, lltfc: 5-Ib tins, llftc.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels, S%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per " lb for
heavy. 12%@13c-for light medium, 13%c for
light,' 14%c for extra light and 13%c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess. 112 50; Fam
ily, •- $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $15@15 60; extra
clear. $22 50; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 14c per
lb. ¦ - -
• Dealers continue to Quote a quiet and rather
easy ¦ market
The ¦ situation shows n» . change whatever,
the market being dulL
FRUITS— Apricots. 6®7i4o for Royals and
8%@10c for Moorparfci; Evaporated . Apples,
3%@5c; sun-dried, l%@2o; : Peaches, 3@3%c for
standard, 4@5c for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Pears ' 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3%@5c; unpltted.
l@l%c; Nectarines. 4@4%c for red and 4@5c
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 2c: SO-JOs, — ;
40-50S, 1%c; 50-60s, 3%c; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-80s, 2%c;
S0-90S.' l%c; 90-lOOs, l%c; 100-120s. l%c.
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made. .
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c'per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 1014c per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard,- 8%c; prime. So; un
bleached , Sultanaar 8c; Seedless, 50-Ib ' boxes,
6V4c; .4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c: 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, • 2-crown.- 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5%c; 6eeded (Fresno prices), 5c; Lon
don ¦ Layers. 2-crown, $1 '60 per box; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa,. $2 50; Im
perial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
- NUTS— Chestnuts, SGlOc per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell^ 9%c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 12@lSc
for- papershell 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts,
6@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 11©11%c; Fil
berte, 12@12%c; Pecana, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5..
HONEY— Comb, 13%@14c for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7@7%c; light amber extracted, 5@6c; dark, i@
5c per lb.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
__.'.._ Provisions. '. . ...
CHERRIES— A ¦ box . from the river sold at
$1 75. Twelve boxes from Vacavllle by the
noon express were not sold.
STRAWBERRIES— J6<@S per chest for Long
worths and $4@6 j for > large berries. Receipts
were 200 chests. ' . ,
¦¦¦ APPLES— U®2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2 2a:
Seedlings, 75c@$l; Tangerines, 50c©$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for
good to choice: Grape Fruit. 50c@Jl 60; Mexican
Limes. $4 50; Bananas. $1 50@3 per bunch for
New Orleans and 75c<g$l SO for Honolulu; Pine
apples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Citrus fruits showed no. further change.
Oranges and fine Lemons being firm and
Limes and lower grade Lemons weak.
Five cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Choice : Navels,- 90c@$2 05; standard do,
soc@<n 65. . mSSSMUSBBB
Receipts of Cherries were light. Strawber
ries were firm, as usual toward the. close of
the week.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
California Ranch— Selected - "White, 15%c;
mixed colors, 14yic per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard.
12c; seconds, .' - • i .
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts. 14%c; seconds, ;
store. 12c.
< CjiEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9%c; choice.
9c; common; nominal; Young . Americas. 10%c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
DAIRT EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS. .
BUTTER— '.-.
Creamery— Extras, 16c; firsts, ¦ 13c; seconds.
BUTTER-Creamery. 16%@17%o per lb for
fancy and 16c for seconds; dairy. 14@16c per
lb. • -:,.»
CHEESE— Choice mild, new. 9%@10%c; old.
9c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 13%@17e for sood to fancy:
store. ] 13@15c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
ranch -%c. Dealers continue to place a good
portion of the -receipts In cold storage. ¦ . '¦
' Receipts ' were 52, 500 * pounds "and 40 - tubs or
Butter, ¦ 1307 cases ¦ Eggs, 790 - cases Eastern
Eggs, 17,325 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; APEIIi 20; 1901.
Bank Clearings.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
10
STATION'S.
I Last I This Last
24 Hours] Season. Season.
Eureka '..'...'.'...
Red Bluff
Kaeramento
San Francisco
Fresno -¦
Independence
Kan Luis Oblspo
Ixre Ang-eles ...,
tian Dieso
j
0.00 I 44.49 47.34
0.00 22.67 20.56
0.00 17.50 16.40
0.00 18.99 17.89
0.00 10.38 7.36
0.00 -5.80 2.81
0.00 27.88 15.25
0.00 14.17 5.71
0.00 10.55 3.41A sweetheart is a charming fancy, but
a wife is very apt to be a solemn fact/ '
Trainer Bradley Killed.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. April. 19.— Owen
Bradley, a prominent trainer and owner
of race horses, was shot and killed by
William Nicholas to-day. Both are of
prominent families: The cause was an old
feud.
The Marvin Murder.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Maggie Pratt on. the charge of murder in
connection -with the death of Mrg. Mary.
Marvin, 1411 Folsom street, was conclud
ed before Judge Fritz yesterday.- A large
number, of witnesses were examined but
they ; were unable to throw any definite
light on. the tragedy. The principal wit
ness was . Mrs. - Florence Granvllle, who
was examined ¦ ,Thursdav. Attorney'Gal
lagher made a motion to dismiss -and ! the
Judge reserved Ws dscision till to-day.
OFFER OLYMPIC CLUBHOUSE.
Directors Place It at Disposal of Cora-
mittee for McKinley Banquet.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Olympic' Club last night in the
rooms of the organization it was decided
to invite the Citizens' .Reception Commit
tee to hold '. the banquet to be tendered
President McKinley in the gymnasium of
the club. ¦
If the committee accepts the offer of the
directors, steps will be taken immediately
to prepare the building for the -affair.
Everything will be done to make the
handsome interior fitting for the reception
of the nation's chief executive. Ferns,
potted plants, flags, bunting and other
decorative articles would be used to adorn
the gymnasium. ¦ - ' _
There is every probability that the Citi
zens' Reception Committee will accept the
generous offer made by the Olympic Club.
On Thursday afternoon Irving M. Scott,
A. A. Watkins and other members of the
committee visited, the club and took the
dimensions of ? he > gymnasium. The hall
can easily seat SOO people.
¦' It is not an art to He to yourself . and
believe it; It's human nature.
• VICTORIA, B. C, April 19.— The British
warship Condor arrived here to-night fly
ing a yellow flag. The number of yellow
fever cases aboard could not be learned.
Brings Yellow Fever Into Port.
PARIS, April 19.— Great Interest was
taken here in the trial of Vera Gelo, the
Russian girl student, who was charged
with . trying to assassinate Professor
Kmile Deschanel, the aged Senator and
father of the President of the Chamber
of Deputies, on January 19, by firing a
revolver at him just as he" concluded a
lecture on French literature at the Col
lege of France. She was acquitted to
night. ;
The Interest In the case was heightened
by the fact that Zeliline, the Russian girl
friend of .Vera Gelo, who intervened be
tween latter and Professor Deschanel
at the time and received the bullet in her
chest, died in the hospital after lingering
some time in agony. Professor Deschanel
frequently visited the wounded girl i at
the hospital and daily sent her bouquets
of flowers up to the time of her death.
A strange feature of the case was Vera
Gelo's obstinate silence as to the nature
of the outrage she claims was inflicted
on her at Geneva by a man she thought
was Professor Deschanel. She suffers
from hysteria and medical men believe
she is the victim of hallucinations. The
nervous twitchlngs of her face as she sat
at the dock to-day revealed her anguish.
A doctor who sat beside* her administered
ether. The prisoner burst out sobbing
when the Judge spoke of Zelillne.
Girl Who Attempted an
Assassination Is Ac
quitted.
PRISON IS NOT
FDR VERA GELO
HEAVYWEIGHT BOXERS
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April 13.— Tha
Leader to-morrow will say that Billy
Madden has accepted the offer of Repre
sentative Groom of the National Sporting
Club of San Francisco of 65 per cent and
$500 for training expenses to secure a
match between Gus Ruhlin and James J.
Jeffries. It now depends on Jeffrie*
whether or not these two boxers meet In
a contest. The same proposition made to
Madden has been submitted to Jeffries*
manager. .The proposed contest will prob
ably occur In July In San Francisco.
Ned Homan, who left this city a few
days ago and who Is now en route to New
York, is also out for heavyweight game.
He represents the San Francisco Athletic
Club, which has lately stepped Into the
professional field. Homan would like to
secure a match between Fitzslmmons and
Jeffries almost at any terms. If this
should fall Homan will try Jeffries with
other heavyweights.
At present the Twentieth Century Club.
the San Francisco Athletic Club and the
National Sporting Club are In a potpourri
of disagreement, each trying to secure
what the other seems to fancy. The May
contest has not yet. been decided upon.
The Twentieth Century Club is desirous
of matching McGovern and some other
In June. The July date will be the bone
of contention.
Toby Irwln Knocked Out.
BAKERS FIELD, April 19.— Toby Irwin
of San. Francisco was knocked out in
eight rounds to-night by Aurelio Herrera.
the local feather-weight. The fighting wa3
furious and Herrera showed himself to
be a fast youngster, with heavy hitting
powers. In the third Irwin's left eye was
almost closed and ia the fifth he -was
rent to the floor and stayed down nine
seconds. The men were to have fought
at. 12S pounds. Herrera weighed only 125.
but Irwln tipped the scales at 138 and for
feited $100 for overweight.
Found Dead in His Yard.
SAN JOSE. April 19.— Patrick Walch. a
civil war veteran, aged 65 years, was
found dead in the yard in the rear of bis
saloon this evening. He had complained
recently of pains in; his heart. An In
quest will be held.
STANFORD'S DEBATING TEAM.
feating Berkeley.
Cardinal Is Confident of Easily De-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 19.-
The ninth annual intercollegiate debate
between Stanford and tho University of
California will be held to-morrow night
in Metropolitan Hall. , San Francisco.
Stanford will support the affirmative side
of the question : "Resolved, That tha
extinction of the Boer republic is for the
permanent benefit of civilization."
C. M. Marrack, who will load for Stan
ford, represents his college in debate for
the fourth time. Ho is noted for hid
ensy delivery and use of choico English.
Ills home is In San Francisco and hli
mnjor Js English.
W. A. Morris makes his second appear
ance before a trio . of intercollegiate
judges. As the v/lnner of the last Carnot
contest he is known to both colleges. Ha
Is characterized by a alow, deliberate «le
llverv and logical and easy presentation
of subject. He registers in the history de
partment and his home is in Salem, Ore.
W. C. Morrow, the only member of the
team who has not already won his spurs,
Is also an Oregonian. He is a logical
speaker, with a graceful and forceful de
livery.
The cardinal trio have left nothing un
done in the preparation for their contest
and should outclass their opponents in
general excellence, as well as in team
work. They are expected to offset Cali
fornia's undisputed victory on the track
in the afternoon by a favorable decision
in the war of words in the evening.
The three Judges of the debate are all
well known San Francisco men. They arc-
C. E. Grunsky, Hon. Samuel Knight and
Judge J. M. Seawell.
scholar and hails from Trinity College,
where for the oast year he has occupied
the position of professor of Latin. He
graduated ' from Harvard in the class of
"85 and subsequently studied at Johns
Hopkins, Oxford, and in Germany. He is
the author of the thesis, "The Themes
Treated by the Elder Seneca," a work
which* has been highly commended by both
American and foreign scholars.
The board created the position of as
sistant instructor in physical culture. It
will be filled by a woman, in order that
the young ladies of the next term's fresh
man and sophomore classes may be prop
erly Instructed in gymnastic work. The
department of anatomy was abolished.
The other new positions which were cre
ated follow: Two Instructors in chemis
try, a Second instructor in civil engineer
ing, instructor in drawing, to which C. C.
Judson was elected: assistant professor
in rhetoric. Instructor in speaking, pro
fessor of German language and literature,
professor of finance and economics, two
lecturers in law, assistant professor In
Latin, Instructor in steam engineering, as
sistant in mechanics, examiner of schools,
instructor in philosophy, two assistants
in physics and instructors in French and
Spanish,
A unanimous vote of thanks was ex
tended to Mrs. Phebo Hearst for the xnu
nillcont Rift of the land on which the
llpnrst Hall was built. . . -
Three of tho faculty received leaves of
absence.
Some of the most Interesting Itema of
the budget are: Salaries, $344,036: perma
nent improvement fund. $60,000: agricul
tural experiment stations, $7510; equip
ment. $5600: examination of schools. $1500;
lecturers. $3000; university publlcntlons,
$3000: university extension, $3000: library
fund. $13,700; dairying, $10,000; mining.
$2i>iV>. The entire estimate amounts to
J549.22S GO. while the Income for the col
lege is $541,161 25, which leaves a deficit of
$S117 35.
Fifty Million Dollar Com?
pany on the Soo -
Canal.
DETROIT. Mich... April 19.— After an all
day conference with contractors here, A.
R. Hovey, president of the Commercial
Development Corporation Company of
Liverpool, London and New York, a deal
was closed to-day which will result in the
formation of the International Steel, Iron
and Pipe Company, which will locate im
mense steel mills at riault Ste Marie, or
both the Canadian and United States
sides of the Soo Canal, with a capacity of
600,000 tons annually and employing about
30,000 men.
The Consolidated Lake Superior Power
Company, of which Mr. Clergue is vice
president, it is understood, will take a
large block of the $50,000,000 stock of the
new company.
As an outcome of the establishing of
the steel works at the Soo it is said that
a blast furnace will be established in De
troit with a capacity of 1000 tons of pig
iron per day, employing 1000 men. It was
intimated by. those interested that the
new company would be an active competi
tor of the recently formed steel combine
in the United States. .. v .
been started, or who would want to in
jure such a good name as that of Joseph
Lo Conte. All changes that are to be
made in the university were made public
at the Repents' meeting to-day. Every
thing has been done that is contemplated
for the year."
Professor Albin Putzker. who was to
day reduced from the position of head o£
the Gorman department to that of pro
fessor of German literature, said to-night
that he has no fault to find with the
change.
"I am perfectly satisfied," he said.
"Everything will be the same as hereto
fore. My salary remains where it has
been and personally I am better suited
than before. I have wanted to devote
myself exclusively to the special task o?
Instruction in German literature, which is
Just the scope of my duties for the
future."
President Wheeler said: "Tho German
department needed enlargement, that I*
all. and it is to be enlarped."
Liberal Provision Made for the Li-
REGENTS ADOPT THE BUDGET.
brary Fund — New Faculty Po
sitions Are Created.
At a protracted executlvo session of .the
Hoard of Rccents of the University of
California held yesterday afternoon at tho
Hopkins fr.stitute the budget of expenses
for tho coming year was adopted. The
annual estimate contain!) many interest
ing provisions. In providing for the li
brary fund the regrnta wore more liberal
than ever before. $15,000 being setnSlde for
the purchase of books and periodicals.
This sum will enable the university to
keep pace with Eastern Institutions In this
respect.
Besides adopting the, budget, the regents
made a few changes in the faculty and
STEEL COMBINE
HAS ITS RIVAL
TWO MEMBERS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA FACULTY, RU
MORS OF WHOSE PENDING DEPOSITION ARE INDIGNANTLY DE
NIED BY PRESIDENT WHEELKR AND THE REGENTS.
BIG BENEFIT FOR
TEACHERS' FUND
Girls'. High School Students Giva
Professionals Assist.
Splendid Programme in Which
The entertainment given "yesterday af
ternoon at the Girls' High School for
the teachers' annuity fund was a great
success, both from an artistic and finan
cial standpoint. The big auditorium was
crowded and fully $300 was realized by tho
undertaking.
All the credit for the entertainment is
due to the following young ladies, who
took entire charge of the affair:
Miss Alice M. Baer, Miss Gertrude L. Fried
lander. Miss Leila Samuels, Miss Alice Ron
bur, Miss Jennie A. Commlngs, Miss Viva
GUI, Miss Celeste Lacoste, Misa Alice Treanor.
Miss Anna Meyer, Miss- Jessie Burns. Mlsa
Gertrude Gabbs, Miss Martha Spencer, Misa
Ellen .Page and Miss Olga Herman.
The .following was the afternoon's pro
gramme:
Tenor solo, Harry Wood Brown: recitation.
Miss Lillian Qulnn; soprano solo. Miss Camilla
Frank; reading, Robert Downing; contralto
solo. Miss Xena Roberts, specialties, Miss
Josephine Gassman and pickaninnies; solo,
Fred Hotaling; recitation. Edwin Emery; spe
cialties. Miss Claire Fex; soprano solo. Miss
Harriette H. Simon.
"COU> MOI*ASSES" WINS
. FKOM FAMOUS JOCKEYS
Mounce and Doxninick Hide in "The
County Fair" and Get Second
and Third.
It was "Jockeys' night" at the "County
Fair" last night. The California Theater
was crowded from pit to dome with a
large audience, composed mostly of men
who follow tho racing game. The or
chestra was crowded out of Us accus
tomed stand and sought refuge in the
wings.
Interest centered In tho famous horse
race of the play. Jockeys Mounce and
Domlnlck, dressed In the colors they have
time and again brought to the front at
Tanforan, participated, but, despite hard
riding, they had to submit gracefully to
second and third places. The lads were
greatly disappointed. They had 'made up
their minds to defeat Cold Molasses, the
animal that wins nightly, but an u.isym
pathelc scene shifter pulled the treadmill
on which the black horse was pounding.
Some of the jockeys' friends wanted the
horse disqualified and the scene shifter
fined for using a strong arm. but the
author of the play had decided differently.
Mounce rode Ginger and managed to come
under the imaginary wire in second place.
This fact gave the little Jockey some sat
isfaction.
Tommy Mead, the youth who rides for
Sam Hildreth, received an ovation after
singing "Always."
Among those present In the body of the
house were: President Thomas H. Will
iams Jr. of the California Jockey Club,
Prince Poniatowski, Lansing Mizner, W.
H. Crocker and Walter Hobart.
The "County. Fair" will close a success
ful engagement this evening. A matinee
performance will be given this afternoon.
THE rumors that have emanated
from Berkeley during the past
few days that Professor Joseph Le
Conte would be dropped from the
faculty ; of the State University
have caused intense Indignation among
the legion of friends of the aged and be
lcved instructor. , The story that the
Hoard of Regents would make a number
of changes and that Professor Lo Conte
und Professor Albin Putrkor were to be
deposed has absolutely no foundation.
The Board of Regents met yesterday
and passed the budget for the ensuing
year. Rumors were rife in the university
town during: the day that the regents ha-1
held a secret meeting- on Thursday and
had decided to depose Professor Le Conte
and Professor Putzker at the official
meeting of the board, but no such action
was taken.
Regent Arthur Rodgers was seen last
evening and he characterized the report
as a fabrication.
"It Is not worth the digrnityof a denial."
s=aid Mr. Rogers warmly, "and there is
not a word of truth In the statement.
The subject of the deposition of Professor
Le Conte has never been broached and
is not likely to be. I regret that any such
statement should be tnade. for It cannot
but hurt the feelings of the beloved pro
fessor."
No Truth in the Report.
Judge C. W. Slack, who is a recent of
i ne university, when asked about the ru
mors, said:
"There is not a word of truth in them.
It is false and it Is not necessary to sav
any more on the matter. Professor l«e
Oonte is dearly beloved by all and why
these rumors are started I cannot unde-
btand. The regents have taken no step
to depope Professor Putrker."
Wheeler's Strong Denial.
Professor Le Oonte li:is been connected
with th<" siati- Vnlversity since its open
ing in ISO. and has held the chair in
K©ology. botany and natural history for
that period. His fame as an educator is
world-wide and to munv thousands hn is
known a* "Joseph Le Come, the beloved "
Professor Puttkcr Is head of the depart
ment of German and entered the univer
sity in IS74 as instructor. It is evident
from a comparison of the university
r*>*rist«- and th<» budget passed bv the
Board of Regent* yesterday, that 'there
will b* a new head to ih<» department of
German. In the register Professor Putx-
Uer Is mentioned as "professor of Ger
man language and literature." while in
the budget passed yesterday the profes
sor rank* as "professor of German litera
ture." The budget provides for a pro*
feesorshlp of "German lnnruaeo and liter
ature" at a salary of $3300. the space for
name of the holder of the post being va
cant. The vacant professorship also
comes under the head of "new positions."
OAKLAXD, April 19.— President Wheel
er was very positive and emphatic to
night In declaring that the rumor of the
possible retirement of Joseph Le Come
had no foundation. He said:' •
"There Is no such a change contemplat
ed or thought of by any one. This ta":k
la terrible. I don't see how it could have
NEW DELEGATES ADDED
TO THE LABOR COTJNCI1.
Cooks and "Waiters Submit Schedule
for Hours of Work and Bates
of Wages.
The already large representation o£
union branches of labor in the San Fran
cisco Labor Council was Increased at tho
meeting last night by the addition of tho
following representatives:
Steam litters* Helpers'. A. Courtney;
Drug Clerks, T. II. Hubachek, L. Burke
and H. C. Moore; Milk Drivers', Phil
yhanzeri; Pork Packers, J. J. Smith. O.
W. Ferris. J. D. Bryant. A. M. Oslo. F. J.
Wilson,- W. R. Noonan; Steam Laundr)'
Union, Miss Alice Arrougi and Miss Amy
O'Connell; United Garment Workers',
Miss Mary J. Gibson and M. B. Mason:
Theatrical Employes'. Jacob Fogei;
Cooks" and Walters', Charles Brown. II.
Kieser, Prentlss Hall, J. O'Brien; Steam
Fitters' and Helpers', Joseph Gallagher
and Richard A. Koppen.
The Cooks' and Walters' Union submit
ted a schedule of working? hours and a.
scale of wages' to take effect on and after
the first day of May. The wage scale
does not increase to any extent the pres
ent rates, but it compels the proprietors
to give to each man one day off every
week.
By authority of the executive comm't
tee of the Labor Council. Secretary Ed
Rosenberg and General Organizer J. IX
Pierce have had several interviews with
the managers of E. and L. Emanuel's
shop, with the object of harmonizing tho
differences that have existed between this
firm and the Millmen'a Union. From tht>
report of Secretary Rosenberg it seems
an assured fact that a satisfactory agree
ment will be reached and that the rules
of the arbitration committee will be
signed in the near future.
A communication from the upholsterers
requesting a boycott against W. A.
Schrock for the offense of declining tt
unionize bis shop was referred to tho
executive committee for investigation.
Secretary Dljeau of the MUkdrlvers'
Union reported that the Holstetn Dairy,
run by tho McLellan Brothers, 1713 Wash
ington street, ia unfair and has non-union
hands at work. A request that no union
man patronize the dairy wm made.
Circular letters were sent out to the va
rious dairy proprietors, drawing their at
tention to the city ordinance regarding
the sanitary condition of the help. It was
stated that any dairy falling to comply
with the letter and spirit of the ordinance
will be boycotted on information to tho
council to that effect.
of 5975,000, or $37,000 mors than, last year,
ia set aside for teachers' salaries. Tho
principal items that were reduced follow:
Bureau of Building's and Architecture, cut
from $201.SS0 to $114,254; salaries of Street Bu
reau. $25,080 to $22,500; cleaning of sewers.
$144,704 to $69,300; improvement of county roads,
$17,000 to $10,000; sweeping of streets, $205,000
to $186,000; Engineer's Department, $113,050 to
$59,SS0; Police Department. $812,872 to $T85.06S;
salaries of Health Department, $82,300 to $63,
000; City and County Hospital, $114,900 to $90.
000; Department of Electricity. $161,482 to
$91,900.
Bevenue Prom. Other Sources.
The estimated reveuue from sources
other than taxation follows:
From ¦. general fund, school fund, etc— Pees
of the city and county offices, $130,000; fines
imposed, in Police Courts. $30,000; fines im
posed in Superior Courts, $1500; licenses munic
ipal, $470,000; rents, city property, $2750; sub
sistence (Sheriff) United States prisoners.
$7300: build ins- permits. Board of Public "Works,
$15,000; building- permits. Department of Klec
trlcity. $10,000; Assessor's commission (6 per
cent) on personal property collections. $10,000;
percentage on franchises. $12,500; from other
sources. $6S50; State apportionment of school
moneys. $675,000; rents of .Lincoln School lots,
etc.. $56,000; collateral Inheritance. $20,000; sale
of old material. $1000; library fines. $2000; total
estimated revenue. $1,470,100.
The surplus fund of $480,000 Is appor
tioned for the payment o£ old claims, as
follows:
Teachers* salaries, etc., for fiftieth fiscal
year. $127,487 56; unpaid claims for forty-first
to forty-fourth fiscal years. $192,107 11: doubt
ful claims for forty-first to forty-fourth fiscal
years, $5403 S3; total. $325,000; to provide for
the refunding 1 of protested taxes (In event of
judgment being secured by applicants). $100,000;
for improvement of public parks and squares
$55,000; Brand total. $480,000.
AUDITOR WELLS submitted to
the Board of Supervisors yester
day his estimate of the rate of
taxation necessary to meet the
current expenses of the various
departments of the municipal government
for the fiscal year, which he places at
$5,470,100 for all purposej. Based on an as
sessed valuation of $400,000,000 the Auditor
recommends the levying of a tax of $1
on every $100, of which .9231 will raise $-.
692,500, to be applied to expenditures and
.0769 will produce $307,500 fcr new Improve
ments. In this communication to tne fau
pervisors Auditor Wells says:
Not only have I considered the wants of the
different departments, but I have taken into
consideration the public welfare, realizing that
public Improvements are imperative. I na\e
carefully made provision for permanent im
provements, viz.: the repairing and repaying
of streets the erection of municipal buildings
and the construction of sewers, etc.. all of
which you will note Is strictly within the ?1
I have also estimated that there will be a
cum of not less than $4S0.000 in the surplus
fund at the end of this fiscal year which_ I
consider revenue from other sources. Of this
amount I recommend the payment of the un
paid claims of salaries, work done and mate
rial furnished, during the forty-first, forty
second, forty-third and forty-fourth fiscal years
and the unpaid salaries of teachers, for the
fiftieth fiscal year, as per constitutional amend
ment, also about $100,000 .for refunding of taxes
paid under protest, as per records of the Tax
Collector's office, amounting in all to not more
than $425,000, leaving a balance approximat
ing $55,000 for the improvement ot parks and
In addition to the above, I desire to call
your attention to the fact that I have made
specific appropriations for salaries. mainte
nance and material for the different depart
ments: and if this plan would be adhered to,
instead of making the appropriations in lump
sums the usual extravagance may .be guarded
against. It would also be of great benefit to
this department relating to the one-twelfth
act. Respectfully submitted. .
ASA R. WELLS. Auditor.
Provision for Improvements.
The $307,500 for new improvements is
segregated as follows:
For repavlng accepted streets, as per es
timate of the City Engineer, in addi
tion to $118,540, the amount set aside In
the budget for Bureau of Streets, or a
total of $213,540 for repavins. repairing
and Improvement of accepted streets... $100,000
For reconstruction of sewers, as per es
timate of the City Engineer, in addi
tion to the amount of $69,300 us pro
vided for in the estimate of Bureau
of Streets, or a total of $169,300 for the
construction and repairing of sewers.. 100,000
For municipal buildings—
Schools in addition to the $10,000 set
aside for permanent improvements in
the estimate of School Department, or
a total of $83.000 £.000
Fire Department building
Central fire alarm station ,500
Additions to hospitals, jails, Almsnouse •_¦
and City Hall : • 20-0O0
Grand total for Improvements $307,500
Auditor Uses Pruning Knife.
Among the estimates of amounts which
were asked for by ths various depart
ments that of the Board of Works was
cut by about one-half, or $600,000. The sum
TEACHERS PREPARE FOR
BIG MAYDAY FESTIVAL
Improved Arrangements and Great
Programme Augur Well for Its
Financial and Social Success.
Every indication points to the fact that
the second Mayday festival for the bene
fit of the annuity fund fcr retired teach
ers to bo hold at Glen Park on Maydav
will exceed in attendance and varietv of
attractions that given last year at . the
same place.
In the parade It is expected 3000 children
will participate. There will be physical
culturo exercises, patriotic songs, speeches
by distinguished educators and prominent
men In civil and political life, concerts
by school and professional bands, a.n-1
athletic contests for. old and younjr. Other
features will be an automible parade, with
the horseless carriages loaded with chil
dren, swings.see-saws.pole and merry-go
rounds, donkeys, pony enrts, Wild flowers
in profusion can be cathered in the im
mediate neighborhood.
Teachers of the various schools will
maintain booths where all kinds of re
freshments will be served at city prices.
The proceeds of the- sales of these lunch
eons and delicacies will go toward the
fund. As hundreds of reticles and large
quantities of provisionn have been do
nated a large revenue Is expected from
this source. ' ,
Improved car service has teen arranged
for with the Market Street and San Mateo
lines. Last year 40,000 people were carried
without accident. Thi3 year it is con
fidently asserted that 60,000 can be handled
without difficulty.
prepared for the establishment of several
new courses of instruction. It was de
cided to add Russian to the number of
foreign languages taught at Berkeley, in
order that students may prepare them
selves to take advantage of the opportu
nities offered in the Orient. Dr. George
B. Noyes, who for the past year has been
assistant professor of English at the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, was selected to take
charge of this new department. Profes
sor Noyes in addition to being an adept
in the use of the Slavic language has
traveled extensively through the different
provinces of Russia and is thoroughly fa
miliar with the different dialects. As dur
ing the first year he will have only be
ginners to instruct he will devote a. por
tion of his time to teaching Knglish. The
position of assistant Instructor in Latin
was created and Dr. Dr. Stanley Simonds
was elected to fill It. He is an eminent
NETV YORK, April 19.— The Board ot
Classification of the United States Gen
eral Appraisers to-day announced a de
cision In the Russian sugar case.
The board decided, by a majority vote,
that the American Government was justi
fied in assessing a countervailing duty on
Russian sugar, the precise amount being
determined according to the bounty de
clared to have been paid by the Russian
Government when the sugar was export
ed. The countervailing duty was levied
in connection with the circular issued by
Secretary Gage on February 11 last, This
circular was based on section 4 of tha
present tariff act, which, directs "that in,
addition to the regular duties countervail
ing duties shall be assessed upon goods
which receive bounties from foreign gov
ernments, the extra duty to be equal to
the bounty.
The opinion of the board Is written by
Judge Henderson Somerville, late of the
Supreme Court of Alabama, and General
Appraiser Fischer concurs with. *i<tw,
George C. Tlchenor, formerly Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, writes a dis
senting opinion.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 Q STREET. N.
W.; WASHINGTON, April 19.— The en
forcement of a countervailing duty on
Russian sugar means a continued retali
ation by the Russian Government. Had
the Board of Appraisers held that no
bounty was to be paid Russian sugar pro
ducers and had the countervailing duty
been removed there Is- no doubt that the
St. Petersburg authorities would hava
promptly reduced the duty on American
steel and other manufactures.
in authoritative Quarters it Is now con
ceded to be impossible for Russia to take
such action. No further American im
ports are to be required to pay a higher
duty, but Russia will take into considera
tion the action of this Government when
the Siberian tariff is under preparation.
Count Casslni, the Russian Embassador.
insists that there Is no political motive
underlying the question and that the re
lations between the two governments are
most cordial. He only r^.rets that a con
troversy should have arisen because of
the embarrassment which will naturally
follow to American as well as Russian ex
porters.
• Secretary of 'the Treasury Gage has not
been officially notified of the action of the
Board of General Appraisers In the Rus
sian sugar cases. He is much gratified,
however, by the press dispatches an
nouncing the result, which is in entire ac
cord with his expectations. It is expected
by the treasury officials that the Im
porters will avail themselves of their
right of appeal to the United States Cir
cuit Court, and It will probably be sev
eral months before a final decision la
reached by that tribunal.
Classification Board Declares
This Government Is
Right
Countervailing Duty on
Russian Sugar "War
ranted.
NO INJUSTICE,
SAY APPRAISERS
BERKELEY, April . 19.— A university
meeting, given over entirely to student
sentiment and feeling, was held this morn
ing in Hearst Hall. It was the last of the
term, and the hall was unable to hold all
those who wished to be present.
The meeting was presided over by Pres
ident Wheeler. ' Members of the faculty,
the student speakers and the Choral So
ciety were seated on the platform. Presi
dent "Wheeler addressed the students as
follows:
You love your university, don't you? You
want to be loyal to it, don't you? Being loyal
to a university doesn't mean that you must
criticize it. There was a tlmc^when the alumni,
of this university thought to support It by
criticizing it. Now the alumni has turned clean
about face and Is supporting it by true loyalty.
The best thing that happened at Stanford this
year amid all the troubles and discussions
there was when the students tpok one of their
number who had ceased to be loyal and dipped
him in the deep, blue water. That act was
simply glorious!
Ralph T. Fisher, president of the As
sociated Students, was the first of the
speakers \to discuss for two minutes
"What Can Each of Us Do for the Uni
versity?" By being true to yourself, he
argued, you would be true to your col-
L.A. Wotnble, the football player, said:
We can do much here, little and big. The
man In the second eleven who gets nothing
but hard knocks and cheera and a two-and-a
half sweater at the end of the season Is the
man who sets an example -we should follow.
R. W. Tully said:
By realizing -what our university has done
for us we can best realize what we can do
for it. I will suggest a few things we can
do this summer vacation. When we get to our
homes we must show ourselves as true col
lege men and women. Each one should be
careful of what he says and to whom he says
it. Tell the farmer who cheerfully pays his
taxes not only of football victories, but of
what the agricultural department is doing,
what the chemistry and mining departments are
doing for us all. Teach the taxpayer that col
lege men are not snobs or caricatures of men
as pictured in the comic papers.
J. W. S. Butler spoke as follows:
The university has given us the beet It has.
We can stop petty class mix-ups and work to
gether as a unit, showing our loyalty in this
manner.
R. R. Service said:
We can each of us aid the university by
doing strongly, cleanly and well the things
that fall to our lot to do while we are at col
lege.
Yell Leader M. H. Schwartz said:
You should impress upon your fellow stu
dents to be gentlemen first and college en
thusiasts second. You ask me what is the
best thing I can do personally for the uni
versity; it is to get out, and I'm trying mighty
hard to do it.
Other speakers were C. S. Green, presi
dent of the Alumni Association: TV. B.
Greeley. F. M. Allen. Nathan Moran, H.
W. Furlong and J. M. Eshleman. -
EROYER'S POOLROOMS
ARE RAIDED BY POLICE
Keeper and Sixteen Visitors, Among
Them Being State Senator John
. Hoey,' Arrested. .
The poolrooms conducted by A. B. Broy
er at 113 O'Parrell street were raided yes
terday afternoon about 1 o'clock by Cap
tain Wittman and posse. Policeman We
dekind, a new member of the force, was
instructed to try his hand at buying a
pool and he was to signal to the captain,
who stood on the opposite side of the
street. Wedefcind placed a dollar on Star
light, strolled leisurely to the door and
made the signal to the captain which had
been agreed upon.
Seventeen men were arrested, J. H.
Roche as the keeper, and sixteen visitors.
Among the latter was State Senator John
Hoey, who begged the captain not to send
him to the City Prison in the patrol wa
gon. His plea was unheeded. Two patrol
wagcna were in readiness and the seven
teen were bundled into them and driven
to the prison. Roche and Hoey were
promptly released on cash ball, the former
In JSO and the latter In $25. J. Kruse. a
bookkeeper, was also released on $25 bail
and the others on $200 bonds each, the
sureties being Broyer and George Ahrens,
425 Harrison street. Tickets, a board and
$84 85 were booked as evidence.
Undergraduates Tell What
Each Can Do for
University.
Ducking Episode at Stan
ford Furnishes the
Text.
WHEELER TALKS
ABOUT LOYALTY
PROFESSOR LE CONTE IN NO DANGER
OF BEING DROPPED FROM FACULTY
President Wheeler and Regents Rodgers and Slack Indignantly Declare Ru
mors of His Pending Deposition Are Unfounded-Putzker No Longer
Head of the German Department, but Will Remain at the University
¦••¦¦-.• ¦ ¦ ,¦ ¦ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1901.
Allows $307,500 for Permanent Improvements and'
Estimates Sum Required for Conduct of All De
partments of Municipal Government at $5,162,600
RECAPITULATION OF TAX ESTIMATE.
AUDITOR WELLS RECOMMENDS TAX
RATE INSIDE THE DOLLAR LIMIT
11
•
FD\DS
AXD
ACCOUXTS.
Total
Expendi-
tures.
Revenue
Otber
Than
Taxes.
Revenue
From
Taxes.
Tax
Levy.
General, police con-j
tlntveiit. police re-
lief and pension, • '.'
unapportloned fee
fund, etc 9^,8SO,6OO ? 716,100 83,104,500 $ .7011
School fund 1,200,000 752,000 44N.OOO .1120
Library fund <J2,OOO 2,000 GO.OOO .O1SO
Firemen's relief and
pension f and ...... 20,000 20,000 .0050
Current expenses. $5,102,600 $1,470,100
For new improve-
ments . 307,500 ..........
$3,692,500
307,500
$ .0231
.0760
Total current ex-
penses, lnclud-
Iiik new im-
provements . . . $5,470,100 $1,470,100
94,000,000
?i. oo
Park fund .. • $
Interest account
Sark improvement
onds, 1874-1S75 . .
Sinking; fnnd park
1 in i> r o v c m e n t '
bonds, 1S74-1S75
285,000 $ 5,000
15,000
10,000
9
280,000
$ .07
16,000
.00375
10,000
.0025
Rate of taxation for current expenses on ec
atlon
Rate of taxation for new improvements on ei
tlon
ten $100 valn-
$0.9231
ich $100 valna- ¦
... .0760
. . .*? l.OO
of $400,000,000.
Total
Estimate based on an assessed valuation
I Expert Opinion Unanimous 1
Jg ' IX ¦ DECLARING ®
$& THE SAFEST AND BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER KNOWN. g)
Senator Professor Paul Mantegazza., Florence, Italy, writes- . '"> &\
02\ -,"Hunyadi Janos is- certainly the best aperient water, seeing that a Cose of from /E%
H>* one-half to a" glassful secures an immediate and painless evacuation. Ylrchow de- Xq3
scribed It as 'most valuable,' and the foremost clinical physicians of Germany £2)
/3£\ . have employed it with the greatest success." ]2c
® For Constipation, Biliousness &Torpid Liver @
A for the foil Name, C I 71 OX? I £ bi«, wit a ®
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing 1 any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell It, especially
firuggistsj all sorts of people use it. .4THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 20, J.901.
12
EDUCATIONAL— Contlnqed. \
A FTJLL course' of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market Et.
A -SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business j
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct, 220 Parrott. bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, ¦ rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg. ; Individ, instruction: catalogue.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PAKTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
KMPLOYaiEXT OFFICES. _^
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., beet help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. * GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135. .
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment; all. kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
• fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help.428 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411V& O'Farrell et ; tel. East 426. :
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes situ- !
atlon as working housekeeper; refined and
trustworthy. MRS. M. LISTON. station M,
Richmond district.
NEAT woman will assist in small family
where she will have good home and small
wages; good plain cook; good references. Box
3710. Call office. -. . -J _^
'A RESPECTABLE middle-aged ; German lady,
all alone, good plain German cook, desires po-
sition by aged couple or in small family; no
children. Box 3828. Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position as typewriter or
copyist;, has college education and Chicago
references. Box 3S32, Call office. > . •
COMPETENT woman- wishes work by the day,
washing, cleaning or any kind of work. .79
Jessie st. . . ¦
REFINED middle-aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper; city or country. Call 68-76 Ellis
st, room 57, between 1 and 4 p.m.'. " -
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth st. "
YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day. Address German Woman. 300 Hayea st.
WANTED — A position by a young lady to as-
sist in office work, clerk 4n book or music
store; small salary to begin with. Address
box 3791. Call office. ¦ : .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third 6t. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
and baggage ,to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1096
Valencia st. "*.-¦¦¦
EMPLOYSIENT WANTED MALE."
SITUATION wanted by temperate young man
to look after gentleman's place; understands
the care of horses and carriages; is a first-
class butter-maker: understands the use of
. hand separator; also good milker; under-
stands the rearing of .chickens; general all-
around man. Box 29S5, Call office". - ; ¦
STRANGER from the East wants position of
any kind; am a hustler and not afraid of
. work: 14 years' experience In dry goods and
general merchandise. Address Royal House,
. 124 Ellis st. room 118. . ¦
WANT employment as man about place; can
milk. cows, take care of horses, chickens,
handy tools; also understands garden-
ing; good references: ¦ reasonable wages ex-
pected. Box 3830, Call office. ¦ ¦ •
AN energetic young man. 22, of good address,
wants a position with a wholesale firm; Is
willing to work and learn. Box 3718. Call.
W-ANTED— Situation as helper In .a planing
mill or on sashed and doors by a man with
some experience. Address box 3889, Call office.
YOUNG man. wishes to hear of a position as
bar or grocery clerk ; first-class .reference.
Box 38S8. Call office. -
WITH good references, I want a place as cook
In boarding-house or Institution In this city.
Address YEE LING, 20 Prospect place, city. .
BOOKKEEPER, experienced, German, ,33,
wants position. ROETHING, 1214 Laguna st.
MAN and wife want positions; man under-
stands farming and Incubator and chickens;
wife a goad cook and housekeeper.. Box 3806,
Call office. v '-I.-- 1 ' '¦' ¦'
ELDERLY man, neat' wants ¦ light -employ-
ment; can fill any position; wages no object:
¦ steady and reliable; gtcd references for hon-
esty. Box 2SS2, Call efflce. ; - ¦
YOUNG man wants position in grocery and
bar-; had one year's experience in bar work;
can sifeak German and English. Box 3836.
. Call -office. \ • ' ¦ ¦• •" '
A COMPETENT young man wishes position "in
grocery store: experience and reference.' Ad-
drejss FRED RODRIGUEZ. 412 O'Farrell St. ¦
MAN and wife wish positions on private place
or take charge of small ranch. 312*4 Eighth.
RELIABLE' middle-aged " man, . JO years' ex-
perience ¦¦¦ in. ¦• care . of horses, garden, etc.,
wishes situation on, private place. Address
ERNST BOEGEL, 812 Twentieth st; Oak-
v land. ; Cal. . ¦/¦¦ : . V
FIRST-CLASS confectioner and baker wishes
situation in country. Box 3859, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has' been . established at 1096
Valencia St. ' • . - ' ' ' ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore wf
FINANCIAL.
FOR INVESTORS '. ! 1 \
I OFFER FOR SALE.' ¦-,- ¦
Unimproved and income city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and industrial corporations; money; to
, loan: Investments made;, bank references;
correspondence solicited.
T. OTWAY SADLEIR. '^
. ., Room 40." 310 Pine St.,
San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET— Furnished.
A" NICELY furnished modern flat of 4 ' rooms.
, ¦ complete; : reasonable. ¦ 513 ¦. Eddy st.
$42 50— SUNNY furnished flat, 6 rooms, bath;
• piano: Golden Gate ave/ Box 3S70, Call office.
654 ' CHURCH • st.— Furnished corner flat of b
' rooms; -ueari Eighteenth st " ¦ .- "<«*¦
HELP WA5TED— MALE— Con.
AT C. R. HA.NSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
- ; :....... RAILROAD WORK
Tunnelmen $2 to $3 50
. Teamsters and laborers. Uklah.. W
Laborers, R.R. work, south.-.: *1 ••*
Flee fare ' Free fare
10 milkers. $30; 6 farmers. $25 and $26: chore-
men, $20 and $25; blacksmiths and helpers.
$50 and $25 and board; 4 riggers, $3 50 to $» a
day;, man and wife, wife good cook. $35. see
party here '.
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, country restaurant. $85 and fare
advanced; second cooks, broilers. and fryers,
. $55, $60 and $65; roast cook and broiler, coun-
¦' try, $75; fry cook, country, $65; baker for
springs hotel, $:o and fare advanced: baker.
summer resort, $50; third cook, springs. $30:
10 kitchen hands and dishwashers. SSO. J25
and $20; 6 bell and elevator boys, $10. $15.
$20 and $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
4 SINGLE-HAND miners, $2* day and board:
married foreman for fruit ranch. $45; 2 drivers
for milk - wagons, $35 and $40 and found; young
man for produce store, $1 day; 2 young Ameri-
can men to drive. team, $30 to $35 and found
and increase; S milkers, $30 and $35 and found:
farmer and wife. Alameda County. $45: man
- and wife for private family. $50; farmers. $25
and $30; woodchoppers, tlemakers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
BAKER, country shop. $55. and found: hotel
cook, cpuntry, $40: boy to learn cake baking.
$10 and found; cook for lumber crew. $35; head
waiter, $30: restaurant and hotel waiters. $25
and $30 and found and $11 week; dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st. «
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsoro 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
MAN. upright character, to manage business of
established house; $18 week and expenses,
payable wkly from headquarters; expense
money advanced; permament: references.
Standard House. 324 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tlonal, 302 Caxton bldg.. Chicago. <
A SOBER young man, industrious, willing and
good habits, to be generally useful in hotel
and saloon: wages $15 mo.; ref. Vallejo Ex-
presa. 511 Market St.. 2 to * p. m.
WANTED— First-class shaper and band saw-
yer; 1 sticker hand. Pacific Coast Lumber &
Mill Co.. Second and Grove sts.. Oakland.
WANTED— Two good steam Otters or plumb-
ers at the Long Syrup Refinery, cor. Eighth
and Brannan st Call bet 7 and 10 a, m.
Saturday.
BARBER for Saturday; $3 60. 108 Fourth st
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1503 Fol-
som; will pay $5 for both days.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 131 Third
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3.
797 Mission st >
BARBER wanted for Saturday from 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; $3 50. 619 Kearny st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1648 Mis-
• slon st • -
BARBER wanted- for Saturday: good wages.
1111 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day at 704 Brannan st. ; wages $5.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; wages
$5. 1405 Polk st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1406'4
Dupont st
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth
street. ¦¦
WANTED— Tailor at ROOS BROS.. 25-37
Kearny st. .
"WANTED— Bushelman. 709 Market it. next
to Call building. , .
STABLEMAN wanted; $30 per month and
found; Scandinavian preferred. 143 No* St.
STRONG boy wanted. 152 New Montgomery
. street.
BOY for helper in iron shop; must have some
experience. Apply S14 Kearny st.
WANTED— A good night cook and night waiter
for restaurant. 1S50 Market st
WANTED— A lunch waiter at 223 Michigan st ;
apply 'between 9 and 10 o'clock.
ALL sizes men's* shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
STEADY man with $175 cash can mak» $S0
month. Apply at 209 Kearny St., room 1.
W ANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 637 Brannan
street. ; :
YOUNG man to drive milk waeon. 1318 Treat
ave. ; German preferred.
WANTED — A good dishwasher. 129 Ninth
street .
BOOTBLACK wanted. 152 Third street
NjfLAT yotinsr waiter wanted. $7 week. 210
Townsend st
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st
A GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st
"WANTED— A dishwasher at ' 19 ' Powell st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. V.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35;
not less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 8
feet 1 inch; able to read and speak English.
For further Information apply at the* Recruit-
ing Office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. . •
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade la two months, saving 1 two years:
mailed free. We have no 6c shop in connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to o*r own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED — At once, man of 30 to 35 to act as
aggnt with traveling doctor: no former ex-
perience required; good -salary; none but
steady, sober and reliable need apply. - Call
to-day at 1000 Valencia. .
APPRENTICE wanted — A young" man who has
had 1 year's experience In composing-room of
printing office; good wages and steady posl-
' tion. Address, with references. JOS. M.
ANDERSON, 416 J st., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Middle-aged single man to assist In
grocery and saloon; also to take care of horse
and wagon. Apply MR. STOESSER. 151 BeaJo
st, near Howard. "
WANTED— Manager with capital to handle ex-
hibit at Buffalo; the best of its kind in
America, Box 2S83. Call office.
WANTED— Steady mar.; permanent place: light
work; will pay $65 per month to start; must
have $200. READ & CO.. 1007V& Market at.
ABOUT TEN more agents wanted at 847 Third.
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
WANTED — A bright boy for office work. Box
3861, Call. ' ' ¦ - -
BARBERS— A meeting of the proprietors of
barber shops chanting 10c for a shave will
be held on SUNDAY, the 21st lnst.. In Ma-
sonic Room. B. B, Hall.' 121 Eddy st., at
2 o'clock. Business of importance. By order
of many proprietors. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin.- Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week-
W ANTED— First-class cock for hotel; refer-
ences required. C. E. EMERSON. Susan-
vllle. Cal. . ¦ . .-
RELIABLE and capable married man to work
on ranch. Apply 222 Dolores st, between 6
and 7 p. m.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
SOc. Boston House. 980 Howard st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. uOc up. 241 Third st
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 113 Kearny at
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st
SAILORS, blacksmiths, "seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c nlghtT reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce,220O Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' '•-.-¦ . .
J^-^r -** ORSES AXI> : u .yyi4<"9? 1 *?; ._.,,.'__
40 HORSES for sale; -also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
357 ' Sixth Bt. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR Sale— At Eclipse Stable. 1373 Eddy st.
span ' of brown mares, -15'i hands, gentle;
beautiful black horse, tst. 1250, gentle for fam.
FOR sale cheap — Laundry wagon In good re-
pair. RlncontHlll Stable. 417 Folsom st.
$130— A FAMILY bay , mare, buggy and har-
ness; nearly new. 130 Second ave.. Richmond.
YOUNG light • span > of mares , and camping
wagon. - 1203 . Mission ; St.. room ¦ 2V . .
A— 100, SETS secondhand harness; .wagons,
' carts.' buggies.' surreys, horses. . 1140 Folsom .
5 : SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in good
I order for sale. 377 Shotwell st. -
PPSIXESS CHANCES Continued.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st; tel. Main 1604.
$2000— FURNITURE store In best business town
on coast; established 17 years; sacrificed in
order to close estate; expense of investigation
paid by us if not found as represented.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. SO Kearny et.
WE have two shoe stores for sale at nearly
invoice price; call and get particulars; it ¦will
pay you. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., SO,
Kearuy «t ' ¦
WHOLE or half interest In well-stocked pay-
ing drug store on Market St.; rent only $65:
good lease; owner leaving city on account of
sickness: a bona fide bargain. HORN, SOL-
OMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400;
or owrer will sell half Interest to good busl-
lnees man for S800: will guarantee $1SO to $300
per month. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny et.
WHOLESALE liquor store; established II
years; doing a business of $40,000 per year;
books open to inspection to reliable parties;
terms If desired; a rare bargain. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny Bt
MARKET. 2618— For sale, dyeing and cleaning
place; established for years; doing good busi-
ness; must leave city. Call at above address.
AA— $400; GRAND opportunity for lady or gent;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
"Waiting-room, 23d-ave. etation. E. Oakland.
AN opportunity to make a barrel of money In
the next 6 months; $2000 or $3000 required.
Box SS31. Call office. .
FOR sale— Cigar store with clubroom Attached,
Inquire ZS33 Greenwich St.
LARGE and profitable agency of San Fran-
cisco newspapers In one of the best towns of
¦ the State and handy to San Francisco; 3000
Fubscribers; business could be divided up.
Address box 2SS4, Call office.
RESTAURANT; cheap; good location; good
business ; must sell; going to Samoa. 610
Stanyan Bt. ¦
FOR sale — Candy store and ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
J3C0— SALOON; old-established corner; 2 living
rooms; must sell; other business. B54 Fourth.
WANTED — A partner In saloon business. 640
Commercial et. '
A FIRST-CLASS new and second-hand ladles'
clothing store for sale cheap, aa the owner
has other business; the rent is cheap and lo-
cation first-class. - Apply • between 12 ¦ and 1
o'clock at 4CZ2 Folsom st.
WANTED— Respectable young lady or man as
partner in candy business. 941 Folsom st.
$76— LADY partner for shooting gallery. 532
Telegraph ave.. Oakland: hours 11 to 3 -daily.
HARDWARE and ship hupply store; doing good
business; if you are looking for something
that will pay investigate. 16 Folsom st.
$1500— FOR sale, well paying liquor stors and
wine house; transfer corner: fine basement;
everything new; owner having other busl-
ness. Box SS46. Call office.
BARBERS— Byrnes' Hotel barber shop and
bathhouse, 'Woodland, Cal., must be sold
this xvesk; price $150, complete.
NICE bakery, notions and candy place; estab-
lished 20 years. 106 Eleventh st
$20O^PARTNER in dyeing, cleaning; good man;
experience not necessary. 1421 Point Lobos av.
FOR sale— Good saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box 3738. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale on account of depart-
ure; living rooms complete. 136 Second St.
SALOON and furnished rooms for sale. 119
Second St.. corner Minna.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house for sale. Apply Call office.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
PENSION— Active partner wanted in long-es-
tablished business; small capital required;
email expense; quick returns; best refs. given
& required. Pension Partner, box 3731, Call.
QUARTZ mine for sale or lease; 4-stamp mill,
water power; will sell cheap or lease on
favorable terms. Address room 6, 906 Broad-
way. Oakland.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
16 rooms: corner: fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St.. near Market 500
14 rooms; on Third st., near Market 650
14 rooms* on Mission st 650
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms- north of Market; clears $200.... 2000
27 rooms; just finished; very Sne 2S0O
20 rooms; on Geary St.: clears $135 2400
44 rooms: positively the best; clears $300. 37CO
SO-room boarding-house; clears $600.. ..... 8000
f-room fiat: sunny side w
6-room flat: very good , '25
£00 oth<?r houses. 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
$100,000 to loan at 1% per cent.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. opp. 5th.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush S28.
If vou have hotel, rooming-house or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
toms rs for all sizes and prices.
Buyers, see our list of bargains:
S5 rooms: Sutter: central location: good tran-
sient house: Tent $200 $3600
49 rooms; Market; Al location; rent $170;
pood furniture: sunny $3500
34 rooms: Van Ness; rent $1SO: boarding-
house: good furniture and carpets..... $3ii'O
27 rooms: Post: transient; new furniture and
carpets; rent $115 $2600
10 moms; Mason; rent $70; partly unfur-
nished; sunny; good location; yard*.. .$$00
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THB
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
10 rooms; Ellis St.; fine house: only $450
15 rooms; cheap rent; well furnished 475
82 rooms; corner house; north of Market.. 800
42 rooms; bis money maker: a sacrifice... 2200
76 rooms: splendid location: downtown... 3550
US rooms; clears $150 mo.; worth double.. 2100
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 82S Market Bt.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices;
CO rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4500
J2 rooms, new. clcan^clears $30 900
34 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
80 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. SOOO
11 rooms, enly $200 cash, balance pay-
ments : — boo
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
18 ROOMS: Mission St.: rent $60; price $725.
18 rooms; Fifth st; rent $65: price $1000.
12 rooms; Mason st.; rent J45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard: rent SSO; price $1000.
13 rooms on Grant ave. : rent $75: price $1500.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho- j
tels to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed; 1
I am established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2, No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
i M GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call building.
. Lodging-houses of all sizes and prices for sale
and exchanged: I will lend you part of the
money and get you a good title. _^
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason.
45 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
16 rooms: Hy<le: very finely furnished.... 600
10 rooms: rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 753 Market; phone Black 4071.
26 rooms; sunny: rent $110; Post st $1800
18 rooms: rent $50; Third St.; cheap 850
38 rooms; Powell st: elegant 2100
. Many others to choose from.
S4 SUNNY rooms: rent only $70.. $1700
17. rooms; all light: transient 1550
45 rooms; Post: half can stand 2500
S3 rooms; Howard: well rented. 1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
FOR sale — 10-room rooming-house; 12SV4 Ninth
st: rood location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented. ' ¦
SNAP— $300: modern rooming house of 9 rooms,
1 block Van. Ness and Market: north side;
rent $25. Box 3S26. Call office.
ROOMING house. 8 rooms, kitchen: well fur-
nished; rooms rented. Box 3855. Call office.
14 ROOMS; central; transient: neatly furn.'shcd;
rent $40:- bargain. Donnelly Co.. 632 Market.
« SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world so sure of his occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 13S2 Market st. opp. Seventh. ¦
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a. specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve. : letters answered.
Resid. (no elgns), 613 Eddy, bet Hyde-Larkln.
FREE— W. Brockway, nervo-pathlst. locates
disease without askU:gr questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
cure; nervous and chronic diseases treated
without medicine. 327 Larkin, cor. G. G. ave.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, 'business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-*
tings fl. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
PROF. GEE. readings, L. SOc: G. $1; mall. $1;
dr. Tues.. Thurs;. Sat. 8 p.m.; 10c. 513 Jones.
EARLE, 622 Geary st. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally; seances Tues.,, Thurs. & Sun.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkin st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c;
FLATS TO LET.
CALIFORNIA st.. near Jones — Handsome upper
flat, 10 rooms, bath; carpets for sale; on ac-
count departure. Apply BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL,- 10 Montgomery st. "
A— SUNNY lower flat." 4' rooms and basement,
. $10. 110 Perry st., near, Third, r
ELEGANT new sunny flat, 10 rooms. 878 Eddy
st.,' near Van Ness ave.
FLAT to let: carpets and Magee range for
¦ sale. 1S06 Geary st. - . '
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 5 Birch ave.
NEAR City Hall: fine sunny top flat, 6 rooms
and bath. •' 12 • Grove st.
SUNNY 4-room | flat with large yard and sta-
ble. 2 Hayward st", off Harrison.
TO let— Elegant new large flats. Washington
at. between Scott and Devlsadero.
3 NEW elegant flats on Church St., near Mis-
sion High School. .
$1S— 3 rooms, on first floor: large basement
underneath and yard.' 812 Ellis st. rtr. Polk.
FCRXITURE FOR. SALE.
FURNITURE of a 4-room flat and bath for
sale; rent of flat only $10 per month. 611
Lacuna St.. near Hayes. .
4 ROOMS lurnished in cak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. Klne; Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
Etoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
eells- your bus., merchandise.fur., carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., md«e.. etc., see J, A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkin: tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys j-cur furniture, carpets.
planog. etc. 1135 Market *t. : tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A.^C.R. HANSEN & CO.... „. Phone GranV 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. -
Waitress, springs '. $20
head waitress, summer resort $30
2 waitresses, eame place ....$20
2 waitresses, same commercial hotel $20
waitress, country .hotel $25
waitress, summer resort $20
waitress, club ..'. $20
10 waitresses, city $20
cook, fifteen men $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
A housegirl for a small American family; no
washing plain cooking; good wages; office fee
paid by lady, C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. » ,
COOK and 2d girl, same place, country.. $30-$23
housegirl and second girl, Napa County. $25-$20
cooks, housegirls, second girls $10-$25
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS..M. E. DAY & CO...... Phone Main 1573.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :
2 waitresses, same hotel, .$20, tree fare both
ways, see party here 10:30; 8 waitresses, city
and country, $20, $25; 12 waitresses, city, $25,
room out; 3 chambermaids to wait, J20; cham-
bermaid, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT •....
Working housekeeper. $25, country, fare paid:
cook, 2 in family, country, $30, see lady here;
houseglrl, country, $30, see lady here; ranch
cook, $20, fare. paid; housegirl, Alameda, $25,
see party here. Many choice places city at
best' wages. - •
/ MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
"WANTED— Cooks, girls for housework, walt-
resses. parlormaids, second girls, laundresses
and girls for all kinds of work at good wages;
' all nationalities wanted to fill our large num-
ber of situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 31S
Sutter st. - . • . t ¦ : •.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Waitresses and chambermaids, $20; city and
Eummer resorts.
ABOUT ]200 more operators wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S, overall factory. 32 Fre-
mont Bt; no experience necessary; good
wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED. Immediately or for May 1— Respect-
able middle-aged woman for country (Lake
County); small family; general housework and
washing. Call forenoons at 3722 Seventeenth,
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls; good
pay; steady employment. HEYNEMANN &
CO.. 410 Mission st. . -
EXPERIENCED operators, also learners, on
muslin underwear. G. W. . REYNOLDS, 597
Mission et.. corner Second.,
NEAT elderly Christian woman to assist In
small family.' 1541 Treat ave., near Preclta-
Folsom-st. car. •
WANTED— A young German girl for general
housework; wages $20. 2298 San Jose ave.. near
new carhouse.
WANTED— A flrst-class saleslady for cloak
and suit house; good* salary and steady place
Box 3827. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on plain and corded un-
derskirts, etc.. to take work home. 11
FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell St.
"WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply at
HALE BROS.', 979 Market St., before 11 a. m.
WOMAN to assist giving vapor bath; good
home; fair pay; state age. Box 3708, Call. ¦
WANTED— Girls for hand sewing, dressmakers
. preferred. 231 Powell st.
GIRL or woman for light housework. 1130
Church st.
GIRL for shooting gallery. 425 Dupoit st;
call after 10 a. m. • . ' .
WANTED— A German or Swedish girl for
housework; small family; wages $15. 623 Mc»
' Alllster st. ,_ *
WANTED— First-class trimmer in millinery
department. Apply at HALE BROS., 979
Market st, before 11' a. m.
EXPERIENCED sewer on underskirts; steam
power; good pay. A. AARON. 579 Mission st.
MORE young girls to learn cigar ¦ making. $3
a week while learning. 621 Montgomery st
HAlRDRESSING taught in 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdressing College. 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College, 574 Geary st.
"WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
- tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 635 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at »1036
Valencia st. *! . <
. HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— WANTED^" ~ i '¦
Blacksmith and shoer, near city $40 & fd
Carriage painter, country ............$45 & fd
3 milkers, near city.;.. $30
Road teamster, city $30
Third hand bread baker..'. $40 and found
' Farmer. . Sonoma County.... $23
Laborer for foundry, city
2 woodchoppers, near, city :. ;'...
Night cook $60
Porter, saloon .......$6 a week and board
W. D. EWER & CO.. G10 Clay st
A— WANTED— ' ~. - -¦:-¦¦ s ~~
For mining company, %'fare paid. S laborers
: at $34 50 per month and board ; 3 quarrymen,
same mine, $42 and board, and 4 single hand
miners, $42 and board, steady Job. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st -¦¦..'-¦-.
A— WANTED—
Eastern young man to driv« a milk wagon
in this city, first-class place, $"5 to . $40 per
month- and found; 'must be good driver. W.
. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay fr '.. -.¦ -
A— DON'T FORGET— •
That Ewer & Co.. 610 Clay st, near Mont-
gomery, are the only employment
agents in San Francisco , who guarantee re-
turn of office fees and fare both ways to any
one ¦ not offered work where we send him.
Come and see us and leave unreliable offices
alone. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A— MURRAY & READY... ....Phone Main 6S13.
'..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WE— SHIP— TO-DAY
AND-PAY— YOUR— FARE
TO— THE-r-MILLS— YARDS— AND— WOODS
of a large sawmill company........
23 laborers, no experience necessary, wages
from $26 and found up and fare paid.
.Navigator steam launch .' .$13
'"- 7 ¦ painters, city and country.........
12 blacksmiths and helpers; ranch carpenter;
.harness maker..,......'. ....:.
LABORERS
•10 laborers, near clty..t..........'.....$l 75 day
"5 laborers, city and country. $1 50 to $2 25 day
10 laborers for the mines... ...$30
Slaughter-house butcher, $59; drillers, $32;
boys for shops and factories '.. ...; ,
25 farm hands ."....$26 and $30
A_Arm waiter, Nevada.......... $40, Vare paid
Steward for a club; 2 waiters for the mines;
". Man and - wife, , small ; resort, see boss here.
.to-day ."...J '..... ¦......:...'.;.'.........
FULL^-LISTS— OF— POSITIONS— ON —OUR
BULLETIN— BOARDS. ' ,
. MURRAY & READY. , 634-63S ¦ Clay st. • ¦
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 3d, phone Red 31.
r 4 carpenters ..... $3 per day
.2mllkers'.. -......'.......¦....;....: $30'per month
.3 waiters, "city.......'. ..$23 and room
1 potwasher .......:.......... ....$30 per. month
Edgerman ..V.. :...... ..$3 £0 per day
2 blacksmiths ...:.V..$40 per month and .found
'1 1 ¦ barber. * country ....:. ..$15 per week
4' men to make posts........ — $3 per hundred
" 5, men .for. mill, and ,wood3, ship to-day;. — .
> 5 tunnel men ......... — .......... .$2 per day
A — HOTEL, GAZETTE.' 26 Montgomery, rm.. 13-
S. P. VETERINARY College will commence Its
34 session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. »ec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN Jfe SON. 2117 Mission gt.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 7H. Howard.
AN a No. 1 express wjtgon. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale ch-ap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE to rent— 104 Guerrero St.. near Thlr-
teenth: 10 rooms, besides bath, laundry and
servants* room: high ground; sanitary pluml>-
lng: earden: 1 block from 3 lines of cars;
rent very reasonable. ,:¦;. •' '
SUNNY house 9 rms.; conveniences: large yarrt;
basement. 191S Central ave.. near Sacramento.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
DESIRABLE sunny corner fiat. 3 rooms and
bath: Oakland; $13. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
room 2.
COUNTRY HOUSES TO LET.
TO let In Santa Barbara — Furnished horjsn;
house and furniture new; fine location: two
blocks from Arlington Hotel and one block
from trolley line; ten minutes' ride from
beach: house contains four bedrooms, serv-
ant's room, etc; gas and electric llgrht«: th»
most complete and best furnished house In
Santa Barbara. For particulars address
FRANK M. WHITNEY. Santa Barbara. Cal.
MILL VALLEY HOUSES TO LET."
MILL, VALLEY— For rent for May. June and
August, camping cottase 3 rooms, furnished.
Apply 513 Jersey st.. San Franclapo.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— A lady'a rold watch and chain: letter*
"S. B." engraved on casa. A liberal reward
win ba paid for return of sama U L. T.
QUEEN. 429 Buchanan Bt.
LOST— A diamond rln* on Padflo Bt. between
Sansome and Kearny, being the only gift of
a dead mother. The finder will pleaaa return
to 444 Pacific at; liberal reward.
LOST— "White and' brlndle greyhound pup. Re-
turn to 2 South Broderlck St.; reward.
LOST— Poeketbook; name Inside cov«r, Alfred
Vollgny; two army discharges, C Troop.
Seventh Cavalry, and Battery E. Third Ar-
tillery; receipts from Odd Fellows Alta
Lodge No. 205; Knlghta of Pythias. Mars
Lodge No. 202. Please return to Odd Fellows*
building, room 4; reward.
BOAT lost, in Petaluma Creek, after 10 o" clock
Saturday night; painted dark outside, lipht
inside, with anchor in the boat. Finder
please notify Golden Eagle Mills, or FA1R-
BANKS. Petaluma. CaL
LOST— Certificates of deposit on the Pactflo
Bank and People's Savings Bank and mining
stocks. Reward $3 on delivery at 862 Bryant.
FOUND— Spaniel dor, San Francisco llcens*
372. WOO to 150V —Address 917 Webster st.
Oakland; pay expenses.
FOUND — A white cockatoo. Apply S3 Carme-
Ilto st, off Waller.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolta.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
gend 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 708 Hills at.
MATTRESSES ANU UPHOLSTEUY.
ilATTRESSES and upholstery; telTsoutii' 732;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared: expert carpet cleaning; strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes o£ fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment • su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnat*
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other "treatment will do this f the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. CDONNELL. 101S Markt.
DR. AND MR& DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 33 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive curs
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Horns
Treatment: harmless; consultation free,
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to glv<»
Instant relief for all female complaints at of-
fice; travelers helped at once-; home In con-
finement; consult fre«. MRS. DR. KOHL.
1122 Market st. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market St.. nr!
6th — Expert specialists; -well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 943 Post, bet Hyd» and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la-
dles* specialist; best medical care; low fees.
ALL cases of female complaints cured; expert
for S7 years. Dr. V. Popper. S23 Kearny st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, ?d-band machinery. M>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 133-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: wa always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band;
22 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 1C21, 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear «t.
GOOD paying" roomlns-house to exchange for
lot and cottage; Mission preferred; valus
about $1500.' Box 3715. Call office.
BARGAIN— Large family tent, new. best qual-
ity, complete, at KATTENHORN'S Grocery,
2441 Buchanan st.
FOR sale — Fine stock of chickens, all kinds
and sizes, from 10c up. Derby St.. west of
Magee ave., Lorin, Berkeley. ¦;• ¦ .
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— $3 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, S30 Kearny st, near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
BUI Lange and George Van Haltren: 30c post-
pa'.d. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them'
out; different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
DOZEN silver . spoons, perfectly new, for
$12. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
RUNTS, white homers, fliers and squab breed-
ers; prices reasonable. 2041 Linden, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines anl
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston. 55S Mission st., nr. 2.i.
2C0 LIGHT marine set. directly connected: good
¦ shape; cheap. H. 3. WHITE. S18 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beat* Bt
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. SS Biuxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
, MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento, st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tnres. BULLARD & ERECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-U1 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WA5TS.
____ - - . (
WANTED— Use of buggy horse for his board;
light work; best care. Horse, 378 Geary st
WANTED— Second-hand Ice shaver Ilka th«
Star. Address box 341. Palo Alto.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~^
A— MONEY to loan at rates which- peopIaTcan
afford to pay on furniture, pianos etc.- do
not borrow of your friends or yoa" will los*
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
IF YOUR PROPERTY 1 I " : T~ : '
.... . _... ia MORTOAGET5
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
€30 Market st. Loans on estates in -probate
undivided interests in estates, second mort.
gages, etc •
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEn!
ANY. amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages. undivided interest, real estate- In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business elss-
where. R. McCOLGAN. U Montgomery, r. 3.
* S 2?-5?L AT 6 , per cent !n sums to ¦«« in city:
JIAOOO on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: bo removal j
no commission; private. Room 81. 4 Eddr st.
* CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clalrvcyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located IT Third st, next Examiner bids.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the'present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If vou are in trouble.discontented, un-
happy or riot satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this :
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp^for pam-
phlet with special terms.- Dally and Sunday.
MME. \ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyotian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 23c up; satisfaction to
everybody: tips on races. 2i5^ Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant Si card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm. 1 and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op. '
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor.Bth.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken;tel. Howard 1S16.
MRS. DROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies. 25c; gents, 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA, the eypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; J5c up. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. Sth and 6th.
YOUNG MISS ZEMDAR. clairvoyant; names
given: L. tiOc: G. $1. 1203 Market, cor. Eighth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
"WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING' S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
242-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating: Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating. Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st. ; telephone Jessie 944
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CHUIOFODISTS.
CORNS, bunlcns, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: -painless cure. Dr.. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market gt.
DENTISTS. _ _
ATthe'ELECTRO^bENTAL CLINIC, 803 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
P. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
» DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. *
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings,
SOc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
'Office 1141 Polk st., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
CURKY, "Dentist"; all work guaranteed. 214
McAllister st: phone Mint 276.
MEYER 6 Turk — Painless extraction; vitalized
air ;crowns ;brldgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4 ; crowns, $3 ; fillings, 23c.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815»i Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
less/ extraction 50c;plates $3 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor, Es-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in,S. F. Painless extraction,
59c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. \ Q.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking- & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, ovtr O'Connor & Moffatt.
SKIRT maker wishes engagements by the day.
Box 40. 14 McAllister st
tJALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post Bt.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
. electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day.
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.;. life scholarship, $50; individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the unlverjrtty, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. PheJan building. i
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305. Larkin st. '-
ENGINEERING— Civil, -elec.,mlnlng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1S64.' Van
der Natllen School. il3 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
PROF. MERKI; from Paris.* violin, mandolin,'
guitar; experienced. IMS Mission st
S. H.TWR
jXPERT
CZ & ~~ ~ ~ ~ T^*
Riom22O Parr'oU Btjg —
855 Hafket Street
r|{g)fltL KINDS OF ACCOUNTING SOHC1TED.— CORRECTNESS CUARftNTEED@>3>
/,.'/ Bookkeeper* and College Graduates Perfected In Accounting
. Private Lessons in Bookkeeping and Rapid Calculations
Pupils studying in my office can obtnin a more thorough knowledge of practical
bookkeeping Ju- from fiur to eijjht weeks lliau can be obtained in any College In tna»
many moutljs. to my rooms^will be shown a gooil Iiitc-rrr.t Kulc FR- E
I take pleasure ia givinz au exhibition or Rapid Calc'ulatiou to ail visitor*
r^WW^JW^IMdoo. April .19 , 1901.
Business Manager S. F. ''Call. ' ' r
Dear Sir*. Having been running an ad in
your paper since 1890, I have found it a
valuable medium in which to reach the gen-
eral public, and the results have been all
that I could wish. Having had such good
results, you will please continue my ad
until further notice.
' Very respectfully,
¦ SAW KHJUSCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cs.'. corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
ccrner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
!«00 Hares street; open vntll ? - 80 p. ra.
C3 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
51S Larkin street; op' until 9:33 p. m.
1S41 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner sixteenth: open
crtll 9 p. m.
J06 Eleventh street: open nntil 9 p. m.
J«f« Valencia street: open until 9 p. ra.
?Tcrthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
reefcy streets: open until 9 p. m. .
MEETIXG yOTICES. J
MISSION Lodge No. 160. F. and A. M. — m
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second TJ3T
Degree. R. E. ALLAN, Sec, f^ y
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I. O. «k *m
O. F.— The officers and the funeral~A^'*
committee of the above encampment /\
are hereby notified to assemble at Odd* m
Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
rts.. on SUNDAY. April 2L at 1:30 o'clock p.
m. sharp, for the purpose of attending the
funeral ot our late brother. JOHN HILL-
MANX, P. r . P. By order of the C. P.
CHAS. Q.UAST, Financial Scrlbe.._
CONCORDIA Lodge No. 122, I. O. .^iMfaak.
O. F.— The mf>mb»rs of the funeral €gg£J>!<e
committee are hereby notified to "^^ffiff^s-
es»»mble at Odd Fellows' Hall; '"* x
FUND AT. April 51. at 1:30 p. m.. to attend
the funeral of our late brother, JOHN HILL-
MANN. P. G.. deceased. By order of
HUGO SCHEUXERT. N. O.
CHRIST ROEBER, Recording Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Unity <5C -\
Lodge No. 61. K. cf P.. and allSf/a
Pythian members in the city are re-"^^»<*
guested to assemble at Pythian "WaiiiJ
Castle, 909 Market St.. SUNDAY, April 21, at
1:20 p.- m., for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother, FREDERICK
DODD. By crder of
J. H. KEEN. Chancellor Commander.
S. W. GATES. K. of R. and S.
MEMBERS cf Golden Gate Company ;g»
No. 3, U. R. K. P.. are hereby or- v **>
«Jered to assemble at Pythian Castle CafVS^
' SUNDAY. April 21. at 1 p. m.. ift full 4£^A«*
uniform, to attend the funeral of the late
COLONEL F. DODD. Visiting Knights Loyal
ere Invited to attend. By order
, CAPTAIN T. L. WEBER.
OFFICERS and neighbors f3
of. Redwood Camp No. _ ,j „ JSL
hereby notified to sssera- £!^~J3&ffig%g*ffi
ble at our meeting hall B^ B^^ r^
!n Pioneer building,
SUNDAY, April 21. at 1 p. m. sharp, for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased neighbor. FREDERICK DODD. By
crder of
I. L. ISAACS. Consul Commander.
F. C. RUSSELL. Clerk.
tTT. ANDREWS Society— Annual v \y»fc
family picnic Tvill lie held at Fair- 3t, (h£>/2
fax Park on SATURDAY, May
4. 190L St^ Andrew's Society of
Oakland will participate.
ALLAN POLLOCK. "President
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Sec.
LABORERS lo hold mass-meeting SATUR-
DAY EVENING. April 20. under the auspices
cf the Laborers' Protective Union No. 8944,
A. F. L. ; a mass-m?ct!ng will be held at
T^utonia Hall. 1S20 Howard St.: prominent
labor ieaders will addreES the meeting.
JOHN HOLLY, the Quaker evangelist, and
Mr. Jeffries, vocalist, from Los Angeles, will
hold meetings st Sunshine Hall. 928 Harri-
son Rt.. near Fifth. commencing Sunday
evening, April 21, 7:45. All «re welcome. *
AMERICAN Shipmasters' Protective Associa-
tion—Special meeting at 2:30 p. m. TO-DAY
(Saturday) st association rootns.
CAPT. H. TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
WANTED — A local ag°nt in each township to
sell our up-to-date publications; good re-
muneration for finst-class people. Address
BTSPHEKSON. box 114. Sacramento, Cal.
MUSICAL agents to sell our tyrolean harps.
Call at 1'.23 Market, between 11 g.nd 12.
Anopriojr.
GOOD home open for hfalthy boy and trlrl
babies. MRS. DR. FUN'KE. 141fi Sth. Alameda.
ASPHALTCM ROOPI.VG.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ralred: postal. 11S6 Mission: '.«:. Folrnm 1607.
ATTORSEVS AT L.AW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOTVE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE froe: no charges unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket 6t: consultation free; nn fees in advance.
1IOARDI.VG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Child or baby to care for"; reason-
able. Box S707. Call office.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board : yard : b^st of care. 1607 California st.
UUSIXESS CHANCES.
I WISH to sell my business: first-class paying
barroom close to Chronicle building: stock
and figtures will invoice about $2500; price
J2750: my agent. R. G. WILKE, 26\i Kearny
fst., will give you particulars as I must leave
at once for Seattle. CHAS. F. T.
A — t?bO — BARBER shop; Market and Mason
ets.; good business. R. G. WILKE. 26Vj
Kearry st.
A— J13J0; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny St.; rent $75; clearing J1S0 per month;
•laily receipts about JGO. Call R. G. WILKE.
"CV4 Kearny st
A— 52OCO; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining 1
hall, etc.: rent {75; place established many
years; doing a st«ady, good-paying business;
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. U. G. "WILKE, 2SH Kearny st.
A-J350; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak- :
ery with living rooms; corner; Western Ad-
dition: rent flO; good business; clean store.
Call R. O. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st. ¦
A— $650; PARTNER wanted in commission
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2SH K«arny.
A— $4000; BALOON on Market st.: place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $133; sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Cali R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2000; PARTNER wanted In old established
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc.:
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
6li description; established many yearx and
doing a money-making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st
A— $1300; DELICACY and provision store- 1
block from Market st.; daily receipts from
JS5 to $40; a first-class, paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st
DELICATESSEN and grocery, doing $20 per
day; large stock; fine fixtures; 3 living rooms
furnished; must sell at once: sickness the
cause; cost $S00; $325 will take everything;
business cor. ; snap. FISHER &. CO., 335 Mkt.
FPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tlonally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
Rtoree; also restaurants, barber chops and
falocns. FISHER & CO., 935 Market st.
A A A— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bare.
2f*0 candy and ice cream stores. 500 restaurants.
PfO etcres of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us. -
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st
FOR private sale; some of the best saloons in
the city. 'WALTER HAYES & CO.. £3S Mrkt
JT'.n — CORNER saloon for sale; under present
ownership 13 years; good location; retiring
from business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777%
Market st. ,
jTTiO— CORNER saloon; business location; full
value for price asked; retiring from business
cause cf sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H
Market st.
J30C— CANDY, stationery arid cigars; fine loca-
tion: rent only $17: receipts Jlfl day. LUN-
DIN & CO.. 906 Market st.
¦ — .^
10 NEW restaurant bargains! "We have the
best bargains In the city. Call LUNDIN &
CO.. 906 Market «t.
RESTAURANT: clears $150 a month; down-
town; $900: good location. JOSEPH BAILIE
7^9 Market st.
GROCERY and bar on Howard st; rent $50:
4 living rooms and stable: large basement'
£2500. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.
VJ>— GROCERY end bar; 4 rooms: rent $14; re-
ceipts $15 a day. Kredo & Co., 32, Flood bldg.
A— $350; CROCKERY, glassware and stoves,
with fixtures worth $1000; rent $25: fine open-
l".g for a bazaar. Kredo & Co.. 32 Flood bldg.
$riO— PARTNER wanted in an old established
cash business: owner well known practical
business man; profits average SSO a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. 632 Market st
YOU can buy shares in SMITH'S Cash Store
(incorporated), paying 10 per cent on outlay
and guaranteed ; no assessments. Send for
prospectus and particulars to B. J. S., 27
Market st
J2S0 — TAILOR business: no V»etter location In
the city; is positively worth over- four times
amount asked; tout it must go immediately:
rent is very low. Inquire on premises, 605
Kutter st. ••-'.-¦
A GOOD home cooked dinner. 11 to 3. at 27
Market Et. Cth floor. SARAH A. STREET,
manager Home Dining Room.
hThe oldest ' known • artesian- well . Vas
sunk at Liller3. France, in the twelfth
century. ; ' . . . . . .
FRIDAY, April 19—4 p. m ,
*BId.Ask. , Hi: ' Bld.Ask.
Alpha •• W 0o Justice ....'..... "07 08
Alta-...." -.06 07 Kentuck ....... 01 02
Andes ...-06 Ot Lady Wash..... 01 '02
Belcher" " " Mexican i- 35 37
Best & Belcher .22 23 Occidental ....'.. 03 04
Bullion ......... 03 05 Ophir .......... 97 S8
Caledonia ...... 69 70 Overman ........ 20 21
Challenge Con.. ' 14 16|Potosi 08 w
Chollar ..:...... 08 03 (Savage 09 10
Confidence 6S <o| Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V&..2 40 2 4o Seg Belcher.... 04 o«
Con Imperial... - 01 Sierra, Nevada.. 29 30
Con New York. - 01 Silver Hill 3s 40
Crown Point..".. 17 , 18 St Louis C6 - —
Eureka. Con.... 06 — [Standard .4 00 —
Exchequer OUSyndlcate 05 —
Gould &Curry. 20 - 21! Union Con...... 15 16
Hale & Norcrs.; 22 £j'Utah ....„ 04 06
Julia.. .......... — «: Yellow Jacket.. 14' 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
400 Alta '..07 200 Mexican 38
200 Andes ...05 200 Mexican 37
500 Best & Belcher 21 400 Ophir 97
400 Best & Belcher 22 300 Ophir " 9g
60 Caledonia • .67 200 Ophir 95
200Chollar W 300 Ophir ' 93
100 Con Cal & V.2 32% S00 Ophir 92
200 Con Cal & V...2 30 300 Yellow Jacket. 16
1550 Con Cal & V...2 25 500 Yellow Jacket.. 15
300 Crown Point.... 20 700 Yellow Jacket.. 14
2C0 Crown Point.... 19
4 Afternoon Session. [
800 Alta ............ 07 200 Con Cal & V...3 40
200 Alta ': - 06 700 Mexican 35
300 Best & Belcher . 20 150 Mexican 37
200 Best & Belcher 21 600 Ophir 92
300 Best & Belcher 22 200 Ophir 93
200Chollar 09 200 Ophir 97
300 Con Cal & V...2 2a 200 Sierra Nevada.. 28
S00 Con Cal& V.2 S2H 200 Sierra Nevada.. 30
200 Con Cal & V... 2 35
Morning Session,
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
200 Con Cal & Va-.2 26| 100 Ophir 95
1100 Mexican 35 100 Yellow Jacket.. 14
100 Ophir 94'
Afternoon Session.
Morning . Session. . - \
100 Andes 06 1000 Justice '. 07
lOOBelcher- 19 500 Ophir 9g
1000 Belcher 18 100 Obhir 97
100 Best & Belcher 23 300 Sferra Nevada.. 2»
200 Best & Belcher 22| 200 Sierra Nevada.. 28
300 Con Cal & Va..2 3al . i ._. . -
.' Following were the sales . in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: '
MINING STOCKS,
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued 2?rom Page Ten.
the Rates of Roads Ending in
San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO, April 19.— Agent E. S.
Blair of the Great Northern met the prin
cipal citrus fruit shippers here to-day.
Mr. Blair assured the shippers that hi3
company would continue to handle their
business and would absorb all excess lo
cal rates made by the Santa Fe or South
ern Pacific from Southern California
points.
Notifies Growers Tliat It Will Meet
GREAT NORTHERN BIDS
FOB OEAITGE SHIPMENTS
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
N A Pierce. Salinas"
A G Stein. N Y
R A- Eddy & w.-Mont
J McKinnon, Chicago
C H Markham, , Ore
G W Luce.Los Angreles
O E Never, Pas Robles
C W Barnes, Illinois ¦
M L Keith & w, Mass
T Bingdenstein, Co
logne ¦ •
D E Burley, Utah
Mies Leonard, S Barb
Mrs T J O # Brien, Mich
Miss O'Brien. Mich
C B Shaver, Fresno
j E Elliott & w, Fresno
L Dalton, Fresno
W A Saunders, Fresno
C C Mueller. Fresno
Mrs A E Stiles/ Fresno
; C A Fulle. N Y City
F W Slsson, Flagstaff
A A Mead. Boston
H Llndley, Klamathon
• 8 B Green/ Chicago
W J Morphy, Chicago
W G Kerkhoff. Los A
J 'F Sartorl, Los Ang
.Mrs D S Hess, Chicago
S G Hess, Chicago
J P Cudahy & w. Ill
Miss Blunt. Chicago
A Alderdlce, Ireland
Mrs G Sheldon. Seattle
Mrs H Hahn. Portland
.A' G Stein, N Y
R J McCauley, Chigago
J H Wlnslow. Phlla
C F Kohl, Phila
S B Thompson, Chicag
H A Stillwell, Chicago
Mrs N Morris, Chicago
Miss Peterson, Chicago
Mrs-L D Siegel. Chicag
Master L Peterson,
Chicago
D Dallman. Kan City
A Moorehouse. Colo
C E Heinz, Milwaukee
P E Pearce, Pitsburg
W G Henshaw, Oakld
Mrs T Pascal, Los An
A Brent, Chicago
E S Barney, Amador
J Bindley, Plttsburg
D R Powell & -w. Mo
O Wetzell, St Louis
Miss B Pryor. Texas
Mrs N E Deveraux,
New York
Miss M Deveraux, N Y
W W Heintz.Salt Lak.
A P Merrill, Chicago
S G Hatch, Chicago
D Daws & w. N Y
R M Hoe A w. N Y
C Fee. SDokane
C C Leonard, Chicago
F B McKenna, U S V
J W Mentwin. Sharon
Mrs E N Morrison, Md
Miss R C Morrison, Md
Miss E A Morrison. Md
J S Childs & w. Red
ding
Mr and Mrs Burnett,
London .
G H Thomsson, N Y
Mrs P E Pierce. Pits
Miss K V Young. Pitts
T Murdock, Chicago
Miss Murdock, Chicago
E V Avery. Stan Univ
W E Clark, N J
S M Knapp, NY ¦
T R Minturn, Minturn
G Cole, Los Angeles
G Parson, San Mateo
H Josselyn & w, N Y
Miss M Josselyn. N Y
Miss G Josselyn, N Y
J E McDonald. U S N
A J Lapsley, Stan Uni
Mrs T E Bartlett,
Boston
Miss I J Richardson,
Boston
Miss M E Chamberlain,
Chicago
W F Peckstone, Cape :
Town, S A
GRAND HOTEL.
Dr N Foster & w, N T
J H Le-wis, Bolinas
M Kurka, Tahiti
N T Thanda, Tahiti
J R Kreeger, N Mex
H B Vandear & w.Mlch
J Utterback, Iowa --'
W S Moody, N Y
B A Sanborn, L* Ang
A Hirsh, Chicago
G Abbott. Mass
W R Allen & w, Minn
W D Tillottson. Reddg
C A Grabill, Keswick
H E Carter, Los Ang
H L- Lyon & w, S D
H Trlggy. Alameda
W C Alden, Boston
A C Lowell, Ft Bidwll
G T Hannlng & w,NY
C E Miner & w, Vt
Mrs W Johnson, Vt
G C Simmons, Sacto.
Mrs S T Pearson, Utah
G Morton & w, St Luis
M E McGrath, Denver
W H Lorehz, Stockton
A J Glse, Manila
F F Martin, Ft Bragg
J F Condon, Verdi
Mies F Pickles, Cal
F M Martin, Sebastopl
Miss C B Martin, Mich
G Stlnsley, Valiejo
W W Black, . Hollister
W A "Winton, Duluth
S Sturjr & w, Pa
H W Lynch & w, Cal
W P Davis* Los Ang
C J Tyson & w. Pa
Mrs E M' Koser, Pa
R C Cllne, Los Ang
J T Cooper, Stanford
E H Knepper, Stanfrd
A H Schwabel, Cal
C A Washburn, Ls An
W W Douglas, Sacto
G W Hamilton, Aubrn
R M Hopkins, Seattle
G P Ayres, Redwood
H L. Oak, Cal
C W Paine & w, Sacto
Mrs G H Clark, Sacto
J Jagrattly, USA
T Lyons. USA
W H Richardson, Wash
D G Francis. Ferndale
J Armstrong, Boston
A M Smith, Orovllle
L Jacobson, Chicago
V W Brown, Colusa
T-L Reed & w, Reedly
H M Reed, Reedley
J E DItter & w. Wash
J S Jones, Colusa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B E Hinz. Milwke
C Taylor, Victoria •
Marie Gleason, N Y
Marg'rite - Gleason, NT
G Anderson, N Orlean
J Cook, Mo
T N Smith, Ga
L C Reynolds, • Miss
J Clark, NY
J Davis & w, S Jose
F C Grant, S Jose
E Daley, Manitoba
C Daley, Manitoba
F Faria, Lrfvermore
J George, Llvermore
Miss Bettencourt, K C
L Repper. Red Bluff
C Hlllord, Red Bluff
J Lawlor. Sonoma
A Frederick, Sonoma
T F Kerman, N T
The stepping forward of the mast has
avoided the chief fault found with the
last challenger, the immense size of the
fore trianele. In this measurement the
new challenger comes out less than either
of the boats, her exact measurement be
ing seventy-one feet from mast to bow
sprit end. Generally the yacht Is fairly
lined and finely turned and looks quite fit
to sail for cup honors. - . -
These are the most striking character
istics. The under- water body is simply
an adaptation of the same idea to suit
the different conditions. The turn of the
bilge favors the Columbia rather than
Shamrock I and the fin is shorter and
shallower than that of the last challenger.
Over all the new boat is longer than
either the Challenger or Defender of
1899, being 133 feet. Her water line length
is right up to within a few inches of the
allowable limit of .ninety feet. In beam
she 'is practically the same as the last
cup racers, but her draught has been cut
down with a free hand and is something
less than nineteen feet. Her sail area is
more by 200 square feet than the Colum
bia's and close up to the amount of cloth
shown, in the first Shamrock. -
Fairly Lined; Finely Turned.
The bow/ instead of being flattened on
the side, is carried round in a perfect
spoon. The mast is stepped forward of
the usual place and the beam is car
ried well into the overhang. The free
board is cut down to about two-thirds of
that the Shamrock I showed above the
water.
The test tank experiments, of which so
much has been written, certainly gave
some very valuable results, but these re
sults tended mostly in the direction of
confirming the yacht designers on the
general line upon 'which they had been
progressing. The alterations suggested
by the towing . experiments were in shape
and not In type, and this has led even
some members of the crew w,ho saw the
yacht yesterday to commit themselves to
the opinion that there is nothing new in
the shape of the Shamrock II. This, how
ever, is barely half the truth, for although
the hull presents no abnormal character
istics it embodies a number of new feat
ures which have an important bearing on
the result of the coming race and on the
development of yacht designing.
Early in the work of designing the
Shamrock II Watson decided to risk noth
ing in the production of a freak boat, and
to the unskilled eye the Shamrock II looks
exactly like the latest of the big racing
cutters.. . . . '¦ : .
Shamrock Is No Freak.
It is ascertained that the Shamrock I
has , been Improved to a greater extent
than Watson might have wished. So
much mystery has been made of the build-
Ing of the cup challenger that there is
an expectation of something phenomenal
and ' absolutely unique in the way of
yachting architecture to be disclosed when
she is knocked .away to-morrow. This
expectation Is doomed to disappointment.
The notable people who will attend the
launching ceremonies will arrive here to
morrow. Among these who are expected
to be present is Mr. Fife. Sir Thomas
Lipton hopes that tho yacht will sail for
the Solent Thursday.
"I can only tell you what John Hender
son, who .'built the Meteor, Thistle and
Valkyrie, remarked, to-day after close in
spection: 'She is the finest yacht ever
built on this side of the Atlantic* I can
8ee nothing in the way of resistance. She
Is a marvel. This opinion is shared by
other experts who have seen the Sham
rock II."
GLASGOW, April 13.-AI1 is' now ready
for the launching of the Shamrock II, al
though this evening men were working at
the yards of the Dennys . under "Watson's
vigorous eye giving the final touches to
the craft. Sir Thomas Lipton, when asked
what he thought of his new boat, replied:
New Yacht, According to Ex
perts, Is a Remark
able Boat.
Workmen Complete La
bors oh Lipton's
Great Racer.
TRIM SHAMROCK
IS NOW READY
• • •• ¦¦¦';•¦ -¦-.¦¦
THE SA1Z FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1901.
13
Santa Fe \ V
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry 'Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Daily. Dally. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
At. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
** Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
¦ " Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
." Bksfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City ........ 2:41 a 7:30 a
'.' Chicago ".'.; 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning', p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited
Carrying- Palace Sleeping Cars and>Dlnlni
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Carsruns
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No ' second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding- train arrives at 5:35 p. m." daily
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
' 8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and -Tourist Sleepers • and
free Reclining Chair Car. also . Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. • Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55- p. -m. daily
7:20 a. m. 13 Bakersfleld L&al, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrlres at 8:40 a. m. dairy
Offices— 641 Market street and In. Terry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway
Oakland. ' , *
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sausilito Ferry— Foot of Market St. -
4:0Oi\ u.) Stay over nlghtat thexAVEmr (.10:35 a.*.
-8:0Oa.v.) , f 1:00p.m.
W:00a.m.( SUNDAYS . 3*0 P.M.
11:30 A. Jf. f • : ounj ' ala 4:25 P.M.
1:15P.M.J . " l I 5:55P.M.
¦ "- Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1.40."
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Sausalito Ferry.
><^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L-^— lj§ 6-9 KEABST »T. Established
gawju^vAi,, is54 for the treatment of I'rivnte
jSjJJ^jft?? pi*pa*es. I.ixt Jlanbood. Dehility or
Ud«M^n (i ist-asp wearingon body anil niiml ami
2*«aff%rt£« Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others * aiI - TrT him - ('barges low.
f7Q£EfiWBB* ; ni > «*« luarantrril. Call or writa
Dr. J. F. 41IBBOX. »aii -Francisco. CaL
WeeHy Ci $1.00 irlwr
CALIFORm H0RTH1ESTM RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH' PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael*
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:33. 8:30.
6:10,' 6:30 p.m. Thursdays — Extra trip at 11:30
P. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:20. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ,
San Rafael to San Frandae*.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at Ida
and 6:35 r- m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m-I 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sclraetzen Park,
same schedule an above.
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 15. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j I Son- I Week
Days. ( days. ( Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:U0pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:28 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburg.
.'. Lytton.
Geyservtlle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
7:20 am! j Hopland ( 110:23 am
3:30 pm[ 8:00 am) and Ukiah. | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
7:30 am! I 10:23 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| \, ¦ _ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
and I
5:10 pm 5:30 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30- am I 8:00 am | 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm: Sebastopol. j 7:35 pra S:22 pm
Stages connect at- Santa Rosa for Marie
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for
Skasss Springs: at fioverdale for the Gey-
sers; lit Hopland for Juncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad Sprins».
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Porao, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights. HullvJlle, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocirio
City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal. Willetts.
Laytonvllle, Cummings, Bell's Springs, Harris,
Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofOce, GO Market st.. Chronicle bulld-
inc. . R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. As*.
General Manager. ' : ' •*,
Via Sausalito Ferry. •
Commencing September JO, 1300.
FROM SAN I]^^^. VALLET
WEEK DATS— 6:55, »9:15, 11:00 a. m., i : k
vi * 4-00 5:15. *6:15. 6:40 p. m. • -
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
dav<? at 9"00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-»S:00, '10:00, '11:30 a. m., '1:15,
316 "4-45, 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San QuentinJ
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:a>. *6:30. 7:45. 9:30 a. m.,
•12-30 1:45, »3:30. 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SCNDATS-«:20. *8:00. nOiOO. »U:iS a. m..
•l'4O *2:15 4:45, *6:30 p.m.-
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
TOOM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:43. . 7:55. »:30 a. m..
12-35 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS on -Mondays, Wednesdays
and' Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p.- m.
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13; 3:30.
5:00 ' 6:45P - TOROUGH TRAINS. -
¦6:53 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. •- : _ , ¦
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations.
8 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way sta-
tions. ¦ . - - , . - . _
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
I ROOMS FOP. HOUSEKEEPING Con.
HOWARC fcc — Housekeeping rooms and sin-
gle; very reasonable.
j LANGTOX, 256*/6 — 3 sunny, nicely furnished
j * rooms for housekeeping; private family. •
I OAK;— 119 — Punny basement room, furnished for
housekeeping; stove; yard; $4.
OAK, 125— Two nicely furnished rooms for
j housekeeping:; gas; bath; J16.
¦ TURK. 613 — J sunny furnished .; housekeeping
¦ rooms: gas range: running water in kitchen;
I $12 per month.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' . received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
1 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
ROOMS TO LET Furn. "and (Infnrn.
i AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
' ance; large xooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148' Sixth— Rooms,
25c to SI per night; $1 25 to %» per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
| BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rrn?., suites, single; also unfurnished.
; CLARA, 34 — Large sunny front roomy furnished ;
also small room; private family.
DEVISADERO. 1311% — 3 or 4 sunny handsomely
furnished rooms for housekeeping: reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. 72S— Sunny rooms for 2, JS; single,
$5; gas and bath. .
JESSIE, 363, near Fifth and Market-Furnished
rooms, $4 and {5. ' V
MIMNA, 267. bet. 3d and 4th— Furnished rooms
to let, $3 per month and upward.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely .
furnished rooms. %2 a week up; 33c a day up.
O'FARRELL.. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nieht. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month. $S to J30f elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis st.-Rooms,
nipht, 23c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE Oxford, 271 O'Farrell— Suites- and single
rooms from $3 up.
THIRD. 345>4 — Sunny furnished rooms, en suite
or single; $1 a week up; also housekeeping
rooms. '
VAN NESS, 930
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
WEBSTER. 519— 3 nice sunny rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, to let.
A BRANCH office for, Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call frranch office, 2200 Fillmore at
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT summer rates: attractive • rooms; special
table; wine dinners.. 807 California st.
CALIFORNIA. 222S— Sunny . rooms, with board;
private family.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A PHYSICIAN making a specialty of dia-
betes desires a few more patients. Address
box 3S05, Call office. . ¦
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19; tel. 55S0.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL, 937 Market St.— La-
uies d'jrlner confinement w. 10 dnvs' care. J20.
bXCWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles PlaYnbeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, soil, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODoTp^r^tora^e^nfT^Iovlng~CoTI
. office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
BEKINS Van and Storage <Io., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. ;
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore *t. ; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
sion st.: tel.- Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TO LEASE.
dovely^home! ~-~"~~~ ~~*~v
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of b<=st land, good -locality in
Santa. Cruz County; only half a mile from
depot; consisting of about 25 acres of best
•srine grapes and balance best fruit; apples,
cherries, plums, etc.; lovely cottage, fur-
nished, also . horses, carriage, phaeton, etc. :
also fine winery and cooperage for 30,000 gal-
lons. Box 3S41. Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWr1[TERS^W>
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 90 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Co., will be payable at the of-
fice of the company. 327 Market st., San
Francisco, ; on and after Saturday, April 20,
1901. Transfer books close Saturday, April
13. 1901. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage 'licenses were issued
yesterday: . .
John D. Meyer, 32, 1015 McAllister street,
and Agnes O'Farrell, 32. 1515 MiFsion street
William Holzhausen, 33, 308 Sutter street, and
Sophia Mesnickow, is; Oakland.
John J. Sweeney, 23, 415 Harriet street, and
Josephine Hughes. 18, 420 Sixth street.
William J. Driscoll, 28. 414 Clementina street,
and Josephine C. Murphy; 24. 1308 Folsom st
William F. Whitlock. 25, 610, Third street,
and Martha Kunde. 23. Kansas City, Mo.
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES— DEATHS.
Bfrth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
THOMPSON— FORD— In Gilroy. April 17. 1901.
by the Rev. Father Hudson, John H. Thomp-
son of Watsonville and Kathryn S. Ford of
San Francisco. .
DIED.
Allen, Francia P. * Judge, Frank TV.
Carroll, Alice " Laughlin, Jamea J.
Childs. Marcus W. Lilly, Charles L.
Dietrich. Louise Lynch. Michael
Dodd. Fredrick McCarthy. John
Dolan, Mary . McCormick, Sister
. Dowlinr, Frances ¦ Mary Raphael
Edelmann. Carl J. Merk, Albert A. .'
' Falls. Stephen D. Mersing, John B.
Ferber, Charles Moeller. Henry W.
Ferris, James J. Moynihan, Annie '
Flynn, James . Oliver.' William A.
Frost. Andrew Reeding, Maggie
Fullum, Kate Richards. William
Galvin. Jeremiah . Robinson, Henry C.
Habermacher,' Ferdi- TJrry, Susan
nand . Walin. Gustaf
Hallasey, John . Walter. David P.
Hare, Stanislaus D. Willers, Bernard
Hillmann. John
ALLEN— In this city. April 18, 1901, Francis
Patrick, beloved son of John J" and Maggie
J. Allen, and brother of Richard C. and
Allen, -a native of San Francisco,
aged * years 1 month and 2 days. . . ¦
(^Friends "ajid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 216 Twelfth afreet.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARROLL— In thi» city. April 17. 1901. Alice
Carroll, beloved wife of George C. Carroll,
a native of Portland, aged 48 years 10 months
and 17 days.,
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
¦' (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
JAMBS mcGINN, I
Formerly with.McGinnn Bros., has opened I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet. I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676. 1
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, |
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.' I
IUKERAL DIRECT0E3 fNi) EMBALMB3J..- I j
Finest Equipment at'Moderate Rates^ I j
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tralna leni* nnil are du« to arrive at
MAN rUAMl'Ht'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
uatk — Faon Arm. 14. 1801. — ajoht»
7:30a Benicia, Suianu, Elaaira, YacMllto,
Rum3py »nd Sacramento 7)33 1
?i30AD»Tia, Woodland. Knljhts Laadins.
Majjsiille. OrotUle. 7:3.1p
7i3O» Atlantic Express— Ogden and Eaat 18iS3r
8 :Oo a Msrtiuez. Sau ltaiuou, Valiejo. Nap*.
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa 8:23*
8:00a Lfrermore, Stockton, Eaoford, Vi«a-
M». Portenille 4s33»
¦ 8:00a Silea, .Lathrop, Merced. Vnaao. Ba-
kersfield 4iS9»
8:30a Shasta Eipresa— DaTis, Williama (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7:33f
• >3Oa Sau Joae. Liiermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacxamsnto, PlixrrfUlo,
Marjstllle. Chico, Keel Kind Itl.ir
SiSOa Oakd&le, Chinese (Toaemlte), So-
nora. Carters 4:23p
BiOOa Haywardi, Nilei and Way SUtfcuu. 1 1 >33 a
OiOOaLos Angelas Express — JJUrtluez.
Tracy. Ltitl.rop. .Stockton. Morced
Fresuo »ud Los Angeles .......... 7:3.5a
9t30A Valleio. Martinez auU Way SUtlona BlUr
I OiOOa. The Orerlaud Limited— Ogden, Dea-
fer, Omaha, Chicago 6t8Sr
fliOOp Sacramento Klier Steamers tS>4M»A
a»SOr Haywardn. Nile* and Way Rtatlma. 7iO3r
X:3Or Fort Costa. Martinez Lathrop, Mer-
ced ; Beienda (Yoaemite), i resao™ 7:23f
4i00r Benicia, Winters. Hacramento,
Woodland, KnigliU Laudlug,
Marjaiille. Orofllle 10:33a
4iOOr Maxtluez. Han Ramon. Vail»]o.
' Napa. i:»lintf>Ka. Hiuita lion »<S3a
4:0«p Nilea, LiTermoro, Stockton, Lodi... 1O>33a
4>3orH»y*rarda.Miea Han Joae, LiTermoro f8>A&A
3:O0r The Owl Limited-Tracy, Stockton,
Fresno, BakeraBeld. Mau jus for
Santa Barbara. Lew Angeles S.-S.iv
«:o«p Haywarda, Nilea and Sau Joae "iS.'d
t«:««r Valiejo 11:33a
<i:OUf Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cbeyeuue.
Omaha, Chicago 12:3.?r
8:00p Orieutal Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. Chicago. 4sS3p
7iOOr Oregon and California Cxpren.Hae-
raiiieiitii. Maryaville, KtxMltiK.
rtirtluiiil, 1'iiget Huin.il ami Ka.it 8:33a
•tO-VSan Pablo, Port Costs, Martinez
ami Wa» SUtioua -. 11:35*
t»:O5r Valiwlo 7lSAr
COAST LINE (Narrow Uamge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
fit »!>a Santa Cruz Excursion to rf&nu Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J8 : 03 1
StISA Newark. Ce»u>rtilIe..Sau .lose, I'Vltmi.
BonUler Creek, Sau t a Crux and Way
Stations : 5:3»»
fSilSr Newark. Center»ille, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Bel ton. Itimltler Creek,
Sauta Crux and Principal Way
Stations t»<>i.i<>A
4il3r Newark, Sao Jos*. Los Gatos..... { jj^JJ*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FttXNClSCO— root af Haricot Slrotl (S!i ? 8> —
t7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:09 3:S3 6:19'.*.
FromOlIUHD— f««l af Broad »«r.— 1«:00 t«;CO f3:0S
10:00a.m. 12:00 2:03 «:33r.«.
COAST LiIN'E (Broad Mange).
(Third and Townaetwl Sta.)
6:I«a South Han Francisco, Palo Alto.... u-.:ti»r
17:00a Hail Jose ami W»J Stations l>xnp
/7:«i»a New Almadeu / 1:30*
- J7: 15a Sunday Excursion for San Jcse.
Santa Cms. Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Stations tS:3O*
8:00a Coast Line Limited, San Jose, Gilroy,
Salinas, Psso Kobles, San Lois v
. «, ' Obiipo, Lompoc Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 10:13*
»iO»A Nail Jnae. Tres lMnoa. Hunta (Yin.
Pacific <>rof«, balinas San Lais
Oblapo and Principal intermediate
Stations 4tlOT
10:30a San Jcse and Way Stations. 7>3o»r
I Ii3Oa Man Jnae anil Way Htatimis 3i»Op
fS;43p Sao Mateo, Uedworxl, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, Sau Joae.
Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacific Grove 1I»:-I3a
t3i.1t>*. San Joae and Way Statiuna «:H<»a
t<*2l3p San Joaeaml Principal Way Stations »:¦«*.
(rf:43p Sunset limited— El Paso, Keir Or-
leans and East « IO:18a
t3:OOrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations f»r«3A
3>SOp Sau Joae and Principal Way Stations 8:3«A
<l::tOp San Joae and Way Stations f8:00A
7:00p New Orleans Express, San Jose,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles. Dun-
ins. El Paso, New Orleans and Estt 7:00 a
7:0Of Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Grove,
Lompoo. 10:4 5 p
qll;45rSan Joae and Way Stations 7:30t
A for Morning P for Afternoon. -
f Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only.
ff Wednesdays. / Tuesdsys and Trldafsv
c Bandars. « Saturday oaly.
MOVEV TO LOAX Continued.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to rbtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Marke-*
at.: tel. Main J644. Branch 19 Third gt.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no comm-sFicn; confiden-
tial. Hocm 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
Ore furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowtt interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market ft., room 65.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jeweiry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
CASH loaned on Ealari-s, New York plan. THE
TOl'FLEY CO.. 221 Pairctt building.
LOANS. 1st or "d mtgs; city, countrv. 6%. undi-
vided ints.; estates. HARPER. IS7 Parrott bis.
SIONTT loaned salaried people without security.
HILL., rra. 4i, Merchants' Ex., 421 California.
I-OANS or. salaries without indnrser or secur-
ity: Eastern plan. Pearson. SOS Phelan bid?.
4100.000 TO loan on re^l estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. WORRELL. C08 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
<ior*er. S. F. D<fcoutu Agency. 143 Phelan bl*.
MUSICAL. IXSTRC3IEXTS.
A^ BTRON MAUZY'S, SC8 Post st
Chlckerir* $4«
HalJett & Davis 50
Ounham 7S
Symphony 109
Gilbert & Co 12."
Steinway 110
lucca 158
GEb'.er 275
Steck Baby Grand dike new) 450
Sohmer Baby Grand (like new) 750
These pianns are ail in excellent condition
and thoroughly warranted, and can be ex-
chanpred In fhrce years for a new SOHMER
or BTRON MACZT Piano.
Pianos rented — Squares, $1 M>; uprights, $3
up, and rent allowed on purchase.
ANT person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege ,
given to exchar.ee medium and low priced
planes for a new Ptelnway any time within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprlphts sold for *6 cash and $6 per
month. We offer to ceil some pood pianos at
J3. »4 and $S per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
A- CO., Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Futter f=ts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth Ft.. Oakland.
ABSOLl'TELT lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright. ..S6r> : Schiller upright... $265
1 Knierscn upright. jr.7 ! Gabler $133
1 Vow $*.'. 2 rhick<F>rlns:f=. Ik nwf200
1 Heine. b.g.mhjf.$32i 1 Fischer, like new.$lL0
2 Hcines $315 up 1 Steinway upright.HSj
1 Hallet Davis $46j' * Hardman $S5 ¦
And fifty others; rented and rent allowed:
rests $3 up: we handle all makes: agents for •
•ome of the oldest an<j most famous pianos
in existence: agents n anted. HEINE PI-^NO
CO.. 217 Geary st.
AP-SOLUTKLY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicapo is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2S.
W and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
sll other musical Instruments of all jrrades
• n3 prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
IT is u?elPSB for you to look elsewhere for bar-
pains, as ire have lots of them: you can buy-
for cash or payments and have many styles
to eelect from. MAUVAIS Mi;SIC CO.. 769
Market st.
f PIANO snaps— $60. $75. $S0. $125. $133; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
rain. BENJ. CCRTAZ &. SON. 16 O'Farrell I
*t.. Chlckering agency. - ;
i«~UPRlGHT. i::3~Krabe. $135 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S i.iano factory. 1729 Mission. ]
ELJBOAHT S-redal upripht piano: used C mos.;
muft be racraficed in 5 days. C18 Eddy St.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 17C6 Market St.. you
can pft storace pianos almost for a «ong.
J3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. £60 Hayes st.
51&— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on Bale.
277 Geary et.. room 28.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Pteinway.
Knabe and others. BRL'ENN. 208 Pest St.
iJIGGHST bargain In Fishrt- upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Kteck. Hartman. Con-
cver and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must tw sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next HlbernlaBank
A NEARLY new grand uprleht cheap: brilliant.
powerful tonre. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEKFE'S. J2J Market Ft.. 4 elegant up-
right* at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SfPERIOR violins. ri«hers. old and new. H.
T.rT'LLER. maker. r<*palr*»r. 2 Latham place.
OFPICK1 AXD STORES TO LI3T.
LARKIN. 3001. cor. Post— Modern. sunnyr"will
wltor to nuit: $40.
_^ OIL.
I CENTS per share; the greatest mon?y-mak- j
ing opportunity ever offered; Hold over 100.003
rhares last week to the best people in town;
M'rsd for prospectus to the fiscal agents her*.
PACIFIC STATES MINING AXD INVEST-
MENT CO.. E26 Pest et. Open evenings.
Agents wanted.
TO get rich quick and easy buy undeveloped
oil lands In the heart of Coalinga district:
only $1 25 per acre to-day: perhaps $10,000
within a year. American Exploration Co
1413 Call building.
THE \V. n. THOMAS CO.-OI1 Lands In the
bert districts; investigate: Fearless Oil and
water Co.: a good investment: water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
~~ JOSEPH B. TOPL1TZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL tanks, second-haid. in pood order; all
ri7"f. cin^sn. H K. VVHITK. F.ifi Ml*=«lnn St.
OIL. LAND!*.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in 6tockn of the leading oil
companies, call on us before . going else-
where. SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner
building.
WILL lease 20 to Snn acres proven oil land near «
Pan Francisco; has railroad and steamer
landing; hiph grade oil. Address Expert
hex 3704. Call office.
7t.O00 ACRES oil lani in various counties for
1"»" "nd frI* T?nmX£ON. an Oeary ft., r. 6.
PAIXTERS AXD DKCORATOIIS.
BOOMS papered from- 13 up; city cr country !
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ; tel. Red Soil.
WALL Paper, window shades: rooms papered $1
nr. >"f>n <¦ Ruth »n«i p< T th- •venin'r*
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOESELLI. t^ientmrpalrm^tTsiS
Taylor gt.. bet. Oeary and Post: tel. niack 5«1.
PATENTS AXD PE\SIOXS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
rsr.rt. TV OAMPRELL. Lawrer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
" on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary st., and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
1 art* of the world; call or send for circular.
IF you want a good. 6afe 10 per cent, non-
assessable investment buy shares in SSIITHS'
'"ash Store, 27 Market st. Send at once for
particulars and prospectus.
TALK— Underwear for ladles. 5c up; for men,
2.".c up; big children. 25c up; little tots' pants,
6c up. Big bargains always for cash at
_FMITHS'. 27 Market st.
THE Microbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary el., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair And dan-
druff: Miorcbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove supe.fluous hair; call and see
uk. Microbase Medioel Co.. 411 Geary Et.
WANTED — Those having cancer or turner to
write for free book on home treatment of
this disease by absorption; no pain, no ples-
i*r. C^A. MASON'. M. P.. Chatham. X. Y.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' exi^-rience. J. B. RAY. S57 Jessie St.
C1GAKETTE and tobacco habit cured' at
».ome; J5; valuable information for llQUor,
lV- c ,*?r h i ne ; ortum. a" <5rug habits. MBS.
VIILLIAMS. 1S29 Polk st.. San Francisco.'
REWARD— J10O0 paid If your wrinkles, freckles
or tup. hair return after our treatment; sam-
ple free at branch office. N. Y. Institute of '
Dermatology. Glasgow bldg.. 105 E11U st.S.F.
JI WEEKLY— Suit* to order from genuine
Bcotch. $la up; fine dress suits. J20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth. .
C. LANDECKER. 20 Montg'y-Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken. $1 ;guar.
SPRING etyles Standard patterns now ready
••Domegtic" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
OLD geld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKKL, M7 Market st. '¦
Laflles* & gents' cast-orf clothing bought &
gold. J. SUverman. SS4 Folsom Uel.Fojyim 1191. •
ELECTRIC light in every room-Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms; .
C5c to Jl 50 per nls*t; $1 SO to $« per week; i
free bug and baggage to and from the ferry.
AI FREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray I
hair to Its natural coicr; $1 ; at all Orugslsts.
PERSONALS — -Continued.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOTUE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
i ( WHITE enamel iron bed?, single, three-quarter
or double. f2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S10-1S12 Stockton/ St.. near Broadway.
"KIXGSLAXD Art Colors." for leather. wooJ
and photos, at all first-class art stores.
MASQUERADE costtmw. play books, wlps;
country ord<?rs. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
j SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
| electric r.eedle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
I DR LAilOTTE'S French Corn Paint, tie best
i corn euro: 25c: all <5rug-jrlsts.
rilYSICIAAS AXU SLRGUONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL— Office and TesHencel
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all dlfeasw of the human body: see
tcrtlmonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
KKAI. K»TAll- CITY yoR »A»,K.
REAL ESTATE for sale by C. E. CAPP & CO.,
C30 Market Ft.
Forty lots at $100 each, south of the Park.
Jones Ft., between Jackson and Pacific; house
of 7 rooms and bath, side .garden, etc. For
sale at a barcaln. ¦ -
O'Farreli st.. bet. Polk and Van Ness ave.;
improved lot with 4 houses; well rented.
Golden Gate ave.. bet. Baker and Lyon sts.;
| lot 25x127:6. with 2-story house, 7 rooms and
I bath.
j McAllister St.. bet. Baker and Broderick;
1 neat cottage and larga lot; cheap.
Lybn Et.. bet. Bash ai;d Pine; very fine cot-
tape of 7 roome and 'oath.
Six good 2-story houses; well rented; good
neighborhood.
F-olsom St., bet. Third and Fourth; large lot,
100x100; old improvements, rents JiOO per month.
Fine ranch, 160 acres, adjoining Santa Clara.
Mill Valley, 60 acres, cood level land; suitable .
for pleasure grounds or city lots.
GET ycur home when a chance like this is
offered; it is cheaper to own your home than
to pay rent, besides it makes you feel more
independent; if you are under a salary read
tliis carefully. I have peremptory order to
tell the remaining 4 lots in a tract, and in
order to make Immediate sale have reduced
the prices. I will also sell in installment*.
$20 first payment, lots graded, all street work
done, brick, sewers in, easy of access. Sac
ramento-st. oars pass in front, the Geary
•»nd branch of Sutter-et. road within a few
sjeps, 3 line* to choose from. Choice lots
like these are not offered in installments,
and besides they are close to town; first-
class residences are to be erected on the
other lots that are sold. Only $685 each.
These are the cheapest lots In Richmond,
and even to buy to rell again a handsome
profit can be made. They were appraised at
$?C0 each in the Probate Court.
W. J. GUXX. 530 California et
EXECUTRIX AUCTION. " ~"
We have been instructed by the widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
ten-room house and lot. stable and outhouses,
:98 Laidley St.. cor. Fairmont sL; lot 176x150.
Cottage of 4 rooms, 140 Laidley St.; lot lOOx
110.
One lot, 50x121, on Palmer St.. near Fairmont.
One lot. 100x100. on Laidley Et.. near Mateo
street •
Sale Tuesday. April 30, at 10;30 a. m.. on the
property.
The above property must be sold regardless
of cost or value. This is a grand chance to
buy good property at your own price.
Send for descriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUN'RO & CO.. Auctioneers.
Office 240 Stockton St., S. F.: tel. Jamea 154L"
A LOVELY trip for Zc; electric cars to Ocean
View, the prettiest suburb of S. F.; THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa st, will show you 2
choice lots, $125 each; 4 extra fine lots, $150
each; beautiful cottage with 2 lots, $800; a
greenhouse ready for a. florist, cost over $200
for glass; small cottage $150. barn and well
$200, and lot 33x150. valued $500; the whole
business can be bought for $600.
MAKE offer; the owner is sick; wants to leave
the city — I rooms; stable; well of water; lot
114x25; street accepted by city; cement side-
valk; plank side entrance. Call 415 Twenty-
ninth St.; Mission cars pass door.
LOT in Mission— Corner. 25x90; excellent lo-
cality: residence district; suitable for- gro-
cery or other business; no opposition. 791
Stevenson *st.
AT a bargain— That elegantly decorated new
modern 10-room residence, T75 Cole st; open
daily.
FOR tale — Well-constructed, . modern residence.
8 rooms and bath, In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. CCO Mission st
$600—82x130: FRONTING on San Jose ave.;
must be sold. Apply at 415 Fourth st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUXN. 530 California st
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury. builder. 1333 Market.
RKAI. E5TATE— COOTKY For Sale
ICO ACRES of land at $25 per acre, near Spo-
kane. Wash.; 40 acres Improved; free and
clear of incumbrance; would like to exchange
for improved city property in or near San
Franci6co. Cal.; property must be clear of in-
cumbrance; I may assume a small incum-
brance if the property brings a good income.
CORPORAL M. MARKESON, Company F,
Thirty-fifth Infantry, U. S. V., Presidio.
BUT tn Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County VitlculturUt" The W.
A. MACKINDER CO., St. Helena. Cal.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market Et by Call bldg..
sells hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc. Print-
ed l'ts of farms and city ny.'.?*f'.ty for sale.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma. Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE."
ROSS VALLET— Choice villa lots, near station;
San Rafael water system; sewered; plenty
shade trees. P. ROSS. Kent Station.
ROSS VALLET. near stations — Few choice
view Jots; sewered; abundance water, trees.
Apply J. H. GILHULT, 17 Beale st, S. F.
SAX RAFAEL r£.\L ESTATE.
FOR sale or lease— A choice modern 8-room
cottage; nice grounds; near Hotel Rafael;
will sell for J1000 less than cost. P. ROSS,'
Fan Rafael.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
LOT wanted; contractor will build and take
lot as part payment. Box 3853. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
!-STORT, 9 rooms; corner lot; modern and new;
$7500; offered for $5500. with all carpets; one-
third cash.
2-story, 8 rooms, modern In all respects; new
house; corner lot; fine view; including carpets,
$4000.
£3 large lots at a great bargain.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
1150 — ACRE lots; $10 cash, balance $5 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO. .
$430— LOTS In the Wheeler Tract. W. C.
MORAN & CO.. Lorin station and Schmidt
block. Berkeley. Ask for maps.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKXAXD REAL. ESTATE.
AN lN*VESTSlE^T^O^H^M^^NAPrT~^
?2000 each— Two 2-story houses, 8 rooms;
good order; rents 520 and $22 60, worth $25:
each lot 28 and 32 feet; sure business proper-
ty; fronts main street; solid blocks of stores
within one block; must sell; see at once;
land worth more.
LAYMANC3 Real Estate Co.. '
4G0-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FINE Oakland Income property: rents 5840: a
Enap for quick buyers. Box 2218. Call. Oakl'd.
OAKLAND ROOMS AXD BOARD.
TOURISTS, go tq the ArlYn7to'n~HotelT~iarge
Minny rooms; table unexcelled; central; 9th &
Washington. Oakland. M. W. WILLS, Prop.
OAKLAND KUHMTUUE FOU SALE.
tN introduction to you from HTl^^IibaasTthe
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A. FLAT of 4 beautiful la"r^e~"roomsTwl[dT halT
stationary tubs, with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas and telephone;
new house: fine view; healthy location; in a
small, private family: no children wanted-
rent reasonable. 4231 Twentieth, nr. Castro.
EDDY, 743— One large alcove room and three
others: furnished or unfurnished.-
ELLIS, 621. near Larkin— Front room, fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas stove; $10 month.
3EARY. 729, rear— 3 or 5 unfurnished • sunny
housekeeping rooms; yard. '
3OLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
suite. 3 rooms, nicely . furnished ; • ga«. -bath.
3A1GHT.' 222— 2 nicely, appointed housekeeping
rooms for couple; telephone; references.
lust a little better
than any other train
— a liSUe better service—
a more homelike
feeling on the
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
than you find elsewhere, •_
and it runs like this
t
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO
9 an (Won Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Men Tues Wed
- 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
ON THE
SANTA FE
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 153 Tenth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.'
HALLASEY— In the City and County Hospital,
April 19, 1901, John Hallasey, a native of
Missouri, aged 29 years.
HILLMANN— In this city, April 18, 1901, John
Hillmann,* beloved brother of D. Meyer and
John Meyer of San Francisco,' H. Meyer of
New York - and Metta Sorges of Canada, a
native of Leeste, Hanover, Germany, aged
59 vears 11 months and 22 days. A member
of Concordia Lodge No. 122, I. O. O. F.. and
Walhalla Encampment No. 7, I. O. OJ F.
ir?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from . Odd Fellows'
Hall ' corner Seventh and Market streets,
where servioes will be held under the aus-
picea of Concordia Lodge No. 122, I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission
street.
JITDGE— In this city, April 18, 1901, Frank W.
Judge' husband of Julia Judge, and beloved
father of Kate G. and May Judge, a native
cf Mayo, Ireland, aged 60 years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), from his -late residence. 95 Silver
street thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
LAUGHLIN— In the City and County Hospital;
April 19 1901, James J. Laughlin, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 50 years.
LILLY-In this city. April 19. 1901. Charles
Leo Joseph, beloved son of Michael J. and
Elvenetta Lilly, and grandson of Joseph and
Henrietta C. - Weis, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 13 days.
LYNCH— In this city, April 18, 1901, Michael,
beloved son of John and the late Mary
Lynch, and brother of the late Hannah.
Ellen' and Mary Lynch, a native of San
- Francisco, aged 24 years and 11 months.
rry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
April 22 at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 525 Seventh ttreet, thence to St. Rose's
Church where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. _
MCCARTHY— In Hanford. Cal.. April 18. 1901.
John McCarthy, beloved brother of Thomas
and Patrick McCarthy, and cousin of Mrs.
John Coots, Mrs. T. Lynch. Mrs. Nora Mur-
phy and Lizzie, Patrick and James McCar-
thy, a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged
Cy Notice of funeral hereafter.
McCORMICK— In this city, April 19, 1901, Sis-
ter Mary Raphael McCormick,' Sister of
Mercy beloved sister of John and Thomas
McCormick, a native of Pennsylvania.
C7" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), from the Chapel of the Passion,
iuached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of . her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock, i Interment immediately after.
MERK-In this city. April 18 1901. Albert Au-,
gust Merk, beloved son of the late John and
Augusta Merk. and brother of Annl«. John.
Joseph and ..Lillie and Mrs. James
. Rowe, a native of Minnesota aged 25 years
. 8 months and 9 days. (Minnesota papers
please copy.) •.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this <j ay
- (Saturday), at 2 o clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
• street between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MEUSING— in this city. April 17, 1901, John'B
•dearly beloved husband ¦ of Helene Mersing
and father of Mrs. C.F. Brauer, Mrs. L. K
; Hagenkamp.-MrB. G.G. Stanford and George
j Mersin*. a native of Badbergen, Germany;
"aired 78 >«ars 1 month and 3 days. y '
GTFriends and acquaintances are respe.t-"
lBB^m^4^^ ill
MOELLER— In this city, .April 18, 1901. Henry
¦William. Moeller. a native of Oldenburg, Ger-
many, aged , 52 years. A member of L tj
No 136, B. of P. D.and P. of A.
¦ cr Remains at the parlors of H. F. Maass,
817 Mission! street. ;-, .. • . •> • ¦
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 'o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill. Cemetery. '
GALVIN— In this city, April 19, 1901, Jeremiah,
beloved son of John and the late Bridget
Galvin, and brother . of John,- Etta and
Helena Galvin and the late Mrs. Hanna
Ryan, a native of Ballinspiltle. County Cork,
Ireland. ¦ \ - ¦
HABERMACHER— In this city, April 18, 1901.
Ferdinand, beloved husband of Susana Hab-
ermacher. and father of Ferdinand, George
Emil, Mathilda and Albertina Habermacher,
a native of Luzerne, Switzerland, axed 64
years. A member of Mount Hamilton Lodge
No. 43, A. O. U. W., San Jose, and the San
Franpisco Grutli Verein. (San Jose papers
please copy.)
JC? Friends, acquaintances and members of
the Grutli Verein are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 10
o'clock from the funeral parlors of Charles
H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason street, between
O'Farrell and Geary. • Interment I. O. O. V.
Cemetery.
HARE— In this city.' April 18, 1901. Stanislaus
D., dearly beloved husband of Mary Hare,
beloved son of P. M. and Bridget Hare, and
brother' of John P. and Fanny Hare, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 4 months
and 15 days. . - . -
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully in\-ited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), . at 2 o'clock, at the
Danish Baptist Church, corner East Four-
teenth street and Twenty-fifth avenue. East
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. • , . .
FULLUM— In this city, April 18, 1901, Kate,'
beloved wife of John Fullum, daughter of
Cornelius and the late Mary Catherine Mc-
Auliffe,' and sister of Cornelius, Annie and
Willie McAuliffe, a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years.
[?r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the' parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking- Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
' Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
FROST — In Fruitvale. corner Peralta avenue
and Hyde street, April 18, 1901, Andrew, be-
loved husband of Mette S. Frost, a native of
Denmark, aged 74 years and 9 days.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock,, from ¦ Alcazar Hall,
120 O'Farrell street, under the auspices of
Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75, Imp, Order of R.
M., and Local Longshoremen's Protective
Association. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. Remains at the California Undertak-
ing Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
FLTNN— In this city, April 18, 1901, James, be-
loved son of Luke and the late Rose Flynn,
and brother of Joseph, Mary and Annie
Flynn, a native of San Francisco. age3 20
years and ¦ 10 months.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Albert Brown, 463 Thirteenth street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. v
FERRIS— Ir» this city, April 14, 1901, James J.
Ferris, a member of Bald Basle Tribe No.
75, ImDroved Order of Red Men, and Local
Longshoremen's Protective Association No.
¦ 228, a native of Canada, aged 36 years 1
month and 1 day.
(C?Friends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from
the tarlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission
street. Interment private. No flowers.
FERBER-In Oakland, April 18, ' 1901, Charles
Ferber, a member of Ernest von Bandel
Lodge No. 3. Order of Hermann's Sons, and
a veteran of the Civil War, a native of Ger-
many, aged 70 years. ' .
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 232 Pierce street, near Haight, thence
to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Niantlc Parlor No. 105. N. S. G. W., com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
FALLS— In this city, April 19, 1901, Stephen
D. Falls, a native of Maine, aged 80 years
> street, between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
CHILDS— In Oakland, April 18. ' 1901. Marcus
\V., husband of Barbara. Childs, and father
of John E. and Herbert G. Childs, Mrs. w.
T. Knox and Mrs.- C. N. Lake, a native of
Vermont, aged 70 years i months and - 18
days. ' ¦ ¦ . . •
D1ETUICH— In this city, April IS, 1901, Louise
Dietrich, beloved mother of Mrs. rL. .Heidt-
mann. Mrs. J. Tiedemann' and Carl, Frank,
Herrman, Otto and Albert Dietrich, , a native
of Pommem. Germany, aged ' 70 years 8
months and Jo days. - ¦ .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. H. Heidtmann. 214%
Fillmore ¦ street, near 'Haight. Interment
Mount Olivet - Cemetery-
DODD— In this city, April 17, .1901. Fredrick
Dodd, beloved husband of Mary E. Dodd, -a
native of England, aged 49 years 11 months
and 7 days. '
icy Acquaintances and members ' of Unity
Lodge No. 61, K. of P., Court Justice No. 16.
F. of A., and Redwood Camp No. 91, W. of
W-., are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from Pythian Castle, 909 Market street, near
Fifth, where services will be held under auB-
pices of the Uniform Rank, Knights of
Pythias. Interment private. Please omit
• flowers. • : ' . ; . •
DOLAN-In this city, April 19. 1901, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of - John Dolan, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. R. P. Meril-
lion and Annie, John J.. Nellie and James
„ Dolan.
(E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. .
DOWLING— In this city, April 19, 1901," Fran-
ces, beloved daughter pf John F. Dowling,
a native of San Francisco, aged 16 years 9
months and 11 days. ¦ .
"C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Mount Calvary ' Cemetery.
EDELMANN— In this city, April 18, 1901, Carl
J., eldest and beloved I son of Matthias A.'
and Marsrarethe Edelmann, and brother of
Mrs. A. W. Borchers and Oscar and Adele
¦ ' Kdelmann, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 11 months and 25 days.
MOYNIHAN— In this city. April B. 1901.' Afl-
: nie, beloved sister of Lizzie Moynihan and
Mrs. Bromoton. a native of County Lim-
erick,' Ireland, aged 42 years.
IHTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral this day
- (Saturday). •, from St. Dominic's Church.
Benicia. -where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul on
the arrival of the 7:30 o'clock train from
San Francisco." ' '.
OLIVER— In this city. April 19, 1901. ¦William
Alfred, dearly beloved son . of William and
Maria Oliver (nee Newiom), and brother of
Hazel and Edna Oliver, a native of San Jose,
aged ?. years and 27 days.-
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 166 Ninth street, between How-
ard and Mission. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. .
REEDING— In the City and County Hospital.
April 19, 1901, -Ma*gie Reeding, a native of
¦ Massachusetts, aged' 49 years.
RICHARDS— In this city. April 18. 1901." Wil-
liam Richards, dearly beloved husband of
! Mary Richards, and beloved father of Wil-
liam Jr. and Walter Richards, a native of
Bristol, England, . aged 41 years 8 months and
16 days. A member of Court California No.
7914. A. O. F. .(Valiejo papers please copy.)
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 . o'clock, from Masonic Hall.'
corner of Railroad avenue and Fourteenth
avenue south," South Son Francisco, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Court California No. 79U, A. O. F. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Remains at the
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
' Company, 1209 Mission street, until 11:30
• o'clock a. m. Sunday.
ROBINSON— In this city. April 19, 1901. Henry
C. Robinson, beloved father of Mrs. Ida M.
Hall, and brother of A. S. Robinson of Kan-
sas and . Mrs. R. McNeally of Iowa, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 81 years and 7
1 months. ¦.
0RHT- In this city. April 18. 1901. Susan TJrry.
beloved mother of Daniel J., James B.. John
R. and George E. Keefe and the late Richard
"W. Keefe, and sister of Mrt. John C. Hawke,
a native of Newmarket, County Cork, Ire-
land, ased 68 years. -
GTFuneral this day i (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from the rooms of N. Gray & Co..
641 Sacramento street. Interment private.
WALIN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 19, 1901, Gustaf Walin. a na.tive of
Sweden, aged 64 years.
WALTER— In this city, April 18. 1901. David
P.. beloved husband of Lizzie "Walter, father
of Henry. Lawrence, Belle and Ardie Wal-
ter, and brother of Harry Walter, a native
of London, England, aged 51 years 2 months
and 20 days. - .
« (CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1120 Church street, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth. Interment Homo
of Peace Cemetery by carriage.
WILLERS— In this city. April 17, 1901. Ber-
nard, dearly beloved and only son of John
and Rebecca Willers, and brother of Rebecca
Willers. a native of San Francisco, aged i
year 10 months and 9 days.
(CyFrieods and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), - at 1 o'clock, from the ' residence
of his parents, 627 Stevenson street, between
Seventh and Eighth. ' Interment Masonic
Cemetery. - . > ¦
RAILWAY TBAVEL.INCIDENTS OF THE TRIAL.
FOR MURDER AT THE ALMS-'
HOUSE.
Properties Affected Are Transferred
by Deed, Deed of Trust and
Mortgage.
The instruments j in the. transfer, of the
Ingleside track from, the Pacific Coasc
Jockey Club to the New California Jockey
Club were filed yesterday in the Record
er's office. One deed conveys the real es
tate and. improvements thereon, fora con
sideration of $300,000. An assignment of
lease from the San Francisco Jockey Club
to the New California Jockey Club con
veys the leasehold' interests in the Taxi
foran track in San Maieo County and
Ingleside track, the "leases having three
years to run from January 1, 1901. The
consideration mentioned is $200,000.
A deed of trust from the New California
Jockey Club. to the Mercantile Trust Com
pany-as trustee for the San Francisco
Jockey Club covers a? security for a
mortgage the Ingleside property, lease
hold interests in Tanforan and Emery
ville race tracks for a consideration of
$400,000.- • .
PAPERS IN RACETRACK
DEAL FILED FOR RECORD
•An effort on the part of Riordan and
Lande, counsel for the executors of the will
of the late Julius Friedman, to settle the
final account J of their clients- in Judge
Troutt's court yesterday was successfully
resisted by Attorneys Houghton and Jo
seph Rothschild and a continuance of the
case was ordered. Houghton and Roths
child, on behalf of certain heirs of the de
ceased, object to various items on the ac
count, and as the vouchers were not on
file they, had no, opportunity to file' their
specific objections. -
.Rothschild and Houghton also objected
to the hearing of the case on the ground
that they had leceived no regular notice.
In ansyer to this objection'Attorney Rior
dan said: .
"We have received. written notices from
about twenty attorneys and verbal notices
from fourteen more that they , were corn
ing into the case, each claiming to repre
sent the only-true and ligitimate heir. It
is apparent 'that the majority of these
claims are frauds. - ¦ .
"We do not recognize attorneys who
represent other than the devisees under
the will of the deceased and the attorney
for absent heirc," Martin Stevens. It has
been stated i here that if sufficient time
was not granted other counsel to make
their objections to. this account it would
place the court in bad odor. | Mr. Stevens,
whose duty it is to care for the interests
of the court, -I believe, is fully. capable of
performing tthat duty."
Attorneys Rothschild and Houghton in
sisted on further time, and Judge Troutt
put the case over to the, day named.'
MANY LAWYERS BEPRESENT
>" , "TBTJE FRIEDMAN HEIR"
Attorney Bior dan Says He -Has Al
ready Received Notices From j
Thirty-Four.; '
limited to a consideration of the necessity of
a "temporary" appointment and the qualiflca
tlona of the proposed appointee, and I think
its position is clearly right. To such board
has been given full power to determine what
clerks and employes ara necessary for the con
duct of the business'of that department. ."With
in the limitations of ihe charter as to the dis
position of their appropriation they are ab
solute. ,
Where the Remedy Lies.
If they create unnecessary places the remedy
lies not with the Civil Service Commission,
buf ultimately with the Mayor. The, Civil
Service Commission , is created to see that ap
pointments to office and removals therefrom are
made in ctfiformity with a certain plan of pro
cedure provided. Their business primarily, is
to see that proper and fit persons are selected
as officers and employes under the merit sys
tem. And if there does not happen to be a
properly qualified person for any position that
Is vacant their consent or approval is required
to the appointment of a temporary appointee
who shall hold until an examination can be
held and a list of qualified persons so ob
tained. -. " . .
The commission may -withhold, its approval
of any temporary appointment upon the ground
that the proposed appointee is not fitted for
the position or upon the ground that a tem
porary appointment is not necessary . because,
a qualified list of eligibles is waiting from
which a regular appointment may .be made.
But the Civil Service -Commissioners should
not reject a nomination upon the ground that
In their judgment such an office or i employ
ment is unnecessary in such department. If
it were illegal to . create such a place that
would be another matter, but the case pre
sented does nut give rise to such question.
Must Exercise Discretion.
. The Civil Service Commission does not act
ministerially In giving its approval to a tem
porary nomination; it must exercise discretion
in this, that it must satisfy itself that the
person named Is qualified for . the duties of
the place he Is to occupy and that the place
to. he filled is one for which the Civil Service
Commission has no qualified list ready which
might be drawn upon. But it is not for the
Clvfl Service . Commission to say to the Board
of Public Works "we 'do not think you need
a stenographer in the building department"
and upon this ground withhold approval. .
The charter does not contemplate that the
Civil Service Commission shall be the judges
of the needs of . the various departments or
that they shall decide when public business
will suffer If a position is not filled. The Civil
Service Commission may or may not be qual
ified to decide what positions . the Board of
Public Works should create; the presumption,
however, • is that the Board of Public Works
has superior qualifications in this regard, and
the responsibility for the conduct of the Public
Works Department reats upon their shoulders
end not upon those of the Civil Service Com
mission.
charter does not reauire the Board ¦ of
Public "Works or anv other municipal de
partment to furnish the Civil Service
Commission with an' official statement
showing the need or necessity of. a
temporary ; appointee. The opinion
was reauested as a result of the. Board
of Works appointing Joseph Mogan to be
stenographer to tho Superintendent ; of
Public Buildings, after it had been-noti
fied that the commission could only certi
fy female stenographers lor appointment.
The commission, withheld approval of the
appointment because it contended that
it alone had the risht to determine the
necessity for the- creation of --positions. .
l^ane holds otherwise, however, and after
quoting the character on tho subject ad
vises as follows: ,
The Board, of Public Works claims that the
power of ¦ the Civil Service Commissioners is
limited to a consideration of the necessity of
City Attorney , Holds Depart-
V' ''~ ments Have * Sole Au
thority.
/ — »
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
yesterday in which ha advises that the
Has No. Right to Inquire
Into Necessity of .
jl osiLions.
CIVIL SERVICE
BOARD LOSES
; The Service Men of. the Spanish-Ameri
can war -will give a dance and'entertain
ment, to-morrow niglit at Native Sons*
Hall for : the benefit of needy volunteers.
Acp'ay under the directorship of Major
Curzon of •' General Dickinson's staff^wlll
be the ¦ principal feature of the ? evening 1 .
Major 'Curzon " will : also , act > as : orator of
the occasion. ¦'• The programme -will / be
concluded 1 with a dance. - ¦: r "
Aid for Needy Volunteers.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Ferdinand Furrer from Mary Fur
rer for desertion. Grace A. Meyer from
William H. Meyer for failure to provide
and Marie Merrltt from Charles W. Mer
ritt for extreme cruelty. Suits for divorce
wers filed yesterday by Mary A. Bates
against George E., Bates for failure to
provide and Abraham S. Levy against
Esther Levy for cruelty. - r <¦
In the Divorce Court.
Investigation of Water Supplies.
The Board of "Work3-has rccuested th«
Board of Supervisors co direct It to nuke
r>lans and estimates for a water supply
from the Stanislaus and Tuolumne
ri?e?s The board says that the City En-
Sneer was instructed to furnish esthnates
for a water supply from Lake Talioe.
TTnrks of Yuba- River. Forks of American
fir* X F S SS&rSrfVSfc
It. is authoritatively •:'¦ said that other
changes . of more importance will shortly
be made. . •
The Chief, after an investigation, be
came satisfied that the men who are sta
tioned in the park were not attending. to
business and he decided to assign them to
other beats. . " "'¦ / ¦"•*-. -- •:.-. : .
Chief Sullivan refuses to discuss the
various changes except to say that they
were made for the "benefit of the depart
ment. . Notwithstanding his reticence It
is Known that his object in removing th»
men who have been doing prison duty was
to stop the. "graft" that has been going
on for some time. Recently he became
suspicious of the actions of some of the
men who have been transferred and he
started an investigation. Failing to gather
sufficient evidence against them he con
cluded to make an entire change with
the exception of Sergeant Melody and
Floorman Murphy.
*« S * m< Mi. m ? f^i *¦ Pri son er complained
to the Chief, that tic had been forced to
deliver up a. check for a small amount of
money to an attorney. He implicated one
of the officers of the prison, but as It was
his word, against the policeman's 'nothing
was done about the matter. : It is known
that the Chief has long suspected a Police
Court practitioner of getting "tips" con
cerning men -who were locked up from th«»
officers in charge of the prison. Frequent
ly when the names of suspects were reg
istered on the "small" book the attorney
in question would m some manner learr*
of their arrest and hfe would lose no time
in seeing them unless he was prohibited
by Captain Seymour. Satisfied tbat some
body attached to the prison was giving
out the names of'the prisoners who were
locked up in the "tanks" Chief Sullivan
decided on the present changes. -_ ,
Negligence in failing to patrol properly
their respective beats is attributed for the
changes in the force ac Golden Gate Park.
Several nights ago the Museum in the
park was broken into and valuable curios
taken. ¦ - :
You are in full charge. of the police work
in the park, subject to the orders of your su
perior officers, and all orders- will be issued
through you and must be strictly obeyed
r . £f r foll ° wl , n p is the detail for foot duty
hi u P 5 .V 11 furtner orders; additional men
will be detailed as you require them:
_Of fleers Dunn. Haley, Mylar,. Clancy, Harris.
E w", h Ssil ?fr T - F - Byrne ' M - Callinan and
P. Walsh will report to you, relieving Offi
cers Bourdette, Dobbin. Kenny. G. W Clark
Dow,. Budd, J. L. Mangan, McManus, O'Shea
and; Dearborn. ¦- ¦ <•¦ .
By order of GEO. W. WITTMAN.
' Captain of Police.
pline and more efficient police . work in the
future, otherwise more changes of a more
substantial nature will be made.
i Instruct the officers now assigned to 'park
duty that they will be expected to do polica
duty, and that only, while on watch.
¦ Xo changes will.be made- in the "mounted
patrol at. present, but you ' will notify the
mounted officers that some of them are not as
efficient in attending to their duty as j they
might be, and unless they •" improve' in : this,
changes in this branch of the service will
This has been found necessary on account of
the way the police work of the park has be«n
neglected of late; there must be more disci-
Sergeant Coogan— Sir: An entire change of
the foot patrol in Golden Gate Park '.¦drill be
made, to take effect at • noon to-morrow, . the
While the men who were relieved from
duty in the City Prison were trying to
find out the cause of the changes. Car
tain Wittman added to their surprise by
sending the following order to Sergeant
Coogan. who is in charge of the Golden
Gate Park station:
Shortly after 5 o'clock Captain Nbrnian.
¦who acts as clerk to the Chief of Polic-;,
announced the following transfers of, the
men who have been doing prison duty:
Sergeant Fred T. Brown, from City
Prison to station duty. Mission 'station.
Patrolman O. H. Knight, from. City
Prison to Company C. « . .
Corporal John Parrotte, i from City.
Prison to doorman. City Hall prison.
Patrolman Con. Donahoe, from. City
Prison to bailiff Police Court No. 4.
Patrolman William H. Toung, from. City
Prison to Company B.
Patrolman J. J. Hickey. from City
Prison to bailiff Police Court No. 1.
Patrolman M. "Walsh, from City Prison
to bailiff Police Court No. 2.
The following assignments were al?o
announced:
Sergeant B. McManus, from Company
B to desk sergeant. City Prison.
Corporal P. S. Hagarty, from Company
T> to desk sergeant. City Prison, . *
Patrolman Thomas F. Burke, to door
man at City Prison.
Patrolman Thomas » Burtons, to door
man at City Prison..
Patrolman M. C. Mahoney, to doorman
at City Prison.
Patrolman Burr Love, to floorman. City
Prison.
Patrolman B. F. 'Kaskell, to floorman at
City Prison. ."* "
Other changes were as follows: . '
Patrolman P. D. McPartland, . from
Company B to Company C. , ,
Sergeant John C. Ayers, from Centr.il
station to Company. D. .
Sergeant A. A. Perrin, from : Company
D to station keeper, O'Farrell-street sta
tion. , ¦ .
Sergeant John . W. lloffitt. from O'Far
rell-street • station to Central station:
Sergeant H. H. Colby, from general of
fice to Company B.
Patrolman O. B. Merrick, to general
office.
Considerable surprise was created !n
police circles yesterday when it became
known that Chief Sullivan had decided to
change the desk sergeants and keymen,
who have done duty at the City Prison
for many years. "Rumors of corruption
among the men who were about to be de
posed spread with rapidity and many
anxious inquiries were made. It was
even hinted "that the Chief had decided
to release, several of the officers of their
Btara without the formality of a trial by
the Police Commissioners. •. . .
One of the latest styles of framing pic
tures Is close up without margins or mats,
using broad, natural wood moldings, fin
ished in tones to match the pictures pol
ished, wax or FlemiiJi finishes, producing
most elegant effects.' Novelties just re
-?,'« S P these goods at Sanborn & Vail's,
741 Market street. . • '
Framing: "With. Elegance.
Carried Knock-Out Drops.
Fred Ranquest was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on u charge of having
knock-out drops In h!s possession. He
was arrested Thursday on Montg-omerv
street by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea and
booked for vagrancy. When searched a
oottle of knock-out -Iroos was found in
Iiis pocket and Dr. Morrison of the
Emergency Hospital said there was
enough poison in the drops to kill a doz^n
men. Ranquest was « friend of Charles
Lowell and Eugene Cliereghino, who were
arrested and convicted last December for
breaking into 2316 Caiitornia street ai:d
3617 Taylor street, but nothing could at
that time be proved against him.
What the New York Central and Hud
son River Railroad Company Is
: Doing, for California and
. '.. -Her Products.
Mr. Carlton -C- Crane, Pacific Coast
agent of the New York Central and Hud
son RiVer RaHroad, is in possession of a
considerable quantity of literature sent
out by General Passenger Agent George
H. Daniels. Mr. Crane calls attention to
the manner in which Mr. Daniels is en
deavoring to bring to the attention of the
Eastern public the various attractions
California has to." offer in' the way of
scenery, as well as in the richness of her
products. Among the items is a very elab
orate menu card, showing the service In
the dining cars' of the New York Central
lires. On every breakfast bill henceforth
will be shown California navel' oranges,
Oregon apples, stewed California prunes,
and on all menus will appear California
wines— :"Cresta Blanca," and -"Ktlro," a
California, grape - fruit product. The
luncheon and dinner, menus will have Cal
if ornia : ripe ; olives, California navel or
anges ; and : ;Oregon apples. .The 1 supper
bills will have California ripe olives; Ore
gon apples'stewed California prunes; Cal
ifornia fruits in' syrup and California na
vel oranges. ....
This ¦ constant reiteration of California
products'ln theimenus of so extensive a
system, as, the New > York Central lines
cannot fail. to be immensely advantageous
to the. coast. . Mr. Crane states that Gen
eral Passenger Agent Daniels advises him
that the company Is in receipt of numer
ous letters from clubs and from private
individuals— travelers over the New York
Central . lines— asking the addresses of
persons handling California wines,
' Ivitro ' and other, things to which atten
tion fas' been called in S the company's
cars. .. • , - > '
The company's officers feel very much
pleased that their efforts in this line have
met with such success. During the Pan-
American Exposition at Buffalo the New
•Yorla Central , line will naturally be the
great 1 highway, over which the bulk of
travel will reach the e3fi>osition; and pas
sengers by that , route will always be as
sured of the most perfect service, every
convenience being . accorded them en
route, and the attaches of the company
at Buffalo ; being ready to provide them
with all information at their disposal re
garding Buffalo and its surroundings.
CALIFORNIA CAREFULLY CON
-SIDERED.
"That is the most remarkable mass of
human wrecks I have, ever seen as wit-;
nesses," said Judge .Conlan, after the ad
journment; of the court.
"Those are the best and most intelligent
we could pick out.", remarked hia brother,
the resident physician. . ,- .
It is not probable' that' any of the wit
nesses heard yesterday could be taken to
court to testify on the final hearing of the
case, so the Superior Judge to whose de
partment the Guinee case is assigned will
nave to hold -. court at the Almshouse.
Whether Guinee's, plea of ' self-defense
avails or not, he ¦will always be ; a public
charge until death'ends his sufferings.
One or two witnesses will be examined
this morning at the Hall of Justice by
Judge Conlan when the case will be called
for decision.
Attorney Webb announced that the pris
oner would not go on the stand In his
own defense at the present time. But
little cross-examination was given the wit
nesses, there being but slight variance in
all their testimony. .
as they endeavored to check the flood of
reminiscences the old man was willing to
tell. Finally, after a few questions lead
ing up to the matter, Williams asked the
court, to let him tell his story In his own
way. and he ' succeeded well. But when
it came to getting him to repeat the words
that Smith used, he proudly held up his
head, answering, "I'll not foul my mouth
with them, your Honor." As no manner
of persuasion would induce him to repeat
them, there will be no record of them in
his testimony. With a profound bow to
the court and spectators the old man was
led out and to his ward, to recount. his
experiences over again. ¦
Dr. W. E. Conlan. the resident physi
cian of the Almshouse, described In detail
the wounds that caused Smith's death.
They numbered something over twenty
of all sizes and characters.
«^ —
In view of the probability that Acting
Police Judge Long will to-day dismiss the
charge of forgery against Daniel J. Sulli
van on the J. Evans order for the return
of bail money, on account of the testi
mony of J. O. Reis, cashier In the Treas
urer's office, Judge Cabaniss yesterday
swore to a complaint before Judge Con
lan charging Sullivan with , a similar
crime. .
Sullivan is accused of forging the name
of the Judge to an" order for the return of
$1640 bail money deposited by Wong You on
March 13 for the release of Lee Quoung
and eighteen others charged with conduct
ing and visiting a fantan game. The
money was drawn from the Treasurer's
offico on the forged order, but Sullivan
delivered the money to" Wong You. The
Judge signed an order for the return of
the money a. day or two later and it was
handed to Sullivan. It is supposed he de-
St Sull1van'was before the Grand Jury yes
terday, but positively declined to answer
any questions p* to him regarding the
allwred forgery ol orders for the return
of bail money. Sullivan ascribed as his
reason for his refusal to answer that his
attorneys had advised him not to do so.
When he was asked whether his refusal
was because his answers might tend to
incriminate him Sullivan again declined
to reply. He was before the Grand Jury
for a short time only, and as no informa
tion could be elicited from him, he was
excused from further hearing.
Arthur Mack, the attorney, was also
callet! as a witness, but the Grand Jury
htd as hard a time getting information
from him as it had from Sullivan. Mack
could not remember the names of several
clients, who. it is alleged, lost their bail
through Sullivan's J manipulations. The
name! of several people said to have re
tained Mack as their attorney were men
tioned, but Mack pleaded profound ignor
ance of them, saying that he never re
membered the names of his clients.
to Complaint Against
Sullivan.
Judge Oabaniss Swears
MUST ANSWER
SECOND CHARGE
PRISON SERGEANTS AND TURNKEYS
TRANSFERRED TO OTHER STATIONS
IN the "last chance" ward of the city's
poorhouse wrecks of humanity told
hpfnre Tnde-P CYinlan v<=>«:tprrlav aftpr
before Judge Conlan >esterday after-
noon the circumstances surrounding
the struggle between Daniel Guinee
and Richard B. Smith on the 5th inst..
which resulted in the death of the latter
on thp fniinwins- iftprnnnn ("Jninpp i<! nn
law compelled the holding of a prelimin-
ary examination.
Aged, decrepit and paralyzed were all
the witnesses called. Guinee, himself a
cripple, being short of a leg and unable
to move except on hands and knees, sat
stolidly through the hearing without ut-
tering a word or casting a glance at his
former roommates, who with one accord
weakened minds could conjure. All ap-
peared sincere m detailing the circum-
stances surrounding the affray that oc-
curred in the room above the one in which
Conlan held court.
All the paraphernalia of the court was
transferred to the Almshouse from the
Hall of Justice. Clerk Rice -brought his
calendar with him. Judge Conlan his dock-
et, and Bailiff Laws solemnly announced
the opening of court. Deputy District At-
torney Harris conducted the prosecution,
while Judge Watson H. Webb defended
the prisoner, Guinee was brought from
the City Prison in a patrol wagon by De-
tective Crockett, who swote to the formal
complaint, and by Bailiff Laws. As the
prisoner was practically unable to assist
himself the officers had to carry him up
and down the steep hills in the Almshouse,
grounds. . .......
The advent of the court was a cause of
great excitement to the inmates, and ap-
parently will be a story of wonderment
for many days to come. Faces lined every
window as the ambulance bearing the offi-
cers of the law slowly wound its way up
the grade to the building occupied by the
incurables.
Thomas Magner was the first witness
called. He was borne in on the back of a
fiercely grizzled-bearded attendant, who
staggered under the weight of his bur-
den. Magner is paralyzed and his feet
were inclosed in blankets. He was placed
in the witness chair and his pale face
glowed with the excitement of the occa-
sion. He was a friend of the prisoner,
and told of the circumstances leading up
to the accusing of Guinee with murder.
The Story of the Murder.
Briefly the story is that Magner was
reading a morning paper in the room
above that in which court was held and
in which the tragedy occurred. Smith,
who was paralyzed on his right side, was
lying m bed, a bottle of water hanging.at
Ug hea<J Guinee had crawi ed in from an
other ward and was listening to the read
ing of the paper. Smith frequently inter
rupted the reading by profane remarks,
Guinee remonstrating. Finally Guinee
crawled across the floor and raised him
times in the face with his left fist and
Guinee retaliated. Smith reached for the
water bottle, but Guinee secured posses
fion of it and belabored Smith over the
J^^net awt£ an^n^as^
ance During his absence Guinee returned
to the attack, jabbing Smith several times
with the ragged edges of, the bottle, which
had been broken on Smith's head..
]anguage ul ed by Smith which:led to the
assault, and described in detail the strug
gle, alleging that Smith struck the first
blow, was the first one to bring the bottle
into play and which was afterward used
with deadly effect by Guinee. The witness
was carried out of the improvised court
room on a chair.
Edward Joseph Hall, bearing the weight
of over seventy years on his shoulders,
brought all his personal belongings into
court wrapped in a red bandana. These
he carefully deposited on the floor beside
him, and furtively watched between ques
tions and answers. Hall was the man
who pulled Guinee away from Smith dur
ing the early part of the affray. He ex
pressed a marked unwillingness to repeat
the language used by Smith, saying it' was
"too filthy." While he ambled away to
call assistance Guinee had completed the
beating, and crawled away from the bed.
The witness therefore knew but little of
the assault. . .
Wong Sing, a Chinese paralytic, was
next called in and answered intelligently
all questions requiring monosyllabic an
swers. He was a little confused when it
came to more intricate answers, but by
the exercise of considerable patience a
fairly good account was given of the af
fray, corroborating the.evidence of the
other witnesses. He designated the prison
er as "him" and Smith as the "dead."
"By the grace of God, sir, I'll be eighty
nine, come next October;" responded John
Williams, the last of the witnesses from
the incurable ward who were able to give
an intelligible account of the affray,
Others saw it but their minds are blank.
Would Not Repeat Profane Words.
"I was born in October. 1S12," responded
Williams, and he was questioned by Judge
Conlan and Prosecuting Attorney Harris,
At this point in the case there was re
newed scurrying among the assembled
brokers. The case rested and was con
tinued until next Friday for argument.
"There are four or five of my associates
to whom I loan money," concluded Cur
taz. "I charge them interest."
"Have you made it a business to loan
money to your associates and exact this
rate of interest from all?"
"Did you charge interest on the loan?"
"Yes: I charged 2 per cent a month and
took the interest out in advance," calmly
answered Curtaz.
McCalvy was in court to press his suit,
however, and was at once placed on the
stand. He testified as to his services, the
performance of which is not disputed by
the defendant, and left the stand. Oscar
11. Curtaz was the next witness. As he
is operating as a broker in opposition to
the various firms throughout the city, he
decided to stay in the game and refused
to revoke his power of attorney. He held
the power of attorney, he said, as secur
ity for some $68 loaned McCalvy.
"How came you to loan this money to
McCalvy?" asked Atorney Louis P.
lioardman. who represents Auditor Wells.
"He asked me for the money, I loaned it
to him and took his note for the same.
Then I exacted a power of attorney,"
answered Curtaz.
McCalvy Presses Suit.
When the case was called for hearing
yesterday there was considerable scurry
ing among the brokers. The brokerage
firm of Bier & Regensberger also hold a
claim against McCalvy by virtue of a
power of attorney issued last Dectoiber,
but as McCalvy did not work during the
month of January they have not as yet
collected their money. Hawley & Nottage
were also on hand to prevent. If possible,
the money f_or which they hold an assign
ment from falling: into McCalvy's hands.
They also wished to stop the case before
it reached a decision, for the- Supreme
Court has held that no valid assignment
for moneys not yet earned by the assignor
can be drawn.
In his answer Auditor Wells set up as
a. defense the fact that McCalvy had as
signed his warrant for - the .month of
March, during: which McCalvy served as
extra' clerk, to Hawley , & Nottage,
brokers, and also that Oscar H. . Curtaz
had presented a power of attorney, signed
by McCaJvy, authorizing Curtaz to collect
the moneys due for McCalvy*s services.
Curtaz was forced to make his admis
sion when called, to the stand as a'wit
cess in the action' Instituted by George A.
McCalvy for a writ of mandate to compel
Auditor Wells to audit his claim for %*)
for services rendered as extra clerk. j
Forced to Make Admission.
Oscar H. Curtaz. cashier In the office
of the Tax Collector, admitted In Judge
Seawell's court yesterday that since he
assumed the duties of his position he has
augmented his income by running a
brokerage business, with his associates In
the office as patrons. Since Tax Collector
J. Harvey Scott took possession of his
office it has not been a fruitful source for
professional brokers — those •whom the law
recognizes and for which recognition a
license fee is exacted. Curtaz. in direct
violation of the spirit of the charter. If
not its specific provisions, has been op
erating as a broker and has paid no li
cense, lie asserts that he only loaned
money at interest to four or five men in
the office, but the brokers by profession
claim that this staement is not in keeping
with the facts, and that Curtaz has taken
all of the Tax Collector's office business
away from them. Curtaz did not admit
that he was operating with the consent of
Tax Collector Scott; neither did he assert
that the Tax Collector, who is his broth
er-in-law, was ignorant of his operations.
Testifies That He Holds Mc-
Calvy's Power of
Attorney.
Conducts a Brokerage
Business in 1 the Tax
Office.
GURTAZ ADMITS
LOANING GASH
THE SAN FBAyciSCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1901;
INCURABLE WARD OF THE ALMSHOUSE
SCENE OF POLICE COURT HEARING
14
Positively Last Day,
TO-DAY, Saturday,
ax : p. m.
LAST
AUCTION
PERSIAN
RUGS.
149 STOCKTON STREET
CORNER GEART.
M. B. MIHRAX leaves to-nijtht. This wri
be last closing- out sale. The eetehrat*^
TABRIZ, the SILK RUGS and all t h- p ™mU
nent Ru s » will be offered at this safe J&-
-buyers' opportunity, aa Kvtgs will be selling at
this sale at greater sacriflcl than tver.
drjicnultyT
toUonfreeandsacredlyconfldeatiaL Can oeriSSL
«S6^ Eearny »t^ San Franei>c«.C«l
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K EA 3 S 5L' AS £ D WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
¦» modeled and renovated. KING WjluS *
CO. &iropeanplaa ; - i -Rooins. 50c to a«d«r
W to *3 ; week; IS to »23 month. Free bata.fSoI
and • cold -water every room: flre gr»U* ia «V«rr
room; elevator runj »u nJgjjt.
CHANGE OF FIRM.
Studebaker Bros. Col of California.
' The entire stock of vehicles formerly belonging to Stude-
baker Bros. Mfg. Co. is now owned by the new company.
' W^have taken them over at reductions in price that are in-
teresting.
The special discount of from 15 to 33 1-3 and 40 per cent
will continue. * - , ,. v \;-- -.
To ! add to the interest the new company will -include in. the;
reductions ten carloads of new -vehicles now, unloading and en
route. t ' . , ; . , . . , ¦ • .. ;
" We are- receiving new things in Spring. Lap Robes, Dusters .
Studebaker Bros; Co, of California;
• Market and Tenth Sts., San Francisco.
BUTTER, Finest Creamery, per sq 30c
Regular 25c per square. .
SARDINES, in Oil, Beziere-
ISX: £.:::::::::::::::;: =<;«
Regular 25c and C3c. • " <JUC
•^E^iW^ftsas^. .,30c
TEA ten different kinds, nar II, Jfl.
ILMi choicest pickings, DSHD* • •4UC
Regular EOc x>er pound.
BLUEING, liquid, per pint bottle. 10c
Regular ISc and =£? «"* b °" le 15c
CATSUP, Elite, per bottle.... 20c
Regular £c r>cr bottle.
MALT WH!"KY l naio!ng > s. b 5S. 75c
Pure— medicinal. Regular jl per bottle.
VERKOUTH the^nuine French CfU
I -HlliUUI tli per quart bottle ••OUC
Regular 60c Der bottle.
0L Ll'L C £Sfeen,rip 6l perqt.25c
Regular Sic per auart.
CHERRIES in Maraschino,^; 60c
Regular 70c.
EhirardellPs Fagle ChocoIate,7j.2Oc
Regular ZZc per pound.
EASTERN CH -ESE, per Ib....l7k
Regular 25c per pound.
LOBSTERS, just arriV8d, Iar p 6 Vti n .25c
LOBSTERS. DeYiled^n^^Oc
A tnoct delicious appetizer.
Regular 25c. -
Cal. -belled Almonds, per lb.. 30c
Reffular 4Cc.
Flickinger's Fruits, iP ?^T b d^ n . .25c
Recular 25c per tin. *
BiBO, NEWMAN & IKENBERG,
1447-49 POLK STREET. ,
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
Grannkted Be3t Cane SUGAR, 19 lbs. .$1.00
Sugar Special Saturday only.
SINGAPORE . PINEAPPLE, Sliced 15c
Nsw arrival. Extra, Res. 25c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, Square/. .3)o
Fine Is our motto. JRezular *>c
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, Square 2F 3 o
Regular 3 3c.
BEST MISSION EGG3,' Dozen. . . ... . .17&
Recular 22*£c doz.. •* •
PURE JUNIPER GIN, Large Bottle. . .$1.25
'Regular "$i. 60."-
MOCHA and JAVA COFFEE, lb. ..... .25c
Our Best. Regular 33c.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, lb. . . : . 40c
Six Kinds. Regular 73c.
JESSE MOORE^A.A. WHISKEY, Qt. Bot. .90c
Regular J1.10. .
MACARONI, SPAGHETTI, Box 20c
| Vermicelli." Regular 25c
TABLE FRUITS, Extra Quality, 3 cans. .503
: 'j Peaches. Pears, Apricots.
By Special Request. Rey. 25c can.
.DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY, Bot. .75c
Res. 83c.
Imported SARDINES, Flag Brand, 3 cans..25o
Regular 12^4c.
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKEY, Gal. . . .$2.50
Reffular $3.50.
STRYKER;S KITCHEN SOAP, 1 cakes. . ,25c
Best Sand Soap. Reg. 5c ca&e.
HUILE D. OLIVE, can 95a
Imp. from France. Rejf. J1.23
AMERICAN Sweet Sugar CORN, 3 cans. .25
Extra. Regular 12Hc.
HOMEOPATHIC COCOA, |-lb. ean. ... .12?,o
Health Cocoa. Regular 20c
PERFECT BLEACHING SOAP, 15 cakes. .50o
Kins- ol- all Soaps.
JAPAN HEAD RICE, 20 lbs $1.00
Regular 16 lbs.~~M 00
• y"
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of then "Special-
Sales. We RhiD Free of Charge within 1M
miles on all orders exceeding t5. Ask for
monthly price lists— Free.
1348-1354 Market Street.'
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch Storei.
All This Ladies' Neckwear 47c.
Just the styles you want and which are
Worth regularly 75c to $!.. 25.
Samples (from one of the finest imak- y=38ooo9»»«t.i
ers in the land) as pretty and snappy as £ /" j^&^n
they can be — not one of them is soiled. W^^Sj
though a few are a little crushed. Most «j; t^^J?
of. them are as v perfect and fresh JS3-Ss!
as any you can buy from regular stocks. 1 ,• -V^V $
There are 437 pieces, including ladies'. STOCKS j _J<\,» : ,<4
with long silk ends, JABOTS of pleated chiffon /l^SIS U '"*'>
and liberty silk trimmed with fine, narrow silk ; . T< v3*»§Sfc TN -¦•¦-
niching, .chiffon JABOTS trimmed with silk and | \^p
gauze ribbon, pleated chiffon jabots finished with :*^ ju ' p£ T"/r
point braid, narrow niching and gold braid. , \^lz*
FANCY BOWS and ends ol taffeta silk set off |. pSeV
with Rold spikes and buttons; also STOCKS W^ si<7%3
AND BOWS of chiffon and silk ribbon shir- M"\ l&^3>
ring- and braid. ' I
New^Veilin^s 25c yard. jz/*
We are in close touch with the veiling world ij-/*r* - '?-l$\^ Vv
— nothing new or novel is conceived but that I - ' Tj*5/vv is» *!)
our sharp-eyed men in New York are quick to J - f'^Il n^^TJOj
send us some. That's why [ ,- «i.^->- v «%.
Our Veilings get more interesting every day. (^e)j
Women after the prettiest and newest ideas J^
in veils can be sure to find them here.
' To illustrate: These at 25c.
Plain and fancy tuxedo meshes with large and small chenille and self
dots in white, black, brown, navy and white with black dots. Plain and dot-
ted Brussels net'in black. and white and bordered grenadine pattern veils in
black on white and black.
WOMEN'S FINE TAILOR-MADE
Suits To=day $11.50.
Only 15 of them and in only 3 sizes— 34, 3<5 and 38. That's the only rea-
son for a price like this. If your size chances to be among them you will
get one of the best values it has been our good fortune to offer. They are
made from black cheviot— the jacket is a snappy Eton one, lined with taf-
feta, the collar a new L' Aiglon one, which, like the sleeves, is finished with
taffeta stitched bands. The skirt has 7 gores and is finished with a deep
flounce. Every one of them ought to sell to-day at this remarkable price,
$11.50. . ; .
Handsome Broadcloth Jacket $5.00
> . . Others of light, stylish Venetian Cloth.
Only a few scant dozen, and how quickly they will be snapped up I
they are lined with fine quality taffeta silk.
The collar is the newest notched sort, the sleeves the new Bishop style,
and we have any size from 32 to 44.
Commercial Envelopes to-day
Heavy— white. They usually sell for tc We bought them cheap, so we sell
them cheap— our advantages are yours. '
, Market Street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate ave.
Hole's.
Hale's.