OFFICERS OF: THE ••OHIO: SOCIETY f-
I "WHO WILL. BE PROMINENT IN THE ; -
RECEPTION." ;* '
VENEZUELA
GETS LESSON
IN COURTESY
'Will Be Made to Feel
Weight of America's
Displeasure.
Castro's Treatment of Loomis
an Insult to the United
States.
At Present Diplomacy Is Considered
Sufficient to Bring the little
Republics to Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. April 23.— Venezuela
will be made to feel the weight of Ameri
can displeasure in return for its discour
teous treatment of Minister Francis B.
Loomis.
President Castro's attitude toward the
official representative of the United
State will be resented, not forcibly but
diplomatically. The American legation In
Caracas for some months at least will
be left in the care of Mr. Russell, who
will act as charge d'affaires, and It Is
probable that the Venezuelan Government
will be Informed of the reason which
actuates the President In reducing the
Importance of American representation at
Caracas.
Castro's Imprudent Course,
The decision of the administration with
respect to Venezuela^was reached to-day
after Secretary Hay had a conference
with Minister Loomis, and at a Cabinet
meeting had communicated the explana
tion made by the diplomat to the Presi
dent and his colleagues. It was an
nounced by a high authority that Loomis
"had acted with intelligence and discre
tion in carrying out instructions given him
by the State Department." This means
that President Castro's objection to Min
ister Loomis Is not personal, but due to
the fact that the latter represents the
United States. It is not proposed to dis
patch a sauadron to Venezuela. For the
present, at least, diplomatic representa
tions are considered sufficient, and It Is
hoped they will bring President Castro
to a proper appreciation of the course to
pursue in the treatment of foreign rep
resentatives.
Loomis Is Not Indiscreet.
Minister Loomis convinced the author
ities to-day that he had not been In
discreet, and had not made statements re
flecting upon President Castro. He said
after leaving Secretary Hay that he had
had no personal disagreement with Gen
eral Castro. He declared he did not be
lieve President Castro said that the Vene
zuela authorities believed he accepted fa
fors from the asphalt trust. He declined
to answer" the question as to whether he
was persona non grata, to President Cas
tro, but It Is learned that no representa
tions regarding Loomis have been made
by Venezuela to Secretary Hay.
The Secretary gave Loomis to under
stand that he could return to Venezuela
if he desired to do so, but the Minister
asked that he be granted leave to go
abroad for the benefit of the health of his
wife and himself. He expects to be at
Carlsbad three months. Upon his return
he will determine whether he will go back
to Caracas. The expectation is that he
will be transferred to some European
post, and the diplomat whom he succeeds
will be cent to Caracas.
Other Powers Also Object.
As a result of Loomis' report It is
learned that the officials understand that
Germany and Spain, as well as the United
States, recently separately informed the
Venezuelan Government that they -would
not consent to the consideration of claims
arising out of the recent revolution in
Venezuelan courts. Great Britain is ex
pected to make similar representations.
President Castro is said to have sacked
the court which is to consider the facts
in the asphalt disputes, but the State
Department will review the decision ren
dered.
President Castro is accused of being per
sonally interested in the settlement of this
dispute, where he and his brother. It is
charged, contemplate seizing that part
of the Felicldad concession outside of that
granted to Warner and Quinlan. Repre
sentatives of the Orinoco Iron Company,
concession which was recently canceled,
are in Washington urging that the United
States insist upon the restoration of their
grant.
CHICAGO'S CHIEF OF POLICE
RESIGNS HIS POSITION
CHICAGO, April 23.— Chief of Police
Klpley handed in his resignation this
evening to Mayor Harrison. For some
time it has been evident, from statements
made by the Mayor, that he did not intend
to reappoint Chief Kipley and as the ap
pointment is to be announced next Mon
day, the chief decided this afternoon to
take matters into bis own hands.
He called upon the Mayor and asked
him in Epeclfic terms if he was wanted
for another term. The Mayor was as spe
cific as the chief and told him that h© had
no Intention of reappolntlng him. The
chief then went to his office, wrote out his
resignation, 6ent it to the Mayor and,
calling up all the police stations In the
city, announced that he was no longer
Chief of Police. Mayor Harrison declined
to discuss the retirement of Klpley or give
tbe name of his successor.
The Society of Ohio • . has for its , object
the - promotion 'of social and ' fraternal
union among its members and the'collec
tion, preservation and \ diffusion of infor
mation concerning the r State' of Ohio and
its people. When the society was organ
ized . Benjamin B. • Haskell 'was ¦ elected
first president and . after ,. serving \two
terms he. was succeeded by Colonel John
P. Jackson, late* Collector, of the! Port 'of
San Francisco, who retained . the honored
seat until . summoned by, death. . ; Then' the
Incumbent, '; General James M. .Gleaves,
was elected. General ; will \ have
The Ohio Society of California, upon
whose shoulders will devolve a great por
tion of the responsibility of successfully
entertaining President McKinley during
his visit in this city, is without exception
one of the most vigorous social organiza
tions on . the - Pacific Coast. The- society
was organized June 12, 1897, with less
than fifty members, but since then It has
met with a . remarkable growth and to
day it numbers within its ranks many of
the State's most influential citizens. The
names of many of California's ' leading
merchants, scientists and. Jurists adorn
Its roll and = President McKinley himself
is one of its honorary members. ; ,
Tlie Ohio Society.
The people of Marln County are making
great preparations for welcoming the
President on May 16, for on that day he
will "cross . over to Sausalito on ¦ his way
to the top of Mount Tamalpais. He will
be met as he leaves the ferry at Sausalito
by. thousands of citizens and by the school
children of the county. There will be no
time for more than a cheer and perhaps
another when he pauses on his return,
but the people of Marln County are mak
ing ready to crowd- Into that single mo
ment all the loyalty and hospitality they
feel for the President and all he repre
sents.
Palace and Grand Hotels, $400; Dodge,
Sweeney & Co., $100; Murphy, Grant & Co.,
$100; Hale. Bros., $100; Occidental Hotel, $100;
Goldberg-. Bowen & Co.. $50;-. M. A. Gunst &
Co., $50; Levl Strauss & Co., . $50; Hoffman,
Rothchlld & Co.. $50; Baker & Hamilton, $50;
American Steel & Wire Co., $30; W. P. Fuller
& Co.. $50; Williams. Dlmond & Co.. $50;.Ris
don Iron Works, $50; John Shirley, $50; John
Breuner & Co., $50; Russ House, $50; Arctic
Oil Works, $50; Lick House, $75; Selby Smelt
ing Co., $25; Newman & Levinson, $23; Sher
man, Clay & Co.; $25: D. Samuels Lace House,
$25; Union Transfer Company, $25; Cluett, Pea
body & Co., $25; Winchester Repeating Arms
Company, $25; Lowenberg & Co., $25; Keller,
Bachman & Co., $25; Triest & Co., $25; Payot,
Upham & Co.. $25; Meyerstein Company. $25;
Piper, Aden & ¦ Goodall, $25; Code-Portwood
Canning Company, $25; Rosenberg Bros. & Co.,
$25; Anglo-American Crockery Company, $25;
M. Ehrman & Co.. $25; Norton. Teller & Ro
den, $25; Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company,
$25; Otis-McAllister Co., $25; Getz Bros. &. Co.,
$25; William Cluff Company, $25; Berry Bros.,
Ltd.. $25; Sherwood & Sherwood, $25; Califor
nia Fruit Canners' Association, $25; Abraham
son-Heunlsch Glass Company, $25; Curtis &
Muir, .$25; Rinaldo Bros. Company, $25; G. M.
Josselyn & Co.. $25; Neville & Co., $25; Bank
of British North America, $50. Total. $2325.
The executive council of finance- ac
knowledges the receipt of the following
subscriptions up to 12 m. yesterday:
Th.e Day's Contributions.
the side and garlands will be strune-on
the wires which support _ ,the electrlo
lights. The contracts for this work have
nearly all been let. «\
. The board of directors of the Automobile
Club of California; held a meeting, in the
Parrott building on Monday evening, at
which 'were present : President S. D. ; Rog
ers; .T«a5urer7A:" : E. : ; Brooke-Ridley, F. A.
Hyde and Dr. Frank ' J." Tillman. ,The fol
lowing new members were elected on the
active list: W.; S. Arnold, Sol J. Levy, 1 D^'
L^'I^wis.J." P. Edwards and R.' R. rHoim-
Automobilists to Greet McKinley.
The officers of the Ohio Society of Cali
fornia are as, follows: Past presidents,
Benjamin ; B. . Haskall and John P. ; Jack
son ; ' j president/ James M. Gleaves ; vice
presidents,. William. .H.: Jordan and John
W. '. Richards; .financial secretary, . W. L.
Maiile; secretary.r Louis P. McCarty;
treasurer,' Henry HIlp; board of directors,'
G.' A. ! Scheer, E. J. Ensign, John A.
Whiteside, Milton E. Baker and E. L
Baldwin:' '-V^tV'V ' . o
The society will also be called upon to
entertain Governor , Nash . and his party,
which is scheduled to arrive j at almost
the same date as the President. A street
parade In honor of the Governor is one
of the projects which is inviting consid
erable debate! The ; society desires ! to
have the 9000 soldiers who are at present
quartered at the" Presidio turn - out, I but
it is very doubtful if they/will be per
mitted to ' parade for ¦ both , the I President
and the Governor. Governor Nash * will
be accompanied by 200 members of the
Columbus -Board of: Trade: and will re
main, in the city' for ten days. It is ex
pected this will afford : him, ample time
to view every object of interest.
The Ohio' Society will entertain the
President at a banquet; on May. 16, from
5 o'clock in the afternoon until midnight.
Deputations from almost every jj lodge in
the State will be present and every effort
will be made to render the entertainment
one of the most pleasant features of Mc-
Klnley's visit to the coast.:
The society f meets on the second Wed
nesday of each -month at 320 Post: street.
-t Is- estimated that .there are "at least
35,000 sons of Ohio who have emigrated
westward and settled in the State of Cali
fornia. In almost- every- county of , the
State societies have been organized and
an attempt will soon be made to form
the various "societies Into a federation.
Advantage will be taken of the coming
celebration, when almost every society
w.-l have representatives here, to accom
plish something definite in that direction.
A'" Army of Ohioans.
The famed hospitality, of the State of
California is well upheld by • the Ohio
Society. "Apartments are maintained at
the Palace Hotel and a member is always
on hand to welcome ' and entertain any
visiting native * of the. Buckeye State.
"When ex-Mayor. Strong of New York,
who incidentally Is a native of Ohio and
a member . of the Ohio Society" of . the
Empire State, visited San Francisco, the
local society extended . to him a splendid
reception and feted him at a sumptuous
banquet. . ; Benjamin . Butter-worth; while
he was. sojourning^in^this city, was the
guest of the society.
the honor of presiding at the banquet
which. the ,society_ls preparing to ; give to
McKinley.
The Mayor has received a dispatch from
President : McKlnley's private- secretary,
George* B.' Cortelyou/ announcing 'that the
Presidential ' party,: will ¦ arrive " In • this cfTy
at 4:45"p.Vm.Y° Monday, May 12,* and will
depart . at .'midnight: .;. i n ; reply ,. Mayor
¦ Mayor George H. Clark : (chairman). O. - W.
Eriewlne, E. "W. Hale, H. Welnstock, Frank
Miller, George "W. Peltier, William Bectanan,
Ed R. Hamilton, B..U. Steinman, T.-B. Hall,
C A. Luhrs.F. B. Adams, L.Meblua, P. C.
Drescher, D. A. Llndley. O. G. Sage. William
Bchaw, J. O. Coleman. J. B. "Wright, C. F.
Curry. C. N. Post, C. M. Reuter, H. I. Sey
mour,' T. L. Enwright, H. Fisher, F. L. Gray,
E. B. Willis. V. S. McClatchy, Albert Galla
tin, M.' ' J. Dlllman, Dr. . G.' I* ' Simmons. Tom
Fox. Frederick ' Cox, Rev. C. L. Miel. H. H.
Grau, Rev. Father Qutnn, Emmett : Phillips,
J. N. Larkin, P. S. Driver, Peter J. Shields,
E. C. Hart. Joseph W. Hughes, C. W. Baker,
Frank T. Johnson, H. J. Small, T. W. Hetn
tzleman, Ll T.'Hatfleld. Louis F. ': Breuner. ' H.
W.- Johnson, Joseph Steffens, H. G. Smith,
J. E. Terry, Frank Ruhstaller Sr., J. G. Mar
tine, I*. ,tf Lewis, ; William Land, Russ D.
Stephens. . G. M. . Mott. -Frank cE., Smith. C.
C.IHall. Tom Scott, Charles F. Dillman, W. B.
Gerber.'W.rR. Ormsby, A.'Al.Van Voorhles,
S. i I. ' Hopkins, William Geary, Gua Lavenson,
G.-W.'Murray, W. D. Knights, John Weil. W.
F. ' Purnell. J.V.W. Wilson,' F. R. Dray, H. C.
Bell, 'James A. Barwick, ' Albert Elkus. W. A.
Anderson, T.:H.'"3erkey,J. ; E.' Sullivan, Wil
liam B." Hamilton,' -,W. ; H." Hanlon, . Fred Knox^
J.- H. Pond, P.'Wolf,- E.'C. Atkinson, William
M. ' Petrle. . Fred Mason, ; J. H. * Batcher, E. I.
Galvin, '¦ W.» J. . Hall, 7 Joeepb M. ; Anderson, I G.
W. . Locke, A. ' Meister, C. A. Toerk, L. B.
Mohr. L." Tozer," F. : F. ' Thomson,'" Dr. - Charlei
Van Norden; M.A; Howard, W. C Hendricks,
R. T. ; Conn, A. Mazzinl. B. F. Howard, E. F.
Frazer. W.' O.*- Bowers.
- SACRAMENTO, April 23.— The prelimi
nary arrangements for . the of
President McKinley and party in this city
are progressing. The following commit
tee of citizens has been appointed to act
Jointly with the Board of Trustees and the
committee appointed by the Legislature:
Sacramento in Line.
E. O. McCormick, traffic manager of
tiie Southern Pacific Company, leaves to
day for New Orleans to meet President
incKLnley. The popular railroad man will
superintend the t transportation of the
President over the. Sou them Pacific sys
tem and will Journey on the special train
all the way from New Orleans to Port
land, Or. ¦ ¦
Several of the automoblllsts will go
down to San Jose on Sunday/ May 12, and
will take part in the procession in honor
of President McKinley on the following
morning, . returning In ; the afternoon.
Dr. Frank C. Bangs has made complete
arrangements for . the j reception of the
chauffeurs and the stabling of their ve
hicles, which will be elaborately deco
rated. There . is . talk of holding- automo
bile races In San Jose on the afternoon of
the 13th," but the club will take no official
share in them.
; President Rogers appointed C. C. Moore,
C. 'Wilson Frankel and P. F. Rocket t a
committee on applications for member
ship, and F. A. Hyde, Dr. Frank J. Till
man and A. E. Brooke-Ridley a committee
on contests, runs and tours. ,
medieu. Dr. Max Rothschild of San Fran
cisco and H. B. Taylor of Oakland were
elected "resident" members; 'and C. W.
Dibble of Santa Clara, F. H. Holmes of
San Jose, H. J. Mohr of Mount Eden and
"W. C. Smith of Chico were elected "non
resident", members. . ._„..•
Market, Montgomery and other streets
will be decorated with evergreens and gar
lands. The evergreens will be placed at
The tower of the Ferry building will
be Illuminated with incandescent lights
Just as was done upon- the arrival of the
California volunteers. Very little bunting
will be used, and that only on Third
street, through which the President will
march upon his entrance Into the cityl
One new scheme will be tried in illumin
ating Market street. Instead of Incandes
cent lights, arc lights will be used, and
will be strung fifty feet apart on each side
of Market street, from the ferry to the
City Hall.
Charles R. Allen, chairman. of the com
mittee on decorations, says the committee
has completed many of its plans, and ha3
closed contracts for the illumination and
decoration of the streets of San Francisco.
.The committee has decided to resort to
electrical illumination very largely, this
having proved such a success In the past.
The problem of the school' children, and
there are 40,000 of them. Is being consid
ered by the Board of Education.' That they
will bo lined up to be reviewed by the
President Is a settled fact, but the trouble
Is to find a place to line them up, for
40,000 children' make an army by them
selves. Golden Gate Park and Van Ness
avenue are the only available places, and
one or the other will be chosen. The
school directors prefer the avenue, be
cause it Is more accessible and ' besides
there is more room for them there in
formation for review than anywhere in
the park.
The tickets for the citizens' banquet are
$20 apiece. At first sight this seems to be
a source of revenue, but when' the cost of
the dinner Itself, the best of champagne
and cigars, the decorations, the music, the
menus and a dozen other things are fig
ured out of It, it begins to look small, for
this is going to be a pearl among ban
quets and what will not be done to make
it perfect in its kind is not worth doing.
In addition to. being surrounded by all
the rooms and conveniences necessary for
the reception of a large number of guests,
the gymnasium of the club offers peculiar
opportunities for the art of the decorator.
It may be that this feature may decide the
committee In favor of the club.
The citizens* banquet Is still without a
home, but there are but two places in the
race for the honor just now. One is the
large grillroom of the Palace Hotel and
the other is the gymnasium of the Olym
pic Club. The grillroom will seat 450 peo
ple. Already there have been received by
A. A. Watklns, chairman of the banquet
committee, 330 acceptances, so it looks
very much as If. by the end of next week,
the capacity of the grillroom will be left
far behind. This will leave the Olympic
Club next in the race for favor. The gym
nasium can be made to seat 800 persons at
table, and if advantage be taken of the
boxing room opening from the gymnas
ium. 200 more can find place. There Is a
lack of culinary appliances in the club,
but they could easily be Installed for the
time, being, and President Harrison will
allow anything that the committee sees
fit to do.
PLANS for the reception of Presi
dent McKinley are tending toward
one of the grandest demonstra
tions • ever given - by a. city and
State ,lo a chief executive. . The
finance committee of the Citizens'
Committee of San Francisco now has its
work systematized, and money Is coming
In freely and with many promises of more.
Sub-committees have their work well in
hand, and the outline of the local celebra
tion is beginning to loom up among the
countless schemes under consideration.
DENVER. April 23.— While hurrying
East to his dying: child Dr. Roy Ingliss
of. Denver was taktn with a hemorrhage,
from which he died. Dr. Ingliss was a
special Inspector of the State Board of
Health. He came to Colorado on account
of lung trouble about a year ago, leav
ing his. wife and two children with her
parents at his old home In Jersey City.
Last Saturday night Dr. Ingliss received
word from Jersey City that one of his
children was dying from pneumonia. Ha
hastily got ready and took the first train
East. . At Ottunrwa, la., h« left the train
to take lunch, but the oppressive air and
the exertion of tho Journey affected him
greatly and he became ill. A doctor told
him If he proceeded farther East it -would
mean his death. He accordingly boarded
the next train 'west, but was taken with
& hemorrhage Just before reaching Colo
rado Springs. He arrived here at • o'clock
last evening. This morning he died la
his room at 701 Seventeenth avenut.
While Speeding- East and
Soon Dies.
Dr. Hoy Ingliss Has a Hemorrhaga
FATALLY STRICKEN WHILE
GOING TO DYING CHILD
DENVEE, April 23.— Mrs. Mary Fipps*
horror of appearing " in public with her
hat on crooked Interfered yesterday with
a wild chase which she was making to
overtake her husband and their two chil
dren, whom he was abducting. Mrs.
Fipps is the handsome wife of the fore
man of the Globe Smelter, and has lived
with him for. ten years in Globevllle, a
suburb of Denver. Recently they quar
reled and Mrs. Fipps threatened to re
turn to her parent3 In the . East. "White
she was away, from home yesterday her
husband, thinking that If be secreted the
children she would give up her Idea of
leaving him and compromise tbe quarrel,
loaded the youngsters in a buggy and
started for the country. Mrs. Fipps, re
turning home in a few minutes after he
had left and learning the facts. Jumped
astride a neighbor's horse and set out in
pursuit of husband and children. Her
way lay through the main street of Globe
vllle. Her rapid riding disarranged ¦ her
hat, which fell dangling about her neck.
She stopped the horse while she straight
ened the headgear and when she wai
ready to proceed husband and children
were lost to view. She then appealed to
the police.
¦———?——
Woman Stops to Fix Disarranged
Headgear and a Pursued Ab
ductor Escapes.
LOSES CHILDREN BECAUSE
OF HORROR OF CROOKED HAT
Hennlon. Charles SeweU. _¦ .
- Presidential Balute^Georje C. Power, George
L. Conklin. John . Lene. ; , . \
Carriages— WHlUm'Menxel.J. H. Reppy. R.
H. Teague.'.' '.'¦ * •."¦-. .
School children— J. E.' Reynolds. W.' A. Shel
don. ¦ Miss Hennlng.'
, Invitation— D.'J. Reese, C .1* Bard, A." Bern
helm.- H-V: ¦¦.¦¦•;¦.-• v-" ¦¦¦;,-¦':¦:¦¦'. ¦-•
.Decoration of carriages— The Native Daugh
ters. - '.'.'..'
' Route of - procession— J. ' H. ¦: Chaffee, F. „ R.
Trade:
Music— G. L. Sackett, J. C. Brewster/X P.
Rasmussen.
Decoration of streets— T. J. Donovan, J. W.
Hammons, C. B.; McDonell.' •
Decoration of building* — H. A. Glddlngs, W.
a Chaffee. H." B. Kowlatt.
ley and his party will be » properly wel
comed in Ventura. The day of the visit
will be a gala occasion in the town of
Ventura and "for the county. The outside
towns will be invited' to participate in the
reception.. A general holiday for the
school children of the county will enable
them to be present. ,
The special train of the Presidential
party will arrive in Ventura at 9:05 a. m.
The party will be met by Senator Bard
and the reception committee of the Board
of Trade, of which Professor Kauffman
is chairman. Carriages will be in waiting
and under escort of the veterans of the
Civil. "War. The party .will be taken to
Main street and thence to the Mission.
The school children will be gathered at
the Plafza School and will strew the Presi
dent's'way with flowers. The route of
march will be handsomely decorated and
the carriages of the Presidential party
will be garlanded. The following commit
tees have ' been named by the Board of
Clark wired the following:
There will be a Joint reception on behalf of
vthe Legislature of the State of California and
• ciUzenaiOf-.the^city.ofrSacrameiito, the recep
tion on behalf ol the. State to take place at the
State Capitol.} Arrangements.. not all com
pleted. Will wire you in a few days. If agree
able to- the, ladies of. the party a public recep
tion will be given them..
Stockton Plans Reception:
STOCKTON, Slay 23.— The McKinley
day committee, consisting of Mayor Har
rison, Rev. "W. C. Evans, Orrln S. Hender
son, C. E. Williams and Irving Martin,
has outlined a plan for the reception of
President McKinley and the Presidential
party in this city on May 20. The Presi
dent will arrive here at 1:15 p. m.
and will depart at 3:15 p.^ m. The
main feature of the occasion will be a
carriage ride through the city. President
McKinley will not be asked to make any
\ speech or to leave his j carriage. The
school children will be gathered at Eden,
Fremont and Independence squares,
where they will greet the President, sing
ing national anthems. Two • combined
harvesters will be In the line,' one moved
by steam power and one attached to
horses.
The harbor will be filled with steam and
sailing craft, all of which will be deco
rated and will be passed on the line of
march. Excursion, rates will be furnished
by both the Santa Fe and the Southern
Pacific Company on McKinley day be
tween Stockton and all points' Included in
a radius of 125 miles of Stockton. The
following dispatch has been sent by
Mayor Harrison to Secretary Cortelyou:
The provisional programme provides . for a
drive about the city. There will be no leaving
. of carriages. The President will not be asked
to speak unless at his own. option to assembled
school children.
The sub-committees already appointed
include. A. W. Simpson, H. C. Holman,
D. A. , Guernsey ; and . Rev. ; W. C Evans.
The School Superintendent and Board of
Education are 'the committee on school
children. The people of the towns In sur
. rounding counties will be Invited to take
i part in the welcome to' the President.
Beception in Ventura.
; VENTURA. April 23.— President McKin-
be considerably harassed by the con
stant movements of the British columns,
and from an English standpoint the situ
ation may be considered satisfactory. It
is officially stated that the number of
Boer prisoners now is 17,823.
Harassed by British Columns.
Generally speaking the Boers appear to
CAPE TOWN, April 21-It Is officially
announced that the Boers in Xanaaqua
land are still clinging to the hills north
east of Pella. Burghers In the Calvinla
and Kenhardt districts, especially those
under Froneman, have been more activo
of late and have required energetic work
on the part of the British.
The commandos of Scheepers and
Malan have moved east to districts be
tween Peadson and Pletersburg. The
British under Senneker and Scobel are In
touch with him.
'The commandos of Krttzlnger and
Fouchee, after threatening to attack
Maralsburg, apparently united and re
turned in the direction of their retreat in
Zuurberg. The last heard of Command
ant Kritzlnger he was near Venterstad
and making toward Orange River Colony.
Several, small parties of Boers are report
ed about Venterstad. They are probably
trying to establish a connection between
the burghers in Zuurberg and the Oranga
River Colony commandos.
Boers Hold TJp a Train.
. The Boers held up a train between Mol
teno and Stormburg last Thursday night.
They looted cattle and burned trucks.
The "engine \ driver and stoker were
¦wounded. - The British had two other
casualties.
„ Ninety Boers "are reported between
Allemans Poort and Jamestow'n, appar
ently moving on Barkley East or Lady
Grey.
General Christian Dewet, according to
one report, crossed the line north of
Wolvehoek on Thursday. Another report
locates General Dewet at Senekal. Or
ange River Colony.
Dashing General Dewet Is Reported
to Be Again Operating in Orange
River Colony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Republican Raiders Hold Up
Train, Steal Cattle and
Burn Trucks.
Commandos in Touch.
With the Pursuing
Columns."
BOERS STILL
BOLDLY FACE
THE BRITISH
Reports From Towns on President's Route
Show That Everybody Is Alive to the
Situation and Hard at Work Preparing
WORK OF FINANCE COMMITTEE
PROMISES NECESSARY AMOUNT
McKINLEY'S WELCOME THE GREATEST
EVER PLANNED FOR THE PRESIDENT
SCHEMES FOR RECEPTION RAPIDLY
SHAPING TOWARD GRAND SUCCESS
More Than Three Hundred Acceptances to
the| Banquet Already Received—Forty
Thousand School Children on Revie v
SAN FBANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 145.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.If You Have Rheumatism
Send no money, but writeDr.Shoop.Racine.Wis .
box 137. for six bottles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic
Cu:e.ext.pald. u cured payJ5.5Q. If not.it is free*
To-morrow I will 'sell $12 men's suits,
single or double breasted sacks, in. va
rious shades, blue serges and woolen chev
iots, worth $15 to $20, for only. $4.65 a suit.
Will also. sell at the same time and place
500 men's overcoats, box, tan, covert or
Oxford gray, all wool, velvet collars, to
morrow for $4.65 at the Clothing. Assignee
Sale of Boston. 773 Market 'street; near
Fourth, .p, C. ICelly, assignee, -
Suits and Overcoats for Men..
Constable Louis Hughes, and a multitude
of willing searchers, were heard from
this morning at Larkspur, where ' they
had been taken in after their long walk.
Ethel Gardner and Marshall and Wendell
McCamish. the little wanderers, are aged
respectively 8, 6 and 4 years. The Mc-
Camish children had once resided in Mill
Valley and some childish Idea induced
them to seek their former home. They
visited Mill Valley during the night and
started upon their return journey, mak
ing Larkspur at daybreak. ' Miss Belle
Brown, a teacher in the public . school
here, this morning brought the news of
their safety. *»¦ •', .-< •
Three Missing San Rafael Tots Show
Up in Larkspur at Day
. break. U-^'j-
SAN RAFAEL, April 23.— Three children
who were being sought all last night by
CHILDREN WANDER AIT
¦^;- NIGHT ON HIGHWAYS
h - New Mill. Crushing OTe.
RANDSBURO, April 23.— The new 100
stamp mill of :¦ the ."Yellow/ Aster Mining
Company started this morning. Every
thing moved off without a hitch. The mill
will take 450 tons of -ore Der day.- ¦•- '-
president and cashier." "has been a sad
blow to Peter Otte of this city, who in his
old age finds himself
Otte, who has passed his allotted three
score and ten, came to Los"Gatos to set
tle down and enjoy .himself. He had $17.
000 on deposit in the Vancouver bank, and
expected to live on the Interest. Now he
believes he has lost all, and in his ad
vanced years will have to struggle hard
for a living. The money in bank- was
all he had. jj . ¦. .¦• ¦
Otte made his money In a mine, and de
prived himself of many comforts so that
he might 'have it to fall back on. '
—
May Continue Two-Cent Basis.
SAN JOSE, April 23.— The board of ' di
rectors of the California Cured Fruit As
sociation has been called to meet to-mor
row afjernoon at 4'o'cloek. The object of
the meeting is to continue the 2-cent basis
of price. Forty, cars of fruit were sold by
the association to-day, a total of 458 cars
at the reduced price. .
Peter Otte of Los Gatos Loses Savings
of a Lifetime in Vancouver '
Collapse. ..
LOS GATOS, April 23.— The wrecking of
the National Bank of Vancouver, Wash.,
which was followed by the suicide of the
BANK-WRECKEBS BRING' '"';l^k\
¦ ¦ AGED MAN TO POVERTY
blazed in the heart of the city last
evening and for a time a great portlon.of
Santa Cruz was in danger. Situated
•among a large number of residences was
the- huge" barn of the Daniels' Transfer
Company, and if was here the fire started.
Th« twenty-five horses in the bam were
rescued, but the building was consumed.
Sltuatedfinvthe- same lot was the
transfer'company's large furniture ware
house, which had -a narrow escape. Dan
iels'"loss is more than $3000. •
Fire in Santa Ctuz.
SANTA CRUZ, April 22.— A big fire
Native Sons of Los Angeles in Charge
of a Unique Enter
tainment. • /
LOS ANGELES, April 23.— The tickets
for the "mammoth mastodonlc minstrel
show," which is to be the piece de re
sistance of the benefit for the Stephen
M. White monument fund at the Los
Angeles Theater next Tuesday, are sell
ing like hotcakes. The Native Sons are
pushing the sale of the pasteboards, and
they expect to dispose of at least 2000.
Every Native Son is being, pressed Into
service.
Dally rehearsals of the big . minstrel
show are being held in the assembly
room of Harry Deets' suite of apartments
over the Orpheum. Their 'sessions are se
cret, but from the inside come reports of
"great doings" and the minstrel show
bids fair to be one of the treats of the
season in Los Angeles. .:••,¦¦
MINSTRELS TO SWELL |->^^
• WHITE MONUMENT FUND
Samuel Foy Very HI.
LOS ANGELES, -April 23.-Samuel Foy
Is dangerously ill at his home in this city.
Mr. Foy is one of the oldest and wealth
iest pioneers of Southern California.-
SANTA ROSA, April 23.-Sult has been
brought here by David Jones, as admin
istrator of the estate of Evan Davis, de
ceased, against Nels Iverson, Andrew
Oisen. Rodney Phillips and Hans Chris
tiansen to regain po&sesslon of a large
tract of land In Mendoclno County. It is
claimed that short'y after Davis' death
these men took" possession of the land
The case has been tried before in Mendcn
cino County, but the Supreme Court or
dered a retrial and a change of venue to
Sonoma County.
Suit for Mendocino Land.
Oregon— Samuel S. Botslnger. Brock
way, bolt cutter; Joseph Wesley, Sclo
saw 6et. - '
Washington— Peter V: Cornils, feeattle.
lock: John B. Mahana and A. A. Pompe
Toledo, wrench: Lewis Mayhew, as
signor to S. B. Mayhew, New Whatcom,
amalgamator.
Pensions were issued to-day as, follows:
Ca ifornia-Original-Davld B. 'Phillips
Oakland, $6: Joseph C. Atherton, Va ejo
JG; Joseph C. McLellan. Oakland, $12. Ad
ditional— Rufus P. Castle, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angreles, $12. Original widows—Mar
gareta Martin, Oroville, $8.
Washlngton-Orlelnal-August Nesal
hous, Ellensburg. $6.
The following patents were issued to
day: Albert K. Andriano, assignor to Au
tomatic Interconnecting Telephone Com
pany, San Francisco, desk telephone: Lot
tie Bassett, Cedarvllle, hair fastener
b rancisco Cavallaro, San Jose, expansible
packing attachment for artesian wells
\\ arrcn V . Drew, Sacramento, pipe coup
ling; John Londstrom. assignor of three
fourths to Farmers' Union, San Jose, disk
harrow; Smith McGarvin, Fresno, fruit
grading machine; James H. Northrup.
Tustin, assignor to Draper Company
Portland. Me., and Hopewell, Mass.T fill
ing supplying mechanism for looms; Clar
ence L. Parker, Los Angeles, assignor of
one-half to J. W. Ross, San Francisco,
pump; Everett D. Wollbert. Bakersfleld
well drilling attachment; William D.
bright. Saticoy, assignor of one-half to
J. Lane and A- O. Browne, Ventura, mall
box.
WASHINGTON, April 23.-Postmasters
commissioned were: California— Elmer
T. HilliB. Daggett. Oregon— Sumner Carr.
Lafayette. ...
ers and Patent Office News at
Washington.
Postal Appointments, New Pension-
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The new vessel will be unique In some
respects. It will have .a perpendicular
double sternpost rudder to permit of un
shipping the rudder or propeller at any
time.- It will also have a flush deck, so
as to avoid frequent flooding of the for
ward deck. There will be threo masts,
with a sail area of 7000 square feet, the
rig-resembling that of a three-masted top
100 reet nigh, but the topmasts are made
so they may be taken down, reducing the
length to sixty feet. when needed. .
The vessel. will be provisioned for a five
years voyage, with a crew of fourteen
inclu'ling six scientists, a surveyor and
astronomer, geologist, biolographlst, ar
tist, photographer and doctor. '; •
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 23.-Plans
are completed for the construction of the
vessel to be built here for Captain Joseph
Bernler. who intends starting on a North
Polar expedition, to be absent five years.
The vessel will cost $80,000. J. B. Tyrrell,
the Canadian explorer, will accompany
Bernier. . ,
Arctic Explorer Bernier Is
Ready to Begin Its Con
struction.
COMPLETES PLANS
FOR UNIQUE VESSEL
Harry O. Stone appeared here to-day,
bright and smiling, coming direct from
Manila. His friends are being thanked
Otor all burial favors.- . • ¦¦¦¦¦:-: .-. ,v«" ..
In April, 1900, a hermetically sealed cas
ket, marked Harry H. Stone, was re
ceived here by the young man's aunc,
Mrs. Horace Drury. An impressive
funeral was held. The Grand Army vet
erans turned out and the body was given
all tho honor that patriotically • inspired
people could devise. Several weeks later
Mrs. Drury received a letter from Mrs.
Stone of Worcester, Mass., claiming th>j
body as that of her son. The mother's
appeal was finally yielded- to, although
Mrs. Drury believed the body to be. that
of her nephew. The body was exhumed
and forwarded. . ¦ .-. ....-
Stone was reared in Redding. . Five
years ago he entered the navy. A change
of service found hint with the Fourtli
Cavalry in the Philippines. In the battle
of Malalos in October, 1899. Herman H.
Stone of Worcester, Mass., a member of
the Twenty-second Infantry, was killed.
Harry O. Stone remembers the death, as
his company was stationed* near the scene.
REDDING, April 23.— Harry O. Stone
returned to Redding to-day after five
years' service in different branches of the
Government's fighting' forces to hear tho
details 'of his own luneral. The obse
quies were held here on April 14, 1900.
Soldier for Whom Relatives
Mourned Returns in the
Flesh. ,{ .
FUNERAL SERVICES
OVER WRONG BODY
After striking the water the man swam
about 300 yards and to within fifty yards
of shore, when he was observed to throw
up his hands nnd sink. He came to the
surface several . times, but sank for the
last time before help could reach him. -
The man was evidently a sailor on the
vessel. He wore a dark shirt and had the
sleeves rolled up. Many efforts have been
made to recover the body by dragging the
bay In the vicinity, but without success.
It Is believed that rather than embark on
the coming vovage of the Albatross the
sailor determined to desert.
SAN RAFAEL, April 23.— An unknown
man went to his death from the deck of
the United States steamer Albatross off
Sauaalito this afternoon. The vessel had
Just weighed anchor and was steaming out
to sea. People on shore saw a man spring
from the deck ana strike out for land. No
one on the vessel appeared to notice his
act and the Albatross continued on her
way.-
Sailor Believed to Be a De
serter Perishes in the Bay
Off Sausalito.
LEAPS TO HIS DEATH
FROM THE ALBATROSS
HANK SUMMERS, MAYOR OF NOME. AFTER FINDING VAST RICHES
IN DAWSON HE JOURNEYED TO THE COAST DIGGINGS. HE WAS
ELECTED MAtOR LAST NOVEMBER.,
Barmaids Are Barred.
BANTA CRUZ, April 23.— The City Coun
cil at its meeting last night passed an
ordinance to- prohibit women from serv
ing liquor. This does not affect -hotels
and restaurants. :.
Stanford Management Conforms tc
the Tax Exemption Bill's
Provisions.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 23.-
Presldent Jordan announced to-day that
all registration and other fees required
of undergraduates in the past are to be
abolished, the regulation to go into effect
next year. The ruling applies only to stu
dents* whose homes are In California, and
is the result of the clause to that effect
in the tax exemption bill which passed the
Legislature last fall.
Professor Albert W. Smith, head of the
department of mechanical engineering,
who has been engaged In practical work
in the East during a year's leave of ab
sence, has been granted a twelve month's
extension of vacation at his request, and
will not return to the university next
year. His wife, Mary Roberts Smith, as
sociate professor of sociology, and main
stay of the department since the resigna
tion of Professors Ross, Fetter and Al
drich, will also.be granted 'leave of ab
sence for a year. Professor and Mrs.
Smith will make their home In Boston,
where he Is consulting: engineer for the
Westinghouse Manufacturing Company.
The vacancies have not yet been filled.
REGISTRATION FEES
ABE ABOLISHED
posa.
MARIPOSA, April 23.— The suit of John
R. Hite vs. the Madera Canaland Irri
gation Company and the Sugar Pine Com
pany as intervenor for control of ttfe
waters of Big Creek is being fought foot
by fcot. Documentary evidence from the
records of Mariposa County was intro
duced to-day by the plaintiff to establish
his ownership of the Hite Cove property.
Each document brought objections from
the defendants' counsel as not beine per
tinent to the cause of action, but all ob
jections were overruled by the court.
John R. Hite went upon the stand and
testined that he owned three-fourths of
the Hite Cove mine and machinery, and
that Charles H. Chane was the owner of
one-fourth at the time the patent was
issued on May 28. 1874.
Daniel Heaton testified that he had lived
at Hltes Cove and vicinity for upward of
twenty years; that he was familiar with
the volume of water flowing in the south
fork of the Merced River at different sea
sons of the year; that from August up to
the beginning of the three or four months'
rainy season there was not sufficient
water in the river to operate the quartz
mill to its full capacity, and only one bat
tery of five stamps could be operated. In
seasons there was not even sufficient
water to run five stamps.
The plaintiff practically closed his case
to-day. To-morrow the Madera Canal and
Irrigation Company and the Sugar Pine
Company, as intervenor, will open up
their side of the case.
»
Millionaire John B. Hite Testifies in
His Own Bshalf at Mari-
BIG CREEK WATEB SUIT j
BITTEBI/2* CONTESTED |
;v '* ' »' 1; ' ' '; ' ' '-;
DIEGO, April 23.-The steamship
Santa Rosa, arriving to-day from San
Francisco, brought a strange story of a
babe deserted at Redondo on the last
northern trip of the vessel. : The desertion
was apparently by the parents of the
child, who took passage on the steamship
here. The little one was only a month
old. and as tots of that age do not pay
fare no mention of them Is made on the
passenger list, and It is impossible to
trace at this end of the line who its pa
rents were. .
The steamship sailed at 5 o'clock and
the couple were seen on the deck and in
the cabin. The next morning the Santa
Rosa was at Redondo, where she was to
take on a large shipment of citrus fruits.
W nile the steamship was loading the sup
posed young- husband went ashore and
hunted up a Justice of the Peace, to whom
he declared that his wife was sick and
? he »Mtedto have some one take
care of the child for a few days, while
wf,!? 1 ?^ J.° San Francisco for treatment.
\\ith the help of the Justice he succeeded
in getting .Mrs. Wolley. the wife of the
Constable, to consent to take the babe
As the steamship was leaving Redondo
the man handed Mrs. Wolley $3, sayine
*w at A.^ would be back with the steam
ship this week.
None of those on board the steamship
knew anything of the transaction until
the steamship reached Redondo. yester
day when Mrs. Wolley was at the land
™n? K re w^, n th l chUd to lts expected
parents. When they did not appear the
who e story was told. Constable and Mrs.
Volley are willing to adopt the child If
they can learn its Identity.
Redondo Constable Gets
an Addition, to His
/Family.
YOUNG PARENTS
ABANDON BABE
SEATTLE, April 23.— Nome advices
up to January SO, received here
to-day give details of the bliz
zards that prevailed along the
Notne coast on January 1 and 21.
Instead of 200 persons having perished, the
total number of deaths reported during
January was but seven. The list of these
follows:
DR. H. S. PELTON of Oakland. Col.
DR. W. F..BAUM of Teller City.
DR. TAM of Teller City.
DANIEL ALEXANDER of Montana.
ALEXANDER STOWE of Nome.
TWO UNKNOWN MEN.
The Nome Gold-Digger of January 30
gives an account of the blizzards and
their work of death. It says:
"Dr. Pelton, one of the best known and
most esteemed young pioneers of Alaska,
was frozen on the trail on the night of
the terrible blizzard of the 1st instant,
near Solomon. Dr. Pelton's people reside
in Oakland, Cal., from which place he
came to Alaska. ¦ He was 32 years old.
A message received from Spruce Creek,
dated January 23, says Dr. Pelton's body
was found on the trail between Spruce
Creek and Solomon. The body was
brought to Nome.
"Dan Alexander left Dexter for Nome
four weeks ago and has not been heard
of since. It Is feared that he perished In
the New Year's blizzard.
"News of another great tragedy of the
great blizzard was brought Into town by
United States Marshal McLean. It Is the
untimely end of Dr. W. F. Baum. who
perished while carrying medical assist
ance to a sick miner. Dr. Baum left
Nome on January 21. He was a native of
Mobile, Ala., and saw service in the Cu
ban war. .
"This afternoon United States Marshal
McLean brought into town the unidenti
fied remains of a man from Solomon.
Later the body, was Identified as that of
Alexander . Stowe.
.' "A story that rivals. the horrors of the
Black Hole of Calcutta was told at the
Chamber of Commerce meeting .Monday
night— a story rf sixteen men and a wom
an huddled together In a maimed and
mutilated condition from v frost bite, In a
cabin on Pilgrim River, unable to 11$ down
because of the crush, and with the added
horror of starvation facing them. This
harrowing tale touched tl*e sympathies, of
every one present. Generous Individuals
and companies donated money and . food.
An appeal to the military was resolved
upon and within two hours an emergency
supply of food was flying over the trail by
moonlight, drawn by swift dogs. The next
day, however, a number of the victims ar
rived in town and told their story. Some
of them were badly frost-bitten and had
endured severe hardships. ••'-
"Dr. Tarn was frozen to death on Satur-
San Francisco Is the largest market of
the mines, and the shipments south from
here amount to thousands of tons each
week. The mines are extensive and 200,
000 acres of Government grants of coal
lands are included. About 2500 men are
employed in the mines and on the rail
way system. Premier Dunsmuir himself
owns a large majority of the stock of the
companies, and other members of the
Dunsmulr family own the remainder.
Most of the purchase consideration will
be ir. cash, the balance being stock in
smelter and other companies In which
Morgan and Hill are Interested.
The Esquimau and Nanaimo Railway,
which is about 150 miles in length, and
the Union, Extension. Comox and Wel
lington coal mines are included in the
deal. It is well known that Premier Duns
muir has been wanting for a long time to
BeU his railway, but this Is the first time
that the coal mines have been Included
in any negotiations which have taken
p'.ace.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 23.—Presi
dent J. J. Hill of the Great Northern
Railway, J. Pierpont Morgan and other
tCew York financial men, are understood
on. good authority to be back of a deal
to obtain the entire properties of the
Dunsmuir colleries In Briiish,.Columbla.
J. R. Lynch of New York, who is well
known as a confidential representative of
Morgan, is here, and to-day showed . to
several railroad men letters of credit ag
gregating $100,000 with which he is to make
the first payment binding the deal that in
volves nearly $5,000,000. When President
Hill was in Seattle last week' Lynch went
there and had a conference with him.
New York Syndicate to
Get the Vancouver
Collieries.
BUYING A VAST
COAL DISTRICT
Tribute to Departed Members.
t'pon motion of Past Grand President
Decker a committee of three was appoint
ed to draw suitable resolutions to the
memory of the late past grand president,
M. A. Dorn. A similar committee for the
late Stephen M. White, J. J. Jamison and
W. G. Hawkins was provided. M. T. Dool
ing delivered an eloquent eulogy of Ste
phen M. White, referring to him as a
statesman of whom the Native Sons
might well bo proud.
When the Fpecial order set for 2 p. m.,
concerning the place of meeting of next
Grand Parlor, came up, L. H. Mooser
ppoko in favor of San Francisco. His mo
tion was voted down and Santa Cruz was
chosen, on motion of Frank Mattison.
On the question of amending the con
stitution regarding limiting future mem
bers to persons born previous to Septem
ber 9, 1900, or their lineal descendants,
there was a long debate. It was opened
by W. H. Devlin, who made an eloquent
Iteiu-ilved. That the Grand Parlor, at its twen
ty-fourth annual cession, at Santa Barbara,
most earnestly declares ltB Indorsement of the
sentiments expressed In the foregoing preamble,
and recommends to the subordinate parlors
throughout the State that they give their seri
ous consideration at all times to the best means
it eTicourvment to our home Industries; that
they lend their Intelligent efforts to that end
without discrimination as to classes. Individ
uals, firms or corporations.
VHierpaB. It Is the duty of every citizen of
the State to engage by force of example and
by all other reasonable effort and pride in
Stcte manufactures and patronage of home
j»nxlucts In preference to those coming from
without the State, price and quality being
wjual: t»? it
May this, the twenty-fourth annual session
of the Grand Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden \\>?t. be all that your heart deslret,
and may those who 'constitute the grand body
look back In after years with pride and de
clare it to ' be the grandest Grand Parlor in
the history of the order. Sincerely and fra
teraaJly. LAURA J. FKAKES.
Grand Secretary. N. D. G. W.
A telegram of -fraternal greetings
from the Red Men, signed by F. D. Bran
don, great sachem, was read. ,
The following resolution, signed 'by D.
A. Curtin. Stanford No. 76: C. G. Slelger,
Stanford No. 76: G. L. Jones. Quartz No.
56. and H. G. Lichtenberger, Ramona No.
109, was introduced: •. <
Whereas. As elevation to the State of Cali
fornia and to its best interest is among the
foremost principles of this order; and ¦ '., .
W»ierea*. The material welfare of our people
end the future greatness of our State depend
upon fostering, protecting and upholding the
manufacturing and producing industries of the
gtate; oul
The Grand' Parlor settled down to work
this morning. Following the rollcall the
following telegram of greeting was read:
SANTA BARBARA, April 23.— Santa
Cruz was to-day selected as the next
meeting-place of the Grand Parlor, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, winning
"hands down" from San Francisco.
At the Arlington this evening occurred
the grand ball. The ballroom was crowd
ed, but Joy reigned among the guests. The
spacious room had been fittingly deco
rated with colors of the order.
To-morrow will be the big day of the
week. Business houses will close and most
of the town will go to the barbecue at
Canada de Veras, eighteen miles west. A
special train will leave here at 10 a. m.
In the morning will occur the grand pa
rade. Don Dixie Thompson, representing
the Pioneers, will lead the way. Follow
ing In the order arranged will come Grand
Marshal Robbins and his aids. Ventura's
band will head the first section, preceding
Santa Barbara Parlor No. 11G, and a band
of Cabrlllo Parlor No. 114. At the Armory
the Grand Parlor and the visiting natives
will be formed Into a fourth section. The
line will contain more than 1000 persons.
At its head, borne by Samuel Stickles, a
veteran, the flag which Fremont brought
to Santa Barbara will be given to the
breeze. This emblem has been in the fam
ily of the late Thomas Martin, a promi
nent Pioneer of this city, who was a sol
dier under Fremont.
Ball at the Arlington.
At the start Santa Barbara won the toss
and elected to a knockdown field. On the
throw-in the ball was captured by Wick
enden and passed for a short run down
field. It was then catpured by Praed and
cleverly carried up fleid with fine strokes
and. placed in good position for Norton,
who made first goal for Riverside. Time,
4 minutes. • '•¦-.¦'
Upon the throw-in, Riverside seized the
ball and made a line run for Santa Bar
bara's goal, but goal was cleared by Ea
land and Fernald made first goal for
Santa Barbara. Total time, 13:20.
:Thtn.hard work began and the excellent
team work of the Riversides resulted in a
victory for them by a score of 4 to 9. The
last period was the most hotly contested
of all. While Santa Barbara showed fine
individual work, the superior team play
of Riverside quickly became evident. The
work of Norton of Riverside was the best
ever seen In Santa Barbara, while the
other members of his team did excellent
service. Ealand of Santa Barbara per
formed marvelously, in spite of the con
stant Interference of Norton. His strong
hitting and steady defense drew great ap
plause.
The Grand Parlor members and Visitors
attended and enjoyed the/ polo game this
afternoon between Santa Barbara ' and
Riverside. . The game was jcalled -at 3
o'clock, and from the start was Interest-
Ing. Riverside's team was composed of
J. Norton,' H. Praed, C. Dole and C. Coul
son. Santa Barbara's team was E. Wick
enden, Charles Fernald. R. C. Rogers and
Charles Ealand.
appeal in favor of the adoption of his
amendment. He referred to the organiza
tion -of the Sons and Daughters of the
West, and deplored the fact, saying that
if the Native Sons' constitution had been
what it should be this order would never
have been necessary. - .i .. < -
Natives Watch a Polo. Game. -
For several months Gilbert Brothers
have been paying interest on time depos
its, as high as tt per cent being offered.
The largest depositor Is said to be a Polk
County farmer, who has $3600 tied up.
Rumors of the impending litigation
caused many business men to witndraw
deposits the past two months. The opin
ion Is general among well Informed men
that If Mary Johnson's suit should end
in Gilbert Brothers' favor the bank will
pay dollar for dollar. One pathetic fea
ture ot tho failure is that It ties up some
$1500 saved by school children.
F. N. Gilbert last Saturday transferred
his residence to A. Bush, the considera
tion being $5000, and to-day A. T. Gilbert
assigned a $5000 mortgige to John
Hughes. It Is asserted that some credi
tors are befng preierred or being given
collateral security. Gilbert Brothers are
rated by the commercial agencies at $80,
000 and this is accounted a fairly accur
ate estimate. They have conducted a
banking and brokerage business here for
twenty-one years. About ten years aso
they opened a bank in Moscow, Idaho,
F. N. Gilbert conducting it and A. T. Gil
bert the Salem concern.
PORTLAND, April U.— Judge Bellinger
to-day made an order requiring the Gil
berts and Tilmon Ford to appear on
Thursday, April 25, to show cause why a
receiver should not be appointed.
The Gilberts were confidential agents ot
William Gosper, a wealthy farmer, who
died ten years ago. After his death they
and Tilmon Ford, a Salem lawyer, who
was executor, managed the estate. Yes
terday in the United States court at Port
land Mary Johnson, a daughter of Cosper,
brought suit against the Gilberts and
Ford for an accounting and for the ap
pointment of a receiver: She charged
that the. Gilberts had grown rich by ap
propriating funds ic themselves which
should have gone to her father's estate,
and that the estate was reasonably worth
$350,000, while they had inventoried It at
only $48,000. •*
About forty depositors were In front of
the bank at the opomng hour this morn
ing, but there was no demonstration and
what little excitement there was was sub
dued.
SALEM. Or., April 23.— Gilbert Brothers*
bank in this city failed to open its doors
this morning.- and a notice was posted
stating that this course had been taken
because of pending litigation and for th'j
purpose of protecting depositors. No
official statement cf Its condition was
given out, but- from faiFly accurate
sources it is learned that the deposits
amount to $125,000.
It is asserted that when the bank closed
Its doors last night there was little more
than $1000 on hand. Heavy withdrawals
were made last week. The "Gilberts tried
to raise money to tide them over, but did
not succeed, for tho reason that there
was doubt about thoir title to the securi
ties, which they offered. All their prop
erty was thrown inio litigation yesterday
by a suit brought in the United States
court at Portland.
Special Dispatch, to . The Call.
Declares That They Grew
Rich Off Estate of Her
Dead Father.
Files Charges of Fraud
Against Two Salem
Financiers.
WOMAN'S SUIT
CLOSES A BANK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Devlin's Proposed Amendment- Regulating
the Qualifications Necessary for Member
ship the Subject of a Warm Debate
GRAND PARLOR VOTES TO HOLD
NEXT SESSION IN SANTA CRUZ
VICTIMS OF THE JANUARY BLIZZARDS
ON NOME COAST NUMBER BUT SEVEN
Three Physicians Among Those Whose Frozen Bodies Are
Found on the Trails-- Dr. Pelton of Oakland Perishes
While Traveling Between Spruce Greek and Solomon
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL , 24, 1901.
day, January 19. Two unknown men were
• found dead near Mary's Igloo."
OAKLAND, April 23.— Dr. Pelton, ,one
of the victims of the Nome blizzard, was
* a son of Margaret B. Pelton of 682 Twen
ty-fifth street. Three years ago he de
termined to cast his lot with the miners
of Alaska. He left for St. Michael and
since • that time has been variously em
ployed in the Far North as a worker of
claims. ' , .
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . - ,
Cleanse
Your Blood
The cause of all sprinsr humors,
pimples . and eruptions, as well as of
that tired feeling and poor appetite, i*
found in impure, depleted blood.
The perfect blood purifier is Hood's
Sarsaparilla, as n Mltitudes know by ex-
perience.
It cures all blood diseases, from the
smallest pimple to the stubborn scrofula
sore — from morning tiredness to ex*
trefne .nervous prostration.
Begin taking it TO-DAY.
Hoods
Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Sprine Medicine.
Pure blood results from wholesome food
thoroughly digested. Impure blood results
J from poor digestion end assimilation
"When the stomach refuses to work prop-
erly the food remains too lonp a time
fermenting, forming gases, shown by
sour, bitter taste In the mouth, bloating
and belching of pas, and distress and dis-
comfort generally. Poor blood, weak
'nerves, sleeplessness and a general don't
care feeling can always be. traced -to im-
perfect digestion.
This is . the reason why Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are. superior to all other
rpriner medicines and blood purifiers.
They give perfect digestion; the food does
not lie In the stomach for hours. They
give a vigorous appetite, sound sleep
Ftrong nerves, and wholesome food well
digested makes pure blood, and in no
other way can the blood be purified. The
Idea that a medicine, in itself, will purify
the blood when the stomach and diges-
tive organs are out of crder Is nonsense.
¦Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are used by
.thousands in preference to "bitters,"
"after dinner pills" and "blood purifiers"
because they remove the cause of the Im-
pure blood, and you do not have to taice
them forever to get results. Dyspepsia
Is an obstinate disease to cure and a
•remedy must be designed especially for
It and nothing else. Cure-alls will not
cure dyspepsia. . V.. •'.
1 Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are not
claimed to cure everything or anything
except Dyspepsia and stomach troubles,
and for that it stands alone among pat-
ent medicines. Any one suffering from
any trouble with their digestion will nnd
these tablets will give immediate relief
and a permanent cure.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are pre-
pared by the F. A. Stuart Co. of Mar-
shall, Mich., and sold by druggists every-
where at B0 cents per package. No diet-
ing nor change of habits is required; they
<Ji«rest the food. . .
The spring: of the year is the time for
Wood purifiers. It Is the season when we
think we must dose ourselves with sarsa-
parillas, bitters and the endless list of so-
called blood purifiers and nerve tonics
An a matter of fact, there is but one
possible way in which to purify the blood
and that is through the stomach and
bowels.
A . Popular Remedy for Dyspepsia
Which Has Made Many Re-
markable Cures.
SLEEP, STRONG NERVES.
GIVE PEEFECT DIGESTTON,SOUNT>
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How It Is Done
With
Malt Breakfast Foofl
Amongst the vast variety of breakfast
grain foods scld. Malt Breakfast Food has
taken first place, and easily ranks as the
most delicious and healthful of foods.
Not only does Malt Breakfast Food
furnish the most palatable breakfast dish
for the benefit of brain and body, but
many choice palate-tickling dishes can b«
made from the popular cereal that will
prove of great value In establishing di-
gestive vigor. ¦ •:,:-^ ¦¦
After you have procured a package or
Malt Breakfast Food from your grocer,
send your addresc and we will mall you
booklet giving recipes for making bread,
griddle cakes, sweet cakes, buns, rolls,
muffins, custard, etc.. from Malt Break-
fast Food. The Malted Cereals Company.
Burlington, Vt. '
§Stp'etly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
&co.
Diseases nnd
f*\Veaknc:so?
By ar the greater number of patients seek-
ing relief ror *o-culle.l weaknesa are strons:
robust men in every other respect. tottW
that i-nuotency. Prematurenens. etc.. are set
weakmS*«» but the .ymptoms of Inflammatory
Jrocesse" In the Prostate Gland (so called neck
Of bladder) caused by contracted disorder* and
early deration, is row beln B adopted by t»i
leading specialists of the world, and that bn?-
bear "Weakness of Men." Is removed Trcm th*
lUt of incurable disorders. Even the tajrmaa
can understand that tontcs cannot cure inRarn-
matlon and these cases, under their ailminl.*.
toUle* V> Tom bad to worse. Under cur
local plan of treatment, directed towarJ re-
dudnK the enlarged and swollen Prostate Im-
mediate result*, as Indicated by Increased cir-
culation and renewed strength, are observed.
Our colored chart of the organs, which w-»
Bend free on application. Is Interesting to any
one wishing to study the anatomy of tha ma.e.
997 MARKET STREE * . Cor. Mxth
When Prof. Munyon says his Rhennrattfm
Cure will cure rheumatism there isn't any guess-
work about it— there isn't any false statement about
it. It cures without leaving any ill effects. It is a
splendid stomach and nerve tonic, as well as a posi-
tive cure for rheumatism.
All the Munyon remedes are just as reliable, 15c.
vial. The Guide to Health is free. Munyon, New
York and Philadelphia.
BUXYO.VS IXHALEB CUBES CATABBH. <
Pv^j'^/^J"' SAME SHAPE . jQnSBnHS
|&$13a^w, two qualities ~-^ibmoeI
World Famous in.anani ?ouai
"Unequaled in cases of Nervous
Depression, Melancholy, Brain Ex-
haustion, Fatig'ie and Sleepless-
ness."
"Nourishes, strengthens, sustains,
refreshes."
All Drulifc!*t^ Refuse Substitutes
DR.MEYEBS&CO. 0§&\.
Specialists. Dls- V
ease and Weakness i&tz/r
of men. Estab- Jm?W.
lished 1SS1. Consul- |fi X^> ykif
tation and private vJSJy. I >(~Al
book free, at ofllce v *WiJH ; !?C?S.1
or by mail. Cures vrJikdli+r^Slf
nuaranteed. ~l\\ rJwftSSiu'wjl
Market street (ele- JL^t!SEL*> i( 5>*'
vator entrance;, ySNv /f|viSffi**v
San Francisco. .^£SlKS&ifr29S&X<3»
DR.PIERCE'S "
GOLDEN i ''
MEDICAL - iV
HMSCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.1IVER.LUMGS.
VJ^JfrSSSF INJECTION. 5
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea e)
> and Gleet, frnaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
< days : nc other treatment required. - 5
K Sold by all druggists. ]p
DTJ TTOUUO FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Xi t"i II iXiLO ers, bootblacks, bath-
** A * w »**'»*""^ bouses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannen.
dyers. flounnllU, foundries, laundries, paper-
ban«ers. printers, painters, shoe factories. «a-
Metnen. tar-roofers, tanner* tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento SE
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop tho Car's of Gonorrhoea, Glosta.
Stricture* «nd analoiomcomolalnti
off tha Orftans oi Generation.
Price II a bottle. For *ale by druscots.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RS-
modeled and lenovated. KINO. WAl:L> A
CO. European plaa. Itocms, S«c to Jl M day;
M| to 13 week; 13 to $20 month. Free baths; ho;
' and cold water every room; tire grate* in every
room: elevator runs all Dichu ..- .
\A/. T. HESS,
; K0TABT PUBLIO A1TD ATT0K5IT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckeia Cidg.
-i • . Telephone Brawn 931. ' ~
Residence, 821 California St., below PowoU.
¦*«v» V,anH«rn.Named.
NEW TORK, April 23 —The Very Rev.
John O'Connor, Vicar General, has been
appointed to the bishopric of Newark,
made vacant by the death of Bishop W.
Wigger.
Archbishop Corrigan late to-day received
a cablegram from Rome to that effect.
The cablegram also contained the an
nouncement that the Very Rev. William
O'Connell, at present rector of the Amer
ican College at Rome, had been appointed
by- hlsrHoliness to become Bishop of Port
land, Maine. ¦ . .
Very Rev. John O'Connor and Very
Rev. William O'Connell Are
POPE APPOINTS NEW BISHOPS
TO NEWARK AND PORTI,AHT»
"Tug" Davis, &nfl U famous tha world
ever fer his uhlll as & heneman ana
Bwordsman, lift baa defeatetl the eraeK
men ©f many fereien armies in meunted
eentesw end is leaked «©on as the eham
nlen H\vord!*man ©f the werld, lilt reeov<l
in the United States army ig ft brilliant
ene and emUraeea a periea ©f twonty-ent
year*. He has been a medel saldier and
has the enviable reeerrt ©f having served
a ieere ©f years without having ft eharg«
©f any utna preferred against him aM
©f never h&vinff been under arrest.
Colonel Has Confidence in Dnvls.
colonel Rawles places itnpliett faith in
Davis a.nd believes that the charge of
He approaches you as a supplicant for par
don, asking that his brave deeds and shattered
health be accepted as atonement for the crime
of which he stands legally convicted. The his
tory of the world is full of • circumstances
where transgressions of the law In cases of
the , gravest character and consequences
have been condoned ' by signal public
service in time of war or great emer
gency. Many cases may be found in the
records of our civil war where a good record
as a soldier brought immunity from punish
ment for previous transgressions. Had Wolf
son's name been untarnished, his military
services and devotion to duty at the time of
the Chinese crisis doubtless would have com
mended him to you for recognition. This is
not my own deduction: it Is so stated by Ma
jor Knight's report. ' If he has earned honor
ana advancement which it is not seemly to be
stow, would it not be a peculiarly gracious
act to remove from him, so far as you can.
the consequences of his offense? It seems so
to me, and, therefore. I recommend that the
application for pardcj be granted.
Tho case 1b in many respects a remark*
able one, and has attracted considerable
attention. Wolfson waa a prominent law*
yer in New Orleans before the failure of
the bank in 1S3G and had been a depositor
In the institution for. many years prior
to that time. Of the missing funds he
was charged with having obtained $19,000.
The long legal battle which to-day ended
in Wolfson's pardon then began. Wolf
son had the aid of powerful ana influential
friends. The case was appealed to the
Circuit Court of Appeals, which affirmed
the decision of the lower court, and was
then carried to the Supreme Court. Mean
time Wolfson continued the practice of
his profession in New Orleans until the
breaking out of * the Spanish-American
war. Being then under sentence, with his
case still pending in the Supreme Court,
he enlisted in the volunteer army, with
the coi»^;^t of the Attorney General and
the Se«*«wary of War, and served until
Februai^, 1899, when he was mustered
out. He then enlisted In the regulars and
went to the Philippines, where he served
until October, 1900, when he was invalided
home. In January of the present year
the Supreme Court refused the writ of
certiorari and Wolfson applied for execu
tive clemency. He still has about one
year to serve in the regular army before
his term of service expires. He expects
to return to the Philippines immediately
and rejoin his regiment.
In recommending the pardon to the
President Attorney General Knotf-said:
WASHINGTON, Aprtl 83,-=Th§ Presl*
deht te«day pardoned Jeseph N, Welfeen,
who was eenvieted in 1883 ef belnt in eel*
ktstuu With the bookkeeper ef the UntOU
National Hank ef New Orleans in th©
embeftBlement of $040,000 of the funds of
the bank, and who waa uenteneed to eight
years' imprisonment.
On Gaining His Freedom He
Will Serve, Out Hia
Army Term.
Man Convicted of Crime
Receives President's
Clemency,
GRANTS PARDON
TO EMBEZZLER
World-Famous Swordsman Is Accused of
Demanding Money From Merchants for
Privilege of Entering Presidio to Solicit
SERIOUS CHARGE IS PREFERRED
AGAINST CORPORAL OWEN DAVIS
CHECKS PLOTS
OF ANARCHISTS
Federal Government Is
Taking Most Active
Measures.
Polio© Will Keo]3 a Strlot
Watcjh on Suspeotod
Assassins.
; \
VvwM eu&&Uh te Th« Call.
GALL BUREAU, 1498 O 8TRBET, N.
W,, WASHINGTON, April 81-Acttv*
measures have been taken by the Federal
Government to prevent tho sueeeia of
plots hatched by anaiehtsts tn the United
Bt&teft against tho lives of European
rulers.
Aa a result of diplomatic representations
made to the State Department Secretary
of State Hay, through the Governors of
New York and New Jersey and other
States, has communicated with the police
of cities and seaports requesting them to
keep under surveillance all persons known
to have connection with anarchical so
cieties and to prevent the departure from
the United States of any person or per-
Bons who may be suspected of having
been chosen to slay foreign potentates.
The attention of the police of New York
and Paterson, N. J., has been especially
called to the necessity of exercising the
utmost vigilance.
It was learned to-day that this Govern
ment was asked several months, ago to
make a statement of its position with
reference to the suppression of anarchists.
Some of the powers of Europe would like
the United States to enter . Into an ar
rangement which would permit the ap
prehension and imprisonment of all per
sons known to be connected with an
archical societies. The American consti
tution permits freedom of speech and the
administration believes that it is much
wiser to permit persons having anarchical
views to express them, so that they can
be more easily watched, than to cause
them to meet in secret and thus escape
detection until the crimes they contem
plate have been accomplished. It is
doubtful If this Government would be
willing to bind, itself to any course of
action with respect to the apprehension
of pers6ns suspected of being affiliated
with anarchical societies.
GREAT NORTHERN NOT
AFTER FRUIT TRAFFIC
Nevertheless It Will Handle All That
Coast Steamships May
Bring.
EVERETT, Wash.. April 23.— Second
Vice President D. Miller of the Great
Northern, when asked to-day regarding
future orange shipments from California
by the Great Northern, replied:
"We do not wane tne shipments and
the fruit traffic rightfully belongs to the
southern roads for they can-reach the
East in a more direct line; further than
that the volume of fruit coming north
would not be great enough to cause our
line sufficient financial gain to enter into
eny competition with the Southern Pa
cific and Santa Fe. Our road does not
want the fruit shipments, though we wiil
take what the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company brings us."
leaves the Catholic "Onion.
LONDON, April 23.— A dispatch from
Vienna to the Express asserts that as an
outcome of the violent agitation, Arch
duke Francis, the heir-apparent, has, at
the command of the Emperor, severed hla
connection with the Catholic Union.
Tarnassi May Be Delegate.
ROME, April 23.— It is understood here
that Monsignor Tarnassi, the present nun
cio at The Hague, has been selected as
apostolic delegate to the United States.
Seven Bitten by One Dog.
DENVER, April 23. — Seven persons were
seriously bitten by a bulldog at Thirty
fourth and Lafayette streets in this city
to-day. The injured are two little daugh
ters of Ives Van Schaack, a druggist,
Ruth, aged 5, and Sophia, aged 7; Mrs.
C. S. Morrison, John Kilker, Michael Ens
mlnger, I. D. Francis and an unknown
boy. The dog first attacked little lluth
Van Schaack, badly lacerating her arm
and face. The others went to ner rescue
and were bitten on the hands.
Eulalia.
LONDON*, April 23.— Don Antonio de
Bourbon has written to a friend her© that
he has secured the services of one of the
most distinguished advocates in Madrid in
order to secure a divorce from the Infanta
Bulalia. The Infanta and Don Antonio of
Orleans were married In 1SS6. The Infanta
visited the United States during the
"World's Fair as a representative of the
Queen Regent of Spain. Last June it was
stated the Infanta and Antonio had been
legally separated and a decree been signed
before the Spanish Consul General at
Paris.
Don Antonio de Bourbon Will Soon
Bfgin Proceedings Against
DESIRES A I DIVORCE
FKOM THE INFANTA
Protection.
CHARTRES, Department of Eure-et-
Loci, France, April 23.— Suspicion in the
brutal murder of five children, aged re
spectively 14, 11, 7, 5 and 4, which occurred
here yesterday at a farm In the neighbor
hood, now falls upon the father of the
children. It is suggested that the father
murdered the children in a fit of drunken
madness, as he spent the evening- in drink
ing and as no Iraee of the alleged tramps
has been found. It is a strange fact that
while the children were killed with a ham
mer or bludgeon, their father was only
stabbed and his wounds were slight. The
knife with which these wounds were made
belongs to the house and a bloodstained
jacket belonging to Briere, the father
was discovered in the courtyard, hidden
under some straw. Briere was confronted
with the corpses of his children late yes
terday afternoon, and was afterward ar
rested.
Owns Knife With Which He Said
He Was Stabbed in Their
SUSPICION OP AWFUL ACT
RESTS ON" THE FATHER
CALL BUnKAr, UM G STREET, N*.
\\\. WASHINGTON. April W.-Seventy
fix ihoueand men will eomprlms the army
tif Hie United Slates. A decision flxtiiB
i he strength of the military arm at one
poldlcr for every thousand clttuens, an
recommended by Lieutenant General
MilcB, was announced by Secretary ltoot
this arternoon. The men will be distrib
uted as follows, If the recommendations
of General Miles are adopted: Philip
pines, 30,000; United States, 40,000; Cuba,
UKW; Porto lllco and Hawaii, 1U00.
AKUinaldo'6 capture and his manifesto
to the Filipinos will have such satisfac
tory and immediate effect that General
Miles believes that the force in the Phil
ippines can be reduced to the number ho
contemplates. The Adjutant General's of
tfee believes that this should be at least
•40,000. but General Miles holds that the
conditions do not require such a force,
and, furthermore, the number of men
fixed for the United States is absolutely
needed to garrison fortifications and posts
in the interior of the country.
Under General Miles' plan the army will
be thus distributed among the three arms:
Infantry, 38,440; artillery, 18,912; cavalry.
J!>,300. The hospital corps, engineer bat
talion, etc., will number 33,444.
The strength of the Infantry company
twill remain at 104, as at present. Com
panies in the Philippines which have a
larger number of men on their rolls will
be reduced. A troop of cavalry now has
100 men. It will be reduced to 85. A bat
tery of field artillery will consist of 1C0
men and a battery of coast artillery of
103. Practically all of the artillery will
be stationed in the United States, and at
least 21.000 of the home regiments will
consist of infantry and cavalry. It is the
purpose of the department to withdraw
the artillery now in Havana. A couple of
batteries now In the United States will be
sent to Havana to take its place. This
will be a slight reduction In the American
force In Cuba, -which will be followed by
further withdrawals in the future.
r;-r. '..->! 1 •>;¦*!. !¦ 1.' Tilt Call.
Proposod Distribution of tho
Troopo ia Now Poesea
oiono and at Homo.
Strength of the Regular
Army Announced by
Root.
ONE SOLDIER
TO THOUSAND
Following our usual custom during this
month we will close out a lot of odd
framed pictures at exactly one-half price.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Pictures at Half -Price.
BERLIN, April 23.— Semi-official corre
spondence emanating from persons near
Dr. von Miquel, the Prussian Minister of
Finance, admits that the British sugar
duty will stop the export of German su
gar to the United States by way of Eng
land in order to avoid the countervailing
duties. . ¦'"'/ V
Stops Export of German. Sugar.
To-morrow at the Bankrupt Shoe Sale,
1506 Market street, $3.30 ladies' dress shoes,
up-to-date styles, for $1.65 a pair. At the
Bankrupt Shoe Sale of the California,
1306 Market street, above City Hall ave. *
Come Along.
The \constitutional convention has never
vcted on or rejected the Platt amendment
This I can state positively, notwithstanding
tho reports to the contrary which have been
sent to the United States . from Havana
Things have been cabled here which had not
the shehtest foundation in fact, which de
scribed strained relations between the repre
sentatives of the United States and those of
the Cuban people. Everything has been, har
monious since I went to Cuba, and the con
vention now in session is a thoroughly repre
sentative one. Before the Platt amendment
was passed by Congress the Cubans knew the
desires of this Government on the Issues
which the amendment contains, because they
were submitted to them through the execu
tive. Intervention and the establlshme nt of
naval stations are two things Which they do
not properly comprehend, and I .think that
when they are fully explained in Washington
the only indication of ¦- a difference : of opinion
will have ¦ been , removed. • •• ¦ ¦
The members of the commission represent
all the different groups of i Cubans composing
the constitutional convention. They have
come to the United States for the purpose
of conferring with Mr. McKinley on matters
which the convention does not thoroughly un
derstand -and when they return and make
their report. I am convinced that there will
be a thorough understanding on all sides of
the controversy.
As soon as the .steamer was made fast
to its pier General Wood, his wife and
secretary were transferred to the tugboat
President and carried to Jersey City in
time to catch the 7:45 train for Washing
ton. General Wood raid:
NEW TORK, April 23.— General Leon
ard A. Wood, Governor General of Cuba
with Mrs. Wood and his private secretary
arrived here to-night on the Ward liner
Morro Castle. General Wood, who ex
pects to return to Havana on Thursday
by way of Jacksonville, Fla.. has made
the hurried trip to this country for the
purpose of introducing to President Mc-
Kinley, before the latter leaves Washing
ton for the Pacific Coast, the five mem
bers of the special commission on foreign
relations appointed by the Cuban consti
tutional convention.
I do not mean to say that in th© event in
dependence ia not granted war or revolution
would follow, but there would be no sym
pathy, no friendliness between thex peoples.
It may be said that a small element of
Spaniards, from a purely commercial motive
favor annexation, but the wleh for inde
pendence Is felt by many Cubans and Span
lards alike. These Spaniards who favor an
nexation are not Impelled by any love for tho
United States. They hate Americans, but
they seem to wish some sort of guarantee as
to their property and business Interests.
Peace with the Americans without the In
dependence of Cuba is impossible— I mean
moral peace. . .
Mnety-nins per cent of the Cuban people
desire absolute independence. It is their wish
that military occupation by the United States
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., April 23.— The
Cuban constitutional committee which ar
rived here last night left to-day for Wash
ington. General Rafael Portuondo, one
of the committee, defined Cuba's position
as follows:
General Wood Says All
Is Harmonious in
Cuba.
AMENDMENT
NOT VOTED ON
bribery was preferred out of spite and
is due to Davis' faithfulness in carrying
out his orders. . .
Corporal Davis was seen yesterday and
when informed of the Issuance of the or
der for his arrest and of the serious
charge made against him was greatly
surprised. He said, pointing to the order
posted on a. bulletin board:
"I have obeyed that order to the letter
and this is the result, I suppose. I have
been too long in the service to risk a
good reputation for a few dollars ¦ and
don't fear an investigation.
"The. face of every man who has been
dealing with the soldiers is familiar to
me and I know their methods. Some of
the men have passes and I allow , them
in. Those that have not are kept out and
it is my duty . to see that they remain
out.
"Those who have not been lucky enough
to secure a pass have resorted to all sorts
of schemes to get one and have not suc
ceeded, owing to my efforts, and I look
on their charge as an effort to secure
my removal from the post of provost ser
geant. I know every man who has a right
to enter this reservation and have suc
ceeded in preventing an abuse of the priv
ilege. My removal is what these 'graft
ers' are after, and their charges do not
bother me in the least."
THE FAMOUS BROADSWORDS
MAN, WHO IS CHARGED
WITH ACCEPTING BRIBES.
Fireman Cadaars' bond was fixed in the
Police Court to-day at $2000. The cases
will come up for a hearing in court prob
ably to-morrow. When detectives ar
rested Cadaar the latter carried a lunch
basket, in which were found almost &
thousand punched tickets, " supposed to
have been taken from the furnace at the
company's plant, where the tickets are
usually destroyed. Later detectives found
4000 tickets «f the same kind in a trunk
at his home. Cadaar is married and Is 38
years old. His was the first arrest. He
made a frank admission of his part In the
affair and told the detectives that others
were in it with him.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— Systematic
frauds practiced on the lines of the Wash
ington Traction and Electric Company to
an extent of probably $50,000 have been
discovered and eight of the employes, six
of whom are conductors and two firemen,
are under arrest on a charge of conspir
acy. The- men arrested are George W.
Cadaar and Richard Williams, firemen;
Oliver A- Gardner, Edward Parker, George
W. Blair, John J. Keating, John N. Mey
ers and John W. Dodson, conductors. The
operations, it Is claimed, have been going
on for several months. The punched
tickets turned in by the conductors are
first checked up "at the offices and then
burned by the employes. The investiga
tion that has been in progress, it is stated,
discloses that many of the tickets, instead
of being destroyed, were saved and sold
to conductors at 51 per 100, and that the
conductors who bought them substituted
them for good tickets. This ¦was done by
turning in the old tickets to the company
at the close of each day, the same number
of good tickets being retained in the pock
ets of those who were in the conspiracy.
It is also alleged that in many cases the
number of fares rung up and the number
of passengers on trips have shown a wide
divergence.
Street Railway Employes
Are Accused of
Conspiracy.
CLAIM CARMEN
PRACTICE FRAUD
The price of the corporal's blind
ness is stated to b© a high one. On
one occasion it is said he demanded $25
from a merchant who had bills amount-
Ing to but 550 to collect. The merchant
refused to pay and was not allowed in the
camp. The stories of Corporal Davis' al
leged crookedness were brought to the at
tention of Colonel Rawles, and he detailed
Lieutenant Carleton to investigate the
charges. No proof could be obtained that
Davis had been bribed and the affair was
dropped for a time. The merchants, how
ever, were not satisfied and brought the
charges to headquarters and the order for
the arrest of Corporal Davis followed.
Davis is better known as Sergeant
His Alleged Price a High One.
OWEN DAVIS, cham
// plon broadswordsman of the Unt
il . ted States army, and a victor in
many contests with some of the
most skillful swordsmen in Euro
pean armies, has been ordered under ar
rest at the Presidio. His arrest brings
out a story o£ alleged crooked work in
connection with his duties as provost ser-
Reant at the Presidio.
The charge which caused Davis' arrest
emanates from a clothing dealer at the
Presidio and is a direct result of the \e
cent maltreatment of the collectors In the
camp of the Thirtieth Infantry. In his
official capacity Davis was entrusted with
the carrying out of the order issued by
Colonel R&wles, which prevented the mer
chants and others from entering: the
reservation for the purpose of soliciting
trade. According to one of the merchants
he has allowed favored ones to enter the
gTounds and has been paid for his failure
to see them as they entered the grates.
It is alleged that he has demanded money
cf them on numerous occasions, and their
refusal to pay has always resulted in their
being kept from, the camp.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1901.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
Jl^. wharf, San Francisco:
|p?S»*«i^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a, m..
'.tfj&ggafc April 21. 28, May 1. Change to
XiKp'vS'SBK Company's steamers at Se-
'^1 ff&Sw 5ttl "For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
ES6-~nW«<naj C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
Hl^^B&aaK Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortes
and N * ew Whatcom fWash.)—
a. m.. April 21. 23, May land
everv nfth day thereafter. ; Change at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. April
18 23 '6 May 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-<
teiejO-Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays 9 am.
Vor Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
e™.' Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
la"t San Pedro (Los Angles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
"'F^r'^nsenaaa, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
<-abo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
Ma s'nd Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m.. 7th each
m For h ' further Information obtain company's
f0| nfe S 'company reserves the right to change
Bteamers. salHnr dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —1 New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel). _
GOOD ALL, PERKINS k CO.. Gen. Agts.,
j 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
OCEAN TRAVEL.
, Pacific Coast. Steamship Co.
Bk. FOP
m NOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 28
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid .,'.'.
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator made flve trips to Nome last
year., being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mlshan or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODAU* PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Asts..
19 Market Street.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PABI3.
; ' Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York May 1| New York May 22
St. Paul May 8 St. Paul May 23
St. Louis May tat St. Louis June S
RED STAR LINE. *
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Zeeland May 1 Pennland May tS
Friesland May S Kensington .....May 29
Southwark May 15 Zeeland June a
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
Ai>4&aral4> C € Pti Hmir> 2AM0 *- REn
oceaBics.s.to. ssssas
SS. MAItlPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. April 27, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday, April 23
SS. SIERRA, tor Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Thursday, May 9. 10 a. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS & BHOS. CO., Beasral Agents. 327 Market St
Sai'l Pasisnp: GISa, 643 Slirtet St., Pier Ka. 7, P"!i!i3 St
PANAMA .R.R.as"-'
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. *1O.1; Steeraze. # IO.
6. S. Argyll sails Saturday, May 11
6. S. ; sails Monday, May 20
6. 8. Leelanaw sails Monday. dune 3
' < From Harrlson-st. Wharf, 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. ¦ CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. •
EDITOItlAIi NOTICE.— If you have
der trouble, or if there is a trace of it in ;
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. N. Y., who wi
without cost to you, a sample bottle of S
of the thousands upon thousands of testii
wompn cured. In writing be sure to say t]
San Francisco Daily Call.
You may have a sample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy, 8w,amp-Root, sent
free by mail, postpaid, by which you may
test its virtues for such disorders as kid-
"I had been suffering severely from kidney
trouble. AH symptoms were on hand; my
former strength and power, had left me; I
could hardly drag: myself along. Even my
mental capacity was giving 1 out, and often I
wished to die. It was then I saw an advertise-
ment of yours In a New York paper, but would
not have paid any attention to it had it not
promised a sworn guarantee with every bottle
of your medicine, asserting that your Swamp-
Root is purely vegetable, and does not contain
any harmful druzs. I am 70 years and 4
months old. and with a good conscience I can
recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers from
kidney troubles. Four, members of my family
have been using Swamp-Root for four different
kidney diseases, with the same good results."
With many thanks to you. I remain,
Very truly yours.
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing- cases. Swamp-
Root will set your whole system right,
and the test proof of this is a trial.
14 West 117th St., New York City.
Dear Sir: October 15, 1900.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
der specialist. Hospitals use It with won-
derful success in both slight and severe
cases. Doctors recommend it to their pa-
tients and use it in their own families, be-
cause they recognize in Swamp-Root the
greatest and most successful remedy.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
for sale the world over at druggists In
bottles of two sizes and two prices— 5)
cents and Jl. Remember the name,
Swamp-Root, and the address, Bingham-
ton. N. Y.
the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
rour family history, send at once to. Dr.
ill gladly send you by mail, immediately.
tvamp-Root and a book containing many
monial letters received from men and
hat you read this generous offer in the
If your water, when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours, forms a sediment or set-
tling: or has a cloudy appearance, it is evi-
dence that your kidneys and bladder need
immediate attention.
ney, bladder and uric add diseases, poor
digestion, when obliged to pass your
water frequently night and day, smarting
or irritation in passing 1 , brlckdust or sedi-
ment in the urine, headache, backache.
lame back, dizziness, sleeplessness, ner-
vousness, heart disturbance due to bad
kidney trouble, skim eruptions from bad
blood, neuralgia, rheumatism, diabetes,
bloating, irritability, wornout feeling, lack
of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow complex-
ion or Bright's disease.
• . ¦ IjOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS GEO. 'W. KLDER.Salls Apr. 8. 18, 23. May 8
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.. S. F.
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
pcints, all rail or steamship and rail, at
PORTLAND, Or.,
Only Steamship Line to
O. R. & N. CO,
Weekly Call^l.OO par Year
PAGING STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
, -nd Cl\ SUp AVER1C».NA r EVAPO?B«!
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. • Sailing Fremont-
st. Wharf. 12 tn.
PERU ...May 2PALENA May SO
GUATEMALA.. .May 1SLOA '., June 12
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
charge at Acapulco or Panama.) , Freljrht and
pa^senper office, 315 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
' Steamer ," Monticello."
MON. TUES., "WED.. THURS. AND SAT.,
at i':G a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Tnur»-
*ay night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:3): Sundays.
10:30 a. m.. 8 p- m. Landing and office. Mts-
sicn-st. Deck. Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1S0S.
SAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AHO^LIEJOL
Dl-KKCri JjI.XJ^ 1U t±A\ Kti-tTAKltS. .« to
Sailing every Thursday. Instead or
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. - -**»'¦'¦«*
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. ££ and upward. Second class to
Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. S3
Broadway (Kinlson buildine). New York. J. K.
FUGAZI Sc CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avecue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
COMPAGNIE GSNSBALE TBAN3ATLAN7IQU2
STEAMKRS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioso), Xa&asakI and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
SS E NIPPON MARU ..Friday. May 3. 1301
SS AMERICA MART'. ."Wednesday. May 23. 1901
S^' HONGKONG MARU.. Saturday, June 22. 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
4'1 Market street, corner First.
. W. II. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
Sail ins Dates Approximate Only, v
From San Francisco: From Seattle:
?"Dora" May 1 May 7.
•'Conemaush"...May 25 June 10.
"Portland" May 29 _
"St. Paul".. June I June 8.
•"Dora" will sail via Juneau, Valdex, Kodlak,
Unga and Unalaska. ; ; >i ' ".
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ttculars apply to _...» '¦-¦ V
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
310 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
And St. Michael.
For Nome
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
Come in, look over our clothes, take, some sam-
ples home, examine them, compare them with others,
test them, select a pattern] that . pleases, then come in
for a measurement. If you are not entirely satisfied you
are only out the time actually required in looking into
the proposition. ¦* ';>
Could we do anything more to prove the value of
Suits for out-of--town customers satis factor/// made through our
self-measuring system— wr/fe for samples. ¦'.
718 Market Street and
Cpr. Powell ahd Eddy Streets.
We make suits to measure'from $10 to $30, and
the making is so thoroughly good that we guarantee
the clothes .by offering you your money back if you are
not satisfied. You don't hear of other tailors doing this.
We do it for two reasons—first, to estabiish.the faith we
have in the suits, and second 'to "protect trie customer.
Made=to=measure
AtS3F.'0>^*>-i tS m " « !• a non-polscnora
yVtrj5?*^ remedj for Gonorrhoea,
sfls2j*^CCttr.b^S2& Gleet, Spermatoirhaa,
JfTSSOrin 1»1 a&Ti.XSS White*, unnatnral dij-
JSOt Ouraaieea \g chars' • or inr inflamma-
ri*»J| cot to •trictari". tion, i ritation or ulc*ra-
ft*»-2 Prt»euu eonngioa. tion f in u coup mtm-
jj??aflTK£Ev<lKS CittWXnCa. b"^*- >"on-astriagent.
%fl53l C!t:C!WUT:,0 Fg£5J3 S 01 ** *»y BrocrlaU,
o. 8. *- "jPsaT or eent in pl»>n wrapr*r,
' «?-**1s^*!W_ .3 ** *xpre"*. prepaid, for
%>C*5**T 1 3*??K < IOO « tir 3 bottles. «2.73.
• " ™ n. :ul&r ecnt tn re<juost ,
" - _¦ PR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. tJ -^_- a
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Will
Do for YOU, Eysry Reader , of the "Call"^A?ay Have a
Sampls Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sick-
ness and suffering than any other disease, therefore, when
through neg'ect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys
most, because they do most and need attention first.
I! you are sick or "feel badly," bsgin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, bo-
cause as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
I B. KATSCHINSKI, I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GQ. I
j 10 THIRD ST., Sao Francisco. |
Tan Shoes $1.45
1 And Good Ones. 1
Now Is the time to bur Tan Shoes, fe
Summer Is rapidly approaching and |
the ladles desire somsthin* that I
will not show the dust or dirt and |
yet will be llzr.t and easy on the |
i feet. Here is a special offer— E
Ladies' Tan Kid Lace Shoes, new |
I coin toes and tips and pliable soles. |
reduced from E 00 to $1.45: sizes E
2\i to S: widths IS t'l E. I
Just out. SO-pase Illustrated Cat- I
alog-ue. Send *or one, E
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
j !D THIRD ST., Sao Ffsnclsco. IGOLF EXPERTS WHO WILL.
REPRESENT THE SOUTHERN
SECTION OF THE STATE.
For quality,' variety and prices see bur
trunks, valises, traveling bags, dress-suit
cases, belts, pocket-books, ' purses,, bill
books and letter cases.. Tour name In gold
letters free of charge. Sanborn, Vail- &
Co.. 741 Market street. • : ... •
Trunks and Valises.
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen sailing
every Sunday • and Wednesday for San
Diego, stopping ; only -at • Santa Barbara
andjLos Angeles ports. Improved service,
low 5 ' rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel.
Delightful Ocean Trips.
At the Bankrupt Shoe Sale
Tou can buy to-morrow $8.50 ladies'
dress shoes for $L65 a pair. This Is by
all means the best offer ever. made. 'Just
ttink! Stylish shoes, well made, of good
material. No uhoe store can afford to sell
them for less than $3.50. For $1.65 a pair
at the Bankrupt Shoe 6ale of the Califor
nia. 150G Market 6treet, above City, Hall
avenue. , •
Several witnesses were examined for
the defense in Judge Cook's court yester
day in the case of Albert Moody, the for
mer jockey, charged with assault to mur
der Mrs. Lulu St. D. Roylance on Julv 4
last. They all testified that Moody had
insane spells. Among them were several
horse-owners and Mrs. Clara A. Upham
mother of Mrs. Roylance. The defendant
also testified that he was Insane at the
time of the shooting. The case went to
the jury at 3:55 o'clock, and two hours
later that body returned a verdict con
victing the defendant of assault with a
deadly weapon.
Former Jockey Moody Convicted.
NEW YORK, April 23.— News has Just
reached this city of the massacre by a
band of Indians of many persons and the
destruction in Maranone, Brazil, of the
Roman Catollc mission established there
a few years ago by the Capuchin Fathers.
The mission was organized in 1S96. ! It
was in a desolate district, but the mis
sionaries had been most successful in their
efforts to evangelize the natives and had
already formed two orphan asylums, in
which they cared for the abandoned chil
dren of the wandering tribes of savages.
Although full details of the attack upon
the mission by hostile Indians are not
contained in the advice? received here, it
is said that four of the Capuchin Fathers,
all Italians from the province of Milan;
seven Capuchin Tertiary Sisters and more
thanaoo of their little charges were mas
sacred. '
Sale of the McCabe Mine.
PRESCOTT. Ariz., April 23.— Another
big mining deal was consummated to-day,
whereby Judge E: W. Wells • and W. C.
Parsons of Prescott, and Hugh McCrum
of San Francisco sold the McCabe mine
to a syndicate of Chicago capitalist?,
headed by Frank Jager, the young shingle
king of that city. The exact price paid is
not given out, but it is between $500,000
and 1600,000.
FEROCIOUS MASSACRE OE
PRIESTS BY INDIAN BANDS
The' captain and a portion of the crew,
the survivor adds, seized the boats and
abandoned the ship, stabbing and belab
oring with bludgeons the soldiers and pil
grims bound for Mecca, of which latter
there were 300 on board, who attempted
to enter the boats. A mad panic ensued,
many hurling themselves finto the water,
where they were drowned. At the expir
ation of forty-eight hours from the time
the transport went ashore boats from the
coast rescued the survivors.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 23— The lat
est reports show that from ISO to 200 men
were drowned or killed at the time of the
wreck of the Turkish transport Asian,
near Tembo, the first newB of which waa
telegraphed from Jiddah, Arabia, April 1.
According to the narrative of a survivor
there was savage fighting between the
sailors and soldiers for possession of the
few boats belonging to the transport. ,
"Wrecked Turkish Sailors
Stabbed Pilgrims in
Panic.
FOUGHT MADLY
IB TH E BOATS
General MacArthur to-day informed the
War Department that the transport Sheri
dan sailed April 22, via Nagasaki with
Generals John C. Bates and Fred D
Grant: sixty-six officers and 1823 enlisted
men of the . Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth
Secretary Root has announced that all
of the new regiments are to be sent to
the Philippines as soon as they get Into
proper- military condition for the relief
of the regular regiments which have been
in the Philippines for two years or over
It is not expected, however, that this
movement, which Is entirely Independent
of the movement of volunteers now in
progress, will begin for several months
It Is stated at the Quartermaster Gen
eral's office that ample jfacilities have
been provided for bringing home before
the first of July alhthe volunteer troons
in the Philippines. . ' . . v
Another change involves the transport
Lawton. That vessel also is to be with
drawn from the trans-Pacific service and
assigned permanently to the inter-island
service in the Philippines. She is now at
San Francisco and will leave for Manila
on the 7th. Neither the Grant nor the
Lawton, according to present plans, will
take any organized bodies of trooDS to
the Philippines. '
WASHINGTON, April 23.-Several
changes have been made In. the schedule
of the army transports on the Pacific sta
tion. Owing to the fact that the trans
port "Warren will require extensive repairs
Bho has been withdrawn from the Philip
pine service and orders given to fit her
out for "the Alaska Btation. The Warren
was to have Balled for Manila In a few
days with recruits and stores. In order
to supply her place the transport Grant,
originally scheduled to sail from San
Francisco May 1, will sail instead on the
25th inst, with the cargo Intended for the
Warren.
Volunteer Troops Will
Be All Transported
by Then.
SOLDIERS HOME
ON JULY FIRST
¦ ; Pacific Train Near Mission
Siding.
BTTTTE. Mont., April 23.— A special from
Livingston to the Intermountaln says. an
attempt was made last night to wreck
Northern Pacific train No. 11 at a point
Just west of Mission Siding. A large
plank was placed across the track and
two large stones placed on either end of
It. Engineer Manser was unable to stop
his train in time, but the pilot knocked
the obstructions from the track with but
slig-ht injury to the engine. The company
has offered a reward of $1000 for the arrest
of the would-be wreckers.
Attempt Hade to "Wreck a Northern
LARGE FLANK PLACED
ACROSS THE TRACK
The principal obanjre which the conven
tion, has in view is in the suffrage, the
courts, the terms of public officers and
The abolishment of much local legislation.
There has been apnthy in every county
during the campaign. The Democratic
State committee made a brief campaign
and Fi>eakers were sent out, but nowhere
were the people gTcatly interested. There
was no organization against the issue,
and there was a disinclination to go to
the polls.
MONTGOMERY, Ala.. April 23.— The
people of Alabama, voted to-day on the
propos5t5o7i to call a convention to assem
ble in this city May 21 to draft a new
State constitution. An >xceedini?ly light
vote was polled throughout the State, but
the returns indicate that perhaps five
sixths of the counties have voted "in favor
of a convention.
ALABAMA DECLARES FOR
A NEW CONSTITUTION
People of State Vote on Question and
Convention Will As
semble.
CLEVELAND. April 23.— Referring to
the cablegram from the British clay-bird
shooters saying that; the London match
between the American and English teams
must be' held early in July instead of
Ausrust- Secretary Paul North, of the
Trap-Shooters Change Dates.
Six furlongs. ' selling— Insurrection won. Sweet
Dream second. Colonel Strathy third. Time,
1:21%. . - - _;
" Seven furlongs, selling— Ben. Frost: won. Peter
Duiyea second. Get About third.' ,TIme. 1:35%.
¦ One mile, selling— Zeriba won. Mvrlan D
second. Brown »Vail third. Time. 1:53%.
' Four and a half furlongs — Rose of Red won,
Montana Pioneer 6econd, Lady Alsea third.
Time, 1:00. . ,. _ : .,••:-...
Six furlongs, selling— Grandma II won. Miss
Redwood second, Madeline G third. Time. 1:20.
Six furlongs, selling — Dan Rice won. Black
ford second, , Guerdon third. Time, 1:20%.
Four and a half furlongs—Hoodwink won.
Miss Canele second. Poppy A third. Time,
1:00 3-5.
Six furlongs — Shut Tip won, Sunro second,
Avator third. Time, 1:17. .
Six furlongs— Braw Lad ¦wwn; Patroon sec
ond, Aaron third. Time, 1:1« 2-5. .
One mile— Leonwell won. Lord Lisa second.
Give All third. Time. 1:47 4-5.
Ore mile— Jim- W- won, Tillie second, Hosl
thtrd." Time, 1:46 3-5.
One mile, selling— Chnncery won, Prestar
seconds Oxnard third. Time, 1:47.
CINCINNATI, April 23.— Summary at
Newport: •
RACING RESULTS ON
THJbi EASTEBN" TRACKS
NASHVILLE, Tenn., April 23.—Sum
mary:
Six furloiujs — Echo Dale -won, Jim Clark sec
ond. The Thrush third. Time, l:lStf.
Half mile— Baby Dlxon won, Marrary Long
second, Balance All third. Time, *BL \
One mile, selllnjr— Sue Johnson won, A Win
ner second. Grey Fortfe third. Time. 1:43%.
Four and a half furlongs, the "William Greers
stake, two-year-olds— Jordan won, Ice Water
s a sond, Baccle third. Time, :56*4.
Seven furlong's, nellinsr— Felix Bard won,
Chopin second, Ben Led! third. Time, 1:30.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Zp none
won Laureate second, Bansborough third.
Time, 1:09%. - •
NEW. YORK, April 23.— Aqueduct sum
mary:
Five and a half furlonirs — Hesrver ¦won. All
Gold second. St. Finnan third. Time, 1:09.
Five furlongs. Belling— Carroll D won. Red
Damsel second. Lady Handy third. Time,
1-04 3-6. -¦-.'¦ ...
Five . furlonsrs. selling— Spry won. Walk
About second, Hlmyarite third. Time. 1:04 1-5.
The ¦ Canarslo stakes, four and a half fur
longs — Golden Cottage won, Tamah Nawls sec
ond. Oom Paul third. Time, :56 4-5.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Knight of
the Garter won. Double Dummy second. Blue
away third. Time, 1:49 3-5.
Five furlongs, selling— Ante Up 'won, Monad
second. Fennlmore third. Time. 1:04.
CHICAGO, April 22.— Summary at Lake
side:
Jack Martin is back in California again.
Some weeks ago Jack took "French leave"
from the Carruthers & Shields' stable,
departing for Canada. The precocious lad
claimed he was mistreated, but . now
everything has been patched up. and Jack
will no doubt soon be riding in his old
form. : .- ¦ ' . :£ ".
Track Notes.
- First race — Screenwell Lake. Homage, Lucera.
Second race 1 - Jarretlerre d'Or, Vasallo, Torso
Maid.
Third race— Ada N, Rollick, Maresa. - •
Fourth race — Beau Ormonde, The Fretter,
MacGyle.
Fifth race— Loving Cup, Princess Tltanla,
Gibraltar. . '
Sixth race— Vohlcer, Saintly, Silver Garter.
First race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-old fillies; selling:.
2322 Compass ..';... JOT 22«2 Homage 100
2S37 Chaste 100 2337 Comoanlon ....100
23S2 Carrie Lucas ..100 ?23fi Merlda 100
226." Lily DIkes 100 2274 Scrnwell LakelOM
224* Cousin- Carrie.. 100 2337 Cathrine BravolOO
(2305)Lucera 100 2337 Aphrodls 100
Second race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling:.
(2328)Torso Maid...^.109 2311 Royalty 102
2S2R Vasallo 10V (23fl9).Tar. d'Or .. 102
(2SX8)The Giver 10T. 2293 Dlvlna 102
2309 Oerle ." IK ni3 Inocencla 102
2328 Mike Murphy.. 102 232S Lapldus 105
Third race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds:
purse.
2235 Maresa 10;| 2322 Rollick ...'. 104
2316 Ada N ..102| 2217 Cougar 107
Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward: free handicap.
2331 MacGyle 9f 22R1 The Fretter ...115
2312 Danger' s Maid. 101 2330 Beau Ormonde. 103
2336 Malay 100
Fifth rac« — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling. .
?278 Lovlne: Cup. ....IV 2304 Duckoy ..Vfi
. 2330 Gibraltar ...... 11<" 2316 Andrattua 97
2127 fieide M? 2329 Sea Lion 110
(2322)Prln. THanla... 93 2271 Jerld 112
2335 Doublet 110 .
Sixth racp— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; Belling.
2271 Vohlcer V '"S Hleh Hoe 10o
(2290)Saintly Iff 1SR8 Matt Hogran... 106
2313 Alas 102 :2301)Silver Garter.. .103
2204 Invlctus 97 2335 Rinaldo 107
2332 Eldred 91
Probable Winners.
All the contestants will play qualifying
rounds of -thirty-six holes, medal play,
which must be completed before 1 p. m.
to-morrow. Ten o'clock in the morning
is the time set for beginning play in the
qualifying rounds, but by consent of the
committee entrants may begin play be
fore that hour. Partners for the qualify
ing round will be drawn. The competi
tors making the sixteen best scores in the
qualifying round "will enter the opening
State. Two-thirds of the entries are from
San Francisco, Oakland and San Rafael,
and one-third from Southern California,
The following thirteen are members of
the San Francisco Golf Club: B. D.
Adamson. J. W. Byrne, H. C. Golcher, H.
B. Goodwin, Warren Gregory, T. P.
Gower, Lansing O. Kellogg, John Law
son. J. H. Mee. Captain D. J. Rumbaugh,
Hugh Tevis, C. B. Wingate and Chaun
cey R. Winslow. The nine representa
tives of the Oakland Golf Club are: P. E.
Bowles Jr.. J. A. Folger, E. R. Folger,
R. M. Fitzgerald. Arthur Goodall, C. P.
Hubbard. W. P. Johnson, H. M. A. Miller
and F. S. Stratton. The Los Angeles
Country Club ip represented by R. H.
Hay Chapman.- Walter Cosby. W. Fred
erickpon. H. M. Sears, J. F. Sartori and
H. Gaylord Wilshire. The two mem
bers of the Pasadena Country Club are
C. E. Orr, champion of California in 1900.
and J. S. Cravens. R. Gilman Brown and
J. J. Crooks are the entries from the San
Rafael Golf Club.
The plans for the new yacht to be built
for a syndicate composed of San Fran
cisco Yacht Club members arrived from
B. .B. Crownshield's of Boston yesterday.*
Several of .the local builders will be asked
to Inspect the plans next week. The new
boat is to compete for the perpetual chal
lenge cup next year. . .
Plans for a Challenger.
The Banstead plate of 200 sovereigns
at six furlongs was won by Killarue,
"Patsy" McDermott having the mount.
Mr. McCreery's Escurial came in second,
'with Danny Maher up,' and Winnipeg
finished third. Ten horses started.
The great Surrey handicap of 500 sov
ereigns for 3-year-olds and upward was
won by A. StedaH's La Lune. Meletp,
owned by C. G. Todd, came in second,
and H. J. King's Esmeralda II, ridden by
L. Reiff. finished third..
LONDON, April 23.— An excellent pro
gramme and summer-like weather at
tracted unusual crowds .to the Epson
spring meeting to-day. Americans were
only placed once in the first three events,
when Richard Crocker's Scotchman II.
ridden by L. Reiff, was third In the North
Park Plate, I. W. Humby's Royal George
winning.
This cleared the way. to the ereat Met
ropolitan stakes, with- William. C. Whit
ney's Billow II, the sole American repre
sentative among the seventeen runners.
JThe race was won by H. J. King's bay
colt Evasit, with Johnny Reiff in the sad
dle. Lord Penrhyn's bay • horse King
Messenger was second and Estoccado was
third. .; ;¦'
Races at Epsom.
CINCINNATI, April 23.— The Cincinnati-
Chicago game was postponed on account
of wet grounds.
NEW TORK, April 23.— The New York-
Brooklyn game was postponed on account
of wet grounds.
PHILADELPHIA, April 23.— Up to the
eighth inning to-day's game between Bos
ton and Philadelphia looked like a victory
for the visitors, but a timely triple by
Delehanty. with three men on_ bases,
brought in the winning run for the home
team. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R - H - E -
Boston I 10 2
Philadelphia ° 8 0
Batteries— Willis and Klttredge; Orth and
Douglass. Umpire— Colgan. ,
; ST. LOUIS, April 23.— Waddell allowed
St. Louis only three hits up to the seventh
Inning, then went wrong and Donovan's
men piled up five runs, assisted by the
many errors ¦ of . the visitors. Attendance
3500. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
St. Louis 10 ". 2
Pittsburg • 4 8 5
Batteries— Harper and Echriver; Waddell,
Chesbro and Zimmer. Umpire— Dwyer.
Eastern Baseball Games.
A pleasing feature of the coming bench
show will be the long list of superb dogs
owned and placed on exhibition by ladies
of social distinction In San Prancisco.
Mrs. John Magee is to exhibit her hand
some spaniel. Mrs. Richard Tobin will
have a bench for her spaniel by Champion
Havoc. Mrs. J. B. Martin is to place her
lively fox terriers on show, and Mrs. W.
C. Ralston has also . reserved a place for
an exhibit. Mrs. A. B. Truman is to
have ample room for her pointers, Irish
setters and small dogs. Mrs. William H.
Crocker owns some rarely fine dogs,
which may be benched..' . . ._
P. C. Meyer has purchased and will
show the unbeaten champion cocker
spaniel. Havoc, toegther with a large
draft from the Glenwood kennels. Havoc
has won ninety-six first prizes and spe
cials and is thought to be about the best
cocker sDaniel in America. ' • .
. Secretary Norman announces that new
classes have been opened in several
breeds. For bulldogs they are: 157. puppy
dogs and bitches: 358, novice dogs and
bitches; 158a. limit dogs and bitches: 159,
open dogs: 159a, limit bitches: 160, winners,
dogs and bitches. In the wolf hounds or
Borzois the new classes are: 43, Puppy
dogs and bitches: 43a, novice dogs and
bitches: 44. limit dogs: 44a. onen dogs; 44b,
limit bitches: 44c, open bitches.
Winning dogs from the recent and very
successful Seattle, and Portland dog
shows will be benched In this city and a
favorable opnortunity given to compare
them with the dogs that may- please the
judges chosen for San Francisco. In the
north there are many dogs of the sport
ing classes of superior quality, the Eng
lish setters . especially being of high
worth. It will be well worth a visit to
the coming Phow to compare the choicest
dogs of local ownership with the cracks
of Oregon and Washington. -
The entries already made for the bench
show of ' the San Francisco Kennel Club
assure a first-rate exhibition in size and
a very creditable one in the average ex
cellence of the dogs to be benched. En
tries close to-night at 10 o'clock at the
Kennel Club office, 14 Post street.
GETTXNTG BEADY FOR
LOCAL KENNEL SHOW
"Walter Fairbanks, who won the cham
pionship of Southern California recently
on the links of the Los Angeles Country
Club, was practicing over the Presidio
course about ten days ago, but has not
entered the competition; nor has C E.
Maud, the runner-up. But W. Frederick
son, who was beaten only 1 up on twenty
holes by "W. Fairbanks. Is entered, as
also Is C. E. Orr. champion of Southern
California in 1900. Walter Cosby is a
strong player, who in the Interclub
tournament at Santa Catallna in Janu
ary, beat C. E. Maud 4 up.' J. S. Cravens
is vice president of the Pasadena Coun
try Club and plays a pood game. For
San Francisco and neighborhood the most
¦skillful players are John "Lawson and B.
D. Adamson of the Presidio Club, and E.
R. Folerer and W. P. Johnson of the Oak
land Club. -The southern golfers are ac
customed to sand "greens" and so will
not feel at home at first on the turf put
ting greens at the Presidio. But the dry
weather has already rendered the greens
fast, 'and. with a little practice the south
erners should soon acquire skill on them.
By the end of this week there will be a
golf champion of all California, who will
be the first of a lone line, for the cham
pionship contests will be held every year.
In the next contest will probably be in
cluded some of the best grolfers of Port
land, Tacoma, Seattle and British Colum
bia.
match play round to-morrow afternoon.
In case an uneven number of contestants
should appear the committee will appoint
a player to accompany, the contestant
round the course; and if there should be
a tie or ties for the sixteenth place the
contestants •will continue to play until
one or the other shall have gained a lead
by strokes, the hole or holes being played
out. The match play rounds, which be
prin at 2 p. m. to-morrow, are over eight
een holes, except the final round, which
will be over thirty-six holes.
TA' vr "* r r> T *Ai"N' PAKE- Tuesday. April 23,
1901.— Weather fine. Track fast. £
233S. FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, $330.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 14. Str. Fin.
2286 M. Earle, 4. 102.. Ransch 12 1 111 In
2320 First Shot. 4. 102.. .Dom 3 lh 2 3 2 3
2334 Estro, 6, -109 Russell 4 3 2 3 2 3 *4
2297 Faunette. 6,107.. ..Alxdr 5 5 4 4 8 4 10
2305 William F. 4. 109..Gouln « 7 5 U 5 h
2240 Pontro. «. 104..Burllnjrcne 2 6 H « 1» « 20
2334 Mldian, 6, 109 Conley 7 4H 7 7
Time— %. :26; #, :51; %, 1:16%: mile. 1:43.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
O. P. Fink's b. gr. by imp. Bajisetlaw-Lulu.
Mont Ea*le finally found company to suit his
speed. First Shot did her best. Faunette of
little account. Midlan sulked.
Betting— Mont Eagle, 9-2: First Shot, «: Es
tro, 16: Faunette, 7-5: William F. SO; Pongo.
200; Midlan. 16-5.
2339. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maid
en two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. U. Str. Fin.
2321 St. Philippina, 115.. Dom 2 2 3 .„ 12
23Z5 Parizade. 115 Ransch 6 1*2 ... 3(
2315 Redan. 115 Bergen 5 3n ... 3 ns
2311 Evander, 113 Conley 4 5h ... 4 1
2317 Achilles, 118 ........Ruiz 3 7n ... 5 2
2321 Gerardo, 118 ....Sullivan 8 6h ... CH
2315 P. Crimmlns. «8..Hafley 1 4h ... 7 20
2317 Pep. Sauce, 118.Faunlry 7 8 % ... 8 2
2315 G. Greene, 118.... Turner 9 9 3 ... 9 2
2317 F. Atterbury. U5.RusselllO 10 5 ... 10 6
.... Lily Dale, U5.....Brownll 11 ... 11
Time— K. :23«,i j V,, :47%. Good' start. Won
easily. Second and third driving 1 . Winner. E.
Lanigan's b. f. by St. Carlo-Bessie W, Winner
is a very handy filly. Parizade showed im
provement. Achilles a slow beginner. Redan
was outfooted. Scratched— Frank Bain 118.
Bettin«r— St. Philippine. 8-5; Parizade. 40; Re
dan. 8: Evander. 20; Achilles. 8-5: Gerardo. 40;
Phil Crimmlns,' 30; Pepper Sauce, 30; Graham
Greene, 12; Fred Atterbury, 100; Lily Dale, 200.
234O. THIRD RACE-^-Sbc furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; 'purse, $400.
IndPX. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. V,. Str. Fin.
2302 Gusto. 4. 106.. Dominick 1 1 1 2 S 11
2301 Jin. Jingle. 5, 104. Hafley 5 2^ lh 21
2329 Glissando, 4, 106...Alxdr6 5h 4 2 ZV»
2313 Maydine. 4, 101... Martin 8 9 2 8 3 4h
230S Mike Rice, a, M6.Tullett 3 6 n 6 h 5 1
1930 Wallens'n, 4, 103.Redfrn 4 3 1 3 6 h
2335 Clarando. 5. 104.. Ransch 9 4 h 5 h 7 h
2314 G. Finder, 4. lOS.Maternell 7 4 7^83
2301 Expedient. 4, lOo.Russoll 2 10 % 9 h 9 14
2326 Homestake. a. 104.McDrW 11 10 2 10 4
2308 Pilot, 4. 103..Fauntleroy 7 8 h 11 11
Time— U. :23%; Vs. :48; %. 1:14%. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. P. Howley's
br. h. by imp. Brutus-Irish Lass. Gusto re
relved a strong ride and this ¦won for him,
Glissando ran his race. Mike Rice- will -win
soon. Wallenstein mleht have don« better -with
a stronger boy In the saddl«. Clarando ran
poorly. Scratched— Letleer 103.
Bettlnsr— Gusto. 6-5; Jingle Jingle. 12: Glis
sando, 8; Maydine. 6: Mike Rice. 40; Wall-n
steln, 50; Clarando. 7-f, Ckrtd Finder. 60: Ex
pedient. 20; Homestake, 200: Pilot, 100.
2341. FOURTH RACE— Six furionjcs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $4C0.
Inrtox. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %i. Str. Fin.
22S3 Boundlee. 4, 106..Domnk 3 3 %. IV, 1 h
2133 Flamero. 5. 109....Conley 1 2% 3% 2 3
2n9n#HandleapDer. 4, lll.Mrtn 2 1 n 2 n 3 h
2.ini Montallade, a, 109..Rnch 4 3 1M 4 1 4 5
2324 La Borsria, 4. 104.. Butler 5 5 5 5
Tlme^i. :24\b: V,. :48?i: %. 1:14%. Good
start. Won first three drivinjr. Winner, B.
Schreiber's br. g. by Boundless-Parolee. Bound
lee showed improvement. Flamero ran his
race. Handlcapper outfooted. Montallade has
grone back.
Eettlnjr — Boundlee. 3: Klamero, 9-5: Handl
capper, 13-5; Montallade, 9-2; La Borgia, 60,
2342. FIFTH RACE— One mile and an eighth;
selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
IndPX. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2312)f!cotch Plaid. 6. 105.Rnch 2 11% 1 2 11
2331 Goldone. 4, 105.Bassnger 3 3 2 3 3 2 5
(2323)Catastrophe. a. 108.Gsbrn 5 2 h 2 h 3 1%
2329 Alaska, fi, 103.Prendrs:st 6 5 3 5 6 4 4
2324 Merops. 5, 102. .Dominick 14 6 4 % 5 13
2324 Don Luis, . 6. 106..Hafley 4. .6 6. 8
Time— %. :13: V., :25H; V4. :50%; ?4. 1:16; mile,
1:42; l%ni. 1:54%. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, Burns &
Waterhouse's b. g. by imp. Midlothian-Mottle.
Plaid easily best. Goldone stood a hard drive.
Merops not the horse he was. Catastrophe
tired the last sixteenth. Scratched— Havlland
104.
BettinK— Scotch Plaid. 3-6; Goldone, 6: Catas
trophe, 8; Alaska, 50; Merops, 9-2; Don Luis, 60.
S343. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling-;
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, "Wt, Jockey. St. V^. Str. Tin.
2296 Hindoonet. 6. 109.Conley 2 2 h 3 Vx 1 h
2084 G. Hope. 5. 104.Mathews 3 3 h 2 2 2 3
2304 Mocorito. 6. 104...Gouln7 4 2 4 3 3 2
23M Hiph Hoe, 6, 105.Basngrr 6 6 h 5 3 4 h
(2320)Valencienne, 6. 104.Dom 116 13 5 8
(2319) Alas. 4. 103..Prendersast 8 7 3 8 1 6n
2329 D. Weithoff. 5. 104.Rnch 6 5 h 7 1 7 %
2314 McAlbert, 6, 108.. Hazard 4 8 8 8
Time-44, :23^; %. :47%: M. 1:14. Bad start.
Won first three driving. Winner, C. A. Tilles*
ch. h by Hindoo-Jaconet. Winner outgamed
Good Hope. Mocorito away poorly. "Valenci
enne beat the gate. Dollie Weithoff runs as
If stale. ¦ Scratched — Decoy 103, Amasa 106,
Loconomo 104, The Singer 103.
Bettlnjr— Hindoonet. 4: Good Hope, 12; Moco
rito, 6: Hlph Hoe. 12; Valencienne, 11-5; Alas,
60; Dollie Weithoff, 11-5; Me Albert, 100.
BOABD OF MANAGERS
INSPECTING HOMES
Government Officials Looking at In
stitutions for Grand Army
Veterans.
The National Board of Managers of Old
Soldiers' Homes arrived In this city yes
terday and/the members are staying at
the Palace. The party is composed of
Judge M. T. McMahon, chairman: General
C. M. Anderson, Colonel Sidney C. Clarko
and Colonel George W. Steele. The party
is on a tour of Inspection of all the Gov
ernment home3 for disabled soldiers and
also all State Institutions where infirm
soldiers are kept.
Judge McMahon said last evening that
the -most important business of the trip
was the selection of a site for the build
ing of a home that had been ordered
erected at Johnson City. East Tennessee,
at the last session of Congress.
"The Government is at present carlnjr
for 49.000 disabled soldiers." said Judge
McMahon. "This includes a few wounde.1
or disabled In the Spanish war. We are
visiting every home that old soldiers are
living in. The Government allows $100 a
year to all Institutions for the mainte
nance of each old soldier. ' We have to
visit every home where veterans are kept
to see if they are well treated. The home
at Santa Monica appears to be the favor
ite Institution among the veterans. The
place is beautiful and every year vast Im
provements are being: made.
"We will visit the home at Tountvllle
before leavins the State. On our way
back to New Tork we will also Inspect
the homes at Leavenworth. Kans., Dan
ville, 111., and Milwaukee, Wis."
CLASS 'OP 1901 HOLDS
GRADUATION" EXEBCISES
Students and Faculty of Cooper Medi
cal College Assemble for An-
nual Commencement.
The commencement exercises of ¦ the
class of 1901 of Coooer Medical College
were held In the college auditorium last
night. The exercises were opened with
prayer by Rev. William Rader. Presi
dent L. C. Lane, M. D., conferred the de
grees. Dr. George B. Somers delivered the
valedictory. Dr. Somers was followed by
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, who delivered a
very Interesting address on "Man's Duty
to His Mind."
The following named received degrees:
Carrie Clementine Cole. Lillian A. Dell. Edith
Sibyl Hammond. A. B. ; Philip Fanniiuc Ab
bott. A. B.; Cha4 Evans Arnold. Herwhel
Hamptcn Brown, A. B. : George Ryckman Car
son. Albert Cohen. Richard John Dowdall.
Ph.G.; Frank Seely Emmal. Georgre Kramer
Herzog-, Paul Kingsley Jackson. Moses Jacob
eon, Alexander Simpson Kelly. William Lucas
Jr., Masaji Matsuda, t>. D. S.: Allen Bonner
McConnell, James Kdward JlcCue. William
McDowell, Charles Edward Mooaer, Charles
Allen Poage. Frank Zellnsky, Thomas Arthur
Williams. Fred William "Watt. Thomas . Nel
son Sample. William Augustus Reckers, Paul
Heron Keilly. Ph.G. . .
An aged racegoer by the name of Moody
was seized with a feeling of illness soon
after reaching the track, and though med
ical attendance was auickly on hand, he
died. He was a familiar figure about the
track, apparently possessing means to
speculate with.
American Trap-shooting Team said to
day: "Unfortunately we had already ar
ranged for the shooting tournaments in
this country during July. However, we
will endeavor to have the home dates
changed in order to be In London at the
desired time. I am inclined to think the
matter can be arranged satisfactorily."
Mr. North cabled the British team to
day as follows: "Trying to get earlier
date; will advise by cable." Mr. North
stated the American team would probably
shoot against teams in Glasgow and Dub
lin following the London match.
Chief Deputy Myrtle Resigns.
Fred S. Myrtle, chief deputy In the Re
corder's Office, resigned his position yes
terday and Recorder Godchaux immedi
ately appointed Charles Stoltz to succeed
him. Myrtle has been in ill-health for
some time past, and his duties became too
arduous. Godchaux has offered Myrtle
the deputyship made vacant by Stoltz's
promotion, but Myrtle has not yet signified
his acceptance.
MOBE ANIMAL STOEIES
BY SETON-THOMPSOU
Third Lecture by Famous Author
to Be Given in Metropolitan
Temple To-Uight. '•'>..'>: V
Ernest Seton-Thompson will deliver his
third lecture this evening at Metropolitan
Temple and the women of the California
Club expect to see the big auditorium
crowded to the doors. He will take up
some more of-the characteristics of wild
animals, and asbefore will use the atere
opticon to Illustrate his Interesting
stories.
There will be a special matinee for chil
dren on Saturday afternoon, when special
prices will be arranged to bring thi3
great treat within reach of every child in
the city. The subject of this children's
lecture will be "Wild Animals in Captiv
ity." His last lecture, "Minds of Wild
Animals," will be given on Saturday
night.
To-Day's Entries.
Scotch Plaid retains his form, easily
performing the trick In the mile and a
furlong event. Ridden by Ransch, he held
sway in the ring at odds of 3 to 5 and led
from start to finish. Goldone outlasted
Catastrophe, securing the place. Merops
appeared to no advanta.ee.
For the first time the colors of "Cap"
Tilles, the well-known St. Louis turfman,
were seen first past the finishing post.
It was in' the concluding number, a six
furlong sorlnt, decided under selling con
ditions. Hindoonet sported the St. Louls
an's all blue, and after a hard drive with
Good Hope, got the verdict by a- head,
with Mocorito in the show. Dominick on
Valencienne, which with Dollie Weithoff
enjoyed the honors of favoritism, beat
the others away, but could not last. Dol
lie Weithoff appears to have lost her
form.
Barney Schreiber's Boundlee spoiled. a
good thing In the second slx-f urlong run.
Flamero of Don sCameron's string* with
Ccvi.ley up, waa played from threes to S>
to 5 favoritism. After the gelding had
raced Handlcapper into the ground he was
collared and beaten a head by the Schrei
berl horse, handled most judiciously by
Dominick. • - . .
Dominick's cleverness also put Gusto
over the plate winner of. the third num
ber, at six furloners. The brown horse
ruled a 6 to 5, favorite, and though he
once looked beaten by Jingle Jingle again
took the lead in the stretch, scoring by
a length. Glissando led out Maydine for
show honors. : " >• •- -.
Ed Lonlgan's shifty filly* St. Philippina
made short work of her field in the four
furlong dash for two-year-olds. She
closed in the betting equal favorite with
Achilles, and after being led to the stretch
by Parizade went, on and. won without
effort in :47%i Marty Bergen gathered in
the show vwlth Redan. Achilles is a very
slow beginner. '¦••••• * '
, of the California racing pub
lic. A more conscientious or consistent
rider has not been seen on our local tracks
and h!a hbnesty is beyond question. He
rode three winners at Tanforan yester
day, two of which were favorites, while
Boundlee was a 3 to 1 chance. .The pleas
ant weather attracted a larger crowd than
on the previous day and bettors were
fairly successful In their argument with
the books. Purses went to three favorites
and a like number of third choices.
Neither Faunette, the favorite, nor Mid-
Ian, the second choice, cut any particular
figure in the opening mile run. Ransch
on the S to 1 chance. Mont Eagle, and
Dominick astride First Shot had the race
between them from, the start, the former
winning by a heck. Estro finished third.
Midlan sulked after running half ? the
route, and Faunette could not shake up a
gallop. ......
WHEN Master Dominick steps
aboard the overland to-day,
bound for Chicago, he will
take with him the best wishes
BY P. E. MTTLHOU^AHD.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
«
PEKING. April 23.— The Chinese troops
have retired from Shansi. The advance of
the French and German troops stopped at
the great wall, the boundary of the prov
ince of Shansi. There w!21 be no fieht
.' Many applications have been made to
Commissioner Rockhlll and General Chaf
fee by Chinese of all degrees for the re
tention in China of the American troops
until the gercral withdrawal of the troops
of the powers. Many of those who are
-making this request think the withdrawal
¦ of the Americans will make the others re
main longer. There are als=o people who
<1o not desire to see any of the soldiers go,
fearing anarchy and an uprising.
Germans Want to Guard Gate.
. K}rld Marshal von "Waldcrsee has made
an application that the gate of the For
bidden City be guarded by German troops
after the departure of the Americans.
General Chaffee has replied that Am
erican soldiers -will continue to guard the
gate. At this the Germans are Indignant,
saying this impugns their honesty and
•that if the United States desires to do
her share of the policies of the city she
should leave behind enoush troops for
lhat purpose; that merely a few men be
longing to tho legation guards should con
iroi the gate, tvhirh will be within the
American quarters, cannot be allowed. If
Chaffee persists In this course diplomatic
representation will be made in the
matter.
The Ministers of the foreign powers are
n t-eting daily. They do not at present
'show a disposition to reduce the claims/
¦which many ihJrk to be extremely rea
eonable.
Would Guarantee Protection.
"WASHINGTON. April 23.— It is under
stood here that the Chinese plenipoten
tiaries at Peking. Prince Citing and Li
Hung Chang, are prepared to give a guar
.nr!te* to the powers for the protection
nf p x u foreigners ir. China if the foreign
troops now stationed there are with
drawn. Thus far the retention of the
foreign forc-es has been urged as neces
sary 1n order to preserve order and pro
tect foreisTiprs. but the Chinese authori
ties ray that order has been so far re-es
tablished that the Imperial Government
is fully able to direct the Chinese troops
in such a way as to secure complete
safety to the interests of all foreigners.
This is understood to be the basis of the
withdrawal of 10,000 French troops, and
it Is earnestly bopr>d among Chinese offi
cials that this -vnll be followed by a
similar movement on the part of other
foreign forces in China.
Light on Death of James.
YOKOHAMA. April 15. via Victoria. B. |
C. April 23. — Dr. Ament of Peking, who
is en route for San Francisco, has thrown
some new light on the death of Professor
Hubert James. It seems that in the early
days of the siege he was imprisoned for
ref using to bend the knee to the generalis
simo and 'was beheaded seven days later,
his head being exposed at the Flowery
Gate. Identification of the latter has
placed his fate beyond question.
On April 10 a terrible fracas occurred
bet-ween a party of thirty English and
thirty French sailors. One Englishman
was killed, whi'e the French suffered
severely. While the details are not yet
to hand. 5t is reported lhat the British
wore the aggressors.
Petition^ Presented to General
Chaffee for the Retention
of American Forces. •
Chinese Depart From
Shansi and Avoid
a Clash.
RETIRE BEFORE
ALLIED TROOPS
The development of the sport In Cali
fornia is closely observed by Mr. Carolan.
He notes that Eastern experts, who for
merly went to Aiken, S. C., in the winter
season, prefer to come to: California. The
purpose he has in view in the extension
of polo grounds is to afford Eastern and
resident admirers of the sport all the fa
cilities demanded by the widening inter
est in this form of outdoor exercise.
The transportation companies have al
ready derived considerable revenue from
the polo tourists.; Burlingame has been
enlivened by the sojourn of these Eastern
players, who formerly went to South Car
olina. Returning East they proclaim- the
advantages of Burlingame as a polo re
sort and bring back with them other men
of means who have a fancy for this style
of field exercise. In this manner the resi
dent population of Burlingame Is aug
mented, as many who come with their
friends to pass the winter decide to re
main all the year round. The railroad,
companies are beginning to find that it
pays to make known to the Eastern world
the attractions which Btorllngame pre
sents to the disciples of polo.
The Burlingame Club, with its club
house and twelve acres of land, is an es
tablished social institution apart from the
polo clubs, yet it Is in sympathy with the
field organization.' All the leading polo
players are members of the Burlingame
Club proper, but all the dub members are
not players. '
Mr. Carolan's purchase of the Corbitt
ranch and the creation of a new polo field
will not transfer the present attractions
of Burlingame to another section of San
Mateo County. No changes in the char
acter or purposes of the Burlingame Club
are in contemplation. The purchaser hav
ing faith in San Mateo land values, and
believing that . property on the peninsula
of San Francisco is bound to increase in
value, bought the land.
Francis J. Caxolan, president of the Bur
lingame Polo Club, has purchased a large
\ract of the Corbitt ranch, east of the
railroad track and near Burlingame. A
sum approximating $250,000 was paid for
the land and improvements thereon. Mr.
Carolan bought the property as an invest
ment. He Intends to establish another
polo field on the race track of the ranch
and lease it to the polo club of Bur
lingame, so the players may use one field
while the grass Is growing on the other,
and thus stimulate interest in the game.
Eastern Players Oome to Cali
fornia for the Winter
Season.
Another Polo Field Near
Burlingame Is in
View.
CAROLAN BUYS
GORBITT RANCH
A hint of what may turn out to be a
portion of the defense in the trial was
presented in the cross-examination of Dr.
Swan by Counsel Bartlett. who asked
many questions with reference to the
number of times the ¦witness had Been the
bullet he extracted from the body of Rich
ard H. Grogran. Dr. Swan said he had
seen It twice, once In October,, before the
Grand Jury, and once In the office of the
District Attorney, later in the year. The
manner In which these and other ques
tions were put led many to conclude that
the defense would maintain that the bullet
on exhibition was not the one taken from
Grogan's body.
The disclosure on the part of the wit
ness that he had performed a second au
topsy on the body of Grogan at the tomb
In Mount Auburn Cemetery was the sen
sational bit of testimony of the day. Dr.
Swan, accompanied by Medical Examiner
Durrell of Somervllle. State Detective
Wbitley and nn undertaker went to the
tomb and the vitness removed from Gro
ean's body a piece of the fifth rib and a
fragment of the bone which he had sawed
at the first autopsy. "Witness admitted
that the defense was not represented at
the autopsy, nor had any notice of the
Intention to hold the autopsy been given
to the defense.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., April 23.— In th»
trial of Charles R. Eastman, the Harvard
Instructor charged -with^he murder of his
brother-in-law, RIchard>OR. Grogan Jr..
the prosecution's case was presented at
the opening of court to-day. The attor
ney asserted that on the day previous to
the one on which Grogan was shot he had
accused Eastman of "being out with a
grlrl." The next day, -while Grogran and
Eastman were shooting at a target neigh
bors heard cries of "help." "murder." and
the two men were seen engaged in a
struggle. When neighbors reached Gro
gan he was lyinsr on the. ground, groaning
and accusing Eastman of having mur
dered him. Eastman met the accusations
with the declaration that It was an acci
dent. -
Defense in Eastman's Case
Gives a Hint of Ita
Intentions.
Sensational Statement
of a Murder Trial
Witness.
OPENS GRAVE
TO GET A RIB
St. Philippina a Fleet Footed Filly — The
Heavily Played Flamero Beaten Out by
Boundlee— Cohley First on Hindoonet
DOMINICK CELEBRATES HIS LAST
DAY BY RIDING THREE WINNERS
\ ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ " ¦ . ••¦..-¦_. . . : • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,: APRIL 24, 1901.
Players Will Gather for Contests From All
Sections of the State— Qualifying Round
for Men on tHe Presidio Links Yesterday
FIRST COMPETITIONS FOR THE
COAST GOLF CHAMPIONSHIPS
p^|-O HE first competition for the men's
I cmateur golf championship of the
I Pacific Coast will begin this
H morning 1 on the links of the San
Francisco Golf Club, to be con
tinued on Thursday and Friday and
concluded on Saturday. Secretary T. P.
Gower's activity and hard work have
been rewarded by a very encouraging list
of entries, containing the names of thir
ty-two of the most skillful golfers of the
4
I You drink some beers that cause bilious headache. Perhaps W\M
you think that all beers do. hX*\
The cause of biliousness is the lack of age — too much haste
to put the beer on the market. To ferment beer thoroughly gg&i]
requires a process of months. Without it the fermentation takes R)jn
place in your stomach. That is the cause of biliousness. Fj^l
Hurried beer is unhealthful. Schlitz beer is kept for months &&j|
in refrigerating rooms with a capacity of 265,000 barrels — kept
almost at freezing point until it is well fermented. Schlitz beer is Wj/H
never marketed until thoroughly aged. tftrf
'Phone Main W, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-11 Market St., San Francisco. R^a
Dependable Drugs
*THis week's
specials
at tHe Owl
! You can save lots . of
money o n our special
prices this week. Staple
goods cut lower than
ever. Good until Satur-
day, the 27th. .
Pear's Soap ioc
1 cake Packers Tar Soap
and one of Lawrence's
Tar Soap for 25c
j Duffy's Malt Whiskey 75c
V Ladies Bulb Syringe 25c
' Ren ner's Malt Extract ' 15c
.Buchanan's Whiskey Ji
• Hind's Honey and Almond
\ Cream 30c
j Valdiers Violet Ammonia 20c
ii~. N N Shampoo 3 for ioc
I Munyon's Soap j ioc
/ 1128 Marhet Street
' T P"* rt ** . San Francisco
lOtH and Broadway Oak-landTO ARRIVE.
Mexican carved leather goods and Cali
fornia souvenirs of every kind at Sanborn
& Vail's. 741 Market street. •
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Study Abroad.
A benefit in behalf of Miss LJia "Whaley,
who has been recently graduated from
the Berkeley Blind School, will be given
by blind artists at Byron Mauzy Hall, 308
Post street, on "Wednesday, May 8. Miss
Whaley has been blind since she was 3
years old, but by great natural aptitude
and .indomitable perseverance has be
come an accomplished young lady with
strong musical tendencies. Competent
critics have spoken most favorably of her
musical ability, and the object of the
benefit Is to assist her in taking a course
in music at Berlin.
The proposed benefit concert will be ren
dered by friends of the young lady. The
demonstration of what apparently insur
mountable obstacles those afflicted with
blindness may overcome will be a source
of great interest to those who may attend
the concert. Those who will take part
besides Miss Whaley are Miss Paraskosa
Sandelin, Miss Marie Hartman, Mrs. Hal
let, Lucien Baclgalupl, Henry Foster and
Louis Zeiss and pupils from the San Fran
cisco Conservatory of Music.
BLIND ARTISTS ARRANGE
BENEFIT FOB A FRIEND
Lila Whaley, Berkeley Blind School
Graduate, to Be Assisted in
Very narrow little moldings— entirely
new invoice— of the newest • novelties In
gilts, bone ebonies, cherry, green and
brown birches, light and dark oaks, and
every tint and color of mat boards to
match, at Sanborn, & Vail's, 741 Market
street. •
The Daintiest Picture Framing.
The most encouraging news to-day came
from Point Pleasant, where the river be
came stationary and later reports show
that it is falling aa far down as Marietta
and Parkersburg. In some of the smaller
places bells were rung, cannons fired and
jollification meetings held when the sta
tionary stage was reached. Preparations
are being- made for demonstrations of re
joicing throughout the Pomeroy Bend to
morrow. Pomeroy, Middleport and other
places in , that district have been badly
Inundated, and hundreds of families
driven from their homes. The railroad
stations at these places were under water
and the offices moved to higher ground.
Since the crest has passed there is great
alarm at Ashland, Ironton, Huntington,
Portsmouth and other lower points, where
the crest of the flood is now passing and
where false reports have been circulated
about another rise. One of these reports
was that there had been a cloudburst up
the Big Sandy, seriously affecting Cat
lettsburg. The flood had caused the nat
ural gas pipe line supplying this place to
burst and the people were -left without
light or fuel there. • The large rolling mills
and factories at this place were compelled
to shut down for the same reason. From
that point to Cincinnati the rise fluctu
ates from one-tenth of an Inch in some
hours to almost three-tenths in other
hours, and when it increased to-night
there was renewed alarm at Ironton and
Portsmouth and points opposite them.
The weather bureau here, however, re
ports to-night that a second rise is not
threatened, and that the flood continues
to pass out of the Ohio 1 Valley more rap
idly.
CINCINNATI. April' 23.— While the Ohio
River Is reported to-night as falling', from
Pittsburg to the mouth of the Big Kan
ahwa, almost 300 miles, there is still much
distress from that point to -Cincinnati,
about 200 miles. The weather bureau still
predicts that the limit will be reached to
morrow and there will be still less trouble
below the city. 'While alarming: reports
come from Portsmouth, Huntingdon, Cat
lettsburgf and intermediate pbints to-night,
the weather bureau says the outlook is
really encouraging and the beginning of
the end will reach Cincinnati to-morrow,
when the stage will not exceed 58 feet.
The Big Sandy and other lower tributa
ries are falling, as well as the head
waters. . ¦
Still Alarm Is Felt With
Good Reason at Lower
Towns.
As River Gets Stationary
the Bank-Dwellers
Celebrate.
SLOW BUT SURE
IS OHIO'S FALL
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24.
TO SAIL..
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters 'at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
• chants* Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 23 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the- 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
m
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
.' Ridicule is a blow from the fist, wit
the prick, of a needle, irony the sting of
a bee and humor the plaster which heals
all these wounds. :
P. C. Kelly, Assignee of the Boston
Clothing Co., 773 Market Street,
Will sell to-morrow 1200 men's suits for
$4.65 a suit. These suits are retailed for
$15 to $20. Made of all wool material. In
dark and light effects- of cheviots and
tweeds in gray, olive and mixtures, sin
gle or double breasted: cut In the very
latest styles. Look at the windows. The
suits are exhibited and will be sold for
$4.65 a suit at the Clothing: Assigned Sale
of the Boston, 773 Market street, near
Fourth. SBU*1
To-morrow 2000 pairs of men's vicl' kid
shoes, worth $3.50 every pair of them, for
only $1.65 ) a pair at the Bankrupt Shoe
Sale of the California Shoe Co., 1506 Mar
ket street, above City Hall avenue. • '
1506 Market Street.
Every spring the Southern Pacific gives
a popular low rate excursion into the San
ta Cruz mountains, the idea being to give
those "who intend to so down thero for
their summer outing a chance ' to look
over the country and select a location.
This year's event will take place on
Sunday, May 5th, and the rate and other
details will be substantially the same as
in former years. That is, the excursion
will be by the narrow, gauge, leaving San
Francisco at 7:45 a. m., and ample stops
will be made at Alma, Wrights, Laurel,
Glenwood, Campus, Felton, Ben Lomond,
Rowardenan and Boulder Creek, so as
to give excursionists time to look around.
Round trip , tickets will be $1 25, and the
excursion will be in charge of William
H. Menton," the company's excursion pas
senger . agent. Five or six hours will be
divided among the places named. Those
who wish may stop off at intermediate
points and join the train on its return.
Cruz Mountains May 5.
Go on the Excursion to the Santa
TO FIND YOUR
SUMMER CAMP
Notice has been received that Point Delgada
bell buoy, painted black and marked "Del
g-ada" In white, used as a guide for entering
Shelter Cove, California, Is disabled. The bell
does not ring. It will be repaired aa soon as
practicable.* ',
The Mariposa will arrive from Honolulu
this morning, the Nippon Maru Is sched
uled to arrive from the Orient Friday, but
will probably arrive Thursday afternoon;
the Mariposa sails Saturday and the Pa
cific Steam Navigation Company's Peru
and Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao are due from Central American
ports on the same date. The Australia
sails for Tahiti Sunday and the San Juan
for Panama on Monday. The Pacific Mail
Company's Peru and the Panama Rail
road Company's Argyle are due from
Panama, and the Sierra from Australasia,
all on Monday.
The British ship Vanduara, fifty-two
days from Caleta Buena; the French bark
Marthe, forty-six days from Iqueque, and
the British ship Ladakh, 150 days from
Antwerp, all arrived in port last night.
The following has been issued by the
Lighthouse Inspector:
Water Front Notes.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
It is suspected that the men who per
petrated the robbery were In Memphis
last night. A short time before the west
bound train over the Kansas City, Fort
Scott and Memphis left the Calhoun
street station, at 8:30 o'clock last night,
two men approached the ticket window
and asked for tickets to Bridge Junction.
Ticket Agent Coltart and Night Agent
Washington were on duty at the time.
They declined to sell the ticketsto that
place, as no trains stop there. The men
insisted on buying tickets, both apparently
anxious to board the outgoing Kansas
City train. They, stated that tickets were
wanted for several persons.
The supposition is that the robbery was
planned to take place at Bridge Junction
and that the robbers were the men who
wanted tickets to that point last night,
their purpose being to go to Bridge Junc
tion on the Kansas City train at 8:30
o'clock and wait for the coming of the
Choctaw express, which reaches Bridge
Junction about 12:03 a. m. .
General Agent Longacre of the Wells-
Fargo .Express Company, who went to
Hurlbert, near the scene of the robbery, on
the outgoing train. this morning, returned
this afternoon. He said that every effort
was being made to apprehend the bandits
and that private detectives and special
agents of the railroad and express com
pany were engaged on the case. Owing
to the bottoms being overflowed he does
not think the bloodhounds will be abl« to
trail the robbers. The Wells-Fargo Ex
press has a standing reward which- will
apply In . this case. Mr. Longacre thinks
the robbery was the work of seven men.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 23.— Detectives
have been working all day at the scene of
the daring tr^n robbery on the Choctaw,
Oklahoma and Gulf road near Iron Moun
tain Crossing, Ark., at an early hour to
day, but so far no arrests have been made.
It is stated by an official of the Wells-
Fargo Express Company that the bandits
secured less than J300.
No Clew to Miscreants'
• Identity Found by-
Detectives.
TRAIN ROBBERS
STILL UNKNOWN
BERLIN. April 23.— Discussing M. Del
casse's visit to St. Petersburg, the Na
tional Zeitung remarks that "the common
action of France and Germany in tha
present ¦ expedition gave offense to Rus
sia." ¦ '.":
Count Lamsdorff entertained M". Del
casse at dinner to-day. The French Em
bassador, the Marquis of Montebello, and
the chiefs of the French embassy -and
members of the French staff were pres
ent. The French Embassador will give
M. Delcasse two official dinners during
his stay here, to one of which literary
celebrities will be Invited. M. De Wltte,
the Russian Minister of Finance, will
also entertain M. Delcasse at dinner. It
is understood that the Czar will receive,
the French Minister of Foreign Affairs,
but will not Invite him to dinner.
ST. PETERSBURG, Monday, April 22.—
Local speculation concerning the visit
here of M. Delcasse, the French Minister
of Foreign Affairs. Is apparently not
formed from authentic reports. One ver
sion, which Is told with the greatest posi
tiveness In spite of its Inherent Improb
ability, is to the effect that the French
Government has received from an un
named source what purported to be a
plan for a British-German war against
France, supposedly in some colonial dis
trict. M. Delcasse, it is added, communi
cated the contents of the plan to the Rus
sian Embassador at Paris, Prince
Curouseff, who, however, laughed Incred
ulously, pronouncing the project a hoax.
M. Delcasse Is said to have been not sat
isfied and to have wired Count Lams
dorff, the Russion Foreign Minister, ask
ing if It would be agreeable for him to
come to St. Petersburg and discuss tha
matter. Count LamsdorfC consulted with
the Emperor, who gave an affirmative
reply. M. Delcasse has presented Count
Lamsdorff with the Grand Cordon of the
Legion of Honor.
Will Be Entertained by-
Other High Officials,
However.
DELCASSE NOT TO
DINE WITH CZAR
Signor Luzzatti alluded to the Agrarian
protectionist demands in France, Ger
many, Austria-Hungary and Switzerland
and asked: "Must we resign ourselves to
our fate or defend ourselves, and how
shall .- we defend ourselves? I shall an
swer these questions at the agricultural
meeting to be held In Florence in May,
but I am inclined to believe that the voice
of the Agrarians is not that of their Gov
ernment." *
BARI, Italy, April 23.— Slgnor Luzzattl,
the former Minister of the Treasury, de
livered an Important speech to-day on the
commercial relations between Italy and
other countries. Referring? to the United
States, he said the provisions of the treaty
of commerce between France and the
United States, if they had been approved
by Congrress without an equivalent un
derstanding: with Italy, would have driven
Italy out of .the American market. A
kind of universal fury was spreading- in
the United States, where, he declared, the
fruit growers of California and Florida
had forbidden their Government granting
the slightest facilities to Italy In treaties
between Italy and the United States. i
It Would Have Driven
Her From American
Markets.
FRENCH TREATY
BAD FOR ITALY
Steamer Movements.
ma, for Port Townsend.
CALLAO— Arrived April 23— Schr Winslow.
from Whatcom.
MAZATLAN— Sailed April 23— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
DOVER— Passed April 22— Br ship Falkland
bank, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 22— Br ship Clan
Mackenzie, for San Francisco.
NAN AIMO— Arrived April 22— Stmr Mineola,
from Port Los Angeles, and sailed April 23 for
Port Los Angreles.
BEATTYHEAD- Passed April 23— Br stmr
Glenfars-. from Tacoma.
DUBLIN— Arrived April- 22— Br ship Cortez,
hence Dec 26.
MANILA-Arrlved April 22— U B stmr Kin
tuck, from Astoria.
Sailed April 22— U S stmr Sheridan, for San
Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed April 22— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived April 23-Stmr Scotia,
from Genoa.
Sailed April 23 — Stmr Mesabe, for London
(not before) ; stmr Tauric, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 22— Stmrs Ro
man and Vancouver, from Portland.
GLASGOW— Sailed April 23— Stmr Monte
vldean, from Portland.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived April 23— Stmr Hohen
zollern, from New York, for Genoa.
BOULOGNE— Sailed April 23— Stmr Batavia,
from Hamburg, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived April ! 23— Stmr Fi
nance, from Colon. |
SALINAS CRUZ— Sailed April 13— Bark Colo-
EASTERN PORT.
TACOMA— Sailed April 23— Stmr South Port
land, for San Francisco; schr Marion, for San
Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived April 23— Schr
Oceania Vance, hence April 12.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aaril > 23— Schr
Orient, from San Pedro; schr Lena Sweasey,
from Guaymas. April C2-Stmr Santa Bar
bara, from Eureka.
Sailed April 22— Stmr Coronado. for San
Francisco: pchr Laura Madsen, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEKD- Sailed April 23— Ship
James Drummond, from Chemainus, for Free
martle.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed April 23 — Bktn
Skarit, for Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived ADrfl • 23— Stmr South
Coast, hence April 21; schr Ottillie Fjord, hnc
April 1!. '
Sailed April 23— Stmrs North Fork, Alcatraz.
Aberdeen and Eureka, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 22— Ger ship Nere
us, from Hongkong: Br ship Thirlmere, from
Panama; schr Volunteer, from San Pedro.
Sailed April 23— Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed April 23— Br stmr Bel
gian King, for Hongkong.
PORT - GAMBLE— Arrived April 23— Schr
Ruth E Godfrey, from Port Townsend; bktn
Skarit. from Honolulu.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed April 23— Schr
Eric, for Santa Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. April 23, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 30 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
April 2L lat 35 02 N, Ion 126 W— Br ship
Khyber, from Astoria, for United Kingdom.
Feb 14. lat 57 S. Ion 69 33 W— Fr bark Wul
fran Pueet, from Iquique, for United King
dom.
SPOKEN.
Tuesday, April 23.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Simr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Signal, Bengregaard, Columbia River.
Stmr Bonita. Nonander, San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
U S stmr Albatross, .
Schr Bessie K, Nielsen, Coos Bay.
Sehr Lily, Bottger, Umpqua.
Schr CoauHle, Anderson, Coquille River.
SAILED.
Ship Isaac ¦ Reed, Holmauist, Bristol Bay;
Alas-ka Packers' Association.
Bark Electra, Petersen, Alitak; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Tuesday, April 23.
Stmr Pomona. Shea,' Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Cue?n, Thomas, San Diego; Goodall,
CLEARED.
Tuesday, Ar>ril 23.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Brasg. i
Stmr Newbure, Petersen, 75 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 52 hours from- Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 42 hours.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 50 hours from Coos
Bay.
Xor stmr Titania, Egenes, 4 days from Na
nairno.
Fr ship Marthe, Maurin, 46 days from Iqul
que.
Br ship Ladakh, Hannah, 150 days from Ant
werp.
Br shin Vanduara, Beavan, 52 days from
Valparaiso.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Shippings Merchants.
The Addenda will load lumber on Columbia
River for Callao at 65s, prior to arrival; the
C. S. Holmes, lumber at Grays Harbor for
Santa Rosalia; the Fulwood. wheat at Port
land for a direct port on West Coast: the Rod
erick Dhu, merchandise for Hilo; the TV. F.
"Witzemann, lumber at Grays Harbor for
Honolulu; the Ruth K. Godfrey, lumber on
Puget Sound for a direct nitrate port, 61s 3d,
prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
New Floating Dock Building.
A new floating- dock for Spear street is
being built at Hunters Point for the Cal
ifornia Dry Dock Company. It will cost
$120,000 and will be 270 feet long and 85
feet wide. It will be completed and In po
sition next September.
The big steamship Hawaiian had a nar
row escape while on her way here from
New Tork. While entering the harbor of
Saint Lucia she struck on a rock. As
she made no water it was thought the
damage was slight. When the vessel
arrived here she was discharged and
placed on the drydock. It was then dis
covered that there was a dent fourteen
feet long by ten feet wide that will re
quire the removal of five plates and seven
frames to repair. Luckily the damage
was over a water tank. Had it extended
seven inches farther aft the Hawaiian
would have filled and sank.
Accident to th.e Hawaiian.
Otto Gildemeister. is to be sold at auc
tion next Monday. The chances are that
she will be purchased by San Francisco
parties and resparred. It is very doubt
ful whether she can be got. under the
American flag. The hull is said to be only
slightly damaged and spars, sails, rig
ging, anchors and chain do not count
when it comes to repairing a vessel for an
American registry. A case in point is that
of the British ship Willscott. She put in
here dismasted and was later sold to John
Rosenfeld's Sons, •who repaired and put
her under the Nicaraguan flag. Later she
got a Hawaiian registry and came under
the American flag with annexation.
The Otto Gildemeister was formerly the
British ship Zemindar. She is 2009 tons
net burden and was built In 1885 by Hnr
land & Wolff of Belfast. She is 292 feet
6 inches long, 39 feet 7 inches beam and 23
feet 5 inches deep. She was sold to the
Germans last year by T. and J. Brockle
bank of Liverpool. She -was on her way
to the coast from Yokohama when she
was caught in a typhoon and dismasted.
Reinsurance on her went as high as 90
per cent and now that she has been con
demned there seems to be a doubt as to
whether the gamblers will get their
money. It is a knotty question and will
have to be settled in a court of law. There
was not much money risked on the vessel
in San Francisco.
THE United States army transport
Warren will go into commission
again next Saturday and will leave
for Nome with army supplies May
1. She has been thoroughly over
hauled at an expenditure of more than
$150,000, and is now in better condition
tha,n when she was purchased from her
German owners at the outbreak of the
war. Ever since ehe came in from Ma
nila more than 500 workmen have been
busy on her engines, boilers and interior
f ttings and hardly a single repair now
remains to be made.
New tubes ruid furnaces have been put
in and new connections have been made
to the boilers. The engines have been
thoroughly overhauled and the cylinders
bored and new pistons put in. The bal
last tanks have had new tops puts on,
the piping system for fresh and salt water
has been renewed and all the sheathing
has been torn out and the hull cleaned
and painted and new sheathing- put in.
A new electric system and an evaporator
with a capacity of 3000 gallons has been
installed. The decks have been over
hauled and recalked, a new smokepipe
and new butchering put in the boilers and
a. new smokestack put in. A new steam
launch has been added to the equipment
and a new storeroom, new galley and
new quarters for the engineers have been
fitted up. A new bronze propeller replaces
the old one.
Nearly all the old ot5cers were trans
ferred to other vessels. Captain James
Barneson will go out in command and
Captain H. Stanley will be quartermaster
captain. Captain Stanley was formerly
aid on General Otis' staff at Manila. W.
H. Phillips, formerly first assistant engi
neer of the Thomas, will go out as chief
of the Warren. Other positions will be
filled from vessels now in port.
?
rOABDHTG MASTERS WBOTH.
Sailors Leave Vessels at Honolulu
"Without Paying Bills.
Men Tfho went to the islands to fill the
places of striking: mates are not in the
best of humor and the coasting boarding
masters are vowing- that they will not
supply sailors to the vessels plying be
tv.-een this port and Hawaii.
The bearding masters find that the sail
ors they trust leave their vessels at Hono
lulu and they are left to whistle for their
money.
In the cases of the boarding- masters
end c'.cthiers the men leave here owing
them bills and never come back. In the
old days a sailor shipped for the round
voyage. He does the same thins now,
but if he demands his pay at Honolulu
the law says he must get it. All hands
quit the Gerard C. Tobey at Honolulu,
eight men left the Roderick Dhu at Hilo,
ten men cult the Georee Curtis, four men
the Irmgard. five men the Mauna Ala at
Honolulu and from three to six men every
vessel that went from here to the islands.
Every one of these sailors owes the board
ing rraster and outfitter a. bill.
The Shipowners' Association and the
Seamen's Union have the matter under
discussion and the chances are that some
remedy will be devised. The shipowners
aM Friday and the seamen Saturday
next.
Otto Gildemeister to Be Scld.
The hull of the dismasted German ship.
THE UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT •WARREN, "WHICH WILL. GO INTO COMMISSION AGAIN NEXT SAT
URJ5AT. SHE HAS BEEN OVERHAULED AND REPAIRED AT A COST OF $150,000, AND WILL. MAKE HER
FIRST RUN TO NOME WITH SUPPLIES.
THE SAN FB AKCISCO ( CALIy APRIL 24, 1901.
Engines, Boilers, Decks, Interior Fittings and Crew's Quar
ters Renewed and Remodeled at an Expenditure of
Alore Than One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars
ARMY TRANSPORT WARREN IS REPAIRED
AND AGAIN PLACED IN COMMISSION
5
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 24
Mandalay Coqullle River Apr. 24
Eureka Humboldt '.." '.. Apr. 24
Marlposa Honolulu Apr. 24
North Fork..... Humboldt Apr. 24
Corona Newport Apr. 24
"Washtenaw Tacoma Apr. 24
Fulton Humboldt Apr. 25
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 25
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 25
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 25
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay Apr. 25
San Pedro Humboldt Apr. 25
South Coast Humboldt Apr. 25
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Apr. 26
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. 26
Acme Tillamook Bay Apr. 26
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 26
South Portland Tacoma Apr. 26
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Peru Valparaiso via Panama Apr. 27
Mackinaw Seattle Apr. 28
Queen San Diego Apr. 28
Bonlta Newport Apr. 28
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr. 29
Peru Panama & Way Ports Apr. 29
Crescent City. . Crescent City Apr. 29
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 30
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 30
Argyll New York via Panama. Apr. 30
Coronado San Pedro Apr. 30
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.
Pier.
April 24.
Argo CoqulUe River .... 12 m
Queen San Diego Sam
H^ades Seattle & Tacoma 4 pm
April 25.
Arcata Coos Bay 4 p m
Doric China & Japan 1 pm
Rainier Seattle & N. What 3 pm
April 20.
Empire Coos Bay 10 am
Mandalay Coquille River 10 am
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Corona Newport 9 am
Eureka Humboldt 9 am
April 27.
Newburgr Grays Harbor 5 pm
Mariposa Honolulu 2 pm
North Fork. . . Humboldt 9 am
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay. 5 pm
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
April 28.
South Coast.. Humboldt 10 am
Australia Tahiti direct
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am
April 29.
San Juan Panama & "Way Pt 12 m
April 30.
Tanls Hamburg & Way
Bonlta Newport 9 am
Coronado Grays Harbor
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 13
PJISS
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 27
Pier 11
|Pler —
Sun rises g.^?
Sun sets .'..**:I:!:*;.'6i63
Moon sets q :M a m-
Time Time Time Tlme|
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L W H W I, AV
24... 3:08 6.5 10:10—0.2 6:25 4 9 10-30 3 2
25 ... 4:16 6.0 11:11 0.2 6:21 5.0 11:52 2.t
26 ... 5:31 4.7 12:09 . 0.5 7:14 5.2 . . .
L W ' H W L, W H W
27 ... 1:03 2.4 6:47 4.5 1:01 0.8 7:56 5.3
28 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55 1.1 8:39 5.5
29 ... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 2:40 1.4 9:16 5.5
30 ... 3:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50 56
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Apr. 24
Mandalay Coqullle River Apr. 24
Eureka Humboldt '.." '.. Apr. 24
Marlposa Honolulu Apr. 24
North Fork..... Humboldt Apr. 24
Corona Newport Apr. 24
"Washtenaw Tacoma Apr. 24
Fulton Humboldt Apr. 25
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 25
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 25
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 25
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay Apr. 25
San Pedro Humboldt Apr. 25
South Coast Humboldt Apr. 25
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Apr. 26
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. 26
Acme Tillamook Bay Apr. 26
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 26
South Portland Tacoma Apr. 26
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Peru Valparaiso via Panama Apr. 27
Mackinaw Seattle Apr. 28
Queen San Diego Apr. 28
Bonlta Newport Apr. 28
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr. 29
Peru Panama & Way Ports Apr. 29
Crescent City. . Crescent City Apr. 29
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 30
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 30
Argyll New York via Panama. Apr. 30
Coronado San Pedro Apr. 30
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.
Pier.
April 24.
Argo CoqulUe River .... 12 m
Queen San Diego Sam
H^ades Seattle & Tacoma 4 pm
April 25.
Arcata Coos Bay 4 p m
Doric China & Japan 1 pm
Rainier Seattle & N. What 3 pm
April 20.
Empire Coos Bay 10 am
Mandalay Coquille River 10 am
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Corona Newport 9 am
Eureka Humboldt 9 am
April 27.
Newburgr Grays Harbor 5 pm
Mariposa Honolulu 2 pm
North Fork. . . Humboldt 9 am
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay. 5 pm
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
April 28.
South Coast.. Humboldt 10 am
Australia Tahiti direct
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am
April 29.
San Juan Panama & "Way Pt 12 m
April 30.
Tanls Hamburg & Way
Bonlta Newport 9 am
Coronado Grays Harbor
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 13
PJISS
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 27
Pier 11
|Pler —
Sun rises g.^?
Sun sets .'..**:I:!:*;.'6i63
Moon sets q :M a m-
Time Time Time Tlme|
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L W H W I, AV
24... 3:08 6.5 10:10—0.2 6:25 4 9 10-30 3 2
25 ... 4:16 6.0 11:11 0.2 6:21 5.0 11:52 2.t
26 ... 5:31 4.7 12:09 . 0.5 7:14 5.2 . . .
L W ' H W L, W H W
27 ... 1:03 2.4 6:47 4.5 1:01 0.8 7:56 5.3
28 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55 1.1 8:39 5.5
29 ... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 2:40 1.4 9:16 5.5
30 ... 3:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50 56
Whlto House Cook BovU—
This week 75 O
Peok'8 Bad Boy—OtiLj complete il-
lustrated edition; this week BBC
Dr. Chase's Recipos — An invai-
' uable collection of over 1,000 practical recipes,
i!u;trated, en'arged and revised edition; pub-
lisher's price, 52.50; this week 8BO
Unofo Tom's Cabin — Art Mem-
. oral e.icion, published at $1.50; thi) week
4So
Special Sale |
Groceries, Liquors, g
Bacon — The best* Eastern sugar cured; 5
regularly 1 8c lb. ; on special sale to- "'
day (Wednesday) only f BZ 1 g% {!
Soda Cracker s — % boxes (about 10 lbs.); 3t
new and crisp; regularly 45c a box; special £
to-c"ay 33O X
Rice— Best Carolina Head... .4, lbs. 2BO jf
Sa polio — ( Enoch Morgan's) 4 bars 25c •*
Baking Powder — Our Emporium brand; qua'- «
ity guaranteed; money back if you want it; &
t>day on'y, I lb tins 30 C {[
Coffee— Choice fami'y blend; lb.. 20 O ••
Port or Sherry — High grade qualities that please &
hundreds cf our customers; to-day only; per S
£a'Jon 75O *
Ginger Ale — Cantell & Cochrane's; to-day jf
only; per doz-n $f*45 &
McBraycr's Whiskey— Straight goods; jj
a very superior $1.00 per bottle art- £
icle; on special sale to-day M
only 75C 5
This has been the great :st ribbon sale in the history of the big store. We
began on Monday with the balance o'f a New York manufacturer's stock
(more than 15,000 yards) of this season's bsst style in all-silk Fancy Rib-
bons, and have had to add several other lines in order to keep the sile going
the three days promised in our Sunday's announcement. The new additions
are even better than the original lots. The ribbons arc worth at least double
the sale prices.
Fancy Corded Taffeta All-s:lk Ribbon, 37 choice co!oring3, for trimmings, how and hair ribbons,
and fancy corded brilliant silk hemstitched Taffeta Ribbons, in rich color'ngs, all i# Kg%
inches wide — on special sale, per yard %M %*
imported 3^-inch 25c A'l-silk Brilliant Louisine Weave Fancy Ribbon, in 8 popu- 'f^/^^
' lar sjlid colors, for ne:kwear ani millinery — added to sale tj-day, at, per yard m*W%S
Fancy Striped Taffeta Ribbons for th: neck, 3^ inchei wi.'e, delicate colorings and 40 TFg*
latest novelty — on special sile, per yard m m %W
Double-faced L-berty Satin Ribbon, 4^| inches wile, soft weive, brilliant luster,
regu'arly 45c a yard — on special sale at mO MJf
Mirk's Juvenile Special Sale of
* Soap, 25c Box, Writing Paper,
Thtse are th: Jarge s:zj cakrs of this fine ** *^
soap, the Just a few hundred boxes of these finest makes of
* * ut P" cc °^ Writing Paper and Envelopes, to be closed
J^§?5*^p^^xj|5?j>V*^ Weguaran- Crape's Bond Envelope*— 6-inch sirs, 125 in
*? ¦* to - bc * fco*. re s u »iy 75 C ; »-J*y 23c
0^^*g£T l jm*- the genuine ' ° „' ' J ' * — ~w^
K'rk's Ju- Paper and Envelope;— r*+ sheets of paper and
veni!e Soap — We have secured ano her lot of a j envelopes in box, these regu'ar 50c quali-
500 boxes at a price which enables us to place fa — Hurd's regimental gray, Hurd's satin
it on sale for Wednesday only f&Kg* wove, Wciting's French organdy; 0%m m
bOX Of 3 GakeS.. . . &%*** to-day only, per box dSYC
Last, Day of Ribbon Sale.
Shoe Sale* fr~2t *
Ladies* fine quality Vici Kid Shoes, •1^^^/ Jt
lace or button, cloth or kid top, z/y I {J
new coin toe, flexible soles, -— «1 11
patent leather tips, all siz:s, KN* [^^,Jl %
and all widths, regularly 2» mJ'J 2"
I2.50 per pair; on j&^AtfJ '*
special sa'e to-day Jt'^^v'^ 5
(Wednes J a.r) only %
Sale Belt Buckles.
/ /0i lfil_ The entire line of a manufacturer's stock of ladies'
. J^|5^?^S^^^> fi QC grade Belt Buckles, styles the very latest, and the
manufacturer's brand upon each buckle as a guarantee
<flp[»^|M^*||3j^ of superior quality and finish. On special sa'e to-day
n^T <|5r only at less than hall their value The special prices
' will be — .
25c, 35c, 50 o, 65c, 75c, SI.OO, $1.25.
1000 yards of a 47-inch all-wool cheviot serge, splendid quality and weight,
in all colors, including the very popular shades of res:da, old rose, biscuit,
three shades of gray, golden,' brown', navy, etc. This serge has been selling
all the ssason at 75c a yard, and is a superior value at that £S^Wf%
price. To-day your only chance to get it at %J^T%0
75c Dress Goods 54c.
This Offer for To-Bay Only
Another of the big store's inviting Dress Goods bargains for Wednesday. About
Antoffoan Family Physician,
Revised 1901— Gives in detail the causes,
symptoms and treatment of all diseases. Com-
piled by eminent specialists, published at $4. 75;
this week .$1.75
NOW Hand Bible— Divinity Circuit,
. red under gold edges, silk head bands, linen
lined, contains 32 pages of half tone engrav-
ings, 8 colored maps and standard helps to the
study of th; Bible, minion type, size S% x 7}4-i
publisher's price this week .... 7Qo
| Cushion Tops. s Wtt$& SFiiPHi&I! 11111 Photo Albums. :|
tf 500 Tinted Cushion Tops— with backs EB m|S^L PL»»9J" J5j[^ li| H^^H Su'itab'e for Pocket Kodak or; Sam? "*
*£ to match, catchy designs, woith 35c 19 H^^^ jg W gSl Photos, regularly 50c each, a spscia ly .1
j£ - v tnd 50c each, to-day **B W^~ 4Sl©8k2<t5ni < Htl38# ftaZJUir* "5 bought lor, today only, j*j, jf
g XOC caufornia-s LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. «** 5
I World's Best Books, 3 for $LOO. \
ft •
i O//r phenomenal Book Sale continues until closing time- Saturday night. J
g Library Edition of Standard WorKs, fine cloth binding, stamped sides and buck, d£f QQ i
g gilt top; publisher's price 75c; our special price this week 35c, 3 for *P* m **** £
J» Abbe Constantln Donovan Hypatla Pair of Blue Eyes. A Tom Burke of Ours 9
ft Aesop's Fables Dream Life Initials, The Pathfinder, The * Thelma •£
• Arundel Motto - Duty In the Golden Days Pilgrim's Progress Three Guardsmen £
m Attic Philosopher Egyptian Princess, An Jane Eyre Pride and Prejudice Three Men In a Boat «*
Jf Averil Emerson's Essays Kenll worth . Reveries of a Bachelor .Tollers of the Sea "£J
Jf Bacon's Essays Fifteen Decisive Battles Knight Krrant Robinson Crusoe Tom Brown at Oxford
ff Bondman, The of the 'World Lamplighter, The Romance of Two Worlds Tom Brown's School Days
jf By Order of the King Firm of Glrdlestone Last Days of Pompeii Romola Two Years Before the Mast £
S> California & Oregon Trail First Violin ' Longfellow's Poems Schonberg Cotta Family Varda J*
ft Character ¦ -Forty-five, The ILuclle Story of the Gadsbys "Vendetta X
ft Chevalier d'Harmental From Earth to the Moon Man With the Iron Mask Scarlet Letter, The What's Bred In the Bon* ,*V
• Chevalier de Malson Rouge Gil Bias Merles Crusade Self Help Waverley M
K Child's History of England Gold Elsie Masterman Ready Sesame and Lilies "Westward, Ho! Jg
m Cloister and the Hearth Good Luck .Micah Clarke Silence of Dean Maltland "We Two tg
Jk Consuelo Green Mountain Boy, The Moonstone, The Sir Gibbie < "White Company. The \
Jf Corinne Grimm's Household Tales Newcomes, The Sketch Book, The "Whlttler's Poems (Early) £
5 Countess of Rudolstadt Grimm's Popular Tales Ninety- three \ Spy, The "Wide, Wide World C
»? Cranford Hardy Norseman, A Old Mamselle's Secret Twenty Tears After "Window In Thrums "J
<^> Data of Ethics Heroes and Hero Worship Old Mlddleton's Money Tom Jones Wreck of the Grosvenor. «•
» Days of Bruce History of a Crime Oliver Twist Tale of Two Cities The Jt
J Deemster, The Holy Roman Empire On the Heights Twice-Told Tales Zenobla X
• Deerslayer, The Hunchbagk of Notre Dame % Pendennls Jl
K Ama ffoan Family Physician, Whito Houso Cook BotfU— Bili Nvp's Remarks — a collection £
Jf Revised 1901 — Gives in detail the causes, TIl!s week 75O ot ths brightest and wittiest and most enter- ji
6 j e 11 ¦• • • ' * n *'m '*% m mm *\ < i •« tainine of Bill Nye's stories; puhlisteJ at &
ft symptoms and treatment of all discajeg.- Com- Peck's Bad Boy— Only complete il- « a 00 thii week SSo 5
I pncdb y cminentsp S ciali S t.,publi S hedat^7S; edidon; thi, w^, ..35O Unrlva , od FamUy \
X this week $1. 75 Dr. GhaSB's ROOlnOS—An inral- A Ua9 O f fhO World— The latest 5
!£ New Hand BiblO— Divinity Circuit, ' i»Me collection of over i,ocx> practical recipes, editon, Geographical, Historical, Political, 5
f . red under gold edges, silk head bands, linen pirated, en'arged and ¦ revised edition; pub- Statistical, contains 170 maps of modern 3»
jf lined, contains 32 pages of half tone engrav- Usher's price, ¦$%. 50; this week 85O Geography, 46 maps and plans of chi:s, {J
If ings, 8 colored maps and standard helps to the fJitOfO Tom's Gstbfn — Art Mem- Chronology of the United State*, etc., etc., \
K study of th: Bible, minion type, size 5 J4 x 7}4i or.al e.ition, published at f> 1.50; thii week the mm complete Atlas published; ckrh, Jc
5 publisher's price this week. . . .7Qc 45c $2*50; half Morocco.. $3*25 •*
g . : — — — ; ; %
% 75c Dress Goods 54c. 2 s " m ociai Sato I
K _-»- m 4^-- - ¦ _ - —i +* B Children's Gowns, *
I This Offea*foa* To-Bay Only <*** 5
J «^ «i^ CA-Z^i pre Gowns — inser- Jt
Jf Another of the big store's inviting Dress Goods bargains for Wednesday. About XjGJS- k°" * nd edge , of em " %
j? iooo yards of a 47-inch all-wool cheviot serge, splendid quality- and weight, /fO^i cuffs-si/J foTagw %
jK in all colors, including the very popular shades of res:da, old rose, biscuit, /^fiffiyr\ 6 » 8 » IO and ** 3c
If three shades of gray, golden,' brown, navy, etc. This serge has been selling V*5»«\\\ V yeaT * — for whlcl1 the 5
•f all the ssason at 7?c a yard, and is a superior value at that EZJ§** lfi&> , l\ prices were 75c, Soc,
5. • t j 1 u » •* * m%£&'G l\ i' -'A 85c and 90c, accor;- 5
g price. To-day your only chance to get it at. %J-W*0 1} I \ . \ .J g fQ «j I
! Sa/e fie/I Buckles. ¦ %^ iPtSI!
g 'S*' JB» The entire line of a manufacturer's stock of ladies' G okeT whh'fin^'n? 5
if ' finC gfad= Bdt BuckI "' StyI " the V " Y ktCSt ' and dlC broidery-dzes for infantt lTom6 months^ *
K c^^®l#^y)^^^ manufacturer's brand upon each buckle as a guarantee i>^ ycirs; prices worth 75c and 85c; to-day jf
*»' of superior quality and finish. On spscial ja'e to-day all at the uniform spscial price, jmg~ *
X Tasaf^ only at less than hall their value. The special prices each * 5C 5
[This Tells The Story 1
> One Opinion token from, over one thousand testimonials 3
I received from the most prominent physicians all over the world, i
I DATID WALSH, M. D., C. M. Edln., Phj-iieian to the t
J ' Western Skin Hospital, London, England, writes t i
5, " I have found Hunyadi-Janos to answer every purpose and I invariably prescribe 2
J it, partly because it can be obtained anywhere and everywhere, partly because of its 3
> uniform action, and last, not least because it Is preferred by my patients." i
JEunyadiJanos CURES Constipation]
\ Dyspepsia, Biliousness and all Stomach and Liver Troubles.. \ j
> No Medicine in the world has received such widespread endorsement {
| LABEL ON BO TTLE is BLUEwith Red Centre Panel j
You will do well to read the free offer
at the bottom of this ad. rejjardinE: some
literature which tells more fully what
White Cottolene is and how to use it
BThe NXFafrbank Company,
Chicago-Sols Mtnnf acturers.
CDFF! OuT dainty booklet.
rUCC - A Public Secret."
mailed free to any address.
For two 2c etamps we will
send free our J25-page recipe
bock. "Home Helps," edited
P, S.-dNo Hojg Fat in COTTOLENB
It is a product made from re*
fined vegetable oil, and makes a
crust that is as healthful and nu-
tritious as it is appetizing and de-
licious.
made its appearance all of them
joined in a mighty chorus of
praise, because of its splendid
shortening properties and entire
absence of taste or odor.
White
Mrs. Rorer
and all the rest of the good cooks
know that a shortening agent
must be unobtrusive when pies
or biscuits are to be made, but
clever as they are, they couldn't
hide the "lardy" taste in those
good things to eat as long as hog
fat was the only shortening — and
so when
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMTORKTM.Nearly 50,000 immigrants entered this cbuntry dur
ing the month of March, so it will be seen that our
prosperity is' attractive ar the greatest show ori earth.
Senator Hoar recently expressed regret that he had
given his life to politics instead of to law; but as it
is well known the Senator never acts as he talksj his
regrets have not led any one to suppose he thinks
of resigning. \ . /. !/. ,)
It is reported that extensive preparations are being
made .for the coronation of King Edward, next yeaf.
and it is possible his Majesty will get up a spectacle
that will help to elevate t the stage by giving them an
object lesson in the way of a royal show.,- .'*-'";
The law applies only to Inhabitants and
not to those who are merely passing
throug-h the State en route to some other
country.-
A DEED AND HEIRS— L. W. M.. City.
Alden, Cal. The general form of a dead
"grants, bargains, sells, remises, releases,
conveys, aliens and confirms unto the
party of the second part and to his helr3
and assigns forever all the following de
scribed,", etc. A person receiving: such a
deed has a right to dispose of the propcrty
ln any manner he sees fit or he may mort
gage it without consulting "the heirs." In
common law an heir is a person who by
right of birth succeeds to the real estaie
of his ancestor immediately after the tat
ter's death. An heir Co*es not acquire any
interest until the death of the ancestor.
\A UCH in the way of ill news has come of late
/ \ from Austria. The continuous wranglings in
* * the Reichsrath and the repeated outbreaks of
discontented and unemployed workingmen have held
the most conspicuous place in all dispatches from the
empire. Indeed, so ominous of disaster have bean
nearly all reports from Vienna that the public has be
come well-nigh convinced of the correctness of the
prediction . that upon the death of Francis Joseph
there will be an outburst of civil war which will not
end until the empire has been dismembered and
blotted from the political map of Europe. '
It appears, however, that affairs are by no means so
bad in the Austrian empire as they seem, when atten
tion is confined to political disturbances. The people
arc enjoying a fair degree of prosperity and have
from an industrial point of view bright prospects be
fore theni. That much -is made evident by the show
ing of the results of the recent census and by the
announced programme of public works to be under
taken by the Government. % .
A report from the Unired States Consul General at
Vienna to the State Department at Washington,'giv
iilg a summary of the Austrian census taken in De
cember, is to the effect lhat the present population of
the Austro-Hungarian rrcnarchy is about 46,890,000,
or slightly greater than that of Japan. With reference
to population Austria-Hungary is the seventh country
of the world. During the last ten years the popula
tion of Austria alone has increased 9.3 per cent, a
more rapid growth than it has experienced, in previous
THE BRIGHT SIDE OF AUSTRIA.
Winter is stilhlingering in the lap of spring in the
East, and yet the people are already wondering what
they will do for ice this summer. It seems they are
never happy over there. . : •
The report that the Kaiser is writing a book af
fords some explanation of his insistence that" lm
speeches shall not be published by 'the newspapers.
He doubtless intends to work them over in the form
of an historical romance and wishes them to have
something of a novel appearance when they appear
in book form.
The introduction of coffins made of paper is not in
itself surprising, for in these days paper is being used
lor almost all sorts of articles from napkins to car
vheels: but it is a little odd that the applicant for a
paient on the new style coffins should be apracticing
physician. It would be ? rather dubious proceeding
to call to the sick a doctor who has coffins for sale.
A very nice problem has arisen in connection with
the operation of the Chicago drainage canal. The
sanitary authorities decided that to completely carry
away the sewage and prevent the contamination of
the rivers into which Use canal empties, there should
flow through it 400,000 cubic feet of water every min
ute; but the result was the immediate lowering of the
lake 'evcl to a point :hat made navigation dangerous,
and r.c-.v Secretary Root has ordered that the flow b£
limited to 200,000 cubic feet. The question is whether
navigation or public health is the more important, and
the argument upon it between St. Louis and Chicago
is getting hot enough to raise the temperature all over
the Mississippi Valley.
It is reported that at a recent session of the Loyal
Legion Congress in Washington President McKinley
joined in singing "Columbia, Gem of the Ocean," so
if we wish to give him in California a better chance.
than he ever had anywhere else it should be arranged
to let him sing a solo.
The great issue that concerns the Western world is
r.ct the conversion of Chtna, but the conversion of the
Christian nations to Christianity.
It is an evil for whi;h plain speaking is the only
medicine. The more plain speaking the better for ac
tual Christianity, which is not a dogma that must be
taught with Krag-Jorgensons and written in the blood
of slaughtered innocence, but a life to be lived in illus
ttation of the gentle and humane precepts of its
fovnder.
The result is that *hose of good heart, the lovers
of humanity, those wIid believe in manhood honorable
znd in womanhood undefiled, are averting their faces
from that which is taught as Christianity, and the very
lands which send forth the soldier to kill and the mis
sionary to convert are falling away from a system
in which the people detect such a gulf between pro
fession and practice.
The worid should this time be sufficiently informed
of the Chinese situation to conclude that wisdom re
t.ufres that the secular Governments of the Western
powers should cease til participation as Governments
in the so-called evangelizing of China. Secular and
SAcrosanct partnershio in China has caused a thou
sand murders to one tonversion, and has defiled an'!
destroyed, spread woe, sorrow, dire death and dis
tress, and has soaked the soil with the blood of the
innocent. It has done worse tl»an this. It has propa
gated in the Christian world the most awful heresy
that the mind can conceive. It has caused it to be
preached that these crimes must of necessity accom
pany the evangelizing of a people, and that they are
the chosen process of the Almighty!
IT is reported that the numerous appointments of
Chinese with anti-foreign tendencies alarm the
missionaries and other foreigners as to the fu
mre. Why should it not? We have no doubt that the
election of strong anti-Chinese public officers in this
State alarms the Chinese, but let any candidate run
ci. a pro-Chinese platform and take his medicine. In
view of the established and undisputed facts concern
ing the conduct of the foreign armies in China, what
are we to expect of human beings with the experience
the Chinese have with foreigners?
ALARMS IN CHINA.
The new plan will be an improvement upon the
old, and from it there may come the formation of a
comprehensive system of, forest control and preser
vation. The issue is one toward the solution of
which* the National Government might well lead the
way. It would also be beneficial to the whole coun
try-if New Jersey would undertake in good earnest
the plan that has been proposed there. The Ameri
can people are prompt to follow a good example of
business, and if New- Jersey can at the same . time
save her forests and make an increasing profit from
them'it would not be long before other progressive
commonwealths would follow her lead.
In addition to the movements undertaken in the
various States there is also a demand for a better
system of forest control on the part of the National
Government. As has been pointed out by a recent
report on the subject: "The system of forest control
now in vogue is at once inadequate, inharmonious and
expensive. There are virtually three divisions of it —
one under the direction of the Geological Survey, one
under the control of the Land" office and one under
the direction of the Division of Forestry of the De
portment of Agriculture — and because of this division
of authority and a consequent lack of concert in ac
tion the service is by. no means as thorough • as . it
should be. • The plan for consolidating these various
branches under a single head has .been adopted by
Secretaries Hitchcock and Wilson after a careful study
of the whole situation, and. under it the Interior De
partment will continue to exercise the' power cf
policing forest reservations against fire and unlawful
timber cutting, while the general work of forest cul
ture and extension will be conducted by the Depart
ment of Agriculture." '
There appears to be nothing in the way of exag
geration in the estimate. The forest area of New
Jersey is 2,o6q,8i<J acres. From those woods there
were cut last year and sold lumber and timber in one
form or another amounting in value to more than
$4,000,000. The principal items were: Railroad ties,
$625,000;; telegraph and telephone wires and poling,
$100,000; fuel for domestic consumption, brick and
tile manufacture, $2,400,000; fencing, $365,000; logs
and bolts at mills, $692,537. There are other sources
by which it is believed at least a million dollars more
is added to the aggregate value of the timber an
nually cut. .
New Jersey is one of the States that has been
promptest to engage in the work. A plan has been
proposed there which is said to be more comprehen
sive than that of any other State in the Union. ' Its
pirn is nothing less than the acquirement by the State
of all the remaining forests within her borders and
of all barren lands that cfcn be used for forest.cultiva
tion. The promoters of the plan estimate that if it be
carried out and the forests be cultivated upon busi
ness principles the . State will within a few years be
pble to obtain from the woods a net revenue of not
less than $500/000, and thus add a large pecuniary
profit to the benefits which will result from the mere
pieservation of the woods. , '
rROM the floods that ,have swept along the
streams and the rivers of the East this spring
new. and forcible arguments will be drawn to
confirm the growing conviction of the people that.it
i£ high time something were done to provide for the
protection and preservation of our forests. It has
been fully demonstrated that the floods are due in a
large measure to the wasting of the woods. Streams
that in former years flawed with an even volume of
water through the summer now rush down in torrents
in the spring. Once they furnished ample power to
turn mill wheels and promote industry all the year
round, but now they -flood the mills in spring and
leave them dependent upon steam for motive power
during the summer.
BETTER FOREST CONTROL.
Duels in New England are very rare, but the re
cent story of a duel fought by two Boston men over a
collar button shows that when an issue large enough
to interest the New England intellect arises the New
Englander will fight.
"The Legislature shall provide for the
levy and collection of an annual poll tax
of not less than $2 on every male inhabi
tant of this State over 21 and under 60
years of age, except paupers, idiots, in
sane persons and Indians not taxed. Said
tax shall be paid into the State school
fund." -¦ ¦ * ¦
POLL TAX— L. M. N., Arlington, Cal..
and J. T. S., City. The collection of poll
tax in the State of California Is under
the following provision of the State con
stitution:
HI-A-WAT-HA- A. S.. City. Hi-a-wat-ha
was the reputed founder of the Iroquois
confederacy, composed of the Mohawks,
Oneidas, Onondagas, Cayugas and Sena
cas. - As to the early life of Hiawatha,
which is Indian for "wise man," if ha
ever lived, Is not known, but tradition has
it that he came from above and dwelt
among the Onondagas. It is said that he
was the son of Mudjeekeewfs (the West
Wind) and of Wenonah; and that his
mother, dying In his Infancy, he was
brought up by his grandmother, Noko
mis, daughter of the moon. : He represents
the progress of civilization among the>
American Indians.
THE FISHING LATVS-SubscTiber.
Corning, Cal. The fishing laws of Cali
fornia are numerous. To give a synopsis
of them would take up more space in this
department than can be given to one ques
tion. If you will state the county you
wish to know about in which nsh may
be caught, and the kind of fish it la de
sired to flsh fori the answer will be fur
nished. Those who desire to find the fish
laws in full should consult the Penal Coda
of the State.
THE "WALNUT— C. "W., City. The wal
nut can be raised fruxn the nut, but a bet
ter result is obtained by grafting. The
tree bears in about twelve years and con
tinues to bear for about twenty years.
The tree that is. grafted bears sooner
than the one grown from the seed. "What
a full bearing tree will produce depends
upon the kind of nut and the size. The
common walnut tre« produces about fif
teen pounds of nuts to the bushel.
SQUARE— VT. G., Angel Island, and L.
M. N., Arlington, Cal. There la no differ
ence between a square foot and a foot
square. Each represents twelve square
Inches on each side. The same rule ap
plies to a square mile and a mile square.
GKNERAL GRANT— W. H.. City. Gen
eral Grant, in his tour around tha world,
reached San Francisco on the 20th of
September, 1379, arriving from tha Orient.
that th«y ax« turned In. as space -will permit.
Questions are easily asked, bat answers ara
not easily obtained in every Instance, §o i£
correspondents do not see the answer two or
three days after they send In the Query they
should not feel disappointed.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.— Answer* to onerles
•ent to this department are sent in aa ioon as
obtained and they appear In print In the order
Californianfl in Washington are:
Raleigh— Georgr* Loewenberg. San Fran
cisco; Bhoreham— M. IX Bayles and wifa.
Los Angeles; St. James— W. M. Manning.
San Francisco. ' " .
CAXiTFOJLNJJUNS TN "WASHIIN GTOH
NEW TORK, April 23.— Th» following
Calif ornlans are In Now York: From San
Francisco— F. W. Clarke, at Harold
Bauare: J. TJeutsch, at Bart*aol<H; F. J.
Donan, at Oilsey; C. Ti. Durnell, at Hoff
nisn; O. S. Smoat and ¦wife, at Imperial;
S. M. Heyman, at Rossmore; M. Levy, at
Herald Scuare.
From Los Angeleo— H. Lombard, at Im
perial; Miss C. C. Thorn and.C. E. Thorn,
at Marlborouarh.
CAUXO&NZAJXS IN" NEW TOBIC.
WEDNESDAY APRIL 24. ' 1901
'JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor/"
Conunnnleitions tj W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
JHAXAGEITS OFFICE.. Telephone P_55^2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Press 202. .; ?
Delivered l»y Carrier". 15 Cent* Per Weelr.
Single Coplea. 6 Cents.
Terms by BlafJ. Including Postaset
riAILT CALL (including: Sunday), one year J«.O0
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months J.00
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday). 3 months 1-50
DAILT CALL-By Slnrle Month «5c
WEEKL7 CALL. One Tear 1-00
AH poitmnttem are authorized to receive
subscription*.
Sample copiai will be forwarded when requested.
Mall eubscrJbers In ordering; chanee of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OA.KL.AXD OFFICE ..1118 Broadway
C. GCORGI3 KROGXESi. .
Ktiikfer foreign AdrtrUiing, Mirjnette Building. ChieagJ. *
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.*')
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C CARLTOS Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN* II. SMITH 30 Tribune RaUdlnc
NEW TORK HEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. IJrentano, 21 Union Square:
Murrey Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hcuse; P. O. New* Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Kctise: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., X. W.
MORTOX E. ("RAM:. Correspondent.
jBRASCn OFFICES 127 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:C0 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. <<33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
P 20 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
enrner Sixteenth. npMi until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
«:rtil 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-Second «nd Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
. "Artists as Lecturers for Clubs.
The writer speaks from experience, hav
ing given many similar demonstrations of
the processes! of sculpture. The interest
shown by people of all ages and classes
Is a constant - surprise. We like- to see ;
things done, and having once seen, we
retain some impression ever after. It is;
a bond of closer sympathy with the art
ist and his productions. "I shall never
see a 'statue a grain without thinking of
your work in the clay," "I had no idea
hew it was done." "I want to thank you
for opening a new world to me"— such are
expressions familiar and . ever grateful to
the lecturer's ear.,: . f • ;_
-Now, let an accomplished, landscape,
man bring his canvas and blackboard and,
after illustrating the classic forms of com
position, sketch and- paint in a modern
landscape from an out-of-doors study., It
need not be a "finished" picture, but sure
ly in an hour and a half a good man
should be able to work up a very impres
sive'"buckeye,", while throwing out a
shower of interesting side., hints on va-'
rious methods of .technique, juxtaposition
of colors, values, etc. By, the aid, of the
stereopticon the processes of etching could
be illustrated In the same way, and other
arts as well. •'. There are accomplished
masters of these' professions who are
ready and ¦willing to do such work from
time to time. Their charges would not
be exorbitant and the united art circles
and clubs of the State ¦will soon be able
to conunand anything that they want."
Forming the Critical Faculty.
The reference above, to composition
.brings us to another point. Art has its*
fundamental , principles. '-.which, .if under
stood, make all " things clear; - ¦which, if
ignored, leave the student helpless and
muddled. It is not enough to know how
a yainter or a sculptor. does things: it is
even more important to know why he
does,, and /why,- on • grounds *¦ entirely re
moved from, sentiment, one result is bet
ter thajj another. .-Here such- works, as
Van Dyke's ''How to Judge a* ; Picture"
and his ; more advanced "Art for Art's
Sake" are helpful. I The best thing that
I have seen on . the elementary principles
of art is that opening number of the "Uni
versity Lessons on; the* Fine Arts," writ
ten by Russell Sturgis. This is really a
Helpful Methods for Beginners.
The first of these is a "speaking ac
quaintance," at least, with the processes
of the arts. How can one hope to make
much out of the history of painting with
out a knowledge of what painting is; its
possibilities, its limitations and its vari
oug means and methods? To whom shall
we go for this knowledge if not to the
painter himself? -
The old method of "thinking up papers"
on art has largely given way to the
labor-saving invention of employing a
•'leader", to write them. By this simple
device many clubs are now supplied at a
low rate with critical essays charged with
emotion and discreetly enlivened with kit
ten stories and tales of the painters' loves.
Such a system of vicarious study has its
advantages, but suggests further devel
opment: why not learn of those who can
speak with authority? A course in the
history of painting is proposed; what
would introduce It more fittingly than a
demonstration of the artists' methods by
a skillful portrait painter? We have sev
eral of them in America who could do It
well.. Let him pose a striking model be
fore the audience, arrange his lighting
and accessories, make his" drawing (or
have, it iready). set his palette and then
"paint in" the head and surroundings
with fit explanation at each step. Would
this not make an. interesting and highly
instructive entertainment? Would it not
be something entirelv new to the larger
portion of his audience? Such an initia
tion could not fail to make them feel bet
ter acquainted with Rubens and Velas
quez, with Sargent and Zorn;
X.-AET STUDY IN WOMEN'S CLTTBS.
To the women of America we "owe the
preservation of the fine arts in this coun
try during an age of unprecedented com
mercialism.
Without the enthusiastic support of the
women's clubs art and literature alike
would be practically extinct throughout a
large section of the United States. "Were
our womankind as indifferent to these
branches of culture as were their grand
mothers a few decades, ago their very
names would • soon ' become obsolete and
meaningless. Our twentieth century man,
absorbed in his fascinating.game of busi
ness," with its high stakes and narrow
horizon, would soon.be reduced to a most
limited vernacular. The few gentlemen of
fortune who possess taste as well, the oc
casional student, the schoolmaster with a
liking for literature, the lame and the in
valided who have dropped out of the
great Struggle and find solace in art—
these all together. form so email a per cent
of the mighty, active aggressive popula
tion of the interior that by themselves
they count for nothing at all in the propa
ganda" of \ ways esthetic. By themselves,
be it noted, for reinforced as they are by
the moral strength of an Amazon army
crusading under the banner of "The True,
the Beautiful and the Good," they in turn
become positive influences. And even the
producers, the writers and the artists
gentle, unclassified dreamers that they
are, lost amid swarming wealth-winners—
feel now.and then the unwonted. Joy. of a
sympathetic comprehension; Imagine
themselves for the moment in an "art at
mosphere." ..-.'•,
"I want to knew" seems to be woman's
motto in these days. In choosing art as
one.oLthe subjects of greatest appeal the
clubs have selected the most delightful
and at the same time the most elusive of
themes. -, • -
¦ You can study arithmetic out of a book;
you can learn a great deal about the ge
ography and geology of the world while
imprisoned within the four walls of a
schoolroom. Grammar and rhetoric, soci
ology, political economy and even theol
ogy are to be had in neat packages, like
condensed soups, ready tor use when
properly thinned out. But art is not so
complaisant. It is neither a mathematic
formula nor a synopsis. It is more than a
zinc etching or a half tone. You can learn
a vast deal about it and yet know nothing
of it. A class may study the history of art
for months and yet remain unable to tell
a good picture from a bad one. A club
may compile monumental essays on j art
for twenty years and yet fail to recognize
a masterpiece unless It be labeled.
Difficulties in Art Study.
To illustrate how the unguided student
may travel all around a subject and quite
miss its vital essence imagine an art cir
cle endeavoring to comprehend the work
of Claude Monet through the aid of re
prcductions in black and white. How ot
ten they have been discussed by the hour
without a suspicion of their real signifi
cance in the evolution of art! The half
tones show only what the pictures lack;
their absence of sentiment, their Indiffer
ent composition, their shortcomings, ac
cording to all classical precedent. Of
their sparkling sunshine, their delicate
tones, their exquisite values the reproduc
tions give no notion. Beside a neat Bharp
photograph of one of Gerome's groups
they would be voted unworthy of atten-
Take as another example the sculptures
ofM. Rodin. To the conscientious begin
ner gazing upon single views of figures
in the round how perfectly incomprehen
sible some of those strange creations
must appear! It Is impossible that. they
should convey in any wise the sculptor's
point of view. A single glance at the Bal
zac would convince the, average self-re
specting admirer of the Apollo Belvldere
that M. Rodin is a fraud. Yet he is con
sidered by many artists and critics the
greatest of living sculptors. •
It is evident that what the art classes
need most Is familiarity, not with books,
but with the real thing— with art itself.
Histories and textbooks of art are neces
sary, and papers prepared and papers
heard are helpful, but there are two or
three things which should precede and
which would illuminate all of this re
search, giving it a new significance.
Prepare^ by ¦ Experts -and Specialists 'for
"The'SanFrXncisco Calk
What American Women, Organized Into
I Clubs, Have Done to develop the
- - ; : Stud'y pf ; the Fine Arts.
;[¦ "' : By 7Xjorad.o Taft.
(COPYRIGHT, 1S0L)
masterly exposition of the subject and
"should be In every family"— at least, in
every art club. •
•Other numbers of this eminently prac
tical series take up the history, of archi
tecture, of sculpture and of painting
throughout the ages, giving on the whole
the best outline of these arts that has
been offered in a single work of corre
sponding scope. It is not superficial lik«
the little textbooks, nor -is It expanded
into an encyclopedia of prohibitive size
and price. A great advantage which it
possesses over the familiar standard
works lies in its being the latest, and
bringing things up to date. One can nnd
information anywhere regarding Dona
tello and Botticelli, or even Burne-Jonea
and Bastlen-Lepage, but to gain a just
estimate of Besnard. of Frank Brangwyn
or of Winslow Homer is a more difficult
matter, and Involves an endless search
through magazines of many months and
years. . ' .
Art Studied In the Light of History.
The thing which the ••University Les
sons" do not provide, however, and which
no book offers, is that "local color" so
necessary for the full comprehension of
any work of art. ,To understand a pic
ture or statue we must know what man
ner of man created Jt and for whom the
work was done.' To understand the people
we must know the period and the common
possessions of the time. Art can. only be
studied appreciatively, when accompanied
by general history. To estimate a master
piece properly we must be able to view
it In the light of his own era, to disso
ciate it from, all that has been done since
— and to which it may have contributed.
It takes a good deal of knowledge to be
able thus to divest one's self of knowl
edge, to live for the time being in"a given
period of the past. And to put one**
self in the place of the artist who cre
ates for very joy of doing, or in the atti
tude of his publio, enthusiastic and de
vout, it maybe, or critical and discrimin
ating, requires not only knowledge but
imagination. It demands qualities of
heart as well as of mind. To grasp a great
work fully one must know Its original
purpose, its location and its associations.
Some of these things we can never know.
Impossible is It for us .to look at anything
through the eyes of centuries gone. The
work as it stands In the museum, though
complete, has lost half— yes, nine-tenths
of its significance. We realize this as we
stare at our dusty casts of Greek sculp
tors, wrested from noble pediments and
rhythmic frieze. It is not less the case
with the -sculptural florescence of the
gothlc period and rich fruition of the re
naissance; how far away It all seems!
Human nature is always the same, they
tell us, but I venture to doubt If we to
day can share fully the fierce Joy of the
inquisitors or the* exaltation of the crus
aders. Do we grasp the significance of
the church building of the thirteenth and
fourteenth centuries? r>o we realize that
within a circle of 100 miles' radius from
Paris, in a country sparsely settled, there
grew up in that time scores of the most
wonderful edifices that the world has
ever seen? Imagine the northern third of
Illinois studded with such cathedrals as
those of Paris, Chartres, Bourges, Reims,
Amiens, Beauvais, Rouen and all of the
smaller ones! Can we by any stretch of
fancy picture to ourselves the citizens of
Aurora, Elgin and Rockford consecrat
ing their lives, their wealth and their
children and grandchildren to such works
of splendid devotion? We are as intelli
gent as those old burghers of 800 years
ago, and know an enormous lot of things
they did not know, but childlike faith and
pious emulation have waned with the ad
vancing centuries, the world's capacity for
great and lasting enthusiasms has dimin
ished and at this hour we realise feeblv
the. miracle of those buoyant days when
nations were young.
Value of Breadth of View.
It is for this reason that we must do
our best to gain a point of view, to de
velop our emotions, and to thrill, for the
moment at least, in unison with the pulse
beats of those who wrought and of those
who prayed. •
Not only were people busy loving and
hating then, as now, and marrying and
killing as now, and painting and carv
ing, as we do — much less — here and now;
they also amused themselves by writing
chronicles and telling tales and singing
songs. These explain our pictures and
statues and must be studied with them.
That is, sometimes they explain the pic
tures, and sometimes the pictures were
made to illustrate them: often they are,
one and all. the progeny of old folk tradi
tions. At any rate the arts go hand In
hand, and though It may be possible to
know but one, it is a pity, for they are as
like as Italian to French. You can have
both for but little more than the price of
one.
Do not protest that we are piling up an
impossible task for the students of art his
tory. This is not intended for a three
months' course. Nor is it insisted • that
every class begin with Egypt. I am not
at all sure that It is not best to begin with
the known and work back Into the un
known. Be this as it may, my sugges
tion is merely that whereever the class
begins, whatever the period taken up, the
history and literature of the time must re
ceive their full tribute of attention. Try
this method in Ihe study of a single cen
tury or school; search here and there un
til you have built up for yourself a good
picture of the time, until you fairly live
in it. A new world will open before you;
you will never be willing to stop. And the
Kindergarten stories will satisfy you no
longer.
¦ Art of the Past and the Present.
There are clubs so profundly erudite, so
enamored of antiquity, that they seem un
able to come down to everyday matters.
Some individuals are mentally long-sight
ed and can distinguish only objects held
at arm's length. The life of our own time
is too near, too commonplace, for them.
Yet, in a sense, it is for this present mo
ment, for us, that all things have been
created. All of the past has contributed
to the hour in which we live; wherein are
gathered together as in a skein the
threads of a thousand converging influ
ences. Surely nothing is so real, so true
and significant to us who tenant the earth
to-day as this work which our brothers
and sisters are doing. With naught else
can we so fully sympathise; It alone is
tangible and it alone brings with it the
appeal of an iridescent future, misty but
big with possibilities. .
• On the other hand, there is danger of
living so completely and complacently in
the present as to lose much of the lesson
of the past. It is a pity to sacrifice all of
the advantages of a historic perspective.
The present means but. little save in the
light of the past. Association is all that
gives value>to anything. No one can hope
to appreciate the art of to-day without the
standard of a thorough familiarity with
the efforts and achievements of those who
have gone before.
Practical Needs of Clubs.
Each club shoujd have its library; or
else, as Is often the case, it3 "special cor
ner in the local library. There should be
likewise a club librarian or secretary ad
dicted to scissors and paste, indefatigable
in rescuing from the flood of ephemeral
literature and reproductions those things
¦ likely to be of future use. Their value de
pends largely upon classification and ac
cessibility. Every club should subscribe
to one or more of the good art journals.
. The federated clubs will soon be able to
command not only circulating libraries on
special topics and collections of photo
graphs and autotypes, but even good ex
hibitions under capable management, their
own lecture bureau, and possibly a maga
zine on the lines of the Chautauquan, but
specifically planned for their own work.
So much for the domestic life of art
clubs— of that which they can do for them
selves. Later I hope to suggest some of
the things whlf'h they can do for others.
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Corcnado.
Coronado Beach, CaL._ effective after April 13.
$C0 for. round trip, including 13 days at hotel.
' ' Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery st.
Woman may be the weaker vessel, but
she' sometimes contains the stronger
spirit.
Of course The Call is a besotted secular journal, and
the Advocate is a refined, religious and upright or
gan that is mindful of morality and truthfulness. We
leave to it the front of the stage.
The Advocate concludes its caustic attack by say
ing: "Of course it to manifest to all thinking and
iaformed people that this whole string of falsehoods
are given out purely for political effect; not that The
Call has any love for the negro, or cares a snap for
his personal interests. "Such misrepresentation as this
goes a long way toward prejudicing the uninformed
against the Southern people, and especially against
the Southern Methodist Church in the West." We
submit that this is gratuitous. An opinion founded
rpon facts is not prejudice. If Tillman and Mor
gan whom we give as authority, are injuring the
Methodist Church South in the West, we suggest that
the Advocate turn its theological Gatling at them
and raise its siege on The Call. If the editor of that
excellent denominational organ will join the ranks of
the informed he will learn that the policy of the
South, as declared by Morgan, is to disfranchise
the negroes by an illiterate franchise law because their
ancestors were slaves and not voters, and at the same
t*n'e retain their members of Congress and Presiden
iiil Electors. obtained by counting the disfranchised
negroes in the apportionment, though this is forbid
den by the constitution. All frank Southerners, like
Morgan, admit this and cpenly rejoice that the scheme
is a success: In further proof we qall the Advocate's
»erious and religious attention to a news dispatch of
the 22d inst. from Birmingham, Ala., which notes
the close of the campaign in that State for a constitu
tional convention which proposes to make practically
but one change in the State constitution, "the elimi
nation of the negro vote by an educational qualifica
tion." To this is added: "The Democratic party has
pledged itself to see that no white man will be dis
franchised." This maans that the plan followed in
North Carolina and other parts of "the Southern
country" is to be adopted in Senator Morgan's State,
and illiteracy is to hit the black voter and miss the
'A-hite. Again let us express the pleasure we feel in
anticipation of the Advocate's citation of the' statute
of "a certain Northern State" of which such a law "is
the exact copy."
If the exception of tn illiterate white voter from
the law because his grandfather voted, and the in
clusion of an ignorant negro because his grandfather
was a sla%'e and could not vote, is not depriving him
of the ballot because of his ancestor's previous condi
tion of servitude and ;s not a violation of the Fed
eral constitution, we would like to know what would
violate it. Senator Tilhran of South Carolina says it
is 3 violation of the constitution, for which "exhibition
of ignorance or malice*' we turn him over to the Ad
vocate for discipline.
"As operated in the Southern country," the law, for
example, in North Carolina, provides that if a man is
descended from one who was a voter prior to the date
of the fifteenth amendment he is excluded from the
operation of the law, though himself illiterate, and
remains a voter by reason of the franchise of his an
cestor. As no negro was a voter "in the Southern
country" prior to the adoption of the fifteenth amend
ment, none can vote on the franchise of his ances
tor. This has come to be known as "the grandfather
clause" in the law "as operated in the Southern coun
try," but the Advocate says that law is "an exact
copy of a statute of a certain Northern State," refer
ring, we suppose, to the law of Massachusetts. Now,
will the Advocate please to specify a certain North
ern State, or any Northern State, which has a "grand
father clause" in its law to exclude illiterates from the
franchise? If it cannot do this will it please to with
draw its'charge that in discussing a public subject of
prime importance The Call shows ignorance or
malice? -
The Advocate says: 'The Call, to have been fair,
should have informed its readers that the law en
forcing these measures (negro disfranchisement) is an
exact copy of a statute of a certain Northern State,
and, also, that the law as operated in the Southern
country is against white and black alike."
He also advises that in. view of the success which
has so far attended the disfranchisement of the negro
it is best to work quietly and with as little discussion
aj possible. He concludes also that the passage of
the Congressional apportionment bill and the count
ing of the electoral vote may be taken as evidence that
the North does not intend to interfere. If quoting
Morgan is evidence of ignorance or malice we will
have to plead guilty.
Our critic read us carelessly. We have quoted a
letter written by Senator Morgan to an editor in Ala
bama in which disfranchisement of the negro is highly
approved and his expulsion from the South is advo
cated. The Senator cays that when -such" expulsion
is accomplished, the Southerners "will be a free and
happy people."
THE Methodist Advocate, organ of the M. E.
Church South, published in this city, denounces
an editorial in The Call on expulsion of the
negro from the South as "Ignorance or malicious-
EXPULSION Of THE NEGRO
¦William A. Pinkerton of Chicago 13 at
the Palace. £¦•'.
J. MY Griffin, an oil man of Madera, la
staying at the Lick.
Ex-Judge W. H. Hattpn of Modesto is
a guest at the Lick.
W. Porter, an attorney of Fresno, Is a
guest at the California.
E. B- Snyder, an oil man of Coallnffa,
is a guest at the Lick.
J. S. Miley, an oil man of Bakersfleld,
is a truest at the Grand.
The Rev. John T. Bryan of Stockton la
a guest at the Occidental.
F P. Tuttle. an attorney of Auburn, la
registered at the Occidental.
B. F. Brooks, an oil man of Bakers
field, is a guest at the Palace.
Andrew Mulr. a railroad contractor of
TJkiah, is staying at the Lick.
J. M. Barney, a mining man of Dutch
Flat, is staying at the Palace.
F. C. Chlnn, accompanied by his wife,
is down from Sacramento and Is staying
at the Palace.
State Senator R. "W. Irwln of North
ampton, Mass., accompanied by his wife,
Is at the Occidental.
T E. Fisher of the Colorado Southern
railway, accompanied by his sister, Miss
Katherino Fisher, arrived yesterday from
Del Monte. They Intended spending a
few days In this city, but last night they
received a telegram stating that their
brother was dangerously ill in Texas and
they immediately left for that State.
PERSONAL MENTION.'
Dr. T. L. , "Ward of Yreka is at the
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
When those great improvements are under way,
when workingmen are earning good wages, while
merchants and manufacturers and landowners are find
ing new benefits from the increased facilities of trans
portation, the people may think twice before permit
ting the politicians to involve them in civil war. Evi
dently there are statesmen in Austria who understand
their business, and who are going about it with vim
and vigor. . .
The. programme of public work recently announced
i^ a notable one and will go far toward settling the
labor question by affording work for virtually all the
unemployed. It has been announced that the general
scheme of the Government is to cover Austria with a
network of railroads mid canals. Nearly $100^600,060
will be spent in the" next five years for railroads, and
a considerably larger sum will be used in the course
of a dozen years for canals. The railroads will com
prise a great trunk line running from the northern
provinces across the Tauern Alps to Trieste, with
branches and connections which will make it a high
way of traffic not only for Bohemia, Moravia and
Upper and Lower Austria to' the coast, but also for
Bavaria and Saxony; thus, it is hoped, enormously
augmenting the importance and prosperity of Trieste
as a center of commerce, i As to the canals, one is to
connect the Elbe with the Danube, and another is
to connect that with the Oder, the Vistula and all the
Galician rivers, thus opening a waterway clear across
Europe, from both the North Sea and the Baltic to
the Black Sea. . ¦'...'
Such an increase of population during the decide
is a better showing than can be made by any other
country in"- Europe, with the sole exception of Ger
many. It is now fairly certain the British census just
taken will not show, anything like such an increase.
Where population advances at such a rate there must
be something ~of gencial prosperity, and it would
appear, therefore, that the wrangling politicians of
the Reichsrath are not to be looked upon as true rep
resentatives of the people.
decades. The present population of Hungary is about
19.200,000. Its rate, of growth in the last ten years Has
been 10.7 per cent, or slightly more rapid . than in
Austria, but slightly less than its own rate of growth
in the ten years preceding. ¦:¦ -' • vC ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1901.
ness."
Grand
6
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
¦ • ¦ ;
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In fire-eteiied boxes or Jan bas-
kets. 639 Market, \Palace Hotel building.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
¦ * ¦ —
When it comes to losing a collar button,
a detective Is usually as unsuccessful in
trying to find it as any other man. • •
ADmTISEMENTS^^
HOLE IN THE LUNGS
There are thousands of men
and women, as well as ever,
with holes in their lungs: con-
Sumption stopped.
What did it?
Some change in way of life
and Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil.
, A hole in. the lungs, once
healed, is no worse than a too-
tight waist or waistcoat. Take
the emulsion and give ft a
chance to heal the wound.
Well send you a Ettle to try, If you LTce
SCOTT & BOWNE. 400 P«,l street. K« ml**.
Call ftubscriber* contemplating a olinnge of
renideace dnrlng the summer months can bar*
«*>elr paper forwarded by mall to tlielr new
¦ddreieei by notify Ins: Tbe Call Onainear Office.
Thin pajtcr irlll also be on sale at all summer
reports cud 1m represented by « local acent In
all tavru* «n tbe coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
Ontral— "A Fair Rebel."
TJvoli— •The Id^I> Eye."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "The Conquerors."
Grand Opera-hauw?— "Under Two Flags."
California— "The Evil Eye."
Oirmpia, corner Mapon and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«nd eveninc.
* Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Hall— Lecture.
Tanfcran Park— Races.
AMUSEMENTS.Pyrography. machines, skins for burn-
Ing and wooden novelties. New lot and
low prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. . • . •
Eastern Crooks in Court. .
The preliminary examination of, Joe
Green, alias H. A. Hudson and C. H.
Merrill, noted Eastern crooks,' on the
charge of grand larceny, for stealing a
diamond pin from F. C. Berry at the Or
pheum, April 16. was commenced before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. The witnesses
examined for the prosecution were Berry,
the complaining witness; Policeman Da
vis, Detective Hammill and Special offi
cer McCabe. * Attorney Mack, for the de
fense, asked for a continuance till to
morrow, which was pranted.
REIS' TESTIMONY
HELPS SULLIVAN
Treasurer's Paying Teller
Aids the Forger's
Defense.
The preliminary examination of Daniel
J. Sullivan on the charge of having 'orged
the signature of Police Judge Cabaniss
to an order for the return of $1640 bail
money put up by Wong You for the re
lease of fan-tan players on March 13
was commenced before Judge Conlan yes
terday morning. The defendant was rep
resented by Attorney T. J. Lennon, and
Assistant District Attorney Weller con
ducted the prosecution.
As In the case of the Evans forged
crder that was heard before Acting Judge
L«ong and dismissed. J. O. Reis, paying
teller In the Treasurer's office, gave testi
mony that will probably result in the dis
charge of the defendant. He again stated
that the indorsement of Sullivan on the
order was not essential and it might just
as well have . been the indorsement of
Jones or Brown. He also caused a sen
sation by declaring that Judge Cabaniss
wrote his signature in a dozen or more
different ways and he believed the signa
ture to the order was genuine.
The first witness examined was Judge
Cabaniss. He was shown the order and
swore positively that his signature had
been forged and that he had not author
ized any one to sign the order for him.
In cross-examination the Judge went into
lengthy statements as to his metho"d of
signing orders, but he denied that he
had signed them in bunches, some in
blank and some filled in. The defendant
had handed him orders to sign, but he
was always careful to see that they were
properly tilled out. He was being cross
examined as to the contents of the com
plaint which he had sworn to when Wel
ler objected and the objection was sus
tained, but the Judge insisted, as a matter
of privilege, that he be allowed to make an
explanation, and he had his way.
Fenton's Signature Also Forged.
John A. Fenton, clerk in Judge Caba
niss' court, testified that no portion of the'
order had been written by him and his
signature had also been forged. He would
not like to swear positively that the
Judge's signature was forged. t
J. O. Reis, paying teller in the Treas
urer's office, testified that he had paid
the demand to the defendant who had
presented it. He thought the defendant
had indorsed it." In cross-examination he
said he did not think he looked for the
indorsement, as it was not essential to the
payment of the money. An indorsement
was only an accommodation to the- office
and he would have paid the demand
whether or not an indorsement had been
on It. If Sullivan had written Jones or
Brown he would have paid it just the
same. What ho looked to was that the
Initials of C. B. Perkins, receiving teller,
were on the corner as a sign that the
amount was correct.
Judge Cabanis' Writing Varied.
Witness 6aid he was familiar with
Judge Cabaniss' signature. The judge
had a dozen ways of signing his name,
and each was different from the other.
He had hesitated In paying orders on the
Judge's signature till on close and minute
examination he had found It to be genu
ine. ..¦•;•.;
He-examined by Weller, Rels said he
believed the signature of the Judge on
the order in question was genuine.
"Can you swear whether or not that
is Judge Cabaniss' signature?" asked the
court.
"At the time I paid It I could not have
sworn to it. At that time I did not ex
amine it closely. I could not swear to It
now," was the reply.
Rels wanted to explain why he did not
examine the signature closely, but Len
non objected and Rels did not press his
explanation.
Captain Seymour testified that the de
fendant had admitted to him on more
than one occasion that he had forged Ca
baniss* signature to the order and had
so testified before the Grand Jury.
This closed the case for the prosecution
and Lennon moved for a dismissal. The
motion was denied and at Lennon's re
quest a continuance was granted till Fri
day., as he wanted time to secure an im
portCJjl witness.
The almost hopeless nature of the at
tempt of the Federal authorities to crush
the traffic in Chinese female slaves in this
State, wnaided by the municipal power,
was exemplified yesterday when United
Slates Court Commissioner Heacock was
obliged to release Kwok Hang Yung, the
female keeper of a house of Ill-fame on
Sullivan alley.
liwok was captured in the raid last
Saturday by Marshal Shine and the Chi
nese P.ureau, headed by Dr. Gardner. Her
attorney, Bert Schlesinger, produced her
certificate of registration before the court
and it being pronounced genuine, there
•was nothing left to do but to release the
woman. Chief Deputy Marshal Farlsb.
hart been requested by United States At
torney Woodwcrth to detain the woman
until the City and County District Attor
ney had been communicated with by tele
phone, and he attempted to do bo. but
MfV Schlesinger insisted upon the imme
diate release of his client under the order
of Commissioner Heacock, and Mr. Far
ith, fearing a suit against his principal
for false imprisonment, reluctantly al
lowed the woman to so.
United States Attorney Woodworth tele
j;hcm-d to the office of District Attorney
i :ying-io:i, laying the facts of the case
beiore the lattefs representative, and ask
ing that the municipal authorities proceed
ngirtnst the woman tor conducting a house
el ill-fame. The reply returned through
the telephone was to the effect that tne
«j?i;ce was not ready to prefer charges,
and that Kwok was oeing Held anyway as
a witness in a Chinese murder case.
No permanent good would have been
ucumpiished by the arrest of Kwck on
the charge suggested, for she would have
jji.id a nne and the incident would have
i oated there.
Kariy in the morning Judge Heacock
haii fixed the bail of the woman at $3000,
cxj.eeting that application would be mads
to that effect, but no application was
:nR«Je. It is not likely that bail will be
nt-ke.j lor In the case of the remaining
seventeen girls at the Christian missions.
They are well housed and well fed there,
untl their owners are Just as well eaiis
litd to let them remain for a few dayt*.
Mr. Wood worth and Dr. Gardner made
a strong light for the detention of Kwok
Hang lung. She lived here at the time
the Chinese exclusion act went into effect,
and compiled with the registration re
quirement of that act. She was registered
a* "other thJin a laborer." The point was
made that as she had admitted that she
had always been a laborer her certificate
had bec-n obtained through fraudulent rep
resentations. Judge Heacock held that
it fiid not matter, because all Chinese in
this country at the time of the goinfcr int..
effect of the exclusion act and who com
plied with the statute by getting regis
tered as laborer or non-laborer were en
titled to remain here.
It is expected that the remaining women
will claim their release either upon certi
ficates or that they are native-born Amer
icans. In the latter event they will be
required to prove their nativity beyond
the slightest doubt.
In the case of those who have been
landed here upon papers by the Collector,
the documents will not be allowed any
weight in the evidence and the women
will be required to prove their status, de
novo. The fact that they are public wo
men will militate against any claim that
they are the wives of merchants, or that
they belong to any other of the privileged
classes. *
CHINESE DENIED LANDING
MTJST B.ETURN TO CHINA
May Not Be Transferred Within the
United States to Vessel for
¦ Mexico or Canada.
A Chinese person, who has been denied
s landing in the United States must be
returned on the ship on which he came
or on a vessel of the same line. He may
not be transferred within the limits of
the United States to a vessel bound for
Mexico or Canada. Such is the decision
of the Commissoiner General of Immigra
tion.
When Customs Collector Stratton took
oftice he addressed an inquiry to Commis
sioner Powderly as to whether Chinese
denied landing- could be transferred to
vessels bound for Alexico or Canadian
l>orts. A clerk in Mr. Powderly's office
answered the communication offhand to
ihr effect that such a course would be al
lowed. When Mr. Powderly was apprised
of what had been done, he wrote an
opinion, taking a contrary view of the
matter. In order to make his meaning
unmistakable he addressed another let
ter to Collector Stratton, which arrived
yesterday. The following is an extract
from It:
The object, and the enly one. contemplated
!n the letter referred to was to Inform you
that un3er the law there Is no authority vested
in th« cdmfnlFtrativ* officers of the Govern
ment to order the deportation to China of sub
jects of that empire who are refused admission
to ports of the United States, such authority
having been conferred l>y legislation only In
the case of those round unlawfully In this
country. The refusal of permission to land,
however. In effect is the same as an order of
deportation to China If rejected Chinamen have
arrived upon vessels plying exclusively be
tween ports of the United States and China
end not touching- on 'he way at foreign ports.
The rejection of a Chinaman, besides. Is a
refusal of permission for him to land for any
purpose or even temporarily, the. only exception
to this brlns his conllr.ement on the dock at
your port, which place of confinement is. in
contemplation of the law, the ship upon which
ho came. It is manirett, therefore, that he
cannot be transferred 10 any other vessel or
nny railroad line with the object of transport
ing him to *ome foreign country, for, of course,
puch transfer would recesMltate a temporary
landing at leart. and any landing, unless he
has been adjudged admissible under the law,
would be a violation thereof. It is plain, there
fore, that «vwy rejected Chinaman should be
retained on board the vessel upon which he
«rrlv««d, or a vessel of the same line, until its
<l»li«rture from territory subject to the Juris
diction of the United States.
The whelp effect of the former communica
tion* to you upon th!* eubjert was simply to
Intimate that nfter paid venue! had pasted be
yond -¦Hid Jurindiction this country had
no further control of the deposition made of
rejected OMnamcn.
Kwok Hang Yung, Captured
in a Raid, Produces
Her Papers.
First Defeat for the
Federal Force Is
Recorded.
CHINESE SLAVE
GAINS RELEASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1901^
7
BAILWAY TRAVEL.^^
SOUTH^l^ACiPld.
Trains l«a«« »n«l uro <Im«» io nrrlie •»»
» MAN ntAN«:iM«:«».
/ (Main Line, Foot or Jiarkct Streal)
UAYB — From April 23, 1301. — arbits
- 7iS0a Beniela, Sutaun. Elmira. Vtcafllio.
Ramsey and H»crmui«iito 7i33»
"«80a Dmtls. Woodland, KnlghU Landing,
MirratlUe. Oroillle 7i(»r
7>80» AtUutlo Kxpreu-Ogden »ad Katt 12i»3r
SiOUa M»rUiies,asn Ukinou, Vallejo. Nkps,
C»li»trg»»ndH»ut» Uosk l»!5*3p
SiOOa LiTermoro, Stockton, ILu ford. Vi;»-
lis, Fonenille 4:33r
BiOOa Kllen. Ltthrop, Merced, Fretuo, Bv
ktnflold 4:33f
Si3Oa Shuta Kipresi— Da»i», William* (for
Bartlett Springs), Willowi, Ked
Bluff, Portland. 7:33f
•iBOa Ban Joie. Literniore, .Stockton,
lone. Hneraineiitn, riacirtille,
Mitryiflllo, Chleo. 1C.1 I'.lnlt 4iS.1r
Si3Oa Oakdalp. Chinese (Yoaemite), Ho-
nor*. Carters 4iS3p
OiOOa Haywards. N ilei and Way Stations. 1 1 :33a
UiUUa Los Angeles Exi>res» — Martinet.
Tracy, Latlirop, Stockton, Mvrccd
Tresuo and Los Angolea 7:35a
O:SOA Van^K Martin*! ana \V«y Htatlom !»:.1.1p
1 0:OOa The OTerlaiul Liiiiltecl — Ogdeu, Uon-
yer, Omaha, Chicago <M»."Sr
tl:OOr SacrmiiKiito Ciirer.Sintiiixrii fSiOiiA
8:80p Hajwarda, Nllva ami Way Ktatlnni. 7t33p
8:3u r FortCoaU. Martinez Lathrnp, Mer-
ced ; BeiBBda (Voeemi e). fresco.. 1 &3*
4iOOf BralcU, Winters. ftacraiueuto,
Woo.llaml, KnllcliU l.mudli>il,
M»rymillr. OrotiilH 10:33a
4iOOp Martluex. Hau lUmon, Vallajo.
Napa. «:»Ii»ti.K«. SnntK IIom Ui9Sa
4 :OOp Nlles, LlTermore, BtocktDn. Lodl... 1 O:33a
4:SUrH*rwards. Nile* Hoii.»i.ni>,Li«rmore f^^A
3:00r Tlie Owl Umited— Tracy. Stcckton,
Fresuo, lUkeraflelcl. Saugii* for
Santa liatbara^Loa Augelea ...... 8:3.t«
StAOr Ilaywardii, Nile* and Han Joae 7:5.1%
fO:OOr Vitllejo 11:05*.
•aOOr Oriental Mall-Ogilen, Cliejenne.
Omaha, Cbicigo l»:83p
•iOOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaba. CliloagOL 4<33p
7 iOOp Oregon and ('alifoTuU Kn'ttum. m»c-
riiinento. Marjndlle, ICaililing,
l'ortlniiil. 1'ngot Huilnil ami Knst I>S3a
SiOSp Ban Pablo. Putt CosU, Mirtlcez
and Way Mtatiulis 11:33*
t»»O3r Vallxjo ¦aiftAf
COAST LINE (Narrow (ia.i^e).
(Foot'til Market Street.)
17:1*a Santa Ciux Excursion to riaoUCioz
and Pr;ncp»l Way Stations J»:O3»
«:1.1* Newark, CjBiit«r»lllr,Haii.1iM«.FeUc>ii,
Boulder Crrek.SanUOruxaiid Way
Stations a-JH>»
failUp Newark, «>nt*i»ll.V, Sail Jom, New
Almaileu. Foltuu, ItouUlur Creek,
Santa Crux aud 1'riucipal Way
Stations .- MJ'jJJ*
4<lllr Newark, Hau Jose, Los G^tos { ji 0 :J»ot
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroa SIR FRMC1SC0— r«t *f UtitUi Slri.l (Sli» I)—
t7:lS 9:00 ll:00l.M. 1:33 3:00 B:18>.M.
rnmOilllKB— FmI •! BraUw.j.— 1«:00 U-00 13:03
10:00».m. 12:S0 3:C3 t:33r.U.
COAST LINE («ro«.l «»n B e).
(Third »nd Townseti.l 8ta.)
«il«t South Man KrancUo. Palo Alto.... ««»«»r
16tlSA Han J<*e ami Way SUlLim........ I»a»F
fitoo a Sunday Eicunloa for ean Jtie.
RanU Cms. Pidflo Grore snd
Principal Way SUtlon* :... J8j3O#
7:30a Cosst Llue Limited, San Jo«e. C.uror.
Bdlnas, 1'sso Uobles. Sin Lois
OUjpo, Lomupc bant» Birbxra,
Los Angeles l«il»»
¦i«OAHan .loio. T>«a Tlnoa. Hunlit rriw.
1'aelile Crote, tallms San LnU
Oblsvo ami Prlndi-«l IntennedUte
KUtloiis i'i 0 '
IOiSOa 8sn Jose snd Wiy Etaiions. 7«3»»
/K»3ua New Aliindwi *?'?!*
• IIiSUa Hau Jois anil \V«y HUUon Si30r
ISi-tar San Mateo, lUdwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, banta Clara. Hau .!¦>¦«,
Tres Pinos. 8auta Crux, Salinas,
Moment ami r»elile <JroT« |IOM3»
liSHpHsn Jose ami Way Htallons «^'»*
Hil»r Sau Joie ami Prinelpal Way Stations »i I^A
43sOOp San Joie. Lo« Gato* and Principal
WaySUtlom <•'*•»
BlJIOp Ran Join ami Principal Way Station! 8;3»A
•i!3p New Orleans Eiprexs, Bin Jose,
Si&U Barbara, Los Angeles, IVm-
ing. El Paio. New Orleann and E»l» 71 1 Ol
•:13p Del Monte. Mooterej. Fadflc Orore.
Lonpoo I»i33r
«iaopfi»-i Jns« ami Way Stations 'l'-!! 4
Olll4ap8anJ0Man.l Way Statlona 7»30»
. A for Monilug. P for Aflernooii.
t Rnnday ucented. ! Pnnday only.
n Saturday only/, J Tu»l«n aud rrtdajm.
|B1 i M Egg B8fi^
r'CHICHCSTCR'S ENGLISH
ENNYRQVAL PILLS
/*>J\9A7E. Ahfayi reliable. LadUa. uk DratffM
IfWti&WsSsZi i» HED mad bold met^IIs boz M . •»>*
TTV -=--Vkf3 ?1t« t>»« ribbon. Taie b» other. JUfa*+
t?1 *^ *%2 ttamgtrom* *nb.tttnUon» and Iml'.rx-
1/7* IB tlo»». Bay of yoar Droj^Ht. or wsd 4e. 'a
I *• Jf itampi fcr Partlaaiara, Te«tlm«nlala
V V . f? «<1 "Relief for Lad lea," (n Utter, b; re.
-A. v ¦ 1/ tarn Mall. 1 0.OiiO T««tImonUl». 8*14 1»
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARXY ST. Established
in 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lo*t Mannood. Debliity or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cares when
others fail. Try him. Cnargrra low.
Car** (uarau »«-«-«1. Call or writa.
Dr. J. I*. tilBBOA . »aa f randscc. Cal.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
¥ Just a little better >
I than an$ other train
I -a little better service-
Is a more homelike
I feeling on the :
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
H than you find elsewhere,
I and it runs like this
I LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO
' 1 9 an Mon Tues Wod Thur Frl Sat Sun
1 ARRIVES CHICAGO
¦ 2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed
1 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
I ON THE fj
PNTAFE J
GALIFORBU HORTfilESTERfi RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
- RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael*
WEEK DAYS~7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33, 3:30,
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m. : *
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.i 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
Sam Rafael to San Franclse*.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50. 9:B>, U:10 a. m.; 12:«,
S:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.H
SUNDATs£sa6, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 1:40.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
same schedule aw above. ¦ -
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclaco. [April 15. 190t.| San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I 8un * I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 aro
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:3j pm 6:22 pm
7-30 am Wlnduor. 10:25 am
HealdaburR.
Lytton. . -.. v . ;
Geyservllle.
8:!Mpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm <:2»pm
7.3O ami I Hopland I U0:2S am
3J30 pml 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pml 8:22 pm
7-30 ami 1 * 10:25 am
' j :00 am | Guernevllle. 7:85 pm
3:30 pro] \ I f.iayta
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
( and
5:10 pm 5:00 pml Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:M pm
•"•10 ami 8:00 ami ' 110:40 am!10:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Bebastopol. 1 7:33 pml »:22 pm
~Star». connect at Santa Rota for Mark
West Sprinsrs ahd White Sulphnr Borinits: at
Lytton for Lytton Sprln««: at Geysen-llle for
BkasKS Springs; at Cloverdale for the Gey-
sers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, Hljh-
land Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Hay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Sprln«. Saratoga iprtngs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Pell Lake. Witter Sprint?!..
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Llerley*s, BucknellV fianhedrln
HeUthtu.Hullvllle.Orr^Hot Springs. Mendpclno
City. Fort Bra**. Westport. Usal. Wlllett*.
Laytonvllle. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. HarrU.
Olsens Dyer. Scotia, and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of nee. 650 Market St.. Chronicle tmild-
"h. C. WHITING. • Gen. Pa*s. Art.
General Manaeer.
¦ m .
Wabash
Tourist Cars
Lv. Chicago.. 11 a. m., Mondays and Thursdays.
Arr. Boston.. .5:20 p. m.. Tuesdays and Fridays.
Arr. New York..3:30 p. in., Tuesdays & Fridays.
Tou can use Santa Fe. Rock Island. Burling-
ton or Union Pacific excursions to connect with
Wabash. Tourist cars. Inquire of your agent
for particulars. <^6£<HMpljBUsBiaelB|
ROSS C'CLINE, P. C. P. Agt.,
paeNSMBBBSn^Los Angeles, CaL
C. S. CRANE. G. P. Agt..
St. Louis. Mo.
The only certain cure for Constipa-
tion. It acts without a gripe, while
you sleep. One dose does the work.
A too-Ps jre Book of Stories and jG 'fd£% f
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free >o %^3-
with evco' 35-cer.t package.
ALL DRUGGISTS.
GRAND' OPERA MOUSE
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tremendous Success of
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER
In the Biggest Hit of the Season,
UNDER
TWO TL ACS
Founded on Oulda's Celebrated Novel.
Prices— 10c, 15c, 25c, BOc. A few seats, 75c.
Good reserved seat in Orchestra Saturday
and Sunday Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Next Week— "MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK."
MATINEE TO-DAY, WED., APRIL 24TH.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c. any part except reserved.
Principal Members of the
HOPKINS TRANSOCEANIC COMPANY and
ORPHEUM IMPORTATIONS.
BARNES AND SISSON. ALF GRANT. CLAY-
TON, JENKINS AND JASPER. MARION
VON SCHRADER. MLLE. -ADELAIDE,
THE GREAT GOLDIN. JOSEPHINE GASS-
MAN, THE BIOGRAPH.
Final week of the big success, x
FRANCESCA REDDING AND COMPANY.
EVERY EVENING THIS AVEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
"SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS."
Charles H. Yale's
'"THE EVIL EYE »»..
Evening— 2Se, 35c, 50c. 75^ and $1.OO.
Matinee— 25c, BOc. T5e.
Next Sunday Night, the Favorites,
Mr. JAMES NEILL
AND HIS COMPANY.
. By Special Request.
"A BACHELOR 'S ROMA1VCE."
Seats Ready ' Thursday.
I During ' the NEILL engagement— SPE- I
CIAL BARGAIN MATINEES THURS- I
DAYS. PRICES...... ...... 25c AND 5Oe |
Kvenimrs at 8. Mntlnee Saturday at J.
"IT SHINES BRIGHTER THAN EVER."
The Brilliant Comic Opera,
THE
"MOOT /V\O>J. f »
* The Reigning Favorite.
HARTMAN ns ABEL CONN.
WHEKLAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES 26o and Mo
. Telophone-rBuBh 9 -
BEiaSCO a"° TNALZSj^ptt
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK,
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Most Thrllllne of Military Dramas,
Exciting War Scenes— Patriotic Melodies.
Realistic Reproduction of Libby Prison.
PDirUC EVENINGS '.....10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, BOc
rnlW/CJ MATINEES ...10c, 15c, 23o
Next Week— Grand revival of Sr^lj
"TEN NIGHTS IN "A BARROOM."
CHUTES AND_Z00 iSJpSgg?
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LEAH MAY, the Giantess: ¦
TO-MORROW NIGHT. THE AMATEURS
AXD A FAT PEOPLE'S CAKEWALK.' '
Telephone for. Seats— Park 23. -
METROPOLITAN HALL,
FIFTH ST., NEAR MARKET.
ERNEST S ETON-THOMPSON
Will deliver THIS - EVENING, at 8 o" clock,
another of his famous ANIMAL LECTURES.
Illustrated with stereoDtlcon views of photos
and drawings made by the ¦ lecturer. - Under
the auspices of the California Club; Manage-
ment of Major J. B. Pond. Ticket!, $1, 75c
and 60c, at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. Children
half Trice. -* . . - '
" Special • Children's Matinee Saturday.
Those dizzy headaches are very an-
noying. Don't you know what
causes them ? The most common
of all diseases — Constipation. Your
system is dogged and needs cleans-
ing. The best remedy is
eDR. FiEROFS ELEGTRIC 3ELT|
• * America Ahead of the World In Klectrloal Inren-"
? tions! KverylKKly knows this! Our new llody- '
? ISattery, (U. S. Patent) in BtrU-tly an American!
" invention— I'll K Holt of the Century. It tend* a «,
' powerful, reverslbia current through «he human 2
[body tram ll««n.l to Foot, eurtuj; Chronic and*
.Kerrous Diseases «ind Wf.ikiiess of Male or Female
. us If bv Magio. So positive nre we that no other < -
. belt is the oiual of " l)r. He rt-d's." that ve will fend •
«lt o.N AI'I'KOVAIj for ••ompsrisou >ylth any belt"
' now sold In America. " Seeing is tteUeving." ;
! UOTE.— We never send belts " On Tr'al," there- < i
. fore in ordering "Ur. Herce's" no risk is run of • >
• contracting skin l»l«ea«c> or other Disorders by '
msinz an app'.Lancf! nrovlnnalr worn by i.ihcr'
Pall. orpenda2c. stamp for new "Booklet
tNo.2.' Address: PIEKCK KLKCTIUC CO.; ;
L 1145 Hromlway, (near 26th St.) »w York, ..
[Or G2O Atarkct Street, San Francisco.*'
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALJTY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects, of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, «h Verlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *^ S3 rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects ZZZLJj^L* r e ! Immediate. |
Impart vigor and CE/¥Tis potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mall. A written guarantee
to cu^e or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co.,
40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 nnd 40 Third st.
A ? visit DR. JORDAN'S great §
{MUSEUH OF AHflTOHM^
A Q?) 10ElHABZSTST.t0t.6-Jj*7tli,S.r.Cal. A
A Hr The Largest Anatomical'Museum in the \
m iTfl-i World. Weaknesses or any contracted n
' SsrsSw 4 isease P»»l<'»<-lrtnreil hy t he oldest T
© t^s. « 1 Specialist on the Coast. Esl 36 years. ©
$ tt¥&L\ DR " J0RDAN - D| SEASES OF MEN 0
\ ¥ ($%£i%B Consultation free and strictly private. \
m fl JL#fi/ 13 Treatment personally or by letter. A A
T I flrQjl JPotitivt Cure in every case undertaken. \
i«IJ I® Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
» a 11^' BAnnMGE, mailed free, uf
i Jj (j, valuable book for mrn) \
f DR. JORDAN & CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. "
HOTEL^
Visitors to San Franclaco whornako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
»>GRAND~HOTEL^
AMUSEMENTS.
oLvh eat r £tAp
The Moet Gorceous Scenic and Costume Pro-
- ductlon Ever Given at This Theater.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. -
Seats by Phone Main' 254, or Box Office 'Six
|"vDayi'In Advance.
PR1CBS- • ¦ • • • 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
'DAT'PQ TANFORAN
!\AW/EJ_ park.
CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
BIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY. ¦
¦ '¦ - ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ - _^__—
' , APRIL 20TH TO 27TH. INCLUSIVE. I
-;•'?%: FINE CARD EVERY DAY.
First Race Dally, at 1:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend streets 7,
10:30. 11:30 a. m.; «:«, 1. 1:30, 2 p. m.
Returning, leave, track at 4:15 and thereafter
at short Intervals. . Rear cars reserved for
ladles and escorts. ¦
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R." R. FARE). Jl 25.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
FISCHER'S concert house;
riOyXlCin. O Admission lOc. .
Golden. West Comedy Trio, Gus Leonard, Bre-
gere, Thatcher and Chtnoweth, Jack Symonds
Paraskova Sandolln and Tom Mack. :' '
" Reserved seats. Zac. Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
lltlPu/ Disordered menstruation works havoc with the lives of women. Thousands of J||
Miy \iL \N^raS9HHH women, because of menstrual troubles, are keeping the pall of sickness continually over f||
feW W/*^ m^W^^m^M^^ homes they might cheer and brighten were they well. To these sufferers— to those H|
§M .^ffip^Bra stricken homes— Wine of Cardui is offered today. Mrs. North was in misery. Her con- ffi
m%**@ W dition was so bad that menstruation, instead of being a health function, was a weaken- m
W^7k Jlf*~ inq drain on her system. She took Wine of Cardui, and secured relief jast the same as ||||
Wimhs^^r' jf^^MmiS^^m m thousands of her sisters had done. There is no mystery about her cure. This pure vege- ||#
Iiilili3& m'^^^^^^^Wmi table Wine which was provided by Nature regulated her menses and banished the tern- W&
Mi^^P^^ ' / bie smashing pain and now she is a well woman— as well and strong as if she had 13||
S^^^^m^S' J^ /«. ®^T^H m never known the terrors and agony of disordered menses. She is doing her own work VM
ffl&fl^ j/ ** r*y m without getting tired. Thedford's Black-Draught assisted materially in this cure. It fc||
S^^&^^^^7^% Q^ s*» W II regulates the bowels and invigorates digestion and blood making. Black-Draught is the *||
m^^^m^^^ /© W ® Wk companion medicine of Wine of Cardui and works in harmony with it. Wine of Cardui Mg
W &\ v © H and Thedford's Black-Draught are the medicines that made Mrs. North say: "I feel so * ||I
tS^Sf^^^/iJ^^ /$ M much better now". Never accept substitutes for them. All druggists sell $1.00 bottles K|
B^^^mM^ i / W ® &\W of Wine of Cardui and 25 cent packages of Thedford's Black-Draught. \|||
IS i^^^^^/ 5 "^ 1^*^ "fe^sw /* J S* I thank you very much for your kind advice. A friend of mine who has been using Wine of Cardui Mm
Pf^-^Sr fi^^^fet^ l)^ Wm with much benefit advised me to get a bottle of the Wine as she was sure it would help me. I got a bottle g||
KM SSSf '^^vY§F ywSlli of Wine of Cardui and a package of Thedford's Black-Draught and they have done me a world of good. I |||
18 /^^ / imW /W*^ zm take a «na!l dose of Thedford's Black-Draught dry after each meal and no gas arises from my stomach as Tg*&
Mj f Wffl J^ S there always was before. I was always in misery two or three hours after eating. Now I can eat a l||j
p|? B ! s ?*»>wV / X jT WA S°od hearty meal and never know it after taking a little of the powder. I began using Wine of Cardui as J||
f^ISI^/, / / S^ soon as m y menses came on and I had hardly any pain at all. I did not have to lie down at all. I stayed &M
I^0tftjG?' I V Mi u P anc^ a^ m y wor^ witnout Deling very tired. I am going to continue the use of Wine of Cardui for wM
eg* \^s^\^i- — M[ I am sure I have hit on the right medicine at last — a medicine that will cure me. I feel so much better now. \|||
pM^^\J^ /^"**>vg5) fH| I have a sister in Manitoba who has been troubled with falling of the womb. I am going to write her fgj
W$— ®£^-c-~ jCiaasssss^^ about your wonderful medicine and get her to give it a- trial. I am sure Wine of Cardui will help ner - l||
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
Al^ur Service
\ The. porters in charge
/ of Burlington tourist sleep-
ing- cars are picked men.
Most of them have been
with us for years. They
are honest, civil and oblig-
ing. . They know what is,
expected of them, and the
excursion managers see
that they do it.
From Los Angeles, Monday* and
Wednesdays; San Francisco, Tues-
days and Thursdays; Omaha, Chi-
cago. Kansas City, St. Louis —
EVERYWHERE east.
„¦ Tickets and berths
ft*U39£Sj£Sqj at 631 Market Street.
|pjjWffinM«| W. D. Sanborn,
[Baaar'aai) • Gen »i Agent.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry .Depot. "
j .. • - Local Liim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 'a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
'• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
." Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•• Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a .'
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
"•Bksfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
V Kan City 2:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago . . r ..... 2:15 p 9:00 p .......
a for morninf . ! p for afternoon.
' 9:00 a. ra. train Is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining t
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakprsfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are nonored on this train. Corre-
sponding, train arrives at 8:55 p. m. dally
.. 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers ami
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper.' which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally
.7:20 a. m. Is Bakerafleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally
Offices— 641 >farket street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 . Broadway
Oakland. - ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
- Via Sausallto Ferry. . ¦
' Commencing September SO, 1900.'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
rtiyji* * AND gAN RAFAEU ,
WEEK DAYS- 6:55, *9:15. .11:00 a. m.. »1:4S,
vis 4-00 5:15. •«:15. 6:40 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at «:00 and 11:35 p. m.
St5ndATS-»8:OO, '10:00. M:30 a. m.. n:15,
a-15 *4'45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:20. •6:30, 7:45. 9:30 a.m.,
•12-30 1:45, *3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS -on Mondays,. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
S n sUNDATrS-6:20. -"8:00. 10M. »11:45 < a. m..
•1-40 *2:15. 4:45. '6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45. 7:65. 9:30 a. m.
12-35 2:10 3:30, 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. - •
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m.; 12;O5, 2:1S, 3:80,
s-no 6:43 p. m -
6.w, y THR0UGH TRAINS. ,
6:55 a.*- rn. week days — Cazadero and way
"?-4G«pV. m. Saturdays'— Tomales and way
stations. "?*_
g a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tlons. . • ¦ • ¦ *.. . - * :-¦<¦¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SauMlito Ferry— Foot of Market St
IV. SAN mAN. ' . '- AH. SAN MAN.
9:15a.m.) WEEKDAYS f 8:00p.»t
1:45 r. M. V UA y a "•"•• — - 6:25 p. H.
4:00 p. if.) Stay over nightat theTAVEBN" (10:33 a.m.
8:00 a. m.1 i-- •¦ r ,.. f 1:00 p.m.
i?^ A :S: ...-..^stiNDAYs.:...... _. »;:*
1:15p.m. J (. 5:55 P.M.
Fare. San Frineisco to Summit and Return. $ 1 .40. * .
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.," & Sausallto Ferry.STOCK MARKET.
On the morr.lnc session of the Bond Ex
change Alaska Packers declined to $133. and
Gaa and Electric was -weak at $42 50®4S.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric sold down
to $41 CO.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHAIIGE.
TUESDAY. April 23-12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
43 coupon 113%113 T » I 4s coup (new). 139 H 140*4
4s registered.. 113H113%i 3s quar coup..Ul%llS
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
BayC P C os.103% -NCR 6s III14 —
Cal-st Cab. 5s.ll7 — Stkn G A E gsioo —
C C Water os.UO — O G L & It 63.110% —
E L &. P 6a...l28%133% Oak Tr Co 6s.llo£ —
F & Cl Ry 63..115 — Oak W Co 5s..l02%10i
Geary-st R Ss. — — Oceanic SS 5s.lO3ii —
Haw C 5%s...lO6U — OraCR 6S....12S —
Haw C 5s 102% — Pac G Imp 4s. — —
L A R R 5s..ll3%114% Pk & Cl R 63.105 —
L A L Co 6s.. — 102 Pk H O R 6s. .117 —
Do gntd 6s.. — 1C4 Powell-st R 6sl2O —
Do gntd 5s. .1C0 103 S E G & R Ss — 101
L A P R R 5S.102H — S F & SJV 5s. 119% —
Do 1st C 5s. .101 — S R of Cal Cs. 110 —
Market-st C 6s — 127% S F» of. A 6s
Do 1st C 5sl22% — 19C9) 113 113%
N C N G R 7s — 113% ' Do (1910) ....113% —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — S P C 63 (19C5,
N R of Cal os.119 — Series A) ...106% —
N P R R Ss.. 102%— Do(Series B)107\4 —
N P R R 5s..lC8%109 Do <190ff) 110 —
S V Water 6s. 113 • — Do (1312) — —
Do 4s 103^104 S P C 1st gs.106% —
Do 3d mtg.-lOS^— S P Br P. 6s. .1X5 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 74 73% Spring Valley. — 90%
Marin County. 53% — 1
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — iPac Lt Co.... 42% «H
Equit Gas 3 1 .; 3^1 Sac E G & R. — —
Mut El Lt — 6V»|S F O & E... 4iv; —
O G L & H-. 50 61 San Francisco 4>* 4%
Pac Gas Imp. — 40 IStktn G & E, 7% —
INSURANCE STOCKS.
FIrem's Fund.232% — 1
BANK STOCKS.
AnRlo-Cal 72% — lLon P & A 147 —
Bank of Cal..— 408%' Mer Ex (liq>. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..tO3% — is F National. — 123
1st N Of S F..310 31S I
Continued on Paga Eleven.
CHICAGO. April JS.-CATTLE-Recelpts,
2300: steers generally steady; butchers' stock,
firm; Texans, steady: sood to prime . steers.
S4 90@6; poor to medium. $3 S3@4 85; stockers
and feeders. $2 75@4 85; cows, $2 S0@4 60; heir
crs, $2 &i@4 75; canncrs. $2 10«?2 73; bulls, $2 73
@4 25: calves. $4®5: Texas fed steers. $4 25fj>
5 35: Texas grass steers. 53 6O@4; Texas bulls,
52 75^73 S5. ¦ ¦
' HOGS— Receipts to-day, •" 1S.00O; to-morrow,
23.C0C: left over. 3000: market active. 5c higher,
Chicago Livestock Market.
BOSTON. April 23.— The wool market hero is
quiet but steady. There has been little change
In the situation compared with a week ago. In
the * absence of much demand general values
hold on a steady basis and the early weakness
observable In No. 1 and No. 2 fleeces is due to
lack of demand. Territory wools continue to
be the bulk of transactions.
Quotations: Territory, scoured basis—Mon
ana fine medium and fine, Hf/JSc: scoured, 42@
43c; staple, 45@46c: Utah. Wyoming and Idaho
fine medium and fine. 12@14c; scoured, 40ki42c;
staple, 443{4oc. - - -
. Australian, scoured basis— Spot prices,- comb
ing superfine nominal, 67@70c; good, 64f63c;
average, 60@63c.
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK. April 23.— There was a slight
reaction in tin in London to-day due, it was
stated, to a renewal of speculative Interest de
spite the fact that the statistical outlook is as
bearish as ever. The close abroad was steady,
with spot quoted at £117 2s 6d and fu
tures at £114 15s. The local situation was a
featureless one, and prices did not vary
throughout the session, closing on the somewhat
nominal basis' of $26. . with demand dormant.
Copper in London was a shade easier Hinder
liquidation and closed at £70 7s 6d for spot and
£70 17s ,6d for futures. While holding, quite
steady the local market was slow at $17 for
Lake and $16 62% for casting. Lead was Inactive
but nominally steady at unchanged prices, while
In London a decline of 2s 6d was noted to £12
12s 6d. Trading in both markets was slow.
Spelter remains unchanged, without feature
here and abroad, at $3 95©4. Domestic Iron
markets ruled rather quiet, but about steady at
old prices. Glasgow warrants, 54s 6d and Mld
dlesboro. 45s 4'.id.
New York Metal 'Market.
NEW, YORK, April 23.— Bradstreet's usual
weekly statement of the > available supply of
grains was not Issued to-day. It will be sent
Available Grain Supply.
Wheat— . April. May- Aug.
Opening ••••• 18 55 19 15
Closing I8 60 19 05
Flour-
Opening 23 30 24 10
Closing 23 35 24 00
¦Wheat— May. July.
Opening- 6 10% 6 10%
Closing .' • B 10 6 10^4
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet: creameries, 15@19c; dairy.
ll@17c Cheese, 9V4@llVic. Eggs, firm; 12®
12 Vic.
700 Hocking Coal u%
100 Hocking Valley 49
S.700 Illinois Central 140%
400 Iowa Central 31
700 Iowa Central prefd .61
1.000 Lake Erie & Western 62%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 126
Lake Shore .: •. 230
17.400 Louisville & Nashville 1O4V4
37.600 Manhattan Elevated 127^,
84.400 Metropolitan Street Railway 172%
3,700 Mexican Central 22«4
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ••
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
26.700 Atchlson 67%
Si. 400 Atchlson prefd 96
7.900 Baltimore ft Ohio 94%
2<v> Canadian Pacific 95%
4.600 Canada Southern 75
6.100 Chesapeake & Ohio 47%
$.700 Chicago Great Western 22%
7S.S00 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 195
2.700 Chicago Ind A Louisville 36%
3.000 Chlcaro Ind & Louisville prefd 71(4
1.500 Chicago & Eastern Illinois ...127H
-2.100 Chicago & Northwestern 202
15,100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 153U
6.3C0 C C C & St Louis $i\i
9.700 Colorado Southern '. " ; 13%
6.000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 50%
3,400 Colorado Southern 2d- prefd 23%
4,100 Delaware & Hudson 177%
200 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 219
1.500 Denver & Rio Grande 41%
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 91V
S3.700 Erie 37'*
4,100 Erie 1st prefd 69^
1.400 Great Northern prefd ....\...".......IS1
The report that the price of steel rails was
to be advanced to $28 per ton was the cause
of the advance in United States Steel, although
professional manipulation was much In evi
dence as it was in all parts of the market.
The announcement over night of an engage
mment of $1,000,000 in gold for export seemed
to have little effect on sentiment and reports
were set afloat that large blocks of Govern
ment bonds were held ready to offer for re
demption, which would provide gold for any
export demand without affecting the money
market. The source of this available supply
of Government bonds was not disclosed. Ster
ling exchange also yielded slightly under the
offerings against the gold shipment" Probably
its recovery later In the day was a large in
fluence in the renewed uneasiness manifest
over the money outlook. The subtreasury Is
again taking money from the market and New
York exchange in the Interior has fallen back
to a discount, indicating a cessation of the
supply of funds from that source. The ad
journment of the Burlington directors without
offering official announcement was a disap
pointment. The success of the bulls in getting
prices up was offset by the very heavy offer
ings to realize attracted by the advance. This
was especially so In the United States Steel
stocks, owing to the suspicion . prevalent In
Wall street that heavy liquidation Is going on
tn these stocks on the part of former large in
terests in the Individual companies absorbed
by the combination and who are retiring.
Bear selling also became very bold and exten
sive when the futility of the bull efforts to
sustain the market began to be seen. The
closing was weak at the lowest and showed
such violent declines from the top level as 5%
in Sugar. i\ in St. Paul, 4K In Brooklyn
Transit. 4 In Consolidated Gas, 4% In Rock
Island and from 1 to over S points in a large
list of Important stocks.
The boo't market was active and Irregular.
Total sales, par value, $1,970,000. United States
Ss coupon declined U (*r cent on the last
call.
Powerful support and violent manipulation
were resorted to in the early dealings and the
success of these measures in turning prices
upward caused a heavy covering movement
among the large short Interest which was
formed yesterday. There were intimations dur
ing the morning that official statements re
garding the Burlington deal would be given
out later in the day and a rumor was current
that it would be found to provide an exchange
of bonds to the value of 180 per cent and a
cash payment of $20 per share, together with
a cash payment of {2 per share for the next
dividend.
NEW YORK, April 23.— To-day 1 a stock mar
ket presented even more variety than that of
yesterday, although the high record of trans
actions established yesterday was not dis
turbed by to-day's business. General dealings
were on a smaller scale than yesterday. In
fact It was not until the urgent selling move
ment of the last hour had gained full head
way that the market presented anything like
the animation which characterized it yester
day. Speculative sentiment ran over pretty
much the whole gamut of emotions, from that
of buoyant animation in the morning to some
thing like collapse in the afternoon. Although
the market closed at net declines throughout
extending in some cases to three or four points
or even more, there was a time during the
morning when the level of prices was mate
rially higher than yesterday and the market
had the appearance of a full resumption of the
bull speculation. The high-priced railroad
stocks continued to be the principal object In
the speculation, especially St. Paul. Union
Pacific and Southern Pacific. Atchison pre
ferred had a strong upward movement and
there were points of strength among the
Southwesterns. Burlington and Northern Pa
cific were strong and held better than tha
average of stocks in the late break. Among
the specialties. Amalgamated Copper recovered
quite vigorously from yesterday's depression
and United States Steel stocks made a show
of strength for the first time in several days.
These were the principal centers of the early
strength in the market, but their Influence was
radiated pretty generally through the list. It
would be somewhat difficult to assign causes
for the early strength or the late weakness.
as it seemed to depend little on news of the
day. The motives of the traders were con
fined for the most part to fears or suspicions
of what others were doing.
Ncrv York Stock MarkeU
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly along the coast
from Cape Mendoclno northward and has fal
len slightly from San Francisco to San Diego.
Rain has fallen over Oregon and Washington,
but conditions still continue unfavorable for
rain in California.
The temperature haj fallen over Southern
Oregon and Idaho. It has risen slowly over
Central and Southern California.
Forecast made at Sin Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 24, 1901.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds In the Interior, westerly winds
on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds In the interior, westerly on the
coast.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; fresh westerly
winds.
Utah— Fair Wednesday, not so warm; light
northerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday; fresh westerly '
winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official. '
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
65; minimum, 46; mean, S6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
#- : ¦¦ ¦ ; — *
CHICAGO, April 23.— The corn market. clung
firmly to. its strong position and while to-day's
trade was probably less than yesterday's In
point of quantities changing hands it was
nevertheless quite active. The motive for
speculative 'activity was that of yesterday—
namely, the concentration of long May corn
In the . hands of George H. Phillips and -his
following. The desire for profits, which is al
ways a t factor, was gratified to a limited ex
tent, but the basic*strength of the market was
not impaired. At the opening longs offered
liberally, but so sharp was the demand that in
the confusion sales w;re made simultaneously
from 46c to 46%c, compared with yesterday" s
close at 46%c. Offerings, both of May and
July, the latter bein? also In excellent de
mand, suddenly ceased and both shot upward.
May touching 47c, making a new high record
for the crop. Realizing sent May back to
46c, but this was followed by another rally to
47c. During the closing hour of the session
the wheat weakness caused May to work down
to 46%c. but the close was strong. Uc over
yesterday at 4614c. July sold between 44%c
and 45%c, closing Uc lower at 44%c. Phillips
was credited with buying 1,000,000 bushels of
July.
¦ Much wheat with which bulls loaded ' them
eelves yesterday was dumped back In the pit
to-day because Liverpool failed to follow the
advance on this side. May opened i$6>»gc
lower at 72@72V»e and It took the combined
influences of the corn strength, heavy seaboard
clearances and conflrmntion of very unfavor
> able crap prospects In Prussia to get the mar
ket up to 72Hc. As the short interest was
small and the cash demand slack, while do
mestic crop advices were as glowing as ever,
longs sought to take profit's and In so doing
broke May to 71Vic The close was heavy,
lHc lower at 7194c.
Oats opened steady and advanced early in
sympathy with corn, but lost the advance on
profit-taking. May do&ed He lower at 23**®
25%c
Profit-taking sales, coming on a dull market,
caused the provision list to ease off. July pork
closed 12^c lower, lard and ribs each 2V£@5c
depressed.
• The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 72H 72H 71V* 71%
July 72H 73 71% 71%
Corn No. 2—' ~
April ' 46
May 46*4 47 48 46%
July 44% 43% 44H 44%
Oats No. V-
May 25% 26% 25% 25%
July 23% 25% 25V4 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 14 42V4 14 42% 14 27H 14 30
July ..14 57*J 14 57V4 14 42Vi 14 45
Lard, per 100 lbs— 1
May 8 12tf 8 12tf 8 10 8 10
July 8 05 8 05 7 97% 8 00
September 8 02% 8 05 7 97% 7 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 8 17% 8 17% 8 12% 8 15
July 7 ?2% 7 92% 7 87% 7 90
September 7 87% 7 87% 7 82% 7 85
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 red wheat. 71V4@73c; No. 2 corn,
46c; No. 2 yellow, 46c; No. 2 oats, 26?i@27c; No.
2 white, 28%@29%c; No. 3 white. 2S@2DVic;.No.
2 rye. 62c; good feeding barley, 45c; fair to
choice malting, 62@55c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 61;
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 61; prime timothy seed.
$3 75: mess pork, per bbl, -$14 30® 14 35; lard,
per 100 lbs, $8 20@S 25; short ribs sides (loose),
$8 0o@8 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6?$@
7%c; short clear sides (boxed). $8 25@3 37%;
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 27; clover, con
tract grade. $11.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30.000 20.000
Wheat, bushels 86.000 154,000
Corn, bushels 85.000 384,000
Oats, bushels 359.000 , \ 375,000
Rye. bushels 100.000 •
Barley, bushels 35,000' 6.000
SAN FRANCISCO. April 3-5 p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
aate. as compares with those of the same
date last reason and rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
Weather Report.
(iroth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Los Anjreles Eummary-Cloudy nights a ad
fofrpy mornings beneficial to grain. Haying
continues: cood crop In places; not satisfac
tory in others. Bean laad is In rood condition
end beine prepared for planting by the 1st.
prcx.
Eureka summary— Grain and vegetables con
tinue making rood erowth. A larpe acreage
of peas will be planted. In some localities
fruit 1* reported seriously damaged ' by frost •
others escaped. A heavy yield is expected
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— The weather
has been partly cloudy during the week, with
fogt along the coast, considerably benefiting
praln and pasturage. Warm, dry weather in
the interior has been favorable for haylnr
which has procreFsed rapidly: the hay crop ii<
very heavy. Early sown grain Is in fair con
dition «nd in pome sections will yield a good
crop. Late sown wheat and barley are drying
up and will yield poor cropt unless rain falls
soon. At Anaheim apricots will be nearly a
mtu failure. IVnches will yield about half
the usual crop. Olive picking has commenced;
the yield is larcer than last season's. Oranges
look well. Walnuts are in good condition
SAN JOAQITIN VALLEY— Clear weather,
¦with cool nights and warm days, has prevailed
during the past week. North winds have oc
curred daily ia most portions of the valley,
greatly drying the •soil, which is now too hard
and dry to work in the vineyards and or
chards. Grain is badly In need of rain in all
sections. Early sown grain Is looking well
considering: the long dry period, but more rain
will be necessary to make the heads fill out
and mature. Late sown grain has been seri
ously damaged by lack of moisture. Haying
is i>ro*ressinc the yield and quality varying
in different localities. Fruits of all winds are
reported in good condition, with prospects for
good crop. Green feed is drying up rapidly.
Stock of • all kinds are healthy and in good
condition.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS-Northerly
winds have continued during the week. Light
lain has fallen on the northwest coast and
fogs have prevailed in some sections, benent
lr*g growing crops. The soil is very dry and
grain is turning yellow at the base in some
places. The early grain is In fair condition,
but late sown grain and feed need rain very
toon. Haying has commenced. Light frosts
have occurred in some sections, but without
damage. Deciduous fruits were considerably
injured by the frosts two weeks ago, and In
torn* sections it is reported that apricots will
yield only half the usual crop. A fair crop of
other fruits is expected.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY— Dry northerly
winds have continued during the week and
no rain has fallen. Grain is still in good
condition In most places but needing rain.
There are eome reports that wheat is turning
yellow and is heading out too rapidly. Green
ieei is becoming ecarce in some places. Th<«
soil on the uplands has become too dry and
crusted for cultivating. Work in hop fields Is
progressing. Haying has commenced. Pears
end other fruits are dropping badly in tome
pections. Nearly all reports state that fruit
vas not so seriously damaged by frost as pre
viously estimated and a fair crop is expected.
Large quantities of cherries are being shipped
irom Vacaville. /
Nearly normal temperatures have prevailed
in p!1 parts of the State during the week.
Light rain has fallen on the northwest coast
and fogs have prevailed in some sections. Dry
northerly winds have continued most of the
week. There have been no injurious frosts.
Early sown grain is etill in fair condition in
most sections, but would be improved by rain.
The continued dry weather and northerly winds
are seriously affecting late Bown grain, which
in some places is turning yellow and will b«
a failure If rain does not come soon. Hay
ing is in progress in nearly all sections; the
yield is said to be unusually heavy and the
quality excellent. Work in hop fields is pro
gressing. Pasturage is very scarce in many
places and needs rain. The soil has become
too dry for cultivation In some sections and
the planting of euear beets will be consider
ably retarded. Vegetables are generally in
good condition. % ,
The prospect for a fali/crop of declduou4
fruits appears to be better* than at this time
Itft week, many sections reporting that the
damage done by frost early In April is not aa
great as has been estimated and that with
the exception of apricots, and possibly prunes
in some localities, there will be almost an
average yield. Grapes are also in better con
dition than had been reported and are remark
ably thrifty in come sections. Olive picking
has commenced in the vicinity of San Diego.
Orange* are in • good condition.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The report of A. G. McAdle, section director
of the climate and crop service of the Weather
Bureau, for the week ending- Monday, Is as
follows.
The Weather and Crops.
"Strictly good dry prime applee are wanted
but very hard to get. Bids of 4%c are made
and 5c, it is understood, would be paid for
goods of that description. Waste Is quite ac
tive and higher. A large part of the cheaper
warte has been cleared off the market. There
are still several cars offering at 75c. For
choice quality there are bids of Sac.
"Apricots are without special ' feature at the
moment. Stocks are said to be in strong
hands, with come purchases of cheap grades
noted at less than quotations. Consumptive
demend is moderate. In peaches conditions are
practically unchanged. In currants the stocks
throughout the country are reported light, and
with the opening of spring a better business
Is looked for. At the moment the tendency Is
about steady on the spot, with some holders
a trifle stronger In their views on best grades.
"In raisins the movement on the spot con
tinue* small and Jobbing In character. Stocks
of 2-crown loose are said to be comparatively
light, and a few small parcels have been
moved on the M 4 c basis, with some holders
asking up to r.'-c. In 3-crown tales are re
ported at 5%c In a Email way. Seeded are in
a little more request at the coast reduction,
although we hear of no active buying in job
bing quarters. We quote a rar.ge of from
(i^c to 7%c on 16-ounce packages, on which
basis the market is reported fairly steady.
Latest mail reports from New York Bay:
"In prunes there Is reported a fair inquiry
for 40-50S, with the views of buyers slight
ly under those of Eellers. although some busi
ness Is reported in small lots on the quoted
basis. On 40-50s 5%c is believed to be the bot
tom price, and most holders are asking Ec for
80-«06. On €0-70s some little trade is doing In a
•mall way at. It is said, from 4%c to 4%c
according to holder. The coast price in bags
for Santa Clara lruit is 3%c for 4O-50s. 3%c for
£0-60s. 60-706 2»»c. 70-SOs 2 J Ac 80-90s 1%C and 90
100s IVic For the same fruit in 25-lb boxes %c
per pound is added. We learn of no active buying
on this basis in the market here, the disposi
tion being to move slowly in view of the light
buying from consuming quarters. The pur
chase of several carloads was reported to-day,
the same, it is stated. Including the 'four
tiles' association goods. We were unable to
confirm it. Sales of goods to arrive purchased
prior to the reduction are reported also on the
<-ut basis. In Oregon prunes a little Interest Is
thown.
Dried Fruits in New York.
EgfTR continue accumulating, and it Is hard
to get the top quotation for ranch. Store
There is nothing new tn Cheese.
The street is quoting', a weak and over
stocked market for Butter, while the Ex
change quotes It- firmer, owing to. a "specu
lative demand." This, it is said, is for ac
count of parties down south, who are buying
In this part of the State. The Exchanga
marked up Its quotations %c, while open
market prices were weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. $1;
Brant, $100; Enjrllsh Snlr*\ $3: Jack Snipe.
$2; Hare. $1 :3: Rabbits, $1 23 for Cottontail
and .75c® $1 for Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9#10c for Gob
blers and 12CT13C for H^ns; Ocese. per pair.
$1 SOifTl 73; C,O!«llnjr!>, $2 25<!t2 50; Ducks. $5S6
for old'and $6f?7 for young; Hens. $4£?3: young
Roosters. $G50(ftS: old Roosters, $3fl)(g4&0:
Fryers. $3©G; Broilers, ' $4 50<ff 3 for large and
S2!f?3 GO for small ; Pijreons. $1 75®2 per dozen
for old and $2®3 for Squabs.-
The Poultry market stands about the same.
Old Hens, small broilers and old Roosters are
dull, while good larsre young stock sells readily.
Another car of Eastern came In. '
The quotations for Game are purely nom
inal, as receipts are small and irregular.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS — Cut Onions, 60c(9'$l 25 per sack:
Australians. $3 50©-»; Green Onions. 20tST40o per
box: Now White, $3; New Red. $2(il2 50.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 40c«?$l 23 per .box:
Asparagus. $173 foi fancy. $1(81 50 per box
for No. 1 and 50©S5c for No. 2; Green Peas.
7Ic(fr?:i 25 p»r pack: String Beans. for Los
Angeles and 10©12%c for Vacnvllle; Cabbage.
50(f?60c; Tomatoes, Mexican, $1 73 per crate;
Drjed Poppers. 12£?lSc; Dry Okra," 20©:3c per
lb; Carrots. 25©33c p*r sack: Hothouse Cucum
bers, 50®75c per dozen: Garlic, 8®10c per lb.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 70<3>30c; Burbanks,
43@70c for River nnd $1@1 25 for Oregon
Sweets. 50@60c for Merced; New Potatoes,
l@l%e per lb.
Receipts were 1429 boxes Asparagus, 320 boxes
Rhubarb. 850. sacks Bay Peas and 670 sacks
New Potntoes.
Mexican Tomatoes are lower. Green Peas are
higher and String Beans are scarce and firm.
Other Vegetables stand about the same.
Oregon Potatoes are holding the. advance of
Monday and are quoted firm. Oregon "and Ne
vada Onions are about cleaned up, thus re
ducing supplies of old to Australians. New
Red from Stockton were held at $2 50 per
sack." ...
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@8%c for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 2@2%c; Hemp,
3%c; Timothy. 6%c. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $202 50; Green. $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye,' nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS-'Bayos. $2 50@2 70; Small White, $4 75
@i 90; Large White. $4@4 13; Pink, $1 50@l 80:
Red, $3@3 25; Bl-ickeye, $2 75@3; Llmas. $6 25
@S BO: Pea. nominal: Red Kidney, $4\50 per ctl.
Brokers are offering Pink Beans at declin
ing prices. They are very weak. Llmas and
Whites are firm. Prices show little variation.
There Is nothing doing in Seeds.
Beans and Seeds.
.HAY— Volunteer, $o@3: Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, {9(S>12; Oat. $3@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley. $7 50@9 53 per ton.
STRAW— 35® 17%c per bale.
AH quotations, stand the eame. Bran Is firm
and Hay Is barely steady. The former is In
light supply.
BRAN— $16@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50<g)19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $17 50@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meat at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18: Corn Meal, $25®
26 50; Cracked Corn. $25 50@26: Mixed Feed,
$15@16. • . I
Hay and FeedstufFs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@3 50,
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25; Ore
gon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and $2 73®
3 for bakers' : Washington bakers', $2 75@3.
MILLSTUFKS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the tade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat .Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
@7 60; in Backs. $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley, J5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'lock — December — 2000
ctls, 79c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Mornln? Session— December— 2000
ctls. 78%c; 10.000. 78%c.
Afternoon Session — December — 200O ctls, 78%c.
OATS — The market continues firmly held.
with light stocks. White, $1 37%@1 50; Sur
prise, nominal; Red, $1 32%©1 45; Black,
$1 17%<51 27% per ctL
CORN — Occasional sales at the old quota
tions redeem the market from complete stag
nation. Offerings, while not heavy, are large
enough for the poor demand. Yellow. $1 10®
1 15; White. 81 10@l 15; Eastern Mixed. $1 12Vi
per ctl.
RYE— Still dull, weak and freely offered at
80@S2Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 60@l 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 01%; 8000. $1 02: 2000. $1 02V4: 2000. $102%. De
cember—4000. $1 06%; 2000. $1 06%; 13.000. $1 07.
Second Session December— 2000 ctls, $1 06%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls.
$1 06%; 200O. $1 06%; 4000. $1 06%. May— S000,
$1 02%; 6CC0. $1 02%.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— The market weakened off some
what yesterday, owing to the indifference of
buyers. The general opinion is that a good crop
can be matured without any more rain, ex
cept' in two or three sections. Hence a fur
ther advance is hardly expected.
Feed, SP<g82%c for No. 1 and 77%®78%c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, S5@S7%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nominal at 6s 6d.
which is the rate of the last spot charter re
ported. The chartered wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 15,348, against 29,266
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
'¦ tons, against 4763; on the way to this port,
187.464 tons, against 170,132.
WHEAT — Liverpool was firm at an advance
and Paris futures ---were again higher. The
market at *the . moment depends on the Ger
man situation, which Is reported bad, the Rus
sian crop showing being the worst for years.
At the same time, however, a well-known
English exporter says that England alone will
raise as much more Wheat as North Germany
is short.
Chicago opened easier on disappointing ca
bles, and the demand was moderate. The sit
uation, however, was somewhat relieved by
the free covering of shorts on Monday.
The San Francisco market was higher, ow
ing chiefly -to the continued dry weather,
though the advance- at Liverpool helped the
market a good deal. '•
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 01%@l 02%; milling,
Jl 05@l 07% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — .' 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ E0
Exchange- and Bullion.
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 23.
Flour, qr sks 17.C08 Wool, bales T75
Wheat, ctls 2.750 Pelts, bdls ISO
Barley, ctls 54S Hides 1.2S7
Corn, sks 33iSupar, ctls 5/m
Potatoes, sks 1.655} Tallow, ctls 23B
Bran, sks 2.173! Wine, gals K,S0i>
Middlings, sks 277!Leather. rolls 175
Hay. tons 421 j Quicksilver, fisks 97
Straw, tons 24Llme, bbls 1S2
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 820 Potatoes, sks 300
WASHINGTON.
Middlings, sks 6(
Receipts of Produce.
good to superior unwashed: 9H<310c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 12@li;c for prime to
fancy washed: 10%fiiU%c for strictly (rood
washed; 9%®10%c for good washid; SSitfTiUc
for fair washed; 7%f?SUc for medium: G,®7%l*
for inferior to ordinary; ll(S13c for srood to
prime washed peaberry: 9%'§10%c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: 8%@S%j
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S<§32c per lb; Sole
Leather, •medium, 26®30c; Sole Leather, light,
25©2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy. 27@2Sc: Rough
Leather. Hfrht. 2o<328c: Harness Leather, heavy.
3S©3Pc for No. 1 and 300330 for No. 2: Harness
Leather, medium. 30@37c: Harness Leather.
llKht. 29®3oc; Skirting-. 36©40c; Collar Leather.
per foot; Kip, unfinished. 40(S5Oc per !b:
Veal, finished. oO<?jr>3c: Calf, finished. 7:>c#Sl 20:
Sides, finished. 161117c per foot: Belt Knlf»
Splits. 14f?16c: Rough Splits. SSlOc per lb.
• TANBAKK— Ground. $2ftg'2S per ton; Stick.
J1SB20 per cord.
OILS— Linseed has again advancM. Cali
fornia Caster Oil, in cases. No. 1. 75c: pure,
$1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled. 73c: raw.
71c: ca«*s. 5c mor»; Lard Oil. extra wlnt?r
strained, barrels. S0c;. cases. 83c; China Nut,
53@Kc per frallon: pure Neatsfont Oil. barrels,
65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c: Whale Oil,
natural white. 37%®42%c per gallon; Fish Oil.
in barrels. 35c: cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. tn bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c; Astral. 19o: Stnr.
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine. Zic: Eocene. 2lc:
deodorized itove Gasoline. In bulk, 15c; In
cases, ilc; Benzine. In bulk. 14c: In cases. 2<ic:
86-desrree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c: In cases. I'V.
SALT — H. R. H. is qnoted nt J1S 7"> r*r ton
In larse sacks and $19 75 In ECs. Liverpool 1*
quoted at $17©iS SO for the b»st and %U 50<<?13 25
for lower trrades. Higglns*. $27 SOJfJO per ton.
TURPENTINE^ — C'c per irallon In cases and
49c In drums or Ir^n barrels.
RED AND "WHITE LEAP— Red Lead. 7%*»
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7#7%c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $46 30S17 per flask for local
use and $43 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Suear Refinery Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lh bags:
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered. 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.73c: Dry Granulated. 5.65c: Confec
tioners* A. 5.6."c; Fruit Granulated. 5.80c:
Magnolia A. B.25c: Extra C. 5.15c; Golden C.
5.05; barrels. 10c more: half-barr?ls. 25c more;
boxes, EOc more: r.O-lb ba.es, 10c mor*». No
orders taken for less than 73 barrels or Its
equivalent- Domlnos, half-barrels, 6.40c: boxea,
6.65c r<>r lb.
LUMBER— Retail nricea are as follows: Pirn*,
ordinary sizes. $1S@W: extra sizes, hleher: Red
wood. S'lSpiD; Lath. 4 feet. $3 90(S>4: Pickets. $20;
Shingles. *2 for common and K "3 for fancy;
Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic,
$2S®29. ; "
washed; 8H@SV*c for good green unwashed;
10@Z0%c for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 6@7%c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12%@15^jc nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 9@ll 1 iC nominal for fair to
strictly good washed: 7v»@S\ic nominal fr>r
$4 75.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14%@15U C for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12%® 14c for prime
washed: 11©12c for good washed: 11>->iS13c for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll^HSic for
good to prime peaberry; 10%©ll%c for good to
prime; 9®10c for good current mixed with
black beans; 3@10c for fair; 6®7%c for common
to ordinary.
Salvador — 13%©13%c for strictly piima
washed; 9@12%c for good to prime washed;
8Vi@S%c for fair washed; ll@12%c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 8%@?c for good to
prime semi-washed; 8%!iJ8"ac for superior un-
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. $13 per ton in bulk
and $17 in racks: Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $3 45 per 20CO pounds and JS 50 per ton.
according to brand.
CORDAGE— Prices are lower. The local
cordage company quotes as follows: Pure Ma
nila. 13c per lb; Sisal size. 10c; Bale Rope.
9%e; Duplex. 9c. Terms. 60 days., or 14 per
cent cash discount. Lots of 10.C00 lbs, lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 5c;
cases, regular, 5.50c; do, extra large. 5.75c: do.
Eastern style, 6.25c; Boneless, 7c: ' "Norway. "
7c; "Narrow Gauge," 7c; "Silver King," 7Hc;
blocks. "Oriental," 6%c; do, "Seabrlght." Tc
tablets,. 7%c; middles, 7%c; do. "White Seal."
8%c; 5-lb boxes fancy, Boneless, 9c: 2-lb boxes,
do, 7%c; desiccated, per dozen, 75c: Pickle* I
Cod, barrels, each, $7 75; do, half-barrels, each
Linseed Oil marked up.
No change in Silver or Exchange.
Wheat higher and Barley slightly lower.
Oats very strong. Corn and Rye neglected.
Bran firm and Hay steady.
Lima and White Beans firm and Pink weak and quiet.
Oregon Potatoes hold their advance.
Old Onions cleaning up. Vegetables about as before.
Butter and Eggs in liberal supply and weak. Clieese steady.
Poultry market well supplied and easy.
Cherries slow of sale. Citrus fruits as before.
Large Orange offerings announced for to-day's auction.
Dried Fruit market beginning to look up. 9
Provisions dull and easier than of late.
Improved demand for Wool. Hops very firm.
Meat market shows no new features.
Local and oil stocks in fair demand on the exchanges.
Hides dull, but improving in quality.
Slight decline in Cordage.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
•low but held pretty steady at old prices. Ex
port Inquiry was light. State common, 3@4c;
prime. 4%@4%c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy, 6®6%c.
California dried fruits were Inactive but nom
inally steady at unchanged prices. .
• PRUNES— 3%@7c per pound, as to size and
quality. • , *
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8%@
13c. ' ¦ .
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%@20c; unpeeled. 6%@
10c.
X 1 — vr
NEW YORK, April 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
2S.2C6- bushels; exports, 36,237 bushels. Moder
ately active again and the undertone steady at
yesterday's advance.
WHEAT— Receipts. 29,500 bushels; exports,
143,107 bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red. 81%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 7S%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 87c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Du
luth, 90%c f. o. b. afloat. Options showed mod
erate weakness at the start under disappointing
cables, foreign selling and local realizing, but
rallied and held quite steady all day In sym
pathy with corn, liberal clearances and on cov
ering. They finally eased off under realizing
and closed easy at %@lc net decline. May, <S%
®79%c. .closed 78>Ac; July. 77%@7S 7-16c, closed
77%c: September, closed 76%c.
WOOL— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady..
HOPS— Quiet
COFFEE— Spot Rio dull; No. 7 Invoice. 6%c:
mild, dull; Cordova, 8%@12% c. Futures closed
steady,, with prices net 5@10 points lower. To
tal sales. 39,250 bags, including: May, 6.00c; July,
5.20c; September. C.30@5.35c: October, 6.35@o.40c;
December, E.60c; January, 5.65c; February, 6.70c;
March, 5.75@5.S0c
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3 11-16e;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16@4%c. Molasses su
gar, 3 7-16@3%c. Refined sugar, firmer. '
BUTTER— Receipts, 7535 packages. Firm;
held creamery, 15@20c: factory, U(S13%c. -
EGGS— Receipts, 23.8CO packages. Steady;
Western regular packing, 14®14%c; do storage,
14%c.
NEW YORK. April 23.-COTTON-The first
call prices were 3 to 6 points. higher.; with the
undertone steady. . No sooner had the • opening
preliminary been dispensed with than a small
rout of room shorts and active buying for out-
A r czv York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. April" 23.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the , general fund,
exclusive of the $150.CC0,0C0 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances. $153,320,634; gold, $04,417,209.
Condition of the Treasury:
NEW YORK, April 23.— Money on call, steady
at 2ff4% per cent; last loan. 3%; ruling rate,
4%. Prime mercantile paper, 4%©? per cent.
Sterling exchange firm at the decline, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 SSfij?
4 88% for demand and at $4 S5JF4 85% for sixty
days. Posted rates. $4 S5%®4 86 and U S9. Com
mercial bills, $.4S4U@4 84%. Silver certificates,
nominally 60c. Bar 6llver. 60%c Mexican dol
lars. 4S%c. Government bonds, easier; State
bonds, weak; railroad bonds, irregular.
Nczu Yor)k Money Market.
Atchlson. 70%: Canadian Pacific, 9S; Union
Paclflo preferred, 89; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 100%; Grand Trunk, 9%; Anaconda, 10%;
Rand mines. 2U: United States Steel. 47%;
do preferred. 97; bar silver, steady, 27 15-16d
per ounce; money, 2%<g3% per cent.
CLOSING
In the American department trading was less
active than yesterday, but business was still
of large volume. • London was rather puz
zled by the reaction In New York yesterday
afternoon and U Inclined once < more In con
sequence of it to take a position on the tone*.
The weakest rcotk in this department v:as
Atchlson conwT.en. of which there were con
siderable sales, stimulated by a rumor that
the lmpendl \K tlrvldend would be only Hi 1 er
cent New Yjr.t put some life Into tlw imir
ket by causing a spurt in Northern, rnollk",
but It was noticed that under cover of U1I1
advance other Issues were sold. As a result
of these operations the tone at the i-ut.< was
undecided. . . ¦
NEW YORK, April 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market here was less active to-day,
but firm in tone. The chief interest etill cen
tered in thj new issue of consols. It is under
stood that the public offer of £30,000,000 has
been subscribed for eight times over. The
premiums to-day ranged from % to %.
London Market.
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 84
"tk'™ J£| nne apolis & St Louis prefd 112%
46,000 Missouri Pacific 106?
¦^OO Mobile & Ohio 82ii
2 J' 40 » Missouri Kansas & Texas 32
2,500 Missouri Kansas & Texas pcefd .... 64%
•"¦•:r New Jersey Central 150
8,900 New York Central 151TJ
4,600 Norfolk &. Western ..:. oik
•"••••' Norfolk & Western prefd S7V4
39.400 Northern Pacific lO'J?
9,100 Northern Pacific prefd 9s4r
9,400 Ontario & Western 34'/!
Oregon Railway & Nav 42 "
••••••• Oregon Railway & Nav prefd ...... 76
21,100 Pennsylvania ; 159
31,700 Reading 37a/
17,600 Reading 1st prefd 757i
11,900 Reading 2d prefd 52%
500 Rio Grande Western 79
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 100
6,000 St Louis & San Fran 4C
... St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 84
800 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 6S^i
1.2C0 St Louis Southwestern 37^
1,000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 65%
149,100 St Paul .....166%
St Paul prefd ...-. 190
St Paul & Omaha .....139
166,600 Southern Pacific 60%
21,800 Southern Railway .29%
5,900 Southern Railway prefd .82%
41,400 Texas & Paclfio 465i
146,500 Union Pacific .....; 98%
6,600 Union Pacific prefd StiTi
1,700 Wabash !.„..!... 19%
8.100 Wabash prefd 39H
Wheeling & Lake TSrle 13%
1.C00 Wheeline & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 85
30,100 Wisconsin Central 21%
100 Third Avenue 125%
2.500 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91%
National Tube, t r 66%
....... National Tube prefd, t r ....118
Expre&s Companies—
.:.'..'.. Adams ...; 163
American 196
?00 United States 90
....... Wells Fargo 148
. Miscellaneous—
£00 American Cotton Oil 27%
American Cotton Oil pretd 85
American Malting 6%
American Malting- prefd 24%
ltf.500 American Smelting & Refining 63%
1,000 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 97%
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 46%
American Steel Hoop prefd...... 95
American Steel & Wire 43
American Steel & Wire prefd 110%
American Tin Plate 76
American Tin Plate prefd 117
21,200 American Tobacco 126
American Tobacco prefd 145
5,500 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
60,500 l Brooklyn Rapid Transit 84
•COO Colorado Fuel & Iron 92%
-9,600 Continental Tobacco 45%
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 104
Federal Steel 53%
300 Federal Steel prefd 103%
700 General Electric 221
700 Gluccss Susrar ../. 51
100 Glucose Suear prefd 96'
500 International Paper 25%
International Paper prefd 78%
Laclede Gas 85
2.100 National Biscuit 39%
National Biscuit prefd 96
r00 National Lead 17
200 National Lead prefd 85
National Steel, t r 56%
National Steel prefd, t r 115
S00 New York Air Brake 166
3.900 North American 87
1.500 Pacific Coast 63
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 95
400 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 70
2.200 Pacific Mail 88%
23.200 People's Gas 113%
1,700 Pressed Steel Car 45%
500 Pressed Steel Car prfefd 82%
300 Pullman Palace Car 209
200 Standard RoDe & Twine 4
52.000 Sugar 144
300 Sugar prefd 122
8,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 66
5,900 United State3 Leather 13%
. 300 United States Leather prefd 77%
2,200 United States Rubber 20%
1,500 United States Rubber prefd 61
4.900 Western Union 92
34,500 Amalgamated Copper 120%
9.100 Republic Iron & Steel Co 20%
3.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 76H
195,800 United States Steel Co 45%
11.800 United States Steel Co prefd 94
P C C & St Louis 67
1, 805,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S is refunding N Y Cent lsts ....107%
reg 106% N J Cent gen 6s. .134
Do coup 106% Northern Pac 3s.. 72%
Do 3s reg 110% Do 4s 105%
Do 3s coup 111% N Y Chic & S L 4s. 107
Do new 4s reg 138% Nor & West con 4s.l01
Do new 4s coup. .139% Oregon Nav .lsts. .109
Do old 4s reg 113% Do 4s 104%
Do old 4s coup 113% Or Short Lino 6s. .128
Do 5s reg 110% Do con 6s 116
Do 5s coup 111% Reading gen 4s.... 95
Dist of Col 3 65s. ...125 R G Western lsts.101
Atchlson gen 4s ...102% St L & I M con 5s. 115%
Do adj 4s 96 St L & S F gen 6s.l32
Can Southern 2ds..lOS% St Paul con 193
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO6 St P C & P lsts. .118%
Do 5s 122 Do 6s 120%
C & N consol 7s 143 Southern Pac 4s... 93%
Do S F deb 5s.. 124 South Railway Es.117%
Chic Terminal 4s.. 95 Stand R & T 6s.. 59
Col South 4s .... 87% Tex & Pac lsts ..120
D & R G 4s 101% Do 2ds 100
Erie gen 4s 87 'Union Pac 4s ....105%
Ft W& D C lsts.. 106% Wabash lsts 120%
Gen Elec 5s 185 Do 2ds 110
Iowa Cent lsts 118 "West Shore 4s 114%
L & N unified 4s.. 102% Wis Cent lsts.... 89%
M K & T 2ds.... 82% Virginia Cent 95%
M K & T 4s 98%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 14
Alice 35 Ontario; 9 00
Breece lSSiOphir 90
Brunswick Con .. 21 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl 06
Con Cal & Va.... 2 20 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada .... * 25
Horn Silver 110 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 90
Leadville Con .... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . "West End 93%
Call loans S®4 West Elec 64
Time loans 3%@4% Bonds-
Stocks— Atchlson 4s 102
Atchlson 67 N E Gas & Coke Es to
Do prefd 95% Mining shares —
Am Sugar 144% Adventure 17
Do prefd 122% Amal Copper 121
Amer Bell Tel.... 174% I Atlantic 34
Boston & Albany.. 264% Boston & Mont ..435
Boston Elevated ..196 Blngham 26%
C B & Q 195% Butte & Boston ...116
Dominion Coal 37% Calumet & Hecla..838
Do prefd 113 Centennial ......... 29
Fitchburg prefd.... 147% Franklin 19%
General Elec 221% Humboldt 25
Do prefd 230 Osceola 87
Mexican Cent 32% Parrot 55
N E Gas & Coke .. 11M, Quincy 179
Old Colony 211 S F. Copper 8%
Old Dominion .... 33% Tamarack 337
Rubber 20 Utah Mining 35
Union Pae 98% Wlnona 4%
Union Land 3 Wolverines ...63%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new,
4s 3d; do old, 4s 3%d. Futures, quiet; May.
4s VA&; July, 3s ll%d; September, 3s UVJd.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s lOVid; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s Id;
No. 1 California, 6a 2d. Futures, quiet; May.
Es lOd; July. Es 10%d.
LONDON, April 23.— Consols, 94?4: silver.
27 15-16d; French rentes, lOlf 30c; cargoes on
passage, sellers at advance 6d; cargoes No.
1 standard California, 2Ss 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s 3d; English country markets, quiet
and steady. ¦
LIVERPOOL, April 23.— French country mar
kets, firm. •
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-32d.
'V? . CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
OREGON, i
PORTLAND. April 23.— Clearings. J317.667;
balances, $79,811. •
WASHINGTON. •
TACOMA, April 23.— WHEAT-Qulet and
steady; blue stem. 59%c; club, 57c.
Northern Wheat Market.
\ PORTLAND, April 23.— Walla Walla, 55@59c;
blue stem, 60@filc.
Portland's Business.
closing firm;, top, $6 10; mixed and butchers,
$5 75<g6 05; good tol choice heavy, $5 90<g6 10;
rough heavy, $5 75@5 $5; light, $5 70@5 9714:
bulk of sales, $5 %<3i.
. SHEEP— Receipts, 900; -market for sheep
about steady; lambs, steady to strong; good to
choice wethers, $4 75@4 90; fair to choice mixed,
$4 40@4 70; Western sheep, $4 65@4 90; yearlings.
$4 75@5; native lambs, $4 75@5 30; Western
lambs, $5£3 30.
BAGS— San . Quentln Bags, tz 65: Calcutta.
Grain Hags..6 ! >i®6 T 4e: local make. He less than
Calcuttas: Wool Bags. 30#34c; Fleece Twine.
' 'c^N'NED FRUITS-Extras in 2^-lb tins are
ruoted as follows: Apricots. $1 50; Cherries,
t" for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes.
Jl 35- Peaches. 65cC$X 75: Pears. $1 85: Plums.
Jl SSiill 40: Quinces. $1 65; Strawberries. Jl 75.
COAL— Wellington. ?9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant, $3 50: Coos
Bay $3 30: Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end' $9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egij. $14;
General Merchandise.
Prices for everything stand the same. Hogs
are rather weak under the Increasing receipts
already mentioned, and Mutton and Lamb are
al3O coming in more freely. Beef and Veal
r BEEF— 7#Sc for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
C °VEAL— Larse, 7@Sc; small. 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, SlgSHc; Ewes. 7%®Sc per
pound. ,
LAMB-Sprinjr. 9<§0tfc per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6-Sc;
ISO *o 225 lbs. 6%(S6^c: 223 and over. 6® 6%c ;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs. SH©9Hc
San Francisco Meat Market.
Wool is reported more active at last. All
grades are gradually Improving as to demand,
but the best inquiry is for good spring clips
of S months and short. Fall Wools are well
cleaned up. Trices for all descriptions stand
as before.
Hops rule very firm, with buyers bidding 11@
13c in the country for the coming crop, with
out eettins many. Stocks are now not much
over 1000 bales In the three coast States.
Hides are still dull, with stocks steadily
though slowly accumulating. Arrivals, how
ever, are Improving in quality, which gives
the market a better tone.-
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9V*c: medium, 8^c; light, 8c Cow
Hides, S%c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags.
Gc; Salted Kip. »c; Salted Veal. 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides, 15H@16c: Culls, U'iQMc:
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 16@17c; Culls and
BranCs. 13#14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 13t?23c
each; short. Wool. 30@4Uo each; medium. 50&'63c;
long Wool, locfttl each; Horse Hides, salt,
J2 50 for large and $2<32 23 for medium. $1@1 20
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras,
75c: large and -smooth. 50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4'Ac per lb; No. 2.
3%®4c; grease. 2@2Hc
WOOL—Springr. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. la@lfic per lb; Northern, free. 12@
13c: defective. 9@Hc: Middle County, free. 10©
lie- do. defective, 8@10c; Southern. 12 months.
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c: do. de
fective. 1 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine.
15®16c; do. medium and coarse. 14@13c; Oreron.
Eastern, choice, 12®14c; do, fair to good, 9811c ;
Nevada. 10@12c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Thera Is not the activity and firmness no
ticed a fortnight ago, and, in fact, the market
is dull and rather weak than otherwise. Prices,
however, stand about the same.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12>£$rl3c for light medium. 13 ! , 2 c for
light. 14^4c for extra light and 15%c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Me?s, $12 50; Fam
ily, S13 50; prime Mesa Pork. $15: extra clear.
$23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6?ic per lb for
compound and 10^c for pure; half- barrels,
pure, 10*ic; 10-lb tins, m*c; 5-lb tins, ll=sc.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. S'ic; three
half-barrels, S%c; one tierce. SHc; two tierces,
8%c; live tierces, S%c per lb.
Provisions.
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 2c: 30-40s, — ;
40-50s. 3%c; 50-603. 3Kc; 60-70s. 2%c; 70-SOs. 2K,c;
80-903. l%c: 90-1003. Uic: 100-120s, l%c. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard. 10c ; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10\ic per
lb; choice, 9l&c; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6^c: 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5Uc, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box : 3-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, K©10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. Kc; No. 2, 7V4c: No.
1 hardshell. 9Hc; No. 2. 7c; Almonds. l»@13c
for papershell. 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts,
E@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@lHic: Fil
berts. 12@12V»c; Pecans. 11® 13c; Cocoa nuts,
$3 5OC3. »
HONEY— Comb, 13'.i®He for bright and 12^
©13c for light amber; water white extracted,
"@7%c; light amber extracted, 5(5 6c; dark, 4@
5c per lb.
BEESWAX— 25ig28c per lb.
FRUITS— rAprlcots. 5@7}4c for Royals and
Sy>@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
4<S6c; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches. 3%@4c for
standard, 4^@5%c for choice and 6@t>Hc for
fancy; Pears, 2527c; Plums, pitted, 3%@5c: un
pitted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 4<g-4i2C for red and
4@5c for white.
Evaporated Apples are firm at the advance
already noted, and are not plentiful, either here
or at New York. Peaches are also cleaning
up and a fractional advance is noted. Apri
cots rule firm, and there Is something: doing
right along-. The fact Is, It looks as If the
fruit crop would be considerably cut down this
year, and the market is already working
around Into better shape In consequence. • Pears
alone are dull. The situation in Prunes, Nuts,
Raisins and Honey remains as before stated.
The three latter are dull.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
Cherries have a wide range, according to
quality. The small red ones are not wanted,
and even the large black are slow of sale.
There Is nothing especially interesting In
Strawberries.
Thirteen or fourteen cars of Oranges are an
nounced, for to-day's auction. The market for
this fruit is better supplied again, though
prices keep steady under a good demand. Limes
are In good supply and dull, with fresh sup
plies due. Fancy Lemons are firm, but medium
stock is plentiful and dull. Bananas are firm
under moderate stocks'.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
CHERRIES—Receipts were 2C2 boxes^ selling
at 75c<Q$l CO per box for red and (1 25(32 23 for
dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@9 per chest for Long
worths and $1@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 244 chests.
APPLES$1@2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2 25;
Seedlings, 75ci@$l; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c®$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for
good to choice: Grape Fruit. 50c<3$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch for
New Orleans and $1 23@2 for Honolulu; Pine
apples. $1 50g4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citms Fruits.
Eggs are beginning to show the effects of the
warmer weather In the Interior.
A good deal of Butter Is now being put up
In full weight squares, and this reform la
spreading so fast that it Is predicted that In
another year or so all the beat brands will
be put up in one and two pound squares.
Receipts were 63,300 pounds and 108 tubs or
Butter. 167S cases Eggs. 1136 cases Eastern
Eggs, 12.SG0 pounds California Cheese ana
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATION'S.
BUTTER— Creamery. 16®l~c per lb for t3Mcr
and 15V4c for seconds; dairy. 14@lac per id.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 946 Wsc; eld,
9c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 15617c for good to fancy,
store. 13@14%c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 16&c; firsts. 15c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; first3, 14>Jc; seconds, ;
• CHEESE- Fancy, full cream. 9%c: choice.
9c; common, nominal; Young Americas, lO^c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected "White, 15^c;
mixed colors, 144c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13^c; standard.
13c; seconds, . -
Bide , account set in, and prices went . upward
with a rush.- On the advance - the South,
Europe, the West and Wall street bid ener
getically for May, July and August. Profit
taking eventually checked the rise and by mid
day prices were oft to a level from two to three
pcixntf under last night's closing."
The market was finally quiet with prices net
unchanged to four points lower.
x" ¦ -*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1901.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
PARIS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
STATIONS. :
I Last ! This I Last
24 Hours! Season. I Season.
.
-— — —
Km
Be
ureka I
<-i Bluff j
{ .... ' 44.59 I 47. P5
I .... ' I 22.67 1 21.73
Sacramento .
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Oblspo
Los Angeles
San Diego
17.60
18.99
10.38
5. SO
.27.88
14.17
10.53
17.32
IS. 10
7.94
2.82
15.82
6.09
3.65
STATIONS. :
I Last ! This I Last
24 Hours! Season. I Season.
.
-— — —
Km
Be
ureka I
<-i Bluff j
{ .... ' 44.59 I 47. P5
I .... ' I 22.67 1 21.73
Sacramento .
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Oblspo
Los Angeles
San Diego
17.60
18.99
10.38
5. SO
.27.88
14.17
10.53
17.32
IS. 10
7.94
2.82
15.82
6.09
3.65
The stock of these markets consists of abou*
130 HORSES AND MARES (ranging in weight
mm ltOO to 17U0 lbs.). Hacks, Carrias.'s.
Coupes, Busgles. . Harness, Hotel Cusses, Sur-
reys, Carts, Express, Sand and Delivery
Wagon3. etc. All the horses, etc., carriages.
etc.. will be sold separately.
This stock is subject to inspection up to
days of sale.
AUCTION! AUCTION!
To settle the estate of MATTHEW J. SUL-
LIVAN, deceased, the GOOD WILL, OFFICE
FIXTURES and SAFE, and the ENTIUS
STOCK IN TRADE of the firm of SULLI-
VAN & DOTLE, will be fold at Public Auc-
tion, as follows: On MONDAY. April 29. ia :l
commencing at 10 a. m.. at the GRAND .\K-
CADE HORSE JIAUKET. KS-3-T SIXTH
ST. On TUESDAY. April 30. commences at
10 a. m., at EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET
t 220 VALENCIA ST.. near Fourteenth.
AUCTION SALES
Possesses more opportunities for the profitable invest- |
ment of capital than any other State in the Union. fl
\V> have gathered together the choicest of these prop- fi
cities and would like to interest parties having $100 €
to $ioo,coo on which -.ve can secure for them 5 per a
cent to 15 per cent, with bona-fide security. 1
WEST COAST INVESTMENT CO., J
Pheian Building, S. F. , I
~pearance, but the Commissioners have re
fused to grant the Chief a license to dis
"pose.of anything stronger than the prod
uct of Spring Valley.
Be Sure and Attend
The great Assignee Sale of Clothing to
morrow. 1200 men's ¦• fine worsted suits
that cost $15 to 520 for only $4.66; also 500
overcoats, worth $16, for $4.65 at tile Cloth-
Ing Assignee Sale of the Boston, -773 Mar
ket street, . near Fourth. P. C. .Kelly
assignee. . * .
Wants Deed Set Aside.
J. S. Mitchell, as administrator of the
estate of the late John C. Mitchell, has
sued George M.~ Mitchell to set aside con
veyances to property on Grove street, near
Webster, and lands in San Mateo County,
which, it is alleged,, the defendant pro^
cured from- the deceased . through undue
influence. • .' ..
POB,TEOirS CXUB GIVES
. eitjoy a thyr concert
Well -Known Artists Sing and Play
- for the Benefit of Deserving
Young Women.
The concert given last evening in Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s, Hall for the benefit
of the Porteous : Club was a" financial and
artistic success. There was. a large out
pouring .of music' lovers and friends of
the organization, and the efforts of the
artists who took part in the programme
were highly; appreciated. , -The concert
was given under the auspices of- the de
partment of social science of the Califor
nia Club. Many of the members • of the
club were present and saw to It that there
was no hitch- in the programme.
Owing to illness neither . Miss Bud
Friedlander nor Bertin A. "Weyl appeared
and their • absence was greatly regretted.
The playing of' Cecil Cowles, the child
pianist, was a feature '. of the . concert.
This. little miss played with. the skill and
expression of a professional and ¦.well
merited the flowers and applause , that
were literally .showered upon her. ,Mls3
Mae Cull en rendered a soprano solo; Ha
zen Sexton recited charmingly; Miss
Helen Heath, Mrs, Cecil I>ecker Cox and
Miss ' Lulu Feldhelm also added to the
enjoyment of the ; audience. Miss Inea
Strauch- and Arthur Finkensher presided
at the piano during the entertainment.
SMUGGLED CIGARS - SEIZED— Customs
searchers yesterday seized 800 smuggled ¦ Ma
nila cigars on the Doric. The "Bmokes" will
be. sold for the duty.
GEOTEROUS HACKMEN HELP
LAW'S STRICKEN FAMILY
Aid Extended to Widow and Children
of Unfortunate Machinist Who .
Killed Himself.
The tragic suicide on Monday of F. Law,
the machinist, who, lacking work, could
not bear the spectacle of his starving
family,, has aroused sympathy for his
heartbroken widow and bereaved children:
Last nig-ht \ the members of the Hack
men's .Union and the Hotel Runners. held
an informal meeting and decided to ex
tend some help to the. widow and her lit
tle ones. A collection was taken up and
$10 was raised in a few minutes. To the
desiolate home of " Mrs. Law at 25 Clara
street a. delegation of the hackmen and
hotel runners brought a ray of light amid
the gloom. Mrs. Law was overcome with
emotion when told of the generosity of
her benefactors and piteously moaned,
"Oh. that my husband were here to thank
you." -¦¦¦ . . ¦ ' ¦ . .
The hackmen and hotel runners who
tendered help to Mrs. Law and her little
ones are J. J. O'Connor, J. Villon, T. Sulli
van, J.' Martin, G.Klopper, M. .Milalen,
J. Manion, T. Mathews, J. Manning, E.
Casey. J. ! Bauer, T. Tarr, W. H. Amant,
J. McGIffen, C. ,B. - Welgus and L. La
drobe. ' • •" ¦. - •¦ • • "
The body of Law is still at the Morgue
and unless aid is forthcoming the remains
will be buried In the potter's field. The
hackmen and hotel runners have relieved
the immediate wants of the stricken fam
ily, but substantial assistance is needed
for the unfortunate beings who have
through misfortune, lost their bread win
ner. • - ¦ . '. .¦-..¦!¦'
Metal Polishers' Union.
The officials of . the Metal Polishers'
Union contradict the statement published
in one of the local papers yesterday
morning that- Frank Law, who committed
suicide on Monday, was a member of the
union and had been thrown out of em
ployment on account of the present strike.
According to one of the ¦ officials . Mr.
Law was not a member of the union nor
was it in any way responsible for his Jos
ing his position.
YOTJNG WOMAN TRIES
: • TO COMMIT SUICIDE.
Crossed in Love, Esther Hobbs At
tempts to End Her Existence
."With. Carbolic Acid.
1 Despondent because her affections were
not returned, Miss Esther Hobbs, a yottngr
woman who claims to be a saleslady In
the employ of Kohlberg. Strauss & Froh
man, attempted to . commit suicide last
night by (swallowing a quantity of car
bolic acid. The attempt proved unsuc
cessful. She was hurried in a cab, ac
cctaiDanied by a woman, to the Receiving'
Hospital, where restoratives were applied.
Beyond the burns which her face sus
tained from the strong acid, the would-be
suicide Is none the worse for her expe
rience.
At the hospital, when she became able
to talk, she. gave her address as 32tH4 Sut
ter' street. The proprietor of the hou3a
denied that any woman of the name
of Esther Hobbs was ever a resident
there. Neither is there any such woman,
in ths employ of Kohlberg, Strauss &
Frohman.
The Navy Department, appreciating the
Importance of San Francisco as a base of
supplies, will at once establish a com
missary and pay department in this city
for the United States marine corps.
Major George Richards, an assistant
paymaster in: the United States marine
corps, will arrive In this city to-day and
Is ordered to at once take steps to estab
lish-the commissary and pay department.
The station will be used as a base of sup
plies for the United States marine service
on the entire Pacific Coast, including
Pugef Sound points.
The only station of the marine corps at
present located in this city is a recruiting
rendezvous. at 40 Elljs street. - This head
quarters is looked after by a sergeant
and one orderly. Under the new order of
things the recruiting office will be. located
inthe same building as the pay and quar
termaster headquarters. Major Richards
will, immediately on his arrival in this
city, select a suitable site for the new de
partment. ¦ • . ;
Marine Corps to Re
ceive Supplies From
THIS CITY WILL
BE MADE BASE
THREATENS TO
KILL NEIGHBORS
Mrs.Marie Dillman Taken
Into Custody for .
Insanity.
Mrs. Dlllrtian Is the woman who, when
she lived in East Oakland about three
years ago, had her neignbor, a Mrs. John
son, arrested for sticking needles through
the eyes of her pigeons and chickens. It
turned out that Mrs. Dillman herself was
the one who committed the deed. She
seemed to take delight in torturing the
birds. She was allowed to go unpunished
on account of her uncertain mental con
dition.
It has been next to impossible for the
neighbors to sleep lately on account of
Mrs. Dillman's desire to make noise. She
yells "fire" an3 "murder" at all hours of
the night and fires off her pistol at imag
inary enemies.
ALAMEDA, April 23.— Mrs. Marie Dill
man of 2311 Clement avenue was arrested
this afternoon on a. charge of insanity,
preferred by W. A. Aram, her neighbor.
The woman has made frequent threats to
kill her neighbors, claiming that they are
trying to poison her and her chickens.
Detective Brown took her to the Receiv
ing Hospital in Oakland, where she will
be examined to-morrow for r Insanity.
Mrs. Dillman bears a particular grudge
against Harry Hintz, a boy of 14, whose
home adjoins hers. She threatened to kill
him the first time she got a chance. Two
weeks ago she followed him several blocks
on Park street with a pistol concealed be
neath her shawl, which she exhibited to
people, and said she would use if she
could catch up to her Intended victim.
Hintz has never annoyed the woman,
though she labors under the delusion that
he has. •
Independence day by the combined insti
tutes of this city and the ' surrounding
counties in a monster reunion at Fern
brook Parks, Niles Canyon, on July 4. The
committee of arrangements having the af
fair in charge consists of Robert Tobin,.
president; W. Chester Keogh^ vice presi
dent; D. E. Hayden, secretary; J. F.
Comyns, treasurer; E. B. Thomas, P. J.
Hagan, M. J. Commorton, E. J. O'Rourke,
G. A. Sullivan, Denis Barry, C. • D. de
Andries, W. Reilly, J. A. Dunleavy, A. J.
Sullivan, W. A. Breslin, A. J. Donovan,
Luke Carroll, G. E. Devlne, Thomas F.
Ryan, Harry Pinkham, James A. Strain
Jr.. John Doyle. M. T. Cresalia,' R. A. Ca
halan and T. J. Kinney.
A programme of patriotic exercises is
being prepared and will consist of an ora
tion, an original poem and singing of pat
riotic airs. The orator and poet are yet
to be selected. A number of fine prizes will
be given and a special train will leave this
city at 1 o'clock in the afternoon for the
pleasure grounds. The committee on
grounds is composed of J. F. Comyns,
chairman; A. J. Donovan, R. A. Cahalan,
E. B. Thomas and Harry Pinkham. It is
expected that fully 8000 institute members
and their friends will gather at the cele
bration,
The annual outing of Cathedral Council,
No. 59, Y. M. I., will take place at Sunset
Park, Santa Cruz Mountains, on .May 1.
The committees having the picnic In
charge follow:
Music— John D. Mahoney, William A. Kelly
and Louis A. Kelly.
Grounds — Fred E. Farmer, Albert H. Juat
man, Thomas F. Ryan, Frank Farren, Wil
liam A. Kelly and Chester Keogh.
Arrangements— Louis A. Kelly, chairman;
Joseph A. McCusker, Fred E. Farmer. John
E>. Mahoney. William A. Kelly, Frank Far
ren, Thomas F. Ryan. Albert H. Juatman
and W. Chester KeoRh. . ¦>
INDEPENDENCE DAY W3XL
BE FITTINGLY OBSERVED
Young Men's Institute Is to Hold
Monster Reunion at Niles Can
yon on July 4.
The board of management of the Young
Men's Institute has already commenced
active preparations for the celebration of
A call has been, issued for a special
meeting of the Emanu-El Sisterhood to
be held, in its rooms, 272 and 274 Ninth
street, to-morrow, at 3 p. m. A full at
tendance is desired, as special business
of Importance will be considered.
Emanu-El Sisterhood Meeting.
Scott says that Haynes' accounts are
straight and all delinquent tax collections
have been accounted for. The position
Scott was also considerably put out over
the resolution adorned by the Board of
Supervisors calling him to account for
rot pressing the suits against the tele
phone corporation for delinquent licenses.
This resolution was adopted about a
month ago and Scott immediately Dressed
Ruef into service, together with Peter F.
Dunne, as special counsel to prosecute the
oases. About the same time Haynes
closed up his downtown office as Delin
quent Tax Collector and discharged his
assistants. Ruef's appointment to suc
ceed him followed.
It was rumored among City Hall offi
cials that Haynes' resignation was a
forced one, as Scott had become dissat
isfied with Haynes" dilatory tactics In
prosecuting certain cases against the Pa
cific States Telephone and Telegraph Com
rany for the recovery of unpaid license
taxes on nickel telephone machines. This
is emphatically denied by Scott, who as
serts that Haynes resigned voluntarily
because nf the unfavorable criticism to
•which he has been subjected in collecting
delinquent taxes amounting: to a paltry
pum from householders. Scott, however,
states that he was dissatisfied with the
actions of a number of deputy delinquent
tax collectors in exacting payment of de
linquent taxes. These men had often act
ed in a brutal manner toward those who
had failed to pay their personal property
taxes, and Scott had taken Haynes to
task for the acts of his subordinates.
Frank V. Haynes, who has been special
collector of delinquent taxes, has resigned
his position and Abe Ruef has been a.p
jtointed by Tax Collector Scott to suc
ceed him. The resignation of Haynes and
the consequent appointment of Ruef, who
Is Scott's political adviser, occurred two
or three weeks e.go, but the fact was
only made public yesterday.
Delinquent Tax Collector
Is Succeeded by Abe
Ruef.
land, when he expected to peep into a
cold and gloomy dungeon.
Recently a wagonload of ferns, grasses,
palms and evergreens were secured by
HAYNES GIVES
UP HIS PLACE
Supervisors' Finance Committee yester
day to urge an appropriation of $50,000 for
the purpose of placing the city's wires un
der ground. Watt explained that the city
itself was preventing the enforcement of
its own ordinance requiring wires to be
placed underground In the downtown dis
tricts within a certain specified time.
When the ordinance was passed some
three years ago the Board of Supervisors
pledged itself 1 to pass an appropriation
sufficient to remove the city's wires from
the poles of the telephone and telegraph
corporations, but no money had ever been
so appropriated. The corporations were
unable to comply with the law because no
money was available to take down thte
city's wires. The committee took the mat
ter under advisement as well as the Fire
Commissioners' request that the fire alarm
and police telegraph central station be es
tablished in the main court of the City
Hall. '
CITY CAUSES .VIOLATION
OF ITS OWN CHARTER
Fire Commission Petitions for Funds
to Put Municipal Wires TJn
* derground.
Rolla V. Watt, president of the Board of
Fire Commissioners, appeared before the
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
F C Chinn & w, Sacto F A Bell, Seatle
Mrs C J Thompson, Ky E A Gregory, Chicgo
R H Bercaube, Mex W N Carter. Cincln
C Hayden. Colo J H Halsead 1
C E Helller & w. Mass "VV L, Bull & w NT
E Eisner, Boston Miss Fanshane' N Y
J M Haford Jr. Cal J Cook. Wash
E M Lion, San Jose A F Sutherland N T
A J Hart, San Jobo Mrs T Flint, Cal
S Sen iff, Los Angr J E Leve. NT
M T. McMahon. N T S J Cook, Minn
Mrs M N Cochrane, Pa W A Pinkejion th
Mis H T Nevin. Pa B C Ball. Portland
C Mareden, Los Angr I B McCIintock, L A
T E Fisher, Denver Mis F H Barrows Mass
Miss K Fisher, Denver J Abbott, Mas
C M Anderson & v, S H Fields, Utah
Ohio . R M Mein, Oakland
S G Cook, Kansas J B Haskin & w NY
Miss Cook, Kansas Miss Mabel Haskln NY
G B Patrick; N Y » Miss Edith Haskin'NY
Mrs J B Maas, Mich ', Mis Edna Haskin NT
Mrs J Croze, Cal • Mrs E R Boese, N T
Mrs M MullouEhan.Or H H "Wilcoxson & w
A L Maas, Mich Missouri
DrRJ Maas, Mich J Wilcoxsori, Mo
H L Chalmers, Bayton Mis V Rea, Mo
W Col. Denver R J Walker & w. Pa
W Storey & w, Colo j Mrs S Brown Phlla
H P Hynds & w.'.Wyo W H Zeelers, Phila
J H Cravens & w, Cal D Robson; Grs Valley
Mrs E B Braden & d, J M Barney, Cap ><*-t
Wash " Mis M H Bresman NY
E A Pike, N D Miss L Bresman N Y
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss M Frick, Iowa L Poundstone Cal
Miss A Frick, Iowa E Witmer, Placerville
Mr Schwab & w. Chic E Whipple, Decoto
C H Revine. Ind J Ball, Ben Lomond
A C Smith.' Ohio Miss Ball. B Lomond
C W Young, Wls . F January & w N Mx
J Murphy, USA J Mikkers, Las Vegas
Capt Wtlcoxson, U S A P Belgron, Las Vegas
W P Stevens. USA W Wadleigh & w Seat
T Stillman, St Louis J Lineman, Ogden
Mrs Kolp. L Ang W Greene Cal
P Vlan & w, Mexico H V Keetlng, Cal
C A Krapo, Cat MS Sayre Cal
F Harkness. L Ane W P Smith, Chlco
J Mlley, Bakersfleld F B Meyers, tClnn
J L Ward, Yreka G-O -Hopier, Chicago
F Simpson, L Anp F Spenker, Modesto
L E Doan, Bakersfleld G Shirley. Valiejo
F Lueders, Ohio L Trailer. L Gatos
J. Murphy & w, U S A E Woods, Stockton
M Osborne, ' Chlco * E Hennessey, Nai>a -
A G Alken. Oakland j Glenn, Stockton
Dr 'Alken, Decoto F Holland & w, Cal
F Goldsmith, NY Dr Hill. S Jose *
T E ¦ Clark, Visalla F H Moon, S Jose
G Carsen & w.- S Jose R Cowles & w, Cal -
Mrs Hodgman, Minn G French, : Boston
J.B Gore, Boston Dr Hurst, .Bait Lake
F.H Saxton, Carson S Henery, Stockton
T " Doyle, Ohio G Hyatt & w, Stocktn
S Summerfleld - A w, Dr Cross. Stockton
Reno Mrs Msrrill, Toledo
S J Bryant. Reno ¦ ,
COLONEL H. I. ZOWALSKY
WANTS HIS MONEY BACK
Sues to Recover Coin Paid by Him to
Nat Raphael for
. ; ' \* Jewelry. .. -
The trial of the' suit of Colonel H. I.
Kowalsky against Nat Raphael to recover
$299 99 was on trial before Justice of the
Peace Dunn yesterday. The testimony
showed that Kowalsky executed six notes
for the future payment of a bill of jewelry
bought from Raphael. One of the notes,
for $285, was turned over to the Callornla
Jewelry Company by Raphael, who was
credited with cash to that amount, and
the company in turn gave the. note to
"Jake" Rauer for collection. Rauer re
covered judgment by default for $265, prin
cipal, and $115 interest, and levied on
money in bank belonging to Kowalsky. In
the meantime Kowalsky had compromised
on a settlement of the six notes, as he
thought, by paying $300 to Raphael, but
he afterward discovered that the judg
ment on the sixth note had been satisfied.
He accordingly sued to recover the money
paid to Raphael less 1 cent, to bring it
within the jurisdiction of the Justice's
Court. The case went over till Friday for
argument.; .-•-¦¦ ...
WILUAM HEWITT HAS
BEEN SUED FOB IMVOK.CE
His Wife Says He Was Abusive.
Moraghans Will Again Try to
Idve Together.
William A. Hewitt, manager of the
Compressed Air Machinery Company, has
been sued for divorce by Bertha E. Hew
itt, who alleges cruelty as cause of ac
tion; Mrs. Hewitt alleges that her» hus
band's cruelty did not consist of acts of
violence, but of taunts, nagging and gen
eral abuse by means of words.
. In addition to a decree of divorce Mrs.
Hewitt demands judgment setting asida
all property acquired by her since her
marriage and half the community prop
erty, which she says is worth about
$40,000.
Young James B. Moraghan and his
wife. Mary G. Moraghan/ have again de
cided to adjust their differences and live
together as man and wife. In view of
this decision, the third or fourth of the
kind, the action for divorce recently In
stituted by Mrs. Moraghan was dismissed
yesterday. •
The action for divorce brought by Mrs.
Lottie A. Carey against Peter A. Carey
is now on trial before Judge Graham.
Decrees of divorce we're granted yester
day to Harriet H. Sharp from. W. T.
Sharp for failure to provide, Clarence E.
Seaver from Elizabeth E. Seaver for de
sertion, Emma. M. Stone from JU. A. Stone
for desertion, Minnie Raap from Alfred
C Ilsap for cruelty, Arey A. Dudley from
Edna H. Dudley for desertion, Catherine
Jacobs from Jacob Jacobs for cruelty and
Lucy R. Nunez from Francisco* Nunez for
desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Rosa Greenberg against Leopold Green
berg for desertion, Margaret Hoppe
against Edward Hoppe for cruelty. J. Beg
ley against Mary A. Begley for desertion
and Samuel Hertz against Minnie Hertz
for desertion.
pays not exceeding 15 per cent of the
amount reebvered. Haynes ascribes as a
reason for his resignation that he had
been criticized so harshly for the enforce
ment of an obnoxious law imposing: ex-i
orbitant penalties for delinquent taxes
that he feared his political chances would
be jeopardized.
/SAN JOSE, .April 23.— James C. Dun
ham, the sextuple murderer of the Mc-
Glincy family at Campbell, is believed
to be in jail at Talledaga, Ala. This is
the opinion of Sheriff W. D. Mayo of Clay
County, Alabama, and, after viewing a
photograph of the suspect sent by Mayo,
the officials of . the Sheriff's office here
believe the same. The resemblance is so
striking that a man probably will be sent
from here to identify him.
A few weeks ago Sheriff Langf or i re
ceived a letter from Sheriff Mayo saying
he had a Dunham suspect under surveil
lance and asking for detailed information,
and photographs. . These were sent and
two more letters were received from.
Mayo, one arriving to-day containing a
photograph of the Dunham suspect,
Sheriff Mayo evidently became con
vinced to-day that he has Dunham under
arrest, for late to-night this message was
received from him: .
"Am confident I have Dunham in jail;
wire instructions."
Sheriff Langf ord instructed him ¦ to hold
the man at any cost and procure photo
graphs in all the positions possible. * •
The photograph received this afternoon,
is an excellent likeness of murderer Dun
ham, or of his likenesses sent broadcast
by the thousands. The suspect had been
farming in a, sparsely settled section of
Clay County, Alabama, for several years,
"having made, his appearance there a few
mouths after the horrible crime at Camp
bell. He acted strangely and made no
friends. Lately he became communicative
and spoke of having lived in California
and the Santa Clara Valley. His appear
ance tallied with the description of Dun
ham, and closer investigation by .his
neighbors: led. to the conclusion that he
was the murderer. On the information
they gave to the Sheriff, he. was arrested
on a misdemeanor charge for the purpose
of holding him. ¦¦• •-
On January 26, 1856, Dunham killed the
McGlincy family, consisting- of his wife,
her father and mother, and brother, and
two hired men, at Campbell,' this county.
He escaped, and, "although $10,000 reward
was offered for his arrest, the capture has
not been made, unless this suspect should
prove the right one.
Alabama Officials Hold
Man Resembling the
Murderer.
EVERY resource at the command
of a large force of detectives has
thus far been vainly exerted In
an attempt to get some tidings
of George A. Snook, who disap
peared so • mysteriously J from his home,
1941 Broadway,- more than ten days ago.
A corps of searchers under the direction
of former Chief of Police Lees is scouring
the. city, but no . clew has been obtained
of the missing merchant's whereabouts,
and his family Is thoroughly alarmed.
The police of various cities have been
notified and asked to aid in the effort to
locate the venerable wanderer.
No one has yet been found who saw
Mr. Snook after he left his residence April
12. It is known that the old gentleman
had very little money in his possession
at the time he .wandered away, and for
that reason it is though improbable that
he could have gone very far from the
HAVE DUNHAM
OR HIS DOUBLE
city without leaving some trace of his
route behind him.
As a last resort the family will have
distributed a number of photographs of
Mr. Snook. These pictures should do a
great deal to identify him if he is wan
dering aimlessly about the rural districts
of the State or has been detained in any
out of the way quarter of the city.
Mr. Snook is a man of impressive ap
pearance. His long, flowing, white beard
and benign countenance were well known
to thousands of citizens of San Francisco,
as he has been a prominent member of
the business community of this city the
greater portion of his life. The. fact of
his large acquaintance lends intensity to
the' mystery surrounding hia disappear
ance. '
Mr. Snook's daughters will continue the
search for their father with redoubled en
ergy for ¦ air indefinite time, but several
of his. relatives have already abandoned
all hope of ever again seeing him alive.
of Paradise. Weary ¦Willie must suffer
the law's exaction. His elation is com
plete when his eyes feast upon the kegs
and faucets that lend a beer garden ap-
AGED MERCHANT WHOSE MYSTE
RIOUS DISAPPEARANCE STILL
BAFFLES POLICE AND FAMILY.
CHIEF OF POLICE SULLIVAN'S ROOF GARDEN AT THE CITY PRISON, WHICH, IT IS EXPECTED, WILL PROVE
ATTRACTIVE TO BIRDS OF THE "JAIL" VARIETY ANE> RECOMPENSE WEARY WILLIES FOR ENFORCED
SEPARATION FROM PUBLIC PARKS.
(h» Chief at the nark. They were trans
planted In the prison, some of them In
corners, while more surmount th© walls
that do not touch the celling. The tirekm
were made more to reeemblfl a section of
a hothouwe than the bar at which prison
ers tell th« sergeant how It all happened.
And this Is said to be only the first con*
plKtimenl. Grass may replace the hard
concrete and vegetables may be raised
for kitchen use. Trees will not be plant
ed lees than four feet apart, as there
would be danger of prisoners straying
away nnd yetting lost
The Veterans of the Flowing Bowl have
found a haven of peace. No more nights
in chilly parks for them with such en
vironments at the City Prison. It Is said
that the department band will play there
every Sunday afternoon, and from behind
bars twined with ivy they can study na
ture and pick flowers. They may occupy
rustic peats, but the old rule of keeping
off the grass still holds.
But with the sweet comes bitterness and
In the midst of his. dreams of the- garden
TUB futur* of the City Priion In
the upvt Han ©f Justice la only a
matter of conjecture. When
Chief of Police Bullivan and na
ture rraiijo their plan* It may
have evolved Into a roof garden, but
there are still ft. few who dare to hope
that It* identity as a place of punishment
for offenders against the law will not be
lost.
The flora of the prison waa a thing
undreamed of until the present day of
reform and advancement. It was not
enough that the floors be polished, the
walls tinted and the chandeliers be of
spotless brass, but the Interior must don
a pylvan appearance, probably to invite
birds of the "Jail" variety. So gardeners
took up the work where the carpenters
and painters rested, and the etranger,
when the elevator stops with a Jar at the
fourth story, finds himself In a wonder-
Chief Sullivan Has Corners and Tops of Low Walls Adorned
With Palms, Ferns and Grasses, Until Weary Willies
No Longer Yearn for the Shaded Lawnsj)f Public Parks
On November 11, 1800, Tha Coll
published an exclusive account oj
steps then being taken to form a com*
blnatlon of the leading Bhip-bulldlnp;
yards in the Union. After nearly two
years of deliberation and negotiation
plans for the combining 1 of the inter*
ests of four great plants have been
completed*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 23.— Plans are prac
tically perfected for the pooling of the
Business of the four American shipyards.
Those most directly. concerned In the deal
expected that an agreement would be
signed to-day. There has been delay,
which, however, is. of little consequence,
as the principals are all in full accord.
In the deal are the Union Iron Works
of San Francisco, the Bath Iron Works of
Bath, Me., the Newport News Ship
building and Drydocte Company of New
port News, Va., and the Crescent Ship
yards of Ellzabethport, N. J. Unfounded
rumors were afloat yesterday to the effect
that not fewer than a dozen shipyards
are to be brought into th*eombination with
the object of stifling competition. This,
however, those interested in the amalga
mation assert. Is absolutely without foun
dation. Competition will be courted
rather than evaded, and the men who
have the enterprise in charge will refuse
—and Indeed have refused— to widen its
scope.
This combination will bring together
Lewis Nixon of the Crescent Shipyards:
Edward W. Hyde, president of the Bath.
Iron Works; Calvin B. Orcutt. president
of the Newport News Shlp-bullding and
Drydock Company, and Irving M. Scott,
president of the Union Iron Works. The
Huntington estate will be largely Inter
ested 1 in the deal.
Limited to the four shipyards men
tioned, the combination will probably
form a working agreement with the
Cramps of Philadelphia, which will add
greatly to its strength and enable It to
carry out the purposes for which it ia
being brought into existence.
A rumor that is as yet unverified,
though generally believed, has It that
Naval Constructor Bowles will resign his
position' with the Navy Department In
Washington to become the executive head
of the shipyard combination. Bowles has
had- the position under consideration for
a week. __ • .
Foreign competition T3 responsible for
the new move of the American ship
builders, and, in fact, English methods of
business are being followed. There is tf>
be no ship-building trust. Community of
interest of the four concerns is what is
to be established. '*.- '---
To Lewis Nixon, who owns the Crescent
Shipyards at Elizabethport. N. J., be
longs the credit of bringing about the
combination which is now being matured.
Four Big Plants Aro at
Last Ready to Pool
Interests.
Constructor , Bowles May
; Leave the Navy to Beoomo
the Exeoutivo Head.
SHIP BUILDING
YARDS COMBINE
ROOF GARDEN TURNS CITY PRISON
INTO WONDERLAND OF RARE FLORA
But little concern la felt by the Polled
Department for that bunch of "thieve*
headed for this city, their eyes intent on
plunder." Nothing Is feared from the dep
redations of the "army of criminals,"
which the Examiner alleges "Is on its
way to gather epoll among crowds coming
to welcome the President."
• Perhaps the most unfortunate compli
cation is that many of the leaders of this
most mysterious army are either dead or
in Jail. Police officials are not losing any
Bleep over their expected coming and are
not disposed to treat seriously the noti
fication received from railroad detectives
of their method of doing business.
Crooks of all classes and degrees do not
usually make public the announcement
of their route. Their press agents gener
ally get on the scene after the deed is
done. If they are dead - romantic tales
and previous records surround them with
a certain glamour. If in jail, it Is gener
ally hard for them to get, back to "the
old -«orld" their intentions as to future
movements, for the benefit of the gullible.
Some swallow the bait, especially when a
railroad detective is at the reel end of
So when Detective C. C. Crowley of the
Southern Pacific Company, announced
that this army was approaching San
Francisco, he hied himself to his ancient
archives, dug up copies of The Detective,
a weekly paper devoted to police news,
published in the East, got the records of
these crooks and his name into print at
the same time. One point was overlooked
by Crowley and his Examiner amanuen
sis '¦ and that was keeping the. record up
to date.
If Crowley had simply announced that
All Baba and his forty thieves were com
ing to San Francisco his joke might have
been taken seriously. But he did not. In
stead, he placed in' the latter day class
photographs and pictures of the dead and
the imprisoned. Death cannot be avoided
and escape from penitentiaries is usually
difficult.
Take, for instance, the case of Richard
Preston, alias "Windy Dick." He is said
to be looked upon as a dangerous pick
pocket Unfortunately for "Windy Dick"
he. Is In Joliet Penitentiary, In Illinois,
and will not be given a parole in order to
enable him to visit San Francisco. •
Crook and Wife Both. Dead.
"Daniel Nugent, who has grown gray
picking pockets, and his alleged wife, Min
nie May, alias Daly, are easily at the top
of the criminal ladder," says the Exam
iner. ¦ ¦ . ' ¦ • •
Unfortunate, perhaps, it is for the two
that they cannot come with that army.
Perhaps both will -.turn uneasily in their
graves if they should know that "Danny
is ¦ a 200-pounder and what is commonly
known as a 'stull' " as says the Exam
iner. Perhaps, -if the Examiner could
communicate through Nikola Tesla with
Mars, or some other suburban resort,
Danny and May might be here. But they
are in their graves.
• Unfortunately again for the Examiner
and its pictures, James Jordan and
Charles A. Willis are at the penitentiary
at Deer Lodge, Mont. Chief of Police Sul
livan has not as yet telegraphed there to
know if they have got away, but is satis
fled that they rill stay there until the bal
ance of their long term is served. As a
companion 4 to these two. Bob Sherwood,
alias the "Gorilla," is also enjoying the
hospitality of the State of Montana with
the balance of a long sentence hanging
over him. There are others, too, in the
Examiner's list who are also In a state of
innocuous desuetude.
. "Crawley must have just been filling the
Examiner reporter with hot air, or trying
to make a flying machine out of him," re
marked Captain Seymour . yesterday.
"Why, half of these alleged notorious
crooks are dead, and the balance in jail.
They give us but little concern, especially
the dead and the jailed. From The Detec
tive one can get any old kind of a picture,
and the older the picture, is the better it
is. Crowley just gave the Examiner man
a large gold brick: ' If he is a detective,
he ought to know better than scare people
into the same condition as these dead and
jailed convicts." . ; .
Seymour Not Apprehensive.
Captain Seymour adds that the crowd
that will attend the President's reception
will probably be no larger than some oth-,
ers the Police "Department has handled,
and that the people need not go around
with their "hands on their pocketbooks."
The harvest that is likely to be reaped
will be of such small quantity that It will
be hardly worth considering.
¦ Through the medium of the Examiner it
is also announced that Henry Johnson,
Ed Williams and somebody's pal have ar
rived in town. Maybe they have; more
likely they have not, for at last accounts
all except the unknown pal were in East
ern penitentiaries. It is well for people to
lock their windows and keep their hands
on •their pockets while this army of crooks
is landed in this city, but the greatest
care should be observed regarding those
who are dead or in the penitentiary, for,
according to their published records, they
are the most dangerous of the lot.
Two Eastern crooks were apprehended
in this city at the Orpheum a few nights
ago. One who gave his name as Jo Green
is known in. the East as Harry A. Hud-
Bon, but his right name is Hudnall. He
came out to visit relatives in Oakland,
came over to the city, imbibed too freely,
and was caught. He had been shadowed
from the time of his arrival until his cap
ture. His companion, C. H. Merrill, Is
practically unknown, but has an Eastern
record that will be 'produced against him
on his trial. ' \ • / % •
Pictures and Records Dug Up
Prom Old Files of .The
Detective.
Police Shatter Story of
Their Announced
; Advance.
THIEVES DEAD
OR IN PRISON
THE. SAN FBANCISCO . CALL, WEDNESDAY, AFRIL 24, 1001.
Large Force of Detectives 'Is at Work on
the Case, but So Far No Clew Has Been
Obtained™ Notice'Sentto Police Elsewhere
FATE OF MISSING MERCHANT
SNOOK IS VEILED IN MYSTERY
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
Is the subtle force which* controls the different organs of the
body. It makes them strong or weak, healthy or : diseased,
according #/ as the brain and nerves are strong and vigorous or
weak and diseased. Weak nerves cause headache, nervousness,
neuralgia, indigestion, Jjeart - trouble and many other forms "of
chronic weakness. Make 'the nerves strong, the brain clear and
active and the body will be healthy and vigorous.
"I was taken with a peculiar ailment that affected-
;>;- myneaaand my nerves were all nnstning. I was very
nervous, could not sleep and my mind was all confused. I
doctored for several weeks without getting better and
then began taking Dr. files' Kervlne. The first bottle
S^^i^^S'- 1 kept fln »- and when l had «*
Mrs. C. Schboedee, Metropolis, Ills
Ut* miles Ne^vMe
'v; soothes and rests the tired brain, strengthens the nerres
and supplies the nerve influence that is so necessary to
build up; health of body and vigor of mind. Try It*
Sold by druggists oa aruarantea Db. Miles MEDTnAt. Caj EUthan. In!"
"It is a great pleasure to testify to
Postum that has made me a well woman
again. I have many friends here and in
other parts of the State who are using
Postum Food Coffee regularly, and I know
to their very ?reat benefit."
"For the past three years I have been a
perfectly strong, healthy woman, sleep
well, with good appetite, good color, active
and energetic.
"I took his advice at once and discon-
tinued medicines. Slowly the swelling dis-
appeared and the rheumatism left me,
the Blnking spells became less frequent,
and I got out of bed and around the
rouse. I was completely cured, but it re-
quired some time.
Mrs. Jeannette B. Brown, 100 Minor
street. Xew Haven, Conn., says: "Four
years ago my life hung on a very, slender
thread with liver, kidney and heart trou-
ble, and a %-ery severe form of rheuma-
tism. I was confined to bed with hands,
wrists, feet anl ankles bo badly swollen
that they bore no resemblance to parts of
the human body. I had frequent sinking
spells from heart weakness, when I was
thought to be dying and some times
thought to be dead. My doctor, one of the
directors of the State Hospital, a very
successful man in his profession, told me
to stop drinking coffee and use Postum
Food Coffee, as. he said coffee was the
primary" cause of my trouble.
When a woman Is brought to the edge
of the grave by poisoning from the' drink-
Ing of ordinary coffee day by day, and is
then made a well woman by leaving it
off, her experience Is worth something to
others that are poisoned In various ways
from the same habit.
It Was Quit Coffee or Die.
TIME WAS UP.• * ." • . . "• , ¦ ¦¦/»:'... .-...¦'.•¦'."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, . APRIL 24, 1901.
10
«AA FRAXCISCO CAM*
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San FraacUco
f s . comer of Market and Third streets; open
trtil 12 o'clock *very night In the year.
BKAXCH OFFICES— £17 Montgomery etreet.
enroer Clay: open until 8:30 p. m.
"00 Hayes etreet: open ?:39 p. ra.
C3 McAllister street: cp»n until S:SO p. m,
or, Lerkin street: op' untU 9:30 p. m.
:?¦<! MiMrion Btreet: open until 10 p. ra.
IVl Market ctreet. corner -lxteentn; open
vr rll So. m.
Jf« Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
K?6 Vnlrncla street: cpen until 9 p. HJ.
V<-rthweFt comer Twent--second ana Ken-
1»IKE^IMJ_\OTICES^ £
yoUXT ' lilORI A H Lodse No. 44. F. and •
A. M— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) mff\m
KVENING. at 7:30 o'clock. Second Tt^
Degree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec.
J'lVsiON Lodge No. IBS. F. and A. M. *
-tailed meeting THIS (WEDNES- J^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. «V/\
Third L-e S re.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and ¦
* 51. Officers and members are re- _*m_
p'pcctf ully requested to assemble at «LJ^ ,
th« Masonic Temple. FRIDAY. / NP »
April 25, at 1:30 p. m., for tho purpose or
¦ttraflfnc the obsequies of our late brother,
THEO E. SMIT H> w M .
OFFICERS and members of Triumph .jXjtej.
Lodge No. 1S3, A. O. U. W.— You are yJElig:
requested to attend the funeral of fUSSS?
our late brother, MANSURETO *¦*«»*•
DOGOSTINA. from residence, 1S16 Stockton
at. WEDNESDAY. April 24, 8,t 1 p. m.
M. W. C. R. HOLTON.
J. H. CATTRAN. Recorder.
AGENTS WANTED.
ITcKINLKT is coming; a big chance for agents
to se'.l his life; call at once; commission 69-
per cent. THE WHITAKER & RAY COM-
PANY, 722 Market st.
WANTED— A local ag^nt in each township to
pell our up-to-date publications; good re-
muneration for first-clsss people. Address
PTEPHENSON. box 114. Sacramento. Cal.
ASf'H A L'I'IjM KOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt . rooting, sidewalks re-
pnlrfd: postal. 11S6 Mlffion: let. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEY S AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
ro fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. E50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE fr«e; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market Ft., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma. Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BO A RUING FOR CHILURKN.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board : yard : best of care. 1607 California st.
UISIM2SS CHANCES.
A — $1000; SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards;
large transient trade; rent $40. Call R. G.
WILXE. 26'i Kearny st.
A— $3000; GROCERY store (without bar) doin?
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
¦location in city. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny et.
A-$2000: BOARDING and livery stable. West-
ern Addition: net rent $48; clearing above $150
per month: large patronage; etock of buggies,
horses and harness first class. Call R. G.
WILKE. J6 1 " Kearny gt.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
rent $1S; living rooms; location can't be beat;
pooq business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny st.
A— J750; STATIONERY, variety store; cigars
end ice cream; stock Invoices $1000; must be
told at once; owner engaged otherwise. Call
R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kcarr.y st. ; rent $75; clearing J180 per month;
daily receipts about $60. Call R. G. WILKE,
-6Vs Kcarny st.
A-$2000; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining
hall, etc.; rent $75; place established many
years; doing a steady, good-paying business:
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A-JS50; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
cry with living rooms; corner; Western Ad-
dition: r«"nt $10; good business: clean store.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $4000; SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135; sicknes In family com-
pels owner to sacrifice: a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $2000; PARTNER wanted in old established
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc.;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all cifscriptions; established many years and
doing a money-making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2Z\j Keamy st.
$l-iC0— PA RTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; large Bales; cash trade; staple goods.
Mclaughlin & co., 777% Market -et.
E275 — Millinery store: bargain; going East cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
$7.W- CORNER saloon; business location; full
value for price asked; retiring cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & co.. 7T7h Market st.
$1SOO— DAIRY and milk route with cattle, near
rity: going to Europe cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. TTTVi Market st.
A— GROCERY and bar. receipts $1000 month:
sell at invoice. STRAND & KAISER, 209
Kearny st. •
A— BRANCH bakery and variety store: re-
ceipts 510 a day; a snap. STRAND &
KAISER. 209 Kearny st.
A— RESTAURANT; No. 1 location; receipts
$43 day; price reasonable. STRAXD &
KAISER, 209 Kearny st.
A A A— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars,
3C0 candy and ice cream stores, 600 restau-
rants, 900 stores of all kinds; partners -wanted.
Parties with J100 up can be suited. If you
¦want to buy a business call and eee us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market Bt
FOR private sale: some of the best saloons in
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Mkt.
J RESTAURANTS; water front... $400 and $750
2 restaurants; Fourth st $400 and $800:
1 restaurant en Seventh Et 11500
1 restaurant on Grant ave $900
Besides many others: also saloons, groceries,
lodging-houses. LUND1N & CO., 906 Market.
WHAT? a building, a business, a stock and
fixtures, consisting of an oyster house with
restaurant; liquor license; doing big busi-
ness; centrally located and on Market; all
goes for $400. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
$?0O— SALOON; rare chance for the right man
to acquire a good-paying business; guarantee
$200 per month clear of all expenses: cheap
¦ rent: 7 pood living rooms^ no better location
in the city. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
$250— PARTNER wanted in an old established
cash business; owner well known practical
businers man; profits average $80 a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. C32 Market Et.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notioni
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt.
A FINE restaurant; city front; $1503. JOSEPH
BAILIE, 759 Market 6t.
A FIRST-CLASS new and second-hand ladles'
<-lothing store for sale cheap, as the owner
has othT business; the rent is cheap and lo-
ectior; first-class. 'Apply 1023 Folsom st. .
BKSTAUBJtKT; best location in town; among
the big retail houses; a genuine offer. Box
4044. Call office.
EESPHCTABLE lady of experience would like
to manage a lodging-house; best references.
MRS. M. ST. CLAIR. Arlington Hotel, Oakld.
XVANTED— Good cigar ttore; city or country:
no ager.ts: ttate particulars. Box 4023, Call.
IF you want to sell your business immediatelv.
Business Board of Trade, 326 Pine st.
BAKERY and restaurant for sale cheap on
account of ill-health. Box 4013. Call office.
15 A LOON and gardens: established and kept by
present owner 26 years; retiring account old
age: larse grounds, big trees; also tables,
benches, barne ; few miles from S. F.; town
3000: cheap: fare 35c round trip: near R. R.
station: factories; good place for bus rides,
Fir.al! picnics, etc.: particulars to responsible
parties: r.n agents. A. C. CLARK, 522 Third.
$250 — TAILOlt TmFineEii; no better location in
the city ; is jxjsitiveiy worth over four times
amount asked: hut It must go immediately;
r«-nt 1e v«t>- low; established 1! years. In-
<iuii>? or. premises, 5C5 Gutter at.
rAHTNER: butcher business; doing business
T12C0 end over; trial given; experience not
nee.led: reference; must be sober and indus-
trious. Apply at SO.".; £ixt?enth st.
EHOE Ktr.re tor fcala in San Rafael; money-
makir.g r'lace for a rhoemaker. For particu-
lars 3'iply to MACXES. SEIBERLICH SHOE
CO., U5 Second &t.. San Francisco.
IWELL equipped French hand laundry; ex-
clusive cash patrons: without competition ;
good profit: poor health cause of sale. Ad-
drfss box 2*2;, Call offio>e.
A MAIL dock restaurant, doing a good bu&S-
noss. for sale: account cf other '¦¦. business.
Apply 5« First £t. ir-.. .
/.N '.>'.a-e.-ta!ii;Fhed Cne paying proeery and
fcar: jin occo"nt of departure. 1315 Mission.
SALOON: cld-fstabii.-Ji-rd comer; Z sunny liv-
ing roorr.s: must sell: other business. 554 4th.
TOR Pale— OooJ saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Bex 373S. Call office.
FARTNEK v.-anted; must be a good cook or
v.-siter. Box 4C16, Call office. • - ••'r*--..
>VANTED— A r*rtner In saloon business. 640
Ccznaaercia! rL
BUSINESS CHANCES Contlnned.
$3000— FURNITURE store In best business town
on coast; established 17 years; sacrificed in
order to close estate; expense of Investigation
paid by us if not found as ' represented.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
WE have two shoe stores for sale at nearly in-
voice price; call and get particulars; It will
pay you. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st.
WHOLE or half Interest In well-stocked paying
drug store on Market Bt.; rent only $65; good
lease; owner leaving city on account of sick-
ness; a bona-fide bargain. HORN, SOLOMON
& CO., 30 Kearny st. (
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, 51400;
or owner will sell half Interest to good busi-
ness man for $800; will guarantee $1SO to $300
per month. HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st. ¦
WHOLESALE liquor store; established 11 years ;
doing a business of $40,000 per year; books
open to inspection to reliable parties; terms
if desired: a rare bargain. HORN. SOLO-
MON & CO.. SO Kearny st.
$300— BUTCHER shop and trade; fine fixtures;
cost more than price asked to fit up. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. SO Kearny st.
$500— GENERAL merchandise store for sale at
a sacrifice: telephone exchange reduces rent
to $12. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. ¦ SOLOMON. & CO., 30
Kearny St.; tel. Main 1604.
FOR SALE— A well-established grocery and
general merchandise business in Oakland,
Cal.; will sell for cost price of stock, which
will inventory for about $4000; splendid op-
portunity for an active business roan; rea-
sons for selling, sickness; principals only
will be dealt with. For particulars see J.
F. STREET, Attorney at Law. rooms 16 and
17, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal,
$125 — PARTNER wanted in restaurant; fine
bus. ; no exp. ; clears $50 mo. 436 Fourth Bt.
A GOOD grocery, butcher ¦ and bar business
combined for sale. Box 37C5. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap, with living
rooms: oomolete. 136 Second st.
FOR sale — Candy store and ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market et.
WANTED— Respectable young lady or man as
partner In candy business. 941 Folsom St.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house for eale. Apply Call office.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
I LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE. ,
SEllECT^A^foljSE^R^M^AlS^TrTrrTr^
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
10 rooms: rent $27 50 $350
6 rooms: Ellis st : 400
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St., near Market : 500
14 rooms; on Third St., near Market 550
14 rooms; on Mission st 550
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200 2000
27 rooms; just finished; very fine 2800
20 rooms; on Geary St.; clears, $135 2400
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300. 3*00
SO-room boarding-house; clears $600 8000
S-room flat: sunny side 700
6-room flat: very good 325
600 other houses. 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
$100,000 to loan at 1% per cent.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
A- CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush S2S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all sizes and prices.
63 rooms; downtown; modern, apartment
house; clears $300 per - month; flrst-
class Investment .' $3400
31 rooms; business center: offices; good.. 1800
12 rooms; rent $50: oak furniture 1000
46 rooms; rent J175; cor.; clears $200 5000
II rooms; rent $40; fine home; piano 850
10 rooms: elegant residence; partly fur.. 750
34 rooms; rent $130: elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans... 2650
MARION GRIFFIN By Call bldg.
i 719 Market St.: money to loan; tel. Black 1803.
5)0 rooms on Market St.; low rent $6300
21 rooms on Eddy St.; full 1400 :
21 rooms; corner; good furniture 800 '
15 rooms: good: quite central 850
60 rooms; clearing &1£O per month '. ... 3500
16 rooms ; O. K. ; housekeeping 1000 i
14 rooms; transient; fair furniture 550
18 rooms; corner; fine oak fur.; fine bus.. 1550
26 rooms on Larkin Ft. ; rent $90 2000
10 rooms; 2 blocks of Market; rent $35.... 300
40 rooms; full; north Market: rent $120... 1900
12 rooms; boarding-house; fine 1400
17 rooms; central; 1 floor; clears $75 mo.. 500
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN* TOWN.
6 rooms: excellent furn.; cheap rent... $200
15 rooms: rent $41 50; good location 475
21 rooms; downtown; clears -$100 mo.... 1,000
65 rooms; fine cor.; apartment house... 2,600
102 rooms; biggest money-maker in city. 5,750
X4S rooms; particulars given bus. people. 25,000
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market St.
WINSTON & WOLF, 102G Market st.
63 rooms: cheap rent: for $3250
SO rooms; corner; part cash ' 2600
S2 rooms; rent $43: clears $100 1200
26 roon:s; corner: $500 cash 1100
17 rooms; rent $50; $500 cash 1100
500 other houses for sale.
Money i on furniture at 1*£ per cent.
18 ROOMS; Mission St.; rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Mason st. ; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $80; price $.1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy: rent $58: price $650.
13 rooms; Pine: elegantly fur.: rent $50: $1200.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2, No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
48 rooms: north of Market: only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
SO rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
$300— LODGING-HOUSE, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent; water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny St.
FOR sale — 10-room rooming-house; 128% Ninth
st: good location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented.
SNAP — $300; modern rooming house of 9 rooms.
1 b!r>ck Van Ness and Market; north side;
rent $25. Box 3826, Call office.
A GOOD list of lodging-houses from $250 to
$2500. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
14 ROOMS; central; transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40; bargain. Dciinelly Co., 632 Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world so sure of his occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free tests. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 13S2 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, tha
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining ». specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Kesld. (no signs). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkln.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings n. J164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed questions
and flowers, S p. m., 10c. 305 Larkin Et.
SPIRITUAL meeting every night ex. Sun., Mon.
1238 Howard; convincing test. Mrs. Maxwell.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests.
10c; prophetic readings, 60c, $1. 14S Sixth.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin Bt.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
PROF. GEE. readings, L. 50c; G. $1; mall, $1;
c'r. Tues.. Thurs., SaL. 8 p. m. ; 10c. 515 Jones.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; tests to all to-night: 10c:
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mme. m. Bernard! i~~~
the famou8
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third et.. next Examiner bldg.
Ehe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
j MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
| ket eL. rorner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 2S: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
cuarante»d by mail; send Ktamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to.
__«-verybody:. tlp3 on races. 2io--i Sixth- st.
MME. POUTER,, wonderful clairvoyant .t card
reader, born with .double veil— second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
cents $1; palm, and clair. Lit. $1 50. 126.Turk.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, cp.
6th; private- readings dally; 10 a. m. to => p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant," card reader.
test medium: 25c up. 473 Stevenson st., cor.6th.
MME. ZEREDA/ the gypsy; palmist; card
¦ reader; 25c up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MALLORY. . clairvoyant, card reader*
when others fall consult me; 25c. 125 Sixth.
I . ¦ u i; i~
CLAIRVOYAXTS--Conttnned ; _
MME. GYEISN, trance, business. medium, life
reader, medical clairvoyant; office hours 1 to-
5 and 7 to 9 p. m. 100SH Market St. i '
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel.Howard 1S4S.
YOUNG Mies Zemdar. clair.. palmist; names
given; hrs. 10 to 9. 1203 Market St., cor. 8th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. v BROWN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 60c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. SCHAFFEH, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448V; Jessie gt.. bet. 6th ani 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA ,reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up 5 Fourth St.
CARPET nEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Bt ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister st.: phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating "Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co. , 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126. -
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lesfe successful. Room 310. 927 Market 8t.
DENTISTS. ______
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free, i4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns.$3 50: fillings,
50c • plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments >
Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
CURRY, "Dentist"; all\work guaranteed. 214
McAllister St.: phone Mint 276.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L.WALSH,815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.'
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission' st., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk St.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clas3 rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market St..
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention.. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ParrotTbldgl—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
. guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookke'eping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50; individual
instruction: positions secured: "catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. '
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin St. -
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mining.mech., sur-
vey, aseay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. ¦
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, .exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER, College. . shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg. -.Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils in all . branches In
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E. Call i office. • . .
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1CCS Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men 'at short
notice. UJ5 Sutter.' nr. Polk: tel. Larkin 2331.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
rook?, waiters and ." house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st ; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning &:employ-
| ment: all kinds help. 104C Sutter; tel. East 203..
! RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; Main 51S8.,
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Suiter: tel. Black 5072
CHINFSE and Japanese 'employment office —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
\ \ • \i?<)ict.'nct4 ID b/n.eit'ma.ft ! !
. ¦ % . m ¦¦¦¦ ' ¦. ¦ ¦ ;
x OFFICE FOR -COLOHAOO CLAY OHUR $V& |
; 406 £/L#** £& &<*»6>*s ?4<£?S "» ''¦'[¦' "
; SAN FRANCISCO, April 23, 1901. i!
y Business Manager S. F. CALL.. ; ' !!
Dear Sir: Please have your representa- ;;
4 tive call upon me, as I wish to make a ;
',', contract, with your paper for advertising.
!! I recently placed an advertisement of my
!! business in all the morning papers, but -
: the results from THE CALL'S advertisement ||
!! were so much superior both in quantity and
i" quality to those obtained from any , other <
i paper that I have seen fit to extend my ad_ '
.} vertising with you alone. It was a sur_ !
;;¦ prise to me to have positive evidence of !
; how widespread your readers are through- ;
; out the coast and West. Yours truly, • !
E5IPLOYMBNT — FEMALE.
YOUNG woman wishes few more engagements
for even'nsr entortainments and parties; Irst-
•i claKs ta'ad mckfr and waitress. Call three
daya 116 % Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman' wants a situation;
general housework or chamberwork In hotel.
Inquire 77 Natoma st. . ¦
YOUNG woman wants laundry work by the
day; can furnish references. Address M. S.,
S63 Linden ave. " * • ' ,
GERMAN woman raised in America wishes a
situation to do housework; is a good cook;
wages moderate. 209 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE woman would like a place to
work mornings; chamberwork or light house-
work or take care of a child. 815 Post st.
RELIABLE girl wishes a situation as ; nurse
or upstairs work and sewing. Call at 4303
Eighteenth st. ¦ ,,. \
GIRL wishes general housework; good plain
cook. 1429 Polk st., from 9 to 10 or 2 to 4;
. no postals. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman ; wants position as
housekeeper; small wages; city or country.
420Vfe Clementina st. -
REFINED middle-aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper; city or country. Call 68-76 Ellis
st.,' room 577 between 2 and 5 p. m.
COOK to do housework or downstairs work In
private family. Call 420 Minna st.
GERMAN woman wishes washing or house-
cleaning. 415 Stockton st.
SWEDISH woman wants work by day. 438%
Francisco st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
washing & cleaning. 262H Clementina, rear.
WOMAN wishes situation to do chamber work
or light housework. • Call 422% Ivy ave.
WANTED— A situation; general housework,
plain . cooking; American family preferred;
wages $25. Inquire 118 Clara st.
WANTED— By highly recommended young wo-
man, position a* maid or to care for children
going East or to Europe. R., 2210 Webster st.
COMPETENT cook wants place in private fam-
ily; references; wages $25. Box 2223, Call of-
fice, Oakland. '_
FIRST-CLASS nurse wants a position to care
for invalid; no. objection to country. Box
2224. Call office. Oakland. * ¦ -
RESPECTABLE young Swiss lady, speaking
French and German, wishes a position for up-
stairs work and sewing; city references. Call
or address 695 McAllister st.
JAPANESE man, is good cook, and wlf?.
want situations with family In countrv.
FRANK TANOKA, 368 Seventh St., Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
.and baggage to and from ferry. v .
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103G
Valencia st. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.220O Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GENTLEMAN would like . different engage-
ments; can do surveying, civil engineering,
architecture, etc.; quick service. Apply 1033
Union st. _^ '
AN Eastern man wishes position as a manager
» or steward in a first-class hotel or restaurant ;
f clty or country; 20 years' experience; very
" best references. Box 4021, Call office. •
WANTED— Position in hotel; city or country;
experienced; acquainted with traveling fra-
ternity; good references and security; willing
to be tried. Box 4024, Call office.
CARPENTER desires work in the country;
would go to the mountains for a corporation
or summer resort for a summer Job. Box
. 4043, Call office. .
AN experienced traveler would like engagement
after May 1; best reference from present em-
ployer; salary no object until ability Is proven.
Box 4045, Call office. - '
YOUNG Frenchman, 23, highly educated and
speaking several languages, . wants position.
Box 4020, Call office. . - . .. . •'
WANTED— By eign painter, Job as card writer
and bundle clerk In a store; wages reasona-
ble. Box 4C46, Call office. -^
A FIRST-CLASS all-round blacksmith and a
helper; city or country Box 4038, Call.
STEADY, sober married man wants a position
as porter, night watchman or teamster or
work of any kind. Box 4007, Call office.
POSITION wanted by a young man of 24, sin-
gle, speaking both English and German;
wishes to learn bartending: is strictly sober;
excellent reference. Box 4006. Call office. ' .
MIDDLE-AGED man desires situation in pri-
vate residence; good gardener; first-class man
with horses; good driver; handy with tools or
take care of invalid. Box 4003, Call office.
POSITION as meat cutter; can furnish the best
.of references; city or country. GEO.- Mc-
DOWELL. 916 Seventh st.. room 22. Oakland.
LUNCH cook wants steady work. 3237% SIx-
teenth st. - .; ¦ ¦
SCOTCHMAN wishes situation to work in coun-
try. Box 4013, Call office. *
POULTRYMAN: understands Incubators and
brooders. Box 2222, Call office, Oakland. •'. -
YOUNG man wishes situation in family; un-
derstands care horses, cows, chickens, gar-
den; good driver; best references. F.S., box
3798. Call office. '
TO druggists! Wanted— A situation; two and
3 a I half years' experience; not a . graduate;
, willing in all; city or country; Al references.
Box 3S56, Call office/ ' .
YOUNG , man wants position In grocery and
bar; had one year's experience in bar work:
can speak German 2Dd English. Box 3S36.
; Call office., . ." ¦ .'.•.- -_. • £ ' ; :
POSITION by Japanese as porter in saloon
or barman. Address 211 Eddy «t. ; . telephone
Jessie I088. I
WITH good references, I want a place as. cook
in boarding-house or institution in this "city.
Address YEE LING. 2t> Prospect place, city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Taranch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office. for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.,' " • •
CHEAPEST nnd best In America— The Weekly
fall. 16 pages, .' sent -to any , address in the
-" TTpitetl Ptat<*s or Canada fine year for $1.
FIXAXCIAL. ]
F01: ixvkstors: !!;¦"¦¦' . :;
I OFFER ' FOR SALE
Unimproved and Income city property;' gllt-
fdtre bon'ds and stocks of electric, gas. rail-'
• ¦ road and 1 industrial corporations; money to
loan: - investments made; 'bank references;
correspondence solicited." " : • -•
T. OTWA Y: RADLEIR. • • ; *
Room 40, ' 310, Pine -st..
. ¦ • San Pnni-ivn
' *.- ? FLATS TO^IET.
FLAT. of 3 fine rooms unfurnished for house-
keeping;, large storeroom, balcony and yard.
923 Shotwell st. - " ¦¦ ¦¦ . ,
A— SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms and basement.
- $10. - 110 Perry St.. near Third. _
A— 10 DAYS free; sunny 7-room. newly reno-
vated; 442',£ Sixth St., near Harrison, $18.
FOR rent— Furnished modern flat. 6 rooms, for
4 months from May 1; cheap. 1530 Grove St.
SIXTH. S36A— Upper flat, 5 rooms and bath;
rent. $12; water free. . ."
3 ELEGANT new flats: Church St.. near 18th.
FLATS -TO LET—Furnlshed.
A NICELY furnished modern flat of 4 rooms,
complete; reasonable. 513 Eddy st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1517— Middle; piano.
bath, garden, etc.. $26: upper. $20; lower. $12.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
$400— NICELY furnished sunny flat, 6 rooms.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
Fl'RMTURB FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Nicely furnished eunny upper flat.
6 roomSj bath; Powell, near Pine; no agents.
Box 4015, Call office. ,
4 KOOMS furnished in tak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. Kinsr Furniture Co.. ¦ 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 5-room house; house to let;
rent $13. 12% Hollis st. .
VELVET parlor carpets and Magee range. 1806
Geary st.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
ttoves; give U3 a trial. 1114 Mission st.
• FURNITURE WASTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets, ',
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 7S7 Mission:. tel. Red 3353.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co.. 117 Sutter st. ;" tel. James 141.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny. buys A
tells your bus.,merchandise,fur.,carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdae.. etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.: tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
' price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkin; tel. Polk«94;
furniture & furn'd housesbought:- spot cash.
CHAS; LEVY buys ;-cur furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc 1135 Morket St.: tel. Jessie 761.
. HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
AT C'R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phono Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, summer resort $30
10 waitresses, same first-class hotel.. $20
2 waitresses, commercial hotel.... $30
Chambermaid to wait, commercial hotel.. $20
Waitress, San Rafael : $20
2 waitresses. Bakersfield ..$25
Waitress, Nevada County, fare paid, see
party here $25
Waitress, short distance, fare paid $20
2 chambermaids to wait, country $20
Lunch waitress, . no Sunday work 50c
Cook, workiagmen's boarding house, coun- •
try ..-. ...: J30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT r
Cooks, . housegirls, second ' girls, city and
country, best of wages, too many places to
advertise. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A— BOOKKEEPER for lumber,- general mer-
chandise and hardware store, country, $30-$40;
references. - Apply . C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
A— HOUSEGIRL, plain American cooking, no
washing, small family, no office fee, $15.
. Apply C. R. HANSEN. & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY &¦ CO. ....Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for city, country and resort hotels,
$20, $25; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20; cham-
bermaid, country, $20; woman cook, no dish-
washing, $25 to $30; extra waitresses, $150
day, free fare .'
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, small family, country, $30, no washing;
working housekeeper, $25, fare;. 2 house girls,
ranch, $20; cook for small family, - city, $30,
sleep home; many choice places for cooking
and housework, beat wages. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geaiy St.
WANTED — First-class , Protestant cook, • no
washing, for nice American family short dis-
tance In country, $35; also Protestant second
girl for the same place, two friends or two
sisters would be taken, can see lady in city:
we want a family cook for a family resort
for summer boarders, $40, see lady this fore-
noon; waitress, nice country hotel. $25; 6
second girls for city and country, $20 and
$25; maid and seamstress, $25. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
WANTED — For South . America, a well-bred
nursegirl to take charge of three children;
. must furnish best references; leave with
family next week and engage for two years.
Call Wednesday or Thursday between 1 and
3 D. m. (absolutely no other time), room 357,
Golden West Hotel, city.
COOKING teacher for training school; gradu-
ate preferred; hours 3 to 6 daily; also Thurs-
day and Saturday evenings; salary $25 month;
references. Address box 4033, Call office.
WANTED— A young nurse girl; 2 children;
light work. 2930 Sacramento St., corner Brod-
erlck. .
WANTED — Good cook; no washing; city refer-
. ences. Call from 9 a. m. to 1 p. m. at 2640
Jackscn st., near Scott.
WANTED— A tew experienced operators and a
limited number for instruction. Standard
1 Shirt Factory, Gouzh and- Grove sts. -~
WANTED— First-class operators and experi-
enced apprentice on vests. 30 Kearny, rm. 9.
EXPERIENCED girl to run buttonhole ma-
chine; good pay. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery.
WOMAN to cook, wash., assist with housework
for country; wages $20. 828 Turk st.
GIRL to assist in dining-room; $15. 301 Twen-
ty-second st..-Potrero Hotel. ' . •
GIRL for light housework; good home and $S
month. 424 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
WANTED— Girl to fold papers. Call 1139 Mar-
ket st. . - -
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at. Chutes
at. 6 o'clock this evening. / .
GIRLS wanted to sew by hand. ¦ 723 Market
St., room 35.
WANTED — Girl for housework "and cooking.
Call 2506 Pine St. - ,
EXPERIENCED girl" to' work In candy etore.
Greek- American Candy Co., 44 Fourth st.
LITTLE girl to take out baby dally; sleep
home. 309 Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats; steady posl-
. tion; good wages. .134 Ellis st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking for
• San Mateo: $25. Apply rm. 9, 40 Montgomery.
TAILORESS and apprentices wanted for coats.
631 Stevenson st. . • \
YOUNG girl for light housework; good home.
1538 Clay st.
FINISHER on coats; also buttonhole maker?
135% Natoma St., near New Montgomery.
YOUNG girl assist with housework, $3; small
family; good home. 430 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED — In. San Rafael, for- general housed
work, an active obliging girl between age of
28 and 30 In family of six; wages $30 month;
must have good references. Address • P. O.
box 196, San Rafael.
PANTS finishers; steady work; good wages.
SELIG BROS.. 108 Battery st. •
TYFEWRITIST; billing mostly: some office
collecting; $6. SMITHS' CASH STORE. 25
Market st. - '
WANTED— A good coat finisher. £20 Kearny
St., upstairs, room 1. '
GIRL to assist in restaurant; experience not
necessary. Apply. 1727 Market St.'
GIRL for part houseworkf must be good cook;
$25. Apply between -10 and 2. 2346 Jones St.
2 FIRST-CLASS "finishers on trousers. M. J.
KELLER CO..~Oakland.
BUTTONHOLE 'maker, finishers and appren-
5 tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st:
FINISHER on first-class coats. 334 Kearny.
•st.. room 9. •< - *.-, " •. •
ABOUT 200 more operators wanted at LEVI
. STRAUSS & CO.'S, overall factory. 32 Fre-
mont St.; no - experience necessary; good
wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS. ..
HA IRDRESSING taught in 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished: eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdresslng College. 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught In 3 months; positions se-
* cured when competent; eve'g. classes: terms
reasonable. Millinery College. 574 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced- shirt or watat opera-
tors. .. EAGLEKON * CO.. SSO Market st.
UE2LP WANTED— MALE.
A— WANTED^-"?. • : ¦•¦ ; - ,
Carriage painter, country.. ...... $10 and found
Blacksmith and shoe shop, near city...... ,
..¦......*....."..¦............ $-W and found
"Washer and clean I harness, country stable i
"'...-..... r.r.'.V .............". ....SCO and , iound
Baker." ' country shop $35 and boaYd
¦ Milker, country .'..... •••• -j^
Farm hands and orchard hands — .?JG
Cellar man. country ......$30 to $40 and found
Sheep herder, see boss here $23
2 quarrymen for mine $42 and board
.2 single-hand miners.:.... $42 and board
Waiter, country hotel...... $25 and fare .paid
... _ . w. D. EWER ; & CO.. 610 Clay ' st:
M4.N for summer resort; understand handling
'tool?:, make himself generally useful. C20
Railroad ave.. narrow gauge, Fiitn-street
Elation. Alametla: call early. . • 1
IIFj,P \|TA!VTlRr»-— MA^K-^Coi^^
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S........104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ........ -j
. Head cook for cafe, country. iSol baker -ana
pastry cook, summer resort, $60; head l^ry
¦ man. same place. $60: second cook country
hotel. $50; cook and wife for »y™ U1 « */"•
cook, hotel, city. $50; baker. Institution, coun-
try. $35; hotel man as kitchen steward $40 »
dishwashers, potwashers. vegetablemen and
kitchen hands. $30, $27 50. $23 and $20. 6 bell
and elevator boys. $10 and $20. .
MISCELLANEOUS --•••••• ,"••¦"•
10 milkers, different counties, $30: 6 tarmen
$26; 50 woodchoppers, $1 50 a cord; blacksmitns
and helpers. I
.'. RAILROAD WORK IViVin
Tunnelmen and drillers *-"** S
Teamsters and laborers, Uklah ii"
Laborers. R. 4t. work •„. <o
Free Fare --Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO I'M Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4S
- Leading— Employment— and— Labor— Agents
WANTS— 7 A. M. TO-DAY.. •••
10 men to dig a ditch. Santa Clara Co., -Oc
per foot, long job and men can make gooa
¦wages -
2 millwrights, sawmill co.. $4 day, see boss
here at 10 a. m. ...'.
Blacksmith, country shop $3 day
10 laborers, sawmills and woods 5
$26, fare paid
14 blacksmiths, shops, camp* and ranches
4 miners, $75 and $60; drillers
15 milkers and butter makers.. $37. $35 and $30
25 fanners, hay makers,' etc $26 and $30
Carriage painter Stenographer
3 slaughter-house and shop butchers
17 cooks, city and country $30 to $50
12 waiters, city and country.. $25,, $30 and $33
- Bakers, cook and wife, steward/ etc.
..MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay 8t.
IRONER for laundry. $55; washer. $30: 5 farm-
ers $25; 8 section hands, $1 60 day; 2 Jobbing
blacksmiths, $2 50 to $3 day; blacksmiths for
city, $3 to $4 day; wagon-maker. $2 50. Apply
to J. H. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St.
BUTLER and wife. $55; American baker for
mountain mining town. S55; hotel cook, coun-
try, $40; cook for resort, $40; delicatessen man,
$40 and board; 4 waiters, country hotels, $25
and, $30, and 2 waiters, country restaurant. $30
and* found ; tamale-maker, and others. J. F.
'¦CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third, phone John
3131—2 more carriage painters, country. $2 50
per day; 4 more carpenters, country, $3 to $4
per day; 3 woodchoppers. pine. 4 ft., $1 25 per
cord; 4 men to make posts. $3 per hundred: 1
edgerman, country, $3 50 per day; 2 milkers,
$35 per month; 2 milkers, 16 to 20 cows, $25 per
month; 2 milkers, 25 cbws, $30 per month; la-
borers, farm hands, etc., at 53 Third st.
SECOND cook. $40; dishwasher. $20, country'
hotel, see chef here. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO., 335 Geary st. .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Head waiter, country hotel, $45, free fare.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED at once— Two first-class preserving
men having thorough knowledge In the mak-
ing of preserves, jams and jellies In all their
different forms; any one not having had
complete experience In this line need not ap-
ply; first-class references required; salary no
object to the right men. Address box 3745,
Call office. ¦
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35: citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
service in Philippines. For information apply
to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal. __
B. A. R.— WANTED— 50 amateur bandsmen for
the British- American Rifles; also 50 young
men for flfe and drum band: must be fair
players. Apply at the Mechanics' Pavilion
Annex. Friday evening, "8 o'clock, at Larkln-
6t. entrance; see bandmaster. \
WANTED— For a wholesale liquor house a re-
liable man for a city delivery wagon: only
applications stating former occupation and
experience with references will be consid-
ered. Apply box 4025. Call office.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
» CO., Sacramento, Cal.
YOUNG man member of organization or with
large circle of acquaintances to sell watches
on credit; state age and references. Address
box 4022. Call office. - -
MACHINIST, one who understands sewing ma-
chines with knowledge of button-hole ma-
chines preferred. Standard Sewing Machine
Co., 6 and 8 California st.
PANTS presser to take charge of shop: steady
work; good 'wages. SELIG BROS., 108 Bat-
tery st.
WANTED— Shoe lasters and shoe treers. Apply
to 26 Main St., WEXTWORTH-SWITZKR
SHOE CO.
STRONG boy to learn custom shirt cutting:
one with some experience preferred.
IKEBERG, please call; 36 Geary St.. rm. 46.
EXPERIENCED jewelry salesman; must work
evening: state previous position and salary
expected. Box 4040, Call office.
FOR sale— A good 2-chalr barber shop; good
business: low rent; a great bargain. Box
4039. Call office.
GOOD cash boys wanted. S. N. WOOD &
. CO., 718 Market st. '
WANTED— Boy about 17. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., SSVi Fremont st.
A FIRST-CLASS bushelman wanted at J. J.
GILDEA'S, 756 Market st.
COAT, pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
COATMAKER wanted. M. J. KELLER CO.,
S1EADY man with $175 cash can make $S0
month. Apply at 209 Kearny St.. room 1.
TWO good tailors wanted. Apply 28C4 Green-
, wich St.; good wages.
BLACKSMITH helper. 212 Railroad avenue,
pear Fifth avenue south. *' . -
"WANTED— Boy to feed job press. Call 1139
Market st.
STRONG young man (18 to 20) used to Janitor
work. 10 a. m.. 12 Front st.
BOY wanted. Apply after 9 a. m.. L. and G-
BRENNER. 17 Battery st. %w
WANTED— 4 carpenters at 2007 Flllmore St.;
come early. ¦
EXPERIENCED boy in plating room: also a
plumber's helper. 623 Golden Gate ave.
PAINTER wanted: must be a good whitener.
gall 318 Thirteenth st.
WANTED — Neat young waiter. 210 Townsend
street. '__
TAILOR coatmaker wanted at 220 McAllister
street. » / __.
WANTED— Good first-class dinner waiter at 304
Mason St. ; wages $3 S0\ a week. '
BOY who can feed platen press. 402 McAllis-
ter st.
YOUNG man to put up stickers, $2 50 week;
permanent. Box 4032, Call office.
HONEST boy for grocery: Clay and Larkin
streets. j • ¦ .
PARTNER in plain cash business; pay $65 to
each; $150 required. Lundln & Co., 906 Market.
BARBER shop for rent or sale cheap." 217
Fourth st.
BARBER shop for sale. 701 Mission St., cor-
ner Third: must leave city.
2-CHAIR shop; cheap; rent $6. 403 Pacific
street. "
A GOOD boy or man wanted to do peddling;
$4 50 a week and up. Call at 663 Natoma st.
" from 7 o'clock In the morning. :
WANTED — Laborers dtad mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
/ runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
/ rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BOY under presser on pants at once. H.
HILP, 106 Battery st. * y ¦
WANTED— Man with $3000 to handle a $30,000
exhibit at Buffalo. Box 4014. Call office. 1
PANTS pressmen wanted by S. N. WOOD«&
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs; cigar stand; $175. In-
quire 3901 st. -
WANTED— Strong boy to learn horseshoeing.
' 1721 Market St.. opposite Haight.
BLACKSMITH and 2 helpers on wagon work.
S16 Railroad ave.. S." S. F.. Butchartown.
COMPETENT locksmith and bellhanger: state
reference and experience.^ Box 4005. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED man of experience to run
electrical elevator at moderate pay. Apply
' to SMITH. 27 Market st-
WANTED-German agents, well dressed, good
talkers. ! Call 9-10 a. m. at *G05 ' Parrott bldg.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. 913
Pacific fit. '
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted at JOE
POHEIM'S. 201-2C3.Montg'y, 1110-1112 Market.
'BARBERS— A 3-chair shop for sale cheap. 14
Turk st. "
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. ¦ -"
B ASTERS on coats. Apply factory of S. >f.
WOOD & CO.. .27 Geary st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, haif
price. S62 Mission si . bet. l«t and 2d »ts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 30c.- 562 Mission fL, bet. 1st and 2d sts..
ABOUT TEN more agents wanted at 347 Third.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. "15c and
20c. Boston House, 430 Howard st ,
HELP WAXTED-.MALE To».
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, f
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men o* rood
character, between the ages of 21 and £!
not less than 5 feet 4 inches and not ov« r j
feet 1 Inch; able to read and, speak English
For further Information apply at the Recruit-
Ing Office. 4t Kill* s<t.. San Francisco.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we t»ach
the trade in two months, saving two years'-
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furnitura
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st
Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED — First-class cook for hotel: refer-
ences reaulred. C. E. EMERSON. Susan-
rille. Cal.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up: solins 20c up. 923 Howard.
MCDONALD & PERRY have SCO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third at.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny «t.
YOtTXG man to do janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— TOO rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftiimore st
HOUSES TO LET FUUXISHEdI
HOUSE of 3 large sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished; piano, garden, laundry; May 1, f or
3 or 6 months: rent reasonable. 2S33 Mt3s;on.
HORSES A.\D WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also- wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction salea every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE pair of draft horses, 5 and 8 yearn old-
sound; weight between 1500 and 1600. Address
F. XV. SWEETSER. Novato.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 519 Golden Gate ave.
WAGON and top. nearly new, cheap at 1U4
Pine at.
FOR sale— Span light young mares: camping
wagon and harness. 1202 Mission St.. room 3.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons In good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN Jfc SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
• camping wagon, for Bale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^rIcn^E^LIST Houses to let; Vend ["for '"cl£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — NICELY furnished 8 rooms and bath; piano.
etc. 1512 Howard at.; $4P a month.
SUNNY house 9 rms.; conveniences; large yard;
( basement. 191S Central ave.. near Sacramento.
FURNIS U E D HO USE.* AT PIEDMONT
TO let for 3 months, commencing Juno 1; *
house of 17 large sunny rooms; billiard-room;
library; Urge ornamental grounds: use of
stable; cows, poultry, fruit, flowers and vege-
tables; fine view and climate; easy of accesa
by electric cars; rent very low to desirable
tenant. For particulars apply to R. S.
BROWN. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COUNTRY HOUSES TO LET.
TO let in Santa Barbara— Furnished house;
house and furniture new; fine location; two
blocks from Arlington Hotel and one block
from trolley line; ten minutes' ride from
beach; house contains four bedrooms, serv-
ant's room, etc.; gas and electric lights; Jh»
most complete and best furnished hou'e" in
Santa Barbara. For particulars address
FRANK M. WHITNEY. Santa Barbara. Cal.
ISSTA\TAXEOCS WATER UBVTEU.
YOU light your flame, and by the time you ar<»
disrobed hot bath is ready, at a cost of i'jc;
call and nee it In operation: send for illus-
trated pamphlet. RIBBON WATER HEAT-
ING- CO.. Examiner building, room W>7.
LOST AM) FOUXD.
LOST— Tuesday, April 23, on Market st., be-
tween Seventh st. and City Hall ave., an
envelope containing typewritten ami manu-
script papers belonging to the Grand Lodge.
I O. O. F.. the envelope being addressed t»
GEO. T. SHAW, Grand Secretary, Odd Fel-
lows' building-. Please return to room 1, Odd
Fellows' building, and receive suitable re-
ward.
LOST— Small gold heart in or n»ar Hale's store
on Market st Reward at WULFF'S Grocery.
Seventh ave. South and M st.
$3 KEWARD-Lost. Irish setter dog; tag 4233.
Return to 624 Polk st.
LOST— Silver watch and meney at Lands F.nd
Beach, nr. Cliff House. Return box 230S, Cal!.
LOST — At Techau Tavern, solitaire diamond
ring and cameo ring; reward $20. Return to
521 Capp st.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, on going to the park.
a heavy geld chain. A liberal reward on re-
turning same to 1012 Thirteenth st.
FOUND — By an ironer in United States Laun-
dry, $20 in gentleman's duck pants; same can
be had by applying to 12S Valencia st. and
bring card from HOWARD FERGUSON, fore-
man United States Laundry.
FOUND — 20-foot skiff. 1 car marked S. A.. El
Campo. Fishermen's wharf.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 708 Ellis gt.
MATTRESSES A>O I'PHOLSTKKY.
L:ATTR^S^ETl^Tuphoistery; tel. South Ts£
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared: expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKK BROS.. 313-350 Eleventh st.
™ MIXES AND MIXING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL. _
The following letter from a shareholder ex-
plains Use s^ CRAMENTO> caj^ Aprn 17> 1901>
The American Guaranty and Trust Co.—
Gentlemen: I have only recently returned
from a trip to Seattle and Tacoma. taken with
the specific purpose of Investigating the man-
agement and properties of the Montezuma Min-
ing Company. I must say your description doea
rot do Justice to the valuable copper and coal
properties you are developing. Your 1S0O acres
of coal lands could not be Improved upon for
maximum of results with minimum of expense,
since a great canyon divides the property, cut-
ting many veins of clear coal varying from S
ft 6 inches to 9 ft. 2 inches. (An 11 foot vein
has been opened since the writer's visit.) There
Is unlimited supply of wood and water. Tha
copper mines are being de^loped into valuabl*
properties-^the ore ranging from $40 to $300 a
The personnel of the directory I found second
to none, and as a result of my investigations I
unreservedly recommend "Monteiuma" as a
safe Investment. Respectfully yours,
A. M. AUBERTUS,
810 Seventh street.
EXCURSION TO THE MINES.
Other shareholders and prospective sharehold-
ers as well are Invited to visit the mines. W»
will pay your way on our special train leaving
San Francisco June 15th. Ask for excursion
folder.
REPORT OF PROGRES3.
SEATTLE. "Wash.. April 5. 190L
Mr. J. S. C. Thompson, General Manager,
The American Guaranty and Trust Co.
My Dear Mr. Thompson: We had a Board
meeting yesterday and went Into matters f|Uit»
thoroughly. "We found everything In excellent
shape. Col. Thompson (President of the Monte-
zuma) somehow always does a little better
than he promises, and his report at this meet-
ins was no exception. We have authorized an
air compressor at the Tacoma mine, the pur-
chase of 160 acres of coal land adiDininz our
lease, and the improvement of tha Mowich trail
by which we save miles of distance. The com-
pany's books were examined, and we have
every reason to believe the affairs of the com-
pany are carried on with real economy and In
a thoroughly practical way. We were pleased
to find by examination of the bank book that
the company had a handsome credit balance
April 1. with not one cent of Indebtedness.
The "Tacoma" mine is Just now the center
of interest here. The treat vein of highly
mineralized stone has widened out from S ft. to'
9 ft., as reported to you a day or two ago. but.
better than all. the quality of the ore has im-
proved immensely. While the amount of oop-
per i3 uniformly maintained, the gold content
of the stone Is greatly Improving, showing hair
an ounce to an ounce of gold to a ton. Tha
silver values are fully maintained. It Is need-
less to say we are all extremely enthusiastic
over the great "Tacoma" mine. We believe it
la the best show on the Pacific Coast.
We have nothing mw from" the coal properties
since the uncovering of the 11 ft. vein a few
days ago. Our men are getting out coal ev«»ry
day. but this work cannot be pushed until the
fiume has been completed; then the flume is
contingent upon the construction of the saw-
mill, upon which effort" are now beina: directed.
As soon as the flume is done we shall be heard
of in the rlcht way at the coal mine* Yours
faithfully, E. m. SHDLTON.
Director Sheltcn will be at' our office Mon-
day and perhaps for several' days during the
weet. Shareholders and others are Invited to
call and -meet him.
PRICKS OF ••MONTEZUMA."
Stock, par value $1. is offered until May 1 at
lCc cash _or 12c on easy monthly installments.
We will : supply prospectus and other printed
matter-»on request.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST
CO.. Financial Agents. 313 Safe 1 Deposit bld^..
San Francisco, CaL Telephone Main 53GXSAVINGS BANKS,
German 1S30 1900 Sav & Loan...— — '
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKSL
Calif ornla-st -. — 140 O S L & H... 40 —
Geary-st 47^4 — Presidio 23 14
Market-st 10% 70%
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 75 79 IVigortt 1% 1
. . SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan .... 7 — Kilauea 20% —
Haw Com 56 60 Makewell 41 4H4
Honokaa. 30% 31 Onomea. 28 28^
Hutch S P 20% 21 Paauhau — 31Vi
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 134^135 Oceanic SS Co 45 —
Cal Fruit Can— 98 Pac A F A.. X —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex Assn. 110 — ¦ Par Paint Co. 1« ' — .
Morning Session.
- Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Association 133 08
25 Alaska Packers' Association 134 00
75 Alaska Packers' Association, s 10.... 134 00
100 Alaska Packers' Association, s 10 133 00
50 Alaska Packers' Association, s 10.... 133 37*i
100 Alaska Packers' Association, a 10.... 133 50
20 Contra Costa Water 73 75
100 Contra Costa Water 74 0O
100 Equitable Gas 3 37H
10 Honokaa S Co 31 37Vj
10 Honokaa 3 Co- 31 25
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 114 00
15 Makawell S Co 41 12^
50 Market Street Railway, cash 70 75
S3000 N P C R R 6s 108 73
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 42 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 42 00
Street—
$2000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s... 103 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Honokaa S Co 3100
60 Hutchinson S P Co 20 50
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 114 00
140 Market Street Railway 7. 70 75
J20CO N P C R R 5s 108 73
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 41 50
SO S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 41 50
$4000 S P of A bonds (1909) 113 25
Street—
100 Pacific Lighting 42 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
100 California Mutual 49
1000 Four Oil Co, s 60 49
200 Four Oil Co 50
2 Hanford Oil Co 93 00
200 Home Oil 3 55
50'Kern Oil Co 7 00
300 Lion Oil Co IS
100 Occidental of "W Va SO
1300 Petroleum Center 14
192 Shamrock -.. 90
200 Sterling 2 03
¦ v : Afternoon Session.
Board —
3 Hanford S5 to
S30 Home Oil 3 50
2000 Lion Oil Co, s 60 17
200 McKlttrlck Consolidated 11
•100 McKlttrick Consolidated 10
400 Monarch of Arizona . 55
100 Monarch of Arizona 54
1000 Monarch of Arizona, s 30 53
100 Occidental of W Va 59
10 Peerless 8 00
10 Peerless, b 90 8 62«,i
t SAN FRANCISCO OIL. EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
1000 Four Oil Co ¦ M
1300 Monarch of Arizona 58
2000 Petroleum Center 14
100 Sterling t 07'/i
300 Sunset • "..••• 30
Afternoon Session.
Board—
600 California-Standard 39
2000 Lion, c 60 18
1000 Monarch of Arizona 5S
1000 Petroleum Center 14
100 San Joaquln O & D Co » 87%
iSI^TirCG STOCKS.
Following were the sale* in tha San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninr Session.
IPO Best & Belcher 20} 150 Mexican 37
300 Best & Belcher 19 600 Ophir 1 00
50 Con Cal & Va. 2 30 500 Potosl 09
100 Con Cal & Va.2 35| 100 Savage ......... 09
1400 Justice 06*
' Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha 03 300 Ophlr 1.100
300 Con Cal & Va.2 35 100 Potosi 09
100 Con Cal & Va.2 30 50 Savage ; 10
100 Could & Curry. 19
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Andes ..: 061 600 Justice 06
1200 Best & Belcher, to 300 Mexican 36
500 Bullion 04 500 Mexican 37
200-Caledonia 72 800 Ophlr 1 02ft
200 Con Cal & Va..2 301 600 Ophir 1 00
Afternoon Session. .
200 Best & Belcher. 19 300 Mexican 38
900 Best & Belcher. IS 30O Ophlr 1 02^
150 Con Cal & Va..2 SO SCO Ophir 1 05
300 Con Cal & Va,.2 35 SCO Overman IS
200 Gould & Curry. ,.19 200 Sierra Nevada.. 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. April 23—4 p. m.
Alpha-.;... 02 04 (Just Ice ......... C7 08
Alta 04 07iKentucR 01 02
Andes 06 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher : 18 17lMexlcan 34 35
Best & Balcher 13 19 1 Occidental 03 03
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 100 105
Caledonia 68 II Overman 17 IS
Challenge Con. 12 14} Potosi C8 09
Chollar 07 C8jSavuge 09 10
Confidence 65 70 Scorvion — 04
Con Cal & Va.2 30 2 S3, See Belcher..... C3 05
Con Imperial..," — ' 01 Sierra Nevada.. 26 XI.
Con New -Tork. — - 01J Silver Hill..' 36 39
Crown Point-... 18 IS Et Louis 08 —
Eureka Con.... 06 —Standard 4 60 4 05
Exchequer . — 02 Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry. . 18 19 Union Con IS 14
Hale &. Norcra. 15 27 Utah 03 05
Julia.*...".. — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 14 13
.*¦¦•¦
Continued from Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
CONTESTING 3TETBS
BEACH COMPROMISE
SANTA CRUZ. April 23.-The contest
over, the, will of Charlotte E. Roadhouse
is to be abandoned. < The case promised
many sensations, according 1 to the allega
tions. The contestants alleged that the
will was made under undue influence on
the part of one of the daughters, who was
bequeathed the larger portion of the es
tate.' It was alleged that before her death
Mrs. Roadhouse deeded to her favorita
daughter property Valued at $20,000. The
contestants, who are also children of tha
deceased, alleged that their mother's
mind had been poisoned against them.
The case was set for trial to-day, but
when it was called the jury was dis
charged. . It Is understood a compromise
has been agTeed upon, -whereby the con
testants receive satisfactory shares. Tha
estate, valued at about $30,000, is located
near Watsonville.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1901.
11
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; these who desire to '
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that :
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate •
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dlf- •
fcult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
cr.teed. DR. G. W. O' DONNELL. 1018 Markt .
DR. AND MKS. DAVIES. 122S Market ladles'
specialist'-: 22 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
ruaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
ppjves should eend for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment: harmless; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female complaints at of-
fice; travelers helped at once; home In con-
finement: consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL,
1112 Market et.. next to Owl Drug Stbre.
A— Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints in one
day; the longest and most obstinate cases
rrlieved without pain; every woman her own
phj-Fician: can be sent: experience in all
cases fcr 27 years. 12 Mason St., near Market.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 10S5 Market St.. nr.
Gth— Expert specialists: well known and reli-
able: 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed-
to give Instant relief from all female troubles:
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
euccessful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement S42 Post bet Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1138 Market— Reliable la-
dles' Fpeclalist; best medical care; low fee*.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, ?d-hand machinery. Mc-
IKTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-1S7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of ealoon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ehlp everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, ehaftlng, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear Bt.
FOR eale— Fine stock of chickens, all kinds
and sizes, from 10c up. Derby st, west of
Magee ave.. Lorin. Berkeley.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 BO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, S30 Kearny st. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and Georre Van Haltren; 30c poM-
pa'.d. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome Et.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
ASK for the lovely turquoise ring; price $8,
worth $20. CNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
BAMPLES tailor made suits, six© S6 bust;
ellk lined; cheap. S19 Post st.
KIPST-CLAES eecond-hand modern engines and
bollerTbought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
GAS steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and eold. Livingston. 5E8 Mission st. nr. 2d.
ICO LIGHT marine set. directly connected: good
chape; cheap. H. S. WHITE, E16 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; eecond-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beal* et.
GaFoline or distillate «ngine«. new * M-hand;
OH Fizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 66 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, gold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
SAFES- New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN 6AFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Bt
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures BULLARD & ERECK.131 Post rt.
c>p£<! New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1W-1T! Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL exchange violin for typewriter. Box
4012, Call office.
TII-TON wants eood second-hand clothing and
th.atrical poods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2522.
MOXEY XO JA>AX.
/ZT]5olc^f~7oTolin~Xrnite8r which people can
afford t^ pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not befrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
end vou will be better eatisfied: no delay; no
publ fclty. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
IF YOUR PROPERTY
....:... IS MORTGAGED
und you need more money, 6ee H. MURPHY.
€20 Market St. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
eecond mortgages, estates in probate-. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
" mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSErT.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate ; "mortsrages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. B, McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
«t. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
$500,000 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit In city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. SOI Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
Z% on furniture and pianos; $15 ur" no removal;
no comndsElon; private. Room isl. 6 Eddy st.
HONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS, lot or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%, undi-
vlded lnts. : estates. HARPER. 387 Parrott big.
LOANS tin salaries without lndorser or aecur-
lty; Eastern plan. Pearson. 809 Phelan bldg.
(100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Saneome et. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
florter. S. F. D'scount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MONEY WANTED.
400 SHARES stock in Smiths' Cash Store (a
corporation) 10 r^r cent guaranteed; no as-
sessments; afk for prospectus and particu-
'.ars if interested. 27 Market st. .
$40,000 OF merchandise such as is used in every
house to change for coin on a cash basis: no
puch chance in town. SMITHS' CASH
STORE. 27 Market st.
MUSICAL. IXSTRUMKyrS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella JCri 1 Hardman $85
1 Vose fSH 1 Schiller S265
1 Heine baby grand 1 Gabler $134
(mahogany. like 2 Chickerlngs (like
new) $325 new) $200
1 Fischer (like new) 2 Heines .......$315 up
JU9 1 Hallet &. Da%-is.... $465
1 Steinway J1S5
And fifty others; it-nte<J and rent allowed;
rent $3 up: we handle all makes: agents for
some of the oldest ar><2 most famous pianos in
existence: agents wanted. HI>INE PIANO
COMPANY. 217 Geary st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
given to exchange medium and low priced
I'.anos for a new Ftelnway any time within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights eold for %6 cash and $6 per
month "We offer to sell some pood pianon at
J3 $4 and $:• per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Futter'rts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway
er.a Thirteenth et. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the rtdest and largest house
*-eet of Chicapo is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
IS ar.d :o O'Farrell Et.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
an3 prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A CHANCE to buy a good thing for less than
it is forth is always desirable. We have lots
of Furh chances Just now for any one wanting
a pond nlar.o cheap. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO-
TS!' Market et.
C2 I'KR month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CTTRTAZ PIANO CO.. 160 Hayes St.
JUT-MAHOGANY ca-fc Fischer upright. 217
Geary Et.. room 2%. . . , . "
A PMAU. CMrfcerlnc upright. «25; 6 uprights.
second -handed; your choice at tUO. 217 Geary.
RECEPTION week at Byron Mauzr's piano
warerooms and factor}"; concerts daily; vis-
• itors welcome: no charge. 36S t Port st. -
UZ UPRIGHT. J123 Knabe. $135 Pteinway &
I Sons, at FATS piano factory. 1729 Mission.
ELEGANT S-pedal upright piano: used « mos.;
must be Eacraficed in S days. CIS Eddy Bt.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
ran get etorac? pianos almost for a song.
SPECIAL eale of pianos this week: fitelnway,
KTiaVw and ethers. BRL'EXN. 20S Post st.'
BTGGKST barcain in Fisher upright piano;
neaiy new; must be soid. 301 Jones et
>. ' : .'':J'- r <¦''•¦¦ '' «" u -'¦-"•" '•"'.¦'.'
MUSICAL rySTRUMEXTS-— Con.
f PIANO snaps— $60. $75, $80. $125.' $130;" easy
payments; also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
rain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell
ct. Chlckerlng agency. - - .'>---•:¦¦
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hartman. ¦ Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be Bold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tones. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant Up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zi'hers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
f — ¦ — ¦¦— — w^ — ¦¦¦^^mma —^—1
OFFICES AJVU STORES TO LET.
A— McALLISTER. 232— Brand-new and roomy
plate-glass window; low rent
OIL.
WHY do we sell so much of our E-cent oil
ptock? ' Because It Is reliable and offers extra-
ordina*y chances for quick and sure profit;
eend *or prospectus or. better still, see us;
open evenings. PACIFIC STATES MINING
and INVESTMENT CO.. 226 Post st,; estab-
lished 1893. . : . -
TO get rich quick and easy buy undeveloped
oil lands in the heart of Coallnera district:
only $1 25 per acre to-day: perhaps $10,000
within a year. American Exploration Co.,
1413 Call building.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.-Oll Lands in the
beft districts: investigate: Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a cood investment: water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspcndence Solicited. . ..
OIL tanks, second-hand, in pood order: all
r1r*r- rh^arv TT P WTTTTr ":1« MI««l«n r*.
~~~~ OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on. us before going elsewhere.
BHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
75.000 ACRES oil land In various counties for
Imw and «nJ«> HORTXPON. SB Omrv Ft., r. 6.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
¦WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
$8 ud. Jensen & Bath, 308 Sixth; open even.
PALMISTRY.
palmistr613
Taylor lit., bet. Geary and Post: t*l. Black 561.
PARTXEIIS \VA.\TI2D.
WANTED— Doctor as partner on new discov-
ery. Box 3893, Call office.
PATEXTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge- unless successful.
OKO. I>. CAMPBBT.L. Tjwrtr. Kt»m1n»r big.
PERSONALS.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair .black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
" shade required. DR.' FRANCIS C.' SHER-
MAN, 406 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald. Call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
L. — Return immediately. Everything fixed;
"liberty forever." JEN and PA.
STOP trying to blister your freckles off with
lotions; they'll come right 'back; call and get
our absorption treatment; use It; if your
freckles return pay nothing. N. Y. Institute
of Dermatology. Glasgow building, 105 Ellis
Bt, San Francisco.
THE Microbane . Medical Co., removed to 411
- Geary Bt., where they give you free ¦ treat-
ment for bald beads, falling hair and dan-
druff; Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair; call and Bee
us. Microbane Medical Co., 411 Geary st
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
Lome; $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1839 Polk st. Ban Francisco.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
Kant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
IF your wife Is away take lunch at Home
Dining Room, 27 Market st., In sky parlor:
very cheap, very good. SARAH A. STREET,
Manager.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the .ferry.
SCHOOL, to learn halrdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. B.AY, 357 Jessie st.
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat. ; electrolysis ; 17 years' exper.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021. Market st, nr. Sixth.
OLD geld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market Bt.
Ladles' & gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. J. Silverman. 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsnm 1191.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Montg'y— WatcheB cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken, $1 ; guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric Eeedle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL— Of fice and residence!
1021 Market Et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se«
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PILES- ¦ ;
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent - busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, . and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOft SALE!.
¦wT^rAMBROSE^&CoT,""
Real Estate Brokers.
.41 and 42 Chronctle building.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
$90,000— Choice Montgomery-street Investment;
150x117; substantial buildings; rent
$6540 per annum.
$21,000— Investment property; Beale " st, near
Market; rent $1520 per annum.
$2,500 — Cheap flats; 4 rooms and bath; each
rent $21; brick foundation; stone bulk-
head; 26x100; Bryant and 24th.
$3, 5p»— Pacific st; modern 3-story house of 8
rooms and bath.
$4,500— McAllister, near Broderick: cottage of
5 rooms and bath; 43:9x137:6.
' $2,850— Downtown flats; 5 and 6 rooms; rent
$26 per monih. . •
CHEAP LOTS. *
$4.000— Washington, near Cherry: 50x129. '•
$3,500— McAllister, near Broderick; 44x137:6.
$2,150— Stelner, near. Waller; 25x91:1. -.s
$1,100— Church, near 18th: 27x88.
$1,800— Devlsadero, near Waller; 25x125.
• W. F. AMBROSE '& CO..
41 and 42 Chronicle building.
REAL ESTATE for sale by C. S. CAPP & CO.,
C30 Market st
Forty lots at $100 each, south of the Park.
Jones Et., between Jackson and Pacific; house
of 7 rooms and bath, side garden, etc. For
sale at a bargain. - -
O'Farrell Et.. bet. Polk and Van- Ness ave.;
Improved lot with 4 houses; well rented.
Golden Gate ave.. bet. Baker and Lyon Ets. :
lot 25x137:6, with 2-story house. 7 rooms and
bath.
McAllister st. bet Baker and. Broderick;
neat cottage and large lot; cheap.
Lyon st., bet. Bush and Pine; very fine cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath. . . • * - ."
Six good 2-story bouses;' well rented; good
neighborhood. . -• ¦.'¦¦¦¦
Folsom st. bet. Third and Fourth: large lot,
100x100; old improvements, rents $100 per month.
Fine ranch, 160 acres, adjoining Santa Clara.
Mill Valley, 80 acres, cood level land; suitable
for pleasure grounds or city lots. '
EXECUTRIX AUCTION. ' . •
We have been Instructed by the widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
ten-room house and lot. stable and outhouses,
198 Laidley et.. cor. Fairmont st; lot 176x150.
Cottage of 4 rooms. 140 Laidley st; lot lOOx
110. ¦ ...
One lot, 5Cxl2l, on Palmer st., near Fairmont
- One lot 100x100, on Laidley st.. near Mateo
street
Sale Tuesday. April 30. at 10:30 a. m.. en the
property.
The above property must be wold regardless
ot cost or value, This is a grand, chance to
buy good property at your own price.
Seed for descriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUNRO & CO.. Auctioneers. «
Of lie* 240 Stockton St.. S. F. ; ¦ tel. James -1S41. .
BARGAIN— Fine , income property in Mission;
stores and flats; price $8300; only. $3000 cash;
rents pay balance on installment RODGER
MAGEE. . 207 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call cn.W. J. GUNN, 530 California st
REAL ESTATK^-CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE It CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
: LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT — 57:6
ft. front: easy walking distance Kearny ' and
Market: 3 well-built houses, 9 rooms and bath;
price f 15, 000. • -
FEW STEPS FROM PANHANDLE and
Haigbt-st. cars — Nice bay-windowed home of 8
rooms and bath; bitumen street and the price
HERE'S A THOUSAND DOLLARS PROFIT
FOR YOU within 30 days; MUST BE SOLD;
MAKE OFFER; large beautiful home only one
block from Park Panhandle; 9 rooms, and bath;
$3500; new bank mortgage can remain or can
arrange more liberal terms; to be thrown away
at $5000. ,.:-,.-•; • .
A GREAT BIG SNAP— 42:4x137:6; on best bl-
tumlnlzed block on Pine St., north side; elegant
residence of 11 rooms and bath, stable, drive-
way, etc. ; ground alone worth more than price
asked; rents low, $600 per annum; new bank
loan, $5000, can remain; larger mortgage can be
obtained; price $6500.' .
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT-6 fine
Well built flats of 4 and 3 rooms; rent $516;. lot
25x112 ft. ; near 6th and Howard sts. ; price $4000.
NEW MODERN POST-ST. FLATS— Two ele-
gant modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
all modern improvements; key lot; light -and
sunny.-. . . ; \- '
NEW MODERN WESTERN ADDITION
FLATS— SNAP: 2 beautiful modern flats. 7 and
8 rooms and bath; round bay-windows; light
and sunny; cars pass; vicinity Pacific Heights;
rents $960; price (8500. . .' \. -
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO...
: . '¦•:..•'-.-. 638 Market st.
AUCTION. , .. . ~~
AUCTION. %
AUCTION. ;
TUESDAY. APRIL 30th. 1901.
At 12 O'clock Noon, ./¦*.. .-¦
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE— No. 316 Page st.,
nr. Buchanan; elegant residence. 11 rooms;
light and sunny;-very large lot. 57:6x120. to Lily
ave. ; mortgage $8000.
MISSION FLATS— No. 1109 Treat avs.; two
handsome flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath: rear
ccttage and stable; lot 25x112:6 ft. to rear
street.
POINT LOBOS AVE. CORNER LOT-SW.
corner Point Lobos ave. "and Parker ave.; 31x
125 ft.
NEW MISSION COTTAGE— No. 1117 Sanchez
Bt, nr. 24th; new cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
all modern conveniences; lot 25x75 ft '
HAIGHT-ST. FLATS— No. 226 to 28 Haight
St., nr. Buchanan; 3 flats. 7. 7, 6 roon.s and
bath; large lot. 30x137 ft. '
: MISSION WARM BELT FLATS-No. 3674-78
Nineteenth- St.. . nr.. Dolores., nr. Guerrero; 3
bay- windowed flats of 5, 5, 6 rooms and bath;
rents $53; lot 25x100 ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT-No. 78
Clementina st, nr. 2d; 4 flats, 5, 5, 3, 3 rooms;
rent $43 per month; lot 25x80 ft. :
HARRISON-ST. COTTAG&-N0. 3223 Harrl-
son st., nr. Precita' ave. ;' cottage, 5 rooms; lot
25x100 ft.
OAKLAND.
NE. corner Webster and 13th sts. ; fine busl-
r.ess. corner in the center of Oakland, under
lease $100 per month; lot 50x100 ft. .
ALAMEDA. ' '
SE. corner Park st. and Railroad ave. ; fine
business corner; well Improved; all rented;
t creed sale; lot 50x97 ft.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market ! street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street. : . ;
BARGAINS.
$4500. ¦
Rents $45 per month; corner on Seventh St.;
well Improved; this is a bargain. • =¦ '
$3500.
Rents $34 per month; Harriet st; 4 flats, of
3 rooms each; lot 25x75.
$6400. '-.,-'
Leavenworth st.,near Clay; house 9 rooms,
. bath, basement, furnace, etc.
$5500.
Near Pine. and Powell sts.; house of 8. rooms
and' bath; lot has double frontage; suitable
for flats; splendid location. ." ' '-'¦¦
:, . . . ¦ ,-. $7200.
Jackson and Jones sts.;- lot - 25x112:6; two
flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents $600
a year. - . . .••
,- - - - . - $4000. • • . . ;
Rents $38 per month; 4 - separate . flats ¦ on
Treat ave.; always rented; see these at once.
$3250. • :
. New corner house on Twenty-third St.. No.
.3879, near Sanchez; large lot, 37:9x65; owner
must sell; eee it to-day.
$1750.
Church st; 2-story building; store and flat
of 6 rooms; lot 28x80; rents $25 per month.
$3000.
Clementina St., near First; lot 25x75; brick
building, containing 10 rooms; rents $27. .
- . , - • $4000.
Treat ave., near Twenty-fifth st.-; lot 25x
115:6 to rear street; cottage of 5 rooms, bath
' and basement. -
$4500.
O'Farrell and Buchanan sts.; cottage of 4
rooms; lot 25x125; fronting on two streets.
¦$3000. .
Rents $27 per month; two flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath; Nineteenth st., near Sanchez.
. ¦ $6000. - :•
\Make an offer; must be sold; two good flats
on Oak, near Buchanan.
; $2250. .
Clipper-st. cottage, 6 rooms; bath and base-
ment; lot 25x114.
¦ $2500.
Eighteenth st, near Castro; driveway be-
. low, stable in rear and flat above; suitable for
expressman.
$3500.
Bryant aye., near Twenty-sixth St.; new
2-story house, 6 rooms and bath. /
$200 CASH ONLY ..
For a nice 4-room and basement cottage; $950
can be paid in $12 monthly Installments; lady
¦ forced to sell; place worth $1600; location No.
159 Corbett road; near Elghteenth-st. electric
cars. ¦
$3S0O.
Rents $31; John St.. near Powell and Jack-
son; 2 flats.
. . $2700.
Rents $23; .2 flats, Natoma st, near Four-
teenth. .
¦ .$3000. -
Dorland St.; lot 30x115; house 8 rooms and
bath.
$5200. ' ¦ . .
Shotwell st, near Twentieth; 45x122:6; house
9 rooms and bath.
$8200.
Worth $15,000; NW. corner Jones and Lorn-
bard sts.; 73:6x68:8; house cost $15,000 to build;
bargain. -. . ¦ , -
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
¦10 Montgomery Btreet.
"selling" fast." •••••":•""""•
• See Them To-Day .....71
Building lots on H st. and Nineteenth ave!
boulevard, fronting Golden ; Gate Park.
Prices moderate.. Terms easy
LotB level ..: Streets macadamized
Official grade., — • .....Plank sidewalks
Welsbach gas lamps.. Water and mall service
On car line On park entrance
Better Class of New Homes...;.;....
'. ...Branch Office at the Corner
of H et and Ninth ave., south of Golden
Gate Park; open every day, Sundays and
• holidays;: don't delay, - but Interest yourself
In a home lot at once. Small first payments,
balance $10 per month. Interest 6 per cent
on deferred payments. . ' •
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY C. S. CAPP
& CO.. 630 Market st.
O'Farrell, bet. Polk and Van Ness ave.'— Lot
with 4 houses, well rented.
Eddy, '-near Jones — Large boarding-house;
leased at $250 per month.
Lyon, bet. Bush and Pine— Fine cottage, 7
rooms and' bath. -"
•A row of • six neat 7 house*; well rented and
never vacant.
Folsom, bet 3d and 4th— Lot 100 feet front;
old improvements; rent $100. v .
• Forty lots south of the Park at $100 each
Fine ranch adjoining Santa Clara: 160 acres.
' 50 acres fine land In. Mill Valley; suitable for
pleasure grounds 'or town lots. . ,
GOING fast; Just 3 lots left out of the tract;
no wonder that 'they sell fast, only $635 each;
. the cheapest lots offered- In Richmond for
. years; all graded, street work done, brick
. sewers in;. 'the Sacramento and the Jackson-
st. cable cars pass every few minutes; the
Geary and Sutter-st lines within a few steps;
1 lot 25x120. Sixth ave. ; 1 lot, 25x120, Seventh
ave., near Point Lobos; 1 lot, 25x100, . A st.
north side, between Sixth and Seventh aves. ;
these lots , are choice and well . located ' and
near to town; get your home; a chance like
" this never ¦ will be offered again; before the
' week is out there will be 50 applicants for
-these 3 lots. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern residence..
8 rooms and bath, in a desirable location
' near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
IN Mill Valley— A nice house for sale cheap on
. account of departure. 526 Turk st.~'.\' • , ,
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury. builder. 1333 Market.
FOR the best located lots In - Richmond and the
. cheapest call on W. J. Gunn, 530 California.
REAL ESTATE— -COraTHY— For Sale
$1200 — 160 ACRES; hill ranch; all fenced; fam-
ily orchard: small house and barn; 10 acres
cultivated; 2 acres vegetable land and water
to irrigate it; lots of timber, grass, water,
• game and fish; 40, acres tillable when cleared;
5 miles from railroad town and half mile from
school; an ideal resort; worth |2000. Box 23,
Cloverdale. Cal. ; ¦ ¦
J1200— 160 ACRES. Monterey Co. ; 50 acres in
peaches, cherries, apricots and grain; good
house; mower, rake and farming utenbij*; a
snap; must be sold. Apply A. M. SPECK &
CO., .667 Market st. ' . .,->/
HOMESTEAD stock ranch, Alameda County;
1 good - improvements. 6tock, furniture, etc. ;
H»0 cash.- F. K. GROSSCUP, Baldwin House,
tt Kills Bt., B. F.
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; -write us for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.,St.- Helena, Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent. 719
Market st., by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scrlblng farms for sale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
NEW house, with 1M acres of land for saler
N. BUCKLEY. P. O. box 174. Petaluma. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main,. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200;
well ' cultivated. For particulars inquire of
J. - 1. TAYLOR. 404 Saneome St. .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. :
$1700—WORTH $2500; 6 large rooms; 16t 45x120;
1 block to train; electric cars pass the door;
fine mantel; tiled sink; 80-foot St.; all sew-
ered; $300 cash, balance $20 per month; place
will. rent any day for this installment: must
sell on account of departure. W. C. MORAN,
Lorln Station, or Schmidt- block, Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
TWO choice well-located lots in Denver, Colo.,
cost owner $900 In 1889. {o exchange for lots
or Email cottage In San Francisco or Oak-
land ; will pay cash difference. PRATT. P.
O. box 6. Frultvale. Cal.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Lots, houses and lots or acreage in
. beautiful Mill Valley. Apply S. H. ROBERTS,
real estate and insurance. Mill Valley, Cal.
OAiaAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL . ESTATE. \
AT AUCTION. •'•-:¦':""
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION,
AT AUCTION. :'v
AT AUCTION,
: _ • . . Bank Properties,
¦ I SATURDAY, MAY 4,5/:
2 p. m., at office. ¦
TOUR RENT WILL BUY
A HOME.
Payments include principal and interest.
A clean-up at your Price.
At less than houses cost.. .
BERKELEY HOME— $200 cash, $20 mo.;. 3025
Ellis St.. nr. Prince; bet. Lorin and Ashby sta-
tions; modern 2-story . Colonial 7-room; bath;. 2
mantels; fine order; 42x109 ;¦ street complete.
GOLDEN GATE OR LORIN-STA. COT-
TAGE— $150 cash, $15 mo.: 1031 Sixty-third or
Felton st. ; 2 blocks San Pablo ave. ; bay-win-
dow; 5 rooms; bath; brick foundation; nice
order; 50x162. ' .
LORIN STATION LOTS— $50 cash. $5 per mo.;
N. s. 62d or Crawford St., 2 blocks east San
Pablo ave. ; 2 lots, each 50x168. .
- GOLDEN GATE COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
mo.; 53d or Mattle ave.; 2 blocks San Pablo
cars: 6 rooms; bath; mantel; brick foundation;
stable; .40x109; newly painted; choice neighbor-
hood.
WEST BERKELEY LOT— $25 cash. $5 mo.;
S.' s. Carrison; 291 E. San Pablo; 33x126.
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS— $50 cash. $5 mo.;
S. s. 43d St.. 90 ft. W. of Market; 2 lots, each
50x100;- near electric cars and new ferry.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE— $150 cash, $15 mo. ;
1918 Broadway; . 5 blocks Park-st. local train;
cozy;-! 6 rooms, bath; 50x125; shrubbery; nice
"CHOICE CENTRAL EAST OAKLAND
HOME— $300 cash, $30 mo. : 1380' 13th ave., cor.
B.- 18th st. ; ; near station r'fliie- 2-story; 9 rooms;
2 toilets; 3 "mirror mantels p fine furnace; gas
fixtures; choice neighborhood; first-class con-
dition; extra, built. ¦' ¦'- .
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $150 cash, $15
mo.; 957 E. 21st St., nr. 19th ave.; bay window;
5 rooms; bath; lot 50x140; newly painted; fronts
electric cars: street macadamized.
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. COTTAGE — $250
cash, $25 mo.: 1127 E. 20th st. ; 23d-ave. elec-
'trlc 'cars; modern; 7 rooms; bath; fine order;
beautiful view; near station, churches, schools;
lot 75x150. ¦
EAST OAKLAND - COTTAGE-r$100 cash; $10
mo.; 1007 E. 23d st.. nr. 21st ave. ; 3-room cot-
tage; 'elevated; 50x140; good neighborhood.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $125 cash;
$12 50 mo.; 1004 E. 22d St., nr. 21st ave.; cozy
bay-window; 4 rooms; basement: brick foun-
dation; 25x140; sightly: near cars, school.
STORE AND FLAT— $200 cash, $15 mo.; 1570
and 1572 21st ave.; E.. 21st st. cars half block;
modern; double bay-window, 2-story; shelving,
fixtures: flat 5- rooms; bath; mantel;, street
macadamized; 27:6x125; see this.- ¦ \
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. BTA. COTTAGE—
$150 cash, $15 mo.; 641 Kennedy St.; sta, 1
block; bay-window; 6 rooms; bath; brick foun-
dation; macadamized: splendid home.
: E. O. CORNER X.OT— $50 cash. $5 mo.; NE.
cor. 15th ave. and. - E. - 17th St.; 42x90;. near 23d-
ave. sta. : adjoins nice improvements.
FRUITVALE STA. LOT— $50 cash, $5 mo. ;
S s. Washington, 100 feet E. Brandon st. ; 25x
125: homes adjoining; 8 blocks of station.-
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. LOT— $25 cash.
$5 mo.; N. side E. Ninth St.. 225 E. of 28th
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash, $12 50
mo ; First ave.; 1 block cars; power-houses;
modern; bay-window; 5 rooms; bath; barn;
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash, $12 50
mo. ; Third st., nr. Jones ave,; new; bay-win-
dow; 6 rooms; bath; 40x125; cement walks.
ELMHURST LOT— $25 cash; $5 mo.: SW.
cor. Orchardi and Third ave. ; Stone Tct. ; 50x
140: 3 blocks cars: powerhouse.
REMEMBER DATE,
. SATURDAY. MAY 4, AT 2 P. M.
"Write for maps. Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Salesroom 460 -and 462 8th St., Oakland. I
$2250 EACH— Two new 5 rooms- and bath cot-
tages on West st.. nr. 28th; can be purchased
on easy payments; lots 28x140 each; must be
seen to be appreciated. Call or address A. J.
SNYDER. 467 9th St.. Oakland. Cal. ¦ .
FOR sale or exchange— A. new 13-room house
and stable for cottage.' 'Inquire at 1520 Eighth
. ave.. East Oakland. : • ¦
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TOURISTS, go to the Arlington Hotel ; large
sunny rooms; table unexcelled; central; 8th &
Washington, Oakland. M. W. WILLIS. Prop.
OAKLAND FURSITUKE FOR^ALB^
AN introduction to you from H. Schelibaas. th«
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS,' ¦ 621— Front room furnished for house-
keeplngi'gas stove; $10. '..•«*
GEARY, .723, rear— 3 clean unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms: yard. ¦ ¦ - . ¦ _-—
GOLDEN' GATE ave.,' 622— Sunny bay-window.
: suite, 3 rooms, nicely furnished; gas, bath.
HAIGHT, 222—-* nicely appointed housekeeping
• rooms for couple: telephone;, references.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front basement suite of 2 or
<3 rooms; $16 to $20; also single, $6.
LIBERTY 129—3 or more elegantly, completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; gas stove;
I use of piano; phone; pleasant surroundings.
MARKET. 2518, take Castro -car— Furnished
rooms, single, for housekeeping; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 416— Large sunny parlors; com-
plete housekeeping; $2 a week up; furnished
and * unfurnished; reference. . - ' : •-
OAK, 125—2 nicely furnished, rooms for house-
keeping; gas, bath ; $16. . - . \ : r
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. _i ___/*.*
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Untlirii.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
' 25c to $1, per night; $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. ; . "
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day ¦ family hotel In. city; polite attendance;
large rooms, -50c up; meals 25c; free; coach.
BURNETT. 1426 Market '(old No. 1364)— Fur-'
• nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, 34— Large sunny front room; furnished;
'-also small room; private family.
CLIFFORD, 204 r Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
.furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 . Kearny st. —
- Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FIFTH,- 264— Nicefy J furnished ; dean v front
room: bath if or lor.2 young men; rent $8 50.
FIFTH. .353^-Single rooms, 1 $5 to $6 per month;
also! housekeeping, $7 or $8. • .
ROOMS' TO~ LET— Fnrn. and Unfam.
FILBERT, 614— Nicely furnished front sunny
room. " - : -^
GEARY, 1137— Newly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; bath and phone. '
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or.
I single; ladies' parlor; reading-room;. elevator.'
LARGE well furnished room, suitable for two
gentlemen; also small rear room for one;
references exchanged; Jackson st., near Tay-
lor. Box 3S99, Call office.
LARKIN. 804— Large, sunny front., nicely fur-
nished. $10; large sunny, back, nicely fur-
nished, $8.- ' !
MASON, 217— Front Bunny suite, elegantly fur-
nished; running water; piano. r
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1729%. near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nlshed single room; bath; {3. l
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35a a day up.
NOE, 266, near Market and Sixteenth— 5 or 8
sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished ' rooms and
-offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. .week. mo.
POND," 72, near Seventeenth and Noe— 2 nice
¦ sunny parlors, unfurnished; bath; $8.
POST, 631 — Pleasant front room; would suit
young lady; very quiet family; Protestant
preferred.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night, 850 to $1; week. |1 25 to $4; open night.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking room and ladies' par-
. lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, it to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water;, baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
¦ near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER, 127B, near Third and Harrlsonr-Sun-
¦ ny furnished rooms In private family; reas-!
j onable; bath.
THE Oxford. 271 O'Farrell— Suites and single
rooms from $3 up.
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room sulta-
ble for 1 or 2 gentlemen. Call 1 to 9 p. m.
UNION, 1033— Furnished rooms to rent. •
VALLEJO, 1121—4 unfurnished rfioms; yard;
water free; rent $10.
VAN NESS. 930
Bachelors' apartments; . elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
WEBSTER, 711 — 4 or 5 large sunny rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; every convenience.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia st. ' ¦ . ¦ . -\ . . :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT summer rates : attractive rooms; special
table; wine dinners. 807 California St. -
LBAVENWOR'51, 1409 — Large sunny room,
overlooking harbor; handsome grounds; excel-
lent board; references. * * ¦ '
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED,
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st. ' - ' •
i SPECIAL NOTICES. ~ "
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel. SaSO.
bEWIJiG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, soM. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, Eold, rented, repaired; needles and
. shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. :
P?E^C^R^D^L¥ir^tOTa^e^nT15o^lng~CoTr
office, Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
teL Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC- Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
. slon St.; tel. Mint 18?1. F. W. ZEHFCSS.
LOVELY HOME.
To lease for a - long term to responsible
party, 40 acres ¦ of best land, rood locality in
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from
depot; consisting of about 25 acres of best
wine grapes and baiance best fruit; apples,
--• cherries, : plums, .etc.: .-i-- lovely cottage, fur-
nished, also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.;
also fine winery and- cooperage for, 30,000 gal-
lons. Box 3841. Call office.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
' Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 266..
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTENSION of protest— Captain JOH. BEN-
EKE, master of the German bark Willy
Rlckmers. will extend his protest on Friday,
April 26, 1901. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the of-
3 flee of the Imperial . German Consulate in this
city. 318 Sacramento st. O. LOHAN, Imperial
German Vice Consul.
San Francisco. April 23, 1901. _^
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy • Department,
"Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. May
14, 1901. and publicly opened Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of boiler tubes,
nuts, "rivets, steel bars, plates and shapes,
and sheet steel. Blank proposals' will be fur-
nished upon application to the Bureau or to
the Navy Pay Office, San I Francisco, Cal.
A.- S. KENNY, Paymaster General. U. S. N.
4-12-01. ¦
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and 'Accounts. Navy Department.
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. May
7, 1901. and publicly opened ; Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Naval ..Hospital
: and the M. and S. Storehouse, Mare Island,
Cal., the daily supply ¦ of meats, groceries,
butter, eggs, cheese, ice. milk, bread, vege-
"tables and provender for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1902. ' Blank proposals ¦ will be
furnished -upon application to the Naval Hos-
pital. Mare Island. Cal.. or to the Navy Pay
Office, San Francisco. Cal. A. S. KENNY,
Paymaster General U. S. N. 4-8-01. ,
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
. gineer, Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1901 — Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I., will
be received, at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about .150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards 'of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud.- sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
• material' to ' be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a- bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
One contract .will' be made for the whole
work.; Contractor's bond will be 10. per cent
of the amount' bid. The right is reserved, to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank "forms apply to this office. Bureau. of
| Insular : Affairs, Washington, D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San _ Francisco. ¦¦• JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain, . Engineers. . ; \ - ¦¦ .;
PROPOSALS FOR DRAYAGE— General Depot
of' the -Quartermaster's '.Department, San
Francisco. Cal.,- April 22, 1901 — Sealed propo-
sals for the hauling of military stores and
supplies in and about the city of San Fran-
.- Cisco, 'Cal.,' for the fiscal year commencing
July 1,' 1901, will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m., on Thursday, the 23d
day of May, 1901, and then opened. The
Government . reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. . Envelopes • containing proposals should
be indorsed ."Proposals* for Drayage'* and
addressed to OSCAR F. LONG. Major and
Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot. Quar-
termaster. . .' i ' .
XL S. ENGINEER'S- Office. Flood building.
San Francisco, Cal.. April 22. - 1901— Sealed
proposals for dredging entrance to Pearl
"Harbor. Island of Oahu, • Hawaiian "Islands,
will - be , received here until 12 noon, June
'24. 1901: Information on application. W. H.
HEUER. Lieut. Col.. Engineers.
MABBIAGE LICENSES. '.
The following marriage licenses were , Issued
yesterday: ' ' \ ¦ ¦ ' - •
Edward J. Beardsley, 27, 1949 Geary, street,
and Mae McMahon, 25, 141 Collins street.
Abraham - Kashland, 32, • Boston, and Estelle
M. Wangenheim. 23. city.
Thomas A.' Fulton,' 34. 530 .Third street, and
Mary Collins, 26, 530 Castro street.
Fred Roettger, 31. 2625% Sutter street, and
Ethel M-* Hanna." ¦ 20, 503 Grove street.
EUIs U. Johnson, 40, Staten Island, and Mar-
genette A. Pohley, 25, 818 O'Farrell street. •
O Winslow Johnson, 29. 601 Third street, and
Helena E. Hearne,- 17, 1926 ¦ Market street.
.Harvey E. Harris Jr.. 27, 119 Collingwood
street, and Maud W. Cornish. 23.. 810 "Waller st.
Edwin A.- Clay, 29, 431 Ellis street, and Tha-
lle Levy. 24, 7C3 Geary street. ¦ aagffgggB
James I J. I Loney, 29, 320 Folsom street, and
Kate Welsh/ 26, 8%. Glover street.
. Charles H. Stokes. ¦ 25, • 812 Bush street, and i
Sadie G. J. Sullivan, 20. Ws Meacham place. - t
v Will C. Mcllrath, • 26, 43 Sixth street, and :
Christine -K. » Anderson, 25, 331 Jessie street.
. Edgrar S. Eichenberg, 25, 1204 Grove street, j
and Grace M. Dunn, 21. 1423 Valencia street. '•.
¦ Abraham Isaacs. ¦ 34, 717 Taylor street, and ,
Frances Marks, ¦ 29, 1013 Buchanan street. i
BIRTHS— MARMAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
FISCHER— In this city." April 19. 1901. to the
¦ wife cf William Fischer, a daughter. •—;..:
HANSEN— To the wife of Otto Hansen. a son.
SIMINOFF— In this city, April 22. 1901; to the
- wife of A. Siminoff, a son." >• - ¦'- •'
MATVRIEP.
COOK-GLENN-In this city. April 21. 1901,
Edward Cook and Mazle Glenn, both of San
Francisco.
HELMS— FERGUSEN— In this city^ April 22.
1901. by the Rev. J. M. Buebler. J. H. Helms
and Mary Ferrusen.
RICHARDSON— SANDS— In Oakland, April 21,
1901, by. the Rev. C. R. Brown. Clifton P.
Richardson and- Gertrude -M. Sands.
WHITEAKER — CAJRSTENS — In this city.
April 21. 1901. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler.
Dalton Whiteaker and Tillle Carstens.
DIED. ij .
Citron, Harry " " Ll«nard. Marie ••"
¦ Cody, May Lyons, Mary F.
Cuneo, Beatrice McKee. Ann
; D" Agostine, Mansueto MUer, ' Walter H.
Deuwel. Joseph Paltenghl. Andrew
Esmond. Thomas F. Pollard. James P.
. Ford, James Renner. Joseph A.
Hand,' George W. Schmitz, George
. Haseltine. . R. E Scott. William
: Hiestand. Mary Smith. Theodore E.
Kelly,. Samuel C. ¦ Tennent. Thomas
Kerr, Andrew - Westhaus. Ferdinand
Law. Frank H. ¦ Wyatt, May
CITRON— In this city, April 23. 1901. Harry
' Citron, beloved son of Ernstlne Citron and
¦ the late Abraham Citron, and brother of
Julia and Jessie Citron, a native of Cali-
. fomla. aged 18 years 2 months and 23 days.
- KTRemains at the parlors of H. P. Peter-
sen, 228 McAllister street. : ,
CODY— In 'this city, April 23. lfcl. May, be-
loved daughter of John and the late Cath-
erine Cody, sister of Kitty Cody, and niece
of Mrs- K. ¦ Welch, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 9 years 7 months and 27 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30- o'clock, from her late
I residence. 1136 Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth. .Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUNEO— In this city, April 22. 1901, Beatrice,
dearly beloved daughter of John and Jen-
nie Cuneo. and sister of Edna Cuneo. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 years 5 months
and 7 days. f.
D' AGOSTINE— In this city. April 21. 1901.
' Mansueto d' Agostine. dearly . beloved hua-
band of Gussie d' Asrostine. and father of
Fred and Louie d'Aeostine and Mrs. A.
• Bettl. a native of Switzerland, aged 66 years.
inXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1816 Stockton street, thence to the hall
of the Ancient Order United Druids. Grove
No. 37, '423 Broadway. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DEUWEL— In this city, April 23. 1901, Joseph
Deuwel, beloved husband of Louisa Deuwel.
and lather of Joseph and Lulu Deuwel. Gus
' Poullain, Mrs. J. Lansr. Mrs. H. Petit and
• Mrs. J. Bertrand. a native of France, aged
SO years 8 months and 4 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
¦ dence. 430 Greenwich street, thence to the
! French Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ESMOND— In this city, April 23, 1901. Thomas
F. Esmond, a native of Ireland, aged 68
years. ..... • . .
FORD— In Oakland, April 23. 1901. at Twenty-
¦ fourth ' avenue, between Nineteenth and
Twentieth avenues, James Ford, father of
Mrs. Jeannie Napier, Mrs. Mary Lawrie. Mrs.
Brice Brown and Robert. James and William
Ford, a native of Scotland, aged 85 years 10
• months and 29 days.
HAND— In this city, April 23. 1901, George W.,
beloved husband of Martha Hand, and father
of Mrs. E. J. Baldwin and the late Pierson
Hand, a native of New Jersey, aged 66 years
1 month and 6 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
j dence, 123S Bush street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HASELTINE— In this city, April 23. 1901. R.
¦ E.. beloved husband of Jennie Haseltine, a
native of St. Charles. 111., aged 54 years 4
months and 12 days. A member of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 8, A. O. U. W.
IE?"Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 400% Sixth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
: Sixth and Harrison streets.
HIESTAND— In this city April 23, 1901, at the
King's Daughters' Home, Mary Hiestand,
beloved mother of Mrs. Mary Fletcher, and
grandmother of Effle and E. R. Fletcher, a
native of Scotland, aged 69 years 11 months
and 23 days. (Sierra County papers please
copy.)
KELLY— In this city. April 23, 1901, Samuel.
Colter Kelly, beloved husband of the late
Rebecca Kelly, father of Mrs. Edmund Hall,
and brother of James Kelly of Martinez, a
native of Belfast. Ireland, aged 86 years 5
months and 3 days. (Martinez papers please
. copy.) • - ¦
ICFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, . from the- resi-
dence of his- daughter. Mrs. Edmund Hall.
643 Folsom street, thence by 9:30 o'clock
-a. m. train to Martinez for interment.- In-
terment Martinez Cemetery. .
KERR— In this city, April 23, 1901. Andrew,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Kerr.- and
father of Marsaret Alice Kerr, a native of
Ireland, a?ed 70 years.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAW— In this city, April 22, 1901, Frank H.
- Law, husband of Mary Law. and father of
Georgre and Mary Law. a native of England,
aged 50 years 1 month and 3 days. (New
York papers please copy.)
CTRemains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
.& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Ei£hth. . .
LIENARD— In this city, April 21. 1901, Marie
Lienard, beloved wife cf Ulrlc Lienard, a
native of Paris, France, aged 58 years.
ICrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
LYONS— In this city. April 23, 1901, Mary F.
Lyons, beloved mother of George F. and the
late Peter E. Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged
55 years. • (New York papers please copy.)
¦ CT Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 328 Fell street, thence to* Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of. her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. , \
McKEE— In this city, April 22, 1901, Ann,
dearly beloved wife of the late Alexander
McKee, and mother of James, Archie, Alex
and Thomas McKee, Mrs. K. Frawley. Mrs.
W Hughs, Mrs. J. J. Loebbing and the late
David and William McKee, a native of Bur-
rls- Leigh, County Tipperary. Ireland, aged
74 years 11 months and 22 days.
[[^¦Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence Of her daughter. 329 Prospect avenue,
off ' Cortland, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILER— In Sausalito, April 21, 1901, ! Walter
H beloved husband of Eugenie V. Mller,
and father of Grace E. and Irene Mller, a
native of New York, aged 43 years and 11
.iryTne'^funeral services-, will - be held
this day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 948 Mission street,
• under the auspices of Templar Grove No. 19,
¦ U. A.^O. D. Interment nrivate.
PALTENGHI— In this city, April 21, 1901, An-
drew Paltenghl, beloved husband of the late
Fannie Paltenghl, and father of Mrs. A.' E.
Juillerat, Mrs. J. E. Carter. Mrs. A. E.
•Ulrich and Louis . Paltenghl, a native ' of
Lugano, . Canton Ticino, Switzerland, aged 77
years and 2 months.
(^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:13 'o'clock, from the fu-
' neral parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.; 313
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
. thence to Masonic TemDle, corner Post and
Montgomery streets, where services will be
held under the auspices of Speranza Lodge
" No 219, F. and A. M., commencing at 1
] o'clock. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
POLLARD— In this' city. April 23. 1901. James
p., dearly beloved husband of. S. L. Pollard,
and father -of James P. J.r. and Bella Pol-
- ¦' lard, a native of Manchester, England, aged
68 years.
Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend thev funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 646 Laguna street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church. Hayes street, where a sol-
1 emn requiem high .mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul.' commencing at 9
• o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MEMBERS of the Gentlemen's Sodality of St.
Ignatius Church are requested to attend the
recital of the office for the repose of hla
, HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite -Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, B
TS and 29 Fifth stl Tel. South 187. 1
ITJHERAL DIBECT02J AMD EUBALK531. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. I
McAVOV .«fc. CO.. |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. & EMBALMERS. B
1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th. - 1
\ -...;. Telephone South 247. B
j JAMBS WcGINN, |
I Formerly with McGinnn Bros . has opened I
I new Funeral Parlors at '214 Eddy St.. bet. 1
I Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. J
soul this (Wednesday) evening, at Us late
residence, at 8 o'clock.
RENNER— In this city, April 23, 1901. Joseph
A. Renner, beloved son of Louis and Susanna
Renner. and brother of Louise. Alois and
Mary R. Renner. a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 2 months- and 6 days.
SCHMITZ— In this city. April 22. 1901, George
Schmitz, dearly beloved husband of May
Schmitz. and beloved father of George Jr.
and Melvln Schmitz, a native of Joliet. 111..
- aged 34 yeara 3 months and 12 days. A mem-
ber of Verein Eintracht and Molders' Union
No. 164. (Joliet. 111., papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
. dene*, S2 Morris avenue, between Fifth and
Sixth. Bryant and Harrison streets, thence
to Verein Eintracht Hall, Twelfth street. b»-
tween Folsom and Howard, where funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
-Verein Eintracht. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
SCOTT— In this city. April 23. 1901. William,
dearly beloved father of James W. Scott, a
¦ native of. County Cork. Ireland, axed 17
years.
(C7Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son. 413 Grove street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, corner Flllmore and
Fell streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hla
soul.' commencing: at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, April 23. 1901. Theodore
E. Smith, beloved husband of Lucille Bates
Smith, a native of Connecticut, aged 66 yeara
2 months and 12 days.
TENNENT— In this city. April 22. 1901. Thomas
Tennent, father of the late Thomas H. Ten-
nent, a native of Philadelphia. Pa., aged 73
years 6 months and 5 days.
(CFriends and acaualntances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
("Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell Btreet. near Post.
WESTHAUS— In this city. April 23. 1901. Ferd-
inand Westhaus, a native of Germany, aged
67 ye&rs.
¦WYATT-In this city, April 22. 1901, May
Wyatt (nee Veollch), a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years 4 months and 14 days.
C7Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Masonio
Cemetery.
Y. L. I. No. 20— Dear Sisters: TheTe will b« A
requiem mass (month's mind) for the repos»
of the soul of our late sister. Rose Higglns.
this (Wednesday) morning, at 8 o'clock,
at St. Teresa's Church. Potrero. By order
ANNIE DEVISE. President.
H. BROWN. Rec. Sec.; MENDOCINO CATTLE • KING AND '¦
THE WIFE WHOM HE- THINKS
TOO EXPENSIVE.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Creditors of the Pacific Phosphate Com
pany of Alameda County petitioned the
United States District Court yesterday to
declare the firm, an involuntary insolvent.
The petition alleges that the company
owes Edward Barry $855, C. S. Goodman
$60 and E. C. Chapman $250, and that it
committed an act of insolvency by allow
ing A. B. Patrick &Co. to get judgment
against it for $308.
E. L. Moran, as an individual and as a
member of the extinct firm of Moran
Brothers of Santa' Cruz, has filed a peti
tion in insolvency. He owes $250 30 and has
no assets.
John B. Moisant, who is accused by R.
Dannmeyer, superintendent of the Crown
Distilleries Company, of having: purloined
bonds valued at $1200 and of kidnaping
his son, Stanley Moisant, is safe in Mex
ico. Yesterday evening Captain Seymour,
chief of detectives, received the following
dispatch from El Paso, Tex.:
Moisant left train at Smelter, Tez. Men are
across Rio Grande River looking: for him.
J. H. WHITE," Chief of Police.
Captain Seymour places little faith in
the charge of felony embezzlement sworn
to by Dannmeyer, but was obliged to take
steps to arrest Moisant after a warrant
had been Issued by Judge "Cabaniss. The
friends of Moisant declare that Dann
meyer Is assisting Mrs. Moisant to get her
husband within the jurisdiction of Cali
fornia In order that he might be served
with divorce papers. ¦ • ..
Investigation showed yesterday that on
February 8 Mrs. Moisant filed suit in the
Superior Court for divorce, alleging ex
treme cruelty and asking for alimony in
the sum of $200 per month. Attorney
O'Callaghan is the lawyer for Mrs. Moi
sant. He also acted for Dannmeyer in the
proceedings charging Moisant with felony
embezzlement. Dannmeyer positively re
fuses to give the address of Mrs. Moisant
to the police, and Attorney O'Callaghan
claims that he does not know where she
is living. It is known, however, that Mrs.
Moisant is residing with her mother In
this city and in the past few days has
consulted Dannmeyer, who is her uncle,
and has also visited her attorney's office.
Ridicules Charge of Felony.
A well-known attorney, who Is a friend
of Moisant, said yesterday: "If Moisant
comes back here he will do so of his own
free will, and I will probably act for him.
This story of felony emb^zlement is all
bosh. Moisant has not stolen'any bonds
of Dannmeyer* and he has not kidnaped
his child. His wife refused to live in the
Republic of Salvador with him and Moi
sant has kept her well supplied with
money. He sent her $200 last January, and
on February 8 she filed suit for divorce.
She charged him with extreme cruelty and
asks for $200 per month alimony.
"Judge Sloss made an order on the day
the suit was filed that publication be made
of the suit in the Recorder, as the best
paper likely to give Moisant notice of the
action. Moisant read of the suit in The
Call and came back from Salvador this
month. His wife did not mention her suit
when her husband called on her, but he
kept posted as to her intentions. When
he found that her attorney Intended to
serve the divorce papers on him he made
preparations to go back to Salvador and
told his friends so. He took his little boy
with him, as he is devotedly attached to
the child. Moisant has interests in salt
mines in Salvador and wants his wife to
live there with him. She tried it for a time
and then came back to San Francisco.
"If Mrs. Moisant wanted to have her
husband arrested for kidnaping her child
she would certainly not have kept in hid
ing, neither would her attorney and rela
tives keep her address secret."
Divorce Filed in February Last.
The records of the County Clerk's office
show that Mrs. Moisant filed suit for di
vorce from her husband on February 8, as
stated above, and asked for alimony In
the sum of $200 per month, counsel fees
and the custory of the child, Stanley Moi
sant.
The little town of Smelter, Tex., where
Moisant left the train on Monday night,
Is a few miles west of El Paso and close
to the Mexican border. Moisant would
have but little trouble in reaching the
Mexican Central Railroad and continuing
his journey to Salvador. He resides in the
town of Soustani in the Central American
republic, where he located in 1896, a year
after his marriage.
If Dannmeyer desires to bring Moisant
back to this city and to press the charge
of felony embezzlement, it will be a mat
ter of extradition by the Federal Govern
ment through the Secretary of State. .
Friends Ridicule Charges of
Embezzlement and
Kidnaping.
He Reaches Mexico and
Makes Extradition
Necessary.
MOISANT SAFE
ACROSS BOBDER
LOUIS GLASS THE NEW MANAGER
OF COAST TELEPHONE INTERESTS
Recognized as a Popular Californian, an
Expert Electrician . and 1 . Practical Man
of Affairs With Genius for Leadership
WHITE, THE CATTLE KING, DESERTS
HIS WIFE AT BIDDING OF SPIRITS
Aged Capitalist the Defendant in Divorce
.Suit That Recalls How He Found a Pretty
Bride Through -. a Marriage Bureau
THE SAW FEANCISCO ; CALL; WEDNESDAY, APEIL 24, 1901.
School Will Be Enlarged.
The Board of Education decided yester
day to add apother story to the Buena
Vista School. The addition will make
room for five more classes and is intended
to relieve the congested condition in the
district and also to do away with the
renting of outside rooms. Four more class
rooms will be. added to the Dudley Stone
School, which has also been somewhat
overcrowded.
PRESIDIO SALOONS
PLACED TJNDEB BAN
Felice Cozrmisisoners Refuse to Issue
Licenses to Old-Established Places
or Consider New Applications.
Seven more saloonkeepers in the vicin
ity of the Presidio were denied licenses
Ia6t night by order of the Police Commls-
BionerB. There were a number of appli
cations for new licenses and, pursuing the
policy heretofore outlined, these were also
refused. The case of Weinhold, one of
those who was denied a license, is of in
terest from the fact that the saloon he is
at present conducting near the Presidio
gate has been open for ' forty-six vp» rg.
but must now close its doors. Mrs. i\iary
Powers made a pathetic appeal to con
tinue her business, backed by a long peti
tion signed by many residents in the vicin
ity. She was given a week's time to find
a new location. All others received scant
consideration. Edward Olsen, who owns
a piece of property on Baker and Green
wich streets, wanted a license which was
denied. Licenses in other sections of the
city were freely granted.
Police Officer E. N. Chapln was repri
manded for failing to pay his bills. Offi
cer J. M. O'Connor, who was injured in
the discharge of his duty and was tried
last week for inefficiency and reporting
!ate. will be taken off street duty and put
In a place where glasses will be allowable
to assist his failing eyesight.
as much pleasure In contemplating: his
orchards as he derived In talking of the
mineral wealth of the mountains. His
promotion to the position of general man
ager of the big telephone company was
fairly won. His associates appreciate his
attainments as a business man, his ca
pacity for work and his genius for direct
ing affairs.
EASTERN MEN ANXIOUS
TO BTTT KLYTHE BLOCK
Syndicate Makes Offer Deemed Worthy
of Consideration by Parties
Interested in Estate.
Report is again current that the Blythe
Block has been sold in its entirety to a
syndicate composed of Eastern capital
ists. One of the features of- the story is
that new buildings are to be erected at
once.
As to the authenticity of the news, W.
J. Bartnett "of the law firm of Gunnison,
Booth & Barnett, and agent for the
sale of the block, states that negotiations
have been under way with Eastern men
whose names are withheld but whose of
fers are deemed worthy of consideration.
A. A. Moore, who has charge of the rental
of the property, also says that the matter
has been the subject of negotiations but
he denies any knowledge of the consum
mation of the proposed sale.
MAN "WHO IN FUTURE WILL.
BE AT THE HEAD OF LOCAL.
TELEPHONE COMPANY.
LOUIS GLASS, the new general
manager of the Pacific States
Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, Is an expert electrician and
a first-class all-around man of
business affairs. He Is well known
throughout CaJlfornla and his popularity
Is recognised in every section of the State.
He came to the coast from Maryland thir
ty-five years ago and engaged In the dru^j
business 5n Ventura County.
Subsequently he entered the service of
the Western Union Telegraph Company
and became an export operator and elec
trician. Mining and engineering problems
relating to the development of mines en
rcaged nis time and studious application,
for many yeurs. He became so practical
and efficient In this line of work that his
authority was widely recognized.
Mr. Glass entered the service of the Pa
cific States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pnny fifteen years apo. At that time he
tvrs the manager of the Edison General
Klectrical Company of San Francisco..
In estimating the value of California as
a mining country Mr. Glass did not over
look the orchards. In his diversity of oc
cupation he gave his attnetion to the cul
tivation of oranges and olives and found
Police Officers Defeat Students.
A team of sharpshooters [ from the " San
Francisco Police * Department : defeated a
team of crack shots from the University
of "California "at Shell. Mound \ yesterday
by. a score of 429— 415. A second shoot
participated In ¦ by five men from each
team resulted In a tie. ;.;.- .. -'.-"¦-
Choice Stationery.
Everything in the line of office and cor
respondence -. stationery, '. fountain pens.
Koh-i-noor, pencils, legal blanks, blank
books, typewriters' materials, diaries and
daily journals for. 1901 at the lowest possi
ble prices.' • Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. . • . "
The United "Kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland has 118.000 miles of highway.
Her Injuries Prove Fatal.
Mary H. "Wilson, . the aged woman who.
while alighting from a Howard-street car
last Sunday was struck, by a . car going
in an opposite direction, died last night at
the Citv and County Hospital. Motorman
F. TV. Johnson , of the car that ran into
Mrs.- "Wilson was arrested on a charge of
manslaughter.
Abraham Lincoln.
The ladles of the Trinity Presbyterian
Church, corner Twenty-third and Capp
streets, have engaged Rev. G. L. Splnlng
of South Orange, N.J., to lecture at the
church Thursday evening, April 25, for
the purpose of raising the church debt.
The time of the lecture is 8 o'clock, and
the subject, "Abraham. Lincoln." -
A Sensible Talk— Guide Yourself Ac
-•J, 1-vT . - . cordingly. •
'The undersigned, receiver of the Califor
nia Shoe Co., 15CS Market street, will sell
the entire stock of shoes contained in said
store at' bankrupt sale, commencing to
morrow (Thursday) at 9 a. m. This stock
consists of $25,000 worth of boots and shoes
for men, women and children. Now, mind
you, all these shoes must and will be sold
at. bankrupt sale regardless of price. To
Inaugurate this -sale to-morrow there will
be on sale 2000 pairs of ladies and men's
$3.50 shoes: all celebrated makes. I will
sell them -for $1.65 a pair. Yes, only $1.65
for •' $3.50 shoes to-morrow ' at the Bank
rupt Shoe Sale, 1506 Market street, above
City Hall avenue. W. F. Pipher. receiver. •
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing and developing?
done in the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street •
"Lrotta," the famous actress of the
American stage, is sojourning in Belve
dere, having arrived on the overland train
from the East on Monday night.
In a quiet and unostentatious manner
"Lotta," or Miss Carlotta Crabtree, left
the train at Oakland on the night of her
arrival and yesterday morning went to
Belvedere to visit friends.
It is some years' since the talented little
lady, who has made millions laugh, was
in California, where she made the start In
her career that has brought her fame and
fortune. "Lotta" is reputed to be worth
$3,000,000, the bulk of which is invested in
giltedge real estate.
Miss Crabtree .was born. In. New Tork
City on November 7. 1847, her father be
ing a bookseller on Nassau street. When
the discovery of gold in this State was
heralded to the world Mr. Crabtree
crossed the plains with his family to Cal
ifornia. He did not get rich and his wife
Joined a variety company which was
touring the State. Her daughter, when
eleven years old, appeared at Petaluma
as Gertrude in "The Loan of a Lover"
and scored a big success. In the theaters
of San Francisco little "Lotta" became a
great favorite and the hardy miners
showered gold nuggets on the footlight
favorite. It was not uncommon for "Lot
ta" to pick up $1000 worth of nuggets and
gold dust during an evening's perform
ance.
In 1S64 she went to New Tork and ap
peared* in spectacular productions and
when she played in "Little Nell" and "The
TBEADWELL AND SYLVA
FIGHT IN OPEN" COTTBT
Friends of Attorneys Join, in Combat
and Disturb the, Serenity of
• ¦ Sausalito. '•
A free-for-all fight was indulged In Mon
day night in Justice of the Peace Bell
rude's courtroom in Sausallto. The con
testants were ex- Judge A. B. Treadwell.
AdolDh Sylva, a number of court bailiffs
ar<l a half dozen witnesses summoned by
Treadwell and Sylva to testify in a shoot
ln f htfrow^was caused by Sylva'sattltude
toward Treadwell's witnesses. Treadwell
struck Sylva and the fight was on. Every
person in the courtroom took a hand in
the affair and numerous bruises on the
heads and faces of the belligerents were
the result. ¦
Miss Crabtree is accompanied by her
mother and says her visit to California is
for the purpose of benefiting her parent's
health.
Marchioness" Gothamites -were aware
that a genius was in their midst. In all
cities where she played "Lotta" became
the pet of the people and she accumu
lated riches quickly. She played in "Top
sy," "Sam Willoughby," "Musette,"
"Zip." "Bob" and "The Little Detective,"
ail of which were written to suit her in
imitable talents.
The fountain at the junction of Market.
Kearny and Geary streets which "Lotta"
presented to the people of San Francisco
is a memento of the . love she bears the
city where she made her first "hit," and
should she consent to reappear before the
footlights it is safe to say that "standing
room only" would be at a premium.
"LOTTA," THE FAMOUS ACTRESS, AGAIN
VISITS SCENES OF EARLY TRIUMPHS
Millionaire "Bill" Bradbury is again in
trouble, brought about, it is claimed in a
suit filed yesterday against him by A. G.
Carswell andAl A. Carothers', by actions
on his part fully as accentrlc as any. others
that have lately, brought him into notor
iety. Carswell and Carothers have, been
conducting ths apartment. house at 1401
Van Ness avenue, which is owned by
Bradbury, but -they- claim he has broken
up their business, for which they demand
?15,000 damages. " , ' .
They say that shortly, after they took
the house, in January last,- Bradbury/ as
sisted by one Daniel O'Connor,^ for the
purpose of compelling the plaintiffs to va
cate the premises, began to create loud and
peculiar disturbances around the house
and make noise enough for a boiler fac
tory. I Not • satisfied that this conduct
would have the desired effect, the plain
tiffs say Bradbury and O'Connor would
stand on the street and ogle at guests of
the house, annoy them In other ways and
again attempt to intimidate them. This
conduct finally broke up their business,
the plaintiffs claim, and hence they de
mand judgment as stated. •' . ..¦>¦-
Bradbury will have another trouble, on
his mind to-day. A warrant was sworn
out yesterday charging him with railing
to put proper plumbing into a building at
the corner of Van Ness avenue and Cali
fornia street, owned by him. He will be
arrested this morning.
Two of His Tenants Sue Him
to Recover $15,000
Damages.
\f~^ EORGE E. WHITE, the "Round
ft yj-. Valley Cattle .King," has deserted
11 I his young and pretty wife, Louise,
and sho has instituted suit for
absolute divorce. Mrs. White filed
her suit yesterday afternoon, alleging de
sertion as cause of action. While Mrs.
White is preparing her case, her aged
husband, who, through the advice of spir- '
its, it is said, is about to emerge from his
third matrimonial venture, is marshaling
his force ! about his purse, which is a
large one, 'and bis force has responded to
the call with avidity. The fact that. he is
about to. lose his wife is not particularly
displeasing to him, for the voice from the
spirit world, .which he says led him to the
altar, has again whispered its advice, and
this advice has robbed his wife of his love.\
His Third Venture.
Many years r.go White- took unto him
self a wife. Not long after the wedding
she died and for some time the aged cap
italist lived alone. Finally he married his
niece, but this marriage proved -to be un
happy. A decree of divorce was procured
by the second Mrs. White and the fight
for his property began. He refused. to
heed the various orders for the payment
of alimony issued by the court and finally
he was thrown into jail for contempt.
Then he decided to compromise and, after
freeing himself from jail and all demands
of the second Mrs. White, he returned to
his Round Valley home. Soon he became
lonesome and decided to again marry. The
spirits had always. advised him well in
business, so to their " mystic forms he
poured •- out • his confession that . all he
needed to make him happy was some one
to love. The spirits hearkened to his story
and pointed to the path that leads to J.
CLAIM BRADBURY
RUINS BUSINESS
- Theodore Smith, for many years promi
nent in business and church circles of San
Francisco, . died last night at his resi
dence, 1619 Washington street.
• ; Mr.- Smith had- been ill only two days.
He ¦¦ was" overcome • while attending St.
Luke's Church Sunday afternoon, and
the hastily summoned physicians quickly
diagnosed his case as one of acute pneu
monia. , :
The • weight of slxty-sjx years accen
tuated" the disease and - all hope of Mr.
Smith's recovery 4 was dissipated Monday
night,, when the patient began to sink
rapidly. _.¦ ¦ ¦ • . : -
Theodore ;E. Smith ! came ' to San Kran
clsco.'fifty years ago.- For more than
thirty years he had been a valued em
ploye of Buckingham & Hecht. Mr. Smith
became a communicant of St. Luke's
Episcopal . Church before reaching: his
majority.. .He was always a zealous
Christian . and took an active part
throughout his useful life in church and
charitable work. .... .
Mr. Smith left a wife and a family of
eight children— three daughters and five
sons. ¦ • : ¦- : • : :
. No definite arrangements for the fu
neral : have been announced, but it will
take place -from St. Luke's Church som-j
time Thursday afternoon.
Prominent Churchman , Dies
From Pneumonia-Sick
But Two Days.
Marries in Haste.
Benjamin's marriage bureau. The fact
that White was looking for a wife was
circulated by the industrious Benjamin,
but among all that sought his hand there
was but one for him, then Miss Louise
Bogan, who re3lded at S10 Tehama street.
Miss Bogan had known her aged suitor
but a short time when the wedding was
arranged. He was an ardent lover and an
energetic man tor his years. His beard
was kept a shining- black with a liberal
use of aye, and. in the fire of his love he
strutted about with all the vigor of a
youth. His . blazing diamonds and fre
quent and costly presents captivated the
young lady, and when a wedding trous
seau was suggested the aged lover looked
to it. The bride stood beside him before
the minister in a rustling white silk gown,
which showed her pretty figure to ad
vantage.- Rev.- Dr. Cryor, the pastor of
the Westminster Presbyterian Church,
performed the ceremony on February 16,
1898.:
Miss Anna Hannon was the bridesmaid,
and the maid of honor was Miss Kate
Elphinston. John P. Bogan, the brother
of the bride, supported the groom. Only a
few friends of the bride were present at
the ceremony. There was a breakfast af
ter the ceremony had been performed and
then the newly married couple took the
train for Los Angeles. They toured
around the southern part of the State for
a time, crossed over into Mexico and then
came home.
Quarrel Over Furniture.
SUDDEN DEATH COMES
TO THEODORE SMITH
Mrs. "White knew ot her husband's
wealth and as she, a pretty girl of 22, had
given up her life, as she then thought, to
a man past 70 and whose whiskers, in the
vernacular of the street, were palntSd,
she believed it only right to raise her liv
ing expenses to an amount commensurate
with her station In life. She hence pur
chased? a set of furniture and here the
row, began. "White could see no object in
purchasing furniture. Then spirits whis
pered more advice. They pointed out that
Mrs. .White was extravagant, that she
had started on the trail that leads to
financial ruin. So finally, Mrs. "White al
leges, her husband deserted her and hence
she demands a decree of divorce. In ad
dition to a divorce, Mrs. White asks for
alimony in the sum of $150 a month and a
judgment for counsel fees and costs of
action.- It is Mrs. White's prayer for ali
mony against which White will make his
fight, though his last attempt to evade
the process <of court may yet be fresh in
his memory, and have- a ¦ quieting effect
upon his combative instinct, .which is al
ways awakened when money is the issue.
12
' ADVERTISEMENTS. __¦
Curtains, Portieres,
'•'.' iWe i will place on sale this week large im-
portations of LACE CURTAINS in the follow-
ing makes? ARABIAN, BATTENBERG, IRISH
POINT, MADRAS NET, SWISS, SAXONY,
COLONIAL NET and NOTTINGHAM, i
- ¦ «¦
SPECIALS.
275 pairs WHITE ana ECRU LACE CURTAINS In
SAXONY and MADRAS NET, 38 verg hanisome de-
sign's, full width and. length, fast edges.
Price $3.00 Pair
200 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, In fcoth cream
and white, all fast lockstitch edges, and entirely new
designs.
Price S5.OO Pair
300 pairs new ARABIAN CURTAINS, Doth single
and double border, 3! gards long and extra width.
Price S6.5O to SI5.OO Pair
200 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, with heaYD
fringed ends, latest Golorings in stripes, Bagdad and
Oriental patterns.
Price $4.00 and $4.50 Pair
2 cases fine WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
three-Quarter bed size, pure wool and borders assorted.
Price $3. 5O Pair
7 cases best brands readu made SHEETS and PIL-
LOW CASES, both hemmed and hemstitched, all laun-
dered and peadu for use, at Yeru low priGes.
, 0
Ill, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. \
ftOYAL BAKINQ POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM STREET, NEW YORK.
Avoid the imitation powders., They are sold
cheap because they are made . from alum.
But alum is a poison dangerous to use in food.
The " Royal Baker and Pastry Cook"~ : con*
taining over 8oo most practical and valuable
cooking receipts — free to every patron-
Send postal card with your full address.
The great popularity and general use of the
Royal Baking Powdec attest its superiority
sbmeness from the most
eminent authorities*
No other article of food
has received such .emr
phatic commendation
for purity and whole-
No other article used in
the domestic economy
of the household has
so many enthusiastic
friends among the house-
keepers of America*
'Phone Howard 1021.
Fa ' __£? tTjI^^'^^^jmJjI' jl Ntt-lr" ¦" * "^
fil BSht vS a a n Bl
gg Zfffjr * to| ¦» £1 ebQI ej Ea.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
Prices ! Sharp Buyers
! - THIS ENTIRE WEEK.
WESSON'S COOKING OIL. quart 20c
BUTTER SSe 5 !! 1 . c =^ e : 27 'c
UU I I Ull pt Reyea or Humboldt ** ¦ 2 U
Brands. Absolutely Pure. Regular size.
DAIRY BUTTER, square 23c-
Hf\ Mush or choice of brands. 13c I f) n
-II packages lyj,
Scotch Oats, Atlas Oats or
Yuco. All fresh and at Faber f s Price.
BEST TABLE RAISINS, pound 12&C
GELATINE Ss&j^S^:..*. 25c
ULkn I I 111. £j ost ° opu i ar klnd . '«»
BEST NEW POTATOES— SPECIAL.
D 1 V 111 P Powder. "Trophy." 1b- n Q ft
BAMNb
factory. Tlllmann's pure Cream of Tartar
and Soda only. Not made by the Trust.
40c Reg.
BORAX EXTRA REFINED, pkg. 10c
Ollin Soap— "Pride of Kitchen." OF.
NfiNMs bars /nn
"n" 1 * Cleans soiled hands and en- fcWW
tire house with little labor. 32 cakes limit.
CHICKEN TAMALE3, 3 tins 25c-
tlJUICIf CV Hermitage or Old Crow nnfl
W H INKtY -Q«art size QHR
11 IIIUI1W ¦ $L25 usually. www
DOMESTIC PORTER. 7.*»c dozen.
ni!IITMCV Ma -J° r Gray's— Bottle. . ftC A
ilhll I NtT Imported from Calcut- /HE
U UU I II U I ti rare table i uxur y. f UU
BAKING SODA. 10c size 5c-
SOLIDIFIED If £3*?! I2*C
We Prepay Freight on Special Sale Goods.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. KTVIGORA-
tor *nd Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both «exes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
neya »nd Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABEK. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
313 Market »t.. S. F.— (Send : for Circular*.)
DR.MCNULTY.
I^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
. Specialist cures Blood Poison, (JonorrboBa.Gieet,
Stricture. Semlnul WeAkriesn. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diwuaes o« Men. fre«.
• Ovfr3)T«i«'fip*rieii(;e.Ti>nniir««nnabie. Hour*.
3to3daily;6:30tM.30eT';;*ScndJ»T*,10tn 12. Con.-ml.
tationfreeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. RO8COE 3Ic\*CliTY. M. IV-
SCJiKearnySti, San frmacisco, Cal-
I \ {If]fl j
A\i 1 -^^has no terrors y r ' 1 1 fa
«)-Jjl| . 2f when it is made I \/ iif C*
1^ wolUwv M el m H WirZtttot9v* *T.^JUf Mr I
*v\j7HH|Kll3Dk_wL8__iSiiffHCTH^^^_
T>f . It is perfectly digestible, which \U
& lard is not. It is cleanly and free 5W
rrom <Gsease-taint to which swine, *¦&
from which lard « made, arc liable.
Dyspeptics ¦ can with impunity I
enjoy food made with' it. ; It goes , 1
i twice ae far as lard or butter and is J
therefore cheaper. Wesson's Salad I
Oil is far greater yaluc than the finest I ,
" - olive oil and has the same. flavor. I
¦Ask your fri<vidly grocer to supply t
~JL . you with Wesson's Oib. ; . \j)
03 C^£^r^\5^r>--*iJ>CJ