Mrs. Roosevelt was Miss Edith Kennlt
Carow, and her family has been friendly
\u25a0with the Roosevelta for generations. Her
father was Charles Carow, son of Isaao
Carow, a wealthy " New York shipping
merchant. Her mother was '^Ilsa Gertrude
Tyler, daughter of General Tyler of Nor
wich. . \u25a0
It is too early yet to speak of how and
what entertainments are to be given, bat
with the first lifting of the cloud that
hangs over the country, and especially
the White House, the irrepressible young
life of so happy a household is bound to
work its way, and that way will never be
one with which fault can be found.
Mrs. Roosevelt .will not, so say her
friends, advocate any sweeping innova
tions at the White House, but there will
be just as much to learn from the way in
which she performs her dutie3 as leading
lady as in the very recent times when, as
hostess at Albany or at the summer house
at Oyster Bay, she lived her own life,
quite unmoved by criticism or by the ex
ample of those around her whose Incomes
permitted more show and more luxury of
life. •, - v ' ;^, ' \u25a0
XTo Sweeping Innovations.
Of course there is no time set as to
when the formal Introduction of Miss
Roosevelt will take place, but.it may
safely be assumed that she will have an
unusually brilliant winter for a debu
tante, and Mrs. Roosevelt haa moat caro
fully planned h<?T trousseau, which now
will simply need some additions. Already
what Miss Roosevelt is to be 13 belnjj
talked over, showing that the personal
interest Is not to be lost sight of in tha
sudden accession of public interest that
must needs come in such a. tremendous
change of circumstances.
The world at large will have little op
portunity to cavil now at American social
life. There has come to an end with tha
recent tragedy a most wonderfui exhi
bition cf a husband's love and tenderness,
a devotion rarely if ever equaled, but
now as leading lord and lady of the land
are a married couple v,-hos»-devotion to
one another and to their children ha3 been
to every one who knew them an exampla
of the happiest possible married life and
of how a .-woman can sink herself in her
husband's aims without at the same tlmo
losing. her own individuality.
President and Mrs. Roosevelt are tha
voungest couple who have ever occupied
the "White House, and they, with their
children, will unquestionably transform- it
in many ways. But as a nation we can
not fail to , be glad that the office has
fallen to a man and woman who*e alms
are high and whose earnest love for one
another has been known to all their
friends.
The first lady of the land comes from a
long line cf ancestors well accustomed to
social life, and a3 a young girl she was a
great favorite in society not only in this
count ry but abroad. She la thoroughly
well posted as to social etiquette, and
there will never be a mistake made as to
the order of precedence, but the formality
that must needs rule will be much miti
gated by the indescribable charm of th«
home life which will dominate every
thing, as it always has done.
"When It was first planned to Introduce
Miss Roosevelt In Washington this win
ter all the details of her debut were most
carefully planned. These will of neces
sity be somewhat changed, but an effort
will be made as far. as possible to follow
the lines that were laid down, and one
may be sure that Mrs. Roosevelt Intends
to fulfill to the letter her duties a3 chap
eron and mother.
Miss Roosevelt's Introduction.
Always a Social Tavorite.
As Is well known. President and Mrs.
Roosevelt have not been people of large
mean?, and have certainly never lived be
yond those means. Last winter when his
term of Governor was over and befor*
the inauguration In March, they kept the
house open at Oyster Bay, although all
their neighbors had long since gone into
town. The children attended school then
and the governess was retained, but the
home iife went on exactly as though It
wa3 from choice that they stayed there,
and to-day the verdict of the children is
that there never wa3 a pleasanter winter.
The Roosevelt turnout is a most demo
cratic one. The coachman ' is certainly
not up to the accepted standards of smart
society, for he nas a mustache, and there
Is no footman or second man. It has al
ways pleased both Mr. -and- Mrs. Roese-,
velt to live their lives independent of any
changes of fashion or of popular feeling,
and the heme has been from time Imme
morial the typical American home. In, 'tha
best sense of the word, and yet thefe is
no doubt that when at the White House,
with the necessary formality that the po
sition must needs bring, the President
and Mrs. Roosevelt will carry .out In
every detail the social as well as the poli
tical demands made upon them.
Of Modest Means.
at any entertainment and Is lnvartably
the first guest to leave after a dinner.
No matter how busy and how full her
life may be some portion cf tha day is
always put apart for absolute quiet, and
certain hours are devoted exclusively to
her children, who receive' probably tha
tenderest care and attention that have
ever been lavished upon children in their
position in life. Their Interests are bers
and she la more like an elder sister than
a mother to them, while in time of Ill
ness, no matter how good a trained
nurse she may have, the greater part of
the nursing falls upon her.
An Ideal wife and mother she was often
called, and rightly, at tha time of the
Spanish war. She never made any com
plaint, never showed any signs of anxiety
excepting: that those who knew her in
timately saw her grow visibly paler and
thinner, but she never broke down until
after her husband had returned from the
war, and during that time she was en
tirely with her children, her one endeavor
seeming to be to prevent any sadness
coming to them.
Ftr*-et e f >\vn, Ehe always dresses for din
ner, hv.d her dinner gowns are more or
less elaborate. Iier one wish seems to be
to hsvc fcr»r clothes dainty and attractive,
but incorjp'Cuous, yet she admits a fond
ness lor rich fabrics.
"Do you knovy Mrs. Roosevelt very
well?" 18 eft en asked of those people
v.-ho are linov.-n to be en her visiting list.
There are few who can say they do,
for her list of intimate friends is limited,
er'l while she is always gracious and
j'iiralEg to her acquaintances she Ic not
tf>; least diffuse, and seems to keep her
bifc-fct for her husband and her immediate
home circle.
taJker, but is a brilliant conversationist
— on apparent Inconsistency explainable
by her being a remarkably good listener,
and possessing that rare charm of draw
ing 1 out the very best In any one sfte talks
to. She has a keen prr.se cf humor and
coulfi, If ehe cho«e, be sarcastic, but
\u25a0Whether frcm. kindliness of heart, good
t>ree<2!r:j? or as an exhibition r>f her mar
velous Bclf-control Ehe rarely if ever exer
cise* that Cift.
Not a beauty at "ret glance, Sirs. Roose
velt is nevertheless an unusual!}- pretty
woman, rather above middle height, with
a eMght, girlish figure. She is a brunette
in cororinjr, with bro^-n eyes and hair, but
fiiir f.Uin, with considerable color. She
v.-ould be noticed anyv.-here from her ex
ceedingly ladylike appearance and from a
certain individuality in dress, for, while
ehe dreeres timply, her clothes always
Eult her and have a marked personality
about them.
She rareiy, If ever, wears a large hat,
end is generally seen in a small bonnet,"
g,n& she does not chanpe the style of her
li?t as the fashions change. It must be
and It always Is, but because
j l^shion dictates that only hats are to.be
r.ora, Mrs. Roosevelt does not seem to
find it necessary to blindly follow the law.
Ker brown hair curls in soft ringlets
around her face, but 1b brushed smoothly
back from her temples and arranged in
t soft coil at the back of her head.
She wears it In the same style, whether
for clay or evening, but with evening dress
the Vvonrs an aigrette, wh!ch adds height
and crn pha;- iz«s the lonsr line of her shoul
ders, crie of her chief !»er«.utlcs. She Is a
wor.-.an who looi-is much better In evening
cress than in s-trcet dress, and her even
ing gov/ris are always rather elaborate.
In fome ways she Is rather Bngiish in
style, orpeciaiiy in this matter of dress,
for no m atter how rimp'.e may be her
All about the management of the house
bold has been charmingly simple, very
dainty and always the same. A true spirit
of hospitality welcomed every guest, who
was :r.a.ge to feel that his or her presence
\u25a0wtls the most to be desired In the world.
"Wine was always served, but neither the
Jfreeteecit nor his wife cared for it.
Tile mentx was always simple and never
comprised many courses, for the President
Cicllked a long dinner. Everything was
well served, but on most simple lines and
la a way that would be quite possible for
jv-ople cf half their means. This, how
ever, with an app«arance of -" absolute
ccaifort everywhere — comfort, not show,
being apparently the watchword.
lira. Roosevelt Is not a very great
Simplicity Boles.
There is ra g-oEsip or scandal allowed In
the Roosevelt household. The matters
dieccesel are public issue, and thero Is
eo cuest who does not feel irresistibly
compelled to stand cp for what Is best
arid right, co high is the keynote that Is
sounded. This is not saying there Is not
plenty of life and Jollity, for merriment
reigns supreme with young and old, and
never has it been allowed that the cares
of office or the anxieties of politics should
intrude upon the fun and merriment that
eo on unc«fiPir.s-ly.
The Koosovelt household has always
been democratic In Its simplicity.- There
Lave never been any Attempts made at
elaborate entertaining. A dinner for
fcrty guests la never markedly different
£roia the dinner of six or eight, the only
exception being some outside maid per
vast brought in to lend assistance.
There have been no gorgeous banquets
to be chronicled ano^f social events, and
rtea the ctws columns gave the inform
ation that Mr. and. itr». Theodore Roose
velt entertained, at dinner there have
never been tny wonderful table decora
tions to chronicle.
A Charming Household-
« RS THEODORE ROOSEVELT,
/ \ / j who now takes her place as
{ Y j the first lady of the land, is a
I woman most eminently fitted
fcr the position. Although
»»m early childhood she has never bean
publicly before the world, and has In fact
been noted for her shrinking from publi
city, hers is ore of those rare personali
ties which are bour.d to assert themselves
ur.fier eny and all circumstances.
And those friends who have known her
from childhood are waiting to see how
\u25a0weU every duty will b« fulfilled, for they
knew her perfectly balanced character,
hep marvelous reserve force and her
calm, cool Judgment of people and things.
2£ra. Xtoosovtlt might be taken as the
type cf the American woman; essentially
fenilnlne and dainty In appearance, sho
i-s-s yet er.ourh fondness for outdoor life
and eports to be In touch with the
amuscsients with which her husband Is
\u25a0«Vh«ther ilrn. Roosevelt is entertaining
a csuaa party of quests, presiding- at
icae public entertainment or public func
tion, or alone with her children and their
governess, she Is absolutely the same
Tie only time when she is In any way
different is when surrounded by her very
1! sited circle cf lstimato friends, who are
tritn.Cs cf her childhood, and who oom
pcte a rare circle cf cultivated and intel
lectual women. Their talk is of the lat
est bocks and the leading Interests of the
day.
Bbe Is positive In many ways, with her
own Ideas .firmly " settled as to what
should and should" hot be done. It is
said that when she first went to Albany
and. found .that public receptions devolved
upon her formal handshaking: she an
nounced her' Intention of not shaking
hands with anyone. It was wondered
how she would avoid it, but when the
time cam* for. Mrs. Roosevelt's first pub-
llc reception she was. there to greet her
quests In the most : charmingly affable
fashion, but her hands tightly grasped
a large bouquet. No one could feel of
fended ! at the gracious manner and the
sweet smile and the' few pleasant .words
of greeting^ and ..there "were feW-~" who
noticed that the handshake was omitted.
She haa recognized that It is impossible
to- : jflva i out' "to everybody and' conse-
quently reserves as much strength as she
can. She rarely visits away from home,
and 'although she is by no means a re
cluse, as both she and the President are
fond of going about, she never stays late
THE NEW LADY
OF THE
WHITE HOURS
Sunday
Call
Magazine
SectionRemedies are not usually provided un
less the evil to which they are directed la
in existence, and on the statutes of every
State and Territory are laws. which grant
relief to wives who have borne:
. "Violence attended with danger to life
or health."
"Cruel or barbarous treatment.',*
"Attempt on, life by poison showing:
malice.". * \u25a0 *
•In Missouri a conviction of felony pre
vious to marriage is ground for divorce
afterward if unknown to the innocent
party at the time of marriage. . •
Every State in the union except Virginia
and South Carolina either grants absolute
divorces or legal separations on the
ground of. cruelty, and.it.ia shameful .to
say that most divorces, whether granted
for that reason or not, have counts of
cruelty in them. - **
In every State and Territory of the
Lnion except seven of those which face
on the Atlantic Ocean conviction of a fel
ony is ground for a divorce for the free'
party, and in Maine sentence to imprison
ment for life does of itself dissolve the
marriage-, without legal proceedings for
that purpose. . ;. . : \u25a0' .
_ If. -however, a man living in such a
State have so great a f oneness for the
memory of a departed wife that nothing
will do him but another of the same kind,
then if sister-in-law is willing, they may
p\».ip across the border and marry, to re-;
turn and live happjy together ever after,
unless it happen that they were residents
of Virginia, where the suspicious law
is looking for just such attempts, and
says that if parties wno are affinities
leave that Stale for the purpose of mar
rying in another which has no iegal ob
jections to their union, in such event the
lex loci \u25a0contractu does not apply, and the
couple woyld find themselves wedded but
not married. - .
In some of the Centr.il Western States
particularly there is such a violent prej
udice on the part of the law against
unions with pretty eisters of deceased
wives that the marriage is declared to
te void and of no effect, without legal
proceedings by cither party. In other
words, the mere act of moving into such
a State and living there long enough to
become citizens would, dissolve the.mar
riage if it were not for tho general pro
vision of the law which , recognizes as
valid that which is lefcal where per
fomed. .
Consanguinity is the only ground which
all States agree upon as- ground for dis
solution of marriage, but while blood re
lationship is held by all as a bar, mere
affinity or connection by marriage, step
relatives, that is, or such as the sister of
a deceased wife, may be married in near
ly half of the different States. I In Cali
fornia no. unions are^prosqribedle^c.ept
such as* are within \u25a0 the third degree of
consanguinity, aunts, nephews, etc. The
wedding of those connected by affinity
being permitted :. in about half of the
States. It follows that a' man falling in
love with the sister of. a deceased wife
and marrying her in a State where it was
legal/ would find perhaps on going, to an
adjoining State that .their relations were
only reccgnizeci in obedience to that
courtesy of the lav/ which provides that
an act legal in the country, where per
formed shall be recognized everywhere.
West*. Virginia, all by* itself, takes the
palm for having enacted a statute which
puts men and women on an even footing
as far as purity is concerned. It requires
that men should have led exemplary lives
before marriage, or failing in that, they
must have confessed and received for
giveness from the woman whom they
would marry. - \u25a0 - \u25a0 .
the divorce laws of the different groups
of States, the New England, of course,
leading with the harshest measures, most
restrictions and "oldest age limit under
which it is lawful to marry. The Gulf
and Southwestern States place- less re
strictions upon marriage and less obsta
cles in the way cf its obliteration.
The laws of every State" and Territory
in the Union, excepting South Carolina,
agree upon the fact that infidelity \ is
ground for absolute divorce, and a single
offense is all that is necessary, except ln
North Carolina and Texas, where the hus
band's overt acta must be continued and
notorious to constitute a cause for action.
No such latitude Is allowed to woman
anywhere, and Maryland and West Vir
ginia insist furthermore that she shall
have led a perfect life before marriage
as well, else are the terrors of divorce
ever before her, if her past be discov
ered.
And there is perhaps a reason for both
customs, for masculine life is oft cut
short in the land where the bowie and
the derringer flourish, and feminine
charms fade fast beneath a vertical sun,
•while the emigration of young men from
bleak and rocky New England shores has
left there a plethora of maidens growing
more ancient as each year they sigh.
"He cometh not"; and It la not meet that
eweet sixteen should reap the field and
leave no gleanings.
It Is these variances of climates and
customs, the difference of races and con
ditions, which have caused the lack of
uniformity in the laws made to regulate
In the cold and nipping air of the vi
cinity of Boston, and especially in the
Blue Law region of the Nutmeg State
It is unlawful for the young men and'
maidens to marry until they have arrived
at the mellow age of twenty
one years each, for in the bleak
JCew England air the harvest is
late in ripening. At the other end of
the United States, down where the wa-m
breezes from the Gulf waft the song of
the mocking bird as he sings among the
magmolia blossoms. My Lord Romeo
needs to be but fourteen and Juliet has
but to see the change of a dozen years
when the law will declare that they are
not incontinently wed.
Divorce is purely a matter of the
State's concern, and each has made laws
to suit the taste and temperament of Its
own people.
He does not _ mention any names, but
cites statistics of Cupid and his enemy to
Bhow that in Lcs Angeles County for
every three marriages there is one di
vorce, and more coming in proportion
every year.
*y*r ROLITTOIC of Marriage" is what
f I the Rev. H. B. Kestariek of San
I I Difgo suggests will be the result
I of the present condition of the di-
X vorce iaws of some of the States
of the Union. *vhich by their lack of uni
formity make :t possible for the same
couple to be divorced or married at the
eame time, according to which State they
are in.
Why Does the Episcopal!
. " 'Church W,s3i to "Make- \u25a0
~ .-Its v Diyorcs ''Canons
,; \" ' viicreS^rict'?^
Jhe Right Rsverend j^cr.ry
; pQU:r;Zishcp cf Mew-
1 1 shcujd GGiisidcr' it higlily irri
propsrfor me; toay anything a!
alt about: it," ;
Jhs Right R^ersrd idiiiam
\ ford It chols. Bishop
v of California.
Th*. laws of the various States on
the subject of divorce are not in ac
cord with ths scriptures nor' with
each other. The _ pid increase in
the number cf d;.'orces calls for
fiction ' on the part of the church
which shall sst the best, example and
throw all possible safeguards around
the Christian home, for upon the
strength of that unit dapsnds the
strength of the nation.
Jhe Right S?>yaret ( d Arthur
Crawskay Allistcri JfaJ.
B'shop cf Vzrmcn*.
The efforts of the church will be
to bring its divorce canons into closer
record with the spirit of the script
ures.
No attempt will be made to influ
ence legislation in favor of a national
divorce law. ..',;\u25a0
It is better that by precept and ex
cmple the different States should be
brought to pass laws uniformly good.
Jhe Rght Reverend t&Miam
JtattMcntand. B'shop
of Sacramsn'.o.
The proposed divorce legislation is
in the line of greater strictness. Mar
riags is already guarded most care
fully in the law of the church. K"o
priest is permitted to marry a di
vorced person except the innocsnt
party in a divorce allowed on ths
ground of adultery. It is proposed
.to forbid remarriage even in this case
hereafter on the ground that a con
siderable number of clergy are found
to go behind the record of ths court
to' listen to private pleas alleging
adultery as the true cause of separa
tion, although not so named in the
decree, and so to produce confusion
and favoritism, practically making
the law of no effect in many cases.
It is a weakness of human nature
that in spite of the law there is a ten
dency to yield to sympathy with in
dividual cases of hardship, and thi3
will continue until we remove all am
biguity in the csnon law and state
distinctly that the church shall not
marry any divorced person whatever,
cr take equally clear and undisputed
ground.
I do not understand tint thg
greater strictness proposed is ths re
sult cf a lax:r morality among:
churchmen or of a desirs to evade the
church's discipline by its members.
The people everywhere glory in the
position taken on this grave subject
cf marriage end divorce by the Epis
copal church.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The Woman's SidQ of the
rivorce Question. •
By SSzabeih Cady Sianion,
in tfot th American Re view
FOB an" entire revision of the laws
on divcrce;tha stats proposes a
committee of learned judges, tho
church another \ of distinguished
Bishops, to ; frame a national la*'
which shall be indorsed by both
church and state. Though, -women are
as deeply interested v as men in . this
question there is no. 'suggestion, that
they shall be represented on either
committee. Hence the importance of
some expressions of their opinions
before any changes are made. . •
The States which have liberal di
vorce laws are to women what Canada
was to slaves before emancipation., .",
'Husbands ; can leave ';\u25a0-' the, country
end invest their property in* foreign
lands.' ;Laws /affect only those who
lespect and obey. them. Laws made
to restrain unprincipled men fall
with crushing weight on women..
Because an inexperienced girl has
made a mistake, shall she be denied
the right "to marry, again? . : J
We can trace the icy fingers of the
canon law through all our most
sacred relations. Through, the evil
influence of that law the church holds
the key to the situation and is de
termined to keep it.
the marriage relation or its discontinu
ance.
Then, too, the people of some States
are much more sensitive than others. In
New Hampshire it is necessary that a
man shall beat his wife almost to death,
cr at least until there Is danger of her
lot-ing her reason, before she can be
released frcm him by divorce. In Cali
fornia the law is so merciful that if cruel
man even puts upon his dainty partner
such slight affront as shall hurt her
tender feelings and cause grievous mental
suffering, then will the chivalrous law
give her freedom and besides that, in the
discretion of the court, take all of the un
feeling brute's property away from him
and bestow it upon her to soothe her
anguish.
Down in the southeast corner of the
United States, where the palmetto waves
over the rice fields, there is a regular
lovers' paradise, or hades, whichever it
may prove to be. There the iron chains
of the law re-enforce the lacy links which
Hymen weaves, and only grim death has
power to part when hearts once beat in
unison.
There in South Carolina, not for the
love of money or for the lack of it
cither Is a divorce to be had. No divorce,
absolute or otherwise; no separation, no
alimony, none of those dreary funerals
of love when the divorce lawyer comes
In as Cupid's undertaker. Cupid may die
in the house,' but he cannot get a death
certificate nor permit for Christian burial
in South Carolina. It is against the law
of the, land.
Of course, where for any reason the
marriage 1 .was void ab initio, that is
where the partiep had not power to con
tract owing to existing Impediment such
as consanguinity, then the courts of
South Carolina will declare that a mar
riage never existed. But if once the
parties were properly joined, then no
subsequent misbehavior is ground for
either divorce or separation, it is an
ideal condition from a clerical point of
view and is, according to clerical be'ier
the only way to make a strong, sound
nation-
There is a general similarity between
Youth is no hindrance to marriage In
Colorado, Florida. Pennsylvania. -Rhode
Island and South Carolina, but in all
other States there is an age limit runnin"
from 12 to 21 years on the part of femaleS
and 14 to 21 year3 on the part of males
'Failure to provide for wife and familv
is not deemed a sufficient shortcoming tu
o"f V !he a Mate"s. r diV ° rCe ln ° Ver
Remarriage 13 permitted by all excerv
a few States. And so 13 the story tW*
same in the end as when it began fof
divorces usually end in marriages. *
. A marriage made while there is another
Husband or wife already in existence is
yciu ab initio, makes the offender liable
for bigamy and is an offense which, all
the country across, gets no sympathy
from either law or lady.
Insanity is not coi-sidered cause for
separation in Colorado. Connecticut or
Texas, although it is in every other State
and Territory.
The intermarriage of blacks, whites,
rectskina and yellow Mongols is generally
prevented by lav.- in the Western, South
and Southwestern" States, where tha
color line is drawn around Chinese.
Indians and negroes to prevent them,
from spoiling the color of the white race
Curiously enough this objection fade3
away as the East is reached, and in
European countries is almost unknown,
wherefrom result some, to us, apparently
strange misalliances, which are ther*
looked upon merely as bizarre and., inter
esting.
Of course it is soraeth-npr of an implied
compliment to be the subiect of larceny
a3 indicating value, but the wretch who
defrauds adds the insult of deception tK
the injury of Infliction of his compan/ ,
upon his victim. -J
Evidently girls are hard to get there,
for force ancl fraud in pcttlr.s a wife la
ground for divorce everywhere else in the
wide land, and as "he who takes what
isn t his'n whan he's caught goes straight
to prison," if it happens to 'be an inani
mate jewel or a living beast, why should
no te excused for stealing a living jewel?
Because of his good taste perhaps?
But what of the lady, if she did not
want to be stolen?
in Tennessee, where he Is excused if he
contracted the habit before marriage
In Colorado, Florida, Maine, Mississippi
and Rhcd9 Island the adage that all la
fair in love and war is recognized by
law, and the good eld way of getting a
wife by force--. or fraud still holds Its
sway and a wifo so obtained cannot seek
relief on the prouBd that she did not
consent.
In A ermont it is evident that men are
not the sole offenders in regard to cruel
and inhuman behavior, for there the law
says that "Cruel and inhuman conduct in
either of the parties" warrants it in open
ing the door of the matrimonial case and
letting out the henpecked party. Pennsyl
vania also pities the plight of" the victims
of ferocious fair ones and grants the re
lief, of freedom "where a wife by cruel
and barbarous treatment renders the con
dition of husband intolerable."
The horse which has gone to the water
does not have to drink, and despite the
strength of marriage ties they a-e onlv
morally binding, any who wish to leave
have but to "wink and walk awav" if
they choose, so desertion is ground for
either absolute divorce or legal se-i-ir
ation in every State except the always
excepted South Carolina. 13
Michigan puts a slight upon thf»
divorces granted in other States bv c-ill
ir.g it merely desertion on the p'nrt"of th*
absent party .who secured It and offarinS
to grant a nice home-made second
divorce to the one who stayed at hom«
thereby implying that they were not a?'
vorccd, enly deserted before
Beware, therefore, of "Over" the Gra**"
widows and widowers from Michigan lest
marrying them and returning the"? it
might be found that the other party hart
not secured the entitled separation
Habitual devotion to the E of
Bacchus is not considered ground for di
vorce in Arizona, Maryland, New Jers^V-
Vermont or Virginia;' but in 111 oTher
States,, if a gentleman goes on a spre
lasting more than a year, he is held »X
have fallen from Hymn's srlc^licept
California and a few of the "Western
States recognise- the fact that woman
have sufficient mental development to
render them capable of mental suffering
more acute than physical, and in accord
ance with that the infliction of grievous
mental suffering is gTound for reiie'' of
the afflicted party.
plain of. If her lord only subjects her to
inhuman treatment for five months she
should be able to grin and bear It, as the
divorce law does not take It worth while
to attend v to her case. 80, if Kentucky
gentlemen will only bsat their wives twice
a year ana not keep it up for more than
tive months at a time the divorce law,
with its attendant loss of property need
have no terrors for them.
In Iowa the cruelty must be such as
endangers the life of the wife before she
can demand her freedom. No wonder
that some writer has called the lives of
such women "the serfdom of the white
slaves."
In Kentucky It is considered by the law
that "inhuman treatment for six months"
Is little enough time for a wife to com-
2
PRVULISTIYIRD
OF THE DIVORCE
LAWS OF VARIOUS
STATESAmong the odd changes brought about
by tho succession of King Edward VII is
yellow silk. The very front Is tucked In
the tiniest baby tucks and in the V shape
as a matter of course. The scrolls of in
sertion that seem to wander at will. about
the skirt meet at the top of the V and
then commence their travels all over
again.* There Is the usual" pleating and
the bread Insertion and then the same
over and over again, but the lace on the
bottom is much broader than the usual
run on petticoats. The lovely thing about
these skirts Is the flufffluff. Any amount
of material Is put in ,them— enough to
make two plain ones — but when the outer
skirt is held up part of the petticoat, is
held up with it and the rest of it follows
the feet in and out.
Once in a while it dawns upon the in
tellect that a serviceable skirt is abso
lutely indispensable. A black and white
brocade is Just the ticket. -With a black
background the wear and tear does not
show half as much as might reasonably
be expected. Four ruffles of 'black lace
over white make a swell finish, and if
more color is wanted a tiny white ruche
adds very decidedly to the prettv, but not
much in the way of service.
topped off by a tucked bias band apd a
bow of white ribbon.
One good enough to eat is made of a
soft shade of pink. An ordinary ruffle
begins the fluff, but it is carried out in a
scalloped effect with a full accordeon
pleating. The same scalloped effect Is
carried out in the two pleated ruffles fhni
border the very bottom of the skirt. To
make the design more noticeable, a nar
row black silk feather braid outlines it.
It is the very swaggerest thing that one
can possibly Imagine.
One'-'to keep it excellent company is
made of blue. The ruffle is divided into
squares and every square is tucked in
four different directions. The center of
the square is a square of lace outlined
with gold and black velvet baby ribbon
crossed in as many ways. The same ef
fect is carried out all through the skirt.
The underneath, ruffle .has two narrow
black ribboned ruffles that show plainly
through tho zigzags. '
As light skirts have - been so popular,
most of the new ones seent to be in the
delicate tints. While many of them are
made of the taffeta, once in a while a
swell brocade finds its way into a fit and
tine wardrobe. A yellow brocade is aw
fully dainty and more serviceable than a
There is another dream of a white one,
too. The main ruffle reaches about to the
knees. This skirt., is made with the V
shaped pieces also. There are twelve Vs
tucked all over and all pointing down.
Then the lace and ribbon commences
making Vs In exactly the opposite direc
tion from the taffeta ones. The lace gets
fuller and fuller until the last two rows
run all about the skirt and fall in a per
fi'Ct billow about the feet. The ruffle is
The skirt Is lined throughout with the
taffeta; In fact, all of them are. and the
knife pleating and the inner ruffle make
the laces stand out beautifully. These
petticoats, by the way, all fasten in the
front with baby pearl buttons. They fit
snugly over the hips, the only fullness be
ing at tho back, which is held in place by
a draw string.
A lovely thing is made of white taf
feta. There are seven rows of lace in
sertion, and" between each row a V-s-haped
strip of white satin. . The tiny V-shaped
pieces are held In position by a strand of
gold braid that comes from the top of the
billow and end3 in the mass of lace .that
fluffs about the bottom* The two lower
pieces of ribbon are edged with the gold,
also the tiny ruching at the top of the
rulfie.
But fichus are not the only things that
are attracting attention, judging from the
people that have been looking at the pet
ticoats in the White House windows. The
Fkirts this year arc marvels— just the
prettiest things that can be imagined, by
far too dainty and pretty to be covered
Up.
Some of the new lace and chiffon ficHJis
have the end3 very long and knotted,
while the soft folds on the shoulders are
caught and held in place with small rhine
stone buckles.
The newest fichus are made of chiffon
and are soft and billowy, with perfect
masses of plealings, edged with tiny ruf
fles. As black and white is so universally
the rage this year the black and white
ones seem to be the smartest, and some
times the long ends are ruffled en cas
cade. An effective trimming is a tiny
black cord run through the narrow hem
of white chiffon pleatlngs. It give3 It a
smart finish, oesides a little stiffness.
Spotted net or veiling has gained consid
erable popularity, especially in the mag
pie combinations, which are not at all
striking, and yet possess a decided air of
fitness. .
The Marie Antoinette fichu is always
pretty and effective for. bridesmaids'
gowns.
The American girls are natural born
borrowers; then they twist and pu'.l and
return the loan with good and valuable
"pointers." From our Cuban sisters we
caught the fancy of wearing black lace
scarfs, Carmen fashion, but the Cubans
never thought of using them as drapes
and shoulder wraps.
What is good for one purpose is gener
ally good for another, and if our southern
friends found bUfficient warmth in them
for mantillas and evening hoods the
American girl could go her one better and
use them as shoulder wraps. This is a
time when pride has to work diligently to
keep warm.
And the stout women is benefited, too.
A dainty liberty scarf in a delicate tint
will helu vastly to shade off a too great
burden of flesh, but it requires a skill
ful adjustment to produce the desired
effects.
It will make her look broader and big
ger and add to her entire appearance the
tone she lacked.
To a young woman with high color and
well developed neck and shoulders, a soft,
filmy fichu Is just the thing to tone down
her bad points and brin? to welcome
prominence the softened, finer qualities.
A slender woman, whose thin, narrow
chest is a source of secret annoyance and
worry to her, will find in a fichu a hun
dred suggestions of help that are positive
charms.
See the scope of the artless scrap of
flimsy stuff. Look at "a wjiite-haired wo
man and notice what a sweet dignity it
adds, yet at the same time it gives her a
look of youthfulness, both in face and
figure.
Maybe it is because these bits of lace
may be arranged in so many ways and
impart so many different effects, or per
haps it is because they are widely recog
nized as being vastly becoming to nine
out of ten women.
long since regarded as their own. It is
in such places Lhat bits of hand-wrought
Chantilly, almost priceless with age, are
found.
They have been worn as long as our
grandmothers can remember. They adorn
ed the dainty girls who went sedately
through the mazes of the mintiet and
looked just about the same as they do on
the girls of to-day when they are enthu
siastic over a. two-step or a dreamy
waltz.
You wore them In your school days,
\u25a0when for the first time you wore your
hair on the top cf your head and folded
about the modestly cut neck of a simple
evening gown a long scarf of lace that
you called a, "bertha." To-day, however,
there is a demand for the old-time fichu,
and the fancy seems to run particularly
to old laces and cobwebby scarfs.
Kow is the time to visit the dark corners
of the attic and to ruthlessly ransack old
trunks and chests that the spiders have
pie reason t><»* It is too universally be
coming.
There is scarcely a face, be it ever so
\u25a0fhin and angnlar, or a neck that cannot
be softened down and made to lose the
harshness of its expression by the adjust
ment of a few soft folds of chiffon or
lace.
Sir Gervaise Clifton, whose history of
Jamaica is one of the finest books of Its
kind in existence, married no less than
seven times, and each time selected his
lady from among his domestic servants.
The seventh Lady Clifton outlived h.er
lord, but the other six he buried In a
family mausoleum which cost $250,000.
Thomas Day, the author of the famous
book, "Sanford and Merton," selected two
girls, one from a poorhouse and one from
a foundling asylum, and took them into
his house as domestics. He proposed to
both of them in turn. One rejected his
suit. The other promised to marry him,
but subsequently withdrew her promise
on account of his eccentricities. Day,
however, admired the girl's courage and
settled a dowry of $2500 upon her, at the.
same time deciding to remain a bachelor.
But more illustrious than all these ex
amples Is that of Peter the Great. One
day the founder of the Russian empire,
the great and terrible Peter, was dining
at the house of Prince Menshikoff. He
noticed one of the serving maids particu
larly and, though she was not handsome.
she caught the fancy of Peter. Her name,
the Prince told the Czar, was Martha.
She had been a servant In the house of a
Lutheran minister of Marienburg, an«i
when that city was captured by the troops
of Russia she had been taken prisoner by
General Bauer, who had passed her over
to the Prince, whose serf she was. The
Count politely made a present of her to
the Czar, who eventually married her. re
named her Catherine, and she reigned
after him as Catherine I. Empress of OH
the Russias.— New York Press.
GREAT MEN WHO HAVE
MARRIED SERVANT GIRLS
THE man out West who caused hia
family great pain and anger the oth
er day by marrying his servant girl
can plead the example of many cele
brated men as an extenuation or a Justi
fication of his act. There waa "William
Cobbett, the great writer and the "liber
ator of the English press," as he Is fre
quently called. He was only 21 years of
age when, walking cut in the streets ot
Halifax. Nova Scotia, one morning, he
chanced to see a buxom servant girl bus
jly engaged in washing the family linen.
The girl, though only 13 years of age, wa3
pretty, so Cobbett spoke to her, learned
her name, and the same evening called
upon her parents and said he would like
to marry their daughter. This is probably
the origin of the expression, "This is so
sudden," which blushing maidens have
made use of ever since. The parents of
the girl informed the young man that
they had no objection to him as a son
in-law, but that-he would have to wait
until their daughter was of a marriage
able age. Accordingly Cobbett gave tha
girl all the money he had, which amount
ed to $700, and she went to England and
became a domestic in the family of a
clergyman. Five years later Cobbett re
turned to England and married her.
Sir Henry Parkes, Premier of New
South Wales, is another example. On»
night, when dining at a friend's house,
he was struck by the appearance of a
servant girl who waited upon the table,
and persuaded his host to allow her to
enter his employ. This she did, and for
a short time held the position of cook in
Sir Henry's household. Then his love for
her overcame all conventionalities and ha
made her Lady Parkes.
WINTER Is coining with a ruen
and with it are flying In a my
riad of Ideas for winter frocks
and their numerous acquisi
tions.
Ther« never bas "been and there never
•will be a time when the fichu will be ai>
eokrtely relegated to the regions of the
obsolete, the past and gone, for the sim-
that while Victoria's face on British golfl
coins looked to the left King Edwaxd'a
looks to the right. This Is in accordance
\u25a0with a long established custom that makea
each successive sovereign face the oppo
site way on the coins from his or her pre
decessor.
THE SUNDAY OAX1I1.
THE FICHU AND ITS FASCINATION
3• Elder & Shep?.rd of San Francisco have
published a little collection of lines and
"The Composite Man," by E. H. Pratt,
A. M., M. D., LL. D., Is an elementary
work on general anatomy "given in the
form " of colloquial lectures for the very
non-professional person, who . merely
knows that his body Is a sort of mixture
of bones, muscles, vein tubes and nerves.
The book contains - fourteen plates in
color, each one showing how any one of
of the fourteen different systems of the
The Composite Man.
"When Love Files Out o' the Window,"
by Leonard Merrick, is the latest in the
Town and Country Library published by
D. Appleton & Co., New York. Mr. Mer
rick gives us here a very pretty love story
of a devoted couple who are finally sep
arated by poverty and the husband's
pride. The .young fellow is a bright and
deserving chap, but ill luck seems to hover
over his footBteps. He is an author pos
sessing literary, genius, but it Is- difficult
for two robust young people to subsist on
talent alone. 'His wife attempts to make
the living, but the man becomes jealous
of the life that she has to lead on the
stage. With money all would have gone
right, but the poverty virtually separates
A Love Story.
The first in the set 'Is "Our Little Japa
nese Cousin." -The others are "Our Little
Brown Cousin," "Our Little Indian Cous
in" and "Our, Little Russian Cousin." In
each book the life of the child of that
particular country is taken up in pleasing
detail and treated with charming deli
cacy. The author picks out just the little
differences of home life that will delight
the younger mind. For that matter, the
books will .appeal to the grown-ups as
well. (Published by. L. C. Page & Co.,
Boston. Set $2 40.). ; ,
As nice a present as you can find for
youngsters from 8 to 14 years of age is
"The Little Cousin Series," by Mary
Hazel ton "Wade. Four books make up the
series, all well bound, tastefully illus
trated and packed in a substantial white
pasteboard box.
Little Cousin Series.
"A Maid of Venice" will be the title of
F. Marion Crawford's new novel to be
published^by the Macmlllan Company.
The period, of the story is the end of the
fifteenth century, when the Queen of the
Adriatic was nearing the time of her
A novel by the author of "An English
Woman's Love Letters," entitled "A
Modern Antaeus," is announced on Dou
bleday, Page & Co.'s autumn list. Sev
eral of. the first chapters are already in
type and some who have read them think
they find an answer' to the most often re
peated auestion in the "Love Letter"
mystery, "Why wasn't there a mar
riage?". The Antaeus of the story, like
the Antaeus of old, grows strong by con
tact with the earth and a weirdly vivid
imagination Iead3 him into strange adven
tures and still stranger acquaintances
with certain representatives of the other
sex, varying considerably in degree of so
cial position.
Cyrus Townsend Brady, author of "For
Love of Country," etc., has just finished
work on a short novel -which will appear
In, the Century Magazine, beginning with
November. It is a dramatic sketch In
four parts— "Barbarossa"— and will be Il
lustrated by the accomplished German
artist, Werner Zehrae. Ernest Seton-
Thompson will contribute "The Legend of
the White , Reindeer" to an early number
of the same magazine. It Is said to be* a
thrilling story of the north.
Iiiterary Notes.
ILLUSTRATIONS FROM
"The Private Life
of the Sultan."
(Copyrighted, 1901, by D. Appleton & Co.)
them. The author brings all around to
end well 'finally, so we have a good story
and in addition a moral between the lines.
Mr. Merrick also wrote "The Worldlings,"
"The . Actor Manager," "Cynthia— A
Daughter of the Philistines," etc. Price
$1.00. - . . \u25a0
' The preface to this little volume, "The
Golden Treasury of American Songs and
Lyrics," edited by Frederic Knowles. ex
plains its end in a few words. "The nu
merous collections of American verse
share, I think, one fault in common: they
include too much. "Whether this has been
a bid for : popularity, a concession to
Phlllstia, '' I cannot say; but tho
fact remains that all anthologies of
American poetry are, so far as I know,
more or less uncritical. The aim of the
present book is different. In no case has
a poem been included because it is widely
known.. The purpose " of this compilation
is solely that of preserving, in attractive
and permanent form, about one hundred
and sixty of the best lyrics of America."
One hundred-- and sixty is narrowing
American lyric writing down to a pretty
fine point, and the result tells the tale.
The book is skimmed cream of the cream-
Jest consistency; there is not a poem In it
that was not written to last while poetry
lasts.
A feature worthy of ijote is the includ
ing of several poems which we know best
• as songs— as "for instance, "The Old Ken
tucky Home.", These would rarely be in
cludedin a volume of poetry, but deserve
a place there, as Mr. Knowles plainly
shows. (Published by I* C. Page & Co.,
Boston. Price $1.)
Treasury of American Songs.
("The Private Life of the Sultan of Tur
key" is published by D. Appleton & Co.,
New Tork. The translation is by Arthur
Hornblow. Price Jl 20.) .
B. G. LATHROP.
The time they cannot "kill" they abandon
to sadness, and they think unceasingly of
their far-distant country, their forsaken home,
the long-lost parents, the gloomy future, the
impossible lover, the old master, depressing
and urly. \u25a0 \u25a0 f
and put them up to all kinds of tricks or ex-
C.*^ ....... .„ >,.aiai .*•»._.,_ lUe.uoolVeS. — »ll
short, try everything to pass away the time.
Lying on divana or silk-covered sofas, squat
ting on Boukara rugs in careless altitudes that
set off the symmetrical lines of their bodies
and exciresB eloquently enough the sadness o£
their empty existence, most of them j follow
with their eyes the blue spirals formed by
the perfumed smoke of their cigarette or narg
hiljh, and toy with a hand covered with rings
with the amber beads of their tesbih. Others
sip syrups, partake of sorbets, munch ice,
chew gum or suck a thousand kinds of sweet
meats. They all love sweetmeats, tobacco,
flowers, Derfumes, especially musk and violet,
of which the Sultan is particularly fond, and
which they affect to care for more than any
other. They adore Angrora cats, parrots, doves:
coffee, cards and suggestive stories. They
crave two things, because they are prohibited
and because they are women— wine and raki
(that is likewise made from the grape), which
the kindness of a eunuch sometimes procures
for • them.
ting to memory, even those of- Mark
Twain, which read". "The holy passion of
friendship is of so sweet and steady and
loyal and enduring a nature that it will
last through a whole lifetime if not asked
to lend money." (Price 50 cents.)- •-
ANJOJAIj REPORT OF THB BMTTH
SONION INSTITUTION— For th» year endln*
June 30, 1900. Published at the Government
Printing Office, Washington.
THE EEARS OF BLUB RTVER-By Charles
Major. Doubleday & McClure Company Xew
York. U 25.
THE OUTLAWS OF HORSESHOE HOLE—
By Francis Hill. Charles Scribner*! Sons,
New York. Jl.
VIEWS OF AN EX-PRESIDENT— By Benja
min Harrison. The Bowen-MerriU Company,
\u25a0Indianapolis. $3.
LINCOLN IN STORT-By Silas &O. Pratt. D.
Apple ton & Co., New Tork- 75c.
THE PRIVATE LIFE OF THE STTL.TAN—
By Georges Dorys, translated by Arthur
Hornblow. D. Appleton & Co., New Tor*.
U 20.
A NEST OF LJNNETS— By Frankfort
Moore. D. Appleton & Co.. New Tork.
MADAME ANGORA-By Harriet A.
Cheever. Dana Estes & Co.. Boston. 60c
THE GRASSHOPPER'S HOP— By Zitella
Cocke. Dana Estes & Co., Boston. 50c.
WHO'S WHO IN AMERICA-A Biographical
Dictionary of Notabls Llvinsr Men and
Women of the United States. Edited by Johif
Leonard. A. N. Marquis & Co.. Chicago. $2 75.
CAPS AND CAPERS-By Oabrlelle E. Jack
son. Henry Altemus Company, Philadel
phia. $i.
.GALOPOFF— By Tudor Jenk». Henry Al
temus Company, Philadelphia. JL
Books Received.
People who imagine that the "sand
wich" is limited to the usual funny paper
traln-eatlng-house-dlet of "ham sand
wich" should spend a few minutes looking
into the "Ona Hundred and One Sand
wiches," by May E. Southworth. The
author has compiled 101 different varieties
of the genus sandwich, and even if you
have just finished a hearty dinner you
cannot -fall to find a dozen ar so among
the varieties that will make you hungry
just to read the- recipes.
The .book is very artistically. bound and
the leaves are printed on, one side only,
whiph makes it a matter of easy reading
when hungry people are waiting. Tho
classification covers every sandwich twist
ever heard of— fish; egg, salad, meat,
sweet, nut and. cheese. (Published by
Elder. & Shepard, San Francisco. Price
B0 cents.)" •
101 Sandwiches.
The book Is a credit to Its publishers,
and ia well designed for a gift. (Pub
lished by the Blue Sky Press, Chicago.)
Peattie then continues: "What that ex
perience was it has been pastime to imag
ine. So, with no disrespect to the master,
here is the tale, which may or may not
be true."
The tale is poetically conceived and
quaintly phrased, being a sad little love
ptory thoroughly in keeping with the per
sonality of Jacques. The "impertinence"
is entirely forgivable, for it ia written in
a spirit of true appreciation. Dainty bits
of description lend charm, as:
"I wore the flagging smooth in front of
that grim pile where my dear mistress
dwelt, and every night I and one love
lorn owl that flapped above the eaves kept
watch o'er her. Amiens! Mark how that
bird soars !'. Watch it, Amiens! So soared
my soul in those sweet ' days that I am
telling of!"
Thereupon conversation ensues which
excites the lady's curiosity. In the end,
"confesses Jacques, 'I have had my ex
perience.' "
"In the first scene of the fourth act ot
•As You Like It," " runs the introduction,
"Jacques comes upon Rosalind.
" 'I pray thee, pretty youth,' says he,
'let me become better acquainted with
thee.' :
"Rosalind protests: 'They say you are
a melancholy fellow.' "
"How Jacques Came Into the Forest" of
Arden," is a auaint fancy by Ella W.
Peattie. The author calls It neither ro
mance nor essay, but "an Impertinence,"
and so, no doubt," many conservative
readers will dub it when they read Its
explanation of itself.
A Quaint Fancy.
on life and of \u25a0what vital imoprtaxice each
Is to the others. The book is intended to
make people take better care of their
bodies and to have more respect for their
physical selves. The illustrations are by
Dr. Frederick *H. Williams. (Published in
Chicago, 111.)
Dancing in all, the forms that it assumes in
the Orient is very popular in the harem, and
Is the principal mode of amusement— Turkish
d&nces to the accompaniment of \u25a0 timbrels.
• • •
'An Intrigue In Yildiz at the present time is
an impossibility. Imprisoned within a double
row of high and thick walls, the women of
the Seraglio live In an extraordinary world
of their own to which no man, except the
grand Turk, has ever access. .. ''
The Seraglio of the Sultan Medjid -was for
merly the theater of indescribable orgies. . the
women being badly looked after and having
no hand to restrain them. His successor, Ab
dul Aziz, jealous as a tiger. Introduced reform,
but the Imperial harem has never been con
ducted so etrictly, so exclusively . or bo. re
spectably, bo to speak, as under the present
Sultan.
According to the religious law no Mussul
man may marry more than four legitimate
wives (Viikiahly). In addition to these four
wives he may have as many slaves (djarie)
as his means permit — slaves who share his
couch and whose children are as legitimate an
those of the wives. The law is the same for
the Callpha as for the most humble of his
subjects.- According to very ancient custom,
the Sultan nevel. marries a girl of good fam
ily, but selects hie four wives only among his
slaves.
The monthly salary list of the staff at YIN
diz recresents a sum of £35,000 Turkish, or
about fieo.CCO.
The author has this to say on the sub
ject of polygamy and the imperial harem:
Polygamy tends more and more to disappear
in Turkey, not only owing to the spread of
Occidental ideas, but also and more especially
on account of its great cost. The rapid and
constant increase in the expenses of modern
life renders more and more burdensome the
enormous outlay necessitated by the mainte
nance of several women, and in spite of his
sensuality the Oriental is drifting rapidly
toward monogamy, with which he will Boon be
compelled to be contented.
Few nowadays are those pashas who, as
much by tradition as personal predilection, in
dulge in the barbarous luxury of a harem.
It goes without saying that first among these
privileged beings we find the commander of
the faithful, who, in fact,' owns a living col
lection of the most precious specimens of Ori
ental beauty.
la Yildiz live, without counting tho 7C0O
men composing the Imperial Guard, more than
ECOO human beings; the women of his harem
and their suite, the slaves and eunuchs ; th«
princes, his sons, their household and servants;
then his •\u25a0hamberlalns. aids-de-camu, body,
guards, musicians, rardeners, cooks, grooms,
domestics, valets, stable boys, etc. In this
number are not counted the numerous work
men — maEons, careenters, etc. — who live ouU
side the ralace.
\u25a0\Ve will mention here enly the case of ona
of his rardeners who. working cne day in tho
park of Yildi*. en seeing the Sultan approach
unexpectedly, rose Quickly from a stooping
posture to assume a respectful attitude. Ab
dul Hamid. startled at his sudden appearance
and suspecting some evil motive, at once flreU
at him. The unfortunate man exjlred Boon
after, and as no weapon was found upon him
It had to be acknowledged that a blunder had
been committed.
That the Sultan's palace is a veritable
city wiH be seen from the following:
We might eniarse on tnis subject and enum
erate a hundred other barbarities of which
Ylldi: !s the theat?r. We will confine our
selves, however, to the statement that every
torture, the most classical and the newest, tlu
inost brutal as well as the most refined and
•'{\u25a0(.ientifically Chinese," is affectionately culti
vated In this garden of punishments.
M. Dorys says that the Sultan often
executes summary justice himself. He is
a splendid shot and always carries three
revolvers hidden In different parts of his
clothing. If anything occurs to startle
him into the belief of a possible assassi
nation he always shoots first and then
inquires into the causc3 for his belief
afterward. Here is an example:
It was to this torture, they eey. ,w~as
subjected the eunuch Mouzaffer Agha, exile.1
laft year to Mecca on the ridiculous charge
of havins divulged Yililiz secrets to the Brit
ish embassy. Deprivation of sleep is also n
punishment often inflicted by .M:iij=hal Zekkl
Pafha at the military school, and it often oc
curs that the unfortunate cadets punished i.i
this way beccme mad.
bpdy, and which has the advantage of caus
ing horrible sufferingr. yet rarely proving fatal;
however, several prisoners subjected ,to it, un
nble to stand the pain, expired in the execu
tioner's hands. Another punishment, also n«?w
and more atrociously refined, corisiEts In the
application of eggs, bulling hot, under the arm
pits. There is no agony more intense, It Is
said, and the suffering it causes upsets cneV
constitution so profoundly and wrecks so ut
terly the nervous system that the unfortunates
condemned to submit to it are feoon seized wfih
madness. • \u25a0 •.
verses under the caption "Friendship"
that should prove a most welcome aid to
the present seeker. The artistic appear
ance of this pamphlet Is enough to attract '
and hold the eye for a glance into its con
tents,.and once within its covers the beau
tiful thoughts there expressed will- ap-»
peal most strongly to every human" being,
—for .what is greater than true friend
ship? The quotations are taken from
here, there and everywhere, but the 'pub
lishers are deserving of the highest com
pliment In the matter of selection, for
every one of the lines is worth commit-
"the private ..KJFe Illllislttliii
And the sub-conscious man: which all
blend in to make the one that we see.
Each one of the elementary men is
credited with a speech in which he ex
plains his share in the work of carrying
The muscular man. \u25a0 *
The arterial man.
The venous man.
The lymphatic man.
The skin man.
The connective tissue man.
The cerebro-spinal man. \
The tubular man.
The sympathetic man.
The organic man.
The conscious man.
The author divides the body Into four
teen different systems and gives a picture
of each one. He calls them:
The bony man.
body is in itself the form of a complete
human being, and that the complete man
is really a composite of the fourteen, all
irrterlaced and twined among each other,
in one compact, sympathetic, interde
pendent mass.
To a- person who la sensitive about his
internal organs, the reading of the book
is apt to produce that disagreeable im
pression of bodily self-consciousness
which makes him wonder if there is not
come danger of one of the complex valves
of his. heart getting out of order and
sticking fast shut. . - J
NOW comes the most startling book
that has appeared for many a
day. M. Georges Dorys is to the
fore in the literary world with
"The Private Life of the Sultan."
First, a little about who M. Dorys is.
We are told that Dorys after all is but a
pseudonym and that this young man who
has dared to write of the inner life of
"the King of Kings, the shadow of God
upon earth, the sole arbiter of the desti
nies of the world, master of the two con
tinents and the two seas, sovereign of the
Orient and th2 Occident," etc., is none
other than the son of the . late Prince
Samos, one of the Sultan's Ministers and
at one time Governor of Crete.
That M. Dorys has written daringly is
shown by the lack of favor \u25a0with -which
the Sultan regards the publication of the
bock. It is said that he has appealed to
the different governments where the book
has appeared and asked that it be sup
pressed. In Sweden he prevailed upon
the authorities to , prohibit sales of the
\u25a0work and to raid houses for copies. Fur
ther, he condemned to death the author
and probably the sentence would have
been carried cut had not M. Dorys left
hurriedly fcr a foreign country.
It is not a nice story that M. Dorys has
to tell of his Imperial Highness Abdul
Hamid II of Turkey, and the wrath of
the object of these attacks can well be
imagined. The author seems to have been
very close to tho life in the Yildiz Palact
2n fact, he had the opportunity of ac
quiring: information at. first hand— first
through his father and then through his
own position a-; sub-correspondent of the
London Times.
M. Dorys finally became ,too interested
in the "wrong" tide of politics to please
the Sultan, and consequently was obliged
to leave hurrifdly for Paris, where the
present book v.-js written. Undoubtedly
M. Dorys has no love for the Sultan of
Turkey, and possibly many of his state
ments may be regarded by 'readers as in
spired by personal animus. Through the
eyes of the author Abdul Hamid II cer
tainly does not show to advantage.
He pictures him as cunning, crafty;
merciless, a believer in magic and su
perstitious to a degree, and a man who
lives in constant fear of his life. He tells
•us that the Sultan has such a dread of
the darkness that he always has the Yil
dlz Park brilliantly lighted; that he is
terrified by silence, and consequently has
an armed force marching up and down
•in froni of his window all night: spies re
port to him at al! hours of the night, and
woe betide the man or woman of whom
he becomes suspicious; that even the fire
department n» 7 >st get his permission be
fore attending a lire, and it is even sa'.d
that the official permission is very slow
in coming when the house happens to be
long to one of the suspected.
All of these things and many more M.
Dorys brings oU in his book on the Sul
tan. A large part of the book is anec
dotal, which always imparts interest to a.
work of this character.
There is this to bo -said for the good
faith of M. Dorys — newspaper dispatches
End reports from other sources bear out
the truth of many of his statements; at
any rate his book Is well worth reading.
Those who wish can discredit * the
author's tales of cruelty on the part of
Turkey's niter and still find much in
the work that is both instructive and in
teresting.
That some of the high officials realized
a mistake had been made at the begin
ning of Abdul Hamid's reign would ap
pear from the following:
"It .took ire three months to know AMul
.Aziz: 'hree hours wfre sufficient to Judse Ab
dul Harflirt." said the former Grand Vizier,
>!ehm«5 Ruchdi Pasha, one day to his friend.
Akif PasSuu alludlns to the first audience
\u25a0which tl e Pulian granted htm the day follow
ir.g Ms proclamation. On coming out from
This interview, which vas a long one, Ruchdi
•nas sn convinced thst he raid to the famous
MahmouJ Djelaleddir Paj-ha. who. in his
quality as Grand Referendary of the SHiblime
Port*, had accompanied him to the Imperial
. PaJace: "Our n?w master has all faults im-
K£ir.ah!e and Dret-jmption into, the bargain;
he is lenorar!! of everything and thinks h*
know* It all." And ths Grand Vijter added,
with the air of a man filled with reitret and
s-adres-f. HaJtittik (what a blunder we have
-made)!
Here is a graphic description of Abdul
\u25a0Hamid II— the man— according to* the pen
cf M. Dorys:
Time has worked ereat chances j n hl»
Jtajesty'* appearance, and it Is only with «lir
j f culty th£t one can now reccjmize In him
' tht Prince Harr-id re^res?r.ted ia the portrait
! tai:en of him at the time he mounted ths
lhrone.
His jaws have grown broader, eivtns to hla
face a brutality it aid not have before; the
cheek tones, formerly unnoticeable. protrude
rrcrr.inently on hollow cheeks, v.'hich have
been covered for more than twentv vesrs by
a sfcort beard, now quite gray, and which he
himself dyes very clumsily various shades of
brown and brownish rid with a mixture of
coffee and rail-nut, tie recipe for which was
.given him by a sheik.
His forehead bulges out slightly and he con
•efeals his baldness under the enormous fez
\u25a0which he has mads fashionable in Turkey,
acl the form, size and color of which make
the ecxadated i.aJenr*s of his face seem even
more eickly.
His nose has become more hocked. A Btronser
ir.UEtache. also dyed, which his delicate, and
thin !:smd oiten caresses with a mechanical
future, now conceals almost entirely the up
per Ho. which 1s thin and crueL The lower
h:> has becorce still thicker and has accentu
ated his immI expression. The line of cru
elty which completes the character of thin
mouth, to interestins for the physiognomist,
is also deeper and more apparent.
The flattened tenures, with the widely sep
arated orbit*, have become more hollow, and
in the depth* of the eyes, now half hidden
tinder the drooping eyelids and heavy lashes.
*»ems to be smoldering the vacillating flame
of his e lance.
The eyes are the most disconcerting part of
t.tus complex physiognomy. Reflecting usually
uneasy melancholy and falseness, at other
times they •will stare fcr a long time Into
vacancy as though absorbed in thought, and
then, if a flash of anger or fear lightens up
the dark-gray irig, the color of a stormy sky,
they instantly become remarkably keen and
alort, and, like the eyes of the insane. caut>e
those whose glance they meet a painful im
pression that can be borne only after long
familiarity.
In short, the entire physiognomy of the Sul
tan confirms his divers characteristics, even
that of the hypocritical gentleness that he as
sumes at times.
Of medium height, slightly rickety on his
l»gs and painfully thin, he seems now only to
have his breath left, and in fact, it is hia
nerves that keep him alive. Such a constitu
tion must necessarily Influence his mentality.
Abdul Hamid Is. In truth, a victim of neuras
thenia, and a monomaniac. His physical con
dition alone can explain the contradictions of
his cha.ra.cter.
• • •
Not on!j Is the lif* of a man who U trouble
some to him nothing to him, but spilled blood
feems to calm 2nd soothe his shattered nerves,
always stretched to the snapping point. "At
night, before going to sleep." says one of his
chamberlains, "he has some one read to him.
His favorite books are those giving detailed
accounts of assassinations and executions. The
etories of crimes excite him and prevent him
Bleeping, but as soon as his reader reaches a
passage where blood flows, the Sultan im
xnfdiately becomes calm and falls asleep.
The photograph of the Sultan's favorite
riding horse is shown on this page. This
superb animal was a present to him from
the Czar, and formerly the Sultan was
considered a very fair rider. He still takes
an Interest in eport of this kind, but not
for himself. He Is now. content to watch
the imperial princes taught horseman
ehip at the riding school adjoining the
stables. The reason for the Sultan giving
up the pastime as far as he himself is
concerned Is explained in the following:
. A few year* ago he frequently rode his im
mense park on horseback, accompanied by ona
of his sons, particularly Ahmet-Effendi. the
Prince who rides best: but during one of these
rides -aa accident happened which resulted in
their being stopped. The Sultan, having ex
pressed a wish to visit the porcelain factory.
the place was evacuated in advance by all the
-workmen, according to a rule always followed
on 6uch occasions. One of the workmen, how
ever, hid himself behind a bush, and as the
Sultan approached, started forward suddenly
and held out a petition. The Sultan's horse
ehled at the apparition and almost threw bis
imperial rider, who thought the man's move
ment was an attempt upon his life. He ordered
the arrest of the bold petitioner, and the un
fortunate man was turned over to Hadji
Hassan Pasha, military commander of Bechik
tach fort and secret executioner. He was
never seen or heard of again.
The Sultan fears conspiracies to such an
extent that he has never permitted the
use of the telephone in Constantinople.
For the same reason he has prohibited the
use of carrier pigeons. The electric light
is also tabooed for the people of Con
stantinople and it is the only capital still
lighted by gas alone. The Sultan uses the
light in his palace, but he labors under
the impression that "electric discharges
may result from currents* of high pres
sure produced by the prolixity of a num
t»er of cables. And any. explosion occur
ring in the city might blow up Yildlzl He
dreads so" much a catastrophe of this
kind that the. mere word dynamo terri
fies him by its relation — although a purely
etymological one— to the word dynamite,
a substance for which he. has the most
profound horror."
Regarding the practice of torturing,
what M. Dorys has to say Is almost in
credible of belief to us of America:
There are some that are novel, as, for in
stance, that invented and recommended to the
YiMlz executioners by Kiathane Imamy, the
Sultan's buffoon, which consisted In putting
gradual pressure on the sensitive parts of the
MOST STARTLING BOOK
OF THE WEEK.
FICTION.
"She Stands Alone," by Mark Aahton.
Third revised edition. It is announced
that this remarkable book is the work of
a woman who has hidden her identity un
der the name of Mark Ashton.
" 'Lias' Wife," by Martha. Baker Dunn,
author of "Memory Street."
JUVENILES.'
"The Hero of the Hills." Volume 3 of
"The "Woodranger Tales," by G. "W.
Browne.
"A Little Puntan Pioneer," by Edith
Robinson.
'' MISCELLANEOUS. _ , ;
"Beauty's Aids," by Countess C. i f_; 4 .
"Celebrated Crimes," by Alexander Du
mas. Library edition de luxe, three vol
umes, with eighteen full-page Illustra
tions in photo-gravure, one-halt from
original drawings by E. H. Garrett, one
half reproduced from famous paintings
of historical characters. The press work
is from new type on a high grade an
tique paper, and the volumes are in every
particular splendid specimens of I tho
bookmaker's art.
"Florence," by Grant Allen. Two vol
umes, uniform In general appearance and
attractiveness with Grant Allen's "Paris,"
published last season. '
"Grand Opera in America," by Henry
C. Lahee, author of. "Famous Singers of
To-day and Yesterday," etc. . \u25a0 .
"A Critical History of Opera." by Ar
thur Elson. • .*
I* C. Page & Cos. had In pres* the
following new books for publication dur
ing September:
GIFT BOOKS. ' •
For the last three years Mr. Spencer has
ppent an invalided life, almost in seclusion
from his contemporaries, although tha
monotony of that' seclusion has been
broken by his habit of spending the sum
mer months in some picturesque country
place. lie went for many seasons to
Wiltshire, and this year he lived near
Midhurst, in Sussex, a district of charm
ing scenery. But during these years ht»
has not only completed the revision of his
''•.Principles of Biology," but has published
a revised edition of his "First Principles."
He does not contemplate any further re
vision of hl3 works. His eightieth birth
day in April, 1900, brought him many sym
pathetic messages from friends and admlr
<*rs at home and abroad, and a congratu
latory address from savants in Australia,
and New Zealand. Last year was also
noteworthy because it marked the lapse of
fifty years since the completion of his first
work, "Social Statics," the prefa<e to
which Is dated December. 1S50. Hla little
work on "Education"— long since trans
lated into the principal languages of the
Orient and Occident— has recently been
translated into Sanskrit, -while selections
from his philosophy have appeared 1a tha
Arabic Journal Al ilokattan.— From "Her
bert Spencer, the Man, and the 'Phil
osopher," by "William Knight.' In I tha
October Bookman.
Emory E. Smith of Palo Alto. California.
' has . undertaken a labor of love in the
preparation of a book on the State
emblem— the California poppy. This book
is to contain everything in a scientific and
also a popular way that is knov.'n about
our eschscholtzia. The book will probably
number abo'ut 230 pages and the greater
portion of it ; has been prepared by a
number cf the best botanists, artists and
poets of the coast. The halftones, engrav
ings and color work, are to be of the very
best." Mr. Smith has also received the
assistance of. the Academy of Sciences
and \u25a0 Harvard University. In order mac
none of the legends, or in fact any matter
pertaining in any way to the flower, may
be omitted, Mr. Smith is anxious to enter
Into communication with any one who
knows anything worth printing in rela
tion tc. the poppy. For that reason we
have printed hla address as above, that
any of our readers who are interested m
the matter may communicate with Mr.
Smitn. Time is short, for it is expected
that the book will go to press about the
middle of October.
The C. M. Clark Company is to mnke a
radical departure In its next publication.
Having achieved great success in the lieid
of fiction, with "Qulncy Adams Sawyer"
and "Blennerhassett." it will now bring
out as a holiday volume what Is very
promisingly described as "a book to
stagger sorrow." Its title. "Junk," is
indicative of the hodge podge of humorous
.verses on timely subjects contained
jherein. "Junk" Is written and illustrated
by Leon Lempert Jr., and those who have
read his unique verses and seen his funny
pictures illustrating every few lines de
clare that the public may expect some
thing absolutely different in the line of
"funny books."
A. feature of unusual interest in the Oc
tober Critic will be a carefully compiled
and tabulated list of forthcoming books
from American publishers. These lists
have been prepared with a view of being
valuable to librarian as well as the gen
eral reader, and give an accurate idea of
the character and volume of the publish
ers' output. Another feature of moment
in the coming number of the Critic will
be a short paper by Mrs. Minnie Maddern
Fiske, entitled "The Effects of a 'First
Night' Upon the Actor." Mrs. Fiske, hav
ing experienced more than the usual num
ber of exacting: "first nights." la amply
able to give the actor's— the star's—opin
ions thereon.
greatest splendor. The romantic episode
with which «.e story deals Is historically
true, being taken from one of the old
Venetian chronicles. The ac'ion and in
terest center in the household of «a mas
ter glass blower, a member of one of the
most powerful Venetian trade corpora
tions which had many rights and privi
leges.
THE' SUNDAY CALL.
Friendship,
4
tambourines or a chorus of languorous voices;
and Circassian, Egyptian and 'Arabian dances,
among { which the Sultan prefers the most
modest. The favorites often find amusement
In the, dancing of their slaves, and singing,
music, rowing and for some, photography, and
even cycling, are among their principal amuse
ments. \u25a0„ ,
Otherwise they ei>end .their time In real
childishness, playing with .dolls, mechanical
and swimming dolls, or they amuse themselves
by Imitating the cries or animals, the crow
of ths cock, the buzzing of the fly, the bark-
Ing of a do-r»Ntfr else they will smear the
faf>«« of their nesrress attendan f " with flrur
"WORTH REAOING."
FOR THE BLUE
IjAAND GOLD
A Tale of Life at the University of
California.
By JOY LICHTENSTEIN
$1.50 Met
"A rattling good story of undergrad-
uate life, its work and its play. There
are scores of healthy., plucky, tun-lovtng,
sturdy young Americans who keep tne
interest at a glow from start to flnlsb.
It is a book that should be read by all
college graduates, by all in college, and
by those intending to enter college."
—New Orleans Picayune.
L M. ROBERTSON. Publisher.
126 Post Street, "
San Francisco, Cal.Carpeti are seldom us=ed. the floors being
constructed of highly polished tile, e over
which small, Hsht mats are strewn. The
bathroom is filled with a tub of masonry
built into the side of the wail, on in the
absence cf this apartment a large, port
able basin of clay is used. In the kitchen
the range ia .stationary, being of stone
or brick, in wh'ch charcoal is burned as
fuel. Kitchen ware of metal is rarely
used, aJl culinary utensils being of pot-
devotee, during the Initial stage of his at
tentions, is known as her "bear," and
every evening from dusk till midnight,
for as long a period as she chooses to dic
tate, he must conform to the require
ments of hla role by standing in an atti
tude of wrapt adoration on the opposite
side of the street in view of her window.'
In the case in question the young man
recognized but one impediment .to his
progress, which .was his unfamillarlty
with the language of the land. This, how
ever, he circumvented by employing a
mediator, who presented his suit, brought
about a formal introduction and eventu
ally secured a proposition from the senor
ita. This was to the effect that the young
man must play "bear" for her throughout
a period of three weeks, at the expiration
of which time he might appear at a stlp
lated hour outside her barred casement.
He was, moreover, furnished with a dia-
decided there was a possible chance of
his devotion outliving such an ordeal and
determined to see it out. ' /
In due time the allotted three weeks
passed by and it is presumed that he'ear
ried out his part of the agreement .in; a
thoroughly straightforward manner, for
there had certainly been a muffled figure
in statuesque posture regularly on duty
throughout- the prescribed period.
With eager expectancy the enamored
swain advanced to the stipulated win
dow. A faint light glimmered through a
uicie was reveaieu 10 mm me interior oi
a box stall, wherein, 'tied closely up to
the window was a solitary sad-featured
Mexican burro. Made fast to its stubby
forelock was a white placard, on which,
by the light of a candle placed convenient
ly near, the crestfallen youth deciphered
the legend, "Welcome." •
The ladies of a Mexican household never
concern' themselves with the marketing,
invariably 'leaving that ' duty to ( the serv
ants. The latter visit; the large markets
early, each morning, where such" provisions
» \u25a0'.\u25a0." . " \u25a0 \u25a0 ,v
pailiui age j"" J 1 ""' 0 ! vuiu i»huu ueiiig rc-
Btricted to occasional spots and patches.
The Implements used in tilling: the soil
are generally of the most primitive sort,
tBe plow being fashioned entirely out of
wood; with but one handle; and to this is
yoked, by means of a board bound across
their horns, a 'pair of domesticated Mexi
can steers or lumbering oxen. The peon
who; follows this . novel equipage or, goes
to sleep under a convenient banana tree
is generally attired in a broad palm-leaf
sombrero, .with _ an \u25a0 Inordinately . high
Exploration has now revealed relics ot
Menes, the founder of Egyptian mon
archy, fashioned more . than 6500 years
ago. Till quite recently he wa3 regarded!
as purely mythical. There has also beea
discovered the forearm of the Queen of
Zer. the successor to Menes. still in its
•wrappings, with four splendid bracelets
intact This brilliant and exquisitely fin
ished group of Jewelry is 2000 years older
than the jewelry of Dahsshur. the oldest
yet khown, and had the great advantage
of being, carefully examined, as It was
found and restrung in exact arrange
ment. The arm of the Queen had been
broken off by the first plunderers and laid
In a hole In the wall of the tomb, and
there remained neglected by four parties
in ancient and modern times, who suc
cessively cleared the tomb.
gram. showing the front elevation of the
house whereon the sacred window open
ing from the senorita's boudoir was min
utely Indicated. After carefully weighing
the matter in his mind the young man
narrow opening in the casement "Ah! she
had not forgotten his coming." Gently he
tapped on the nearly closed shutter. \u25a0- No
response. He waited a moment, then cau
tiously pushed open the blind, when lo!
The dawn of the new century is wit
nessing the advent . of many changes ia
Mexico, but In not a few instances will
the inherent customs of the land with
stand the tide of progressive ideas. And
long after the sun of an advanced civiliza
tion has penetrated the most remote
recess of her primeval bowers, the tooth
some tortilla and resourceful burro will
remain two indispensable factors in th«
dreamy lives of- her children.
Such products of the hacienda as are
not preserved for its own use are taker*
to market upon the backs of small native
burros, capable of carrying Immense
burdens, or by means of ponderous
wooden ox-carts, relics of antiquity rarely
to be found in use in any other civilized
country.
The different seasons witness tut little
variation in the lethargic serenity of
hacienda life in Mexico, whether it be
harvest or seed time, the gathering of
grain. And if, perchanee, possessed of a
mad ambition to hasten the packing and
shipment of his consignment, he Is merely
put off with the courteous and delusive
assurance that his desires will certainly
be attended to — pseudo-manana. The word
haste is entirely unknown to the vocabu
lary of the haciendado. "Why should there
be any hurry when the whole infinite fu
ture is at his disposal?
All the elements of a small manufac
turing village are embodied in the average
hacienda. There are mills for the re
duction of cane to sugar and the Cereals
to flour and meal, gins for t^e curing ot
cotton and looms for its manufacture into
textiles. There Is a distillery for th©
preparation of mescal and tlqulla, the
national beverages; a general store, a
chapel and a community school. And this
little principality is owned and presided
oveV by a courtly caballero, who Is far
more solicitous regarding the welfare and
happiness of his small army of depend
antes or the stranger within his gates
than of the revenues of his broad estate,
which at the least are sure to be amply;
sufficient for his needs.
crown, white cotton pajamas and leather
sandals. For his rather doubtful services
this seigneurial vagrant is paid at tha
rate of twelve cents per diem; but he Is
perennially happy, nevertheless, and his
wages are guite sufficient for tho support
of himself and family, besides providing
him with the ingredients for his beloved
cigarette and an occasional copa of pulqua
wherewith to stimulate his unf ailing affa
bility. The living of these simple ranch
folk is frugal In the extreme, consisting?
mainly of the various fruits of the coun
try, frijoles or Mexican beans, and the In
evitable tortilla. With the better element
on the hacienda the table fare Is quits
different, representing- the choicest and
most varied cuisine that can be provided-
While -engaged in securing material for
this sketch the writer recently made a
visit to Aranjuez,- one of Mexico's most
beautiful country places, situated near
Guaymas, in the State of Sonora. Here
the most idealistic phases of life on a rep
resentative hacienda were experienced.
The place had been named after the coun
try seat of, the King near Madrid; and the
fact that, .with all its prseent loveliness,
it was originally redeemed from the des
ert in the midst of which, like a veritable
oasis, it lies, renders its regal title all tho
more appropriate.
Notwithstanding the air of indolence
which to a greater or less extent pervades
the Mexican hacienda, there Is combined
with it a counter atmosphere of luxurious
ease that is deliclously infectious. The
country* dwelling, or casa de campo as it
ia commonly • designated, is -invariably
built on a plan best calculated for the
comfort of its Inmates, its chief charac
teristics being the broad, cool verandas
and graceful arcades surrounding its'ex
terior, the deepset windows and delect
able courtyards. The surrounding planta
tion, - which is usually measured by the
square league, is inclosed by walls of loose
stone or hedges of the maguey plant The
sharp, bayonet-like leaves of the latter
render it quite as Impassable as, and far
more . attractive than, the barbed-wire
fences of the north. The' greater portion
of the rich land, however, serves only for
entertaining" their- friends, and the hospi
tality of a Mexican host or hostess is
a world-wide proverb. To such an extent
is this true that' in, many of the towns
hotels are unknown institutions, even
strangers being assured ht entertainnment
in almost any household. ...
' Of . corresponding uniqueness to the
urban homes of Mexico Js'the life that
obtains on the great haciendas of the rural
districts. • ' • " : \u25a0" , :
A Mexican meal is always served in
courses, usually including two kinds of
soup and several varieties of j meat, sel
dom more than one vegetable and never
but one dessert. Bread is placed upon the
table in the loaf and is broken instead of
6liced, while butter is noticeable through
its absence, being used only in the
preparation of the meal. Knives and forks
are rarely employed excepting by the
upper .'classes, the food being conveyed to
the mouth by means of thin bits of corn
cake, known as tortillas. So adroit are
the people in this Quaint custom that it
seldom happens their fingers come in di
rect contact with their victuals.
The Mexican people are devout lovers
of- hcvne life; and hence comparatively
few* of them get beyond their national
boundaries. They are likewise fond of
as are required for the €tiy are purchasea.
The butcher, in cutting up his meat, never
uses a knife or saw, but relies entirely
upon his cleaver, 'with which he severaa
shin bone or slices off a tenderloin with
equal facility. Moreover, he never wraps
his wares in paper, but deposits them side
by side with the other edibles in his cus
tomer's basket.
The interior walls of the Mexican dwell
ing: are never -vhite, but are either embel
lished In neutral tints or papered, while
the ceilings are Invariably of painted
cloth, n-ore or less elaborately frescoed.
The private residences of Mexico are
for the most part constructed cf adobe
and concrete, though hewn stone is not
Infrequently employed throughout. In
height they vary from one to three stor
ies, the former class being by far the
most popular. The exteriors are generally
eevere from an architectural standpoint,
though the US3 of variously tinted calci
mines produces a strikingly picturesque
effect. The house is almost invariably
built on the plan of a hollow square, in
the center of which is a spacious court or
patio, densely filled with potted shrubbery
and jardinieres of flowers in endless va
riety. The appointments of the houses be
longing to the wealthy classes are fre
quently of a most luxurious character, the
furnishings almost invariably being of
European importation. The locks on all
doors are inverted, while the keys thereto
are of enormous size, irequently being a
foot in length ar.d weighing over a pound.
IT is undeniably a graceful act for the
traveler Just in from a pilgrimage
through Old Mexico to tell of the
progress the country is making in the
adoption of modern usages. It is both
Just and encouraging to our prosperous
Bouthern neighbor. But nevertheless the
features that actually afforded that self
same Individual the most enjoyment were
the Quaint antique customs and condi
tions that to so great an extent still char
acterize the realm. The predominance of
the medieval over the modern is what
impresses and enthuses the stranger in
Mexico. It is the subtle Innate romance
In the land that allures and inspires. And
not the least element Involved in this ten
dency is the fascinating domestic life of
the people.
A curious romance is told in connection
with one of these antiquated dcmicile3. A
young American who had recently taken
up his residence in a ' certain Mexican
town became enamored of one of the fdir
senoriias of the community, and, with an
enteriJtise characteristic of his lineage, at
once undertook the task of acquiring her
affections. Now, to any one familiar with
tho tactics ordinarily employed in ouch
projects elsewhere, this may appear as a
simple proposition. But in Mexico it is
different, a world of intricacy being in
volved in its most commonplace of court
ships. In that unique country a senorita's
tery. The upper story -windows, opening
on the streets, are provided with ornate
iron balconies, while those of the lower
floors are guarded by vertical metallic
bars. Numerous misconceptions have
from time to time arisen concerning the
object of this last mentioned feature. The
common theory that these bars are for
the protection of the property against in
vasion by thieves is entirely erroneous,
R9 the Mexican robber's averseness to the
risks attendant upon house-breakirg is
proverbial. In point of fact, barred win
dow casements did not originate with the
Mexicans', but were introduced w th the
ingress of the Spaniards in Cortez's t'.Tno.
and constitute a relic of the domestic
usages which prevailed in the earliest an
nals of Spain.
The Mexican town residence invariably
occupies the entire ground attached to
the premises, and is accessible by an am
ple arched^ hall and driveway combined.
Thy latter is closed at night by heavy
wooden doers closed from within. If a
stable be attached to *the premi?er, it
forms a portion of the main structure, and
not infrequently adjoins the living apart
ments in front. Hence, from an exterior
view of the establishment there is no ab
solute certainty as to which of its several
departments the shuttered windows open
THE SUNDAY CALL,
HOMES
HACIENDAS
OF MEXICO
5Worry are the 1 Ones that might get Ben
efitted by it if they Would. The fello
that Drinks too mutch never. Looks ahed
and thinks about The way he in going to
Feel the next morning, and the Only ones
that Don't fret For fear their Boys won't
have as Goe>d a chance as They did
Themselves never had enny chance at all.
"Yes," Uncle Ramsey sed, "that's the
way it Goes all thru Life. It makes me
Think df when I was In the army. Every
time enny fello Got promoted to be a
Captun or Major all the Rest would Get
Sad and think the Next Battle would end
the war and they wouldn't be., a Chance
for Enny of The rest of Them; but the
Fite kept Going on and Every few Days
a Lot- of the Boys that worried for fear
the trubble was all Over would Get killed
in a Skirmish or Sumthing, so the open
ings kept Getting made "rite Along for
new men. • That tot me to Always Look
on the Brite side of Things becoz you
Never can tell what's Going to happen till
after, it's over, and when a Fello sits
T!i!t* rrrrth'r'gr r*?g Go!ng to Brake be
fore Long when Jay Gould was Getting
reddy for the Rainy day. They thot their
boys wouldn't have enny Chance then,
But a Good menny of the Boys have Got
there since that Time all rite, and I'll
bet J. Pierpont Morgan's fond Old father
use to Get to worrying in the nite wlien
the Sad thot would Come to Him that all
the chances would Be Taken when his
poor Boy got reddy to Strike Out ' for
Himself. Thirty or Forty years from
now the Self made man who had Only a
million Dollars to his name when he
started for New York to Carve out a
Forchewn for himself Will Look kind of
Sad at his Boys that he can't Leave more
than about a Quarter of a Billion apiece
to and worry becoz they won't have tU«
Chance he Had."
Poor old hewmun naitcher. This would
be a -Gladder world if nobody had eniiy
hewmun naitcher in His sistem. The
only peeple that Don't look ahead and
Last chance, and Nobuddv has
enry rite to Go on hoping to Get there in
the Fewcher. It make? me Sorry to see
peeple Get so discurridged. One nice 1
thing about me Js that I don't Go around
Ibinkmg all the Brains that was handed
down trom Generation to Generation in
our family Got dammed up in me. I'm
Trinir.rr to Belcave my Boys are Going to
be just as Full of sublime Thots and
things as I ever was and mebby more So.
If the Lord in his murey spairs enny or
Them to Gro t;p and albert if You. don't
Stop trying to Run that pencil In the
Baby's ear I'll teatch you One of the hard
Lessons of Life that'll make you think
the Souler sistem's Got telescoped and
you're Cot between the Bumpers.
"Cne grate trubble With a Good menny
WELL," paw sed when He threw
\u25a0 the paper down, "here's an
uther fello that thinks the
Boys have been robbed of their
(Copyrighted. 1901. by S. S. Me Core Co.")
"I no it's Discurridging to Have that
much munny and still be common," paw
told her, "but I claim Such peeple have
a Chance to work up to Nobuller and
Better things, just the Saim. Look at the
way peeple ust to Shake their heds and
rf t>» Arrcrrlckcn peeple is that they al
ways keep Thinking they've reached the
Limit and 'there's no Use Looking ahed
for Beter i things. George Washington
was the Ritchest man in the Country
v.ben he Died and he Wasn't worth Half
a Million either: But I s'pose Lots of pee
ple Sat around in Those days and Got
Blue becoz, they thot all the Munny was
Getting into a Few hands and Their chil
dren wouldn't have enny chance when
their turn Came."
"But it's a Good deal worse now," maw
soil, "When a person with Less than Fif
teen or Twenty million hast ;to Be Satus
fn'A with a place in the middle Class and
Can't hope to be Called the Napoleon of
Ennything 1 ."
"(Copyrighted. 1901, by S. S. McClure Co.)
*~*-r MAN started an Ottum mobile Llv
f § ery stable in Our naberhbod a Lit-
I I tie while ago, and Ever since he
V. I Opened up paw's been trying to
X Get maw to Go for a ride in the
Country. Maw Fed she would go it paw
would let them send a blacksmith or en
gineer or sumthing along to run it. But
that seemed to tutch .paw's pride in a
place where it was all raw.
"Do you spose," he says, "that it would
be Enny Sattusfaction for me to Bit on
the Back seat as tho I was some fieshy
oM lady That always got the Names of
things rong and Didn't no the difference
between an Armature and an Ampeer?
Not mutch. When I was sixteen Years
old I ust to work in a Country saw Mill
junning the engine, and it wouldn't Be
saying mutch for hewmun Intelligence if
I couldn't Operate a little bit of a ma
sheen Like this after I've got to Be the
fawther of a Fambly that I often can't
hardly Help wishing Sumbuddy else Had
on his hands."
Maw sed She didn't want to Hurt paw's
Feelings, but she wouldn't Go unless he
took lessons First enny way, So he went
and Got to lerning how, and Last Sundy
he brot the masheen around to let us
have a Good time.
"One thing I like about an ottum mo
bile, "he told us, "is that it Won't stand
up on its Hind feet If you happen to Get
to the crossing just as the Train's com
ing Along, and You don't haft to Be bizzy
all the Time trying to keep it From Get
ting its tail Over the rains."
"That makes me Think of an old- mare
we Ust to have." Uncle Ramsey told us.
••She would allways watch for the First
chance to put her lall over the Rains and
u-hen she Got it There she seemed to En
joy Jt so well that we would haft 'to all
most get a pole or Sumthing to pry it
Loose. So once I Got to thinking about
it and pritty soon I invented a skeem."
•'inventing things seems to run in your
Xambly," maw Told paw and Uncle Ram-
sey. but they Didn't pay Enny a Tenshen
and Lncle Ramsey sed:
\u2666 *,"^l n tV er X w . ould Go out drlv ing with
the Old Mare after that I would put on
an Extry rain and then Let her get h°r
ll " w er .i t rIte , , at the Start - After that
she Would go Along satusfied all day and
never give anuther switch. The hewmane
society thot it was crewill tho, becoz she
couldn't keep the Flies off and Hold on
to the rain at the Same time, so They
made me give it up or I mite of Got it
pattonted."
"That's the trubble with Horses." paw
sed; "if you don't let them Have their
own way it's Crewill to Them, and if you
Do it s no Fun for the peeple that's driv
ing. Its different with the Ottum mobile.
You can run that All day and not Haft
to be Afrade that mebby it's* suffering
with the Botts or a Raw place where the
harness Rubs. Now corns on. As the
poet said: \u25a0 . \u25a0
Far from the Maddened crowds ignobull strife
We'll turn the current' on and Zip away
And get a Little taste of Country life.
And smells the pluzzcnt smells ot new mown
Hay.
Full menny a team that slowly jogs along
we'll cover with the Dyst we raise Out there.
And let the children raise the Merry song
And leave broad streaks of gladness In the
Air.
Me and paw and Uncle Ramsey were on
me 1< runt seat and maw and Little albert
and the baby Got on Behind.
\v ait, ' maw sed just as paw was Giv
ing it a Start.
"What's the Matter?" paw ast.
Dld . you J? ay y° ur Llf e insurance that
was Due this month?" maw ast; "becoz
it «^c m w b , e . trubbl ? Getting the muny if
to GftVaKafe/' US Ha PPened
T^h-e'r 8 .
neenle start away with trubble on Thei?
Mind when they are Trying to have a
Gcod time. Yes, it's paid. Now try to
Think of sumthingr cheerful for a while
and see how it seems." u " 8
We went along nice and Easy for a
r h^f'. n w Ever y b «ddy was commenclne
to Think it was Going to turn Out for the
Best, only Little Albert's hat blew off
Every few Blocks, so after while, paw
Jammed it under the Seat, and Told us
to hold Tite becoz he was Golng'to Turn
on a Few more ampeers. Maw wanted to
no what an Ampeer was, but paw** told
her it was Dalngerous to Talk to the
operator when he was Operating, and
Allmost before we new it we were Out In
the Country.
"This is what it Is to be Ltving in the
Twentieth centcherry," paw sed. "This
necks Darwin's theory All Jo smash. You
can't make me Believe that a man who
could get up a Thing like this and One
that can run it The way I am ever got
Distended from munkeys. God made man
in his own immidge, and " \u25a0 •
Along about that time we Got into some
deep Sand, and the first thing we new the
Ottum mobile Gave a kind of Sad grone
and stopped. Paw put on all the Current
in the Box. but she just stood there and
Trembled, and kind of humped up a Lit
tle.
"Well, confound it," paw sed after
while, 'can t a Few of you Get Out?"
So we all clum down except paw, but
still it wouldn't go and the wheels kep
petting. deeper in the sand all the Time.
Then paw got out, too, but forgot to pull
the Handle hack, and him and me and
uncle Ramsey got Behind and-Commenct
to push and pritty soon she Gave a
jump, and the sand Flew and the ottum
mobile went down the Rode like the, man
that's hypnotized goes over the Benches
tords the stage when the professor tells
him to Come on. _ . .
Maw Got Little albert and the Baby up
on the Bank and told me to Hurry behind
something. Then Paw started to run
after it; and Uncle Ramsey yelled:
"If you catch it, come back this way.
we 11 wait for you here."
They was a turn about a half a mile
below, but the ottum mobile kept on
Strait and jumped the fence into some
body's orchard and when paw Got there it
"was trying to' Climb a tree, but broke
sumthing before it Had. got up Very far
After while a farmer came Along with a
Load of vegitabulls for the market next
Morning, and we Got him to chain us on
Behind. When we Were on the Way
Hoqne and all neerly choked with the dust
the Farmer's horses made Uncle -Ramsey
Bed:
"Anuther good Thing about an Ottum
mobile is that when it's broke down you
Don't haft to "Worry for Fear it mite be
In Pain." .
Maw laft out Loud, -but paw sed some
peeple are bilt bo they never seem to No
when a Joke's gone Far enuff.
Dishpan full of Water and Threw It all
Over both of Them. y
After the trubble was ended Uncle Ram- h
sey sed: . . i
"I'm glad Jt Happened becoz now I no
ou Luv me For myself and not just
ecoz you Expect to Get myteunnv when
die, or you would of Let me pVirrish
\u25a0when you had the Chance,"
Ever since that paw goes around Look
ing like a purson that was ronged But got
his Innosunts proved. GEORGIE.
Vlf I was out in the Country I'd almost
think a Chlgger or Two had Got after
me." and Then he Jumped up with a Tell,
and commenced to HoUer: "Put me out
quick. Put me out."
Paw Grabbed up Our best rug and Got
a kiml of a Strangle Hold on Uncle Ram
sey. Then he tried to Rap the rug Around
him, but before Uncle Ramsey got So he
would Stand quiet Maw Came in with a
down to wait for His own funeral It's a
pritty Sure sine that he Won't cut much
of a Figure when he Goes to it, after all."
While paw and maw Were Lafllrig at
"What he Sed Uncle Ramsey lit his pipe
again and Some of the Ashes fell Down
inside of His vest, so pritty Soon he Gave
himself a kind of a Rub up and down and
Sed:
THE SUNDAY CALL.
GEORGIE'S PA ON THE CHANCES FOR BOYS OF THE FUTURE
6
.j. ,J4$4^, + 4.4^1..!.^. . W^.^.^j. 4^.^.^.^..-^ .j..j_2^.j..j. .;..;......u. .;..»..;..».,;„;. _._;_,;, \u25a0;..;_; . I .^..;..j..». .f-j-j-s.
.?.}«"•* vv w w w • vt*f Tri*iTV w*i'v*J"I* WvW"!* *I**!**»"!**j**i* *!*vv'!*v*v 'r*:*vv*i* 'I"**v*I* v v^vvv 'Wvvvv v*I— !"*rvv vvvv*i~j**i**i**s*v*r*i* v*j— J«- ? »»'~'-. -%.*.»%.v% ,?„•„?.,% jrj X
1*1 \u25a0 I \u25a0 - • ' Pi?
I 4«SI% „—_—_—\u25a0_. . _____ - —I... _.. j> 4*B*^*
taX • , : ~ } |gt
' xS-f > ; * . ' - - I fBf
*n*£ £ ?z vai*
I' * \u25a0 \u25a0 ' 111
|{ _^ ||t
*** B • • \u25a0 C - • \u25a0 \u25a0 <S •*•\u25a0 •!•
•\u2666• t« « \u25a0 Zs < I ea JL
•1-Bf * t\ *i£
IB- ? • v < Is?
?| -\u25a0;:. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 ' — y , V ||||
i®± 1 \u25a0 \u25a0 • • . " va|
•}*H* s> •' ' \u25a0 - *fH3!
v ba it . ' " T13T
fSf I : - \u25a0 • / - • \u25a0 iS?
« • • < ' ' ?sa?
Ill Begins in Sunday Call, October 13th. |||PROFESSOR E. T. LAUGHTON has
returned to his home in New York
after spending the winter In ex
ploring tho mountains near Buena
Vista. Colo., and investigating the habits
of a species of monster spiders found in
the middle Cottonwood Pass, says the
Washington Star.
Little definite is known of these spiders,
but around them has been gathered a
mass of Indian legend and prospectors'
yarns that rival those of Munchausen.
Many years ago these spiders lived in a
cave easily reached by tourists. It was in
a valley two miles northeast from Har
vard City, then a thriving mining camp
eight miles west of Buena Vista.
In 18S0, a man named Shultz cut his way
into the spiders' den- Ho did not return,
and a week later a searching party found
his body partly burled in the spiders' cave
under a mass of fallen rock. As it' would
have required considerable; timbering at
an expense of several hundred dollars to
recover the body, and as -the manhad no
known relatives, it was left undisturbed.
Shultz's skeleton is still Jn the cave, but
the spiders have found another home fur
ther back In the mountains.
Some of the tales told about these
spiders are given in an old letter which
has just been found in Buena Vista. It
says:
"A short, distance out of Buena 'Vista
there is a cavo swarming with spiders of
immense size, some of them having legs
four-inches in length and bodies as large
as that of a canary bird. The cave was
discovered in 18G8 and was often visited
by pioneers on their, way to California,
who obtained their , webs for use In the
place of thread.
"Early and late the cave resounds with
a buzzing sound emitted by the. spiders as
they weavo their webs. The webs were
tested in 1871 and found to be composed
of silk of the finest quality. The skins
of the spiders make good gloves, as they
are pliable and require no tanning.
"A number were captured arid ' tamed,
and manifested great affection for ,all
members of tho family. They were far
superior to a cat in exterminating rats
and mice, following their prey Into the
holes In the walls and ceilings. One
spider, kept as a pet by a Buena Vista
lady, used to stay all night at the head
of her bed acting as a sentinel." j
The cultivation of coco, says a writer In
the Scientific American, Is at~ present an
inviting agricultural pursuit ln Trinidad
and parts of Venezuela. • The coco tree
cannot withstand strong sunshine, and
the young plants ' have to be shaded by
banana or plaintain trees, and later, when
they attain their by tall trees
known as "immortels," or the "mother of
the coco." These make a kind of canopy
over the entire plantation. The fruit of
the coco tree is. a; pod, resembling a cu
cumber, and growing j on the trunk, or
large branches, where it "looks as though
it were artiflcally attached." The seeds
are like large, thick Lima beans embed
ded In pulp. These form the coco beans
of commerce. The processes of j curing
and drying require much attention.
• ' " \u25a0 /:'\u25a0 > \ ''\u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0'} . ' * .'
THE MONSTROUS SPIDERS OF COLORADO.
adorned, yet as these differences occur In
every part of Africa where lions are met
with, and since constant varieties, with
one fixed type of mane, living by them
selves and not interbreeding with other
varieties, do not exist anywhere, modern
zoologists are, I think, now agreed that
there is only one species of lion, since
I
ln any large series of wild lldn skins
made in any particular district of Africa
or Asia every gradation # will be found
between the finest maned specimens and
tiiose which are destitute of any mane at
all. Several local races have, however,
been recently, described by German
\u25a0writers.
In the hot and steaming, coast lands of
tropical Africa Hons usually have short
manes, and never, I believe, attain the
long, silky black manes sometimes met
with on the high plateaux of the interior.
However, 'there is, I believe, no part of
Africa where all or even the majority of
male lions carry heavy manes, the long
Speaking generally, there is little or no
danger in meeting a lion or lions in the
daytime. Even in parts of the country
where firearms are unknown, and where
the natives seldom or never interfere with
them, these animals seem to have an in
stinctive fear of man, and even when en
countered at the carcass of an animal
freshly killed, and at a time when they
may be supposed to be hungry, they will
almost invariably retreat before the un
welcome presence, sometimes slowly and
sulkily, but in districts where much hunt
ing with firearms has been going on at a
•very rapid pace.
However, I "have known of two cases of
Europeans mounted on horseback having
been attacked by lions in broad daylight,
arid Dr. Livingstone mentions a third. In
one of the instances which came Within
my own knowledge a lion sprang at a Beer
hunter, as he was riding slowly along,
carrying -an elephant gun in his ' right
hand and followed by a string of natives
on foot. The lion attacked from the left
side and with Its right paw seized my
friend from behind by the right side of
his face and neck, inflicting deep gashes
with its sharp claws, one of which cut
right through hia cheek and tore out one
of his teeth. My "friend was pulled from
his horse, but clutching the loosely girthed
saddle tightly with his knee, it was twist
ed round under the horse's . belly before
he fell to the ground. Instead of follow
ing up its success .the lion, probably
scared by the shouting of * the Kaffirs,
trotted away for a short distance, and
then turned and stood looking at the dis
mounted hunter, who, never having lost
his presence of mind. 'immediately shot it
dead with hia heavy old muzzle loading
elephant gun."
Little Danger in Daytime.
Lions with very full black manes, cov
ering the whole shoulders, are rare any
where, but more likely to be encountered
on the high plateaux, where the winter
nights are extremely cold, than anywhere
else. In sUch cases, in addition to the
tufts of hair always found on the elbows
and in the ai'tnpits of lions with fair-sized
manes, there will be large tufts of hair
in each flank, just where the thighs join^
the belly. But I have'never yet seen the
6kin of a lion shot -within the last-thirty
years with the whole belly_ covered with
long, thick, hair, as may constantly
be observed in lions kept in captivity in
the menageries of Europe.
There is, however, some evidence to
show that when lions existed on the
high plains of the Cape Colony and tho
Orange River Colony, where the winter
nights are much. colder than in the coun
tries farther north where lions may' still
be encountered, certain individuals of the
species developed a growth of long hair
all over the belly, as well a3 an extraor
dinary luxuriance of mane on the. neck
and shoulders.
From the foregoing remarks It will be
seen that wild animals, having as a rule
much less luxuriant manes than many ex
amples of their kind to be seen in Euro
pean menageries, are ordinarily not so
majestic and dignified in appearance as
many of their caged relatives. On the
other hand, the wild lion is a much more
alert and active dhimal than a menagerie
specimen, and when in good condition is
far better built and more powerful look
ing, being free from all appearance of
Iankines3 and weakness in the legs, and
having strong, well formed hind quartern.
\u25a0 The eyes of the menagerie lion, too, look
brown and usually sleepy,- while those of
the wild animal are yellow and extra
ordinarily . luminous, even after death.
When wounded and standing at bay. with
head held low between his shoulders,
growling hoarsely and with twitching tail,
even if he is not near enough to be ob
perved very closely, a lion looks a very
favage and dangerous animal; but should
he be wounded in such a way as to admit
of a ' near approach— perhaps by a shot
that has paralyzed his hind quarters — his
flaming eyes will soem to throw out sparks
of living fire.
hair of r which does not. as a rule, cover
more than the neck and chest, with a tag
of varying length and thickness extending
from the back of the neck to between tho
' shoulder-blades.
Besides these tnree instances of Euro
peans having been attacked in the day
time by lions I have known of a certain
number of natives having been killed in
broad daylight. Such incidents are, how
ever, by no means every-day occurrences,
and, speaking generally, it may be said
that .the risk of molestation by lions in
Africa during the daylight is very small.
It is by night that lions roam abroad with
stealthy step in search of prey a;nd at
such times they are often, when hungry,
incredibly bold and daring. I have known
them upon several occasions to enter a
hunter's camp, and, regardless of fires, to
seize oxen and horses and human beings.
'\u25a0' During' the year following the first oc
cupation of Mashonaland, in 1890, a great
deal. of damage was done by lions, which
could not resist the attractions of the
settlers' livestock. For the first few
months I kept as accurate account as I
could of the number of horses, donkeys,
oxen, goats and *pigs which were killed
by lions, and it soon mounted up to over
200 head. During the same time several
white men were also mauled by lions, and
one unfortunate man named Teale was
dragged from beneath the cart where he
was sleeping by the side of a native*
driver and at once killed and eaten.
Several of the horses were killed insids
rough shelters serving as stables.
In the following year (1891) over 100 pigs
were killed in one night by a single
lioness. These pigs were In a series of
pens, separated one from another, but all
under one low thatched roof. The Uones3
forced her way in between two poles and
apparently wa3 unable, after having
satisfied her hunger, to find her way out
again, and, becoming angry and fright
ened, wandered backward and forward
through the pen?, killing almost all tho
pigs, each one with a bite at the back of
tin head or neck. Thi3 lionesa, which
had only eaten portions of two young
pigs, made her escape before daylight,
but was killed with a set gun the next
night by the owner of the pig3.
Old Lions Like- Human Diet.
"When lions grow old they are always
liable to become man-eaters. Finding their
strength failing them and being no longer
able to hunt and pull down large ante
lopes or zebras, they are driven by hun
ger to killing small animals, such as
porcupines and even tortoises; or they
may vi3it a native village and catch a
goat or kill a child or woman going for
water; and. finding a human beins a very
easy animal to catch and kill, an old
lion which has once tasted human flesh
wili, in all probability, continue to be a
man-eater until he is killed.
On this subject, in his "Missionary
Travels," Dr. Livingston says: "A man
eater is invariably an old lion, and when
he overcomes his fear of man so far as
to come to the village for goats the peo
ple remark, 'His toeth are worn; he will
soon kill men.* They at once acknowl
edge tha necessity of instant action and
turn out to kill him." It is the prompt
ness with which measures are taken by
the greater part of the natives of South
ern Africa to put an end to any lion
which may take to eating men that pre
vents these animals, as a rule, from be
coming ,the formidable pests which rcan
eating tigers appear to be ln parts of
India. -
But man-eating lions In Africa are not
invariably old animals. One which killed
thirty-seven hVmar. beings in 1SS7, on
the Majili River, to the northwest of
the Victoria Falls of the Zambesi, was.
when at last killed, found to be an ani
mal in the prime of life, while the cele
brated man-eaters of ths Tsavo River, In
East Africa, were also apparently strong,
healthy animals. These two man-eating
lions caused such consternation among
the Indian workers on the Uganda River
Railway that the work of construction
was considerably retarded, the helpless
coclies refusing to remain any longer
in a country where they were llabie to
be eaten .any night by a man-eating Hon.
Both these lions were at last shot by
one of the engineers on the railway (j.
H. Patterson), but not before they had
killed and devoured twenty-eight . Indian,
coolies and an unknown num-bex of na
tive Africans.
pronably to be hcurd almost
r.'-z'-'ily on ILc slopes ol Table Mountain,
git f. C Selous.
WJ]EN. in the letter half or the
nventcezxili century Europe
ans flri't Mettled at the Cape of
Good Kaic. the lion's roar was
On another occasion when they were
photographing a huge rhinoceros at short
range ihe animal charsed and smashed
th.» camera to :natchwood.
The two numbers of the now book
already published include rerr.arkable pho
tographs or tigi-rs. lions, cheetahs, pu
mas, leopards, wildcats, some of them
r"!ioto£rap!:?<l as th^y w?re leisurely
v..::',ir.£, others vrile lying down and
o:!icrp r.i;cn btwtlng their focd.
The literary Tnattcr is contributed by
ruthorit'.cs. Mr. Selous, for instance, is
e«*M to y.nav more about the wild game
«.r' Africa, especially UonsJ ilian anybody
rlr.e. ca-l lit?. &Oil3Wf&£ article from his
v:!l It- rta<i v;Uh much Interest:
Then he strolled leisurely . toward tha
photographer, who promptly decamped.
After satisfying his curiosity about the
instrument the lion walked leisurely away.
Lord Delamere took several snapshots of
2:5m a« be v/alked down the road.
Lord Delamere, for Instance, has been
two yeai-s in the unbeaten tracks of East
ern Central Africa, accompanied by two
Europeans and about two hundred na
tives, taking scores of snapshots. They
had many exciting adventures, one of
them in the fgunda road. The shikarrl
•who was in the lead discovered a magnifi
cent lien looking round a bush, glaring
Inquiringly at the party.
Lord Delamere fixed his camera one
hundred ar.d fifty yard3 away and pro
ceeded to focus the m«in-c-atcr. Tha lion
tvatched these proceedings with evident
amazement, but allowed several photo
graphs to be taken.
Mr. Hutchinson. the publisher, says that
the iaey:ame to him many years ago, but
critics said that it was impossible to pho
tograph wild beasts in their natural
haunts. He, however, secured the co-op
era tion of many amateur photographers
and is now about to publish the results
of their •work.
Many men eminent in natural history
tave contributed to this new work- They
include F. C. Selous: R. Lydekker, F. R.
S.; W". F. Kirby, F. L. S.; Sir Herbert
Maxwell, F. R. S.; F. G. Afialo, F. Z. S.;
Louis Wain; W. Saville-Kent, F. Z. S.. and
Charles J. Cornish, M. A.. F. Z. S., who !a
editor, the publishers being Hutchinson &
Co., of Paternoster row, London.
Photographs have been obtained from
all parts of the world, including many
from the collections of the Duchess of
Bedford, F. Z. S.: Lord Delamere. F. Z.
E.; Hon. V.'alter Rothschild; Major Kott.
F. Z. B.; Ottornar Anschutz, Dr. R. XV.
Shufe'.dt; Lewis Medland, F. Z. S.: Carl
Hagenbeek and Charles Reid.
For years the camera has been working
In inaccessible parts of the world In prep
aration for this work— in the Indian jun
rle, in the islands of the South Seas ami
in the- forests of New Zealand, the pho
tographer patiently waiting week after
vreek. and at great risk to himself, to se
cure photographs of savage beasts, many
of them unconscious of the presence of
in an.
THERE is now ln course of publica
tion one of the most remarkable
works ever undertaken in natural
history. It differs from standard
publications of the kind in the fact
that its primary interest depends upon
its illustrations, which are reproductions
of photographs of wild animals made in
their native haunts.
Hitherto works on natural history, no
trailer how elaborate or costly, have in
the main been illustrated by "fake" pic
tures _that is. illustrations of birds and
animals made, not in the forest or jungle,
tut in the private laboratory of the natur
alist. In even the best-known natural his
tory books the creatures there depicted
are as stiff and artificial as the stuffed
specimens to be seen in museums. Now,
however, the camera has at last invaded
the jungle and forests, whoso inhabitants
Lave been photographed in their homes.
In the great reed beds of the latter
river a certain number of lions appear to
Jive constantly, preying on buffalos and
lechwe antelopes. I. often heard them
roaring at night in these swamps and I
once saw two big male lions v/ading
slowly across an open space between two
beds of reeds, in water nearly a foot in
depth.
Although there are great Individual
differences in liens as regards size, gren
e~al color of coat and, more particularly.
In the length, color and profuseness of
the mane with which the males arc
Since lions were once to b* found over
the greater portion of the vast continent
of Africa it is self evident that these
animals ar« able to accommodate them
selves to great variations of climate and
surroundings, and I myself have met
with them close to the sea, in the hot and
sultry coast Lands of sou! heast Africa, on
the high plateau of Mashonaland, where
at an oltilude of 6000 feet above sea level
the winter nights are cold and frosty:
ar.iong the stony hills to the cast of the
Victoria Falls of the Zambesi, and Ln the
swamps of the Chobi.
The indefinite increase of Hons must
have been checked by some unknown law
of game upon which they depended for
food.
It is easy to understand that the in
crease of a herd of herbivorous animals
would be regulated by the amount of tho
food supply available, as well as constant
ly checked by the attacks of the largo
carnivora, such as lions, leopards, chee
tahs, hyenas and wild dogs; but I have
never been able to comprehend what has
kept within bounds the Inordinate in-,
crease of lions and other carnivorous an!
mals in countries where for ages past
they have had an abundant food supply,
&nd at the same time, having been almost
entirely unmolested by human beings,
have had no enemies. Perhaps such a
state of things doe3 not exist at the pres
ent day, but there are many parts or
Africa where such conditions have existed
from time immemorial up to within qulta
recent years.
To-day lions are still to be found wher
ever game exists in any quantity, and
their numbers wlil be in proportion to
those of the wild aniroals on which they
prey.
But such a state of things has never
been known to occur; and whenever Euro
peans have entered a previously unex
plored and uninhabited tract of country
in Africa, and have found it teeming with
buffaloes, zebras and antelopes, they have
always found lions in such districts very
plentiful indeed, but never in such num
bers as to seriously diminish the abun
dance of the once uninhabited plains. This
practice brought them into conflict with
the white colonists or native herdsmen,
armed with weapons of precision, before
whom they rapidly succumbed.
Increase of Lions.
As the game vanished the lions d{sap
peared, too; for, although at first they
preyed to a large extent on the domestic
flocks and herds which gradually replaced
the wild denizens of nature, otherwise
they would have become so numerous in
the sparsely inhabited or altogether unin
habited parts of Africa that they would
first have exterminated all the game on
which they had been wont to prey and
would then have had to starve or to have
eaten one another.
At that date there can be little doubt
that, excepting in the waterless deserts
and the dense equatorial forests, lions
roamed over the \u25a0whole of the vast conti
nent of Africa, from Cape Agulhas to the
very shore of the Mediterranean Sea; nor
was their range very seriously curtailed
until the spread of European settlements
in North and South Africa and the ac
quisition of firearms by the aboriginal
inhabitants of many parts of the country,
during the latter half of the nineteenth
century, steadily denuded large areas of
all wild game.
since a qunint entry in the diary of Van
Riebeck, the first Dutch Governor of the
Cape, runs thus: "This n'ght the lions
roared as if they would take the fort by
storm" — the said fort being situated on
the site of the city now known as Capo
Town.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
WILD ANIMALS FOLLOWED TO
THEIR LAIRS BY THE CAMERA.
7people," so that while most of its
\u25a0works are Intended primarily for the spe
cialist there is an exception made by the
secretary in publishing an appendix to his
annual report, which is addressed to that
large body of the public which has a gen
eral interest in scientific matters without
special knowledge, of them.
It is of this popular volume that we
here speak.
As the volume for 1900 marks the close
of the century considerable space is given
to re-views of the progress in various
branches of science during the nineteenth
century, prepared by men distinguished
in their various fields. The subjects thus
reviewed are astronomy, chemistry, geol
ogy, physics, electricity, geography, biol
ogy, medicine, physical research, which,
with an article on the "Century's Great
Men of Science," furnish in brief a picture
of scientific activity of the past century.
Whatever of advancement is chronicled
in a work of ibis kind really means ad-
any t>t these compartments and jrara-p
into the other. Each propeller Is supplied
with extra auxiliary engines, so that tha
main engine can be disconnected If neces
sary and the propeller worked from tha
auxiliary engine. This was meant to gtva
economy of fuei when the ship was to go
under ordinary conditions, and reduces
the number of the mechanical staff. The
ship has a rolling chamber to keep her
steady, and a lifting crowsnest, which
affords . facilities for directing her
through the Ice.
Her maiden voyage was from Newcastle
to St. Petersburg. We entered the ice at
the meridian of Revel and had to forca
our way through 160 miles of Ice. It nev
er occurred to any one that the ship
would go to Cronstadt in winter time, and
our entering Cronstadt harbor caused
quite a sensation.
At times the pressure of the ice was so
great and the ice so heavy that it tools
four hours to, make two miles.
One of the best popular articles In this
Report 13 a paper on "Nature's Pictures,"
by A. Radclyffe Dugmore, printed first in,
"The World's Work" by Doubleday, Page
& Co. The study of birds and animals by
the camera, personal contact and through
the hand of kindness denotes a great
stride in the rl;ht direction. One of these
remarkable photographs is produced here
with. It shows a white-footed mouse and
young (about life size). While out for a
walk with a friend the author came across
this interesting group. The frightened
mother instantly disappeared and could
not be found after the most careful
search. Only after reaching home did Mr.
Dugmore's companion find the poor little
creature— In his pocket! Fearing lest the
young ones would die the author ran
back two miles with the old mouse in his
hand and managed just before dusk to
secure this picture of the first meeting of
the reunited family.
Among the thirty or more ar
ticles that go to make the con
tents of this Report of 1900 there
may be mentioned, as Illustrating
the variety of the subjects treat
ed, papers on malaria and the transmis
sion of yellow fever, by Surgeon General
Sternberg; an essay on Huxley, by Pro
fessor Brooks of Johns Hopkins and a
paper on so practical a subject as incan
descent mantles.
The Smithsonian Reports are distributed
by the Institution to libraries throughout
the world, may be had by purchase at
cost from the Superintendent of Docu
ments. Washington City, and may gener
ally be obtained free of charge also from
the applicant's member of Congress.
vancement in the true sense of the word,
for the Smithsonian Institution is not one
to attach its name to a book of dreams or
fallacies. Many of the articles that go to
make up the contents of the work have
been printed before, but appearing now
as they do in this report it places them on
the high plane of scientific approval.
Astronomy has made wonderful ad
vances during the last century. Its prog
gress appeals more to those trained in
science, but even the lay mind can under
stand and value the great improvements
in astronomical machinery. The differ
ence is striking by contrast, if you notice
the picture of the Chinese astronomical
instruments taken at the loot of Peking— a
general view of which is given on this
page.
The apparently impossible problem of
aerial navigation seems to be getting
along famously, for even conservative
Smithsonians are enthusiastic and devote
considerable space in their report to the
two types which have been demonstrated
fair successes.
The Langley aerodrome and the Zeppe
lin airship both come tn for their share
of description and approval. Of the two,
the aerodrome really proves the more in
teresting (shown in cut or. this page), for
it depends entirely on flight for buoyancy ,
and not upon gas bags or balloons. Its
Inventor tries as closely as possible to im
itate the flight of the birds of the air.
Here is a description of the aerodrome
taken from sections of the Smithsonian
report, which will serve to give an idea of
Mr. Langley's success.
The Langley Aerodrome.
What is popularly kno'wn. as the "fly
ing machine" is literally a machine with
out gas to support it. in no way resemb
ling a balloon, and which its inventor has
called the aerodrome— "air runner." A
•model similar to the one shown on this
page has repeatedly flown distances of
over half a mile at a speed of from twen-.
ty to thirty miles per hour. It Is driven
by a steam engine of over one and a quar
ter horsepower. _ ' j/ ; .I
An eye witness, Alexander Graham Bell,
at one of these flights thus describes the
appearance and action of the machine:
The absolute weight of the aerodrome,
including that of the engine and all ap
purtenances, was, I was told, about twen
ty-five pounds, and the distance from tip
to tip of the supporting surfaces was, as
I observed, about twelve or fourteen, feet.
The method of propulsion wafe by aerial
screw propellers, and there was no gas
or other aid for lifting it in the air except
its own .internal energy.
On the occasion referred to the aero
drome at a given signal started from a
platform about 20 feet above the water
•md rose at first directly in the face of the
•wind, moving at all times with remark
able steitdineafc. ai.u tjUUdetlUci^tiy swing
ing around in large curves of perhaps a
hundred yards in diameter and continu
ally ascending until its steam, was ex
hausted, when, at a lapse of about a min
ute and a half and at a height which I
judged to be between So and 100 feet in
the air, the wheels ceased turning, and
the machine, deprived of the aid of its
propellers, to my surprise did not fall,
but settled down so gently and softly that
it touched the water without the least
shock and was, in fact, ready for another
In the second trial, which followed di
rectly, it repeated in nearly every respect
the actions of the first, except that the
direction of its courae was different, it
ascended again in the face of the wind,
afterward moving steadily and continu
ally In large curves, accompanied with a
rising motion and a lateral advance. Its
motion was, in fact, so steady that I think
a glass of water on Its surface would have
remained unspilled. When the steam gave
out again It repeated for" a second vlmu
the experience of the first trial when the
steam had ceased and settled gently and
easily down. What height It reached at
this trial I cannot say. as I was not so
favorably placed as in the first, but I. had
occasion to notice that this time its course
took it over a wooded promontory, and I
was relieved of some apprehension in see
ing that it was already so -high as to pass
''the tieetops by 20 or 30 feet. It reached
the water one minute and thirty-one sec
onds from the time it started at a meas
ured distance of nine hundred feet from
the point it rose.
This, however, was by no means the
length of its flight. I estimated from the
diameter of the curve described, from the
number of turns of the propellers, as
given by the automatic counter, after due
allowance for. slip, and from other meas
ures, that the actual length of flight on
each occasion was slightly over 3000 feet.
It is at least safe to say that each ex
ceeded half an English mile.
From the time and distance it will be
noticed that the velocity \u25a0was between 20
and 25 miles an hour in a course ' which
was constantly taking it "uphill." I may
add that on a previous' occasion I have
seen a far higher velocity attained 1sy the
same aerodrome when Its- course was
horizontal.
I have no desire to enter into detail fur
ther than I have done, but I cannot but
add that it seems to me that no one who
was present on this interesting- occasion
could have failed to recognize that the
practicability of mechanical , flight had
been demonstrated.
Better known, but of no greater impor
tance in the field of aeronautics, are the
efforts of Count Zeppelin with his airship
on Lake Constance, in Switzerland. The
photograph of the floating shed, wherein
his balloon was contructed, is here repro
duced from the Smithsonian Report. It
measured 450 feet in lensth, 7S broud and
Palace at Peking In I860. This latter is an
abridged translation from a journal writ
ten *.by Count d'Herisson, who was on
the staff of the French general during the
Anglo-French expedition to China in 1860
and an eye witness of the extraordinary
scenes he describes. It appears to have
entirely escaped attention during the late
crisis, although it haa an Interesting bear-
Ing on recent events and illustrates in a
curious manner how history repeats itself
The restoration of extinct animals is an
other matter that has been taken up as a
science and with success by this genera
tion. "While such restorations are subject
to some uncertainties, and mistakes of In
terpretation are apt to occur, these effort
to reproduce the living forms of past aeea
are not mere guesswork, but rest unon a.
solid foundation of scientific facts and
careful deductions. An odd photograph of
the Waterhouse Hawkins workroom at
the Crystal Palace in London is shown on
this page, and will serve to give an idea
drag of the running weight. For this rea
son also, in order to avoid being driven
on over the land, it was necessary to go
astern with the screws whenever • the
stern pointed over the lake."
It seems from all accounts that he float
ing capacity and the great lateral stabil
ity of the Zeppelin air ship have been con
clusively proved. The ship floated smooth
ly in a horizontal position. It also obeyed
Its rudder up to the moment when the
steering cable broke. Moreover, as Count
Zeppelin himselt_says, "It has proved that
there is no danger of fire in connection
with the use of the. air ship in ordinary
conditions. * • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
It is unfortunate that no exact estimate
of speed was obtainable, owing to the ac
cident. Bethge estimates that the fapid
ity of flight before the wind toward.Im
menstaad was about twenty-nine' feet per
second. It Is enough, however, to say
that a dirigible balloon which can main
tain a state of equilibrium aod 'descend
with perfect safety to Its passengers, has
become an established fact.
• • • •
\u25a0Weather Kites.
Another srreat stride In the world of
science has been In the use of the kite
for meteorological observation. A. Law
rence Rotch has a valuable paper on this
subject in the Report— one which haa been
reprinted with the author's revision from
the Technology Quarterly and Proceed
ings of the -Society* of Arts, Boston, June,
1900.
Just as ' the weather ' bureaus of the
United States have been of service to the
farmers of the country, so has the kite
served the weather bureau in its investi
gations. "Whenever there is a wind kites
possess advantage over any, other method
of exploring the air up to the height of
at least 15,000 feet. The rapid perfecting
of the kite for experimental purposes is
Indicated in the .evolution of the kite reel
66 high, and Is considered the most per-,
feet of Us kind ever devised. As it costs
£500 for every filling of the great balloon,
it is likely that the Count will have hia
airship practice pretty much to himself.
To give all of the Interesting details of
construction, etc.. as contained In the Re«
port, would require more space than can
be afforded In a general article. That part
of the account relative to the trial trip
is as follows:
The Zeppelin Air Ship
The best account vof the short and ex
citing trip of the Zeppelin balloon has
been given by Oaptain-l.ieutenant D. von
Bethge, steamship inspector of Friednoh
shafen, who may be briefly quoted: kvjlt
was an exciting moment," lit; writes;
"when the command to let go the cabi'.'3
sounded from the raft, und the air ship,
which up till then had ijeeri held by'lhe
hands of the. firemen, ,aborers and sol
diers, rcse slowly into the air, and sud
denly at the height of eighty-two f«.et
was released and soared upward. At lirst
the vessel descended somewhat before the
light easterly breeze 1 which was blowing-;
but when the engines uugan to work, it
steamed against the wind, then turne 1 to
the right and left, and afterward traveled
With the wind, turning occasionally hither
and thither until it reached lmmenstaart."
The distance traveled was about three
and a quarter miles.
. In the early part of the trip ah acci
dent to the steering mechanism occurred.
A winch broke and hindered the further
use of the running weight, ' -which was
provided in order that the bow or stern
might be raised, and the horizontal posi
tion regained. Notwithstanding the acci
dent. Lieutenant Bethge goes on to say,
"It was still possible to .turn the balloon
to the left against the wind, but as it was
impossible, owing to the broken cable, to
turn to the right. Count Zeppelin decided
to descend." The descent took placa
seventeen minutes after thfe ascent.
Count Zeppelin has written an account
of the trial trip which fs of special inter
est, as .it comes from one with a full
knowledge of all the details." "The task,"
he says, "of bringing down the air ship
took place without a hitch. In spite of a
rapid and considerable escape of gas, fol
lowed by but a small -sacrifice of ballast,
the descent took place so gently that a
descent on hard ground would seem de
void of danger." "' j
The accident to the running weight
made it necessary to avert the imminent
danger of capsizing by stopping and going
astern with the screws. "Henceforth,"
he adds, "the whole voyage consisted. of
alternately going ahead and then astern,
with the screws, so as to present exces
sive inclination. A further reason for this
alternate motion arose from the circum
stance that the "air Bhip, which at first
obeyed her helm. well to. starboard, ran
more and more to the left, owing, appar
ently to a curVe to larboard duo to the
of this most peculiar re-creatlve industry
• • •
The Yermak.
aJSnst this obstacle that has [» JJ5":
imperial navy. , Tj.__t aT ,,«
The ice-breaker was built £ Enflana
by Sir W. G. Armstrong, Whit-worth*
Co., Limited, and the name of the con
queror of Siberia. Yermak. was gnen to
tical In whichever direction she moves
in the ice she is bound to rise on it and
Freak it with her weight She has four
engines, working four Independent pro
peflers-^one in front and three at th«
stern. Each engine develops 2^00 horse
power, so that the total force of the ship
f 3 10.000 horsepower The ship has *
double bottom and double, sides. Sn© is
divided into torty-eight compartments,
every one of which was tried by filling
with water as high as the upper deck.
One comportment in the fore part of th«
ship, one the stern and two at both
sides are specially designed for changing
the trim and heel of the ship. In tha
center of the Yermak Is situated a pow
erful pump, which can take water Uom
(sho-vn in cut on this page} from th?
wheelbarrow of 1S94-5 to the steam engine
of 1S97. Some idea of this progress can be
derived from the following:
"Since the use of wire and more em
dent kites the heights have been greatly
inci eased. Thus the average height above
the sea attained by the meteorograah in
the thirty-five flights made during 1893
was more than a mile and a third, where
as the average height of all the ascents
prior to 1SS7 was less than halt a mile.
The extreme height of 15,807 feet, reached
in July, 1900, exceeds the altitude of
Mount Blanc, and also the greatest
height at which meteorological observa
tions have been made with a balloon in
the United States."
In noting the progress of chemistry,
liquid hydrogen Is made the subject of an
interesting paper in the Smithsonian Re
port. The late Professor Joseph Le Conte
has a fine article on the development of
geological thought— first published in Ap
pleton's Popular Science Monthly. The
••Progress in Physics in the Nineteenth
Century" affords material for a splendid
article by Professor Mendenhall, Ph. D..
D Sc, LL. D. The photography of sound
waves and also color photography are
oth?r developments of recent times that
have come to be . recognized as absolute
sciences. .
China, which has figured so much In
the public eye during the year past, la
given especial prominence. There i3 a
•brief sketch of the Peking Observatory,
whose looting created so much comment;
an article by the Chinese Minister, Wu
Ting Fang, on mutual helpfulness be
tween China and the United States; Chi
nese Folklore and some Western Analo
gies, and an exceptionally interesting ac
count of the loot of the Imperial Summer
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ONE of the functions of the Smith
sonian Institution at Washington
is the diffusion of knowledge in
language "ur.derstanded of the
8
SINITHSONIAN
RECORD OF THIS
AGE'S ADVANCEINENTThere are wise cats as - well as wiae
people In Vermont. *A man living at I'ora
fret, in that State, possessed one of
them, which called him out of. ted the
other evening by Its piteous wailincs, and
led him to a portion of a wood lot where
a feline companion had been caught 'In a
trap set for a skunk.
The running of the last Futurity at Un
ion Coursing Park,, however, brought out
a new factor, as the work of the young
sters in that event and In subsequent
stakes has placed them, in the estima
tion of competent- judges, on an equal
footing with the more matured champions
and stake winners now in the running.
The puppies whelped in 1900 which have
had public trials have shown all the in
herent qualities that go to make up t'je
successful courser, and the youngsters
will , not be without good backing when
they are slipped even with the more ex
perienced hounds. - Immediately after the
Futurity 'the announcement was' made
for many of the puppies that their next
big trial would be in the stake with the
season's champions. Cold Shivers, Royal
Archer, Tame Tralee, Traiee Boy, Aeolus
and Hickory Dick were considered strong
enough then to hold their own with .the
older dogs and were declared by their
on in earnest. This event, rich
in prizes, has been the hope and the am
bition of all leashmen, as in addition to
the honor attached to winning first place
in the stake the successful greyhound
earns a small sized fortune. New condi
tions have arisen this season that add
much to the interest of the game. Here
tofore predictions have been made far in
advance, the. work of performers from
the season's inauguration giving the en
thusiasts a chance to figure the compar
ative worth of tried and experienced
hounds.
biggest coursing
ff meeting/ the John Grace Chal
fl^V lenge Cup stake, will be run
: - soon, and preparations for it are
Leashmen of Judgment Figure
That th? Chances of the Older
Coursers . Are in Jeopardy
YOUNG GREYHOUNDS
WILL BE FACTORS
IN THE BIG STAKE
owners for the event. While at first it
seemed that in promising vtheir puppies,
for thia champion stake the owners did
so merely as a compliment to the Futurity
youngsters, later feeling is that In the
scramble for the much coveted honors the
older dogs are the ones whose chances are
in jeopardy. The recent wonderful show
ing of the youngest of the lot, Hugh
Lynch's A. J. Martin, has increased that
feeling. Palo Alto, Slsquoc, Qewdrop,
Sacramento Boy. Luxor, Flying Fox and
other fast ones, veterans to the game, as
they are, will find it difficult to outpoint
thes© comers. It Js freely predicted even
now that the course for the final flag In
the great event will be between the
youngsters which first saw the light of
day in 1900.
Among the stories told of the recent
flurry in Wall street Is this: An army of
ficer stationed in the i hilipplnes has been
sending home his salary for his wife to
save. She sought to add to it by taking a
flyer in Wall street. She had Invested
every dollar of her husband's savings, and.
in the panic of Thursday all was swept
away. She appealed to Henry Clews, with
whose firm she had dealt:
"If I show you the way to get your
money back will you promise me that you
will not speculate again?" asked the
broker.
"Indeed I will," tearfully assented the
woman.
"Well, here's your money; now keep out
of the market."
Clews said afterward that he had not
invested the money.
A broker who listened to' th© story
laughed. "Well, there's one on Clews.
That -woman brought the money right
over to my office and asked me to buy
Delaware and Hudson for it. I did so and
she made $5400."— Utica Pres3.
The Woman Would Speculate.
There will probably be a handicap
doubles tournament for the Davis cups at.
the California Club courts to-day. These
cups have been won twice by th© Whit-
ney brothers, Collier and Crowell and
Smith and Cornell. They must be won
five times to become the permanent prop-*
erty of any team. Many other teama
have their names on tho cups once.
The three new oil-packed courts In
Golden Gate Park have been completed
and have already proved much better
than the ones laid out previously. What
they lack most is rolling. When they are
as hard as the main drive, which 13
packed with oil, they will be as true as
asphalt courts, and better in some re
spects.'
Those in charge of the park courts have
acted favorably upon the suggestion of
putting shower baths and lockers In th©
old band stand, and in a short time the
players will have every convenience at
their disposal.
It would.be a good plan to build on©
asphalt court in the park and have It as
an exhibition court. If this were done the
best players in the city would b£ willing
to play exhibition matches in the park.
This would add to the interest of both
players and spectators.
The building of these courts was mere
ly an experiment, the unexpected success
of which makes it safe to say that in a
year from now there will be at least
twenty-five public tennis courts In tho.
park. /
Several of the local cracks are trying
to learn the peculiar service used by Bell,
the Southern California champion. Thia
service, is made at the top of the reach
and with the racket parallel to the
ground. The racket is drawn from left to
right. This gives the ball a peculiar cut
and causes it to bound exceedingly; high
and toward instead of away from the re
ceiver. This service was brought to the
coast two years ago by the Eastern cham
pions. Smith and Collier are using It with
the most success at present.
Many changes will be made by the pres
ent board. The tournament committee
will make out a schedule of tournaments
for the coming year, so the players will
know exactly on what day3 the events
will be held. As the membership limit—
200— has almost bee*n reached there is talk
of raising the initiation fee, but it la
doubtful if this will te done, as the ma
jority of the members are not In favor
of it.
principal topic of discussion
ff * among tennis enthusiasts Is the
f^J recent election of directors held
at tho California Tennis Club.
The board is made up of practi
cally the same men as last year, the two
retiring members being George Whitney
and R. J. Davis. The- latter has been
treasurer of the club since It started,
eleven years aso, and its present success
is largely due to his efforts. At first
glance it might appear the members are
ungrateful in not electing Mr. Davis, but
the fact that he has not played tenni3
for a year and consequently is unknown
to the new members justifies them in
their course.
Shower Baths Are Being Provided
for the Convenience of the
Persons Who Use the Grounds
TENNIS PLAYERS
FIND PARK COURTS
A GREAT BENEFIT
With the. teams representing Olympic
and Reliance Athletic clubs playing what
gives promise of becoming high class ball,
when the players round Into condition, the
outlook for splendid sport is bright. The
players on the club teams, have entered
more heartily into the game- thia year
than formerly and closer contests should
result throughout the season.
. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-. L . \u25a0 I
• Some good material is being developed
back of the line. Freshman Kelsey at
full bucks hard and low. Whipple, Sher
man, Mini and Bishop at each half play
strong games. The first two named, with
Kelsey, make a promising trio. More's
punting at full Is uncertain. On the liiV3
Gendottl has held down center without
opposition. \ Overall plays at his right.
Stow and O'Toole are trying out for \i-fi
guard. Stow also plays at right .tackle
with Symmes. Womble and Starr pliy
right end, the former shifting on ocm
sions to right tackle. Albertson Is play
ing at left tackle and Dibblee and WM
liams at left end. Hudson and Decoto
are trying ou£ for quarter.
The training table was commencc-1
Monday with \u25a0 the .following men on the
list: Gendottl, Albertson, Stow, Dibble,
Overall, Womble. Braley. More, Duden,
Whipple, Mini, Hudson, Sherman, Starr,
O'Toole, Hendricks, Bishop and Decoto.
into first-class condition, much
to the "satisfaction of all concerned. Re
cent cool weather has favored heavy
playing and has been of great advantage
to the athletes on the gridiron.
Although the big eleven failed to score
against Reliance in the game of a week
ago the play was satisfactory. The team
showed up well for its first contest and
the coaches were able to get a line on the
ability of the men when opposed by a
strong, heavy team.
Oct. 5.— The practice
M£<^ji California's football squad Is
A^r^T growing harder and faster clay
by day. The men are working
-I : _ — *
field this season. Besides some of last
year's eleven good material has entered
tnls \u25a0 term, and It is predicted the aggre
gation will be the strongest that ever
wore the school's colors. A suitable coach
will shortly be selected. The officers and
make-up of the college eleven are as fol
lows: Manager, Robert Keefe; captain,
William Magee; center, J. Chlchizola of
Arnador; right guard, J. Kinch of Marys
viile; right tackle, F. J. Plank. of College
Park; right end, Robert Keefe of Folsom;
left guard, Ed Cosgrlff of San Francisco;
left tackle, Frank Lawler of San Fran
cisco; left end, G. Ivancovlch of San
Francisco; quarter back, William" Regan
of Boise City, Idaho; fullback. William
Magee of San Diego; left half, T. Feeney
of Gllroy; right half, I. J. Bounds of
North Yaklma, Wash.;, substitutes, A.
Castro and A. Finnegan.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 5.— Santa Clara College
will have a strong football team in the
TANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 5.
\ — Progress on the football field
f Jm during the week has been satis
factory, an improvement in the
squad being noticeable in both the
form and physical condition of the men.
Last Saturday's game with the Olympics
showed the possibilities of the big eleven.
Quarterback Raitt said after the game
that the "Stanford team did not put up^ its
hardest game. ' r
Hoian, the big guard from Lafayette,
registered for university work Monday
and appeared on the gridiron in canvas
for the first time Monday: night. " He Is
showing up well and will undoubtedly
make somebody hustle for a position on
the first eleven. Allen, Parker and Craw
ford of the second eleven backs are show
ing up well. Allen, who was. put in
against Olympics in the •second half
Saturday week, played his .position weil
and' may give the other halfbacks a run
for the position.
FOOTBALL PRACTICE IN FULL SWING
Many fish can produce musical sounds.
The trigla can produce long drawn notes
ranging over nearly an octave. Others,
notably two epecies of ophldlum, have
sound-producing apparatus, consisting of
Email movable bones, which can be made
to produc* a sharp rattle. The curious
"drumming" made by the species called
umbrinae can be heard from a depth of
thirty fathoms. - >
Competition among the men will be
stimulated by the handsome challenge
cup presented by Captain Edwin Goodall,
which will be contended for at least twice,
and not oftener than four times a year,
the competitions being over thirty-six
holes, stroke play, with handicaps not
higher than eighteen. The trophy must be
won twice by 'the same player before be
coming his permanent property. Nothing
was said by the donor about the sex of
the competitors, so it would seem - the
ladies are eligible to play. This point has
Hot yet \u25a0 been - decided by the board .of
directors, and is really not of much Im
portance, as no lady would be likely to
win a contest over thirty-six holes with
8u small a handicap as eighteen. *
The Oakland Golf Club is displaying
considerable activity, having engaged
George Smith as an instructor, and hav
ing alreadv begun to hold competitions
and break "records. Collector of the Port
F. S. Stratton recently established a new
amateur record for eighteen holes, cover
ing the short course of nine holes in 30
and the long course In 42. total 78.
ter. The first of these will be a
competition for the Council's cup for
men. There is no truth in the rumor
that B. D. Adamson will join the ranKS
of the Oakland or any otner golf club, as
his lnlention is 'to remain a member of
the Presidio Golf Club and to represent
It on the links. Even* If he should re
move to one of the suburbs of San Fran
cisco it is quite as likely to be Belvedere
or Sausalito as Oakland. He would stUl
continue to play on the Presidio course.
So that, any hopes which "the Adams
Point golfers may have entertained of se
curing their adversaries' thunder are
doomed- to disappointment.
T is expected the tournament
%jf committee of the San Francisco
j. Jf Golf Club will soon prepare a
. schedule of events for the -win-
On the 19th inst. both the Corinthian
and California Yacht clubs will hold their
closing entertainment, the former at Ti
buron and the latter in the clubhouse on
Oakland Creek. The Jinks committee of
the Corinthian Yacht Club is hard at
work preparing for the closing entertain
ment. The committee is made up of E.
F. Sagar (chairman), W. Howe, J. V.
O'Brien, L. Harris, E. Angelo and Frank
W. Thompson. The closing entertain
ment of the San Francisco Yacht Club
will take place on Saturday, the '26th
inst., and the final cruise of the season
on the following day. ,
The yawl Phyllis, with Captain and
Mrs. Chlttenden on board, returned to
Sausalito last Sunday, having been on a
The command of the San Francisco
fleet has for some time past devolved on
Vice Commodore R. S. Bridgman, as
Commodore W. N. McCarthy, owing to
the illness of Mrs. McCarthy and the re
cent death of their Infant child, has had
no time nor inclination for yachting.
To-day the California and San . Fran
cisco fleets will take a cruise together In
the channel toward the Heads, as the
tide runs out until 12:4G p. m. The Cor
inthians have no event scheduled for to
day. Next Saturday they will cruise to
Corinthian Cove, and on the following
day will hold the annual Corinthian
games ashore.
were received by the members of
the San Francisco Yacht Club, refresh
ments being served and an informal en
tertainment given \u25a0 In their honor.' .
of the California Yacht
\ Club fleet cruised yesterday from
ttJB their moorings in Oakland Creek
over to . Sausalito, where they
Valuable Challenge Trcphy Is
Expected to Stimulate Compe
tition Among Club Members
letter and spirit a great deal of
mental worry. First comes Herman Oel
richs, a most honorable sportsman. He
asks the members of the Fish and Game
Commission the following question: ''Can
the steward of a pun c\ub have under his
charge ln»the stoieroom jit the shooting
box ducks exceeding fifty In number,. the
property of different members and the
result of their individual shooting?",
Interpreting the law as It stands, the
Commission officers have replied that the
steward of a club is liable to arrest if the
birds are kept in one room. Qualifying
this they add if the birds were in the
individual lockers of the members the
law would not be considered violated.
Manager Babcock of Hotel Coronado Is
also in a quandary. He has a shooting
lodge in* the country some distance from
his hotel. It has been his custom for
years to extend an invitation to the
sportsmen among his friends to spend a
few days with him in quest of ducks. As
they usually kill more than they can dis
pose of, they have had them placed In
cold storage at the hotel to be distributed
later among their friends by the steward.
As, under ordinary conditions, the num
ber of ducks thus on hand would expeed
fifty Mr. Babcock finds a stop put to the
hospitality which it has been his pleasure
JjeVetofore to dispense.. . • >
There seems no recourse In the courts
for those who feel they have a grievance.
In the Corriea case, wher© a dealer
claimed the right to have in his posses
sion, for sale, more than fifty doves, the
property of different men, the Supreme
Court denied the writ which was applied
lor. This means the contentions raised
by* Corriea were found to be without
merit. In effect it declares that part of
the game law constitutional and valid.
Laws Could Not Anticipate
/*ygT HE new game law limiting the
JT\ Individual bag to fifty birds in
W_M one day Is causing sportsmen
who wish to live up to Its exact
Curious Complications Develop
Which ihs Framers' of the
OAKLAND GOLFERS
WILL COMPETE FOR
THE GOOD ALL CUP
GAME LAWS PUZZLE
GUNMEN WHO WANT
. TO OBSERVE THEM
The sale of tickets for the regatta com
mittee's steamer Resolute on the annual
Admission day races 'realized about $tJ5,
thus considerably reducing the assess
ments of the clubs, which amount to
about $3 for each boat entered. During
the past week the. regatta committee of
the Pacific Inter-Club Yacht Association
met and made its final report to the
directors, who accepted it and awarded
thi cups,, flags, and certificates accord
ingly." The only question arose In the
yawl class, the California yawl Gypsle,
which 'finished first, being protested for
forcing the sloops Merope and Discovery
aooiit at th'c starting line. -
At ' the close of the season" Dr. T.L.
Hill will lay the sloop Cygnus up in the
Corte Madera Creek for the winter. He
will do a good deal of work on her be
fore the next season opens.
The committee appointed by the Pacific
Inter-Club Yacht Association to revise
th 3 signal code for use in San Francisco
Bay will not proceed with the work v at
present, as the maritime nations of the
world are on the point of adopting a
new international code, which will come
into operation on January 1, 1002. Until
that date either the old 6r. the new code
may be used.
J. R. Savoy of the sloop Juanlta, who
was recently the victim of a brutal at
tack in the street at night/ has recovered
and was able to go' out on a cruise last
week. , \u25a0 J . ...
two weeks' trip up the bay. Three days
were spent off Marin Islands. Benicla
and Vallejo were also visited.
The yawl Tramontana is lying off Sau
salito, but' will soon take .the moorings
of the steam, yacht El Primero, to the
north of the ferry slip, for the winter.
The steam yacht will go to Anticch. The
big- sloop Annie, flagship of. the Oakland
Cance Club, was out for a cruise last
Sunday in the upper bay. After a stay
of a fortnight or so at Alviso she will
take up moorings *at- Sausalito and wfll
probably remain in commission during
the* winter. G. E. Billlng3' sloop Nixie
has been copper-painted and at the close
of the season will be taken to her usual
winter quarters on Swanson's ways, Tlb
uron. Dr. A. W. McKenzie's. sloop Sapho
was out . cruising, last Sunday with her
owner on board. Shje will probably be
kept in commission during the winter as
the doctor has missed a good deal of sail
ing through his absence In the Eastern
States. .. ...'.-'
Sheltered Coves Will Protect Them
From the Winier Storms
Which Sweep Across the Bay
YACHTSMEN SELECT
WINTER MOORINGS
FOR THEIR BOATS
Dr. Simpson, Head Coach, Putting University of California Team Through Practice— Captain Womble in Position
To com© down to the present year, the
success of American oaremen at Henley
regatta has brought out the suggestion
that hereafter all foreign entries be- re
fused. It Is claimed thes© regattas origin
ally meant a week of pleasuring on the
river. The competitions were of a friendly
character and the men trained In a
desultory sort of way 'for them. When
the American crews and single scullers
went over all was changed. They settled
down to strict business such as they had
been accustomed to from the. first tlm©
they sat on a sliding seat in a practice
boat and, perforce. Englishmen had to
follow their strenuous methods. It is -to
do away with this and to return to the
dilettante attitude which prevailed before
the American Invasion that Englishmen
are making.
The punishment in Reiff's case is more
sever© than that meted out to Sloan. The
latter could visit the race courses— Relff
can not- As the New York Jockey Club
end the new California Jockey Club recog
nize the rulings of the English body, Reiff
is an outcast and cannot even jnter a
race co urea.
Thia is not England's first display of ill
nature In the \u25a0world of sport. In 1S84 a
cumber of English cyclists. Including
Percy Furnival and George Gatehouse,
/.gm» to this country and defeated the
beet men America could put forth at that
time. The best of feeling prevailed and it
waa thought it would lead to a number
of International competitions. Some years
later A- A. Zimmerman went to England
and won the majority of the National
Cyclists' Union championships, the blue
ribbon events of the cycling world. He
was followed by W. C. ganger, who re
peated the performance. There were
muttering* of discontent at the time over
foreigners winding these classic events.
The cup of bitterness overflowed the fol
lowing year when a German boy rode off
with the championship. The bars were
then put up and only English riders can
now compete.
With all their reputation as broad
minded sportsmen they cannot bear to see
their lavorite riders and athletes defeated
nor their pet institutions Invaded. Relff
committed an unforgivable ein when h©
•won the English "Derby for William C.
Whitney, an American.
withdrawal of Lester Reiff's
f ~ license by the stewards of the
£3 English Jockey Club has excited
more comment than did their ac
tion In the Sloan case. Tod's
heavy betting and more public life had
prepared the public for some such action.
With Reiff it was different. He led a quiet
life ard attended strictly to his business,
that of a jockey. At this distance- it seems
the English officials have strained a point
in order to bar from their rac© courses
the most successful rider of the year—
en American. - . •
Went to the Full Extent of Their
Powers to End Forever His
Successful Career as a Rider
STEWARDS' ACTION
IN REIFF MATTER
AN EXTREME ONE
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9against fires. The match, of course, nas
caused its fair quota of fires Jn the
world's history. Sometimes, when tha
sulphuric end is particularly dry, it is the
easiest thing in the world to stant a blaze
at the end. of a match. The slightest rub
may do it. But if the match Is not in good
condition, if it happens to be stubborn
and unfit, the situation is different. But
the nail Is always fit. The only thing
needed is for it to come In contact with
some other hard material" with sufficient
force to cause a spark and beat genera-
tlon. >ialls have really produced a heavy
per cent of the cotton fires of the countrs-
During recent years, on account of step*
taken by the owners and conductors of
the larger cotton and by-product nhntJ
at the instance of insurance^ men? the n"n
has not been such a prolific producer of
fires A way has been-found, for instance
In cdtton gins, cotton mills, and in plants
where cotton seed are put through man!
ufacturtng processes, of extracting nails
and other weighty and flinty subftances
that may. find lodgment ia these tafS££
mable products. Gravity Is the natural
force used. Nails and rocks and materials
of this kind are heavier than cotton and
its by-products, and they nave a tendency
to force their way to the bottom of the
heap. By allowing these products to pass
over a rolling belt arrangement these
heavier materials filter to the bottom and
are finally extracted; so that, when the
cotton or cotton seed pass tlfrou&h th»
grind In the various manufacturing pro
cesses there. Is but little clanger from flra
no far as these things are concerned.
There is profit, too, for these men who;
live on the products of the ocean, I am;
told that when the weather is favorable/
and the luck only fair the salary or profit;
derived from the sales ranges from $10 tq(
$25 a week. Of; cours'e, this varies withj
the different times of the year, and some,
like the rest of the world, are in continual
hard luck; but one watching the wind,
tide and moon and studying the habits ofi
the particular kind of fish he wishes, tq
catch will be rewarded, They say a good
definition of luck is "good judgment, early
hours and hard work."
"And do they always pay back? 1 ' I
asked Mr. Norris, when I repeated wha^
I had heard. He was not anxious- to dlsi
cuss the subject, but said that during al\
his nine years there he had "yet to find,
one of the fishermen that would go back,
on a friend."
*
For nine, yeara he has held this posrtfcv
and the .fishermen look upon him as j;
sort of godfather, angel and good friend,
which he certainly is. Mr. Norrls can
Jabber In patois, talk conventional Italian,
or American and do some excellent pan-i.
tomlme in Chinese. It has been his duty
to see that each one of the 150 boats land-,
ing at the wharf pays to the State tha
proper rent, which ranges from 25 cents
per week for the smallest skiffs to $1 a,
week for the lateen boats.
It Is said that sometimes when cun-i
tinued rough weather prevents a catch,
with a profit in it, and some of the least
lucky drop off on the luxury of macaroni
and eat just bread with their wine,
the wharf rent is paid promptly just thq
same, and. sometimes a few dollars
reach the toil-hardened palms when mos\
needed. •
Fires Caused by Nails
Luncheon over, we were all curiosity to
see the net pulled in. For this process the
boats slow up, the men take their places
in the stern, and the ropes are taken up
until the "brails," or wooden portion of
the net, Is sighted, then a few turns
around the 'gypseys of the winch are
taken, both ropes are then put In charge
of the tug furnished with block and tackle
on the boom of the main mast. By this
the net is drawn up like a bag, then
As it neared the noon hour everybody
found a comfortable seat and waited for
"breakfast"; did not wait very patiently
either, for the salty air gives one a royal
appetite. Great round loaves of bread
were brought out a'nd sliced in no dainty
proportions. Vpon piwrs about an inch
thick were placed good sized of
beefsteak. Another inch slice of bread
was added to this. Then the novel sand
wiches, with an onion to each, were pass
ed around. After this— as we were "com
pany"—an especial entree of fish prepared
fisherman's style was served.
Now whoever goes out In a fishboat, if
they have the good fortune not to be sick,
should Insist upon having a dish of
"Chesplni." This is the way to make it.
My authority is a scrap of soiled paper
written In Italian. Translated, It says:
"Put Into kettle half glass of sweet oil,
one clove of garlic, two large tomatoes,
two chili peppers, one glass of white
wine; prepare fresh fish, cut in small
squares, drop Into the sauce and cook
three minutes; serve hot/' It really tastes
much better than it sounds.
bag sideways in the water, and of course
miss all the fish. It takes two tugs for a
drag. These move along s:de by s'de. the
wheels of each revolving just so many
times to the minute in order' to keep the
drag straight. In the stern of each boat
stands a man holding one end of tha
great net, which is about seventy feet
long. One side of this is weighted so that
when the tw<r ends are simultaneously
cast out the net, which is a three-inch
mesh, in order to let a!l the small fish
slip through, stretches cut like a screen
between the two boats; then the men at
the stern pay out the rope until the
weighted side is in about forty famoms
of water.
All this time the boats are in motion
and the net is dragged for an hour or
more. It takes four men and one "boss"
to each boat, not counting the captain,
fireman, etc.
SPEAKING of insurance matters,"
said a listener,- "I suppose, the
plain, old-fashioned nail has caused
more fires in the big establishments
where machinery is used in many and
complicated ways than any other . littls
thing In existence. The cigarette stub ha3
played Its part. Ditto, the cigar stump.
Occasionally sparks have fallen from the
ditcher's pipe into a. wad of material eas
ily ignited, and a fire has been the result.
Sparks have oozed out from smokestacks"
and engines of various .' kinds with the"
same results. .And there is the match, tha
deadly and dreaded match, the awful en
emy of the men who are engaged in the
business of betting, if I may say, it.
One of the most popular characters of
this little world all by itself is the Col
lector'of wharfage rent, Luther G. Norria..
Saturday is the fishermen's Sunday. No
beats go out on" that day, the fish for
Monday being caught on our day of rest,
but the men and boys congregate on the
wharf just the same, and a wholesale
mending of nets takes place. Sitting
tailor, fashion, the operator weaves the
shuttle back and forth patching up a great
hole In no time; and this, too, Is the social
gathering of the week, and here the real
"fl&h" stories, tales of sea serpents and
mermaids, adventures with whales, etc.,
aro exchanged, and to the outsider this
Italian wit and imagination is a revela
tion. What capital dime novel writers
some of these dwellers of the wharf would'
make If given an opportunity.
Back of the long building which Is used
as a market when an over supply of fish
comes in, is a dyeing or tanning depart
ment. Here nets and sails are soaked in
a strong solution of tan. This colors them
a pretty shade of coffee brown* and at the
same time adda to their durability, for
nets and sails so treated withstand the
wear and tear, giving several years', ser
vice over the untanned ones.
These baskets when full are let down
still lower, swished around in the water
to wash off the contents, then hauled up
and the fish are packed standing as it
were, heads all up, into boxes which are
rapidly loaded into wagons.
The same scene is being repeated from
different parts of the long wharf, and at
each new arrival the interests of the
onlookers swerve, for every one is curious
to see the hatches opened and get a
glimpse of the catch. Groups of China
men jabber, examine the fish as though
they were purchasing diamonds, then
when the Italian dealer begins to say
picturesque things in his native tongue,
which somehow the. heathen seem to
comprehend, they fill up their baskets
quickly, hand over the money and shufHa
over to the crabbers to repeat the jabber
ing and haggling.
An interesting portion of Fisherman's
wharf, which, by the way, has been,
moved to the foot of Stockton street, is
the net department. All the length of the
companion wharf f^he nets are hung out
to dry. The great bundle of white corka,
the ficaters, lie bleaching In the sun and
are admittedly a great temptation to the
visiting artists with a hobby for gathering
studio decorations.
slowly lowered and the catch is de^ *»*rft'.'ci
on the deck, where the rubber booted men
port the various kinds and pack them in
separate compartments in the hold. . .A.
moderate catch is about fifty boxes,
seventy pounds to the box. comprising all
kinds— flounder, tomcod, sefibass. codfish,
and occasionally small sharks. Crabs, too,
are taken up in the dragnets, sometimes
an octopus, ind not infrequently the nets
are torn into shreds by some 'deep sea.
monster becoming entangled". As a rule,
two or tjiree drags are sufficient to fill tlia
demand, but on Thursday the boats re
main out longer, in order to provide
material for Friday's increased, sale.
From 4 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon from
Fisherman's wharf the launches, skiffs
and tugs can be seen coming in, looking
like a flock of brown birds as they near
the harbor. From the deck of- our boat,
as we steamed into the still water, wo
could see the little army of helpers rusli
ing about, getting ready to unload— and
here comes really the lively part of the
day, for the. wholesalers send down
wagons to be loaded : t the enterprising
Chinamen troop In with their Immense
baskets balanced on a pole over tha
shoulder; 'Americans. Including artists,
students and just loungers, stand about
watching the process of putting the fish
into the baskets, which are lowered by. a
man on the wharf.
From these boats, suspended over the
sides, are the large round nets with a
smaller circular net containing the bait
of fresh beef liver or sardines. These are
towered sometimes six or eight to one
boat. When raised the greenish creatures
seemingly all legs are dumped into the
boat and the process of lowering the nets
Is repeated.
The water Is never quite calm out here
and many a time a wave slips smoothly
over the decks of the brave little
launches, but the fishermen heed them
not. Perhaps they exert the mental
science power and say, "I -will not- catch
cold; I only came to catch crabs." If
they do the scheme works beautifully, for
•we never hear of a fisherman with a cold.
"We tried the same Idea to ward off sea
slckness, and It proved most satisfactory,
although the boat was rocking in the
most undignified manner — in fact, it was
so rough that the fishermen despaired of
a good day's catch, but we knew that if
we were ill we 6hould not see all those
-queer looking fish and things, possibly a
sea serpent that would come to surface
when the draz was raised.
When not far from the Farallones,
which for fishing ground shares popular
ity with Grcggs Bay, Bolinas and the
waters off Point Reyes, the head fisher
man gave orders to cast the net. Now
this" throwing out of the net with the up
to-date tug fishing is one of the most Im
portant parts of the fisherman's duty, for
if it is net cast out exactly straight "it will
It may be the fashion in boats, but more
likely the change is due to prosperous
times wiih those salad catchers, for the
old-time skiff with the little brown sail,
which As a cause of many a capsize in
the treacherous winds and cross currents
of the coast, is supplanted by the thor
oughly up-to-date little gasoline launch,
which chugs, chugs through the water
with a great deal more speed and, judg
ing 1 from the_ falling off of bay accidents,
jnore safety. , *
of one of the large fishing com
panies of the bay. Two o'clock in the
morning— ye gods! what an unearthly
hour to begin one's daily work. Get
ground that eariy? Well, yes. and con
gratulated myself for the opportunity,
for it is something like winning a prize
in a church fair to be honored with a
permit to go out with the fisherfolk.
At the appointed hour, 2 o'clock one
morning, the cabman left a sleepy trio
down at the old seawall where the goodr
sized fishing tug was already puffing out
a column of black smoke that curled up
and mingled with the veil of fog that
hung over the water. ,
We were ushered aboard by the hospit
able captain and found seating places
where we were least in the way. shifting
occasionally to Jet the bundle of nets
be etowed, or to get out of the way of
a coil of rope that dripped tiny streams
of ealt water on deck and then listened.
Have you ever heard orders given in
hurried patois of Italian-French-Amerir
can? If not you have missed a treat,
for those sons of the sea all have musical
voices, strange to say. It may be the
ealty air, or it may be the diet of garlic,
for I have heard somewhere that the
latter is excellent for * the voice, should
one have the courage to use it. At any
rate these folks have no nasal twang,
nor have they gruffly throaty tones.
Clear, reverberant and musical through
the fog came the mingled chatter, livened
by an occasional laugh, for evidently the
presence of strangers is a novelty and
therefore somewhat conducive to good
nature. Then, perhaps, we looked so like
"greenhorns." using a nautical term, that
they anticipated seeing our complexions
turn color when we neared the choppy
water out beyond the heads. Any way
their chatter and laughter was their
secret and we enjoyed it just the same.
At last "All abcaru and off we went,
cutting through the water at good sp<=ed,
last Aleatraz whkh looked like the huge
giant with an eye In the middle of his
forehead of our childhood's fairy tales,
Jcr the lamp in the lighthouse winked
and b!ir.?-ed through the mist, which en
velops everything in a sort of phantasm.
Tlirci gh the Gclden Gate, and the cap
tain showed us where the ill-fated Rio
cie Zi*arlro was supposed to lie, and set
us to Lii'nking of things not cheerful,
tintil ct:r iittc-ntion was attracted by the
seemingly hundreds of small crab boats
circling £ round the Cliff House and oft
Point LJcnila, lor right here is one of
the richest crabbing fields of the coast.
VERY well, our boat sails at 2 In
the morning. If you can get
around that early I will write you
out a permit," said the manager
A DAY WITH
THE FISHERMEN
THE ST/NDAY OAIit.'
GEORGE BARR BCCUTCHEON,
AUTHOR OF THE DRAMATIC
ROMANCE "GRAUSTARK."
GtORGE BARU McCUTCHEOX. the
first installment of whose dramatic
romance, "Graustark," Is soon to
apptar in the Sunday Call, has
leaped into fame at one bound, and with
this striking contribution to current fic
tion has taken his place among the best
novelist* of the day. Everybody who has
read "Graustark" praises it without stint.
Miss Jeannette L.. Gilder, who will dram
atize the story _ for Mary Mannering. is
captivated with it, and Miss Mannering
herself, who will play during the ap
proaching season the Princess, says she
likes it better than she does Anthony
Hope's "Prisoner of Zenda." Mr. Mc-
Cutcheon is another Indiana man who has
won fame and fortune in letters. He was
born near Lafayette and was educated at
Purdue University. He began his career
as a newspaper man with the Lafayette
Horning Journal, and afterward engaged
himself with the Daily Courier of that
city. He is a brother of John T. Mc-
Cutcbeon, the well-known illustrator, and
Is himself a very clever artist. Arrange
ments are being made for tha production
el "Graustark" am a play. In London,
-RO^D RUNNSR, XTNS SNAKE - AND RATTUER.
5:\ a country where a quarter of a cen
tury eco a rattlesnake was to be
found under every rock and In every
hillock, the reptile ia rapidly becom
es a rarity, says the New York Sun.
With his human relative, the Apache, the
rattler is disappearing from Arizona, and
Is now found only In the most isolated
districts.
To the advance of civilization und the
unremitting warfare of the road runner
and the king eoake may be attributed
the extermination of the rattler. Wher
ever irrigation has fountii its way the rat
tlesnake has been driven to higher ground,
and there the prospector and miner have
el-iin him whenever and wherever found.
The roaa runner, that long-legged feath
ered warrior, has done his part, and done
it well.
aiuch resembling, but more lightly con-
structed than the fighting cock, the road
runner is one of the most dreaded enemies
of the rattler. In fact, so great are his
snake killing propensities that heavy pen
alties are provided by the Territorial sta
tutes as a protection to him from the gun
of the hunter. Apparently Immune to the
venom in the poison sac of the rattler, the
road runner attacks the largest snake
with impunity, and has never been known
to loee a fight. Frequently, indeed, the
road runner has been known to battle
with and kill a pair of large diamond rat
tlers whose total weight was five times
that cf his own.
Not so common an enemy to the rattle
snake, • but no less deadly. Is the king
snake, a species of the bull snake family.
Rarely seen in the lower countries, but
often found in the northern forests and
higher mountains, the king snake wages
constant warfare on the rattler, and when
his great lithe form coils around the body
of the rattlesnake the life of the latter is
a matter of only a few seconds. >
Herbert Housland, a prospector, had an
experience with a rattler, a king snake
and a road runner a few days ago which
he will not soon forget. He was with a
party in the Bradshaw Mountains, south
of Prescott, and was guarding camp for
the day. He had lain down to sleep when
he was suddenly aroused to find a great
rattlesnake coiled upon his breast.
"I almost suffocated from fearing to
breathe lest I should be bitten,',' -he said.
"The snake was greatly excited, and in
a minute I saw the cause. A king snake
was trying to excite the rattler to com
bat, and my person was the chosen battle
ground. The king snake had probably
forced the rattler to refuge upon my body,
and following up his aggressive tactics
was running in a circle around the rattler
very rapidly. He crossed my breast from
left to right and my thighs from right to
left, and within less than a foot of the
rattler's body.
"The velocity of the snake was most
wonderful.* It seemed to be one continu
ous ring, and part of the time I could
seemingly see three or four rings at once.
I made a slight movement with my right
foot, which attracted the rattler's atten
tion for an Instant, and that was fatal to
him. At that. one false movement of his
eyes the king snake darted and seized the
rattler by the throat, close up to his head,
and began instantly to coll around his
victim. "" .
"They, rolled oft me in their death
struggle and became one tangled mass for
ten minutes, when the rattler's sounds
died away gradually. While IT lay ex
hausted from my irlght a road runner
durted out. of a bush and grabbing the
two . snakes * in . his beak began -to drag
them away. The weight was too great,
but he killed the king snake by a blow
from his long bill, and ran ' away as I
arose and threw the two reptiles into the
bushes, and there the bird and his mate
devoured them."
MUSTCAU SSNtTStRV TS LATEST PARIAN FAD-
mUSICAL dentistry is the latest
discovery in Paris. It has been
taken up by a well known phy
sician, who expounded it before
the Paris Academy of Medicine, and it
has thus received the sanction of high
scientific authority. The method consists
in drawing teeth to the sounds of sweet
music. A usually trying operation be
comes, it is stated, not only painless, but
quite pleasant, when conducted in tMs
way. The physician addressed the
academy meeting- on 'behalf of a Pans
dentist, \u25a0 who has already applied the
musical method with- success. The idea
of the new proqess was first suggested by
observation of patients under the.influ
ence of anaesthetics, the drug used being
nitrogen protoxide in , vapors. As Is
known, the incipient effect of the latter is
to' produce In nearly every case disagree
able, sometimes almost unbearable, sensa
tions, resembling those experienced '{ in
nightmare. The dentist' in question came
to the conclusion that this preliminary
ordeal of bad dreams at the commence
ment of the anaesthetic influence was
caused by the perception of noised around
by the mind when in a State of still
partial consciousness. Why not soothe
patients into the required condition of
temporary oblivion by sweeter 3ounds?
The dentist tried the experiment, and he
and his patients were alike charmed witn
the result. The latter were as good as
gold; the tooth-pulling operations, not
being Interfered with by the groans or
contortions of 'sufferers, were performed
with. the greatest ease, and on recovering
consciousness all . that pai.ents remem
bered were bars of. the "Lohengrin" over
ture, for example, still softly singing in
their ears.* ;The ; n«w method having been
Invented, nothing remained but to bring
it to its greatest' possible pitch of per
fection. The obvious difficulties in the
way of dentists habitually- keeping bands,
solo singers and choirs en the premises
were avoided by means of- powerful
phonographs. Now the operator whose
new method has been revealed to the
Academy of Medicine regularly uses a
machine of this kind. The patient puts
the tubes to his ears, the music is started,
the gas administered, and shortly after
ward the occupant of the once dreaded
dental chair awakens . from pleasant
dreams to see the smiling surgeon show
ing him hi3 tooth. Of course a varied
choice of musical selections can— and.
indeed, should — be made to suit different
temperaments and teeth. Without going
into these particular questions the phy
sician spoke quite enthusiastically about
the new process to the assembled
academicians. He Is eager to apply tho
musical method to surgical operations in
general. He intends making experiments
of his own in this direction, and he hop-*d
that some of his hearers would <to llks
wise.—London Telegraph.
be does not hesitate to send languishing
glances and coo at other lady birds. -This
is tolerated by his mate, who is always
faithful until he gets sick or dies; then
she seeks another partner without delay.
The nesting begins when the pigeons
are about six months old. It takes eight
een days for the two eggs that are laid
at a setting to hatch. The male bird di
vides the time on the nest with his mate,
going on duty about 9 in the morning,
giving her an hour or two to fly around,
eat, drink and take her bath. Later in
the day he takes another turn.' The fe-
ONE of the most remarkable meteors
recorded in history is known 'as
the New Jersey meteor of Novem
ber 15, 1859. At S:CU o'clock in the
morning the rnetecr appeared in the
heavens over the southern part of New
Jersey. It was so brilliant that, although
the sun v. r as unclouded and had an eleva
tion of 20 degrees above the horizon, the
flash attracted attention as fur north as
Albany and Boston and as far south as
Fredericksburg, Va. Its path was ap
parently downward, and if left behind a
cloud of rounded form like a puff of
smoke. Scon after the flash a series of
terrific explosions was heard like the dis
charge of a thousand cannon. These were
heard throughout Delaware and the
greater part of New Jersey. It was com
puted that the height of this meteor
when first 'seen was sixty miles, and
when it exploded its height was over
twenty mile?. The length of its visible
path wan more than forty miles. It de
scribed this path in two seconds, so that
its velocity, relative to that of the earth,
was twenty miles per second. The
column of smoke resulting from the ex
plosion was a thousand fct in diameter
ar.d several miles in length.
On August 2. 1SC0, about 10 o'clock at
nijrht. a magnificent ball of firs was seen
throughout the whole region from Pitts
burgh to New Orleans, and from Charles
ton to St. Louis. It was equ*>l in size to
the full moon, and before its disappear
ance broke into fragments.
NPTASWS METEORS 9M HT&tORY-
male bird se'dom goes far from the ne?t
and is always ready to return at a mo
ment's notice, the more so if sho has had
her bath. At three weeks the squabs are
ready for market and by the time they
nre fa!rly out of the way the mother blnl
is ready to lay more eggs. After the squab
begins to fly it falls off in weight and for
a period is not readily marketable.
The red-tailed hawk is the worst enemy
cf the pigeons at this ranch. Next coraa
rats. But neither of these destroy an ap
preciable number. A remarkable fact in
connection with Mr. Johnson's establish
ment is that the pigeons never leave tha
ranch and seldom go beyond the large
wire fence that surrounds the yard.
HAMILTON WRIGHT.
dark squats now. \Yhlte birds present a
better appearance. They look bigger and
they sell better. Three years ago my
birds were most all dark, but over three
quarters are white now." The squabs nre
selected in the morning. They bra
p!accd in a cr.-ito. where they are allowed
to remain until evening, nt which time
th«y are killed and dressed.
When selecting the!r homes the male
bird takes posFP«»sicn of a r.cst first. Tlicri
the female flies excitedly around making
a pretense of finding a better location. As
she flics past the various coops contain
ing the malm ouch one tries to coax her
to take up her abode with h|m. When slu
finally selects a companion he drives hlie
out perhaps three or four times: If srie
persists in returning they are mated.
In pigeon life the male Ijlrd is inclined
to be fickle. He has tut one mate, yet
The young birds are filled with an enor
mous Quantity of grain. They sesm to ab
sorb It. "I'm trying to raise a:i white
stock," remarks the pigeon rmcher, as he
selects a large number of dark equabs
for the market. "I'm only selling off my
"Here's one, now. Got diphtheria." and
he pulls a three-weeks old "squealer"
from the nest. The bird has a large
swollen neck. The proprietor regards it
caressingly for a moment, then separates
the vertebra of the neck with his thumb.
Another bird, a "peeper," ten days old.
has become badly bruised and must be
killed to avoid future misery. Three or
four old birds, "Died of old age, per
haps," are found lying at the foot of
the lofts. Sometimes as many as twenty
five birds are found dead of a morning.
"They all know me; thnt is. all of the eld
ones know me." says Mr. Johnson, "and
I know a good many of them." True
enough* some of the birds will suffer him
to catch them while they are wary of a
stranger.
"They die sometimes," says Mr. John
son, as he cenducts his visitor over the
farm. • \u25a0
The farm is a picturesque sight, espe
cially at feeding time, when- the birus
swarm the place, picking their way daint
ily over the ground, a mass of gray and
white flutterers. Now and then there is
a whirr cf wings as the birds start sud
denly from their lofts and wheel in great
spirals ever the ranch, finally settling
in a dense cloud upon the streamlet in the
river bed where they' drink and bathe.
nests are also sprinkled with insect pow
der and sulphur. Early each morning
Mr. Johnson or his assistant spreads a
good-sized pile of straw about the ranch
grounds, so that the pigeons may find
plenty of material at hand for -nesting
purposes.
fortable income of 512,(00 per annum.
If allowed to bleed uninterruptedly and
provided with nroper housings and food
these pigeons and their offspring would
amount to 120.000 birds the lirst year and
iftObjODO birds the second year.
Three years ago Mr. Johnson purchased
eight acres of land in the Los Angeles
River bottom. Upon it he constructed a
gigantic pigeon loft 24 feet wide. 69 feet
long and IS feet high. This loft is faced
on every side of tht exterior by ten "tiers
of nefcUL The interior is also devoted to
nesting. Eight narrow aisles afford the
passageway to their homes of thousands
Cff pigeons. On each side of every aisie
the line of nests extends the entire length
cf the building from floor to ceiling. This
immense main loft has 5009 nests. Ths
resting placei are so overcrowded that
many birds nest en the ground.
The ranch was originally stocked with
S0O0 birds, 2000 cf which were purchased
from one man. These comprised his entire
outOt, which at that time occupied the
largest pigeon ranch in the world. So re
markably rapid was the increase of these
birds — each pair being capable of produc
ing at least six pairs of squabs during the
year— that additional quarters were built,
60 that now there are six lofts on the
ranch, each crowded to Us utmost capac
ity.
When the pigeons are six months old
they select their mates and go to nesting.
During the late. fall, winter and spring
there are often cs many as 400 dozen
squabs produced monthly, though at the
present time, oeing molting season, not
over forty dozen are hatched monthly. On
an average 250 dozen squabs are sent to
market every month. The market price
cf squabs varies all the way from $1 50 to
53 per dozen, in Los Angeles about $3 per
dozen is the usual market price. During
the season when they are scarce squabs
Eometimes bring es much as 510 per dozen.
The quantity of food consumed by this
mighty host of pigeons Ie enormous.
Twelve sacks of screenings, eight sacks of
•wheat, in addition to a great caldron of
boiled meal, are eaten by this extensive
family daily. Three or four barrels of
stale bread soaked in water are given
during the week. It costs $15 a day to
feed the pigeons. The main requisite to
large, healthy birds and prolific Increase
is an abundance of food of the proper
character.
This gigantic pigeon ranch is conducted
upon scientific and systematic lines. AH
the waste is utilized, The feathers of
the 36.000 squabs which have been dressed
and marketed during the year are sent to
the upholstery departments of great fur.
niture factories. From twelve to fifteen
\u25a0wagon-loads of guano— as much in each
load as two horses- can haul— are re
moved froin the ranch every year.
Once every week the lofts are thorough
ly disinfected with a solution of carbolic
acid sprayed from a large syringe. The
Eijuabs a month.
And they net their proprietor the com-
TO make a living out of billing and
cooing— that sounds easy, doesn't
It?
Moreover, It sounds improbable.
You have already decided that it
Is a pretty fiction and are moralizing on
the flimsy illusions of love in a cottage.
Wrong. There Is a man near Los An
geles who is doing it. He is not only
making a living-, but a good one. In fact,
he finds his billirg and cooing proposition
nets him 512,000 per annum. Which is neat,
to eay the least.
He has a pig-eon ranch.
It is the only one in America, the largest
in the world and it sends as many as 233
dozen equals lo maiket every month. This
means a big bu^ine.^s and enough to keep
one duuo pretty well occupied. In Europu
there are small farms raising pigeons;
they are to Johnson's ranch what a Japa
nese grartien is to Oolden Gate Park..
This is a new industry in America. Most
industries are developed at the cost of
xr.ar.y a failure, but not so with this. It
has been paying almost from the first.
It is owned by T. Y. Johnson, living In
the suburbs of Los Ar.geies. He starred,
out cjx a. brand new industry in America
even now, and it is a giant in size, com
bined with the pigeou ranches of the Oid
World.
Mr. Johnson has 13,000 adult birds in his
gigantic lofts.
These pigeons produce over 230 dozen
THE SUNDAY CALL.
CALIFORNIA'S
MOST UNIQUE
RANCH
11THE SUNDAY CALL.
places In the- United States Where a house
can be obtained situated on a hill com
manding-such a view of city, bay and
mountain range.
' Much, to Uio credit o£ California is the
lTberallty of the Crocker Estate Company
in placing such a house at Mr. Morgan's
disposal for the entertainment of the
guests of the convention, and in addition
to that W.'H. Crocker has given up hia
hous*. standing In the corner of tne old
homestead lot, for the use of Bishop Pot
ter of New York. The photographic
views of the Charles Crocker house which,
are reproduced, herewith are published for
tt « »"* tta«.*nd are from negattre.
and will take views of ail important a«t
•emblagea and froupa.
. The entire interior of. the place is deco
rated lavishly and with. a minuteness of
detail which is seldom seen In houses of
any sort. The reason for- this was that
the designing of the woodwork and orna
ments was given to men .who- were used
to the construction of palace cars, and
they bestowed, the same care upon the
house tha,t they, would have put on a car
which was intended to stand the racking
of its hundreds of thousands of miles' of
Journeys. " : •.
Mirrors, and carved wood £Vte to be seen
everywhere, and the floors are mosalced
with colored woods in patterns as fine in
i tracery. ; as strong in design and as' rich
. in as the Oriental rugs which lie
scattered about on them.' ' \u25a0\u25a0' .
': The chandpliers of the house have al
ways bjeen lie pride, having been mod
eled upon, those in the palace *of .the
Tuilerles, and It costs more to clean and
- polish "on<v of them than would "'keep an
ordinary family in 'coal oil for a year.
Each is composed of cut glass tub?8 for
conveying' the gas -and Is \u25a0. ornamented
with a wealth of cut. glass .prisms,, pend
ants and globes, which dazzle like a cata
ract of diamonds when illuminated at
night. Mural decoration is the keynote
-of the place^ rather than an , abundance
of small furniture; and" "the bric-a-brac^
which Js on a ir.assive scale, does not de-'
tract from the general .appearance of
roominess. • ; ••..'\u25a0 ."*•\u25a0.*" :
. Bronze and mcrble statuary Is scattered
with profusion about the drawing-rooms
'and art gallery. -tis well as in the recep
tion hall, each of the figures or groups be
ing masterpieces that won continental
fame before their purchase by Mr. Crock
er.
The library in which many of the un
official conferences of the bishops are be
ing held is richly paneled in East Indian
woods, with wall and celling frescoes by
Tojettl. while the. ebony and gold furni
ture with-r^ch morocco upholstery imme
diately suggests and invites quiet and con
templation. Like,' every other room in the
house, the library is "profusely lighted
with ornate chandeliers and sconces.
It Is always Mr. Morgan's delight to get
the largest and most commodious . house
which he can secure when attending the
conventions, and/- then to entertain as
many people as. the house will hold, which
Is the only limit to his hospitable Inten
tion. The present visit will undoubtedly
Cive him satisfaction, for ther* are lev
Mr. Morgan is. passionately fond of flor
al display In profusion, and gave order*
that the house was to be decorated to its
best during hla stay. The result is that
one feels as though he was In a gar
den rather thii a four- walled dwelling.
Massive doors of polished oriental woods
roll back into the walls, disclosing a hall
of magnificent size, which is filled with
jardinieres of flowerlns plants. On the
right of this hall opens a .drawing-room,
extending^ along ' California-street;, front,
and on the left is the spacious, art gal
lery. At the end of the hall, opposite the
entrance, is a broad flight of stairs almost
its full width, which by reason of N the
height of the first and second stories of
the house gives an effect of perspective to
the vista which first presents itself to the
visitor. This impression of great size is
carried throughout the house and gives a
suggestion of amplenesa which is never
attained by smaller reception halls.
The broad granite steps whlch.lead from
California street are of easy rise and end
at a wide portico, the floor of which is
Yichly'mosaiced wIlfTcblored Italian fnar
bie«. \u25a0 « • / » .. »
Mrs. C. B. Alexander (formerly Hattle
Crocker) was the last one of the
family occupying the house. She
and Mr. Alexander left in th>tr
private car but a few- days be
fore the employes of Mr. Morgan ar
rived from the East to arrange the place
for the reception of the. .numerous guests
whom their master is. entertaining. Fif
teen house servants were sent out by Mr.
Morgan in advance. In addition to' them
he brought .with Jiim.on. his private train
Ix)uls Sherr.y, New York's famous caterer.^
who conducts an ' eight-story -. . jotlsserle,/
the roof garden of which looks down upon
Delmonieo's uptown place. i
The Crocker house was built for the
comfort cf its inmates above everything
else. There is an air' of- homelike quiet
abcut ' it which impresses from the
time one first isets foot on <he side
walk? where Mrs. Crocker used- to make
the children of. the , neighbors welcome to
coast on their wagons, and glide on their
skates. " : - .;,'\u25a0. • . -;. ' V*- -• «
W PIERPONT MORGAN, America's
I richest and the world's most pro- -
\ Etesaive milionaire. Is settled
• down for three weeks to keep open
house in the Charles Crocker
mansion, on "Nob Hill." The house, sur
rounded • by Its broad lawr.s and inclosed
with an Iron fence having massive gran
ite pillars and copings, occupies almost
the entire block bounded "by "California,"
Taylor, Sa^ramL-nto and Jones streets.
Mr. Morgan is here in accordance with'
a custom which he has followed for the
last twenty years of attending as a" lay
delegate every triennial convention of the
Episcopal church, ana beside? giving his
undivided time to its temporal business
he also takes -jpon himself the responsi
bility of suitably entertaining the various
eminent divines who are present.
For Dearly a quarter of a century the
Charles Crocker house' nas crowned the
eminence which was derisively nicknamed
Xob Hill at the time that the big four
men of the Pacific railroads, .Stanford,
Crocker. y Hopkins end Colton. each
built a palace on its crest. Of the whole
four booses the Crockers* "is the only one
which remains to -be- permanently usse-i
for dwelling and entertainments, and
that Is largely owing to Its extremely
commodious arrangements, for though it
combines beauty and elegance '1n its In
terior It was primarily arranged for the
comfort of its inmates, as Its original
owner was essentially a home man.
Few houses In the West are so happily
situated and constructed for the purpose
of entertaining large numbers of busy
visitors as the Charles Crocker place.
Containing over seventy rooms, some of
them of creat size, and In addition a
kitchen and Its adjuncts which are larger
and more complete than those of the best
modern .hotels, it is no tax upon the place
to entertain scores of visitors at once.
Ever since the death of Charles Crocker
the house has been kept in readiness for
any members of the family who choose to
return to the paternal rooftree, just as
they were' wont In the old times when
they were yet young, unmarried, and be-
Xcre the death of their parents.
THE CHAS. CROCKER RESIDENCE WHICH
WILL BE OCCUPIED BY S. PIERPANT
MORGAN AND FAMILY
12ALLEGED USE OF THE WORD
"SANTIAGO" FOR "CIENFUEGOS"
BY SAMPSON IS FULLY ARGUED
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct. 5.— A semi-official
denial was issued to-day of the statement
that the kidnapers of the American mis
sionary, Miss Helen Stone, and her com-
Ho Trace of the Brigands.
destroy or capture the band of abductors
as soon as their captive is at liberty.
Quick action following her release may,
result in the capture of the money and
lead to the punishment of all concerned
in her abduction.
A telegram was received to-day from H^
C. Haskell, one of the missionaries at
Samokov, Bulgaria, saying: "Assure thfll
family everything is being done."
Friends of the Abducted Missionary Trying to Raise the Big
Ransom Demanded by the Brigands, Fearing a Display
of Force by Bulgaria Might Cause Her Murder*
AMERICA APPEALS TO RUSSIA
TO USE ITS GREAT INFLUENCE
TO AID MISS STONE'S RESCUE
SOME OF THE IMPORTANT WIT
NESSES in" the naval con
troversy NOW BEING AIRED.
MISS HELEN M. STONE. THB
AMERICAN MISSIONARY AB
DUCTED BT BRIGANDS.
Captain Lemly theu requested that all
the papers in Admiral Schley's possession
bearing upon the case be supplied, and
Raynor replied that Uie Admiral (Schley)
had no more papers.
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson was
then called to correct his testimony of
yesterday. He was asked by Captain
Lemly about his correspondence with Ad
miral Schley, concerning what the Judge
Advocate denominated a newspaper "col
loquy. The witness took exception to the
use of the word "colloquy," and Captain
Lemly replied that this was the witness'
own characterization.
The letters were then read by the Judg#
Advocate, Commander Hodgson Identi
fying the various documents as they were
separately presented. Raynor said that
If desired the letters would be accepted
as evidence and that they could be print
ed without being read. Captain Lamly
replied, however, that he considered that
the letters have an important bearing
upon the precept »nd that therefore he
preferred to read them.
While the reading of the letters be
tween Admiral Schley and Lieutenant
Commander Hodgson and newspaper ar
ticles bearing upon the correspondence
was in progress, Raynor objected to the
reading of one of the newspaper state
ments as Irrelevant. The readiiig had re
quired considerable time.
Admiral Dewey— These things could all
have been printed. You are taking valu
able time here. "We want facts— facts.
We don't want newspaper articles. We
have ruled these out. Cannot these mat
ters be printed? : ' *.- ;
Captain Lemly— Then they would be In
evidence. Do Vou mean you don't want
them at all?
Admiral Dewey— We want them. Could
they not be printed like other papers?
Raynor— We Vant everything that
All Papers Bequested.
change was made before the letter was
copied and sent. \u25a0 I will add that the
punctuation is as I stated yesterday in
the press copy." i
He also ,*t the request of Admiral
Schley's counsel introduced another copy,
"in which," he said, "you will see there
was no correction. It appeared originally
as Santiago."
The court examined the original papers
of the press copy with care and it was
agreed that the papers should again be
printed in the record.
dated May 20, 1898, the question being a3
to the final name at the end of the first
paragraph, whether it should be ICIen
fuegos' or 'Santiago.' I have the original
and the name appears 'Santiago' and ap
pears over an erasure. I Invite atten
tion to the fact that In the press copy
book it is Santiago, which shows that the
The gigantic scope of the Associated
Oil- Company's plans can be summed up
briefly. One of its purposes_is^tq_bulld a
pipe line from Bakersfleld to "some point
at tide water to be selected. This will
cost several million dollars. Tanks will
be erected at San Francisco and else
where as deemed advisable capable of
holding many ; hundred thousand barrels
of oil in the aggregate. The articles of
. Canfleld Qll Company, Black Jack. Wolverine,
Alma, Henrietta. Olema, Alma Jr., Alpha,
Senator. Chicago Crude, Central Point, Toltec.
Red Bank, Green & Whlttler, Colossal, Reed
Crude Oil. Linda Vista, Sterling, Sovereign,
Calif ornfa-Standard, Giant, San Joaquin OH.
Monte Crlsto Oil, Shamrock. Claremont, Pied
mont and all of the Canfield oil companies in
the McKltttrlck district
These have a great annual output of oil
and scores, of producing wells. There are
producing companies in the Kern districts
that have not taken any action toward
joining" the new v corporation. Some of
these, it is explained, have made contracts
for the disposal of their total product for
a long period, and this- fact has undoubt
edly influenced them.
Plans Are Gigantic. .
The promoters, of whom W. S. Porter
has been the most prominent, have the
assurance of the representatives of the
companies that their stockholders are
likely to take favorable action and ratify
what has been done. Payments will be
made for the existing properties In ac
cordance with the reports of the experts
who were sent to the Kern and McKit
trick fields some months ago. The capital
of J40.000.000 of the Associated Oil Com
pany, the isue of which is authorized by
the articles of incorporation, will pay for
all assets of companies and leave a mar
gin.
The leading companies to have their
properties consolidated In the new cor
poration are: \u25a0
As explained last evening by Henry
Ach, who has been a strong advocate of
the idea of consolidation and active in
bringing about success, /the thirty com
panies whose representatives have ap
proved of the plan of organization of the
Associated OH Company will, after their
stockholders have registered their ap
proval, go out of existence, and to their
present." stockholders stock, bonds and
money will be Issued in payment for their
properties. The basis of the payments to
be made has been agreed upon by the ap
praisement committees, who were appoint
ed to take up and consider that very es
sential part of the work.
The greatest corporation ever formed in
California, and possibly in the world for
the prosecution of the oil business/makes
its bow to the public. Many millions of
invested capital and large areas of land
richly -saturated with oil- are represented.
The purposes of the corporation Include
practically everything that can apply- to
the development and protection cf the in
terests of those directly concerned. The
corporation is named The Associated Oil
Company. It has 40,000,000 shares of capi
.tal stock of the par value of $1 per share.
Men who are .prominently connected
with the oil industry in California consti
tute tne first board of directors. Their
names, residences and the shares of stock
of the Associated Oil Company for which
they -have subscribed are as follows:
C. A. Canfield, Los Angeles, 10; W. A.
Jacobs, San Francisco, 10; B. F. Brooks,
Bakersfleld, M; Burton E. Green, Los An
geles, 10; W. G. Kerckhoff, Los Angeles,
10; H. H. Blood, San, Francisco, 10; M. J.
Laymance, Oakland, 10; W. S. Porter, Los
Angeles, 100; W. F. Chandler, Fresno, 10;
O. Scribner, Oakland, 10; Henry Ach, San
Francisco, 10. Every one acquainted with
the oil industry will recognize these men
as being the principal operators of oil
properties situated north of Tehachapi."
Absorbing Old Companies.
This consolidation of these companies
is the outcome of 'ions' effort to bring the
producers together for the purpose of
marketing their output at a profit. That
the work Jo that end was already on the
point of success was published exclusively
in The Call at a recent date. Certain
parties denied the accuracy of the state
ments in The Call, but the incorporation
of yesterday settles all cavilings in that
direction. . , i
Thirty producing California oil com
panies, having their plants in the Kern
and McKittrlck districts, are represented
In articles of incorporation filed in this
city and Sacramento yesterday. By the
terms of these articles a corporation with
a capital stock of $40,000,000 comes into
existence. , .
Promoters of Unity for Benefit of
Kern and McKittrick
Make Decisive
Move.
Great Scheme Takes Shape
and Augurs Prosperity
> for Two Districts.
Companies' Representa
tives Recommend
Concurrence.
OWNERS PLAN
COMBINATION
FORTY MILLIONS IS STOCK OF CORPORATION
FORMED TO ABSORB OIL FIELDS OF STATE
by the fact that the members of the court
and the counsel find themselves greatly
fatigued by the exacting nature of their
work and the continuous sessions of the
court.
Will Sampson Be a Witness?
There is much interest in yesterday's
episode concerning Admiral Sampson, and
there Is still doubt as to whether he will
be a witness. It will remain with Admiral
Schley and his counsel to say for what
day. If for any. he shall be called. The
controversy as to the admiral's meaning
in his "Dear Schley" dispatch of May 20
has in no wise been abated by the tenta
tive agreement as to his being summoned.
Counsel on both sides this morning had
before them copies of the dispatch, and
each was trying strenuously to bring the
other to their view of the case.
The first of the witnesses of a previous
day who were recalled to correct their
testimony was Lieutenant Doyle, who
was on the Brooklyn during the battle off
Santiago. He made a number of changes
in phraseology. His attention was called
to an error In his former testimony in
stating the distance the Brooklyn stood
out from the morro at Santiago In reply
to a question by the court. He had
formerly placed this distance at two or
three miles, but he had erroneously based
his statement on the log for June 28 In
stead of for May 28. Looking at the log
of May 28 he found only one estimate of
the distance out. placing it at seven miles.
The "Dear Schley" Letter.
When Lieutenant Doyle was excused
Captain Lemly again brought up the ques
tion of the difference of construction of
the last paragraph of- the "Dear Schley"
letter. He produced the original copy,
reading a part of the paragraph, as fol
lows:
"I therefore am of the opinion that our
best chance of success in capturing their
ships \u25a0will be to hold the two points, Cien
fuegos and Havana, with all the force we
can muster. If later It should develop
that these vesels are at Santiago we could
then assemble off that port the ships best
suited for the purpose and completely
blockade It. Until we then receive more
positive information we shall continue to
hold Havana and Santiago."
Captain Lemly then said:
"If the court please, I was yesterday
requested by counsel for the applicant to
produce the original of the letter from
Admiral Sampson to Commodore Schley,
WASHINGTON. Oct. JL-Only
one session of the Schley
Court of Inquiry wan held to
day. An adjournment until
Monday was taken at 1
o'clock In order to allow the court and
counsel to recuperate after an arduous
week's labors. Practically the only wit
ness of the day was Lieutenant Com
mander Hodgson, who was navigator of
the £agshi? Brooklyn during ' the cam
paign cf 1S33. and almost his entire time
was taken up with the reading of corre
spondence between himself and Admiral
Schley concerning en alleged colloquy be
tween them dsrlss' the battle of Santi
ago, which the wltcecs was reported to
have detailed to a newspaper correspond
ent. The correspondence has been pub
lished, and this fact rendered the pro
ceedings of comparatively little popular
interest.
Lieutenant Doyle was on the stand
again, but only for the purpose of cor
recting his former testimony.
Santiago or Cienfuegos.
During the day Judge Advocate Lemly
made another statement concerning Ad
miral Sampson's dispatch Qf May 20. 1S9S,
relating especially to the admiral's use of
:he word "Santiago" where it was al
leged he Intended to use the word "Clen
fuegos."
When the court adjourned last night
Commander Hodgson was In the hands of
Judge Advocate Lemly, whose examina
tion of him partook very largely of th«
nature of a cross-examination. This was
due to the fact that Hodgson had been
called by both sides of the controversy
and was considered even more a Bchley
witness than a Government witness. Cap
tain Lemly and Hanna continued the In
quiry for the Government at the begin
ning of the sitting to-day, after which
Raynor began a series of questions In
tended to present the Schley side of the
conduct of the Brooklyn during not only
the battle of July 3* but of the entire San
tiago campaign. Hanna's inquiries were
devoted partly to developing more of the
details concerning the bombardment of
the Spanish ship Cristobal Colon on May
SX The entire correspondence between
. Commander Hodgson and Cominodore
Schley was also put in as evidence.
* The court began Hs session to-day with
1 the understanding that there would be
only one eittlng. This agreement was
reached yesterday and was brought about
Continued on Page Fourteen,
Continued on Page Fourteen.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— The War De
partment received a cablegram to-day an
nouncing that Second Lieutenant Allen T.
Crockett was killed near Cuntlelaria, Lu
zon. September 21
Lieutenant Killed in Luzon.
BOSTON, Oc:. 5.— To'pay the ransom of
$110,000 placed on the life of Miss Ellen, hi.
Stone by. the, Bulgarian brigands . $17,808
was raised 1 in "this city- to-day by popular
subscription In response to the appeal of
three pastors of downtown churches, who
Boston Friends and Eelatives Are
: Subscribing' Large Sums.
RAISING THE BIG RANSOM.
TAMPA, Fla., Oct. 5.— The labor situa
tion to-day wa3 one of intense excitement,
though there were no developments of a
sensational character. Over 10O strikers
who have been forced to work on the
streets in pursuance of the vagrancy cru
sade asked to-day to be allowed to re
turn to work in the factories.
Strikers Forced to "Work.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 5.— Dong Gong, tha
Chinese leper, was removed In an ambu
lance to-day from the old City Hall to
quarantine. Dr. Louis Knapp, Dong's
volunteer nurse, accompanied him, and la
expected to remain with him until he dies.
When he first took his position as nurse
and physician to Dong Knapp hoped he
might be allowed to make occasional vis
its to his family, but this the Health
Commissioner would not permit. The pa
tient and physician will be completely
isolated In the new quarters. Food and
such other articles as may be dally need
ed will be placed under temporary shelter
half .way between the smallpox station
and the leper ward by an attendant and
later taken to his quarters by Knapp,
who will prepare the food for himself and
patient. "While there Knapp will make a
study of leprosy in its various stages as
the disease progresses.
St. Louis Medical T^nn and the Af
flicted Chinese Go to Quaran
tine Station.
DOCTOR VOL. U N TiltlHS
TO LIVE WITH A T.ttpjjB
panlon, Mme. Tsilka, are in Bulgaria- Tbs
note Issued by the authorities declares
that troops and police who have actively;
searched the frontier for ten days bav«
not found any trace of the brigands.
It has been repeatedly stated that the
Macedonian committee Is responsible for
the kidnaping. The committee, it is said,
organized several bands of brigands as a
part of its anti-government operations,
one "of which, under Sarapoff, former
president of the - committee, seized Miss
Stone and her woman companion. A de
tachment of 300 soldiers, whose numbers
have since: been added to, has been un
able to flnd any trace of her whereabouts,
although it Is said they have searched the
mountains on the Bulgarian frontier. It
is stated that .a second letter from Miss
Stone has been received in Samakoff, beg
ging that no pursuit of the brigands be
made, because when they are hunted they
drag her about from place to place. She
is already so fatigued by interminable
marches that Jhe is unable to walk. She
makes no allegation of ill treatment. Ne
gotiations have been in progres' between
the agents of the: Boston Missionary
Board in Constantinople and the brigands
looking, to a reduction of the sum de
manded. Delay Is advantageous and will
enable the Turkish and Bulgarian Gov
ernments to place troops in a position to
It Is the intention of several . clergymen
to take up collections at their services to
morrfiw to help swell the fund.
Although everything baa apparently
been done by the American board and the
State Department, nothing seems to have
been actually accomplished, and the rela
tives and friends of Miss Stone in this
city, who at first did not give the Question
of ransom much consideration, have now
became aroused, believing the brigands
mean what they say, and that unless
something is done at once Miss Stone and
her companion will be killed. \u25a0
Of the money subscribed to-day $10,000
was furnished by Mr. and Mrs. Charles
A. Stone, relatives of Miss Stone, $2000 by
the firm of Hayden, Stone & Co. and $1000
by the banking firm of "Kldder, Peabody
& Co. The American Board of Foreign
Missions, which has been in constant
communication with the State Depart
ment in Washington since the capture of
Miss Stone and her companion, does not
believe In paying the ransom, on the
ground that' it would establish a danger
ous precedent and place the lives of many
missionaries In jeopardy.'
believe nothing should be left undone to
ajve the woman's life, which her
captors declare will be taken unless their
demands are compiled with before Octo
ber 8.
influence to induce Bulgaria to
make every effort to rescue Miss Ellen
Stone, an American missionary, held cap
tive by brigands within its territory. Bul
garia has promised to do all In its power
to effect the release of the young woman.
In order- that no means may be left un
tried pressure is being applied to' the
Macedonian committee which is said to
be concerned Sn the abduction.
These facts .were brought out to-day
after a conference of President Roosevelt
with Dr. Samuel Capen, president of the
American Board of Missions, and Dr.
Judson Smith. ; foreign secretary of the
board. Drs. Capen and Smith strongly
appealed to the President .to exert every
effort to bring about the release of the
American captive. Dr. Capen said upon
the conclusion of the conference that he
was satisfied the Government was spar
ing no effort to accomplish this result.
None of the' parties to the conference
were disposed to discuss what passed, but
it is learned that Dr. Capen made a com
plete statement of Miss Stone's plight,
and Mr. Adee, acting Secretary of State,
related the steps already taken by the
State Department. Russia's influence
has been sought because of the peculiar
relations she has with Bulgaria. Her In
fluence is exceedingly strong in Sofia, and
its exercise will be effective in causing
the adoption of every measure that may
lead to the rescue of Miss Stone.
A report has been received here giving
the present location of Miss Stone and
her captors, but It is not considered re
liable. Fears are entertained that If Bul
garia send an expedition to forcibly res
cue Miss Stone she will be murdered. For
this reason Drs. Capen and Smith have
given cordial approval to. the movement
initiated; in Boston yesterday to raise Im
mediately, by public subscription the $110,
000 needed to pay the ransom.
.^ ALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
/f N. W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.—
\\^ Russia has been appealed to, by
the United States to use' its great
Pages 13 to 22
VOLUME XC— NO. 128.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,^OCTOBER 6, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Counsel Is Still Making a Most Determined Effort to Show That
Schley Obeyed All Orders of the Fleet's Commander in
Chief During the Cuban Campaign* .
The San Francisco Call.
Pages 13 (ftContinued from Pag© Thirteen.
ALLEGED USE OF WORD "SftNTIfiGG"
HUNTINGTON, W. Va., Oct. 5.-Two
electric, cars on the Camden Interstate
Railway collided to-day in a heavy fog
end nine persons \u25a0wereinjured;' jr one''-fatal
ly. • The injured are: Leander Gilkerson,
motorman, fatally; Charles Wade, motor
man, dangerously; Will Jordan, conduct
or,' Guyandotte; J. I. Wilgus, Proctor
ville, Ohio: Miss Rosa Williams, Ports
mouth, Ohio; M. N. Van Horn, Irvine
Smith Jr., James Nash and J. C. Boland,
all of Huntington. »
Passenger Injured in Collision.
Paroles for Two Convicts.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 5.— The State Board
of Prison Directors met in San Quentin
to-day. Contracts for jute were awarded
to Balfour, Guthrie & Co. and Rawley
Brothers. Ten thousand bales were .con
tracted for. Thirty-seven applications for
parole were considered and only two were
granted. Stacey Rodgers, serving ten
3'ears from Alameda County for man-
Ela.ugb.ter, and Forest Gully of Healds
\u25a0burg, serving a ten-year sentence for
highway robbery, were the fortunate ones.
Drowned in Feather River.
OROVIL.LE, Oct. 5.— "William Delvan,
aged 24 years, was drowned. to-day while
trying to swim across Feather River.
The following programme will be ren
oered to-day by the band in Golden Gate
Park:
Patriotic song, "Queen of Old Columbia"..
Mrs. J. L. Thorp
Overture, ' 'Preciosa' '. ....'. .Weber
Themes from "L»a Mascotte" .V.Audran
"Beyond the Gates of Paradise" King
Selection, "U Af ricaine' ' Meyerbeer
Soldiers' Chorus. from "Faust"' Gounod
Suit, "Egyptian Ballet" Lulg-im
Waltz. "Recits d' Amour" Waldteufel
Descriptive, "A Burlesque Fantaisle"..Kappey
March, "Creole Belles" ;..J. B. l^ampe
Music at the Park.
The following statement regarding the
condition of the McKinley memorial fund
was issued yesterday from the Mayor's
office:
Received to-day— Henry Cowell, $100; Ant.
Borel & Co., JKO; Rudolph fipreokels, $100;
George H. Fuller Desk Co.. $100; pupils Harri
son Primary .School, $7 20; pupils Marshall
School, $15 10; pupils Adams Cosmopolitan
School, $3116; pupils Agrasstz . School. <C;
pupils Burnett Grammar School, $25 25; pupils
Fremont School, $11 27; pupils Laguna Honda
School, $3 50; pupils Whlttier SchooJ, $13. 75;
pupils Longfellow School, $27; pupils Cleve
land School, $14 16; pupils Hunter's Point
School, $2 £0: pupils Starr-King Primary
School, $10; pupils Hamilton Grammar School,
$56 25; George Hammer & Co., $25; George M.
Josselyn Co.. $25; Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm.
$25; Bayle, Laccste & Co.. $25; -W. G. Stafford
& Co., $20; Sampson & 'Fisher, $20; M. Phillips
& Co., $20; Dorothy "Danforth, $20; employes
Golden State and Miners' Iron Works, $11 50;
Richard H. Grey, $10; Zan Brothers & Co.. $10;
Boesch Lamp Co., '$10; H. W. . Frank, $10;
Vickery, Atkins & Tony, $10; Ssmdere &
Kirchman, $10; A. L. Bryan. Shoe Co., $10; J.
Baumgartner & Co., $10; T. C. Jiidklns, $10:
Bay City Parlor No. 1M, N. S. G. \V., $10;
J. N. Dupas, $10; O. Bozio, $5; D. R. McNeil,
$5; "VV. M. Dye. $5: Mitchell & Goodall. $o;
Zelie Huenne, *$5; Mrs. E. Brasea, $3; Andre
Lacoste, $2 60; Pierre Bellue, $2 60; J. Julien
& Co., $2 £0; J. Cue,nln, S2 50; "H. .F. B» $2;
C. A. Patterson, $2; G. l'onchon, $2; J. A.
Bergerot, $2; J. Gardla, $1; Charles Galll-ard,
$1; Etienne Glrard, $1; J. Deschomps, $1; Aug.
Berges, $1; Dr. EmllJe Rounlot, $1; Ollta A.
Johnson, $1: Harold S. Johnson, $1; Station L>,
Postofnce, $1; W. L. J., $1'; Otis R. Johnson,
$1; Grade Frank, $1; T. (cash), $1; Charles
F. Doe & Co., $25; L. P. Degran Belting 'C6.,i
$25; PieVre Blque, 50c; Jule Blque, 50c; Dom
inique Deeagneaux, 50c; Eva Bibbers. 25c;
H. S. Mlelenz (Napa), $1; S. S.' Curtiss, $10;
Brentwood Public School, $7 26; A. J. Glid
den, 60c; Payot, TJpham & Co., -$100; em
ployes of Payot, Upham & Co., $63 50. Total
for day. $1256 95. Total received to date,
$15,740 76. . \u25a0 %
McKinley Memorial Fund.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
ROOSEVELT SELECTS
. MOITWUZERT TRUSTEES
Large Sum of Money Already Gath
ered for a Memorial at
• Canton.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 5.— At the request
of Mrs. McKinley, the members of the
famlly of the late President and many. of
his personal friends, President Roosevelt
has selected trustees for the McKinley
National Monument Association. -.They
are as follows: William R. Day, Canton;
William A. Lynch, Canton; M. A. Hanna,
Cleveland; Cornelius N. Bliss, New York;
John G. Milburn, Buffalo; Thomas Dolan,
Philadelphia; W. Murray Crane, Boston;
David K. Francis, St. Louis; Alexander
S. Revell, Chicago; Robert J. Lowrey,
Atlanta; Charles. W. Fairbanks, Indianap
olis; Henry C. Payne. Milwaukee; General
Henry M.* Dufneld, • Detroit; George B.
Cortelyou, Washington; Henry T. Scott,
San Francisco; Franklin Murphy, New
ark, N. J.; General Eli Torrence, St. Paul.
A meeting of the trustees has been
called for Thursday ! next at Cleveland,
when it is expected that an organization
will be perfected. This monument is to
be erected at Canton, and already con
siderable money has been offered. - ;
Gonzales Citizen's Suicide.
SALINAS, Oct: 5.— James Sparks of
Gonzales committed suicide this morning
by shooting. Sparks was an Englishman
by birth, 68 years of age, and at one time
lived in Alameda. : :
OE OIL CORPORATION IS FORMED
The Tageblatt to-day, commenting on
the trial of Colzgosz at Buffalo, expresses
regrefat the fact "that the proceedings
threw so little light on the crime," aid
adds:
Thus, under the! circumstances, one looks
with great anxiety for ths reassembling of Con
gress, since It is announced that all the possi
ble measures to be. taken against, anarchism
will tie ' introduced. ; May we hot ' be dlsap*
pointed...* _v .*" i \u25a0; , .
"Who wants to blame the brave Boers for hop
ing, notwithstanding the inon-interference of
the powers, in their final success? The Ameri
cans fought for eight years, under unfavorable
conditions, before the English yoke was shaken
off. The independence of the Boer states Is
not yet lost. . .•>
The Lokal Anzeiger to-day closes an
article on the prospect of the Boers as
follows:
A great race has been . won In America. The
Columbia has conquered the Shamrock II. The
latter was ordered to .Cowes in August to be
inspected and blessed by King Edward. The
superstitious will remember that the King was
on board the yacht when she was in great
clanger. She was unlucky, was defeated and
the cup remains with the Yankees. Sir Thomas
Lipton may- build a Shamrock III.' ' ,
The captain one day found a letter in
his cabin requesting that a change bo
made and notifying him that otherwise
he would be* thrown overboard. An in
scription on the door read: "Neltzko,
take care; remember the Krosigk case."
The Krosigk case referred to is that of
Captain von Krosigk, of the German cav
alry, who was mysteriously shot an J
killed in a riding- school in January last,
as a result of which two non-commis-
Bioned' officers were .tried on the charge
of murder. They were acquitted, but
were subsequently tried again and one of
them. Marten, was sentenced to death.
The Kleine Journal, commenting on the
deieat of the Shamrock II; says:
Threat for a Captain.
The. Vorwaerts' triumphantly "exclaims
that China intends to leave the illegally
acquired goods in Germany, as continual
remembrance of how Germany respeuts
international law, and- says that tho.
honor of Germany demands that the In
struments be taken back to China. The
Berliner Zeitung refers to the unplets-
antness of seeing the instruments placed
near the historic windmill, which reminds
people of the best traditions of Prussian
justice. One paper says: "At any rate,
the unknown pillagers have served Ger
many badly."
General satisfaction is expressed at the
reports that Prince Clung; has given as
surances that the Dowager Empress and
the Emperor agree as to the necessity for
a change in the Chinese system of Gov
ernment and that reform edicts will be
enforced upon the return of the court.
Prince Chun, the Chinese special envoy,
and his retinue lived three weeks here at
the expense of Emperor William and the
empire. Even the excursions were paid
for.
Cases of insubordination which have
occurred on board the German cruiser
Gazelle recently have been much ventil
ated in the press. . The secretiveness of
the officials on the subject is condemned
and the natural result is that there has
been considerable exaggeration.
The Hallesches Volksblatt (Social Dem
ocrat), claims there was a mutiny on 4
board the vessel, which is commanded by
Captain Neitzke, a severe, disciplinarian.
The sailors, who had served in China,
were called upon to perform the strictest
service and they complained that their,
food was not satisfactory. f r \u25a0
The statement made three weeks a(jo
that the instruments were purchased an:l
not looted has not been officially refuted.
The Neuste Nachrichten says it is not
sufficient to place the instruments at the
disposal of the Chinese, a.nd proposes to
offer -,:to transport v them .back to China
and replace them at Germany's expense
on the spots from which they were taken.
If Chinais unwilling to do so, and deduct
the amount from the indemnity.'
: Germany's Honor Involved. ;
BERLIN, Oct. 5,— The most lively
topics of the week here have been the
question of the return of the Chinese as
tronomical instruments taken from Pe
king, the proposed crossing of the Unter
den-Linden by an electric railroad, \u2666he
reported protest of the Hungarian Pro
mier, Koloman de.Szell, against the pro
posed German tariff, and the cruiser Cia 7
zelle incident. • -
\ The North German Gazette this evenn?
says officially that the Gazelle affair 1'af.
been investigated, that.parts of one cf
the guns are missing, that a threaten' '
letter was posted and that these ,acl.s
were probably committed by somebody
familiar with quick-firing guns. : Oh6
sailor is under examination.
The, whole press practically agrees thai
the -astronomical instruments were il
legally carried.. off. Even the Kreuz -
tung criticises, the action of the Germ is
as follows: • '\u25a0
"The instruments were manifestly
taken unlawfully. The perpetrators un
doubtedly acted in good faith, but that
doe3 not settle the affair. The least that
can be done. is to deduct the- value of the
instruments from the Chinese indem
nity."
BOISE. Idaho, Oct. 5.— Davisfi'Levy, a
wealthy miser, was found dead this :fore
noon. He had been murdered by strangu
lation^ Circumstances "point to his having
been.surprised in the office of his lodging
house, bound and gagged and then packed
into an adjoining and -little used room,
where he was* tortured and finally mur
dered. . - , \u25a0 " . ,
It was supposed that he had a lot of
money buried. He was known to be very
rich, although/having -.no bank .-account.
His rear estate alone In Boise, is worth
$50,C00, and he was said to have had con
siderable property In' Sain Francisco, from
which place he came to Idaho. An empty
money sack*foimd. in -the room indicates*
that the murderers secured \u25a0 something.
L«vy was last seen alive even-
Ing. ' *..v** ' *• \u25a0•....•.:\u25a0• v '':..
'ihe man's sister, Mrs. Martin Nagel,
lives in Ogden, arid a nephew, M. H. Lip
man, lives in New York. .Levy was known
all. over the Northwest. There is no clew
to the perpetrators of the crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
\u25a0 Mrs. Brown was taken to th« Central
Emergency Hospital, where a severe
scalp wound she had sustained was
dressed.
Horn, who is well known to the police
as an eccentric and dangerous character,
got under, the influence of morphine last
night and as he passed the crowd of
women at the corner he began to scream
and threw his arms about 4 in a wild man
ner. The women scattered in all direc
tions, for Horn was armed with a vicious
looking slungshot, which he held in hia
right hand and swung- wildly about hia
head. A well dressed middle aged woman
who gave her name as Mrs. Mary Brown
was not quick enough in getting out of
the madman's way and received a sting
ing: blow on the head from the slung
shot. She fell to the pavement and Horn
then attacked a young woman whose
name could not be learned and struck her
a vicious blow in the face with his wea
pon, splitting her upper lip.
At -this -juncture - Thoman Kiley, a
Btevedore who was under the influence of
liquor, mixed In the fray and for a time
it looked as if serious bloodshed would
result. Captain Wittman, who was pass
ing-, took a hand and after disarming
Horn placed him under arrest. Riley,
who became obstreperous, was i also
placed under arrest. In the patrol wagon
Horn, who by this time was well nigh
frenzied, attacked Policeman Hennebery
and a struggle between the two ensued.
Policeman George Douglass came to Hen
nebery's assistance and the morphine
fiend was overpowered.
At the. City Prison Horn was booked on
ib. charge of an assault with a deadly
weapon. Riley was booked on a charge
of disturbing the peace.
* Charles Horn, a morphine flend, ran
amuck about 11:30 o'clock' last night At
the corner of Third and Market streets
and before he was taken into custody
succeeded in inflicting- severe Injuries
upon two women who were standing at
the corner waiting for a car.
Press Agrees That Apparatus
Was Illegally Appro
priated.
Empty, Money Sack Near
Body of Man Who Was
"•; .Strangled.
Knocks Mrs. Mary Brown
. Down ''and Cuts Lip of
a Young Lady. ;
Attacks Them in aHalf-
Crazed Fashion With
a Slung-shot.
Mysterious Tragedy in
\u25a0 a Lodging-House
at Boise.
Chinese Astronomical In
struments Cause
Protest.'
GERMANY MAY
RETURN LOOT
MORPHINE FIEND
INJURES WOMEN
MISER VICTIM
OF MURDERERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6; 1901.
• LONDON, Oct. 5.— No intimation of any
change In the King's condition has been
received at Marlborough House, though
special advices from Aberdeen 'say thai
dispatches received from Balmoral* at
2:50 o'clock this afternoon announce that
his Majesty is almost completely recov
ered and has arranged to attend services
in the Crathle church to-morrow. The
court circular issued to-night does rfht
mention the King's movements, as tl-e
weather at Balmoral is understood to be
very bad. . - • -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 • ..'\u25a0
King : Edward Is Improving.
By direction of Adjutant General Cor
bin a report has been prepared at the
War Department briefly describing th<s
island and its inhabitants, the military
operations that already have taken place
there for the pacification of the people
and the establishment of good order. and
government. This report is of timely in
terest in view of the aggressive military
policy to be observed toward such of the
natives as are disposed still to resist the
authority of the United States.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— The latest ad
vices from the Philippines Indicate that
the military authorities intend to take
prompt and vigorous measures for • the
suppression of the insurrection in the
Island of Samar and that attention will
be directed first to the summary punish
ment of the treacherous natives who took
part in the massacre of Company C,
Ninth Infantry, at Balangiga.
There is, therefore, every prospect that
the island of Samar will be the theater
of active hostilities for some time to
come, as it is the purpose of General
Chaffee to teach the rebellious inhabit
ants a lesson and force them to respect
the power and sovereignty of the United
States.
Americans Will Teach
Samar Natives Bitter
Lesson.
WRATH STORED
FOR FILIPINOS
There have been two opposing interests
in the oil fields for •some time. One desires
to have the price of oil put down. The
other wishes to Jiave oil pay a profit to
the producers. From this latter Impulse
has come the organization of the Associ
ated Oil Company. W. S. Porter of Los
Angeles, who has handled other large
deals, was brought to San Francisco some
time ago to work for the consolidation of
interests. His pay was made contingent
upon the success of the enterprise. His
fees will reach a i .very large sum,
enough, In fact, to constitute a fortune
for most men. ( Mr. Porter opened an of
fice in the Mills building and has devoted
all his time since his arival to the work
in hand. ' . '
Henry Ach said last evening that the
proposition of the Standard Oil Company
to construct a pipe line from Bakersfleld
to tide water had no concern for the men
who compose the Associated Oil Company.
The purpose of the new corporation was
to handle the product of the fields and a
pipe line was considered by the promoters
to be essential to success in that direction.
Whether the line would run to Stockton
or. to -some other place was a. matter of
detail to be considered when the time
comes. \u25a0\u25a0
The -size 'of the issue of bonds . to be
authorized cannot be forecasted. A bond
Issue will be necessary - to provide the
money needed to construct the pipe line,
sailing or steam vessels to be operated,
tanks, power houses and power plants,
water plants and other accessories and in
dispensable .parts of the great enterprise
the Associated Oil Company has been ln
corporated to carry on. . --\u25a0 . •
Two Opposing Interests.
The men connected with the movement
to bi'ing about the consolidation of the
Kern and McKittrick fields, under ono
management and under one ownership,
took great pains to" ascertain the values
of the actual producing companies in tho
two districts and appraisements were con
fined to companies that have demonstrat
ed the possession of and actual production
of oil in paying quantities. To find the
facts not only were the books of these
companies consulted but the capacity of
the properties was* actually tested by the
experts selected to go into the fields. - -
In addition to this the geological struc
ture of the several locations was consid
ered with care to ascertain the manner
In which the oil strata were laid down.
When this had been done the chemical
constituents -of all the oils taken out by
the various companies were determined in
chemical laboratories situated near the
wells, expert chemists being employed to
make the tests. In short, everything was
done that could tend to throw light upon
the actual and prospective values of the
properties. V \u25a0
When this was nearly completed pre
dictions were made by persons who seem
ed to be interested in preventing the for
mation of the proposed combination that
the companies would pull apart when the
question of valuation of their properties
came up. This difficulty would seem to
have. been overcome if the belief of the
representatives of the several companies
who ' have conferred with the promoters
concerning the future action-, of their
stockholders is verified. i \u25a0"-
Appraising the Properties.
incorporation also authorize the construc
tion of water craft for deep sea and in
land service. .• KM\ ." : ,. ''.
Power is given to purchase any and all
oil wells; to construct and maintain tele
phone lines; to buy and sell water; to
make tubular and .other forms, of steel,
iron and wooden, ware;; to erect power
houses and 'to furnish power; to patent
rights to secret processes for the refining
of the crude oil or other manipulations of
oil and its products; to issue stocks and
bonds; practically to do anything except
to build aria operate railroads: The op
erations of the corporation are not con
fine,d by the articles of incorporation to
the State of California or to the United'
States, but may extend to foreign coun
tries. Drilling for oil and exploring for
all sorts of materials connected, with the
oil industry, such as bitumen, natural gas
and asphaltum, are some of the important
purposes.
"The court decides that any clippings
from. newspapers which form a part of
the correspondence between Schley and
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson should
properly.be read." \u25a0
Raynor — May It please the court," there
is no evidence to show that this particular
editorial forms a part of the correspond
ence or that it was ever received by Ad
miral Schley. .;
Admiral Dewey— Under that ruling - It
ought not to be read. • .
After the further reading of letters and
before the- entire correspondence had been
exhibited.'the court at 1 o'clock adjournd
until Monday. . - . .
\u25a0 Raynor— I do not think this record ought
to be stained with these calumnies against
Admiral Schley. ..
The court then retired for consultation
and after a few minutes returned, mak
ing the following announcement through
Admiral • Dewey :.-••\u25a0
passed between Lieutenant Hodgson and
Commodore Schleythat appertains to this
controversy, .but we would not like this
record to contain editorials against Com
modore Schley. I do not think there
ought to be printed in the record an edi
torial against Admiral Schley : or any
other admiral or in favor of him which
was never seen by Admiral Schley at all.
That article was not sent in any letter to
Admiral Schley. .• He says not. ;
Captain ifemly — It Is really a part of the
correspondence and referred to. We do
not contend for one moment that any
allegations that may be made In that edi
torial against Admiral Schley are proof
of what these allegations are, but this is
a part of the \u25a0 correspondence and neces
sary in detemlning as to what was the
propriety of Commodore Schley/s conduct
In the premises.
Rajmor — "Would you take ' a statement
from me now that Admiral Schley Bays he
never saw it and never received It?
Judge Advocate— You have made that
statement. •
WASHINGTON, Oct. S.-Copies of gen
eral orders from the Department of Cuba
just received at the War Department re
cord the Interesting court-martial of Lov<i
Dariel a private in the Seventh Cavalry
Charged with desertion, and sentenrVn \ iA
b* dishonorably discharged The ?ev?ew°
Ing authority, general Wood found I fa.Tu
with the finding of the court, holdfnir thai
the penalty was "scandalously fnade-
Sme^ that the pHsOner m&tMl
trooper, who had been killed in hu I
and robbed. During an inve s ti™t£L r\ ent
lei deserted and fled to So Uth Africa itv"
eral months, later ho was brought" bickl
General Wood Makes Scathing Coxa
ment in the Case of a v
Deserter.
COTJRT-MABTIAI* VEBDICT .
SEVERELY CBITICIZED
Allen said that he next heard of the
matter when Hawkes came to him and
said he wanted a settlement of his claim.
He told Hawkes he had nothing what
ever to do with the concern and never
had, and after a brief conversation
Hawkes had expressed the same opinion,
but asserted that Heistand had told him
that witness was in it. He again saw
General Corbia. who said that Hawkes
had been to him also with the same cla'm.
General Corbin had told him he had noth
ing to do with the concern.
Lieutenant Colonel Heistand then was
called and cross-examined" by Major
Hawkes regarding certain conversations
between them. Replying to one query
Heistant lemarked' that Hawkes "whim
pered." Hawkes said in an excited man
ner:-- -< >\u25a0."> :
"Did you ever see me whimper?"
"I did," responded Heistand.
"You lie!" shouted Major Kawkes
Senator Cockrell rebuked Hawkes and
declared that no such language was per
missible. Nothing of importance was de
veloped by the cross-examination of Col
onel Heistand. At Its conclusion the com
mittee adjourned until Monday. . .
"Heistand, your man Hawkes is using
Secretary Allen's name in connection with
that hemp company. You must call him
off."
Heistand replied that he would da so at
once.
Allen declared in the most emphatic
manner that he never had any connection
with the proposed hemp company. He
added that he had not taken and had not
been asked to take any stock in such
company or combination. He also assert
ed that in no circumstances would he
have taken stock or engaged in any such
business. The testimony contradicted
that of Colonel Heistand, who had said
that he (Heistand) had approached "As
sistant Secretary Allen and asked him to
take stock, and that Allen said he would
if it were all right.
Governor Allen said that he had no rec
ollection whatever of any such conversa
tion with Heistand on that subject: He
said that his first recollection of the' pro
posed hemp combination was a telephone
message to the effect that his name was
being used in New York in connection
with it. Investigation showed that
Howkes Was using his name on author
ity of Colonel Heistand. Governor Allen
at once went to see General Corbin. Heis
tand was sent for and General Corbin
said:
WASHINGTON, Oct. S.-Charles H. Al
len, former Assistant Secretary of the
Navy and' later Governor of Porto Rico,
was a witness to-day before the Senate
Foreign Affairs Committee in the Heis
tand investigation. The session was very
lively at one time, when Major Hawkes
g-ave the lie to Heistand.
Major Hawkes Enlivens
a Senate Committee
Session.
TELLS HEISTAND
THAT HE LIES
tried before the- Audencia of Finar del
Rio on a charge of murder and acqultt°d.
He then surrendered to the Columbian
Barracks and was tried and sentenced on
a charge of desertion. General Wood, In
closing his review, says: \ J
'.'If such ideas of military justice as the
record in this case discloses are permit
ted to prevail, the consequences to tho
discipline of the army cannot fail to bo
disastrous."
14
A33VEBTISEMENTS.
HYGIENIST,
Is makinsr a tour of the Pacific Coast, intro-
ducing the new HYGIENIC TREATMENT, and
v.ill remain in the city a few days only. In
addition to the usual means? known to medical
science. Dr. Prather administers the Hygienic
Treatment -which has proven bo successful In
her hands in removing chronic, obstinate dis-
ease. This new mode of treatment is especially
adapted to the cure of all diseases of the stom-
ach and bowels. She guarantees to remove
GALL STONES without the painful operation
of the knife or no charge. Female diseases a
specialty; consultation and diagnosing free.
DR. ALICE J. PHATHER, 102 .Ellis et., corner
Powell. Office hours— Wa. m. to 12 m.; 1 to
S and € to S p. xn.
It is our pleasure and privilege to publish a
letter
From Alaska.
imS. MARY A. HUMEL— Dear- Friend: This
v,-ill introduce to you Dr. Alice J. Prather, who
has done much for suffering humanity In Skag-
uay; en April i2 my mother-in-law, Mrs. Frank,
was stricken with paralysis of the entire ripht
side; on the Sd day of May we called Dr.
Prather for consultation, with the happy re-
sult that to-day, after two weeks' treatment,
ehe is able to walk outdoors, which seems
truly wonderful. I feel that too much cannot
be said In prcdse of Dr. ; Prather, and take
pleasure In recommending her to any one in
need of medical aid. Ever your friend,
ELIZABETH L. FRANK.
To Make Saa Francisco the Rug Mart of
the -West.
MOST EXTENSIVE
. EXHIBIT
OF
3000
Carefully selected, genuine antique
ORIENTAL
Just Imported, many from such district*
of Persia the like for the first time brought
out here, will be given
On Friday and Saturday,
Oct. II and 12,
At my new day lighted
ART ROOMS,
322 Post St., Near Powell,
Under the Savoy Hotel.
This ie a very remarkable collection in
magnitude and quality, which cannot be
duplicated in this country or in the old.
Everj- rug selected by me with great
scrutiny and care, and it is entirely, safe
from artificial antiques.
THE CAtiPHA'S SILK CARPET
Made by his 'favorite wife, is a wonder,
worth to see, containing 8.000,000 stitches,
original value beipg $20,000.
M. B. /niHRAN.
: • \tbc jper&cl 01 1 6f/ I
iBDTTLEiAJ THE DjItlLLERY^
Vsed/fj/AeMeJ/ca/Depdrfwefifs of the
U.S. ARMY § NAVY Service,
Wolff $co.
I /San Francisco, | distributors*
£<arartoS//Tt/fiar/orT} or rejff/etf Bott/es. '
Catarrh
Is a constitutional disease.
It originates in a scrofulous condition ot
the blood and depends on that condition.
It often causes headache and dizziness,
impairs the taste, smell and hearing, af-
fects the vocal organs, disturbs the stomach.
It Is always radically and permanently
cured by the blood-purifying, alterative
and tonic action of »
Hood's Sarsdparilla
This great medicine has wrought the most
.wonderful cures of all diseases depending
on scrofula or the scrofulous, habit. .
\u25a0 j Hood'* Pills arc that beat cathartlo. . . \u25a0
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tint
Quickly Restores Lost Vigrop
to Hen.
A Free Trial Packayp Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most . remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It ia a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home/
The remedy has a peculiarly grratef ul
effect of warmth and sefms to act direct
to the desired location, giving • strength
and development Just \u25a0where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
fromyears of misuse of thenatural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
,ot their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class, of men
who arc unable to leave' home to be
treated, and' the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it Is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
. dies. are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that.its recipient need
have no fear of. embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay., • \u25a0;. > --,-,-,
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' _'_ :: . iir /
Headache or Bearing Down Pains Any More— Pe=ru=na ,
Made Me Well.
\u25a0 > \u25a0 . ' ••-. . » of them have suffered for years with fe-
— . -^^^""^^^fc^ -V /**\ male trouble without once thinking that
fj s-i . f>A. A— s.- female trouble is simply a form of ca-
i^S^-S.>— v ''Jj^- f~\[ >n tarrh. The phrsse pelvic catarrh, which
/" > L»^V>^^/ J ' <^ ' \ -**-*" "^w S^ 3-^iNtZ^ has not long been kr.own to the medical
V*Y\ XT •k^£=r"" *\S XT*/ ( A Yxi profession, means catarrh of the fema'.u
VAVH^/S^yu^r y>r i i .^ , \u25a0T^S^ l^C \\~&\f organs. It is generally called- female dis-
vt----\\ KZ^V* 1 ! / .^^ • - " '^^s_ >w V^S^'^'^iN. A great many women make the same
t^^^/^y// >£— ' \u25a0 > \ V-V> <{ V^\V^ - mistake this woman made. Knowing: Pe-
/I\t/ I ' ~^^&r^/ '_gJ~^E|!Sr \u25a0 • __X x/jIrvA Therefore Pcruna cures female diseaa . A
W nul I BW "^ .^^ f X\ \ i5y / Miss Louise Bertsel, 19% Second street, :
X \HV' i^Z3< jfcZ~ ) vfv/ Brooklyn, N. Y.. writes:
Ti \--^yt^_ — *^ \u25a0 \u25a0 \^\-^^-^ JST "My health was excellent until about
-y ,^^^~ "~-"^- ** \u25a0 \u25a0 six months ago, when I seemed to have a
-x^^ -^^ . collapse from overdoing socially, and the
\u25a0d*" ' doctor ordered an entire change of scene
' -• . . \u25a0 vi and climate.
MISS MURPHY UF WASHINGTON. "As this was an absolute Impossibility
1 ... at the time I had to try and regain my
Miss Florence Murphy, 2703 Second avenue, Seattle, Wash., writes: health in another way. and was induced
,,. ~ , , ... , t j Li j i.l t i j • j by a friend who gave Peruna such a Rood
4 '1 suffered for over a year with female trouble, and although I tried recommend to try Peruna.
several physicians, none of them seemed to be able to help me permanently. neiVe^^henTblganS^uTn" 1^ "'^
"We have used Peruna in our home for a good many years and all noise irritated me, and i.feit that life was
have a great deal of faith in it, but had never used it for my trouble ; in n^Se iito tn a g wcn U woiS™and no™
fact, I did not know it was good for female ills until a' friend told me that e^ se ? ot know 1 have nervea - "-Lomse
*^e had used it and was well, ft only took a little over three bottles to if you do not derive prompt and satis.-
make me well and strong, I never have backache, headache or bearing- Sr C 1 t te r at r on 1 S 8 to fr r>? uf^ln^u-^t I
down pains any more." — MISS FLORENCE NUR PHY. . full jtatemtnt.of your case. and J he win \
r J . - -• b* pleased to give you his valuable advice fi
The experience of Miss Murphy, away I to thousands of women on the Atlantic gratis.
out ori the Pacific Coast of our Immense [ coast. From ocean to ocean Peruna Is Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
continent, must sound strangely familiar | known and praised by the women. Many Hartman. Sanitarium. Columbua.'I'O.
B.KATSCHINSKI !
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN F3ANCI3C0.
FLEECE LINED SHOES
For Winter Wear.; \
Ladles, prepare for -winter. Throw
away those slippers you have been
wearing around the house and buy
a pair of neece-lined shoes. They
will keep the feet warm and pre-
vent your catching cold. , With
them you can step out into the
yard or do a little errand on a
damp day. The price Is lower than
e ver— 51.00 a pair. Here Is .the de-
scription: Ladies* fleece-lined black
beaver lace shoes with kid foxins;
heavy turned soles and low heels;
sizes S to 8; price only $1.00 a pair.
Men's Alaska seal lace shoes are
guaranteed waterproof. The Alas-
ka scat is soft and pliable and
therefore easy on the feet. The
soles are heavy and specially
adapted for winter wear. Price per
pair, $3.00.
j COUNTRY ORDERS SOL-CITED.
j We have no branch stores nor
; traveling salesmen.
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
% IO THIRD STREET. t
* San Francisco. I
PDTTCUi?C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
jDXi U OXIjuO e™. \u25a0 bootblacks, bath-
. houses-, biiliard tab!^.
1 brewers.' bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
: dyers. Rourmllla. foundries, laundries. par«'-
I hangrers. printers, painters, shew factories.
1 stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramonto St
rin pflV N0CURE ' N0PAY
fill lltll 30 wars' experience treating
Ullllin B DISEASES OF MEN
Jffl Pursuading prices for provident purchasers a splendid list of THS.
ifUh generally useful things— always low priced— ~cut rates — but lower »«,
nl' still this week — in feet a little lower than most druggists can buy \|\
\u25a0m them — so it is your chance to save — but come before Saturday ¥S\
1!m night, October 12 th. Open night and day. , W.
M Egg Shampoo 15c ; Marvel Whirling M
jkjt% \u25a0 K.cally the only Shampoo th»t will , fS G> SSi^ *7^S 1^1
fEVjj get out the dandruff— regular 15c *Jg****Jf •^^••'\u25a0^ «p*i« / w |ijl
1 B fit t f f\r c a4 q 14 /Ca > A popular cyringc that has been !jy
}li l/Uliy > mail /•JC selling everywhere for $}. jo V]
IM n Sea i"" orer ** wotl<l u$t ia Mcnncn's Talcum Pdr 2 for 25c ||
I1 1 Yean ioap IOC The genuino— Menncn'a face l» U
\ !.'/' Von know the taring at thU price - • on the box * Jl
\|J Hunyadi Water . 25c Rorida Water, large 45c fl
* 1 i\i Some stores charge 50c— we usually 7 i Murray & Lanman**— oof regular i/l
\« \ charge yoc .- • '* : joe size m I
|P Calder's Dentine, small, 2 for 25c . Pozzoni Face Powder 25c M
\ irij A regular 25c article r ) Some »£ore« charge 50c — our reg- f'njj'
M Pepper Whiskey 65c ttiypncejoc mil
i\: . A owut bottle— regular 90c • Cod UVCr Oil, pint OOtUC 4OC ffj
Yk\ SoZOdont, Small 15C The Pure Nonregijn Oil— •elling /Iff/
V^ v Regular ijc— we nsually charge aoc regularly at 50c iw/
v|4 Coke's Dandruff Cure '65c Quinine, ounce tin ' 40c IJ/I
V^* Regular $1 alxe Uiual price 50c Jf/fflSEATTLE, Oct. 5.— J. Otis Arthur, chief
claim clerk of the- Pullman Palace Car
Company, who had come west in search
of health, expired In his private car last
right shortly after the arrival of the train
from, the East.
Dies in Els Private Car.
\u25a0 The following county committeemen
were selected by the various district dele
gations:
Twenty-eighth District — J. J. Greely, John
Ryan, M. J. Brown, George McElroy.
Twenty-ninth— Joseph Hwnkett, James Cor
coran, Thomas Horan, Joseph Flannigan.
Thirtieth— J. M. D. . Davitt. Hamilton H.
Plant, James W. Farrell, George J. McLaugh
lin. .
Thirty-first- J. j F. Renault, T. "W. Hickey,
Edward Twoomey, James H. Kennedy.
Thirty-second — Thomas F. Gavin, Daniel
Twoomy, Thomas Floyd, ' James Mooney.
Thirty-third— J. J. Donovan. C. J. Ward.
New County Committee.
It is with great regret that I announce that
we have been unable to find our candidate for
Mayor thi» evening; but I know that he will
take great pleasure In meeting with you at
the time that the ticket is ratified and ex
pressing to you then his unqualified support
of the- ticket and platform on which we stand
In the campaign that we are about to wage.
While the committee was out seeking
the nominee for Mayor the final motions
appointing the purity and vacancy com
mittee were passed. The crowd in the
gallery, which had been awaiting the re
turn of Bartlett and Sweigert with the
nominee, saw them return, whisper to the
chairman and then take their seats. It
was evident that Tobin could not be
found, and it scarcely needed the speech
of Bartlett to apprise the convention of
the fact. He spoke as follows:
At 9:25 the convention had completed
the ticket. There was no contest for any
office.
Mayoralty Nominee Not Present.
J. S. Waddell, who was announced "as
the only Democrat ever elected to the
Assembly from the Thirty-ninth District,"
was nominated for Sheriff by J. Early
Craig of the Thirty-fifth District and
chosen by acclamation.
John H. Wise was placed in nomination
for Auditor by Delegate Pringle and
chosen by acclamation. He was Intro
duced to the convention as one of the
tried and true old warhorses of the party.
He said the nomination came as a sur
prise.
A. G. Maguire nominated Franklin K.
Lane for City and County Attorney in a
brief speech. No other name was men
tioned and Lane was nominated by ac
clamation.
' Dr. Thomas B. AV. Leland was nomin
ated for Coroner by Joseph Rothschild.
He had no opponent. He was also nom
inated to fill the unexpired term.
George Dahlbender, a delegate from the
Forty-tifth District, was placed in nom
ination for County Clerk by W. A. Kelly
of the Thirty-fifth District. His nomina
tion came as a surprise to the convention.
Dahlbender when called • to the platform
said It was his first appearance before a
convention.
At the suggestion of the chairman a
motion was made that the secretary be
instructed to cast the ballot for the gen
tlemen reported favorably by the com
mittee, so they were officially declared
the Democratic nominees for Supervisors.
Wise Selected for Auditor.
Dr A. A. D'Ancona, H. U. Brandenstein.
John Connor. Peter J. Curtis, Lawrence J.
Dwyer. W. N. McCarthy, J. P. Booth, W. D.
Wasson, A. Comte Jr., S. Braunhart, "W. P.
Bock, James Butler, John Landers, Henry
Payot, Morris V. Samuels. Knox Maddox,
Luther Wagoner and H. F. Stafford.
The report of the chairman of the com
mittee on Supervisors was called for, and
A. G. Maguire read the following names:
That gentleman, whose career is brighten
than a Welsbach. light, will be our next Mayor.
Cheers were given again for Tobin
when the secretary announced the ballot.
A committee was sent out to find the
nominee.
As soon as quiet was restored Charles A.
Sweigert seconded the nomination, end
ing his Bpeech as follows:
Charles Duggan. David Cronin.
Thirty-fourth— John H. Hanson, P. S. Hig
glns, P. F. Flynn, J. P. Hare. .
Thirty-fifth— E. F. Copeland, "W. A. Kelly, L
A. Dolan, L. Ferrari. • .
Thirty-sixth-Peter J. McCormick. J. Fennel,
Thomas F. Dwyer, employed as a la
borer at the Presidio, committed suicide
last evening by drinking carbolic acid at
the "Wunder brewery. Dwyer had spent
his week's wages on drink, and realizing
that he had no money to take home to his
family he preferred to die rather than
face his wife and children penniless.
Dwyer was 28 years of age. His body was
taken to the Morgue at the direction of
Coroner Leland.
Drinks Carbolic Acid.
For Mayor . . ..JOSEPH S. TOBIN
For Sheriff J. _S. WARDELL
For Count ?• Clerk GEORGE D AHL.HENDER
For City Attorney .FRANKLIN K. IVANE
For Coroner .DR. T. B. AV. LELAXD
For Treasnrer ., SAM H. BROOKS
For Recorder . EDJIOXD GODCHAU.V
For Pnbllc Adminlntrntor ...*...* .PATRICK BOLAND
For District Attorney LEWIS F. BYI.NGTON
For Police .Tndpes ALFRED J. FRITZ, CHARLES T. COXLAX
For Tax Collector JOSEPH FASSLER
FOR SUPERVISORS.
Dr. A. A. D'Ancona. Knox Muddox. A. Comte Jr. Henry Payot.
Peter J. Cnrtls. . H. U. Brandenstein. Jamen Butler. Lather W'nsoner.
J. P. Booth. Lawrence J. Dnjer. Maurice V. Samneln. John Connor..
S. Brannbart. XV. D. WaRHon. H. F. Stafford. XV. X". McCarthy.
John Landers. AV. P. Bock.
TICKET NAMED BY DEMOCRATIC CiTY CONVENTION.
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE FOR MAYOR AND OTHER CITY OFFICES.
A bazaar in aid of the church will be
held next Saturday night in the church
building and there will be a vote for the
most ftopular girl, the contestants being
Miss Gleeson of Mission Dolores Church.
Miss Mary C. Kirby of Holy Redeemer
Church and Miss Annie O'Brien of St.
Dominions Church.
An enjoyable musicale was given by
Miss Elizabeth E. Gleeson, daughter of
Sergeant. Gleeson, in ' the Turn Verein
Hall. Eighteenth street. Friday night tc/
the benefit of the new Church of the
Holy Redeemer, Diamond and Eighteenth
streets. The hall was crowded to the
doors. The programme consisted of re
marks by the Rev. Joseph E. McQuaide,
pastor of the church; piano solos by Miss
G'.eeson and Maurice S. Kramer, banjo
selections by Thomas Mahoney, songs by
Miss Zeta Fahey r Miss Kittle Barry, B.
L. Tarbox, Miss Flossie Beauford, "W. J.
O'Brien, AV. J. McDonald and Miss Flor
ence Donovan;, instrumental trio, Joseph,
Harry and Ida Lasekan; impersonations,
Joseph Rosborough; specialties, Cathcart
and Ryan. . • • -; .
Most Popular Girl at Bazaar to 3r
'-Held Next Week to Be Chosen
by Ballot.
ENJOYABLE MTJSICALE
FOR CHTTRCH BENEFIT
The election proclamation omits calling
for the choice of a Coroner lor the unex
pired term. It is probable under the cir
cumstances that Dr. Leland will decline
this part of h!s nomination.
A further reason why the Election Com
missioners would be pleased to see no
nomination for this unexpired term is
that with the names already submitted
there will be no room on the ticket for
additional names. This is due to a scar
city of paper, enly a supply sufficient to
comply with the law being obtainable
from the Secretary of State, thus pre
venting an enlargement in case other pe
titions might be filed later.
Immediately after the adjournment of
the convention the committee in charge
cf the filing of the certificate of nomina
tion repaired to the ottice of Registrar
ualsh, who, together with Commissioner
v oorsanger and Chief Deputy Zemansky.
was in waiting. Although a form had
been prepared in advance, it only lacked
twenty-five minutes of midnight before
matters were adjusted. Registrar Walsh
indorsed the tiling of the certificate at
11:35 p. m.
R. P. Troy, Louis de F. Bartlett and
Charles A. Swtigert composed the com
mittee in charge of the filing of the cer
tificate I and were assisted by Secretary
Hickey. Each one anxiously scanned the
clock as the minutes slipped away. This
is the first time in the history of the Reg
istrar's office that one of the lpa-V->~
ties haa been so late in filing: the nomina
tion certificate.
File Certificate in Time.
There are forty committeemen at large
to be appointed by Chairman McGee, but
their names will not be announced by him
until some future date.
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Purity of election— R. P. Troy, Theodore Zelg
ler. Joseph Rothschild, Louis de F. Bartlett
and Geonse A. Kelly.
Vacancies— Joseph I. Lawless, J. D. Maxwell,
Thomas E. Curran, Louis H. Mooser and A. G.
Ma~uire.
T. J. Kennedy. R. P. Julian. '
Thirty-seventh— C. A. Swelgert. J. H. Bloom,
A. G. Maguire. John F. Cosgrove.
Thirty-eighth— Frank L. Fenton, Richard R.
Wallace, John W. Lewis, Charles Cassasa.
Thirty-ninth— Joseph Slye, Charles Meehan,
R. V. Whiting. L.. A. Ward.
Fortieth— Matt Brady, Richard O'Connor,
Louis Samuels. M. C. Hassett.
Forty-first— Stephen Potter, William Buckley,
Daniel T. Haley, D. J. A. O'Keefe.
Forty-second— Neil Begg, Curtis Hillyer, An
tone Flynn. J. T. Cramer.
Forty-third— J. N. Shanahan, J. J. McGuire,
Edward Gosllner, James Neil.
Forty-fourth— J. Campodonico, J. W. Reilly,
K. Ritori. F. L. Griffin.
Forty-fifth— W. J. McGee. George Beau
champ, George A. Kelly, M. H. Heenan.
Full" Ticket Is
Filed Before
Midnight.
Delegates" Take
Pr ogf amme
Straight.
HE Democratic local convention
II completed its nominations at Met
! ropolitan Temple last evening and
11 adjourned sine die. The ticket was
filed in the office of the Registrar
of-voters before midnight. A Notary was
brought to the Temple to attest the cer
tificates, in order to avoid unnecessary
delay.
The slate prepared by the Democratic
managers was handed back without the
trace of a fracture. Not the slightest op
position to the programme was displayed,
but, on the other hand, the slate was ac
cepted with occasional shouts of approval.
Jcsepn S. Tobin was nominated for
Mayor. The nominee is a Native Son, a
banker and a lawyer and a member of
the present Board of Supervisors. He is
a son of Robert J. Tobin, secretary of
the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
and a member of the law firm of Tobin &
Tpbin. He is a married man, his wife be
i#g a daughter of the late General W. H.
ijimond. The nominee is quite well known
in club, commercial and society circles.
He is a member of the San Francisco
Golf Club, the Burllngame and Univer
sity clubs and the San Francisco Art As
sociation. • ' .
Bartlett Names Tobin.
Although 7 o'clock was the hour set for
the assembling of the convention,^ it was
an hour and a half later when Chairman
McUee called that body to order. Judge
A. J. Fritz was called forward to indorse
the platform, which he did in a brief
speech. Calls were made for Joseph
Kassler, nominee for Tax Collector, but
he was not present.
A committee of four was appointed to
attend the funeral of the late Lawrence
J. Hoey.
L.. H. Mooser, chairman of the commit
tee on order of business, moved a sus
pension of the rules, by which the nom
inations for Mayor and Board of Super
visors were taken from the bottom of the
list and placed first, the remainder com
ing as first agreed upon. This was adopt
ed and nominations for Mayor were
called. Louis de F. Bartlett placed the
name of Joseph S. Tobin before the con
vention.
Swei&ert Makes Seconding Speech.
Tobln's name was received with cheers.
JOSEPH S. TOBDM NOMINATED FOR MAYOR;
BY THE DEMOCRATIC LOCAL CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
15
\u25a0• . r- ,|
St • Sterling furniture Jg
s — s
IROXBURY I
I CARPETS J
§• • — —^—^-^—— — — — — - , H
b! (Twelve Patients) :|
|: I
5? ( £ x \u25a0
St & Sewed, Lined ani Laid. |
«: 8
5* — \u25a0
\u25a0: 4 \u25a0
\u25a0:: • • ;:\u25a0
SI Ranges I
\u25a0\u2666. . . )\u25a0
i| ioc a Pound I
5 B
a B
\u25a0 Q
D B
a 4Ba» tfjj
ij furniture I
|| S* j|
m\ 'I
\u25a0 I 1039 WfarAret St., opp. TtfcJtllister* \ \
H? .,.,,,,.., , t t . \u25a0 . \u25a0 t t . 1 t t t , , . ' '§
bbbbWbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbhbbbhbbbbbbbbi^bbbbbbbhbb
BBIIIIIBBBHHBEBHHBBBBBlHBBBlBBBeHHHIBBBBB
I VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY I
1 ....FOR MEN.... 1
@^ T MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS HAVE BEEN IN £
use over, fifty years by the leaders of the Mormon Church M
and their followers. Positively cure the worst cases in B
old and young arising from effects of self-abuse, dissipa- §
tion, excesses or cigarette-smoking:. Cure Lost Man- S
hood, Impotency, Lost Power, Night Losses, Insomnia, S
Pains in Back. Lame Back, Nervous Debility. Head- g
ache. Unfitness to Marry, Varicocele or Constipation, Q
M , 1 Stop Nervous Twitching of Eyelids. Effects are im- El
\u25a0 mediate. Imparts visror and —^ >-w potency to every function. H
E Don't get despondent: a cur C| |c is at hand. Stimulate the ~
5 brain and nerve centers; 50c a aTw« W 6 for $2.50 by mail. A S
S written guarantee to cure or m %-^ oney refunded with 6 boxes. \u25a0 cj
« Circulars free. Address BISH OP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis d
\u25a0 St., San Francisco. CaL GRA CENTS. NT DRUG CQ ; $ and 40 D
\u25a1 Third street. . B
fiBEBKBMHBRBBBBHHBHHECanBBBHBBBBEBHBBBBB
ISTVTAK. 1
KIDNAPED
Ismar, the Gypsy, Locates the
Parents of Alice Weber
of San Francisco.
From time to tima there have been ap-
pearing 1 in this paper accounts of the
wonderful workings of Ismar, the famous
Egyptian seeress. But perhaps nothing:
has so clearly demonstrated Ismar's pow-
ers as 'what she has accomplished for
Alice Weber, a San Francisco saleslady.
Following is Miss Weber's own story,
which she related to a reporter before
leaving for Melbourne. Australia:
"Yes, as far :.s« I can learn, I was kid-
naped in 1S75, just twenty-five years ago,
and up to last June I had not the least
idea who I was or where I was born. A
matron in a foundling asylum In Denver,
Colo., where I was an occupant until I
was 17 years of age, told me when I left
that institution that I had been left upon
the doorsteps, a child of about 3 years
old. She told me that a note pinned tc*
my dress stated that I belonged to a
prominent family and had been kidnaped
and held for ransom 'for six months. The
reason stated for leaving me there was
that my family had met with financial re-
verses since my abduction. With this In-
formation as to who I was I have strug-
gled on, and with every penny I could
spare out of my earnings I tried by means
of detective agencies and the personal col-
umns of newspapers to locate my parents,
without success.
"From Denver I came to San Francisco
and obtained a pocition in a department
store, and by attending strictly to busl-
• ness was advanced to the position of
buyer for my department. Having read
so much in the newspapers of Ismar's
wonderful powers. I decided to call upon
this famous seeress at her office, 114S Mar-
ket- street, opposite Sixth street.
"Ismar read ivy past like an open book,
and among many other things she told
me that my father was dead and that my
mother had married again and was living 1
in Melbourne. Australia, at the present
time, and that I would be with her before
the end of the present year. An answer
to a letter addressed to my mother In
Melbourne has proved to me the correct-
ness of all Ismar's statements, even to j
the fact that they had moved there from
Montreal. Canada."
Away off in Australia an anxious moth-
er awaits the arrival of the vessel bring-
ing her long-lost daughter home. Miss
Weber's last words were that Ismar has
the next place in her heart after her
; mother.
To one and all, no matter what yonr
: troubles be, come to Ismar. She will tell
: you what you want tc know and set your
affairs aright, whether they be business or
', family ones. Ismar can be consulted dally
from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.: Sundays from 10
to 12. at her office. 1148 Market street, two
doors below Weinstock & Lubln's.
RUPTURE CURE.
The benefit of our large ex- /Sggfcfc.
perience in fitting and curing /^^^5»^
Kupture3 by the Fidelity Method Lp ksgl
is secured in this office. Ve f^fftwSffi?
TRUSSES FRBB/jHRL'
I We can cure reducible KzftZ&W tS
j ruptures in 60 days by our i(i«Sil^ fl
method without pain or loss bBSbHIA /^f
of time. Over 2O.G0O cures BRpSHR^J'
in 10 years. TheVee may Jix|sS8^ST
be deposited in a bank, pay- lifJM&MB^'v-
able to your own order, to be MssiKKil
handed us \u25a0when cured; NOT aBia l|Ba
BEFORE. Successful on B|l VSL
men, women and children. E^A EfcLj
Branch offices in all large l[«<1f EmI
cities. Consultation free. flw raj
Fidslity Rupture Cure. Jl§ %
Rooms 4, 5 & 6, No. 26K Keamj St., S. F.'
AUCTION!
V
Referee's Auction Sale
BY ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Crooks 1 Estate Properties,
Monday, October 7, 1901,
12 O'CLOCK NOON. , ;?, -
At Salesrooms of i * "" * •
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Nc. 14 Montgomery Street.
Prominent Third-Street Corner,
200 feet of Market Street. Larga
front igres on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the cty. Offered inthreo
subdivisions—
1. North corner Third and Jessi© sts., «9 ft.
on Third at.. 83 ft. on Jessie st. Stores and
offices; rents $3220 per annum.
2. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson at.. 57:(
ft. east of Third St., and fronting 27:« ft. oa
Jessie.
J. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting: SO ft. on Stevenson at.. UT:«
ft. east on Third st. and fronting 47 ft. oa
Jessie st. Annual income front these last two
pieces $4C0O; can be separated and Increased
with small outlay.
Choice Pieee of Business Property.
Nos. 910. 9V2 and 914 Kearny street, between
Jackson and Pacific, extending through to
Montgomery avenue; two frontages. 49:J feet
on Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery avenusj
will pay well when properly Improved.
Brick Building, Nos. 915-917-919
Dupont Street.
Between Washington and Jackson: lot 4?:S ,
feet by 137:< feet: best location la. Chinatown j
present' rental $155 per month.
Nos/*832-834. Washington .Street-
Large, centrally located corner brick build-
ing in Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
ington street and Stouts alley, between Dupont
aid Stockton streets; 64:S by 137:8 feet; rents
J350 per month.
Three Lar?e Pieees of Property In l .
Potrero District.
ComtnK manufacturing center of th» dry; i
described as follows:
Almost entire block bounded by 13th and j
19th. Wisconsin and Arkansas streets. ;
Arkansas street' frontage \u25a0 of 200 feet, front j
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street, S. W. corner of Wisconsin, j
96:10 feet on 19th by 83 feet on Wisconsin it.
See diagrams for further particulars, or th*
Referees,- , v \u25a0?;; r
J. Ti HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H-jlMBSEN, 14* Montgomery St.
P. * J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3-— R»-
modeled anof renovated. „ KING. WARD tk
CO.' European plan. Rooms. 50c to JI 50 day;
15 to IS week; JS to *20 month. Free baths; hoc
and cold water every room: flre grates in every
room: elevator runs all night.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIAKA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market,
3OCE. BIBATJXT'S • SPECIFICS-
Made Hep
Beautiful
Every Lady in the Land Can Now
Have a Beautiful Skin.
A TRIAL BOX FREE.
It has remained for a Cincinnati woman
to discover the secret of a perfect skin.
Fhe has at last found the key to feminine
beauty. All the sighs and heartaches
TtJt§&C " *•"**!- *j^^_^*^ J (Shorn ing her
'jffij \r % ,t, f^" M •mproTem*Dt.»
cv«t a poor appearance may now be ban-
ished, for It is \rithln the means of every
lady, youngr or middle ag-ed, to have the
clearest end most refined complexion, so
dear to a woman's heart.
Fannie B. Ralston. 62S Lexington ave-
nue, Newport, Ky., eays: "When I began
using Mme. Ribault's complexion beauti-
fiers I did not think it possible to clear
rny skin: my face was in a horrible con-
dition, literally covered with red spots,
pimples, blackheads, moth patches and
f reckle s. I suffered a , thousand deaths,
and when I sent tor a trial of Mme. Ri-
bault'E beautitiers I improved so wonder-
fully that my frionds did not recognize
me. ro ouickly had the change taken
Place. My skin is now perfectly ioyely,
«nd there is not a blemish or \u25a0wrinkle
anywhere."
It 1b not a. fa^o powder, oream. cosmetic
or bleach; contains no oil, grease, paste,
chemicals or r°- sons of aiiv kind, and is
absolutely puro.
Write to Mme. M. Rlbault, 2735 Elsa
Buildinp, Cincinnati. Ohio, and she \u25a0will
mall free, prepaid, in a plain sealed wrap-
per, a parkag-rj cf her wonderful beauti-
fiers, and you will always bless the day
you wrote. Do not tail to write to-day.
fl j£?^^ .- J j«z^ j s the right medicine for people ra
II &sL>** ""*" *"^<^ 1 if w^° su^ er withl neuralgia, rheu- 1
H *\ UHllPR JJJV£/» 1 I matism, catarrh, cold in the head, fl
1 \}Yv" vu^ f^^ I \ cold in the lungs, sore throat and i
H wondsrfui ' 1 \\ a^ d' seases which may be caused I
H ""^sliiEi^ . ~^w, by an- inflamed condition of the I
m ffl £*-~~~' — ~-^ ;V membranes, muscles and tissues. \u25a0
I 1^.1^9- ftftltPPMte* ' \u25a0 Hal P runerVis > wonderfully
P \ "^Sk^m t^*^ • « I^V penetrative medicine, which
U v \u25a0* J^Sw' 1 *o*oam j ; q U i c kiy reaches the seat of the
fl \ ' trouble arid removes it. It is a
H r^m^^^^^^^- \*t!^& medicine which acts upon the
I "^^^^^^^^^ \4ff - blood, giving it strength, vitality
H purity to overcome all in-
I pain remover '.^^^^^^ flammation .and remove it from
if . f** « . - " — \u25a0 the svstem. fl
a r<neUmattSm •.««\u25a0 ««•»». Halpruner's wonderful medicine never I
m # . Rheumatism did any one any harm, while thousands \u25a0
m 'Mellclr*lS C»tlfl& ANn " of sufferers have been relieved of their \u25a0
n <»«»-.««*»« wwi P5alai»ia COPe " ills by its use. It is a medicine that \u25a0
n :J : Jf : '-..'•'. ' ; ought to be in every home, always B
if -^ibi i tn\um\imwtmmtmtmaama0^< \u25a0\u25a0unaii nrii T~Hm^ ready, for there is no telling when sick jn
I The $ I Size Contains Three Times as Much as the 50c Size. Wy§§S §
H \Halpruner's Wonderful Pain Remover comes in two sizes Sufferers are invited to consult with B
n — 50c and $1.00. The $1.00 size contains nearly three times Dr. Halpruner at his office, at 28 Cali- B
R • the quantity of the 50c size. The above pictures, are but half fornia street, during atternoons.' g
H as large as the original bottles, and are presented here to show ' To the Public. m
B the comparative sizes.' Nearly all druggists sell Halpruner's— I suffered with a severe sore throat |
\u25a0 , \u25a0 ., , I. .1 • _ ,. \u25a0• - • , . • four day? after the opera of .Theodora B
B some do not — they try to sell their own medicine, endeavoring at the Tivoli Opera-house. I used Dr. B
B to persuade customers from Halpruner's and : that their own Halpruner's Pain Remover as a gargle l|
\u25a0 v -',• ' \u25a0l '.. r\ »^. u • j 1 . . and to bathe my neck and. found instant IH
H preparations are better. Don t be imposed upon by the drug- i relief; in fact, I was almost Immediately, IH
B gists — demand the genuine Halpruner and take nothing else. \u25a0 cured and was able to continue my role |P
g If.thedruKjpst won't get it for you telephone to Bush 463. and In the IDA VALERGA. IH
g a bottle will be delivered to your home. $$it : >)i? „ : Prima Donna Tivoli Opera-house. l- I H<^/l A-^/^-l - OKTHT. MATRON MRS.
I iff Til LIZZIE TONNING
/ j I /I SEN and Worthy Pat
(VI I VI I I ron John . Tonnlngsen
V^y\>V\V presided at the meet-
Tj-f.'X: ing of California Chap-
ter of the Order of the
Eastern Star on the 21st Inst. for the first
time since' their return from Louisville,
Ky., where they attended the conclave of.
the Knights Templar. Almost the entire
membership was present, and there were
also in the chapter room visitors from
many parts of the State and from a num
ber of Eastern States. The officials named
were accorded a most generous, welcome
and would have been made the guests of
honor at a banquet, but this was deferred
on account of the chapter being in mourn
ing for the late President. During the
evening two applicants for admission info
the chapter were elected, two petitions
were received and the following named
ten candidates were initiated by the of
ficers-in a manner that surpassed any
previous effort: J. R. and Mrs. Jenkel,
E. D. and Mrs. Mendell, Gotlieb and Mrs.
Witmer, Mrs. Lilian Gately, Misses
Sophia and Josie Miller and R. H. Mc-
Pherson. John Tonnlngsen, Emma F. J Lel
bold and Anna Boxton, appointed by the
matron a committee on resolutions to the
memory of the late President McKlniey,
presented a series that were couched in
the most feeling language. These were
adopted by a rising vote and it was de*
elded that the same should be spread on
the minutes and that an engrossed copy
be forwarded to Mrs. Ida McKinley, who
is a member of the order at her home in.
Canton. This chapter particularly feels
the "nation's, loss by reason of the tact
that during the visit of the late President
to this city he manifested a deep interest
in its welfare because his wife had been,
specially invited to attend one of its ses
sions. The chapter has decided to meet
hereafter on the first and third Thursdays
of each month. An appropriate finale to
the session was the rendering on the lute
by Brother Adelstein of "Nearer, My God,
to Thee" and "Ave Maria," of sacred se
lections by -the quartet and the singing of
"Sweet Spirit, Hear My Prayer," by Mrs.
Ralph Hathorn.
There was a large attendance of mem
bers in the hall of Beuian Chapter on the
night of September 23 on the occasion of
six candidates being initiated in a most'
acceptable manner by the officers. " ; Tho
work of Mrs. Schmail, the conductress,
and of Mrs. Dohoho, the associate con
ductress, was most favorably commented
upon by visitors. Among the many who
were present from the several chapters
were Grand ' Secretary Mrs, K. J. Willats,
Past Grand Patron G. L. Darling, Past
Grand Organist Mrs. Darling, and Mrs.
H. M. Owens, who during the evening wan
presented a beautiful rose jar in recogni
tion of her kindness in naving on a num
ber of occasions sung for the chapter dur
ing ceremonies. After the work of the
evening there was an adjournment to tha
banquet hall, where a fine collation, was
served and there were addresses by mem
bers of the order. This chapter will have
two more candidates to initiate at a
future meeting.
The many friends of Mrs. Maude Tcr
williger. worthy matron of Golden Gate
Chapter; will be pleased to learn that She
Is rapidly recovering from the effects of
a severe operation' she had to submit to
about two weeks ago.
On the last day of September the hall of
Mission Chapter was crowded with mem
bers- of the order, who assembled to enjoy
the children's party given by the chapter
to the little ones of members. About fifty
juveniles, each carrying an American
flag, marched into the hall and were as
signed to a position of honor, after which
there was a programme of varied num
bers 'by the juvenile talent, contributed
by Mabel Ordway. Pearl Walker, M. L.
Gardner, Hattie Jones, Edna. S. 1 Mader,
iKydia Herman, Harry Chritiansen, Myrtle
Morgan, Alexander King, Helen McPhun,
Connie Christsen, Margaret Haggerty and
Wilford McPhun. After* the last number
the little ones were taken to the banquet
room, where they were treated to a
bounteous collation. Then followed games
and dancing. Mrs.. James Andrew Wil
son' was the chairman of the committee
of arrangements and Worthy Patron A.
M. Cox master of ceremonies.
San Francisco Chapter at its last held
meeting initiated five strangers and re
ceived ten applications." Among the
visitors was Mrs. A. Wood, matron, and
•Mrs. LJnea Lincoln Baehr, associate mat
ron, of King Solomon Chapter..'- ." i
Harmony Chapter will give a reception
and ball on the night of th© 17tb. inst. In
Golden Gate Hall.
.It is stated that King Solomon Chapter
will have work in the initiatory degree on
the night of the 16th Inst. . ... ;
The Odd Fellows.
Apollo Lodge. I. O. O. F., on the night
of the 28th of September paid a fraternal
visit to Amity Rebekah Lodge, where the
membership was cordially welcomed by
Miss S. M. Thompson, the vice grand.
After the formal introduction there were
interesting addresses by 'Frank "Van Ness
Cox. noble grand of the visiting lodge;
J. J. Applegate, grand marshal of the
Grand Lodge; Louis Hammersmith, P. G.,
Woodmen of the World.
On the night of the 2d inst. Mission
Camp, Woodmen of the World, at a well
attended meeting initiated two candidates
in a most acceptable manner and received
several applications. The team of this
camp, under command of Captain Stew
art, gave an exhibition of proficiency that
was loudly applauded. Under good of the
order there were short addresses for the
advancement of the interests-'of the camp.
The membership is arranging for a quar
tet and a string band to be enabled to
have additional social events.
On the 3d inst. North End Camp, the
baby of this city, gave its first entertain
ment and dance in Apollo Hall. • There
was a very large attendance to encour
age the new choppers. The programme
was a very creditable one, including
choice recitations, vocal and Instrumental
music and drills by Woodmen; also a
short address on the rise of the camp and
the order generally. Then followed a good,
programme of dancing and the serving of
refreshments.
San Francisco Elks.
. San Francisco Lodge of the B. P. O. EL
is still growing and It has made wonderful
strides under the leadership of Exalted
Ruler Dunne. It has now 473 members,
eighty-one of which were Initiated during:
the past six months. There are still thirty
to be Initiated and twelve applications
are under investigation. The treasury
contains $15,000, of which $6000 was accum
ulated in a few months. The lodge will
pay a fraternal visit on the 10th inst. to
Oakland Lodge and in order that no Elk
shall miss the last boat the lodge has en
gaged a tug to bring the boys home In the
morning. The lodge will in a short tima
visit the lodge in Vallejo and after that
the one in Sacramento. A ladies' night
for the latter part of the current month
is being arranged. A committee of flvs
has been appointed to make arrangements
for the proper transportation of those who
are to go to Salt Lake to meet the dele
gates to the grand lodge.
The Rebekahs.
The minstrel entertainment that was
given on the evening of the 28th of Sep
tember by Templar Lodge of the Rebek
ahs in Memorial Hall of • the Odd Fel
lows' building was attended by a large
number of the members and their friends
ready to assist a good cause, the enter
tainment being for the benefit of the hos
pital fund of the Orphans' Asylum at Gil
roy. The programme was an excellent
one, rendered by C. -W. Seeley as inter
locutor, E, N. Cameron and Miss B. Bak
er as bones, Mr. and Mrs. Osthoff as tam
borines. Misses G. Bray, M. Field and A.
Baker and Carlton Seeley as soloists, and
Nellie Reekie, Maud Finger, Carrie Cofnn,
MaudHoltzlander. Annie Clemo and Cora
Opsvig, chorus. The entertainment, one
of the most" pleasing ever given by the
lodge, was followed by dancing and will
net a goodly sum to the fund. The affair
was under the direction of Mrs. Geneva
Ash worth, N. G.; Mrs. Bessie Monroe, V.
G.; Mrs. Alma I. Jensen, Miss Tillie Stohr,
Miss M. Holtzlander and Messrs. Smith,
Osthoff, Coffin and Cameron.
On the night of the 2Sth of September
California Lodge had an open meeting
and- there was a good attendance. There
was a good programme of musical and
literary numbers and dancing until mid
night.
Amity Rebekah Lodge will give an In
door picnic in the banquet hall of the
Odd Fellows' building on the night of the
12th. The hall will be converted into a
picnic ground and there will be all the at
tractions of an outdoor picnic.
At the riddle contest In Oriental Re
bekah Lodge, presided over by Miss Jose
phine Walworth, Mrs. Fannie Igo won the
first prize and Robert Downey the sec
ond. The guessing was followed by a
dance. On last Wednesday the lodge had
a fine programme of entertainment that
was given under the direction of the en
tertainment committee. ' There "was a
large attendance and a pleasant evening
for all.
Daughters of St. George.
There was a large number of people In
the hall of Britannia Lodge, Daughters
of St. George, in Pythian Castle on the
night of the 30th of September on the oc
casion of a vaudeville presented for tha
entertainment of all present. The pro
gramme included a piano solo by Mrs. 3.
Chalmers; "The Fisher Girl," a sketch,
by Mrs. J. Davis; "The Unburied "Wo
man," a sketch, by Mrs. Pokeabout, Mrs.
Goaround, Mrs. Talkalong and Mr.
Bright: specialty by Mrs. Murphy, "the
finest sketch artist In the world"; horn
pipe by Miss F. Beauford; duet by Mes
dames Chalmers and Muhlner; "Zingara,
the Gipsy Queen." Mrs. J. Beauford; vo
cal solo, Florence Beauford; sketch from
Dickens. Mesdames Ruth Meadows and J.
Davis." Then followed a few remarks by
Mr. Booth of Sacramento, one of the old
est members of the Sons of St. George
on the Pacific Coast, who after compli
menting the lodge said that It was to be
regretted that there is not a like lodge in
the capital city. Hugh Williamson of
Pickwick Lodge favored the audience
with some of his characteristic vocaliza
tion.
The National Union.
At the last held meeting of Yosemit*
Council of the National Union resolutions
were adopted in memory of the late Pres
ident McKinley and of sympathy for the
widow and relatives of the deceased. The.
charter was ordered draped la mourning
for thirty days.
. The next of those delightful entertain
ments given by the National Union Sci
cial and Literary Club under the patron
age of the San Francisco Cabinet will ba
in Odd Fellows' Hall on the night of the
9th inst. The programme includes many
musical selections and will close with a
comedy entitled "How He Became a
Tramp." . .
Independent Foresters.
The former treasurer of Court Terba
Buena, Emll Petroschka, ha3 been con
fined to his home .'with a severe attack of
illness for a number of weeks.
Court Diana is making considerable
gain in membership and it expects to be
come the bright shining light of thi
courts of Independent Foresters ia thla
city.
Court Terba Buena will give an enter
tainment and dance in the Shiela building:
on the night of the 15th Inst. for the bene
flt^of one of. Its members who through
selious illness finds himself in straitened
circumstances.
Our Native Daughters.
Grand President Mrs. Baker has re
turned'from her visit to. the -. parlors in
Humboldt County. At Arcata.she insti
tuted a new parlor, which has been named
Winona.
Alta Parlor has arranged for a ball In
grrand style on the 22d inst This very
harmonious parlor will work'to make this
a great success.
On the 25th inst. the committee that has
charge 'of making-arrangements for the
entertainment of the grand parlor officers
and delegates next year will give a birth
day party in Native Sons' -Hall. Those
who attend will' be charged an admission
of 1 cent for eaqh year of age. The pros
pects are that according to the price of
admission there will be, very many very'
young ladles there.
Grand -Secretary Miss- Laura^J. Frafces
has returned from. Her vacation at her
former home in Sutter Creek: Whils on
her vacation she wa's-th^, guest" of Ursula
Parlor of Jackson, when 'there was a fine
programme of entertainment and a ban
quet' in her honor. Amapola Parlor also
tendered her a reception, dance and ban
quet. The members of Amador Parlor
were also' the guests of .Amapola that
evening, \u25a0 ,.
The ; following named were visitors &i
the office 'of the grand secretary during
the past weekr Grand President Mrs.
Baker, Past Grand -Presidents -Mrs. Con
rad and Miss Wilkln; Hanna M. Bailey of
Darina Parlor, Mrs. M. Howard of Sutter
Creek, Evelyn Anderson of Oro Fino Par
lor, Marian Lay ton of Las Lomas Parlor
and Grand Trustee Mrs; Ella Caminetti of
Ursula Parlor.' \u25a0 -
Grand Trustee Mrs. Caminetti, together
with other dignitaries of the order, visited
a number of the parlors in this city last
week. On last Tuesday she was the guest
of Calaveras. the Beauty Parlor. Among
the visitors were Past Grands Mesdames
Conrad, Tillman and Mills, Grand Secre-
acting vice grand. of the .lodge, and Past
Grand W. C. Johnson, trustee of Apollo.
Then followed a high class programme of
entertainment, literary and musical, con
tributed by Miss Ella Thompson, Mas
ters "Willis and Peter Lawrie. W. L. Fer
ry. Fannie Igo. Robert Burns. Lester
Bums and Miss Styles. The members of
the Rebekah Lodge served icecream and
after 'that ' inaugurated a programme or
dancing. Emma E. Andrew, treasurer or
the visited lodge, and Past Grand Edward
Styche, the committee who provided the
entertainment, were frequently compli
mented for the pleasing manner in which
they provided for the visitors. . ,
Memorial Hall, in the Odd Fellows
building, was crowded to its limit on the
2d inst. on the occasion of the reunion
and entertainment of Farnsworth Lodge
in celebration of .its sixth anniversary.
The affair was first class in every par
ticular.' and in keeping* with the high
standard of this lodge. After a few re
marks by William I. Brobeck, P. G.. there
was presented vocal .and instrumental
numbers, specialties and character
sketches, contributed by Charles M. Em
erson P. G.; Harvey Le F. Marvin, Jo
seph Rosborough. Miss Hazel Wolfe, Mrs.
Bell . P. Ockenden, i Professor Harry L.
Hastings, Clifford McClellan and William
J. McDonald, after which there was danc
ing.
tary Miss Frakes, Grand VJce President
M133 Keith. Emma Hilke of Joaquin Par
lor, Alary Derosier and Margaret McCor*
mick of La Vespera Parlor. Josephine
Coddlngton of Orinda Parlor, and Mrs.
French and others of Alta Parlor. Dur
ln? the evening there was a "lady jinks"
for the entertainment of the visitors. A
feature was a three-ring circus with Mrs.
French as ringmaster. This afforded a
great deal ol amusement. The following
nisrht in company of the grand secretary
she visited Golden State Parlor.
TOLD IN ANTE=ROOMS.
LONDON, Oct 5.— According to the Ber
lin correspondent of the Times, during the
debate In the Berlin Municipal' Council
over the Kaiser's Interference with the
Interference With City
Affairs Arouses
Democrats.
KAISER VEXES
THE BERLINERS
A landslide has occurred on the Gllghlt
Hunza road,' Northwest India, a few'mfi^s
from Chalt. blocking the Hunza River
and forming a lake half a mile lone.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Golden West Tent of the Knights of the
Maccabees is still advancing without
sound of trumpets from the housetop and
making a good showing for the good of
the order. The reviews are well attended
and the officers are all working hard to
maintain the enviable reputation* they
gained for efficiency before the delegates
who attended the late State convention.
Frank J. Klerce has been re-elected a
member of the educational board, vice
himself, term expired.
W. H. Hobin has been appointed council
deputy for Stockton Council, vice J. H.
Ford, resigned.
Portola Council has arranged for a ball
'- Golden Gate Hall on the 24th of Octo
ber.
~i. Mary's Council of Gllroy will initiate
twelve candidates on the 6th of October.
Some of the grand officers will be present.
The first installment of the per capita
tax, 80 cents, has been declared payable
October 1.
Strossmeyer Council .will celebrate the
fifth . anniversary of its Institution by a
ball in Native Sons' Hall October 29.
Young Men's Institute.
.The executive, council has . off ere'd an ele
gant prize to the court that", shall initiate
'the greatest number of members between
the 1st -of- October and the 21st of next
March. The trophy will be. presented at
the High Court session in May, 1902.
-\u25a0• Supreme Grand Chief Companion^ Mrs
Miller has been visiting .the circles in
Aritador ' County and has been well \ re
ceived at Jackson, Sutter Creek and Ama
dpr.City.V \u25a0 • \u25a0 -\u25a0-',.•':-••.: ; . \u25a0 = -•
Court Star of the "West . gave a very
pleasant social at home in its hall in the
Foresters' -building on the night of Sep
tember 27. There were many of the mem
bers and their friends present; who were
entertained with a well arranged j pro
gramme. "
A new court called McKinley was insti
tuted at Verdi, Nev., with a good charter
list last month. George A. Lewell is
the chief ranger and O. F. Stackpole is
the financial secretary.
High Chief Ranger Boehm returned to
this city September 27, after an absence of
several weeks', during which time he has
visited all the courts in the adjacent
States. , • .
Ancient Order of Foresters.
LONDON, Oct. 5.— There is a flutter in
high society , owing to the fact that the
Karl Marshal has issued the rules , and
regulations governing what is to be worn
at the coronation of King Edward next
year. The whole document breathes of
the -, middle ages, when distinctions in
dress were considered so essential and the
quaintness of the phraseology in which
the attendance of the nobility of the
United. Kingdom is required "at th.»
solemnity of the royal coronation of their
most' sacred majesties," and' describing
the regulations in regard to dresses and
head dresses is distinctly medieval.
There is a curious gradation in the fur
trimmings of the robes which emphasizes
the fine distinctions existing in the ranks
of the aristocracy. All the Peers have
peen notified that their robes must be of
"crimson velvet, edged with \u25a0 miniver, the
cape furred with miniver, pure and pow
dered with bars or rows of ermine, ac
cording to their degree."
\u25a0Here follow the numerical graduations
distinguishing between the ranks. .Barons
are allowed two rows of ermine, Viscounts
two and ia half rows. Earls three rows,
Marquise* three and: a half rows and
Dukest four rows, i All the mantles and
robes must be worn over full court dress,
uniform or regimentals. \u25a0 - . . ; .
The Earl Marshal's order . banlshes
counterfeit pearls and all jewels from
coronets, which. are to be "silver gilt, the
caps of crimson velvet, turned up with
ermine, with gold tassels on top. No
Jewels or precious stones, are. to be set in
coronets, nor counterfeits of pearls in
stead of silver balls." The number of the
Earl Marshal of England
Issues a Quaint ;
Order. •
JEWELS BURRED
AT CORONATION
scheme for the crossing of Unter den Lin
den by street car lines, Herr Singer, the
local Democratic leader, violently at
tacked the Chief Burgomaster, saying he
oug-ht to go to the castle and kowtow,
as he had been there three times and the
Kaiser had refused an audience to him
each time.
Chief Burgomaster Kirschner replied
hotly, urging the assembly to bear in
mind the respect it owed to the head of
the state. He approved the resolution,
however, and expressed the hope that the
city would yet obtain what-it wanted. .
Later on in the discussion Hefr Singer
referred to Emperor William's speech to
the Alexander Regiment of Guards, In
which his Majesty said that he would/if
necessary, quell the Impudence and in
subordination of the Berliners with . the
bayonets of the guards.
Herr Kirschner again replied. He said
that the Emperor's words were not . as
strong as reported. They were also ex
plicable from, a psychological and human
point of view, as the speech was delivered
Just after the attack on the Kaiser at
Bremen. Nevertheless, Herr Kirschner
admitted the imperial speech had pained
him.
latter permitted revives a nice sense of
distinction. A Baron's coronet bears six
silver balls, a Viscount's, sixteen, an
Earl's eight with gold strawberry leaves
between, a Marquis' four balls and four
leaves alternately. A Duke's coronet has
no balls and has only eight gold straw
berry leaves. v_: " x
The Earl Marshal next prescribes the
robes, mantles and coronets to be worn
bv the Peeresses. These are of the same
materials as the men's, with similar grad
uations in the number of bars of ermine
and balls. The length of the trains mark
the difference in rank. A Baroness fc; only
allowed a train of three feet, a Viscount
ess has one and a quarter yards, Count
esses have one and a half yards, a Mar
chioness has one and three-quarter yards
and a Duchess two yards. •
Then follows a curt, notification - as to
who shall be excluded. Peeresses in their
own right and widows of Peers are al
lowed to attend, but widows who have
remarried beneath their rank in the.peer
age are "not entitled to a summons to
attend the coronation."
THE SANFRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
16
.{-:- ADVERTISEMENTS. : • # * ' ' ''''." .- \u25a0.' ' ' .'- "'"'\u25a0' ''"
nrnrnr nr mm m nrmnrmiirmnnif ww nr iviihir mw wwiif m m.nr nfWTra.mi!ra wmiffw mmi^mwwiff m.wg
|=f extra " fable Linens, Napkins, Towels, Spreads, TpiLlow cases? %
i special. Blankets, Comforters, Sheets, Pillowcases. \u25a0 .J^ftarsjrs* . =3
•t^ 25C0 Ready-made Roller Tow- 8-inch hem, made of a high-
| jSs&«25c[ A Bargain Event of Great Note-Offers That Have Never Been Equaled. |S=^f^| |
i" SALE COMMENCES TO-MORROW, October 7, to Continue for One Week. j
•^ We begin to-morrow— planned as never before— that matchless Annual House Furnishing Sale, an offering Intensely interesting to every economical housewife— TO ALI/ who
\u25a0*\u25a0" want to save. It's a great gathering of the enormous purchases made months ago. when it was possible to secure the lowest prices on large quantities. «HIS UNQUESTIONABLY — «r
gp- win prove the BARGAIN EVENT of the entire year, fcr our buyers have used greatest energy to ASSURE for THIS SALE the greatest volume of business ever done in our Furnish- -^-
\u25a0»- tng department. Hotels, Restaurants and general housekeepers cannot afford to miss this GREAT SALE, for such opportunities right at the beginning of the season are rare. — «
E TABLE LINEN BARGAINS. IRISH AND GERMAN NAPKINS. EXTRA SPECIAL TOWEL VALUES. =§
«»— 100 pieces CO-ineh Bleached Table Dam- SOO dozen 20-inch Napkins, pure linen, 600 dozen heavy fringed, soft finish Tow- 200 dozen Turkish Towels, heavy and ab- ,~a*
mZ. ask. in very pretty designs, regular value neat design; worth $1.75. Sale <«J? | .45 els," size 18x36, worth 10c. Sale £*lr+ sorbent, size. 18x3S; worth $2.00 IOlr» ~~^'
»- COc. Sale price ' A A #- Price Dozen ,«JJ \u25a0 price. ...Each VF4V/ dozen. Sale price Each. I \u25a0A***'
•*- Tard T'T'w «- 300 dozen Hemmed All Linen Huck Towels, . — «
fc: " "_I 9MI rt«T»n An T.inpn Nankins fullv 22 17x32, regular value $1.50 -dozen. tf\r» 100 dozen Hemstitched Huck Towels, ex- -««
SEE «5 pieces 70-lnch Bleached Table Damask. inches e quare^"wo^hV^ P Sale . Sale price.. .... Each IOC tra heavy hand loom, size 21x42; elegant =-
extri heavy quality, neat designs. AQ r pricV .!T... Dozen <I> * , 250 d ° 2e n Hemmed All Lin«n Huck Tow- value at $6.00. Sale price. _.... «4 oo .
•\u25a0- worth 6Sc. Sale price Yard T'Ov v > els, size 19x36, white, red and blue borders; •••• • Dozen Kirs:— -^
i^- " . '\u25a0-". : worth $2.25 dozen. Sale price lCtr» mn «!<,„«. /-•-„ v t-^^^i^o. «»i-w ahenrh — "*
S= 60 pieces 72-inch German Linen, extra 200 dozen All Linen Napkina. Irtsh manu- ! EachlOC \u25a0» \u25a0f*^£,^£ 1( £ w «""* v f r i y ,l^2 Th r~
*^- heavyV^oft Wish. pUl^center-^VilTr facture, 24 Inches .Quaxe. regular CQ s5 200 dozen extra heavy Huck Towels, all «£ d 17 g £ ch *.' e wlde ' worth Vard 5C
worth $1.00. Sale price Yard (DC price $3.00. Sale prlc Dozen O^ linen, soft finish, size 18x36, great value at >ara> 5ale prlce * a 35
•»- . . " *2.50 dozen. Sale price CQ otl 800 pieces extra heavy Barnsley Crash. 18 jZ
£T B9 pieces ©-Inch extra heavy Bleached 150 dozen extra heavy. All Linen Nap- Dozen O-A Inches wide, regular value l%c. \f\r> — •
«>_. Table Linen, handsome deslgna; OQ/-» klna, 25 Inches square, in elegant patterns, . 200 dozen Huck Towels, extra heavy, 'soft lor Yard IUv """•
«ood«l».«.a.B.l 1 p«lee....Y«d «»C worti J^^^—-^^ $2— : bJrdVfoxIrwofi, B.7? ft.^ ' 800 piece, real Russian Crash; regular
•»- 40 pieces 72-lnch' Bleachefl Tabl« Linen. prfca Dozen tD^ — value 20c. Sale prioe \~%r* -»
y German make, la a variety of choicest de- 100 dozen 24-inch German Napkins, In 150 dozen Hemstitched Huck Towels, with xasa ".*^T r .
g*~ signs, dots and scrolls, a grand quality; choicest designs, soft finish, actually handsome damask figures through center; 100 pieces Glass Toweling, fine quality, in '—m
»- regular value *L"5. Sale prlc*.... C I .'•-i worth *4.60. Sale price <K<i i>o 20x38; worth $4.00. Special O^r> red and blue checks; regular value IA/»,
...Tard «J>* - Dozen «J>O „ Bach 12Hc Sale prtce .....Yard Ivv
£ SALE OF CALIFORNIA BLANKETS. IMMENSE 88 COMFORJERS. EXTRASPECIALS in BEDSPREADS "3
SI 100 pairs 10-4 White California BlankeU, extra heavy, with '45 dozen Comforters for double bed's' filled' with snowflake "^.'V' '.'""' '.""' "' |ff . ,
mZ. red. Blue and pink borders, bound with deep silk <£O* 8 cotton, covered with pretty Silkoline; regular C1- 15 40 dozen iron-frame extra heavy Honey Comb Spreads, al- —«,
•- binding- worth U B0. Special Pair tp J« value $1.60. Special at Each «I> I ready hemmed, in a choice selection of patterns: <ir|. 35 _-•
T~ _ . . 35 dozen extra heavy Comforters, full size, filled with worth at least $l.io. Special Each «J> \u25a0
t00 pairs White California Blankets9w6 feet wide, 7 feet pure wnrte cotton and Covered with Silkoline in thechoicest 85 dozen English Marseilles Spreads, extra heavy, nic -*•
js^- long, extra heavy and fleecy, a great"T>argaln at «Q- a5 patterns; actually worth $2.25. Special at : '-C1.7b patterns, good vaJue at $2.50. Special at..: <21.ur>
*^Z 15.00. Special at Pair «PC» ; Each<J>I^ — Each «f) 1 -*\u25a0*
200 pairs extra heavy All Wool "White Blankets, made by pYTDi 15 dozen Fine Down Comforters, with 35 dozen extra heavy Marseilles Spreads for double beds,
3F^ the leading California mill, regular value $7.50. .».» 1<AIHA J1LV;.1L- exquisite sateen covering, <CQ- y <» In choice patterns, already hemmed, good value <tO.j» — *•
\u25a0^" Epecial at Pair <I>" good value at $5.50, for .Each «JJO at $3.50. Special at EachtJ)-*
E LINEN TABLE CLOTHS. Sheets' and Pillow Cases at a Big Reduction. =§
S- Especially Imported for this sale much below regular prices, in all the choicest pat- These are made of a dependable? wearing muslin, are hand torn, ready for use. ; l T*i
•*- teme. >• ' 500 dozen Hemmed Pillow. Cases, 60x36, regular value lac. At 12c each ~Jm
SZ 200 Table Cloths, b1z« 2x! yards, regular value J2 60. Bale price 81.95 each 300 dozen Hemmed Pillow Cases, 54x36, regular value ISc. At 14e each ««
\u25a0^ 250 Table Cloths, size 2x2^4 yards, regular value $3 00. Sale price $2.45 each 2no dozen Hemstitched Pillow Cases, 45x36, regular value 22V4c At 19c each *^
am— 225 Tabla Cloths, elxe 2x8 yards, regular value $S 60l Sale price S^-**® each 250 dozen Hemstitched Pillow Cases, 50x36, regular value 25c. At 21c each rSS
150 Table Cloths, size 2x3V4 yards, regular value $4 75. Sale price $3.1)5 each 200 dozen Hemstitched Pillow Cases, 54x36, regular value 27 1 ,4c At 31Sc each —«
H GREAT SAVING IN SHEETING. -READY-MADE SHEETS; 3
5= CO pieces bleached Pillow Cuing. 45 Inches wide, of a standard make;,regu- \C\ r . '5 I5SSJ2' l™°n ~fl^fc^i tnS' "* ceac \t
— i«..^«tii« i»ii.« <3n».iai •* Tard 1UC 6o oozen bneets, 63x30, regular value 50c- At 42c each _„
•^ Isj value l^hic Special at xara mww 70 dozen Sheets, 72x90. regular value 55c. : At 4»c each
«^"* 75 pieces bleached Sheeting, £1 Inches wide, a good quality; regular value 22^c. I Qr» 60 dozen Sheets, 81x90, regular value 65c. At 57Vic each ""**'
\u25a0y~ Bpedal at Yard «Ov 55 dozen Sheets, 90x90. regular value 75c. At f>'2\le each
g A SUPERB SHOWING OF BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS. |
We xrlll have ready for you, beginning to-morrow, the MOST NOTABLE ASSEMBLY of Black and Colored Dress Goods, that surpasses any previous Importation. It's a
collection of the beet fabrics from, the world's most famous manufacturers in Europe' and America— in all the very latest weaves and colorings. We CALL SPECIAL ATTENTION _3
to our immense assortments of BROADCLOTHS, PRUNELLAS, VENETIANS, ARHURES; ETA1I1NES, . MELROSES, -POPLINS. PANNE VIGOUREUX, LAXSDOWNES-both -5jj
\u25a0^~ black and colored: also a complete line of the celebrated Priestley's Black Goods In .all the' desirable weaves. To insure- tremendous celling for this week we have selected • the "^
2^: following lines, fabrics of unquestioned excellence, at prices that will crowd the departments to their utmost: - ..' . HS
E A GREAT OFFERING OF IMMENSE SALE OF BLACK GOODS AT i
\u25a03Z= UTEW SATT2T FTNTSH: PBTTNELT^AS 1 A J gT% A £Xf\ 02-USrCB[ BLACK BROATXJLOTH *t%A C\f\ =3!
NEW MELEOSE^ SUTTINGS AND [ A f , U U 52-INCH BLACK VENETIAN ( V&Z'l # UU 2
2Z. NEW STXK FINISHED HENEIETTAS ) JLJL L Cf/ X Yard BLACK MELEOSE AND PBUNEIXA- [ (Dl Yard 2
The srandsEt values offered this season. Fabrics o* the hig-hest order. In colors of These surpass in value-giving any attempted— th» desirable fabrics approved by fa?h- """*
gf— brown, new blue, navy, reseda, cadet, castor, gray, rose, tan, red, etc., exceptionally Ion— of absolutely fast black London dye; great leaders at IJl.OO'a yard "
I ""extraordinary black silk sale 1H^KKVr u^i»T^ # i
MONDAY AND TUESDAY. t OLl f\w\f\ I L OlYlil E \O &(
i»- There Is planned for Monday and Tuesday a Black Silk Sale, by far the greatest l r -". V r '-"'.', : f-,; . . , , ' .. v///J//s*J>- — *
\u25a0f— values that we have been able to offer you^for a long Ume. "We have orten given you . Is by lax the Choicest and most complete Of any in //////\u25a0 I X ~~ t?
some remarkable Black Silk bargains, but they could never equal these for value and this city. We are Constantly planning tO brinj? OUt the [ll/il/- A \ — ""
ik^w cheapness «« \u25a0 .. . . \u25a0 • 4 , \ \{ 1 1 / S\ \ —*&
~ W 1WPU TICKT* OQ rt YorH-V Dl lOIT DClli nc CfllC AT* Varrf new models, and we assure you that every late.idea in I | /\ \
ZZ 00-INCH TArrfcTA 98C Yam. BLAGK PEAU Dt SOlC 6/C Yard. skirt styles is sure to be found here— the newest /iacK\// "*
S— Begnlar Valoe $1 25 Worth 85o shapes, weaves and materials— something different from /Vu wfc/ US
$00 yards 26-lnch Swiss \u25a0 Taffeta, a pood An unprecedented bargain, extra heavy, '; what'fs tO befound in Other Stores. This Week's show- /V^l Yl — 3t
*T" wearing: quality, full of luster, very crisp; splendid quality Black Peau de 8ole, war- • -ii ; n -i.."j- \u2666!,« lpaHitic clvlpc in 9TT V 'nFT Jt I « "^
fc: has never been sold under *1.25 a yard; ranted pure silk; there is probably enough *"* ™"," 1 C *?J^iH 1^- rfxSS-J&l e x S T * ! ji-r^- *> .-^3 \u25a0\u25a0 * I -, -L - =S
mm- for Monday and Tuesday.....:.... 'Q O^ for a two days' sale; remember every yard is VELVET, CLOTH, VENETIAN,' ETC. ' Guaranf-'--- 7' « '^! •— •
S£= Tart OOW worth S5c; Monday and Tuesday, yard.. O7c teed to be perfect hanging garments at very moderate •..-/. \u25a0 ft r- .^=3
fc 3500 Yards at 220 Yard. LXqUI!»ILG- $12.50 Dress Skirts $7.50 Each. 3
& Eepl»r V»lue« S6e ana «o. C* I £» *» #TI4-* I This offer alone should brln K hundreds of eager buyers <& M^^Mm$?\
Zl f i-(Mi ft/i- On8 °k £ Ur i& .' \u25a0\u25a0'' I If] II Of* I bpcause these skirts are Indeed a great bargain. Made of a Z3
g= r.f&£tt/ff)&2. foi" embroidery of- \u25a0 IVBIIilV/l high grade English Cheviot, finished with a full flarin? • >K& W,
'K&Si. 7%^^^ ferin & s . that , h » s '• \u25a0_ _ , flounce, elaborately trimmed with satin folds around !Pu_._ Wh^S^^ ZS
~= '2&£&4*&!&i0. never been equaled. \\/ ~^Z~-*4. flounce and gores; in every way. high class. On «C7'-5O \u25a0 =S
fc i^ u rTe tiie who r i2siit- Waists • eaieat • • \u25a0•• \u25a0-- -^ 7 7" * 2
sz Cwfclti \ 6& b 2, use a U our own «. . RFAl PARIS KID GLOVES. Grand Display and Sale of
•- V*«?ralli.U»^ price - Thesr ar * There Isn't a handsomer waist section In liLAL r/MU«J HIU VILUILJ, k ' UUICTC -*£
S^ 'ft 5 'fcAj3AiU^l??'>. made on Btr °ns and this city than ours. Tou can prove that by The first fall shipment has ar- A| Afl S5.OO OlLK " lVAlO I O. =55
„- i>. ,;%ti<S\Cjl durable materials. the mere trouble of a visit, but if you are rived— on sale commencing to- Tt I *"• • : • \u25a0
am— \- •<» M V*^v fully » Inches wide; a lover of waist beauty, the visit will be morrow. We pronounce them til 1 1 U U Wo ventu ra to say that you have never —^»
«'-'» < u35k V\ the designs are pleasure, not trouble. TOR MONDAY this the best glove value in Amer- a \u25a0_ seen better values at this price. They are _Ja
fc'''O < "^^©)* 1>^vY beautiful, In a large special offering: 200 waists mada of the lea Made of the finest French Pair exquisitely fashioned garments made of -*»
~~ *t* « m£ «tii : *rri^Jj variety of exqul- very finest French twilled Flannel in the lamb skins with the latest stitched backs fine quality silk— an unparalleled exhibition ""•
g"- i&ii^fcifiSit^'^A "it* patterns; were latest fashion, with dainty tailor stitching and 2-clasp fasteners, in all the leading of dainty styles and brilliant color effects; ZZm
•»- j Wt«2»^w <^. j manufactured to sell all over front and back, a charming looking colorings and black, all sizes; every pair 150 new fall waists go on sale — Just in from -"\u25a0\u25a0
g— • >.'V\vSv«>^ r^> at 35c and 40c a waist, in all the leading coloring*; well \u25a0 fitted and guaranteed. On sale the first New Tork; every new color is Included;
ZZZ ~^ yard. On QQr» worth $5.00. On special sale at. 4PQ.75 time to-morrow at <K1 >0U sizes 32 to 4t On sale to-morrow, <JJ^ 00 — —
»- Bale for to-morrow only, at, yard -«.«Gw Each tpO— Pair-<P* — ; . special Bach tJJCl — — •
ss e« =n mP a ts^lsrz£%*stei*z phemomenal valles in laces. SALE OF FRENCH FLANNELS
S8.50 FOR S" wf ,,?» k n ,,rrt, B^ A magnificent display from the great creative European Vl \u25a0 .^Ll^l I I L/^l^l 1^ LLO -^
CM t?n SL; ™^,»?2i IL ?J • Iac * «nters-a few are named to give some idea of the > cf% _ ,. _ \u25a0 -m
~- Oli.OU OlLK deep graduated accordion-plait- extent of our collection: Point Venise Galloons, Point OUC Oliailty f\ ZZ
SS DFTTimAT^ ™rhSS5S\n5 X *iSt5L.? r V l G» M Law In Pompadour effects, Chantllly Velvet Ap- ** J _•
23 PETTICOATS £% ££\u25a0 p^-. etc. A LAGE SALE MONDAY. Monday Ocfl^Yard 12
\u25a0T B •? fie; in all the leading colors and >.OAf «, w t nt v =5
t= ?5ular a m.50 U ?kl" d ofLle^ec^at 66 " 011 ' 8 '**'' & L^^^^^^^i JZJX^ul^- To-morrow we will offer the second shipment of thl. 3
mm- i. c a.<u fii..- t».i >-" taie nyeudi <j.i &M?5&&^&?^1&^U]i0i ty of pretty patterns. great purchase. Tou know what a run we had on them — «»
•— j^ _. KC3^?^* : i2&V : ife=*>^' i ' J >'^*'* were opened on Sat- three weeks ago— hardly enough to last all day. They are — *g
5S^ G* <D tU \u25a0\u25a0 P^^^^iftSSTnSj^R^'^V?^ 1 urday. Most of them are JusA those -Ranted for waists; In colors of cardinal, gar- — o
»— «rai» \u25a0» f ' *ii^^ZtY&Zj-L- worth 20c and 25c. On net, royal, old rose. Nile, light blue, reseda, tan and — •
*»-. S' V -'' V -'" , jSS^^^frJ^^SJJrt^^VSja special sale Iff/, green, A regular 60c flannel for Monday Qn r
•s_ ** "V.^C** 1 rr *i . Monday... Yard. IOC YardOOL
LINING SALE MONDAY ? coun 'try^Rders receive prompt attention. s«— — g
g REGULAR VALUE IG^c YARD. M !&i& I&/&B J^/^Jl^fflM M^&lW/^S> NEW" LACE ROBES.
fc To crowd this department we make J SMW =^\ They have arrived, those • exquisite
j-. this very exceptional offer for Monday. ' J Parisian novelties. The very latest ef- =5
New 36-mch mercenzed skirt hnme; a W& fects in point d'esprit, appliqued with =25
»>_ good quality that sells at 16 2-.3C. In *^^ tawor- natfSSf^^ velvet and ruching trimming:; also a
•"" colors of brown, cardinal, garnet, gray, 111 \u25a0 magnificent line of spangled robes in
mm- reseda, royal, green, cadet, purple and many very tasteful designs. Come and J3»
ALL MEDICINES FREE UNTIL CURED
If You Be^in Treatment With Drs. -Shores & Shores, San Francisco's Leading
Specialists, THIS WEEK, Either at Office or by Mail.
This eenerous offer by Drs. Shores & Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts, goes into effect AT
ONCE and holds good EVERY DAY THIS WEEK, UP TO SATURDAY NIGHT, AT 8 O'CLOCK. OCTO-
BER 12, to all who. begin treatment either at the office or by mail. .
No matter how complicated your case may be; no matter how many different medicines the case requires; no
matter how expensive the medicines may be, Drs. Shores & Shores will furnish you with all medicines prepared' in
their own private laboratory, to suit your case, absolutely free, until cured, if you begin treatment THIS" WEEK.
NOW REMEMBER THE OFFER.
... • If you have Catarrh or any deep-
tL^!fs30^m^\ seated Catarrhal Chronic Disease you
'8 3§5s?3*|r \|\ month, which pays the doctors for their egK^F
\Hy /-*3eX CONSUXTATION" FEEE TO ALL. J^aS *\ Pi
xQji We treat Catarrh, Asthma, Deafness . %ZZfjhiA ' ls\$S
I arid all forms of Chronic and Nervous WM///s//i *N*^ l^wXy
PORTED^ r ri n to their VKn!l! h ln%he N trea^- f
• c-^^S . ment of deafness, catarrh and all forms of ner- vwaWI^^^^u^SsSf^Snuwft
voua and complicated chronic diseases, but each ''W/5rt *>J^^yT^rMf ,\\| V '
wpfk give VOLUNTARY testimonials from lift f^/K^jBiW*
MRS. J. E. HOPPER, 16 Page Street. San HOME PEOPLE— people you can see and talk =*> \u25a0 •
Francisco, uu. with. They speak for Drs. Shores' skill as EX- ALFRED F. ' WALCOM 609 Dolores Str»«t.
/>fjm /\»i|/» P ATADDH PERT physicians and specialists. If a doctor San Francisco Cal '
VllKUlllV \Jt\ 1 i^lvlvll* te u s you ho. can CURE you of your ailment it
x • \u25a0 win only be a "PROTECTION" to you to al- AS 1 HiVl A
I MRS. -HOPPER SATS: j ow n im to furnish you Vrith the "EVIDENCE" «n»/-»»
"I have lived In California twenty-seven years o{ hls sW n CURED patients are' always will- MR. WALCOM SAYS-
and a great many people know me. I have been , ng . to speak a goo d word for their physician. "I have lived in this cltv an mv n^« t m
a 'victim of chronic catarrh for ' thirty years; In these day8 or PECULATING SHAMS AND at 609 Dolores street andhi»«iw™ » I . .
my head would pain me greatly. .It also affect- QUAC K SPECIALISTS. Drs. Shores know it is ferer from asthma for thT r>a,t J?Ji, 3!t r
ed my eyes and hearing, and when I caught not a ,^ y3 an e asy matter for the sick to Be- WOULD CHOKE UP AT SIGHT AVnS'f
cold I would be quite deaf. My stomach was lect -doctor who Is BEST QUALIFIED by £E R , TERRIBLY; I would have to sit up la
also affected; it would burn and I would bloat educat!on an(1 experience to treat their partlo- catarhVj E . athe - x HAVE. ALWAYS HAD
up after eating. I would get very dizzy and I u]ar ajjment. It, is tor "this reason that Drs; UP and I wn,??rt Wi^x^ I !? 8 « wouM STOI>
was run down in every way and very ner- Shore9 ' SUKgeS t that' if ris BETTER for tb« deal. I havl had ovtrluonTon m 1 ,!^
vous. :*:. .\ . ' \u25a0; ' QUALIFIED doctor to furnish his. "DOUBT- doctored a great deal to try to get relfef I
•'This was my condition when I A applied to ING" patients with the evidence of his skill. have also taken lots of PATENT MErJirri'w*
s^W^ 5?^^«^-- t s^--t^sr : bui
never got any permanent beneii, I can ; say S^g'J^f^&X? 3*&
Drs. Snores' treatment helped me* from the or disease begin your treatment before "> e V helped me trom the FIRST DA T f couirl
start. My headache left . me after the first your disease has reached the- "INCURABLE BREATHE easy at night and have ImoroviS
week, and I now feel better in every way. In STAGE." - steadily ever since, until now I sleep good all
fact I feel almost well. My stomach does not \u25a0 - . nignt. My catarrh is much better and my head
bother me any more and I digest my food. rnnciiifofinn nnrl Fv ' riv« I ,' fe « 1 ' be "«' »" every way. and It
"I take pleasure in recording Drs. COnSUltatlOIl 811C1 tiX~ £ -„ "^S"^ *?&S2£
KVU'e S^Z^STt^SS^ catarrh - amination Free All gj 3 **?* tor thelr trratmrat *- *~ £»£&
\;j%^^^^p??ltiV%; This Week fop Any (Slgned) '\u25a0\u25a0':.«, »ASSg.*,J3^£.-.
verify the truthfulness of the same." ., ~ .-• • - . <J ! — f r*nmco.
(Signed) 16 VtVfan^raSco Disease. . .HOME TREATMENT CURES.
. ' -' : ; \u25a0-. _No one need bo deprived of the benefits <rf
- . . '. . [ Drs. Shores' treatment because of living at a
__ «^ -»% \u25a0 \u25a0 V-k. m*ai \u25a0— ; VV l v : iri .*-% \u25a0 \u25a0 >v Wk w- V~» \u25a0 ' distance from the offlee. Th> same wonderful
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists.; S^fes-^^^
CSS'Z.'* HISTORY BUILDING, 723 MARKET ST. ?^ te^. S^asgSffiggSsSS
; Office Hours-Week Days, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. Evenings. 6 to 8. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 12 Noon. FflEE^" *"" trOUbIe » r0 P erl » DIAGNOSED
If you havent a rcsular, healthy movement of the
bowels every day, you're ill or vUl be. Keep your •
bowels open, and bo well. Force, in the shape of Tin- i
lent physic or pill pol»on. Is danccrons. The smooth- •
er-t, easiest, most perfect way of keeping tbe bowels
clear and clean is to take ~.j. . .. . t
Jf\$cjb CATHARTIC *' \u25a0
EAT 3 EM LIKE CANDY :
Pleasant, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good, j
Hercr Bickcn, Weaken, or Orlpc. 10, 2i. and 60 ceoU j
prr box. Wrfto lor free sample, and booklet on .
health. Address C '
trrccuNo rxacDr coxpast, cmrAOO or keit todk. '<
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN 'German Prince to Visit Sultan.
BERLIN, Oct. 5.— Prince Adelbert of
Prussia will arrive at Constantinople
October SO on board the German training
ship Charlotte to pay a visit to Abdul
Hamid.
Special Hates
For e!de rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open" to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months* excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. Limit 30 days.
I 1 or time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe office*.
C41 Market st.. and ferry depot.
Carrie Nation's Assistant Must Pay.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Oct. 5.— The Kansas
Supreme Court affirmed to-day the judg
ment of the District Court of Shawnee
County in the case of the State against
Balfe Stark, one of Carrie Nation s as-
Eistants in joint-smashing. Stark was
fined 126 and costs. The court declares
that aithough the joints are declared by
the statutes to be common nuisances, the
fact does not justify their abatement
without due process of law.
Assassin Bresci's Wife Disappears.
JCEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Mrs. Bresci. wife
of the murderer of King Humbert, has
left Cliffside Park, N. J. She had little to
take away, for the furniture in her board
ing-house did not belong to her. She de
fied the Borough Council two weeks ago
when she was asked to go, and said she
would remain :n the town despite all ef
forts to oust her. It is not known where
the has gone.
Tunnel Endangers the Quirinal.
LONDON*. Oct. 5.— A dispatch from
Rome says the construction of the new
tunnel beneath the Quirinal has so seri
ously weakened the foundation that the
palace is endangered. The walls of the
building have sunk and have been cracked
and what is known as the Emperor's
chamber has been greatly damaged.
SAYS THEY DEFRAUDED
BY MESMERIC MEANS
London Detective .Inspector Gathers
Sensational Evidence Against a
Man and Woman.
LONDON, Oct. 5.— Detective Inspector
Kane, who has charge of the prisoners
giving their names as Theodore and
Laura Horos. who are in custody here on
the charge of conspiring to defraud
women of jewelry and money by fortune
telling, said this evening:
"There is no doubt that Laura Horos is
the former wife of General Diss Debar.
though she is married now to a man
named Jackson, with whom she has been
living for some time in England and on
the Continent. There is no doubt that
they are both mesmerists. They- could
not* otherwise have obtained the influence
they had over their English victims. We
have a mass of evidence, including a
charge of assault against the man and
one of active assistance against the
\u25a0woman. Probably there also will be a
charge of felony forthcoming. The mag
istrate has promised to devote three days
to the case, so voluminous is the evidence.
COBN MARKET -SOAHING"
THE CAUSE OF FAILURE
Large Grain Firm Operating at Miu-
neapolis Forced to Make an
Assignment.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 5.-J. Q.
Adams & Co. of this city, who have con
ducted one of the largest grain receiving
and exporting houses in the Northwest
under the name of the St. Paul and Kan
sas City Grain Company, have made an
assignment to Fred V. Van Dusen and
P. B. Smith. The assignees are not pre
pared to state the amount of the liabili
ties or the value of the assets of the com
pany. The company owns or controls
seventv country elevators. •
The J. Q. Adams Company proper is
capitalized at $250,000 and the St. Paul
and Kansas City Grain Company at
$150,000. The assignment is made in the
name of the St. Paul and Kansas City
Grain Company. The assignees will con
tinue the business. It Is 1 stated the failure
is due to loss accrued last spring in the
May corn corner. The company had a
large amount of corn stored at Duluth,
which was ••hedged" at Chicago. When
the price of corn "soared" at Chicago the
company, being unable to deliver the corn
at Duluth on the Chicago contracts, was
forced to sell it at a lower price than the
option was then selling for in order to
prevent further losses at Chicago, thereby
losing heavily.
LONDON. Oct. 5.-The wedding of Miss
Helen Morton, daughter of Levi P. Mor
ton, former Vitfe President of the United
States, and Count Boson de Perigord, a
son of the Duke of Talleyrand-Perigord,
was celebrated to-day at St. Mary's Cath
olic Church. Chelsea, with considerable
display. The church was lavishly deco
rated with palms and ferns, all the pews
were festooned with white chrysanthe
mums and red roses and the side chapels
were hung with garlands of flowers.
Joseph H. Choate, the United States
Embassador, and Mrs. Choate, and Lord
Pauncefote, the British Embassador to
the United States, and Lady Pauncefote,
were among «he first guests to arrive.
They were conducted to seats facing the
altar. Mr. Choate immediately crossed
the aisle and cordially shook bands with
Lord Pauncefote.
The Duchess of Marlborough was almost
the last to enter the church. She wore
a blue costume trimmed with sable. The
Duchess of Talleyrand-Perigord had on a
magnificent mauve costume. Both the
United States and French embassies were
well represented. The guests were con
ducted to their seats by W. C. Eustis,
third secretary of the United States em
bassy here and brother-in-law of the
bride, and J. R. Carter, second secretary
of the embassy, and others.
The bride, leaning on her father's arm,
arrived at 1 o'clock. She wore a rich
cream satin gown trimmed with lace, had
an orange wreath and carried a bouquet
of white flowers. She was followed by
the bridesmaids, her sisters Alice and
Mary. Count Boson de Perigord, attend
ed by his best man. Count de Crisnoy,
awaited the bride at the altar.
In the absence of the Bishop of Em
roaus the Rev. Father Kelley officiated at
the simple, brief service, which was con
cluded with an exhortation by Father
Kelley. The partv then retired to the
sacristy to sign the register, the organ in
the meanwhile playing the wedding march
from ••Lohengrin."
The register was signed by Mr. Morton,
his wife and daughters, Mr. Choate, M.
L. Geoff ray. the French Charge d'Af
faires; Baron de Selliers and his wife,
Count Louis de Perigord, the Duchess of
TaJleyrand, Mr. and Mrs. Eustis and others.
Among the guests besides those already
mentioned were Lord and Lady Falkland:
Henry White, secretary of the United
State's embassy, and his daughter: Mrs.
Ronalds; Captain R. Clover, the United
States naval attache, and Mrs. Clover; F.
E. Debille. the Danish Minister, Mrs. De
bille ajid Miss Debille: the Duchess of
Manchester, William Waldorf Astor and
Miss Astor, Mr. and Mrs. Post, Mrs. and
Miss Grinnell. Mr. and Mrs. L. Harcourt.
the Misses Choate. the Misses Pauncefote
«.nd the Misses Sandis. Most of the guests
were afterward present at the reception
at Mr. and Mrs. Eustis' house. The pres
ents were numerous and costly.
The newly married couple started for
France on their honeymoon early in the
afternoon.
Ceremony Performed in Lav
ishly Decorated Chelsea
Church.
Daughter of Former Vice
President Morton
a Bride.
AMERICAN GIRL
WEDS DUKE'S SON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.Ii, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
Laird, Shober & Co.'s Shoes.
To-morrow ladies' $4 00 and $5 00 shoes
end Oxfords for 50c a pair at the Boston
Ehoe Company. 1506 Market street, above
Eity Hall avenue. .# - .•
17
THE EMPOBIUM. J THE EMPORIUM. , I mEEMP0B * Xr3g - I THE EMPORIUM.^^ | THE EMPORIUM.' | THE EMPORIUM.
J > S USi^ Watch Papers lor Important Announcement Next Tuesday. - $
| We believe that qualities and prices sell goods, Bnd 'conduct iS^is business ac~ |
| cordingly. We search the market continually for unusual things to holid your attention §
$ and win your trade* Money cheerfully refunded if the purchase is not satisfactory. Our special offerings are new, up- x
jf to-data, desirable goods* Their description in the newspapers is careful and accurate, precisely What the big store $
% promises you get* For people who like to get their money's worth and a little more The Emporium is an attractive shop- S
g' ping place every day in tha week* ' • \u25a0 m - %
$ z : ! _ — ; " ' — — — — ••\u25a0,••-. ; \u25a0 \u25a0 • • \u25a0\u25a0 1 ____ ; ; x
J \u25a0 . .- \u25a0 • \u25a0.:..-., . -. . :;.= ;\u25a0 i \u25a0 -. . : . - ; -. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \ r \ :—\u25a0\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0••-\u25a0.•/-•--\u25a0\u25a0•- \u25a0• • . >\u25a0 '.^~^ *
S Astonishing Shoe Bargains* Half Price Sale of Sheets. The Newest [mportant Ribbon Event. J
1 Men's, S \NomfX m a^ r Misses^ShoBS for Just the r^^^ fe Ifitf fi/bve». |
s iq M i p Tn°^ iss "* r chudrs r' 1 #*•«*«« Goods pfc^p^^ n- im^^i^i^ • l
k V^r- 1 ! L^e School Sho;s, made expre:S y tcr #-,„,. /»u u «.. \u25a0 crier ot Sue !e G oves :er Fall — if© .„ \ . . ... jfjEeJA H 4o M -"5
\ y%* .^ f .» ! Mw: r^J,ci r d Wanted Now, %^"™^« c ™^ >*»<««< ™*><<>.™ $** Y ° u «' f."°<- » • h = «£•*> l ' gMW 3
»„ ICI k:d » the late£t st y lc to '» w ' lted - . i a * it tfhings and new sty es. Kt given be ow that all widths are '«*
»T \ Y~M^£ _ ext;n«on sole* and spring hec'«. A rars bargain Tor Monday only. A s:-.e=ts for -.ingle beds, 54x95 34-C New "Empre s Kid Gloves in \ € O k included in this offering as well *X :5^/lSw> "5
{! b^4T*^?^ S:r f. 8/^ t0 "' rc E uar 'y heavy weight, 52-inch Camel's Hair S'uets tcr three- <jmr:er beds, - 2x90...: 44 3 al co'ors and last black, p:r- r y/\- as a complete line of colorings, /*^^1tfiS§« •*
I % 7k^ S- ,7^*to Ww^ U*7 Material, for rainy-day street sui - S Shc-ts Lr do U be bed,, 8«x 9 o. . . . . . . . .^Sc 'e.t fitting, pair.. .^/.yO \ . .-/jM such as white/ pinks, cr.-«m, /} XMWfil 5
I K \ . r^-VVT ,-p, *,'£* th = «**« ¥«% that hs been "- c..,-, 4 -,, 3 6 .-d,,..., ....... fCo ' }W ™*™ ] > ™™°?*' ™Y k WM |
\ <^^^ "" -" rSi^^t: sold in this city for |, 75 pe.-va-d; ~— ~ «\ rn/i.e,, and' P i que and brown U/ \W \
I X> juA twice % pr- cc 'that |i propose, Soh^Ol Hat &1.SO* J W |
$ K J%$& not be boujht "aaywh«e I«i thin selling it for to morrow. We have & This pretty felt School * ™i&™™. nt *w™ilffl\ No. 9— I^ inches wide, yard / I %
| V V^^^^-^ ""uiV^r"' "load?' Ch " P bUt a limitcd quality— about 506 ' jCW""'"™' 1 with Roman ' Paris Po'nt embroid<r e l : I V ' 80 %^jl \ &
it '^V^/^^ only"" PICC ' ' ° nda>^ §2,97 yards -in several handsome mix- f^SStMsSjf * c iped c " rapeJ satn band h * c \ s ' ln ev ." y i lS' l S > ' e i }J ' No * 1 2— 2 'inches wife, yard., flf^^ \ ,
If C m Men's LecrShoe^ju^s pairs or Box tnr ... th . _ r : al _.: ce .r Mondav W=2SS^ and coorcd 1 uii! » : '? . a>1 ilu ' c > P :r V»'"-$1'50 -. ' ...9o&% T/^O <fi
» "^Jjoe-^ CilfandVidKiishossioVmen.som, tures, the sp.Cial price tor Monday the n: w siad« of navy/ New Fawns, Den % Tr.ou^ Monarch aftd No , r6 _ 23 / • TOl t «
. V of the Vici Kid Shi c are leather lined, som: canvas lined, they are only wi 1 be: ' ciay tan 'and ca<tjr «re Maivel G oves. G;vc us a tr al and you will _, : f n '^*^*^^^^^&^&> 3
|f. a'l made on ate t style lasts and hav: w.-'.tsd ext;n 5 ion $oVs, reguar O»« VomtJ Q7*% \u25a0 \^^% • .' ' • \u25a0' Lc sure to g:t the v.-ry iatest glov.-s. : . XT /' •' * ', ' " '.j ' , £
$ price ia. S0 pair, Mondi/ all s!z:s and widths -- YarNV/O J-. , c.al prcs _ A'l guaranteed, ntt.d and kept in re, air No. 22— 2^ inches Wide, yard . . . /2|> S
*: .......:.... '....., SL9B - SU3t Pattern $3.48 Monday.. $ B.5U f ree ofchar,,e. . ;- * No.. 40—3^ inches wide, yard.. f4 D J
I Sale of Ladies' and Children's Mackintoshes FurnitiBPe^ GaFpeis~-Exti p a Values* 1
| at 4^ 3 and 2 Reguic2t* Prices* .. These are a few sample values of this week's special offerings in the Big :§
i We closed out the entire stock of -one of ihe bev.Mickintosh Carpe^ and Furniture D on the second floor The furni- ' a; " s
fc" — rr-=3i/^ / ni r *. • 4 u -i a -mi i; - ~t *u^ -^i^i-.^^ **A •«m~jT* _ »» turi is .well mide and substant al,- furnitu-e that ypu caa be proud of. The Carpets well-known /Af/SiX
I K^Tf^L Manufacturers m the world. Makers of the celebrated Neptune mak e 5 fr om the b sc kno^n mmu'kctarcrs. w, know that you cannot duplicate th«= «d the H$3m' *
*' W// AX "Waterproof Garment'. The lot was big, the bargains' are bigg?r; many ot^e.- £p :cai prices elsewhere on the coast. . ; MmK 5
** /^xJj-/\ either with cape cr sleeves' like picture. jM^\ ' - 1- - v '•-.'•-'' sssbsSaft '?
V ///-*2k7\/ Lot 1— Children's navy cloth covered Cape Mackintosh, rubber %Sf* }.^^^^^^^^^^_ / . ,. ' ; ' ._ <^^^^M *
k » C S?4&af 9 'lj r\ > Lot 2— Assoried styles of Children's Solid Coloied and P.aid Clo'h- r°\ \ u^tfr ?^'"-- x^-''*l<jift!y ii{ « I It U sffitS n I I I I I ; assjj^^ '^ 'Jt
t» / /UL^ covered Cape Mackintoshes, velvet collar, with p'aid g»r>| Ca J=f L» • BjSBffife?^^^ / ' 'b ' \u25a0 A luff fi^ T^sr-^ tjL,l I II I i^*^OJ $£§. X
| i:n : ngsregul-rlyS4-oo-salepice... '....I )\ - W^jt^W^k W^ ' 7^i ' Jl J IM ' (0 \ N^\ ' JT^P*' M ' '*
J //''{/I'l Lot 3-ChUdren's and- Ms^cs' Cloth covered Yoke Raglan with / f • C ?>K 'J^^^S/lI^|f }* WlilliS ' ' " " " " " " " ~^ SG^ SS^M^ ' ft""^H H
' J' A sleeves, in tan and gray covert, plaid linings and vel- o E?f\ J^ I ° O . f {[ « \ &£^M 'i M$- t «^^H^ felfe^^ rrr ; ' , pr^Sl 5
* / \/f\ vet collar, angular $5.00 value-sale price....... OO OU I • K * Y^H^ft * \u25a0 B ife i 1 11 W ililSSIIfe^ffl W>&&~ %
* 'S'V I \ L ° l 4 - Assortcd lct ° rLldi - s ' All-Woo' Cloth-overed Cape Mackin- / L 9 \X )^^^£^S^fe| W^^^M li%wI't|S^ S^fi %
%' ~~ / I L i A toshes ?nd Raglans, fancy, plain, c'oth and so'id colorrd s'lk linings, /T \ >. - -^^\u25a0^-~^^"~ z^^^^*- &=^£ \U>y PL pffiw^^w-^^ \1 1^) f - ' '5
* / C£ = - J^fc^ ngularly $7.50, and sale price.. . <t>^ft Off / ' 7 l\ H^^^'^-V^^^vi-^^J'JiJf^Lj^J^- ; C^^— '^L— \-
l clothWeVf^ JkV 1
t trials and finest making possible; r C gu;arly $ i z. 00 to $20.00 garment— <r>£ 'XCZ^J^^^ #»^ ee«f-Made of s lected |? O3^ e# .^F nest M*d^ S
J' sale price '.: • • * ** — ash ( hard . wood) with gold:n qus-ity qumer sawed oak; e ed, either in white, blue and black and* tur; ; has fun swell front, *
It ?\u25a0>*-•". \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 j -•\u25a0•-" *-*-' *-'-.• ".-%*-* _ _ — finish, has a double worm wire 1 m it-' high-polishid dts'gn, as in '. g jld combinatijn, either the full or hat box, French p!ate oral . -*
I House Furnishing Gj$^^ |
I - Dop't. SpBciBjs. \^^MMXm^§^^lll^^mlglB^^ $13.65 I
g ThreS Bargains for Monday Only* p ca rlhc— Py!e & Sons'; the ioci-lb. packages; Monday, .\u25a0 V- V . w j
g a ceffee Miii-Par«Ts bet r guiar box 3 (x . : .:.;.:. ..\ .../............. :... 25c , Several hundred rolls 0! new Carpets received last weeK; the very latest pat- S
i ¥*~ =^ rl'icSiS^ Sg^-fr^ \ oiivc 0.1-Dr. Dorhmarn's P ure California olive oi-, the, tcrns and colorclfccts-are marked for quick ssllhig at prices liKc these: I
*" £^^$hs>^ ul.rly 7-c- s?ec:a', Monday - rt best that money can buy; made irom the hrst* pressing ot • ,\ - ; '..;•.; * * J
$ only ...!.'.... &3C the olives. "...,". • Ingrain Carpets— Extra:, super quality, full standard, excel- Lirie Carpet .Rugs— Mads of Tapestry and Body Brus- %
! *i <^Bg^g^l Ga * two- #5^ Quarts— r.-gu'a ly 85c; to-day 75c I ? nt . P*« trn .» f nd colorings wcr:h 60c per - scls, ."Size. 1 2-fcet by 8 feet 3 inches, worth S20 to $30; 5
i LOT L bJner gi3 8t ° Ve ' if^^D Pints-rcgularlv 5 cc; to-d,y... ......40d S P^ \u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0•-'-••"\u25a0-, C to clos: out at. . $14*25, $16 and $18 ||
* J*^M^^ T "-"! '"hS- X&k2x Ghirrrdclir, Chocolate -Gromd, 1 -lb tins; reguariy 30c, Tapcstry^Brussels-A ; good .ins or patterns, copies of. Governmtnt Mattin*— 3 feet wide, mads as heavy as a 5
V <^ S^^X^^ aum-noid nri,-i| l*^pgf\ Mondav 2 2C Bod y Bruss: s and \ .-v.t; alsD in hill and stair effect; ; board and guaranteed to wear for years ; can bs had in "2
$ h:avy meta', bras - Q • £ .. h B kfiu . gg cr ]b 35 g ood .wearing lasting .carpe:; worth 70c ~g+ red, blue and gre:n; .worth- 40c per yard— 0%**^ \
\ kvsrfiucetjbuiiirri hav, inn rand outer ring lea—^ho ce tng.isn Dr.akias., n.w crjp, jd J3C per yard; spena' this wesk. ., &&V special this week 29C £
t of flame and ar C fitted witS patent remm* cap so # __ Ton«tOCS— Good Standard quality; 3 tins.....;. 24C _.,,- -„-.-./- -, ~ c j x. ', L ' '** ****** §
K burner can bee eane i 5 r.-gular price fi 90; special Manda-/^f«^# Duffy's Malt Whiskey—^ 0 ' medicind pur- ™ lKo1 ,- Yelv «. Carpels— O. a good, heavy pile; beautiful Linoleum— Made of good quality cork and linseed oil, well Jf
* rjM&Z^dfe&ZZ* Alch , 01 Stove -'J° in ; poses; regularly 85c psr botrle- special Monday onlv... P^terns; >n red, blues and golden designs; qW " seasoned and effective designs, worth 85c per g%g% J
j; p^^^^^^^^ : r o e^r y o ;rn n P :rt t d n Ai- ...........: ...75* ™^%^-**< y^->^^^ we.k. . . &&q s^, y^-s ?^i *&* we*, oni y . . . . . . GGc 1
£ p^j^T ct ' c "-^''V i '^^p co },ol Stovts we will Pori QTlh Sh rry Wine — Go d quality; Monday only, »'*•'' -r-i. - : — : ~ ' — • .t
% #' u.^ «j Moida/ only Vn-at i: bottle 20o • Bo y s \Jpree^plBoe Framed ' Pictures Leather Goods %
l on C th a twr,not g etouto,or^:^v4T f r: Sped*! MOIiHay. ThrOO Biff V*lUBS. |
J- tpecial Monday '^G sp c al sale Monday on y ............... v .^/.gg &$- : nW^ r.^T^S 5
i The Best of A New Stock of New and Famous . fi^: W&£^M?&Z i^A^^^^M^^^^ W^f^W^^^IT) ' *
| c-ie/.,.. wool Yarns. SS^llliiKIl^I^^^S^^BSiii
J Bonbon Dishes-Genuine cut fif o|) fa tura. are notifying us at frequent inteivai "Thi Crhii" - b, Winston, - ( A J' U ' T^ I ?n 5nch ». u " P«« « SSfflLf 1 * *
5 g'ass.n^w cuttings.... &1.9O ot aavanccs ia pr cc . . Charchil „....:...:.. $1.50-980 1'^/! f\ doube breasted. The spedJ Mon ay only ; ' S#-S3 jobber s stock, Monday only OO-»" *
K Mustard Pot, - Genuine cut „ nfm We are in r=cci F t of th, ceebr.tei Co.^fM - "^"""^ scJf-by au;hor of . ,. \f^ h^ TJlLv^L^ ' ' ~^-^—-——.~ I ,' A'lVv * r^K^ V S
5 pr^erves, cand.e, or ,ma'l caket, (9 ircSe.), yarn. Irconta n, many iJ.utrat on,, pu^ . Eternal Ci y"--by H .11 1/ Vj / ; f «n: cokrngs ii POKant annOVnCCmCIlt DCXt leather, leather lined; a | I 5
g ont of the latat cuttings $4BJ l«h,r , r r;ce 15c; our price at wool „ •.....;..." i ; co' 9 8: \u25a0 H 0 " ' P^'ds,, stripes and Tll^rii^ / " 1 sightly book that will Wi-JUadf §
}C Flower Vise-Beaufful cur, 8 inchcihgh... counter n.s week, ech. #^^ "The Heritage 'of Un-est^-by . ; ' .. 1: ;•; ckcii; M5.00 ' ™)f, . , give good wear 2Rn I S
tf $2.25 Flesher's Kniumg Yarn — Gw nloi«e Ovcron. ......;. 1.50 98c W -t : vjlues for : Monday #l/ffifAr* Set ' &9 35 j^~™^^^5 X
*I Oil and Vinegar B 3 tfe— Fin; cut gbs First q U1 hy, 25c hank; ib .$t O? ' Tru h Dex er"— Sydney Me- jf /JL on^y, . : ..-\u25a0 *" .** . '*'.**" ,.*f* >>> Q- 11^'^ 5
I J. ; • ..$2*15 Se.ni quiity, 20c hank; Ib... 8jC Ca 1 1.50 98c -* 3^b> &&af% ' \u25a0': • !^ S **^*V -^ . J»
i*t Wate- Eo'Ve-Extra fins cut g'.s 5 , 3 stvlrs, Utopii S a »ed Shetland F.oss, new; skci... .. "To Have and to Hold"-by . V >QP&M&*& /^4&?»^3s. /SH§Ife^ "^ "J
I* e a C h $3.5J ...I.IOC Maryjjh-ston. I . I.50 9 Sc , . ; ' • \u25a0' ' • ___ ; . , ' \\ . . J^4S^T^^^\ fif ', T " W T^ 1 L * dies ' S h °PP I «»« $
1ft ' * Columb : a an i Utopia Shst'and F oss, a'l colors: "Gentleman From Indnna *. — by \u25a0 .' . - &% ' jr "• * ' • *r/j*,^L<^d«*S— .^ \nf 1 \ I'H " " "* " ~ -"fr-i \u25a0 1 Purse Genuine Jf
jt' __ _ skein tic Booth Tarkington 1.50 98: 9 £Qi° /&** YT^ *T~^~mA »t4444Xl-O at »S««, leather 5
*f NSW tUI*S Cou-nbia Sax-n-, 2, 3^ and 4 ply; skein. #Jc "Hugh WynneV 1 by Weir ; . Pr^" l^ r " 1 ' ' ' f r rt I, A '^"^TTn '^ < M M 1 ifP lined; has inside coin j»
5> e> s^i 'r FJeisher's fir t quvity iipanith, skein 1.C M tche 1. .......... .. # '1.50 98c . " !' Qfilf A N^^k • rdUrf'u^ 'tr~JL.il»J& '^dcPi pocket 2So J*
Jj. NOW Realty, I«W.J, genuine mp.rted- "J ,hn Chari.y"-b y H A. ' •.":;•'\u25a0"•\u25a0 «^«^®» . ' T^S^^S^S-jE^y " J»
V ... , . Ha'f-.uncc ba s. fie i-tun e bi'Is./gJjC Vache'l '...1.50 98; Aro'her lot of good grade Comforters, clean WY^nffiH'^ F/'^^-^g)^ / *»
Jf We have now O1 display and sale Casor Wool.imponed; forslpp-rs; 3 for. 5** O "Tristram (f Bl.nf-by An- \u25a0 whhe rl lirg. h.,nl tute J ; slight mis rlnts, NcW5St Fall StvlcS 5
j£ an assortment of Fur Grmens that F eisher's G^rmintown, test mide; ske-n thcnyH p: .....;.....'.;. 1.50 93c etc., in covcr'ng;. instead of I1.50, the >e|t. \ ' * -Cj. L^^ . . X
V cannot be cqua'ed on the coast for stvl: : 12 l /?C "Told by Two '— Mare St. Fe- \u25a0 . u'ar ,.««, •« will sell them &4J Bg* . ffUBf*M S fflZ&t&m *«
$ and i&g the pries « which «h cy Sg Z ;fh) ,,, M », i; h, ,^n.,.5 O |»gg|$ | | M,» „.„, . w .... ; .^ p^i|^^ |
jf a*C rna.ked. * —^^ ff+.m^ **Smm^ Book now.. .... 15c . F ZS Kf* T nZ*i nr>*Z • flower and gold lines on haniles, a rousing p'ete line cf w'a- | /S? >. " JS
«f Note the fo! ow ng foo^ values: L.&GC &P USTtaSIl >S 0 "Uncle Tom's Labin" — me- . *^ ** a ° **** * ° 7"S f - goo t va!ue at $13.25, on Q _ fer styles in the . A" «
» Chi.ia Seal toilarttte with leng cur! back O 0B *4'S #»f^Q m.ria edon-now........ 39: A^BSfiths Etti ipe.ial sale Monday only .... famouiTjhnB. /t|J f= I j»
g Aitrachtn yoke, Wjh collar, .adi lining, . "^ ; / "P"V S U c'« lk>." - i lustrat d .-^^ A "w n neof" ' ~ — — .'.Stetsoi Co.'.,^^L »
g !r. P l IO "/. a . U^^';.V..V.:.:^^.^5 sopa5rlLlce "c ir .in. > imutlm A.a Jans, fu" llu'trai7j:pVe 5 cCosti'rr'c S ; i. S o ?oc 9 \ M^xor, TOllet Preparation 3 \u25a0 hltHn "the fie^ S
tf Tatx Seal Collarette with bsrj'er of R s= : an width aid !eigth, both ecru . _^, _, ~ — :. • i^^^^M «r CV i"'" 3 "t/'' a / J 53^ i?'2/P>*»*«i l&J*iff* tKS ible se'.f co.Torm- / "^
!*' B= a r,hph s-crmcollar, satin _,___ co or an i wh:t , ; r pair . . . S S?- OO " ©7* > lf»^l W o o 1 e n H o o d ? , . OT STJQES. ing stylc a ni th= A §1
I s ipc | X «
OpO?SUm Plir §<&,OQ Maleo a- W)O . s e v« V t h s f am-! you buy them a: to-morrow's special "^ 8rt g% j§^ 3
tf Coil--rette, vMyZS&Xa to pairs of Porrnes the new stvle with inser- B ue Cheviot; /$$$$ '0J$£3p$&r^\\ < J cpartment, tn s.-cond price;. . rouns, p.a . •*•
&* vokeand'vn. tion borien, p-r par ci) CO "f '" 'If '@«T °'' ° ' Y *" California Lemon Crf am- Nvure's toiht s Oa? most storo tt ;$ 5 .oo iach, -, _ no X
* J!rol"of Jr]m <#O'OU with b'u S or. 5=X e n o rm o us" me or . and tr a m, the 25 c S « : , soecial _ . . cur p.Le $4,00 \
£ BaH- s'a • a ®L2^ a 4 Rope Portier •, 6 feet \u25a0 wide, *' rd; hand- f^^^L " \u25a0 : • ' • Lad!cs .N ov e 1 ty for Monriav . ... . . f ... : .-.,, T / T - ;-f^C " .\u25a0••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 J
f cecld-Jlvnew 8 feet Ion;, each ....'. $O*0@ \u25a0 trim- R%JpA- \ Ap " r -'- Tefow's P.r'rumsd TaFcu-n Powder-Ai good " ~I I S
combin/tlon. .^^^Fl^ looo yardi Dxi.-n.t e Cret nnes, 36 . inch.s "•;*?,£ lbW4fk all co'ors . .7 5g „ any; I3 c package, .p.-c!., tor Mon- Sh85t RflUSlC* *
K e/L -7* MW&tWm^ wi'e, inaUrje a^ortment of 1.- ,1 _ rw * \u25a0.«•?* (<\ A tfli Wcolrn Sa.que, n:w sh.p.-s;. 75c day ......... ; OC . __ . «
S »:r^»Ii» Pitow Shams Y/7 \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0- .: fleepte WaefcWc |
I apf!v b o"e- a iWonday Special* £J%To Wy n c Td^saXno"S^^ $1*09 Lenses 35c* \u25a0 ff^^ff^ dayth ' 8 . * ce^ h: f S
S» e b h^ k A? " l^^Sr Muslin Shaim-Hem-ned, »t,mprd. in fl ;ra! >; a " ° : a & * (]/ Cover-you-ail-u? G ng ,am A, f on« . . . . . 5£>O An extraordinary /offer" >cr Mo^ay only in \u25a0 \ £$&&&& PwTgrca'on^'Th; 5
fc* heads a'nd 4 P& W and conventional designs, at the W.t price . %"» *£ . U Our extra wide spe^^ Cam ric, Drawers .. ourhravilv , ocktd znd p:r . C£ . 1} . y / d |f^gj HoTeysucS «d th^
neais ana * j w ..-..\t- ever ofter.-d; special price Monday, _ . * + .° va ue> "5" Kb J ' .............'. 5JO Ca r>era D par.m.n'. ' . - & tig* $3 R-e " and a so "Th- «
l ISn in picture. , W »*" • •• 2^O %£[ * %|f . F.n : aU Camhnc Gowns, neat emtr.iicry. We o^r" t ,e folo-^ng Su^ar, O,tKa, \l^M 5
X r 4 inch S1O SO '+**** w ' • .. •; *f«t/U Co.'s Suppemtntiry Lense. for all 415 an! Ec= " Schotthche, at <5
s .6.i nC h:;;;;;.^//;ffa piush squares 76c. viie -'Ey HAAli iliS s^^n^^a^^ !^^^ 11 - i;
?» l8-inch fp 1 2a5O We were on y sb'e to buy 200 cf the e hand- E&U HBffi|S j^a^ R» Hffif^H B^T^wffl MBnM^ IB| BBi ' m' S^B^^Mt ' Te'ephoto Lers. * j^ggsHSB**? 3^^^ - ccpy JB %Jf Sf .V
t; Extl'a Special ill Fur Neck- rMUt ift,| patcrns, suitabe for .cusu'on'tup^ ' ffl BlHiH^ ""\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0Wn^il-'-' 1 " \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0^'^^^5 a^^ffl Extreme Wd: Angle Lens. PuStage IC COpy t'Xtra.
K \ ' 'Wear. <\u25a0*>*» backs and stats— they a. e mill ends, @B HW^L. - « «**». Portra : t Lsrs. SchirlTlBr'ti library Of MlM-
| Fur Boas in the latest Fox effects in ~ '^J^ JUS^S F " '""' " ffi^ItfS^Hl tt Bile &SkXSk^.n M ' fK '^ "," / s/co » C/ass/os-Wecury co^iete $
I allcolors.from..... .52.50 «J|^r.T^^M^£o CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-. AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE o^^S*a^^^[ ISYMPHONY SOCIETY WILL
SOON BE REALITY AND
ENLIVEN MUSICAL SEASON
BY GUISARD.
FLOODTIME OF NEW PLAY
DELIGHTS THEATER-GOERS
IN THE EAST THESE DAYS
NEW LEADER OF THE "ROYAL ITALIAN MARINE BAND " THE MU
; SICAL SENSATION OF THE EAST THIS SEASON, BILLED TO AR
" RIVE HERE THIS COMING WEEK.
WELL-KXOWX AND TALENTED ACTOR WHO IS ADDING TO HIS
FAME IN THE CHARACTER OF HAMLET, NOW BEING PRODUCED
AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
<The pages of the Wasp ar© poorer thesfll
days by the lively vitriolism of R A.
Lucchesi, who has departed the. Journal
istic life to devote himself wholly to
music. As a kind of introduction to tha
new regime Mr. Lucchesi gives a muslcalo
on Friday afternoon next at Sherman &
K la ?T, Hal T*. lr L wh «ch.he is to b© assisted
by Miss Lia Polletlni, Mme. Emilia TojeU
tl. Miss Inez Carusi and the followlns
gentlemen: Harry Samuels. A. Rod—
mann, A. Weiss. H. Slering, Fr. Hess Fr
Forde, W. Welgel, R. Laraja, W. G. Cal
linaux. C. W. Fuhrer. H. Susman W.
Wertsch and P. Demetrlo.
A small but enthusiastic tribe of bard
lovers will well remember th© good little
"Royal Italian Marine Band" that played
to such pitifully scant houses last year at
the California Theater and came to grief
at the end of Its season there. Not least
among Its attractions will they remember
the handsome and accomplished solo
trombone player, Creatore. whose musi
cianly work created so much attention.
This year Signor Creatore is leader of the
band in place of Minoliti, the competent
but melancholy person who last year led
Ellery Channlng's organization into fa
vor. It may also be remembered that thg
band split into two sections here, a Mino
liti and a Creatore faction, and that one
went north and the other south, or, to bo
more exact, the Minolltis went to an ar
tistic extinction somewhere Seattle
ward, and the Creatores walked into
glory In Philadelphia. Creatore has been,
quite the reigning band sensation of tho
East this season. He has been freely
compared with Sousa, and quite frequent
ly to th© disadvantage of the last named
and has achieved an altogether enviabla
reputation in his line. This la all apropos
to the fact that Mr. Channlng'3 band,
will be here this coming week to begin aa
engagement at the Alhambra,
formance. It is a fine effort, th» clumsy
passion, punchinello braggadocio and ma
licious mischief of tho character being
given with the aptest art, and the sing
er's rendering of the famous "Prologue"
fit course delights. And the admirable
usefulness of Birbareschi, who assumed
successfully the role of Nedda on Thurs
day night on shortest notice, should not
pass without note. This week both Sa
lassa and Barbareschl will again delight
us in "Nsbucco," that In response to a
large demand will be repeated, and this
rare opportunity of hearing Verdi's first
opera should by no means b© neglected
by any student of operatic literature.
President Roosevelt 'is reported to have said recently /^hat one of his :.- regrets is that he has
never visited the Pacific Coast, so perhaps an invitation to come along about next summer would
* - . ' „'\u25a0\u25a0-:\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0. . • ".1 • - - . . \u25a0 -^ . •
; We have not heard much of late about the Charleston exposition, but the "recent an
nouncement that twenty-one acres have been set aside for midway attractions is calculated to ex
cite interest. . -\u25a0...- \u25a0 " \u25a0 . "
There is Skirmishing all over the Transvaal, and now and then a battle/but if all reports be
true the heaviest fighting of the war is going on between Kitchener's headquarters'and the Salis
bury Ministry. _ .. " '
It is now stated that the reason Prince .Chun and his suite started for China so promptly
was not because of orders from the Chinese Government, but because Germany insisted on it The
Kaiser did not wish Chun to make a tour of European capitals and convert that "apology to Ger
many" into a frolic. _ .. fc5 -
A New York man who found a burglar in his house held him up at the point of a revolver
searched him and found in his pocket $10, which he took, as he said, to pay for some crockery the
burglar had broken. He then let the fellow go, and now the burglar is wondering whether he
can have the households arrested for robbery. .
TJ2&TT^OTZ,2s/L DIVORCE X-.-A/WS.
The Bar Association aims to bring about the adoption of laws in conformity with its rec
ommendations by the Legislatures of the various States, and efforts to that .end have already been
made in many quarters. It will be seen that the recommendations of the bar do not affect the
phases of the issue with which the church deals. It is with the bar merely a question of bringing
order out of confusion, and the plan proposed leaves each State to- decide for itself what shall con
stituted valid ground for a dissolution of the marriage bond within' its jurisdiction.
FOR a long time past the increasing frequency of divorces among the people of this
country, and the variety and laxity of the laws on the subject in different States, have been
topics of earnest disctfssion on the part of lawyers, moralists' and sociologists. The churches
have been compelled to interpose, and in some cases have refused to recognize certain
legal divorces, to the extent at least that their clergy have been forbidden to officiate at marriages
between parties one or the other of which has been legally divorced, but upon grounds the church
refuses to recognize as sufficients
To the bar the problem has been as serious as to the church. There is now such a confusion
in our marriage laws that it is difficult for the ablest lawyer to determine in some cases whether a
man has been legally divorced or not, or to what extent a divorce granted in one State is recog
nized as valid by the courts of another. A church can make legulations for itself on such subjects
that will be binding upon its clergy and its membership, but the bar has no such advantage. For
that reason there has been an earnest effort on the part of many of the eminent members of the bar
to bring abput the enactment of something like a uniform divorce law throughout the nation
The aim of the bar differs from that of any of the churches, inasmuch as.it does not concern itself
with what grounds may be made, a sufficient basis for divorce so long as the statutes of. the vari
ous States agree.
For'the purpose of ridding our laws of this confusion the American Bar Association at its
recent meeting at Denver recommended that no divorce be granted in any State unless the
grounds for the suit were valid in the State where the parties had lived : and where the cause arose.
Where the suit is brought in the State where the cause arose the person seeking a divorce must have
had an actual residence of one year; where the cause arose in a State other than that in which the
suit is brought, the applicant must have had a residence of two years in the State where he seeks
relief. It was further recommended that no person be entitled to a divorce 'unless the . defendant
shall have been served personally with a process, except that when the defendant cannot be found
after a diligent search of six months, it shall be lawful to the court to' authorize publication of the
suit and grant a decree. . •
The new drama by Sir Henry Irving's
son Lawrence, "Richard Lovelace," E. H.
Sothern's offering at the Garden Theater,
is another rather mixed metropolitan suc
cess. The story winds about th© courtly
poet's life as it is known with consider
able truth to history, but, with the excep
tion of the third act (where Lovelace,
mortally wounded, eees again his former
sweetheart. Lucy Sacheverell. now mar
ried to his treacherous friend Hawley),
that Is unanimously described as strong,
moving and sympathetic, th© play is not
regarded as a distinguished example of
dramatic craftsmanship. Mr. Sothern has
won much personal favor aa Lovelace,
and Cecilia Loftus, whose appearance in
John Drew's new play at the Empire,
In which he has a part that is said to fit
him like a glove, is "The Second in Com
mand." a four-act comedy by Captain
Marshall, whose "A Royal Family" has
of late so delighted th© play-goers here.
Mr. Drew's role Is that of a major in th©
English army, who Is always late for the
good things of life, late in love, lat© In
war. everywhere too late. The comedy is
said to have all the brilliance and clarity
of construction that commonly distin
guishes Captain Marshall's work.
A play that Is bound to meet with a con
tinuance of the distinguished favor that
greeted its first appearance at the New
York Theater Republic on the 23rd ult. is
Ian Maclaren's "The Bonnie Brier Bush,"
done into drama by James McArthur and
Augustus Thomas. I wish I might quote
in full William 'Winter's appreciation of
"dear old Stoddart" in the part of Lach
lan Campbell, In which tho veteran actor
has mad© his reappearance on the stage
\u25a0with 6uch distinguished success. Here Is
a bit of It, however; the critic Is speaking
of that touching Incident of Campbell's
erasure of hia daughter's name from th©
family Bible,
In Mr. Etoddart'B acting, on the other hand,
the effect Is bo afflicting and lamentable that
it seems above all art and scarcely can be
borne. ICothlng eo elmply touching, so rev
erend, eo awful in Its tremendous purpose of
Justice, and bo deplorable in its weakness of
human griet has been seen on our stage. In
the element of simplicity— In the something that
comes straight from the heart and goes straight
to the hearts of others— this impersonation tran
ecends anything of its class that the present
<Jay has known. • • •
It did not seem to be acting:— It had all the
truth of reality. The audience was greatly
moved. The performance Is one that every
body should see. It adorns the theater. It
vindicates the uses of the drama. It is an
honor to human nature, and it will prove a
great publio beneflt^—comlng, as It does. In a
time when each blessings as a pure play and
a great actor are grievously needed.
The opening cf the Manhattan Theater
in New York by Mrs. Fiske is regarded
by the devout play-goer there as one of
the most eignificant happenings of the
year. The theater has been beautifully
decorated, a consistent, elevated and pro
gressive policy for its management an
nounced, and the new era inaugurated
Eome two weeks ago by the production of
Anne Flexner I^ewis' play, "Miranda of
the Balcony." So far a? good acting can
gro, Mrs. Fiske's first offering was finely
•successful, but the consensus of opinion
regarding th«» play itself is less favorable.
It is granted that "Miranda of the Bal
cony" possesses all the novelty of out
look and atmosphere that was promised;
that it offers oven a great personal oppor
tunity to Mrs. Fiske. but lack of action Is
alleged and a preponderance of the psych
ological rather than the dramatic flavor.
NOW is the flood time and high sea
son of the new play in the East;
these the days of the tasting of
the new drama, and perhaps a
glance at the dramatic menu that
rr.ay be ours next year if we are good,
may not prove uninteresting.
tb £ grreatest P rais e that can be ac
corded Mr. Haworth's Impersonation Is to say
that it was a constant and vivid reminder o
the Hamlet of Edwin Booth. It was a vor\
human Hamlet, but It did not .fall In poetlV
atmosphere. Then great soliloquies were rea
with marked Intelligence, and the strong (emu'
tation to over emphasize was well resisted
In appearance • Mr. Ha-worth's Hamlet con'
pletely satisfied the most exacting admirer of
the role. It Is picturesque and virile in con
ceptlon and execution, and Mr. Haworth and
his friends may well be pleased with the sue
cess of the creation.
Here is what the Boston Traveler had
to say of Joseph Haworth's Haxnle*
that will be the farewell bill of the St»d
actor's engagement this week at the
Grand Oi>era-house:
lsThL H H m f^ int^ r 8ays " Jai "es Hackett
is the best Don Caesar since Salvini," but
as has been pointed out, there have been
no Caesars since Salvini's, wherefore Mr
Winters saVing says nothing. Both actor*
are accused of lacking the superbly p£
"^nT « qU " Ut r ° f the Lati/hero, the
grand air," the full-blooded grasp or.
X™l£ c ,t reless> dashIn &. splendid stride
through their romantic day. but Hack
ett s impersonation is conceded to pos
sess the true note in higher degree.
Faversham has with him -the clevei
Jessie Busley, the beautiful Julie OrS and
cur own Edwin Stevens. Mr. Hacker-
Robert? f n °t, t , her faVOrlte here - Theo?o£
Koberts, in his company.
James K. Hackett and William Faver
sham are both competing for favor a
the swash-buckling Don Caesars, Hackett
at Wallack's in Victor Mapes' edition of
the story, "Don Caesar's Return"; Faver
sham at the Criterion in Gerald du Mau
rier s A Royal Rival." The new dramati
zations, or rather adaptations, of the old
Play are not much discussed, the balance
of favor perhaps being with Du Maurier's
that keeps more closely to the old ver
sion.
the 'legitimate" was an event second
only In interest to Mr. Sothern's appear
ance In a new play, seems to have cre
ated a markedly favorable impression as
Lucy Sacheverell. Hillary Bell says of
her performances that "Cecilia Loftus has
leaped the river that separates vaudeville
from the drama, but her skirts are wet."
Other critics express it that Miss Loftus'
work in the emotionals needs toning
down, a tendency to hysteria being evi
dent.
There has been a happy indication that
the audiences of this year at the Tivoli
have been going to hear operas, and not
particular singers. Salassa and Collama
rinl are the - exceptions, however, and
Salasea's Tonic* this week in "I Pagllacci"
.has been the chief attraction of the per-
The assets of the society so far are the
faithful and competent board of directors,
composed of Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, presi
dent; Dr. Edward R. Taylor, vice presi
dent; Mrs. James N. Odell, Mrs. J. M.
Goewey, Mr. P. N. Lilienthal and Mr.
Robert Tolmie, directors; Paul Steindortf,
conductor; something like $1800 in the
bank, and the list of former symphony
society members. Library there is none,
on the other side, without the mortgaged
Scheel library that is fn the directors'
possession shall, as it legally may, be con
sidered as the property of the society;
there is the public indifference to fight,
scattered enthusiasm to organize, the mu
sicians to inspire and all the thousand
And one other duties incident to initial
organization to be undertaken. But Mr.
Steindorff has said, "It shall be done":
the directors say, "It shall be done," and
I think this time the symphony society
may be looked upon as an assured fact.
Nothing is to bo undertaken in the matter
of concerts until after the Grau grand
opera season in November, when three
trial concerts will be given by Mr. Stein
dorff. Meanwhile those interested are ad
monished to busy themselves in this the
most significant musical movement of the
year.
"With the coming of the Tivoli grand
opera season, however, with its introduc
tion of Mr. Paul Steindorff as a conduc
tor of importance, the directors of the
Symphony Society who have still held to
gether in a forlorn hope again took heart.
They watched Mr. Steindorff's work week
t\j- week with increasing respect. They
'V<Jk the measure of the man, noted his
courage, energy, enthusiasm, artistic at
tainment, unlimited capacity for work, a
gift in handling men, and to their own
surprise found themselves considering
anew the possibility of a symphony so
ciety for San Francisco. Last week they
finally decided that Mr. Steindorff wa3
the man for the hour, met officially and
took the decisive step of electing him con
ductor of the society that is to be.
It affords me the utmost pleasure, O
most polite and perturbed sir, to make the
following very sufficient explanation of
the symphonic silence that has pervaded
these pages; but prepare yourself before
hand for the shock of good news. There
is no grumble coming this year on the
subject of a symphony orchestra for San
Francisco, for and because before San
Francisco is two months older she will
have a symphony society for "which I
think I may venture to prophesy perma
nency, artistic standing and financial sol
vency. This is a large saying, I am
aware, particularly as it is based almost
entirely on the personality of the man
that has been chosen as director of the
orchestra, and in face of the warring
factions into which former societies have
split, and the generally lymphatic and
intermittent interest that has been taken
in the subject for some time now.
But, after all, in a matter of this kind,
it is the personality of the director that
counts; witness the highly successful
symphony seasons here under the mag
netic leadership of Fritz Scheel for ex
ample. Since that day the society has
seen only troublous times, with occasional
gleams of success. Its leaders have be
come the most pessimistic of persons and
the public has lost both confidence and in
terest in the matter.
WHERE, O where, is the custom
ary and necessary grumble on
symphony matters that usually
adorns your, pages at this sea
son?" questions one subscriber
this week among several who concern
themselves with the same subject, and who
owns to something like dismay at having
seen the beginning of the season go by
without anywhere a word of protest as
to this most crying musical need of the
town.
Mr. Bryan may think there is another campaign in, pounding thrashed straw over these old
grants, but* he will be retired to the moldy and mummified company of those Republican politicians
who still think there are votes in the rebel claims issue. We have the roads and they have the
rocky and desert grants, and we only wish there were more lands of that kind to grant railroad
companies which would take them and build more roads.
It is true that the United States also loaned to the Union and Central Pacific roads bonds,
from which they derived $18,000,000 each, to spend on construction, but it also true that these
roads have paid back to the United States every dollar of this loan and every mill of its interest,
and for its loan that yielded the roads only $36,000,000 the United States has pocketed more
than $120,000,000. . ". .
We, who live on this coast and enjoy the railway facilities for travel and transportation
afforded by the overland land grant roads, do not take patiently the criticism of the land grant
policy made by demagogues born on the Illinois Central grant and domesticated in Nebraska' or
elsewhere. The grants that made their country great are treated as politically and economically
proper, while everything done in the same line for the far West is denounced as "a steal," and the
Republican party, which took over and applied a Democratic. policy for our benefit, is character
ized as a thief, robbing the people of their heritage.
MR. BRYAN, who is publishing columns of advice to President Roosevelt on how to run
the government,, has found time to rediscover a grievance and dress it up as a fresh ad
dition to his museum of issues.
He finds that between the Missouri River and the Pacific Ocean the Republican
party granted 135,800,000 acres of public lands, to secure the building of railroads. To his mind
this transgression warrants standing the Republican party up ngainst a dead wall and shooting it
through with oratory supplied by himself, Cyclone Davis, and other Populist cartridge makers.
He finds it entirely convenient to forget, and maybe he doesn't know, that the system of
building railroads in advance of population and business, to open up new country by furnishing
transportation, was devised by the Democratic party. It was a wise policy then, and was wiser
when it enabled the building of railroads over the bare and unpeopled stretch of mountain and
desert to reach this coast. Mr. Bryan was born in Illinois. Thi-t State was the first to benefit by a
railroad land grant. When she was bankrupt, and trying to repudiate her public debt, when her
people were few and immigration meager, for there were not facilities to carry- people \here and
their surplus products to a profitable market, Stephen A. Douglas saved Illinois from the dishonor
of repudiation by securing a vast grant of public land to builcf the Illinois Central Railroad. It
was the best of agricultural land, capable of enormous production, but it was unpeopled. The
road brought settlers, took their crops to market, and survived to a paying period on the credit
which the land grant gave it. Admonished by, this experience, land grants in the State of Iowa,
again rich agricultural territory, were given during the administration of President Pierce, when
Marcy was Secretary of State, Linn Boyd of Kentucky Speaker of the House, and Davy Atchison of
Missouri President of the Senate. These grants created the credit which built across Iowa the Mis
sissippi and Missouri, now the C. R. I. and P., the Chicago, Iowa and Nebraska, now the C. and
N. W., and the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy railroads, and the Iowa branch of the Illinois Cen
tral, from Dubuque to Sioux. City. Both parties in i860 demanded, government aid to a Pacific
railway, and the grants to the overland roads, which made the shivers run down Bryan's back, fol
lowed in answer to that demand. He speaks of these grants as "monstrous,"' and of the lands
as the heritage of the people for their homes. Not one grant to a Pacific railroad approached in
value that of the Illinois Central. Mr. Bryan knows better, for he has traveled over the Southern
Pacific on a pass, but he fosters the idea that these mountain and desert grants were like the rich
prairie land in the Illindts and Iowa grants, which were made under Democratic administrations.
The fact is the exact contrary. The overland grants look enormous on paper, but in their whole
vast expanse there is rarely a section that equals in production a single forty-acre in Iowa or Illi
nois.. They were land, it is true. They had some, but a low, economic value. They looked well as" a
basis of credit, and helped to build roads which were a military necessity to the government, ?nd
finally enabled such settlement as the country was capable of supporting, and by furnishing trans
portation built up the mining, livestock, and coal business of the West and created the Spates of
Wyoming, Colorado, Nevada.. Idaho, Montana and the Dakotas. Without the roads which those
grants helped to build there would not now be a State in the Union between California and Ne
braska. .
PUBLIC L-AilSrD GiR^IISPrS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 19O1.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, ' Manager
SUNDAY ....... OCTOBER 6, 1901
Publication Office _ <^t§§§|^> ...... ...'. .....:... Market and Third, S. F.
BY BLANCHE PARTENTGTON.
18
It Is said that certain people cannot sine th«,
song, but anybody can go away back East arH
Bit down In the comfortable trains of the Nlcke'
Plate Road. These trains carry Nickel Pi a u
Dining: Cars In which are served American CluJ
Meals at from 860 to U.00 each. Call or wrltt
for free book Bhowin* views of Buffalo Pan-
American Exposition, Jay W. Adams, P. c,
P. A^ 87 Crocker iildff.. Baa Francisco CaL
"Go, Away BRck and Sit Down."
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend \u25a0
\u25a0 m » . ,
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
\u25a0 \u25a0> \u25a0 ,
CaL glace fruit 60c per 1b at Townsend's. •
Selling out. Eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c
Look out for 81 4th, ft barber & grocer.^
Townsend's California glace 'fruits 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and publio men hv fh«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'S?B10 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main l<Mi .
The coffee trees require about four vear.5
to reach maturity and produce profitable
crops. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BREAKS UP
WRETCHED
It is not for us to alarm you about youi 1
Cold; you are wretched enough as it is.
Our province is to supply the cure, and
we do so with confidence. Dr. Hum-
phreys* "Seventy-seven" breaks, up a
Cold by acting directly on the affected
parts; restores th© checked circulation,
starts the blood coursing through tho
veins, awakens the numbed organs of res-
piration and digestion, cleanses th© sys-
tem, soothes the mucous membrane, and
the Cold passes off without a struggle.
"77" is a small vial of pleasant pellets
that just fits the vest pocket.
; At all druggists 25 cents, or mailed on receipt
of price. Doctor's Book mailed free.
. Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co.. cor-
ner "William and Joaa sts.. New York. jPetitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows:
Clinton F. Robertson, architect, San Fran
csisco, liabilities $2787 B0. assets $30; A. H
£l a i. b . unu tormer . Santa Rosa, liabilities
t2»29 82, no assets: Charles A. Jackson, rail
road clerk, Oakland, liabilities $976 60 no as
eets.
At tlie Great Portland Factory Sale
Swell styles In fine ladies' and men's
regular (3 60 shoes for $1 85 at the Bee
Hive Shoe Company, 717 Market street,
near Third.- •
One can never weigh a politician In the
balances without finding him wanting
something.
Petitions In Insolvency.
Cork is to hold an industrial exhibition
of Irish industries next year.
Captain James TV. Gillin sent in his ap
plication yesterday to the Police Commis
sioners to be placed on the pension list.
The Pension Commissioners will hold
their quarterly meeting Monday, when
the application will be acted upon. Gillin,
who was one of the most efficient officers
on the force, has been on the sick list for
the last eighteen months as a result of
injuries he received while on duty in
Chinatown some years ago. He Joined the
force December 17, 1879, was promoted to
sergeant October ], 18S9, and to captain in
charge of the Mission district December
1, 189d. All the lieutenants are anxious to
be promoted to fill the vacancy.
Captain Gillin Resigns.
Lawrence J. Hoey's Funeral.
The funeral of Lawrence J. Hoey, the
former Assemblyman, who died a few
days ago, will take place this morning at
9:30 o'clock, from the undertaking parlors
of J. C. O'Connor, thence to St. Bren
dan's Church, where a requiem mass will
be said.
Yesterday the San Francisco delegation
in the Legislature of ]?99 met in the office
of W. H. Cobb and adopted the .following
resolutions:
\u25a0Whereas, Death has called from our midst
our respected and loyal friend Lawrence J.
Hoey, and
Whereas. His conduct in life as a member of
the General Assembly of the State of Califor
nia stamped -him as a man of integrity and
sterling worth, and
Whereas. We believe that in his death thl6
community has lost one of its noblest citizens.
Resolved, That we, members "of the' San
Francisco delegation of the Legislature in the
session of 1S99. hereby express our regret at
the untimely calling away of our fellow mem
ber; and be it further
Resolved. That we attend the funeral in a
body. " W. H. COBB, Chairman.
D. S. O'BRIEN, Secretary-
October 4, 1901.
A mass of tables issued by the Govern
ment this week on railways in the United
Kingdom in 1900 is mighty unpleasant
reading for the shareholders, showing in
creased working expenses out of all pro
portion with the increase in receipts. Of
the total paid-uj* capital of £1,176,000,000
16. per cent, or £187,000,000, is due to nom
inal additions on consolidation, conver
sion and division of the stocks. The av
erage rate of dividend is only 3.45 per cent,
as against 3.C7 per cent in 1899. .
It is the realization of these shortcom
ings which has induced the departure for
New York of several prominent officials
of the Northeastern Railway Company,
including George Gibb, the general man
ager, and Mr. Burtt, the traffic manager,
who sailed on the White Star line steam
er Celtic. The object of their trip is a
month's study of the American railroad
system. ;"
LONDON, Oct. 5.—. The opinion of
Charles T. Yerkes of English railways is
that they must be taken In hand by
Americans and worked in their way, or
else they will be laid down under enor
mous capitalization and wasteful meth
ods. • "..*•
The showing of transactions for September is
very encouraging considering the long continu
ance of the labor troubles. It is evidence of the
Inherent vitality of the San Francisco real es
tate market. It Is not to be denied that many
men of wealth have refrained from making in
vestments which they had- intended, and it Is
•well known that buyers of a speculative turn of
mind have held off in the hope tBat there would
be a break In prices. This latter class has been
doomed to disappointment, while, despite the
backwardness of others, the total sales of the
past month have aggregated a million dollars.
It is plain from the strength of the market that
It will develop great activity. Already there is
evidence of Improvement in the line of samll
and medium sized purchases, and It only re
mains for the large buyers to overcome their
caution to put affairs back to the point where
they were in the early spring. San Francisco
is bo markedly growing in population and its
future is bo well assured that nothing can keep
this city back. Events may arise to check the
onward inarch, but they are only temporary,
and as soon aa they have passed the forward
course will be resumed. It looks now as If
long strides were to be taken to make up for
the time that has been lost.
The Real Estate Record for October,
published by G. H.Umbsen & C«., has the
following to say concerning the condition
of the market:
Review of Market.
Harvey H. Dana and A. W. Pattianl
have let the contract for the foundation,
etc., for a six-story brick building on the
northeast corner of Geary and William
streets.
The vicinity of Vallejo and Fillmore
streets has been building up quite rapidly
within the last few months. The resi
dences of James McNab. Carl Gross and
James Madison are nearing completion.
The Madison building has an Italian ren
aissance character, crowned with wide
projecting, redwood carved beams, show
ing' the tool marks and supporting a terra
cotta tile roof with an ornamented copper
gutter sheltering beneath, symmetrically
placed openings relieved by stucco work
modeled by the sculptor Mlnetti. The
main floor has a vaulted arched reception
hall, paneled to a height of seven feet
with mahogany, off which is a renais
sance drawing-room and library treated
at intervals with pilasters decorated In
white and gold. , The rear width of the
building has the living-room, 28x36 feet,
finished In California curly redwood, with
a beamed ceiling and large open fireplace.
The north end swells out with a twenty
eight-foot glass bay. taking one-half of
the form of the domed oval recoco deco
rated dining-room directly beneath, af
fording a superb marine view. Dunn &
Schroepfer are the architects.
Northeast corner of Hayes and Lyon streets.
137:6x137:6, from Joseph T. Pohelm to Her
man Levy for $17,600; 137:6x68:9 on the south
line of Haight street, 137:6 feet east from La
guna, from Annie Matthews to Holla V. Watt
and Laura J. Sims, for $13,000.
Dr. Petrie Hoyle \u25a0will build a handsome resi
dence on the north- line of Jackson street, 200
feet east from Firet avenue, to cost about
jlS.CCO. The plans are by D. F. Oliver. .
• A. P. Conrady will build a three-story and
basement structure on the east line of Stan
yan street, 25 feet south from Bush, to cost
$6000.
Progress of Building.
The largest transaction recorded In the
past week was the transfer of the south
east corner of Howard and Beale streets
from the Risdon Iron and Locomotive
Works to Edward M. Dunbar, represent
ing the Southern Pacific Company. The
property is 275x320:10. The recorded price
is $774,175. Some mwnths ago the deal was
published in this paper.
The -following transfers of some size
not previously mentioned were also re
corded during the past week:
Eisdon Deal Recorded.
J. "W. Donnelly & Co. have sold lot 24x
81:3, on the northeast corner of Flllmore
and Hermann streets, for Sarah A. Snyder
to Nellie Bond for $7500.
Lot 00x100 on the southeast corner of Mari
poea and Texas streets, ?1300; lot 91:8x100 on
the east aide of Kansas street, north o£ Butte,
$1SCO; lot 25x100 feet, with live-room cottage, on
the west side of Indiana street, north of Sierra,
$3500; lot 50x100 feet on the west side of In
diana street, north of Sierra, with one build-
Ing of two flats and one five-room cottage,
$S200; lot 60x100 feet on the southwest corner
of Eighteenth and Minnesota streets, with sev
eral cottages, $8400. and lot 50x100 feet on the
east side of Minnesota street, south of Twenty
second, for $1650; lot 28x80 feet, with Improve
ments, on the west side of Church street, south
of Twenty-sixth. $1600; vacant lot, 25x100:3 on
the west side of Treat avenue, north of Four
teenth, $1200; vacant lot 25x90 feet on the south
west corner of Twenty-sixth and Harrison
6treetfl, $1050; two-story residence with lot 25x
115 feet on the west side of Capp street, south
of Twenty-fifth, $5100; lot 30x129 feet on the
east side of Fair Oaks street, south of Twenty
third, with two Hats, $3100; vacant lot 25x98
feet on the east side of Folsom street, north
of Fourteenth, $1900; lot 25x125 feet with im
provements on the west side of Castro street,
south of Twentieth, $4000; lot 25:9x120, with Im
provements, on the north side of Eddy street,
east of Buchanan, for $8000; two vacant lotti,
25x100 and 25x125 feet on the south side of
Waller street, east of Shrader, for $1500 each,
and a vacant lot 35x125 feet on the east side of
I'lerce, north of Haight. for $3100; west side
of Ninth avenue, between H and I streets,
lot 25x120 feet, with two-story residence, $3350,
lot 25x100 feet • on the north side of I street,
west of Nineteenth avenue, $700; lot 25x120 feet
on. the west line of Ninth avenue, south of
H street, $1000; lot 50x120 feet on the east side
of Nineteenth avenue, south of H street, $2000;
lot 25x120 feet on the east side of Twentieth
avenue, south of H street, $S0O; lot 25x120 feet
on the east side of Twelfth avenue, south of
H street, $800. and lot 50x100 feet on the west
side of Nineteenth avenue, north of I street,
for ?1SOO.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have sold the fol
lowing properties:
Ellen Kerns to E. Shemanskl, lot 28x57:6,
with improvements, on the south line of Wil
low avenue, 55 feet east of Polk street, for
«55f*>; William HInkel to F. J. Hart, lot 25x106,
with improvements, on the west side of Shrad
er street, 50 feet north of Beulah, for J3600;
O. D. Baldwin to George Gray bill, lot 25x87:6
and three flats on the west line of Larkln
street, 62:6 east of Jackson, for $5750: Maria E.
Slevlri to Maggie E. Barr, house and lot 31x132,
on the south line of Sacramento street, 357:9
west of Tv'ebster, for $4400; Judson Wheeler to
Laura Isaacs, lot 35xS7:6, on the east line of
Spruce, 92 feet north of Sacramento street, for
$3150; Marian S. Stevens to John Dyer, lot
25xl27:8>4, on the north side of Clay street, 181
feet west of Baker street, for $2300; William
Anderson to A. H. Pay60n, trustee of the
Santa Fe Railroad Company, a lot 75x100, with
house, on the west line of Indiana street, 100
feet north of Sierra, for $7500.
Brokers Report Sales.
Baldwin & Howell have made the fol
lowing sales:
More sales of realty were made in San
Francisco in September than in either
July or August. The sales of last month
numbered 249, representing a total value
of $1,166,870. This volume of business rep
resented all sections but one. The Mis
sion had 78 sales to its credit, with totai
value of $224,475. The Western Addition
showed a total value of $399,S05 for 65
sales. There were 38 sales in the outside
lands, with a total value of 518,407; 18 in
South San Francisco, amounting to ?13,
275, and 11 in the Potrero, bringing $17,000.
Twenty-two 50-varas were sold for $366,359
and sixteen 100-varas for $119,949. • One
water lot brought $10,500.
The building permits for September cov
ered a total value of $392,708 and num
bered 68. This was $100,000 more than the
total for September, 1900, with 10 more im
provements' last month than were called
for by the permits of the corresponding
month in 1900. Three-quarters of the year
has passed and the Improvement© for that
period lead those of any corresponding
nine months since 1S91, the total value
represented being $5,575,755, as against $4,
570,886 for the same months last year, an
advance of about $1,000,000. . The remainder
of the present year will break the record
of 1900 to a still greater extent, judging by
the present indications.
The real estate brokers are in the best
of spirits. The end of the strikes and the
settled conditions existing are favorable
for a lively market and^sucn is with good
reason to be expected. Some brokers are
holding back accounts of recent transac
tions until the deals can be linally closed.
.Others make reports.
Shareholders Find Distressing
Reading in the' Latest
Reports.
Brokers Report the Market to
Be Buoyant and
Promising.
Sales and Building Work
Making Excellent
Records.
Charles Yerkes Says
They Need American
* Managers.
REALTY SCORES
MILLION MARK
BRITONS LOSE
ON RAILROADS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 19O1.
19
. _ _ \u25a0__ MISCEIXAITEOIJS. '_\u25a0' v
OUT-OF-TOWN TRADE SOLICITED. HAIL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
Prices that will convinc* you that no matter under what pretext carpet sales elsewhere are held our
prices arc the lowest — in fac^ cannot be duplicated for the price in America- The stock just received in-
cludes the most magnificent Lowell and Eigelow Axminster in Persian and floral designs. 3000 pieces
ready for you. Compare! Compare!! Visitors welcome !!
t€nis.butalineofrjodi?cratdes?gnrwitrbwSrrto XjjIP flf B TShS #3 0 OSIFffliliQ
match, suitable for parlors, dining-rooms, or hall and UOSO US fll QUIull UUllUlllUi
AtTlioO-A magnificent line of Wilton Velvet Car- , ™" "f^"" Ue ! C , uHaia *"' for f yC " tMs T ek T a ™*
pets_Includm K all the new fall styles and colorings, ° f ' hc A large shipment o genuine Arabian
sewed, laid and lined, $i.oo. " Lace Curtains, exact duplicates of those rrench Curtains
At ?l.O5 — Smith's Axminster and MToquette Carpets which the world of art has raved over.
A hi 5 h P ile carpet, with bordcrs to match, laid and At $ 8.00— Arabian Curtains— American made— beauti-
a+eV oo?')' ,i , , _ ,, ,. „ „ . fully corded — designed from old, original French pat-
At $1.22 5 4-Bi S elow's Lowell Body Brussels-About terns which sold for $150.00. -
ia different designs; this carpet sells regularly for $1.50; At $ 2 5. OO— Arabian Curtains— Strikingly beautiful— 4
this week 5122VS sewed andlaid. styles in this line-f or parlor .or library— $15.00 a pair i
At 7Oe_Sanford'a Double Extra Tapestries-Suitable under value.
for parlors, dmmg-rooms, hall and stairs; regular 90c; At $1G.OO — Arabian Curtains— Formerly $24.oo-±to ac-
af^nP" 0^ 7^: <ri t . centuate this bargain event at $16.00.
At OOc— Cork Linoleum— 4 yar ds wide, and of extra At for Corded Arabian Lace Curtains — This
heavy quality: about 12 different patterns, in delft-blue value is astonishingly great ,and positively unmatchable.
\u25a0»t«iir d T d^! ; jS, M T l - fc 7 floral designs. At $7.5O— Magnificent Arabians—Wide, elaborate bor-
At $1. lo— Inlaid Tile linoleum — The best floor cover- ders— 2 styles, regularly $10.50.
ing xn the world for office, kitchen, dining-rooms or At $15.00— French Arabian Curtains— Hand-made, in-
stores. etc., etc. The colors of these linoleums go right imitable styles— every curtain in this lot is marked
through to the back, and it is practically indestructible. down specially for this sale— .?1O.5O. —
Pattosien's Parlor Furniture Factory
Is the largest on the Pacific Coast. In fact, we employ more upholsterers than all other furniture
stores in the city combined. We manufacture in bur own factory PARLOR FURNITURE, OFFICE
LEATHER FURNITURE, LIBRARY FURNITURE, MATTRESSES- Furniture made to order. Used
Furniture Repaired, Refinished and Reupholstered.
MORE FURNITURE BARGAINS." 2 n " FN T
S8.00 for Combination Mattress, sea moss and hair. . PiTnnnAY S^^^^^^^^PBw
$5.00 for Sanitary Sea Moss Mattress, cotton top cucuniPO SSSK^^^^Kfw^^k
S 1.90 for Woven Wire Spring, strongly constructed. fl^fMwIOnCpSfl "»
$3.50 for Woven Wire Spring, hardwood frame. WFI PflMF
$6.00 for $10.00 Odd Wash Stands, of solid oak.
$14.00 for $20.00 Divan, seat upholstered in damask, SS^^^^^M^
$35.00 for Parlor Suit of 5 pieces, carved frames. will
S11.00 for $14.00 Round Dining Table, 6-ft. extension. py^jl^^^^^^Mfelj B^W^
$8.00 for beautiful upholstered Parlor Chair, worth iSsi" i-» V» feft&nw .*$&*'
$26.00 for Davenport Sofa-bed, worth $35.00. *&jr riPcSiac. rj*^_Jffi&fey*'
$25.00 for oak Bedroom Suit, 3 pieces. ' '
$25.00 for drophead Sewing Machine, worth $45.00. 2£ S&SE
$1.90 for Moquette Rugs, worth $2.50. $%>£%& %$?%£ JS? X2T « eat^ re -£ £
*ns nn r m \u25a0 . n ft *n r topped with genuine horse hair. The preat kIb \u25a0! fll fflffl
$24.00 for Axminster RugS, 9x12 feet. . arms and wide comfortable back are luxurl- M t£ i?U B HB
__,_ . _ , J ., __ ouEly tufted, the ends being tastefully finished V& B £JL I § M 1
5OC for Tapestry Carpet, WOrth 65C. ?'»"J. rospttes and tassels. Bargain price in ftl2 EJ "TT B BJ O
• J * leather \iS3k q h
$8.50 for patent Box Couch, worth $10.00. Rocker to match''.'!'.".".".'!'!'.". ". $35.00
sixteeK You Save Money at Pattosien's. JSH^
OCEAN TRA.VEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' V-w Steamers leave Broadway,
1«l» Wharf, San Francisco:
VSlSSsf^ Fcr Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
K&jglSw^ Oct. 3, 8. 13, 13. :3. 23. Nov. 2.
I Kjrp^JfJSt Change to company's steamers
fij*^2^ 3A1 at Seattle.
1 EP§£r<'iSll3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i t c ->> Port Townsend. Seattle.
"**tPa»| Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a- m..
Oct. 3. 8, 13. 18. 23. 23. Nov. 3.
Thange at Seattle for this com-
pany's eteamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ky-: at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. in.. Oct.
4. 9, 14, 19, 24, 29. Nov. 3.
For San Dieso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Pert I»s Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon, Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme and Redon-
do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays, 11 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chants
steamers, sailing daya and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS £ CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Sten.rr»wlilp> Ijin» to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all mil m» steBmshioand rail, at
IjO'WUSI* 3Et_A/T33S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tad MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails Oct. 5. 15. 25. Nov. 4
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Sept. 30. Oct. 10, 20. 39
D.W.HITCHCOCK,GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y. 8. F.
PANAMA R. R. 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. *40; Meals Free.
5. S. Hysdes sails Thursday, Oct. 10
S. S. Argyll sails Thursday, Oct. 17
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Oct. 28
From Howard-street Wharf at J p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Paciflo 'Coast Agent.
oceanic s.s.to. sbsmh-
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Oct. 12. 2 p. in.
S S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct 24, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Oct. ». 10 a. in.
i. D.SPSECKEIS k BROS. CO., Ssnsra, Agsnts, 327 Haifa! it
Gen'l Pasaiupr Office, 643 Markst St., for Is. 7. FaciSc SI
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....Oct 17IPERU Nov. 9
LIMARI Oct. 2G| PALENA Nov. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Agents.
C0XPAGNI2 GENERALS IBANSATLAXTIQUS
mKECT LINK TO HAVRB-PAKI3. #iWil>r"
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, »J««ra&5
North River, foot of Morton street; *L'Aqui-
talne. September 19: La Bretagne, September
26; La Champagne. October 3; •La Savola. Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre, $73 and upward, seconi
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York.. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflo Coasc
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco*
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
'Twin Screw Eypresa Steamer*.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
SSX s. navFyard anq^alleJ]
Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or MOUTICELLO
1:43 a. in., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Eunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:20 p. m. Leaves Yallej.i
f a. m.. 12:30 noon. • p. m., except Sunday.
Eunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Faxa I SO cents.
Telephona Main 1508. Landing and ofSc*. pl«a
Z. Hisiiga-st. dock BATCH. BR03,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sfciTMADFwiLu
WEAK MADE STRONG
Marvelous Elixir of Life Discovert by
Famous Doctor-Scientist That C res
Every Known Ailment,
Wonderful . Cures Are' Effected That Seem
Like Miracles Performed— The Secret
of Long Life of Olden Times
Revived.
The Remedy Is Free to All Who
Send Name and Address.
After years of patient study and delving Into
the dusty record of the past, as well as fol-
lowing modern experiments in the realms of
medical science. Dr. James W. Kldd. 1509 First
National Bank building. Fort Wayne, Ind.,
makes the startling announcement that he has
. DR. JAMES WILLIAM KIDD.
, surely discovered the elixir of life.. That he is
able, with the aid of a mysterious compound,
known only to himself, produced as a result of
the years he has' spent In searching for this
precious life-giving boon, to cure any and every
disease that is known to the human body.
There is no doubt of the doctor's earnestness In
making his claim and the remarkable cures
that he is daily effecting seem to bear him out
very strongly. His theory which he advances
is one of reason and based on sound experience
in a medical practice of many years. It costs
nothing to try' his remarkable "Elixir of Life,"
as he calls it, for ho sends it free, to any one
who la a sufferer, in sufficient quantities to
convince of its ability to cure, so there is abso-
lutely no risk to run. Some of the cures cited
are very remarkable, and but for reliable wit-
nesses would hardly be credited. The lame
have thrown away crutches and walked about
after two or thrw trials of the remedy. The
sick, given up by home doctors, have been re-
stored to their families and friends in perfect
health. Rheumatism, neuralgia, stomach,
heart, liver, kidney, . blood and skin diseases
and bladder troubles disappear as by magic.
Headaches, backaches, nervousness, fevers,
consumption,, coughs, colds, asthma, catarrh,
bronchitis and all affections of the throat,
lungs or any vital organs are easily overcome
in a space of time that is simply marvelous.
Partial paralysis, locomotor ataxla, dropay,
gout, scrofula and piles are Quickly and per-
manently removed. It purifies the entire sys-
tem, blood, and tissues, restores normal nerve
power, circulation and a state of perfect health
is produced at once. To the doctor all systems
are alike and equally affected by this great
"Elixir of Life." Send for the remedy to-day.
It Is free to every sufferer. State what you
want to be cured of and the sure remedy for
it will be sent you free by return mall
Railway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete . absorption and
healthful regularity. - . \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
re cularities. Siclr , Headache, Biliousness. Con- i
•tlpat ion, Pllea and ' all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
>y maiL \u25a0 x BADWAY A CO., New Tork,
APVKRTISEJOaiTSv
High-Priced
Eye-Glass
Lenses replaced for 50 Cents. If astig-
matic $!.00 or $1.50.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing
factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS^ H^»^«^.
642 Market 5t. instruments
UNDER CHRONICLE BUILDING. CATALOGUE PR'S.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BEMTO CO.
We offer some stock for sale In this min« at
50c per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which will im-
mediately enhance the- value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. "We own 720 acres of
lanl with buildings and machinery. We want
you to see this mine. The stock In the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to $3 per
share and Is all sold and issued and will pay
a dividend in a short time.
H. R. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager.
• 7 North Market St., San Jose. Cal.
Prospectus and Kxhlblt at Branch Office,
413 KEARNY STREET. San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
I -.f*\ Rupture Cured.)
f\ €a 9 celebrated California In- 1
Jcc >^^4MJ ventor . Dr. Pierce, discovered I
fv '*'v5^i tbat the onlv remed y for Kup-j
\5 JimCA ture l3 Electricity, and in per-;
1 j£2B]f fecting his wonderful Electro-
fct Magnetic Truss and estab-
gyft&\^-'Vl>A s£§&S% lishing its sale throughout
.ri\\l»€St?>>'£araB& I the world, he eaye to suf-
' lTOWl!!mllWffi * fercrs from thisdangerous
V\»«|>iM^ffiMKi||j malady the relief and ee-
"^f^^^BffiSa^ enrity vainly sooght for
s^Sl*0'!r^ elsewhere. This reuowned
"'*\*ffr \u25a0 appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all others and its action on tho
ruptured parts is quick and effectiTe. Cures
accomplished by its use- are numbered by the
thousand. If rnptured investigate at once. Call
or Bend a 2-cent stamp for new " Booklet No. 1. '
Address Magnetic Truss Co., 1145 Broadwiy (near
26th St.), Hew York, or 206 Post St.. SanFranclaco.
nirr nnifll Corner Fourth and
UH I L n U I fl Lg—orSss-Jna
Tallaea checked free.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hloeo), ' Nagasaki and Shanghai and
oonnectlns at Hongkong with ateamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
BS AMERICA MARU
.rrr;. Wednesday. October 23. 1901
63. HONGKONG MARU
.....Saturday, November 16, 1901
BS. NIPPON MARU ; .
Wednesday, December 11. MCI
Round-trip tickets at reduced . rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
RV TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAXIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. :
From New Tork Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Ixnils Oct led Philadelphia ...Nov. 13
Philadelphia ....Oct. 23 St. Paul Nov. 20
fit. Paul ....Oct. 30|Phlladelphla ....Dec. 4
RED STAR LINE.
Ntw York . and Antwerp.
From New . Tork Wednesdays, at 13 noon.
\u2666Vaderland Oct. 16|Friesland Nov. 8
Kensington .....Oct. 23 Eouthwark Nov. 13
•Zeeland Oct. 301 • Vaderland Nov. 20
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOH,
General Afent Paclflo Coast, 10 Montgomery at.
if^k P— f O / On the cost of stoek iT^ WMJ O /
%ff r*%. / a t 15 CENTS pep %, ® /SZ! U /
{ &\u25a0 V fC\ share is the amount J &m I i\
-*^ V In DIVIDENDS -«\u25a0\u25a0* / U
THE— —
(Capital $300,000 full paid, non-asseseable, par value $1 OO.\
Has paid to stockholders since January 1. 859 Acres of leases In the heart
of the Lrima fields and in sight of the city of Lima. It has 14 producing wells
on© drilling:. and 102 locations to drill, besides 1500 acres additional leases in
Ohio. Indiana and West Virginia. \
THE GREATEST OIL PRODUCING TERRITORY IN THE I). S.
(Drilling must commence on the Indiana leases within 30 daysA
The producing wells are on the Faurot, the Boose and the Vorhees farms (254
acres), one mile east of Lima. There are 22 Locations on these farms,
\u25a0which, when completed, will more than Double the Dividends to stockhold-
ers.
To Hold the Indiana Leases -and to drill these 22 Locations at
Once, the Directors are offering for the next Twentv Davs a limited
amount of Treasury Stock
AT 15 GENTS par value,' $i.oo.
An additional dividend of at 'least 15 per cent will be paid this year
A TOTAL OF 40 PER CENT isVpTshare
'':'.\u25a0 This dividend will bo doubted when tho
22 locations an tho Boose, tho Faurot
and Vorhees farms are completed......
THIS OFFER IS FOR 20 DAYS FROM SEPT. 29th.
And after that date is subject to chan ge without notice.
Send subscription direct to The/Union Oil & Gas Co..- or write at
once to J. W. Davis. Secretary, for prospectus, maps, blanks, etc. Office,
Rooms 1 and 3. Purtscher Block. Lima. Ohio." \u25a0 \u25a0-
World Famous Marian! Tonic
Restores the Vital Forces. Per-
fectly safe and reliable. It gives
strength and vigor to body, brain
and nerves.
All Druggists. Befuse Substitutes.
S* Ha • f*£^t'<£Jv I U \u25a0"•\u25a0\u25a0^j \m BK.
'ii. r-1 I BB \u25a0 IbKB 9 mtr^^ Bv8
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WES
24 Port ct.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
EEtafeMehed Nearly 40 yeare. Open Entire Tear.
Write for SO-page catalogue (free).
6AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
123G Market Street.
Actual buelnees bookkeeping; only exyeit ac-
countant* and reporters as teachers ; Gregg
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read*
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSg. W.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
& Co. fesfd. 1SC2), 17 and 19 Fremont »t.j upon
installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COXE ANJ PIO IROX
Jr Wti CrtV * m ** Battery Street.
• V- n 1L3UI> O. IAJ-. Telephone Main 1S61.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
tie PflVPC *\u25a0 Til Shipping Butcher*. 104
JA3- KUIC3 g L-U- qxzt. Tel. Main 12M.
OILS.
LUERICATIKO OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
4 IS Front «t:t 6. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINO.
F f RdHHPC PRINTER.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
rur hicks-judd co..
£2 Flrtt Etreet. San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMEtfTS. '\u25a0
1 " - Here's a chance to make- a saving! We've collected the 1
i ammunition for one of the greatest weeks in our history— «
g And here are the items — Read them over. Read them care- g
i fully. You've never been given values like these: |
I ji Scotch Heather Homespuns — . t|
H In shades of li^ht. medium and dark Oxford gray — also in brown r|
Eg and cadet blue mixtures — a nice strong, serviceable material* for chil- ||
a ' dren's dresses, house wrappers, etc.— our well-known 50c jquality, 37 f-j
p inches wide; as a leader to-morrow at 25c Yard IJ
B .*"\u25a0>\u25a0\u25a0 0/ " ssle at Market-street store only. B
H English Army Serge— M
if A strictly all-wool heavy-weight material for separate skirts, outinj? H
(fl suits and children's sailor costumes — in numerous shades of navy blue, H
H also in black — dye and finish warranted fully— 52 inches wide — an ele- Ej
« gant value at 85c — one of the strongest specials we have ever made— H
H on sale beginning to-morrow. 49c Yard £j
«5 For sale at Market-street store only. H
\u25a0 Sati.i Venetian Cloth— ||
I All the newest fall shades, especially old rose, snake ffreen. reseda, cas- |j
M tor, delf, blue and new eravs — all pure wool — with a rich panne fin- H
Eg ished surface — for fine tailored suits, capes, children's automobile Sj
ffl coats, etc.— our regular $1.50 grade— 52 inches wide— for one week R
S OSc Yard M
H For sale at Market-street store only. ||
H American Kersey Cloths— ||
I One of the most popular fabrics known for raglans, eton suits, cycling |j
m costumes, etc. — can be made up without lining — an elegant assortment J3
if of light, medium and dark Oxford grays-^-navy. brown and black— Eg
II ?6 inches wide and a big value at $i.oo-fon sale to-morrow, while it m
I f asts ,.i:.. '.50c Yard |
H , For sale at Market-street*Jttore only. Jra
H lluck Towels— . |1
Eg A towel sale at both our stores to-morrow— 100 dozen towels to be gj
|g so id these are our great 25c Irish flax towels, imported direct from If
fl Belfast — 20x40 inches, and in many ways the best towel . ever offered ||
H .in San Francisco— a great special to-morrow l»c Each g
0 . For Sale at Both Stores. H
If Pi'-Iow Cases — si
M 500 extra heavy undressed pillow cases go on sale to-mon:ovr — these H
El are 36x45 rhches, hemstitched, have a three-inch hem and have always g
m sold every place in San Francisco at 15c each—a snap for to-morrow B
pi 1— J^c Each Id
h 2^ stores. |j
1 Irish Table Linen— f 1
a We imported direct from Ireland one case of fine bleached table dam- gl
H ask a quality seldom seen in America for less than 60c a yard— has H
B a fine, soft, satin finish, is 60 inches wide, and will be placed^ on the 11
11 sal : table to-morrow as a great bargain at 4 *> c Yard J
jj£ ~ For Sale at Both Stores. 'ii
i Bath Towels— * „.,„,,.., §i
i soo bath towels, 24x54 inches, fine, soft finish, well bleached, close b
Ij weave, an exceptionally eood absorbent— and easily worth .^J-.^c— go W
M on the bargain tables to-morrow at -oc tacn a
I For tale at Both Stores. . gRELIANCE ' "TEARING UP"
STANFORD'S LINE IN . THE
FIRST HALF.
F. G. Maloney won the 120-yard hurdle
race in 15 2-3 seconds, one-flf th of a sec
ond outside the record.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Oct. 5.— In the
games under the sanction of the Amateur
Athletic Union at Churchill Downs to-day
the 100-yard running record — 9 4-5 seconds
— was equaled by A. F. E»uffy of George
town University. Duffy was two feet
ahead of his nearest competitor, H. Har
grave of Yale, at the tape. "William
Hunter of Louisville finished third. This
is the second " time Duffy has run in bet
ter than even time. His previous best
performance was done at Philadelphia In
April of last year.
The mighty Flanagan, after breaking
the world's records for 16-pound hammer
throw and discus throw yesterday, to-day
threw the hammer and the circle only far
enough to beat his competitors. He also
\u25a0won the 18-pound shot throw to-day. He
sent it 39 feet V> inch.
DUFFY EQUALS
WORLD'S RECORD
Young Gibbs. the clever lig-htweight
boxer of Cleveland, Ohio, arrived here
last night and placed himself in the
hands of "Billy" Lavigne. Gibbs will
probably be matched with some good
lightweight now on the coast. George
"Kid" Lavigne did not arrive last night
as expected. He will get here this morn
ing- or to-night. "Billy" will send the
"Kid" to join the rest of his string of
fighters at Blanken's Six-Mile House.
Gibbs the Boxer Arrives.
Open stake, first round — M. Walsh's Thorn
dale beat L.. S. Barre's Boodle Boy, 22-3; Ed
Neave's First Foot beat J. J. Keenan's Dread
Not, 26-5; George Nethercott's Hickory Dick
beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete, 11-2;
George Nethercott's Red Rock beat F. S.
Price's Brutus. 6-5; Star Kennels' Fontenoy
beat J. M. Carroll's Auckland 12-2; A. R. Cur
tis' Lord Beaconsfleld beat J. Cane's Master
Davenport. S-5; A. R. Curtis' Leola beat Star
Kennels' Blackhead, 2ij-12: TV. J. Leonard's
Tom Hurlick beat T. Murnane's Bonus, 7-1; E.
Geary's Minnie Sankey btat Pasha Kennels'
Flyaway, 5-4; J. H. Perigo's Faraway beat
M. B. Kavanaugrh's Might Be Keen, 6-0; Sterl
& Knowles' Cold Shivers beat A. Vanderwhite's
Flora McDonald. 6-4; D. J. Healey's Elista a
bye; A. Vanderwhite's Lear King beat H.
Lynch's Clarice, 8-5; J. J. Keenan's Uundin
Links beat P. M. Clarkson's Sofala, 9-7; C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard beat Ed Neave's Talk
to Me, 10-7; A. R. Curtis' Fly by Night beat
Ed Neave's Strayaway. 6-4: E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie beat J. M. Halton's May Hempstead.
4-2; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl beat J. Willis'
Half Moon. 6-4; P. M. Clarkson's Golden Gar
ter beat Chiarini Bros.' Boney Boy, 11-8; J.
Cane's Greenhall beat M. R. Parkinson'6 Ben
Lomond, 11-5; Ed Neave's Daisy Clalr beat
M. Nealon's Achilles. 4-0; J. A. Klein's Coro
nado beat Star Kennels' Pickpocket, 5-2; J.
Moriarlty's Snapper Garrison beat P. M. Cur
tis' Kibosh, 22-16; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey
beat M. Nealon's Aeneas, 9-7; A. R. Curtis'
Loyal Lad beat H. Perigo's Controller, 3-0: F.
Schou's King's Borderer beat George Shar
man's The Doctor, 13-6; L. F. Bartels' Best
Bargain beat W. C. Glassoh's Sleigh Bells,
16-S; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple beat O. Zahl's
Miss Vilscn. 10-7: Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out
beat Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget. 7-2; Ed
Neave'a Full Moon beat F. Schou's Master
Whalen. 12-1; Ed Neave's Wedding Bells beat
Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor. 9-5; D. J. Hea
ley's Tapioca beat L. S. Barre's Amedee. 5-0;
Pasha Kennels" Royal Archer beat O. Zahl's
O'Hara 3-0; D. 'Walsh's Sacramento Boy beat
H. S. Chrinensen's Master Harold. 34-10; J. M.
Carroll's Master Clalr beat J. Mortality's Kit
tleman, 16-7; Pasha Kennels' For Freedom beat
Jeff Martenett's Slim, 2-0. •
Second round — First Foot beat Thorndale. 6-3;
Fontenoy beat Hickory Dick. 8-3; Red Rock
beat Lord Beaconsfleld, 5-1; Tom Hurlick a
bye; Faraway beat Minnie Sankey, 5-0; Cold
Shivers beat Elista. 14-11; Lear King beat Lun
din Links. 8-1: Fly by Night beat Haphazard,
11-6; Fannie Hughie beat Pleasant Girl. 14-2:
GreenhaJl beat Golden Garter. 8-7; Daisy Clalr
beat Coronado. 9-3; Ruby Sankey beat Snapper
Garrison, 6-0; Loyal Lad beat King's Borderer,
6-1: Best Bargain beat Ripple. 8-4: Freeze Out
beat Full Moon. 11-5: Wedding Bells a bye;
Sacramento Boy beat Royal Archer, 12-6; Mas
ter Clair beat For Freedom, 14-3.
John Grace Jr. judged the coursing
meeting 1 at Union Park yesterday ln a
manner that was satisfactory to the spec
tators. One of the horses furnished the
young judge did much to make the occa
sion a memorable one for him. At the
close of the run-down and in the course
between Slim and For Freedom young
Grace tried hard to make the wild-eyed
bronco under him behave. With the
stubbornness of the mustang, the horse
Refused to follow the hounds and insisted
on giving a Wild West exhibition. The
judge would have won out had not the
unexpected happened. He leaned forward
ln the saddle and as his head went down
the head or" the bronco came up. In the
clash that followed the judge came out
second best. It was fully five minutes be
fore the stars ceased playing in front of
the rider's eyes, ln the meantime Slim
had outpointed For Freedom with ease.
Ab the judge was not a witness the course
was run orf. For Freedom made,- a quick
pick-up and \u25a0won. -' IJ'*-
The hares were the best of the season.
In addition to the finals of the open stake
a special event is on the card faf. to-day.
Thirty-two of the fastest hounds" are en
tered and spirited coursing- is expected.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace Jr.'s official scores, are- as follows:
Lively Hares Set a Past
Pace for Pursuing
Hounds.
Presides Satisfactorily
at the Union Park
Meeting.
JUDGE GRACE JR.
IN THE SADDLE
The last scheduled cricket match of the
season will be played to-day at Sacra
mento between the Sacramento and Ala
meda clubs. The Alameda team will be
chosen from the following: R. b Hogue
(captain), Henry Ward St., Harold. Ward
Jr., Bert Bird, Harry Bird, F. J. Croll A
F. Stahl, W. Rlchter, A. J. Roberts ' H*
"W. Brown, C. Banner 'and H. L Moule
The Sacramento eleven will be "picked
from the following: H. F. Elliott, H. R.
Elliott, H. G. Macartney, L. W. Robl
tallle, W. Evason, H. W.. Turner, E.-T.
Paul, R. Marsh-Browne, H. F. Furley, - O
T. Pardoe, E. Ash worth and G. V. Green.
Clty Cricketers at Sacramento.
The swimming races at Sutro Baths to
day have attracted the following entries:
Fifty-yard race, amateurs — D. Belasco. J.
McManun, M. Griswald. A. Courtney, H. Fre-
Aquatic Sports at Sutro Baths.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— The Shamrock II,
in tow of the tug James Lawrence, left
her. mooringr'buoy In Sandy Hook Bay at
11:15 this morning j bound for the Erie
Basin, where' she arrived at noon. The
tug then went back for the tender Porto
Rico and towed her to the same place.
The yacht's mainsail was unbent and she
will probably be dismantled at once.
After Sir Thomas -Lipton, accompanied
by iMr. Jameson and Mr.. Watson, had
paid a, farewell visit to Colonel Burbank
and his family at .the, military post on
Sandy Hook7the Erin's anchor was hove
up and that yacht steamed direct to New
York. She was saluted by, all the outgo-
Ing steamships on her way up' the harbor
and anchored off the foot of West Thirty
fourth street at 3 p. m. : '
When asked if it were true that he.was
willing to put the captain -and. crew of
the Shamrock on board the Columbia and
allow that yacht's crew to \u25a0 handle the
Shamrock in a series of races, Sir Thomas
said: . \u25a0, \u25a0-
"I would be willing to do it If It Is In
the interest of sport and provided, of
course, the other side is willing." • -
There wl!l be., however, no such race
Monday next, as both the yachts are be
ing stripped and could not be put lh.trim
again for weeks.' Secretary Oddie of the
New- York Yacht Club 'said that suchva
raee might create bad feeling., especially
If the Shamrock shouid win.' Commodore
Kane said the idea was preposterous.
Speaking of his future plans, Sir Thom
as said he was undecided as yet about
his coming engagements, , but that he
would go direct to the Waldorf-Astoria
Monday and that Tuesday evening he
would attend a dinner at the New York
Yacht Club. H» will probably visit Chi
cago about a week hence. The date is
not yet fixed. •
Dr. F. Reid Mackay of the. Erin said
there was every reason to believe that
the Shamrock will be laid up in "New
York this winter and that Iri the spring
or next summer she will be raced against
the Columbia, Constitution or any other
ninety-footer. "For," said he, "we be
lieve that she is actually a faster boat
than the Columbia and can beat her if
she is raced again under different condi
tions."
The following letter, which explains it
self, was sent to-day: -
NEW TORK YACHT CLUB, Oct. 6, 1901.
Dear .Sir— We have to Inform you that the
Columbia has won three out of five races from
the Shamrock II in the match of 1901 with the
Royal Ulster Yacht Club. The America's Cup,
therefore, remains \u25a0with the New York Yacht
Club.
' S.> NICHOLAS KANE.
NEWBURY LAWTON,
CHESTER GRI8WOLD.
\u25a0 Regatta. Committee.
To Commodore** L. C. Ledyard, N. Y. Y. C,
Chairman of Committee on Challenge.
There have been 210 explosions in coal
m'res in the last fifty years, of which
Europe's share is $227,000,000.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 5.— The coursing con
tests for the American -Waterloo cup
commenced to-day at Pastime Park, the
first two rounds of the stake beiny run
off. John Grace of San Francisco acted
as judge. The meeting drew a crowd,
mainly made up of coursing enthusiasts
now in the city from outside points. The
faithful- were rewarded by. seeing grood
sport. / ~~
-On to-day's work Mountain Lion, owned
by P. Poe of Pueblo, Colo.;- Haredine.
owned by J. J. Lavin of St. Louis, and
Warburton, nominated by Arthur Hines,
have the call on the stake. Monsoon,
owned by H. G. Becker of St. Louis, is
also a dangerous one. Of . the outside
dogs, Adder, owned by L. F. Bartels;
Rural Artist, belonging to J. H. Rosseter
of San Francisco; Texas Black Lips,
owned by Irwin and Lyons of Texas, and
Bold Barbarian, the property of L. F.
Bartels, \ are all in the stake and show
good form.
The hares were, as a rule, a stronp lot,
but the fast work of the dogs resulterfin
a good percentage of kills. In several
instances the courses were won by clever
working degs. which defeated faster but
less skillful ores.
mont, E. Percy. W. Mlzner, "W. Adams, E.
Maulan, D. Miller, J.~ Llllie, J. O'Brien W.
Boggs, F. Dugan, A. Fernandez, C. Donovan,
C. Butterworth. H. McKenzie. D. Chase W.
Latz, G.. Nichols, » P. Sundberg. M. Roche ' A
Thomas. A.' Derks. M., Baker. J. Shrimp.
Diving for plates— H. Leicken, L. James, D.
Harrigan, G. Austin. S. Flnnigan, O. Lowen
thal. J.- Erasmy, E. Woods.- R. Grundy. R.
Buckley. "W. Stockton. F. \u25a0Williams. J. Meyers,
J. A. 'Jackson. T. Baker. "\V. Adams. 100- yard
race, amateurs— J. Stelljes. J. McCluskey, F.
Buttemer, K Bell. J. Armacost. G. Mogan. P.
McCarthy, L. Scott, R. Seltzer, W. Gorman.
D. Kerwln. F. Clayton. G. Wallace. F. Wolfe
W. Fisher. J. Rlngrose. ' H. Dougherty H.
Mitchell. R. Riding, L. Doud. Trick and fancy
springboard diving— A. Martinez, E. Winfield,
W. Guile. R.'.Cordell, L. Grueman. E. Martin
P. Llpman. H. Seebach. W. Hllson, J. Saw
yer," F. Nell. F. Muller, P. Regan. L. Harper.
D. Mackel. P. "Maine, J. Hunt, C. Donovan
J. Jackson, Owens. • ' - -
Mr. Banning said that the offense had
been charged in the language of the stat
ute, that the Government had fully proved
the offense on the trial and the fact that
Paymaster Coxe had the requisite au
thority to 6lgn as such.
O-H-M M..M..M H 1 I-l-M-M :\u25a0!\u25a0:\u25a0!\u25a0«
Tne counsel pointed to the fact that the
indictment charged the forgery of the
-name of Colonel Coxe on a voucher for
?4tW deposited by John Cranson, a private
of "Company E, Fourth Regiment, United
States army." and asserted that the in
dictment was not specific because there
were three different 'Fourth regiments'
in the United States army, and tnat there
was no Such thing known in the army as
a "company" of cavalry. Nor was there
any allegation that F. M. Coxe was a
lieutenant colonel' and deputy paymaster
general in the army, nor was there any
allegation that the defendant did forge
the name of F. M. Coxe as such paymas
ter, and that Coxe had power under the
law to make his signature as such.
Mr. Banning, replied and Judge de Ha
ven remarked that the serious allegation
was whether Coxe was . authorized to
draw up and sign this obligation of the
United States.
Ex-Captain John M. Neall, convicted of
forgery, was to have been sentenced yes
terday by. United States District Judge
de Haven, but Crittenden Thornton, his
attorney, made a motion in arrest of
judgment and ottered such substantial
reasons why. the motion should be granted
that the court deferred the passing of
sentence and took the motion under ad
visement until Monday. Before the mo
tion was made Assistant United States
Attorney Banning joined in the recom
mendation of the jury for clemency on
benaif of the accused.
Mr. Thornton's motion was based on
two grounds. First, that the indictment
\u25a0was insufficient because it contained Ini
tials and abbreviations 'of which no ex
planation had been made in the indict
ment, and second, that it had not been
alleged in the Indictment that Lieutenant
Colonel and Deputy Paymaster General
Coxe was authorized to sign the paper on
which his name was alleged to have been
forged by the defendant.
Seven furlong*, wiling.
Mike Rice. 108 (Ransom), 2V4 to 1 1
Toiibio. 1X1 (See). 2H to 1 2
Canejo. Ill (Hoar), 3 to 2 3
Time, 1:23. V
Wardman and M.afeking also ran.
Los Angeles Times handicap, five and a half
furlongs.
Rey Dare. 105 (See). 2 to 1 1
Rio de Altar. 105 (Ransom), 2 to 1 '... 2
Meehanus, IIS (Ruiz). 4 to 5 3
Time, l:07H-
Grafter also ran.
Mile and a sixteenth. Southern California
handicap.
LUzella, US (R&nsch). 6 to 5 1
Castake. 122 (Romero), Z to 1 2
Oscar Tolle, 115 (Ruiz), even..... 8
Time. 1:49.
Rey de San Juan, Cue and El Oriente also
ran. El Oriente and Oscar Tolle coupled.
Five and a half furlongs, Cashman stake. '
Fine Shot, 109 (Burllngame), 3H to 1 1
Game Warden, 100 (Hoar), 6 to 1 2
Bl Rey. 100 (R&nsch), 3 to 1 8
Time. 1:07.
Lou Clieveden, Gold Baron, Clarando and
Miss Vera also ran.
2:15 trot, purse $300, three in live.
Thomas R, by Iran Alto-by Nutwood
(Bunch) 4 111
Alta Vela (Hooper) 12 4 4
Bet Madison (Maben) ».. 2 4 2 2
Santa Anita Star (Tucker) 3 3 3 3
T!me-2:15. 2:17. 2:16, 2:18.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5.— Two harness
events, the best so far of the meeting,
were decided to-day at Agricultural Park.
Sir Albert S paced. three fast heats and
took the race after an" Interesting contest.
The trot was take,n by Thomas R in
straight heats, after dropping the first to
Alta Vela. The running events were in
teresting. The Los Angeles Times handi
cap for three-year-olds and upward was
taken by Roy Dare after a hard race
with Meehanus and Rio de Altar. The
attendance was good; weather tine; track
good. Results:
2:17 race, purse J750.
Sir Albert S. by Diablo-by Durfee (J.
Groom) '. Ill
El Diablo (Farrar) 3 2 2
Toppy (Whltehead) 2 3 4
Midnight (Donahue) 4 4 3
Our Boy'B Sister (Bunch) 1 5 dis
Time— 2:11%. 2:09. 2:12.
SAILS UNBENT
ON SHAMROCK
RURAL ARTIST
STILL A FACTOR
California Positions Olympic.
Gendotti
Morchead .Center ;'. . . Bettison
Overall R— Guard— L.... Cadwalader
Stow L— Guard— R Plunket
Braley I "
Hanson R — Tackle— L. J Clay
AlBertson L— Tackle— R New
Womble R— End— L. Blethen
Dibblee
Starr L — End — R Parker
More
Hudson Quarter Smedburg
"U'hipplo
McCormiek
F.herman R— Half — L Gammon
Mini Lr-Half— R Thane
Hilborn
Duden
Kelsey Fullback Cutter
Makes a Home Run on an Error.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 5.— In a rank ex
hibition of ball playing on the part of
both teams San Francisco won another
game to-day, making three of the series,
the score being "8 to'o. Errors were num
erous and costly. At one time the ball
got loose around the field and, although
the majority of the Senators were after
it, no one could corral it long enough to>
do any good, and Josh Reilly made a
home run without making a hit. as hej
reached first on Sullivan's error. Score:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, cf 4 0 2 0 5 10
Wilson, c 4 1 2 1 J 1 0
Hildebrand. If 4 10 0 4*0
Schwartz, rt 4 110 3 0 0
Pabst. lb 4 1 1 0 10 0 1
Krusr. 2b 4 2 2 0 2 11
Shea, ss 2 1 2 0 1 4 41
Reilly. 3b 4 10 0 14 0
Iburg. p 4 0 0 0 110
Totals ,..33 8 10 1 27 13 S
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH- SB. PO. A. E.
Devereanx. ps 4 0 0 1 1 3 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 1 0 1 6 2
Courtney, cf 5 0 1 0 2 0 0
Doyle, rf 3 10 0 10 0
McLaughlin, 1J 3 0 0 0 10 0
Davis. 2b 3 0 0 0 S 4 1
Stanley, c -3 2 2 0 5 11
Sullivan, lb 3 1 1 0 10 0 1
Stricklett, p 4 1 2 0* 0 2 0
Totals 32 5 7 1 24 18 3
; RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 02200301 •— g
Base hits 12101212 •— 10
Sacramento 01002000 2 — 5
i Bare hits 001020112—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Iburg 1, Stricklett 2.
Three-base hit — Shea.- Sacrifice hits Davis
Stanley. Sullivan. First base on errors— Sau
Francisco 4. Sacramento 3. First base on called
balls— Off Iburg 4, off Stricklett 1. Left on
bases— San Francisco 4. Sacramento 8. Struck
out— By Stricklett 2. Hit by pitcher— Sheehan.
Double plays — Krug to Pabst: Sheehan to Davis
to Sullivan; Davis to Devereaux; Nordyk* to
"Wilson to Shea to Iburgr. Time of jrame— On»
hour and fifty-five minutes. Umpire— Harper.
Scorer — Rutherford.
CAPTAIN MEAL
ASKS NEW TRIAL
STANFORD University and Reli
.ance Athletic Club football
elevens played a game yesterday
afternoon on the Sixteenth and
Folsom street grounds in -which
neither team scored. At no time was
either goal seriously menaced.
The game was slow and ragged, neither
eleven playing up to its usual form. The
conditions of the ground was blamed for
this. After every scrimmage clouds of
dust rolled up enveloping the players and
obscuring them from -the view of - the
spectators. The players on each side felt
its effect, as it choked them and seemed
to take all the steam and speed out of
them. Stanford's line seemed weak, the
Reliance men going through it like water
through a sieve.
One of the features of the game was
Frank Rodolph' s brilliant punting for Re
liance. He did not enter the game until
near its close, as Platt was being tried
out at quarter. When he was put in Re
liance had just secured the ball and it
was on the team's ten-yard line. Rodolph
punted, sending the ball down the field
sixty-five yards. There was an exchange
of mints at this juncture out of which
Reliance emerged with a gain of fifteen
yards. ,
Raitt, Stanford's quarterback, was ap
parently unable to judge the flight of the
ball throughout the game. He allowed
several punts go over his head, while
others fell short.
Reliance was penalized thirty yards in
all nearly in the game for off-side plays.
There was enough rough work to delight
a patron of boxing. Captain Fisher of
Stanford, Cooper and Dinsmore were all
U- «:-fr4-i"K-:"M"i- i"Z"i":-X"i- s-h-k-s-h-
SIH ALBERT S
WINS EASILY
Cadwalader kicked off thirty-eight yards
for Olympic. The ball was caught and
kicked back by More. More punted for
twenty-five yards, and Cutter punted the
ball back into California territory. Two
offside plays gave Berkeley twenty yards
hard fought from beginning to
end and furnished several incidents that
set the rooters wildly cheering— notably
when Overall tried to place a kick for
goal succeeded, and when Mini made
his remarkable end runs for California.
The weather was warm. Both halves
were short, the first twenty minuted and
the second fifteen minutes. Throughout
both the ball was in Olympic's territory
most of the time, and in the first half
practically all the time. The college elev
en has greatly improved since its game
last Saturday with Reliance. It failed,
however, at critical moments and its
playing throughout was uncertain. Con
centration of effort was lacking when
most needed. The clubmen put up a hard
game, but several times failed to make
necessary gains against their opponents.
Mini, the college left half, seldom failed
to work his distance. Two sensational
runs are credited to him. In the rirst half
he raced down the field for thirty-six
yards, and in the second half for forty
one yards. Gammon played well tor the
clubmen, and Cutter at full did good
punting.
CALIFORNIA won the football
game from the Olympic Club
eleven yesterday at Berkeley by
a score of 5 to 0. The game was
and Mini and Braley carried the ball into
the Olympic field for three yar'ds each.
After that the pigskin never crossed i.he
center. Whipple failed to gain and Cali
fornia punted for eighteen yards. Gam
mon made short gains for the .clubmen
and Cutter punted to center. Whipple and-s
Mini made short gains and More punted.
The ball was returned to center by Cut
ter. Mini carried it for thirty-six yards
toward the clubmen's goal, his interfer
ence working veil throughout the run.
Later Stow tried for -a twenty-yard place
\u25a0kick for goal and failed. The half ended
without score.
In the second half Overall kicked off.
The ball was returned and Overall punt
ed. Olympic 'failed to gain and punted to
Duden. Hudson. Berkeley's quarter, '
fumbled and Cadwalader fell on the ball.
Failing to gain. Cutter kicked. Berkeley
made short gains and then Mini made his
second sensational run, this time covering
forty-one yards. Olympic secured the ball
on a fumble and forced it to center. Over
all punted and California was penalized
thirty yards because "Womble tackled
Gammon before he caught the ball. Later
Mini made a sixteen-yard run and was
followed by Sherman for twenty-five
yards, but the ball was returned on ac
count of an offside play by Albertson. On
the Olympic thirty-yard line Overall tried
for a place kick. Morehead passed the
ball, Hudson placed it and Overall sent It
whizzing between the goal posts, al
though but a hand's breadth from one of
them. The whistle blew a few minutes
later.
The officials of the game were: L. P.
Prescott, umpire; Paul Snowden, referee;
John Hammersmith, timekeeper; "Woolsey
and Kohn, linemen.
Following is the line-up of the teams:
put out of the game for the too strenuous
methods they employed. Bert Oliver made
an ideal referee in the first half. He kept
the spectators informed as to the number
of "draws" and the number of yards gain
required each time.
Traegar, the hero of the last intercol
legiate game, attempted a field goal. His
aim was true, the ball sailing through the
air in a straight line toward the center
of the space between the goal posts.
There was hardly sufficient strength be
hind the kick which, coupled with the
.wind being against the ball, made it fall
short. It finally rested on Reliance ten
yard line, from which it was punted by
Rodolph.
When the game ended Relince had the
ball in the middle of the field. The teams
faced or.e another in the following order:
Reliance. Position. Stanford.
Dinsmore. ." L — E — R : Cooper
Collins L — T — R McFadden
Weirs L— G— R Barnhtsel
Fleck Center Hauverman
Erskine R — G — L Thompson
Hamilton R— T— L Traeger
McXevln R— E— L Knight
Platt— Rodolph Quarter Raitt
Varney L— H B— R Fisher— Smith
Wilson R— H B— L Hill
Atkinson— Percy Full Slaker
- The attendance was not large. This
was explained on the ground that both
teams were away from their home
grounds. The. Stanford rooters were as
sembled before play commenced in the
second half and the well-known "Rah!
Rah! Rah! Stanford!" rang out sharply on
the afternoon air as an encouragement to
the men In cardinal on the field.
Bert Oliver was referee and "Dave"
Brown umpire in the first half. In the
i second they changed positions.
California Defeats the Olympics by
a Score of 5 to 0.
In the Stanford-Reliance Contest
Neither Team Scores.
The strain of playing gilt edged base
ball for two consecutive days was too
much for Ewing's hasbe<3-up aggregation
of cripples. They collapsed yesterday,
losing to the men from the sunny souti
by a score of 13 to 2. In order to furnish
a little excitement in an otherwise list
less contest and incidently to keep the
spectators from growing weary, "Pop"
Hardie began putting the players out of
the game whenever they displayed a ten
dency to question his decisions. Monler
was the first to suffer, being put out the
first time he went to the bat. Hemphlll
and Dougherty were handed the sama
kind of a package soon after for no ap
parent reason. In Dougherty's case
Hardie's action was entirely unwarrant
ed The big right fielder was clearly saf 9
on first. Not hearing the decision he held
his base and when called out was re
moved from the game, simply because ha
said a few words, which he had a right
tO The real fun began in the third round.
Dougherty of Los Angeles led off with a.
hit. Householder was hit by a pitched
ball. Six more hits, coupled with a brae©
of errors, netted nine runs before the
agony was over. One was also scored in
the second on Babbitt's error, which gave
the Angels a total of 10. After this
"Youngey" Johnson settled down and but
three runs and as many hits were mada
off him, the runs being the result of poof
fielding. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 0 0 0 0 0 0 «
Schmidt, If 3 1 0 0 1 • 0
Lohman. c 1 0 0 0 8 1 3
Strieb. 1b 4 0 10 8 12
Eagan, ss * 1 2 0 0 2 3
Mosklman. rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Babbitt. 3b 4 0 1 0 1 2 1
Bunleavy. If * » •- 3 0 0 6 o 1
johnkon! p-::::::::.. s » o o 2 4 0
Hanson, c 2 t> • 1 0 1 0 0
McNeil, M 1 » J> _£ 2. — —
Total 33 11 0 27 1« 9
LOS ANGELES.
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphlll. If 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Dougherty, rf 3 2 2 110 0
Householder. cf .... 4 1 1 0 i 0 0
Atherton. If & ss.... 5 110 3 10
Kihm, lb 4 2 1 0 12 0 1
Reitz 2b 5 2 1112 0
Se illy 3b 4 10 110 0
fpiesTc. 4 1 0 0 3 0 0
Jones, p 5 1 = 0 1 5 0
H a^ r r.::::::::::::j j I j j I j
Totals 41 13 12 3 27 11 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 1 000 2!t2'2V~2
Base hits 1 0 1 0 2 0 0 0 *-6
Los Angeles 01000200 1-13
Base hits 00802000 2—12
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Johnson 4, Jones t.
Three-base hit— Croll. Two-baae hits— Eagan
(•>) Kihm Householder. Kelly. Sacrifice hits—
Lohman. Dougherty. . Hall. First base on er
rors—Oakland 1. Los Angeles 6. First base on
called balls— Los Angeles 2. Left on bases —
Oakland 6. Los Angeles 7. Struck out— By John
son 4 by Jones 2. Hit by pitcher— Spies. Dun
leavy, Householder. Double play— Dunleavy to
Hanson. Time of game— One hour and forty
flve minutes. Umpire — Lou Hardie. Official
scorer— Belcher.
Men Talk Back to Hardie and
Are Put Off the
Field.
Johnson Receives Hard
Drubbing From the
Southrons.
ANGELS CAPTURE
A LISTLESS GAME
FIERCE STRUGGLES ON THE FOOTBALL FIELD
STANFORD 0.
RELIANCE 0.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
BERKELEY 5.
OLYMPIC a
20
ADVEETISEMEirrS.
The Oldest and Best
' S. S. S. is a combination, of roots
and herbs of great curative powers,
and when taken into the circulation
searches out and removes all manner
of poisons from the blood, "without
the least shock or harm to the S3 r stern.
On the contrary, the general health
begins to improve from the first dose,
for S. S. S. is not onty a blood purifier,
but an excellent tonic, and strength-
ens and builds up the constitution
•while purging the blood of impuri-
ties. S. S. S. cures all diseases of a
blood poison origin. Cancer, Scrofula,
Rheumatism, Chronic Sores and
Ulcers, Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt
Rheum, Herpes and similar troubles,
and is an infallible cure and the only
antidote for that most horrible disease,
Contagious Blood Poison.
A record of nearly fifty years of
successful cures is a record to be proud
of. S. S. S. is more popular, today
than ever. It numbers its friends by
the thousands. Our medical corres-
pondence is larger than ever in the
listory of the medicine. Many write
to thank us for the great good S. S. S.
has done them, while others are seek-
ing advice about their cases. AH
letters receive prompt and careful
attention. Our physicians have made
a life-long study of Blood and Sltin Dis-
eases, and better understand such cases
than the ordinary practitioner who
makes a specialty of no one disease.
S^l dfa WC arC d ° ing g - feat
Hg&f partment, and invite
you to •write us if you have any blood
or skin trouble. We make no charge
whatever for this service.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA. GA. ,
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S 'great 6
iMUSEUEfl OF ANATOMY?
A Ch 1051 UilZlTET. bet. ei*:ti, S.r.Cil. i
\ Cjr Thc Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
B , J_ . World. Wnluena or any contracted A
V fSfZ &2* mtevK »K»«Ui»»-l;r r-arnd h]r the oldeit T
Q fjGj Q I bpeculist on the Co»su EiL 36 yeirs. IJ
Sfl«3E* fl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
f^iT-jS Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
J! HfficH T "«" n '- nt personally or b» letter. A. A
% ff ylM ?—**** Pure in erery case undertaken. T
F If lift Write for Hook. PHILOSOPHY of A
• If II * HIRBUCE. MAILED FKEE. (A.V
X Q !§• »*liiable book for men) \
V DR.. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St..S. F. f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
few ..STOMACH _ £» tl } e
BlTTPRS digestion,
7*« 1:1 £**** prevents
Constipation and 5H-
IousnesSeSteadiesthe
Nerves, Purifies the
Blood, and stimulates the
Liver and Kidneys.
» We urge you to try it. " .
•k-h- ***** ***'H-I«•H^^^\u25a0^^^\u25a0^^^.^\u25a0^.I\u25a0.^\u25a0H'***^^•^^^\u25a0l"^^I i 1 1 1 i-h.-h-h^H'
I THE TREATMENT f
1 THAT CURES \
I n- £P*&rii^£xm*f+* To mp n xv-no have nervous debilitv and »rp w<»ntr In -^«
V HH? «™JEin? t« K Se sur « essf ul specialists are noted for X
2 £S3# f makl "S strong, robust and perfect men out of phvslcal J-
1 PBr _— {^.-jg i Debility checking the early symptoms of KeVvous 31
* fill VM ?, R -^>, EY^ RS A, CC^ have be « n established twenty £
4. \*& ** X vears - /They treat diseases and weaknesses of T
% iSfes«^S» MEN ONLY - 5
T SjraKraF^lF 1 P er ", bers of th» staff are graduates from the be«.t *
T j^SSSf.'S r e f ' ln th t, worI d and had extensive > experience *
X A V A^rSskfiL 1 hospitals before taking up the Important work of the *
X If you have an embarrassing weakness or a contracted ailment «i,— 11
J. yourself in the hands of DR. MEYERS & CO. for ajeedy and peSnent relfef -
I DR. MEYERS & CO. GIVE MEN LASTING VIGOR f
T And Cure the Following Ai ments: HOME CURES— FREE BOOK X
* Special Diseases Physica Decay Thm , •-*\u25a0•\u25a0 , * I
£ Kidney Disease, j xervous Debility y eIr° U8 !? ds yo^ *£££? $£« iVTSin^SS ±
X Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness Z Tlte t0T our llttIe twenty-four page Book *
I Liver Diseases Despondency MATiON^Kno^d^ha^evY^' 3 ™Z OR '- ±
* Heart diseases General Debilitv 4 f™'^^^ t
T Spine Diseases _ Loss of Memory ° f or !^ S n ' ! Z M ,^ of more value thaS 4-
I btomach leases Blood Poison 5$ ta ,SHL" P ofk wiSffS^S^Sg t
J No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price '"wTTrm TriVe ' foiw?' 16 " 11114 +
1 DR, MEYERS & CO,, 731 I$$M I
V : : ; . Hours— 9 to 12, 1 to 4; Evenings. 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11. .":-' X*
************ *^-+*+^ ;. 1 1 M.H..HnrH"l"HfBIG FLEET OF COASTERS, GRAIN
VESSELS AND STEAMERS DEPARTS
THE HANDSOME XEW.BARKENT1XE KOKO HEAD NOW NEARING COMPLETION AT BOOLE & SON'S YARDS.
SHE WILL BE ADDED TO HIND, ROLPH & CO.'S FLEET AND W ILL RUN BETWEEN THIS COAST, AUS
TRALIA AND THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 5-Stmr City of
Rome, from Glasgow. ' . .-
Frau Hedwlg Heyl has started a cook
ing school for physicians in Berlin, ana
more than one hundred prominent men or
that profession from France. Russia,
Italy, as well as Germany, have taken
the course.
Alameda in Commission.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda went into commission, again yos
terday. Since her retirement last- Pcb-
is 240 feet long. 41 feet beam, 17 feet deep
and 1200 totis burden, folie is almost a sla
ter-ship to the Lahaina, built at the same
yards last year, excepting that fhe will
have bilge keels. ! These are expected to
keep her up when she is sailing on the
wind and also to save tSe sails from slat
ting.-..
The new- barkentine Is to be named ths
Koko Head and will prove a welcome ad
dition to the Hind-Rolph fleet. She will
be finished about December and will g\>
into commission about the first week in
January. \u25a0 - . \u25a0
ruary she has been completely over
hauled and remodeled. New boilers an<i
triple expansion engines have replaced
the old machinery and the interior from
steerage to forecastle has been renewed
and remodeled. Passengers who will SO
out on her next Saturday will hardly
recognize the Alameda. At 10 o cloc/«
this morning she will have an engineers
trial. The Risdon Iron. Works has sent
out a number of invitations and a spin
outside the heads is in order.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
I thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high anil low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes !ater than at Fort Point;
the height' of tide is the same at both places.
RIGHT OF TRANSIT . .-
IN EXCLUSION ACT
Purpose of Declaring the
Law.
Judge de Haven Appealed To for the
Messrs. Webb and Foulds argued before
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday the matter of habeas corpus on
behalf of Fok Yung Yo, a Chinese laborer,
who came hither in transit for San Jose
de Guatemala. Customs Collector S' at
ton refused to allow him the privilege of
transit and the court was asked to inter
pose.
- The counsel argued that the privilege of
transit across this country was guaran
teed to Chinese laborers by th° terms of
the treaty between the United States and
China under certain precautionary regu
lations to be adopted by the Government.
Their client came on the Nippon Maru
and asked permission to transfer to an
other vessel in-the bay of San Francisco
bound for San Jose de Guatemala, to
which place he had purchased a through
ticket in Hongkong. .
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning contended that the court had no
jurisdiction on habeas corpus to review
the decision of the Collector of the Port,
and that the proper remedy under the ex
clusion act was by appeal, a right which
the petitioner had not exhausted.
Judge de Haven remarked as a matter
of fact that the authorities had no right
to deny a Chinese laborer Ihe right of
transit from China by way of San Fran
cisco to Mexico simply because they sus
pected that he might steal into the United
States from Mexico.' *r*
The question as to the court's jurisdic
tion was taken under advisement.'
SUNDAY, OCTOBER C.
Sun risen g.-ca
Sun sots 5:48
Moon rises 0:23 a. \u25a0 m.
iTlme Time Time Time
Date] Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
L. W H W L, W II W
6... 0:19 0.1 7:2S 5.P 12:46 iT? 6:35 ~5~0
T .. 1:16 • 0.3 8:15 5.2 1:51 2.3 7:4fi s!o
8... 2:08 0.5 8:.*.C 5.." 2:44 1.8. S:50 5 0
9... 2:56 0.8 9:3C fi.5 3:31 1.4 9:47 5 0
10... 3:36 1.1 \u25a0 10:10! 5.5 4:12 1.0 10:39 4 3
11 ... 4:10 1.41 10:41 5.6| 4:51 O.S 11:291 51
12... 4:40 1.7| 11:12 5.6| 5:24 0.5 |
NOTE -In the above exposition of the tldea
tho early mornlnir tides are given in the left
han<5 column and the successive tid^s of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to tlmo* tb«4
fourth time column gives the last tide or the
day. except -when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The hpipriits triveh are in
addition to the Boundlnps on the ITnitPd. States
Coast Survey Chart?, racept when a minus < )
sipn precedes the hM;rht. '• nml thrn the number
plveu is subtracted -from the depth Riven by
the charts. The plann of reference la the mean
of the lower lorv waters*.
O'HARE ABDUCTION
CASE IS DISMISSED
Members of Jacques Pamily May
Also' Br Acquitted of Grand
Larceny Charge. ;
The cases, of Thomas G. Jacques and
Caroline E. Jacques, his wife, charged
with, the abduction of . the old man*. Jo
seph O'Hare. which have been pending for
gome months in Judge Cahanlss' court,
were dismissed yesterday. The Judge de
cided that the prosecution had utterly
failed to prove its case and he intimated
that he v;as of the .same opinion in re
gard to the charge of grand larceny pre
ferred against the two defendants and
their son, Thomas G. Jacques Jr., the evi
dence in both cases being the same. At
torney Cannon said he would consult with
the District Attorney, and the matter was
continued till Tuesday.- . ; <
Suits are now pending in the civil, courts
in which- the members of the Jacques
family appear as defendants arid the rela
tives of O'Hare as plaintiffs to- determine,
the conduct of the defendants. In dlspos-'
ing of the old man's money, amounting to
abcut $70,000. * '
Water Front Notes.
The German ship. Henrlette arrived
from Antwerp yesterday after a good run
of 126 days. She brings a 2500- ton cargo
of wire rods, sand, coke, oil, liquors,
cement, earthenware and glass. The
Henriette was formerly the British ship
Stratljearn. . " .
The steamship Zealandia goes to Mar
tinez to-morrow, where she will be laid
up.
Commander J. B. Milton of the Branch
Hydrographic Office has been ordered to
report for duty to Captain Sebree of the
Lighthouse Service -for duty. The latter
officer is soon to go East and then Com
mander Milton will succeed him..- -
Thieves are at worK along ... the front
again. An eighteen-foot boat -was stolen
from the schooner "Western Home, lying
at the foot of Third street, yesterday.
Captain J. W. Gray of the Shipowners'
and Merchants' Towboat Company and J.
Jensen, a well known ship owner, have
gone East to take In the Buffalo Expo-
The- Koemos '.liner Memphis Is loadlnaj
flour at South' Vallejo. To-morrow she
will come down- and dock at Lombard
street, where 1800 tons of general cargo
awaits her. «-/\u25a0••,
New Barkentine Building.
A" new four-masted ' barkentine ; for
Hind, Rolph & Co. is now nearlng'com
pletion at Bool« & \u25a0 Sons' shipyard. She
TO ARRIVE.'
Steamer. From. Due.
Argyll New York via Panama Oct. 6
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. C
Mandalay Coquille River Oct. t»
Mlneola.. Nanaimo i Oct. 6
Santa Barbara San Pedro Oct. «
Alliance Portland & Cobs Bay.. Oct. 7
Kvarven Portland Oct. 1
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Oct. 7
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 7
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct. 8
Edith Seattle Oct. 8
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports Oct. 8
Despatch San Pedro Oct. 8
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 8
Coptic China and Japan Oct. 8
S 0 "" 18 Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 3
Eureka... Humboldt Oct. 9
Mariposa Honolulu Oct. 9
CityofPuebla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 9
Titania Nanaimo *..%... Oct. 9
Santa Roea.... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 10
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct *1
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Sesostrls ... Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Columbia J Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 12
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. (Sails. Pier.
• • '\u25a0 October O: i \u25a0 •« . • • •
Newburg Grays Harbor j 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata.. Coos Bay & Pt OrfilO am Pier 13
Kureka Humbokit '...•'» am fur n
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pi<-rU
October T. • . : •\u25a0'
Santa Barb.. Humboldt ...: 2 pm Pier 2
rvuti Arena.. Point Arena...;.... 2 urn fier t
\u25a0 October 8." -.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Memphis Hamburg & Way. I Pier 27
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Pts 1Z m PMSS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports U am Pier 9
October 9.
Despatch Seattle & Falrhavn 5 pm Pier 3
Manda.ay.... Cocjuille River 5 pm Pier —
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9-'
Curacao Mexican Port3 10 am Pier 11
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier "
October 1O. "
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmjPier —
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portlandjll amlPler 24
Corona. ....... Redondo A W«v..l 3 nm'PUr II
Alliance Portland & C. Bay 5 pm Pier 3
October 11.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 12.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
' •• FROM SEATTLE. .
Steamer; From. I Due.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. lOct. 6
Queen Nome Oct 7
City of Seattle. SkaRuay & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Bertha Valdez and Kodlak Oct. 10
Al-ICI Skaguay & Way Port?. Oct. ]O
H«mboldt Skaguay & Way Port!". Oct. 13
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 15
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 5.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield, S3 hours from I
Seattle.
Ftmr Luella, MadEen, 50 hours from Re
dondc.
Stmr Newburg. Peterson, 4S hours from Port
Los Ar-e'.es.
Stmr Empire, Slacgenn, 52 hours from. Coos
Bey.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 16 hours from
Westrort. . . .
Sttiir Alcatraz, Carlson, 17 hours from Cleone.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscuji, 90 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen, 2? hours from Eu
reka.
Ger ship Henrietta, Welnberg, 126 daj's from
Antwerp.
Bark Harvester, "Wickberg, 10 days- from
t'yak. .,:.-"• i
Schr Fortuna. Olsson, 6 days from. Eureka.
Schr Pearl. Hollowell, 21 days from Un
alaska. . ',
Schr Expansion, Larsen, 9 days from Ta- .
coma. . • ' .
CLEARED. .
Saturday, October 5. ;
Stmr P*rn, PiHsbury. Honekongr and Yoko
hama, via Hfcnclulu; Pacific Mall St> Co. . . - !
Schr Helene, ' Christiansen, Honolulu; J D'
Spreckels & Bros Co. •
Schr Czarina. Wallstedt. Unga: .McCollam
Fishing and Trading Co.
Schr Maggie C Rues. 6jo, Honolulu, via Men
docino; C A Hooper & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, October 5. '
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Willapa Harbor.
Etmr Gualala, Genereaux. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Peru. Pill6bury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, vt?. Honolulu.
Stinr Luella, Madsen. . t .
Btmr No>"o, Johnson, Eureka. ,
Stmr Coob Bay. Nicholson, Southern Coast.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, for Crescent City.
Ship Columbia. Mattson. Port Townsend.
Ship Chan E Moody. Rasmussen, Tacoma.
Ship Spartan. Polite, Seattle.
Fr bark Cambronne, Le Gloahee, Queenstown.
Bark Highland Lteht. Gillespie. Tacoma.
Bktn Quickstep. Hansen, Port Townsend.
Schr Ja8 A Garfleld. Ristlno. Coos Bay.
Schr Jas A Campbell. Smith. Port Blakeley.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Coquille River.
Schr Confianza, Jacobsen, .
Schr S Danielson, Nelson, Siuslaw, In tow o£
Etmr Luella.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct. 5—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind weet; velocity, 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
July 29. lat 47.06 S, Ion 60.37 W— Br ship Sir
Robert Fernle, from Xewcastle, England, for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 4— Schr Transit, hence
Sept 2S; schr' Minnie' A Caine. hence Sept 24.
Sailed — Bktn Mary Winkelman, fcr Adelaide;
I stmr Aberdeen, for Pan Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEA'D— Passed Oct 5— Stmr San
Mateo, from Port Los Angeles, for Nanaimo.
Arrived — Stmr Dolphin, from SkaRuay.
Sailed Oct 5— Bark Alex MeXelli. for Valpa
raiso; bktn C M Griffith, for San Francisco <
REDONDO— Sailed Oct 5— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, for San DieRO.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 5— Bark Tidal
Wave, for Port Los Angeles.
SA.V PEDRO— Arrived Oct 5— Schr Ida Mc-
Kay, from Eureka; schr Ruth E Godfrey, from
Ballard.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 5— Stmr Chico, for
San Diego.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 5— Stmrs Dolphin and
Farallon. from Ekauiay.
HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 5— Schr Oliver J Olson,
for Callao.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct &-Stmr Geo W Elder,
for San Francisco: schr Antelope, for San Fran
cisco. Arrived Oct i — Ger bark Werra, from
Honolulu.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived ,Oct 5— Stmr Del Norte,
from Redondo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COROXEL- Sailed Oct 1— Br stmr Imogen,
hence Auk 31. for St. Vincent; 2 — Br stmr Cyra
bellne, hence Aug 30, for St. Vincent.
GENOA— Sailed Oct 4— Ger stmr Herodot, for
San "Francisco.
GALWAT— Arrived Oct 1— Ger bark Marco
Polo, hence April 17.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 3— Ft bark Eugene
Fai-geline. for , and passed Holyhead Oct 4
PORT PIRIE— Sailed Oct 4— Br ehlp Drum
craig, for Newcastle, via Sydney.
ACAPL'LCO— Sailed Oct 4— Br stmr Arequipa,
for Sr.n Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. N S W— Arrived Oct 3— Schr
Susie M Plummer, from Cape Town.
CALLAO— Sailed Oct 4— Bark Carondelet, for
Port Gamble.
MANILA— Arrived Oct 4— Br stmr Lennox, i
hence S«rt 7. • .
' YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Tacoma,
from Tacoma.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived Oct 3— Br Btmr Buck
ingham, from Noyo.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MAICILA — Arrived Oct 5 — Stmr Lennox, from
San Francisco. *• :
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct, 5-Btmr Tacoma,
from Tacoma, for Hongkong. '• , ;
HONGKONG — Arrived previous to Oct E
Stmr Hongkong Maru, from San Francisco, via'
Honolulu and Yokohama.
MURORAN— Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Alberta, for
Portland. Or.; stmr Maria, for Victoria,
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 5— 8tmr Celtic,
from Liverpool, for New York.
ANTWERP- Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Kensington,
for Mew York.
LIVERPOOL— Balled Oct 5— Stmr Lucania, for
New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Get 5— Stmr St. Louis,
from Southampton, for New. York.
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr La Bretagne, for
New York. \u25a0"\u25a0 • *\u25a0%-:
BREMEN— Sailed Oct 5— Stmr . Koenigtn
Luite. for New York, via Cherbourg.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Mesaba, for
London ;\u25a0 Btmr Rotterdam, for - Rotterdam, ' rla
Boulogne: stmr Phoenicia, for Hamburg; stmr
Campania, for Liverpool; stmr Trave, for Na
ples, etc.; stmr Minneapolis, for London; stmr
Ohio, fcr Glasgow; stmr Andes, for Cape Hay
tlen, etc.; 6tmr Alexandra, for Copenhagen,
etc.; stmr Pretoria, for Bermuda; stmr Chero
kee, for Dominican ports; • stmr Manln, for
Philadelphia.. Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool.
' YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct 6— Btmr
China, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, ' for
Hongkong; stmr Satsuma,' from New York. .via
Singapore, etc.; etmr Tosa Maru, from Seattle.
Shipping Intelligence.
Merchandise for tb.e Orient.
The steamer Peru sailed yesterday for China
»nd Japan with a general cargo valued at S1C5.
230, manifested and destined as follows: For
China. $101,478: Japan. S4G.424; Manila. $10,420;
East. In<iiea. $3S2C; Vladivostok. $2385; Korea,
$700. The principal exports w ere bb follows:
To China— 1770 Tbs abalone meat. 1076 lbs
bear.s, 742 cs canned goods, 15 cs S7C1 lbs cheese,
75* tbs codflsh, 200 ce <lry goods, 3S0 bales do
mestic*. 74 pkfs 175 IT>s dried fruit. 6 cs elec
trical supplies. 10.123 bble Hour. 5t« bxs fruit.
1121 pkgs groceries and provisioni?, 12 csks gin-
Feng, li cs hardware CIO fbs ham and bacon.
020J lbs hops, 1717 pirs lead. 2240 lbs lard. 63i2
Jt>s malt, 103 era r>otato«>s. 2000 15>a dried peas.
C2 pkes railroad material. 100 cs salmon. 17,429
lbs shrimps. 1119 eals wine.
To Japan— 54?3 V.>s abalon? meat, 39 era bi
cycles end sundries, 105* lbs bread, 1344 lbs
butter, SS cf canned koo<U," 300 bales cotton,
K5G lbs cereals. 57G Ths chocolate. 3 cs drujrs,
32 pkgs dry goods. 685 The dried fruit. 11 cs elec
trical supplies, Lli) T!is flour, 237 pkg« groceries
and provisions. 15 <-s hardware 20,5. r| 9 ft lum
ber, 1 cs 65 rolls leather, 24 pkgs machinery,
SO es 750 kers v.:ro nails, 20 bbls oak extract,
S cs rubber ccxls. Z> <-rs stoves. € cs soap. 20
cs salmon. Si. 025 T»>s> tan bark. 1750 gals wine.
To Manila — 65.S85 lbs malt, 5 cs rubber goods.
The Gl&mis will load wheat at Tacoma for
Eumpe-; the Budora, same voyage, chartered
prior to arrival; the Godiva, flour at Tacoma
fcr London; the Commerce, lumber on Puset
Sound for Callao, 45s: the Georsiana, lumber
at Eureka Jor Australia; the Lizzie Vance,
hay at this port for Honolulu.
2TEWS OF THE OCEAN".
Past Twenty-Four Hours.
Three grain lad^n vessels got away
Friday night and yesterday morning, two
more trill sail to-Jay, half a dozen are
nearly loaded and a score or more are
awaiting their turns Xo load. Of the three
already gone the British steamer Flint
shire took away the largest load. She
has aboard 105.629 centals cf barley, val
ued at $57,390, while the Norwegian ship
Lancing took away 7.1.240 centals of wheat
valued at J71.506. The Lancing was orig
inally a steamer, but some years ago
was turned Into a. sailing ship. She came
to this coast under the British flag, but
at the end cf her last voyage was soM
to Norwegian owners, who sent out Cap
tain Jchnson to take her homo.
The French bark Cambronne took
away D.",401 centals of barley valued at
J4S.S20, while the Britieh ship Aehnashle,
which sails to-day, has aboard S9.044 cen
tals of wheat valued at $89,440. The
Eteamer Royalist Is in the stream loaded
and will sail just as soon as she gets a
crew. The Chinese she brought fcera
from Hongliong would not go to England,
*o Captain Tierney had to ship a white
crew, and he cent the Mongols home oil
the Peru yesterday.
Three Ships Got Away During ttie
GKAIN- VESSELS DEPAKT.
sudden ending of the strike.
Among those that grot away were the
ships Charles E. Moody for Tacoma. sl~.'i>
Columbia for Port Townsend, ship Spar
tan for Seattle, barkentine Quickstep for
Port Townsend, schooner James A. Gar
ficld for Grays Harbor, schooner James
A. Campbell for Port Blakeley, schooners
Confianza and Corinthian for CoqulUe
River, bark Highland Light for Tac;/tna
and the steamers Rival for Willapa, Lu
ella for Mcndocino and Peru for the Ori
ent.
The Peru took away a very large gen
eral cargo and the following named cabin
passengers:
For Honolulu— H. B. Blandine. R. J. Bu
chanan. C. Edwards, J. Emmrluth. Mrs. J.
Kmmeluth. Master John Emmeluth. John
Hoffman. T. J. King and Mrs. C. P. Morse.
Yokohama— Louis Allart. Dr. A. Charmatz,
Htnry l^ewis, Mrs. Henry Le^'is and H. Zuck
echwerdt.
Shanghai— Mrs. F. A. Dotsch and 2Iiss E.
Tholl.
Hongkong— Mips J. M. Buchanan, A. G. Gor
don. Mrs. A. G. Gordnn, two children and
Mrrmat: Miss E. Hillhotise. W. J. Karnes. Miss
C. A. Kir.g-don. C Harry Shoemaker J. S.
Frr.ith, II. V. BUIvetL Mrs. It. V. Stilwell.
F. Schwarzkopf and H. C. Wells. .
To join at Honolulu— R. II. Hood, Mrs. R.
H. Hood. H. H. Nonh and J.-W. N'ortlu
A LARGE fleet of vessels got away
for coast ports and other points
yesterday. Nearly all of them
got quick dispatch, owing to the
50 erg potatoes, 11 cs arc lights, 662 lt>s ham;
109 es canned Broods, fi rolls leather, 1S4 rbs
hops. 22 cs shoes. 3100 lbs codfish, 32 bxs fruit;
4 cs hats, 4 cs harness.
To Eart Indies— 30 pkes groceries and pro
vl«lonf, 50 cs sa.'mon. 7W cs canned fruit, 261
cs salmon.
To Vladivostok — 2 pkgrs machinery. 9 cs lamps,
152 bdls pipe and fittings. 19.990 lbs dried fruit.
T*o Korea— 50 pkgs groceries and provisions,
32 pkgs household goods.
THE SAN;;FRANCISCO;,-CALL,;;SUNDAT;: OCTOBER 6, 1901.
Eight of the Wind-jammers Sail Through the Heads— Mail
Steamiship Departs for Honolulu and the Orient* -v
21
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
- OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- OF THE *
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1300, and for tho
yar ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Corrwnlssioner of the Stats of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $173,170 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 812,750 00
Cash in Banks 42.S76 23
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 4,725 OO
Premiums Jr» due Course of Collection 37,440 23
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 700 43
Total Assets tS71.6C2 81
LIABILITIES. "
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense v"Y\ •/\u25a0• 3 » 237 U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less. $172,440 9S; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 86, 820 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year. $101.7S3 52; rein-
surance pro rata 47.C89 94
All other liabilities 8.487 17
Total Liabilities .».. $147.085 01
INCOME. — -
Net cash actually received for Flr«
premium* $207,334 «
Eeceived for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from, all
other sources 13.031 93
Received for Rents 13,837 53
Total Income $210,163 SO
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $2,027 05. losses cf previous
years) $93,33173
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage « : 43,552 »
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 14,233 06
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes •. S.8SI 31
All other payments and expenditures. IS, 397 a
Total Expenditures $1S3,S1S 23
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year tlO1.7Sl-H
* Risks and: Premiums. JFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
Sr 1 ?! 1 ....^^...^ W.BUU V-K.IOTI
Net amount of Risks
ySr red .... d . U r!° e .... th .? 16,6=6.633 222.S30 53
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 19C0 20.453,923 274.224 50
" ' 8A1TUEL. R. WEED.
of "Weed & Kennedy. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23ta
day of February, gg^^ p^
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
4!6 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
C. F. MULUNS Manager
'weak: men!
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORA- \ffifSff4*S
TOR stops all losses In 24 r>IWV*J
hours. You. feel the improvement £>T™gS»
from the first dose. We have »o i*** «i
much Confidence in our treatment I I
that we offer five hundred reward Eg R^
for any case we cannot cure. This \u25a0 , . T^J
3 ecret remedy cures Emissions. M^ ir
Impotency. Varicocele. tionor-
rhoea Strictures. Gleet, Drains. - \u25a0\u25a0 _ '." "
U,7t Manhood and all other wasting effects i ot
self-abuse or excesses. Sent sealed,. $2 bottle;
3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Can
or address HALL'S MEDICAL LNbTITLTE.
S55 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. AUo for sale at
iO73H Market St.. 8. F. All prtvata disease*
quickly cured. Send for free book.
Weekly Call. $1 dop -Year
GBAPE-NXTTS.
A DETERMINED WOMAN.
Finally Found a Food That Cured Her
"When I first read of the remarkable ef-
fects of .Grape-Nuts food. I determined to
secure seme," says Mrs. C. W. Aldridge
of Salisbury, Mo. "At that time there was
none kept In this town, but my husband
ordered some from a Chicago traveler.
"I had been greatly afflicted with sud-
den attacks of cramps, nausea and vom-
iting. Tried all sorts of remedies and
physician?, but obtained only temporary
relief. As soon as I began to use the new
food the cramps disappeared and have
never reappeared.
"My old attacks of sick stomach were
a little Flower to yield, but by continuing
the food that trouble has disappeared en-
tirely. I am to-day perfectly well, can
eat anything: and everything I w^h, with-
out paying the penalty that I used to. We
could not. and would not., keep house
without Grai>e-NUt3.
"My husband was so delighted with the
benefits I received that he has been rec-
ommendJap Grar>e-Nuta to his customers
and has built up a very large trade on the
food. He fells them by the case to most
of the leading physicians of' the county,
who prescribe Grape-Nuts very generally.
There Is some satisfaction in usins: a
really scientifically prepared food." • I
You can see everything.
:that is worth seeing, in Lace Curtains, in the Drap- 1
ery Departrnent, .from a good curtain at $1.25' to hand made I
Arabians. Of. most interest are the new lines of medium-priced curtains jj
with all the novelty, and richness of pattern \u25a0 usually seen in the higher H
priced ones. The best and largest curtain line ever in San Francisco, a
Carpet Prices 1
Velvets — 75c / 1
Three patterns, selected \yith the intention that at least one. pattern shall |
harmonize with your furnishings. Good light in which to judge them. Q
Axminsters — 90c 1
" Four patterns of this home-brightening carpet. The favorite parlor carpet; j
ricli colors, thick high pile. We think you will like every one of them- 1
Body Brussels— 95c I
The carpet for service and general utility. . Where there are children it Is |
> the carpet that gives you the least trouble to care for. Four good patterns. ;
"ftfE : Credit House."* Six Stories High. |
233:235-237 ; t :^\lGQOds^rfcfdfa^^q^^ Pnvatl'Sang. |
|li||| /ls^^^^l^ rS?iT Bring this ad. with you and see if this is not the only store that j§j
lPill$fk \u25a0 &&\ .' -.-: '\u25a0\u25a0Jm$&* pr C8IDF VA5l'$fT O6T3IT THFM Tft AHFAIT& vv S
gljlljiptl j- ; • -^Mg oL aUHL Tl/IU i^L IUSjiiS, BHLfti uli j^aSLALr. JLC M
1$&J£$m^& \^ ' "' • ' -... ,'•'? • ,. "/^^M^w You'll be sure you're right when you see these S2.50 and S3. 50 CORSEIS /^* — :) jai
&JJJ bfflfKtfCr J *w:- \u25a0 >^^''^^^^^y ., "we are offering to-morrow for Sl.OO. It is a lucky purchase of ours from an over- / vA^w^?t j:^
iPiSrolii?i? t ''•'\u25a0'^<^^^$^^^^^^r stocked manufacturer. We bought them at rifty cents on the dollar and will dis- .^,'^J?/ i}' ?£
K^^'i^^^U wS^^'i^^abwte^^^^^&as^*^^'^ "'pose of taein the same way. They are all the newest Straight-Frcnt shapes, mado '*• \u25a0 3:
fe^F^ ' FSflM'TUF-' PI n PHIIMTQV ' ... B^A'JTiFlERS. A few of the manY of'erin^s in our new bias cut, hand°gored, ru3t-
111? •^'•nUSti I ntlLU ILL Willie " If .you are lonkins for anything new MUSLIM UNDERWEAR DEPARTMENT. proof front and side steels, lace 6^
Pl«* 5000 dC£t'!! Of • IRISH LINEN or. Stylish fOIHe to US. \u25a0 • T ,,_„„, r^r\-n~-\-a *. +Ti->rmor1 Ti^nfiincr rn-n tTivniiff'n F*&
r«33j HANDKERCHIEFS, for \u25a0 men arnl Just received a lars^ shipment of liADlbo , uUnfta *?1\ inuu»u, utoumg i u^i. tiiiuu-,.i fej^
Sr^i women. Bought at a sacrifice .frcrfl chifL'on .veils, in all the"newest shades, made of soft bleached »^ ,m£i with a satin ribbon, extra inside
&y* a manufacturer who \u25a0 was retiring embroidered -.or velvet dots. . Beauti- c g m fric, ne^^. ZOU jf^ e .* mM^. belt to prevent the corset from w
' Ladies' extra heavy- all-linen \\6m- \u25a0 < * • " finished with deep in- tyli-yfe/^ii stretching, also lined through- fc^
'EH ; S Ladi& StSntn^heer 1 :te^^l,^>'RAl|IY--S=ASOM -WILL SOOH BEJBlN. '"\u25a0 tJtafS^a^Oi^b™!*- ° Ut - Colors-Black, White and |
vt£? stitched, lOi* each. 4 ?\u25a0 '\u25a0' •-\u25a0 \u25a0. jf~*'v\. Fr°~rre row 'or ery. Matchless in value S/'ll it^rt Gray. The name cf ths corset is SjJ
E^fj; Men's all-linen, the kind that will f M\ WffJTFrt ' k'lRTS '• &^ this price OSc i''ll'!{f withheld according 1 to the con- £j$
\u25a0sSsj each ' t \u25a0 '\u25a0 '\u25a0' '- -^*: . \u25a0"' •/lS\' 1 \ \u25a0 Att'J hero's you/"' \u25a0 GOOD OFFERINGS FROM tract. But will tell you. this: &
I".. Don't be oneyf the -few Frisco, shop-. : k*jj|l^ made. His Toss. 0 luc^to |
pers who hive not bought some of our Ki'^tf^^^ri. '\u25a0„£># £ k ?; "j w5dfi insertion and finished with a buy a corset at this price . S1.00 fi
A^ °- c "" j^S^SSfll^a^ i9SS&i28S£8& SJfirSSSf^SSi Sale O'Farrell-street entrance. I
tnem Truin-i.ei,ers. . .> ... \u25a0_ \u25a0 .: \u25a0 \- cenzed Sateen, rn -t V nn moro thin w«» a«!k fn- thp \u25a1
: /ttA Si^O N3TEAD OF " \u25a0Kd^r?i?::L» ln SS B ? Q^^??S < S ' garment complete......: . v ...7»c Another from the same manufacturer. |
' '/l&S/\ *" J« J« : wouldn't be any too much. ' ' • ' ..rni/iurm u l3 the CYCLER'S CORSET- f
f^-W^r^ $3.00 ' '• \u25a0 ; • V/hen you see them you'll be glad \u25a0 • / NEGKWEARt > " Made of the best quality sateen, 1
I i * " l " ': .you rend this advertisement: at this ,_, , \u25a0 . vn^ rust-proof front and side steels, cut g
W-irim>>< -LADIES' GOLF- OR -price, 08c '\u25a0 Every day we are receivlnp NOV- away P hip S ; silk elastic sides. It was £
wiDt. TALKING S K I R T - \u25a0 \u25a0 .„„ „;,. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - ' ELTIES from the Eastern and Euro- originally designed for cyclists and g
. . ,Hfe; SfiSSSE «!# »g| COMFORT-MOTHER'S ; g^S^^S B^B 1
Wl» !• Inverted pleat, latest' • JQY ' ' DOWN COLLAR, made of. best qual- and those who are connn ed to sit- fe
Jfa }f/Jtt back, tallor-stitcheu'- \u25a0 __ T^ t, '• . lty washoble taffota, hemstitched, t , poslt ; ong or running machines. II
\u25a0 -CSiisyi seams-finished with g . DR DENTON'S' CHIL- (gte • finished wth a bow. in different com- Leading physicians recommend them. Eft
' ffl l\ rowa of \u25a0-^tailor-made : -fREN'S SLEEPING GAR- '\u25a0 «V 4 «/» .: blnSttions-whit* with a black bow, Manufacturer's price $15.00 a dozen. K
m fl stitchingr-perfect hang- - ; \u25a0••\u25a0MENTS— Made of superior /j>^f-^\ black with a white bow. pink with a t^T best for the least. Colors black E
«™ W4 IV in -^ beoauee they are •••- knit fabric— smooth and'-i ,'J^J black bow and many other combina- and erav SI OO »S
Mtfl §M. IU made that .'-way— come •soft to the skin and fin-' |'M .tions. Our first offering, and a enod "•"" b a - ' •\u25a0• « •
£/£$& <$K&&Z*Z%\ in a11 tlle nu w Oxford ished. -nith the improved 1 I' cne, too' J5Oc imi!<~v C»\/IMP >%» Slfe
lf'i*?f '<\u25a0 grays— Joe Rosenberg's .moccasin foot— also a. curt \ I '\u25a0 - •• • InUNCl'aAlifiO p'v^ m
mm .v.way of Belling j^l 50. that can be drawn over the I/ One more frcm ths same tfezarfment. u/OUCU DCM TUI5 /-®P i T. ra
li&l \u25a0 . ' hundsf Hnd will not pull fl / WUiintNi HtAU IRiOi ''S'SLJiF $3*
KKl Yullfi PMiUJPF in QCV? off^a Child can kick off .the l\ ( LADTES' PTOCK" COLLAR, made -_. T _ di(ls . WAIST? J&L^ Z%
KK* T'- l Un lj!iA<bt iU 5AVr. -blankets when -asleep with-' J JLU. ' \u25a0 "of th& best velvet, trimmed with dlf- £^ les uai a ± X^v^\ S
$$$i LADIES' WOOL COMBINATION out catching cold, as this is one of fprent shades of tucked satin. If we S?noih ot anv cloth tie- h \\\\>\ "^
K«3 SUITS, made of the. best all-wool the preventives indorsed by all lead- didn't make them up in great quan- farhahle collar new- Ik WvHI *v
KBffl'.' yarn, Swiss knitted. They are ths • ihg - physicians. Small size, 50c; tities -we'd never be able to sell them i=t sleeves* front and I f\ 11/77 SC
KJffig ' Oneir.n style: buttoned over the larg-e size, 7.">e at this price IOC r. u fr s trimmed with ! f \jhrA f^-»
Hafa shoulder, high neck, long sleeves, „.,„ m ptal buttons: I \ /^sa \ 9BI
H •"BHE'Su.ns YOU'LL BE PLEASED WITH THESE ONCE MORE, LADIES. St^SS wTT) i
F^v-n^t^t'nf 'OFFERINGS. 225 LADIES' AND GENTS' UM- blue, green and black. £| ' f
WB Cou5.*°gri e y ana white; get mor. ,^^^-^1*^ We bought 500 ggj^J- m f e d e f Vod^dfeen?^- SST^?' S.75 -B
m than even exchange for your money,. SS^fSuihSn Z^^A^rS^n^^isi"-. " N CE MORE I
* l ••>«>• f gi- rt v f. IM , V onq Up wn« also some silver trimmed: strong CNCE WIOK^. -
WsSi . ' h OCPT cDOll l«n«H fEFA-9& s *t ! & through show- and durable. The price is small, but Ladies' FLANNELETTE WAIST, g
Pf DREGT PRGM JhPAN. WiST li lnV them to the ualit - v tRe best - "«"5 C - made of the best imported Persian \
hKH '--\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Madf exnresslv fnr n« T ndipn* ' fe OS 4/ & othc- stores- striped flannelette, lined throughout, *
ffl jSL e S y mde\rth e La fi 1141 ratller thTn WINTER 6'-RHEHTS AT SUMMER ™* h *A^*^£%^v£J£ n & §
tp$J Jnpanese silk In different oombin.i- \2l% ?%«4 take them East ."Ifiltn U.-.niHLH I o hi wumi.*i-ii al?Q trlr nrRed cor^l Buttons on g
tions of colors, such as brown with l^hf^M^'^^i aml pay frel^ n t PRICES, £f ont f^I we T have R«
blue lining, t-hrimp pink with blue >^^M^iw/ on them he rr^ W ' t . , .. . . Oneof the s^ellest "a»sts ha^e £#
|W lining, black with lavender, black /WNS^W"" made a wonder- 325 PETTICOATS-Made of the best received this season. Rich in style gfe
VM. with red and many other combina- • " ful concession quality Daisy flannel. The yoke is and low in price «>> l.-,> g«
R-jSJ tione too numerous to mention; nice- to us. 'They are made of art denim made of soft bleached muslin, nn- Sale O'Farrell-street entrance.
Ksg ly quilted and wadded. They a«k and linen canvas and such designs ished with a. ten-inch flounce— colors, n
K$ in -the Celestial' quarters for their a* these are on them: holly berries, pink, blue and white. "He manufac- HfKIFRY 9
B*a inferior ones, $6 00; beauty in looks wild roses, pansies and American ture them ourselves. No middle huuiuiih «
K£S but a wonder In price, 84.-5. Beauties. . You'll never buy them man's profit; that's why we can sen Just rece ived, a larsre shipment o^
" asain at this low price me them so cheap -i.»e CHILDREN'S HOSIERY— a kind W^Jf
i MviKLniS. sW inC DOQCWRCCP 816 MARKET STREET, S|3sS S ifKp 1
m *\u25a0\u25a0 match; these at this- price, 25c. Mail Orders Solicited. PHELAN BU1LDI>.G. sizes l->ic/|
A33 VERTISEMEKTS.
Desperate Gas©
©ff Pales Glared.
Mrs. Wm. Kenmore, So. Omaha, writes:
"I suffered many many years with pro-
truding piles and, dared not risk, an op-
eration. My case became desperate. ' I
took Pyramid Pile Cure and In a short
time was entirely cured with no return of
the trouble." Sold by all druggists, 50
cents a box. -Book, ,\u25a0 Piles, Causes and
Cure," mailed free. Pyramid Drue Co.,
Marshall, Mich.DR. JORDAN TO ADDRESS
NIGHT SCHOOL STUDENTS
President of Stanford /University to
Meet Members of Young Men's
Christian Association.'
The students of the Night School for
Men, and other young men who may be
interested, will be addressed In the audi
torium of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation to-morow evening by President
David Starr Jordan on "The Importance
of an Educated Young Manhood."
A musical programme will precede the
speaker of tho evening, consisting of se
lections by Miss Kathryn Madden, "W. J.
Hynes and the association male quartet.
The increasing registration of the night
school is ample testimony to 'the useful
ness of the institution and the apprecia
tion with which it Is regarded by the
young men of the city. ,
A production of Palmer Cox's "The
Brownies in Fairyland," under the man
agement of Mrs. Mary Wilkins, was given
at the Alhambra Theater yesterday after
noon. The popular juvenile operetta was
well staged and well rendered. The chil
dren who presented the piece were fo»
the most part local talent, many of them
also having been members of the Fried
lander Brownie combination. Little Mel
ville Coakley as Cholly Boutonniere and
Ben Lerner in the role of Tutti, the organ
grinder, were exceptionally clever and
popular with the large audience of women
and children that patronized the show
The production has been improved upon
The stage effects are gorgeous. The grand
finale, a transformation scene, is well
worth seeing. The production will be
given again this afternoon, to-night, Mon
day night and Tuesday afternoon and
Tuesday night
Clever Production of the Operetta by
Local Children at the
Alhxunbra.
Forrest Lindsay, a four-j-ear-old boy
\u25a0whoee parents live at 1223 Montgomery
street, on Telegraph Hill, was instantly
killed yesterday afternoon by being: run
over by a dray belonging: to Levi &
Echussler, the team being: driven by J. M.
Gough, Special Policeman E. M. Cum
niings being on the Beat with him.
The accident happened at the Intersec
tion of Lombard and Vallejo streets, the
little fellow and Eddie and Charles Po
ceeto having- got upon the back end of
the flray unseen bv Gough and Cum
mings. While walking to the middle of
the vehicle Forrest lost his balance and
fell immediately in front of a hind wheel,
\u25a0w-hich passed over his head, crushing the
ekull and causing instant death. Both
men were arrested on a charge of man'
slaughter and released on 550 ball.
little Forrest Lindsay Loses His Lif a
While Stealing a Bide With
Playmates.
FOTJH-YEAB-0LD BOY
CRUSHED BY A DRAY
"BBOWNIES IN FAIRYLAND"
APPEARS HEBE ON"CE MORE
Trapper'« Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia
Dru* gist*. S0o flask. Richard & q©.. 406 Cl*y s •
Alleged Merchants' "Wives Arrested.
Four Chinese women, Lum Ha; Quay
Yip Lan, Chung Loy Ho and Lee Loy
Lung, who were arrested at 8^ Ross'al
ley last Friday evening by United States
Marshal Shine and posse on a charge of
being Illegally in the country, appeared
yesterday morning before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock and their
bonds were fixed at $2000 each. October
17, 18 and 19 were fixed as the dates for
the preliminary examinations. The wom
en claim to be wives of reputable mer
chants. "'\u25a0'•V.-i;
J. Lange of the firm of Levin, Ellis &
Co.. Jewelers, was united in , marriage
Wednesday evening, October 2, to Miss
Zona Chiles, a charming Sonoma County
belle. The wedding was solemnized at
the home of the bride's parents, <H)6 De
visadero street. The home was eleg-antly
decorated with blossoms and foliage for
the occasion. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. James Mitchell of St
Helena, Napa County. Rosso Westover of
the Sonoma Lumber Company acted as
best man, while Miss Freda Porkwltz
cousin of the groom, attended the bride '
The bride, who is well known through
out Sonoma County, and especially in
Santa Rosa, where she received her adu
cation and pased the greater part of her
life, was gowned in white and presented
a beautiful appearance. The groom is the
son of N. F. Lange, a retired capitalist.
After the ceremony the happy couple took
their departure for the southern part of
the State, where the honeymoon will be
spent. .' ' . . \u25a0
Lange-Chiles Wedding.
Frank P. Flint, formerly District Attor
ney of Los Angeles, is spending a few
days at the Grand. /
Dr. E. M. Culver, son-in-law of Senator
Clark of Montana, arrived here yester
day from Butte, accompanied by his wife
and six guests. They are staying at the
Palace. Dr. Culver travels in a private
car and is en route to Santa Monica, from
which place he goes to Chicago.
J. B. Lippincott, a member of the United
States Geological Survey, is a guest at
the Occidental. . — - - i 1 •
A. P. Stewart, traveling agent of the
Chicago and Alton Railroad, is at the Oc
cidental. . . ..' . • \u25a0 "
G. A. Carr, a London tailor, Is at the
Palace.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto,
is at the Lick.
C. C. Clark, a prominent mining man
of El Dorado, is at the Lick. -
William Nashburg, a merchant of
Marshiield, Or., is at the Lick. .
Judge Solon Holl of Sacramento is
among the arrivals at the Grand. •
E. M. Preston, a banker of Nevada City,
is spending a few days at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Engineers Express Sorrow.
:' Leland \u25a0 Stanford Division No. 283,
Brotherhod of Locomotive Engineers, has
adopted a series of resolutions deploring
the untimely death of the late President
McKinley. A call is made upon all or
ganizations to urge upon legislators, both
National and State, the enactment of such
legislation as will effectually stamp out
anarchism. The resolutions will be i for
warded to Mrs. McKinley, the United
States Senators and Congressmen.
"Sir!" Harry Westwood . Cooper, j. alias
Ernest Moore Chadwick, who, was'con
victed by a jury in Judge Lawlor*s court
on the charge of forgery for sending a
forged telegram to Miss Norlne Schneider,
the young girl he married, appeared for
sentence yesterday and the Ju'dge gave
him the extreme penalty,' ten years in San
Quentin. „.
When the case was called, Attorney
Murphy made the usual motion for a new
trial and arrest of Judgment, which was
denied. The Judge then asked the arch
swindler, bigamist, forger and ex-convlct
If he had anything to say and he had the
effrontery to ask that the Judge should
spare his feelings in referring to his prior
conviction and begged to be sent to Fol
som Penitentiary Instead of San Quentin.
After, sentence was pronounced Attor
ney Murphy asked for a stay of execution
for sixty days to enable him to prepare a
bill of exceptions for an appeal to the Su
preme Court, and It was granted. Cooper
will . be indicted for perjury in falsely
swearing at the trial before Judge Law
lor. It is not now proposed to indict him
on tlae charge of bigamy. _;,\u25a0•* •
The Popular Taste
And T how its Influence spreads Is strikingly
Indicated in tho widespread demand "by critical
ale drinkers for EVANS' ALE. Leading deal-
You Axe Asked to Come
To-morrow to the Boston, where the un
dersigned will sell the latest shades In all
wool suits and overcoats for men, worth
$20, each and every one of them, for $4 65
at 773 Market street, near Fourth. P. C.
Kelly, . assignee of the Lyceum Clothing
Company. , •
Captain Seymour has been asked to elu
cidate the mystery of the' disappearance
of'Joseph Hill, who came here from Ohio
recently with his invalid daughter Cora
for her health. They were stopping at
the Shasta House, 246' Third street., and
Thursday afternoon .Hill left ..the house
and has not been seen' since. - He Is 54
years of age, six feet tall and has light
hair, gray eyes and sandy, mustache. De
tective Coleman has been detailed on the
case. \u25a0 .
Joseph Hill Disappears.
Dimmick's Counsel Fighting.
' George r>. Collins, attorney for Walter
N.' Dimmick; filed an. affidavit yesterday
in the United ~ States District Court in
support of his motion to quash the Indict
ment againstr his client. The chief ground
of the motion Is that- the Grand Jurors
before finding the new Indictment, which
is virtually a correction of the old one,
did not take any evidence, thereby show
ing that they were biased against the de
fendant. '. .
Ever enterprising and to the front with
commercial values, Livingston Bros, be
gan months ago the gathering together
of a wonderfully rare and complete as
sortment of house furnishings. In this
sale will be found the choicest linens from
Germany and Ireland, while the blankets,
comforters and sheetings are from the
largest of American manufacturers. This
merchandise, although sold under regu
lar price, is of a high grade— not left-over
or shopworn goods, but new goods, opened
expressly for this sale. Livingston Bros,
have secured the liberal patronage of the
housewives of San Francisco because
they advertise goods for Bale which they
have on their shelves, and do not adver
tise goods they have not got. Their busi
ness is conducted in a manner calculated
to win and retain the confidence of the
trading public, so that it would be well
for the hotel-keepers, restaurant-keepers
and housekeepers to be present during
this unquestionably the greatest sale of
linens and bedding ever held In this city,
which commences Monday, October 7.
The Post-Street Merchants, Announce
an Important Sale.
LIVINGSTON BROS.,
Sentenced to Serve Ten
Years in .\u25a0San!"
Quentin. ; ; •
. "I:was walking along Washington street
on my way home, when Ling and- another
man named Yee Hingr opened flre on me
from across the street. As I fell they con
tinued ! shooting at me and did not • stop
until several white men appeared on the
scene. I saw Ling throw away his pistol
and run through Spofford alley. I was
aware .that a price had been set on my
head, but -I did not fear them, . as I
thought I would have a chance to defend
myself . in case, they attacked me."
Immediately after the shooting Herman
Brownen picked. up one of the pistols used
by the murderers. It is a 41 Colt's and
contained four exploded shells.
Up to. a late hour last night 'the other
man who participated in the shooting had
not been arrested.
To' an interpreter, the wounded f man-said:
bedside -of .his, victim' at th'o Receiving
Hospital : and positively identifled-;by him.
. -^- Two ; Men Did tlie' Khootingv ; ...
FORGER COOPER
IS GIVEN LIMIT
The directors "of the Merchants' Ex
change are: G. W. McNear, president: H.
Sherwood, vice president; A. Gerberdlng,
a F^ Allen » E - W..- Ferguson, E. E. Kahn
and George A. Newhall.
The commercial bodies adopting the
fcatmng resolutions in condemnation of
the Examiner previously alluded to rep
resent the entire vast commercial, indus
trial and shipping interests of this city
and port, together with the allied lumber
industry of the forest counties. In the
Merchants' Association are nearly all the
business houses of this city, wholesale
and retail. \u25a0 The Chamber of Commerce
represents, together with the Shipowners*
Association, the banks, the insurance
companies and the foreign and coastwise
commerce of the port. The Manufactur
ers and Producers' Association includes
the representatives of the factories and
also the larger capital invested in Cali
fornia agricultural and horticultural en
terprises. The Merchants' Exchange Is
the newly organized body, which Is on the
lines of the great exchanges of the com
mercial cities of the East, having for its
purpose the unification of the interests of
all the other exchanges in the city and
representing them all. The Produce Ex
change trades in agricultural products of
California. In the Board of Trade are all.
the wholesale houses of the city and also'
many of the larger retail houses. Collec
tively they represent about all the active
invested capital in San Francisco. .
Whereas, The dally Examiner of San Fran
cisco has, through its columns, for a long time
past been inciting class against class, thus
sowing seeds of discord among our people, tend
ing- eventually to create discontent, disorders,
riots and finally - leading to anarchism, all of
which are inimical to the best interests of
the State and nation; and
Whereas, The fomenting of such disorders
and strikes encourages the depraved and law
less, causing- anarchists to stop short of no
crime, even to the assassination of th« Presi
dent ot the United. States; therefore be it
Resolved. By the Merchants' Exchange, that
It strongly condemns the attitude of the said
Examiner, and that the said newspaper be
henceforth excluded from Its flies and that
It will not give any information to the repre
sentatives thereof.
Following in the footsteps 'of the other
commercial bodies of this city, the Mer
chants' Exchange yesterday passed a reso
lution condemning the Examiner, order
ing it excluded from its flies and instruct
ing employes not to give that paper any
items of news. This action had been con
templated for the last week. On.Thurs
day last, when the directors of the ex
change met, the matter was discussed at
length. Action was deferred, however,
until yesterday, when the secretary was
ordered to see that the Examiner was not
k^Pt on file and that the representatives
°f that paper be given no news.
The resolution adopted is similar to
those passed by, the various commercial
bodies of San Francisco. It is as follows:
follows:
General Young issued a general order
for the department yesterday that all
subordinate posts should hold drills in
military signaling twice weekly. In for
eign, service,- particularly \u25a0 in the Philip
pines, it has. been found. that members of
the Signal Corps are', not numerous
enough to accompany all troops on minor
expeditions. Necessity for knowledge of
wig-wagging among the men and officers
often arises and the War Department
"has officially advised all department com
manders to order drills in the. rudiments
of signaling". ....".;,.•.-.,-\u25a0-\u25a0 -> •
\u25a0': General" Young directs that the practice
shall be maintained until every troop,
battery and company in his command
shall have,: one officer and at least four
enlisted men- proficient in that branch of
military science. \
The board is made up of four of the
leading engineering experts in the ser
vice of the United States. They are to
meet at Honolulu as soon as possible and
proceed with the work of Investigation.
Before their return to Washington they
will also be called upon to make an in
spection of Honolulu harbor. Several
months at least will elapse before a re
port will be returned. The personnel of
the board is William H. *Heuer and
Charles E. L, B. Davis, lieutenant colo
nels of the Corps of Engineers, Major
AVilliam E. Birkhimer and Captain Adam
Slaker of the Artillery Corps.
Simultaneously the Secretary of War
has appointed another board to meet at
Manila and report upon the subject of
the defense of the Important harbors In
the Philippines. With. the batteries that
have recently been established on Correg-
Idor Island and covering every inch of
the narrow channel by which ships enter
Manila harbor Southern Luzon is safe,
but Aparri, Vigan, Dagupan, Iba and
Olangapo have still to be fortified on the
principal island. On the other islands,
Iloilo, Panay and Zamboanga, Mindanao,
should according to the strategists be de
fended also.
The officers named to serve on this
board are Major Clinton B. Sears and
Captain Henry Jervey of the Corps of
Engineers and Captain Albert Todd and
Captain William S. McNair of the Artil
lery Corps. • - .
News was received at army headquar
ters yesterday' that the Secretary of War
had appointed a board of officers to con
sider and report upon the feasibility of
the much-mooted project of fortifying
Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
Since the acquirement of the Philip
pines the leading strategists of the coun
try have constantly been calling atten
tion to the need of a proper naval sta
tion : at some . point in the Hawaiian
Islands, which could be a place of ren
dezvous for fleets in case of war. Hono
lulu can easily be defended, but cannot
be made invulnerable. A thorough in
vestigation of the harbors of the different
islands in the group has disclosed the
fact that Pearl Harbor is possessed of
every advantage as a rallying point for
men-of-war and that with proper de
fenses it would practically be impossible
for a hostile fleet to force an entrance.
Pearl Harbor has, however, at its en
trance great reefs of coral which are a
serious menace to shipping and which
could be removed only at enormous cost.
On this account there has been consider
able debate in official circles as to the
practicability of the proposed improve
ments. The naval authorities have, how
ever, been almost unanimous in further
ing the scheme and should the report of
the recently appointed board be favorable
the necessary Government appropriation
will be made and Pearl Harbor will be,
with the possible exception of Hongkong,
the strongest strategic point in Pacific
waters.
Further Defense of Ports in
Philippines Is Con
sidered.
About a week later Yo Sing was shot
and killed while walking along Jackson
street. An eye witness declared to the
police that he recognized the murderers
as two gun-fighters of the Suey Don Tong.
Determined to earn the blood money for
putting all three of the doomed men out
of the way the desperate highbinders last
evening lay in wait for Kitt and shot him
twice, once through the stomach and the
other time in the chest, the bullet that
made the latter wound penetrating the
left lung.
Ling was pointed out to Detectives
Dlnan and EM Gibson as being one of the
men who shot the cook, and they placed
him under arrest He was taken to the
Kill Their Second Victim-
With the killing of Yee Kitt last night
the three leading members of the Suey
Sing Society, on whose heads a* heavy
price was set, have been put out of the
way. Kitt was shot shortly after 7 o'clock
last evening while walking along Wash
ington street, near Spofford alley. He
died a short time afterward. How Ling,
president of the Suey Don Tong, was sub
sequently arrested and charged with the
crime.
; Several months ago Kitt, who was a
cook, and two other Chinamen, named
Yee Chung and Yo Sing, were marked by
the Suey Don Tong and a price of J300
each was set on their heads. Chung, a
few days later, was found dead in Ross
alley, his body riddled with bullets. Ling
was arrested on suspicion of having com
mitted the crime, but was afterward dis
charged for lack of evidence.
Secretary Ordered to Keep
It Off the Files for
All Time.
Action by Merchants'
Exchange Against
Examiner.
Yee Kitt Murdered by a
Pair of Hired Assas
sins.
Secretary of War Orders
Survey of Pearl
Harbor.
DECIDES TO BAR
YELLOW JOURNAL
MARKED CHINESE
SHOT TO DEATH
APPOINTS BOARD
OF STRATEGISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
22
EXPERT OPTICIAN".
Could be written attesting the super-
iority of Mayerle'B eye glasses. These
; glasses are dJstlnctlTe In their benefl-
cent effects upon weak eyes or poor
Tlslon. • .'-.:' '--••".*»'. '
Adjutant-General T. 0. Maitoller sari:
Mr. Mayerle-^Dear Sir: I am ranch
pleased with the glasses recelred from
yon. Not only do they render . the vis-
ion perfect, but they are restful to the
eyes. I do nst think it would bo pos-
sible to be tetter fitted than I hare
been at your hands. Verr truly yours.
\u25a0_\u25a0 .\u25a0..'\u25a0-\u25a0 * - T. C. ' MASTELLER.
. Headquarters ' Department Grand Army
... of the Kepublic, City Hall. Saa
• , • Francisco. \u25a0< -
. MAYEBLE'S GLASSES ' STRENGTHEN
• THB EYH_AND BRAIN.
CEHMAir ETEWATES, 60a.
GEORGE MAYERLE,
. • . Gexmaa Expert Optloiac, *
OTTRMAN OPTiCAX INSTITTTTE,
; r i Also graduate . of the American Col- '
- -leg-e of Ophthalmology. (Charter mem- :
.' ' bcr American Association of Opticians)
. 1071J4 MABKET STKEET.
\>-Oppoflltt -. Hlbernla Bank, . San . Fran-
V ----\u25a0\u25a0.^ . cUco, Cal. ~-.-X-- ..
AiyvTEBTISEBIENTSk
\u25a0 . . \u25a0 . t ' .
THIS MONTH WE WILL OFFER
1 to our customers the largest and
most complete stock of Fine House-
keeping Goods ever shown In San
Francisco. These goods are from
the best makers In Europe and the
United States, and as we huu direct
from the manufacturer we are in a
position to sell at yeru low prices.
The lines we willspeciallu show this
week are: Lace Curtains, Portieres,
Table Covers, Blankets, Tidies, Bed-
spreads, Toilet Sets, Tapestries, Plain
and Printed Denims, Towels, Table
Linens, Napkins, Crashes, Linen
Damask Sets, Glass Linens, Turkish
Towels, Made Sheets and Pillow
Cases. : :'
EXTRA SPECIAL.
6 eases Extra Large Turkish Towels,
both White and Unbleached;
$2.GODozen.
Regular price $3.50 dozen.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
We Have Manufactured
Vehicles Many Years,
And have reduced the business
to a science. You' need not take
our word for this, the Vehicles
speak for themselves.
RROS.f0MPANY
Market and Tenth Streets.
ROXBURY CAKPETS,
I OnI y 65c.
Sewed, lined and laid. We have full
lines of Smith's, Sanford's and other
tapestries at low figures — a large
line, also, of Velvets, Body Brussels
and Ingrains surprisingly low. Tur-
kish, Velvet, Brussels and Tapestry
Rugs, way down.- Linoleums and
Mattings, too. We furnish your
house completely.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated).
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth, Ban Francisco
W» clo»e atlp.nL every day but Saturday.
v^2o«jk^_ The rapid growth of this department of our
business has. encouraged us to make .unusual
/^^V^^r\' preparations for the coming fall and winter
k/vI'' mi) trade - Tne re sult of our efforts is an un-
\ \ 5t • f'/-/ " equaled display of stylish, ready-to-wear gar-
VWtf^rctf- ' ments at prices lower than ever quoted for
l^Vv k" goods of equal quality. ;.
\& A Kersev box coats, 27 inches in length, full
/|i:i \ box fr° nt and fitted brfck; made of fine quality
fnW \ material and lined with excellent satin in self-
•// -\ A col ors; colors black, blue, castor and tan-
Mi\ \ \ price • •
Jlf\ A\ $10.00.
7*J$ X V IlLsA. 1 Oxford gray box coats, 27 inches in length.
<€ rLJz Jtm * m e fro - m medlllm weight cloth, for early fall
wear « lmed with bIack satl ' n - We never of-
1= S*JLJ* 3gp*ff fered such a coat value for
2^^#^ $6.00.
Short street suits made from all- I An< c 1\Ia«,*«-^...i a.
wool chalk line suitings In navy blue L»OIlg WcWmQPKetS.
or black with fine hair line stripes, "\u25a0 ...
skirt and jacket beautifully tailored. Many of our customers have been
Prl °® eiD "r-r* •\u25a0\u25a0" waiting for these Ions, stylish gar-"
. : thlb.OU. . * ' ments and we are pleased to say that
Norfolk arid blouse suits In a hand- *T e win have a fin « showing in them
some variety shown for the first time f° r the first time this week In six
to-morrow; made from the- pretty .new styles In tan, castor and black
new fall materials, prices prices - v - aotul • U1U oiacK,
$15.00 to $35.00 a Suit $20.00 to $50.00.
&r:Secny:Standfrati^
PHI
|: ADVERTISEMENTS.
f-J-*&&&~^&^ \ Ot or a a -' not or a wee^> not or a montn .
,,&f '/W'h - not f° r a year; the trade we make is for keeps. The
I'illi .-"-"I v v \ k' nt * °f merchandise we build makes trade for keeps.
'f r \o & VQr'**' \ "^ ew s P ec ' a^ s f° r Monday, and 'all timely ones,
r^j»\\ i^^'lh wmt cr garments, made up of the smartest winter
t? Imp Stunning Winter Garment
iri-. ii'-nT^- 1 ' * s l^ e one we P^ cture opposite. It's cute, cunning,
srn '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0pCl ' '"'^ bright, winter-like, made just as it's pictured, in a
'>'/ i' 1 vM I '•' P^tty shade oi red, in an Oxford and in blue, with
/ '!' \'\ I its patent leather belt, and for it we're jroihg to quote
•iJ V i\»l an aw^ u^y ridiculous price. We- believe you'll rub
your eyes to see if it's right.
This coat is going to cost you Monday, if you have
-^< a little chap between the years of 2^ and 6,
%£^V\\ Nothing's So Smart as a
m '*//£ I For your chap if he's between the ages of 7 and 15
M {'jji 1 years, in several beautiful shades, and \ made and
W ///' I built as only artist tailors build their garments; a
i/k //I I coat that you can't touch under $7.50 anywhere else,
i/fa M j I and you know the yoke coat is the smart coat for
yfljl 'If. \ I this winter, and this coat reaches down to the little
1 ' ' 11 1 L ' fellow's ankles.
jMl S||| For it Monday we say
t Nothing: touches the little fellow so much as to
appear manly yet not sacrifice his youthful appear-
ance, and that is the kind of a suit we picture op-
posite, made from high-grade Scotches, in a pretty
winter shade, all-wool fabrics, a suit that you can't
buy ordinarily under $6.50, for chaps between -the-
ages of 9 and 16 years; the coat is built with
broad military shoulders, which gives it that smart
Special Monday at
TSEND FOR OUR °* COATS FOR BIG AND*
I CATALOGUE. LITTLE CHAPS.
8— ; S2 & 22
WtMCOWOBXWKD UNION SQUARE AvE.
tellNClI=»IINS FOR. OVERCOATS.
r' ILJI f i /7^TPI j
JJ Js
I our new shipments,
| \ I have a trim effect that
I \ Jx never been excelled,
jtgffi5?£\ 1$&%w£l^ anc^ cann °t be ap-
iSP' J^BBBsS&k. ie * atcst mater i a l s ar e
jy* < \LJ|ra^HwP^'' admirably adapted to
autumn sports and out-
door wear, and, in the y/ft
V^^^sNtwJ^W dressier models, to the |\ji\
||p\ i|-^fc cial functions. An un- WjXl'
N|\^ * J^jVj usually smart style per- fjy^
y\\ vades this season's v
f$\>. ' types of shoes. If you will V
»*» > *^> . pay us a call we will show ~Jp
Bfc, \ jp~ you a shoe in just the shapes '
{iv-^. V» v^ _j\ an^ ma terial you prefer, and
jig -^ jTitJ a tu " e better in quality than
j§g3g£ M& "^"1 you have ever seen in San . '
/O[£!KBg5*§§0** \^~ '^im Francisco before. HBBH^
It's . not at all difficult to 9
s«lect a new tailor-made suit I
or dress when you have the S
advice of experts. 3
Have you ever thought of I
black, the most quiet and re- u
fined and at the same time M
"dressy" color? Every woman H
can look well in a black suit, n
but it must be a GOOD 1
black— the kind that is car- I
ried exclusively by a
nO^!AR^tsT|
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL" .
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure ' and
luxury unlimited. Reserve
berths for this famous train
at 641 Market street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE• Continued on Page Twenty-Four.
Continued on Page Twenty-Four,
presiding Bishop of the Episcopal
church, who shall serve for three years,
will undoubtedly cause a prolonged
debate when it is referred back to the
house by the committee on constitution.
Interviews with some of the prominent
churchmen who are attending the con
vention show that there has been a grow
ing impression for some years that a
stronger and more inclusive oversight of
church. affairs and church discipline
should be had than, that which has ob
tained through the practice of making the
Bishop longest consecrated the presiding
Bishop of the church.
This, many are of the opinion, leaves too
much to the accident of age and places
the church in danger of having good men
in that exalted position whose advanced
years and delicate health prevented even
their attendance at the General
tion, to say nothing of the many extra
THE introduction of a resolution in
the House of Deputies yesterday
by Deputy Chase of Nebraska,
providing for the election of a
The selection Just made of a chairman by
the House of Bishops exactly fits the case.
Bishop Dudley of Kentucky- is not only a man
in his i very- prime, but his location is such
that were he, for instance, to be made presid
ing Bishop of the ' church J»e could reach out
duties that the exalted position involved.
Deputy Chase, when seen last evening,
dicussed the resolution he had ( presented
to the House cf Deputies. He said: - .
The accident of age carried with it the ac
cident of locality,- so that the presiding Bishop
of the church might be found resident In Flor
ida or Oregon, points remote from the .center
of church work and activity. It Is the opinion
of the men best informed in this convention,
with whom I have, discussed my resolution,
that the presiding Bishop should not only be
a man in the height of his bodily powers, but
one whose residence was in a diocese either
centrally located or , located near the seat of
the church's greatest point of influence, by
which, of course. Is understood the East. \u25a0 '
This last idea would find expression In the
manner in' which nearly all the church looks
upon certain Eastern .men as the ideal pri
mates. On the other hand, were less active or
aggressive men in these . Eastern sees the eye?
of Western men, . like myself.' would naturally
turn to our own section of the country.
In every direction where his attention was
called by the exigencies of discipline, manage
ment or spiritual oversight. He could be
promptly reached by mail and could personally
attend lunctions of importance. ,
LIMIT OF AGE IS NOT
GOOD FOB, ADVANCEMENT
Such a happy condition of affairs can only
be accomplished .>by making the office elective
This is the object of this resolution amending
the constitution, in which I have taken \u25a0 sug
gestions made on every side and put them into
a form that I trust will meet the approba
tion of a majority of both houses. There are
those who would favor an age limit instead of
an .annual election, the consensus of opinion
resting at the age of seventy, but a large
number fear that under such a law a presiding
Bishop might be had whose inability, to carry
on the office would be patent to all save him
self and the church stand still or suffer in
the Interim. '
To elect every three years, to a few minds,,
may take away- something from the dignity
of the office, but that it safeguards It is quite
fully agreed. \u25a0' -• ': \u25a0 "
If any fuller limitation is required it might
YESTERDAY morning's proceed- 1
ings of the House of Deputies of
the General Convention of the
Episcopal church produced a
flood of eloquence In the debates
•hat took place over proposed amend
ments to the constitution of the church.
Some of the most prominent clerical and
lay deputies delivered speeches for and
tgainst the proposition to allow Bishops
to exercise a spiritual watch over congre
gations that may not be in union with»the
Eniscopal church.
The amendment was a section of one
that distinctly denned the Book of Com
mon Prayer, the form and manner of or
dtining and consecrating Bishops, priests
ur.d deacons and the entire ritual to be
used by- the church on all occasions. Some .
<>f the speakers were in favor of enlarg-
1 '.g the scope of the Bishops, while others
fetrongly opposed the proposition, their
% r iews being directed at the ritualistic or
"higV* church element. The debate will
be ontlnued to-morrow morning, when
the House of Deputies will resume Its ses
sion. . •
Committees were appointed by the
House of Bishops and the House of Depu
ties to confer on the selection of the next
place of convention. A resolution., was
presented providing for the election of the
Presiding Bishop for a term of three
years, doing away with the present sys
tem of the Senior Bishop by order of con
secration presiding over the church.
The resolution was referred to a com
mittee and will be debated at length when
it is reported to the house. The House of
Bishops held a brief morning session, but
nothing of importance was reported as
haying been accomplished.
The House of Bishops convened again
In the afternoon and deliberated over sev
eral important matters. When the prel
ates finished their labors It was decided
to establish two new missionary 'districts
In the territories of the United States, one
for Porto Rico and the other for Vieque.
Resolution to Elect Presiding Bishop of the Church
Is Favored by Many of the Delegates.
Many Important Subjects Occupy
Convention on Fourth Day.
SCENES OUTSIDE OF. TRINITY CHURCH DURING PROGRESS OF BIG CONVENTION.
Rev. Dr. Foute of San Francisco pre
sented a communication from the local
reception committee to the effect that the
Bishops, their families, the deputies and
their families and guests of the conven
tion were invited to a' bay excursion next
I move. Mr. President, a reference to the
committee on constitution. I merely wish to
say that this resolution is not altogether my
own. but I have received very excellent ad
vice from different sources, the result of which
is the resolution Just presented to you.
The resolution was referred to the com
mittee on constitution.
Rev. Dr. Ashton of FlOrfda presented a
resolution providing for the omission of
the exhortation in certain places in the
morning prayers. This -was referred to
the committee on the prayer book.
Continuing, Deputy Chase said:
Deputy Chase of Nebraska then pre
sented the following important resolution
relating to the election : of a presiding
Bishop:
Resolved. That section 3 of article 1 of the
constitution be amended to read as follows:
3. The presiding Bishop of, the church shall
discharge such duties as may be prescribed by
the constitution and the canons of the Gen
eral conventions. He shall be nominated to
the House of Deputies by the House of Bishops,
from one of their number having jurisdiction
within the United States, and upon approval
by the House of Deputies he shall become and
remain the presiding Bishop of the church for
the term- of three years and until the next
session of the General Convention, when his
successor shall be elected in the same manner.
Mri Morgan of New York, Rev. Dr. McKay
Smith of 'Washington. Rev. Dr. Ross of
Georgia, John R. Triplett of Missouri and MOr
ris AV. Seymour of Connecticut.
The following telegram was read to the
house by Secretary Hutchins:
FRY'S CROSSING. Mass.; Oct. 5.— Rev.
Charles Hutcluns, General Convention, San
Francisco: Give my cordial thanks to the
House of Deputies for their very kind remem
brance of me by resolution. MORGAN-DIX.
Rev. Dr. Alsop of the committee on new
dioceses reported that the petition from
the diocese of Massachusetts that it be
divided into two dioceses be granted. The
report was adopted. -
Rev. .Dr. Bliss of Vermont asked that
the committee on Christian education be
allowed to sit with a similar committee of
the House, of Bishops. The request was
granted.
The delegation from Southern Florida
presented a resolution that delegates
from missionary districts be allowed to
vote in the House of Deputies when such
vote is not by orders. The resolution was
referred to the committee on constitution.
PROPOSES TO ELECT
A PBESIDING -BISHOP
Trinity Church, there was a
larcre attendance of the members, while
the galleries were crowded with ladies.
Sharp at 10 o'clock Chairman Lindsay
called the house to cider and the journal
of the previous day was read by the sec
retary and duly adopted.
The chairman then appointed the fol
lowing committee to confer with a simi
lar committee as to the place of meeting
for the convention of 11)04. in accordance
with the. resolution of J. Pierpont Morgan:
WHEN the House of Deputies of
the General Convention of the
Episcopal church resumed its
sessioli yesterday morning in
Saturday afternoon by the Southern Pa*
ciflc Railroad Company. The offer wa*
accepted.
• Deputy Ringwalt of Nebraska Intro
duced a resolution denouncing the lack of
good government in many cities and thd
countenancing: by the authorities of rica,
and gambling. The resolution was re-'
ferred to the proper committee.
THE HOUSE AMENDS
THE CONSTITUTION"
The amendments to the constitution
then became the order of the day and
Rev. Dr. Egar of New York presided over
the debate.
Dr. Egar moved that article 7 of th©
constitution be stricken out and that the
following: article be inserted In Its place:
No person shall be ordered priest or deacon
until he shall have been examined by the
Bishop and two priests and shall have ex
hibited such testimonials and other requisites
es the canons in that case provided may di
rect. No person shall be ordained and conse
crated Bishop, or ordered priest or deacon, un
less at the time, in the presence of the ordain,
ing Bishop or Bishops, he shall subscribe and
make the following declaration:
-I do believe the Holy Scriptures of the Old
and New Testaments to be the word of God,
and to aontaln all things necessary to salva
tion; and I do solemnly engage to conform to
the doctrine, discipline and worship of th?
Protestant Episcopal church In the United
States of America."
No person ordained by a foreign Bishop, or
by * a Bishop not in communion with this
church, shall be permitted to officiate as a
minister of this church until he shall hav»
complied with the canon or canons In that
case provided and also shall have subscribed
the aforesaid declaration.
A short debate followed on the proposed
amendment, which was carried when tha
roll was called. Amendment 11 to the,
constitution was. then presented by Dr.
Egar and adopted by a unanimous vote.
The amendment takes the place of article
VI in the constitution and is as follows:
The General Convention may. by canon, es
tablish a court for the trial of Bishops, which
shall be composed of Bishops only.
Presbyters and deacons shall be tried by a
court instituted by the convention of the dio
cese, or by the, ecclesiastical authority of the
missionary district in which they are canon
ically resident.
The Genera! Convention, In like manner, may
establish or may provide for the establishment
of courts of review of the determinations of
diocesan or other trial courts.
The court for the review of the determination
of the trial court, on the trial of a Bishop,
hhall be composed of Bishops only. '. \
; The General Convention, in like manner, may
fstablish an ultimate court of appeal, solely
i for the review of the determination of any
] court of review on questions of doctrine, faitti
| or worship.
I None but a Bishop shall pronounce sentence
of admonition, or of suspension, deposition or
degradation from the ministry, on any Bishop,
presbyter or deacon.
A sentence of suspension shall specify on
what terms or conditions and at what time
the suspension shall cease.
The principal change provided by the
above amendment is that it creates courts
of appeal and review, similar to the ec
clesiastical courts of the established
Church of England.
The presentation cf article XI as an
amendment to the constitution in place
of the present article' VIII gave rise to
the first prolonged debate of the conven
tion proceedings.
The article was divided into two »ec-
Eloquent Speeches Are Delivered
in House of Deputies.
PROPOSED CANON TO RECOGNIZE SOME FORMS OF WORSHIP
OTHER THAN THOSE OF EPISCOPAL CHURCH CAUSES DEBATE
Continued on Page Twenty-Four.
\u25a0\u2666»\u2666\u2666\u2666 #»*w»tf4*»»y«»*omm'»i»«
1 Pages 23 to 32 1
1 Pages 23 Wf |
&«***+* \u2666\u2666\u2666*\u2666• \u2666•\u2666*\u2666 « \u2666\u2666 \u2666*\u2666#\u2666•\u2666*\u2666#\u2666 9
:-> . ""* " .,-, - ...-""•,.... • . .. • \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 ,. \u25a0 ' . .,
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.It is very likely that separate Bishops
wiil be elected for each of these districts.
Massachusetts wJJl be divided into two
dioceses. A line will be drawn on the east
side of Worcester County, excepting the
town of Southborounh, and thus two dio
ceses made "where but one existed before
this convention. Boston, a part of the old
diocese, raised $100,000 for the new.
It was also agreed to change the djo
cese of Indiana, which is now the south
ern part of the State, to Indianapolis. .-,
A. committee was appointed to take in
the whole subject of candidates tor the
ministry. On the committee are the Bish
ops of Dallas, Southern Virginia, Tennes
see, Massachusetts and the coadjutor of
Southern Ohio.
The Bishops, will resume their session
to-morrow morning. On Tuesday the up
per and lower house will sit jointly as
the board of missions.
.The Daughters of. the Kin* began, their
Continued From Paga Twenty -Thrse.
MANY INIfOOtIT SUBJECTS,
Rev. Dr. McKimm moved that the de
bate go over until Monday morning. The
motion was carried and the house ad
journed until to-morrow morning.
Deputy Stetson of New York moved
that the session be extended until 2 p. m.,
which was defeated.
Rev. Mr. Egar moved that the vole on
this question be taken in ten mirtutes, and
that. those ten minutes be siven to the
Rev. Mr. Huntington to close the debate.
The motion of Dr. Egar was put to a vote
and lost.
We do not need it, because the Bishops have
that power. Then why not take this provision
of the'coiiEtJt^tion and amend it and make it
safe and Found? If the deputies will turn to
the journr.l of 13*8 they will see that the Rev.
Dr. Huntington offered a very earefully drawn
cmendment -to the constitution. K v« are
going to adopt such .in amendment lot us hive
one carefully drawn and not one drawn in a
hurry and -accept an amendment offered and
acted upon in ten minutes, as in the conven
tion of 1S?S.
I had the prtvilese of coming across the
continent with the Bishop of Fond du Lac.
who explained somewhat to me. to my great
benefit, the condition of his diocese. lie said.
I think, that 75 per cent of them were for
eigners, and that it was utterly impossible
for him to keep them under his spiritual direc
tion « he were to enforce the Book of Com
mon Prayer in all its' particulars.
He cited a French conpresatlon where he
told me he did not pretend to have common
prayer, but only, in its essentials. And he
went on to speak of the SwedUh people, the
Lutherans, for all of whom he h«.d to make
such provision es this candh would call for
Whether that will help the provision or not,
for which I mean to vote, I. do not know. I
thank the deputy from New York for assuring
this convention that there are Cishops acting
without this provision of tlie constitution
which answers the r>oint that we do not need
it. which has been made several tiaifts this
morning and which I made In 18-S.
iir. Saunders of Massachusetts revived
the question as to whether the word "ca
non" in the proposed amendment meant
a i anon of the general church, and dis
cussed the question at some length. He
was followed by Rev. D.r. Parks of New
York, who said:
GIVES THE VIEWS OF
RITUALISTIC BISHOP
done in various parts of the world by either
our own church or the Church of England.
Judge Stephens of Minnesota expressed
his views on the proposed amendment as
follows: *
It will be perceived that the first article of
paragraph 10 as adopted to-day differs radl-'
caily from the first article of the constitution
as it existed heretofore in this respect. The
provision now is this: "The book of common
prayer," etc.. "shall be in use in all the dio
ceses and missionary districts of this church."
In other words, no BUhop, no priest, no deacon
in any diocese or missionary district of this
church may use anythlns but the prayer book.
Voices: "No. no, no. "'
Judge Stephens expressed his views on
the question as follows:
I submit to your own construction of the
English language, and to my legal brethren,
as to -whether a change in the constitution Is
significant or not. That language is significant, \u25a0
which Eays that It shall be In use. It either
means that it shall be. in general use, or it
shall be used occasionally, or it shall be used
universally. I submit that the fair construc
tion of it is that It shall be In general use..,
I have the honor to represent. In a very
humble capacity, in part, the diocese which
was also represented by the gentleman who
proposed this amendment In the late conven-
. It has been stated, and I believe it thor
oughly, thatany "Bishop 1ti this chnrch has a
perfect right when a number of people In any
little village eay to him, "We are not ready
to use the prayer book, we are not ready to be
confirmed, we are not ready to receive the
holy communion .accordinc to your order, but
for some reason we would like to look up to
you as our spiritual father, we would like to
have you take a certain guidance of our devo
tions, we would like to have you send us a
little manual for our public worship, suitable
to our conditions and our needs," why that
Bishop can do it, and as a matter of course
he will.
MINNESOTA JUDGE IN
FAVOR OF EXTENSION
I find myself in sympathy with pretty much
everything' that has been said on bath sides
of this question; that is to say, I think we all
want to maintain the conservative character
of the -church, and I think we all want to show
any people outside of the church who desire
what the church can give them, that we will
give them what they desire. But the admirable
exposition of the deputy from Rhode Island
left me asking the question, which I will at
tempt to make some answer to. What Is the
use of it?
advantage In tills country chiefly because of
its conservatism, and our church. If it only
can realize the situation, will stand upon that
basis upon which it has always stood from
the beginning of its history as a national
church. The church in the" United States of
America to-day Is sought by large numbers of
people but so far as I know it Is not sought
by anv considerable number of people in the
way proposed.
If you will look back into the history of the
church you will discover that people have found
the Episcopate from the Prayer Book and not
the Prayer Book from the Episcopate. And
when we are confronted as we are to-day with
instability and when the spirit of change gets
Into the church Itself It is well for us to
pause and consider whether we are doing well
to admit into the constitution of the church
such a provision as this which is proposed
by the reverend deputy from New York and
amended by one who has departed, from this
world. The church In the United States has
a unique opportunity and ousht not to deal
with questions purely upon an academic basis.
I do not believe' for a moment that the reverend
deputy from New York would Introduce any
question into this houte for the sake of change.
I deeply regret that the spirit of change
should take hold upon the minds of the Bishops
and priests of the church, and that the great
conservative and sound body of th<» laity should
be included In this spirit of change. I trust
that until we are confronted with some greater
necessity than we are to-day we shall not vote
for the passage of this airier.dment. .
Regarding the proposed amendments
Rev. Dr. Mann of West Virginia said:
But the prayer book and the canons are quite
sufficient as they are, and there is plenty of
flexibility, and we need nothing more. In the
Church of England there is no cry for in
creased facilities In missionary work, and the
Church of England is more ironbound than
we are in the use 'of Its prayer book. It Is
not found that the • prayer book has been a
hindrance to the great \u25a0 work which has been
Rev. Rr. Carey was followed by Rev.
Dr. Oberly of New Jersey, who said' In
part:
The .passage of this amendment to the con
stitution seems entirely unnecessary so far as
.missionary work is concerned.' AVe have all
the liberty and all the flexibility provided at
present which is necessary for missionary
work. . I speak not theoretically, because 1
have had the opportunity of putting it into
practice myself, with the consent of more than
one Bishop under whom I have served. It Is
undoubtedly true that there are people to be
brought into .the church who are not acquaint
ed with the prayer book, with Its \u25a0 rubrics, or
who are prepared to use it. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0>• . "\u25a0
It seems to me that, on true principles of
the Holy Catholic Church— Catholic means uni
versal—that we are to bring Into our borders,
by any lawful means within our power, all the
nations of the earth. • !
NEW JERSEY DEPUTY
AGAINST THE ARTICLE
To-day you will find in the Orient one Ufe<l
In the Patriarchate of Jerusalem, and you
will find another u. c ed in the Patriarchate to
Constantinople, another in Kgypt In the -Cop
tic church; and yet thi?y arc all bound together
by one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one Gcwl
and Father.. So, in the church in the e.irly
stages, through tho Anglo-Saxon period, too,
there was great variety, and you know that
there was no conformity to one use until after
tho Norman conquest.
I should be very sorry, 'sir, to have this,
amendment, this addition, fail. We are looking
over the mere technicalities of the question.
Wo believe that we are a church authorized,
appointed and sent forth by our. Divine Lord,
to go into all the world, and to bring in all
nations. Let us for a moment look at this
matter and see . whether it is dangerous,
whether we have any precedents. What Is the
proposition?*
It ia proiibsed that while people. who % may
wish to come within our borders and become
loyal sons of the church are In process of
education, it is proposed to give them a serv
ice which will lead them up to the mountain
tops, so they will have the greater outlook
when they are educated, and have full bene
fits of those who have been born and rtared
in the church, and who are devotc-d to our
grand old liturgy and prayer book. For a mo
ment, brethren, consider that It was the cus
tom of the church In the earliest ages to. havu
variety. Why, wo have four gospels. We
had In the early church as many as fifty dif
ferent liturgies, wliich were used among tho
different nations.
Rev. Dr. Carey of Albany made a strong
plea In favor of the amendment. In part
he said:
tion. Dr. Prouty. Wejiave conferred with him
upon this subject, and I believe I speak his
sentiments when I say that the Minnesotar
diocese, bs we know it, has 300,000 Scandi
navians who ' are reaching forward to the
church, -whose mission, as I_ understand, is not
to keep up the bars nor to close doors, but to
go out Into all the world, and I say if you
are wllllnp to encourage those to come into
the church you will adopt this amendment to
tho constitution.
What is Its purpose? Why, here Is the old
father and the old mother who understand
their vernacular, they are deeply attached to
it, and yet they are willing to go under the
supervision of a Bishop,^ and here are their
children coming to manhood and womanhood
who will come Into full communion with the
church.. I trust you will adept that amend
ment.
REV. SB. CABEY FAVORS
PROPOSAL TO AMEND
CHURCH OF ADVENT: Morning— The Rt. Rev.
Osl VV. Wliltaker, D.D., Bishop of Pennsylvania.
Evening; The Rt. Rev. Charles C. Grnfton, S. T.
D., Bishop of Fond du Lac. .
CATHEDRAL MISSION OF GOOD SA3IARITAN:
Morning- Rev. AV. R. Iluntlnieton, Rector of
Grace Chnrch, N. Y. Kveninsr Rev. T. H. Hop
kins, Rector of Chnrch of Epiphany, Chicago.
GRACE CHURCH: Morning — The Rt. Rev.
Henry C. Potter, D.D., Bishop of Now York.
EvenliiK- — The Rt. Rev. T. U. Dudley. D.D., Bishop
of Kentucky.
ST. JOHN'S: Morning — The Rt. Rev. "William
Lawrence, D.D., Bishop of Masaachnsettft.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION: 3 p. m.
Bishop Potter of New York. .
ST. LUKE'S: Morning — The Rt. Rev. T. V. Dad
ley, D.D., Ilishop of Kentucky. Evening— Rev. D.
II. Greer, D.D., Rector of St. Bartholomew's, New
York.
ST. MARY THE VIRGIN: Morning — The Rt. Rev.
Reginald H. Welter Jrt, D.D., Diahop Coadjntor of
Fond da Lac. ...
ST. PAUL'S t" Morning—The Rt. Rev. Isaac L.
XicholKon, D.D., Diahop of Milwaukee.
ST. PETER'S » Morning — The Rt. Rev. C. P. An
demon, D.D., Bishop Coadjutor, Chicaeo. Kven
ing The Rt. Rev. Thomas F. Gallor, D.O., Blahop
of Tennessee.
TRI.MTY: Morning — The Rt. Rev. Edffar Ja
cob, D.D., Lord Iilahop of Newcastle, England. 3t30
1». m. — Missionary rally of Sunday schools. 8sOO p.
m Triennial sermon before the Board of Mis
sions by the Rt. Rev, Frederick R. Graves, D.D.,
Bishop of Shanghai.
ST. STEPHEN'S: The new chancel of the chnrch
will be formally opened this • mornlnR by Bishop
Nichols. Bishop Tnttle of Missouri -will preach the
Kermon. In the evening: the Rt. Rev. Dr. Garrett,
Bishop of Dalian, will deliver the sermon.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD: Bishop Mills.
pnngli of Kansas Trill preach this mornlns at the
opening of the new chnpel.
MANY EPISCOPAL BISHOPS TO PREACH.
DISTINGUISHED CLERICAL DEPUTY READING THE CALL'S REPORT.
DEPUTIES DISCUSS
CHANGE OF CANONS
Men of Note Take Part in Debate as to Giving
Power to Bishops for Recognition of
Certain Forms of Worship..
1 Continued From Page Twenty-Three.
floor with the distinct statement and
understanding that it was to enable the
delegate from Central New York to
state In his conclusive way and with his
admirable sense of Justice the purport of
the amendment
LAY DEPUTY OPPOSES
POWES OF BISHOPS
Mr. Parker of Colorado next took up
the debate. In part he said:
I hardly wish to go Into any ornate sen
tences, as Dr. Huntington expressed It a few
moments ago, but I do feel as a layman that
this strikes Intrinsically at matters pertain
ing to the church which, as a ' layman, and
looking at the church as we should look at it,
I feel intensely about. The question, to my
mind. Is this: Are we to allow Bishops to have
such tremendous power?
If the Bishop of Fond du Lac can bave tre
mendous power in one direction and the Bishop
in another diocese can have power in another
direction, we are throwing aside the solidarity
of the church itself and giving a certain
amount of papacy to each diocese. I cannot
submit that to any Bishop, although It may
seem presumptuous in a layman to say so,
Again, as I look at the church, I turn to it
as my mother to teach me, and that I may
teach certain lessons to my children, and bring
them up in the fear and nurture and admon
ition of the Ix>rd, I do not ask that these, chil
dren Khali be allowed all kinds of doctrines.
Rev. Dr. Alsop of Long Island next
fpoke as follows:
Those of us who have had the privilege of
being members of several of the late conven
tions realize that this question has been very
thoroughly discussed in every possible light.
I imagine that it would be impossible to eug*
ge*t an objection 'which has not been made and
which hss not been more or less directly met.
The objection that was made and that pre
vailed at one convention was that the Bishops
could not possibly be trusted. We pride our
selves upon being an Episcopal church. We
iancy that the Biehops have wisdom, that they
have sincerity, that they are desirous
of the prosperity of the church and the win
ning of sculs to the head of the church; and
yet to every amendment and proposition of this
sort that is made it is objected that the Bishops
would probably allow some extreme and as
tounding i-.Gsition to be taken: that we should
have, on the one hand, the Iloman mass al
lowed, practically, or that we should have
some form of service that was too nearly al
lied to that of non-Epiecopal bodies. That ob
jection. 1 think, weighed so heavily with one
convention that by a very close vote the prin
ciple of thif> amendment was defeated. At the
last convention, however, a gentleman, who for
one or two conventions had been almcet the
chief antagonist of the measure, feeling the
force of the objections that then; were thoee
who feared that ths Bishops could not b«
trusted, devised cleverly \u25a0 a means by which
that objection should be entirely obviated, so
that the whole power in the matter should
not be left to the Bishops, but that the Gen
eral Convention should have its say and should
1n that way prevent any extreme position be
ing taken.
The Rev. Dr. Proudy, therefore, brought in
the amendment that a canon should be neces
sary to prescribe what liberty should be al
lowed. It was feit by the last convention that
that amendment so thoroughly met the objec
tion that with a vote overwhelmingly strong
this article was adopted as a part of the con
stitution. It seems to me, therefore, that we
are largely likely to go on threshing old straw,
and for my part I only wish that every new
member of this house had been present at the
two conventions before, so that they might have
heard vliat was to be paid and have had a
chance to voice their opinions. '\u25a0
Regarding this question Rev. Mr. Tay
lor of Los Angeles said:
As a member ' of the House - of Deputies,
which met three years ago In the city of Wash
ington. I had the great pleasure of voting for
this resolution, . and I believ* that it is in ac
cordance with the moving spirit of the church
that the Bishops should be given some liberty
and some privilege of bringing into the church
those whom they can possibly touch and lay
their hands upon.
I am not in favor of throwing away tho
gates and lowering the bars of the church
in order that sheep may stray away from us,
but I am heartily in favor of lowering the
bars and opening the gates that sheep may
come in to us. And I firmly believe that if
a Bishop at an extreme end of the church,
holding extreme doctrines, and another Bishop
at another extreme end of the church, hold-
Ing entirely different views of churchmanship,
should in their own way. and in their own
manner, and according to their own device,
be able to bring men into conformity with the
church and with the »aciaments of the church,
I should say, God speed them, and let them
do all they can to bring such persons into
the church.
JUDGE STINESS MAKES
. FAVORABLE ARGUMENT
Judge Stiness of Rhode Island next ad
dressed the house, saying:
It seems to me that the elements of this
proposed amendment are so simple and so
plain that there ought not to be any division
of opinion about them. The first of those ele
ments is that you have a congregation nnt In
union with this church; it Is a body outside of
it; secondly, that body denires to put Itself
under the spiritual oversight of a Bishop.
Can we have any objection to it? Is that let
ting- down the bars of the church In any way?
They say we are not churchmen, we have not
b«n accustomed to your forms cf worship; we
desire your spiritual oversight and guidance,
but for temporary use we ask for some liberty,
according to the needs and "the understanding
of this congregation as it now Is.
What is the harm in that? How can there
be any difficulty in that, moreover, when you
are providing that any Bishop may take that
oversight subject to the provisions of a canon
which you shall adopt, setting forth all th«
safeguards that you consider to be necessary?
I am as strict as my brother from Colorado
as to the doctrines that should be taught to
our children, and that none outside of the
church should be taught them. But how are
they to be taught those doctrines? He says
they "may not be satisfied with some of our
congregations'; they go to these outsiders as
though they were authorized; at once they go
to a- congregation not in union with this
church, they excommunicate themselves, and
if they have any such opportunity they can
Just as easily do it now ns they can after you
have got this canon. They are not letting
down the bars. It seems to me to be the
most conservative and at the same time the
most conciliatory legislation that this church
could porsibly put forth upon this subject.
DR. OLMSTEAD REGRETS
A SPIRIT OF CHANGE
Rev. Dr. Olmstead of Pennsylvania took
the floor at this point in the debate. In
part he said:
Our church has gained its present position of
tlons, the first of which was adopted with
, but little debate. The first section adopt
ed was as follows:
The Book of Common Prayer and administra
tion of the sacraments and other rites and cere
monies of the church, together with the Pealter
cr Psalms of David, the form and manner of
xnakine, ordaining and consecrating bishops,
pries ts and deacons, the form of consecration of
a church or chapel, the office of institution of
ministers, and articles of religion, as now es
tablished or hereaiter amended by the author
ity of this church, shall be in use in all the
dioceses and missionary districts of this church.
2v'o alteration thereof or addition thereto shall
be made unless the same shall be first proposed
in one triennial meeting of the general con
vention, and by a resolve thereof be sent within
clx months to the secretary of the convention of
every fliocese, to be made known to the dio
cesan convention at its next meeting, and be
edopted by the general convention at its next
succeeding triennial meeting by a majority of
the. whole number or bishops entitled to vote
in the House of Bishops, and by a majority
of the clerical and lay deputies of all the dlo
ceees entitled to representation in the House
-of Deputies voting by orders. Provided, how
ever, that the general convention at any meet
ing ehali have power to amend the tables of
lessons by a majority of the whole number of
bishops entitled to vote in the House of BUhops,
and by a majority of the clerical and lay dep
uties of til the dioceses entitled to representa
tion in the House of Deputies voting by orders.
The second section of article X, which
trovoked a long debate, which was still
in progress when the house adjourned,
follows:
But provision may be made by canon for the
temporary use of other forms and directories
cf worship by congregations not in union with
this church who are willUis to accept the spirit
ual oversight of the Bishop of the diocese or
missionary district.
An attempt to postpone any discussion
'on the second section of the amendment
"was defeated and Rev. Dr. Egar of Xew
"York was called upon to explain the sec
tion. In Dart he eaid:
In our vast country where there are about
70.000,000 of people. 65,000,000 of whom at least
are not familiar with the use of the Book of
Common Prayer, there must be many persons.
and there are many, I understand, who are
met with in missionary work, who are not.
fit for the use of the Hook of Common .Prayer.
I am trying to give you my understanding of
the purpose of this resolution as it was framed
t>y the movers. I think that they 'have th?
idea that it is going to be an almost hopeless
task to set our selves to convert these 70.
009,000 of people of the L'nited States to tho
use of the Book of Common Prayer as we are
used to it.
And, therefore, if we could get numbers of
people to accept the spiritual oversight and
advice of the Bishops themselves, we can trust
the Bishop of the diocere to give them a. form
and directory of worship which shall not be. so
far away in doctrine at least from the worship
of the prayer book that any reasonable person
would, not permit it in such cases.
Provision Is made by canon for the tem
porary use, until the congregation is edu
cated, little by little, of other forms and di
rectories o* worship, which, of course, would
be under the Juagment of the Bishop, and
\u25a0under the responsibility of the episcopate, by
congregations not in union with this church,
Trho cannot be in union because they are com
posed, perhaps, entirely of unbaptized people,
but who are nevertheless willing to put them
selves under the rpiritual oversight of the
Bishop of the diocese or mirsionary district.
It may very naturally be asEumed by
some that there will be no such congregations,
and it may be assumed by others that there
may be such congregations, and for that reason
I think it is at least permissible for the con
vention to express Its will with respect to this
provision.
KEV. DB. HXnsrTmGrTON'
STARTS DISCUSSION
In the debate that followed on the arti
cle the Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York
EaJd:
So far as I am concerned, and although I
have had no conference with any of my as
sociates in forming "th'.s* measure on the point.
I think I may speak also for them, we should
be perfectly willinie, after the succinct state
ment of the purport of this amendment by tho
clerical deputy from Central New York who.
\u25a0with such clearness and justice, has etated to
this house the purport of every amendment
that has thut far come before us. to come lit
once to a vote upon the amendment- There
eeems to be an impreeeion about that some of
the members of this houfe are burning with
a desire to oveiflow the house with oratory on
this subject. I believe t'.at to be a false im
pression and an erroneous rumor. We have
not speeches that have beon laid up In laven
der for three years which we have brought
ever from the But; not at all. Uut if there
1b to be discu&Fion we would like it to be a
full discussion, that both sides may be fairly
represented, and that there may be no artifi
cial check put upon the debate. Therefore,
vhile I sm perfectly wiilingr to go on with
the delrate, and wteh to h.ive the privilege of
closing it, yet if this house is so minded, I
tm entirely willing, and I am sure my friends
are — and I hope they are the great majority of
the houpe, judging by the vote on this question
three years ago— to zo at once to a decisive
\u25a0viote.
Rev. I>r. Hopkins of Chicago followed
Eev. Dr. Huntineton. He said:
I cannot believe, elr. that this house is ready
to come to a precipitate vote upon this most
Important, most radical, and most unusual leg
islation. I ask the attention of the house to
the proposed amtndmtnt: "Provision may be
made by canon." By whose canon?
The speaker was about to propose an
amendment to cover this objection, but
•was reminded that amendments were not
in order. He- then proceeded:
The canon of this convention, the canon of
some possible provincial portion of this church.
or the canon of come individual diocese? I
allso call attention to a vital lapse In the.
\u25a0wording of. this proposed smendment. It docs
not propose any safeguard that such canonical
legislation may not concern the sacraments of
this church.
I sincerely hope that no addition to the arti
cle will bo tolerated by tals house that will
ih the least degree make it possible by a canon
of this convention which may be changed at
any session of any meeting- of tie convention,
or for -the . undesignated canon of any diocese
in the convention, to allow any office of wor
ehip In \his church which may possibly include
the Roman mass or some denominational serv
ice, la our communion.
; Mr. Kuntington said that he yielded the
DAUGHTERS OF THE KING MEET IN NINTH ANNUAL GONVENTION
AND REPORTS OF WORK ACCOMPLISHED ARE READ AND ADOPTED
FAIR DELEGATES
WARMLY WELCOMED
Right Rev. W. Ford Nichols, D.D., Bishop
of California, Delivers an Able Sermon
to the Visiting Ladies.
THE ninth convention of the
Daughters of the King opened
yesterday morning In St. Luke's
Church. Members of the organ-
lzation crowded the sacred edi
fice and listened to a sermon by the Right
Rev. William Ford Nichols, D.D., Bishop
of California. Holy- communion was cele
brated by the distinguished prelate, who
was assisted by the Rev, Mr. Weeden.
The choir, composed of fair singers, ren
dered a number of beautiful hymns.
BISHOP NICHOLS
DELIVERS SEBMON
The Bishop's sermon was a description
of the Lord's Prayer, and he took for* hU
text "The Power and Glory of the King
dom." Bishop Nichols discussed tne
grayer by phrases and dwelt on the
eauty and significance of the words and
the lesson they taught. In part ho said:
One of the simple laws of our Prayer Book
Mission is that of penitence preceding praise.
It Is founded upon a natural Instinct of the
heart. ' When anything comes between the chiid
and the mother there is Borrow until there is
forgiveness, but whenever anything coroej be
tween God and ourselves there is no psac-a
until our sins have been forgiven. This is very
significantly broucht out in the Use of the
Lord's Prayer in this otlice that we have en
tered upon. We use that prayer twice, once
at the very beginning and at the end.
When you gather to your convention and
bring to it enthusiasm, hopes for the church
and the high and more extended development
of the Order of the Daughters of the King,
you come with the proper spirit. Christ lie-*
back of your organization— he's back of all
your chapter's interests and all that you hope
and do. It Is that unshakable voice that
finds a soul, which is the voice of Christ, which
finds its utterances !n praise.
Let then this description or the Lord's Prayer
be a lexson and comfort to you. I speak' tut
the noble Oaughters of the Kins of California
this morning. In voicing irom this place that
which you have already voiced in so many ways
by the kindly handclasp of the first meeting,
I speak to you to-day and welcome you to
California. We have prayed for y«ur cominK-
We have felt that the inspiration would b«
comforting t» us. It has brought friend to
friend and its individual associations, which
I am sure cur daughters will never forget.
We welcome you to friendship every one to
every one. We welcome you to such hospitality
that we are ab'e to offer and it in hoped by
our local committee that you may be a.ble to
Join in BOine of the provisions. The general
reception will be held next Wednesday even
ing and thouzh circumstances may make it
necessary for some of you to withdraw, some
will remain and I hope will take a trip around
ths bay, which event will be announced later
on. And so we hope that San Francisco may
be able to have the privilege of extending to
you the hospitality as in your way you are
able to accent. .
We welcome you as friends; we welcome you
as Daughters of the King. We welcom« you In
that fellowship \n which the Kingdom of Christ
Is with us.
CONVENTION OPENS FOB
ITS BEGUIAB BUSINESS
The convention was called to order by
Mrs. E. A. Bradley of New York, presi
dent of the order. She called for the sing
ing of the hymn. "Blest Be the Tie That
Binds," after which the delegates paid
the Lord'8 Prayer. The secretary. Miss
Elizabeth L. Ryerson of New York, sec
retary of the order, read a list of names
of those who departed this life during the
past year. A memorial service was then
held, after which Rev. Mr. Weeden led
the, congregation in prayer.
Mrs. Bradley then appointed the follow
ing committees:
Credentials— Mrs. Marsdon 'Wilson. San Fran
cisco; Miss Gall Harwood, Atlanta, Ga. , and
Mrs. Adam Dinwood, Bates, Md.
NominatlcnS'-Mrs. H. W. Seamon, El Paso,
Tex.; Miss Anna S. Gray. San Francisco; Mrs.
J. W. S. Peck, New Haven. Conn.; Miss Uer
nice Tripod, Georgia, and Mrs. J. M. Thomp
son, Minneapolis, Minn.
Rev. Mr. Weeden asked the Indulgence
sinth annual convention in St. Luke's
Church yesterday. Right Rev. W. F.
Nichols, Bishop of California, delivered
the sermon and welcomed the visitors.
Mrs. E. A. Bradley, president of the or
der, called the convention to prder. Re
ports of the council and local assemblies
were r«ad and adopted. Prayers were
said for the departed members.
TO ELECT PRESIDING BISHOP,
Continued From Page Twenty-Three.
of the convention to say a few words. Ha f
-aid it was a rule in the parish to ke?j> (
snence Tn the presence of the sanctuary. .
ThU request was made berau* e \u25a0 at th» «
sessions of the house of deputies in Trin
ity Church applause had greeted the clo s a
of eloquent speeches. . v . ,. v "
An adjournment was then taKen r 9 1
luncheon. A bountiful repast was serv H ,
in the basement of the church by mei :- -
bers of Faitnful Chapter of this city. Mi % I
M. D. Wilson, chairman of the hospit; .. i
ity committee, had charge or the ia r I
At 2 o'clock the convention reconvene <i. i
The rollcall showed the presence of mcr? j
than 100 delegates. Annual reports weS
then read by the secretary. At the con
clusion of their reading they wdra #
adopted. ~
PRESIDEJiTT REPOBTS ON
WORK OP THE . SOCIETY
In her address of welcome the president
said in part:
It gives me great pleasure to meet the Daus!;_
ters of the Pacific el!o[.a at thisi. our ninth an.
nual convention. The order has Increased ii
membership and in good works during the pa*t
year an'l has in every year since ltJ foundation.
Being an order whose object Is to »pre-t.l
Christ's kinsdom among; women and th»
strengthening of parish life, we have no im
port to make of the founding of homes n
charitable Institutions, but of the good wor<
of our chapters in aiding their rectors In th>
strengthening of parish life and In brin«ii :i ;
women to know that life without Christ ii
the huak without the grain.
If the Daughter only realizes that it is a
privilege to work for his sake no servic* would
be »oo great or too small for her to do foi
him Life In the main is covered by four
kinds of mental labor and physical work; ftr«t.
to know hew and why; second, to do: th:rl,
to direct others to <io; fourth, to Judge thi
efficiency.
Every Daughter should cultivate in IfcSneU
that Inestimable gltt of charity or love tha*
the Apostle tells .us la the greatest, for with, ur
It we ara nothing. It controls th« tongue, thw
heart and every action and in an onler nth
an the Daughters of the Klnff brings harm-r.v.
rest and peace. Daughters may cultivate soif
denial by the contn-tentious payment of .lues
and a systematic giving of pennies for the w rk
of the order. "Peter pen-?*" 13 sala to hav»
built Rome and if we lock at the great ar.a
good work* done by our Roman Cath. ;;•
brethren its truth we s?e verified. The op!»r
cannot be s-slalned unless we give as God
has directed us. Prayers and alma go tcgeth r.
EEFORTS FBOKT THE
LOCAL ASSEMBLIES
The secretary In her report told of tha
splendid work done by the Daughters of
the Kinjr during the past year. The re
port of the treasurer showed that the or
ganization was in a flourishing condition
and had $26 75 on hand after expending
many hundred dollars. During: the pasc
year {2522 4t> has been received for initia
tion fees, dues and sale of handbooks, sil
ver crosses, constitutions, transfer eanls,
etc. That $2513 37 was expended for rental,
office expenses, printing, stationery, eic. ><
Reports were next read by the follow
ing delegates frcm the various local aa-
Bemblles:
Mrs. J. W. S. Peck. New Haven, Conn.: Mia3
Gail Howard. Chicago; Mrs. Hel«n Coomb*"»,
Sea Cliff • Long Island; Mrs. E. W. "Worthin;
ton. Cleveland: Miss Sara A. Oliver, Baltimore;
Miss Marion Weston, FaUbault. Minn.: Mr.-..
E R Leonhard. Paterson, N. J. ; Miss E. I.
Ryerson. New York City: Mrs. V?. W. M \u25a0-
Candlesa. Pitt»burjy. Pa.: Mrs. Marsdcn Wilson.
San Francisco: Mrs. Mary C. Davenport. Well
ington: Mrs. J. M. Francis, Indlin^polis; Miss
M. Whits, Loa Angeles; Dr. Mary Fl?tr)ipr.
Aiameda; Blrs. Marion Ardlpy. lieFkeley: ill.-*
Josephine H. Fisher. Hay wards; M!«3 Ann* ft
Gray. Mrs. Louis Chase and Mrs. L. C. Abbott.
San Francisco.
Mrs. Monteagle of St. Luke's Chapter
of this city invlted-the Daughters of fh.e
King to attend a reception in their honor
at her residence, 2516 Pacific avenue, be
tween 4 and 6 p. rn.
An adjournment was then taken until
this morning.
every clerjryman has as deep a concern ani
cornea really in closer touch in some mat'?r»
than the pood Bishops themselves.' We canrwt
propose the name of the candidate, neither can
we change It, but only, as in the case of ir.is-
Eionary Kishops. ratify or reject.
All parties seem to be united in this upwari
movement in church government. It seems im
possible to discuss church matters to-day with
out bringing in the ritualists and so I mUhti
add that, although their chances are as »?oo«li
a» any party's for bri/isinar in to the heaJ o£\
the church cne of their own Bishops by the ac
cident of seniority, they are quite disposed to
favor election as giving them "also a hand ia
saying whom they prefer.
Mr. Chase was asked concerning tha
suggestion made that the word "Primate"
or 'Archbishop" be used in place of
'Presiding Bishop," but declared himself
quite against the use of any such appWa.
tlor.s, and added that he thought the con
vention was in no mood at present for the
adoption of such a term.
Head Consul Comingf.
W. A. Korthcott of Greenville. 111..
Lieutenant Governor of that State, presi
dent of the Statf Senate and head consul
of the Modern Woodmen of America, will
visit this city in company with Major C.
W. Hawes, head clerk; Dr. F. W. Bassett.
head physician; D. I. Thornton, Stat>
deputy, and Mary Fay Hawea, chairm »a
of the supremo board of the Royal Neigh
bors of Woodcraft, for the purposes of tle
iiverlns addresses on Woodcraft at a
meeting to be held on the 11th inst. in th.t
Alcazar- buildins. The head consul will
apeak on "Capital and Labor" and "Our
Duty to Our Home." Mrs. Hawes will
speak on "Women's Duty in the Horna
ana in Fraternal Societies."
be one which would prevent more than one re
election, a. rule the excellent working of which
is fwn in the case of the chairman of the
Kouko of BIshons. Bishop Doane bavin? Ju*t
served his second term becomes ineligible and
is succeeded by Bishop Dudley. The resolution
may. perhaps, be so amended by the committee
on' the constitution, to which It has been re
ferred and handed back to the house.
PBELATES MAY UOT BE
OPPOSED TO ELECTION"
Kow as to the Attitude of th« House of
Bishops on this proposition. I am advised from
many 3ourcea that they will never adopt an
amendment which provides for any share In the
election of a presiding BUhop by the House of
Deputies. I am not s%> sure about that.
But we are not under ttiis amendment to
elect a presiding officer of the House of Bish
ops, but a presiding Bishop over the whole
church (a- shepherd for the entire flock). In
whom and In whose work every layman and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
24
i^W^m '\u25a0 ' y^y^3r three pat- I
ilBfffi y$^ft^i^ilir/ \u25a0 terns, t E
WwL^^WW^^ lined and 1
Uim^^0^ per yard, 30c I
f^K^^«%^^^ r=^/ We furnish homes, flats, |
Iis^ -3——^ - - -^ ;- ho'eis and rooming-houses 1
complete. We have all the latest designs in furni- 1
ture, carpets, curtains and draperies and will gladly 1
give you an estimate. T. BRfLLIANT I
Credit If you wi«h it, and rilDMITTIDD m M
free delivery in Oakland, Ala- T UKlNl 1 U AL LUu H
mrda and Berkeley. 338-342 POST STREET. H
We close at G except en SBturday. "."'. Opposite Union Square. H
gj ' The smartest little cape for a Ml 4^ *&jim3ttx*h
3 moderate price we've ever seen is »|f cUF* j^^P^P^ llfc
* pictured in this ad. It is of Bal- i gL^ v&.j^'^iii* ai
I gantly lined and perfect in every & L-i^^^^^^^^^^M
| 16 inches long. . .iftll.oO each*fP^=j§^^p*jg^ rf 1
I (On sale all this week.) U J i^^ /f| / B
% The name of H. Liebes & Co. ' It. $ I Jffl
\ ison every garment — a guarantee . / « J \ gs
I ANOTHER GOOD VALUE— vSTf" I'lJ I M
: We are showing an electric seal . ' lift i \ mjj
W ca P e .' w 'th a Persian lamb yoke. > M /*&
M 14-inch Spai2.r,O each i8-inch * 27.5O each f|
m[ i6-1nch $23.00 each 20-inch $30.00 each Bi
H • WX,^ 11 your aUt *ntion to our endless variety of Fox neckwear. This ffl
m is all the rage now In the East. Most reasonably priced. t§
fr * n # us vJ cur *_ na , rae and we'll send you. absolutely free, our beautiful Kf
H* 60-pasc fashion book and catalogue. Mali orders filled. Jg!
8155-157 Fo&t St..S.K I
wl Ths -Latest Exclusive Fur House in the World. JfVIVACIOUS LITTLE DAMSEL OF THE "FLORODORA" COMPANY
WHOSE CHIC WAYS AND PLEASING PERSONALITY HAVE MADE
HER A GREAT FAVORITE WITH COLUMBIA PATRONS.
Speech is silver, silence is golden— and
cheek Is brasa. "•-...
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.-Rear Admiral
Sampson is now in Washington. He ar
rived a few days ago and' has remained
at his residence on New Hampshire ave-
Admiral Sampson in Washington.
STOCKTON, Oct. 5.— In the Academic
League football ' game held here to-day
the Berkeley High School defeated the
Stockton High School by a score of 35 to
0. The local team will probably forfeit
the remaining eamea of the series. \u25a0
Academic League Football.
OAKLAND, Oct. 5.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Anthony M.- Marks,
34 years, and Elizabeth C. Augustus, .21
years, both of Oakland; Thomas L. Ing
ram, "21, San Francisco, and Minnie L.
Tupper, 20, San Jose; William R.Coyie,
25, and Josephine Bp^defeld, 18, both of
Sacramento ; Antonia E. Sllva, 23, and
Carrie Sifca, 19, both of- Oakland; Jerry S.
Caton, 2$. and Elvira Alniada, 23, both of
Castro Valley; Christian N. Silvai 24, and
Rosa V. Silveria, 3S, both of Pinole; Rob
ert W. Burns, 29. and Mattie E." Lunsden,
18, both of Big Oak Flat: Thomas Egan
Jr., 21, Altamont, and Mary E. Owens, 13,
Alameda. : . / ;
Licensed to Marry.
TACOMA. Oct. 5.— That Dawson is once
more on the eve of an epidemic of small
pox, such as that which ravaged the com
munity a year ago, seems probable. By
prompt measures and with commendable
energy the authorities have taken charge
of seven men and confined them in a tem
porary hospital at the mouth of Bonanza
Creek. At first but one case was . well
developed, the others having .been seri
ously exposed to Infection from him in
a trip down the river in a scow. Since
then six others have been attacked by
well marked svmptoms and is no
question that they have smallpox..
,. When the first case waa reported to the
authorities it was considered unwise to
alarm the public, as hopes were high that
the disease could be stamped out with but
a single case. As the others came down
publicity became inevitable, resulting in
a general scare.
DAWSON ON THE VERGE
OF SMALLPOX EPIDEMIC
Seven Victims of the Dread Disease
Are Confined it a Temporary
Hospital.
BARCELONA, Oct. 5.— Reports received
from Cape Cerbera say advices received
there from various points along the fron
tier show that the Carlist preparations
are nearly completed. They have ac
cumulated through smugglers 20,000 rifles
and uniforms have been made at Per
pignan, France, and brought into.Spain
at different places. Large supplfcs of
ammunition have been obtained from
Cuba and the Philippine Islands. The ris
ing is expected to commence at Berga
and at other points in the mountains
forming the Carlist center.
Booklets containing instructions in guer
rilla warfare are being distributed, and
men are being recruited from the refugees
and malcontents about the frontier. ; An
important meeting will j be held October
10, when two Carlist generals are expect
ed to attend with instructions from Don
Carlos. \u25a0 -. • .
Preparations Said to Be
Complete for an
Uprising.
. The output of the San Quentin jute
mills is limited, which made it necessary
to place a limit of 2000 upon the number
of sacks any farmer might procure.
Agefcts oi farmers in this county tried
to get bags from San Quentin early in the
season, but were unable to do so, being
informed that the output had been ex
hausted. They were somewhat surprised
to learn upon communicating- with San
Francisco dealers that San Quentin bags
could be procured in San Francisco in
50,000 lots, delivered on the steamers at
once.
**I am able to say to you now, after the
investigation of the alleged sack frauds,
that the Grand Jury of this county has
found that as far as this "county is con
cerned everything is as straight as a
string," said Mr. Ashley. "The greatest
orders came from Tulare, Salinas, Mon
terey, San Francisco and San Luis Obispo
counties, one firm alone in the latter
county procuring 1,000,000 sacks. It would
require oOO farmers to make affidavits for
that number of sacks. On the face of it
there evidently has been perjury commit
ted. It is probable that I will call the at
tention of the District Attorneys of the
counties mentioned to the facts in the
matter."
STOCKTON, Oct. 5.— As a result of the
Investigation made by the Grand Jury of
San Joaquin County, it has been devel
oped that no sacks for grain have
been obtained in this county from I San
Quentin by fraud. District Attorney Ash
ley of this county, who went over the
books of San Quentin Prison, has ob
tained facts and figures, however, indi
cating that grain sacks have been fraud
ulently procured from San Quentin in
Tulare, Salinas, San Luis Obispo, Mon r
terey and San Francisco counties.
This afternon the Woman's Foreign
Missionary Society concluded its work
and elected officers as follows:
President, Mrs. J. N. Kyle, Stockton;
first vice president, Mrs. C. N. Hawkins,
Holllster; second vice, president, Mrs. C.
D. Radcliffe, Merced; third vice president,
Mrs. William Winter, Holllster; recording
secretary, Mrs. O. L. Russell. Maxwell;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. P. F. Page,
Woodville; treasurer, Mrs. William Ac
ton, Lakeport; secretary San Francisco
district, Miss Nellie Stoy; secretary San
Joaquin district, Mrs. P. J. Ramsey; sec
retary of Colusa district, Mrs. J. E.
Squires. \u25a0 -
A resolution to start a contribution for
the purpose of endowing the Pacific Col
lege at Santa Rosa, with the alternative
of establishing a branch theological
school at Berkeley, wast the cause of a
spirited discussion. A motion to strike
out that part of the resolution with ref
erence to the building of a college at
Berkeley resulted in a .tie vote, and the
matter went over for future action.
• Bishop Duncan will address the men's
meeting at Y. M. C. A. Auditorium to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 o'clock, his sub
ject being "Modern Thought in Harmony
With Christianity." -.
The committee that to-day examined in
secret the complaint against Rev. Mr.
Green found him guilty and recommended
that he be unfrocked and dismissed from
the church consisted of R. F. Allen, pres
ident: W. E. Phillips, secretary; J. M.
Parker, I. F. Betts, H. W. Currln, W. A.
Boohr. R. F. Beasley, W. T. Goulder, P.
M. Stanton and A. Odom.
As a committee on the federation of the
evangelical churches Bishop W. W. Dun
can appointed J. C. Wooten, W. O. Wag
gener, I. F. Bctts, P. T. Ramsey and J.
E. Moore.
The followlngs transfers were made: E.
F. Wilson, from Columbia conference-; I.
Horn, from Mississippi conference; J. H.
Eads, from North Georgia conference; J.
W. Allen from Los Angeles conference.
The Rev. J. J. Kenney and the Rev. W.
E: Vaughn were named as delegates to
the General Conference of the Methodist
Episcopal Church South, which meets in
Dallas. Tex., next May. The Rev. J. Em
ery and the Rev. R. F. Allen were desig
nated as alternates.
The Rev. L. A. Green, formerly pastor
of the Methodist Episcopal Church South
at "VVheatland, was to-day unfrocked and
dismissed from membership in the church
by the conference of the Methodist Epis
copal Church South, now In session here.
The cause of the pastor's disgrace was
his conviction by the church court of im
moral conduct.
Some months ago Rev. Mr. Green was
accused by Joseph Emery, presiding elder
of the Colusa district, of immoral con
duct. Shortly after the accusation was
lodged against him he disappeared from
Wheatland. and his present whereabouts
Is unknown.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 5.
It does not follow that every fool la self
made because most men make fools of
themselves.
Carnival Was a Success.
The carnival held during the last week
at Native Sons' Hall under the direction
of the Women's Educational and Indus
trial Union came to ft successful close iast
night. The evening's entertainment con
sisted of representations of Italian life aa
depicted by classical authors. .
Obtain Large Consign
ments of San Quen
tin's Output.
Conference Finds Minis
ter Guilty of Immoral
Conduct.
The Riggers and Stevedores, the Inde
pendent Longshoremen and the Hoisting
Engineers "last night agreed to accept the
terms of the strike settlement. These un
ions met at the headquarters of the Sail
ors' Union on East street and arrived at
the decision after having the terms of the
peace explained to them in a body by Rev
P. C. rorke.
More Unions Accept Terms.
Rebekah Exhibition Drill.
San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps No,
SA2CTA CRUZ, Oct. 5.— The cruiser
Philadelphia arrived at 8 o'clock this
morning, and Lieutenant Lindsay, with
twenty-five Naval Reserves, went aboard
for a week's cruise. The cruiser will
reach Santa Barbara to-morrow evening
for the first stop, then call at San Pedro
for the Los Angeles Reserves and make a
third stop at San Diegro. where there will |
be tareet practice after the reserves of j
that place are taken aboard.
TTMPSON\ Tex.. Oct. 5.— The fire here
which started late last night was not
checked until after daylight, leaving only
a few stores standing. The loss is about
$225,000. with 25 per cent insurance. There
was no fire apparatus. •
2 of the I. O. O. F. gave an entertainment
and exhibition drill in the assembly hall
of the Odd Fellows' building last night
preliminary to the competitive drill in
which the corps will take part at Fresno
during the encampment week. The drill
by eighteen young ladies in attractive
uniform, under command of Captain Allie
I Parker, assisted by Lieutenant Ella
I Campbell and Ensign Christine Power,
was very creditable, and many new and
intricate evolutions were introduced. In
addition to the drill there was a short
programme of music and song, contrib
uted by I>ottie Llnne, .Master Diebert, H.
and Mrs. Osthoff. Miss T. Tippet, Emilio
D. Miller and Messrs. Donnelly and Ram
sey. Dancing followed.
Mrs. EJla Allison, a well-dressed, mid
dle-aged woman, caused the arrest last
night of Abraham Cohn, a peddler, aged
19 years, for robbery. According to tha
woman's story she was standing at Eighth
and Harrison streets on the night of Au
gust 2&, when she was accosted by two
men, one of whom pretended to know
her. Failing to engage her in conversa
tion the men. she says, seized her anit
after stifling her cries carried her into
the baseball grounds and after brutally
beating her robbed her of a pair of dia
mond earrings, a diamond ring and a gold
watch and chain. "When Cohn was taken
int(5 custody the diamond ring was found
In his possession.
He claims that he discovered Mrs. Alli
son in the ball grounds weeping bitterly,
and feeling "sorry" for her he accepted
her offer to buy the ring for 50 cents.
His story Is not believed by Detective*
Ryan and O'Dea, who arrested him.
Abraham Cohn, a Peddler, Is Arrested
on Complaint of Mrs.
lm Allison.
BEATEN, AND ROBBED
OP EIE DIAMONDS
PASTOR GREEN
IS UNFROCKED
mous; but there is one vivacious"
little damsel in the group who has set the
"Johnnies" crazy and the club men talk
ing. The Carmen-like poses and postures
and facial expressions of Miss Helen Mor
rison as she cuddles and bows and scrapes
to the entrancing strains of "Florodora's"
most popular ditty have caught the town.
She is the conspicuous figure in the sextet
in which she appears, so much so that
several impressionable "Johnnies" ara
daily wearing out the sidewalk at the
THERE are some pretty maidens in
the catchy "Tell Me, Pretty Maid
en," song that made "Florodora,"
now playing at the Columbia, fa-
DEALERS IN BAGS
COMMIT PERJURY
Miss Morrison's partner in the sextet
is Sydney Jarvis, whose heart, so the rest
of th# company say, goes pit-a-pat every
time she darts one of her, soul-fathoming
glances in his direction or puckers her
mobile lips into an osculating shape.
has a way of darting magnetic glance3
foyerward that stimulates the pulses.
This promising young actress was dis
covered only six weeks ago by Manager
.Fischer, and. since §he took, to the stage
she has made'exceptionally rapid strides
toward stage popularity.
Miss Morrison is the daughter of a Mon
treal clergyman and is said to have been
one of that city's most popular society
belles.
The band of alleged anarchists who as
semble nightly at the corner of Grant ava
nue and Market street and shout forth a
tirade of uncalled for abuse on the- na
tional administration were treated to a
volley of eggs last night by a crowd oC
Indignant citizens. When their meeting
was called to order last night one of their
number ascended the platform and start
ed to make a "dynamite" speech.
Several patriotic citizens went across
the street to a market and bought six or*
seven dozen eggs. These they, distributed!
to other patriotic citizens who' deplore an
archy and at a signal from one of tha
leaders the alleged anarchists were mada
a target for eggs which flew thick and)
fast. The meeting quickly dispersed.
The speaker, who made his escape up
Grant avenue, is said to have resembteo
the "Yellow Kid," several dozen of th«
eggs having struck him.
HOTJT AIXEGED ANARCHISTS
WITH A VOIXEY OT EGGS
The Pacirlc Mail Company has so far
given employment to no union longshore
men, but if the work of the present week
should be heavier than the regular non
union force can handle, a number of the
men that have been out on strike will be
engaged.
Very few union firemen have gone to
work since the strike. In spite of the rat
ification of the «trike settlement by the
union the marine firemen are not satisfied
with present conditions.
The strike detail of police yesterday per
formed its last day of strike duty, and
to-day the peace of the wharves will be
looked after by Captain Dunleavy's regu
lar scuad.
The "straw bosses," or foremen, on all
the principal docks will -hereafter be non
union men. Each of the big steamship
lines will select men specially adapted for
this work and without union affiliations.
In this way the companies will be sure of
at least the framework of a working gang
the undivided allegiance of which can b«
depended upon.
The water front looked more like Itself
yesterday than it has for a good many
weeks. Although for the latter part of the
strike period the loading and discharging
of ships was going along pretty much on
schedule time, the streets were used ex
clusively for business purposes and their
use both by pedestrians and conveyances
was limited to actual necessity. The
water front yesterday looked more like a
section of a city in a free country than it
has since the beginning of the strike. Un
guarded wagons and trucks carried an
almost unbroken procession of merchan
dise in both directions along the 'line of
docks. Pedestrians went about their busi
ness with an air of freedom, the regular
throng of Saturday afternoon sightseers
was in evidence and the army of non
union men enlisted during the strike was
out for an airing.
The sailors are gradually getting to
work again, and yesterd.ay there were
more longshoremen employed. Among
the latter, however, there is still a feeling
of dissatisfaction. Fifteen union men en
gaged to load the British ship John Cooke
at Main street refused to work if the
services of a non-union hoisting engineer
were retained. The attempt of the long
shoremen to dictate was fruitless, how
ever. They were promptly discharged and
the work continued by the crew of the
ship. The stevedores working on coal
snips also have a grievance. Instead of
receiving 55 cents an hour and $1 an hour
overtime their pay has been cut to 50
cents and 75 cents overtime. This cut is
not universal, but will probably rule all
along the front in a few days. Many
union men have refused to work for this
pay, but as there is now quite a rorce oi
non-u«rion labor their refusal will cause
but little Inconvenience.
Sailors and Longshoremen Gradually
Returning to "Work.
TRAFFIC IS UNTRAMMELED.
The State branch of the Red Cross So
ciety .will meet on October 15 In this city.
Mrs. John F. Merrill./ Mrs. W. B. Har«
rlngton, Mrs. C. \V. » Slack, Mrs. Louis
Sloss. Mrs. W. R. Smedburg. Mrs. Charles
S. Wheeler, Mrs; John K. Loosley. Mrs.
George H. Buckingham. Mrs. Robert Mac<
kenzie. Mrs. E. S. Breyfogle, Mrs.- "W. P.
Shaw, Mrs. J. B. Rawles, Mrs. F. G. Sanborn,
Mrs. A. W. Cornwall. Mrs. A. Mack, Mrs. E«
B. Youne. Mrs. "VV. P. Morean. Miss A. W.
Beaver. Mrs. I. Lowenberer, Mrs. J. W. Elder.
Mrs. T. G. Taylor. Mrs. A. 3. Hubbard. Mrs.
J. G. Clark. Mrs. L. L. Dun'oar, Mrs. Jeromtt
Madden, Mrs. W. H. Mills.
The committee elected the followinsr of«
fleers:
President, Mrs. John F. Merrill; vice pre»l«
dents— Miss A. "W". Beaver, Mrs. I. Lowanbers,
Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, Mrs. George H. Bucking
ham; recording secretary, Mrs. John K. Loo»«
ley; corresDondinsr secretary, Mrs. C W«
Slack; treasurer. "\V. B. Harrington.
Every effort Is being made by the ladies*
of the San Francisco Red Cross Society
to continue the noble work done by them
during the late war. An annual meeting
was held yesterday afternoon at Century
Hall, on Sutter street, and was largely at-,
tended. Mrs. John F. Merrill presided,
and officers and chairmen of committees
presented reports.
Mrs. Merrill's report was a brief review
of the work accomplished during the year,
and gave praise to all who assisted her.
An appeal was made for more books, both
for the hospital library at the Presidio
and that In Manila. Mrs. I. Lowenberg}
supplemented this report \u25a0with, an Inter
esting account of the arrangements madai
for the Manila library.
The report of the treasurer showed thai
the receipts for the year were $2S7d 99
from all sources, and the expenditures
$2755 03, leaving a balance of $124 96. The»
reports of the secretary and other of-*
ficers and heads of committees treated
of the work done in detail. Mrs. W. B.
Harrington, president of the State Red
Cross Association, addressed the meeting.
and reviewed the work accomplished.
The nominating committee presented thai
following list of names for the executlv*
committee and they were elected without
opposition:
No serious hitch has occurred in the
process of readjustment of labor condi
tions under the agreements placed in the
hands of Governor Gage, and yesterday
saw an Increased number of union team
sters and water front laborers in their
accustomed places. Ine process is neces
sarily a slow one, however, and the union
men are apparently reconciled to further
idleness for a part of them.
Manager George Renner of the Dray
men's Association said yesterday that by
to-morrow the draymen would be running
every wheel again. A large number of
horses were brought in from pasture yes
terday, and more will arrive to-day, and
as fast as possible they will be shod and
.made ready for \u25a0work. Some of the dray
men have had horses out to pasture along
the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers,
and now there is such a rush In the ship
ment of grain that the river "joats will
carry only a few horses at a time, and
the draymen will have much trouble In
getting their teams back in harness again.
While he thinks that teaming will be at
full blast to-morrow. Manager Renner es
timates the number of union teamsters
who will be driving at not more than
1000. but additions will be made to their
ranks day by day. A larger part of the
sand teamsters, fruit teamsters and coal
teamsters are already, handling the reins
again.
SPAIN FEARS
THE CARLISTS
"General -Miles seemed to be pleased !
with the notoriety which his startling
statement before the commission and his
subsequent newspaper interviews gave i
him; for again, on the 31st of March, I
1899, in New York City, he published. !
through representatives of the Associated
Press, and of a metropolitan paper, addi- ;
tional charges. !
"This unmilitary and questionable
method of making in public grave and
scandalous charges regarding a brother
officer and the work of his department
charges which subsequent and careful in- '
vestigation proved both unwarranted and
untrue— seemed to appeal to certain char
acteristics- of the major general command
ing to which reference would be out of
place. j
"If we are to believe written evidence^
to the contrary, it doe3 not appear that
General Miles was even honest in making j
his dilatory charges that the tinned beef i
was issued as the 'pretense of an expert- '
ment,' and it waa now a part of the
ration. On the 17th of June, 1S98, his most ,
confidential staff officer signed a letter
by 'direction of the major general com
manding the army' instructing the depot
commissary at Tampa to furnish to Gen
eral Nunez 10,644 pounds of canned roast
beef, to be issued from the 'subsistence
stores of the army.' If we are to accept
the reading of\this letter as correct, it
proves that General Miles knew that
canned fresh beef was, a part of the ra
tion;'that he knew there was a large
quantity of it at Tampa for issue to the
troops, and that he so far approved of its
use as to direct that the ration be fur
nished'in large quantities to our allies."
A -»~t-t..T..t..T..t. ttt»»»tt. .,.J.\ , . , , _
Pleased With the Notoriety.
"On the 21st of December," continues
General Alger. "the. major general com
manding the army of the United States
appeared before the committee then sit
ting in Washington and made his state
ments with reference to the canned, fresh
and refrigerated beef furnished to the
army during the war. Although the com
mission had been sitting nearly three
months . the charges with respect to
canned and refrigerated beef were now
made for the first time; and. stranger and
more inexcusable and more unsoldierly
still, during all those months, with this
splendid knowledge of facts which, if
they existed, should have been made
known to the Secretary of War for the
protection of the army. General Miles had
never mentioned the subject.
Many thousands of soldiers were in
vited to give their evidence withou*-rank
or service.
General Alger reviews the Miles-Eagan
controversy over the alleged furnishing
of "embalmed beef" to the army and telis
of the appointment by the President at
his request 'of the commission to inves
tigate the conduct of the War Department
in the* war with Spain. The commission
met September 24, 1S9S, he says, and up
to December 21 of that year "had taken
testimony in seventeen towns and cities
and in many different camps, granting to
citizens, soldiers and ex-soldiers an op
portunity to appear for complaint or tes
timony of any kind regarding the con
duct of the war."
General Alger reviews at length the dif
ferences between General bnafter and
Admiral Sampson and concludes this
chapter in these words:
"It is dimcult to account for Admiral
Sampson's seeming attitude toward, the
army durinc the operations before San
tiago, • as well as to excuse him for his
contradictory statements subsequently
made in his official report. After the 3d
of July the admiral's conduct may be due
to the keen disappointment resulting from
his non-participation in the engagement
with Cervera's squadron. Possibly he felt
that Shafter's request for a conference on
the morning of July 3, innocent though
it was, was responsible for his being de
prived of me honor of actively participat
ing as commander in chief in one of the
most remarkable victories in the annals
of naval \varfare."
Shafter and Sampson.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— General Alger's
book on the Spanish-American war, \u25a0which
his publishers state "has been delayed
and changed because of the death of
President McKinley," will be issued next
Thursday.
General Alger opens his book with a
survey of the Cuban situation in 1S98, and
comments upon our unpreparedness for
war at that time and the spiendid specta
cle of the country's response to the Gov
ernment's ultimatum upon Spain. He
then leads the leader through the hurried
preparations for war, the persecution of
the office-seeker, the disappointment of
hundreds of volunteers, the demands of
sea coast citie3 and towns for immediate
protection and the savage criticism of
the" military administration's plans of or
ganization and the battle with apparent
ly endless shortcomings and grievances.
Then follows the embarkation at Tampa,
which was severely criticized at the time,
but which General Alger is now convinced
that, an things consiucred, was not a mis
take. The account of the march on San
tiago is graphically pictured. . '
The book takes. up. the -round robin"
signed by the general officers of Shatt
er's army while tne negotiations for sur
render were pending, in" which it was
stated that "tnis army must move at once
or it will perish" from the fevers threat
ening the camp. General Alger has no
criticism to otter- of the round robin itself,
but says that its publication was one of
the most unfortunate and regrettable in
cidents of the war.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5.— Mrs. Rebecca
Butler, who for several weeks has been
rooming at the St. Helena House. 326
South Broadway, was found dead in bed
this morning. Outside her window was
a bottle containing a small quantity of
laudanum and the indications are that
Mrs. Butler drank most of the contents of
the phial and then threw it out of the
window and retired to her last sleep. The
dead woman was formerly known as Re
becca Majors. In the latter part of June
or July she married a man named Butler.
Butler was a hard drinker and .after liv
ing together but a few days they sep
arated. Mrs. Butler was about 40 years
of age.
Ends Her Iiife With Laudanum.
LOS AXGELES, Oct. 5.— The trial of
Captain O. P. Sloat, Company K, Seventh
Infantry, National Guard of California,
by court-martial, was resumed to-day in
Armory Hall. Major Prescott, Captain
Sloat's counsel, led off with something of
a sensation after the argument on de
murrer to the complaint. Major Prescott
moved that the entire trial be set aside,
as it had not been proceeded with under
the rules laid down by the articles of war.
He alleged that, in view of the fact that
the judge advocate was consulted in the
courtroom behind closed doors,- when he
should have been outside with advocate
for the accused. Captain Sloat should be
discharged. This motion \u25a0was overruled.
Counsel then attempted to show that all
officers sitting in judgment on Captain
Sloat's case were "in the same boat," hav
ing been guilty, he said, of the same
offense as that charged against Captain
Sloat. namely: Tardiness in forwarding
reports. Major Prescott read the general
order mentioning the names of those
guilty of tardiness, among them being
several captains now sitting in the court.
Several witnesses were examined this
afternoon, among them being Colonel
Berry.
Says Several Officers of
Seventh Are "in the
! > Same Boat."
The speech corucluded \u25a0with an enumera
tion of the proposed bills, but the King
did not mention the Danish West Indian
islands. The President of the Folkething
led three cheers for the King and consti
tutional law.
"In appointing: the new Ministry we
have responded to the wish of the ma
jority of the people, • entrusting th'e
conduct of the government to men who
are in possession of the confidence of the
nation, and we cherish the strong hope
that it will be vouchsafed to us to see
fruitful co-operation between the govern
ment and the Rigsdag. We confidently
hepe that it will thus be possible to come
nearer to our great goal, namely the pre
servation of the independence of the coun
try, friendly relations with the powers,
}he development of civil and political
freedom and the advancement of the in
tellectual and economic life of the peo
pl*."
COPENHAGEN*, Oct. 5.— King Christian
to-day opened the Bigsdag in person, in
the presence of the King of Greece, the
Czarewitch, Grand Duke Michael, the
members of the Danish royal family and
the diplomatic corps.
The King read the speech from the
throne. After noting that an interval of
many years had elapsed since he last per
sonally conveyed the royal greetings to
The Rigsdag at its opening session, his
Majesty proceeded:
Denmark's Ruler Ap
pears at Opening" of
Rigsdag. *
SLOAT'S COUNSEL
ACCUSES OTHERS
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 5.— The most i
startling testimony heard in years in any
court in this county was taken this morn
ing in the Superior Court'by the defense 1
in the Kelso murder trial. The testimony
may have the effect of sending two small
but precocious boys from Santa Maria to
the reform school. One of them admits
not only having perjurod himself at the
Coroner's inquest over the body of Harry
Blochman, whom Kelso is accused of hav
ing murdered, but further admits having
j manufactured evidence hitherto regarded
as important in the case.
i The body of Iiarry blochman, showing
nine stab wouncs, was found on the even
i ing of the Saturuay after July 4. It was
I in a bean held near "the residence' of L.
K. Blochman. the foster father of the
> murdered boy. Intense excitement fol- :
I lowed in Sania Maria, and individual citi- !
! zens set out to find evidence in the case. I
While the excitement was at Its height ',
i Kmanuel .Pires, a boy of 15 years, pro
| ciuced a blood-covered whipstock. which
i he had founu in the field near the scene
of the crime. This whip was shown be
fore the Coroner's jury, and young Pires
testified in detail to the linding of it.
j To-day the lad was put upon the stand
Las a witness for the defense. He broke '
| down completely and admitted that he j
had manulaetured the evidence. He said
that at the suggestion of a boy"* of 12
years, named Floyd 'Walker, he had pro
cured the whip, taken it to a slaughter
house and covered it with blood, and then ;
secreted it in the Held near where the
body had been iound. \
The murdered boy had been a* school
mate and friend for years of the two boys
who planned the whip episode. The blood
stained whip stock has been one of the
exhibits in the case hardest to be ac
counted for. Both sides were at a loss
as to how to connect it in any way with,
the murder. Young Blochman was killed
with a knife, being stabbed nine times.
The Call correspondent here asked
Pires and young Walker about what they
had done. All Pires would say was that
if he were sent to the reform, school
Walker would go along.
Special Dispatch to The Call
KING SPEAKS
TO LAWMAKERS
CHICAGO. Oct. 5.— The drand Jury to
nig-ht voted two indictments against Rob
ert Bun, Oil [nspector a charging embez
zlement of funds of his office to the ex
tent of $23,000.
Severa.1 »ieys ago representatives of the
Sts.nde.rd Oil Company told the Grand
Jury that they had paid as fees to Burt
in his capacity of City Oil Inspector cer
tain sums ot money which the Grand
Jury could not tir.d in the inspector's ac
counts with the city!
Burt is chairman of the Democratic
County Central Committee and is regard
ed as the closest political friend of Mayor
Harrison. Strong efforts were made dur
ing the day by Burt and his friends to
prevent his indictment. Burl, before the
indictments were returned, paid into the
office of the State's Attorney $30,000 to
cover any shortage that might be found
in his accounts. He said at midnight:
"They indicted me after I made good
the shortage claimed. Until to-day I did
not know just how the books in the office
stood. Ever 6ince I took charge of the
office four years agr>. the chief deputy
attended to the mailing; cut of the re
ports. As soon as I learned that there
vras« a shortage of something like $23,033
I turned in $30,000 to the Comptroller's
office."
As soon as Burt learned of the indict
ment he called up State Attorney Dineen
over the telephone and said that he was
able to jjive bond.
Shortage Made Good and Ac
cused Man Protests In
nocence.
Manufacture Evidence Ussd
Against Alleged Slayer
of Blochman.
Meets at Century Hall and
Again Elects Well
Tried Officers.
Eagan's Friend Still Disgrun
tled Over the "Embalmed"
Beef Controversy.
Rush of Grain Shipment on
the River Embarrasses
the Draymen.
Process of Readjustment
After the Strike Is •
> \ Slow.
Ladies of Local Branch
to Continue Their
Good Work.
Former Secretary Scores
the Conduct* of Samp
son and Miles.
Two Lads Admit Having
Given Perjured
Testimony.
Grand Jury Indicts the
Oil Inspector of
Chicago.
MEN RETURNING
TO FORMER JOBS
ALEER'S BOO
ON RECENT WAR
BOYS' CONFESSION
MAY FREE KELSO
COIN MISSING
IN HIS OFFICE
REVIEW LABORS
OF RED CROSS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
25
A "Tell Me Pretty Maiden"' Damsel Who Has
Caught the Town With Her Carmen=Like Winks.
MISS HELEN MORRISON
SETS HEARTS A-FLUTTER
stage entrance in the hope of getting even
a faint; suspicion of "one smile from her.'*
Several after-dinner box parties have
voted Miss Morrison's work delightful
and the members of the company have
nicknamed her. "Peck's Bad Boy." Sbe
I "Stitch" in the Back,!
J. • "Ouch! That's it. It catches me just as I am risinjr from the chair, •!>
"]' and oh! how it hurts! I can't work, because every time I stoop I am in V
danger of falling down. I get so bad sometimes I can't turn over in .«.
X bed." • • . . !£*
•£ *\u25a0 "It's Lumbago, associated with weak nerves and muscles' in . your 4»
V back. Put this belt on. applying the warm, glowing current right at V
$ that spot. In a few hours you will feel a general loosening up of the ..
•J* strained muscles, the soreness will go away, and you can twist in any ••
y position without danger. I can warrant you a cure in less than ten days." *
| Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt, f
: dr. Mclaughlin, I!
JL Dear Sir: si was troubled with pains in the back and hip joints for a year, ..
3. when one day I read an advertisement about your belt, so I bought one. A
JL and since.»J have used It I have been entirely cured of all pain. I have not
i. used the Belt now for .three months. I feel like a new man. Yon may use .
,'X this letter In anv way you wish. Yours very truly. W. W. LOCKWOOD. X
'I 661 Madison . Street, Oakland. Cal. * - "* ' 4«
X PPFF TEST ! want every sufferer from Lame Backhand its .j.
4» «.»t^» wL+ZZZm/ allied troubles to call and test my Belt free. Or +
4. rt\EE BOOK. send for my free book. Inclose this ad. ..
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, P
'•!\u25a0 702 Market : st.. cor. Kearny, San Francisco. Office hours '8 a. m. to 8:30 >•
•• . p.. m.; Sundays 10 to 1. Never sold in drug stores or by agents. . •
1 '! 1 '!"!-.'; 1 '! 11 ! 1 ;!' I **'X 1 I I 1 1 1 . 1 !"! 1 1 1 1 1 1-M-I-M-M- I M 1 1 'I' I 1 -I'-I-r-I- 1 \u25a0!\u25a0 I I-fr
j» TALCO 11 I
™fy & CO \u25a0 I
1 1 Assuming that the functions of the Prostate Gland, so called neck of the ijj
|1 bladder, are understood, it should be apparent that when damaged through D
I long continued and too often repeated excitement or contracted diseases, that ea
I disordered function must result. The first symptoms pointing to this prostatic j|j
I disorder are referable to the reproductive system. It is first noticed that tm
I patients suffering from this disease are embarrassed by Prematureness; This ||
1 Is Invariably followed, sooner or later, by loss of vitality and power, together Got
1 with all those symptoms known as "Weakness." The most common form of Hj
I damage to the gland is congestion, of more or less severity, which finally £jj
j becomes localized as prostatic catarrh, and if this catarrh once becomes M
I chronic, then various nervous symptoms arise, which are known to phy- 1
I Eidans as Neurasthenia, or exhausted nerve force. The greater number of §
I patients suffering from this so-called weakness are healthy and^robust men I
I in every other respect, men who, possibly, have been treated by tonics, 1
I electricity, etc.. for a weakness which, if the above has been made clear/ will
|J be understood never to have existed. Some years ago we called tho attention j
I of the medical profession and others to the fact that the above well defined
I Eymptoms were not weaknesses, but results of inflammation, and that drugs
J could not cure, but procedures directed toward repairing the damage always K
I proved successful, was known as the "Talcott Theory." J4 recent number of 5
j the Medical News pays us a pretty compliment In saying, "It Is no longer a E
I theory, but a fact," and the profession have now adopted the Talcott Pros- I
hi tatic Dilator and Urethral Suppository Depositor as a necessity in the. treat- efl
fa ment of these troubles. * fcjj
I VARICOCELE. I
S Varicocele Is an enlargement of the most vital blood vessels in man. In n
rj their normal condition their function is to carry.- off waste material,' thus H
fj enabling the organs to receive fresh nutrition. Owing to the breaking down Eg
M of the valves, caused by the paralysis of the muscalar coat of the veins, they Eg
19 become dilated, and local stagnation of the blood follows. The vital organs. El
M being deprived of their proper quality and quantity of nourishment. Impaired |
|j function Is the result. Statistics prove that 25 per cent of the male population 69
H are afflicted with varicocele in some stage of the disease. We guarantee to ||
11 cure varicocele in one week at our office, or four *.veeks of home treatment, . B3
fa without the use of knife, cauetic or ligature. We have cured over "3000 cases m
|j without a eingle failure or unpleasant result. We invite correspondence and Kg
1 the fullest investigation of our methods, and can refer to cured patients if H
I desired. Colored chart of the organs sent on application. ' Kg
aA« PlcifLrAt m- Corner Sixth. 1
j VV/ L ldriVCLtlL., Entire Upper Floor. |Retiring Manager Dined
at the Bohemian .
Club.
SPROULE HOST,
HERBERT GUEST
A ' quiet marriage ceremony, was per
formed by Judge Cook in his chambers
at the Hall of Justice! yesterday .morn
ings .the contracting parties being. Miss
Florence. Eisenschimel. daughter of the
handwriting expert of that name, and Ab
raham Keller, a clerk in the Southern Pa
cific office at Oakland.
Married by Judge Cook.
The will of Mary K. Plummer, who died
at Detroit, Mich.. September 25, 1901, was
filed yesterday. .The instrument disposes
of an estate valued at $77,500 and names
the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company as executor. • '
By the terms ol" i^ie will Eugene "W.
Dodge, son -of the decedent, is to receive
52000, which, in the event of his death,
goes to his son, now living at Seattle. The
whereabouts of Dodge is unknown, and
that fact is mentioned in the will as a
reason for the smallness of the \u25a0 bequest.
To her brother, Washington Biddle of
Chattanooga, Tenn., Mrs.. Plummer leaves
$2000 and a monthly Income of $25. A trust
fund of $6000 is set aside as a means of
furnishing- the ' ' income. ' Mrs. Adelia
Swaney of this city also receives $2000 and
part of the personal property. of the de
ceased. .
The residue of the estate Is to be held
in trust for Minnie. •, John,. George and
Philip Biddle, children of Mrs; Plumnier's
brother, John Biddle, living at San Luis
Qbispo. The will provides that the prop
erty held in trust shall not be. distributed
until the youngest of the children, now
ag-ed 10 years, shall have reached the asre
Of 25. . •
Mary K. Plummer Bequeaths Bulk of
. Property to Nephews and a : 
• Niece... ,
PLACES VAI/TJABI*E ESTATE
IN TRUST FOR RELATIVES
When it is considered that the* cost of
putting the sand and water into these
boxes (.the latter often being made avail
able by gravity) should not exceed five
cents per cubic yard of sand in cases
where the plant has a working capacity
of 500 to 3000 cubic yards per day, there is
no argument against the proposition that
deposits of auriferous sands carrying val
ues in gold so low that they have been
considered worthless may now be worked
with most satisfactory results. The field
is practically limitless not only in this
country, but in others, and a veritable
boom in sand bed values seems to< be im
minent. The Nome district is of demon
strated value, and there are many depos
its upon the Alaska coast and further
south in the vicinity of Vancouver where
large and profitable operations may be
conducted. Upon the Washington. Ore
gon and California coasts ' are scores of
deposits that . would yield handsome re
turns, while the great Snake River and
the Colorado present fields practically ln
*exhaustlble. The Rose Gold-Reclamation
Company has opened general offices in the
Call building, this city, "suite 614.
An appliance has just been perfected in
this city for the reclamation of fine, flour
like and microscopic gold values contained
in deposits of auriferous sands. Tlieso
sands are found upon ocean beaches
as well as in beds'" and upon the
bars "of rivers and streams which
promise to startle the mining world intu
renewed and active quest. for .gold-bearing
sands. The process is the invention of
Mr. P. M. Johnson, the well known as
sayer of San Francisco, and has been
purchased by the Rose Gold Re
clamation Company, a ' corporation
organized by a number of gentle
men well known locally, ior the purpose
of operating it and placing it upon the
market in this and foreign countries. The
appliance is so simple and inexpensive in
construction and .operation and. "does itps
work so effectively that the results seem
of the magical order rather than the ap
plication, of a principle whose simplicity
causes wonder that it was not long ago
discovered and applied; It; not omy
saves the gold, but the platinum as well,
and does it at no [greater cost than the
ordinary expense involved in getting the
sand and water into it.
The exterior of the invention shows a
box of the ordinary sluicing pattern? built
of one-inch boards, twelve feet in length,
twelve" inches in width and five inches in
depth. The interior (covered by patents
applied fot) which saves the gold and
platinum values is a matter of arrange
ment rather than of material, the latter
costing not to exceed $1 50. Neither plates,
mercury nor magnets are used.
When it is stated that two to three tons
of sand per hour were run through one
of these appliances day - after day, don
secutively, during a trial test of about 30
days upon the beach sands at Aptos, near
Santa Cruz, Cal., and that all of the gold
and platinum carried by the sands were
reclaimed and saved, the practical value
of the invention to the mining world be
comes apparent. The gold saved in this
test run averaged fully 400 colors of gold
to the cent in value. In addition there
have been numerous and exhaustive tests
of sands from Nome,' the Snake and Co
lumbia rivers, of the. beach sands upon
the California, Oregon and Washington
coasts as well as those from the Colorado
River, where the deposits are -of vast ex
tent and carry high values.
These boxes may be placed in batteries
of five, ten, twenty or more, up to any
number desired, and the sand and water
may be put into .them either by hand or
with mechanical appliances — no further
expense in operation being required. They
may also be used as an adjunct to ordi
nary sluicing or hydraulleking operations,
with the result of saving the values in
fine gold contained in the ' sand concen
trates which are otherwise lost.
The Method Has Been
Found to Do It
Effectively.
The miners of Colorado are seeking to
have provision made for an exposition of
Colorado's mineral products at the com
ing exposition at St. Louis. A special
session of the Colorado Legislature may
be called by the Governor. Colorado and
The Nome Nugget tells of a peculiar
find on Anvil Creek by J. R. JTarvis, who
owns a fraction of a claim on the creek
A great nugget was picked up. Within
four inches of bedrock a neck chain was
discovered, which was composed of small
wooden balls connected by an iron wire,
every fourth ball being carved with Chi
nese characters.
The old Nugget claim in North Sonori
will be reopened. The old tunnel is being
cleaned out and much work is going. on.
The mine has been idle for some time.
The Chico Record .reports that the
Cherokee mine in Butte County will be
shut down. Half of the working force
has been laid off. The mine is owned en
tirely by. Eastern people, who have ex
pended many thousands of dollars in de
velopment work. This included the build
ing of a dam across Dry Creek for the
impounding of debris.
1 he Columbia marble quarry, in Tuo
lumne County, is about to start work
again. William Grant has received pay
for his half of the property. The Tiio
lumne v County papers report that the
price was $50,000. Suit was brought to
foreclose a mortgage in favor of Crook-3
& Jarboe against Grant and judgment
was secured for $30,000 for the' plaintiffs.
The Tuolumne Independent says that th =
quarry will be worked systematically.
The Kubli mine, situated near Grants.
Grahts Pass, Oregcn, has been sold for
$40,000 to Lawsan &.Ramsay of Oregon; 5!
- invitations are being sent' out to all
mining sections cf the country to partici
pate in the Mi:iing Exposition to take
place in New York City, at the Grand
Central Palace, from December 2 to De
cember 18. A department of exhibits by
railroads, mining bureaus and commer
cial associations will be one of the fea
tures of the exposition. Ores, minerals
and mining machinery will be on exhibi
tion. Allen S. Williams writes that the
exposition is planned to educate the pub
lic concerning the great importance of the
mining industry. Efforts will be made to
have a large attendance of practical min
ers, mining engineers and others connect
ed or directly interested in mining. Pro
vision has been made for companies or
associations desiring to hold conventions
during the period while the exposition is
open.
The Tuolumn£ Independent report. 3
that the new 10-stamp mill at the Mack
mine is completed.
E-sopening Old Properties.
Mining men and owners of reservoirs
and ditches are preparing for the rainy
season on the Mother lx>de. A new ditch
will be constructed by the Calaveras
Water. Power and Mining Company. Thu
ola reservoir of the Utica company on
the Stanislaus River near Bloods is get
ting a new backing of cement wall and
the dam at Elephant Rock belonging to
the same company is being raised.
The old Kate Hays mine in Grass Val
ley is about to be operated again. The
property is new owned by the urass Val
ley Exploration Company. For some
time the mine has been idle. New ma
chinery has been purchased.
1J. S. (junnby reports to the Redding
Seacblight that the Trinity Copper Com
pany has made a deal by which it secures
all ine water rights, wagon roads, sur
veys, rights of way and lands of the Cop
per Beit Railway and Power Company.
A smelter will be built at Kennett. The
surveys for the electric railroad from
Kennett to De La Mar ana from Kennett
to the Shasta King mine are practically
completed. The necessary rights of -way
have been secured and construction work
will soon, begin on the road. Since the
company began operations last June
$50,0o0 is repoi-ted to have been expended
in the preliminaries.
The coming convention of the Califor
nia Miners' Association In this city is ex
citing the attention of miners all over
the State. County associations will soon
elect their delegates, and chambers of
commerce, boards of trade and kindred
bodies, according to custom, will be in
vited to. sop.d delegates.' The petroleum
miners will be represented. President E.
C. Voorhies will have an annual review
to make and there will be reports from
the various committees of the association
to whom various duties have been as
signed. Reports on the Federal mining
laws will be submitted. The subject of
the Cabinet position to represent the min
ing, interests of the country in the nation
al Government will again conje up and
will undoubtedly be acted upon favor
ably. Hydraulic mining and the Yuba
River situation will be among- the topics
to be discussed.
Counties Invited to Elect
Representatives to .
Convention.
Interesting Topics Form
Basis of Expected
Reports.
MINERS NEARLY
READY TO MEET
GET YOUR GOLD
FROM YOUR SAND
The work of reopening the Tombstone,
Ariz., mines is progressing rapidly. The
shaft has reached the depth of 450 feet,
and three eight-hour shifts are pushing
it to the goal, the 600-foot level, where
ore is expected to be encountered. Sta
tions will be cut out at intervals of 100
feet each after' the water is reached ana
pumps will be installed. After that the
mines will be thoroughly exploited. Pumps
have been constructed with a capacity of
1700 gallons per minute for use in these
mines.
The largest nugget ever found In this north
ern country was uncovered this morning at 7
o'clock on the famous discovery claim on An
vil Creek, owned by the Pioneer Mining Com
pany. It weighs 97 ounces, ati'l at $16 an
ounce is worth exactly $1532. At $18 an ounce,
which is about the worth or the Anvil Creek
jrold. the nuprKFt is worth $174fi. The nugget
was found while a posthole • was being sunk
on the west side of the. claim, a little above
the center. A pile of tailings had covered the
spot since last year, and those were removed
yesterday. It Is almost circular in shape, about
six and a half Inches In diameter and two and
a quarter inches at the widest part.
The Nome Nugrget describes what is
claimed as the largest nugget ever found
in Alaska as- follows:
-Colorado is arranging for a gravel prop
osition on a large scale. Interest will be
(irttached to this on account of the very
large -developments- in the northern part
,of. California in the gravel mines, espe
cially in the . Sweepstake and nearby
properties. At Breckenridge, Colo., the
Gold Pan Mining Company has completed
a railway up the Blue River and is lay
ing S000 feet of, pipe, sixty inches in diam
eter, and is also constructing a ditch.
This is the, biggest placer, pipe ever laid
in Colorado. It will give the company a
water pressure of 350 feet to work its
hydraulic mining and the elevators which
are used to elevate the gravel.
The American Mining News is enthu
siastic concerning the auriferous gravels
of the northern part "of California. - "If
one-half of the stories told . about the
wealth of these vast and practically vir
gin tracts are confirmed in 'the' future,"
says the News, "the Klondike and other
famed gold fields of the world will fade
into comparative insignificance. The dis
coveries already made confirm the state
ments of mining men of prominence that
so far only, the surface of gold-bearing
lands of the State has been scraped. Even
t/iis'cannot be said of the deposits of this
northern territory, where ' the gravel, is
still intact and free from the suspicion of
any exhaustive i work."
Alaska's Large Nugget.
Big Gravel Proposition.
Montana will he rivals at St. Louis. To
collect and place the exhibits of Mon
tana will cost about $50,000. .
; HE SATST FRANCISCO CAKL, SUNDAY; OCTOBEB 6, 1901.
L. & M. Alexander, agents Smith Pre
mier Typewriter, received the contract
from the Board of Education, this city,
to supply fourteen (14) new model Smith
Premiers. The typewriters are to be used
In the public schools for pupils to learn
upon. All makes were in competition. *
Schools Buy Typewriters.
Charles Ha'rt, cook, was found dead in
bed yesterday in the lodging-house at 515
Sacramento street. He had been on a
spree for six weeks. Hart was a cook by
occupation and a native of Germany.
Edward Reddle, aged 70 years, died sud
denly at 1:30 o'clock yesterday morning
while sitting in a chair in a saloon at lit)
Fourth street. He resided at the L.indell
House. Death is supposed to have been
the result of natural causes. ,.
Two Sudden Deaths.
Among the officials of the Southern Pa
cific Company who are sure to . be pres
ent at the conference are the assistant to
the president, Julius Kruttschnitt; E. Q.
McCormick, and William Sproule. It is
supposed that the principal business, taken
up will be traffic affairs.
J. ' M. Herbert, who recently resigned
the managership. of the Pacific system cf
the Southern Pacific Company, was ten
dered a. farewell banquet last evening at
the Bohemian Club by William Sprou'e,
freight traffic manager of the. company.
The guests included all the' general offi
cers of the Southern Pacific and the heads
of departments.
The affair was a great success and add
ed fresh honors to William Sproule's rep
utation as a host. During the evening
speeches were made by W. H. Mills, G.
F. .Richardson and William Hood. Mr.
Herbert. will leave for the East on Tues
day, r'vf
.A '. telegram has been received ' in the
yellow building from President Harriman
in New York informing the general offi
cers of the company that he. "wished all
of. them to be present at a conference, that
is to be held at Salt Lake on October 13.
The telegram announced that "President
Burt of the Union Pacific: and J. C.
Stubbs, traffic director of the Harriman
roads, would both.be present at this con
ference. \u25a0 \u25a0 .
Officers East for a Con- ;
ference.
I • \u25a0
Harriman Orders All General
26
AMTTSEMENTS.
ij T ;;; : -TbTNiQHT
iii|l) A an ANOTHER
The Xll fiT\ •
Greatest \J I I A
Production \j \\ W
Extant. / - Alii
MIRTHFUL— TUNEfUL-WITTY
No Vacant Chairs These Days at
ths Columbia. • \u25a0 -
STARTING WITH jflg&g^ggW
NIGHT ®t/
RENOWNED '
HERRMANN
THE GREAT.
EVERYTHING NEW. THIS SEASON.
-\u25a0 Accompanied by
. McWATTERS and TYSON
. and._Company.
NEXT
MASON and MASON
# RUDOLPH and ADOLPH.
SEATS THURSDAY.
. . .Belasco & Thall Managers.
TO-NIGHT-MATINKE TO-DAY.
"LIBERTY HALL,"
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
.- . Wm. Gillette's Comedy,
Too Mock Johnson.
• MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
.. BOUND TO MAKE YOU LAUGH.
HERE SOON-'THE GIRL > IN THE BAR-
RACKS."
ALHAMBRATHEATER. .
PACKED TO DOORS.
THE BROWNIES
IN FAIRYLAND.
200— PROFESSIONAL. CHILDREN— 200. „
50— NEW AND ORIGINAL SPECIALTIES— 50.
. \u25a0 MATINEE TO-DAY- —
To-night, Monday Night, Tuesday Afternoon
• and Nlsrht.
Matinees, 10c, 25<: Nights, 15c, 25c, 50c
Reserved Beats on ! sale at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s, Monday and Tuesday.
CHUTE^and ZOO
\/aude=ville
,. .ld>lll.
Moving Pictures of McKinley at the
\ Buffalo Exposition; also the
\u25a0 •• Fiinerar Cortege at Washington.
Amateur Night Every Thursday.
• - Telephone for Beats- Park 23. — -^
NEW ADVEBTISEBOTNTS.
DRUGGISTS MUST BE CHARY.
They Sell All Kinds of Hair Prepara-
tions, and Fear to discriminate.
Druggists sell all kinds of hair^prcp-
arations and as a rule they are-*wisely
chary of giving preference to any : par-
ticular one, but many of them have come
out plainly for Newbro's Herpicide, tho
new treatment that absolutely kills the
dandruff aerm. H. Swanhell & Son
Champaign, 111., say: "One customer of
ours who did not have a hair on top of
his head when he began to use Herpicide
now has a fair start toward a good head
of hair. We believe Herpicide to be by
far the best preparation of its kind on the
market." - Hundreds of similar testimo-
nials from everywhere.
RAIL WAT TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry* Depot.
\u25a0 [ Local Ltra'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10 :1S a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
'" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 8:05 a 10:60 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 8:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla.... 3:40 p ........ 4!48 a ........
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p I 9:00 p '
a lor morning, p for afternoon.
•9*a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining-
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
. to Bakersneld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored en this train. Correspond-
ing: train arrives ,at 6:55 p. ml Tuesday and'
Friday.. . . ' .
4:20 p. m.'. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p m
dally. I V '
• 8:00 p. m. is the Overland 'Express with
through Palace and ' Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. ni
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersneld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily-
Offlces^ — 611 -Market street and .In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- .
HOUNT TAMALPAIS R,\^LWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry '. Arrive
San Fran. Foot of \farketSt. San Fran.
Week Sun- n»W».«. **.*,*.««. Sun- Week
\f l_ ? ; W a. Tu.,^ ai i. .h. «uw 3:00 p. 3:40 p.
4:lo p. 11:80 a. ' w _ k n. v , ra , T 4:25 p. 5:55 p.
1:15 p. *\u25a0"•' w ~ kD »^<>iiij. . •-• 5.55 p
F»tp, Pan FrasH«M» lo Sunwlt and Betom, $1 .00.
Ticket Office i # 621 UAEJUT STREET ted 8AU5AUTQ TLRKT.
EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
"A MARVELOUS SUCCESS!"
GRAND OPERA.
PAUL STEINDORFF. Musical Director.
to-night "CAVALLERU" and
TO MGHT... AfilIACCL »
WEEK OF OCTOBER 7.
TWO OF VERDI'S GREATEST OPEBA3,
Monday, Wednesday. Friday. Saturday.
s - - •
I I
• s
MOKTANARI, REPETTO. POLLETTTNI.
AGOST1NI, FERRARI, NICOLINI. ZANI.
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Nights and Sat-
urday Matinee,
By Universal Request.
NABUCCO.
BARBARESCHI. POLLETTTNI. SALASSA.
DADO, NAPOLEONI. CORTESI.
Look out for^A BOHEME."
POrtLAR PRICES . .25c, 50c and 73"
Telephone. Bush ». .
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE JR., Judge ; 1XS. T. G2ACZ, Slipjtr.
TO-DAT. SUNDAY Octob-r •
Open and
Champion
Stakes.
1NOA\I1N/VXIC>INS
,..1O4...
J10C0 TOTAL PURSE— —__^ioao
TRAIN SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15 a.
m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m . ; Twenty-Hfth
and \alencia streets flvs minutes later. Re-
turning at 4:4o p m. and after the last c~jrse.
ban Mateo electric care every six minute^
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
DRAMATIC RECITAL,
GIVEN BY
MRS. CARRIE FROSS-SNYDER,
Assisted by
MR. HOTHER WISMER. Violinist.
M <%% R r C ??£ OE T,T ARREN LUCY - «ani»t.
TLESDAY EVENINS, October 8/ 1901. at S:U.
TICKETS. 50 CENTS.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters oi
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
/j^nBwxsnaMMYggfc,
fl«> patents 1
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !«\u25a0"»\u2666\u25a0 nn<l nr« «lu«> lo nrrlv* n(
MAN KltAN<:iM«'<».
(ilain Line, Foot of Market Street)
Leave — From October 6. 1901. — arrivb
":OOa Beniria. Snisun, Elmira and Sacra-
mento 6:Cir
7:00 a Vacitille, WiUtre. Rumsey ?:55p
"i :3O a M artine/, S&u Umiicm, Vallejo. N»l»,
Caliatnga and Sauti Roea 0i25p
\u25a0 :OOa P&Tig, Woodlaud. Kulgtiti Landing,
MarysTille. oroiiile: ' T:S5p
*:««» Atlantic Kipreas— Ogden and Eut 12:23p
I«:«kia XUe«. Lithrop, Stockton ZzZ-tp
UtttOiNUes, Mendota, Hanford. Visilla, ,
Porterrille 4t55p
*i8«a ShaaU Express— Davu, WiUUms (for
Bartlett BprinKs), Willows, Bed
Bluff. Portland. T:55r
- liUtti Ban .'<>««, Livermore, \u25a0 Htockton,
lone, SaerAitieuto, Placrrill«,
M.ryntillc, Chic, Ue<t lilnR 4i23p
•iSni Oakdatr, Chinese, Sonora. Carters... 4:23p
«:«»«» Hurirud, Kilesand Way Stations.. I 1:».1a
| »:OOa VaUejo laiSSp
M:U»A Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lttlirop, htockton, Meroed
Fresno md Los Auceles - ?:S3p
»:S«a Vallejn. Martinex au<t Way Stations ?:3Sp
Io.-xoa Th« UrerUud Limited — Oeden, Den-
ver, Omaha. 'Chicago O;»5p
Sacranieiitft Hirer Mtemiiers )S:O«A
S:30p Harward, Nil-i nnd Way KUtionf.. ?:5Sr
4<««r Iteaida, Winters, Hacramet.io,
Wooiiland, KniKlits J.andiug,
M«i-r«»ille. Ororllle IO:55a
4:««pMartiM«r, Han lU.tnon. Vallrjo,
Nhjui. < 'aliHtOK*. Santa Rosa «i2S*
4i00p Kiles, Livermore. Btocktan. Lodi... I2;X9f
4 s:i<ii> Hiyward. Mien, Sin .l»«e, LiTcrmore t6:A5x
4:*Op Port Cos<». Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton 1<I:2Sa
5:«>«p Tim Owl limited— Fresno, Tulare.
ltakenifield. Hanriis for Santa Hut- .
bara. Los A i. «f leg 8:53a
6:(>0p MartiiK z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Frenio 12:23p
SsSOp Kew Orleans Exprexs — Mendota,
Fresno, Bakerstield. lxm Angelea,
Dcming. £1 faeo, Kew Orleans
and E«»t 7i55a
•:O w p Haywsrd. KilwaudHan Jose 7:53*
fttiOMp Valte]» Ili234.
•>««r Oriental Mull— Og<len, Clieyenne.
Omaha. Cblcago U:25p
\u25a0<O«p Oriental JUil— Ogden, DenTer,
St. Louis. Chicago 4i25r.
?iOOp Oregon aud California Kxi>r«ss,,Siie-
rameiitn. ManitiHe. l(e<Mlnr.
I'otMhikI. I'lisot rtiMii,.! ami K.aet 8:53a
«t«3rSan rablo. r<irt Co»i». Martinez
and Way stations IIi25a
:*:Oap Vallrj< ?:3^P
COAST IilNE (Narrow (Un K t).
(Foot of Unrket Street.)
lilti Kewark.O«Mtcr>UiF,h'anJ<ne,Fdton.
UoulderOrtek.tiauLa Orui and Way
• . butioim a«5op
ISil Sp Kewark, Ceutervllle, Sun .loie, Mew .
'»•.'\u25a0 Alniadmi, I'Vllon. Itoulder « Jreek, '"
8b 1. 1* «;ru* aud l'rincipal War
Stations '....- i«lt»«A
4il3pKewark, Kan Jose, I«nG>toi. ...... 1f>:3«A
a'j.3«p Hunteri' Train— San Joee And Way
BUtiont r?.««r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Iran SIS f £1KCISCO— Toil of Jhrfcet Street (Slip ?)—
t<:15 9:00 11:00*. K. 1:C3 3:03 5:18r.M.
ioiuCa!lRB-r«U'Br«ni»«j.— iiiilO +8:00 . 18:05
lO.OOt.M. 12:C3 8.03 i:C3r.».
COAST LINE (Kr.m.l <;a« K «.).
(Third nnd Townsetiil Sts.)
, L «i:i«A&&n Jtfetnd Wty Ktatioui iiiltop
. 7-.(><U K»ii .Inn* Rml Wlijr KWlloli* I:S»P
/Ts««» Kew Almad*!! / JslOP
yittdA San Jtm*. Trei IMoos. Hmita <!rux.
J'aeitle tii,,.^, calling. San Lcis
Ob:spo. SanU Ctrbara ami Prin-
cip*l intennedl.teStiiMinn 7s45p
I0:30aSui Jose tudWty stations 4:1 Up
II:UIIA hail .lim au<l Way NUtfons SiSUP
1»: 1 .-Vp San \u25a0 M at mi. i: r«i woo<]. II eulo Park.
I*alo Alto. Kant* tJlara. «»b -l<*e. . . .
Tres Finos. H»nta «:rnic, £a4iuat.
l.limirirynii'l Pacific UrciTS 1I«»:43»
*«no|- «-,.;, .IobchihI Way StHlinnR O:»«i
. 11:1 Sr Ban.lom>aii<i I'rinciral Wny Stations i l». 43 A
i.%;«.opS(iii Jiw, Los Gatos and l'lindpal
Vii.» Station* — i 1»s«O»
n::t«r Ran J«is»- an<l IVincip.l Vfaj Stut.I.Mi. K-.nOA
• «i«op Redwo'd. r-an Jom Oi'n y Salioan,
Santa 15 rUi.rt. Ijo» Aijrtbs 1O:«5a
fl:ac»r RaiiJ.*uai,.l IVurnUti.Hm 1»!«»«A
fll-.<5f £a»i J«-«i»- atvi W*y SUtitiiia..^.: «i:n«p
• A »«r H<nu« ~r »,.r A fterm.011. • ;
. fSuti<l»v tjMHed. J Mi-.Uv only
. « Saturday oo'.y. / Tu *.l y« mud rri(Jay«._
Weekly Gal!, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commencing This Afternoon, Oct. 6.
Vaudeville Better Than Ever!
From the London Hippodrome.
SISTERS O'MEERS
Tight Wire Walkers.
MITCHELL and BARNARD
Vocalists.
JOE. MTRA AND BUSTER \u25a0 i
KEATON
In "The Man With the Table."
BELLE THORNE
Comic Opera Celebrity.
WILFRED CLARKE & CO.
Presenting "In the Biograph.". ..
BOYCE and WILSON
\u25a0 Comedians and Grotesque Dancers.
MADGE FOX
Coon Song: Acrobatic Shouter.
f . ,
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
With New Pictures.
I — • : . P
LAST WEEK OF
THE SVENGALiS
\u25a0 | Mystery of Two Continents.
Parquet, 23c. any seat; Balcony, 10c: Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved. A few
front Orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front rows
of Balcony, reserved, !5c.
LAST MATINEE* AND NIGHT OF
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.
Week Beginning To-morrow (Monday) Evening
FAREWELL WEEK' OF
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Shakespeare's Greatest Tragedy
"HAMLET."
JOSEPH HAWORTH AS" HAMLET.
Popular Drices — 10c. 15c, .23c, 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
*\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 i .
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. 15c, 23c.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME— THE BIG HIT I
"KIONA F>F*EE>~
I PKiCES M Sll:^;::^.?^g' g
TO-MORROW (Monday) EV'G— All Next Week.
The Picturesque and Romantic Melodrama,
BEACON LIGHTS,
Dealing "With Stirring Incidents of Frontier
and Border Life. .-.
FISCHER'S co ST,,»°£ss.
\u25a0 Silvia Puerarl. Val - Vousden ; Kirke ciarir.
and .Kirke. Vplkyra, SJdney Smith Robel
Simms. Sam Holdsworth, Carl Brown an*
Hinrlchs' Orchestra.: \u25a0-."\u25a0. «*na
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
open Nights
\u25a0 Open --daily from 7 a, m. to 11 D " m.
i Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 d nu
Admission 10c. Children s£
Bathing including admission, 25c. Children, 20c
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon F«rry. Jto»t of Marine A
€an Francisco to San Rafac'.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
J:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra triy
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Francisco. (April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J ~ I Bun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Daya.
7:80 ami 8:00 ami Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm| 9:30 am| Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm| 6:00 pm| Santa Roga. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
• ¥ Fulton, :
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburgr, 10:40 am
. ' Lytton, .
Geyscrville.
»:30 pml 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pm Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pin
7:30 ami ! 10:40 am 10:25 ant
f 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
jl^SSO pm| 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:S0am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
' . . and
E:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:S0 ami 8:00 ami ' . 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm I 5:00 pm| 'Sevastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprints; at
Geytervllle for Skases Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad BDrlngs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Rlveraide, Lierley's, Bucknell's
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Wlllits. Laytorville. Cunmxins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. .-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • . . ,
Cm Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 llarket street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry. . ."
Commencing September 29, 1901. \u25a0 ' • '
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. -
\u25a0WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15, 6:15. t:15. 6:45 p. m. . *
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p m. i
3:f S^4i Y f^. 8: 9 °?30 Tt\ • U:3 ° a " m - • U1S -
Trains marked (.*) run to San Quentln. : :
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-WEEK DAYS-»3:25, 6:27. 7:45. 8:35, 10 15
a. in..-*12:25. 2.15, *3:3S. 4:40. 5:30 p. m!
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p m "=•»"-*\u25a0
SUNDAYS-6:15. »8:00. *IOM, '•11:45 a. m '
•1:40. !»3.15. 4:45, »6:30 p. m. - \u25a0** \u25a0 \u25a0 '
'. Trains marked (\u2666) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, .7:55. 8:65. 10-30
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. .3:58. 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS i on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. \u25a0 -
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15 3-30
6:09. 6:45 p.' m. '
THROUGH TRAINS. -
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. \u25a0.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:09 a; m.' Sundays— Duncan Mills and- way
stations. -- . • •
I-epal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. • .„ .
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .__\u25a0
I Dry Goods '^^^m Company. 1
i ' ' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 ' £
| Many novel styles have been z died to our lines .2
X for October, consisting of high-grade . %
I Man=Tai!oredScits,Siik,C!othandVelvetDressSkirts, |
| Novelty Coats in Cloth, Satin and Velour, Auto |
| Coats, Box Jackets and Raglans. t
% Exc.'usivj styles ai popular pricss. • <f
! JUST RECEIVED. I
f CORDUROY TAILORED SUITS }
-j- (The successful style for winier in the East). ' \u25a0: *j-
v Colors— Black, Brown, Blue, Grsen ani Drab. •£
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, !
y. £E. Corcer Geary and StocHon Streats, San Pranoisoo. j£
\u25a0!• UIIVION SQUARE. 4*
r!'<"! M X- *!"!"!"!"I"i* 'X**X"!"1* *X~I'vv*I' •I - *I'*I"*I**I*'I* •5**r4"r"i~j* •M*4* # f t J**j' WvW *!-W^«
I CUT PRICES THAT CUT COMPETITION.
I No Disappointment— Goods and
I Prices Exactly ; as Advertised. y
I Prices That Astonish and Please. |
I llULUfcN liAlfc
I WILL OFFER THIS WEEK AT CUT PRICES:
I Stylish Tailor Suits at $10.
M "W^Ml^y^ Three different styles— Pure Wool Black
1 %*5IP<!P Venetian new box effect-Pure Wool Black
1 /^>\ Sf&^W Golfinjr Suit, nobby Eton, with velvet collar
H i\\ k\w£*^**\ New Gray Eton Suit, jacket satin lined.
H 'lAV/A«rlSr *f with velvet collar, skirt latest cut. satin and
B w/jT/ velvet trimmed. They are excellent vajwsaj
1 I^^^P^ Pedestrienne Suit $12.50.
1 1I»W^i3^3 Made of Oxford Golfing Cloth, pretty Eton
I* S^lfeSsW'e^SiLI effect, with velvet collar, skirt newest flare
! ¥?&&$&&$$ \ flounce, with 25 rows of stitching. first-clas3
I Iff^p©^ L in every respect; full value $16.50.^ On
1 ?$kJfflB$jj^f& feN RICH NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS at
Oxford Raglans. \
I *^^^W^W^ Newest cut. perfect fitting. Prices beyond
I !Mmm competiti^s. J k t o; 'iioMl f iiVoo/fiaVso
Our Dress Slcirts
Excel in their superior grace of design and precision of cut, a better
I grade of lining the tan, U^gfect^jtor s.^chjd or fancy^ tnmj
500 RAINY DAY fSKIRTS at ?2.5O, ?3.5O, i?4.OO, ?5.OO. Extra- ] |
! ordinary values.
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S RAGLANS, JACKETS and DRESSES
at POPULAR PRICES.
1 1230=1232=1234 MARKET ST.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I The finest scenery I
* |
h^L- Yo'd don't go east EVERY day. G|^ «_ 1
When you do go, go comfortably \&fli£r |
— via Denver and the Burlington , 1
The time is ALMOST as fast as . . %, \u25a0___!
S& the fastest and the sen-ice and seen- ' >^
T^ ery are better than the best. \u25a0 - . Jfgs^i ll^j^~|
'?. Thro' standard sleeper?, ?an Frar.c'.JCO to ChicagT B^S flH fSSB
ft, fr^S I I daily. Thro' tourist sleepers Tuesdays S7-j4^ tfr{ K5 '
t» I \u25a0!-\u25a0 and Thursday — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas Frtf*^ S?j 5pS '
F^r [ IfiHtiwJ'' Tickets and berths at 631 Market St. £ jjfoe »t 1 B^ 5
i, f^ ' '^ itr '"" ?^' W. D. SAXEORX, General Ar;e--t. T paj I I (^ iThe . most noted volcano in Nicaragua
is - Coseguina, which, after a long serleB
There will , be a reception given to Mrs.
E. G. Weed, wife of the Right Rev. Bish
op Weed of Florida, president general of
the Society of ; the United Daughters of
the Confederacy, at 2111 .California street
at 3 p. m. Mon.ip.y. October 7. All visiting
members of the society are cordially* In
vited. , ••;• •\u25a0••'••\u25a0- • -.
Reception to Mrs. Weed.
The Rev. T. Brown of the African
Methodist Episcopal Zion . Church will
preach: this morning on "Christ Our. Sa
vior" and in the evening on "Spiritual
Telephone." ' . \u25a0 ".' .' ~ ..
Rosary services will be held in St. Dom
inic's Church this ev. ning. A special mu
sical programme will be rendered by. an
augmented, choir arid orchestra. • • \u25a0
The monthly musical service of Simpson
Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church,
corner of Hayes and ' Buchanan streets,
will be held this evening. The programme
will include solos by Charles E. Taylor
and Cecil Smith; a male quartet, "Cast
Thy Burden On the Lord," from Men
delssohn, by a mixed- quartet, and the
choruses "By Babylon's Wave," by Goun
od. "Thanks Be to God." from the Elijah,
and Handel's "Hallelujah Chorus." The
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will de
liver an address. I. E. Blake is musical
director and Miss Mabel Jones organist.
The Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Bap
tist Church will preach this evening on
"The Bible and Other Books."
The Rev.; William Rader of the Third
Congregational Church will preach this
morning, and there will be the sacrament
of the last supper and reception of new
members. In the evening Dr. Rader will
speak on "Favorite Hymns of President
McKinley— Their Theology and Spirit."
The Rev. F. M. Larkin. the new pastor
of Grace . Methodist Episcopal Church,
will preach thismornlng, and in the even
ing he will be tendered a reception.
The Rev. F. W." Fischer, pastor of the
Emanuel Evangelical- Church, will preach
this morning on "The Efficacy of Prayer"
and in the evening on "The Voice of
The Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westmin
ster Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Constraining Love" and in
the evening on "Building Up a Comrade.
The Rev. Bradford Leavitt. pastor of
the First .Unitarian Church, will preach
this morning on "The Making of-Idols."
The Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach" this
morning on "Christ Fulfilling Prophecy
and in the evening on "The Young Men
The^ev. John Herriphill of the Calvary
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning, and in the evening Mr. bldredge
will speak on "A Change For the Better.
The Rev. Philip Coomoe. pastor of the
Richmond Congregational Church, will
preach this evening on "The Eternity of
Character," \u25a0\u25a0 _ \u25a0 ;«.,_.,.
"Are Sin. Disease and Death Real? will
be the subject of discussion at the First
Church of Christ. Scientist, this morning.
George W. Beatty will preach this
morning to the congregation of the How
ard-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
and in the evening he will speak on "A
1 Happy People." - \u25a0 .
1 The Rev. F. W. Lloyd of the Richmond
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
i this evening on "The New Command-
The Rev. F. A. Keastofthe Epworth
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "The Ble3sing of Chris
tian Unity" and in the evening on "A
Call to Christian Duty."
The Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "Stepping Heavenward."
The Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this- morning on "The Spirit That Pro
motes Revival"- and in the evening on
"Why I Should Be a Christian." ; .
of All Denominations This
Sabbath.
Sermons to Be Preached in Churches
PASTORS WILL DISCUSS
A VAKIETY OF TOPICS
Mr. and Mrs. Emil Weinberg, nee
Jacobs, will receive their friends on Sun
day, October 13, between 2 and 5 o'clock
p. m., at their residence, 1752 Ellis street.
•Mr. Henry Dernham and» family, who
have just returned. from an eight months'
sojourn in Europe,' have located for the
winter in the Hotel Granada.
Dr. C. V. Cross, who has been sojourn
ing in the Yosemite Valley during the last
summer, has returned to San Francisco
and will resume his practice.
Mr. and Mrs. D..F. Oliver left San Fran
cisco last Tuesday on an extended trip
East, taking in Yellowstone Park and the
Pan-American Exposition.
Miss- Stella Levy la visiting her sister,
Mrs. S. Brownstone. 214 Hyde street.
Mrs. J. Mund. of 1908 Stelner street, will
be pleased to greet her friends on the sec
ond Monday of each month. .. »'•
Dr. Charles Patrick Brown, a prominent
dentist of Seattle, is in the city.
A- pleasant climb up Mount Tamalpais.
that was aranged in honor of Miss Sarah
Brown of New York, was enjoyed by the
following party of pedestrians last Sat«
urday night: Miss Sarah Brown of New
York, Mrs. A. Rothberg. Mrs. D. Martin.
Mrs. J. Regan.' Mrs. Abe L. Friedman,
Jacob Label. Abe Label. Jacob Regan,
Abe.L. Friedman. Nat Friedman. Milton
Spier, Louis L. Michaels and. David Mon-.
asch. . '.-• '• • --.
Mrs. Bertha Bamberger and Miss Leonie
Kuh will be "at home during the winter on
the second Tuesday of the-month.
Mrs. S. Daden has moved from 2015 Bush
street to 122S Octavia, near, O'Farrell,. and
will be at home the third Wednesday of
the month. . \u25a0 • •\u25a0
Mies Rose Cahen, of 531 Baker street,
will.be at home the third "Friday of each
month. •
Dr. and Mis. W. J. Terry and Miss E.
D. Terry were passengers aboard the
steamship Potsdam that sailed from New
York for Europe September 21.
Mrs. Marcus Rosenthal and the Misses
Adele and Sophie Rosenthal will be at
home the first and second Tuesdays, at
1720 Pine street.
Mrs. C. S. Laumeister, wife of the Rail
road Commissioner, has. returned from an
extensive. Eastern trip. Mrs. Laumeister
visited New York for the purpose of see
ing her daughter. Miss Ethel, who goes
to finish her education in a, European
school. . , • - : ....
Mr. and Mrs. S. Silverstone announce
the confirmation of their son Arthur in
the Geary-street Temple to-day. They
will be pleased to see their friends this
afternoon between 2 and 5 o'clock at 112
Lyon street. • - • \u25a0 *
Mrs. R. A. Loveland, wife of the late
Hon. R. A. Loveland of Saginaw, Mich.,
has recently purchased a Home on Le
Conte avenue, near Euclid, Berkeley.
.Buffalo Exposition on Sunday last. They
will remain East for a month and on
their return will stay at the California
Hotel. . :.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Marriott left for the
Mrs. L. T. Keogh and daughters are at
their home, 2334 Pine street, after spend
ing a few months at their ranch in Santa
Rosa. ..'..'
Mrs.' Henry Asher has moved from 1406
Buchanan street to 2213 Sutter. • She will
receive her friends every flrst and second
Tuesday afternoon. • ": \u25a0 ••. \u25a0'.
. Miss Susanne Wagner and Miss Idarene
Krueger have returned from Stony Hedge,
Marin County. . . ". ' .
Dr. L. Neumann will give up his .resi
dence, S22 Sutter street, and go to- Europe
for a. visit of several months' duration.
Personal.
of the Pleasure Seekers* Club, which or
ganization showed in" a- substantial way
the high esteem iri which he is held, by
its members. . The parlors were beauti
fully. decorated with smilax, white roses
and chrysanthemums. fThe presents were
many and. costly. 1 Immediately after 'the
ceremony, a sumptuous repast was served.
At 5 o'clock the newly wedded couple took
their departure on the "Owl" for Los' An
gelesand Catalina Island, where they will
spend the honeymoon.' Only- the immedi
ate relatives witnessed the ceremony, but
on the return of Mr. and Mrs. Suhr a re
ception will be given to their many
friends at. their home, 1137- Mission street.
A very pretty .wedding and one of con
siderable .note was that of Dr. William
McLaren, and Miss .May E. Balk, which
took- place at the Franklin-street Presby
terian Church en September 26. . Di.Mc-
Larer.- is a well-kncwr; physician of San
Francisco. Miss Balk is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs S. S. Balk and grand
daughter of George: Landridge, a wealthy
pioneer miner of the State. The ceremony
was, performer! by the Rev. Mr. Macken
zie. , The brides dress was a combination
of silk. and chiffon, with pearl trimmings.
She wore a sunburst of diamonds, the
gift of the groom, and carried a bouquet
of Bride roses. Miss Violet Turner acted
as bridesmaid and . the gioom was sup
ported by his brother. Albert McLaren.
After tho ceremony thu guests were driv
en; to the honi3 of the bride's parents,
where an elaborate wedding supper was
served, after which \u25a0 dancing was indulged
in until midnight. : Dr. and Mrs. McLaren
will spend their honeymodn at Monterey,
and on thfir return will reside'in San
Franois-co. • • '.
A pleasant home wedding took place at
the residence of Captain and Mrs. Butler
en Wednesday, September, 25. when' their
youngest daugnter, Evn, became the wife
of 3«:orgo D. -Morse, the only son oi" Cap
tain and Mrs. Morse, of Berkeley.. .The
house was charmingly decorated for the
occasion and an elaborate breakfast. 'was
served. The- ceremony was conducted by
the Rev. Mr. Woodward of Arago. The
bride is a popular and favorite member
of Coquille society. . The groom is a
prominent youn^ business man, who has
been for some months superintendent of
the coal "mine/ at Riverton. »The young
couple left immediate! j' after bitakfast
for their future home in Berkeley.
'The marriage of James Leckieand Miss
Sadie Alexander took place at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. Alexander on Saturday
evening, September 2S, the Rev. Father
Quinn officiating. The bride was attired
in. a handsome dress of pale blue silk.
Miss Maggie Alexander, sister, of the
bride, \u25a0who acted as bridesmaid, wore a
pretty gown of white : ; ilk. Will Symons
was best man. The house was tastefully
decorated and an elaborate luncheon was
served, after v.-hich - the happy couple
took their departure for. Sacramento amid
the hearty good wishes - of. their many
friends. . ' «#f. ..• •;_
Home Parties.
On the return from their trip south last
Wednesday evening Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
Quigley gave a reception at their resi
dence, S07 H street, near Ninth avenue,
Sunset district, south of Golden Gate
Park, to celebrate their wedding anniver
sary and the birthday of their daughter,
Mies Frances Herzo. A sumptuous sup
per was served and their numerous
friends had a very enjoyable time.
On Sunday evening a surprise party
was given by. Miss Mary Carey to Miss
Ella McDonald at her home, 1435 Ellis'
street. Among those present were: Miss
Ella McDonald, Louis Levin, Miss Ger
tie McDonald, Al Speedman, Miss Mary
Carey, 'William Craig, Miss Agnes Carey,
Joseph Kirchner, Miss Nellie Mengam,
Thomas Bennett. Miss Edna Harloy,
Joseph Madden. Miss Kate Burns, Jack
Wright. Miss Margaret Burns, Al Scully,
Miss Bessie Murphy/ George • Thomas,
Miss Annie Geraghty, Harry Clark, Miss
Elsie Battertin, Clarence Beller, Miss
Louise Haggerman, Milton Oppenheimer,
Miss Ada McDonald, Robert Burns, Mr.
and Mrs. C. AVestcott, Miss Christie Mc-
Donald, Miss Rose Delarevere, Miss
Brucie Healey, Mr. and Mrs. J. Durpin
and Mrs. Carey.
Last Wednesday evening a farewell
party was tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Ben
jamin Clements at the residence of the
bride's parents,, Mr. and Mrs. Lyons. The
house was beautifully decorated and a
delightful evening was spent in music
and dancing. At the supper which, fol
lowed, a number of toasts were given, E.
M. Cushman acting as toastmastor.
Those present were: Misses Katie' Lyons,
Ada Garvln, Alice Garvin Gertie Sheldon.
Blanche Conlin, Kate Conlin, Josie Dun
den, Mattie Farris, Mrs. N. Wlison, J. J.
Lyons. T. W. Clements, Will Collins, Al
Collins, E. ' M. Cushman, Ed P. Antron,
Richardson ' Donaldson, Harry McNeviu,
W. J. Garvln, Will Johnson, Frank Colin.
Ed Regensburger, T. W. Cronln, Henry
Lubin, W. Wilson and Will Lyons.
Ihe couple, will leave to-day for- Los
Angeles, where they will make th<.-ir
home. ' The bride is a popular Native
Daughter, having served several- terms as
secretary of Onnda Parlor. The groom
is well known here, as well as in Los An
geles, both in business and social circles.
Miss Edna A. Loggie celebrated her
eighteenth birthday on the evening of the
2Sth of September at her home, 712 Shot
well street, in this city. Mrs. W. A.
Mitchell assisted In receiving the young
guests. and the evening was one of the
greatest jollity. Dancing and the usual
games were indulged in. The tables wure
arranged in a most artistic color- scheme,
\u25a0with violets and maidenhair fern as the
principal effect. The congratulations
were most hearty, while the gifts were
handsome and numerous. Among those
who were present were: Misses Ida Eng
lish, Ethel Baird. Eva Starr, Ella Wight;
Grace Graham. Carrie McKay, Gertrude
Renton. Clara Seaton, Anna Alberger,
Jo&ephine Kruse, Vida Loggie; Mes.<i\=.
Fred Lucas, Joseph Hlckey, Mortimer
Samuel, Gordon Gliddon, "Arthur Renton,
Frank Davis, Willie Hogan, Homor
Mitchell, M. Nichols, Loring Roberts, W.
A. Mitchell and J. J. Loggie.
At the home cf Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Saw
yer, 2KJ5 Jackson street, ' a" party was
given to their daughter Charlotte in honor
of her eighteenth birthday September 28.
A\ the supper, which followed a few
hours of games and music, Mrs. B. F.
Sawyer announced the engagement of her
second daughter, Theodora; to Alfred
Smith. They will be married the 30th of
this month. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Sawyer, Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Lo
gan, Mrs. Ed Bacon, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Stulz. Mrs. A. "Werner,- Mrs. A. Thomp
son; Misses Jessie, Theo and Charlotte
Sawyer, Mabel Ayers/Eda Beeson, Clar
ice Eiadbury, Anna Cattermole, Marjory
Coyle. Minna Endlish, Edith Dickerson,
Georgia Lambert, Nellie and Annie <3al
laghcr. Katie O'Connell, Clara and Louisa
Hhodivino, May Sampson, Claire Thomp
son, Nellie Victe, Alvina Winteler, Messrs.
C. Albertson, A. Goddet, R..- Werner, A.
Smith. W. "Watson, F. Morrison, Theo
Werner, George Watson. Jack McCarthy,
F. Sampson. Thomas Smith.
A delightful birthday party was given
on the evening of October 3 by Dr. and
Mrs. S. P. Blumenberg, at their residence,
1426 Jones street, in honor . of Captain
John K. Bulger. The parlors were beauti
fully decorated for the event. The early
part of the evening was devoted to an
excellent musical programme, after which
refreshments were served. Among those
present were: \u25a0 .. •
Captain and Mrs. J. K. Bulger, Albin E.
Wray, Miss Eleanor Roeckel. W. P.
Marshall. Miss Ida Stillwcll. Miss Eleanor
McEwcn, J.. D. Hannah. Eugene Tricou,
MIfs Ida Baranhard. Albert MUler. Miss
Lulu MeLeod. Mrs. S. A. Parker. Dr. and
Mrs. S. P. Blumenberg. Master P. F. and
Miss Gladys Blumenberg, J. P. White,
Professor Samuel Billlnger. Miss Rosa
Murdoch.-' A.. W. Lyser, Miss Mae Nolan,
Professor Joseph Roeckel. , Mrs. "\u25a0• Ellen
Coursren-Roeckel, Mr. and Mrs. .W. R.
Jones. Judge L. R. Hill, Miss Nellie
White. Mrs. H. P. Tricou, Miss Rosalie
Harby. Mrs. L. J. Murdoch, Mr. and Mrs.
L. C. Pistolcsi.
Club ': Parties.
\u25a0 St. Alban's Literary and Social Society
gave its monthly social Thursday even
ing at Golden Gate Hall. 125 Sutter street.
A fine programme was rendered under the
management of Professor Caldwell,' after
which dancing followed.
The twenty-third anniversary ball of
the San \u25a0 Francisco Frauen Vereln will be
given on Sunday evening, October 13, at
Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary street. ' .
An interesting entertainment was given
by the Myosotis Club at Hinman.'s Hall
last Friday evening. The chief number
on. the programme was a farce in three
acts, "A Married bachelor," that was
amusingly given by th« following ladies
and gentlemen: Dan Gllleapie. J. Leo
Turley: Larry Flnnigan, Frank GUson;
Deacon Smith,- Henry G. Leffmann; Sally.
Miss Nellie Connor; Miss Camson.-Miss
A. Perrin; Louisiana. Miss Edna Keene.
Dancing was afterward Indulged 'in until
midnight.'
A Grand Simchas Torah masquerade
ball will be given on Sunday evening next
The passenger list of" the steamship
Sierra that sailed for Honolulu on'Thurs
day included the following names:
Honolulu— O. A. Baker, C. A. Brown,
Mrs. Brown, • Mrs. W. • H. Browne, Misfl
Brunhermann and maid, F. Burgess, Mrs.
K. C.Cope.W. C: Crook- Jr., E. F. D.'ehl,
Mrs. S.. W. Dowsett, H. -R. Duniway,
Mrs. £J. L. Duterbre, J. A. Fenger, Mrs.
Fenger and child, J. W, Ferguson, H. T.
Gilbert, J. A. Gilman, Mrs. J. W. Gunn,
Sam Henry, Mrs. F. E. Hobron, F. W.
Hodgins, B. G. Holt, W. H. "Hoogs, R.
Jamison, F. . B. : Kellam, J. AV Kennedy,
H: W. Lake, Mrs. . Lake and son, \u25a0 J.
Lando, Dr. W. Livingstein, A. McKlbbin,
J. L. McLain, Mrs. McLain and two . chil
dren. Miss S.E.- McNear, Dr. F. B. Mor
rill, E. S. Muckley, Mrs. • Muckley \u25a0 and
two "children, H. C. : Myers, .Mrs. : A- G.
Newton, F/ E. Nichols, Rev. G. L. Pear
son, William Pierson, A:V Raphael, Mrs.
Raphael, Mrs. E. C. Rayner, Miss . S:
Robertson, -I. Rosenberg, Mr3. Rosenberg
and child, Miss C. Schuman, Mrs. C- K.
Shatto, Miss N: Simpson, Miss A. : Smith,
Miss K. Smith, W. O. Smith,- Mrs. Smith,
Master j Smith, Mrs. O. J. Stone, E. J.
Stone, T. F. Sturdevant,: Mrs. -Sturdevant
and child, MisS E. . Sutter, V. L. Tenney,
Mrs. Vernon L. Tenney and child; • R. J.
Thorn, Mrs. Thorn, Miss A.' Tlpson, Mrs.
Waller, Mrs. L. ' Weismon, Paul West
phal, H. F. Wichman, Mrs. Wichman,
three children and maid; Miss M. Wilcox,
Miss. M. Wilson, J. Zahtgraf. For Auck
land—R. Crown, Mrs. M. A. - Edwards,
Miss Edwards, F. W. Frankland, Alex.
Harvey, F. W. Jervis, C." E.- Maudsley, F.
Mitchell, Miss E. Mitchell, Mrs. J. - F.
Rayner, J. G. Reid, R. Roskell, Austin
Strong. For Sydney— J. H. Birch Jr., Sid
ney Clementson, Mrs. Clementson, E. G.
Currin, Mrs. Currin, Randolph Currin, E.
G. Currin Jr., Master J. M. Currin, Mas
ter Louis Currin, H. Daley, Mrs. C. Davis
and maid, Miss C. Davis, Miss F. Davis,
Miss V. Davis, S. H. Fisher, A. H. Green,
C. F. de Grut, Mrs. V. C. King, Albert N.
Libby, Rev. C. H... Ltnley, Miss A. L.
Marsh, E. L. 'Mayer, C. W. McMurran,
Mrs. s McMurran and son, ' Mrs. E. T.
Miles, Miss Miles, Miss H. Miles, Miss L.
Miles, Master Miles, J. F. W. Payne, Mrs.
Payne, Miss Payne, Dr. J. M. Peebles,
Tremayne Rodd, Mrs. Rodd and maid, P.
Simcock, A. Stornor, A. J.' Tracy, Mrs.
Tracy, C. W. Whish. Join at Honolulu
for Auckland— H. A. Keyser, P. W. Rich
ardson. , ...-»: . :
- Mrs.- Charles- Percy- Morse; r (former1y
Mabel V.'Srhith) returned to her home in
Honolulu yesterday, sailing on the steam
ship Peru. Mrs. Morse, has for several
weeks- been .vtsiting her parents, Mr. and
Mrs. George W. \u25a0 Smith at • 925 • Grcve
street, where her 'many friends gave her
hearty welcome. Mrs. Morse leaves her
old home amid* many regrets and takes
with' her many friendly greetings to her
husband, Percy-Morse, one time famous
aunfcie and member of the Olympic Club,
and now -one. of the prominent business
men of Honolulu. .-•\u25a0.•\u25a0\u25a0•-
Sailed-. Away.
y J \u25a0— ?HE coming event of the month
In society is the Crockett
n I Scott wedding, that is to take
\V 1 v Place 'at Grace Church, Octo
\>^-W ber 16, at high noon. The
cards are- out and there Ie a
large list of invited guests, as
might be expected from the popularity
cf the young people. Among those In
vited are: The Irwln and Henry Scott
families and relatives, the Greenwoods,
Taylors, Hopklnses- Mrs. Easton,, Mrs.
Nuttall, Mr. and Mrs. Russell Wilson, Mr.
and Mrs. Howard Chase. Dr. Tevis, Mr.
Greenway, Gerald Rathbone, Mrs. Elea
nor Martin, Mr. and Mrs. George Fope.
Mr. and Mrs. Latham McMullin, Mr. and
Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Miss Therese
Morgan, the. Eyre family, Harry Stetson,
Miss Smedberg, Charlie Feltoni Downey
Harvey, Mr. and Mrs. McBean, Miss
Collier, Harry Poett* and Miss Emma
Crockett.
Only a few of the details of the cere
mony have yet been made public, but it
has leaked out that the bridesmaids will
wear pink, a favorite color of Miss
Crockett's. : • •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-
An affair of much society interest will
be the concert to be given on Thursday
evening, October -17, at Sherman-Clay
Hall, in aid of the Little Sisters' Infant
Shelter, by the ladies of the Auxiliary
Society. " \u25a0 .. :
Posters have been done for the occa
sion by Mr. Ball, H. Patigan, G. Patigan,
Raymond Carter. Mrs. A. O. Hazlehurst
and Harry Rodgers, and the following
have kindly volunteered their services
with the programme: University of Cali
fornia quartet, Mrs. Bermingham, con
tralto; Miss Millie Flint, soprano; Miss
Grace Freeman, violinist ; Miss Klsie
Tucker, guitarist; Harry Wood Brown,
barytone. .-.'.'. S,
Following is the board of directors of
the Shelter. Mrs. C. E. Cooper, presi
dent ; Mrs. E. B. Cutter and Mrs. W. D.
Fennimore, vice presidents; Mrs. R. M.
Gutin, Mrs. L. J. Holton. treasurer; Mrs.
A. W. Jackson, Mrs. R. Jennings, Miss
Jennie McFarland, Mrs. W. M. Pierson,
Mrs. R. L. Toplltz, recording secretary,
and Mrs. C. H. Wilson, corresponding
secretary.
Auxiliary of St. Paul's Shelter— M!ss
Maud Cluff, Miss Emma Conley, Miss
Elsie Dorr, Miss Jessie Dorr, Mrs. J. 3.
Deahl. Miss Helen Gray, Miss Christie
Judah, Mrs. Floyd Judah, Miss Rhoda
Mills Miss Elsie Gorham, Miss Alma
Mitchell. Miss Rhoda O'Farrell, Miss Ma
bel Wheaton, - Mrs. S. J. Rowell, Miss
Sage, Miss E. Schmidt, Miss Mabel
Gunn, Miss Melrose Daggett, Mrs. Wil
liams, Mrs. Walter Van Bergen, Miss
Alice Jackson, Mrs. Lester Herrick, Miss
Mattie Wellington, Mrs. Sprague, Mi.ss
Susie McNab Miss Muriel Wemple, Miss
Duggan, Miss Edith Cutter, Miss Lottie
Lipsher, Mrs. Eugene Lee. Mrs. James
McGanley, Miss Alma Hulme, Miss A.
Mills, Miss Louise Weppner, Mi.ss
Rowena Burns. Miss May Billings, Miss
Lucille Levy, Miss Daisy Burns.
Miss Daisy Burns, president; Miss Jes
sie Dorr, vice president; Miss May Bill
ings, treasurer, and Mrs. J. S. Deahl, re
cording secretary.
at Union Square Hall by California Lodge
No. 116., C. -B. A., for the: benefit of '-the
widow, and orphan fund.
... RELATING TO SOCIETY...
They're Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Mrs.
C. S. Freund and Captain A. Cook.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Friedlander announce
the engagement of their daughter Stella
to Milton Meyerf eld of New York. They
will receive their friends at the family
residence, 701 Broderick street, on Sun
day, the 13th inst., from 2 to 5 p. m.
Mrs. Friesleben announces the engage
ment of her daughter Ruth Eleanor to
Dr. Emil Otto. Jellinek. At home this
afternoon and Wednesday, October 9,
from 3 to 6, at their residence, 2226 Wash
ington street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Emma Cohen, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
D. Cohen of 112S% Turk street, to Adolph
Hirschfeld: They will receive this after
noon from 1 to 5.
Mrs. Dora Levy announces the engage
ment of her daughter Bessie to William
I. Kohn. They will be pleased to see
their friends this afternoon from 2 to 5 at
417 Clementina street. . •«.. :
"Wedding Bells.
William B. Favllle and Ada C. Smith
\u25a0were married by Rev. Joseph "Worcester
on Sunday, September 29.
Wednesday, September 25, at noon, Edna
B. Andefeon and H. Fred Suhr Jr. were
married by Rev. J. H. Schroeder at the
home of the bride's parents, 921B Golden
Gate avenue. The bride is the handsome
and accomplished daughter of Captain
and Mrs. Anderson, and the groom is a
prominent Native Son and past president
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
of earthquakes along- the Andes Moun
tains and throught out the Central Amer
ican States, in June. 1835, broke into vio
lent eruption, scattering ashes over 1500
miles of country.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m^F Free! *
Jr.^L Free! :
iEST TREATMENT AT> OFFICE
B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEL
SOLI> UNDER A GUARANTEE TO RE-
move superfluous hair., to prevent . its
growth: has been used successfully for twenty
years by the medical profession in .England.
After one application your face will be as free
from hair as the cheek of . an infant. .
ELITK SKIN FOOD- Removes all blemishes
and roughness; makes the complexion perfect;
keeps the skin clear, soft and smooth.
ELITE .FACE. FOWDER-Chemlcally pure; a
preventive ..from- superfluous hair. :
KLITE HAIR GROWER— Removes dandruff,
stimulates. the scalp; produces a. quick growth
and makes the hair soft, and bright.
THE- ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR—
Permanently removes blackheads and reduces
the pores of the skin.' '.•'.•'
THE ELITE FACE BLEACH— For removing
tan and freckles. It has' no ' equal.-*- .-
Prompt attention to mail orders with stamps.
Regular physician in attendance.
ELITE DEEM\Ti«LOGYINSTnUrE,'
838 Market St., San Francisco.
Branches— Sacramento. ' 'MRS. "EADELE
KRIPP: Loa Anueles, MRS. A. A. RAMSAY;
MRS." M. GREENIG, Honolulu. . . ,
ADVEHTISETCTNTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
fftEES JFKEEt
\u25a0JgSHSBBSKk Is permanently removed by DR,
fraKwTSSfind MRS - A - W * TRAVERSE.
II«A5'M3r'B£Donohoe building, 1170 Market st..
Hp^2a&*VI%S w lt n the electric needle, without
RVSS& /S*3g P aln or scar. First sitting free.
K?SS<V».5E Hours, 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
ISraK&^^ 3 Toilet Cream 60c; Brahman Tooth
tTW —itfK Powders, !5c. All druggists.
Wggfe^iflKs Large stock always at J. S. Potts
515LADIES
' of this city and State hav«
rfTJII3vb)L had their wrinkles removed at
#?J»*«K^ the Xew York of
Ci-frx. \SW Dermatology since its location
till— <? in San Francisco six months
-fS ag0- xhe possibilities of tru«
• . - scientific dermatology ar*
well exemplified in the woman on exhibition at
the parlors of the Institute, one side of wbosa
face is badly wrinkled, the other having been
made smooth and youthful in appearance, as
a sample of their treatment. A lady is In re-
ception at the parlors to show demonstration
to callers and explain methods. By a slmpl«
operation the surgeon at the Institute corrects
ill-shaped noses, double chin, flabby throat,
saggy cheeks, drooping mouth, puffy, baggy
eyelids, without the slightest pain or scar.
Freckles, moles, warts, hair, scars, eruptions,
large pores, red veins, red nose and all marks
and blemishes permanently and painlessly re-
moved. Consultation is free and strictly con-
fidential. Letters answered plain sealed. Call
or address N. Y. Institute of Dermatology. Co-
lumbian building, 916 Market street. San Fran-
cisco. Take elevator to fifth floor. Lady la
reception. . :
VICHY SPRINGS.
The only place in the United States waer*
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric 'Waters; Champagne Baths; Spring*
Numerous; Baths Uneuualed. Three miles from
Uklah, J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
Proprietors.
BELLEVU£ HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*
It per day and upward. PETEK GOCILHAlt-
DOU, Lessee.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPR1NG3
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
\u25a0 with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive »e
Bartlett Springs at 7:30., New 8-horse 14-pa*-
•enger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartletc
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Spring*
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprftton. :
1792 1QO1
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY OF
NORTH AMERICA
IFOU\DED A. D. 1792)
OT PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D.. 1900. and lor the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to \
the provisions of sections C10 and 611 of the
PolltlceJ Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
la Casn $3,000.00000
ASSETS.
Real Eetate owned by Company $SS5.CM 70
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,712,184 05
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 4,932,217 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
cf Bonds, Stocks and other mar- 1
ketatle securities as collateral 54,700 00
Cash in Banks 916.00132
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages £0.933 19
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 9(5,021 81
Bills receivable, not Matured,, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 39,593 19
X>ue from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 15.S5C 10
Total Assets $9.532.263 36
LIABILITIES.
Lee tee adjusted and unpaid S103.943 48
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense £29.577 62
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 4L1U 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or lees. {2,747,033 28;
reinsurance 60 per cent 1,573,518 64
Groes premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $3,456.-
eS7 44; reinsurance pro rata 1,778,243 63
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 235.7C8 40
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance poli-
cies 765,309 20
Al- other liabilities 94.154 48
Total Liabilities $4,931. 164 35
INCOME. ,
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,099,633 54
Ket cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 1,811,366 53
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 105.5S0 38
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
ell Other sources 222.2T5 49
Received for Rents 29.RS4 69
Received from all other sources 188,216 60
Total Income $6 ; 45S.267_23
EXPENDITURES.
Jfet amount paid for Fire Losses... $2,754,10; 35
Ket unount paid for Marine Losses. 1,137 593 52
Dividends to Stockholders 360.000 00
Paid or allowed fcr Commission or
Brokerage 1.10!>.95S £6
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges tor officers, clerks, etc.... 536,142 40
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 120.22172
All other payments and expendi-
tures "-.- 296.508 80
Total Expenditures $6,114.527 35
Losses Incurred during the y>ar $3.874,63752
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year •"•••• 1559,858.869 $5,280.835 81
Ket amount of Risks
expired during the
year 620.821,602 4,854,077 40
Net amount in force
December 31 1300 635.136.397 6.243.720 72
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Ket amount of Risk*
written during the.
year ! $398,754,420 $2,230,060 44
Ket amount of Risks
expired during the
year S9S.456.504 2,218,5e7 27
Ket amount in force
December SL 1300 6,245.841 235.708 40
CHARLES PLATT. Prest.
GREVILLE E. FRYER. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this ISth
«ay of January. 190L
RICHARD H. REILLT. Notary Public.
Losses paid since organization,
$104,168,853.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
412 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
JAMES D. BAILEY, General Agent
GEO. If. MURDOCH,
Agent City Department*
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
ST-A.TElM:E3SrT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — OF THE
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY
LIMITED
OF LONDON*. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company jsgg 14S 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 230 500 00-
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,882,393 75
Cash in Company's office 10,605 86
Cash in Banks 193.316 24
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans •.. 17,30s 30
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 4 010 41
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ••••-•-.-••••....................... 403 6S9
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 6 293 79
Rents due and accrued g'055 54
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid 4 182 15
Due from Palatine Insurance Com-
pany, since paid „ 143,266 63
Total Assets .$3,881,770 52
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid ."... |145 Mtt)0
Losses In process of Adjustment or in ,'Qr^
Suspense 136,329 00
LosEes resisted, including expenses.. 43 500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- one year or less. $1,919,103 38;
reinsurance 50 per cent 359, 551 6 9
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: more than one year. $1,938,-
220 03; reinsurance pro rata 9S0 511 07
Gross premiums on Marine and In- '
land Navigation Risks, $34,131 93;
reinsurance 100 per cent 34 131 93
Gross premiums on Marine Time ' '
Risks, $57,193 17; reinsurance 50 per
cent •\u25a0•«•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•..\u25a0........•............. , 28 596 58
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 97 723 54
AU other liabilities \\
% Total Liabilities .$2,503,269 97
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ,.....$2,494,207 OS
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 139,949 91
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 11,032 50
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 74,680 13
Received for Rents 16,753 21
Total Income .$2,736,622 83
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding looses of previous years)... $1,768,158 11
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including losses of previous years) 53,176 46
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 491,816 07
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 145,271 61
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 70,126 70
All other payments and expend-
itures 153.405 97
Total Expenditures {2.683.953 92
Losses incurred during the year... ...fl, 782,599 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risk* • - '
written during: the
year $309,974,637 $3,226,627 04
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 303,424,636 8,076,165 29
Net amount In force
December 31, 1900.... 401,717.678 3,857,323 41
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premium*..
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year.... $52,166,668 $220,803 67
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 48,522,157 162,586 34
Net amount in force •
December 31. 1900 3,643.972 67.009 77
t A. H. WRAT. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 21st
day of February, • 1901.
EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California in New York.
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
C. F. MULLINS ...Manager
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
...OIL STOVES...
BLUE FLAME. ,
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS..
NO ODOR.
1% smSkI: 309 io 311 Market Street,
San Francisco.
-•\u25a0--•\u25a0.--.--~ .\.,:"\.,....-..-. ATM/ KH.TTRHM KM'I'W ... . \}.^f^X2^ %j
A NOTED PHYSICIAN,
' \u25a0" ' r \u25a0:. ... -\u25a0 \u25a0.....•..:/ \u25a0 i — «o
* Doctor Wanata, of Lansing, Mich.,
Says : There is Nothing in the Materia Medica that
" Equals Lydia E. Pinkham f s Vegetable Com-
ponnd for, the Cure of Woman's His.
% "Dear Mrs. Pinkham :— The honest, intelligent physician is atxyv©
the * School' Whatever is best in each" case should be used, no matter
to what school a physician belongs. I, as a matter of conscience, can
only/prescribe the best, and as I know and have proven that there is
nothing in Materia Meaica which equals Xydia E. Pinkbam's Vege-
table Compound in severe cases of female disorders, I unhesitatingly
prescribe it, and have never yet been sorry.
"I know of nothing better for ovarian troubles and for falling of
the womb or ulcerations; it absolutely restores the affected parts to
their normal condition quicker and better than anything else. I have
known it to cure barrenness in women, who to-day are happy mothers
; of children, and while the medical profession looks down upon * patents,'
I have learned, instead, to look-up to the healing potion, by whatever
name it be known. If my fellow physicians dared tell the truth, hundreds
of them would voice my sentiments."— Db. Wanata, Lansing, Mich.
DR. WANATA.
AsDr. Wanata says, if physicians dared to be frank and open, hun-
dreds of them would acknowledge that they constantly prescribe Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound in severe cases of female ills, as
they know by experience that it can be relied upon to effect a cure.
i Women who are troubled with painful or irregular menstruation,
"^backache, bloating (or flatulence), leucorrhcea, falling, inflammation or
ulceration of the uterus, ovarian, troubles, that "bearing-down" feeling,
dizziness, faintness, indigestion, nervous prostration or the blues should
take immediate action to ward off the serious consequences, and be
restored to perfect health and strength by taking Lydia E. Pinkbam's
Vegetable Compound, and then write to Mrs. Pmkham, Lynn, Mass.,
for further free advice. \u25a0 No living person has had such a vast and
successful experience in treating female ills. She has guided thousands
to health. Every suffering woman should ask for and follow her advice.
Iiydia E. Pintdiam's Vegetable Compound has carried hundreds
of women through the periods of child bearing and change of life in
perfect" comfort and safety.-
fi. medicine that has restored so many women to health and can produce
proof of the fact must be regarded with respect. This is the record of JjydlaE.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which cannot be equalled by any
other medicine the world has ever produced.
. . Tt is well to remember these facts when some druggist tiies to get yon to
buy something which he says is " just as good." That is impossible, as no
. other medicine has such a record of cures as Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound ; so do not experiment with untried medicines.
ApAAA BE WARD. — We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn. $5000.
*f k 1 1 I which wi II be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letter
,ft. 1121 is not genuine, or was published before obtaining the writer's special per-
%&?%* %3VVB mission. JLydia K. Pinkham Medicine Co.. Lynn, Mass.
APVEBTISTnVTFiNTa.
STRAIGHT FRONTS.
We are showing below two cuts of our most popular sellers. No
corset made has the style and fit that these shapes have. They are de-
cidedly straight front and full gored.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR SPECIALS.
The values we are offering in Corset Covers, Gowns. Skirts. Skirt
Chemise and Drawers are too numerous to mention. You will find be-
low some specials in drawers for Monday.
Y^W JvC rail.' &£$xk
r^/W^W 25 dozen pairs of
A \zkW*> STRAIGHT FRONT COR-
/WJ\T SETS, in black, white and '^CT^^yV
<wo Vwidmfdx drab, full gored and bias cut. \ h\X
/ '?\\ 5V*?^?°«* You could not tell them host-proof P /f\
/ I \\ " H'LDA "ALICIA" / ' I I \
\J \ CTAICHT-reOwry £ fom a § x (jo COTSe t. All Sizes \jCTllAIGHT-HWrtT '
HILDA, the only : 8 to 30. ALICIA, made in
genuine full-gored, _ . „- . th e very latest cut,
.,„. __» „„„ . , Pnce **Oc per pair. extremely low bust,
blaa cut corset made medium length hip:
at the price, made of MIKI IN IINI1FRWFAP of fine gray and
\u25a0white and gray cou- IflUoLlli UiiUCnfltAn white coutil and
til and black sateen. CDCPIAI Q gored and Was cut"
Price gl.00 per OrCUlALOi Price $1.50 per
pair. pair. f
25c pair— 50 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, good quality, very wide
and full cut. cambric ruffle, with two-inch embroidery ruffle.
20c palr-60 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, good quality,' very wide
and full cut, cambric ruffle, with three-inch embroidery ruffle.
30c pair— 50 dozen LADIES* DRAWERS, good quality, extra wide
and full cut, cambric ruffle with insertion, and two-inch embroidery ruffle.
Crescent Corset Go*,
742-744 MARKET ST., I successors to I 1157 BROADWAY,
SAN FRANCISCO. | FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - - CAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YouCaiTGe^ilTf
FACE TORMENTS,
FRECKLES,
PIMPLES,
SALLOWNESS,
MOTH
PATCHES,
WRINKLES,
By -taking my treatment at my par-
lors, or I can treat you successfully
by mail, confidential.
tLOLA
MONTEZ
Is. a pure, delicate appearing solid resemb-
ling 'sweet country butter. Absorbed In
the skin pores by sentl% rubbing, it re-
vives and restores the skin's vitality, the
relaxed muscles and fibrous tissue become
rested, the blood which is the
SKJIN'S LIRE
At once circulates freely, and the result
Is a clear, smooth, velvety complexion.
Price 75 cents per Jar. postpaid. Ladies
treated by mall for all blemishes.
TfllAT DAT ladies osndlg this ad
iMAL rVl. w ;th 10 cents in stem is
will receive a book of instructors and a
box of Skin Food and Face Powder Free.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison,
DERMATOLOGIST.
78-80 Geary St. San Trancisco.
I Brunette Complexion Powder £
a I* l Q *t tho-rtndo for a suA-browncd com- n
\u25a0 nlesion; ahuolutely pars, harmlosi and H
B ' beneflclal. Two other colon — pink ' and U
B white. Sample tree. \u25a0 H
\u25a0 \u25a0 • J. A. Pozzonl. St. Looli. Mo. HTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
28
I.OPCHNO HOT7SES FOR S A. t>E— -Con.
HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS.
CALL FOR LIST
8 rooms on Mission '. •• $275
9 rooms; fine corner • • 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
17 rooms; transient 1050
40 rooms; boarding WOO
9 rooms; fine location • 125
Boarding-house; j9 rooms 650-
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister 225
8 rooms;. corner; fine yard 350
18 rooms; Geary St.; $250 cash; only..'.. 675
\u25a0 34 rooms (the best); clears $300 3000
50 rooms; partly furnished; only 900
20 rooms; new; elegant; clears $150 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
19 rooms on one floor 900
8 rooms; fine yard 350
83 rooms; worth $2800 : 160?
10-room house; fine location.. 425
24 rooms; on Geary st • 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
26 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st '. 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300.. 1600
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
15 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1400
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
.32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room workingman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 260O
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 600
20 rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 150C
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
to rooms; modern; clears $250 4000
12 rooms; Turk st.; all rented 325
CALL, WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 4bO
7 rooms; O'Farrell st - 400
16 rooms; Howard St.; housekeeping 800
12 rooms; Bush st 500
24 rooms: Geary St.; payments • 1900
15 rooms; Sutter st.; central .' 600
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Mrkt, cor. Ellis, t. 12.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.
- 8D0 Market at Tel. Davis 281
Rooming houses and hotels; all sizes, all
prices and all locations; list yours with us if
you want to sell.
Houses sold on easy payments; money
loaned at lowest rates; vacant houses furn-
ished. Call and see our BIG list of BIG
bargains. It's too BIG to publish.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 450
7 rooms; nicely f urn. ; good home S75
10 looms; good fur... carpets; Bush St.... 800
45 rooms; fine 6Unny corner; central.... 8700
100 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
12 rooms; newly .renovated; fine; sunny.. 1200
17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker...... 1250
22 rooms; corner; good transient; clean. • 1500
19 rooms; something good; see it 2500
85 rooms; elegant; one of the best 8000
$6000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
We furnish all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market St.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
44 r. ; rent $120; good fur. and carp.;
apartments . . $3000
26 r.; rent $90; cor.; elegant fur 3000
19 r.; rent $75; Al location; pays well 1200
18 r.; rent $55; oak & wain, fur.; clears $60 800
15 r. ; rent $60; good fur. and' carpets 850
11 r. ; rent $40; oak fur.; boarders; good.. 1000
12 r.; rent $65; cor.; Al loc; clears $32.. 900
10 r.; rent $35; partly furnished 400
5 r. ; rent $40; Fillmore; 2 flats; oak fur.. 350
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market et., rms. 1 & 2.
Offlce near Call building.
Business Is booming— he has 4 salesmen..
He has money to loan — payable mo. -or yearly.
Every day he gets from 5 to 10 new houses.
Call for free list; see these samples:
9 ririB.; central; full: rent $28: % cash.... $20C
10 rms.; flat; rent $25; clears $40 month... 4oO
15 rms.; Sutter St.; rent $28; a snap S00
IS rms.; rent $38; clears $50 every month. 700
23 rms.; wife sick; rent $45; clears $50 600
26 rms.; elegant; clean; rent $90; clears $90 1600
19 rrris. ; hotel ; clears $2000 every year. . . .\u25a0 1500
63 rnw.; a cor. house of "Victoria Flats". 3000
ATTENTION '.—Buyers will find It to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
6 CO., 935 Market St., phone Folsom 1592.
3t r $1400 22 r $800 . 16 r $800
20 r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r 600 12 r "400
15 r.. 700 8 r...... 350' 10 r 400
8 r 650 6 r 225 7 r. .'.... 223
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market.
Photograph Gallery Entrance.
18 rooms; rent $37 50; price $80,1
28 rooms; rent $50; price 900
14 rooms; rent $39; price 750
84 rooms; rent $67 50; price 1300
10 rooms; cheap rent 850
27 rooms; rent $63; price 1050
WHEN YOU WANT '.
A ROOMING-HOUSE OR HOTEL
GO TO
WALLACE.
HE DOES NOT MISREPRESENT FACTS.
M. K. B. WALLACE. Real Estate Broker,
COLUMBIAN BUILDING, ROOM 73.
916 MARKET ST. PHONE JAMES 1361.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911,
917 Market St., near Fifth.
A — NOTICE — Wa have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
$425— FOR SALE— Lodging-house. 14 rooms;
cheap rent; no agents. 923% Mission st., op-
posite Mint ave.
$SCO— ELEGANTLY furnished flat, 9 rms.; lease;
$1000 ins. Mclaughlin & co.. my, Market
TEN-ROOM house, bath; well furnished; bar-
gain; hours 2 to 6 p. rn. Apply 149 Russ st.
McALLISTER, 749— Furniture of 7-room flat
for sale; $250.
WANTED — For cash, good 15 to 25 room house;
central: well fnrnl3hed. Address box 668. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCK WAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Wednesday, Thursday, Fri., 8:15 p m. ;
25c. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
A-MRS. 'DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader: mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader; reveals past, pres-
ent, future; 60c. 1007& Market St., near Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings!, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell et. ; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8. p. m. ; Wednesday, ladles, 2:30
p. m., 10c; reading's daily, 50c.
Mustafa — Egyptian materializing seance. Sun.,
Wed., Fri., 8 p.m., 25c; sittings daily. 1610 Bush.
MRS. LESTER, circles Sun., Tues. and Thurs.,
8 p.m.; 10c; readings daily. 148 Sixth, r. 12.
HARMACHEIS, greatest living. occult medium,
healer; read.; treatments daily. 332 O'Farrell.
EARLE, independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; teL
Polk 1601; seance Tues., Thurs., Sun., S p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. a J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay-Circle to-
night and Wednesday, 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m.
PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth St.— Readings, 50c, SI;
clr. Sun.. Tues., Thurs. and Fri. nights, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. v
. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portray, events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles,. consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
26c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
BE sure and read of ISMAR'S wonderful power
on page 15 to-day.
A-LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
\u25a0: HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
\u25a0 he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st.; readings by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born . with double >vell — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life 'reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
: to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
.reads your life correctly; tells past, preeent,
future ;full names given ;slttings 50C.326A Ellis.
MRS. ARMSTRONG, scientific palmist, astrol-
ogf st. clairvoyant reader; 50c, $1; hours, 1 to
5. 7 to 9. 1055 Broadway, Oakland, room 8.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken, 25c up. 777%Market St., room 18.,
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
25c. gents We; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued.
"LINCOLN,"
"CLAIRVOYANT AND HIGH PSYCHIST."
If you are troubled about any affairs of life
consult Lincoln, and you can rest assured
that you have at last found help; the world
will look brighter to you; your affairs will,
under his advice and help, go smoothly; no
\u25a0 matter what your trouble may be, Lincoln
can help you.
This wonderful mw has helped thousands
to contentment ana happiness, and he can
help you.
Don't be discouraged because others have
proved untruthful; call on Lincoln and you
: will find an honest, truthful gentleman, who
will plainly tell you the cause of your trou-
ble, and will also show you how to remove
it; he gives advice on love, law, divorce, mar-
riage, lost or stolen property, stocks, min-
• ing ventures, and, in fact, all the Ills which
the human family are heir to; call at once
and he will prove to you that there is at least
one honest, reliable clairvoyant in your
midst.
LADIES WHO CALL ON MR. LINCOLN
CAN RELY UPON BEING TREATED AS
LADIES; ALL COMMUNICATIONS STRICT-
LY CONFIDENTIAL; READINGS BY
MAIL. PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 125
TURK ST.
j . - - .
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206' Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MRS. E? L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader; ladles 25c. gents SOc. 28 Sixth st.
MRS. MALLORY, spiritual card reader; Bend
stamp for cir.; L., 25c; G. f 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader;ladles 25c,
gents EOc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel Jessie' 1563.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448^4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relaid. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.,
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 4c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works ;prlces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 128.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
!_0EO^i_^^vr3__?_J_Y^A^e^cy^^o"chTrg« un-
lees successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; large grounds;
rents $37 50. 3491 17th st., cor. Guerrero.
LOVELY sunny cottage, corner Dolores and
Nineteenth sts., $18; water free; modern.
NEARLY new modern cottage, 4 rooms, bath.
4020 Twenty-third st.> bet. Noe and Castro.
$6 — COTTAGE, 4 rooms; worth' $12 in city; near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver St., off Third.
DENTISTS. r.
A-DR.*T. S. HIGGINS, 927 M_*keT~streetT
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold tilling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
.guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 80» Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, -rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
_ p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice. free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years ; crowns, $3 BO ; fillings.
- 60c; plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth St.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 23a
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. oT
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH 815%Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up ;phonePolkll35
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate avp.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education ; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
• for men st the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition $. r i0 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
structor Geo. H. Boke of Jurisprudence dept.
HEALD'S School of Mines, 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Thorough courses; complete equipment; all
subjects pertaining to mining and mining en-
gineering; day and night.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A NEW and quick- method to become dancing
teachers; also pupils trained to become ar-
tists for the stage, at IRVINE'S Academy,
421 Post St.; teachers always In demand. •
HEALD'S School of Electrical Engineering-
Theory, demonstration, construction; labora-
tory and shop work; thoroughly practical:
day and night. 24 Post st., San Francisco.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school fcr the university, \u25a0 law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens October 7. Full Information write D.
MACLEAN. M. P.. dean. Donohoe bldg.. S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
. positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ACCOMPANYING as an art; 20 lessons; voice
culture (Italian meth.). Mrs. Catchlngs, from
Europe & N. Y., Tuea... Fri., 1678 Washington.
MERRILL- MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
. rott bldg.; Individual -Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
• vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der NalUen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures ; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR,' the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course : of Ellis bookkeeping and the
.Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market St.
SPANISH. French.etcProf.DeFllippe'sAcademy
ofLangruages,320Post; estab' d 1871; ablest profs.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish,
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st,
EMPLOY_ffiMT WANTEP-gAIX_
GENTLEMAN owning his horse »»* *^!_ t f,£:
siree position with responsible firm
or collecting; w^^Mr 1 *
Address J. B. S.. box 5o9. Call office.
EXPERIENCED jewelry salesman; »fcus to _r*
to fine trade; had business of his own. Box
1051. CaU office.
SITUATION wanted as Private »«« e c t * ry an > 5
SS__2f c^rruntryip offences.
Address box 1067. Call office.
cttt tatiov wanted by honeat young gentle-
_aan; best of references. Box 106b. CalL
558, Call office.
*ESKr_a5s_?W--S_." s t:
box 579. Call office. \u25a0
*?__fia_4r;-Sr%3-S
SScT^a.rr__SS_ *_<!__ ,O_!v
SMITH, 232 Montgomery st.
GARDENER. German, understands the care of
greenhouse and propagating, can <to seneral
work around private place, wants situation.
good references. M. B.. box 1100. Call office.
WORK aa bookkeeper, cashier, expert «wo« n *-
ant. business manager, ordinary clerk or as-
sistant or second assistant, or «_"«"«« *®
make a living; large experience ; electric
quickness; linguist. N. R. G-. bo* -M3. Call.
STEADY, sober. Industrious man with^ good
references wishes permanent employment In
institution or with a company aa watenman
or any other position where he can be use-
ful- is handy with any kind of tools; ; good ac.
countant; not afraid of work. Box 101a. CaU.
GENTLEMAN who has visited all continent*
and is conversant with eight languages, wish-
es to act as traveling companion or secretary;
best references. Box 1021. Call office.
WIDEAWAKE salesman la open for engage-
ment; can handle almost anything; satisfao-
tory references given. Address box 1020. Call,
A FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber will work
by the day or week for property owner or
estate; has all necessary shop tools; rerer-
ences. Box 1053. CaU office.
YOUlJG man (24), experienced _tenographer,
typewriter and office man, wants position;
refs.^ personal Interview solicited. Box 690,
Call ofnee. ___
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private)
family; steady and fine all-round man; very
best references and personaJ from last em-
ployer. Andreas this week, M. M,. 221 Sixth.
EXPERIENCED, trustworthy American; good
references; wants country or private place to
care for during owner's absence; accustomed
to orchard, poultry, horses. Plain gardening.
etc.; moderate wages. Box £08. Call offlce.
AN honest young man living with parent-
wants a position with a wholesale firm wher«
there Is a chance for advancement: wages no
object: best of references furnished. Box
525. Call office. .
WANTED by a married man. eob«r and steady
—A position In stable; city or country; 1»
stranger in city; best of references. Box MS.
Call.
WANTED— Position with lumber or mill com-
pany by young man of ability and wide ex-
perience; graduate of an Eastern school.
Box 531. CaU offlce.
A POSITION as watchman or Janitor Is want-
ed by one who Is strictly temperate. Box 538,
Call olflce. •
WANTED— Position as salesman or shipping
clerk by an active young man: well connect-
ed; good at figures. Box 555. CaU offlce.
RELIABLE man wants position as porter in
commission house; best of reference; can fur-
nish security bond If necessary. Boa 533. Call.
DENTIST desires a position as assistant In
ofnee; references given if desired. Box 847.
Call ofiice.
A GENTLEMAN, honest, reliable, with best
reference, wants collecting to do. Box 54&,
Call offlce.
EXPERT operator and demonstrator of steam
carriages desires position; also capable sales-
man. Box 526. Call office.
SITUATION by young man as coachman and
gardener; can milk; handy with tools. Box
. 777. Call offlce. \u25a0 _
MAN and wife wish positions: city or country;
reference-. Box 539. Call offlce.
RELIABLE middle-aged German wishes posi-
tion as watchman. G. VOSS. 221 Second st.
A PRACTICAL tailor (cutter) wishes sitUAtlon.
Box 550. Call offlce.
PERSONS who may have need of the serrtce*.
but whose business does not warrant the em-
ployment of a bookkeeper, can have their
books written up and cared for by an expe-
rienced man on reasonable terms; highest
references. Address H. B. L., box 705. Call.
WANTED— Porter or janitor work by expe-
rienced strong man; good habits; Industrious;
all around man; references unquestionable;
wages no object. Box 709. Call office.
STEADY man wants position In wholesale
warehouse or factory; good all around man;
wages not less than $1 75 per day. Box 521.
Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by flrst-class planer.
matcher, rip saw and endless belt man; good
engineer, stickerman and handy around ma-
chinery. C. McG.. 713 Mission st.
AS planing mill foreman by woodworking ma-
chinist: yard and offlce experience. Box
713. Call offlce.
YOUNG Englishman. 24. respectable, willlnj
and of good habits, wishes employment of
any kind. Box £24. Call office.
PACKER and shipper; grlass, china and gen-
eral . merchandise; middle-aged; want steady
Job; references. Box 514, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE. 20 Prospect
place.
WISH place as cook In boarding-house or In-
stitution in the city. Address CHEE & UNO.
20 Prospect place.
YOUNG Japanese boy 'wishes situation aa »
school boy. FRANK OGAWA. 515 O'Farrell.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as »
school boy. FRANK IWASAKI. 515 CyFarrell.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as m
school boy. GEO. OBATA. 583 Ge«_— at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia et.
EXCHANGE. 1
SHIP owners— Exchange $8000 equity city front
property for small steamboat. P. O. boat 478.
Santa Cruz.
FIXAXCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed- stock
taken in payment for services; good'minln*
and Industrial propositions wanted; a-old
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATE3 MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 328 Post J? 1 *™**
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— W '•
have 42 office- In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; co mDanies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— Loan of $1500 on improved cits- real
-^_r t &^u,r,r^yjr >tg c^
FI_A.T S TO LET.
2 * Sbrader st.. near Halght; brand new
upper flat of 6 rooms and bath; never occu-
l !«;„ W"£f ie1 '. tlnted -"* decorated;
& rioir nd i,_ U ?, : select n*«-hborhood.
xi^xun & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
NEW upper flat of 10 large rooms; bay-wln-
IZ,^ ev _- nr < room: ffrand vlew = elegant
!E2Jh ' • keepln * n « expense to tenant.
Northwest cor. PortoLvand Duboce Park^oft!
Waller st.. bet. Pierce and steiner. %
A 7- SUNI^ Y "f w flat of 7 rooms; open plumb-
lng; reduced rent. 2414 Van Ness ave., near
union st.
N S W iv 9 ", r ° On ?J Ia V • le * i »«y. furnished; cen-
Call fl ? cate<1: f-rniture for sale. Box 1023»
E rv_,Ih 9!4 T Flat: , north s!de - bet - Franklin and
Frn?r&em:nf, ntly decorated - 9 """i ""><*«"
A u^ EWf 8Un . ny> 4 I ? 0ms ' Porcelain bath.
14» Green st.. near Van Ness ave.
DE^ 1 r R . AB1 ? : •" r «>~ f— t and bath: $25. Apply
premiaea from 2 to S. 1920 FlUmore Bt,
F l?Si fla *V, • ~~" *«<* bath; basement; nice
yard. . 133 Castro at., near Fifteenth.
FLAT. 3723 Twenty-third st.; 5 rooms, bath;
US; near cars. •»_— .
yXWfZ&Z**: 5 sunny "-^^
____jgl£S7 S 7 ClO8 * ta -
NRW .urmy i ow^ flat> 7 rooma . modern t
J_t«.» P«» 1 to 6 dally. Van New and 1 UnloV
*rt N i^' M^ ra; 3 kltcnen »: corner bay win-'
__gow: middle; modern. Key 417H Third st.
"CfrJ 51 ?™^ Iow ' r flat - 5 room s and bath $11
_»» Laguna it., near Union.
_r;nf n ch !!,p-. \^' c^'sF^_» aay " ;
1 " nt "• im M " ket "" OPPOSE
ASTROLOGY. . j.^^
ASTROLOGY— Your immediate prospects and
test sketch of life by an expert predictionist;
6end date of birth, sex and 12c. PROF. SER-
f RANO, box 5238, Boston. Mass.
___________ ___ .
Phonograph life delineator of character and
destiny: never Introduced- before. 1823 Scott
St., near Pine, 1 to 6 p. m. daily.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading, 50c; by mall, 60c. 1163 Market st.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
YOUNG boy wanted to board in refined fam-
ily;, references exchanged. ; MRS. GEORGE
SANDOW, 762 Clayton st.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 5607 California st.
A GOOD home for two small children. 25 John
St., between Powell and Mason.
BOOKS — NEW AM) OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-708-708 Mission 6t.
TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
lit SINK S3 CHA.MJJ-S.
A — MY busy cigar stand can be bought for a
-very low fisrure; account sickness; elegant
fixtures; fine location; laundry agency; high
class trade; slot machines pay rent. See' my
agents. HEDGES BROS., 410 Parrott bldg.
A — BUSINESS near Orpheum Theater making
$100 per mo.; fine place for any one with
small capital to engage In a safe, established
cash business. See HEDGES BROS., 410
Parrott building.
A— $190— BEAUTIFUL Market-st. cigar stand,
netting $2 50 daily; sacrificed; account
rheumatism. Ask HEDGES BROS., 410 Par-
rott buildlnz.
BAZAAR and stationery; splendid loca-
tion; fine business; good stock Price $1000
Confectionery, Sixth St.; rent $30 400
Cigar stand; central; building, etc.? 1200
Branch bakery; rent $14; good stock 200
Country hotel; fine proposition 2000
Country hotel; 42 rs. ; rent $60; furniture.. 1000
; Many business openings at bargain prices.
SCHWEINHARD, Real Estate As;ent.
S17 Market St., rooms 1 and 2, opp. Mason.
ATTENTION, buyers — Lodging-house, 9 rms.,
price $350; 12 rms., $250, with piano; rooming-
house, 41 rms.; rooming and boarding, 12
rms.; hotel, 40 rms. ; restaurant on Market
St.. a great bargain, $600;. restaurant on Third
St., price $1000. For chances for any business
call on McBRIDE & CO., Auctioneers and
Real Estate, 1016 Market st., opposite Fifth;
WANTED — An energetic business man with
$1250 as partner in old-established coal busi-
ness clearing $300 per month; fine large horses
, and wagons; large stock on hand; or will sell
the whole; stock and Improvements Invoice
$3000. J. H. STANTON. 47 Post st.
$2500— PARTNER wanted; 200 per cent abso-
lutely safe. See STANTON (my agent), 34
Kearny st.
PHOTO gallery; best location on Market st. ;
long lease; flrst-class business; cause of Rale,
other business. Mitchell & Co., 1208 Market.
SALOON; all new fitted up; good stock; rent
$45; good business; must sell; leaving city; in-
vestlgate. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
$175— A SACRIFICE — Delicatessen store doinsr a
nice business; 3 living rooms; rent $16. See
R. G. WILKE at once, 26V4 Kearny st.
$425— PARTNER in fine saloon; select business
location; could not be better: a grand open-
ing for a steady man; not necessary to have
all the money. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
A— DELICACY 6tore; S living rooms; average
business $10 per day; good reasons for selling.
M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
J350 — PARTNER; bus. estab.; good opportunity
for steady man. Cal. Bus. Assn., 865% Market.
FOR sale— In San Jose, one-half Interest In a
paying livery stable, the bmt located In the
city: has 30 regular boarders; sickness of
one of partners is only reason for selling;
remaining partner is No. 1 man; will bear
the closest investigation and investigation
Invited. For further particulars call or ad-
dress J. R. CHACE, &4 North First St., San
Jose, Cal. \u25a0
' A BRANCH bakery to let at 1259" 6th ave.,
S. San Francisco; with 4 rooms, large yard
and garden; rent $12 per month.
BAKER and confectioner with a fine plant,
store on business street, team and route, de-
Blres partner who understands bread baking
or delivery; $1000 required; fine opportunity
for right man. Apply 632 Market St.. room 23.
$650 INVESTED this week will furnish im-
mediate and steady employment at $2 50 daily
besides paying at least 200 per cent yearly
profit; absolutely safe^ honest and legitimate
in every particular. Box 1008, Call office.
I HAVE a patented household article which
has proven a money-maker; \u25a0with $500 could
have them manufactured in the East at one-
third cost; no humbug; business proposition.
Box 663, CaU office.
A — RARE chance; established 20 years; station-
ery and notions; 3 living rooms; will be sold
at a sacrifice on account of death in family;
call Sunday, between 2 and 6 p. m. 460 Third.
$15 PER month; best and oldest blacksmith
shop in California; everything complete;
worki all year around; srood chance for live
man. Business Board of Trade. 326 Pine Et.
U. S. PATENT for sale; Just the thing for
manufacturing business; used by farmers,
ranchmen and railroads; can call with mfcdel
' Tuesday afternoon. Box 775. Call office.
WANTED— Business man with $15,000 to Invest
In a manufacturing company and act as
treasurer and look after the office end of the
business. Box 604, Call office.
WANTED — Developed or undeveloped coal, cop-
per, gold, nickel, nitre, clnanbar, borax and
salt properties for cash. ORRIN H. SAVAGE,
137 Montgomery gt. '. jw
WE sell, lease and exchange hotels in any lo-
cality. Rooms 33. 8th floor. Mills bldg., San
Francisco, and 247 S. Broadway, Los Angeles;
established in 1832.
SALOON for sale — Bar and fixtures, piano and
5 living rooms, all furnished, only $400. In-
quire at once, THEO. GIETt CO., Oakland.
SALOON for sale— On account of sickness of
owner; good trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO., San Rafael, Cal.
DELICATESSEN'; established several years;
paying monthly profit of $250; will teach buyer
business; price $16W. Box 1002, Call office..
STOCK, fixtures, etc., of an electrical supply
and construction business for sale on very
easy terms. Address box 588, Call office.
$22 50— FURNISHED cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
242 Chattanooga st., near Twenty-third and
Dolores; may rent unfurnished, $18. .
250 THOROUGHBRED 'White Leghorn pullets,
incubator and brooders for sale; 45_-acre
ranch for rent. Address box 1017, \u25a0 Call office.
A SNAP — Lunch counter; doing a good busi-
ness; cheap: no bonus; good reason for .sell-
ing. Box 532. Call office.
LADY wants gentleman buy Interest establish-
ed business; terms suit buyer. Box 865. Call.
CIGAR store cheap. Inquire 423.Sansome St.,
this Sunday morning, ' bet. 9 and 12 o'clock.
WANTED— Partner, man or woman, in paying
poultry business. Address box 1016, Call.
SALOON, wholesale district; must be sold on
account of sickness; $1800.. Box 1028, Call.
FOR sale— Restaurant, 416 Third street.
FOR Sale— Candy store, icecream and tamale
parlor; 3 living rooms. 1506 Howard st.
$3000— NICE clean hardware business In R R.
county seat; good town; good business; great
sacrifice. Address box 846, Call Office.
RESTAURANT in residence part, flourishing-
and finely paying, for sale; having other prop-
osition; price $550. Particulars F. ANTHES,
care Caswell & Co., 412 Sacramento Et.
$1300 — OLD established hack business; 3 hacks,
4 horses and harness; cheap rent; doing good
business; must be sold at once, on account
of sickness. G. C. YOUNG, Petaluma, Cal.
$150 To $500— The best poor man's chai.ee to
travel and make a raise. Box 627, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale, on account of sick-
ness; established 40 yeais. 207. Third st.
WANTED— Good butcher to rent an old estab.
paying shop. Cor. Geary and Devisadero.
GROCERY for sale; across bay; doing a good
business; price $2750; a good opening. Ad-
dress box 75S, Call.
FOR BALE— The Call agency In Santa Cruz;
price 11200.-
$300 AND $S60— Fine opportunity to Invest In '
established blackslmth business; price in each
case covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
dress box 283, Call olflce.
CIGAR and tobacco store for sale; one of the
best outside town; on account of poor health.
Box £22, Call. \u25a0 .
FOR SALE— A good paying restaurant. Apply
210 Tcwnsend at., near Third. . •
$50— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, laundry,
4 suitable for lady. 437 Fulton st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; outfit good. Ap-
ply at 9 Drumm et. -. .. \u25a0
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
TEN rooms; Sutter; worth $1000; rent $55.. $750
1 14 rooms; Geary; first-class; oak f urn.. 1250
18 rooms; rent $55; fine velvet carpets.... 1400
28 rooms, rent & water $96, half cash 2400
M. A RIVES. 916 Market st; teL Main '128,
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS* OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRAJsCH OFFICES— 521 ilonteomcry street,
corner Clay; open until »:30 p. m.
SCO Kayes street; open until S:SO p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until »:30 p. m.
tlj JLark.m ttreet: open until 5:30 D. m.
1241 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
• S261 Market <ttreet, corner Sixteenth; open j
until S if. in. i
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. in.
Northwest corner Twenty-second ar.d Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
aoe Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CIILUCH SERVICES.
TRINITY Church. San Francisco— Services for
Sunday. October, 6: Holy communion, 7:30
and 11 a. ra. Morning service, 11 a. m.
Preacher, Right Kev. Kdgar Jacobs. D. L>..
Lord Biehop or Newcastle. Arternoon, 3:30
o'clock: Children's mass meeting, under the
presidency of the Bishop of California.
Speaker?, the Bishop of Kouth Dakota, th«
Kev. Dr. Herman L. Duhring. special agent j
of the board for the Lenten oHering, and Wil-
liam H. Butler of Central Pennsylvania. I
Evening. 8 o'clock: Triennial sermon before
the Board of Missions. Preacher (appointed j
by the presiding iiii'hop), the Bishop of
Shanghai.
A— CHURCH of St. Mary the Virgin (Episco-
pal), corner Steiner and Union sts.— L'nion-
et. cars pass the door; high zaass at 11 a. hi.;
masses of the masters, arranged for St. Mary
the Virgin, with organ and wind instrument
accompaniment; bolemn vespers of the Virgin
Mary at 4 in the afternoon; "Ave Maria,"
"Greporians," "O Salutaris" and "Tantum
Krgo," arranged ior St. Man' the Virgin;
John Haraden Pratt, F. C. M.. director of the
choir; mass said daily at 7:30 a. i:i.; vespers
daily at 5 p. m.
CHURCH of St. John the Evangelist. Fifteenth
et.. between Mission and Valencia — The
preacher at tbe 11 a. m. service will be the
Right Rev. William Lawrence. D. D., Bishop
of Massachusetts, and the preacher at the
7:43 p. m. service will be the Right Rev. G.
Mott Williams. D. D.. Bishop of ilarquette.
Mich. Rector, Rev. L. C. Sanford, 120 Julian
& venue. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0':.: .'
6T. PAUL'S Church, California St.. near Fill-
more— Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly. rector. Holy
communion, 7:30 a. m., celebrant the Right
Rev. Bishop of Milwaukee. Sunday school,
8:15 a. m.; 11 a. m.. Litany service, sermon
and holy communion; preacher, the Right
Rev. I. J. Nicholson, D. D.. Bishop of Mil-
waukee; 7:45 o'clock, evening service and ser-
mon; preacher the Right Rev. O. W. Whit-
aker, Bishop of* Pennsylvania.
CATHEDRAL Mission of the Good Samaritan,
Second St., near Folsom— Rev. J. P. Turner In
charge; Rev. H. A. R. Ramsay, assistant.
Holy communion. 7:30 a. m. Holy commu-
nion and sermon by the Rev. W. R. Hunting-
ton. D. D., rector of Grace Church, New
York, at 11 a. m. choral evensong and 6er-
monDr the Rev. John Henry Hopkins, rector
of the Church of the Epiphany, Chicago. 7:45
p. m.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion Bt.. between Sixth and Seventh— Pastors,
Rev. Arthur H. Brieg-s and Rev. Herbert F.
Brlggs. Preaching by the pastors at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. in. Morning topic, "The Great Com-
memoration," followed by the sacrament of
the Lord's Supper. Evening topic. "A Choice
and Its Issues." Sunday school. 12:45 p. m.,
Rclla V. Watt superintendent. The Sunday
school \u25a0will make its offering for the McKinley
memorial fund. Christian Endeavor Society.
6:30 p. m.. Dr. E. 13. Kelly leader. Installa-
tion of officers by the pastors. Musical ser-
vices undirr the direction of Roscoe Warren
Lucy. Seats free. All the people are welcome.
EIMPSON* Memorial M%thodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
st 11 a. m. on "The Strenuous Life." "At
7:30 p. m. th« monthly musical service will
be given by the large choir. Choruses from
the great oratorios, solos, male and mixed
quartets. I. E. Blake, director: Miss Mabel
Jones, organist. Seats free. All invited.
BtTBH-ST. Chapel, between Hyde and Larkin —
Willway Treadwell will tell" of the infamous
murders and cruelties done upon the Jews and
upon the saints of the most high for 1900
years by the Christian churches and by the
sovereigns of the world, text Matt. xxvii:25,
morning at 11 o'clock: also the ble^singrs that
the saints have Inherited from A. D. S3 to
1901 text John xlx:15, evening at 7:45 o'clock.
Y. P. S. C. E.. 6:30 p. m. Jews are kindly
and respectfully Invited to hear Jewish his-
tory.
UNITARIAN Church {First), eouthwest corner
of Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. min-
ister emeritus; Charles A. llurdock. superin-
tendent of Sunday school. The Sunday school
is at 10 o'clock. The morning service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. >Ir. Leavitt will preach; sub-
ject, "The Making of Idols." All are cor-
dially Invited. There is no evening sen-ice.
tJNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
end Twentieth sts. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 9:15 o'clock.
Morning theme. Browning's "Saul"; evehlng
theme, "The Higher Law."
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavla Ets. — Rev. John IlemphlH.
D. D., pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredg-e. as-
sociate pastor. Dr. Hemphill will preach at
11 a. m. and after the sermon, the sacrament
of the Lord's Supper will be observed and
members will be received into the church.
Mr. Eltfredge will preach at 7:45 jk m.; topic,
"A Change for the Better." Morning t-ab-
bath echool at 9:45 o'clock. Afternoon Sab- 1
bath school at 12:30 o'clock. Y. P. S. C. E..
6:30 p. m.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Xess
ave. and Sacramento st. — Services at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 12:43 p. m. I
Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. P.ev. W. K. ;
Guthrie will preach in the morning and the >
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie in the evening. [
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner of
Seventh ave. and Clement Et— Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence, S?15 Jackson St.;
telephone Pine 4475. 11 a. ra.. communion
service, baptism and reception of members;
7:45 p. m., eermon to young men, by request;
eubject. "The Eternity of Character." Sun-
day school, 8:45 a. m. C. E. Society. 6:45 p.
m. Seats free. A cordial Invitation to these
services is given to all who can attend them.
E1IMANTTEL Baptist Church. Bartlett et.,
near Twenty-third — Rev. J. George Gibson,
pastor. Communion service, 11 a. m. Even-
ing, 7:45 o'clock, sixteenth organ recital and
sacred concert. Soloists — Tenor. W. Walker;
bassos, Robert .Tones. W. Grandeman; bary-
tones. W. \V. Bradford and Rev. J. G«o— «
Gibson. Violin solo by Paul A. Nonnand.
Organist. Miss Lotta Underbill. %
SEVENTH Day Adventlst Church. 614 Laguna
6t., between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
\u25a0.—Preaching' this evening at 7:3i> o'clock by
the pastor. Elder W. S. Sadler; subject,
"Christian Science In the Light of Revela-
tion and Science." All are cordially invited
to attend. Seats fre*.
FEIEXriB' meeting at Sunshine Hall. 92S Har-
rison St.. near Sixth — First day (Sunday), Oc-
tober 6, at 11 a. in. Rev. Horace Houldlng,
who has spent 6_" years as missionary in
China, expects to be present and address the
meeting; aleo "at the evening meeting at 7:30.
Sabbath school at same place, 3 p. m.. E.
Hoskins superintendent. Come and meet with
Vie. Bring your friends.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block, 223 Sutter St., between Kearny Et. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. ; subject of lesson-sermon. "Are Sin,
Disease and Death Real?" Sunday school
for children at the eame hour. Wednesday
evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-
rooms, 206 Kearny St., rooms 509-510. All are
welcome.
GOSPEL tent, corner Page and Gough pts., one
block from Market— Continuation of lectures
on "The Tabernacle In the Wilderness," by
Evangelist J. McDonald. Illustrated by magic
lantern. To-day at 3 and 7:45 p. m. and each
evening during week except Saturday at 7:45.
All cordially invited. Admission free. No
collection. Come.
•'RELIGION' of the Future"; free public lec-
ture to-nlBtit at 8 o'clock, at headquarters
Tbeososphical Society. Flood building. 809
Market St.; lecturer, MIfs Marie A. Walsh.
All cordially Invited. Bible class Sundays,
11 a. m. Inquirers* meeting, "Theosophical
Principles," Thursdays. 2:30 to 4: free lend-
ing library open Monday, Thursday and Sat-
urday, 1 to 4 p. m., and Saturday evenings.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Maeon and Ellis
Ets. — Mass meeting for men to-day at 3
o'clock. Address by Bishop Potter of New
York. Seats free to all men.
THE TheoFophical Society— Public lecture to-
. night at 8 o'clock in Odd Fellows' building
by Miss J. C. Brodie; subject, "Reincarnation
and Memory." The polden chain, the chil-
dren's class, meets Sunday morning at 11
o'clock. Lending library open dally from 1
to 4 o'clock; also on Tuesday evening from
7:50 to 9 o'clock.
SIEETIXGS SCXDAY.
AA-DrTjOHN A. KERGAN will lecture this
evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 909
Market et-» Subject. "Blood and Nerves;" to
be followed by magnificent views of Old Mis-
sions of California. Those attending may pro-
cure free tickets for X-ray exhibition at sani-
tarium Tuesday evening. Seats free; no col-
lection. Remember the Question Box.
C. V. MILLER'S world's greatest, most famous
materializing medium; come, see your spirit
friends face to face, sneaking to them as in
life; eeances Sunday. Tuesday and Friday, S
p. m. 1CS4 Bush st.; 50c
BROCXWAY'S 25c psychic eeance to-night;
every one receives a test; full name* and
queetiens answered. If you are in doubt and
trouble «md wish advice attend this seance.
29S Hyde st.. Eddy.
A — GRAND spiritual test meeting, 909 Market
rear hall; 11. free; 2-8. 10c. Mr. Swan, Mmes.
• Maxwell. Stoddard. Wrenn, McFee, inspira-
tional singer, three languages; others; good
muelc.
AT lower Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin Et., to-
night. Prof. Gee. the platform medium, will
pive many startling tests; music, by Mrs.
Van Tassel and daughter; 10c
ALEE. the Egyptian— Materializing seance
Sun., Wed., Fri., 8 p. m., 25o. 1610 Bush Bt.
MEETING NOTICES— SUNDAY— Cob.
A— TEST meeting, 909 Market st., front hall;
11, free; 2-S, 10c; good mediums; good music;
quarterly meeting, 4 p. .m. all members re-
quested to be present. \u25a0
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. Occidental Hall,
305 Larkin St., Oct. 6. 7:30 p. m.— Speaker,
Mrs. R. S. Lillle; admission free^
MRS7~EBERHARDT'S meeting, Tues., Thurs.
and Sunday eve. 3250 22d st., bet. Mission and
Valencia; 8 p. m.; 10c. . •
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister: 10c; come skeptics.
HARMACHEIS. mystic; greatest living occult
med.; lect., tests to-night; 10c; 332 O'Farrell.
MRS. STODDARD— Convincing tests to all: cir-
cles, 10c; Hun., Tues.; readings daily. 278 9th.
ARNOLD DICKSON; marvelous materializing
seance, to-night. 8. Readings dally. 201 Turk.
OAKLAND Woodman Hall, Twelfth St.— Spirit-
ual test meetings, 2:30-7:45. Prof. Perkins.
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's test meeting to-night,
10c; prophetic readings. 50c, $1. 148 Sixth st.
MRS GILLINGHAM'S spirtual test meeting
this evening, 10c. 306 Larkin; hours 1 to 5.
"NOW" lectures; Henry Harrison Brown, Odd
Fellows' bldg.. 8 p. ro.; muBlc; seats free.
EARLE will demonstrate his marvelous slate-
writing power to-night. 328 Ellis st.
FREE photograph reading lecture; 8 this eve.;
330 Ellis st.; each bring a picture.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society, 310 O'Farrell st.— Public meeting to-
night; subject, "The Mysteries of Incarna-
tion," by Dr. J. A. Anderson and Mrs.
Somers. Musical selections. All invited.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 183, O. E. S.
—The members are requested to attend _g_ .
the funeral of our late brother, WAL- ""W"
TER A. BURKHARDT. from the Ma " ,
sonic Temple, 8 Post St.. at 1:30 p. "m.. TO-
DAY. By order of the W. M.
ISADORA HORTON. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. & A. M. •
—Officers and members are requested -~f\ M
to attend the funeral of our deceased jLTK.
Brother. WALTER ANTON BURK-/^T^
HARDT. on Sunday, Oct. 6, at 1 p. m. By
order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIBDB. Sec.
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodge «___fe.
No. 3, I. O. O. F., are hereby tgj^RSS
notified to assemble at Memorial "-^3»«g5r
Hall, Odd FellowB* building, 1i- /nv^
SUNDAY, Oct. «, at 12:30 o'clock, -for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
treasurer, Brother E. EDWARDS.
M. BRILLIANT. N. G.
J. W. E. ALLEN. Rec. Sec. \u25a0
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.—
Initiation TO-MORROW iMOX- \u25a0^Vj^3&
DAY), October 7. Visiting broth-
ers cordially invited- \u25a0!;„
CHAS. O. PARADIfl. N. G.
frank McDonald, r. s. \
APOLLO Degree Team No. 123, I. O. <«___,
O. F., will confer the second de- sSSSsfc:
gree on 3 candidates tor Excelsior 1
No. 310. I. O. O. F.. at Excelsior \u25a0'\u25a0tfflnw
Hall 2319 Mission St., MONDAY EVENING,
October 7. 190L at 8 o'clock. Brethren In-
vited. O. M. COLBURN, N. G.
E. A. WHEELER. R. 8.
JOINT picnic given by Portuguese Protective
and Benevolent A6sociation and ladies of
' Portuguese Protective Union of California,
Sunday, October 6; 1901, at Shell Mound
Park, Berkeley. The First Regiment Band
of Oakland has been engaged for this oc-
casion, also a fine string band for dancing
In the upper hall in the Azorean style. Ad-
mission to the park, 25 cents; children under
12 years free. Association leaves on 10 a.
m. boat.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
rrocess from G. F. Edwards, in the Phllo
Haven Consolidated placer mine, near Gold
Lake, Sierra Co., to deposit tajlings in Mud
Lake, which drains into Frazier Creek; from
the Purdy Creek Mining Co., in the Purdy
Creek mine, near French town, Yuba Co., to
deposit tailings, in Purdy Creek; from Ed-
ward Bryan, in the Chaparral Hill gold
gravel mine, near Onion Valley. Plumas Co,,
to deposit tailings in Berg Creek, and fr6m
the Norwegian Mining Co., in their mine
near Tuttletown, Tuolumne Co., to deposit
tailings in Jackass Gulch, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on October 21,
1S01, at 1:30 r>. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY, October 8. 1901. at 11 o'clock a. m. By
order of the Board of Directors.
ALVEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ADOPTION. '
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy In- '
fants. Dr. Emllle Funke, 141S 8th St., Alameda.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUXKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
1 AGENTS, also general traveling & resident dis-
trict managers to handle the only authorised,
official, authentic life of President McKinley;
also giving lives of our other martyr Presi-
dents, Lincoln & Garfield; complete Inside
history of the villainous workings of the an-
archistic societies; profusely Illustrated; over
o»0 pages; liberal commissions to agents & a
straight guaranteed salary to those in the ad-
vanced positions; you never had a better op-
portunity to make big money quick than you
have to-day; you can make $500 a month for
the next three months pushing this marvelous
book; strike now while the Iron is hot; do not
delay, for every day Is worth from $10 to $20
to you; and bear in mind that if you demon -
Btrate to us that you can sell books that later
in the fall we will be willing to employ you
under a straight-out, guaranteed salary to
appoint and instruct other agents; this is the
chance of a lifetime; credit given; freight
paid; outfit free; write to-day and send 10c
for postage on outfit. Co-operative Publishing
Co., 909-356 Dearborn St., Chicago.
AGENTS— Splendid chance to make money; our
new Pocket Atlas contains maps of every
State in Union and every country in the
world; also 1900 census complete; over 400
pages maps and descriptive matter; sells at
Eight; send 25c for sample and terms to
agents. Rand, McNally & Co.. Chicago. 111.
WE want agents for our economy harness riv-
eter; holds enough rivets to do several dollars
of repairing; yet sell?, when loaded, for $1:
can reload for 10c; agents with horse and
cart can make $200 per month selling them
to farmers and rig owners; send 50c in stamps
for sample and prices. FOOTB ECONOMY
CO.. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— 2 good solicitors by the Barr &
Widen Mercantile Agency Co.; permanent po-
sitions; $3000 to $5000 per year for right men;
must be hustlers with business qualifications;
no deposits or bonds; apply by letter: state
age and experience. Box 556. Call office.
LADIES or gents make $15 to $25 weekly; ex-
perience unnecessary; fastest seller ever of-
fered to public; used by everybody; samples
J5c; 2c for particulars. Queen City Chemical
Co., 1131 Gilbert ave., Cincinnati, O.
McKINLEY'8 Life, by Murat Halsted; best
author; best book; best terms: retails $1 50;
will ducllcate any offer on inferior books;
credit plven; freight paid; outfit free. J. S.
ZIEGLER & CO.. Chicago, 111.
CANVASSERS In Oakland. Alameda, San Jose,
San Mateo, Stockton for a book everybody
\u25a0wants : young ladles preferred; $2 50 per day
guaranteed; commissions. Address The Golden
Gate Book Agency, 239 Powell St., room 30.
4 ACTIVE, intelligent young ladles of good
presence to canvass for the most salable
book on tbe market: outfits free; $2 50 per
day guaranteed; commissions. Room 30, 233
Powell et., 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. ;
AGENTS wanted-Life of McKinley, BOO pages;
best book; 100 Illustrations; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO., Portland. Or.
Al agents In every town for McKinley souvenir
pictures; fast seller; sample 7c In postage. Ad-
dress HAGENS & CO., 508 California St., S. F.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
WANTED— An experienced man for 'building
and loan agency work; salary. Box 593. Cau.
GLOBE Portrait Co., removed to 1067 Market;
agents wanted; can make $3 to $5 a day.
AgPHALTPM . KOOFI3VG. \u25a0
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney,
314 Montgomery st,, rooms 8-9-10— Divorces
a Bpeclalty; private; fees low; estates pro-
bated; bankruptcy; collections; suits; titles
perfected; legal documents carefully drawn;
mortgages, legacies; real estate bought;
money loaned on securities; Insurance placed;
best companies, 30c on $100. P. B. TRAVERS,
Manager; open evenings. 418% Post st.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick,
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc.. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 yars. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 850 Markt st.
ADVICE f ree ;divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lectlons attachments ;mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds ; wills drawn; fees low;open
eve'e. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt.. r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee If suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. $27 Market St.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee If suc-
<_sful. E. R. SHIRRAN, 927 Market., r. 604.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket :t.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
. EDUCATIONAL— Coating* J.
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinist, etc.. for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory. 301 Jones at. •
VOICE culture,- limited number Of P«P*lf-
CARLOS M. KELLER, tenor soloist, 318
Taylor st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
LADY wanting to learn bookkeeping will pay
60o per hour; lady preferred. Box Mo. Call.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, ifuitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. ;
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house Sohool of Acting.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
.lessons. SOc; piano for practice. 33 Fifth at.
PROF. L. MEHKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
J^r^^B^a^d^Ch?n^sV^elp~oT~ail kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 13S.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 42« PowelI.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 507>.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT "W ANTED FEMALE.
A BOOKKEEPER, young lady. neat, with ex-
ceptional clerical ability, desires immediate
position; experienced stenographer, type-
writer, bookkeeper; salary moderate; refer-
ences. Box 541, Call office. _
COMPETENT lady stenographer, stranger In
city, desires .permanent position; 8 years' ex-
perlence. Box 1007, Call office. .
A YOUNG lady wishes position as saleslady;
wages no object. 800 Van Ness ave.
A FULLY capable and very refined young Eng-
lish lady desires a position as governess In a
highly respectable rich gentleman's family.
For further particulars address box 70». Call.
Al STENOGRAPHER desires position; 10
years' experience in law, commercial and rail-
road work; best of references. E. S. D., 3121
Broderlck st. ,
FIRST-CLASS millinery saleslady wants posi-
tion. Address box 518. Call office.
REFINED young woman, fond of children,
would like position as housekeeper. Address
box 715. Call office.
LADY proficient in English, Spanish and
French wishes a position as stenographer and
typewriter. K, box 599, Call office. '
WANTED— By a competent infant's nurse; city
or country; wages $25 to $30. Nurse, box 584,
Call office.
GOOD dressmaker on children's clothes and
also skirt hand wants work In families; $1 25
day and car fare. R. S., box 581, Call office.
TRAINED nurse would accompany sick lady
East. Box 575, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants general housework
across the bay; $26. Box 598, Call office.
A YOUNG girl would like to do upstairs work
In a small family: wages $8 to $10. Call Mon-
day at 110 Russ st. .
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wishes situa-
tion to do light housework; city or country:
references. Box 640, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, by day, week or
month; willing to assist with chamberwork.
Box 1019, Call office.
DRESSMAKER with the best of reference;
engagements by day; tailor and fancy dresses
and work taken home. 10 Metcalf place, near
'Mason St.. off Geary. .
RELIABLE woman will do housecleaning or
washing by the day. 15A Oak Grove ave.,
oft Harrison St., between Fifth and Sixth.
GIRL wishes a place with a nice Jewish fam-
ily to do housework; wages $20. Address
box 1024. Call office. .
GOOD laundress wants work by the day or
week. 1412B Bush st.
COMPETENT American woman wants work
by the day; housecleanlng; $150 p«r day.
Apply Box 664, Call office.
MOTHER and daughter want positions together
as cook. and housekeeper: both capable of
taking full charge; country. Box 773, Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman would like a few
engagements by the halfday at cleaning. 113
Austin ave.. near Polk. \
A COMPETENT woman (English) with refer-
ences wishes general housework by the day
in good families; reasonable. 230 Broderick
St.; home Sunday or after 5:30 p. m. week
days.
WOMAN wishes work by tha day washing,
ironing or housecleanlng. IS Ash ave.
RELIABLE) young woman wishes position to
do chamber work or work In kitchen. ' 701
Mission st. •
COMPETENT girl wishes position as second
girl or to take care of child; wages $20. 1233
Mission Et '
COMPETENT and experienced dressmaker de-
sires engagements In private families or
dressmaking establishment. Box 1026. Call.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as cook
(American or German); flrst-class references;
wages $35. Box 689. Call office.
STRONG, good, willing woman; a great house-
cleaner and can do moat any kind of work:
good references; wages $1 per day and car
fare; good washer of flannels. 88 3d St.. r. 18.
AN Eastern lady -wishes position as housekeep-
er; either city or country. 967 Washington
St., room 9. Oakland.
COMPETENT woman, cooking or housework;
wages $25. 822 Linden St., Oakland.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes work; $1 50 per
day; good cutter fitter; satisfactory work
done; suits remodeled. Address A. D., 1911
Mission- st. .
•(PERIENCED woman wishes position as
Tlurse to invalid lady or care of child; good
sewer; references. J. C, 750 O'Farrell st.
SWEDISH girl wishes place to do general
housework. W05 Wisconsin St., near 24th.
RELIABLE girl wishes situation to do general
housework and French and German cooking;
references: wages $25 to $30. 605Vi Stockton.
WANTED — General housework in small Ameri-
can family by American woman; good cook;
references; wages $25. Address box 578, Call.
2 YOUNG ladles wish positions in a hotel as
nuree girls: sleep home. 265^4 Clementina st.
WOMAN wishes to do mending and sewing.
602 Minna St., room 4.
YOUNG lady graduate of Heald's Business Col-
lege wishes position as bookkeeper and type-
writer (no shorthand); wages no object. Ad-
dress G v HARRISON, 10H Patton st.
YOUNG we wishes . position as working
housekeepei , city or country. Box 544. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has. been established at 1099
Valencia st. . .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...Phone~GranTl85
ATTENTION Hotel and Restaurant Men.
5 flrst-class chefs, German and Scandinavian:
3 flrst-class head waiters. Americans and
Germans, want situations, city or country,
exceptional references.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
YOUNG man wishes a position as an assistant
bookkeeper and bill clerk. Address ltHtf
.Russ et. ' •
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, city references,
wishes position; city or country. P. A. C.
207 Powell st. .
SITUATION wanted by an electrician and en-
gineer and machinist; 18 years' experience In
superintending and operating electric and hy-
draulic machinery; married, honest, strictly
temperate; have my own tools and test in-
struments. Engineer, 201S Larkin St.. city.
POLITE, strictly temperate man, speaking
English, French, German fluently, seeks po-
sition as Al barkeeper or assistant steward;
best city references. Box 1001. Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenographer *and assistant
bookkeeper wishes Immediate employment
with good house; first-class references. Box
660. Call office. - ...
SITUATION wanted as gardener: «xp«rlonc«4
in all branches; German; single; mlddle-aced
Address box 571, Call office. '
PRIVATE detective. Just from England, great
experience in several countries, wants all
kinds detective work; anyone desirous of utlU
izlng brains that can solve problems, addr«sa
box 683, Call office. -
MINER, hunter, soldier, explorer Is ready to
undertake anything, however difficult or d«n<
gerous. provided pay is good;- anyone nqulr<
ing services address box 68Z, Call office.
SUKVETOR with experience wishes position
I as surveyor or assistant. Box 614, Call office.
, STEADY young man desires a situation In fan-
, tory or shop. Write to F.: S., 823 San Pablo
I ave., Oakland, .';» > V, - jTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
29
FL^S^TO . .
A 4-ROOM furnished basement flatThealthy^o"
rstion: tew steps from care; nice garden; only
t_: no children. Box 576. Call office.
KEFEKEXCE couple wanted to rent for $16 a
sn^all new turn, flat, complete; sunny place;
lady in till noon or In evenings. 1614 Jones.
FLATS WASTED.
gOjnCT furnished flat or small 3-story house;
no leas than 1 rooms. F. G., 1417 Post Et.
J^RAMES A.VD PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Haye«rtir7v. Nees
-Best work and lowest prices west Chic-go.
Fl'RXITURE FOR SALE.
SIT b0 — SOLID oa_ bedroom net; plate mirror
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price
J2-Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Fclsom 1328
Ses-ry's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th!
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 60. with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-im Market.
re?O YARDS carpet: leather libraiy set, 6 pieces
con t_S. P. GREEN'WALT. 708 Valencia ft!
rv>R SALE— Four-room fiat of new furniture
2fl3J Lsguna St.; no dealers.
ST-N_\V wire mattress and oak bedstead. 466
Bryant st.
FCRSITCRE WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 14f2 MarteT^iuyT^rnUurT
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
A. WOLLPERT 773 Mission et.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer-W. P. Beauchamp, 928 Howard st~-
tel. Jeesie 1122: furniture, merchandise bought.
A i-«- u7^ RRS ' P EIUs Et -: telephone Larkin
8.E2; highest price^pald for turniture. carpets.
TEL. Jeesie T61 before selling furniture car-
pets. rl«no« etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVE S. ;--.;
D. _ T. new ji glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WA.NTED KEMALE.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city $30
Hotel housekeeper, city J25
2 waitresses, country hotel, fare advanced..J20
\\a.tress, north, fare paid, arm work 125
\\ al tress, Merced, fare paid $20
Waitress. Benicia t"5
10 waitresses, city, hotels & restaurants. $20- J3J
Waitr* »_5. Salinas j->0
Chambermaid, city '. $iHo
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Z Kins, cook and housegirl. Bakersfleld.$30-*20
i^ncn cook, couutry, German J23
Choice place for houseplrl. Santa Clara Co.$20
Other places for cooks, housegirls, second
rlns. nursegirls too numerous to mention.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A -,]T9 MAX * rlth 2 children, between ages TaTid
10, for Staxe of Nevada, fare paid, tee party
here at 3 d. m. Monday.
C R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Laundress and chambermaid. $26:
laur.<3ress. S30; farmer and wife. $50; hotel
cook. £30; cook for students. $35; chambermaid
and seamstress, $25; 7 second girls. $20, $25
city and short distance; a cooks. American
families, $2",. $30; 6 cooks. German style $30,
*a5: pantry grirl. $20: French nurse. J25: hotel
F^C^^T^-ifrjut^"^ 18 -^^- J "
4 GERMAN or Scandinavian cooks. $30; wait-
ress and parlor maid. $25. call early; second
\u25a0work, it); chambermaid and seamstress, coun.
t— -\ f-' \u25a0'• second work. boardln_-house $25:
German second, $20 to J25; 2 French nurses
$25 and $:."}; your.g girls for housework, city
ar.d country. $15 and $20. LEON ANDRE, 316
Stockton st.
MISS HORGAK. S23 Sutter st.— Cook. German
: a— illy. $35; 2 cooks. German style, 130; cook
and second _irl. across the bay, $25 and $20;
U housogirls, city. S2i; 9 girls downstairs
work cr.d cooking, $25 anB $30; 7 second plrls.
Si5 end R»; bo_MC— 1. country. $30; girl. Pied-
mont. $25; S housecirls, Oakland. $25; 3 board-
ing-house cooks, J2r» and $30.
125 TO $25 per week guaranteed: 5 ladies and
3 gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no previous
experience nec«=Eary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory _nd Acting. Hoover Hall. 1327 Market st.
WANTED— 3 lady asents for city and 4 for
country to introduce a household necessity;
salary and commission. Ene*Skell Pharma-
<~al Co.. ?1S Broadway, S; F.
UAXTED-An experienced girl for general
housework in Oakland; t-rr.all washing; wages
$30. Inquire 606 Montgomery gt., room 7, San
Krar.cisco.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear: alsn !i>ara«rs,- paid while learning.
G. W. RETNOLDS, 5t<7 Mission St.. ccr 2d.
A FIRST-CLASS designer tor children's hats,
oar* and sun bonnets; good salary; refer-
ences. Box D€2. Call office.
WANTED- A girl for general housework; small
family adu!te; wages $20. Apply Monday 2513
Broadway, near Scott, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
YOUNG woman, good appearance and good
manner*, as cashier; must be accurate. Box
If23. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on lady's fkirts, waists,
tennis gowns, etc.: take work home. H.
FRIEDLANDER. 33S Fell et.
EXPERIENCED ©iterator* on silk and wool
-_ists; good pay. A. _ H. HOFFMAN, 723
Market st., room 11.
GIRL for General housework: must be good
cock and laundress. Apply 376S Piedmont ave..
Oakland; Mt. View cars pass the door.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands en coats and
suits. D. SAMUELS LACE HOUSE CO..
Sutter st. and Grant ave.
G XlfcLi \ p^nors I ho*j_t^^rork i mod cm cott 8g^ *
email family. Apply Monday . morning at
1223 Waller et
FRENCH or German girl to keep child of 21
months outdoors: may, sleep at home; wages
110. 1S04 Broadway.
A PHYSICIAN, professor in massage, will
teach the art in exchange for housework. Call
three weeks. 233 Twelfth st.
•WANTED— A second grlrl to assist with wait-
Ing; —ages J20. Call Monday, between 10 and
12, 1421 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker; good pay;
rteady work. BELASCO-HARRIS CO 641
Market Ft.
•WANTED— Toung rlrl to take care of Infant;
sleep at home. Apply mornings at 115 Bart-
lett et.
Vv'OMAJf to go in country —5 cook; good, steady
I>l«ce. Address box S72, Call office. j
WANTED— Lady canvassers for music novelty;
big money. Call room 40. Acad. Sciences big.
BANDERS and binders and makers. CARSOV
GLOVE CO.. 35 Market et.
GIRL of 15 to do light housework : wages $.10.
Call 1334 Uth ave.. bet. I and J sts.
A TOUNG woman ror general housework; two
In family. Apply P41 Ellis et., nr. Van Ness.
TOUNO lady for hair store. 1508 Polk st.
GIRL about 14: assist house-— ork; two in fam-
ily. Apply evenings, 1W>4 Baker et.
GIRL; learn 6hoeflttlng; also experienced table
hands. G. M. Kutz Co. Shoe Fac. 103 Mission.
COMPOSITOR, _irl, on straight matter. 630
Commercial st.
WANTED— R*;f.nod woman past 80 for respon-
sible poFition. Box 1022, Call office.
MILLINERY— K!rst-rla»» maker for large ln-
tprior town. Address box 1009, Call office.
MACHINE operators and hand 6ewers. Cali-
fornia Hat Company. 597 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED Fklrt hands; also apprentice,
gooi sewer, paid while learning. 14 Grant av. -
100 GIRLS to learn to operate on ladies' under-
wear. 656 Mission st.. fourth floor.
FINISHER on pants; good wages; _teady work.
73« Minna St.; also apprentice.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 656 Mis-
sion st., fourth floor.
OPERATORS on silk and woolen shirt waists
to work in factor}'. 656 Mission St., 4th floor.
OPERATORS to take work home. 656 Mission
«t.. fourth floor.
OPERATORS to work in factory. 656 Mission
Ft., fourth floor.
SEWERS to tak«» work home on ladles' wrap-
pers and waists. 656 Mission Et.. 4th floor.
WAN/TED— A wetnurse. Apply DR. LEWITT.
ECO Van Ness ave.. 1 to I p. m.
FinST-CLAfiS waist and skirt finishers; (rood
pay: steady work. DANZIGER. 237 Powell.
TVANTED— First -clas<i> millinery saleslady.
MaDAM ADELE. 350 Hayes et.
A LADY to attend office and store; state are.
Box 1OG4. Call office.
OPERATORS on ladles' wrappers to work In
factory. €56 Mission et.. fourth floor.
"'ANTED — Waitress. 209 Jones et.
V." ANTED— Intelligent ecbool girl. 15 years, to
assist lady afternoons. Cull Mon.. 1828 Scott.
WANTED- Good finisher on pantfc. 104 Kearn y
et., toj> floor. - \u25a0 -
Al HANDS on ladies' Jackets. Call to-day
'toil, S. KRAMER. 220 Powell st.
Hairdresser, fir-t-class; also an eppren-
tl"*. At the Bon Ton. 324 Post el
fc*.8T experienced B&leFladlee ; highest -H-ages 1
to right party. 130 Sixth et. .^_
YOUNG lady compositor wanted; steady work;
•UXe wa^es. experience. Box 684, Call office.
~jg3£LjLJ^J*TJj:5^M^Lj^^
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main BS48
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. MONDAY
UKIAH— UKIAH
UKIAH— UKIAH
C. N. W. R. R
FREE— FREE— FREE
WE SHIP MONDAY
50 teamsters, Uklah Free Fare
50 laborers, Uklah Free Fare
25 men, eteel, rock and ballast gangs '.'.
UKIAH FREE FARE
Rough carpenter, country, $2 50 day; brick ma-
son's helper, mine, $75; bench hand, planing
mill, $3 day; furnace man, married or single.
$\u2666\u25a05 and house; young man as carpenter's
> helper, J9 to $10 week; hanay man, repair-
stoves, etc., country . store; choreman and
wife, $2 50 fare, $45 and found; man and wife,
small institution. $37 50 and found; sausage-
maker, $15 week; man to try and link sau-
sages, $13 50 week; 5 rough carpenters, $1 fare,
J2 50 day.
LABORERS TEAMSTERS.......
SAWMILLS FARMS
10 laborers, near city $34 and found
15 pick and shovel men $32
15 laborers, no experience, city work $60
10 teamsters, 50c fare $52
10 teamsters, mining district. .$2 and $2 25 day
3a muckers and laborers, different gold and
silver mines, $75, $60 and $30 and found; 25 la-
borers to work in mills, yards and woods,
sawmill company. $35 to $55 and found, no ex-
perience required. *
10 laborers, mills and yards, Sonoma Co.. $30
and found; 10 laborers, different city factor-
ies, $i 75 day; 265 laborers, no experience re-
quired, different places, city and country,
$1 <5 to $2 50 day; 15 teamsters, different
ranches, $26 and $30 and found; 27 farm, or-
chard and vineyard hands, $26 and $30; 25
grape . and fruit pickers, $1 50 day and $30
and found; 7 milkers and dairy men, $40, $35
and $30; 7 choremen. and boys, $25, $20 and.
$15; milk wagon driver, city, $25 and found;
buggy washer, $33; 5 stablemen, $50 and $30
and found; 2 young men, machine shop, $1 50
day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, near city, $40 and found; cook for
dredger, $35 and found ; 10 cioks for other
places; 4 ranch cooks; baker for institution,
country. ?40 and found; baker for country
t=hop, $40 and found; waiter, country hotel,
$30, fare 7uc; waiter, north, hotel; waiter,
south, hotel; 15 other waiters; 5 porters, city
and country: porter, eountr-' hotel, Napa
County: dishwasher, institution, -$25: 18 other
positions for kitchen help; sausage maker;
sausage linker; 2 beef luggers; 5 young men
with some experience i butcher trade. $12
week; 5 strong heavy men for slaughter-
house, $3 day.
For 2648 other positk- jome down and read
our bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WILL pay honest, well-dressed. industrious
gentleman salary $20 per week to assist In
my business; experience unnecessary. Ad-
dress box 1050, Call office.
W ANTED— First-class bushelman. Apply S,
N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market et.
WANTED— Basters on coats. Apply at factory
of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st. \u25a0
GOOD book agent wanted. 1219 Valencia st.
PRESSER on ladies' garments. MEYER
BROS., 400-404 Market st.
TAI—ORS for seat room; convenient place.
504 v Broadway, room 31. second floor.
WANTED— Errand boy. STERETT PRINT-
ING COMPANY, 933 Market gt.
WANTED— Brass bedstead makers. A. MERLE
COMPANY. 517-519 Mission st.
OFFICE boy in wholesale house; hours 7 to 6;
wages $3 50 per week. Box 586, Call office.
FOR country store, competent man for do-
mestics. $75; give : references. Box 5S0, Call.
WANTED— Baker at once, second hand on
bread. Address I. S. MU-FORD, Eureka,
Cal.
WANTED — An assistant who has had expe-
rience in a drug store. 144 Fourth st.
WANTED-Good solicitors. Call "Monday 2 to
4, 613 Call building.
WAXTER- Watchmaker for city store; open
evenings. Box 573, Call office.
WANTED— One good strong boy about 16 years
of age. Apply 6 Ninth st.
WANTED— Physician; \u25a0 advertising specialist
preferred. /Call at room 30. Ramona Hotel.
ERRAND boy; must live in the neighborhood.
1441 Polk st.
', BRIGHT, well educated boy. 15 to 17, to learn
architecture. Room 44. 126 Kearny st.
WANTED— Cash boys. 14 years of age and
over. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a. m.
WANTED— First-class dry goods delivery wrap-
per. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a. m.
TAILOR on ladies' garments; call to-day, 3
to 11. S. KRAMER. 220 Powell st.
WANTEp— Boy from 13 to 15. Apply to Pa-
cific Shirt Co.. 1038 M-arket st
OFFICE boy for wholesale house; must be
good penman; refs. required. Box 1030, Call.
EXPERIENCED bill clerk for wholesale house;
fir— t-class references required. Box 10-58, Call.
PAPER cutter; power machine; paper box cut-
; ter preferred. E22 Market st. 4th floor.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. BE-
LASCO-HARRIS CO., 541 Market et.
DISHWASHER wanted. Excelsior Restaurant.
217 Sixth st. *
COOK wanted. Excelsior Restaurant, 217 Sixth
street.
WANTED— Boys to pass bills'; long Job. Call
to-day, -.299 Hyde St., cor. Eddy.
BOY or junior wanted in drugstore. 499 Gough
St., corner Grove.
BOY wanted about butcher shop. Apply WAR-
REN, 2318 Fill mure st. /
WANTED— 2 young men to sell tea and coffee;
family trade. 12 Rondel place.
GORDON pres^ feeder wanted. Apply at Re-
view office. 310 Hayes st.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
CARPENTERS.
P1LEDRIVKR HANDS.
EXPERIENCED RAFTSMEN.
All applications for work received at
Room No. 15 No. 4 California Ft.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS EM-
PLOYERS' ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic. Gulf and Pacific Co.,
California Bridge and Construction Co.,
City Street Improvement Co.,
Cotton Bros. &\u25a0 Co.,
Dundon Bridere and Construction Co.,
Healey, Tibbltts & Co.,
• Hyde Construction Co.,
j~ Darby Layrton & Co.,
' J. A. McMahon,
Pacific Construction Co.,
Thomson Bridge Co.,
Robt. Wakefleld.
CIVIL Service Government positions; 9S89 . ap-
pointments made last year: probably 10,000
this year; common school education required
for examination ; Information free. Colum-
bian Correspondence College. Washington, D.C.
MANAGER— Faithful, energetic man to man-
age branch this city. Best references given
and expected. Old established house doing
larpe increasing business. Must furnish $1200
cash, be willing make permanent engagement.
Salary $2400 year and chance advancement.
Superintendent, Box 531, New Haven, Conn.
AMBITIOUS representatives; wages $3 day;
large house, new lines, bona fide opening men
and women good character willing to work;
permanent chance advancement. 206 State St.,
New Haven, Conn.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED-Heel builder and boy for sole
leather room. CAHN, NICKELSBURG &
CO., 115 Hayes st.
WANTED— An assistant bookkeeper for an In-
surance office, who has had experience; self-
written application with references. Address
box 551, Call office.
WANTED— Man who can hustle; extraordinary
Inducements offered up-to-date salesman by
large concern. Address box 553. Call office.
WANTED— House painting and paper hanging
in exchange for dental work and part cash.
264 O'Farrell st. _^
WANTED— Boy to make himself generally
useful. S. ROSENTHAL &. CO., 937 Market,
WANTED— A parcel boy. Apply with refer-
ence, EAGLESON & CO., 748 and 750 Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. • 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Bright. Intelligent youth with some
experience In office work. - Box 629, Call office.
GOOD butcher to take an old established shop.
Cor. Geary and Devisadero sts.-
WANTED— Strong boy for' wholesale house.
Address stating age, box 568, Call office.
BOY wanted for store. 437 Montgomery st.,
near Sacramento.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine coorps. U.
8. navy; able-bod Jed, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Jnch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. ,San Francisco. ,
FOREMAN blacksmith for large city shop;
must be flrst-class man on heavy work, ex-
perienced steel worker; answer, stating- shop
in which trade was learned, experience and
salary expected; only flrst-class, steady men
need apply. Box E20, Call office.
TO tailors' assistants— Salesman wanted; must
be acquainted with the business. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. to CHAS. LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor. 721 Market at.
_---- ? I r E ° I - c^Hr"5 ] ??J t i°?-? d '
THE original MRS. DAVIES. who has been In
business here for 25 years, ts still located \u25a0 at
1228 Marlfet; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
GRADUATE physician will take, confinement
cases, any part of city; ten days' treatment.
$10. Call and register, 705 Vallejo St., r. 4.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern method*; 25 years' experience in S. F. :
guarantees to cure all female troubles; mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 906 Market St., opp. 4th.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market et. to 410 O'Farrell st.
MINES AND MINING.
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?
If you do. buy some stock in the Homestake
Gold Mining Co. at 30c per share, on install-
ment; limited number shares for sale; price
will be advanced to 40c per share November l;
j prospectuses mailed on application
HOMESTAKE GOLD MINING CO.,
601 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
RICH gold field in this State: prospector wants
$2500 to locate and work same; will give half.
Box 1027. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barrom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship overy thing
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1018, 1021. 1023
Mission et., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
OIL tanks and air receivers, all sizes; engines
and boilers, gas engines, horse-powers, shaft-
ing, pulleys, belting, rope sheaves, pumps and
piping, etc.-; also 2 Baker rotary blowers and
3 elevators; all cheap for cash. Oakland Ma-
chinery Depot, 410 Third st, Oakland.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale of old coins— Coins
may be seen and bids may be made at 520
Walsworth ave., Oakland, Saturday or Mon-
day. L. A. SPENCER, Administrator."
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones,
Jl E0; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
SECOND-HAND pipe stand, 150 lbs pressure;
% in.. 4c ft.; 1 In.. 5%c ft.; 1U in., 7V£c ft.;
XVt In., 8Vac ft.: 2 In.. 10c ft.: 2^ in.. 15c ft.;
3 In., 20c ft. ; 4 in., 30c ft: H. S. WHITE.
FENCE POSTS, FOUNDATION TIMBERS;
everlasting; how to make; you will never live
to see them rot: send 25c stamps for recipe.
L. A. W.. 605 O'Farrell st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st. .
WATCHES, Jewelry, rep. and made; cesh pd.
for gold, silver & precious stones. 14 McAl-
lister St., room 16. WM. MUND.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper suit-
able for carpenter shop; also No. 2 Hooker
pteam pump. S43 Howard. st.
DOUBLE cylinder friction drum hoist and
. boiler; nearly new; $400. H. S. WHITE, 516.
Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
2-17 Stevenson st.. near First.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress ami
Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stock-
ton st. : .
HIGH-GRADE typewriter; will trade it for a
gent's solid gold diamond set case full jew-
eled watch. Box 585, Call office.
CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; $55;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN, 202 Califor-
nia st. . •
1901 RAMBLERS, Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
and others; 2d-hand bicycles; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin st
FINE suits. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-$3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FOR sale — Horse & phaeton for family or doc-
tor. Call morning at drug store, 1044 Valencia.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dresj
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st
1 HORSE- POWER Westlnghouse motor; good
as new; $65. 114 Haye6 st.
FOR Sale— A good top buggy, cheap; also two
sewing machines. 639i« Natoma st.
BLACKSMITH'S outfit, almost new, for sale
cheap. 2S12 Mission st.
FOR sale— First-class ticket to New York. Box
597, Call office.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
500,000 HARD old bricks. Old Reservoir, Mar-
ket st.,- or apply 64 Silver St., off Third.
SEVENTY-HORSE water tube boiler; 00x16
Troy mangle. 173 Tenth st,
FOR SALE — Elegant sealskin Jacket: a bar-
gain; cost $350. 217 Post St., room 6.
GOOD firewood for sale, cheap. Apply Risdon
Iron Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
JEWELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny. St., room 29.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new & 2d-han<I,
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
\u25a0 mailing. 1C9 Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale Et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
lined Fsfe. perfect order. 2Jfi California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Two second-hand Frue or Wood-
bury belt concentrators; side shake; give low-
est price. Address L. M.. box 566, Call.
WILL pay highest prices for- ladles' and gents'
good second-hand clothing; try me. Box 97,
Call office.
j 2 TO 3 horsepower. 3 to 4 horsepower motor or
engine; must be cheap; cash. 2503 Howard st.
WANTED— By two men, shooting privileges of
good duck-hunting grounds. Box 661, Call.
WANTED— Bicycle In good condition; cheap;
state make and price. Box 591, Call office.
% SECOND-HAND Gordon press. Address box
1C52, Call office. ' .
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
' TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
JIOXEY TO LOAN.
AA^MTNlTATfAir_OAiri5oM~PAl?Yr~^
f30O,U0o at o per cent in sums to suit. City ani
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
j real estate and legacies. I We will purchase
any ot above securities. Tel. lied 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. \u25a0 ~~
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my, terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
2 24. Montgomery et-.-room 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% Or less in large sums; loans
on second mortffaces, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts end sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. €03 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY proposition; any amount; '6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests: chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building, 206 Kearny St., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave., near Market St.; tel: Black 5471.
HIGHLY reaDectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. •
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st ; . phone Red 1603.
*\u25a0 ' •' • -
LOANS on pianos and furniture without re-
moval; 1 libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.;
any amount: lowest rates; private. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery St.. office 7. .
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd ' mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
\u25a0 lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note -with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 - Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission: conftden-.
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301, Jones.
ON furniture, ,: pianos; no removal; money
. quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
j age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68.
MONEY loaned salaried, people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON SALARIES, without Indorser; other propo-
sltlons. S. F. Discounting Agy.. 143 Phelan b.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
HKTiP- ' WAW^B'p~WAJLTB-~Cow.
WANTED— Vise hand and Iron worker; men- i
tion wages expected, experience and where
last employed; steady work, city shop. Box
534. Call office. - ' :
WANTED— A first-class wire worker, who also
can do. light iron and grille work. Write to
Pacific Railing and Plating Works, Seattle,
Wash. .
WANTED— A first-class job shop plater; must
do his own polishing and : burling. Write at
once to Pacific Railing ana Plating Works,
Seattle, Wash. - .V
ERRAND boy wanted for jewelry store; state
age and references. Box S02, Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission fet.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1 DISHWASHER. "Montrose," 1020 Van Ness
avenue. •
YOUNG strong boy to learn confectionery and
bakery. 1205 Polk St., near Sutter.
BARBER shop— Good-paying city shop wanted.
Box 516, Call office. -
WANTED— Oysterman. 113 Ellis st.
BUSHELMAN for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter Bt. . ,
STRONG, intelligent boys 18 to 20 years to
learn machinist trade. 505 Mission st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School, 714A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY, have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for «sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G. A. R.
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working • for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. Bj & A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson, Am-
ador County, Cal. ; wages for 2-horse team-
sttra, $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
sters, $2'25 per day: board $4 50 per week.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brusn
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work : steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Franciico Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St., room 25, San Fran-
cisco, .Cal.
MEN to learn barber -trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaran-
teed: catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE,- 635 Clay st. i
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver 'House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. ,
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and frorr ferry.
— "~* ~-—~~"~*~ — \u25a0~*~~ — ~*— ~" ~— ~— __!
HOUSES A.VD WAGONS.
FOR sale— 2 black, well-matched, medium-
sized. 5-year-old thoroughbred sons of Sultan:
should train to-2:20 class. Seen at NELSON'S
Tr. Stables, owner, 1531 Walnut St., Alameda.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
'Wednesday, October 9, at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
A IIUNDRKD head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses, just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON, at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard, 1732 Market St..
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F.
FINE mare 5 years old; cart, light covered top
road buggy; bargain. 41fi» 26th; Call Sunday.
I FINE saddle horse for sale, $150. Apply box
1004. Call office.
HAND-MADE coupe cheap. Box 68. Call office.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, one
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in good carrlaee. saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. Q. ave.
BARGAIN— Single horse coal and hay wagons;
second-hand wagons and harness. 1634 Mission.
ONE second-hand express wagon; also one light
business wagon. 1370 Turk st. .
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, llau-ndry. 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. S28 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co. : he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. . 532 Mission.
DIoSECTINO subjects wanted.- S. F. Vet.
Col.. MO O. O. ave.. Dr. E. J. Cr»Mv. dPin.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Eirrm Hospital. 230 PimicIpe* nt.. Snn Fran
HOUSES TO LKT.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
RENT $55— 2941 - Fillmcre st., near Green; a
brand new house of 9 rooms and bath; hot air
furnace and every modern convenience; hard-
wood floors; house finished In latest style;
handsomely decorated and tinted; has never
been occupied.
$50— HANSOME large residence opposite Buena
Vista Park, 1164 Haight St.: garden, yard, at-
tic and basement. Apply premises, 10 to 2.
DIAMOND. *221-6 rooms, stable. CRIM & CO.,
118 Montgomery st.
JACKSON, 3417—10 rooms and bath: ren* rea-
sonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
OAK. 322— House of 8 rooms and bath; 3 fin-
ished rooms in basement.
HOUSES TO LET—FDRMSIIBS.
TO rent furnished— 8-rocm house on Washing-
ton st.; facinK Presidio: marine view; mod-
ern Improvements; rent $60. Box 549, Call.
TO let — Nicely furnished house. 8 rooms and
bath. 522 Hill St., near Castro: call to-day.
1 to 4 p. m.; no small children.
A SUNNY cottaee, 6 rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees: Alameda; % block from
Btatlon. A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Markftr.
HOUSES WANTED — FURBISHED.
MARRIED couple wish furnished house to care
for during owner's absence; best references.
Address box 1005, Call office. .
LOST AXD FOUND.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring, yellow stone. Sun-
day last. Return to F. C. ORNDORFF, Call
editorial rooms; liberal reward.
LOST— Or stolen from 625 Baker st. on Septem-
ber 30, black cocker spaniel dog, answering to
nam» Romeo; wore tag No. 2154. . Suitable re-
ward if returned to 1915 FilDert St.; no ques-
tions asked.
LOST — If party finding velvet box containing
earrings and three rings will return them to
587 Waller st. they will receive $100 reward.
LOST— Dog; name T Hector; wore license tag
790; suitable reward. 1185 Shotwell st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold. and silver to make new watch cases.
"MATRIMOMAI..
TRADESMAN, aged 30, refined and temperate,
wishes acquaintance of amiable, companion-
able ladyjobjectrna^rirnony^^BoxlOS^Call.
MATTRESSES A.NU I'll. LOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
Etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421.
__— — —
DR. ODONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My \u25a0
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved bymy medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a dell-
' cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— MRS SWEET, graduate Royal University,
Berlin; 25 years' experience in midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed In her;
takes and treats ladies before and during con-
finement; best care, attention ; confinement
$15; board $4 week; infants adopted. 3327 ISth
st.; Mlsslon-st. cars; consultation free.
CHRONIC and nervous' diseases a specialty:
\u25a0 habits, such as morphine, tobacco, liquor and
stammering, most successfully cured by the
most scientific method. PROF. GEO. OHLIN,
668 Ninth st, Oakland.
MRS. D. WYETH, reliable ladles' specialist;
private home before and during confinement;
' removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell st. .
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable la-
' dies' specialist; a priv.' home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees."
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of . treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
PERS OK-XS—Co-tln -ed.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; lOq
per gallon. Ill Van Neas avu.
MARRIAGE paper; best published; free. X
VT. GUNNELS. Toledo. Ohio.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wit—
electrio needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Batter it. *
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE)
A' VIDA CO. . 73H Valencia st , bet. 18th and lath.
DR. LAMOTTE'3 French Corn Paint, t_» best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $3 60.
Misfit Clothing: Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stonea
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Majket at.
PLACING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning 1 . Planing. Shaplns
and Sawtpg. CARL V. HAAS. 95 Fremont at.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL- Office and residence,
1021H Market at., between Sixth and Sevent—.
DR. "WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; se«
testlmon— Js at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONO WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
DR. NO TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St.. oppw
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
PROPERTY WASTED.
CHEAP improved property wanted for cash
buyers. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
REAL tiSTATE Clft— FOR »____,
FOR salt; BY
BURNHAM & MARSH CO,
ELEGANT DOWNTOWN' BUSINESS FROP'-
ERTY.
SS7,50O-Rents. JS50.
Five-story brick building; close to Kearny
and Market sts. Full particulars at our office.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
$50,000— Rents $2S8 50; corner on Hayes «_,
near Mechanics* Pavilion; large lot. 90x1201
rent can be raised.
EXTRA FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$19,000— Rents $150; elegant 3-story bulldiny,
2 stores and 4 flats and basement; improve*
inents alone worth the price asked; lot 40x37:8
on two prominent Western Addition streets,
near Van Ness ave. Don't fail to see tnis
choice investment.
$7000— RENTS $70.
Elegant new fiats on sunny side of street;
"Western Addition.
ANOTHER BARGAIN!
HOWARD ST.
$7300— RENTS $65.
Downtown; 2 otores and 2 flats on wida busi-
ness street: never vacant.
CHOICE RESIDENCE. __.
SOLD TO CLOSE ESTATE. S
$7000— Co— ifortable residence of 12 rooms sjuJ
bath: large lot. 40x137:6; fine garden and lawn;
on Washington St.; offer wanted.
FINE INCOME PROPERTY. .
$5500— RENTS $54 A MONTH. ' j
Flats close to Sixth and Harrison sts. \
FINE COTTAGE. \
$5000— RENTS $30,
Cottage of -7 rooms, on Baker st; a bargain.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery at.
CENTER & SPADER.
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors.
11 Montgomery st.. Lick House block,
tSOW.
Commercial st.. nr. Kearny; reduced from
$3000: 3-story brick under lease to one tenant;
lot 20x39:6.
$7500.
Modern 2-story house on Jones st. ; ID rooms,
bath and basement; large lot. 30x36.
$20,eeo.
Handsome 2-story corner residence on Oak
St.; commanding grand view of the city; 11
rooms, baths, servants" rooms, laundry and at-
tic; lot 50xlC0.
W7.-.0.
Rents $40; 2 modern flats on Stelner St., nr.
Golden Gate ave.'; lot 25x87:6.
$5500.
Rents $42 50; Grove St.; 2 flats 6 rooms each;
lot 25x137:6.
$4500.
Bush st.. nr. Fillmore; 2-story house 6 room*
and bath: lot 25x120 to rear street.
$2<X)0.
Snap— An offer wanted for lot on Hayes St..
nr. Lycn; 25x127:6. *
J300O.
Fillmore et., nr. Oak; choice lot suitable for
flats; 37:6x110. »
$6000.
Make offer; Ninth St.. nr. Folsom; 2-story
house 8 rooms and bath; stable in rear; lot
worth price asked.
$8500.
Rents $77 50 per month; 3 new up-to-dats
flats, 6, 7 and 8 rooms; on Folsom St.; lot 25s
100; we can recommend this property to be ab-
solutely modern.
$2500. '
Two-story house. 2 tenements 7 rooms each,
renting for $22; Rondell place, off Sixteenth St.;
thi3 is cheap property.
$1900.
Cottasre on Twenty-second st. nr. Pennsyl-
vania ave.; 5 rooms; lot 25x60.
$3500. » :
Rents $31: 2 bay-window flats on Fair Oak*
St., nr. Twenty-third, containing 5 and 6 rooms;
lot 30;6xll7:6 to rear street.
CENTER & SPADER.
______________________ _
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge .Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
$36,000— Choice NW. corner on Post St., not
far from Van Ness ave.; modern flata and
stores renting for $142 50 per month.
$15.000— Substantial NE. corner In the "West-
ern Addition, with stores and Hats; renting for
$129 per month; lot 34:7x100 feet.
$14,000—4 modern flats on Fell St., near Bu-
I chanan; containing 7 and 8 rooms and bath;
i always rented; on sunny side of the street;
rents for $102 50 per month.
$13,500 — Choice lot on the north line of Post
st., near Polk: lot 43:9x120 feet; with old im-
provements; 11 rooms and bath on same; tnis is
a choice location for flats.
$7500 — 3 modern flats on, Sanchez st.. near 16th;
lot 25x100 feet; always rented; rents $50 50 per
month.
$60CO— 4 choice flats on Capp St., near 24th;
rents $5S per month; lot 32:6x115 feet.
$50CO— North side of Hermann St., near Fill-
more: 2 five- room houses, one fronting on Her-
i mann st. and one on Germania st. ; lot 25x120
feet: rents ?40 per month.
$4530— Clay St.. near Webster: house of S
rooms and bath; size of lot 25x137:6 feet.
J3CC0— Choice cottage on Shotwell st. : 5 rooms
' and bath; lot 25x115 feet to rear street.
$165C — 3-room cottage in the Mission; rented
at present for ?12 per month.
S2C00 .each— 4 choice lots on Green st, near
j Webster: each 25xl27:g>4 feet.
I $1030 — Choice lot on 14th St., near Castro; lot
i 25x115 feet.
Further particulars of
BOVEE, TOY £ SONNTAO.
E. AV. HAWKINS, Dealer in Real Estate.
Mortgages. Loans and Insurance, 11 Mont-
gomery st. (Lick House block! >
GOOD INVESTMENT. .
$8CO0— Oak st.. near Scctt; 2 flats, 5 and «
rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
$6750— Twenty-sixth st., near Mission; 3 fiats.
6 and 6 rooms and bath each; double
frontasre; s>!ze 43:6x165.
$315»-Near Market and Noe sts.; 2 flats. 5
rooms and bath each: w°H rented; street
work all done; lot 25x115.
$2250— Mission corner lot; Twenty-fifth and
Noe sts. ; slz* 30x90.
$4600— First St.. near Folsom: 2 houses In good
order: always rented; 2 frontages; bound
to improve.
$13,000 — Turk St., near Leavenworth; two 2-
story houses; lot S0x87:6.
$10,500— Reduced from $14,500 to make a quick
sale; Pacific Heights residence; Jackson
St.; modern; contains 12 rooms and bath.
furnace, etc.; 27:6xl27:8»4.
$5000 — Two flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath, on
Baker St.. near California.
$2250— Treat ave.. near Twenty-third st. ; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden.
flowers and fruit trees; lot 26^1M.
$7750 — Two choice flats. 8 and 7 rooms and
bath: north side Clay St.; fine residence
section: ??2 »0.
$3150— .Hyde St.. near Union; .corner lot; 1
fiats. 4 rooms each; lot 50xS7:6.
$2230— Green et.. near Octavla; choice build-
ing lot, 23x137:6.
$1700— Pretty cottage at the Mission, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth sts. ; 4 rooms
and bath.
Apply E. W. HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery st.
$3700— A fine buy; elegant home; Broderick,
near Fulton: all appointments first class.
$400— Rents $45: a pick up; 2 flats on Hyde St.,
near Vallejo.
$3600— Rents $34; good income property on
Clementina st.. near Fourth/
$2SC0— Great pick up on Freelon St.. near
Fourth: rents $44.
$1850— 75xlC0: bargain In 3 lots on Mission St..
near China; ovei» $2SC0 was offered for
these lota some years ago.
$1100— Cheapest lot in the district; Eighteenth
. St.. near Xoe.
!» McEWEN BROS.. 113 Montgomery st.
SANTA FE. \u25a0 -——
THE NEW TOWN AT POINT RICHMOND.
TERMINUS OF GREAT SANTA FE R. R.
Where the Standard Oil Is to locate the larga
Refining Works, ccstin? millions, and em-
ploying hundreds of men.
Where the pipe line from Kern County to
tide water will terminate.
Lots all (Traded. Streets fcraded.
$123 and up. $10 cash, $5 monthly.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery st.
For Additional Classified" Adda Sas
_ B1OWP.Y TO _OAK--Co-tliwd.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. -
$50,000 ON good security and city realty below
bank rate; no agents. Address box 596, Call.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
boy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and dls-
counts. 321 Parrott building. . " -
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL pianos purchasedfoTsHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grad piano any time within
5 years from data of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $S per
month; some good pianoa sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A BAUMEISTER piano gives you more for the
money than any other. They are first class
in everything except price. You can use one
6 years and then exchange for a Decker if
you wish without losing a cent. We have
some choice bargains in second-hand and new
instruments. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st .
ATTENTION, BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianoa from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs . from $25 up; new up-
' right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, .16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering, Ma-
son & Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs yo.u only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1850. -
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Stelnway, $185 up; Fischer.
$100; Chickering, $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St., IVERS
' & POND and A. B. CAMERON Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos In storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory Drices: second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market st.
PIANOS— The most modern and up to date;
Steck, Everett. Conover. Packard. Ludwig,
Hardman and many others: wholesale and re-
tall. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St..
S. F. ; (Branch Store, 951 Broadway, Oakland).
ACCOUNT departure, elegant grand upright
piano for one-third value; fine carved case;
standard make. 3009 Sixteenth st.
AT a great sacrifice— A fine piano. Call at
McBRIDE & CO.'S, 1016 Market, opp. Fifth.
HALLET-DAVIS square pianos wanted at
agency. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary et
HIGH-GRADE pianos: beautiful tone; choice 3
styles; bargains. 1673 Washington st.
A PIANO, pianola and music on sale; party
going away. 217 Geary st.
$50— WEBER piano; cost $450; for sale on $a
installments. 13C9 Gough st., near Geary.
LARGE cabinet grand upright piano; great
sacrifice; party leaving. 408 Golden Gate ave.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Spielmann pianos. 3C8 Post st.
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
I harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand unnzht for aale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
LEFT on sale— Antlsell large upright. $126;
Stelnway. $163. 217 Geary St.. room 3«.
toO — Emerson and 7 bargain .uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory, 1729 Mission.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' S
Piano Factory, Market. 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 203 Post st.
ELEGANT new uprtRht pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co... 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A— MARKET st. store; elegant fixtures; run-
ning through to Stevenson st. Apply Ai M.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market St. t
TO Lease — 3 sunny lofts or separate. 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 500 Mission st.
STORE. 29x40, with four rooms above; Kearny-
Merchant sts.. Hall of Justice. 413 Kearny.
A— 3999 17th St., cor. Market— Fixtures; com-
plete grocery and bar: low rent.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
eIzps: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 61fi Mission st.
rAlX'I'KHS AM) IJKCUKATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; \u25a0whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d; tel. Red 3521.
J. C. ROMAINE, 640 Golden Gate ave.— Best \
guallty work; lowest prices; tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary .and Post; tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair remedy positively restores gray
and faded hair to natural color without dye.
Proof, one preparation restores all shades and
colors, blonde, ash- blonde, red, all shades of
brown (preserving the glint or golden hu- pe-
culiar to brown hair) and black. If a dye it-
would dye all shades same color. Also cures \u25a0
dandruff, stops falling, grows new hair. Sold j
by druggists and hairdressers. Ask for it.
Take no other. It's guaranteed. The Star
Remedy Co., 385 Geary St., S. F.
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 113 Geary
st., largest curio store In America: visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15: with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; otlier suits on in- j
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ALL having hair and scalp diseases receive I
personal attention; hair grown, gray restored. I
ladies', gents" shampooing; facial massage: •
electrolysis given by expert. E. R. Dunlap, !
31 Keainy st. . ;
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of ;
\u25a0 iheumatism, sciatic*, neuralgia or gout; price
'12 CO per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.: tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per nig*t; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
HAIR, birth marks, moles removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist. 3593
F'-hteenth st., cor. Guerrero.* ;
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testl-
\u25a0 monial* mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-Second st.. N. Y.
I DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for Invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus,
Ohio. '\u25a0-
WIDOWER. 44. having good business, wishes
to correspond with a lady; object 'matrimony;
no triflers. Box 1046, Call office.
HONORABLE American, 35, with mining
interests, wishes . to meet marriasrable lady j
with means. Box 565. Call office.
A r.ESPECTABLE. sober man earning $1CO per
month wishes to meet respectable young wo-
man; object matrimony. Box 517. Call office.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret ot
continual youth; 50c. postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Po3t.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma SpreckeU
bldg., rooms 823-324, S. F.; tel. South 381. |
AT cash prices; ladles' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.: weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth st.
USE Mme. Fisher's Renewer for gray hair; no
dye" no troublesome white roots: wrinkles a
specialty; faclar & scalp treat. 502% Ellis st.
ONLY one price for all styles of hair dressing.
25c; good switches, $1. G. LEDERER, 12a
' Stockton st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1810-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
• years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
A — If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
5 Dr.G.S. Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
SEND stamp for list books which can't be
bought elsewhere. Books, 406 East 75th, N. Y.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung: Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 23S6.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
't country orders. GOLDSTEIN_CO.,733 Market.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st
HELP JtV^XTED--FEaiALEl--Con.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at 211 Fourth st: $15
I . * month, board and room.
\u25a0' N _: A 'E i reB P ec table German girl; general house-
work; plain cooking; wages $20. 851 Fulton st.
PATTERN'S! PATTERNS' PATTERNS!
•«\u2666? Paris and London styles; any pattern
t i_. oraer : leading system of the world;
holding highest award from Paris and Pan-
American Expositions; thorough course In
~<ir?' tnlng ' Pertaining to dressmaking and
m "J'nery. Call or send for circular. Me.
POWELL'S. 1019 Market st. ; '
LADY In each county for branch office work;
no canvassing; straight, bona fide salary paid
each Tuesday with expenses direct from head-
quarters; permanent position; money ad-
vanced for expenses; no capital required ex-
cept good refs.; Inclose self-addr'sed. stamped
envelope. -Manager, 8S7 Ca_ton bldg.. Chicago.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
eelf-assertlon; good opportunity to right par-
_ty^ F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building:
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 418 Powell st.— Help of
all nationalities to fill various positions.
OPERATORS on overalls. 9 Hill st., between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second sts.
TAILORESS to make buttonholes. A. KAHN,
H2 Geary st.
DRY goods saleslady wanted; French speaking
Box 645. Call office.
PROTESTANT girl waitress and pantry; or-
phanage; Alameda County; $20. Box 554,
Call office.
WOMAN for plain cooking and light house-
work; wages t2O. Apply at 579 Harrison st.
GIRL to care for child. Apply at 4020 Eijrht-
__!_^Lfi-i__ n after 3 P: m.
EXPERIENCED lady canvasser; salary and
commission. 716 Emma Spreckels building.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory, 3ni
Fremont St.; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING. dyeing. bleaching and
manicuring taught In two weeks; entire
i course. $5; positions waiting for graduates to
fill evening classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 143
Stockton St., room 15.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
WANTED— A strong stock girl for cloak and
suit department. Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO.,
corner Geary st. and Grant ave.
WANTED— Experienced operators on women's
I waists and wrappers; steady work; electric
' power; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mkt.
EXPERIENCED operators en negligee shim!
6teady work; beet prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST.. Eth floor. .
AT 233 Third ave.. Sutter or Geary st. cars-
American nursegirl, IS to 30 years; wages.,
$15; references. Apply to-day before 3 o'clock.
WANTED— Neat, experienced girl in candy
store. Call at 845 Valencia st.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steady
work. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— Three young girls to work in lodg-
ing house. Apply 442 Pacific st.
APPRENTICE for hairdressing at G. LED-
ERER' S. 123 Stockton st.
FINISHERS on ladies' tailor Jackets. LOW-
ENTHAL'S, 914 Market st.
WANTED- Protestant girl; general house-
work; two adults; ?20. J. B.. box 707. Call.
FINISHER wanted: also one for machine. 916
Market et., room 82.
HOUSEWORK: partial care of baby. 721 De-
visadero st.
GIRLS to put up perfumes; $3 per week; refer-
ences. Box 723, Call office.
OPERATORS wanted on flannel underwear.
HEYKEMAKK & CO... 410 Mission st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cal; r ranch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035
Valencia st. _^
IIELF HAM'ED HALE.
TO-DAY. SUNDAY
TO-DAY. SUNDAY
At C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK FREE FARE
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
60 drillers _ $2 25 to $2 50
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers $1 75
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $2
Free Fare Ship To-day Free Fare....
; C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 1S3
100 railroad laborers. Truckee
100 teamsters and laborers. Nevada
Free fare for above orders
10 drillers $2 50 day
6 blacksmiths, country shop.. $40 to $50 and fd
Farmers, milkers, woodchoppers, buiter-
makers, choremen and others, $25 to $30; elec-
trician for mine. $100; fireman. $40, city Job:
house carpenter, country, $2 60 day and
found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head laundryman. country hotel, $75; second
cooks, fryers, broilers and night cooks. $40
to $60; 20 waiters, hotels and restaurants,
city and country, $25 to J35; 20 dishwashers,
potwashers, vegetable men and kitchen
hands, $30 and $25; 10 porters, city and coun-
try. $20 to $30: 6 bellboys, $10 to $15; 5 col-
ored extra waiters, country hotel. $1 50 a day
and fare: 5 colored waiters, country hotel, $30.
C R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY^
S9 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Railroad Tteamsters and Laborers
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
BO railroad teamsters for Ukiah.. ..$2 to $2 25
50 laborers for Ukiah $2 per day
10 quarrymen, country $2 per day
6 lumber pliers, country $2 per day
6 quarrymen $1 CO per day and board
10 teamsters, city ?2 per day
10 teamsters, city $1 25 per day and bcand
15 laborers, new Job near city $2 per day
ANDRE'S office, 31« Stockton st. — Cook, coun-
try hotel, see party here. $60; second cook,
restaurant. $75; waiter, country, $30; waiter,
city, $10 a week; helper for confectionery, $25;
porter, $20 and found; choreman for nursery,
$20; choreman for family. $20; farm hand,
$30, etc. •
BOSS B'.RBERS, ATTENTION!
Ther» will be a special meeting of the Master
Barbers' Association of San Francisco at 102
O'Farrell St.. Tuesday evening. October S, at
9 o'clock, to consider and discuss matters of
Interest to every boss barber of San Fran-
clsco who employs one or more men.
Your welfare Is concerned, eo do not fail to
be present. S. HELLER,
Secretary Master Barbers' Association.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—'
Free employment. f27 Market st.. room 207.
I. LEFS. secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
DON'T waste time trying to earn money on
profitless, visionary schemes, or permit Irre-
sponsible concerns -to inveigle you Into sell-
ing goods on which they realize large profits
without affording you a living. Write for
terms to salesmen at onw and earn big money
selling high-grade ornamental and fruit trees,
shrubs, roses, etc. We are America's leading
nurserymen. Can utilize your services, no
matter where you are located or whether you
have experience or not. Opportunity to ad-
vance. You earn good pay with us. No un-
certainty about It. Investigate before valua-
ble territory is ocupled. BROWN BROS.
COMPANY. Rochester, N. Y.
FRANKENTHAL BROS.. 77 Wooster st.. New
York, want a first-class salesman to sell
their ""Geisha" Waist on the Pacific Coast
for next season; state full particulars; com-
munications strictly confidential.
CLOTHING salesman wanted for interior city:
must understand furn. goods, hats; pood
wages; steady employment. Inquire Sunday
bet. 1 and 2 p. m., Mr. Frank, 1459 Franklin.
'MAN experienced in selling and trading of
property; must be of good habits and pleap-
Jng manner; to such a man a good opening
is offered. Apply rooms 1-2. 917 Market st.
WANTED — Good looking colored boy of good
habits; 15 to 17 years; to hold horee on solici-
tor's buggy. JOHN BREUNER CO., 837
Market *t.
SOLICITORS for San Francisco and bay towns;
samples and outfits furnished; $5 to $7 per
day guaranteed: no experience required. P.
A. & P. Co., 836A Howard at. \u25a0 \u25a0 -
MARINE3 firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors:
non-union: no office fees. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny St.. room 24.
\u25a0WANTED— Boys and young men to learn to
operate sewinB machines at GREENEBAUM.
WEIL & MICHELS' factory, 631 Mission st.
YOUNG man with natural talent for drawing
to train as newspaper artist. N. Y. School
of Caricature. World building, New York.
BOYS wanted to carry telegrams; good wages.
Delivery Department Western Union Tele-
graph Compajiy, 300 Montgomery st. . -
WANTED— Salesman for ladles' fur garments;
department store: San Jose. Apply Monday
room 83. Flood building. •
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply Monday morning before 10 o'clock.
HALE BRO3. 4 - ' - ,
WANTED— Feeder for platen press. TONNER
& DUEHRBEN, sixth floor. Smiths' £ash
Store building.
"WANTED— Lunch cook, saloon, $30 a month
and found. 130 Howard at.
WANTED— A coatmaker for the country. Ap-
ply J. BAUMGABTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery.THE : SAN , FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
30
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
$32 SO— 9 ROOMS; furnished; snap.
$16—6 rooms; cottage; fine location.
$11—6 rooms; East Oakland. , •
$18 — 8 rooms; near local trains.
$1S— Cottage, 5 rooms; right In town.
$30—9 rooms; fine location In town.
$14— i rooms; near train and town.
! $22— Modern 6-room flat; central.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway.
_^ OAKLAND COTTAGES.
FOR Sale— Beautiful 5-room cottage: bath.
basement: take 16th-st. cars. 1464 Filbert st.
OAKLAXD ROOMS WANTED.
3 OR 4 nicely furnished rooms, suitable for
light housekeeping; must be pleasant and cen-
- tral. Box 2327. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Pa-land.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 899— Two or three connecting rooma; also
large double room for housekeeping.
CAPP. 211— Furnished. front sunny alcove suit*
with privilege light housekeeping; no chil-
dren. K:':- -
CHESTNUT, 293 (North Beach)— Furn. rooms,
housekeeping; cheap; fine view; sun; quiet.
FIFTH, 348— A suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; cheaj?. •>\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three. $14; three, $20; also single. $4, $5 and up.
FOLSOM. 620— Large furnished rooms and large
grounds for families with children.
FOLSOM, 1293, cor. 9th— Sunny double parlon ;
large kitchen, sink, coal stove; adults $18.
FOURTH. 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms. \u25a0 .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 309— Large alcove room;
light housekeeping; no children; prlv. family.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1202— Sunny alcove room;
kitchen; gas range; running water; phone.
GOUGH, 437-Llght furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
GROVE. 1308, nr. Devisadero— Two front sunny
rooms; furnished for light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 728— Two housekeeping rooms; one
large housekeeping room; single room, $8.
HOWARD, 1063—2 completely fur. sunny hskpg.
rooms; electric lights; running water; range.
HOWARD, 2381—2 to 4 sunny well furnished;
porch; yard; 2 entrances; $11 to couple.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front alcove suite of 3
rooms: also nice suite, $16; basement suite,
yard, laundry, $13.
JESSIE, 476— One furnished room with runnlnf;
water; suitable for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 1307—3 unfurnished rooms or flat. 4
rooms; all sunny; range; bath; yard; base-
ment; laundry.
LEAVENWORTH, 1010—3 sunny connecting
rooms, complete for housekeeping; 2 beds.
MCALLISTER, 320— Sunny front . rooms, fitted
for housekeeping; also other rooms.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
lng rooms and others. 75c to $150 per week.
NOE, 175—1 or 2 nicely furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping. '
OAK, 119—2 parlors, furnished for heavy house-
keeping, $16; 2 basement. $10; single, $7; yard.
POWELL. 911H— 1 or 2 partly furnished rooms;
kitchen; range; cheap. \u25a0
$4— ROOM at 12S O'Farrell St.; upstairs, corner
Powell. $6, office Blythe building, 14 Grant
ave.
POLK. 1(KK5 — 3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: cheap; reference.
SOUTH. PARK. 184—1 sunny room, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping.
SUTTER, 428—3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
j ing.
TENTH, 308A— 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas range; no children.
THE BELL. 1773 Market— Sunny double par-
lors with kitchen, $20; also single, $5 up.
THIRD, 334— Housekeeping- rooms complete for
family; yard.
THREE neatly furnished rooms for housekeep-
' ing; rent $10. Apply to 15 Langton st.
TO let — 3 furnished or unfurnished rooms. Ap-
ply 17 Oak st.
VAN NESS ave.. 415— Sunny furnished roorns
for housekeeping or otherwise.
WESTERN Addition — Three "sunny furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; marine view;
bath; grate; gas stove; phone; no other room-
ers; adults. Box 577, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fpra. and Pnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nglht.
j ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny;
' grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated ; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat.
clean and cheap: bath; tel. 332 Stockton at.
j BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
| nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
i — —
j BUSH. 907— Single front rooms. $6 and $10.
CALIFORNIA, 1242— An elegant sunny parlor
suite; bay windows, gas, fireplace, hot and
cold water, phone and bath; finest location;
private family: gentlemen preferred.
CAPP. 734, near Twenty-third, warm belt of
Mission— Nice sunny front room.
j CAPP, 1050— Nicely furnished rooms; private
I family; no children.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
COHEN place, 7— Front room with carpet,
clean and sunny; gas; price reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1705— Sunny neatly furnished
room, $1 per month.
! ELLIS. 310— Newly furnished rooms; private
family.
ELLIS. Zm — Carpeted bright front room, un-
I furnished; closet and gas.
EUGENE, 263 O'Farrell— New house, fireproof;
~. new furniture: electric elevator; 25 private
suits with bath; baths free; first-class.
FELL. 255— Front room nicely furnished; suita-
ble for 1 or 2 persons.
FOLSOM. 743 — Nice sunny furnished rooms;
central: cheap rent.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
j GEARY, 65S— Nicely furnished rooms for gen-
j tlemen or ladies; housekeeping if desired.
; GEARY, 1225— Sunny bay-windows, furnished
[ or not: other rooms: from 8 up.
GEARY, 1223 — 2 large sunny bay-windows for
doctor and dentist; 5 rooms and the floor.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 727— Handsomely furn-
ished, sunny room; . bath; gas; private;
reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1521—3 unfurnished
rooms, with hct and cold water In each room;
also a cottage in rear with 2 rooms.
HAYES, 671— Nice front room with or without
board for youny lady or gentleman; reason-
< able. ' •
1JOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
• ft., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class:
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
w«>ek or month; best In the city: references;
j take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
LARKIN. S34— Sunny front neatly furnished*
grate: gas; $S; 3ingle. $6 and $4; suitable for
pentlcmen.
LASKIE. 27. bet. Eighth and Ninth, off Mis-
sion — Sunny furnished flat, 3 rooms, for house-
keeping, and one slngje room (parlor); rent
cheap. \u25a0
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur.: single rooms, $10 up.
MCALLISTER. SIS— Large sunny modern room,
suitable two; hot, cold water; bath; gas.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 909%— Newly furnished front suite
for gentlemen: also single; private family.
MISSION. 925Vi— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
wlndow front rooms; gas, grate; lower flat.
NEW. ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
NICELY furnished front room suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen in private - family; Western
Addition. Address box 1018. Call office.
NOE, 181. between 13th and 16th— 2 fine sunny
rooms, private family, for gentlemen: bath.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms' and
offices; elevator;, elec. lights; day. week. mo.
ONE large sunny furnished room and bath;
everything new; 10 minutes' walk from Sixth*
and Market sts. ; private. M. T . A box
557. Call office. - .- -' - ' *
PACE, 223— Nicely furnished sunny room~in
new flat; reasonable. \ .
POST. 700—2 single sunny furnished rooms: tel-'
ephone; $8-tlO. •
REAL L-STATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
A— IF you want to buy, 'sell- or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN, 719 Mrket^t.. S. F.. office near Call big.
FOR sale— Improved ranch, 44 acres, Napa;
near steamer and railroad. 615 Willow ave.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE— SANTA CRUZ.
sTAC^E^^lchHie^eTTandTcreek; will trade for
S. F. property or cattle ranch; ranches for
rent or sale. HAMMER, & TO WNE, Santa
Cruz. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— A beautiful home In San Jose
for income San Francisco property; place
contains about 3 acres full-bearing orchard,
all varieties fruit; an elegant S-room house
with large basement; fine well, windmill and
tank; flowers and lawn: modern improve-
ments; worthy investigation; good income
property. Box 159. Call office. : \u25a0
EXCHANGES of city and country property and
business a specialty; bring or send a full de-
scription of what you have and want.
JAMES MORSE, 632 Market St., room 5.
FOR exchange for Oakland or Alameda prop-
erty, a fine large corner on Park boulevard
in S. F. Apply FELIX MARCUSE, US Mont-
gomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD.
$1060 — A fine 4-room cottage and bath, porce-
lain; modern plumbing; nice lot; near trains
and schools; a bargain.
$1100—4 rooms and bath; lot 4Sxl25; good loca-
tion.
$1300 — A good 5-room cottage; lot 30x100; fore-
closure.
$1600— New modern 4-room cottage; lot 25x150;
near Morton st. ,
$2200— A great bargain; new 6-room cottage;
corner lot; all modern conveniences; very de-
sirable.
$2500— 8-rooms and bath; 2-story house; lot 35x
150; snap.
$8250— Fine 8-room 2-story house; lot 40x207;
windmill; on Central ave.; choice location.
All the above and several others can be pur-
chased on ea6y terms; lots in all parts of Ala-
meda for sale at greatly reduced prices.
Homes -built, rented and exchanged.
Terms easy if desired.
., ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
\u25a0 1500 Park St., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$650-LOT, nea/ Bay station.
$650-Lot, near Wlllow-st station. •
$700— Lot. Pacific ave. Bay station.
$1000— Lot. near Central ave., Morton-st. sta.
$1300 — Lot, on Union st., near Central ave.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
i Bay Station, Alameda. •
$750— HOUSE of 5 rooms, near station.
$1000 to $3000— Cottages of .5 and 6 rooms;
near stations and schools; on terms to suit.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
\u25a0' Bay Station, Alameda.
$2700— MODERN cottage of 6 rooms; large re-
ception hall; fine location; near Morton-st.
station; must be sold; owner going East.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
; Bay Station, Alameda.
$1600— 6-ROOM cottage on one of our best ave-
nues; Just let' us show you this place.
$25C0— Cozy, up-to-date cottage; 5 large
rooms; brick foundation; high basement; lot
50x150; near station and school; street and
sewer work all complete and all in the very
best condition; must be sold; this property is
a snap and must be seen to be appreciated
Choice building lots in all parts of Ala-
meda. Don't fall to see us before buying.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
2326 Santa Clara ave.
M -,V S . T 6el1 to cl ° se an estate: house and lot
Vi B J°adway. corner of Washington St.,
Alameda. seven rooms, bath, attic basement
gas; lot 50x140; fine location; make offer Ap-
ply to B. McFADDEN, Attorney, 906 Broad-
way. Oakland.
COMPLETE homes and large lots. $2800; 6-room '
™T a £ e X I3CCO - 7 roorns : $3300. 8 rooms. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park.st.. Alameda. j
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; V; cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY UEAL ESTATE.
LOOK at the terms! Isn't this you~r"chance?~
$250 cash, balance easy installments, low In-
terest buys this new modern up-to-date home; I
S> fine rooms, reception. hall, hath, pantry, etc,;
tinted walls, gas and gas fixtures; open por-
celain plumbing; corner lot, £0x118; both streets
-mproved; nice neighborhood: close to stations
cars, etc. . \u25a0.
OTHER GOOD BUYS I
*1400— Lot 40x140; cottage home of 5 rooms i
and bath, high basement: very easy terms i
$1600— New. house of 6 rooms and bath; lot!
40x112; $200 cash, balance like rent. |
$1500— Fine place for money; new house of 5
rooms, and bath, high basement, nice porch,
porcelain plumbing, tinted walls, gas fixtures
etc.; lot 52x100.
H. P. IRWIN, Lorln Station.
$2250— A BARGAIN In a 5-room cottage In the i
Scenic' Park; lot 30x125; street work done;' I
grand view.
$5500— Brand-new up-to-date house on Dwlght
way; lot 50x150; S rooms; all modern con*
venlences. Apply to MAY & MORTIMER I
Berkeley station. \u25a0 . . I
$650 TO $1050— Finely situated property, east i
of Shattuck ave.. near North Berkeley depot; !
within 1, block of electric cars also. M\Y & i
MORTIMER. |
SPECIAL agents for sale of lots in the b»autl- !
ful Wheeler tract. MAY & MORTIMER.
$3300— A NEW house of 9 rooms; modern In
every particular; fine corner lot; street
work all done; accessible to station and :
electric cars.
$5000 — A new P-room house in the, best part of '
Berkeley; within B minutes' walk of uni- j
verslty and 8 minutes of station; street '
work all done.
$3100— A new house of 7 rooms, commanding a
. fine view of the bay and Golden Gate;
within one block or station: street work
done. . JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, ,
. _v Berkeley station.
$310d— 7-ROOM new Colonial house] cIof*- to
steam and electric cars; complete to move
into; cheap. \u25a0• !
$1700— 7-room cottage; large lot; growing neigh- ;
borhood; bargain.
$2000— Cottage. 3 blocks from Berkeley Station.
This Is a banraln.
$1500— Fine corner lot, C0xl3."»; the cheapest lot
In Berkeley.
S. S. QUACKE.VBUSH.
-*' Real Estate and Insurance,
r Opp. First National Bank, -Berke'.ey.
3-ROOM house on , large lot, near station;
fruit trees, windmill and tank; only $900;
easy terms.
, We are just finishing a new up-to-date
cottage of 5 rooms and bath on a good lot,
near station: price $1300;" $100 cash, balance
same as rent.
. 4 HOME REALTY CO.,
Take Berkeley train, get oft at Lorin Station.
$2000— NEW 6-rocm cottage: 1 block to train
and electric cars; all modern improvements:
porcelain bath; tiled sink; fine mantel and
sideboard; gas fixtures: walU tinted; sewer |
and water connected; $2C0 cash, balance like
rent, $20 per month, including interest. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$2400— NEW 8-room house; lot 50x140; 1 block
to cars; 5 minutes to U. C. grounds; must be
sold at once, as owner must have more money
to finish house; .$100 cash, balance less than
rent, $25 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO.. Lorln Station and
Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
A^ RARE OPPORTUNITY— Eleeant 11-room
boarding-house near unlveisity for lease on
account of denarture: every room full: fur-
niture for sale: terms reasonable. Berkeley
Room Renting Agency. 2129 Center St., Berke-
ley, Cal. ' -
LESS than cost of improvements: only $1750
for 18-room . residence, 1918 University ave.,'
Berkeley. Owner 730 Pacific ave, Alameda
or Joseph J. Mason. Berkeley Station.
$28 — NICE furn. cottage, 7 rooms, stable, etc.
N. W. cor. . Grove and Blake sts., Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
LOOK AT THIS.
$1650— Fine 5-room cottage,- with bath, wash-
stand, good basement and wash trays; lot
37x100; nothing down and only $30 month-
- ly payments; 2 blocks from this station.
$950— 4-room cottage, chicken yard and house,
well and pump; also city water; 4 blocks
from this station.
$1700— A' new 4-roojn cottage, with porcelain
bath, tank, closet, fine pantry, good base-
ment, with wash trays; lot 75x200; front-
Ing on two streets; city \u25a0water.
$1850—2 acres, soil sandy . loam, with nice 4-
room cottage, bath, good basement, barn.
;, windmill and tank, chicken yards and
houses; 4 blocks from street cars.
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO., Fruitvale
Station, or 1500 Park St., Alameda. . .
$650 AND up; Fruitvale homes; easy payments.
$300— Choice lot on car line; offer wanted.
$4000— A beautiful home; an offer wanted.
'See H. W. DAVIS, Fruitvale ave.. one block
from station. ". - :
3 ACRES (25 large lots), $2750; electric line;
' Elmhurst; choice location for home; lots op-
posite sell for $300 each. . SALSBURY. 459
Ninth St.. Oakland.
REA£ ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery Bt.
$135,000— Rents $865 per month, and can be
largely Increased; corner on Kearny
street, with 100 feet frontage; 3-story
and basement brick building; always
rented; a magnificent investment.
f62,500— Mason street, near Eddy; lot 55x82:6;
close to Market street, in the heart of
the city; will pay handsomely if prop-
erly improved.
$40,000— Corner on Eddy street, inside of Lar-
kin; improvements consist of stores and
lodging-house; leased for several years
at $245 per month; lot 87:6x87:6; no ex-
penses except taxes and Insurance.
$42,500— Rents $250; corner on Post street, near
Taylor: 3-story and basement building;
•tores and fiats; lot 57x62:6.
$37,500— Rents $305; elegant new building con-
taining stores and flats; northeast cor-
ner on Devisadero street; extra large
lot.
$26,000— Rents $189; houses on Mason street,
near Sutter; lot 63x112; a cure Income
proposition.
$25,000— Fine residence, and northeast corner
lot 75x127:8, with magnificent unob-
structed marine view, on Presidio
Heights; house contains 12 rooms, bath,
finished basement, etc.
$20,000— Elegant residence containing 14 rooms,
bath, furnace, finished basement; on
finest block on Golden Gate avenue; lot
70x110.
$19,000 — Large, handsome house of 15 rooms,
etc, on Buchanan street, near Pacific
avenue; lot 34x109:6.
$20,000— Rents $170 per month; Seventh street,
near Howard; 100 feet frontage; a fine
investment.
J17.500— Rents J160 per month; S new flats of
6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath, on north line
of Bush street, near Mason.
$13,500— Elegant house of 12 rooms, 2 baths,
furnace, hardwood floors, finished in
natural woods throughout; on Jackson
street, near Central avenue; marine
view; lot 31:6x127:8.
$11,000— Finest northeast corner lot on Presidio
Heights; 37:6x127:8; magnificent marine
view.
110,000— Rents $97 60; S new flats of 6. 6 and
7 rooms and bath; all the latest Im-
provements; on Broderick street, near
Grove.
$10,000— Very choice lot near Sutter and Tay-
lor streets; S3 feet frontage; will pay 12
per cent net if Improved.
$8,500— Rents $S0; 2 fine modern flats of 6 and
9 rooms and bath each, on Devisadero
street, near Washington; lot 25x110.
$7,500— Attractive modern residence of 9
rooms, bath, furnace, etc., on Baker
street, near Fulton; lot 25x100.
$6,000— Rents $52 BO; 2 new flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each; latest improve-
ments; Post 6treet, near Devisadero.
$5,500— Cheap; Howard street near Third; 2-
etory house of 10 rooms and bath; lot
20xS0.
$4,500— Rents $42; 3-story bay windowed build-
ing on Powell street, near Clay; always
rented; first story of brick; bank mort-
gage of $3000 can remain.
$4,250— A bargain; house of 7 rooms and bath
on "Washington street, near Devisadero;
lot 25x127:8; bank mortgage of $3000 can
remain.
. $3,600— Folsom street, near Eleventh; large
house and lot; 36 feet frontage; get par-
ticulars of this snap.
$3,500— Rents $42; 4 flats of 4 rooms each on
Clementina street, near Ninth; always
rented; pays 13 per cent net.
$3,000— Fine residential lot on Laguna street,
near Page, 23x100.
$2,000— Rents $24; near Folsom and Seventh
streets: 3 flats; lot 25 feet frontage.
$5,250— Rents 552 per month; 4 flats and lot
45x80 on Minna street, near Fourteenth;
very cheap.
O. P. BALDWIN & SON.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
Opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$700 CASH,
Balance $1300; mortgage can remain; 5-room
cottage: in the Mission; Twenty-fourth-st. car
line.
$2250
Close to Sixth Pt.; 2 houses; rents $24.
$4000.
Fine flats, near*9th St.: rents tit; want offer.
$3S0O.
Jones-st. flats; rents $41; lot 45 foot frontage.
$4950.
, Two modern flats; only % block from Market
St.; rents $40; cost nearly $7500.
$6£.00.
Corner; marine view; splendid Improvements-
rents $60.
$8000.
Vicinity Post and Stockton sts. : 9-room house
and lot-.
$12,750
Xew Van Ness ave. fiats; rents $125; a safe
buy.
? 16, SCO.
Panhandle corner; 2 new buildings; rents
$142; lot 57x115 feet.
$13,000.
Leavenworth-st. Investment; 57-foot front;
rents $105; always rented.
$19,500.
Modern improvements; lot 72x137:6; rented at
$170.
$23,500.
Polk-st. business property; In best block: an-
nual rents $1600.
$35,000.
| Mission St., near Fourth; splendid brick
! Ftructure: elevator; good high basement; rent
$250; one tenant.
$42,000.
Sutter-st. corner; east of Jones; stores and
lodging-houses; 80-foot frontage.
$55,000.
Ellis-st. income property; 100-foot frontage;
rents about $5C00 per annum.
Market St.. near Taylor; 50-foot; splendid
building; rents $760.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market Pt.
DAVIDSON* & LEIGH. Successors to
O. L1VEKMORE. Established 1874.
Rents collected; full charge taken of prop-
erty. 30 Montgomery st.
$8,250— Price reduced to sell at once; beautiful
sunny 9-room modern residence; lot 49x
137:6; in perfect order; grand view; near
Franklin and Green sts. ; a bargain.
$6,500— Cheap 9-room sunny modern house on
Leavenworth St.; close in.
$25,000 — Splendid Pacific Heights residence of 18
large sunny rooms, baths, toilets, electric
service; complete in all modern appoint-
ments and details; large grounds; mag-
nificent marine view; a beautiful home;
near Broadway and Fillmore sts.
$30,000— Water lot. 45:10x137:6; Steuart St.. near
Howard; lessee will pay 6 per cent net
for this if improved.
Valencia-st. bargain, NE. cor. 15th; lot
120x100; 3 fronts; make offer for this;
owner wishes to sell.
$13,500— Turk St., near Market; 3 flats In fine
order; 6 rooms -and bath each; modern
and complete; rents $105; large lot.
Bargains in improved and unimproved
properties in all portions of the city
\ DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
30 Montgomery street.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $900- : -Bargalns In "Sunset" lots; all
graded; elegant view; $10 monthly.
$100 to $300 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots.
$75, $100 to $250— Unexcelled bargains; near
Mission-st. cars; $5 monthly.
$400 to $800— Cheapest and best Richmond lots;
very easy terms.
$1000. $1300 to $3000— Splendid cottages. Rich-
mond, Sunset and Mission; easy terms.
$5000 — Choice corner in Mission; great bar-
gain; 60x100, with new store and flat; rent $40.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., near H st.
. •. SOL GETZ & BRO
54 Chronicle building.
DONNELLY & CO 632 MARKET ST
$14,600— Modern flats. Western Addition; rent-
ed for $14C0 a year.
$4500— Two modern flats, E and 6 rooms and
baths; handsome and substantial; rents $43.
$2100— Cozy Uttle cottage out Mission way;
a genuine bargain. .
$3800— House of 3 flats, and rear house: in
fine order; lot 25x80; 8 blocks south of Mar-
ket; rented for $46.
$2250— Two flats near Park; lot 25x125; rented
for $22.
$4200— Lot, Fulton et.; seven minutes' walk
from City Hall; old Improvements; offer
wanted.
$1200— Lot 25x104; Twenty-flrst et., nr. Flor-
ida; ready to build on; snap.
Lot 32x100; Tenth ave. and B St.; ready to
build on; offer wanted; some bargains rtrth
and south of Park; also in Excelsior Home-
stead. Flint Tract, Gift Maps 2 and 3, and
South San Francisco. ;
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market st
CHEAP business corner; SE Filbert and
Pierce sts.; a good corner to improve with
grocery and flats, and will pay big interest;
size 36x82:6; street work all done; Filbert is
bituminized; a few steps only from Union st.
cars; $2350; easy terms; $100 first payment.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
A PROPERTY, Improved or vacant, on Valen-
cia. Mission or Howard, with a frontage < of
. about 75 feet, wanted to purchase. W. J.
GUNN. 530 California et.
FLATS or a nice dwelling that Is In good con-
dition and with modern improvements want-
ed to purchase for the Income: Mission or
Western Addition. W. J. GUNN, 630 Cali-
fornia EL
RESIDENCE wanted to purchase In the West-
ern Addition, west of van Ness ave. W. J.
GUNN. 630 California st.
FOR SALE— As a whole or In subdivisions, 60-
vara lot, south line Union st.; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery St. •
SELECT your lot anywhere, we will buy It for
you, erect a house to suit and sell It to you
on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st.
THE prettiest suburban and cheapest homes in
San Francisco are for sale by THISTLETON,
272 Sadowa st. Ocean View; phone Capp 2425.
BARGAIN; $750, 9 lots near House of Correc-
tion; rented. Box 537. Call office.
' ROOMS TO 1ET — S^ank. •»* t^******
$s! month, $8 to $20; elevator on d floors
rooms with hot and cold water; b*ta».
«TnrwTO\* 310 Nice- sunny suite: runnlnsj
w^f?levaSv7$16 to $30. Tel. Brown in.
TAYLOR, 23S-N»wly rarntohed rooms to rent.
TAYLOR. 504— Sunny front rooms: _attabl« for
2 gentlemen.
TENTH. 15S-L*r« •anoy Day-window room,
$10, two yoang men. .
TO LETV-One furled or two «ll_n_--*<t
rooms; sunny. Box S87. O-tl offlce* __
TURK. 543-Clean. sunny room; gna and b*taj
|3 25- per waek; private. __,
VALENCIA. 1122-Beaatlfnl 1 new iranay front
bay-window room, upper flat. «_»_*"• £or a *
reasonable; n*» of plaao K desired.
WASHINGTON. 1320. between f J_« r ____Sg
and Jones-2 nicely furnished rooma, •Ult*W»
for t gentlemen or man ana wira.
YORK. 928-A private house «" a *£T I S___«
piano. ____————
CLASSIFIED advertisements -ndijrtfetg^ns)
received -t Call br-nch office. 2300 yUlmor*.
A BRANCH otter- for Call gd
robscrlpUoM haa been «rt*bll_nea « «»\u25a0
Valencia, st. _^ mmm — — «
ROOM8 AND BOABD. . r _ r _.__
e^u^f^e?^2^.__S_rS
•utte7«id •to*l» rooms: *o*rd ojr_oo*t *H
Eddy it, near Leavenworta. ,
THE Crocker. »1S Leavenw««tB-F&«^_____J
rooms, single and en suite; be-otttnl «w>o-d*.
THE CECILERNB, 930 Van New _v«. . i
•aygaj? sssss fzztxsnssc
MCALLISTER. 1400. corner Plerce-Choic* sun-
ny room with board for two.
CALIFORNIA. SOT (Stevenson ""^ffg-f^J
family hotel; exceptional table; -mmettw rmy
VAN NESS. «00-Nlcely furnished \u25a0^_L b ___'
wlndow room with excellent board for twc» $«,
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter-NewlJ ' furnlUiedj
excellent table; special rates to tagr______^^
ROOMS ASTD BOARD WAJT*i£P.
WANTED-Middle-aged ,Aoerlcu» *$?_»!
man would like a comfortabia horn* with aa
American family: will furnish his rooxn c*
the house If required: Western Addition pre-
ferred. Address box 1047, Call office.
LADY 20 wishes room and board to cheerful
Christian family wheraUhera ara rlrls of. be*
own age; mention age and sexof member*
of family; rent $18. Box 1005. Call office.
WANTED— Sunny front bedroom with board
in private family; steady young man: south
of Market at Addresa H. DAVIDSON. 3373
Twenty-second st _________________
LADY would like room and board: location
central; state terms. Box 1029. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
3 ROOMS furnished for housekeeping; younj
couple; kitchen exclusive; permanent: youne
American family* preferred; not too far out;
rent about $30; refs. Box 769. Call office.
SPANISH- AMERICAN gentleman wants to
i live with a small private family. Box 901,
Call office. |
1 TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st; must
be reasonable. Box 552. Call.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER'S RUPTURE SANITARIUM. " 1206
Market: treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good aa our new double lever rupture holder.
SPECIAL NOTICES!
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACD7IC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; teL 65SO.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 614 Pine.
SEWIXO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 20S 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 <jh.
STOKAGE ACT WAREHOPSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; teL Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. g40 Ml*.
sion St.; teL Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson ZSL
BEKINS Van & Storage Co.. 722 Mission i_i
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITEBS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^ARGAINg 1 KTr^EWRTraRS^-W*
sell better machines for less money th» n any
house In the city; rentals, $t The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 264.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com*
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 84. of \u25a0eve_ty«
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capN
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company. 433
California St., San Francisco, on October 10.
1901. Transfer books close October 3, 1901. at
noon. A. A.. SPARKS. Secretary.
MAEEIAGE LICENSES.
The followine marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harvey A. Evans. 24. 920 CFarrell street,
and Alice M. Stobo. 25, 920 O'Farrell street
Thomas J. Machabee, 23, 103 Dore street, aid
Alma G. La Violette. 22. 625 Hayes street.
Stewart M. Dargie, 52. 1021 Golden Gats
avenue, and Sarah B. Jones, 40. 1021 Golden
Gate avenue.
Jacob Iso. 37. 1018 De Haro street, and
Susanna Jaasko, 27. 638 Baker street.
Alexander F. Ludwig, 21. 3814 Army street,
and Susan A. Gardner. 20. 3S14 Army street
William J. Wood. 34. Vallejo. and Emma
xbarra. 30, city.
John J Kayanaagh. 40, Taunton. Mass.. and
Elizabeth Kelly, 21, city.
Henry J. Van Erkelens, 28. 1429 Twentieth
avenue, and VIctorine Florentine. IS, 2005 Rail-
road avenue.
Thomas J. Parsmen. 21, 723 Brannan street.
and Mary J. O'Donnell, 16, 412 Twenty-seventh
street.
Edward G. Romero. 23, 4217 J street and
Effie J. Squires. 19. 4217 j street. ""**' ana
Laurance I. Scott, 27. 507 Harrison street,
and Caro Crockett. 22. 2029 California street.
Harrison L. Coffin, 40. 804 Taylor street, and
Caroline L. Cook. 32. 634 Sutter street.
Manoel \ de Souza, 29. 65 Jackson street, ana
Marie Ide Azevedo, 44, 65 Jackson street.
Abraham Keller. 29, Oakland, and Florence-
Eisenschimel. 20. city.
Arthur Werner. 23. Crockett, and Anni»
Shimonowsky, 16. Crockett
Edward J. O'Brien, 29, 1341 Webster street,
and Lncie F. Boudln. 25. 835 Broadway.
BIRTHS— MARBI&GES—DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b»
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRD— In this city. August 24. 1901. to the
wlft of John F. Bird, a son.
COYLE— In South San Francisco. September
27. 1901. to the wife of William Coyle. a son.
FEEHAN— In this city. September 22. 1901, to
the wife of E. T. Feehan, a daughter.
FRIEDLANDER— In this city, October 3. 1901.
to the wife of I. A. Friedlander. a daughter.
LANDRAUR— In this city. September 28, 190L
to the wife of J. T. Landraur. a son.
LEROSD- In this city. October 1. 1901, to tha
wife of Theodore Lerond, a daughter.
TOOMEY— In this city. September 23, 1901. to
the wife of James J. Toomey, a daughter
WETMORE— In this city. October 2. 190L* t»
the wife of William B. Wetmore a son
WORMSER— In this city, October 5. 190L to
the wife of Julius Wormser. a daughter
111 ,^ 18 3*1' Se Ptember 26, isoi. to
the wife of David Young, a daughter.
MAEBIED.
COFFIN-COOK-In this city. October t Mot
by Rev. E. B. Church. Hi L^Coffln «* tSH
city and Caro L. Cook, dkurttwof Dr i!
S. Cook and Mrs. Dr. Cook of tola city
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE streeTi
• A U CT I O N I
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TTJEEDAX October 15, 1901
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom. Xo. 638 Market Street.
VALLEJO 6T. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North eide (Nos. 1220-1K2) Vallejo Bt., 162:6
feet east of Hyde; a two-story house of 7 rooms
end bath. 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each and
a rear house, 5 rooms; all in first-class condi-
tion; modern, sanitary plumbing, tiled mantels
and sinks, etc.; magnificent view of the city
and Golden Gate; rents $71 per month; lot 43:9x
127:6 feet; street bituminized; cement walk.
6OUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. '
West Bide (Nos. 124 to. 126%) Hawthorne Bt.,
137:6 feet couth of Folsom; three fine well-built
flats of 5, 6, 4 rooms and bath; this property
being centrally located is always rented; rents
J52 per month; lot 24:9x112:6 feet.
ELEGANT SITE FOR FLATS. .
North Bide of 23d st.. 92 feet ea6t_3f Guerrero;
two fine large building lots in the/heart of the
famous MISSION WARM BELT; modern flats
built on these lots would rent for $37 59 per
month each; level and ready for building; street
bltumlnlzed, cement sidewalk; lot 58x114 feet.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
Northeast corner (Xo. 100) South Broderick
and 14th sts. ; modern residence of 7 rooms and
bath and basement; well built; magnificent pan-
oramic view of San Francisco and bay shore
cities; lot 26:2xS6:3 feet.
MISSION HOME.
W«et Bide (No. 3S) Norfolk Bt., 180:6 feet south
of Folsom; a fine two-story house of 6 rooms;
In good condition; lot 22:6x63 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE— ON TERMS.
South side (No. 3S1) Jersey St.. 85 feet east of
Castro; pretty, well built modern home of 6
rooms and bath; only half block from Castro-
et cars; TERMS 1-5 CASH; lot 25x114.
PAGE-FT. RESIDENCE.
2Cortn side <S24) Page et., 106:3 feet east Devls-
_ dero; large, well-built modern residence, 8
rooms and bath; in fine condition; a fine key lot
on the sunny side of street; lot 25x137:6.
TTESTERX ADDITION COTTAGE.
South eide (Xo. 173;) McAllister St., 162:6 feet
west of Broderick; a cozy, modern, up-to-date
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; only 4 years old;
cost $2500 to build; street bituminized; large
lot, 43:2x127:6 feet.
MODERN* WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South eide (Xoe. 2S19-2S21) Golden Gate ave.,
230 feet east of 1st ave.; two modern, well-built
flats of 5 rooms and bath each; porcelain bath;
tiled mantels; every modern convenience; rents
530 per month; lot 26x137:6 feet.
BUCHANAN-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Southwest corner Buchanan and Greenwich
«tE.; five elegant building lots, level and ready
for building; this portion of the city has devel-
oped wonderfully In the last year and this
property is assured an elegant future.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
South side of California Bt.. 96:4 feet ea6t of
17th ave.; a fine large level lot ready for build-
ing; street eewered; lot 40x96:1 feet.
"~> EASTON'. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
.__ 638 Market Bt.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO. ~ ~ ~~~
C3S Market st.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
X10.E00— Two fine modern two-story residences
of 12 rooms and bath each; fine stable*;
on the best residence portion of Scott
6t.; larce let 35:6x125 feet.
MASON STREET IMPROVED CORNER.
510,000— Two stores; six tenements; two flats
and a stable; SE. corner; pays $1104
per annum; lot 50x80 feet.
FLATS NEAR GOLDEN GATE AVE, AND
LEAVENWORTH ST.
$9000— Six well-built flats of 7 and 6 rooms
each; pays $10S0 per annum; alwavs
rented; lot 40x60 leet.
PARK PANHANDLE BARGAIN RESIDENCE)
$5500— An elegant modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath; on the east side of Lyon st.;
overlooking the fark Panhandle; this
property cost over J9000 and will be sold
on easy terms; 25x91:2 feet.
CALIFORNIA STREET RESIDENCE.
55000 — A well-built house of 10 rooms and
' bath: on California et.. near Pierce-
lot 22:6x57:6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
14500— A modern up-to-date cottage; 6 rooms
and bath and basement on the north.
eide of Page st.; plenty of sun ajid
light; lot 25x100 feet.
BARGAIN.
EOUTH»OF MARKET STREET.
$4009 — Four well-built tenements of 3 rooms
«ach ; near Tenth and Harrison Ets. ;
Improvements only jrfx years old and in
first-class condition; always rented;
; fcrick foundation; lot 25x85 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63g Market St.
HOOKER & LENT. ~~~
14 Post Street
•540 000— Market-st. corner, adjacent to Van
\u25a0STess ave.; large lot.
?37,500— New buildings; Btores and flats; cor-
aier lot; rents $310 per month.
S2LO0O— Eddy St.; rents $175; new 3-story
building.
; $17.000— Near Sutter and Taylor; rents ?165.
: $15,600— Stores and flats; corner lot; 1% blocks
trorn. Van Xes6 ave. and Market St. j
$20,000— Rents $165 per month; 6 houses: large
lot; 2 corners.
$10,000— Rents $97 60; 3 new flats; near Devlsa-
«lero and Grove sts.
Eddy Bt, north eide, near Leavenworth: large
fcouse; lot 27:6x137:6. B
$6850— Remits $65; 3 flats; Franklin and Hayes
'Streets.
\u25a0 $40CD— Corner. Harrison Et. near Fifth- two
buildings; this is a bargain.
. $3500— Two houses, near Guerrero and Mar-
ket; rents $30.
i HOOKER & LENT.
FOR eale by W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont-
. gomery st. '
• $26.000— McAllister, opposite City Hall- 50x87-6
• $15.OOO-Clay. nr. Battery; 3-story brick; under
lease; paying 6 per cent.
$1L5CO— Union, nr. Octavia; Btores and flats-
44:9x137:6. '
$11,000— Buchanan, nr. California; double
bouse, S rooms and bath each; 43:6x100.
$6500— Three flats, 4, 5, 5 rooms; bath each-
Thirteenth, nr. Howard; 26x79.
$6000— Mission, nr. Sixteenth; store and flats-
25x100. '
$5500-^Clara, nr. Fourth Bt.; 3 flats, 6 rooms
End bath; 25x85.
$3600— Harriet, nr. Howard; 2 good flats E
and 6 rooms, bath; 25x76.
$2300— Alabama, nr. Twenty-second; flats 6 and
6 rooms and bath; 26x100.
$11.000— Pacific, nr. Jones; good lot for flats-
115:6x137:6.
$1150— Douglass, nr. Seventeenth; 25x125.
DON'T WAIT
Until they are all Bold; buy now one of those
elegant Folsom-street building lots; care pass
In front of the property; cement sidewalks
laid; out of the winds and fogs; payments
$10 monthly. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
IF YOU "
Do not think that paying for & home beats
throwing your money away In rent, Just ask
some of the many to whom I have sold
homes: they would not go back to the old
rent paying habit
4. 5 and 6 room homes, built of the best
and In good localities: on easy terms. OS-
CAR HEYMAN. 14 Post Bt
ON EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
5-room cottage on Nebraska Bt, near 24th
5-room cottage. 1 block from 22d st.
2 flats on Hartford st.
6-room cottage (new) on California ave
• 200 feet from car house.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
JC5(V>— WESTERN Addition income property
$3100— Cheap Mission flats rents $27
$2500— Cheap Mission cottage.
$3000— 3'JxSO; Thirteenth st., near Market- will
subdivide. '
$5500— Cheapest corner In Western Addition
for flats.
$350— A bargain: cheapest corner lot In the
Richmond district; £2:6x151:10; must be sold.
$900— Collingwood st lot, near Nineteenth-
27 :6xlO5.
Cheep lots: E2xl22:6; sunny Eide Folsom Bt
near Seventeenth. '"
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
_\u25a0 No. <1 and 42. Chronicle Building.
FREDERICK, 259. near Clayton, on Ashbury
Heights; elegant borne, containing 7 rooms
bath, dressing-room and cedar closet, laun-
dry and 6*rvant'6 room; reception hall, din-
ing-room and staircase finished In solid oak-
house was built for owner about 2 years
since; is In perfect repair and is a model of
convenience and comfort; fine lawn and
flower garden; lot 25x106; reason for sale
owner about to remove permanently from
city. Apply on premises.
A BARGAIN— Tenement bouse: property pro-
ducing good Income; must be sold Immediate-
ly to close an estate; sale need not be con-
firmed by court ADAMS & ADAMS. Phelan
building.
MODERN house of 6 rooms and bath; 1%
blocks couth of Golden Gate Park. 1348
Eleventh ave. •
JCEW flats In Mission warm belt HENRY
KE1GE, builder and owner. 1024 Capp et.
NEW bouse 7 rooms, facing D~iboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Etelner.
• GEO. H. MOORE, O Portola at.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8ALH.
LYON & HOAG, , . v • '
' 114 Montgomery st.
$2,800— Jersey st., near Castro; a good cottage
of 5 rooms and bath in excellent repair,
lot 25x90; large mortgage .can remain.
$8,250— Mission st, - near Sixteenth; a 3-story
building containing a store and 2 flats
of 7 rooms and bath each; also 3 rooms
in rear of store; rents $60; foreclosure
sale; must be sold at once.
$23.500— Choice business property within 3 block*
of City Hall; a large- corner lot, 55x95,
with Improvements in splendid repair,
consisting of 3 stores and .flats above;
' always rented for $200.
$12,500- : -Great bargain In business property, cor-
ner Twenty-fourth and Howard sts.;
lot 35x92:6 with substantial improve-
ments In good condition, containing
stores and flats renting for $129; heavily
mortgaged and must be sold at once.
$2,900— Ninth ave., near Park; a pretty bay-
window and basement cottage of 6
rooms and bath; basement floored and
plastered; lot 25x120.
$6,250— Business corner on Sacramento st.; a
3-story building containing a store and
8 flats; total rents $56.
$12,000— Page St., close to Park; 3 handsome new
flats containing 7 rooms and bath each;
total rents $112 50; koy lot; command-
Ing abundance of light and sun.
$8.000— Close to Page and Ashbury sts.; 3'baj-
window flats, containing 5 and 6 rooms
each; total rents $72 50.
$4,000— Greenwich st., near Fillmore; 2 flat*
of 4 and 5 rooms each; also a cottage
on rear street; lot 37:6x120 through to
rear street; rents $40; a bargain.
$14,000— A gooa business corner near Fillmore
St., consisting of drug store and 2 fiats-
large lot; rents $97 50.
$11,000— Two substantially built houses close to
Devisadero and California sts., contain-
ing 9 rooms and bath each and all mod-
em conveniences; lot 55x110 ft.; mubt
be sold to close an estate; rents $100;
offer wanted.
$6,500 — Another bargain; Fell st., near Gough;
a 2-story bay-window house of 9 rooms
and bath; large lot 27:6x120 ft. through
to rear street; space for another build-
Ing fronting on rear street.
$11,000 — Large corner 5Sx90, close to Fell and
Octavla sts.; rent $60; good improve-
v ments; rent $S0; bound to increase in
value; sold to close an estate.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS. •
108 Montgomery st., S. F.
A FINE CHANCE
to secure a home in the Western Addition:
northwest corner of Pine and Pierce sts.: 10-
room residence; broad side to sun; must be
sold within a few days; price $7500; no reason-
able offer refused.
A BIG CORNER.
Centrally located in the Mission; a transfer
corner on Mission st.; must be sold; price
$40,000; an offer wanted.
A CHEAP LOT.
On Clay st.. Presidio Heights; cheapest lot
in the district; price only $1500.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Fine lots at the corner of Scott and McAl-
lister sts.; each 27:6x137:6; splendid location
for flats; price $3230 each.
RENT $40-PRICE $4500.
Three flats near Buchanan st. ; 5 rooms and
bath each; very low rent.
IN THE PANHANDLE.
Three fine new modern flats of 7 rooms eacH;
rent $102 50; price $10,500
BAKER ST. LOT.
On Baker st. boulevard; 25x125; price $3500:
VALLEJO ST.
Splendid modern residence of 9 rooms; finely
finished throughout; with uninterrupted marine
view; price $13,500.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., S. F.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$6500— Flats; Larkln st., near Chestnut; near
Hyde-st cars: 15 minutes from this office; rents
$58; view of bay; a bargain.
$G500 — Good investment; O'Farrell st. to rear
street, near Laguna; rents $50; steady renting
property.
$6000— Valencia-st. Investment; 2 good houses;
rents $45; lot alone worth the price.
j Choice lots; Hyde and Francisco: 15 minutes
from our office; superb view of bay; corner;
35x112: $3500; inside lots, $1750.
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut st., west of
Hyde: 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$6500— Lot NW. Hyde and Filbert sts.; 60x137;
fine site for building with every room sunny;
good view south; also bay view from upper
floor.
$3000-Lot SE. Larkin and Filbert sts.; 41x62;
choice site for home or flats: view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery St.
JACOB HETMAN CO.
Our 5-room house on 23d st., near Douglass.
Heyman tract. Is ready for inspection (Mr. J.
Cotter. 113 Hoffman ave., i? our resident agent),
which you can buy with your rent money that
1 you are wasting away; Interest decreases down
to 10 cents monthly.
$SDO— Three-room house; $100 down, $10 month-
ly. Two houses, 4 rooms and bath; terminus
\ alencia st. ; cheap: easy terms. $100— Park
lots near Ocean Beach boulevard; $1 down $1
monthly; party getting up a club of 25 will get
1 lot free.
• $250— Lots on 29th and Diamond; $5 down. $1
monthly. Six lots on Silver ave.. near San
Bruno cars; good for chickens: cheap. Four-
room house on s Arlington (<t..near Mateo; street
work done: installments $12 50.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
BARGAIN'; elegant SW. cor. on Twenty-fourth
and Fair Oaks sts. Apply C. A. CURTIN.
Mills building, room 24.
LOT 60x75, on Mission road, opposite St Mary's
College; extra cheap. Apply C. A. CURTIN
Mills building, room 21.
$50,000 TO invest in income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
. 702 Market gt.
FOR SALE— New cottage of 6 rooms, bath and
basement on Ninth ave., 1M. blocks south of
Park: one of the \u25a0 nicest-places -in -the -citv
for a home. See it to-day.
NEW cottage,' 6 rooms, baths; lot 37:6x100 feef
Mission: $2SO0; terms to suit buyer.. 413 Kearnyl
MISSION-ST. -lots at -bargain: termsand' easy
payments: Apply BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
FOR sale— A bargain; cottage of 4 rooms; easy
terms. Apply store, Alabama and Montcalm.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room ' residence, with
bath: 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
HERE is a buy for. $3200; 9 acres,- fruit and
poultry farm in Alameda County, close to
R. R. depot; level land; all In^ Al orchard-
h 5 US€ 6 rooms; barn, fine large fruit house.
oOOO gallon tank, can irrigate any part of the
place; all farming implements and tools; good
horse, wagons and 300 poultry; get particu-
lars of this genuine bargain. H: H CRANE
508 California st. .... • . . \u25a0 \u25a0 • , '
A— $4500; 23 ACRES, beautiful- home and fruit
farm; first-class improvements; 'personal
property; 16 acres in bearing orchard; bal-!
ance hay and garden land; one mile from
depot; near this city; Alameda County: this
\u25a0 Is a splendid and well kept property. H H
CRANE, 508 California st. "
FOR rent— 275-acre farm, in Alameda County
cash rent. H. H. CRANE. 508 California st!
TO lease— Ranch of 421 acres In Alameda
County; adapted for fine stock and general
farming: house, barn, , etc. ; cash rent enly
H. H. CRANE. 508 California st.
A— LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN;
A magnificent ranch and paying ferry; situ-
ated within the school district of the growing
city of Redding. Shasta County; consists of 812
acres of fruit, grain, alfalfa, pasture and wood
land; 80 acres in bearing orchard, 5 acres in
vineyard, 200 atres in grain, with large crop-
comfortable dwelling; large barn; also a fully
equipped ferry and ferry franchise, which pays
interest on the entire investment; this ranch
•would subdivide beautifully; Is one of the most
promising money-making places in the State-
income from ferry and farm $3260 last year;
can be purchased on easy terms at a great bar-
gain; maps and photos with full particulars.
DAVID BUSH & SON. JO Montgomery st.
SAN MATEO— We have some 'beautiful vlTia
FAIR OAKS sites. Improved and unimproved
BELMONT in these beautltul places; also
PALO ALTO some handsomely furnished
houses for rent. Apply to
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
AUCTION SALE. ~
Fresno Loan and Savings Bank (In liquida-
tion) will sell its 4-story brick building and 75
pieces of city and country real estate at pub-
lic auction, without reserve, at Fresno, Cal.,
Monday, October 7, 1901.
Lists containing details, etc.. can be ob-
tained at office of Bank Commissioners 530
California St.. or by addressing the bank at
Fresno. Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
. San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for pouUry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., tor pam-
phlets and information.
FOR SALE— $1500; 21 acres on Petaluma road,
4 miles -south of Santa Rosa; house of 6
rooms; barn and chicken houses; about 300
fruit trees; an ideal chicken ranch. Inquire
233 Mississippi st., Potrero.
TO be sold— 120 acres of the very best grape
land on earth, and location where the grape
ripens to perfection. For further particulars
address Principal, Lambert. Cal.' >^
KEEP your eye on San Joae; double track
building;, fast overland route; property "de-
pressed; good time to buy; If you wait till
others' want It It will be higher; some splen-
did orchard and farm bargains; see our cata-
logue of San Martin ranch; good land cheap;
monthly payments $lt 14 for 10 acres. WOOS-
TER. WHITTON &' MONTGOMERY. 634
Market st.. San Francisco, and San Jose.
FOR sale or lease— Ranch of 80 acres near St.
Helena; good house, barn, chicken-houses,
etc.; small orchard;-, price- # $1250; bargain.'
Box 592. Call office.
FOR bargains In Umber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through. the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co., 702 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
50c A WEEK; how to become rich.
This should interest every man, woman
and child who is desirous of saving
something and will Investigate this proposi-
tion.
$2*5 PAYABLE 50c A WEEK.
buys 100 shares non-assessable land
stock in the Oakland Land Company.
If you join with us now
we pay you 100 per cent the first year.
Your investment guaranteed. We Invite
you to call and investigate for yourself.
We have lawyers, doctors, merchants, clerks,
women and people In every line of
profession interested with us.
The company owns one of the most
beautiful pieces of property In the
Point Richmond district. The only
. piece which has two railroad
stations upon the ground, combined
with over one mile of water front
for manufacturing purposes; only
60 minutes to San Francisco.
Property will be so improved as to
. make the choicest residence site
In this whole section. ,
Call and get full particulars,
maps and catalogues of this section.
zm \u25a0 •
OAKLAND LAND COMPANY,
632 Market St., room 10, San Francisco.
: = ;
$3500 PROPERTY FOR $2600.
Lot 50x140; sunny and convenient to cars,
schools, etc; almost new and in first-class
order; 6 rooms and bath; owner has left
Oakland on account of sickness and must j
sell; this is a bargain and must be seen to i
be appreciated.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000 — COST of house only; lot given away.
A brand-new 7-room house; cement base-
ment; large lot; driveway; three blocks to
local train; house opposite cost $16,000;
charming neighborhood; terms easy; an ideal
home; street work complete; first come, first
serve. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3230— TWO-STORY 7-room house; worth to
duplicate $40.1.0; its architectural design and j
T finish are of very latest and best In every de-
tail; can not be - appreciated as to price, lo-
cation and style without being seen.
S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2700— AN IDEAL 6-ROOM COTTAGE
Orr a sightly elevation on Vernon Heights ad-
joining Senator Perkins; it is a beauty; must
be sold; lot 50 feet frontage; everything in
perfect order; in fact almost brand new; no
reserve on this; first come, first serve.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$4S50— SPECIAL snap; Linda Vista Terrace; su- }
perbly situated home, 8 rooms; electric ap-
pliances; stable; corner lot, 70x125; mortgage
$3500; sacrifice. "**\u25ba >
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 4o2 Eighth st., Oakland.
$22,000 — "BEAUTIFUL for situation"; possess-
ing advantages of near remoteness* and ac- '
; cessible seclusion; extraordinary offering; a j
palatial home; constructed one year; cost !
$25,000. ' I
i \u25a0 LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., |
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland. .
AT BARGAIN PRICES. [ ~~"
AT BARGAIN PRICES.
.$250 oash; special; $40 per month.
$230 cash; special; $40 per month.
Fronting Telegraph ave.
s See those beautiful new homes. 8 rooms; !
latest plumbing: sideboards, mantels, etc. j
The best value of any new homes in the
market; contractor forcing sale. See imme-
I diately. «
WHY PAY RENT?
\u25a0WHY PAY RENT?
WHY PAY RENT?
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO .
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
I $2500— A BANK SALE— $23CO.
' $100 down and easy monthly payments will-
buy a cozy, nparly new modern Colonial cotV
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation?
etc.. with folding doors and sanitary plumbing:
lot 30x100 feet: above the street grade, with nice
open lawn; stone walks and all street improve-
ments; Insured for ?J000. and all In fine condi-
tion: electric cars in front and only a few
blocks from -Adeline street station; location
very desirable; handy to schools and churches-
liberal discount for all cash '
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
j 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250 — JUST completed; cozy 5-room cottage, !
high basement, brick foundation and every I
modern convenience; will finish the house to |
suit- the buyer; large lot, sunny side; street <
work all done; easy terms if desired; buyer !
can have more land to extent of 100 feet ad-
joining at a moderate price.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
| " 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
I $5 CASH. $2 50 monthly; 2 lots . 25x236; price
i $39 each. . • '
j $20 cash, $5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $250
I in all.
1 $50 cash. $5 monthly: 4 lots. 100x100; trees
and shrubberies: price $300.
I $75 cash. $7 £0 monthly: S lots. 100x200; fine
! oaks and laurel trees; price $."75.
; $65 cash, $10 monthly; 200x200: price $*!83 In
all; fine soil, grand view, superb climate: near
electric car line; fine school; building up rapidly
: with a good class of people; no fogs nor raw
. winds; adjoining East Oakland; call or send i
I for circular. -455 Seventh st-. opposite Hroad-
I way station, Oakland: carriage free.. H Z
JOXES. owner.
$300 CASH, $20 monthly— A rare buy for a phy- I
sician: prominent location; up-to-date modern
2-story house of 9 rooms, all conveniences:
lot 40x130, on Fruitvale ave.; no fogs nor raw
winds; a. lovely home at a great bargain;
price, all told. $2600: will make terms to suit,
or discount for cash. 455 Seventh st., oppo-
site Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free." HENRY Z. JONES, Owner. *
A SPECIAL LIST. : ~~~
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
$2600— A beautiful modern up to date cottage of
six rooms and bath; central. •
$1500-^-320 acres Salinas Valley ; considerable oak
timber; barn, chicken house and cabin:
soil. very rich: suitable for general farm-
ing or fruit raising; only reason for sell-
ing Is party needs money to buy out his
partner.
$1000— A fine 50- foot lot .on Twenty-third st
near Telegraph ave.; owner non-resident;
big snap.
S. N. DODGE & SON.
7 1160 Broadway,
\u25a0 - - Oakland.
FINE modern residence, 14 large rooms- 2 bath-
jooms, servants', basement: hot water fur- '
nace: stable for 4 horses;. half a block of mag-
nificent garden; grand view; ideal place for
children or Invalid; 40 minutes from S. F. ;
45 from Berkeley; no reasonable offer refused-
sold on account of change or residence. Ap-
ply premises, southeast corner Sixth ave. and
Twentieth St., East Oakland.
$2250 — LOT 30x100: 8 rooms; high basement; fine
location; near Seventeenth and West streets-
a bargain. Address box 2328, Call office, Oak-
land. \u25a0 • '-\ \u25a0
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.*-- ; *•
gj; CHICAGO, Oct. 5.— Practically the only bull
argument for wheat at the 'opening was a bet
ter tone in the cables^ Receipts were still
large, the .weather perfect and there was no
large cash demand. December, however, opened
tys@Vic higher at- CS%@*S%c, and on some fair
local buying began to throw oft* the bear in
fluence that has pressed it for the last week.
May wheat had a fair trade and following this
and a report of Increased buying for export
December advanced and .-closed firm. %@%c up,
at 69@69%c.
Corn had a firmer undertone, helped largely
by- better cables and a desire to cover short
accounts over Sunday. December closed steady,
%<??%c ud at 56%@56%c. .'\u25a0
. Oats had a dull, narrow market. December
closed a shade higher at 35%c.
Provisions were dull and In spite of declines
\u25a0 seemed to have a good undertone. Liquidation
brought -lower opening prices for January pro
ducts, but a fair local and cash demand ab
sorbed them with but- small losses. January
pork . closed 12'4c down, lard. 10c lower and
ribs 5c down. Y< . . ' .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October : 67»i • 67% 67^ 67%
December 68% 63V* 68% 69
May 72% 72% 72y 4 72%
Corn No. 2—
October 55 . 55 1 ,! 55. 55VJ
December 56"ft 56% E6»4 56%
May 5Sy 4 63»,fc 68H 68%
Oats No. 2—. , . \u25a0
October 34V4
May 37*£ 37%. 37% 37fi
-Mess Pork, per bbl —
October 14 35 14 35 14 32',i 14 32%
January 15 65 15 67^4 13 52^ 13 55
May 15 72*i 15 73 15 63 13 65
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October . . : 9 S7Y 3 9 90 9 85 9 85
November ..9 70 9 72^4 9 70 9 70
January.... 9 25 9 23 9 17% 9 17V4
May 9 25 9 27Vs 9 lTVfi 9 20
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— » \u25a0 . • .
October. 8 55 8 57% 8 50 8 52%
January •..".-., 8 10 8 12% 8 07% 8 07%
May : 8 17% 8 17% 8 15 8 15
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter. patents, 53 50@3 60; straights, $3
<2'3 40; clears, '$2 75@3 10; spring specials. ,$4;
patents, ?3 3C@3 60; straights, $2 S0@3 20; No. 3
spring wheat. 66%<g68c; No. 2 red, 69'369Vic: No.
2 oats. 35{?3i%c; No. S white, 37%©3Sc; No. 3
white, 36U@38c; Xp. 2 rye, 54%c; fair to choice
malting barley,' GMzoSc; No. 1 flax seed. North
western, $1 44; prime timothy seed, $5 50; me&s
pork, per bbl,' $14 40@14 45; lard, per 100 lbs,
$9 95i89 97%: short-rib sides (loose), $8 45@S 65;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), • 7%@7%e; short
dear sides (boxed), J9 10@9 20; whisky, basis of
high wines, fl 30: clover, contract grade, $S 33.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,000 19.CC0
Wheat, bushels ,.'....133,000. , 13,000
Corn, bushels „.. 421.000 250.COO.
Oats, bushels 324,0ft) 377,000
Rye, bushels 13.000
Barley, bushels 45,000 25,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was ste"ady; creameries, 14(g21c; dairies,
19@21c. • Cheese, steady, 9%@10?ic. Eggs, fresh,
Chicago Grain Market.
crop, 13@15c;' 1900 crop, llflac; Pacific Coast,
1900 crop, li@i5c. "
' ff IDES — Steady. California. 21 to 25 pounds.
1,}J OOLrr " r)uI1 - Domestic fleece, 25@26c; Texas,
16@liC. *• '-, -'\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . •-
COFFEE-Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 7>4@llc. Coffee futures
closed quiet, with prices net unchanged. Total
sales, 11,250 bagrs. including: November, $1 95;
December. $5 05@5 10; March, $5 35; May, $5 50;
Ju " e .^l 3 6 °: July; *5 65; September, ?5 75(g5 80.
BUTTER— Receipts, •• 2400 packages. Steady.
State dairy. 14©21c; creamery. 15@22%c; June
creamery, 20@22c; fresh factory, 12H@H%c.
EGGS— Receipts. 5000 packages. Firm. "West
ern, candled, 20@21c; uncandled, 16<320%c.
. ' DRIED FRUIT. •'
market for evaporated apples ruled quiet
but about steady at unchanged prices. State,
common to good, BiQSc; prime, 8>i@8%c; choice.
9c; fancy, 2%tg9y 2 c. %
California dried fruits tvere \u25a0 inactive but
about steady. • . - - • . ' ••
PRUNES— 3%@7c. ' . \u25a0\u25a0-
'APRICOTS— Royal, 8>i®13c; Moorpark. 8@12e.
PEACHES— Peeled. n@18c; unpeeled, 6@8%c.
New York Grain and Produce
For Mining Stocks See Page 32.
Consul Borel Banqueted.
Antoine Borel, Swiss Consul In this city,
was tendered a banquet last evening:, by
the members of the Swiss Society in hon»
or of his return from Europe. More than
200 guests were present and several stir
ring speeches were made during the re
past.
* — | — — — 7. — -!' :V. - -•\u25a0\u25a0 — " — *
NEW YORK, Oct.' 8.— FLOUR— Receipts. 23,
191 barrels.; exports, 12,415. Steadier In tone,
but not active. Winter patents. - $3 50@3 80;
winter straights, I $3 25@3 40; Minnesota pat
ents, S3 55@3 S3; do extras, |2 6O@2 80; do
bakers', $2 S5@3 15; winter low grades, $2 30@
2 40. • • • "\u25a0 - .
WHEAT— Receipts, 194,158 bushels; - exports,
66,073. Spot, ftrm; No. 2 red. 73Hc t. o.b. afloat
and 74'Ac elevator;- No. 1 Northern Duluth,
75V4c f. o.' b." afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth.. 79%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options wero firm and a shade
higher on local support against weekly privi
leges, supplemented by firm cables and a little
foreign buying. Closed firm, %c net over- last
night.- May, 77 ll-16@7"34c. closed 775;c; .Octo
ber^ closed 72«4c: December, 7-1 9-16@74 ll-18c.
closed 74%c. •
HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice, 1901
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Rudolph A. H. von Meier against Lot
tie Bowers von Meier for cruelty, Jennie
B. Chase against John G. Chase for cru
elty and Eva M. Johnson against Andrew
Johnson for desertion. Mary B. Deane
filed a suit for divorce against Charles P.
Deane. in which she allegres that he has
treated her with extreme cruelty. The
Deancs were married thirty-six years agu
Jn Nova Scotia. According to the com
plaint of the wife, her husband com
menced to beat her six months agro and
has since on numerous occasions threat
ened to kill her. Deane keeps a boarding
house at 313 Pacific street.
In the Divorce Court.
GRAND HOTEL. :
0 P Chri6tensen, Cal J Collins. Hongkong .
S T Hills, Minn W Martin. San Jose
Miss U Worthing. Cal E R Stivers, N D
II T Nlckerson, Xapa J H Lewis, -Bollnas
F V Flint. Los Ang R F Crowell, Stanford
M G McKoon, Ls Ang S G Denursdey. Stanfd
J H Huren, Los Ang T P Bisland. Coultervil
A E Pomeroy. Ls Ang S S Holl, Sacto
J C Goldthwalt & w, Mrs J A Cunningham,
Texas Sacramento
P Rich & w. Nome Mrs C W Porter. Sacto
JM McClung. Oroville J Johnson, N Y
W B Clapp. Pasadena M F Perry. Mexico
J W Wood, Pasadena W G Moaher, Mexico
1 L Collins. Orange S K Fletcher, Cal
C H Schilinbarger. Ill Miss E Douglas.Russia
Mrs C A Palm. Sacto S Yoshie. Siberia
W G Shaln & w, Sacto E Morita. Siberia
E Carney & w, Cal A Larnara. Siberia
tl Klein, Los Angeles A L Guzburg, 111
G B Lardner, Auburn L A Guzburg, 111
Dr L Henry. Alameda C F Craven. Chicago
A T Hilton, Topeka C Kaiser & w, Reno
R W Krobetzsh. Phila C E Kaiser, Reno
W F Chase. NT
PALACE HOTEL.
Geo Silverbere. Md S J Vlosto, N Y
Paul Masson, San Jose Mr & Mrs. J Howard,
Chas J Wheeler, Cal Emporium. Pa
J D Grisslm, San Jose G R Roberta & w,
A F Goehr, Belvedere Salt Lake
Varon von Bash, Cal A B Newcombe, N Y
F M Clark. NY OR Potter & w. Utah
Mrs Delmas. Cal J M Sherrerd. Pa •
C A Garlick. N Y M Martin & w, ti Y
J n Swearinzer. Iowa W W Chapin, Sacto
C J Stough, San Diego E R Graham, Cal
K M Jackson, Alaska J Delton, .Stonford
M G McKom. Ivjs A I^ouls P Bansbach. Cal
Jas H Hurin, Los An Freeman Ford. Stanfd
A E Pomerry. Los An Mrs John Dean, Cal
II M Anderson, Chi Miss Dean, Oakland
Dr & Mrs. E M Cul- G Ayre Carr, London
ver, N Y Chas S Morris. N Y
Mies K. Culver. N Y Mrs F O Burridge, NY
Miss Mai Pfout3. Mon • /
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Stocks— . - Sales High Low Close
Atchison. 1,000 76% 75 75%
Atchlson pfd 4,300 95% 95U 95'A
Baltimore & Ohio 700 100M, 99V4 99
Baltimore & Ohio pfd ..„ 93
Canadian Pacific 700 108^6 108 1O7V4
Canada Southern 79
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,300 u% 44 44
Chlcaso & Alton..; SCO 36 S5« skxj
Chicago & Alton pfil.... 300 77VJ 77^ 77
Chicago In<t & Louis... 400 40 39% 3914
Chicago Ind & Luis pfd 100 72% 72% n&
Chicago & East Illinois .... *
Chicago & Great Westrn 600 22 21V4 21V4
Chlcaro & G W A pfd.. - 200 84«$ S4V4 84^4
Chicago & GW B pfd.. ; ..„ J2*
Chicago & Northwestern 102
Chicago R I & Pacific 100 130VJ 139U 139U
Chicago Term & Trans. ..... 20
Chicago Trm & Trs pfd. "i 400 38% 37% 37«
C C C & St Louis 600 94H 94 9S§
Colorado Southern \u25a0 1,200 13^4 13 13
Colorado So 1st pfd..... .... ..,-. 53
Colorado So 3d pfd.. 500' 28'/j 23 23
Delaware & Hudson.... 800 183 163 101U
Delaware Lack & West \u25a0 219
Denver A Rio Grande... .... -...-. • 43
Denver & R G pfd ....;\u25a0 •,... ...V to
Erie , ,..11,700 40% S9H «9%
NEW TORK STOCK" LIST.
NEW" YORK, Oct. 5.— The holiday in London
to-day accentuated the dullness, here and
tended to relax the selling pressure, as London
has been a constant seller In this market of
late. The fact that there is no loan market
at the Stock Exchange on Saturday also
tended to relax the pressure upon the market.
Perception is growing of the fact that the
question of the effect of the Interior demand
for money on the stock market has passed the
stage of argument and has resolved itself into
a question of how much further stock market
liquidation may have to extend. While there
has bean no stringency of money during the
week, this has been due to the fact that in
reducing tbeir outstanding loans bankers have
been discriminating against Industrial collat
eral rather than marking up the ruling rates
for call loans. Owing to the continued firm
ness of sterling exchange. In spite of a larger
supply of cotton bills this week, relief by gold
Imports does not appear imminent. Demand
continues Irom bankers short of exchange, and
exprrts in that market declare that a large
short Interest remains . to be covered during
November. It is said that some fresh
sterling loans have been negotiated this week.
The loan lncreaS3-in the bank statement re
vealed that other forces are still at work in
the credit market, which offset the stock
market liquidation. This and the renewed
pressure against Amalgamated Copper de
pressed the whole market.
There has been some irregularity In the stock
market from time to time during the week,
and dealings have bacn on a small scale. The
course of prices in the main had been down
ward and the weakness increased during 1 the
latter part of the week. -The support of the
market' at the weak spots, which was a fea
ture during the crisis following the assassina
tion of - President McKInley and which was at
tributetl to the joint efforts of the great bank
ing and financial powers of the country, has
been ccnsplculusly lackinjr. The liquidation
has not been heavy nor apparently urgent, but
very light demand was forthcoming at the
declines, and there seemed to be a general
fiirreemtnt of sentiment In the street that a
reactionary movement was due and need not ba
contested.
Money market conditions have continued
favorable, but the termination of the interior
demand for currency is awaited to Insure
further conditions.
' Railroad bonds have been dull and Irregular.
United States 3s declined %, the 5s % and
the new 4s 1 »er cent. The' refunding 2s ad
vanced % per cent over the closing call of last
week. -. .
To-day was a holiday on the London Stock
Exchange. Bar silver dull, at 36%d per ounce.
Money, 2@2V4 per cent.
Nczv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during- the past week
were $2S,675,P24, against $24,323,191 during the
same week last year. ' »
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this port during the
first nlrie months of the year were $3,623,300,
against $18,245,900 for the same time last year,
the leading descjriptlors being as follows: Gold
bullion. ?221,835; silver bullion, $3,051,320; Mexi
can dollars, $2,176,105; silver coin, $175,011; gold
coin, fl.327,272; currency and bonds, $55^,967.
The leading destinations were as follows:
Chir.a, $6,219,637; New York, 12,165,438; Mexico,
$iyo.oeo. ' \u25a0
Fruit and Salmon in England.
Th« London Grocers' Gazette of September
21 says: "The market for salmon continues
quiet; Alaska is easier to the extent of perhaps
Sd per case. . Fraser River is steady at late
quotations, but there is a continued absence
of market business. On the other hand, from
all reports, the consumptive demand in the
country is tood and the low prices have ap
parently considerably Increased the public.in
quiry. There Is more demand for apricots,
pears and peaches,- and there are indications
of the country buying these goods, probably
in anticipation of a big advance in the spring.
Pineapples sre quiet."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail reports from New Tork say: - :
"Interest at the close of the week centered
in the situation on new California raisins,
which was so unsettled and confused that
many in the trade were unable to fln;l out
where they stood. At the low prices of 3%c,
4Vic and 4%c for loose muscatels and Hie for
Ecedless f. o. b. coast, local buyers took hold
very liberally, but a large number of the or
ders for new goeds had not been confirmed by
the California packers up to a late hour Sat
urday and there was a good deal of bitter
criticism of what was regarded by some as a
lack of good faith by the Raisin Association
and the packers.
"Nevertheless a very fair business was put
through in loose raisins. Orders for -.seedless
were generally turned down or ignored. So
far as we \u25a0were able to learn 'only one packer
had confirmed any up to noon and that only
a very small quantity. Offers for several cars
of new seeded at 5%c f. o. b. coast were made
Friday by a large wholesale house but had not
been confirmed at this writing. There were all
sorts of rumors and guesses in circulation at
the clCEe of the market here. The general feel
ing was that the low-price tactics would force
the growers into line and that prices would be
decidedly higher this week. There were, how
ever, reports from the coast that prices would
go still lower. Generally speaking, to say that
.the trade was mixed and suspicious is to put
it mildly.
"Currants were slightly firmer on the spot,
with some demand in a small way. Prices for
goods to arrive per Manln were steady and un
changed at 6@6^4c for Amalias. - Cables report
ed the Greek market higher.
'"A car of new Santa Clara prunes met with
quite good sale at 7%c in sacks and SUc In
25- lb boxes.
"Trade in new unpeeled peaches showed
pome Improvement 'during the week, goods
selling from 7<310 1 ,£c for boxes and 6\<iij9\ic for
bags."
Nezv York Money Market. .
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews says:
"The money market has undergone- some
change for the better. Considerable relief has
been afforded by Secretary Gage's efforts to
neutralize Treasury absorptions, and this re
moves the most important source of apprehen
sion. The. crop demands, however, are not yet
satisfied, business requirements are large, and
as bank reserves are likely to- experience fur
ther depletion before the return movement of
currency begins, money will probably not be
easy, enough or plentilul enough for any bull
campaign. Relief from gold imports is still
a very uncertain quantity. If absolutely nec
essary we will unquestionably be able to draw
gold from Europe, but it will come reluctantly.
As intimated In our previous advices, Pnris.
though abundantly able to spare considerable
gold, would resist Its movement this way. .The
financial tension in Germany 13 considerable
because of trade reaction; London Is cautious,
and the probable placing of Russian and other
Government loans is not likely to aid the
movement of gold In this direction,
standing our continued favorable trade bal
ances. Very soon wa ought to have a better
supply of grain and cotton bills, and it re
mains to be seen what effect these will have
on the sterling exchange market. In my opin
ion gold imports, this fall will be strictly
moderate.
"The outlook for the market, therefore, re
mains unsettled. Railroad shares are In rela
tively good condition, recent declines., good
earnings and concentration of ownership plac
ing them in a fairly, favorable position to re
sist attacks from bear raids, but no genuine
bull campaign can be expected until easier
money is assured and until the big men co
operate to that end, v.-hich Just at present
they are apparently not disposed to do. The
movements of the lndustrlnls will also play
an important part In the r.iarket-for next sev
eral months at least, and I fear to the detri
ment of the general market."
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER «.
Flour, qr Fks 3.3.V, TTcpa. bale* til
Wheat, ctls MatTlazseedi ska ' 3SS
Barley, .ctls ....\u25a0; 8.6RSI Wool, ski 4TI
Oats, Ctla 4.200! Wine. ?s!.i \u25a0 "0.S.1O
Beans, ctls 7,2l2| Brandy, jrals t.ttli
Oniono. sks 775,K.usrar. ctls 8.<V>
Potatoes, sks ... 3,S7o : Tallow, rtla 439
Corn ctls «i>:Felt3. brtis VJ
Middlings, sks .. £»JHId«9. Xo 822
Bran, sks t4#»; Quicksilver. f!sk3 J4
Hay. tons 4S1' Leather, rolls ....' S3
WASHIXGTON*.
Flour, qr eks 4.336
OREGON
Oats, ctla 2.750-
Condition of the. Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $171,795,003; gold.. $102,674,031.
Associated Banks'- Statement.
NEW YORK. Get, 6.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week endins, to-day
Loan's $573,778,200; Increase. $5,94S.GOO. '
Deposits $943,553,100; increase, $7.10O.S00. ?
Circulation, J30.«1S,100: decrease, $54,400.
Logal tenders, $71,008,700; decretive. $3i6,00O.
. Specie, $1&O,354,6CO; increase, $1,218,200. :
Reserves $251. 443,300; increase, $1,002,200.
Reserves' required. ?225,Sfc2.275; Increase, $1.
775 2CI> ' \u25a0
Surplus' $15,560,035; decrease, $733,000.
The Financier says: It Is noteworthy that the
shipments of money : to the intcricr last week
were unusually heavy, amounting, . Including
transfers through the Sub-Treasury, to $3,767,
300 and the direct movement of money was
quite largely to the Eost, while considerable
amounts were sent to St. Louis and to. other
Southwestern points; the return movement was
principally from Philadelphia and other neigh
boring cities. It is also worthy of.note that
the fiscal operations of the Sub-Treasury con
tinue to absorb considerable sums of money
from the banks, as is shown, by the fact 'that
last week the excess of receipts over payments
by that office was $3,430,200. Inasmuch as
Treasury disbursements tot bonds. Mill here
after be comparatively small, the buying of the
4 per cents of 1925, having, been suspended by
order, of the Secretary of the' Treasury, the
fiscal operation' of the department, should re
ceipts continue in excess of payments, will
be likely to have an Important influence upon
the cash reserves of the banks. There will
probably be considerable amounts of Yukon
gold transferred to this center from Pacific
Coast- points during the current week -through
assay office checks, which will somewhat offset
bank losses to the Sub-Treasnury and the In
terior. . •. . - . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0• . . \u25a0
RICE— China. No. 2. $1 15(f?4 20: No 1. »4 "1®
4 90; extra. $5 lDig5 50; Japanese $.""• 2.V,*S; Louis
iana, ?4 23!fft> 7Z; Hawaiian, nominal, k
OILS— California Cast..r t.j.'. in cases. No.
1. 7Cc; pure, $1 20; Unseed Oil, in bar
rel*, boiled, 74c; raw, 72c: cases. 5c more:
Lucol, 64c for boiled and Sic for raw
in barrels; Laid Oil. f-s^ra winter :\u25a0 trained, bar
rels, S3e; cas<»s, 30c; China Nut. J.'^T^c per eral
lon; pure Neatsfoot iii barrels. 70c; ca3ta. l*ci
bptrm. pure. 65c: Whale Oil. iwuur.il white. 45
«i45c per gallon: Fish Oir, in barrels. STJUc;
cases. 42%c; Cocoanut Oil. tbl». 63'ic for Coy
ion and oS^ic for 'Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
lSHc; Pearl Oil. m cases. 15'ie: Astral. !5>»c:
Star. IDVic; Extra Star. 2HV-O: ntainp. 24'/jc:
Eocene. 2H4c: deodorize.! str;ve «a?o!lne. In
bulk. 15c; In case?. 2ic; Benzine, in bulk, lie;
in cases, 20c; 86-dcgree Gaselln*. in bulk. 20c;
in cases. 26c
TURPENTINE— 5So ppr trallon in cases' and
52c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Suprar ReSnlng Com
pany quotes, per lb. in ICO-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10c; Pow
dpred. 4.35c: Candy Granulated. 4.3'c: Dry
Granulated. 4.*oe; Confectioners' A. 4.y.c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.S5<-: Beet Granulated. 4.75f. Maz
nolia A.» 4.45c; Extra C. 4.35c; Golden C. 4.2^*;
bnrrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes.
5<1c more; M-lb baes. 10c more. No orders taic^n
for leaf than 73 barrels or Us equivalent. DomU
nos. half-barrels, 5.33c; boxes. 3.*»c p-r lb.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. T\L&
<%c; local make. V»c less than Calcutta*; Wool
Bags, 32S33c: Fleece Twine-. iV-JtfSc; Fruit
Uaga. 5Tiij'6%c for cotton and TQT-.ic for jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, yj; Seattle. $7; Bryant. J6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Wallsend. $9: Co-operative V/allsend.
$0; Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk an<I
$17 in sacks; Rooky Mountain descriptions. $8 4i
per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to
brand.
General Merchandise.
All the local packers are out of the mar
ket for Hojrs. owing to th« free supply here.
Quotations 'aro easy, but no lower. The other
Meat3 are as before.
Wholesale rates irom slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— «@8>ic for Steers and SJfS'ic per lb
for Cows. i
VEAL— Larg». 7H<SS^e: small. S*?0c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6Vj'3'7c; Ewes. e&tfVic per
pound.
LAMB— 7f 8c per lb.
PORK— Live hog3, 230 lbs and under, 6c: over
230 lbs, S^Sovic: feeders, ; sows. JO per
cent off: boars. 30 per cent off, ar.d stag?. 40
p«r cent, off from the above quotations; dresaed
Hog*. 7*3(§9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
'y " LIVERPOOL.
"''Wheat— \u25a0' . ' Dec. March.
Opening 5 6>4 5 7?i
Closing 5 6^ 5 7'i
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 20 P5 21 go
Closing 2100 2180
Flour— , •
Opening ,'... '.. 26 95 27 33
Closing .,,.26 05 2S 00
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. \u25a0
CHICAGO. Oct. 0.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9C0.
Steady. Good to prime steers, $6 15©6 60; poor
"to medium. $3 60Jj5 90; stpekers and feeders.
$2 2f.@4; cows and heifers, ft 25(^4 75; canners.
$1 25i?f2 25; bulls, $175(54 15; ealves. $2 50®6 25;
Texas steers, $2 80@3 SO; Western steers, $3 65@
5 25. \u25a0 • . - .
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 14.C00; Monday, 30,
0CO. Steady to weak. Mixed and hutchers,
6 35(56 70: good to choice heavy, $6 60^6 S5:
rough heavy. $8 '20Q6 T.0; light. $3 50® 6 65; bulk
of sales. $6 40<f(8 60. \u25a0
SHEF.P— Receipts. 2300. Steady. Good to
choice wethers. $3 35^3 75; fair to choice mixed,
SS?3 35; Western sheep, ?2 5CHfT3 60: native
lambs. $2 50@4 72: Western lambs, $3 25® 4 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Oct. j.— CATTLE— Receipts.
117. Market <iulet ami steady. Texans un
changed. Natives, $3*96 25; Tesans and West
erns, $2 tlQo SO; rows and heiferj. $1 50#5 10;
bulls and stags, $:{J4 So; stocker3 and feeders,
$1 CCfi4 15.
HOGS— Receipts, 4SC0. Market opened steady
to Ftronjj. closed weak to 5c lower. Pigs,
steady. Light and Hsrht mixed, $6 50Q6 SO; me
dium and heavy, $6 iiO@6 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
New York Metal Market.
NEW Y.ORK. Oct. 5.—^The market for metals
was slow and uninteresting to-day in the ab
sence of cable advices and values were nom
inally unchanged. . . > <
TIN— Weak in tone at ?24@24 25. '
LHAD— Dull. $4 371,4.
SPELTER- Dull, $4 15@4 20.
COPPER— Lake. 16V4@17c, and casting, 16%c.
IRON— Dull; piglron warrants,- $9 6C@10 .^0;
No. 1 Northern foundry, $15@15" 50; No. 2 South
ern foundry, $14fi)14 CO; No. 1 Southern foundry,
SI 4 7.VfJ15 25; No. 1 Southern foundry, soft, $14 75
@15 25.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON.'. Oct. 5.— The offerings at the wool
1 auction ?a!es numbered 13,500 bales. Fine
• grades were firmr but mediums were irregular.
I Withdrawals innrensed. Up to . . date 233.000
bales have. been offered, of 'which iO.ICO have
been withdrawn.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— COTTON— Futures
closed unchanged. \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0
.\u25a0Exports and I jn ports.' \u25a0
NEW YORK. Oct. 5.— The imports of. dry
goods and' merchandise at the port of New
Tork for this week are valued at $3,504, 1G1.
The lmportsof specie, this week were $1,040,721
gold" and J64.2J3 silver. :
Exports of specie from this port to all coun
tries'for'this week aggregated $855,635 silver and
$2100 gold. . .;. ..•_;. ;, ...
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 5.-SUver,.26?id; French
rentes, lOlf ' 2Vic. Wheat cargoes on passage,
quiet and ' steady; English country markets
quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Oct." 5.— Wheat, quiet* No 1
Standard California, 5s 9Hd@5s lOd; wheat in
Paris., quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
overcast. • :••.'. • :
COTTON-r-Uplands, 4 23-32d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 5.— Clearings. $24,343;
balances,! $47,509.' -\u25a0 \u25a0 • .. • ,
Northern \ Wheat Market.
' OREGON. ,:
PORTLAND, Oct. 5.— WHEAT— Walla Walla
52%c; valley, B3Hc; blue stem. 64c. - "
Cleared— German ship Mabel ' Rickmers for
Queanstown • with . 11«,167 bushels wheat."
" . . ..WASHINGTON. • :- . \u25a0 r
TACOMA,' Oct. 5— WHEAT— Lower and
autet; blue stem, £2c; club, 51V4c ' . -j
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l'/ic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; lUht; Sc; Cow Hides.
9'£c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7e; Salted.
Kip 9Vic; Salted Veal. 30c; Salted Calf. 10Q»
10V-c; Dry Hides. lSQtttfc; Culls. Me; Dry Kip,
16c"; DO' Caif. ISc; Cuils an.l Brands, lie;
Sheepskins, bhearlings, litiSOc each; srhort Wool,
3G&iofcc earn; mp-ihim. ln'alZc; long Wool. SOc®
il each; Horse Hid*>s. salt. i2 5OQ3 75 for large
and $2*}2 25 for medium, ?1 75 for small and iuo
4t$l tor Colts. Horse Hides, d-y. $1 75 for laige.
!*1 25f;l 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and iOo
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skin3, 35c;
fall or medium skins, Soc; wintt-r or thin skins,
;Cc. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 7Cc; large and
smooth. i>0c: metlium. 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6Uc; No. 1 rendered, i%,
f;i,c per lb; No. 2. 3Vi*>4c; grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1300 or 1£"1— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@So; Oregon Valley fine, 143}
15c; do,* medium and coarse, 113!3c; Oreson,
Eastern, choice. 11Sj'13c; do, fair to good, 9^J
lie; Nevada. lB'S'ne.
Fall— San Jcaquin. 6'aSSHc; San Joaqula
Lambs'. 7^,S9c: Middle County. 1910c; North
ern Mountain, free. ?'t»llc; do. defective, 8JfDc;
Humboldt nnd Mendocino. UOBC per lb.
HOPS— 9@lCc for fair and ll^lle per lb tor
Eood to choice.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Foreign Futures.
The situation remains a3 before. This mar
ket is firm, but Chicago is dull and Inclined to>
heaviness, and prices there do not seem to re
cover previous losses.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12"^c per lb for
heavy, !2V>®13c for light medium. 14c for lisjht.
15c for extra light and ISc for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14(@14^c; California
Hams, 13^c: Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extr*
Mess, $12; Family. $12 50; prime Mesa PoTk.
$15; extra clear. $23; Mess. $13; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7>4@Sc per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrela, pure,
i:Vic; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins, lZftc; 3-lb Una,
13c.
COTTOLENE— One half- barrel. IO'ic; thre*
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9"»c; two tierces,
i\c; five tierces, • 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
It Is reported that several days ago a bid
was received at San Jose from the East for
fifty cars or 730 tons of Prunes. The report
has not yet been confirmed.
The demand for fruits, while not sharp, 13
steady, and when the second buying starts up.
as it Is expected to do shortly, a firm mar
ket is expected, as stocks of all kinds are more
or les light. It la said that buyers are out in
the country buying up all the cheap fruit they
can find. In expectation of this demand.
Raisins continue all at sea, owing to the
confusion among the different interests. >Tut3
are firm. Honey is steady, but quiet.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7^SS'ic for Royals, and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6fS7c: sun-dri?d. 3^4@4Vfec;
Peaches. o^jii8c; Pears. 53j9c; Plums, pitted.
4<s?5 1 /2C; unpitted. lf£2c; Nectarines. 5@6c for red
and SV^ev-c for white; Figs, 3USSHc for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's 5»^35%c; 40-50's. 5#3'ic; 5O-t>0e, 4',4@4%c:
MVWs 4<ft4'<Jc; 70-S0"s. KkQS%O-. 80-90's, SSS&c;
S0-100's. 2M.(32aie rer lb. .
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters—
Imijcrial, $3; Dehesa, ?2 50; fancy, $t 73. Lon
don layers— Three-crown. $1 35; Two-crown.
$1 25 Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown. 4*ic: Three-crown, l%c: Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels. 4T4c; Seedless
Eultanas. sMo; Thompson Seedless, 6Xi 0 .
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, SV>c; choice. • 7',-ie;
standard. 6',ic; prime. aH-c Bleached Thomp
sons—Fxtra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard. 7MsCl prime. 6Vic.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 9^c; No. 2.
»Vic; No. 1 hardshell, 5c; No. 2. 7c; Almondj,
13fil4c for papershe!!, 10@llc for softshell and
5!g6c for hardshell: Peanuts, »<a7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts. 12'S12M : c; Filberts, Pe
cans ll(S13c: Cocoanuts. $3 SOtfJS.
HONEY— Comb. nfJ^Uc for bright and 10©
ll^c for light nmber; water white extracted, aVi
@6c; light amber extracted. 4&<SSc; dark, iQ
4'iC.
'BEESWAX— 23@-2Sc per lb. »
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins. •
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@$3 50; Lem
ons, $1@1 25 for common and $2@2 50 for good ta
choice; Grape Fruit. $1@2 5»: Mexican Limes,
freeh. $6(56 50; repacked. «4 50@5; Bananas, 65o
gjl 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozea.
cat. 25@60c; Black. 25@60c; Isabella. 3S@"5cs
Cornlchon, 60@65c: White Grapes, $23^32 per toa
for Zlnfandel and $23-324 for White.
Exchange and Bullion.
The Peru took out a treaanre list of $134,400.
consisting of $98,400 In Mexican dollars and
$56,000 in silver bullion. • \u25a0 _\u25a0\u2666 \u25a0•..-
Sterllus Exchange, 60 aays — $4 81
Sterling Exchange, sight......... — 4 88
Sterlir.K Cables 1 — 4 87M,
New. York Exchange, sight — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7^4
Silver, per ounce VJ — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 4Tfe
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets stood about
the same. Chicago was several fractions firmer
on cables and smaller receipts. There were
more sellers than buyers at the advance. There
was no stimulating news, but everybody was
short, and prices were ' gradually hardening.
This market was unchanged on the spot, but
a shade firmer on call. • •
. Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95®96%c; milling, 98%c
@N 02& per ctl. -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
26,000 ctls. 98%c. May— 2000. $1 02%.
Second Session — December— 8000 ctls, 98%c
May— 6000. $1 02%; 2000, $1 02%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
98%c May— 2000. $102%. "' \u25a0
BARLEY— The situation shows no change
whatever, the market being dull.
Feed, 72%@73%c for choice bright. 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@52Uc; Chevalier, S5cg
?1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No Bales.
•Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Conditions remain as before, the mar
ket being dull with free offerings of all kinds.
Grays. $1 10S1 20: \u25a0whites. $1 10@l 30; blact.
tlffl 15, and red. $1 O5@l 20 per ctl.
CORN — Chicago was unchanged. A dispatch
to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. said that the
Government report, soon to be issued, would
probably show an improvement in the crop,
owing to the late rains. Snow has already ad
vanced his condition 10 points, as previously
mentioned.
There is no change in this market.
, Eastern Is quoted to arrive in bulk at $1 62>,i
for White. $1 52% for Yellow and $1 57%@1 60
for mixed. - * . .
RYE— 75®77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal; none In first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
: FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50(§2 75 • per, barrel for family and
$2 75(55 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 2J;
extra' cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $3; Hominy, $1
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4©4 25; Cracked
Wheat. *3 50; Farina, $1 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 S3fiS 35;
in sacks. $6 50@8: Pearl Barley, |5; Split Peas,
J5, Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuifs.
A schooner of 3S3 tons has been chartered
for Hay for Honolulu, where feedstuffs of all
kinds are scarce and high, owing to the San
Francisco strike. "ow that the strike has
been settled there Is p. stream of Hay and
Feedstuffs flowing from here there to supply
the deficiency. The Hay market is still quoted*
firm. ' • \u25a0
BRAN— $20 50^21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22®23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ten; Oiicake Meal at the mill. $26; lobbin?.
J2S C0@27; Cocoanut Cake. $16 £0©17 50; Corn
Meal. $34®34 50; Cracked Corn. $34 50@35; Mixed
Feed. $18@19c. I . \u25a0 =
HAY— Wheat. $7 50(310: Choice. $10 50311;
Wheat and Oat, $7 ."0010 50; Oat. $7 50@9; Bar
ley and Oat, $6 50^8 50; Alfalfa. $S@l0 £0: Clo
ver. $5 50@7; Volunteer, $5&7; Stock. $3*f<3 per
ton.
STRAW— 25@42V£c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull, with a downward ten
dency in quotations. Receipts were 7212 sks.
BEANS— Eayos, *2 4Cig2 50; Small White, $4;
Large White. $2 X.W1I 75; Pea, $4 50@4 75; Pink.
$2 4U<J$2 45; Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye. J3 25<33 40;
Limas. nominal; Red Kidney, *3 SO®* per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3#3 f>0; Yellow
Mustard, $3 35@3 50; Flax, \1 ttQZ 25; Canary,
3'.i@3i-ic for Eastern; .Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
1%&2%c; Hemp. 3V£c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles,-41 75@1 90; Green. $1 75
ig2 per ctL' -. u 1
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Vegetables remain about the same. Supplies
of Tomatoes are too large and the market is
.weak and dull all around. Beans are also very
plentiful and slow. There is no lack of the
other kinds. Corn Is neglected and lower.
Potatoea and Onions are in fair receipt and
steady at unchanged prices. Sweet Potatoes
are irf better supply and weak. A car arrived
from Merced and will bs put An the market to
morrow.
POTATOES— 6O0-9UC In sacks for Burhanka
frcm the river; Salinas Burbanks. $1 ZO-321 40;
River Reds, $1 60; Hweets, 40@5Cc for Rivers
and S5c<!?Sl for Merced.
ONIONS— $1'@1 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 609
75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Grcn Teas. 3c for Garden;
String Beans. l@3c; Limas. 75c(3tl per sack;
Cabbage, 60fe75c per ctl; Tomatoes from the
river. 25c; from Alameda, 25@35c; Dried Pep
pers, Kkgll l 4c; Green Okra, 35®60c per box;
Carrots, 25@S5c per sack; Cucumbers, 25<g.35c:
Pickles, t\H$2c per lb for small and l(!?Hic for
large; Garlic, 2@3c: Green Peppers. SOffiaOc per
box for Chile and 30® 40c for BpII: Egg Plant,
30@5Cc per box; Green Corn, 35<550c per sack;
Alameda. 5<:<g75c per crate; Berkeley, 50(fi65c;
Summer Squash, large boxes. 3:i*i'50c; new Mar.
row fat Squash. S^'l'IU per ton; Hubbard Squash.
110.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern Poultry came in, making
five for the week. "There was still more or less
Eastern and local fowl left on hand at the
clcse.
Arrivals of Game were about 65 sks, but the
market was higher, as usual on Saturday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14&, 16c tor Gobblers
ard 14© 16c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $l 50®
1 75; Goslings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks. iStti 5o for old
and $3 50S4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young
Roosters. $1<S5; old Roosters, $3 5034; Fryers,
$3 50@4; Broilers. $3<ff3 50 for large and $2 25'<j '.
2 "5 tor small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 ytr dozen for
old and $1 7o@2 for Squabs.
GAME-rDovea per dozen. $1; Hare, $1 23;
Rabbits $1 50 for Cottontail and $1 25 for
Biush; Mallard, $SJf9; Sprig, $6@7; Teal, $3;
Widgeon, $3 50; Small Ducks, ?2 50; Gray
Geese, $4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dealers say that both Butter and Eggs are
too high and that the consumption has been
checked. The retailers are running on storage
and Eastern goods, which are much cheaper,
and are buying fresh goods only from hand
to mouth. Still, the demand is sufficient to
keep supplies from accumulating.
Receipts were 23.00a, pounds of Butter, — —
pounds Eastern Butter, ol? case3 of Eggs,
cases Eastern Eggs, 18,100 pounds of California
Cheese and 84S0 pounds Oieson Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27%©2Sc per lb for fancy
and 25(H26c for 6eccnds; dairy. lS1ff2to; store
Butter. l*S17Vic per. ib; Creamery Tub, 22'>c;
Pickled Roll. ls*c?-i)c; Keg. lSI?19c per lb.
CHEESE— New. ll@12c; old. 10',4c; Young
America. 12^c per lb; Eastern. 13fJ15c.
EGGS — Ranch. 25@3iic for selected lar«P. 32S
34c for good to choice and 27H@30c for fair;
store, 22@25c per dosen; cold storage. 21(&25c;
Eastern, 17^@23c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
The market Is full of table Grapes, and as
most of them show the effects of the recent
rains, the demand is slow. Wins Grapes rule
firm at the high prices.
. Peaches are in good supply and dull, and
there Is no lack of Pears, Apples and Quince3.
Cranberries have again advanced, and sell be
fore they get here.
Berries were late again. . Fics continue to ar
rive \u25a0 freely, and many of them are wet and
soft. ' i. .
Watermelons are plentiful and slow of sale,
but Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are in diminish
ing supply and firm.
There is nothing hew In Oranges, Lemons
and Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
, APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25«r«5c for ordinary. » . . - . - .\u25a0
PLUMS— 25@75c per box; Prunes,' 50@00c per
crate.
PEACHES— 206 30c per box; Peaches in car
riers, 25@40c; Mountain Peaches, 40#60c per
box. '
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c per box.
PEARS— Winter Pears. SOcigJl per box.
QUINCFS— 4O«i6Op per box.
PERSIMMONS— $101 25 per box and crate
STKAW MERRIES— J5 per chest tor Long
worths and *3®4 for large berries.
BLArKBERPIF^-J3fF4 per ct>esrt.
LOGAN BERRIES— J5(g6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— ?5@8 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— <WT8c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $9®9 50 per . bar
rel : Coos Bay., J2 50«r3 per box.
FIGS— Black, 35@6Oc for double layer boxes-
White. 2S@40c. . '
3 MELONS— Nutmegs. 25<gi63c per box; Canta
loupe». 75c@$l per crate; Watermelons, $3@15
per 100.
\u25a0 GRAPES—^Large open boxes bring about SO
per cent more than • email boxes and crates,
which are quoted . an follows: Sweetwater.
2£@4Oc per box and crate; Tokay. 23$6oc; ilua-
Erie 1st pfd... .....' 1,500 6S»4- 6S 6SVJ
Erie 2d pld.......;........ 300 53% - 53% 53%
Great Northern pfd 184
Hocking Valley ...*. . \u25a0 .".:.\u25a0: 61?i
Hocking Valley pfd 100 74 74. , 73
Illinois Central 300 143% 143 143
Iowa Central 200 3S»i 3S^4 38
Iowa Central pfd........ * ' .-.74
Lake Erie & Western.. 400 63Y 3 62>4 63
Lake Erie & West prd.. ..... 125
Louisville & Nashville.. ,1,500 102Vi 101 H 101%
Manhattan L 6,500 120.% 118% 11S^
Metropolitan Street Ry.. 1,100 .161% 1C0V4 160V*
Mexican Central 22%
Mexican National 300 13& 13- 13
Minneapolis & St Louis. 100. 104 104 104
Missouri Pacific ' 3,700 95V1 93V4 i>3%
Missouri Kansas & Tex. 1,400 \u25a0 25% 25Vi 25^
Missouri Kns & Tex pfd ' 100 • 52 \u25a0 52 51%
New Jersey Central ICO
New York Central 3,cOO 155% 154% 154%
Norfolk & Western 2,500 64 Va 53% 53%
Norfolk & Western pfd. 100 .90 90 89
Northern Pacific pfd.... 2,400 95% 95% 95%
Ontario & Western 900 33 32% 32Vi
Pennsylvania 6,400 142% 142% 143^
Reading 3,400 39% 39 33%
Reading :1st. pfd . 900 75 . 74V4 '. 74%
Reading 2d pfd * S00 50% \u25a0 49% 49%
St Louis & San Fran:.. 1,300 43»i 42 . 41%
St Louis & SF 1st pfd.. ..... „.... ....'77
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.." 500 6fi% 65^4 65
St Louis Southwestern.. 100 .28 _ 2S . 2S
St Louis Southwstrn ptd 100 COVi 6fHi 59Vfc
St Paul 10,700 160J4 15S% 139
St Paul pfd .... 1S7
Southern Pacific ,5,000 . 56V* E5U 55V4
Southern Railway 6,200 32% 31% '31%
Southern Railway pfd... 500 85 85. -85
Texas & Pacific 1.100 40 39% . . 3!>V4
Toledo St Louis & West. 400 . 2<H4 20. .20
Toledo St L & West pfd 100 34 34 3t
Union Pacifio 8,400 96% 9514 \u25a0' 95%
Union Pacific pfd. 100 88 88.. 87H
Wabash 1.400 21Vi ' 20Vi . 20%
Wabash pfd 2,200 38% 37%. • 37%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 17
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd .... 28
Wisconsin Central 300 21 • 20% 20^
Wisconsin Centra! pfd. 100' 40% '. 40% , 40%
Express Comi>anie s— . ' '
Adams „.>.... ..... ISO
American '. - . .'• 185.
United States .., i .... - 90
Wells Fargo ' ..; 160
Miscellaneous— i- -...\u25a0• . \u25a0
Amalgamated Copper... 49,500 88% 84% 84%
Am Car & Foundry 2,200 • 25% 24% 24%
Am Car & Foundry pfd 100 \ 80 .SO 79%
American Linseed Oil., .... .... * "15
Am Linseed Oil pfd ..45
Am SmeltliiK & Refln'g 5,200 «4H4 ". 39%: ;39^
Am Smelt & Refln'g pfd > 100 ' 95H 05Vi v 95^
Anaconda. Mining Coi.. -.1.800 36% 33 35
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 9,000 6IV2 60 6O'&
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 800 82 90^ 90
Consolidated Oas .2,500 214% 212% 212^
Continental Tobacco pfd 115
General Electric 800 ' 250Vi 249-: 249
Glucose Sugar .....' 1.300 46% 45% 46
Hocking Coal .... 15
International Paper 600 21% 2\V 2 2i%
International Paper pfd .100 757* 73T4 "5%
International Power ..: 700 83% 8SV* "SSH
Laclede Gas .... 90
National Biscuit \u25a0 42
National Lead 800 19;& 19% 19%
National Salt . 300 35 34% 34^
Xatlonal Salt pfd 71
North American ....•• : J — 32
Pacific Coast ;.... \u25a0 62
Pacific Mail 200 4G% 40>fc 40
People's Gas :. 7,000 104 1021,4 102H
Pressed Steel. Car 600 3S% ES 37%
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 100 76',A' 76& 76 .
Pullman Palace Car ... \u25a0 .... - .... .... 213
Republic Steel •\u25a0 900 -14% 14% »%
Republic Steel pfd . \u25a0' 500 - • 65>,fc *. Go% C5U
Sugar --..; ;.. 1S.200 117H 115% 115%
Tennessee Cqal & Iron.. 2,900 60 5S% 5S
Union Bag & Paper Co U'a
Union Bag & P Co pfd 200 70% 70 69>,fe
United States. Leather..- 3.100 . 12% 11% 11%,
U S Leather pfd.....'... . 800 80 a 79% . 79
United States Rubber... 300 14% 14 IZV~
US Rubber, pfd......... ' 100 ' £0 . 50 48%
United States Steel .... 14,700 43% 42V 2 42%
United States Steel pfd 5,200 .93% 92% 92%
Western Union 3,400 . 90% 90% »0<4
Total sales......... '...246,500/ '
CLOSING BQNDS. - - -.. .
U S refunding 2s, Hpckirig Val-4Vis..lO6%
' reg ...:.1C9 L & Nash uni-'4s;',101%
do coup ....1C9 Mex Cent 4s 84
do 3s reg 107% do 1st inc .'. 30>*
"jo coup li'S- Minn &.St L 4s. ..103
do new 4s reg....ns»i M K & T 4s 9s
do coup 13S% do :clF SO'.A
do old 4s reg 112 N V Cent lsts 1055a
do coup il2>a do ten 3',4s.'. 103
do 5s reg ...107><, N J Cent, gen 5s,.,IW
do coup 1C7 ! ,4 Xortn 1'ac 4s....;.l'/4
Atchison gen 4s,. .102% \u25a0!\u25a0:-. os... ,..'7rji
$0 adj <» ....... -La7V;i.}Ci;.f & ; AV\eon 4&.JA1 .
Bait &: Ohio .Is.";. l')i :: i| lltaulng gen 4s..-..Jj"s
\u25a0 do-3V»s ...;.. 94% ft X, i,I,M con 6a.ur. ! v j
- do conv 4s ; J04%:St-L & S F.4s:.v. <Jo
Canada South 2ds.lO7iJ. St L S W lsts ; .. 4 . 97'i |
Cent of Ga 5s flOG'A — <Jo 2ds" 76'.4
do 1st inc .- 7f.'.i S A & Ar Pass is.'SH :
Chee & Ohio lViS..10C"-; South Pac 4s 91VS
Chi & Alton :)iv'5-. ; S4H South Ry 5a 117
C B & Q now 4?.:. 'A~M Tex & Pac ]sts....U9>4
C M iStPj 4s..31C'/a Tol St L & AV 4s.. SI
C & N W con 13,1140 Union Pac 4s". .....104%
C U I &»Pac 4s....lOC',i Jo conv 4s . '.;::.. 10514
C C C & St L g is. 104 Wabash lsts 119^j
Chi Term 4s .. K do 2<ls 110
Colo & South 4s £8 ' do deb B CO
Den & R G 4s 101-i West Shorer 4s ..".113
Erie prior Hen 4s .. 97% Wheel &"L E 4s... !>0
do gen 4s S7 Wis Cent 4s ' »i'4
Ft W & D C lsts.-. 103 Con Tobacco 4s.. |. 62Vs
BOSTON STOCKS AND DONDS.
' Money— Un-" in Pacific ..... 94%
Call loans 4«?5 \V°st Untl i*3
Time loans lVz^O W>«t!iiRJi Elec .... 70>i
Stocks— . Fi.:.ah—
Atchison 75% Atcl.ls-on 4s 102
do prefd 95% N E G & Coke is.. 5'J
Am Suear 115'i Mining shares-
Am Telephone 156V4 Adventure 21».i
Boston & Albany. 257 B'liglmm Min Co.. 38
Bofaton Elevated... 170 Atlamic 2U%
Boston & Maine. ...192 Calumet & Hecla....ul5
Dem Coal t . 43% Centennial 19%
do prefd '..117M: Franklin 16
Fed Steel 4J% Humboldt 23
do i-refd 92% Osceola : U4%
Fitchburc prefd... .142% Parrot 39
Gen Electric 250 Qutncy 180
Mex Out ••... 22',t Tamarack 330
N E G & Coke; 5M: Utah Mlnlns 24%
Old Colony 200 Winona 2
Old Dominion 26'i Wolverines 58
Rubber 1»
NEW YORK MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con ........ 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 50 Ontario 11 00
Dreeee 1 40;Ophlr VU
Urunswlck Con -06 Phoenix \ 05
Comstock Tunnel. 06m Potosl flS
Con Cal & Va 1 «3 Savage »'l
Deadwood Terra .. rt Sierra Nevada V,
Horn Silver iPOj Standard J 25
Iron Silver W). Small Hopes 40
Leadvhle Con..... 07|
LOCAL MARKETS.
, THE SAN FRANCISCO^ GALL, .* STJN DATv^OCTOBER «, ; 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
31
AUCTION SALES
*» AUCTION SALE. fe>
To Close an Estate.
Fifteen fln» road - horses. Including several
with fast records; pneumatic and rubber tired
buffgies. phaetons, road carts, . two and fot;r
horse sand wagons, two and four horse Fresno
and slip scraoers, four seta heavy trucking
harness, six sets heavy chain harness, buggy
harness, saddles, collars, three dozen pairs
stretchers and lead bars, one blacksmith,' 3 out-
fit complete, stoves, crowbars, two dozen pick*
and shovels, rock hammers, jack screws and
small tools. Stock en exhibition Wednesday,
October 9, 1901.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 10. 1901.
at 11 a. m. ''
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE, I
721-723 Howard st. San Francisco.
"WILLIAM G. LATNG. Auctioneer.
JUST ARRIVED. £^
100 head German Army Horses, well broken,
suitable for all business purposes. JOHN H,
HALTON. at Fred H. Chase & Co.'s Sale3yard.
1733 Market st.
CLOSING OUT SAL«=1
Of 4 SURREYS. 13 SPRING WAGONS. 19
BUSINESS BUGGIES. 3 CARTS. 23 SETS
SINGLE and DOUBLE HARNESS. 13 GOOD
WORK and DRIVING HORSES, 9 STOCK
SADDLES, ROBES, WHIPS, etc.
IMP FOLSOM St.. TUESDAY. Oct. 8. 11 a. m.
Florist Co.
V - y ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST. w ««ELLiS VZS! 5055
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the runeral par-
lors of Theodore Dierks, 3i7 Mission street,
and thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
sen-ices will be held at 12:3) o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
LYONS— In this city, October 3, 1901. Margaret
M.. beloved daughter of the late Thomas and
Margaret Lyons, and loving sister of John,
Thomas and James Lyons and Mrs. T. Kelly,
a native of San Krancipco, aged 20 years.
ITSTFriends and acquaintances are rt-spect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
\u2666 Sunday), at 9 o'clock, frcm the parlors of
th-j United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church for serv-
ices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY- In this city. October 5. 19C1.
Mary, beloved wife of Frank Murphy and
dearly beloved mother of Katie Murphy and
sister of Peter. Kate, Patrick and the late
Edward Dunphy, a native of County W>x-
ford, Ireland, aged S3 years 10 months and 2
days.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated fcr the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SAB1STON— In this city. October 5, 190L Mary
Isabelle Sabiston, beloved daughter of Mary
- aadthe late John Sabiston. a native of Vic-
toria, B. C, aged U years 2 months and 23
days.
SPENCER— In the City and County Hospital.
October 5, 1901. Charles Spencer, a native of
California, aged 45 years.
SUMMERS— In Oakland, October 5, 1901, Mr*.
Mary Ann Summers, beloved mother of Dr.
R. A. Summers and Mrs. Robert E. Starr, a
native of Ohio, aged 69 years and 7 days.
SUNKEL— In Alameda, October 4, 3901, Mary
Sunkel. beloved wife of Frederick Sunkel and
mother of Joseph, .Frederick and Thomas
Sunkel and Mrs. W. Kochendorfer and Mrs.
B. C. Toye, a native of Ireland, aeed 61
years 4 months and 11 days.
C^Friends are invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
j residence, 220S Railroad avenue. Services at
t St. Joseph's Church. Alameda. 2:30 o'clock.
; Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
TEESE— In this city, October 4, 1301, Fred-
erick Teese, beloved brother of Mrs." Mary
E. Grant and Louis Teese. and devoted uncle
of Adelaide. Delia, William L. and George
David Grant, a native of Philadelphia, aged
71 years 3 months and 3 days.
(\u25a1^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from his late reel-
| dence, 27C9 Mission street, between Twenty-
! third and Twenty-fourth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
UDY— In Oakland. October 4. 1901, Mary Udy,
wife of Hender C. Udy, and grandmother of
Leland. Irwin and Milton Farbanks. a na-
tive of Maine, aged 82 years 2 months and 21
days. (Livermore papers please copy.)
i C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Free
Baptist Church. Twenty-first street, between
San Pablo avenue and Brush street, Oak-
land. Interment private.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! i We Are Going to 1
QIJIT!
j Our business will posi- |
[ i lively hz closed up in a Sew ft
' j months. In the meantime Eg
; \u25a0 here are a few of our offer- g
| CARPETS I
| | REDUCED. I
I I Roxbury from ...' V&
I | Jpl.OO to SOc H
i m Axminstcrs from S
\m 91.50 to $1,107 \u25a0
| 5 Body Brussels front.. fij
'I .; .#1.5O to $1.1O H
I | All-Wool Ingrains fa
j | S5c to 05c M
; 4 Bring in sizes of your rooms. |
IIagrerman&kohn I
; I 123 Geary Street. 1
t m
j One Bottle Always Cures
«. The Infallible Remedy;
a Perfect and Permanent Cure
| Fop $2.50
; No Ealicylated soda or potash; cannot .
j injure the most delicate stomach. .
• For circulars and testimonials call
or address,
! FINTTS MEDICINE CO.,
! 734 Valencia St.; tel. Church 1571.
; San Francisco, Cal.
<Xew Tork and Boston papers please copy.)
rjARGIE-JONES- In this city. October S. 1501,
by Rev. Georsre \V. Beatty, Stewart Alackie
lJargie and Saraa Belie Jones, both cf San
Francisco. I
McKlM-HORN— In this city, October 2, 1901, ]
by Uev. Paul Hracke. Harry W. McKim and j
Marie Horn, both of iSan Francisco. j
IiO^'Lnil'-GAKDKEK- In this city. September •
;j, 1S03, by Uev. V. 13. Cherington. Howard I
Cortlar.d Howley and M. Uelle Gardner. i
DIED.
Balleto, Nicolas Howard, Nellie A.
liurjrun, Anthony Henshaw, Edward T. ;
Burkhardt. Walter A. Hoey, Laurence J. j
Campbell, Susie W. Jaimison, John W. i
Clans. Dr. l^rank 11. L.yon», James I
Uuvies, Mrs. Mary Lyor.s. Margaret il.
Davis. Frank *S. ItUI^By. Mary '
[SdwutU, Kaward Sabibton, alary I. j
Ernst, George i-pencer, Chancs
Greenbers, Caroline bummers. Mrs. M. A. I
Glefwoii. John Sunkel, Mary |
Hartnett. Jeremiah Teese. Frederick . ',
Ha.wk.:xi£. Howard 21. Udy, Mary ;
BALLETO— In Hacienda. October 1, 1301, Nico-
las, dearly beloved husband of Felicitas bal-
leto, and father of Trini Balleto and Mrs. '
Lennie I-'lckett, a native of Gibraltar. Spain. '
aced CO yfars. v :
E^"Ki iends end acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. lS2t> Mason street. Interment New j
Italian Cemetery. Notice — Officers and mem- i
bers of Spanish Mutual Benevolent Society j
are requested la attend. ;
BURGUN— In this c:ty, October L 190U An-
thony Bur«u:i, a native of France, aged 72 '
years. I
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par- !
lors cf II. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. :
BURKHAHDT-In this city, October 3. 1901. !
Walter A., dearly beloved son of George anil 1
the late Anna Uurkhardt, and beloved brother \u25a0
cf GeoiKe. Albert. Robert. Amelia. Edward. ;
Frank and Nettie Uurkhardt. Mrs. A. D. J
Cameron and Mrs. A. C. Ledeme. a native ;
of San Francisco, aged C2 years S months ]
and 11 days. v |
CT'l-'rier.ds and acquaintances are respect- ;
ful!y invited to attend the funeral to-<Jay :
tSunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his carenis, 220 Thirteenth street, between
Howard and Mission, thence to Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, where services -will be held under the j
auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 133. F. and ,
A. M-. commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric fu-
neral car Irom Fourteenth and Mission
.streets.
CAMPBELL— In this city. October 4. 1901. I
Susie \Y.. beloved wife of Hubbard J. Camp- I
bell, daughter of airs. C. S. Boyd and sister
of Mrs. F. A. Wilkins and Mrs. H. L. Van
"Wyck and niece of Charles Le Gay.
CTInterrnent private.
CRANZ— In this city, October 4. 190L Dr.
Frajik H. Cranz, beloved husband cf Emma
Craaz. father of Louis and Ethel Cranz. and
only son of Mrs. Kate and L. Cranz. a na-
tive of Los Angeles, aged 26 years 10 months
and 20 days. A member of San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein and Masnolia Lodge No. I
41. A. O. EL W. :
C3Triends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day i
(Sunday), at ;• o'clock, from his late reel- 1
dence, 1117 Sacramento etreet, between Leav- i
eaaorth and Hyde, thence to Native Sons'
Hall. 41* Mason street, where services will !
be held under the auspices of Sequoia Parlor
No. 160, N. S. G. \\\, commencing at J:3'J ,
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ;
Pler.se omit flowers. i
TO the officers and members of Sequoia Parlor ;
No. 160. N. S. «. W. — You are hereby re- '
quested to assemMe at Native Sons' Hail. 414
Msscn street, to-day (Sunday). October. (5. at ;
1:30 p. m.. to conduct the funeral of our late \
member. Dr. Frank" H. Cranz. Fines for non- i
attendance. By order :
C. II. WOOD, PrtBident. t
R. P. BARTON. Secretary. ;
DAVIES— la Noruhoff. Ventura County, j
October 1. 19C1, Mrs. Mary Davies. beloved j
mother of Walter J. Davic-s, a native of ]
London. Ens., aeed S2 years and 4 months, j
DAVIS— In Oakland. October 5. 1P01, Frank S.. j
eon of J. P. and Mary J. Davis and brother
of Mrs. F. H. Rice and Mrs. J. E. Firmstone. '
a native of Nevada, aged 15 yeais il months |
and 3 day. iReno. Nev.. papers please copy.) i
E^TFnendp and acquaintances are respect- j
fully iniiteii to attend the funeral to-morrow i
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors j
of Halr-ted & Co., 1*46 Mission street. Inter- :
KiPnt Cyprefs Lawr. Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock :
train frcm Third and Townsend streets.
EDWARDS— In Oakland. October 1. 1901. Ed- :
ward Edwards, beloved father of C. H. and
E. E. Edwards, Mrs. A. Schad and G. L.
end F. S. Edwards, trother of Mrs. E. J.
Tayr.tor, and grandfather of Lloyd. Err.ilh-
and Grace Edwards and George and Lloyd
Schad, a native of New York City, aeed ~S
years.
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-<Jay (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at Memo-
rial Hall. I. O. O. F. building, corner of
Seventh ard Market streets, San Francisco,
under the auspices of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of Albert
Brown. 4ES Thirteenth street. Oakland.
ERNST — It? this city, October 6, 1901, George i
Ern^t. beloved sen of Henry A. and Katie
Ernst ar.d brother cf Katie, Adolph. Henry, '
WUIiem and Helen Ernst and Mrs.. Bert
Howard, a. native of San Francisco, Cal..
aged E years. 11 months and 15 days.
GKEEXBERO- In this city. October 3. 1901,
Caroline, xeiict of Leopold Greenbere. and
beloved aunt of Julius Krambach. a native
of favony, Germany.
C_?Tri?nds ivnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
denco. 228 Second avenue. Richmond" District.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by 3:30
o'clock traia from Third and Townsend
streets. By special request please omit
flowers.
GLEESON— In this city. October 4. 1901, John,
beloved husband of Julia Gleeson. and father
of Ellen. William. James. Julia. Norah and
Sarah Gleeson, a native of Tlpperary, Ire-
land, aged 64 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
tv.V.y invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 122 Sanchez street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
trill be celebrated for the repose of hj» soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
CroFE Cemetery.
HARTNETT— Entered Into rest In this city,
October 3. ISCt, Jeremiah Hartnett, beloved
brother of Lawrence and John Hartnett and
Mrs. Philip O'Connor, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased 43 year*.
C.T'The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12:88 o'clock, from 1519 Hyde
Street. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HAWKINS- In this city. October 5. 190L of
diphtheria, Howard M.. beloved son of George
end Alice Hawkins, a native of San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. aged 8 years 5 months and 5 days.
HOWARD— In thle city. October 3. 1901. Nellie
A. Howard. eUter of Mrs. Mag-gle Bmith. a
native of Kan Francisco, aeed 29 years.
CTFrfer.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Sunday>, at 11 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Holy Crops Cemetery.
HEXPHAW— In Oakland, October 4, 1901, Ed-
ward Tyler, husband of Mary R- Henshaw
and father of John C. and Thomas D. Hen-
fhaw and brother of V. G. Judge. P- W. and
Tyler Henshaw, a native of Illinois, aped 51
year? and 10 months.
CTFriendF and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral cervices to-
morrow (Monday). October 7, I90L at 12:30
o'clock, from his late residence. 115 Moes
evenue. Oakland. Interment private.
HOEY— In this city, October 3, 1901, Laurence
J. Hoey, a native of Ireland, aged & years
6 months and 11 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 6:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Ccnnor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
ter— by 10 :C0 a. m. train from Third and
Townsend streets.
JAIMISON— In this city, October 5. 190L John
William, beloved husband of Anna C. Jaimi-
son and father of Marv F. and William E.
Jaimison. a native of Maine, aged 66 year» 9
months and 23 days.
LTONS— In this city, October 4, 1901, Jame*
Lyons, a native of England. a«?ed 25 years.
C^FriendK and acquaintances and members
cf P. C. Marine Firemer.'s Union are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flanr.agan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County.
OFFICE 1*16 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn McGINN IJUOS.
Funeral Directors and Embalroers,
21 EI>DY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With Any^Other House.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Eemuei McFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McKrearty. with the same company for 10
yearp; V. F. Gre'rn. late with J. C. O'Connor
»V Co., have opened n»?w Funeral Parlors at
J171 Mission street, between Seventh and '
Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lcbos avc. S. F. f Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Fra.n<Msco after the firet any or Augrust. l»01.
Sots not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothir.fi kse harmful to tli« living than the
vehes of their d«-ad
Permits u> wmate will be issued by the
Board of Health the samp as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.Gage Goes to His Downey Banch.
los ANGELES. Oct 5.-Governor
Henry T. Gage arrived here on the Owl
train from San Francisco thia mornini
and proceeded immediately to his Sich «
The first 'of a series of lectures to be
plven to the officers and members of the
First Battalion of Artillery, N. G. C, was
delivered last Monday evening in the
Ellis-street armory by Major H. P. Bush.
The subject was on "The Necessity of
Prompt and Unqualified Obedience of Or
ders."
The lecturer cited many instances
wherein a. half-hearted compliance In
jured the morale of an organization, and
PACIFIC GROVE. Oct. 5.— A handsome
flag was presented to the public schools
of this city yesterday by the members of
the local Women's Relief Corps. Mrs
Harvey Garber made the presentation on
behalf of the corps and Professor R. _
Sandwick, principal of the- Pacific Grove
Kigh School, received the gift for the
school. The veterans of the local Grand
Army post attended the ceremonies in a
body and to them was assigned the honor
of raisins: _e O&g.
New Flag Is Hoisted.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.-The President
to-day made the following appointments:
War — First lieutenant of cavalry, Wil
liam J. Kendrick; second lieutenant artil
lery corpsT by transfer from cavalry,
Cleveland C. Lansing.
Justice — James H. AicLeary, Texas, As
sociate Justice Supreme Court of Porto
Rico. .
Navy— Le Roy .M. Garrett. lieutenant
commander; George W.~ Jungen. lieuten
ant commander; George Brice, lieutenant,
junior grade. '. -\u25a0 .-
Appointments by the President
SOLDIERS MUST
BE OBEDIENT
Los Angeles Youth. Who Was Acci
dentally Shot Survives a Diffi
cult Operation.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 5.— Ray Pecoek a.
\u25a0hot through the abdomen on September
14. is rapidly recovering. The small in!
testine was pierced in twenty-nine place"
and a section thirteen Inches long was re*
"l ov t d * and the ends Jo^ed with a \fnr
phy button. The cage is regarded £i a«"
markable one by the local burgeons *"
SECTION OF INTESTXN_
REMOVED BY SURGEONS
The next lecture will be by J W. Er
win during the latter part of the current
month. This will be on the "War in
China," and will be illustrated with stere
optlcon views. To this lecture the friends
of members of the battalion will be In
vited.
A stand of colors will be presented to
the First Battalion of Artillery on the
evening of the 18th inst. After the pre
sentation there will be a. reception and
The first duty of a soldier, he declared,
is to obey. That, he said, applies to offi
cers as well as men. During his lecture
the major quoted freely from the report
of Colonel Wilhelm on the recent camp at
Santa Cruz.
he spoke of the dangerous contingencies
attendant thereon. He claimed that to a
large extent undue familiarity between
officers and men had a vicious tendency,
and asserted that it is the duty of all
non-commissioned officers to impress upon
their men those notions of obedience and
respect for authority which make good
soldiers.
der command of Lieutenant Harloe, d!d
remarkably well, there being but three
individual complaints.
The men worked in conjunction with
those of the vessel and In that way soon
became proficient. They experienced but
little difficulty in carrying out all orders
given and did good work in drilling with
the 6-pounders and machine guns.
from this regiment on account of remov
al, seven at expiration of term of service
and seven for the good of the service.
The company commanders have been di
rected to be careful in complying with the
law relative to the keeping of company
books and that relating to the filing of
monthly reports.
Major Phil J. Perking has been ad
vanced to the position of signal officer on
the Second Brigade staff, vice Hanks, re
signed.
Richard Emmerson Warfleld, son' of
Brigadier General Warfield, has been ap
pointed aid de camp on the. Second Bri
gade staff with the rank-of captain, vice
Napthaly, promoted.
Lieutenant Joseph Barrow of Company
D, Fifth Infantry, has tendered his resig
nation.
Captain Nerney, commanding the Naval
Militia, left last week on the Philadelphia
with the second, half -of the militia for a
seven days', cruise down the lower coast.
The first half of the militia, which re
turned from a cruise on \u25a0 that - vessel un-
Private William T. Beck Jr. has been
transferred from Company D to Company
E. -. Seventeen men nave -been discharged
dance. The function will be under the
direction of Lieutenants W. S. Grattan,
William A. Varney and Joseph N. Ross
Jr.
The third practice of the battalion of
artillery for the year will be held at Shell
Mound range on Sunday, the 18th, com
mencing at 10 o'clock In the morning.
The State target - practice of the - First
Infantry Regiment, which was postponed
on account of the death of President Mc-
Kinley, will be held as follows: Second
practice, October 20; third' practice, No
vember, 10, and skirmish practice, Novem
ber 24, at the l*resldlo rifle range, com
mencing at 9 o'clock in;the morning for
the practice shoots and a quarter of an
hour earlier for the skirmish practice.
Upon recommendation of the comman
der of his company, Corporal Joseph C.
Corcoran of Company G has been return
ed to the rank of a private soldier for neg
lect of duty. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Oct. 5—12 m.
•CXITED STATES BOXDS.
Bld.Aek. Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup. .112 112«ii 4s Qr c (new).13S>4133Vi
4s quar reg 112 Il23i 3s quar coup.. IPS 109
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106 107 Oceanic SS Bs.103 ' —
CaJ-st Ba IIS — Omnibus C 6S.129H —
C C Water Bs.llO^ — Pac G Imp 4s. — 99
Ed L & P 6s.. — 131*4 Pk & Cl H 6s.l09 —
rer & C H 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s. 121 —
Ceary-Et 5 S — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & 6 £%\u25a0.. — — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 6s 98% — S F & SJV Ss.123 123*i
Los Ang R 5s. 117 117% Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6S..101U — S P of Ariz 6s
Do tntd 6s.. 100 — (1P09) 113 114
Do gntd 5S..1C3 105 (1810) 114 —
L A & Pac 5s. 101 102 S P of Cal 6a
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1305). 6er A. — lOTVi
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 12S% (1S05), Ser B.107H —
Do 1 c m 6s. — _H (1906) 109 —
SevCNGT!.- — (1912) llSH —
N R of Cal 6s. 112^ — S P of Cal 1st
Do Ea 121%122% c *mtd 6s 110*4 —
ICor Pae C 6s.l01Vi — SPBrCal 6s. 123% —
Do Es — 1074 S V Water 6s. 111% —
Nor Cal R Ss.lll — Do 4s 103»4 —
Oak Gas 5s....lll>4 — Do 4s, 3d m.lOlV —
Oak Trans 6s.l20% — Stktn Ga» 6s. .104 —
Oak Wat g 5E.103VS —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 73ri — ;Port Costa.... 62% 65
Maria County. 58 — • Spring Valley. SB*4 £7%
GAS AXD ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — Pacific Light.. 42
Equitable 3*4 4 Sacramento ... — 4a
Mutual 4'4 XA&. S F G & E.... (3 43%
Oakland — 51W6an Francisco. 4% «U
Pac Gas Imp.. — 40 i Stktn G & E.. 8 *
INSURANCE.
Flrem'e Fund.'lO — | .
BANKS.
Angrlo-Cal 76*4 78 L P & A 1S7%16O
California 405 — j Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep^lCS^ — |S F National. .130 —
First Xationl..210 — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S35 — !£av & Loan... — —
Humbolflt — *- Security Bav..275 —
Mutual Sav — 60 — Union Truet..KO0 —
E_ Francisco. 323 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California. 130 — IOEL& H 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 22 —
Market ES% £9 I
POWDER.
Giant 73% 75»4lVIgortt 3 T 4 4\ a
SUGAR.
Hana Z% 6 |Kilauea. 10 —
Hawaiian — £0 Makawell ..... 24U, 24a;
Honokaa 10 — Onomea 23 25
Hutchinson ... 1414 15 Paauhau 10V6 luy t
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 144^145 I Oceanic B Co. 40 48
Cal rruit Can. 56% 98 |p ac Aux F A.. 2V4 -
Cal Wine Asn. K7 — jPac C Borax.. — —
iler Exchange. 110 — iPar Paint..... 16
Morninj Session.
Board-
SO California Fruit Canners 87 00
51000 Loa Angeles Railway 6s 117 00
CO Market-street Railway \ g$ 50
200 Paiuhau Susrar Plantation Co 10 25
S1000 S F & 6 J V Bonds 123 00
$:000 S P of Arizona (1903) "m k
$1000 S P of C 6s (1312) .".I 119 S
3 S V Water SS on
2S V Water ZIT» O »
20 S V Water 87 00
Street—
35 Giant Powder Consolidated 75 50
CO Oakland Gas rj nn
T10.000 S F & S J Bonds III!l23 00
PRODUCERS" OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Boarfi —
100 Home 3 »r
5 Kern '."'.'"'" £ go
150 Lion i ©2
K;0 Reed Crude «
3000 Reed Crude "" ,T
200 Sovereign \ ?i
3000 Sterling (b 90) 1 7k
100 Sterling .V.Y.'.'.'Jull 1 27U
Street— * 37M
S00 Occidental of West Virginia... »9
400 Occidental of West Virginia 28
MINING STOCKS.
The . following were the sales in the fear
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yeste-
da.y:
Morning Session.
1O00 Belcher 10 200 Chollar #r
100 Caledonia C2 200 Con Cal &*Va"l k
100 Challenge 20 £00 Ophir ...7...*:. ~
The following were the sales in the Taetflr
Etock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 10. 400 Con Cal & vicr
100 Best & Belcher 16 300 Crown Point" 'r
100 Best & Belcher 17 300 Mexican
20J Challenge Con. 191 100 Ophir ...y.'.'.'.'..'. 71
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BATXJRDAT. Oct. 6— li m.
Bid. Ask. U.U. Ae k
Alph* - 02 Julia _ oi
Alta 02 C2 Justice c' 0«
Andee 04 06 Kentuck _ _ o->
Belcher 09 11 Mexican 17 jZ
Beet & Belcher 16 17 1 Occidental 03 ffi
Bullion — C2jOphlr 75 {•
Caledonia S2 33, Overman 05 OS
Challenge 19 20;Potosl . ui nv
Chollar C6 07 Savage 02 nj
Confidence 90 95 Sejr Belcher... 02 04
Con Cal & Va..l 6S 1 70 Sierra Nevada 18 -111
Crown Point... C2 C5 Silver Hill ... 31 s?
Exchequer — 0! Standard 350 _
Gould & Curry 06 OS Union OS n-
Hale * Norc... 16 17 Utah " 02 C3
Imperta} — Ol'Tellow Jacket.. 08 10
The United States Crude OH Company paid
dividend No. 20 on September 15 and the South
ern California Oil and Fuel ComD&ny paid
•dividend ?»o. S (quarterly) on October L
The Kern oil field is said to have shipped
115,(00 barrels over the Southern Pacific during
September, the largest amount yet shipped
from the field. Oil prices are said to be on
the rise in the Kern field, and it is claimed
that lS&c has been bid for oil without suc
cess.
A moderate business was don* on the Bond
Exchange, with an advance In SprlnK Valley
Water to JSS and a subsequent decline to $87.
Market Street Railroad was still firmer at
fSS 50. The feeling in. this stock Is firm, partly
owing to the feeling- of an Eastern syndicate
Jor the property and partly to the rumored
declaration of a stock dividend. The other
etocke were unchanged and the oil stocks were
quiet. -
PaclQc Llrhtlng was ex-divldend of 35c, or
$17,490. yesterday.
The Linda Vista oil assessment of 3c was
delinquent on the exchange yesterday.
STOCK MARKET.
Depew has known Miss Palmer for nine
years, but his engagement dates from Eix
weeks ago. so he said to-day. The Sen
ator js one of the guests at a party which
H. Mclv. Twombly Is entertaining at his
country home, Floorham Park, near Mad
ison, N. J. He announced his engagement
there on Friday evening at dinner. At
the same time Mrs. Palmer, the mother
cf the intended bride, made the same
announcement in Paris, where she and
her daughter nre at present.
The vroman of his choice Is Hiss May
Palmer. She Is a New Yorker by birth
but Is little known here. Almost from
her childhood Fhe has lived abroad, and
has visited this country only a few times.
Miss Palmer is a daughter of the late
Henry Palmer and granddaughter of John
I. Palmer, who founded the Merchants'
Bank. Her mother was one of the three
Herman sisters of New Orleans who a
peneraticn ago were famous for their
beauty the country over.
NEW YORK, Oct 5.-Senator Chauncey
M. Depew, after being kept busy for sev
eral years denying rumors that he was
about to take a wife, admits at last that
he Is engaged to be married, and this time
it Is no joke.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miss May Palmer, Now in
Paris, Will Soon Be
the Bride.
Senator Says Positively
Cupid Has Tethered
Him.
DEPEW INSISTS
IT'S NO JOKE
THE SA]N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1901.
32
r\ jgle^^^^^ | ' . - Hale's. -y-- | Hale's. ' | !___.g^__L
1^5.^^ **^-^^-~ f* Oa good^*^ ... itv , send for our new catalogue — the finest hook of its J&^2^H>od~goo5&^^ (F^t^'^&^lft
\u25a0 .^SK^H^M • A double S aIn: £ ain in st y le > S ain in money. That's what makes this news so good. Yes, and there's such a variety that nobody's taste or t^^^j§Sm^
Our ambition this fall has taken us to waist-heights never attained before. We made up our minds months ago we'd lead in silk and wool iMfes^^[^]!g;
waists. But we couldn't expect more women to come here; if we didn't give them more for their money than any one else. And makers said they'd P ut ;&^^^^|^Ij|ii
ISiiPf 11ili mOre in the waists if we ' d hu y more - They are here. This is how the prices start: . ' gjj |£ Wf§f|^i|!3 fei'
Bi^W All-Wool Waists for 95c. These Silk Waists for $3.45 ' B^f^S
Gray a ? d I £ vend ? r « stitched fronts and collar, back lined, cuffs flare. Close to five are so Rood we've never been able to get anything like them before. Made from such a W\VK^^^^ > -^*— *^-
Wi^^^^^^ dozen.^ In three sizes only— 38, 40 and 42. '...'. ,\ '. heavy taffeta, tucked and hemstitched all over, thafyou'd be getting full money's worth Wj&%ffiT \
TP&C ~'%%M!k 91*25 WOOL WAISTS — New cuffs, stock collars, pleated backs, stitched straps round y° u P aId fiv e dollars. If it wasn't that the man was bidding for 'our trade we'd never rotg' P«r Sj^ ~ >
Vv'f ; "';' '- tlle y° ke - The whole thing is set off with pretty brass buttons. Blacks, blues, reds, have them now. - He knew that if he got his goods into our six California stores •«= >i H * >v^«>
lpff|. ... -• 3&sH8 greens, old rose. he'd have an inducement at first. We pass it on to you. Every size and every color — *
**^*Z&*~>- S1.50 FBENCH FLANlfEL WAISTSr-New sleeves and collars < buttoned down "the black as well. - \u25a0
front, pleated down the back. Colors blue, red and black. S5.O9 SHiK WAISTS— Heavy taffeta, new cuffs, collars hemstitched and tucked, hemstitching and tucking aowa _9
S1 o 9 f 5 hfn^£nl l^&gjra £^IS: N S5oS 1 ?Sd. ll^«e?iS_ baCk trImmed W " h b ° X PleatS ' ~ Ith rOW3 \u25a0 *6!™5 n kl££& n iin¥^^ back and front is hemstitched in pretty designs;
5 ?^ sSkSSS. WAISTS-Tucked yoke and down the front, three rows of' tucking down the back, 97^mgwA^^^^^t^^ll^\^t^l»tk and front; new double sleeves with puffed elbow.
Laces and Dress Trimmings. |Trimmed Hats $5.00 and $8.00.
A bounty of newness. This department is overflowing with pretty . ___ -^Mfe s . We've never shown such pretty hats for the price before. They
things just now. Nothing has been overlooked that will add to are a11 th^ work of picked designers-very stylish and very striking.
the beauty and effectiveness of your dress. Parisian novelties are - It's a charming collection.
here in abundance, io make the attractions even more irresist- jr^^X «^^^^^^^^M^_P t*i u^lj r^i Jt>
ibie we will show this week many wS^ "'\u25a0 * e Mats Have a Dash and Beauty
Mtf^W Th*ri«6: l«i_* In fh\/ F*/rk>r»rkc-<c- J^^Hwl Of those costing more. In fact, many of them are so much like the imported
WKZYV a H:BElJc3) cILs^L IIS %Jy L/L|jrc^^t " ; 1^ffl_S' " Jj ~'Ji M 05M^50rM m °del from which they were copied that it would be hard to tell them apart
We don't relax our efforts one bit. We keep the sharpest kind of look- fr^E? .f|F^ -^^SS^S^SS^^ without looking at the price tickets,
outs in New York to do nothing but watch for these new ideas and hurry them *** '&*F There is taste and skill and originality to every one— all made from very
What stands first? Fillet Net by all odds, then Galoons then Chan- J^^ZL^W We want to show them to you. \V C are proud of them. And you'll want to
tillies. ' 3_^^^^^^®y^[ see t^ iern you are a^ tcr ie most or e mone >'- W e 'H mention a half-dozen.
In Trimmings the new Torpedo effect reigns supreme. _ %^$tf^%m&%ti y?l^^pilv S|i^^^-^^^ ' At Five PoIFarS- - At Eight Dollars.
Prices. They are not high. Twenty-five or fifty cents gives you a splendid tS%$Sl jMiW%\ %^>w T^ t? - NAPOLEON SHAPE-Both black A 3LUE VELVET SOFT DMPED
cnoosing. \u25a0 T£$£^'R$$ r?W., <§%$\u25a0\u25a0 .MiiM^S' $J$M^M^??h*- «"»^ / and white felt braid, with a black vel- HAT— Flaring from the face, a green
J,>C—Lcru Venise Applique. 1 to 1V 2 inches; Ecru Fillet Insertion, with finished ' ' «r ««| W^^^Sfflmfw *l> -K** / vet crow n. with white cord, set off . silk crown, finished with si!k chenille
cages, 2U Inches; Black Chantilly Galoon, 2*4 to 3H inches wide. icF\ \' mJ> -/&v \^%*^%;£ '*TfTf*<^ f* " '•''*/ /HS&i*. 'x / with black and white pompons, as \u25a0 braid, green stick hat pins, rhine-
oO£— Cream and Ecru Venise Appliques and Galoons, 1 to 2V> inches; Point Lierre 'ie^ *«•»» /«W^ w™£« h,1y »i^Fi|'-','i»\ , • ' fir "• /S^S^_^-/ wel1 as drape. Black silk and white stone ornament on bandeau. Two pea-
oaioons. 4 inches; Cream White Escurial Galoon. 2 inches; Batiste Galoons 1 |K?*¥b- i£$ l 'lik "^SSS m&\lf:i^^^ /^'SsS^iSC, chenille ornaments on bandeau. cock breasts across front.
inch wiae; Ecru *illet Insertions, 2 inches; Black Escurial Insertion, 2& inches; J*r2_ft*-«#E2^ ?W£M ' J®P_^^\- A ' CRAPED TTTRBAU-Medium size, •
Black Chantilly Galoon, 2V' 2 to 4 inches; Cream White Chantilly. 2 to 4 Inches. W^lPSS^J&toMFP . form of black velvet, with a black A BED VELVET HAT— "~ith ruffled
7.>C— Black Kscurial Galoon. 2^4 and 3V 2 inches; Cream White Chantilly Galoon, 4 _l£^^' fc^#iW«fCl — - crinkled silk facing, trimmed with brim, low crown, large white bird; on
l?^,f S T^^Y h T ,? et 1 }' 3 inches; Ecru Venise Appliques, 1^, to 3 inches; F^^iaB^EsT C!r 'V?l \u25a0 black and white breasts, black rose; the band is a jet ornament.
__,^ r "^ 1 'l. e JI" s e rlIon - 2% to 3 inches; Cream Venise Medallion. ¥&\~J7ffl^¥^$lr w!MSj|ffimls^P;? also hair metal orna.ment.
NEW ROMAN LACE— Hand made of renaissance braid on mousseline de sole <^f^i'fi^VT^ A SKOOPED SHAPE-For young worn- BLACK FEATHER HAT - Velvet
CTT a £ d net with fancy silk thread stitching; «1..-,O to *«.5O a yard. - .**\u25a0&? f^ ( W • en, in red, trimmed with metal orna- Sown, brim of black feathers, velvet
SILK APPLIQUES— Cream and black, .->()« to tf.'J.OO a yard. % \^V^' ments, pink roses on hair knot of red and pompon trimmings, gun metal or-
o , , . „ • " ' On either side are red breasts. naments.
Sale continues of t Wp j v j+ infp ih/i —
underwear tor Women and Children. New Flannel Season Tomorrow
ISS^I «J^™£i^£^TZg£Z£^^^ _ By Showing New Sty.es. {\u25a0 By Making New Prices.
finished with silk shell edge'. THE SEASON. We told you plainly we couldn't duplicate them ajrain this . Wa<istvn§Fl%nnels with woven strhpzs. —White Wool Flannel, 29a instead of 35a.
pearl buttons, /covered seams, fall— many of them are already closed out. Some of the lin^s are so lim- \u25a0 t ™ nch -Foannels in Persian effects. . —75c French .Flannel, Monday 50c.
n d g an n kles e s£es I'ff ited Jt ' s not safe t0 put them in P rint - But of these we still have plenty. ~^apper Flannels ; new beauties. -Pink and Blue Tennis Flannels oo.
WOOL VESTS AND PANTS 75c Need underwear? Then don't put off buying. If you do you'll pay more German Eiderdown Flannels. —Dxinby O'iMn<S FlanneU 7c.
Extra heavy, ribbed or plain, and get no more for your money. ~~ " — — — .
natural gray unshrinkable, fin-. j*>.t,*r,_ ,w^ .« * This is the flannel event of our life. So expect something 'way. out of the 'ordinary. Anyhow who is bet-
ishedonneck and front with BOyS* and GlPlS* VeStS and PantS 13C. ter aWe to carry out a flannel scheme in a broader way than Hale's California stores? wno is D«
silk shell edge, seams are cov- „.,.,,,. ., ' ,. , • , e bu y and sel l so much of this stuff through these six stores that we pet market advanta^ no «n». M«.
ered. Best garments of their - Heavily ribbed natural gray fleece lined vests, pants and drawers. Full sizes, does, let us see their styles' first-even gW so far as to orie^
r 5 " bU " Oned dOW " tHe And "- iSp » hi * 1 1 % % *™ - | § Win ,ou S ha« ou r E ood fonune ?
p™« ! s wl'.h F^ h ch oe y oL b rnd s s : * B &J&25VS&&j&s£gi aB BSVSf^ J ss?}U^SSS- 18 ? Pieces Prett y Tennis Flannelsic Yd. _„ ___. 1 _5ST_J_^S? !2£» _ aim .
shaned narrowed cuffs and white lined, ribbed cuffs and ankles, natural or white, unshrinkable, silk 27 lnch< ;S wide; all light colors— dainty pinks and blues pre- new and beautiful colorings.
ankles;' natural gray, white, gff S^^iU'i? ff^Co^ . covered seams. V -o*g^ J^hgavl^^nrt «d a TO t« T^ri.^ , Othjr^ad^ at g^ , g c uA* -broad and factor*
pink and black. Sizes 4. 5. 6. mottled tan. Tennis Flannels at Tc "*
Underwear fOr Blir FolkS. • f lBOi pieces, pinks . blues, checks and stripes! 27 inches wide, _. . Waisting Flannels 75c.
UHUtl wtai IVJI »-»«& i WIIV3. •. . a quality that even we have never yet sold less than 27 inches wide, set oft with fancy woven stripes. These are
Complete stocks of everything, shirts and pants and union suits, either cotton or all wool. Hale's are first i?; S P lt _ means something to buy our best 8 l-3c Jg pretty, so popular, and -we are so well fixed in them
k^hb up in suc^ broa^d wav Eventhe as full stocks as we can BEE1T OT^tt^Mr IS PXANNEIS In pinks and blues. 10c. S^_^Sa SSSf?S S£
TWO MONTHS GE'l"XJLNGr READY 1U M_Jiii* l±_b _JMJMVUJNUiiJ3a._[Ml. btout people will read it with de- WzC loc. 18 2-3c, 20c. Are what everybody uses for see at 75c.
light. We are ready now for a big business with big folks. . Sxr'hwiv* 11 ™??^ 8 SklrtS " They are lm P° rted goods, many Genman n,l,n,!nun Pi» nn^i a l-
EX 35& agt^SSPUPia Sffi«"_^SgE _J*ffifc 35c W?S Wool Flannel 29c. .Xh^ gurth, or a y^^l.^tpiV^^ ot
natural^ray or white, two-thirds wool, unshrinkable, sizes; vests with either long or short sleeves, gussets in It's a fine grade, soft, firmly woven, 27 inches wide It's w>aDDe?s V7 quaIIty ' * Qulte the thln^ for morning
buttoneu across the chest, finished with silk shell stitch. arm, silk shell finish around neck and down front, pearl as good as you could expect at 3oc We mark it 29c to " OTOTT*^t*7'l > V umvon T — r atotott to on «-v— . o^
pearl buttons, covered seams, cut extra long in body bu^ tons ' covered seams; pants with French yoke bands. morrow morning for the first time. ° t?^, &?* 1 * , 3Oc ~Z
wide lap in back, shaped cuffs and ankles. Largest wide lap in back, shaped cuffs and ankles. Sizes, 7 8 OTHEH WHITE FLANNELS that have oomd rtlwt \u2666« 1 m? i!.™,^ , ?? and patterns there is asch
S n suit made. Sizes, 7. S and , An e^ g l yg00 d garment. Our sale price 1
Sale of Satin and Qros=Qrain Ribbons. ] — —
Good heavy all-silk ribbons, with a firm, solid body and a soft, pretty finish. Just the ribbons women are after 2^ PlCC6_» *7~C Ff*_nC h Pf f\ M tip! <S 1\l\f\rifln\7
for the neck or as trimmings or ruffling. All new and fresh— nothing could be more desirable. Blue, cream, pink, *-* «^'ww_' y^v a. I.WIIWIJ 1 lailUCi^ XUUllUd^ 5 U^ #
yellow, red, violet, lavender, green, etc. * , s ? me a /^ P lal . n : others striped; others with Fleur de Lls patterns; others with dots; all of them stylish and won-
I inch Ac finches fo i/ 2 inches O r .inches Or t^ Pa^^
wide — now.. z f v - \\4de — now.. W( - wide — now.. u^- wide — now..V*~ PLAIN FRENCH FLANNELS FRENCH FLANNELS 7Kp-In new I»T ATNT Wfwr vnti.'UTwnr»r +m>
&ow:.ioc 3i£S;.;i2c S n ? 0 " 14c \u25a0 &J^K<vs&tt^-^^£^«^
\\ iae— now ... wiae now,. wiae— now.. * t waists . variety; 27 in. wide. in every colorine.
J\ f (vV^' (Dress goods new s of highest importance.)
:^^ > '^^^ jiii \ Hlf French Foule ClothV^^ — 7^\
11 % f_S_^3> 71 H vj\- r REGU V AR DOLLAR QUALITIES Sl'^7' 1 im^SE- 'MliMMJ^D^^'^^^S^^^^^r^
3 ''iL J* <Jltt' U U U .. .. . . •\u25a0„ And in, the right color <,\u25a0 too. /Inv a ,,^,niTi \u25a0 .
p - , 1 he roules come m cream. as well as all. the new shades. - > - 'o _w \u25a0 *~*.
JlOgeiS The whipcords in black and every color-43 inches wide.. SalC Oi HOUSe SUDDIieS
TPiple-PlateCl SllVerWare. Pilil^li^li^! t^B&WSMm * a time^ off -^ ofeverydayth^srHamrncrs.brushk^ap and so or,
A BIG SAVING. two fabrics so many women want' as these. Every yard is It's an important money-saving .occasion with us.
Qn sale Monday for the first time. It's the best offer of the kind we've perfect— texture and coloring and weight is as eood as if ah ai« ' * __ » »
ever made • you paid a dollar. Reducing. PP1CC6 All Along the Line,
Creamers Nut Bcw!s • . . , , , . . ' , T ,^ % ™, . \ , But on r.othlngr that- isn't good. "We've no patience with cheap stuff If wn ran ».v
fenfiar Bowls Bonbons . . . They were landed late in New \ prk. -The importer, in the meantime, it worth your while to save" money it's. worth our while. This is to-day^s Urt?
and numerous other styles all one price. had bought elsewhere. So manufacturer loses. You gain. Don't wait till TIN DIPPERS 4c PIECE, and seam- S—AW CUTTERS l"5c— "With 'aJiin**
* the color range is broken. - • . less, stami)e<l, one or two quart size. • able blade: 6% by 17 % inches * a J a «-
25C eaCh . , COLORED CHEVIOTS 50c-Third shipment goes on sale this week. c™&m\£w®££x*l&*-**. S**™ cSS&ggf^ 1^™* '"ron*
-and every pie^e is gold lined. The few hundred articles we've been fortu- £?_S^^i^S_^_S^£fSf l S5rw C <^ra heavy. kind full size. 14 feet ion*. 7 ''bS5S_S S5S
nate enough to>t will find eager buyers . . popular fal coloring RUaranteCd t0 be aU wooL Comes in the ° ew WOOdS? SPOOKS 2c-Turned. 10. 12 CASTILE SO^l^Sc-l^pound bar,.
In con unction with this remarkable offering we'll sell popular tail colorings. and u !nches lonff Used for mIxlng it a the quality and weight usually
f?nrt<-r»»' Te-n «?nonn<s Re- l r* t " *-• /. ft i or basting:. One price now, 2c sold at 20c. . *"*\u25a0»
R °gfo^pTa^be P a°upi^ Very rarely that . «^^C PerCallHe Lltting fOF 83C T °SIlaif °w^l incSls C^^' S^S^S&J^^t
POMPS' P^SI fSSJSS'ie^ P ° PUlar bCaded P - &tteni8 - USi^^t fs b th£ 8 I ' 3C - S^«^oSS S5C ve^ry^st 69^^ «S_SP
Sfckel J53. wd ?n the beaded patterns. \u25a0 1Oc SILESIA TOR 7r/ 2 c_Gray and brown, 36 inches wide; 1200 yards. the - » rJce - \ ™« <°* boiling sl%, ll^^* 1 ''
Trip'e piated Cake stand* $i. 50. _ ----«-- — . . . Stee? Enameled Ware Cheaper Than Even
T^^V^^^^ti^ Gnt^ torttie^- White Lace Curtains $5.25. l^i^^ilU^ 15c SiSS^ffiSSSiri&S
It's a prettier piece and more worthy than any we know, of being sold at the 200 pairs, ecru; 3/, yards long, 50. inches widefsome very neat de- o'qT _Sp^S _Iura_»_KSiBc ?^S!_^SS_S? e - WIth tln C0V '
Pdce - signs, all new patterns. < Z-QT. 1,IPJ?*_»_BAUO±.J?_NS 15c PUDDING PANS 18c-three-quart size,
\u25a0\u2666- -\u2666\u25a0 f=srr /*™f 1 n— LACE CURTAINS SI. 75— S4 pairs, ecru, and white. 3% yards long and 60 ' y *z*=sst
Vjjrilffkt «t Vt&^MW/^/£Wf inches wide, woven with a strong and evenly twisted thread. A suitable tmSfT ffi&f *JWf ' +
clJ iat OL., <?« rr ~Nw M?/ (*** curtain for hotel or lodging-houses. x@JssMaL^F*W /pf/ (Si Market St
»S?T en . /fSmr J*^*^**-*m^ thro-w fringe. Our regular $4.00 line. On sale this week^S.oO n ° over " /Mf/ /jBEtl ' * Onn r*r\1r%**.~*
tiate AVC "~Z TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS : S2.00-QuIte the thing for dining-rooms. /Mf —"„ n £~~^< PP * UO1Clen
________ QQQ1&& >^^ Thev are a ncw 1Ine of armure woven covers, neatly fringed, heavy cloth; /£=* GQOS*^ 0^ Gate Avf»
•y- . . \u2666:- "*— mi^ii „_ vw^s^- . green an( j tan an( j re( i, blue and brown. Bi — "^TniTii— _,_ . * vjqtc nY C« " J