DENTAL BILL
BRINGS HIM
TO DISGRACE
WASHINGTON*, June 13.— Captain Rob
ert E. Imfrey, one of the oldest line of
ficers of the navy and slated for honorable
retirement as rear admiral on September
21, has .been convicted by court-martial
of the charge of "scandalous /conduct,
tending to the prejudice of good morals."
The record of the proceedings, findings
and sentence of the court-martial was re
ceived at the • Navy Department to-day
and. is being reviewed by. the judicial of
ficers. The maximum penalty for the of
fense of which Captain Imfrey was con
victed is dismissal, but In view of his lonsr
service the court gave him the lesser but
still severe, sentence of a -substantial re*
ductlon in numbers.
Captain Imf rey's trial grew out of a dla-*
puto- over a dentist's bill/ Captain Im-»
frey is stationed at the Mare Island Navy
Yard; near San Francisco. The dentist
who treated him professionally submitted
a bill for $50. Captain Imfrey wrote to
the dentist that the . Government paid
such bills.- buf the "auditing officer would
not authorize tho expenditure of so large
a sum for' filling; teeth and suggested that
the amount be reduced to a reasonable fig
ure.' The dentist declined to reduce and
after waiting a ' while without j obtaining I
payment sent the bill and | Captain Im
f rey's letter to' the Navy Department.
feel, the "masses of the people follow. If an official is friendly
to foreigner's the people will be the same; if he is opposed to
them, so will the people be. The people of China are a peaceful
and Industrious race, and do'not look for trouble, but they are
dominated by the mandarins v in every thought."; . ;
"In, Northern China a drought had j existed ; for, two years
before the Boxer uprising and many people were starving and
desperate. It but needed a spark to , inflame their ; minds'
against . the foreign missions. The missionaries ha"ve done
many things to earn the 111- will of the people.'. :' They are
earnest in the cause of civilization 'and religion,' b'ut'.'many. of ,
them have Interfered in legal and domestic affaifs of the- Chi-i
nese people in their districts! .*; y/ ] ; iv- 'K;: '; lty£j* :
, - . "The Boxer uprising r iwas ! mainly -due ; to -the: absence-.of
¦good .officials in . the^proyince ; of . Shansi.' '.' The7 notorious "Tii
Hsien was Governor of that province, 'and;' was "appointed ¦
iHMMbjMlV', ¦' ,•¦'.. . ¦ • -.¦¦.-. . ¦•*.'•'¦ ~,. . . - :•¦¦ : ••-
SIR CLAUDE MAXWELL' MACDONALD.K.C.B.. K.-
C. M. G., British Minister to Japan and late Minister to
China, arrived yesterday", from the Orient with his wife.
Lady Ethel Macdonald, ' oii the steamship Hongkong
Maru. They are quartered at the Palace Hotel. Sir
Claude bas a distinguished record both as a soldier and a dip
lomat and played an important part inthe siege of the lega
tions in Peking last year. The representative of King Edward
of England is a man of superb physique, courteous and amia
ble to all who have occasion to meet him.
"We are glad to get to America," said Sir Claude last night,
"for we have never. be»n in this country before. I 'went; to
China for the first time in January, 1S96, and staycd,-there for
four years. • The work was very arduous and the climate in
Peking very trying, and in May. 1£99, I took my. wife home to
Kngland for' a' visit. .. I ask'ed.the Government to allow me to
go to Japan; and that Sir Ernest Satow,;the Minister to Japan,
might be sent to Peking. ' Sir Ernest was willing to make the
change, but. I did not get ; to Japan ' as j soon as I had antici
pated. When •" I ' returned . to Peking in t,he autumn of 189.1, we*
first heard of. the Boxer riots in •Northern. China, arid events
followed so rapidly that we were besieged in, the.legations'al
most before we knew, of the trouble' being so close at hand."..-- " .
Slrz-Claude^had but little that'.was new\to; tell -of 'the" hor
rors of the famous; siege, but hetyalkedi at length of the pres
ent situation in the Flowery' Kingdom. -When asked as to. the
possibility of China paying a large indemnity- to the foreign
powers the diplomat answered: ¦ . _i '..<,¦ "-. ..:
"J have been away from China since last October' and do
not know just what amount has been decided upon, but what
ever the sum may he it is quite impossible to say if China, can
meet the demand. " Whether she be called' upon to~*pay one
hundred and fifty million dollars or. twice that- amount, .it- is
equally problematical- if she can pay. 'China •publishes'; no
financial budget and one figures in the dark when it comes to
computing what the Government raises by taxation and" im
port duties." • . ' .* . ¦''¦.'.
Many Causes for the- Boxer Uprising. ¦
Sir Claude MacdonaTd is of the opinion that there were
many causes for, the Boxer uprising. " .' , . ¦¦•';
"It was not due alone to the anti-missionary feeling,*,' he
said, ,','and , the causes were far reaching. The acquisition- of
territory by the powers^was one of the chief causes'., .'Iti, in
flamed the minds of the officials of China, and, as they do arid
Distinguished;Diplpmat,A^hpWas British -Minister at Peking
During" Siege of the 1^
Where He Now Represents His Majesty; Eh Route Home
despite the protests of the foreign Ministers: Yu Hsien was
formerly Governor of Shantung, province, and .Ills hostile at
titude to foreigners was so pronounced that the entire diplo
matic corps asked for, his removal. '.The Empress and her ad
visers, placed him ' In charge, of Shansi province,, where, the
majority of the missionaries were located. • 'No . foreigner is
allowed in the interior of China outside, of the missionaries.
They, alone are allowed to go there, treaties providing for their
presence. . I could not go to" the, interior of China. A good offi
cialin Shansi could have stopped the Boxer uprising at the
start. ¦
, . :. "When we first heard 'of trouble in the province the diplo
matic corps insisted that "the,' Chinese 'Government take steps
to quell: the movement.' Nothing, , however, .was done by the
Government, and the uprising grew on all sides. .The mission
aries were killed and tne, Boxers swarmed, down on Peking.
Even then we did- not realize- that: the : Boxers were receiving
the support of: the' imperial' troops. ., The Boxers were armed
..with spears and. swords,' but when "volleys of Mauser bullets
were poured, Into the legations we knew that the Government
was aiding the mob. . • '
frf:', Yu-Hsien Responsible for Massacres.
;, "The province of ; Shansi always -.was looked upon as a
peaceful one,;and the massacre of the missionaries was pri
marily due to 'the .presence of Yu Hsien- as Governor. He is
one of the men .whose head has been demanded by the powers.
He is supposed to be with the 'Empress and her court."
In speaking of the. Emperor, Kwang Sui the British diplo
mat said: • , ' ' . ; . . . . v-^^ . . .
'. "I" think, that the young Emperor' means well, but. he is
physically unable to hold the reins of government. He is sup
posed t'o be suffering .from Brlght's disease, and the Dowager
Empress keeps a tight. hold on the affairs Of the country. .
. "My wife, Lady t MacdonaldY was' one of the • first white
women to meet the Dowager Empress.' Two years ago my wife
and the wives of the other foreign Ministers spent a whole day
jWlth the Empress at 1 the palace. Each lady was accompanied
by the Interpreter of the legation.; I sent my best, interpreter
along wlth ; my wife. . He' had' lived in China for twenty years
and had a thorough knowledge of the .language. I toid him to
keep his eara open and to listen. to"all the conversation of the
Empress 1 arid the;ladles of the imperial' courts I wanted to
' know just how the j Empress! acted in ' her palace and what her
attitude- was to , the!. visitors .and to those around her. That
evening when ; my 'wife returned ; v my interpreter came : to me
and said: ;. 'I; have, reasons; to -change -all* my former opinions
as to the Dowager Empres's. -She is amiable unto weakness.'
TTiat' conveyed; a great jct/a! 'to 'my mind; especially as my in
terpreter,' an- Australian' by birth. ' , was a' cool and very level
headed^ fellow. Four /weeks* .before the siege began my wife
and the other, ladles of '"the; legations, again •¦ spent a day with
the;; Empress.".' ""•' ;-'.'\ K-J -Y. - .:> ¦"¦ i . '•' '..; • •¦¦
Sir ClaHide was ; asked if . he thought the withdrawal; of , the
foreign troops was a! good move, arid he answered: ! <.
V ; "Yes, 'it is aitgood: thing' that the foreign '.troops -are being
withdrawn. • There f.has -been' too much friction among . them
and the example was bad for the .Chinese.' .There Is' no danger
<i • Continued on Page Two.
married.
Griffith last night claimed that every
thing was regular, but later admitted that
his relatives did not know of the mar
riage. He wanted the affair suppressed
until letters which he wrote" yesterday
could.reaqh home and inform them of the
wedding. When asked whether the fam
ily of Mrs. Griffith knew that she was to
be married he replied in the affirmative.
He refused to state, however, why they
came to tliis city to have the ceremony
solemnized. ' - . _ -
Mrs.- Griffith is said to be well known in
San Francisco. She is a typical Califor
nia woman, very beautiful, of command
ing carriage and a pleasing conversation
ist. ¦ Griffith is no stranger here, having
raced horses at Overland four years -ago.
He said last night that he brought but
three horses with him, leaving the re
mainder of his string on the Pacific Coast.
His visit to this, city, he said, was a bit
sudden. He explained that a friend of
his was coming here with- some horses,
and as the latter had room in his car for
three, extra ones he "slipped In three and
came along." ; Griffith says that if he does
not race his «:olts here he will stay in
Denver some time and then' enter them on
the grand circuit.. •
.¦¦•¦.¦ -. "~—~ "~~ "~~ /
¦ ] • The announcement of the wedding of
Charles L. Griffith, and Miss Adelaide M.
Beardsley at Denver came as a great sur
prise to the many friends of the couple
in this city. The bridegroom is the son
of the late Captain Millen Griffith, who
amassed a fortune here in the steamboat
business, in the early days.
Charles L.^ Griffith is one of the most
popular and well-known clubmen of this
city. He is. a member of the University
Club, and when the news of M% marriage
was received at the club last night a long
telegram of - congratulations was sent to
him by his friends.'
Griffith left here last Saturday with a
string of trotting horses, among them be
ing the promising colt Bonnie Direct," with
a record of 2 :05»4. He has a < magnificent
breeding establishment for. fast Horsea at
Pleasahton. which was built by his father
and whence some of the finest horses ever
bred In California were raised. He kept
the announcement of his^contempiated
marriage a profound secret.
[Griffith is a graduate of Tale and was
born in California. He devotes all. his time
to superintending, the estate of his late
father, t ¦ When not In San Francisco : lie
spends '; hiSj time at his stock farm at'
Pleasanton. , *» .
: Mi3s Beardsley was formerly employed
as a f saleslady at Nathan, Dorhmann &
Co.'s. The 'couple have be^n engaged £pr
more than a year and it Is rumored that
.the. wedding took place in Denver • owing
to the opposition to .the marriage by the
Griffith family. ' A ; ,
mission will probably refer the Question
to Washington.
The military authorities are on record
as opposed to recognizing the Sultan's
timber permits to public lands, as the
Forestry Bureau has collected taxes on
these lands. The population of Paragua
is estimated at 30,000. of whom 20,000 are
Moros.
• WASHINGTON, June 13.— General S. B.
M. Young visited the White House to-day
and bade the President good by. He left
here to-night for San Francisco, 'where
he will relieve General Shafter as com
mander of. the Department of the Pacific.
Coming to San Francisco to Take H*.s
Place as .General j Shafter's
Successor. .
GENEBAIi S. B. M. YOUNG
STARTS FOR THE COAST
CHETENNE. "Wyo., June 13.— Sharp'
nose, chief of the Northern Arapahoes of
the Wind River reservation, Js dead, apod
C6 years. He was considered one of the
most bloodthirsty Indians in the We3t,
and many murders have been traced to
him. Sharpnose is said to have been the
leading spirit in the recent difficulty wjth
the Indian i Agent at Fort Washakle.
He Was Considered One of the Most
Bloodthirsty Indians in the
CHIEF OF ABAFAHOES
DIES ON/' RESERVATION
The I«atter Is Wounded in the "Wrist
but Still in Fighting
PARIS. June 13.— A duel with swords
was fought to-day in the Pare des Princes
between Gerau'.t Richard, manager of the
Petile Republique. and Max Regis, the
anti-Semite Mayor- of Algiers. The latter
was wounded in the wrist. The quarrel
which led to the encounter grew out of
the recent duel of M. Regis with M. La
berdesque.
To-day closes the series of duels. The
others referred to In these dispatches of
June 9 have been averted by explanations.
M. Regis, who was wounded in the sec
ond bout, refused to shake hands with
Gerault Richard. Afterward the latter
remarked that he had offered his hand as
an act of courtesy. M. Regis replied:
"I do not care a rap for your politeness.
I only ehake hands, with those I like."
¦ A bystander rommentfd on the rudeness
of M. Regis, whereupon the latter wanted
to fight a. duel with him. Friends, how
ever, intervened.
EDITOR AND MAYOK
DUEL WITH SWORDS
DISTINGUISHED BRITISH, DIPLOMAT AND HIS WIFE, WHO WERE IN PEKING DURING THE GREAT CHINESE
BOXER' UPRISIXG AND THE SIEGE OF/THE LEGATIONS AND'wHO ARE NOW EN-ROUTE TO ENGLAND ON
A TRIP THAT COMBINES BOTH BUSINESS 'AND PLEASURE.
Destruction at Midnight of the'
Million-Dollar Hostelry
at West Baden.
INDIANAPOLIS (Ind.),
June 14-6 a. m.-The te!e
phone operator at Bedford,
Ind.,. at S:BO a. m. tele
phoned to the Sentinel that
he has information from
Orleans to j the effect that
the loss of life by* the burn
ing of the West Baden
Springs Hotel, at West
Baden, jiist after midnight,
is estimated at from 150
to 200.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June
14. — Telephone messages
from Salem t Ind., to the Jour
nal at 4 o'clock this morning
say the West Baden Springs
Hotel at West, Baden has
been destroyed by fire. Great
confusion prevails, and at this
time it cannot be stated
whether the fire was attend
ed by loss of life. The hotel
is the largest hostelry in In
diana, having some 700 or [
800 rooms and cost, $1,000,
000. The insurance will
amount to about $100,000.
Two Hundred Guests Are
Reported to Have
Met Death.
Special DiFpatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. June 13.-At a point
6.bcut one hundred yards this side of the
entrance to tunnel No. 6 on the narrow
gauge line to San Francisco and one mile
from Kelton a serious train wreck oc
curred a few minutes after 2 o'clock this
afternoon. Engineer James Stanley and
Fireman Henry Coyle were severely in
jured, but the fifty passengers in the cars
were not hurt.
The train consisted of seven coaches and
left the station about ten minutes late. It
was making up the lost time on the run
to Felton. After swinging around the
trestle curve before reaching the tunnel
the locomotive jumped the track and
bumped over the ties for nearly 100 feet.
Then It struck against the wall of granite
en the left side of the road and stopped
with a crash that shivered every part of
it? mechanism. The smokestack was car
ried away, projecting bowlders tore off
the roof of the cab and the tender, which
had become detached from the engine,
toppled into the gorge of the San Lorenzo
River, a hundred feet below. The for
ward trucks of the baggage car left the
rails end the front end and side of the
car were broken by contact with the
rocks. The passenger coaches remained
en the track.
Rescue of Injured Men.
The terrified passengers rushed to the
platforms of the cars in a state of panic,
and several had to be restrained from
leaping into the gorge. The train men
hurried to the engine and found Fireman
Coyle pinned down by the wheels of the
fcasrgafre car. It took twenty minutes to
extricate Mm. KIs leps were crushed, his
left eye was partially gouged out and he
was suffering from internal injuries. En
pir.eer Stanley, who was lying alongside
the engine, was also injured internally
nrd was bleeding from a deep scalp
v.oun<3. Dr. Mear^s of Philadelphia was
on the train, ana with the meager mate
rial at hand did all he could to alleviate
the suffering- of the men. Miss Kate
White of Oakland, who had been visiting
her aunt. Mrs. F\ W. Swanton, in Santa
Cruz and was returning home, did excel
lent service for the injured. She had her
trunk opened and tore up some of her
wearing apparel to make bandages.
Word was immediately sent to the pow
der works, two rr.i'.ep away, and for a few
hours about forty of the men were spared
from the works to clear the wreck. They
brought medical supplies and did much to
aid the injured trainmen. Dr. Morgan
and Dr. Knight of Santa Cruz were early
at the scene. While assisting: in the res
cue work H. Foster, a merchant of this
city, his hack.
Mystery About the Cause.
The cause of the ace'dent is not known.
Trackwalker Muthern declares that no
rocks had fallen on the railF. It is con
cert ured by some that the tender was so
heavily laden that in swinging around the
curve it swayed more than usual and iost
Its balance.
J. F. Maloney. United States mall clerk
on the wrecked train, considers himself
the luckiest man living. In an Interview
he stated:
"I noticed that we were going at an
tnusral speed for that part of the' road
and leaned out the Fide door to ascertain
the cause. Juct as I looked out we struck
the sharp curve at the south entrance of
tunnel No. <5. and the tender left the
track. I went tr. the opposite door with
the intention of jumping, and as I did so
the mail car shot past the tender. Had
I jumped I would have been instantly
crushed betw«<?n the mail car and the
tender."
The injured engineer and fireman were
conveyed to the Southern Pacific Hos
pital In San Francisco. At Glenwood they
were Joined by Fireman Coyle's father,
who accompanied them on the remainder
of their journey.
TWO KILLED IN COLLISION.
Passenger Train Crashes Into a
Double-Hcader Freight.
LOS ANGELES. June 13.— Two dead and
four injured is the result of a head-end
collision on the Santa Fe this morning
six miles rast of Williams, Ariz. The
dead are:
LEE PERKINS of Williams, fireman.
JAMES MOXAHAK of Winslow. fire
man.
. The injured are: M. M. Mlckles, Wins
low, chair car porter, arm badly bruised;
J. W. Cahart. Pullman conductor. Chl
cajro, wrist broken; C. H. Bludsall, fire
man, Eellgrr.an, Ariz., fractured bkull;
Charles Wood, engineer, Winslow, shcul
der wrenched.
The passenger train was going cast at
a lively rate when It crashed into a
double-header freight, wesbound. The
leading engine of the freight train was
badly wrecked- The cab was torn com
pletely away, but the engineer was un
hurt. Monahan f s body has not yet been
recovered from the debris. The other vic
tim* were taken to Williams, where the
injured are being attended to in the rail
road hofpitaL . , __
Tifty Passengers in Peril on the
Track Over the San Lorenzo
Eiver.
Engineer and Fireman Seri
ously Injured in the
Wreck.
Disaster on the Narrow
Gauge Railroad Near
Pelton.
ENGINE LEAPS
FROM RAIL
AT A GORGE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. June 13.— Prince Poniatowskl
of San Francisco has procured from the
Sultan of Jolo an absolute concession for
fifty years, ending with the year 1950, of
the island of Paragua. It Is reported the
Prince has formed a $10,000,000 company
and is making plans for a most thorough
exploitation of the timber, mining, rubber
and pearl industries of the island and the
development of its shipping. The' scheme
also embodies a plan for the building of
roads and harbor Improvements.
The representative of Prince Poniatow
&ki here, John Anthony, presented docu
ments to the Philippine Commission to
day and asked for an indorsement of the
plan. The question involves the agroe
ment "of General Bates w,ith the Sultan
and also the validity of the Sultan's juris
diction and authority, which occupied an
uncertain status with Spain and after
ward with the United States. The com-
Washington Officials Will Pass Upon
the Validity of the Extensive
Concession.
Prince Closes a Lease
With the. Sultan
of Jolo.
Forms a $10,000,000 Com
pany to Develop Various
Industries.
PONIATOWSKI
GETS ISLAND
OF PARAGUA
WED BEYOND
THE ROCKY
MOUNTAINS
Marriage of San Fran
ciscans Savors of
Elopement.'
; i- ' .
Miss Adelaide Beardsley Be
comes Charles Griffith's
Bride.
? . • , ¦
Groom Is a . Well-Known Young
' Clubman and Breeder of Fast
Harness Horses. ¦
Special Dispatch * to The Call.
DENVER, June 13.— Charles L. Griffith,
a horseman and- man about town of San
Francisco* and Miss Adelaide M. Beards
ley, also of the Golden Gate city, were
quietly married yesterday at the rectory
of St. John's Cathedral, Denver, by Canon
Grimes. Thereby hangs a tale, which as
told by Griffith savors of an elopement.
Griffith arrived in the city Tuesday and
registered at the Brown Palace; He reg
istered his wife also, although ' his wife
to-be was not with him. He says he left
San Francisco Sunday night a»week ago
with three horses, which he may race at
Overland. Miss Beardsley did not reach
this city," Griffith says, until yesterday
morning, when they took out the marriage
license,' visited Canon Grimes and were
Terrible Loss of Life
in Indiana Hotel
Fire.
HUNDREDS
PERISH IN
FLAMES
SAN FRANCISCO, JUNE 1^,^ 19011 j
VOLUME XC— NO. 14.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SIR CLAUDE MACDONALD DECLARES BOXER
UPRISING WAS CAU5ED BY THE AGGRESSIONS
OF FOREIGNERS AND ENMITY OF MANDARINS
West.
Mood.
The San Francisco Call
o-h-x-km :: i":"i"i"i":"i"i"i":-:-:-i- •MEMBER- OF PRESIDENT McKINLET'S CABINET WHO HAS BROUGHT
THE CUBANS TO TEF.MS AND IS NOW MOVING TOWARD THE
GRANTING OF THEIR INDEPENDENCE.
Sir Claude MacdonaM Is the son of the late Major General
J. P. Macdonald of the British army, and was born in India in
1SE2. He entered the army in 1S72 as a lieutenant of the famous
Seventy-fourth Highlanders and rose to the rank of major.
He took part In the Egyptian campaign and was at the battle
of Tel-el-Keber. He was mentioned In dispatches and received
th« Khedive's etar, the Queen's silver medal and clasp, in
Sir Claude and Lady Macdonald will leave for the East to
morrow and will visit the Buffalo Exposition. They will then
proceed to New York and sail for England, where the Minister
will spend his vacation and also attend to important aff-irs
of state. , ¦ ... •; .
of another uprising when the troops are withdrawn. There
may possibly be instance* of trouble, but they will not be on a
large or alarming scale. China has learned a terrible lesson
and Bhe will never again be guilty of such another grave mis
take as that of last year."
On one point Sir Claude was unwilling to talk, and that
Tras as to the future of China.
"As to. what the future of China will be." he said, "I am
unable to say."
1884 he served with the "Black Watch," taking part in '.the
Suakim expedition, and fought at El-Teb and Tamai. where he
was severely wounded. He obtained two clasps to his
Egyptian medal and was decorated with the order of . the
Osmanieh. ! He retired from the army in 1887 and was appointed
Consul General at Zanzibar. In 1888 he was sent as Commis
sioner to the west coast of Africa and took part in the nego
tiations in Berlin on the bounary question of: the Oil Rivers
Protectorate and the Cameroons. He then became Commis
sioner in the Oil Rivers Protectorate and adjacent native ter
ritories. - - . .
. In 1891 he was appointed Commissioner and Consul General
in the Niger Coast Protectorate and Consul of the Cameroons.
In 1SD8 he was created K. p. B. and K. C. M. G. . ; .«,
In January. 1S96, he was appointed Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary- at Peking. .During his term of
office he-obtained many concessions from the Chinese Govern
ment. He secured the opening of all inland waters of China
to navigation, whether. by foreign or native steam, vessels.
He also secured the assurance that no portion of the provinces
adjoining the Yangtseklangr Valley should be alienated to any
other power than England. To/Sir Macdonald is also duo the
fact that the Chinese Government pledged itself to maintain
a British subject as Intr-ector General of Maritime Customs
so long as Eritlsh trade exceeded that of any other power..^'. *
Sir Claude married in 1S92 Ethel, daughter of Major W
Cairns, Armstrong, widow of P. -C- Robertson- of .thB Indian
Political Service. ¦. -.»>•• ;-v \ .. V,-' 1 .;
Continued -from Page One.
Ex-Governor Pingree Very 111.
NEW •.••YORK, June 13.— Ex-Governor
Hazen S. Pingree of Michigan is very ill
in London.- .
When .the couple issued invitations for
their wedding a few weeks ago Miss Wood
mailed one to C. A. Peterson' of Mount
Aetna, Iowa.' Peterson is a wealthy farm
er of that place, which was formerly Mjss
Wood's home and where they/ grew up
together. Instead of writing congratula
tions to Miss Wood. Peterson took.- the
first train for J>adville. There was quite
a scene, when the two met at her home
here and the , result ? was ..nat former
pledges of love " were- renewed and Miss
Wood agreed to marry him. • . t
LEADVILLE. Colo. 1 , ,' June 13.— Mtes
Irene Wood, ' a well-known and pretty
school teacher of Leadville, who has for
several years taught in the Seventh-street
School, was to have been married next
Sunday nijrht to Jesse Irons, a prosper
ous young mining man of Aspen. Miss
Wood, however, eloped with a former
lover and was married and has gone to
her old home in Iowa to reside. . : i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Leadville Miner Learns
of His Fiancee's (
Elopement. •
FORMER LOVER
GETS THE GIRL
Carelessly Tosses Into a Crowd ah
Offer for Philadelphia Street
.V Railway Franchise. . .
PHILADELPHIA. June 13.— Carelessly
and without opening it- Mayor Ashbrldge,
while participating in the ceremonies of
opening the new mint, tossed into the
crowd a letter • containing an offer of
$2,500,000 to the city, made by John Wana
maker, a merchant of .th,is city, for the
street railway franchises which have been
passed ..by. the Council and which .are ap
parently ¦ to be handed over gratis ; to .the
Foedcrer-Mack companies.- Whether the
Mayor knew the nature : of the document
he treated so contemptuously. Is not-cer
tain, but apparently he.» did not care to
know the contents of the letter. It is In
timated that he. had been forewarned or
had an Intuition that it contained a dis
agreeable subject and so got rid of the
communication in the shortest possible
time. ' Before the communication was sent
to the Mayor there had, been deposited
with the real estate trust company as an
evidence • of good faith $250,000, or 10 p«r
cent of the amount offered. ."-- f .
Mrs. McKinley Steadily r Improving.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— Dr. Rlxey at
11 o'clock to-night' said: ' * ; •* ¦•• .-»
• "Mrs. • McKlnley' Is steadily improving
She passed . a . comfortable day and to
night is restlng-very. well. She sat up a
while to-day in a rolling chair.','
MAYOR THROWS AWAY
- A VALUABLE LETTER
His Duties. .
HONOLULU. June 7.— Governor Dole
has not yet left for the island of Hawaii.
His condition is much improved, but he
does not seem to have any immediate In
tention of resuming his public duties. Yes
terday, in the House of Representatives,
Mr. Emmeluth made, a strong protest
against recognizing In any manner, the
authority of Secretary Cooper as Acting
Governor. It is learned that the Home
Rule apprehension is that the executive
plan !s -to have the Legislature adjourn
under the existing status, so that Mr.
Cooper may continue indefinitely as Act
ing Governor, thus obviating, as the ex
ecutive party hones, the necessity of the
appointment by the President of a succes
sor to Mr. Dole.
The Grand Jury has finished its bribery
investigation and is now engaged on ordi
nary criminal business. Its report on the
bribery matter is. however, on the closed
files and will be until warrants are issued
—if indictments have been found.
¦ L. A. Thurston has indirectly given out
that, although he has purged himself of
contempt, he desires a determination of
the writ of habeas corpus in his case for
the principle of the thing. -The Chief Jus
tice has as yet made no sign In thatre
gard. ¦ . - . . « * ¦ .. • • ¦ . ¦ ., '. ¦¦
It is supposed that the Bar Associa
tion's committee is working on the
charges to be sent to Washington against
Judge Humphreys, but the matter no
longer - exoites public interest.: Largely
signed popular petitions are ready in the
Judge's favor to accompany the. charges.
He Has Not as Yet Shown an Inten
tion of Immediately Resuming
CONDITION OF GOVERNOR
DOLE IS MUCH IMPROVED
port and rraintenance as shall seem prop
er to the court.
Pullman is out of town and is reported
in extremely poor health. He is In care
of a nur6e and obliged to walk with a
of George M. Pullman and Mrs.
Blanche Bowers, -wife r of Frederick' V.
Bowers, the song writer and composer;
caused much tolk. Bowers sued for di
vorce and sued Pullman for $100,000.
MILLIONAIRE AND HIS WIFE WHOSE MARITAL TROUBLES HAVE;
supplied food for gossip and are now to be aired in a t
suit'for absolute divorce and alimony, ~.
BUND WOMAN
SAVES HUSBAND
Decrepit Squaw Acts
Heroically in Shasta
County.
Sl>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 13.-Roy
Baxter, aged 17 years, and May Green
lee f. who has seen nineteen sweet sum
mer?, have been lovers for several
months. When the subject of their mar
riage was broached to their parents the
latter strenuously objected. The young
people appeared willing to abide by the
decision of their elders, and little more
was thought of the love match outside the
charmed circle of the lovers. It now ap
pears to have been another case of love
rinding the way without troubling the
locksmith.
After taking a walk last night -the two
young people decided to outwit the stern
parents and this morning boarded an
<-arly train for Los Angeles, where they
Expected to procure a license and be mar
ried. The father of the prospective groom
learned of their plans late this evening
and immediately started to Los Angeles
for the purpose of preventing the union if
possible. The young man, being- under age.
may not be given the license unless it Is
obtained under false pretenses.
Yesterday Clarence Baxter, a brother of
Roy Baxter. In company with Belle An
derson, a petite brunette of 17 years,
eloped to Riverside, where the Rev. A. E.
Hawgood united them in marriage.
REDDING, June 13.— Although afflicted
with- blindness for years and old and de
crepit. Kate Fernondo, an Indian woman,
the common law wife of an invalid Span
iard living seven miles west of Redding,
had enough presence of mind last night to
tear her clothing off and jump into a near
by creek, thus saving herself from an aw
ful death by flre. : »
Despite her affliction the woman for the
past few years .has been better able to
work than her sick husband, and has
made a living for the two by gardening.
Last evening she attempted to burn dry
grass away from the vicinity of their
home. The fire got away from her, and in
her efforts to place it under, control she
set fire to her dress.
With a wild scream the blind woman
tore off all her clothing, and running to a
creek near by jumped into the water Ind
suffered only a few slight burns. A por
tion of the house was destroyed, but the
husband was not Injured. Fortunately
for him, the blind woman succeeded in
extinguishing the flames after she had
saved herself in the creek. The fire
burned for three -miles north and a mile
south, endangering numerous miners'
cabins, which were only saved by hard
effort. This morning the blaze was work-
Ing rapidly east toward town.
SIR CUUQE MACDONALD DICLARES BOXER UPRISING WAS CAUSED BY THE AGGRESSIONS ?DF FOREIGNERS
Romantic Elopement of
Boys and Girls in
it the South. •
Mrs. Blanche Bowers as co-respondent
and one "Minnie", as another guilty wom
an. Mrs. Bowers -Is -Accused of having
been unlawfully in Pullman's 'company in
Chicago and New York. The date of Min
nie's accusation .is on or about January.
1899. Mrs. Pullman adds that since the
last day of January* lS99 r : '_women whose
rame? she do?s not know were unduly
friendly with .Pullman at divers times
and places. He has refuted to contribute
to her support, although enjoying an in
come of more than $10,000 a year.
After saying sbe lived with her husband
from the time of her marriage, on Aug
•ust 16. 1S9S. to January 1, 1S99, she says
that on that date, with her husband's
consent, she visited her parents in Chi
cago. Later in the month her husband
refused to supply h«r- with- the necessa
ries of life and went io-Hot Springs, re
fusing to allow her to accompany him.
Since ¦? hen, she declares; he has refused
to allow her to resume her position as his
wife, and he has repeatedly violated his
marriage vows.
During the pendency of ;the divorce suit
Mrs. Pullman wants a reasonable amount
of money for alimony and solicitor's fees,
and at the final hearing she prays that
her husband be ordered to pay such addi
tional money for alimony and for her sup-
YOUNG LOVERS
OUTWIT PARENTS
WASHINGTON, June' 13.— It is
expected at the War Depart
ment that Cuban independ
ence will bo an accomplished
fact by next Christmas. The
next step in order, now that the Platt
amendment is. adopted by the constitu
tional convention, is for that body to take
up. and pass an electoral bill' which will
provide for the election of all the officers
necessary to. set up an independent gov
ernment in Cuba. It is said here that
such, a bill is already framed and is ready
for -Submission to. the convention at any
moment. There is good reason for the be
lief that Secretary Root has seen this bill
and has approved. of Its provisions, if, in
deed; he has not actually had to do with
its. construction. _ It is thought that the
convention can dispose of this measure
in a week or two and^hat wi}l complete
the labors of the body.
A. period of ninety days, it is said here,
must be allowed for publication of the
electoral act before the necessary elec
tions can be had. • . '
It may be necessary, and probably will be,
to maintain some United States troops in
Cuba" after the new officials are Inaugu
rated and until the Cubans have had time
to set up a Cuban military force. or gen
darmerie, but the length of this stay
cane. It is said he is suffering from loco
motor ataxia. None of the Pullman fam
ily would talk about tha case to-day. „ .
, For more than a year the doings of the
Pullmans have been a" source of com
ment. In the spring of 1900 the report
became current that Mr. and :Mrs. Pull
man had been divorced, though this was
denied by Mrs. Pullman. The association
Bloodhounds After Murderer.
EVANSVILLE, Ind., June 13.— Henry
Curry, a respected young colored, man,
was shot to death at Mount Verrion to
day by Louis Winn, another colored man.
The murder was cold-blooded. A posse
and bloodhounds are searching for, Winn
and his capture will mean a lynching. •
SHREVEPORT, La.. June 13.-TW0
city and its; vicinity have 'been in a state
of feverish excitement and unrest since
, Yesterday.- when John* Gray Foster, a
prominent planter, was shot and killed by
Prince Edwards, a negro employed on
Foster's plantation, five miles east of this
city. : Armed posses 'of white men'hava
been searching the country, for miles
around in an attempt to capture Edwards.
A .dozen or." more negroes are under'ar
rest in Kennebrew's store and what,
fate .to-night may have in store for 'them
is uncertain. Foster was widely known
and very popular. . He' was a brother-in
law .of Governor McMillin of Tennessee
. and belonged to one of the oldest families
i in this State.'- .' i ;
- 'There ; had ¦ been bad feeling for some
. time past between the negroes and;over
seers .on the. Foster plantation and Fos
ter was appealed to to settle the differ
ences. The planter started to see fhe ne
groes and upon reaching a negro cabin he
. was fired upon and killed. There were a
dozen or more negroes In the cabin and
they broke and. ran in all directions. The
.overseers^ were quickly joined by other
men ar.d it was not long. before all the
negroes^ were arrested, except Prince Ed
wards.who did the shooting:. .Posses were
quickly formed and Started on a hunt for
the negro, but as yet have made no fur
ther arrests.- . . . , •. . :; . .,
Prisoners ' "Will Be Whipped.
There • were many . wild rumors afloat
throughout the day. the most sensational
being that the negroes in Kennebrew's
store were in imminent peril - of be
ins lynched. This rumor proved to be un
true,, although many threats are heard
against the. negroes. The store .where the
negroes are confined is guarded by a posse
of twenty-five men armed with Winches
ters, and unless 'sentiment changes ' the
disposition to-night would indicate that
the majority if not all the prisoners will
| be let off with a thorough whipping. Ed
wards, if caught,- will be burned or
lynched.- ? .. , . • •.
There iSv'muoh feeling against "Prophet"
Smith and Edward Washington, both of
whom are under arrest. Smith is believed
to be at the bottom of the- trouble, while
Washington" is said to have been active In
aiding Edwards to escape. •¦¦¦ > . ' -
Governor Heard wired to-night to Sher
iff-Ward of Caddo Parish and Sheriff
Thompson of Bossier instructing them to
protect the negroes at all hazards. The
Governor commanded these Sheriffs to
call upon the citizens for aid. if necessary,
and promised military neip if the officers
required.it.; . . . • ¦
An attempt made to move the negroes
from Kennebecwas 1 store to Benton
proved, a failure. The guards. and their
prisoners had proceeded about a mile
when darkness overtook them and thoy
decided to return their prisoners to Ihe
store. The negroes preferred to take their
chances at Kennebecwas' store rather
than .face the danger of lynching on th'j
way to Benton.
:Victim's Sister Prostrated.'
MEMPHIS. Tenn.,' June 13. — Governor
Benton •, McMIUin and Mrs. McMillin
stopped over In- Memphis to-day en "route
from Nashville to Shreveport. where Mi :V
McMIllin's brother, John Gray • Fosier,
was killed yesterday. Mrs. McMillin De
nied hergelf v, to all. visitors. Just .before
leaving tb-n!ght for Shreveport Governor
•McMIUln" saj(l\he'had ftecei^ed no details
of the affair' beyond what had beenfpub
lishfd in the press report. '. ¦; \
"Mrs. McMillin," 'he continued, "is
standing the shock and. strain as well as
could be expected. The brother who was
killed was the youngest of the sons and
a most charming and lovable young man.
•While at the University of Virginia hft
had' such serious trouble with his eyes
that an operation was necessary. ¦ ¦ This
trouble prevented his pursuing his studies
for a professional career, and he returned
'home and entered his father's store. The
oldest brother was. the active manager
of the plantation, until his recent election
as a member of the State Railroad Com
mission, and then the youngest, over the
protest of his mother, last year assumed
the management." • • • •
Louisianians- Are Eager
to Avenge Murder
): of Foster.
Accomplices of Prince ;Ed
wards May Be, Let Off
With- a Whipping..
TORTURE AWAITS
NEGRO ASSASSIN
WIFE OF GEORGE M. PULLMAN SUES
FOR ABSOLUTE DIVORCE AND ALIMONY
Complaint Alleges That Her Millionaire Husband Has De
serted Her and Been Unfaithful to His Marriage Vows
and Names Mrs. Blanche • Bowers as Co-respondent
HICAGO. June 13.— The expected
(l has happened In the marital af
(l fairs of George M. Pullman. Mrs.
V^^ Lynn Pullman to-day filed suit
for absolute divorce and alimony
In the Circuit Court. She says her hus
band has deserted her and has not been
true to his .marriage vows, and names
Secretary of War Root Has Already, Given Approval to a
Bill Providing for the Election of Officers Necessary
to Set Up a Government of Their Own on the Island
INDEPENDENCE IN SIGHT FOR CUBANS
NOW THAT THEY HAVE MET DEMANDS
Professor Jordan Beaches Honolulu.
'
HONOLULU, June 7. —President David
Starr Jordan of Leland Stanford Uni
versity arrived on the 5th lnst. from San
Francisco to conduct a study of the fish
that Inhabit the Inland waters of the Ha
waiian IslanUa. the worlt being- prellm
inary to the extension of the work of the
Fish Commission of the United States. In
his party were J. N. Cobb, C. B. Hudson,
E. L. Goldsborough and A. H. Baldwin.
probably will depend upon, the wishes of
the Cubans themselves.
2
ADVEHTISEJIENTS.
iSiiiliilillililHfi MAM-M-MAI!
8S™ DONT Y0U HEAR BABY CRY?
Do you Wet.that summer's coming with
fHSi Hi 1 1 aU it3 dangers to the little ones— all troubles
f&\ (I I bred in the bowels.
\Ptr\sT If ' Tk e summer's heat kills babies and little
4U&1 ' ck&ta* 1 because their little insides are not in
tw^^^^^^^lll %°°d> clean, strong condition. <
ZV^^^^ftl li Winter has filled the system with b'Ae.
/*WfekJL^- J / belching, vomiting up of sour food, rash,
/> i^^ 'V flushed skin, colic, restlessness, diarrhoea or
r^ T^PICi ;/ constipation, all testify that the bowels are out
j/yd&SsS^p \ ou wan * t^ c little ones to face the coming dangers with-
JBjV Kl§E&5%!y'i ft I' Oot anrious f ear * Of tkcfr lives, see that the baby's bowels ars
"^Lf • ZS^^^M II I' £ cn *ly» soothingly, but positively cleaned out in the spring tons,
J \£%&W&m 1 1 H and made strong and healthy before hot weather sets in,
ZsAS$$mW^ ' "I The only safe laxative for children, pleasant to take (they
gflgs|8<£p&iJiffij|g^ ask for more) is CASCARETS. Nursing mothers make their
.. ¦aaesBfafatiOP*'^ mife xnildly purgative for the baby by eating: a CASCARET
t x^ -I-. . T o ,v now *"*<* tiietu Mama cats a CASCARET, baby gets the
benefit. Try 1 it! Send for a JOc box of CASCARETS to-day and you will find that, as we
guarantee, all irregularities of the little and big childrens insides arc
LIVER TOINIG
all nPTTre!CTg^^-«JaBMLyj| |fr jflB p.a. rT 3W*-^ p '^ SOT n IN R
i'-'i-i. ' "v :^ Z^'—' • • . ¦ vvLl^ liH DULIv (
fllinr J* 11 b °wer trouble*, appendicitis, bll- All fl n I HITPETn Tocrsr. FiT«y«. r ..T,
I . 1 1 K h lou »n««»«» »>»d breath, bad blood, wind P H ft U A M L X. I l h £ J 1 "* box ° r tASCA&. <
UUtlL on th e "tomach, bloated bowels, foul Ililflnillfllrrll E 7.*r W > M '?m' " "
. !Ti « m . ontl V»»«*daclie,lndlae«tloii, pimples, UUnilflll I ULU 2ISJ ¦ I £J£2i ot «JX xe- tk''
t *&. UTM> tro £ b k« Hjow complexion .„»„., .edletae la the wrl*. .'tSV. iT^bSfntot^o"^ %4
and dizziness. When your bowel* don't move resn- K re»t merit, nnd «nrt>«*t testimonial. We h»T<Tfalth lad - ."
larly you are getting sick. Constipation kills more 1 win Nil cascakets absolutely tnarMteed to euro or
People than all other \ diseases -together. 'It Is a moneir refandeji. 6o bay today, *w* OOe boxea. cl-re then a, .• \'
, } starter Tor the chronic ailments and lonrr year* of *- tmir, bon«t trial, mm stl >>J>Ie «»r«etloa«. and If yon art •
suffering that come afterwards. No matter. what \V^aS£*JSSV^Z ™ i &%Si r lV**£3£?™l 9 ?$5?« '
»«¦ you, start taking CASCARETS to-day, for you who m Tyo« puS Swd Tfc rswS cet^ar »o^t hSffiwi! ,
1 « n V rer * e JL wel 1 1 * nd bo we . n a" «He tVme until ~™*Ki%£jgJr£. V
" yo . U » pu i y onr fcow'ds rlsht* Take opr advice; start day. Health will quickly follow and yon will bl<-». th« day • *~
. with CASCARETS to-day, under an absolute Kuar- • TJ?*™*^KD e .1^ e SS^V^ ll8CABET ®- »«.kfreeD7ma2: -
r\ antee to eure or money refunded. .' r- ?' . > . 4M . . lddreu:. STEUUXG BEUEDY CO. f ->EW YORK or CHll'ltiO. • - -ALTURAS, June 13.— Nothing developed
to-day in the case of the Modoc lynching.
The Grand Jury excused several witnesses
In order that they might' go to Lookout
and protect their families from the In
dians. The Indian scare is dying out and
r.o serious trouble is expected.
No Danger Now From Indians.
LOS ANGELES, June 13.— Thirteen
statesmen who help to guide the destinies
of the nation. spent a few hours at San
to-day on their tour of Inspection
of the big breakwater and the inner and
outer harbors. Four members of the Riv
ers and Harbors Committee were absent
when a special train over the Southern
Pacific Railroad pulled out of the Arcade
station for San Pedro at 9:30 o'clock.
The inspection, party was composed of
Theodore E. Burton of Cleveland, Ohio
chairman: Walter Reeves of Streator, 111
Roswell P. Bi.shop of Ludington, Mich :
Erne F. Acheson of Washington Pa ¦
Page Morris of Duluth, Minn.; De Alva.
S. Alexander of Buffalo, N. Y.; Thomas
H. Tongue of Hillsboro, Or.; George P
Lawrence of North Adams, Mass. ; James
H. Davidson of Oshkosh, Wis.; Rufus E
Lester of Savannah, Ga.; James H. Bank
head of Fayette.s Ala.; Philip D. McCul
loch of Marlanr.a, Ark. ; Albert S. Berry
of Newport, Ky.; Frank- H. Hitchcock,
chief of the bureau of foreign markets of
the Department of Agriculture; J W
Hencke, secretary to Chairman Burton'
and Lyman M. Ellis, secretary to the
Rivers and Harbors Committee. A dele
gation of business men and members of
the Chamber of Commerce, accompanied
the visiting Congressmen.
Arriving at San Pedro the members of
the party were. taken by rail out to the
point where work is under way on the
breakwater. The big steam derrick and
a score of workmen were unloading rock
at the time of the arrival , of the party
and continued operations during its stay
in order that the Congressmen might
clearly understand how the work is per
formed. Captain. Meyler explained the
character and extent. of the work yet to
be performed. He said that 28,000 tons of
rock were dumped into ¦ the breakwater
during May. This month the contractors
expect to dump 35,000 tons into the work.
Captain , Meyler explained that this ' will
meet . the requirements of the contract
with the Government. To all appear
ances the work is progressing as rapidly
and satisfactorily as could be. expected.
Many of the members of-* the Con
gressional committee expressed surprise
at the magnitude of the. undertaking.
Leaving the breakwater, steam launches
were boarded for a trip through the inner
harbor. During the trip about the inner
harbor Chairman Burton dictated to his
secretary frequent impressions of things
that attracted his attention. In -fact,
throughout the entire trip the chairman
kept his stenographer by his side and con
tinued to dictate to him page after page
of notes. The only time that Congress
man Burton actually ceased his- labors
was when he sat down to luncheon in the
Brighton Beach Hotel. .'
Concluding the trip about the inner har
bor the members of the party boarded
the steamer 'Falcon and were taken for a
trip about the outer harbor, passing tho
breakwater and "starting on the return
Journey nearly opposite ' Point Firmin.
This trip gave the members- of the board
a splendid opportunity to view the break
water and to take observations of the ex
tent and character of the • operations.
Congressmen Inspect the
Breakwater Near Los
Angeles.
VIEW THE WORK
AT SAN PEDRO
est degree of happiness and success in
life. While In a most interesting part of
his discpurse the electric current was cut
off and every light in the house went out,
total darkness prevailing. Dr. Dickinson
proceeded with his sermon but a few mo
ments when some lady in the gallery came
to his rescue by starting in a clear dis
tinct voice the old tune, "There Is Sun
shine in My Soul."
The audience quickly joined In. as did
also the orchestra as soon as they,coald
find their instruments in the darkness,
and three hymns were sung before the
lights were again turned on.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF COMMITTEES THAT HAVE CHARGE OF
IMPORTANT WORK. AT THE CONVENTION OF THE CHRISTIAN
ENDEAVOR SOCIETY AT SANTA ANA. i
SANTA ANA, June 13.— The four
teenth annual convention of the
California Christian Endeavor
Union opened here to-nig-ht, meet
ings being held in both the Meth
odist and Episcopal churches and the
Grand Opera-house, in order to aeeommo
date the great crowds of delegates and
their friends. Both houses were packed,
standing room at the opera-house being
at a premium.
J. M. Warren of Santa Barbara, presi
dent of the State Association, opened the
convention after a selection of music bv
the Congregational Orchestra of Los An
geles. He assured the residents of Santa
Ana and Orange County that there was
no doubt in his mind as to the welcome
that awaited the visitors from all over
the State when he arrived in the city and
saw how the local Endeavorers were pre
paring to receive their guests; that their
hearts were gladdened upon arrival to be
met with inspiring music and warm
hearts.
The Rev. Frar.cis W. Reid, ex-secretary
of the California Christian Endeavor
Vnion. invoked God's blessing upon the
convention and the orchestra followed
with "The Convention March."
Mis? Jessie G. Flood, president of the
local Endeavor committee and second vice
president of the State Union, welcomed
, _.,, , . ,,. „ .
*g?% 1&«§1& ST cTufo^ia^anT Us
people and how they never did anything
by halves.
Dr. C. A- Dickinson, organizer of the
second Christian Endeavor convention
held in the State of Maine, but at present
a trustee of the United Society at Sacra
mento, delivered the convention sermon,
which was a scholarly effort. His text
was "Christ in you the hope of glory," and
in the three-quarters of an hour which
he occupied he made plain to his audl
ence the necessity of striving to live bet
ter lives in order to bring about the great-
CHINESE POUR
OVER THE LINE
A Startling Increase in
Smuggling in the
Northwest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. June 13.— After a
week of investigation at the boundary
line Chief Inspector Dunn of the Immi
gration Department on the Pacific Coast
has decided to recommend that special
commissioners be sent out from Washing
ton to take steps toward stopping the
enormous a.mount of unlawful smuggling
of Chinese and goods across the boundary
line into the United States.
There are at the present time only four
inspectors to guard as many hundred
miles of territory, and the object of the
special commission to go into the matter
will be to arrange a proper patrol sys
tem and make suggestions to the Govern
ment for the guarding of the Mexican
border as well as the one at British Co
lumbia. Dunn says that Chinese turn up
in California who have been shipped in
bond through Vancouver to Mexico, hav
ing broken through the southern bound
ary.
Inspector White, who has been here for
some time under Commissioner Healey,
acted as Dunn's assistant in making the
investigations. He has just made the ar
rest of two Italians and a third man who
had hired them in Canada to work on
railroads in Washington State. They
were the first of a large number to go
through and the whole gang was effect
ively stopped. The inspector was dis
guised as a rancher and held the party up
at the point of a revolver, ¦which was the
only chance he had of capturing them.
Commissioner White says that the Chi
nese go across the line all the time, and
most of those who land in Vancouver
eventually make their way through to
California. There are from 100 to 200 land
ed here by every steamer and the number
in Vancouver does not grow large. The
officers also say that with Chinese them
selves and Oriental goods a large smug
gling business is carried on between here
and Puget Sound cities. The officials even
have information that the smugglers have
retained one of the best lawyers in the
city to advise them and keep them posted
on the operations of the authorities as
well as to protect them if they are
pounced upon. There is but one revenue
cutter in the local service and officials
state there is little chance of catching tho
offenders under present conditions..
It Is also the intention of Dunn to-«sk
the Washington authorities to endeavor
to solve the problem by handling it with
Dominion Government officials. The ille
gal traffic at the boundary has reached
such a serious state that it is almost
equally to the Interest of both countries
that something should be done.
BUSY DAY FOR SURGEON
AT SANTA ROSA HOME
Accident Follows Accident "With Sur
prising Rapidity at the Resi
dence of the Chartrands.
SANTA ROSA, June 13.— Three acci
dents occurred at the home" of A. E.
Chartrand in this city to-day. In the
morning a scaffold on which a young man'
was engaged in lathing a ceiling col
lapsed and he had his ankle sprained. At
noon little Mario Chartrand lost a portion
of the middle tlnger of her left hand by
having it caught under a- saw in the yard,
and this afternoon a carpenter named
Thompson fell from a scaffold and was
badly bruised. A surgeon has been called
three times since morning. ¦
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
¦ OF THE PACIFIC SLOPE
Army Officers Ordered to Appear for
Examination at Presidio for
Promotion.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— Postofflces es
tablished : Calif ornia— Athlone, Merced
County; order discontinuing same re
scinded.
"Washington — Newskal, Chehalis County,
Martha N. Powell Postmaster; Potlatch,
Mason County, Lewis K. Munson, Post
master; Tolcr, Douglas County, Miliner
M. Toler Postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned: Oregon-
Frank B. Brandon, Merrill. Appointed:
California— William F. Holt, Imperial. San
Diego County, vice William T. Hefferman,
resigned; Stella M. Green. Preston, Sono
ma County, vice Warren Green, deceased;
C. A. Rasmusaen, Lotus, El Dorado Coun
ty, vice •¦A. W. Norris, resigned.
Oregon — D. A. Fitzgerald, Sans Valley,
Jackson County, vice William E. Stacey,
resigned; .George Brumbough, Castle
Rock, Morrow County, vice N. E. Wilson,
resigned. ¦ •
Washington— Inez Joslyn, Equality,
Skagit County, vice J. B. Ault, deceased;
C. C. Dodge, Lebam, Pacific County, vice
A. Shore, removed; C. A. Blatt, Molson,
Okanogan County, vice W. F. Schuyler,
resigned.
Army orders: Colonel William P. Du
vall. Major James A. Shipton and Captain
Herbert N. Royden ordered before the ex
amining bqard at the Presidio, "San Fran
cisco, for examination for promotion.
The following pensions were Issued to
day: California: Renewal and increase —
Martin L. Holcom, Downey. $12. Original
widow— Sarah Armstrong, San Diego, $12.
Oregon: Increase— Oliver B. Hamar,
Summit, $8; Ottomar Zistelius, Sellwood,
$12. ¦
Washington: . Renewal— John WylHe,
Olympla. $12. Increase— R. Huston,
Blaine, $17.
. |
Petaluma High School Graduates.
PETALUMA, June 13.— To-night at Tur
ner Hall a class of twenty was graduated
from the Petaluma High School. Appro
priate exercises marked the commence
ment. The graduates were: Literary and
social course— Misses Lena L. Hunt. Flo
rence E. Atkinson, M. Grace Barlow,
Crystal Harford. M. Gretchcn Rost, Hes
ter "M. Hunt, Edith Pearl Houx, Mary
Bertha Hays, Eva May Dean. Clyde E.
Healy and Romildo E.' Perlnonlf commer
cial course— Misses Mary L. Canepa, An
nie L. Sargent. Minnie Fredericks, Leona
E. Schuler, .Ella : E. Fischer, Emma A.
Stevens, Nellie C. Knowles, Emma A.
Steffes and J. Walter Foster.
The term just closed ends the principal
ship of Professor Wilbur J. MacNell In
the local schools. He has accepted a po
sition In the Redlands High School.
Crushed by a Drilling Lathe.
PETALUMA, ' June 13.— W. M. Mat
thews, a blacksmith, employed in the ma
chine shops of Zartman & Co. In this city,
was caught in a drilling lathe to-day and
had a narrow escape with death. He was
drilling a tire.- when his clothes became
entangled in the machinery and he was
drawn under the drill. He was torn and
lacerated about, the body before the ma
chinery could be stopped.
Aaron Turner, a farmer of Tomales, fell
from his wagon- after leaving here thla
afternoon on his way home and received
injuries , that may cause his death. His
team ran away while he was arranging
his load on the wagon.
Petaluma Gets the Cannery.
PETALUMA; > June 13.— Petaluma has
pecured the Rose cannery. This evening
Rose and Suydaln signed an - agreement
with the Board of Trade. The company
will erect a large building on city lots in
Petaluma and the Board of Trade and cit
izens will give a bonus of $2500.- The can
nery will employ 250 persons. - -' -
Oust Bees but Burn a Church.
v LOS ANGELES, June 13.— The Dun
kards' church at Covlna was destroyed
by fire early yesterday . morning. .* The
origin of the fire was peculiar. A swarm
of bees had domiciled themselves in the
sacred edifice and a small, fire designed to
smcke out the intruders destroyed- the en
tire building. •- ' :«?'.;
Masons to Meet at Tacoma.
, TACOMA,; June. 13.— Tacoma was again
selected as- the i place for the next annual
meeting of the. Masonic Grand ¦¦ Lodge at
the final meeting -to-day:, Henry I. Ken
nan of 1 Spokane was elected, grand mas
ter. -_.'¦ ? . '¦ • . "-.'.'¦" ¦. ¦ ;
The man who never looks up Is a rank
failure when It comes to lifting up.
does not aspire to
tee Governorship
Mayor Johnson of Cleveland Is Con
tented to Remain Mayor for
the Next Two Tears;
HAMILTON, Ohio, June 11-The Dafly
Democrat this evening published the fol*
lowing dispatch in reply to statements
that ex-Congressman Tom I* Johnson
would accept the Democratic nomination
for Governor:
CLEVELAND, O., June IS.— Thtx* la abso
lutely no truth In the statements referred to.
I would decline the nomination. I would re
fuse to s«rv» If elected. Is that strong enough?
Nothing on earth could 'cauae m« to break
my contract as Mayor with the people ot Cleve
land for the next two years.
TOM I* JOHNSON.
held an Inquest this morning upon the »?
mains 'of Thomas Graham, a conductor
on the North Pacific Coast Railroad, who
was accidentally killed at Lngunltas sta
tion late yesterday afternoon. The evi
dence given at the Inquest went to show
that the boxcar on which Graham was
riding left the rails and ho jumped. The
track was In good condition. The Jury
exonerated the engineer and fireman from
all blame.
The railroad company will bury the re
mains at Howards to-morrow. The de
ceased was a native of California, aged
37. years.- " •
Jury at Point Reyes Hears Testimony
in the Casa of Thomas
Graham.
POINT REYES. June 13.-Coroner Eden
DEATH OP CONDUCTOR .
NO FAULT OF RAILROAD
NEW YORK, June 13.— Dlpatches were
received here to-day from Miami, Fla,,
saying that Henry M. Fiagler had brought
suit for divorce under .the new Florida
law making insanity a ground for such
separation.
Mr. Flagler. according to the dis
patches, arrived in Miami on Monday,
June 3. With him were Judge Minor S.
Jones of the Seventh Judicial District of
Florida and Judge George P. Raney of
Tallahassee. Judge ' Raney was sponsor
for the new law making insanity a
ground for divorce. Soon after their ar
rival notice, of Flagler's Intention to ap
ply for divorce from his wife, ' Ida I A.
Flagler, was posted on the door of the
Dade County Courthouse and published
in the Miami papers.
Mrs. Flagler has been In Dr. MncDon
aid's Pleasantvllle Sanitarium more than
two years. It* is said she lives like a
princess. Her husband Is the richest man
In Florida. Ho is one of the heaviest
stockholders In the Standard Oil Company
FALLING HAY BALE KILLS;
A FOUNTAIN QBOVE MAN
Ray Clark, One of the Proprietors of
the Sonoma County Institu
tion, Dead.
SANTA ROSA, Juno 13.-Ray B. Clark,
one of the proprietors of the famous
Fountain Grove Vineyard Company,"
whose property is located near Santa
Rosa, was accidentally killed this after
noon while storing hay In one of the vine
yard company's barns. Clark was direct-
Ing the work of placing the hay in one of
the upper stories when one of the bales,
weighing several hundred pounds, was re
leased before it could be securely placed
and rolled down. It struck Clark on the
head. He was rendered unconscious and
died shortly afterward from the effects
of his Injuries. Clark was about CO years
old and a native of New York. He was
widely known and was wealthy.
and ranks high in wealth among New
York capitalists. His insane wife was
Ida Shrouds, daughter of a Philadelphia
clergyman and an actress. Flagler mar
ried her in 1883, before he had amassed
millions. She was poor. In 1899 she was
declared a victim of chronic insanity and
committed to the sanitarium.
It is said Flagler spend- $1000 a month to
keep his wife in the luxury In which she
lives at the sanitarium. The story goes
that every night the demented woman
adorns herself, expecting a visit from her
husband. He used to visit her frequent
ly at the sanitarium, but she exhibited no
sign of recognition of him.
This Is the second time recently that
the Standard Oil man's- name has been
before the public. He Is defendant In a
suit In the Supreme Court, the plaintiff
being E. C. Foote. who demands J10O.00O
damages for the alienation of the affec
tions of his wlfo Helen. In the same court
Mr. Foote has brought suit, for divorce
from his wife. He name* us co-respond
ents Henry' M. Flakier. John H. Maiden
and J. O'Bannon. Mrs. Foote married
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Quarrel followed quarrel between Mr.
and Mrs. Foote and It was only a short
time after her parents cam* to New York
that Helen returned to live with th«m.
She had previously become acquainted
with Maiden, and It Is now said she waa
Influenced In leaving her home by the In
fatuation which sh« had for him.
The woman whose affections Flagler la
alleged to have alienated from her hus
band is about 2S years old. Her beauty
of face and figure cannot be denied. She
has had a host of admirers; her toilets
have created a sensation In Paris and
London as often as In New York.
Maiden had Ions been an admirer of
Mrs. Foote-O'Bannon, from whom he re
ceived favors, one of which brought him
$20,000 and a suit to recover an additional
sum of J1S.S6S from Flakier. Maiden
served six months In the Tombs and he
loudly asserts the law was perverted for
the purpose of bringing about his humilia
tion.
Mr. O'Bannon after obtaining a South
Dakota divorce, the validity of which is
now attacked.
Standard Oil Magnate Would Be Freed From the, Unfortu
nate Woman Upon Whom He Has Lavished Wealth
During Incarceration in a Rrivate Sanitarium in Florida
DEVOTE LIVES
TO INCURABLES
Seven Catholic Women
Earn the Cross of
Calvary.
? —
Consecrate Themselves to
Services in Aid of Can
cer Victims.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 13.— Archbishop Cor
rlgan has bestowed tho decoration of the
Cross of Calvary upon seven women
prominent in the good works of the "Ro
man Catholic Church in' New York. The
order of the Dames de Calvare has here- I
tofore not been represented In. this coun- j
try, except by Mrs. Anna Blount Starrs,
who spent flf teen months in the Brus
sels house of the order. The new mem
bers will serve in the house of Calvary,
which Mrs. Starrs founded last year for
the care of poor women afflicted with In
curable cancer and kindred diseases.
The new members are Mrs. Thomas
Francis Meagher, Mrs. S. Goston Uall
ieff, Mrs. George liecker, Mrs. -Callxte
Hnrvier, Mrs. Joseph J. O'Donohue, Mrs.
Thomas Howard Peterson and Mrs. Sarah
A. Carroll. Mrs. Meagher 1b the presi
dent of the house and Mrs. Balltett the
vice-president. Mrs. Starrs Is the
mother superior. The order Is a' secular
one. . -
Their vow was that of consecration to
the work of alleviating human suffering.
They do not renounce the world. Cer
tain members of the order visit the house
daily. They wait upon patients and
wash their wounds. To do this they are
obliged first to take a course of In
struction from nurses of the cancer hos
pital.
Mrs. Peterson, who Is a member of the
prominent Peterson family of Phlladel
phlu, is the only new member of the or-
Oev who has as yet acquired this ability.
Only widows are admitted to the order,
which was founded in France by Mme.
Gamier.
The ceremonies attendant on the con
ferring of the decoration took place at
the Perry-street house on "Wednesday,
when also Archbishop Corrlgan blessed
an addition to the house, which has been
bought through contributions given by
wealthy Catholics to Mrs. Starrs.
Fathers Myhan and O'Flynn assisted
the Archbishop, who wore a white stole
sent by the mother of the house in Lyons,
France. The altar in the chapel will be
covered with linen from the same house.
When the alterations . are made the !
house will accommodate twenty-five pa- ,'
titnts. As they are incurable, they are
not received at regular hospitals, and |
such institutions as this are their only
refuge. Mrs. Catherine Dell, a trained j
cancer nurse from the cancer hospital, Is.
regularly in attendance on the patients.
MILLIONAIRE HENRY M. FLAGLER
SEEKS DIVORCE FROM INSANE WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,f FRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1901.
Lights Are Accidentally Extinguished at the Convention of
the California Society in Santa Ana and Then Inspiring
Songs Resound in the Large and Crowded Auditorium
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS SING HYMNS
WHEN SUDDEN DARKNESS SHROUDS THEM
the delegates in behalf of the nlneteen
one committee and local Endeavorers, and
J. W. Ballard, Judge of the Superior
Court of this county, welcomed them on
behalf of Orange County. The Rev. J.
II. Cooper ¦welcomed them on behalf of
the churches of the county, and last but
not least In point of interest was the wel
come of little Dorothy Choate, the flve
year-old child of Mr. and Mrs. W. A.
Choate of this city. Dorothy lisped the
welcome "In Jesus' Name,"
These addresses of welcome were warm
ly responded to by the Rev. Frank Abram
Hovell of Oakland, who assured the resi
dents of Santa Ana and Orange Counly
that the delegates from all over the State
knew by the hospitable manner In which
they had been received that they were
3
Good talkers are plentiful but good list-
eners are hard to find.
Money for Mothers
Children's suits for less
than half usual prices '
These suits are actually selling for less than one-half of what they were intended "to
sell for. i m
They are sample suits from E. J. Adler & Co., N. Y., manufacturers, . and were made
up to represent Adler's regular goods.
We bought the entire line for 40c on the dollar^ wholesale, and are selling them to you
for the same proportionate reduction. Buy now- 1 - save over one-half. - -. •? * " /
We have divided the suits into three lots — here are the absolute values:
Lot No. 1 contains suits Lot No. 2 comprises suits Lot No. 3 represents suits
worth $4,00 and $5.00, which worth $5.50 and $6.50, which worth $7.00 and $8.50, which
will be sold for . will go for are marked to sell at
$1.95 $2.95 $3.95
' Suits can be had in Norfolk, Russian blouse, sailor, vestee or two-piece styles. Money
back in every instance ; .f you are not thoroughly satisfied. Exchanges cheerfully made.
Above suits are for anybody usually paying from $4.00 to $8.50 for a suit. Below we
mention some specials for those who generally pay from $1.75 to $2.50 for boys' suits:
Sailor Suits of blue cheviot | Vestee Suits in striped wor- Sailor Suits in flannels and
with red, white or black sou~ steds, being swell patterns that cheviots, in neat patterns of
tache trimmings, ages 3 to 10 are neat and^ dressy, excep- stripes and plaids, ages 4 to 12
years, special at tional value at years, value $2.50, special at
95c $1.35 $1.35
Box of fireworks free with every boy's suit up to July 4th.
Union=Made Clothing for Men
We manufacture our ready-to-wear clothing in our own light, airy, clean and health'
ful workshops, employing. union labor exclusively, because it is the best in the world. We thus
procure the most skillful workmanship, but it doesn't, cost you any more, for we save the mid- !
See bur union-made blue serge suits arid covert top coats at $7.50 and trousers for
See the goods in our " m k- T A /^"V : /f\ 9T^k t& ; O u t>°f-t own orders'
i windows, come ln v^«/\|» Ww/1 li II I JVi M M \ mied * Wrlta us for
I sea them at ; close \J I "Ull/Vl/ U/ B II * anything In eloth-
' range — don't need "^ ¦ ¦£ '¦¦? .¦,"-•¦ - w v • ¦ ¦¦ - 'T \^ . - > ,
tb buy unless you '.'¦•¦'."'¦"¦* -''''''.-^'^ ¦ - t - v' In?, furnishings or
I choose to; ; \ . T 18 Market Street, r hats.
B— — w , ;j ; - , .... .. , - ¦.. ... T*
i^^p^ JT Jf er y to the market before pin
m&JJ^M* jt» s half fermented. Drink Ud
"g^jfrf it and it ferments in your Kgi
¦ stomach, and the result is Bg
WjtfT'jif m biliousness and headache. HmjI
jd^^dfff^^^^mm^^^^S Fermentation is cxpen- Hffl
pps sive. It requires immense K§|
FrjU refrigerating rooms (ours Bfg
mm hold 265,000 barrels) and an even temperature of 34 W\M
W!fM degrees. Fermentation is a process of months. Hj
HB No green beer ever leaves the V&9
U[m Schlitz brewery. If you wish to Bjjffi
bjB be certain of an aged beer, get iw/^^i^ Pv/f
KS Schlitz, the beer that made y\LI^SlTffi^i& MB
P*f.I 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood &Sher- l&m^^P KhisB
K/lvi wood, 212 Market St., San Fraocisco • UrVsjTO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
To-day and to-morrow, $2.50 ladies',
misses* and children's shoes for 50c a pair
at the' bankrupt shoe sale of the Calif or-
Ua, 1506 Market £t., above City Hall ave.»
To Tour Interest.
.The hearing of the petition for the dis
tribution ' of , the personal property of I the
estate of the late James 1 G. Fair and of
Mrs. Craven's petition for a transfer has
been - postponed by Judge Troutt to • June
25."'-; - ; \- -r r r: -¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ - ,-v *, .¦¦- ¦- •>' ¦'¦ \ y .'* ;¦'¦
Mrs. Craven's Petition Goes Over.
Petition in Insolvency.
Wilh'elmina. B. Jones- of College Park,
Santa Clara County, filed a petition in In
solvency yesterday in the United . States
District Court She owes $4077 and has no
assets. •
. The Federation of Improvement . Clubs
of "Western' San Francisco meets to-night
at. Mowry's -Hall, Grove and Laguna
streets. The object of the meeting, is to
formulate. a protest against, the ordinance
passed to 1 print by the Board, of Super
visors removing all limitations' on -the
height of buildings. >*,'.. • .
Mass-Meeting Called.
Fire Tiepartinent Thanked.-
' PHILADELPHIA. June 13.— The score:
. Clubs— ' . . R. H. E.
Milwaukee'. 0-. 2 : 0
Philadelphia ..: ......V „. « 9 3
Batteries— Garvtn. Hastings. Connor and Ma
loney; Plank and Powers. . ¦
BOSTON. June 13.— Score: ' • . ,
Clubs— r. h. E.
Boston .'. ......: 6 13 3
Detroit — : ..; u. .14 4
Batteries— Lewis and Schreck; Miller and
Shaw. ; „: - . . ._ . > ¦ •¦
Colonel Glrard's appreciation of the
work of the San Francisco Fire Depart
ment at the fire at the Presidio has been
expressed, to Fir© Chief \ Sullivan in the>
following letter: N , . ; ,.* *
, ¦.* ' •< ¦ .' ' June' 12. .1901
Chief of Fire Department." San Francisco.
CaL— Sir: I beg to express to you the 1 gratitude
of the medical department for the prompt and
skillful manner In which- your department man
aged tho fire at the General Hospital..- J am
satisfied that without your help all the build-
Ings would now be in 'ashes. Please express
my thanks to the chiefs, who during those Ions
hours fought the conflagration, and ••through
them to your faithful firemen. Very respect
fully yours. ' 4 n . A; C. GIRARD.
Lieutenant Colonel. - Department Surgeon Gen
eral, United States Army. Acting Chief
Surgeon. ¦ • . . • ,...•-.
2597. SECOND RACE — One and three six
teenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and up;
purse, $300. •
Index -Horse, Wt, Jockey*. ' St. .%.' Str. ; Fin.
2592 Burdock, 4. 107 Hoar 2 2 H 2 % 11
2571 Einstein, 6,-107...Basngr 5 3 h 4 5 2 1
<2549)Gullder,*6. 107.. Paul 1-12 1 h 3 1%
2586 Hohenlohe, 6, H0..Alxdr 6 4 1 3 % 4 8
2584 Sea Spray, a, 107.Feary 4 5 4 6 10 5 12
25&4 Pongo. 6. 107.. Faun tleroy 3 6 6 6
Time— 3-16. :19; «, :25; %." :50%; %, .1:17%;
m, 1:44; 1 3-16m, 2:03. Good start. • Won first
three driving. Winner, O. P. Romigh's br. g.
by Matt Byrnes-Abra Daly. Einstein was out
run from the start. ' but closed well. • Guilder
ran • good race. Hohenlohe badly handled.
255*0. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $300. ' •••
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin. .
2594 Hampton, 4, 116. McCarty 3.6 1 3 112
2587 F. Woods, 4, 113. Romero 8 5 Vi 2^21
2581 B. Caporal, 5. 114... Hoar 2 3 1 12 3 h
2433 Cougar, 3, 110..Alexnder 4 4 4 4 hi 4 5
2593 The Buffoon. 4, 113. Collis 5 9 1 7 % 5 M
2586 Favor! to, 4, 113.... Burns 7 7 1.81 62
2583 L. Diggs. 3, 105.Fauntlry 6 2 tf e« 73
2584 Gwynne. a, 119.. Bennett 9 8 1 9 1 8 1
256S The Gafflr, 3, 107.RusselUO 10 10 9 8
2583 C. Carrie, 3, 106..Basngr 1 1 h 6 1 10
Time— %. :24i4; %, :49; %, 1:15. Good start.
Won easily. 1 Second and third driving. Win
ner. George Miller's b. h. by imp. Watercresti-
Llzzle Hampton. Sir Hampton won with ease
at the end; he was much the best. Cousin
Carrie is evidently no account. Frank Woods
ran -his race. Sweet- Caporal stopped very"
badly. Scratched— Alpha Lee 105.
Betting — Sir Hampton, 11-5; Frank Woods, 6;
Sweet Caporal, 2; Cougar, 8; The Buffoon, 50;
Favorito, 50; Lily Dlggs, 16; Harry Gwynne,
100; The Gafflr, 60; Cousin Carrie, 15.
OAKI*AUT> RACETRACK— Thursday,
June 13, .1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast. ' ;
2OO1. SIXTH RACE— Mile and fifty yards;
selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
(2583)Oscar Tolle, 3, lOlAlxdr 3 2 n 12 11
23S9 Castake, 6 109... Romero 1 4 1- 2 »/4 2 3
2539 Alicia, a, 107.Fauntleroy 6 5 h 5 H - 3 %
(2571)Merops, 5, 109 ..Hoar 7 7 4^41..
2571 Lost Girl, a. 108. McCarty 2 6 1 3 h 5 h
25S0 Rio Chico, 5 109.Bassngr 6 1 Vi 6 1 6 2
,2557 Prejudice, 4. 107.Sheehan 4 , 3 W 7. 7
Time— 50 yards, :03%; , M, :24; %. :49; %.
1:14%; mile,; 1:41; lm 50yds, 1:44. Good start
except Merops. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, E. J. Baldwin & Co.'s ch. c.
by Amigo-Seven Up. Oscar Tolle was a wild
horse. Castake ran a nice race. Merops prop
ped as the flag fell and was almost left Rio
Chlco had speed, but' stopped to nothing.' ; <
Betting— Oscar Tolle, 8; Castake, 7-2: Alicia,
5; Merops, 3-2; Lost Girl. 10; Rio Chico, 15;
Prejudice, 15. • • . ' ... , .¦ '
Betting^-Hagerdon, 11-10; Rey Dare, 9-5;
Byron Rose, 6; Sylvan Lass, 7; Harry Thatcher,
100.
Poor start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner H..L. Frank's b. g. by Imp.
Esher-Lady Richmond. Haererdon galloped in.
Iley Dare got away very badly, but ran a
nice race. Scratched — Rio Shannon 107.
260O. FIFTH RACK-One mile; 1 three-year
olds and. up; purse, $300.'
Index. Horse) Wt, Jockey. 'St.. %. Str. Fin.*
(2493) Hagerdon. 4. 104.... Collis 2 1 1% 1 1 1 VA
2576 Rey Dare,' 3, 89.. ...Hoar 4 3 4. 21% 2 4
2576 Byron 'Rose. 3, 89. Butler 1 2 n "3 1% 3 n
(2582)SylviT Lass. 5, 106... Prior 3 4 10 4 12 4 12
.2577 H. Thatcher, 4. 106.Rusll 5 5 5 5 .
Time^-U. :24%; H,':48%;%, 1:14%; mile, 1:40.
2500. FOURTH RACE— Six 'furlongs; free
handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, ! Wt, Jockey. 6t. %. Str. . Fin.
(2527) Doublet, 4, 122.... Russell 3 11 In 1 %
(25Sl)PrestIdlg'tor, 4, 108. Hoar 1 3'2 : 2 tf 2 1%
2564 Gay. Brown, 3, 94.Faunt 6 2 n 3 1 8 h
2581 Alas, 4.. 88......... Butler 6 6 14 1 4 2
2573 Cth. Bravo, 3. 9O.Webstr 4 4 h ' 5 1 5 5 '¦¦
(2579)D. Weithoff, .5, 94.Sheehn 2 6 6 •. 6 '
Time-^i. :24; %, :48%; y t , 1:14, Good start.
Wori first three driving.. Winner, D. S. Foun
tain's ch. g.- by Domino-Lucy Wallace. Boy
on Doublet nearly ! lost the race by overconfl
dence near' the wire. He was much the best.
Prestidigitator 'closed well. Alas ran a fair
race. Dollie Weithoff is not near her form.
Betting— Doublet, 4-5; Prestidigitator. 3; Gay-
Ion Brown, 30; Alas,' 25; Catherine Bravo, 40;
Dollie Weithoff. 6. . - .
2398. THIRD ' RACE— Fiv« and a half fur
longs; two-year-olds; purse," $300.^ . . .
Horse, Wt;- Jockey. St. . %. Str." Fin.
238S Achilles,- 113 ........Ruiz 3' 2 3 11 1W
2580 Shell Mount, 110.. .Collis 4 3% 21 2 2
2574 Snowberry, HO Prior 1 : 4 % 3 1 3 8
25S0 Hainault, HO ..McCarty Sin 46 4 10
(25S5)Marello, 113 '..Alexander 5 5 5 ... 5
Time-3-16, :18V4; hi. :24&;"%, :50; t%t, 1:08%.
Good start. -Won cleverly. Second and third
driving-. Winner, Atkin & Lrfittrldge's br. c.
by St. Carlo-Moonlight. Collis rode a shock
ing race on Shell Mount. It was a very bad
looking race all around. Hainault had- speed
but stopped badly. . -•' •. '. •
Bettlng-lAchllles, ' 6-2; : Shell' Mount, 11-10;
Snowberry, 7-2; Hainault, 12; Marello, 25. 5 '
Betting— Burdock, 4; Einstein, 9-5;. Guilder,
7; Hohenlohe,. 2; Sea Spray, 50; Pongo, 15. \
Statement Filed With the Supervi
sors Shows Fillmore-Street Line
Is Greatest Bread- Winner.
The Market-street Railway ' yesterday
submitted to the Supervisors a statement
showing its receipts for the year. • Its
gross - receipts from the railroad on San
Bruno avenue during the year, ending De
cember 31, 1900, were $3226 74; the earnings
of the Twenty-fourth, street line between
Potrero . and S San ¦ Bruno avenues were
$612 54; Ellis from Leavenworth to
Market/ $25,739 10; Broadway from East to
Kearny , streets, $31,186 08; Sacramento
street from Walnut- to Sixth. avenue and
I) street, $30,900 45; Eddy-street road. $42?
99163; Fulton street from Seventh to
Nineteenth .avenues, . $220 40; Carl street
from Cole to Stanyan. $840 22;. Hyde and
O'lTarrell streets, $35,462 76; .Mason street,
$1355 12; Page street from. Masonic avenue
to Stanyan street,., $13,108 50; Page street;
Masonic avenue and Frederick street, $19,
2S7 95; Kentucky street and Railroad ave
nue, $70,784 51; Solano street, $27,918 98; Six
teenth and Fillmore streets, $129,52123: De
vteadero street from Page to Jackson,
$74,S63 05; Twenty-second and - Twenty
fourth streets, $30,123 23;. total, $538,182 49;
of which 2 per cent. or. $10,763 65, will be
turned over to the city. ' , .
The Taylor-street line earned $4906 74;
Sansome-street line, $2875 16;. total, $7781 90;
3 per cent. of which, or $233 45, goes to the
City. .¦¦ — ¦ M - ¦•.'• :• ..¦¦•• jvi ¦ : ¦,.::. ¦' .
,The gross receipts of the "railroads for
merly of the. North Beach -and Mission
Railway Company, from August 1, 1899. to
July;31, 1900, amounted to $298,125 50. ; The
city gets no percentage of these receipts,
as : the franchise provides; that the gran
tees shall pay 2 percent on the gross re
ceipts i in- excess • of ¦ those £ for 1888,- when
they were $306,18010. "
LARGE EARNINGS, OF ; THE
MARKET-STREET RAILWAY
Will Contest for Seawanhka Cup.
LAjnuu*, june H.— Lord c. Currie's
yacht Grey Friar has been selected to con
test for the Seawanhka cup of Great
Britain.
Keene's Gift to Charity.
LONDON, June 13.— Foxhall Keene has
sent £250 to the Prince of Wales* hospital
fund, the amount being one-half of the
Oakes purse, which he won with his filly
Cap and Bells last Saturday.
The averages in to-day's shooting show
that Crosby won 90 per cent of his birds
that Heikes and Gilbert won 85 per cent]
and that Parmalee won 89 per cent, while
the highest British average was 83 per
cent.
; The American team has been offered a
silver cup for the contest it will shoot off
Saturday. The British team will give the
visitors a banquet next Tuesday.
American Gunners "Win Their Third
LONDON/, June 13.— In spite of high
winds and dull skies the American gun
ners at the international clay bird trap
shooting match, which began at Hendon
Tuesday, continued to-day to show their
superiority over the British. W. R Cros
by killed the first twenty straight and
killed seventeen out of the second twenty
E. H. Tripp got thirty-six out of forty and
J. A. R. Elliott thirty-seven oUt of forty.
At 4 p. m. the Bcore for the day was*
Americans 384. British S48.
The Americans won the third consecu
tive day of the clay bird match by a
score of 843 to 739. The result was ac
cepted by the greatest good will on the
part of their British opponents, the ladies
in the stand waving American and British
flags. Speeches were afterward made by
Captain T. A. Marshall for the United
States and by Captain Butt for the Brit
ish. -
Victory "at the Traps.
BRITISH MARKSMEN BEATEN.
; " AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BALTIMORE. June 13.-The Chicago team in
this city turned the tables on the Baltimore
team to-day.. Patterson was in line form Mc-
Ginnity was put out of the game in the fifth
Attendance 1138. Score: \ -• V*T ™ :V*
•^CIubs-< ¦ . ' R,'. H. E
Baltimore... 0 5 9
Chicago .*.... V.-.12 v . 6 -1
.Batteries— McGlnnlty.'vNops and Robinson-
Patterson and Sugden. 4 • •- . -
ST. LOUIS, June 13.— Emslle gave. Brooklyn
three runs in the first inning by calling a fly
ball caught by Burkett a safe hit. ' Aside from
that Brooklyn never had a chance and the St
Louis team batted" out a; victory easily off
Hughes. Attendence 3000. Score:
' Cli-ba— .- ' - . . , R. tt f>
St. Louis ~...........\. ....... 6 g B i
Brooklyn..... ..*.....;......,.. 3 9 • J
and , Nic&ols; Hughes and
McGuire. Umpire— Emslle. . -
PITTSBURG, June 13.— The acore:
Clubs— ¦, v R. H F>*
Pittsburg « . ?{ E {
Boston ....; 2 6 2
Batteries— Phillippi and • O'Connor: Plttlnmi
and Kittredge. Umpire— Dwyer. "««nger
, CINCINNATI, June 13.— Score: ...
¦ Clubs— ' • ' H. H v
Cincinnati ; 4 7 **;
Philadelphia g jq j
"Batteries—Newton and Bergen; Duggleby and
McFarland. Umplre-O;Day. sm^py ana
CHICAGO, June 13.— The Score:
,, Clubs-' >;-:; . R.- H. E.
Chicago ;.. 7 12 a
New York .'........ .....9 {{ J
Batteries-^Taylor,.Eason and Kllng; Dohenv
and Bowerman. - Umpire— Cunningham. \
NATIONAL LEAGUE. *
Out a. Victory Off Pitcher
Hughes.. -
St." Louis, However, Manages to Bat
UMPEBE EMSLIE GIVES
, THREE RUNS TO BROOKLYN"
Probable Winners.
First race —Alturas, Rasp, Monda. .
Second race—You You. Flattered. Robert
Bonner II.
Third race—Sig Dougal, Bagdad, Dr. Boyle.
Fourth race—Glendennlns, ; inocenda, St
Philipplna.
Fifth race—Mamie Hildretfc. Sweet Caporal,
Almoner.
Sixth race—Dangerous Maid, Donator. Ra.
cettOi
Shcth race— One mile and 100 yards; four
year-olds and_ upward; selline:
25S4 Racetto '. 107 (2377)Jim McCleevy..lll
(rsS)Donator 10t> 2595 Snips 106
2385 Danger's Maid. 105
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward ; selling:
2584 Devereaux 109! 25S9 Galene 107
1276 Candlelight II.. 112 2404 Bill Young 102
2248 Scotch Belle... .100 2578 Abba L 100
1*3 Almoner 108 2591 Meadow Lark.. 109
2083 Mam. Hfldreth.100] 2591 Novia 107
2:91 Saul of Tarbus.lOSl 2J96 Sweet Caporal. 107
Fourth race — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
BellinE:
2374 B. C. Greene... 10CI 2S28 St. Phlllppina.-107
2388 Glendennlng ...115 25S8 Inocenda 103
25SS Tyranus 102 1
Third race— Five and a half furlonps; four
year-olds and upward; belling:
256S Aurifera 114! 2587 Bagdad 112
2587 Searchlight ...124! 1701 Dr. Boyle 112
<2C7*0Sir Dougal 12.2! 257S Onyx 114
2587 B. Sheppard....l22;
Steamer. From. Due.
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom June 14
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. June 14
Pomona Humboldt June 14
Bristol Oyster Harbor June 15
Despatch San Pedro ...:.. June 13
Wyefleld........ Comox ...June IS
Hawaiian Honolulu June 16*
Arcata...^ Coos ,Bfty :..-.......^.... June 16
Mattewa'n Tacoma .........; June 16
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports..... June 16
Queen San Diego ............. Jane Id
Bonita. San Pedro & Way Pts June 18
Titania Nanaimo ". June 17
Del Norte Crescent City June 17
San Pedro Humboldt June 17
Eureka ¦ Humboldt' June IS
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. June IS
Mandalay...... Coquille River June IS
Czarina...: Seattle and Tacoma.... June IS
Washtenaw.... Seattle June 18
Empire.. Coos Bay June 18
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. June 19
Hermonthls Hamburg & Way Ports June 20
North Fork Humboldt June 20
Point Arena.... Point Arena June 20
Corona.... Newport June 20
Santa Rosa San Diego June 20
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are given in the left
hand column ° and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference ia
the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights : of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
SAILED. ;
Thursday, June 13.
Stmr Cella, Hlgrins, . v
, Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, .
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, Usal. ' • t >
Br ttmr Condor, Anderson, Valparaiso, i etc.
Br stmr Milton, Rainey, Nanaimo.
Bark Coloma, Hicka, Salinas Cruz.
Bktn W H Dimond. Hansen, Honolulu.
Bktn J L Eviston, KamssliuS. Eureka.
Bktn Benicia. Bowes, Honolulu.
Schr Corinthian, Korth; Coquille River. ¦
Schr Sailor Boy, Nygran, Eureka.
SPOKEN. -
March 28. lat 38 S, Ion 42 W— Br ship John
Cooke. from Antwerp, for San Francisco." , •
March 30, lat ES S, Ion 78 W— Br ship Thorn
liebank, from Shields, for Santa Rosalia.
Per schr Rosamond— June 12, lat 38 57 N,
Ion 12S 15 "W— Bktn Addenda, from Columbia
River, for Callao. • All well. . ..
MEMORANDUM. " .' "\
Per schr C T Hill— Was within 8 miles of
St Gecrsre Island from April 28 to May 28,
but could : not get through the ice. Left in
port stmr Homer. '
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 13, 10 p m— Weathter'
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.. ' .. ' •
UX ALASKA— Arrived May 31— Schr Abble M
Deerins. : ' ¦
Sailed May 31— Stmr Nome City, for Nome.
May 28— Schr Kodlak. for Unga.
In port May 28 — Stmr Homer, for St George
Island, i
EVERETT— Arrived June 13— Stmr Coronado,
hence June' 8. ¦ ~" ' - _
ASTORIA-Sailed June 12-Stmr Geo W El
der, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived June 13— Stmr Aloha,
from Usal, and sailed for San Francisco:
PORTTOWNSEND-Sailed outward June 13
—Bktn Gardiner City, for Hllo.
UMPQUA— Arrived June 8— Schr Zampa,
hence June 1.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 12— Stmr Victorian,
for Skasruay. . '- -' '*¦ ¦' -..;.- . . -/• ..-. ..
Arrived June 13— Stmr Czarina, hence June
S; &tnir Coronado, hence June 8.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June lSr-Stmr Coqulllo
River, from Eureka.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived June 13— Schr
Albert Meyer, from Ballard.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 5-^Stmr. Maripo
sa, hence May 30, and sailed June 6 at 1 a m
for Australia; Br stmr Miowera, from Sydney
and sailed June 5 for Vancouver: schr Bertie
Minor, from .Eureka; bark Gen Fairchlld, from
Newcastle, Aus; !
Sailed June 5— Jap stmr America Maru, for
China.
. . EASTERN PORT. -
NORFOLK, Va— Sailed June 13— ShiD Roa
noke, for Hampton Roads and San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.'j
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 10— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
Sailed June 12 — Br stmr Doric, for San Fran
cisco. ' .
COLON— Arrived June 11— Br stmr City of
Washington, from New York. '
Sailed June 11 — Stmr Finance, for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 10— Br stmr In
drnvelli, from Oregon.
BREMERHAVEN— Passed June 10— Ger ship
Chrlstel, from Bremen, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived^ May 11— Br stmr
Cacique, from New York and sailed May 12
for Guayaquil. •
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived June 12— Ship
St David, from Delagroa Bay.
HAMBURG— Arrived. June 13— Ger shit) C H
Watjen, from Portland, Or; Br ship Lucipara,
from Astoria.
NANAIMO— Sailed June 12— Nor stmr Tita
nia, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 13— Stmr La Lor
raine, for Havre; stmr Friedrich der Grosse,
for Bremen: stmr Deutschland, for Hamburg:.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June \ 10— Stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver, for Hongkong.
LONDON— Arrived June 12— Stmr Monte
videan. from Montreal; Btmr Marquette, from
New York. ¦ ¦ ¦ . .
. ANTWERP— Sailed June 13— Stmr Nederland.
for Philadelphia. • %
. QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 13— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York; stmr Westernland, Hr
Philadelphia: both from Liveroool.
LIZARD— Passed June 13— Stmr La Cham-<
pagne, from New York, for Havre; stmr Zee
land, from New York, for Cherbourg and Ant
werp. ... ,
HAMBURG! — Arrived June 13— Stmr Phoent
cia, from New York, via Plymouth and Cher-
OUrg. : ¦ . -
. NAPLES— Arrived June 13— Stmr Aller, from
New York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa, and pro-
ROTTERDAM— Sailed June 13—Stmr Am
sterdam, for Boulogne and New York.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
During the steamship's run from Mazat
lan Juan Buzo was ordered to clean down
one of the masts and refused. When he
grew insolent C.iptain Judkins ordered
; him locked up. Then Daniel .Frias. took
| up the cudgel in behalf o£ his ohipmate
and asked the iest of the crew to mutiny
and release Uieir comrade. He also was
placed in irons, and then there was peace
-and quietness. The' men were turned over
to the harbor police, but when the mat
ter was referred to the British Consul he
said the men would have to be taken back
to Chile, as there was no agreement be
tween the United States and Great Brit
ain by which mutineers on a British ves
sel can be tried in an American court.
Frias and Buzo will therefore be taken
back to Valparaiso for trial. "
The' cabin passengers on the Colombia
were:
Enrique Z. Prieto. Carlos Miron, J. J.
Thomas. Mrs. F. King and child. F. Warren,
E. H. Coffey, E. R. Cuthbert and wife, R. R.
Stevenson, J. V. Tonnell. C. Timmons and J.
B. Dennis.
Besides these there were six steerage
and two Chinese in transit.
Among the steerage passengers were L.
Veliaino and his wife. The man is a phys
ical wreck and any excitement nearly
drives him distracted. Vellaino is a Swiss,
and In company with a number of his
countrymen went to Chile to make a for
tune. They settled in a small place called
Victoria, "about a day's journey from
Talcuhuano. Vellaino had a little money,
and that fact soon reached the ears of the
bandits in the hills.. They swooped down
on the settlement, seized Vellaino's son,
gers Is a Physical Wreck.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Colombia arrived from South and
Central American ports yesterday with
two of her crew in irons. One of the pas
sengers is a physical wreck from having
witnessed the murder of his son by ban
dits in Chile".
STEAMSHIP COLOMBIA HEBE-
One of Her South American Passen-
FOR the first time in its history
San Francisco has three battle
ships and a second class cruiser
in addition to other warlike craft
in the bay. The battleship Iowa
has been at anchor off the transport
wharf for some time. A week ago the
Philadelphia came down from Mare Isl
and. Wednesday afternoon the famous
battleship Oregon came in from China via
Honolulu, and during the night the new
battleship Wisconsin arrived from Puget
Sound. The latter vessel made the splen
did run down the coast of sixty-five hours
from Port Orchard. That is an average
of about thirteen knots an hour for the
run, but there were hours when the bat
tleship logged her eighteen knots. Of
course, everything was in her favor, as
she is in perfect working order and had a
strong northwester behind her all the way
down.
The Iowa- and Wisconsin are the war.
vessels closest in shore. The former is
about off the transport wharf, while the
Wisconsin is oft Harriso"n-street wharf.
Out in midstream and almost between the
Iowa and Wisconsin lies the cruiser Phil
adelphia, while south of her and almost
in a line with Steuart-street wharf lies
the Oregon.
Never again in a time of peace may
such an aggregation of fighting machines
be seen in this port. Even now the Wis
consin is taking on her munitions of war
preparatory to starting for the Orient.
The Philadelphia is ready to sail for Sa
moa and will probably get away on the
ISth inst. The Iowa is to pay a visit to
all Puget Sound ports in a week or so.
and, last of all. the Oregon will go out of
commission. The chances are that she
will be' dismantled and put on the dry-:
dock for permanent repairs. The wounds
made by the rocks in the Gulf of Pechili
were only patched up. and a permanent
job has to be done. The turrets are to be
changed and a new battery Installed, so
when she is again in service she will be a
different Oregon from the one that went
into battle at Santiago. ¦
Before the month is out the Government
expects to have between 500 and 600 school
teachers- on the way to Manila. At first
it was intended to fit the Sherman out to
take them down, but she cannot be got
ready owins to the strike. The Thomas,
due here the 20th inst., will be sent out
with the educators. In this connection the
following letter is self-explanatory r .
"May 29/1901
Lieutenant Colonel C. R. Edwards. Chief In
sular Division. War Department;
. Sir — In reference to Commissioner Taft's tele
gram regarding the early transportation of
teachers from the United States to Manila, I
have the honor to Inform you that, in addition
to sending eleven teachers on the Lawton and
about seventy-five on the* Sheridan, instruc
tions have been given to the- general superin
tendent of the Army Transport 'Service, San
Francisco, Cal., to have the Sherman fitted up
as a teacher transport, with accommodations
for 125 female teachers ! and ' 400 or 500 male
teachers, the accommodations' to , be made as
comfortable as possible, the female' teachers to
occupy the cabin staterooms and! other com
fortable parts of the shipAthe men to be ac
commodated on the troop^decks with special
accommodations, bo they may be made as
comfortable as possible under the circum
stances, being furnished with meals equal to
those furnished In the saloon cabin, all of the
decks to be in common. ¦. . • .
Every effort will be made to' make this teach-
The Toyo Klsen Kaisha's Hongkong
Maru arrived yesterday a day ahead of
t!rae. She was held a long time ' in the
stream by the quarantine officer owing to
a couple of "suspects" among the crew.
A number of the Japanese sailors and fire
men were sent to the quarantine station
and then the mail boat was ' allowed to
dock.
The Hongkong Maru came Into port fly
ing the British flag at her fore, and the
customs officers were wondering what was
the .matter, until they learned that Sir
Claude Macdonald, his Britannic Majesty's
Minister to Japan, was a passenger. Sir
Claude is. on his way to England. The
mail boat made a quick run from Yoko
hama to Honolulu, but was nearly six
days coming from the islands to San
Francisco. She brings 98 cabin and 3 sec
ond cabin passengers, besides 221 Chinese
and Japanese in the steerage.- The' cabin
passengers were:
Rev. George Allachln, Mrs. George Allachln
and three children, Veron Andrews, Mrs. Jo
seph Andrews, Miss Andrews, Louis Baschi
Rud Bauer, C. H. Blake, Mrs. C. H. Blake,
Lieutenant G. N. Blokhuis, Captain Broeken
hagen, Mrs. F. M. Botshwick, J. Braubach,- A.
Van Brucker. Rev. T. W. Burkholder, Mrs. S.
J* Biomham, H. E. A. Child, E. "H. Child,
Miss Yam Dal, J. WV Barwood, Mrs. Daven
port and child, Mrs. H. B. Fukunaga, Mrs. E.
de Gaun. L. Givernaud, C. ' Givernaud, Mrs. C.
Givernaud, Mrs. Lai Gam, Y. Hara, William*
E. HartnessrMlss A. Harverdell, E. Hieber,
Hook Kam Hingr, B.' Hlrosawa, Rev. E. W.
Hopkins, Mrs. E. W. Hopkins and three chil
dren, Chung Ying Hsiang and servant, II.
Ichli, S. Ikuta, S. Ito, William B. Jones, N.
KajiWara, Mrs. K. Kasai and maid. Miss A.
Kelly. Mrs. F. P. Kirby, C. C. KInsey, T.
Kurioka, Dr. Laning, Miss Seneria Laning,
Richard Laning, George Laning, Sir Bosdln T.
Leech, Lady Leech, Miss Leech, A. J. Leech,
Sir Claude M. Macdonald, H. B. M's. Minister
to Japan. Lady Macdonald, R. Nishikawa, L:
Oliver, S. Otanl, Captain Otto and servant,
Miss Oxlad, Nurse Oxley, George B. Pettingell,
Miss H. P. Phillips, G. Rltter, T. Shibayama,
Mrs. Law Shee and Infant, Franklin P. Slem
mer. Lii Sul. Mrs. Lli Sui, Dr. A. J. Torril
hon, Mrs. K. Uyeno, two children and- maid;
Lieutenant Wolfrau, J. Yasul, W. Whltehill.
?
Teachers for the Philippines.
« Arrives From the Orient.
a lad 17 years old, and demanded to know
where the money was hidden. The boy
laughed at them, so the ruffians strung
him up to the limb of a tree and riddled
his body with bullets. The father was
compelled to witness the death of his son
and then saw the robbers seize his wife.
When she refused to tell where the money
v/as hidden she was knocked down and
one of the gang was about to cut her
throat when the cry that the soldiers
were coming drove them off. It was
some of Vellaino's neighbors who, hear
ing the sound of firing, had come to his
assistance. Mrs. Vellaino soon recovered
from her injuries, but her husband seems
unable to forget the murder of their son.
He sold his. little farm and with; what
money the rebbers had left him he came
to San Francisco, and from here will re
turn to Switzerland.
Ship Spartan, Polite, Seattle; P B Cornwall.
Br uhin Ladakh, Hannah, Queenstown;
Meyer, Wilson & Co.
CLEARED.
Thursday, June 13.
Br stmr Condor, Anderson, Valparaiso; W R
Grace & Co..
Br Ptmr.Strathgyle, Gordon, Chemainus; Cal
Thursday, June 13.
'Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 13 hours from
Mendocino. «.
- Stmr Corona, Gielow, 58 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Acme. Lur.dquist, 44 hours from Slus
law River. - .
Stmr Aberdeen. . Jensen, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 43> hours from
San Diezo, etc. . ,
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monte
rey.
• Br stmr Colombia.- Judklns, 41 days from
Valparaiso, via Mazatlan 6 days.
- Jap Etmr Honrkong Maru, Filmer, 26 days
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 15 days ~23
hours 28 minutes, via Honolulu 5 days 22 hours
58 minutes.
• Tug Geo R Vosberg, Lorentz, 92 hours from
Nehalem, with barge C H Wheeler in tow.
Ship Henry B Hyde, McLeod, 153 days from
Baltimore. . . • :
Schr Rosamond, Ward, 20 days from Hono
lulu. ¦
Schr Jennie Griffin. Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr C T Hill, Llndahl, 14 days from Un
alaska.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wheat for Europe.
The British ship. Ladakh cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders -with 65,630 ctls
wheat valued at $67,000, and 21,000 ft lumber
dunnage valued at $315. .
The bark Coloma sailed yesterday for Sallna
Cruz with 21,061 railroad ties valued "at $7372.
Railroad Ties for Mexico.
The steamer Condor cleared yesterday for
Valparaiso and way-.ports with merchandise
from- this port for Peru valued at J3S95, and
for Chile $4460. The cargo consisted of the fol
lowing:
For Peru— 1000 bbls flour. < 50 cs groceries, 989
railroad tics, 23,886 ft lumber.
For Chile— 914 cs salmon/ 1124 ctls wheat, 2
coils rope.
In addition to the above the steamer, carried
SI, 43$ bbls flour and 500,000 ft lumber for Callao
valued at {90,313, which was laden at Tacoma.
A Cargo for South. America.
Shipping Merchants.
The Kona will load lumber at Grays Harbor
for Santa Rosalia; the Louise, lumber at Van
couver for Cork, for orders; the Sulltelma,
lumber at Moodyvllle for Valparaiso (owners'
account), the-W.- H. Marston, merchandise for
Honolulu. -. ¦•
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
| The work of repairing the wharves be
tween Main and Beale streets has been
let .to the City Street Improvement Com
pany. The contract price is $5946 50.
Thomas F. Casey has been reappointed
State wharfinger at Harrison-street
wharf. Mr. Casey has proved himself to
be an efficient and' courteous official, and
the merchants and shipowners will be glad
to hear of his reappointment.
The sailing of the steamship Colombia
for Central and South American ports has
been postponed until the 18th inst.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic sails at 1 p. m. to-day
for the Orient.
ers' transport comfortable, so that the trip may
be a most pleasant one. Should it be impos
sible, owing to strikes, to use the Sherman for
this purpose, either the Thomas or the Logan
will be substituted.
If there are any teachers left over after the
Sherman sails, the same can go on the Buford,
or the next transport sailing soon thereafter,
occupying the : regular accommodations on the
ships.
I would like to be advised if there will be
enough teachers ready to nil the accommoda
tions that will be prepared on the Sherman or
other transport, if one is substituted: Very
respectfully. CHARLES BIRD, ,
Brigadier General U. S. Vols., Dep. Q. M. G.,
u - s - A -
"Water Front Notes.
First race — Six furlong-s; three-year-olds and
upward; selllnc:
2SS3 Lelf Prince 105 2329 Atturas 109
2391 I Don't Know.,109 2583 Irate 100
2578 Senator Ma Us.. 109 2592 Sisquoc 109
2SS3 Parsifal 1C2 2579 Beau Monde.. ..112
2578 Rasp 102 2591 Monda 109
2313 George Dewey..lO2 2578 Marineuie 102
Second race — Four furlonrs; maiden two
year-oics; Felling:
2CS5 Dawson 107 2385 Sleeping Child.107
25S5 Gypsy Boy 110 25!»5 R. Bonner II.. .107
2580 You You 107 2590 Flattered 107
2567 Arthur Ray. ...110 2590 Knockings 107
254S Remele lll'i 2585 Armado 107
.... D wight Way... 110!
To-Day's Entries.
Doublet was the much shouted good
thing in the six furlong race, the fourth
on the card. Russell took this favorite to
the front early in the game, but nearly
lost to Prestidigitator by careless riding
from the paddock to the wire. "Presti"
made a strong finish, getting the place.
The fourth race brought more judicial
labors to the occupants of the stand, but
this time before the start. Rio Shannon,
owned by Thompson & Hagerman, was
entered. The attention of the judges was
called to the fact that Rio Shannon was
sick beyond the point or running, so an
investigation was made and a prompt rul
ing held on the facts. Rio was scratched,
the Thompson stable put under the ban
until January 1 and twenty minutes given
lor a new book. Hagerdon, the favorite at
even money, won this race handily, Rey
Dare getting the place and Byron Rose
the show.
Oscar Tolle, opening at 12 to 1 and clos
ing at 8 to 1, won the last race without
much trouble. Merops was an 8 to 5 fa
vorite and considered to be easy pick
ing. Merops was almost left — not by fault
of the starter but on account of eccentric
behavior. Merops broke when the barrier
was sprung, ran several yards and then
propped. At this time the bunch was far
in advance and Merops could not make
up the distance. Castake made the place
and Alicia the show.
Achilles had the speed yesterday and
when the three-quarter post was reached
led by a length, with Shell Mount follow
ing. Shell -Mount was riding easily an<l
as the two tore down the stretch it ap
peared for all the world as if the latter
would win with ease. Collis was not on
the winner. He displayed a strong pair
of hands whether controlled by ignorance
or malice aforethought.
£ir Hampton and Sweet Caporal were
the choices in the first race of the day,
the odds on the formjer spreading slowly
toward the closing. Sir Hampton with J.
McCarthy up worked up place by place
until the last burst, then winning out by
two lengths.
In the second race Burdock showed a
reversal of form, which the judges are in
vestigating. With Hoar in the saddle
Burdock won from Einstein, Hohenhole
and Guilder.
That Collis rode a wretched race there
can be ho doubt The judges charge his
performance to ignorance and inability
rather than to dishonesty. To the asphalt,
congregation and the occupants of the
stand with Shell Mount tickets in their
clothes it looked as if Collis worked the
brakes too diligently from the time the
stretch was reached until the wire was
passed. Collis certainly threw a winning
to the winds.
The judges' stand was the target for a
diJ-T-aUsfied public at the Oakland track
yesterday afternoon after the third race,
won by Achilles from Shell Mount. The
latter horse with Collis running the
brakes was the perfervid favorite, draw
ing a strong, Increasing play from the first
chalking till the horses went to the post.
Shell Mount was piloted in such a queer,
corkscrew manner that Achilles had no
trouble in winning. That is why the
crowd hooted and jeered . and gathered
about the stand with profane words on
their lips and .malice in their hearts." •". ;
Owners of Rio Shannon Put
Under the Ban at
Oakland.
Crowd Grows Tempest
uous Over Bad Riding
of Collis.
BUSY DAY FOR
RACING JUDGES
Earned runs— Loa Angeles 1, San Francisco 2
Two-base hits — Householder. Kelly. Pabst
Evans, J. Reilly. Sacrifice hit— Bowman.
First base on errors— San Francisco. 1. Los An
geles 1. Left on bases— L«s Angeles 2. San
Francisco 6. Struck out— By Hartwell 5 by
Evans 1. Hit by pitcher— Schwartz, Graham.
Double play— Rettz to Hutchlnson. Time of
game— 1:30. Umpire— Graves. Official scorer—
Cashman.
SUMMARY.
t> , ,_ ~ \. A ?' *£' BH " SR FO - A - E.
Brockhoff, c f 4 0 10 1-0 0
Reltz. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 10
Householder, r. f....4 0 1 o 1 o o
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 4 1 o
Hutchlnson. lb 3 0 0 0 13 0 D
C. Reilly, 3b...". 3 0 0 0 2 4 n
Kelly, s. s 3 12 0 2 8 1
Bowman. 1. f 2 0 10 10 0
Hartwell. p 3 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 29 1 « o 27 14 "l
SAN FRANCISCO. : /' -
' ¦ ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, c. f 4 -0 .0 0 1 : 0 0
Hildebrand. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Schwartz. 2b 3 0 1 0 2 3 l
Pabst. lb 4 0 2 0U o 0
Kru?, s. a -.-4 0 0 0 2 5 0
Ntfrdyke, r. f 4 0 V 0 *-2- -0 o
Graham, c 4 1 0 0 3 3 o
J. Reilly. 3b..: 4 11 0 2 0 0
Evans, p 3 0 10 0 3 0
¦ Totals ..34 " 2 6 ' 0 27 18 ~\
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 10201101 0— ft
San Francisco 000.00030 0 2
Base hits .010 2 0 0.3 0 0—5
LOS ANGELES.
Angeles Grounds.
LOS AICGELES. June 13.— The "Wasps
won this afternoon in an almost perfect
game of ball. Nordyke's singles and
doubles by Reilly and Evans gave two
runs after two men were out. Pabst and
Householder had a flstlc assault at the
end of the game. Score: ,
Splendid Baseball Game on the L03
"WASPS DEFEAT THE ANGELS.
Runs responsible for— Stricklett 1. - Two-base
hits — Lohman, Arrellanea. Sacrifice hit —
Francks. First base on errors — Oakland 2.
First base on called balls— Sacramento 1, Oak
land 1. Left on bases— Oakland 2. Struck out
—By Moskiman 1. Balk— Strlcklett 2. Double
play— Arrellanes to Eagan. Time of game — 13
minutes. Unrafre- Tyler. Official scorer— Mc-
Farlane.
Totals ....11 5 4 1 9 4 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ;....O 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 0—0
Oakland S 0 0—5
Base hits 3 1 1—5
SUMMARY.
Totals. 8 0 0 0 *7 S 2
•One man out when game was given to Oak
land. - -r-. >• .-..-.." -. ¦
OAKLAND."
1* ffi&i ¦ - . -. ABS 'R. "BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Durleavy, 1. f. ...... 11 0 0 1 0 0
Drennan, c. I 1.0 0 0 0 0 0
Strieb, r. f 110 110 0
Ea«an..lb...: 2 110 5 0 0
Arrellanes, 2b 2 110 110
Francks, sa 1 0-1 0 0 1 0
Moore. 3b 110 0 0 10
IjOhman. c 10 10 10 0
Moskiman, p 1 0 0 0 0 1 0
AB. B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss. & p.. 1 0 0 0 1 0 0
McLausthlln. l.f.&ss. 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Courtney. 2b 10 0 0 3 10
Doyle, r. f 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
McGucken, c. f 1 0 0 0 0 1 A
Har.lon, lb 1 0 0 0 S 0 1
Strickle tt, p. & as... 0 0 0 0 0 2 0
Sheehan, 3b 1 0 0 0 10 1
Carter. • c. .<..„...... 1 0 0 0 0 1 0
The two teams then played a listless ex
hibition of four innings and the people
who remained to see them play left dis
gusted.
The only other feature of a very poor
exhibition was the , return of "Truck '
Eagan to the game. He played first for
Oakland and covered the bag in clever
style. Folowing is the score of the game
as far as it went:
•: SACRAMENTO. •
Strlcklett was the prime mover In the
insurrection. He went into the box in
flated with his own importance and was
sent skyward In the very first inning by
the Dudes, who hammered him for two
singles and a double, accepted a walk and
tallied five runs. The Senators were un
able to do anything in the second and
when Oakland came to bat they were
ready to Inflict further damage. Strick
le tt broke the rule that prevents a
pitcher taking two steps when delivering
the ball and^ Umpire Tyler gave Dunleavy
his base on balls. Strlcklett threw 'down
his glove in a passion and walked off the
field. There was a delay of five minutes
while the sulky youth was being induced
to resume pitching. He committed the*
same mistake a second time, either de
liberately or unconsciously, and another
man was allowed to walk. This was too
much for the Sacramento twirler and he
again left the game. The hoots and Jeers
that greeted his actions must have awak
ened a feeling of resentment in his heart.
but he failed to show it. Umpire Tyler
ordered the scorer to take time and he
warned Sacramento to. play ball. Hia
warning was supplemented by the crowd,
which yelled derisively at the visiting
legislators.
Devereaux then went into the box and
Oakland was retired in short order. Shee
han was first up for Sacramento and ha
tried talking back to the umpire and waa
promptly fined $5. The side was retired
in one. ' two, thre order. In the last of
the third the end came. Devereaux waa
in the box. He pitched a few times and
Tyler called it a ball. Devereaux thought
It should have been a strike. Ho turned
fiercely upon the umpire and was fined $5.
He tried back talk and was ordered off
the field. Tyler sent for a policeman,
but none could be found. There was
more delay and Oakland was given the
game by a score of 9 to 0. The spectators
hooted and hissed and then went down
and got rain checks which entitle them to
see another game.
Umpire Tyler acted the part of a school
master at the ball game yesterday, though
instead of inflicting the rod on half a doz
en sulky Senators, he fined a few and
then gave the. game to the Dudes by a
score of 9 to 0. The Sacramento aggrega
tion acted like so many overgrown coun
try bumpkins. They went to Recreation
Park with an ldea'of overawing or bluff
ing the umpire, but as the latter held the
high hand he stood pat and won every
time. • .¦
A Displeasing Exhibition Is
Presented by the
Sacramentos.
Senators Have Attack of
, Sulks and Refuse
to Play.
GAME BREAKS
UP IN A ROW
TH : E ; : :^"N;^Mi^^
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THE HISTORY OF SAN FRANCISCO
THREE BATTLESHIPS AND A CRUISER ARE IN PORT AT ONE TIME
THREE BATTLESHIPS AND A CRUISER OF UNCLE SAM'S NAVY NOW AT ANCHOR IN THE HARBOR OF.SAN FRANCISCO.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦ • '
NOTE— The high anrf low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
i FRIDAY. JUNE 14.
Sun rises .' 4:47
Sun sets 7:33
Moon rises 2:58 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
L W H W L. W H W , *
13 .. 2:40—0.2 9:30 4.3 2:08 T.i 8:30 6.4
14... 8:33—0.8 10:34 4.4 3:00 3.8 9:1S 6.8
lb. .. 4:20—1.1 11:29 4.8 3:60 2.8 10:06 8.7
16... 6:10—1.4 12:19 4.8 4:42 2.8 10:53 6.6
17... 5:58— 1.3 1:09 4.9 6:37 3.0 11:45 6.4
18... 6-43—1.1 1:54 5.0 6:80 8.1
H W L XV H W L W
19... 0:39 6.0 7:39—0.8 2:40 5.2 7:33 2.9
20... 1:34 6.6 8:12—0.3 3:25 5,3 8:38 2.8
4
Steamer.
I
Destination.
Satis.
Alki.. 1 Skaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & "Way Ports. June 15
Jeanle Nome direct. ....June 13
Nome City Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 13
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June IS
City of Topeka Ska*ccay & Way Porte. June 19
Victorian j Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Farallon i Skaguay & Way Ports. June 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 14.
Acme Sluslaw River
Alliance...... Portl'd & Coos Bay
North Fork.. Humboldt
Gaelic... China and Japan..
June 15.
Newburg..... Grays Harbor ....
Despatch..... Seattle' & Falrh'n.
Rival "Willapa Harbor ..
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Noyo Humboldt
Corona........ Newport
Point Arena.. Point Arena ......
Eureka Humboldt
June 16.
Pomona Humboldt
Santa Rosa... San Diego
Jane 17.
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
June 18.
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Colombia Valparaiso & Way
Bonlta San Pedro
Acapulco Panama & Way..
v ' Jnne 10.
Empire Coos Bay .
Arcata. Coos Bay .'
Queen San Diego
• . ¦ Jnne 20. .
Sonoma...... Sydney & Way Pts
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.
San Pedro Humboldt
-
11 am Pier 13
5 pm Pier M
9 am Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
5 pm Pier , 1
5 pm Pier IS
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
5 pm Pier 3
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
U am Pier 24
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
12 m PMSS
13 m Pier 13
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
19 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 9
5 pm Pier 8
|10 am Pier 3
Steamer.
I
Destination.
Satis.
Alki.. 1 Skaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & "Way Ports. June 15
Jeanle Nome direct. ....June 13
Nome City Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 13
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June IS
City of Topeka Ska*ccay & Way Porte. June 19
Victorian j Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Farallon i Skaguay & Way Ports. June 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 14.
Acme Sluslaw River
Alliance...... Portl'd & Coos Bay
North Fork.. Humboldt
Gaelic... China and Japan..
June 15.
Newburg..... Grays Harbor ....
Despatch..... Seattle' & Falrh'n.
Rival "Willapa Harbor ..
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Noyo Humboldt
Corona........ Newport
Point Arena.. Point Arena ......
Eureka Humboldt
June 16.
Pomona Humboldt
Santa Rosa... San Diego
Jane 17.
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
June 18.
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Colombia Valparaiso & Way
Bonlta San Pedro
Acapulco Panama & Way..
v ' Jnne 10.
Empire Coos Bay .
Arcata. Coos Bay .'
Queen San Diego
• . ¦ Jnne 20. .
Sonoma...... Sydney & Way Pts
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.
San Pedro Humboldt
-
11 am Pier 13
5 pm Pier M
9 am Pier 2
1 pm PMSS
5 pm Pier , 1
5 pm Pier IS
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
5 pm Pier 3
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
1:30 p Pier 9
9 am Pier 11
U am Pier 24
5 pm Pier 2
12 m Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
12 m PMSS
13 m Pier 13
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
19 am Pier 7
11 am Pier 9
5 pm Pier 8
|10 am Pier 3Grand vice presidents. Miss Elizv D.
Keith of Alta Parlor. San Francisco; Misa
Dora Semudoroski of El Pajaro Parlor.
"W'atsonvllle; grand secretary. Laura J.
Frakes of Amapola Parlor, Sutter Creek;
Lizzie Douglass of Alta Parlor, San Fran
cisco: &rand treasurer, Amanda Hammcr
ly of Piedmont Parlor, Oakland; grand
marshal. Harriet S. Lee of Woodland Par
lor, Woodland; Emma G. Foley of Orinc"a
Parlor, Ean Francisco; grand Inside senti
nel. Nellie Henderson of Santa Paula Par-'
lor; grand outside sentinel, Mrs. Eva Bus
soni of La Espana Parlor, Los Angeles;
board of grand trustees — Rose Crukon,
Joaquln Parlor. Stockton; Maud Wood, La
Bandera, Sacramento; Ella Caminetti,
Ursula, Jackson; Frances Barton, Fre
mont, San Francisco; Addle Bagley, Chls
pa. lone; Ariana Stirling. Aleli. Salinas;
was the nomination of officers to
be voted on to-morrow morning. Mrs.
Oenevieve Baker, Buena Vista Parlor No.
CS of San Francisco, the present . vice
president, was nominated for grand presi
dent to succeed Mrs. Ema Gett. Then
followed these nominations:
SACRAMENTO. June 13.— The im
portant work of to-day's session,
of the Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF THE GOLDEN" WEST WHO ARE TAKING *A CON
SPICUOUS PART IN THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE GRAND PARJ.OR OF
THE ORDER IN SESSION AT THE STATE CAPITAL.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
j
HONOLULU, June ".—The steamer
America Maru carried away from Hono
lulu a man who if his performance come
up to his promises will help ere long to
make history Jn the troubled empire of
China. He is Dr. Sin Yet Sun, one of the
Chinese patriots who a few years ago
caused a sensation in London by being
Sin 'Yet Sun Will Head
a New Revolutionary
Movement.
CHINESE READY
FOR REREELION
AHson Watt, Manzanlta, Grass Valley;
Emma Thelrbach, La Estrella: Delia
Shine, Dardanelles, Sonoma; Evyline An
derson, Oro Fino; San Francisco; Dora
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed, at? Salt
Lake City. For: full information : ask L.
M. Fletcher. 212. California street. . ;:• 7
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
Daylight Train Bstween San Fran
cisco and Santa Barbara. .
Southern Pacific daylight train dining
car service. Leave San Francisco 8 a. nv,
arrive Santa Barbara 9:25 p. m. Leave
Santa Barbara 6:15 a. m.. arrive- San
Francisco 7:30 r>. m. .'Effective Sunday, the
16th lnst. One of the most beautiful day
light trips In the world. ¦
GALENA, , Mo.. June ' 13.— Mrs. • John
Stallion, her father,' Thomas Crabtree,
and the lattor's two sons, James and
Frank Crabtree. who have been having a
preliminary hearing her^ the past " week
on the charge of murdering Alice Stallion,
the woman's 16-year-old stepdaughter,
have been held for trial at the October
term. The bonds of Mrs. Stallion and
James Crabtree were fixed at $1000 each,
and - those of +.he - Crabtree boys | at $5000
each: Deep .Interest is stHl manifested,
but there is now no fear of lynching. ' t
Held for Murder in Light Bail.
Governorship of Territory of
Hawaii. y
HONOLULU, June 7.— United States
District Judge 'Morris M. Estee denies
the report in 3an Francisco that he in
tends to try for the Governorship of this
Territory upon the close of Governor
Dole's present term or in case of the con
tinued disability of the executive. Judge
Kstee states that he is not a citizen of the
Territory and that he does not feel that
he*ls qualified for the position of Gov
ernor. He is perfectly content to remain
here on the bench. "I have never -been
more in earnest in my life when I say to
you candidly," he is quoted as stating,
"that 1 do not v/ant to be appointed Gov
ernor of the Territory of Hawaii, nor do
I believe that President McKinley has
any intention of appointing me."
No Drawback on Shipments.
WASHINGTON. June 13.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury, acting under the re
cent decisions of the United States Su
preme Court in the Insular cases, has
held that no drawback can be allowed on
merchandise shipped to the ..Hawaiian
Islands after January 7, 1S98, these isl
ands having ceased to be a foreign coun-.
try within the meaning of the tariff laws
under the joint resolution of Congress
annexing the islands to the United States,
approved on that date.
Says That He Does Not Aspire to
JUDGE ESTEE SATISFIED
TO BjEMAIN ON THE BENCK
KANSAS CITY, June 13. —The case of
Lulu Prince Kennedy, who killed her hus
band in January last because he refused
to live with her after a forced marriage,
will " probably go to the jury to-morrow
evening. The taking of testimony was fin
ished this afternoon and arguments will
begin to-morrow morning.
The defense sufferecNa second setback
to-day, when Judge Wofford ruled out a
conversation with Kennedy before the
killing tending to -corroborate evidence
offered- yesterday to prove that Kennedy
had admitted having ruined Lulu Prince.
Further expert testimony to prove that
the defendant was temporarily insane at
the time of the shooting was offered, and
Bert Prince, one of the quartet of alleged
conspirators, again took the stand, this
time for the defense ,and to prove an
alibi for himself. He denied that he had
predicted Kennedy's murder.
Mrs. Kennedy appeared much distressed
and cried frequently, during the day. ;
Smelter Will Resume Operations.
BUTTE, Mont., June 13.— The Butte and
Boston, smelter, which has-been closed
for some weeks on account of the refusal
of the company to grant outside labor the
eight hour day provided* for miners and
smeltermert. will begin operations to-mor
row. The machinists still remain out and
the machine shop will remain closed. Tha
smelter employs about 300 men. but tho
starting up affects many times that num
ber In the mines, v ' ¦ .. \ :
Death. of Ex-Premier of Ontario.
• TORONTO,' Ont., June 13.— A..S. Hardy,
ex-Premier of Ontario, died at -: the Gen
eral Hospital to-night as the result of an
operation for appendicitis.
Defense Attempts to Prove That Pris
oner Was Insana at Time of
.Killing.
KENNEDY MURDER THIAL
IS DRAWING TO AN END
Been Before Heard in the
Courts.
NEW YORK, June 13.-Axel Hellen
berg, a stock broker, has through his
counsel applied to Justice Gildersleeve, in
the Supreme Court, for a receiver for the
Cobre Grande Copper Company of Ari
zona and an injunction restraining it from
disposing of any of its property pending
action. The Justice allowed the counsel
interested until .to-morrow to submit
briefs. • • _
The controversy over the mines or the
company has extended over a period of
two years, principally in Arizona, and the
present suit is an attempt upon the part
of Mr. Hallenberg to get a hearing'ln the
New York courts.
Mr. Greene, one of the defendants in
the present suit, was in New York on
May 28, and personal service of the sum
mons and complaint in an application for
an injunction was made upon him at that
time, not only in his individual capacity,
but as president of the Greene Consoli
dated Copper Company. Since that time
strenuous efforts have «been 'made by his
counsel to have the case dismissed on the
ground of the want of jurisdiction and
that the controversy should be remitted
to Arizona. A motion to that "effect was
recently denied. ...
Controversy. .Over the Property Has
SUES. TO PBEVENT SALE
OF ARIZONA COPPEB MINE
"My heart's desire is to see China freed
from oppression. America is my ideal.
With a President at the head of affairs
in China and the people the ruling power
you will see tiiy country develop and
forge ahead with astonishing rapidity."
"This is my third attempt at a revolu
tion in China, ond I think it will be suc
cessful, for we are better organized this
time and have a force at our backs that
will make the Dowager Empress and her
mandarins tremble.
"The Chinese are not alone in this
movement. Hundreds of v/hite men, well
to-do merchants and others living in Chi
na, are with us and giving us material
assistance.
kidnaped by agents of the Chinese lega
tion and was released after a growl from
the British lion.
Dr. Sun was born in Hawaii and re
ceived his early education at Iolani Col
lege, conducted by Bishop Willis of the
Anglican church. He obtained his medi
cal diploma in London. Before leaving
here on Wednesday he talked freely. ; •
"Are you not afraid of losing your
head?" was asked. This started the rev
olutionist, who arswered:
"No. I am not afraid of losing my head.
I shall, upon setting foot in China, com
municate with the men nearest me who
.have sworn to uphold the cause of the
revolution. The Government police of
ficers or soldiers will not touch me, for
they are afraid.
"We are ready to strike now. and a
short time after my arrival Jn China you
may expect to hear of momentous hap
penings. The arms and ammunition of
the /evolutionists have been spread
throughout China through secret agencies
and the men v.-ho have sworn to uphold
the cause even to the death are ready
and anxicus to begin work. There will be
bloodshed, and plenty of it. An amicable
settlement is out of- the question.
"Wilson, Bonlta, Redwood City; Stella
Kilkeldcy, Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz. r.
The election will be the first order of
business to-morrow. The • board of trus
tees was increased to nine, who are also
to be known as the board of directors. As
only seven trustees are to be chosen a
lively contest is looked for.
Grand President Gett presented the
Grand Parlor with a full set of the pro
ceedings of the Grand Parlor for the past
PAN-AMERICAN GROUNDS, BUFFA
LO, June 13.— The first of the series of na
tional "track and field contests arranged
by the Amateur Athletic j Union for the
Pan-American Exposition was held to-day
at the classic Stadium in the fair grounds.
Th^ heat set a limit upon attendance, but
a large number of athletes came to meas
ure muscle and endurance and there was
an afternoon of spirited sport. No rec
ords wore smashed, but some of the time
made and distances covered was close to
the standards that have been set. Of the
clubs represented the Knickerbocker Ath
letic Club cf New York scored the great
est number of victories for the day. ¦ Sum
mary: >
Putting 16-pound shot— A. G. Gunn, Central Y.
M. C. A., Buffalo, three feet handicap, won,
43 feet 11- inches; John Flanagan. N. Y. A. C,
two fe-t handicap, second, 42 feet 3% inches;
Timothy O'Rourke, Toronto La Crosse Club,
five feet handicap, third, 39 feet 1 Inch.. .
880-yard run— Irvine Orten, Toronto La Crosse
Club, 15 yards, won; H. H. Thurlow, Seventy
fourth regiment, 18 yards, second: G. B. Hol
brook, K. A. C, 2 yards, third. Time, 2:00 1-5.
ICO-yard run— George Hoffman, 6 yards, won ;
S. W. Kd wards, 4 yards, second; A. W. Bur
lingame. 6 yards, third. Time, :9 4-5. . •
120-yard hurdle race — W. J. • Feldkamp.' Pas
time A. C, 10 yards, won; "Walter Fishleigh;
Detroit A. C. scratch, second; Dan Reuss, U.
A. C, 10 yards, third. Time, :16.
One mile run— Frank M. Kanahy, Cambrldge>
port G. A. A., 10 yards, won; R. L. Sanford.
K. A. C. 15 yards, second; G. H. McCormick,
unattached, Buffalo, 85 yards, third. Time,
4:314-5. • .
440-yard run— P. A. Eayles, K. A. C, 14 yard3,
won. Time, :51.
220-yard run — A^ W. Burlingame, K. "A. C, 11
yards, won. Time, :22 2-5. •-¦•.«
Throwing 16-pound hammer— John R. Dewltt,
Princeton, won. actual, throw 149 feet 1 inch
(handicap 12 feet); John Flanagan, N. Y. A. C,
second/ actual throw 159 feet 4 inches (scratch).
Pole vault— W. J. Fishleigh. Detroit A. C,
won; actual Jump, 10 feet 8 inches (handicap
4 inches). . .
220-yard hurdles— J. J. Nuffer, Detroit A. C,
won. Time* :26. - ,-¦
Running broad jump — W. S. Edwards, K." A
C, won; -actual jump, 22 feet 7 inches (handi
cap 8 inches): '
Throwing the discus— John R. Dewitt, Prince
ton, v/on; actual throw, 115 feet " 10 • inches
(handicap 10 feet). •. . ¦
Running high jump — Edward E. Mayer A A
C. won; Jump, 5 feet 6 inches .(handicap '3
Inches). . . ..;,•,
Five-mile run— George W. Orton, N. Y. A. C,
scratch, won. Time, 28:512-5.
Throwing 56-pound weight — Timothy O'Rourke,
Toronto, won; actual throw, 30 feet (handicap
3 feet). •, ¦ ' -
Amateur Contests Begin
at the Pan- American
Exposition.
This afternoon the delegates were en
tertained at a reception given at her resi
dence by Mrs. Charles T. Barton., To
night the Native Daughters were the
guests of the Native Sons on a ride up the
Sacramento River. The session ,will con
clude to-morrow.
ATHLETES TEST
THEIR PROWESS
three years, handsomely bound. She was
thanked by a rising vote of the Grand
Parlor. Permission was granted subor
dinate parlors to hold executive session3.
Four furlongs — Foundling won. Wedding
March second. Ben Hullum third. Time, :4S%.
One mlle-i-Charlie O'Brien won. Baronet sec
ond. Toluca third.. Time, 1:40.
One mile and a half, selling— Edna Gerry won,
Bentley B second, Albert Vale third. Time
2:20%. : '
DETROIT, Mich., June 13.— Highland Park
summaries:
Seven furlongs, selling— Silver Garter won.
Bean «ccnd; Lady Hayman third. Time, 1:28%.
Five furlongs— Ben Howard wen. Newton W
second, Bourbon third. Time, l:02U.' .
One mile and a sixteenth— Warrant won,
Jeanot second, J. H. Sloan third. Time, 1:49.
., Six furlongs— By George won, Masterful sec
ond, Ziegfeld third.* Time. 1:13. ! r -7,
Five furlongs, selling— St. Hera won, Easter
Boy second. King Ford third. Time, l:02V£.
Six furlongs, selling— Flying Besa won. Our
Lizzie second, St. David third. Time, 1:14%.
" CHICAGO, June 13.— Harlem summaries:
Five furlongs — Stuyve won. . Jaubert second,
Sly Maid third. Time, 1:05 3-5.
One mile— Senator Bevertdge won. Automaton
second. Adelante third. Time, 1:47 2-5.
* Six furlongs— Maggie Davis won. Princess
Thyra second. Sharp Bird third. Time, 1:19 3-5.
' Mile and twenty yards— Ben Chance won,
Odnor second. Myth third. Time, 1:49 3-5.
Mile and - twenty yards— Bill Mas3le won,
Moses second. Our Nellie third. Time. 1:48 3-3.
One mile and twenty yards — Baird won, Lis-
Bome second. Give All third. Time, 1:49 1-5.
One mile, selling:— Sarner won. Hurry" second,
Tuskarosa third.' Time. 1:41. ;
'CINCINNATI, June 13.— Newport summaries:
Seven furlongs, selling— Little Rita won, Py
ramo second, Rod third. Time, 1:28^4.
Four and a half, furlongs— Dash -won, Jigger
second, Faleta third. Time. :5oVi.
Six furlongs, selling— Nancy Till won," Prin
cess Evelyn second, AmonTsa third. Time,
1:14^.
NEW YORK, : June 13.— The Brooklyn
Derby and the Tremont stakes, of
$10,000 each, v/ere the features' at the
Gravesend race track to-day and served
to draw a big: crowd. The conditions were
favorable for a good day's sport and a
good entry as well. Commando, AH
Green and Bellario were withdrawn from
the derby, leaving The Parader, Blues and
Bonnibert to fight for the rich prize. The
Parader, made the running for a* mile and
a quarter, with Blues well' up and Bonni
bert trailing. As they rounded into the
stretch The Parader ran out and Bonni
bert, closing with a rush, came on and
won easily by six lengths, while Blues
beat the tired favorite a .length for the
place. The time, 2:33 4-5, was fast and a
new track record* -.-...• - .
The Tremont 'stakes resulted, in a big
upset. Whisky King, at 15 to 1, won easily
from Blue Girl. , Saturday was a hot fa
vorite, "while Blue Girl was second choice.
To a good start; Saturday and The Gold
Finder went out to make the running and
showed the way heads apart to the
stretch, at which point both tired and
Whisky King rushed to the front, fol
lowed by Blue Girl and Golden Cottage,
and in this order they finished, two
lengths apart. Results:
About six furlongs— King Pepper won, Dub
lin second, Heliobas third. Time, 1:09 3-5. >
One mile and a sixteenth— The Golden Prince
won, Wayward Bo£ second, Glade Run third.
Time, IMS.
The Tremont stakes, . $10,000, about six fur
longs, for two-year-olds— Whisky Kins, 115
(Odom), 15 to 1, won; Blue'Girl, 126 (T. Burns).
3 to 1 and even, second: Golden Cottage 115
(Mounce), 20 to 1 and 7 to 1. third. Time.
1:10 2-G. The Gold Finder, Saturday, Major
Dangerfleld and Moydian also ran.
Brooklyn Derby, $10,000, one mile and a half—
Bonnibert, HI (Spencer). 5 to 2, won; Blues 111
(Shaw), 2 to 1 and 2 to 5. second; The Parader,
126 (Landry), 7 to 5, third. Time, 2:33 4-5. Only
three starters. • ,
Five furlongs, selling— Ascension won, Man of
War second, Playlike third. Time, 1:01 4-5.
I One mile and 70 yards— Wax Taper won. Gold
Spinner second, Wallabout third. Time, 1:45.
~ST. LOUIS, June 13.— Fair. Grounds summa
ries:
! Seven furlongs, selling— Sue Johnson won
Battus second, Ben Frost third. Time. 1:2734
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Has Gift
won. Satchel second, Maria Elena third Time
j l:09Vi.
One mile and a quarter, selling— Rushfields
won, Eugenia S second, Zonne third. Time 2-08
Six and a half furlongs— Lady Strathmore
won, Oudenarde second, Sinfl third. Tlm°
1:20%.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Miss
Patron won, Maximus second, Ladas third
Time, 1:47. . . . t
Whisky King, "With Odom
, Up, Takes the Tremont
> Stakes.
The Parader Finishes
Last in a Field of
' Three.
BONNIBERT WINS
BROOKLYN DERBY
THE SAN FEANGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, , JUNE 14, 1901.
5
Representatives- of a Number of the Parlors Are Nominated
for Offices by the Convention in Sacramento and a
Lively Election Will Be Held. at the Capital To-Day
NATIVE DAUGHTERS SELECT MEMBERS
TO COMPETE FOR THE HIGH PLACES
*/l
3 ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3. 12 m.
COLOMBIA ....June 18? AREQUIPA ....July —
TUCAPEL June 2T| LIMARI July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco^ or Panama). Freight
and pa«sensrer office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agrents.
PANAMA R. R, s Sf
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, *4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Sunday. Juno SO
S. S. Lcelanaw sails Monday, July IS
S. S. Argyll «ail» Monday. Au ft. 5
From Harrison-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
¦ ' Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
"F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
SS. SONOMA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. June 20. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. June 26. 10 a. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Saturday June 29. 2 p. m.
J. D. SPREGXEIS & BROS. CO., Eaneral Agents. 327 Hartst St
Qen'I Passsngar Office, 843 Karfcst St., Pier la. 7. Paofis St
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• \ •* Steamers leave Broadway
.Wharf, San Francisco:
For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
K^^KSt Ju=s 5. 10, 15. 20. 25. 30. July
gSprUcgthk 6- Change to company's
• fclk PJKj%mS Eteamers at Seattle.
' BBaiSS^vlH For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
• IHgayVapaa "C.). Port Townaend, .Seattle.
I t^"^KiSSEn Tacoma, Everett. ¦ Ano20r~.es
and New Whatcom (Wa«h.)—
** 11 a. m.. June 5. 10. 15, 20, 25. JO.
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N P Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and HumboWt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
June J, 7, 11, 16. 21. 26, July 1. and every flith
day thereafter. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa. .Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa. Cm*.
Monterey. San Simecn. Cayuccs. Port H-irford
fSan Luis Obiroo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. -Newport (-Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9V*. m.: steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
For Ensenada. Majcdalcna Bay. Fan Jo*e del
Cabo, Ma7atlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month. • _.
I For further Information obtain | company's
folders. ¦ - ' • • ' '
¦ The company reserves the ricnt to changre
fteamers, sailing dates" and hours of sailing
without ¦ previous notice.
TICKFT OFFICE-t New Montgomery
street rPnlace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San • Francisco.
OCEAN T3AVE1.
ipiVEST RATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA
...Sails June 22, July 2, 12. 22, August 1
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER.* :..
....Sails June, 17, '27. July 7. 17. 27. August 6
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen-Art.. 1 Montsom"y.S.F.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
• points East. TWroufth tickets to all
• points, nil rnil t #«te>»ni»h!n ot! rail, at
O. -R. AN.' CO.
Only Stea.m.a3a.li> Xiizx* to
COMPAONIE GENER4LE TSANS1TL15TIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <TOjjT5fr
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. - *' '""J"*
North River, foot of Morton street, *L*Aqut-
taine, June 20; La Bretagne. June 27: La Cham-
pagne, July 4; La Gascopne. July 11.
First class to Havre. Vvi and unward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGESCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson buildlnt). N'ew
York. J. 'P. FTJGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
At Druggists throuihout the world.
A SMALL WINEGLASSFUL IS
A LARGE DOSE OF
Health, Strength and Vigor.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pp!g3 Lists MaibI
on Application.
COAL. COKE AN) PI3 IROX.
JC WII QftN /t f 0 90 ° Ba «en- Street.
V TT1LjUi< tt VU-. Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CMITH Fhip Plumbir.fr. Steamboat and
» - W- JHI 1 kit Ship Work a ppecialty. 16 and
is 'WaEhin^rton Et. Telephone Main 564L
FRESH AND S4.LT MEATS.
IIC RrtYF^ *n Shipping Butchers. 104
JA. • PUlCadlJ- Clay. Tel. Main 1S94
OILS.
LTTBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
41$ Front tt.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
wrtNTixa.
F f KlifiHF^ printer.
t- L" 1ILUI1C3. £11 sansome Ft.. S. F.
=
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cared toy
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New Ycrlc. E. FOUCiERA & CO.
SOLD EV ALL DRUGGISTS . : . ; . '. .
ni rr nnt/ll Ccrner Fourth and
CAFE BOKftL|^>i
vellses checked free.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of Generation.
Price $1 n. bottle. For eale by druggists.
Weak Men and Women
CJliOLLD USE DAM1ANA BITTEKS. THE
*^ Trent 'Mexican remedy; elves health and
etre&ftb to sexual organ*. Depot, ZZi Market.
Tenth Floor.*' Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931. . . .
Residence, 821'Califonna st.,' below PowelL >
... Ban Francisco." ",
N0TAEY PDBH0 AND ATT0RHEY-AT-LAW.
U/.T.HESS,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 'at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe . (Hiogo). - Nagasaki : and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing:. . - ¦ ¦ .. , ¦ (
SS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday. June 22. 1501
SS. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. July 17. J9J1
SS.- AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. Aug. 10.1901
. Round .trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner. First. *-
.'^v.'/ /> w . H. AVERY, General Ajent. .
TOYO KISEN K4ISHA.
AMERICAN LINE.
SEW T05K. 80CTH4SPT0N. ioTDQS. FARTS.
Stopping: at Cherbourg:, ¦westbound. . . •
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul June 19 St. Louis. ...Julyl"
St Louis June 26 St. .Paul August 7
St. Paul July 10 St.- Louis August 14
RED STAR LINE. : r ;" :
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark June 19*ZeeIand .'...July 10
•VaderUmd .... .June 26Frie»Ian<t ...'....July 17
Kensington .....July SPennland -... ...July 24
?Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound. '-'.'
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. ¦
General Agent Pacific Coast. 20 Montgomery st.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
SliAMBOAFixCURSIONS.
Sixty-Mile Trips cn the Elegant New Steamer.
G'HEHAL FRISB1E
First class In every appointment; accommo-
dates 430 pass<»neers and leaves Pan Franc!3ro
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and R:30 p. m. daily* for Val-
lejo and Mare Island Navy Yard. Fare, round
trip, tli Sundays. 7Gc: meals, aOc. Special rates
to societies, orders and larse parttoe of all
kinds. Dining-room seats 60 at table.
STEAMER NIOSTICEILO
Will make a special excursion trip to Vallejo,
SUNDAY. June 16th. leaving San Francisco at
7 a.m.: Vallejo at 6 p. m. Fare, round trtp. $1.
Landing and office. Pier 2. one block south Mar-
ket- street ferry. Phone Me in 15C8.
(•3:15 triK omitted Sundajs.)
I - HATCH BROS:, Pier 2.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
.Steamers GEN. FRI3BIE or.MONTICELLO
. 9:45. a. m.. 2:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. -Leaven
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m..~ except'
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 1 4:15 -p. m. Fare 33
cents. Telerhone Main 15CS. Landlnar and of-
fice, pier 2, Mssion-st. dock. HATCH BROfl.
| Tp^morrow "WPi^ 'FMPtfSll^ES IHH ®^*®® Photos %
|C The 29 Sth Ccnceit by the ' tar.oas i B^; - - Jt*^ -r*. Uati. June 25^, choice of any /»
Jj Em oiumOrch.ttra, directed by Mr. g* ggQ fagggl WLBBBg Bg| W.2% S% 1% ' *^ shle $5.00 Phoros f.r «35O p-r »J
John Marquardt. . CAUFORNIA'S LARGEST«AMER!CA # 3 GRANDEST STORE dozen. j|
I SpBGiai Sale Special Sale Goke Dandruff $
*r New Dimities. Mian's Underwear. Gure for 59®, §
g[ Our first } reat cut-price tale thii s- aaon of styi- Men's fancy Hght-we'ght first-qaalitv cotton Tiis h the rsgJar Si.oo s'z= of the popular "J[
jf , Ish new Dimitifs — medium, dark an! light 'Unc'erwear lor Summer- : a nici blue with Colfe DmaruflF Cure. Is encim-us .a'e Jl
tf co'orings— abcu: 3000 yards; values ranging lancy ttripej; r;gu'af'.y 50c per garment j 20 has proven the fact that ths aricle has mrlt; &
» irom 15c to 20c; on sale in main dcz;n suits on tp:c:a! ta"e Fr'day 500 bjttles, only to-day, at lit- £££&&* «
J-. a?s:e Friday only; pet yard m&HLcr • only; per garment wSvSfSS tie mo e than hdf price ...... wU?*&Z*r
I 2-dfay GloihSng Sale Trimmed Mat Safe |
% Friday and Saturday Only. Friday and Saturday Only. %
g Men's $10.00 and $!2.5o' al!-wor! Suits $7-85— Back and b'ue VVhat we'hav^ nnt m?»rWf>rl -2
«f chevkts, and fancy gray cr brown mixtur.s. Scm, cf the vests in the W " a ' XV e naV ~ nOt "larKea s^^wkftfc 5
g blue Cheviots are reversible fancv silk, in neat dot effect on onssiie— the UOWIl We U2LVe made lip (£0^Z^M&/ i«
J5=> other side san.e c!o h as coit. Treie ate our regu'-ar well nude and well ; n OMr n.wr, wrrwYr rr\r\m 'Cf^^^&fg^^ -tf
«f /r^^ trimmed J 10.00 and 512.50 Sui;s marked "' UU1 UW " WU[K TOOm, &
«? <r«3 down for two days* jeu-^-jfjgj^ ana special prices have |,, I j
S ¦ ¦"7?B> :y ..........:^£mCfS . teemnarjcedoiiall. The \Z>. 5
* L Men s Pants — ths 5.5.03 km^ — or 1 . . , .. ' , , ». A^?si/ "2
*f tJ *™ • $2 68 styles are the best only, M^l. -}
S xffi5V Men's pa:.t$-thc $2.5© kind— !br a the materials the test Wt<&p}&3h - *
I /rMtf>\ ' a Bo y s'^50Lo r gPanti ; su.^i f :95- possible-th. making, &fc^p %
fcS IiMm (\ ai: -^° o1 chcvicts and ci'simer.s; in bke , our making and that is w^^m <*
M f I bpf'ffl I and in, handsome fancy mixtures — su:s for ,,^,««,,ol«/4 Tl + • n »- SP J"
•f / llJ?# "'¦'¦' I boy S l2tot9years;fashionabycut,welln:»^ UneqUaiea. , 1 lie trim- \-r ,J X
* iTWm' A'> c n - w *- lrim Tc $7 ?° G/l Q l» •'• mings are plentiful and f^> %
If V Littvf \t Sui:s.F.idayandSaturday«J^ri7fiyv r j i. .l . . . »
I \Ji (/ B^s-piecevests^ms-size, [ lne > and. altogether this will be the 5
» / PiY sfn/ ¦" for agcJ Io to l6 years; doubI= !" a3tcd best Millinery Bargain feast of the jt
£ I \\ \=s / ¦•' vests; maV riJ itrict'y all-wool Cheviots and S°?l™On J*
A \ ixUn Cassimeres; in blue and fancy effects in w * &
f \ VJ29 1 -^s^j^^^^fo t6mO ° Trimmed Hats— cut to.... sar.4ffS
f ¦ l ' fP:cial P ticc -------- 9p*Fa a § i €$ $8 oo Trimmed Hats — cut to 0^?.45 5
| Special Sale $20, $22.so 9 $25 Eton Manufacturer's *
g Ladies' Handk'i's. Dresses $14*50. Sample Line of Belts |
aoodozin Ladies' 15c sheer lawn Handker.h'e r s, Th5s hlg he^ O ne cf the Off SOeCiSl Saff*. *
* with insertion and edging of Valen-Q-^ lest taes we have ever had. An '; *T *»^«#«?. g
J cienncs Lace— on Friday only, each £P2# More and even bett.r valu-s A " a , 8 / rt f cnt ° f e . ver y POP"'" make and S
¦«f iSodoz-nLaies' 25c sheer 'awn Swiss S:a'.- W-W tave b«n added to the lot 3 , I r'"^^'™ 11 ! 4 ° C <*-S=> «=1>» 3»
£ loped Embroidered Handkerchiefs, * J» ~ \ 1& and row jou get not only the SS """^ , ° f them sn ? aU Jlze3 - To ef " S
% neat patterns- Friday onlv, each. I **& jM. choicest and most . swagger 'fVrt clcaran j c< = we ha «- them X
% • - • 2> mffi\ U.Ie % but the lowe^ price for lots and have marked them. for J
£ Sne»fB29iSs*tf» ' T\ f / ¦ loch aualities ever shown on -^T only at from one-quarter to one-half
1 . iSsstivL ¦ Mil m l^i wcil&c^ac. **
h .700 sets of fine quality go'd-p'ated, hard-enam- \JA I \ Eton Dressts— some with Ia:e y "mnmrj —w-***mm x
% eed and p'ain VVa's: Sets, either with 4- LI \ cob'an like picture— choicest q - - a — - - «
$ button and ore pair ball links or with jfcXjr? \\ fancy vest effects; cloth dieises • <&P_&VBaS Oa/G x
£ three pins, one co kr button and one rair \\ "* Pa.". Un > brown » LSSflBS* GollSrSm *
*. ball.lin'cs, choice— to-day on' v, <Q *%^ X \\\\ S reen » nav y and d _ . mmmm -mm x
* n pcr c Ct ; M&G r^^TX b'ack; in broadcloth, A. well-known manuftctursr of Troy, New *
J".. ' • ' / J \ \\ "" in Venetian, in home- «°™, has placed with us abaut 230 dczrn of 5
tf - - » «• a ¦ • // 1 M\ spun, in che/ict, and ">" sta;on's jf
tf A &peCial Sale /J \\\ a" the mat^-als are «tjk» of , f^y /^\ X
I in Glassware Dep't. KM I \J^ / f: jwoo '- ; r 1^ ££c£i 5
t£ . . ir~ v jt b*st makings and " n en«-o lars, tZL ' X '
2C Half-galbn- Water ~T^ highest taHoring; al a11 siz « *™™ f^F'ikl X
K \?- A« P tchcr — C:ear g bss > sizes; sa'e .'asts on'y to-day and to-morrow; * - to 1 5 f <£^ J 5
Si V- V; S /A sha P e as m iJu trat.on, Ieg u ariy $20, $22.50, |a 5; . special price inch- the y^^_J :^ s^ K <^^£ 1^ s^ •»
a? r ;C // WOIth85CiFn " i flO« &US3 Bff% r -*f ular 4-p'v x
\K J-- -^VV/ day tnly %p E & £'avBwJ al'-lnen 12 %z qoa!ity- special Friday B-^ X
£ (J \ Ilir.ch Cake Platz— "**"*" - onl y • • • - - ¦ • '..... ".each «P C •«
*f I "^. ' '~-=^\ Innitation cut glass, thin -«. m ¦ a -^ a ' ' •"•
Jf ' \% ' qHt andasclearascrysta'.reg- £? pQGi3t 02/8 SpBGBSl SalG ?
t- \Jg/ "t£^"*: 17g Children's Jackets Spschtel Shams. §
JC ; _ : ! . . and WaSh SuitSa We have bought at about ka'f their real value
J Special -Safe Children's ar-wool Cov. , "gjjB shams an^s" arl.^ The^aV^re n^rV Si 5
£ &%~~&A^^ *%£%~. ert Box Jackes, silk line J, SgS 20x54 inches in size, and the shams full X
$ tinSflfiWk&i* Z£2&G th s sea - cn s eoodSi ilZiS i(~$ size ' in al1 th = fin « : Jot °f this da-s of »2
» a*em*wmm*m Mam^r^r for ages 6 t0 I2; w:re 'ytsC- goods that we hare yet offered; not a piecs %
g Best Creamery Butter— the same .ex- ? 6 -5° cach » cutfcr.to-' /<^\VP5\ worthless than 50c, somi 7 5<=-aloflrerel 'x
$ crllent qualities that have mide our fe$| $4.9S f J^i\ WssM;} **' "^ * ". 2SC *
' butter sales famous — the regular G'r.'s Perca'e one-pi«cc i^ii/k) * 5
»C ..size squares, Friday only. «**"_ Dreis— blcu:e front; ruffli \ A/V €•«>«•«•;««# O_f.~ X
H ' ZgSQ round yoke; across back; /M^ \ Sale X
Ja '¦¦' ' * ' ' ** yoke rnfHsd: neck and // >^ \ CE#B*a D«<n#7fMn<« "9 O n 41
it ; Mff « M C««^-»#« cuffs braid trimxed; u^s// | l A 5UG RlCtUrCS 28Q. *
$ BmiqUUr apGUiaBS. f m ages 6 t0 I+> • V^-^L-^C) These are framed p-a?ino-tyce picturts, ebony 'x
K Jesse Moore AA Wh'skey— the g:nu:n; f for spicial to-day ... 75 C moldings, with heavy 2-inch dark gray mat X
j£ which , we regularly ask 95c P-' r — *» ChHdrcn's fin i Imported \~U ta tone the picture; there are 24 se'ect sub- X
X ' botte— spicial to-day on'y. :..'... 7oC Fiquj Sailor Suits— style W/ je:ts, among which are such popu ar ones as •[
Port or Sherry — good • sound wine, q.-a!ity aj per cut; embroideiy in- Jj^ "The Djctor," "St. Cecelia,** •'Ead of X
J[ guarantied, regularly 75c a galon _ B ser.ion on colar; one of V D^y." "Countess Pctacka" and "Danes of X
fg — to day v &&G this tea-ton's b;st ttylts; si^es for ag-s 4 to 14 the Nymph." There are a'sa religious pic- 9,
St L'fc of the Orange — * valuable m:dicinal year.; rn special sa'e to-day tor ._ tures, fancy hsad3, landscape and animal x
j *»° toric, regular y 1. 00 per bott'e — «p*» any size $2.25 subjects, full size 9x11 inches. g^S%0% &
to-day e%S>C Linen Suits fame price, and cheaper. Special to-day only, each nOv •'
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
- THE EMPORIUM.
i'Hiin i
b - u _ This Great Train H
| . runs but twice 1
I THU BSD£Y "~ ° I
H ' jij£ Leaving at 9 am, |
§8 / it arrives in ||
1 rnirnnyBi Chlcagoat215 I
ipFIIIUt^T'l
I IIHITtn ' — 1
I LSSSsIILU its hlgH standard H
H of service is h
I OH fully painlaincd. |
him Ft |
DR.MEYEBS&'CO. jHH^fe
Specialists. Dls- Wsjlg it'
ease and "Weakness Wgffi 1£
of men. Estab- w7?B5 /tSSk^Sm
lished 18SL-- Consul- UTe. I-Rfjt.^j
tation and private Ypfr zJla 1
book free. .at ofilca Vv3!ffi^""iA
cr by mail. Cure* VWj^^tf"^^
guaranteed. 731 jv»s»aa!r^p
Market street (ele- j&C*" l *<Z**&L'vr \
vator entrance;. J|M
San Francisco.A visiting prize-fighter gives us his assurance that
a vision of a fire engine is invariably an omen of
success for him. He might carry his faith in signs a
little further and gaze into the business end of a hose
while in action.
Ho Yow, the worthy Chinese Consul General at this
port, is making most vigorous, protest against the
landing of one of his countrymen in San Francisco.
Ho Yow might make as many of these protests as he
pleases and be assured that the more he made the
better we would like it.
The service, then, is desirable, feasible and useful
alike to the city, to the commercial interest and to
the Government. Such being the case the attention of
the officials at Washington should be at once called to
the matter, and the request for the establishment of
the service should be backed by every influence pos
eessed by our Congressmen, by our commercial bodies
and by the Federal officers at the port.
The usefulness of a prompt service between this city
and the Farallones is well understood by all who have
any interest in shipping news; npr would it be out
side the legitimate province of the Government to es
tablish it. In fact, it would be but an extension of
the lighthouse service. As was said by President Mc-
Xear of the Merchants* Exchange: "I believe it to
be within the province of this Government to con
struct such telegraphic system for the better protec
tion of our merchant marine. Also, it would be of
advantage to vessels in the Government service. They
could communicate with or receive orders without
the necessity of coming into the harbor. Vessels ar
riving off the port in distress, or requiring the ser
vices of a tug or other assistance, could, by signaling
the operator on the islands, communicate with the
city. Vessels coming to this coast in ballast with in
structions to get their orders off the harbor (to come
in or proceed to Portland or the Sound for their out
ward cargo) would be saved the inconvenience of de
lays. Such communication now is generally by the
pilot boats and necessitates considerable loss of time."
Of the feasibility of the service there can be no
question. Reports from Europe are to the effect that
the British have wireless telegraph stations at every
dangerous headland along their foggy and stormy
coasts. The Germans and the French also have
adopted the system to a considerable extent, and
only recently the news of the day illustrated the use
fulness of the service in the case of a steamer pass
ing a lightship off Dunk ; rk and receiving across the
water a wireless message to the effect that the illumi
nating machinery of the lightship was out of order
and that unless relief were sent there could be no light
on the ship that night. The steamer reported. the
news as soon as she reached port, and men were at
once sent to make repairs, so that the lightship
showed her signals as usual. In that case the -wireless
message may have saved from wreck some vessel
passing in the night and missing the familiar light
from the ship.
SENATORS, Representatives, merchants, ship
owners and citizens of influence, representing
commercial and industrial organizations, have
warmly commended the suggestion of The Call that
steps be taken to procure the establishment by the
National Government of a wireless telegraph service
between the Farallon Islands and this city. There
being unanimity of sentiment, it is reasonable to ex
pect something in the way of prompt and united ac
tion toward the desired end.
A MUCH-NEEDED SERVICE.
Russia is. distrustful of. the United States and Ger
many is fearful of both in reference to their trade as
pirations. The money sack after all is what makes the
world move " \ , V , v
The Oklahoma psitor an( j eloper who is detained
on a charge of obtaining money under faise pretenses
probably realizes now that while it may be reason
ably safe. to steal another man's wife it is extremely
dangerous to filch from him his money.
WASHINGTON. June 13.— The following
Calif ornlans 'arrived here to-day: At the
Raleigh— George W. Lunt and H. C. Bun
ker, San 'Francisco. At the National— E.
H. Rose, San Bernardino. •_
CALITOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Much may be said of the enthusiasm : of the local
imitator of Carrie Na'tion, but in* view of the fact. of
her conviction for malicious mischief it would be idle
to discuss' her discretion.- V > ;\; v- - • ¦ v - • ¦ Ls^
Cuba has at last accepted the Platt amendment.
TWs is a reasonably good indication that the fear- that
Cubans were deficient in the judgment necessary to
self, government was unfounded.
The Filipino leader who succeeded Aguinaldo in the
field has refused' to surrender except upon his owji
terms. It is hardly -possible that he contemplates
suicide or an early death,' but he certainly is inviting
one or the* other. — - ,
; . General . Buller has received from King Edward a
medal for meritorious* service in the South African
campaign: This is probably, the first thing that Gen
eral Buller* received and wanted. in connection with
the Boers. ' ',.-... ¦ : ' t
The harbor of Manila is to jjc improved by order
of the National' Government at a cost of $3,000,000/
This news is particularly timely and should be sug
gestive to the visiting Congressional committee on
rivers and harbors that there are other harbors
nearer home 'and quite as worthy of improvement.
NEW YORK, June 13.— From San Fran
cisco—E. Clayton, at the Rossmore; R. S.
Dickie, at the Astor; N. C. Hands, at the
Morton; H. B. Madison and wife, at the
Holland; J. McElroy, at the Astor; G. E.
Okene, at the Herald Square; "W. E.
Price, at the Rossmore; E. S. Waltz, at
the Park Avenue: J. J. Wlrtner. at th<»
Herald Square; J. M. Wright, at the As
tor:-Mrs. Ashburner, at the Murray Hill;
A. Bridge, at the Broadway Central; c.
S. Christiansen, at the Hoffman; _W. P.
Davidson and wife, at the Grand Unlcfn;
Mrs. J. C. Jorgenson, at the St. Denis;
Miss A. Morrisey, at the Holland; E.
Smith, at the Broadway Central: F. W.
Wakefield, at the Park Avenue; H. J.
c-ivjwart, at the Empire. From Los An
geles—T.Billlngton. at the Albert; J. Lar
guier, at the Marlborough. fr'..;-^-. . v
CAXIPORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
' George K. Falrchild, formerly superin
tendent of repairs of the Market-3trect
Railway, left this week for Nevada City,
where he has accepted the position of
general manager of the Nevada County
Traction Company.
Sir Bosdin T. Leech, Lady Leech and
Miss Leech of Oak Mount. Tlmperley. ar
rived here yesterday from the Orient.
They are touring the world and are regis
tered at the Palace.
General Warfleld, N. G. C. and staff
will leave to-day on .the 2:15 train - for
Santa Cruz to attend the annual encamp
ment of the National Guard.
Auguri Felicltazloni. the well-known
steamship agent, returned from Italy this
week after a most enjoyable trip.
Lieutenants Bloknlis and "Wolfram of
the German army arrived from China
yesterday and are at the Palace.
S. P. Dorsey, the well-known mining
man of Gra^s Valley, arrived in the city
yesterday and is at the Lick, j
Judge Hewell of Merced is staying at
the Lick.
P. R. Maybury of San Jose is at the
California.
J. D. Bradley, an attorney of Merced, la
a guest at the Grand.
B. Hlrosawau and J. Gasul, bankers of
Toklo. are at the Occidental.
O." E. "Williams, proprietor of the Palace
Hctel at Ukiah, is at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The establishment of so many new banks in a single
section of the country within seven months is an un
deniable proof of a rapid advance in the general pros
perity of the people. It is probable that none of the
new banks has a large capital, but the aggregate must
be considerable. The chief advantage is that the capi
tal is diffused throughout a wide extent of country
and that the benefits are widespread. Of course the
advantages to be derived from the banks are not to be
measured by the amount of their capital. Each of them
will serve as a financial reservoir for the collection
and distribution of the money in the community, en
abling the same funds to be used over and over again
and materially promoting every kind of industrial or
commercial entergrisc. *' , ¦
When in connection with the extension of banking
facilities there is considered the improvement-going
on in the South in the way. of manufacturing and of
diversified rural industries there will be found ample
reason for believing that the blight of Bourbon poli
tics which has so long rested upon that section of the
Union will be removed by the force of prosperity it
self. The intelligence of the South cannot, fail to
perceive that the^ success of Bryanism; free silver and
free trade would ruin the bright. prospects that have
been raised by conservative government, sound money
and protection. It is therefore fair to expect that
hereafter it will be found supporting such policies in
the nation instead of making the South solid for any
and every kind of political folly that discontented
leaders can devise. ..
In a recent review of the situation the Atlanta Con
stitution says: "During the past seven months more
than one hundred banking institutions have been es
tablished in various parts of the South, and the dis
tribution among the various States is as follows:
Texas, 40; .Georgia, 13; Virginia, 13;' North Caro
lina, 11; Florida, 6; South Carolina, 9; Kentucky,
9; Arkansas, 6; 'Louisiana, 14; Tennessee, 5; Ala
bama, 5; Mississippi, 4, and Maryland, 5. While
some States have been more highly favored than
others, still there is no State throughout the section
which has not been favored to some'extent, and signs
of prosperity are general."
ONE of the more important factors in bringing
about the free silver craze in the Southern
States was the lack of adequate banking faciy
ties. By reason o.f that lack the people readily fell
into the belief that what they needed was more money,
and in that belief they would doubtless have supported
an unlimited issue of greenbacks just as readily, as
they supported the Western silver men had a green
back movement happened to be dominant at the time.
The need of a more general distribution of banking
and of money was. recognized by the framers of the
recent financial measures in Congress, and provision
was made for the establishment of small banks. The
South appears to have promptly profited by the op
portunity afforded by Republican legislation, and
there is no longer any complaint there of a lack of
currency or a lack of banks.
BANKING IN . THE SOUTH.
There have long been complaints of the increasing
extravagance in dress and living among the^ students
at Harvard and Yale. The ostentation of wealth which
mars so much of American life has intruded itself
into the very seats of learning, where it is supposed
\ he students are td be taught to respect higher things.
It now appears that fashionable colleges for girls in
New England are becoming as bad in that respect as
the universities. In place of the plain living and the
high thinking that formerly marked the colleges of
that section there has come a rivalry in dress and
ornaments carried to such an extent that some stu
dents wear jewels fitted for court ballrooms, and other
girls are tempted to steal them.
. The parents, the faculty and -the society that tol
erate a display of costly jewels' by college girls are
almost as much to blame for the foolish desire for
dress as was the silly girl who was caught by it and
fell. The moral duty of imposing restraint upon the
extravagance of the young must rest somewhere. It
will be a' badthing for New. England if the present
desire for a display of wealth corrupts her colleges
until they are no longer attractive to persons of
moderate means. "As matters stand at present parents
who cannot afford their daughters an elaborate array
of jewels and gowns to match for their college days
had better send them to Western colleges.
..Upon the showing thus made it is evident that the
,girl who stole the jewels is not the only fool in the
case. When young girlsat college wear diamond or
naments valued at $1500, and when gems and golden
jewelry are so common among the students that ar
ticles to the value of $5000 can be stolen by a single
thief, it is clear that college life at Smith is becoming
about as extravagant as that in the smart. set itself.
THE DESIRE, FOR DRESS.
RECENTLY a young woman of 21, the daughter"
of a family of eminence in New Jersey so
ciety and a student at Smith College, was '
arrested upon a charge of having stolen property |
from her fellow students. The girl is said to have
admitted the crime. .The value of the property stolen
is estimated at $5600^ Upward of fifty costly articles
of jewelry are missing, among them being a J diamond
ornament valued, at $1500. . ' ' .; / : :
With the exception' of her 'dishpnesty^the^young
woman is said to have an excellent character, and
her crime is attributed to desire, for dress. Orie re
port says: "It is known that she has pawned articles
in Springfield, Hartford, Philadelphia and New
Ydrk. It seems to be a clear case-of a foolish young
girl who desired to dress beyond her means and de^
liberately took the property of girls at the coliege,
pawned it and gratified her desires for luxurious'
living." • • : ¦:%*!>
The .most . dominant and . unusual char
acteristic shown in all records of political
life at the beginning- of ¦ the nineteenth
century ¦ was - the ¦ influence of jj French
ideas. These notions had been brought to
cities and to isolated homes; 1 both
sciously and: unwittingly, by soldiers of
the revolution, and they were held In dlf-,
ferent grades of esteem ; In" various com
munities. Americans had watched ¦ with
alternating emotions the -entrance of the
liberty cap, of. Citizen- Genet and of the
red cockade. They heard with fear, the
carmagnole ''everywhere in the r streets. .
Even Tammany, . calm and collected,' with
such sachems as Governor Colden and
Mayor Hoffman in power, could .not < quiet
all apprehension. .The tricolor was every
where. French sailors, came ashore from
French- frigates. -. Matters became alarm-,
ing and excitement prevailed. Alexander.
Hamilton and Rufus King, speaking
woras of friendship and peace from a bal
cony in Wall street, were • stoned away,
from public view. . - The I beliefs I 01 Rous^'
seau, Helvetlu? and Voltaire had . many
worshipers. : The; philanthropists and
deists formed- clubs and i advertised their
meetings. . In Newburg a druldlcal so
ciety followed the . principles of the Illu
minati and .the Jacobins and cast scorn
at Christianity. Paine' s "Age of Reason",
had an extraordinary sale, v — f ; 
¦ Massachusetts " ; folk r v followed ; f John
French Ideas in Politics.
The early century was a day of dueling.
Every gentleman In the South had met
his man. The story of Bladensburg-duel
ing field Is one of gloom. Dueling was
becoming almost as prevalent in the
North 'as in the South when the public
horror at the death of Alexander Hamil
ton by the hand of Aaron Burr caused a
great revulsion of feeling. Previous to
that tragedy New York had seen the
duels of Burr with John B. Church, of a
man named Eacker with Mr. Price. Then
Kacker killed Alexander Hamilton's old
est son, Philip, a youth of 19. Mr. Cole
man met Mr. Thompson; Mr. Riker met
one Swartwout, who had previously had
a meeting with De Witt Clinton, in which
five rounds of • shots were exchanged,"
Clinton' wounding Swartwout each time
and the latter refusing to stop, until Clin
ton declared, he would not shoot again:
These duels were for the most trifling
causes. For Instance, ¦ it was announced
that the "youth of the city" would meet
to address a letter of congratulation to
John Adams when he became President.
The next day an article appeared . in > a
newspaper -which' said the meeting was
presided over by "a stripling of 48 years,'
while Master Jemmy Jones, another boy
not quite 60, graced the assembly with his
presence." Jones .was deeply enraged at
this jocular sentence and sought out the
author, who ¦ proved to be Judge Living
stone, the brother of Mrs.; Jay. Living-
Stone declared he was sorry to have given
offense, that he wrote it lightly. Jones
then, struck him- and tried .to pull his
nose. A challenge and duel followed, in
which Jones was instantly killed by a
shot in the heart. A settled gloom fell on
Livingstone, from: which, though he rose
to great* distinction, . he never recovered.''
In the Days of Dueling.
-This seemed so decisive that an annual
Inoculation was ordered in June, the time
of which should be posted in public
places, warned from house -to house, and
advertised in- the newspapers, and to
which strangers were invited. Due and
significant gratitude to God for "'so singu
lar and admirable a blessing" was shown
by permitting . the vaccination , to take
place in the meeting-house. The result
of all this was a law in Massachusetts
enforcing vaccination, and the loathsome
pest of smallpox never again .had a foot
hold in the State untilafter- the statute
was, unfortunately, repealed in 1836.
Joshua BrlgKB, : .
TOU ARE HEREBY discharged from the
. Hospital, 1 ' where you and eleven more appointed
,for that purpose, have offered to all men for
the test of Small Pox Inoculation, a convincing
proof of the never 'failing power of that mild
"preventive -the COW POX. !
¦ WHILST you REMAIN a Living- Token of
Mercy, jour mouth will. delight to Testify your
Gratitude .for a Blessing Great as It is Sin
gular of its kind, so that the hearts of men
may unite with yours in praise to the Almighty
Giver. OLIVER HOUGHTON,. ,
Chairman Committee for Vaccination.
AMOS HOLBROOK.
Physician in Charge. .
October 25. 1S0O.
It Is interesting to see how quickly and
with what intelligence people accepted
vaccination. Dr. Waterhouse sent sever
al supplies of lymph to President Jeffer
son, who, with his son-in-law, vaccinated
over two hundred of their Virginia neigh
bors and servants. Whole towns turned
out to be vaccinated, a- hundred persons
a day. Circulars of invitation were read
in .the pulpit. As proof was desired by
some, twelve children, who had been suc
cess- fullyAyaccinated . were afterward in
oculated with' smallpox, and a public-spir
ited gentleman of Milton, Mr. Horton,
gave his house as a hospital. The charge
of twelvej,healthy children for two.weeks
must have kept him busy. At. the close
the children were • discharged, .none of
them -having' taken- the smallpox; and
each was with a certificate, of
which the following is a copy: f
Adoption of Vaccination.
of his children and four of his servants,
and the boldness of his ' faith inspired
confidence. He issued funny little tickets
entitling persons to "One Inoculation."
He received the virus from England in
quill-points, and In infected thread.
The Coming of Photography.
A great invention' was that of "sun'ftc
tures"—photography and its predecessors
the daguerreotype, eurgeatype, ferrotvoe'
chrysitype, cyanotype, amphitype. antho
type. grandlnotype, calotype. talbotype
ambrotype and— let. us rejoice in its dpi
cease-catalissisotype. The daguerrectyne
process was given to the public in 1S39 t
have one of the earliest daguerreotvnei
taken, a large size, about seven inches hv
five inches, and an exquisite picture it It
in quality It is of a father and child
and they had to sit for three minutes it
cost $55. These pictures were a great' ad
vance beyond : the silhouette, which W.T..
the prevailing cheap likeness of the dav
Portraits in oil, miniatures and relief nor
traits in 1 wax. though costly, were com!
moner than would naturally be thought
and in proportion to the number of°in
habitants and' their Income painted do?
traits were far more, common than t£
day.; The first cheap photograph the
"carte de visite." and the tintype sprane
at once into: universal popularity. ' -
Bequests of the^ Nineteenth Century.
The bequests of the nineteenth centurv
to the twentieth may. be thus summed ud
iWe received the goose quill; we bequeath
the typewriter. . We received the scythe*
we bequeath the mowing machine. We re
ceived the ; spinning wheel - and hand
loom: we bequeath the cotton and woolen
factory. . We received the tallow dip; we
Theaters a Hundred Years Ago.
. Theaters had become, in 1801. more tol
erated In the minds of American people
than would have seemed possible twenty
Y.2SF 3 earlier. In Philadelphia, In 1801
"The Battle of Bunker Hill" was played
and a pantomime called "The Federal
Oath, or The Independence of 1776 " Then
came "Liberty in Louisiana." The Man
fredi family gave tight-rope perform
? 8^ es a and ba » ets - In Philadelphia, In
1806. Spencer Cone, the grandfather of
Kate Claxton, played Archmet in "Bar
barossa." After being a successful actor
he turned editor, served as captain in the
war of .1812 and then became a Baptist
minister. In England a young boy the
"Infant Roscius," had set the theater
going public wild. We had an "Infant
American Roscius" 13 years old, who
played Douglass, and an "Infant Roscius"
8 years old, who, In 1S09, appeared as
Young Norval. He was John Howard
Payne, the author of "Home. Sweet
Home." The mother of Joseph Jefferson
wa3 played and the elder Wallack and
Juriius Brutus Booth. Edwin Forrest
Kean— truly there were giants in those
days. English actors of fame were here
such as George Frederick Cooke and Bet
terton. . ' >-r^-\ ¦
The most important reform of the early
years of the nineteenth century was the
establishment of temperance societies
.The first marked effect leading to this end
had been made by a tract ol Dr. Benja
min Rush of Philadelphia in 1S04 "An
Inquiry Into the Effect of Ardent Spirits
upon the Human Body and Mind." Ser
mons began to be preached on the sub
ject. In 180S a temperance society was
formed in Saratoga. The reform dragged
along slowly. Dr. Lyman Beecher In 1S01
sent an exhortation to a meeting of the
New York Synod. Other clergymen fol
lowed and other societies indorsed the
movement. .New societies were formed—
"moral" societies, "farmer" societies
"abstinence" societies, temperance' soci
eties. Teetotal (a name adopted In 1833)
societies followed. Temperance tales were
printed. Reformed drunkards formed
Washingtonian societies, whose prophet
was John B. Gough. The cause had a lit
tle setback in the middle of the century
but, like all absolutely necessary reforms'
roso triumphant. , -
Early Temperance Societies.
ed the Rutland Herald in 1794, a newspaper
which is still in existence. His son, the
Governor of Vermont, said: "There was
not at the time a lawyer from Middlebury
to Bennington who was a professor of
religion y or willing to be known as a friend
to Christianity; their offices were open on
the Sabbath. Multitudes frequented tne
taverns at Rutland, groups that rum and
infidelity brought together vying with
each other in blasphemy.'-'
• Among the many effects attributed to
the spread of French deism was the alter
ation in the observance of Sunday. This
[ did not progress without protest. Sunday
travel was still prohibited. In 1S02 Boston
rulers tried to enforce the edict against
bathing at the foot of the common on
Sunday:
"Now our wise rulers and the law
-Say none shall wash on Sunday,
• So Boston folks must dirty go -
And wash them twice on Monday."
. It does not seem unreasonable to object
on very secular grounds to Sunday bath
ing on that spot.
In 1S10 the Postmaster General ordered
all postmasters who received mail on
Sunday to keep open offices, but his Puri
tan conscience directed his mailcarriers
to travel quietly and in no way to <Ji\-ert
attention from the church services. Re
monstrances arose. It was declared the
public convenience required travel and
mail transference, and that piou= corre
spondence, supplies to the needy, consola
tion to the afflicted and works of charity
were transmitted, as well as secular mat
ter, and should not be delayed. In 1&5
some zealots denounced exchanges of
ministers from town to town as violating
the Sabbath. Then Sabbath unions were
lormed and many reforms were effected.
Thus did public opinion waver.
In 1800 Dr. Waterhouse of Cambridge,
Mass., published a pamphlet on "The
Prospect of Exterminating the Small
pcx, etc. He at once vaccinated three
The newspapers of the early century
show how much excitement ;-there .was
over the introduction of vaccination as a
protection against smallpox. That disease
was a horrible .and universal scourge;
far more people had suffered from it
either through contagion or. inoculation
than had not had it. The latter class liv
ed in daily terror of disfigurement and
death. The words "pock-marked^* "pock
fretteh," "pock-broken," "pock-pitted,"
appear in nearly every personal descrip
tion" of the eighteenth century. It had
brought not only death but business dis
aster and ruin to the colonists. New
England had been devastated seven times
by the disease. Inoculation had con
trolled It but there seemed to be no hope
of exterminating it. The first public no
tice of vaccination was in 1799.
It was a constant complaint that
French Infidelity had seized the educated
classes everywhere. The Congregational
minister of Rutland, Vt., Dr. Samuel Wil
liams, left his pulpit in despair and start-
About the Observance of Sunday.
Adams in politics, and Massachusetts
Federalists regarded with abhorrence all
Democrats and followers of Jefferson - as
French deists and drunkards. If they
did not deem every ' Democrat a profane
rascal, they were positive every profane
rascal was a Democrat. The story is told
of an election early in the . century at
Hadley. Mass., at which, when the ballots
were counted, one "Democratic vote was
found. TXie uproar and tumult Was great;
all wondered who the ungodly and abom
inable creature could have been who thus
disgraced .the entire town. After a time
a lean old man mounted' a. furry horse,
rode off to a safe distance and defiantly
called back, "I cast that 'ere Dimmercrat
vote," and galloped off amid a shower of
stones. Some years later Nathaniel Haw
thorne found himself in a somewhat sim
ilar position in Salem.
The best preserved work of the archi
tect and the most complete is Raynham
Hall. Fakenham, Norfolk, the residence
of Lady Lacon.
The volume will contain as a frontis
piece a reproduction of the engraving
from Van Dyke's portrait of Inigo Jones,
In the possession of the Duke of Devon
shire.
In view of the revived interest shown
during recent years in architecture of the
Renaissance. H. Triggs and Henry Tan
ner have considered the time opportune
for preparing a volume devoted to the
illustration and description of the most
important works of Inigo Jones, one of
England's greatest architects.
Mrs. Toynbee hopes' to publish a com
plete edition of. the letters, considerably
more than half of which have never been
printed. The Berry edition, published
nearly a century a?o, consisted of selec
tions representing only 343 letters.
Mrs. Paget Toynbee has had the good
fortune to discover in private hands the
originals of letters, about eight hundred
in number, addressed by Mme. de Deffand
to Horace Walpole between 1766 and 178U.
The majority are in the handwriting of
Mme. de Deffand's amanuensis, but sev
eral were written by Mme. de Deffand
herself in a wonderfully clear, large,
round hand, which she contrived to writa
after sha had become blind.
Hall Calne's new novel will doubtless be
the book of the autumn— more than ever
the book of the autumn if the impending
litigation comes off at the time expected.
It seems probable that tord Rosebery.
whose monograph on Napoleon has been
translated into French, will publish next
year a larger work on the same subject,
In which the career of L'Algle will be
more fully discussed than in his recent
book, wherein the last phase was mainly
under consideration.
Miss Kathleen Haydn Green Is the first
Lady Mayoress who has published a book
during the tenure of her office.
Miss Green's first volume, a book of
verse, appeared in 1890. Her new book will
be published immediately by John Lane. It
is entitled "Twelve Allegories," among
the titles of which are "The Man- Who
Had Nothing or His Own," "Men Who
Have Sought the Unattainable" and "The
Woman \vho Wasted Her lears."
The famous detective, SherlocK Holmes,
will make his reappearance in the Sep
tember Strand Magazine. The book will
take the form not of short stories but of
a novel -of somewhere about fifty thou
sand words, about half of which are now
ready; No reference is to be made ut all
to the death of Sherlock Holmes, it being
merely, assumed that one of his earlier
experiences is being narrated. Dr. Conan
Doyle held out long against the most flat
tering offers, but was overcome at last.
A rather serjous accident which hap
pened to Jerome K. Jerome three weeKa
ago has been kept remarkably secret. He
was driving wltn Miss Lorlmer, herself a
novelist, behind a tandem in the neigh
borhood of his Wallingford house, when,
losing his eyeglasses, he ran into a bank.
Mr. Jerome smashed his ankle, and Miss
Lorimer's/ foot was seriously Injured. But
for all his helplessness Mr. Jerome is
quietly working over a novel on which he
has been intermittently engaged for three
years: He has made money, more espe
cially in America, with his play, "Miss
Hobbs," and now has a new piay finished,
which I hear contains some rather orig
inal and striking stage business. Daniel
Frohman was tne other day at his bed
side as a visitor to Mr. Jerome, of course
from motives of business as well as of
sympathy.
Mrs. Creighton has recovered from her
serious illness and is now engaged on the
biography of the late Bishop of London,
which the Messrs. Longmans hope to pub
lish in the autumn.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON'S WORLD
OF LETTERS
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
XVII.— VARIOUS DETATLS OF DIFFERENCE.
AND DRINKERS." ETC.
By .Aiioe Morse. Earl©,
AUTHOR OF "ST^lGE COACH AND TVERN DAYS," "OLD-TIME DRINKS
• ¦.-.. • 1 •; — : — — -.¦¦". • .. •
What Americans of One Hundred Years
Ago Did in the Arts of Civiliza
? ti.bn and Society.
Prepared by Experts and -Specialists, for
v The San Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
bequeath the electric light. We received
the lire bucftet; we bequeath our steam
and electric flre engines and our fire sys
tem. ' We received the well and spring
house;'we bequeath cold storage, artifi
cial Ice plants and liquid air. We received
the stage coach; we bequeath the steam
railroad, electric cars and automobiles.
We received the sailboat and horseboat:
we bequeath the steamship. We received
the post rider; we bequeath the telegraph
and telephone. We received the well
sweep; we bequeath the vest reservoir and
water system. We received small homes
of wood sftid brick; we bequeath our great
iron and stone hotels arid apartment
houses. We received scant knowledge or
thought of sanitation, antiseptics or
drainage; we bequeath our street-clean
ing and sewerage systems, our quaran
tine and public-health departments, our
discoveries in bacteriology. In medicine
we received mercury and bleeding; we be
queath our magnificent discoveries and
practice In medicine and surgery and our
hundreds of hospitals and asylums.
But we have not space to tell the great
bequests the century leaves, and a3 for
the -Infinite number of small comforts,
protections, devices and Improvements—
who can enumerate them?
Life seems too short for men to attend to more
than the news and duties of each day, and the clan
gathering of last year seems as remote as the war
council of Highland chiefs the night before Culloden.
It was all of vital interest about one year ago, and
now it is forgotten. The judgment staked on the is
sue proved to be faulty, and now the resplendent
colonels a«d others "have been." It. illustrates the
ephemeral nature of mere convention reputations.
Turning to the Republican National Convention, who
now remembers the name of the delegate that nomi
nated McKinley? At the moment of the action he
was the most envied of men, and by the estimate- put
upon the importance of his position one would have
thought that he was speaking himself into immortal
ity. Twelve months have passed and no one remem
bers who was so favored of the gods and envied of
men.
Rare days were they, when hyperbole, metaphor,
allegory and figures of speech sweat and swore like
overworked harvest hands, and there were "demon
strations" on the convention floor that lasted thirty
seven minutes by the watch.
scene. Again the bands play, men and women shout,
and then a colonel speaks. Listen! He says the party
skies have a rosy tinge and that the people in more
than thunder tones are demanding "the gold that pol
ished the winged sandals of Hermes and the silver
that glitters in the bow of Diana."
Passing over to the Democratic national conven
tion, the proceedings read like the roster of the staff
ot an army with banners. There were colonels born
to the title, others who won it in the Union and Con
federate ranks, and still others who laid aside their
war harness as privates and had promoted them
selves. The bright, resplendent militia colonel was
there, and the members of the junior order of real
colonels created by the Spanish war. It is a stirring
Mixed with it was the predicted downfall of the
republic and the coming of chaos and black night
unless Bryan were elected to turn the switch in time
to prevent the crash.
Then Major John Brown (colored), of Kansas also,
a veteran of the Cuban campaign, arose, and so did
the roof, when he pledged and plighted the colored
vote to the Silver Republicans. This black man was
followed by Mr. Crow of Dakota, and a long and
able lunged line of colonels, majors and captains,' all
pledging States and sections and solid blocks of
electoral votes to Bryan and Towne. K
Going into the Silver Republican convention one
sees Senator Teller, hoarse as a frog and hot as Yuma,
foretelling the triumph of silver and with the zeal
of an apostate denouncing his former party associates.
There are cries for Joseph Waters- of Kansas, and
he comes, full of fiery metaphors, which roused the
convention to a fine rage. For a brief space the
troubled Waters held the stage, and passed, where
no one knows. • .
Those- were great days and brought into focus for
a time a large number of men who passed thence into
obscurity or have a precarious hold upon public 1 * at
tention.
, Just take up a yearling paper and read it. The
proceedings of the Silver Republican and Democratic
conventions at Kansas. City pass like a procession
that is never to countermarch. , •
TURNING back to the four weeks of 1000 -that
passed between the middle of June and middle
of July one seems carried into a forgotten
world. " . . ¦
THE PASSING SHOW. 1
It is.not likely that any; of these schemes of bal
lot restriction will be accepted, but they are interest
ing as showing the diversity of Alabama sentiment on
the subject It will be seen that one of them would
exclude from the polls every citizen who cannot speak
English, which looks as if there were an anti-foreign
element in the State. '. The proposal that every man
who has a home shall have a vote shows that there is
some sense of appreciation of industrious and thrifty
negroes and a willingness. to let that class vote. ' The
proposal to give illiterates a colored ballot to count
for one-fourth vote is another evidence of the exist
ence of a glimmer of justice in the convention, for
while such a provision is riot Icommendable in it
self, it is certainly better than excluding educated
black men from the polls while admitting ignorant
white men.
The four bills referred to differ ( widely from one
another. One of them, submitted by Pillans' of Mo
bile, provides simply that no person shall be permitted
to vote or to register unless able to speak the Eng
lish language. Bulger of Tallapoosa would require
that all electors be able to read and understand the
constitution, but exempts from that requirement
every one who was a qualified voter January i, 1867.
Miller of Wilcox proposes a more elaborate system
of restriction. His plan makes qualifications as to
age, residence, education and taxable property to the
value of $300, exempts soldiers and descendants within
the fourth de'gree and persons who could vote in 1867
and their descendants within the second degree, fixes
1908 as the year in which all who offer to vote for the
first time' shall be possessed of the general qualifica
tions; also contains a poll tax clause and provides
that owners of homes shall be entitled to vote, irre
spective, of value. . '
An original and novel proposition was submitted by
Banks of Russell.. This plan, in addition to providing
a poll tax which must be paid as a preliminary to.vot
ing, disfranchising persons who sell their votes and
men who abandon their wives and children, contains
provision for a white and a colored ballot to be used
in all elections; ballot and booths are to be similar to
the Australian system, except that all electors who
can prepare their ballots without aid are to be given
ii (white ballot; those who need assistance in-prepar
ing the'ballot are tcbe given a colored ballot, but
are permitted to select their own marker; colored bal
lots count as one-fourth of a vote; lifter 1906 all per
sons coming into Alabama after' ratification of the
constitution and all who shall have become 21 years
of age in the meantime shall be 'able to read and write
before voting. • -,
ALABAMA, SUFFRAGE^ SCHEMES. :
A .LABAMA'S constitution vmakers ¦ are "not suf
fering from any lack of ideas concerning suf
, frage restrictions. We learn from the Mobile
'Register that on a single day, June 5, there-were in
troduced no less than;four suffrage bills, and, as not
"one'of them corresponds to the plan advocated by
Senator Morgan, it is probable they are but the fore
runners of a .larger crop to come. •, .¦-.-•
THE "'sA^fi^jNC 14, 1901
FRIDAY • JUNE 14, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
~ klinn All' Coicianniatisai to W. 8. LEAKS. Hunger.
MA.\AGEH'S OFFICE Telephone Pr J^|^5^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Mnrkft find. Third. S. K.
Telephone Preaa SOI.
EDITOniAL IlOOaiS 217 <o 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Preii 2O2.
Dellrcred br Carrier*. 15 Out* Per Weelc
Slnarle Coplea. 5 Cent*.
Terma l»y Mall. Including; Foitasei
DAILT CALX, {including Suncay). one year tt-W
DAILY CALL Ondudlnr Sunday). « months S-W
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1-50
T»AILT CALL-By Einjrle Month • 6Sc
WEEKLY CALL. One Year..... x -°°
All poatmaaterft are nuthorlsed to receive
MnhncrtptfonM.
6ample copies ¦will be forwarded when requested.
Mall Mjbserlbers 1" erderlns chanre of uddresn should b«
rartlcular to tfve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE . .1118 Broadiray
A
% C. GEORGE KROtejTESS. \ I '
KlBtger rertign Airartif in?. Karqiittte Building, CMeijo.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2«1>.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAULTOV Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnlldlna;
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. ' Brentano. SI Union Square;
Hurray E1U HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6herman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Bouse; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHT7CGTOX <T». C> OFFICE 1-tOfl (i St., Tt. "W.
JIORTO.Y E. CRANE, Correapondent.
BIl ANCIT OFFICES — W7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until t:SO o'clock. S0O- Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t:20 o'clock. 1*11 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until • o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
?J0O Flllmore. open until 8 p. m.
Tammany "Wigwam, 1812 to 1867, Frankfort and Nassau Streets.
6
SUMMER RATES at Hotel .del Coronado,
Coronado Beach. Cal.. effective ' after, April IS.
$60 for round trip, including 15 days at hotel!
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery sC
The manufacture and sale of dclla In
Europe exceeds 26,000,000 a year. One firm
In : Paris turns out 2000 dolte a dav -and
many other houses make even, larger
numbers. *\y. : \. , . . ,
Special information suppUed dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;. 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at ToVnsend's."
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hot«l*
Columbia— "Darcy of the Guards."
Alcazar— 'Tor Bonnie Prince Charlie." ' •.
Grand Opera-house — "The Empress Theodora." !
California— "A. Parisian Romance,"
Central— "Jim the Westerner."
TivoH— "The Toy Maker."
Orrfceum — Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlnc.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. ,
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths — Swimming.
Emeryville Racetrack — Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
By A- M. Scott & Co.— Saturday. June 15. at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at SS Dore Etreet.
By G H. Cmbsen & Co.— Monday. June 14, at 12 o'clock.
Choice Property, at 14 Montgomery Btreet.
AUCTION SALES.
C«U Bubsertbera contemplating; m. cttnnsr» «t
reclAeace during the summer monthi can barn
their paper forwarded l»r mall to their new
Mdreurs fcy notifying Tne Call Business Office.
Tata paper will also be on sale at all summer
VMurts and la repreaented by a local aftat lm
•U towns *n the coaat.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWI FOR THE SUHMEB.7
FINE CHURCH EDIFICE TO BE ERECTED IN HOLY REDEEMER PAR
ISH, FROM THE PLAN OF CHARLES J. DEVLIN, THE" ARCHITECT.
THE AUDITORIUM WILL SEAT 800 PEOPLE^
The exhibits at Mechanics' Pavilion are
to comprise displays from the different
branches of Epworth League work, from
religious organizations, from the counties
of the State, from private business houses
and corporations and from the >rallroads.
The missionary exhibit will contain rep
resentatives of the different peoples
among whom missionary work has been
done, together with specimens of their
native arts and products. The Prune
Growers' Association will have many
unique figures made from prunes, with a
multitude of illustrations of the uses to
which the fruit may be put. The South
ern Pacific Railroad will have an excep
tionallv One exhibit of redwoods. The
Santa ~Fe will show specimens of various
interesting curios to be found along Its
route. It is expected also that there will
be a display furnished by the Chinese Six
Companies, and this" feature is particular
ly desired on account of the interest taken
by visiting Easterners in the Chinese of
the Pacific .Coast. Many of the largest
local mercantile houses are also planning
to assist in a typical California exhibit.
Tickets will be placed on sale at the
special Epworth League rate in Chicago
on July 6 and will be sold for eight cotir
secutive days. The majority of the Ep
worth Leaguers are expected to come di
rect to San Francisco and from this city
make excursions to surrounding towns.
The Chamber of Commerce and the Meth
odists of Los Angeles will hold a recep
tion, however, to the Epworth Leaguers
who pass through there only July 13 and
14 on their way to San Francisco.
The hotel men are all looking forward
to the visit of the Epworth League. At
the present time the hotels are not crowd
ed, and the hotel men say that they will
have ample accommodations to handle the
vast army that will arrive. A register
has also been made of all the private
houses where rooms can be secured.
The handling of the baggage will not
be given exclusively to one transfer com
pany. The committee of arrangements
has decided that the moving of the trunks
is too big an undertaking for one concern.
All the reputable transfer companies will
be asked to pool on the business.
There will be an absence of all these
inconveniences this year, if the arrange
ments that were made in the railroad
bunding yesjerday are carried out to the
letter. The baggage of the Epworth
Leaguers will be brought over from the
Oakland mole in a special boat and not.
as is usually the custom, on a ferry boat.
Upon arrlying on this side the trunks will
be piled in small lots and located accord
ing to numbers.
When the Christian Endeavorers were
here three years ago the handling of the
baggage was a disgrace to a city with
the facilities of San • Francisco. Ths
trunks on this occasion accumulated by
the hundreds in one big pile,- which as
sumed the proportions of a mountain.
Many of the owners of the trunks were
unable to find them and those that did
locate their Saratogas were unable to se
cure them, as numbers of the trunks were
at the bottom of the. pile and could not
be reached. Numbers of the Christian
Endeavorers never received their trunks
until they had returned to their homes In
the East. ¦ ' ¦ ,
The handling of the baggage of 30.000
visitors is no small matter, and as that
number of Epworth League members are
expected to arrive here about July 10 for
the annual convention that takes place in
this city extensive arrangements were
made yesterday by the national officials
for the prompt delivery of their trunks
and valises.
No Delay in Handling
of Epworth League
Trunks. ;
ARRANGEMENTS
FOR BAGGAGE
Civil Service Examination.
1 The Civil Service Commissioners will
! hold an examination at the City Hall next
; Tuesday, beginning at' 1 p. m., for- the
> position of Superintendent of Public
I Buildings. Department of Public Works.
j This position is worth $200 a month." So
I far only four applications for this posi
! lion have been filed. -and In the hope of
* securing more applicants the.Commission
ers have extended the time of filing ap
} plications up to next Monday afternoon
I at 5 o'clock, v
His Health.
Sir Bosdin T. Leach, who arrived from
the Orient yesterday, is a well-known
business man of Manchester,, England.
He is president of the Manchester Steam
ship Company and ¦ is touring the world
for his health.
In an interview at his rooms at the Pal
ace Hotel Jast evening Sir Bosdin stated
that times at present were most prosper
ous In England. He is most anxious to
impress on all American merchants the
importance of recognizing the value of
I Manchester as a center for the sale of
American products shipped to England.
Sir Bosdin T. Leach Arrives From
Orient— Is Touring World for
MANCHESTER STEAMSHIP
COMPANY PRESIDENT HERE
Er. Buckley, Member of the Board of
Health, Characterizes Certain
Suggestions as Absurd.
Dr. V. P. Buckley, chairman of the
Health and Hospital Committee of the
Board of Health, sent a communication
to the Mayor yesterday anent the stric
tures on the management of the City and
County Hospital contained in the last
Grand Jury's report. Dr; Buckley han
dles, the inquisitorial body, without gloves
for making what he terms absurd sug
g-c-Etions. Among other things he says:
The puggeFtlon by the Grand Jury that con
valescent patients be made to cut up the trees
for lire wood is absurd. Persons strong enough
for that work are not kept in a hospital. The
puggestion that the election booths used by the
nurses be removed and the inclosure be . con
verted into a erassy lawn for the patients is
Impracticable. The pile of old iron complained
of had been there for many years and likely
will be for majiy more. No one will take It
away and we are considering the advisability
of digging a hole and burying It. Relative to
complaint about dogs, I will state that tho
assertion that they are annoyances to every
one and exist at the expense of the hospital
funds is not worthy of consideration.
REPLIES TO STRICTURES
OF THE GRAND JURY
Object to the Addition of a Third
Story to tb.e Ihidley
1 Stone School.
The request of the Board of Education
for a permit to add a third story to* the
Dudley Stone School and to 'make other
alterations and repairs was yesterday re
ferred by the Fire Committee of the Board
of Supervisors to the Board of Works for
investigation, because of the protests of
property owners in the vicinity of the
school building. The Board of Works has
already prepared plans for the alterations
at the recuest of the School Board.
The Chutes Company was granted per
mission to alter the plans of a building
at the southeast corner of Tenth avenue
and D street so as to convert a por
tion of It into a theater under the super
vision of the Board of Works. , .
FROPERTY-OWNERS ENTER
STRONG PROTEST AGAINST
PLANS for the new Catholic
church building of Holy Re
deemer parish have been adopted
and the erection of the sacred ed
ifice has already commenced. The
church Is to be located on the west side
of Diamond' street, near Eighteenth, and
will have a frontage of 65 feet and a depth
of 125 feet. There will be two floors to
the building, the lower being for hall pur
poses, Sunday school and entertainments.
The upper floor, where services will be.
held, will have a seating capacity of about
800. The church ceiling will be enriched
with panels and moldings. The walls will
be treated with pilasters and arches, pro T
ducing an arcade effect.'
Fourteen stained glass windows will af
ford abundance.of light in the auditorium
and add to the richness of the wall ef
fects. The sajictuary will be finished with
an elliptical coffer-paned ceiling and light
ed with three stained glass windows.
The entire edifice will be lighted
throughout by electricity. The interior
woodwork will be of yellow pine, var
nished and finished in the natural state.
The plastered walls and ceilings will be
tir-ted in such tones as to produce the
most harmonious effects. The building is
on classic lines of the Ionic style. The
height of the towero from sidewalk to the
top of the crosses is 90 feet. Charles J.
Devlin is the architect.
The parish is only six months estab
lished, and that so much progress has
been made is due to the earnestness and
i hard work of the Rev. Father Joseph P.
McQuaide, who is laboring earnestly to
raise the necessary funds to erect the
building.
Holy Redeemer Parish. Picnic.
The first social gathering of the congre
gation of the Holy Redeemer parish*of
the year will be held on next Saturday at
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael. An unusu
i ally varied programme of games and
! amusements has been arranged by a se
lect committee and ample provision made
to insure the comfort and pleasure of the
I picnickers. There will be boats to suit
: the conveniences of all. They will leave
I at 9 and 11 a. m. and 12:35, 1:30 and 3:30
p. m., and a special will leave the park
! for home at 6:30. The Rev. Joseph P. Mc
| Quade is rector of the parish.
Headine Off Politicians.
The Building Trades Council has
adopted the following resolution:
TVithin the past few days the disturbed con
ditions exiFtinK between labor and capital have
Fupgest^d to eome persons connected with the
miscellaneous trades the advisability of turn
\r.e such conditions to political account in the
h<ipe that the difficulties now being experienced
Viotween employers and employees had reached
that Ftape of agitation that the latter could be
rrarshaled into convention and the entire
Ftrer.gth be utilized in the support of certain
interests and a certain set of candidates under
the banner of labor, the plan discussed being
Th(* apsc-mblir*^ of a labor convention, the *»e
lf-ction of candidates for political preferment
end the placing of such candidates upon the
ballot by r^tition.
With a few who are affiliated with some of
the m:sr-rllaneous trades this suKirestion met
v.- : th immediate approval, but the careful and
thinkir.ft majority constituting organized labor
fas df-oriel surh innovation and sternly op
r*>sps the participation in i>olitics by the or
panizatinns. as «n exclusive political labor
]>arty. This course has been pursued by all
letrUimate unions and has proven to be the only
rn f e m*-thod and the only method by which
labor has r*en able to support those in whom it
reitnued complete confidence regardless of par
t Ksnphip. thereby preserving and prot*c*.!ng'
ih* uni<-n against political division and bring
ing to thp public service the persons in whose
tatnfia the municipal government has been safe
fp.1 secure and labor'e interests have been pro
tert«>d.
Th- nuil'iirijr Tramps Council represents many
t>T-'U! t r.n<ls of property owners and taxpayers,
vhn are as Jealous of their interests as any
rth*r affiliated body, be it commercial, mer
rant 1p. financial or any other body, and
realizes that the only way to properly «=ub
**-rw thoFP interests i* to affiliate with such
t>o<i!es in the support of safe and careful men
for p-jl.lir trusts. It has been found at all
t ; rrr? VflricfnS in the interest of the best cov
»-r-rrr>ent. side by Fide with rurh organizations.
rnd has been Fuccepsful net only In bringing to
ihf community r«?w laws by which the whole
rrrrmuri!?y has benefited, but has also assisted
in placing the administration of those laws In
the hands rt safe and competent officials.
Jt is for this re«son that the Building Trades
fnuricil '.f> unalterably opposed to. and Fternly
denounces any attempt on the part of any per
son or persons connected with orKanized labor.
t> orpsnize a so-called labor convention or party
p« inimical to labor"? interests, an attempt to
<a'j?<> in labor ranks axi<l the eFtab-
Jrtmert of a policy which. If pursued, would
j rove not only detrimental and disastrous to
the interests of labor, but of the entire com
r™:n'.ty: but on the contrary we have always
fivrre'd the part'eipation in politics by the in
<H*i£oa] merrlrfrs and by the unions and cen
tral borlirs when labor's interests are at stake
pnd th^re are before the people, seeking sup
pert, those who have proven loyal to the in
tereFt« of lpbor ard measures which are in
tended for the (pood of the community.
V.> condemn the suggested convention and
pptUinn plan, but earnestly approve of those
pff listed with labor participating tn and ex
r-rr'.Bing the civic duty of selecting competcrt
ri»d faithful public servants, in the manner
calculate! to inrure such selections from th«
entire people to the exclusion of none who have
been trl°d an<i found to possess the elements of
compels -«cv ard honesty.
P. II. M'CARTHT.
President B. T. C.
O. A. TVEITMOE.
Secretary.
AGEXERAI* summary of th$ situa
tion in the strike of the journey
men butchers shows that neither
?Ide has rained or lost.
Butcher shops are still doing
business, but with a crippled force. Peo
ple are petting meat as they did before
the day the journeymen butchers went
out. From the interior men are coming
to handle the slaughtered product. Deliv
ery wagons have to wait upon them only
for their lack of deftness. There the sit
uation ends.
Butcher shops throughout the city were
running during the day. People got meat.
The Journeymen Butchers mot at the
Turk-street Temple during the afternoon
nnd received reports that certain un
named slaughterers and owners of large
bands of cattle would be able to supply
for three weeks a sufficient quantity of
beef and mutton to satisfy all demands.
The Wholesale Butchers' Association
held a meeting yesterday afternoon in
the office of Miller & Lux for the purpose
of outlining a plan of future action.
After the meeting Attorney Frohman,
representing the wholesalers, said:
"The wholesalers intend to treat this
us a live issue. Day after day we labored
t<-» avoid the present difficulties. Even
jifter the Retail Butchers' Association pe
titioned us to protect them against the
labor unions we delayed taking precipi
tate action in the hope that the trouble
would eventually end.
Agreed to the Schedule.
"The assertion on the part of the strikers
that the wholesalers were attempting to
l.reak the backbone of the journeymen's
union is absolutely false, for retailers
agreed to the schedule submitted by the
men and the shops v.-cre declared fair.
Some of the dealers, hoping to aid their
business, displayed union cards. This dis
play was optional, according to the agree
ment. The journeymen distributed thou
rands of cards, calling upon the public to
patronize only those shops displaying the
union signs. This was a boycott. In Oak
land the journeymen called upon the
vholrsalers to keep the union cards in
their places of business and that drew the
wholesalers into the fight.
"The retailers then made their appeal to
us. They peremptorily demanded that we
protect them from the unjust boycott
vhich was being levied against them by
ihe labor unions. Assistance was granted,
becaii?e if the butchers were forced to
submit to the domination of the unions, no
restaurant, no bakery nor individual could
hold out arainst their demands. They
could shut off the necessaries of life and
have us all at their mercy."
Abattoirs Are Idle.
Abattoirs at Butchertown, Berkeley,
Oakland and other places in the imme
diate vicinity of the bay are idle, but it is
not expected that this condition will last
long. The employing butchers, acting
ss a unit, have decided not to give meat
to any shop having union affiliations. As
the sunply of the various butcher shops
throughout this city and elsewhere re
mains in their hands the journeymen ap
parently have to override this situation.
It may be further stated that unless a re
cession is made regarding demands the
people of the city will experience the
meat famine predicted a few days ago.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Journeymen Butchers' Association
was held last night to consider matters
effecting the strike. The meeting was
harmonious but failed to develop results.
A disposition was manifested to avoid
meeting the issue directly. A conference
of the Journeymen Butchers will be held
to-day at the Turk-street Temple.
IX the matter of the strike of the iron
workers no change was observable
yesterday. Headquarters has been
established at Third and Brannan
streets for the machinists' helpers.
It Is estimated that between all the
unions whose members are out on strike
about 6000 men are concerned. The wages
of the men. according to the various
branches of trade in which they are em
ployed, vary from $1 50 to $5 a day. A
conservative estimate of "the amount of j
wages now being lost by the strikers and |
others places the amount approximately
at $300.<XK>.
The Metal Trades Association has is
sued a Ptatement through George E. Dow
In which is laid down the conditions upon
which the individual grievance of each
man will be adjusted. The most striking
paragraphs of the announcement are con
tained in the following extracts:
Disapproving absolutely of strikes and lock
outs, the members of the association will not
arbitrate any question with men on strike.
Neither will this afsiriatinn countenance a
lockout on any arbitrable question unless ar
bitration has failed.
Employment — No discrimination will be made
against any member of any nociety or or
ganization. Every workman who elects to
work in a shon will be required to work peace
ably and harmoniously with all his fellow em
ployes.
Apprentices, helpers and handy men— The
number of apprentices, helpers and handy men
to bft employed will be determined s5lely by
the employer. i
Cooks' and Waiters' New Officers.
At the semi-annual election of the Pa
cific Coast Waiters' Association, the first
organization of cooks and waiters on this
coast, the following officers were elected
and will be instal'ed at a smoker to be
held at California Hall on Julr 2:
President. F\ Elling: vice president, A. Kuhn;
treasurer. Charles Stickel. recording secretary.
J. S. Fytton: financial secretary. J- E. Marsh;
board of. directors— H. Besenthal. E. Hoppi,
James Kennedy. Charles LeicherinK. C..F. Pet
erscn. B. Kandell and \V. Turner.
Musicians Indorse Strike.
At a meeting of the Musicians' Union,
•which was held yesterday afternon at
Golden Gate Hall, the strike of the Cooks
and Waiters was indorsed. M. Davis and
P. J. Johannsen, delegates who had been
sent by the local union to attend the con
vention of the National Federation of
Musicians, which was held at Denver,
rendered their report.
Stationary Engineers Meet.
Delegations from the Teamsters and
Steamfitters addressed the Stationery En
gineers last night at their meeting place,
1159 Mission street. T. Westoby. the na
tional organizer, was present.
CHICAGO MACHINISTS WIN.
Six Firms Make a Settlement With
Their Striking Employes.
CHICAGO, June 13.— A break occurred
to-day in the ranks of the Chicago ma
chinery manufacturers whose employes
are on strike. Six firms employing 1.13
men reached a settlement with their strik
ing machinists and the men will return
to work to-morrow under am agreement
securing to them the nine-hour day and
an increase in wages acceptable to the
CIXCIXXATI. June 13.— The Machinists'
Union of Covington. Ky.. sent a letter
to Governor Beckham in which thfy ap
peal for an investigation of the action of
Professor J. P. Anderson of the Kentucky
State College, who, they claim, is sending
students from the mechanical department
of the college to Cincinnati to take the
places of the striking machinists. The of
ficers of the union assert that ten students
are now at work in various shops in Cin
cinnati, and that they are working with
out any pay whatever.
CAPTAIN LZAIiE GIVES
PLEASANT BAY EXCURSION
Jolly Crowd on Steamer Caroline
Extends Greeting to the Bat
tleship Oregon.
Captain Leale's stanch little craft, the
Caroline, carried a gay crowd around the
bay last night. The jolly skipper asked
his friends to come with him and cele
brate the return of the battleship Oregon,
and a celebration it was in every respect.
For fully an hour the Caroline steamed
about the "pride of the navy." From the
decks of the little steamer was wafted the
strains of sweet music, which roused to
life the jackies occupying: soft spots on
the deck of the "bulldog." Three hearty
cheers for the Oregon were given by the
passengers on the Caroline. They were
answered with three ringing ones from
the battleshir>.
Billy Hinds was on the Caroline and gav.i
his famous "Laughing Song" and was
heartily applauded by the bluejackets.
He was followed by Homer Henley, who
rendered "The Holy City" with much suc
cess.
As a parting salute the choruses of sev
eral popular ditties were then sung by
Captain I^eale's passengers.
The Caroline then steamed for its berth
at Jackson-street wharf. On the return
trip light refreshments were served.
Those who made the trip were loud in
their nraises of Captain Leale's hospital
ity.
Building Trades Council Denounces Attempt
Being Made to Form the Union Laborers
Into an Exclusive Political Organization
BUTCHERS AND THE MACHINISTS
STILL FIRM IN THEIR DEMANDS
ctheIsan
The Rev. Father McQuaide, Though at Head of the New
Charge Only Six Months, Gets the Work Under
and Laboring Hard to Raise Balance of Money Necessary
ERECTION OF FINE CHURCH EDIFICE
BEGINS IN HOLY REDEEMER PARISH
1. 1 W nsS las B
"NEXT WEEK THE LAST— DON'T MISS IT"
EVENINGS AT 8.
BRING THE CHILDREN. i
ANOTflttt TOY *uUVj?.114'21ATINEE
' cn SATURDW, Jane I5th
THE
JUNE 24th— "BABES IN THE WOODS."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and Mo
Telephone— Bush 9.
VAUDEVILLE'S D1GB-¥ATE2 MARK
EZRA KENDALL.
GARDNER AND MADDERN. DOHERTT
SISTERS. THE TOBINS. SPENSER KEL-
LY. HINES AND REMINGTON. FLOR-
KNTP. BINDLEY, FLATT AND SUTHEK-
LAND.
TH^ BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats 23c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cbalrs
and Box Seats 5Cc
Matinees "Wednesday. Saturday and Sucdav.
\9 %$ L> y illDl SK LEADIS Q THEATRE
EVERY NIGHT (EXCEPT SUNDAY).
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
HENRYMILLER
And a Strong Supporting Cast in the New
Romantic Play.
DARCY OF THE GUARDS.
' A Story of 1777 by Louis Evan Shlpman.
Next "Week — Farewell Performances Henry
Miller Season:
First 2 Nights and Wednesday Matinee
.' — "Darcy of the Guards"
Wednesday Night
"The Importance of Being Earnest"
Remainder of Week
Last Timfs Here of "Heartsease"
TO-NIGHT.
** MATINEE TO-MORROW '.
And
TO-MORROW EVENING.
GOOD-BY PERFORMANCES — •
Of the Favorites.
MR. JAmES NEILL
And the NEILL Company,
Presenting
A PARISIAN
ROMANCE.
KIND PERMISSION OF
MR RICHARD MANSFIELD.
EVENING 25c. 35c. gQc. 7Ec. ft
BEiASCOA"atHALC&y>tf($p
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Evenings
MATINEES TOrMORROW AND SUNDAY.
A BIG HIT— The Fascinating Melodrama.
mJ i fVi i " One ° f tha De8t i
m ~_ a i American plays ever I
T*¥ ¥ /*"* • wrttten." •
WESTERNER.
POirCQ Evenings ....10c. 15c. 23c. 33c. BOo
I alWCJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 25o
Next Week— Nellie McHenry*s Great Success,
"A NIGHT AT THE CIRCUS."
For Bonnie Prince Charlie.
COUNTESS VALESKA.
Orchestra, first 8 rows. 73c. V
Next "Week— FLORENCE ROBERTS as
Supported by "White JVhittlesey, In, Julia
Marlowe's Success.
Florence 'Roberts
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
hbl *^ LJ C? JE1 T E? S? . \a
M Jut. A >n JE»j?"\ I w\ mSm w
RACING I RACING I RACING!
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.'
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thuri-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:39 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AU trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at .Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electrlo
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:43 p m. and immediately after th« last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
"GISilONDA."
Next "Week— MELBOURNE MACDOWELL In
BALAJJCE OF THIS WEEK,
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE. In
SARDOU'S WONDERFUL PLAT.
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA!"
Most Elaborate Production in the City.
POPULAR PRICES-lOc. 15c. 23c. 50c. 73c. '
Good Orchestra Seat AU Matinees 23c.
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SL*Nt)AT.
ORANH' OPERA. MOUSE
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
PICKANINNY MATINEE.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT CAKE WALK.
CHUTES AND ZOO E ;^i£T
Most hair* preparations are rher<?ly
pcalp Irritants, miscalled hair tonlfs.
When hair is brittle, lusterless and begins
to fall out. the dandruff germ is gettlncr
In its deadly work at the root, sapping
1h<> vitality. Since science discovered that
dandruff is a germ disease there has be^n
only one preparation put on the market
that will actually destroy the dandruff
R( >rm. and that Is ICewhro's Herplcide. It
allay* itchinp instantly, destroys the
gprm; and then falling hair stops, and
hair grows luxuriantly. Ask your drug-
pist for Herplcide. . It allays itching in-
Ftantly; makes hair grow. ,
Most Hair Preparations Are Merely
Scalp Irritants, of No Value.
MISCALLED ''HAIB TONICS."
UEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eighth and Harrison «treet9.
RECREATION PARK,
/vr 3«is fv m.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
SACRAMENTO ys. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY
BASEBALL.
UTCrUPR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
CHARITT MARTIN. G. a Wanrell. Matlldlta.
and Ballet. Katberlne Krleg and Minnie Huff.
Carrol, Gravllle and Graham and Sam Hold-
, Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 . p. tn.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.'
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c •
Bathing. Including admission. 25c; children, 10*.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
i have be@ii.senf. to oaiB° <^$vi -^^R^ m
I Soldiers in the Philip- ''^^Sk (l j S jLn I
I pine Islands by the Gov? I
H Fifty tons of candy have been sent to the soldiers In the .^^^^^^S|SV IIBw^^^Sv^^lP^^^^W^B
|i| Philippine Islands by the Commissary Department of the army during "^'^'^^^^^^S^feSjSa f^^\'Wl 'IfJ^Ji^'' HI
II the last three months and large amounts to the soldiers in Cuba and *^V^^K^PJ^^S8 IwJ^^Mlik IS^^^iSfe* Wi
Vm This i3 done upon advise of the medical officers of the army, 1 - ifjfef p^^^^^^gje.-is^'-"-^^ MQ&
HI because it is a physiological fact that a moderate consumption of " wliJlrwPi Hi
|s|j confectionery promotes health and satisfies a natural craving of the •i|!i!:|^^^^2^'^ ;ii "' i *S|
KffH StOD3.£lCn« " I?5si
HH Candy was never furnished to the United States army before, although it has been commonly used as a ration by the French and British tj£|
HH troops in the tropics. . ¦ ( ra
H|| This explodes another old-fashioned theory that sweets were injurious to the digestive organs, while a moderate use of sweets is actually beneficial* pa
p|i Very few things are injurious and the food cranks who advocate the use of a few grains and vegetables and decry the use of sweets and meats E3
pi| are in error, as a wholesome variety of meat and vegetable food is absolutely necessary for the maintainence of tho highest condition of health. f||
M The best rule to follow is to eat what the appetite craves, and if there is any trouble in digesting meat and sweets the difficulty can be readily- |||
sfj overcome by the regular use after meals of some safe digestive composed of pepsin and diastase, which will assist the stomach by increasing the Era
jig '/ \; IS^I&Il flow of gastric juice and furnish the natural peptone lacking in weak stomachs. ||a
$1 /^M^ilS'SiTC* he k est preparation of this kind is probably Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may pa
1| ¦''.' tw' ' v^i&F^P^/saffiL Dr. Harlandson recommends as the safest and 6urest cure for sour stomach (acid |m
m J^V dyspepsia) the daily useafter meals of an excellent preparation, sold by druggists under ||j
1 1 \-tpi, f\Sjb#$Bii$ Jj£. Jgr the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. These tablets are large 20 grain lozenges, pleasant c|!
¦ 3f a p: to tbe taste an( * containing the natural peptones and digestive elements necessary to good j|g
IS * *%• \\t* Vy^i^'^ll digestion and which all weak stomachs lack. . |||
pga *-"> : .\V. fiH. is» JL x T**~|ffii&3EE^ Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets used regularly after meals digest the food promptly and Eg
I 1 \-' % V«9 kS§(h;- H!®*\; thoroughly before it has time to ferment, sour and poison the blood and nervous system. rag
I 1 $&ffl W$i $&***%.*).^jHij^aJiPlkfc Dr - Wuerth states that he invariably uses and" recommends Stuart's Dyspepsia Ig
<ft$&iN^P^Ni iP^fr^N^k- tfM Tablets in all forms of stomach derangement and finds them a certain cure, not only for Egg
Hi H$ I iS 1»^!hLiJ' I^* 1 \'Sk Bour stomach, but by causing prompt digestion of the food they create a healthy appetite, g9
H J M%i C^m * increase flesh, and strengthen the action of the heart and liver. p|
i% 'Us If !?^- %^ 0 * Rev - R- Hoa £> of Wymore, Nebraska, writes: For six years I have been troubled El
I '$i£ W m %&/** V^^lisE^v^ with s P e P sia « Last * al1 * became very much alarmed at some symptoms of heart trouble |||
H H! v'TJ I " and came to believe there was a sympathetic relation between the two diseases, or rather, ||§
! 9 '•*'?» §4f'B / that the stomach trouble was the cause of the heart disturbance. I hitupon Stuart's Dyspepsia 13
Ha I • Tablets for a remedy and invested a dollar and a half for three boxes which lasted me l|s
IH' i^\ ' ¦ N^^kNv three months and I can eat any kind of food I want and have a good vigorous appetite, mi
W& / '^ '* r "* u ~ j -i!^Sij.— "**~ ' K Although I am seventy-seven years old, I now feel perfectly well and without being re- j
-^l! I % . quested by anyone I make this statement as a compliment to the virtues of Stuart's Dyspep- H|
IjjflgJ A v^'J^ .«s»4^fiM^i^B^ olc* JL 2LDI6lS« ¦¦*¦*¦. - ¦ . ¦ BrtH
HH <0$i« \ Mrs> L y dia Bartram, of Assyria, Mich., writes: I have suffered from stomach |jj|
|H -ipkj V^^^^^^^^^S^fflra^^T^i^ *« trouble for ten years and five different doctors gave me only temporary relief. A Mr. E. |§g
IH -fiffl , <?5fQi^^8^^SK'iS|^J,Vv R - Pa 8 e advised me t0 tf y Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets and four boxes did me more perma- HJ
Eg [j fk nent benefit than all the doctors' medicines that I have ever taken. ig|
||i *p rp^"' We honestly believe that Stuart'a Dyspepsia Tablets are the best medicine ever Hi
Hi «^^ r^L^'»*«'^Sfc^Hi^^ » made for the cure of stomach troubles. . ' jfis
VHP^jJaffiyfl^ Years of use have demonstrated the value and effectiveness of Stuart's Dyspepsia
•»PALACE HOTEL*-
Visitor* to San Francisco who xnako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attirnts and unequa'ec!
cuisine. American nr.d European plars.
«»GRAND ~HOTEI>
AarcsEaiENTs.EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's Londcn financial cablegram says:
The reduction of the bank rate to-day from
ZVt to 3 per cent caused general surprise, for
although the increasing ease ,in money fore
shadowed the possibility of such action, it was
not generally expected that a reduction would
be actually made to-day. The stock market's
view of the matter Is that the bank directors
have anticipated . an early peace in the Boer
war. But the easy condition both of the bank
and stock market affords ample, explanation
of to-day's action. . • ¦
BuFinc-ss on the Stock 'Exchange was gener
ally meager, with American stocks too idle, to
move much. Union Pacific, Baltimore and
Ohio. Southern Pacific and Erie bulged on New
York buying with the Continent slightly as
sisting the first two. . ,
Money on ca'll began at 1 per cent and fin
ished unlendable.
CLOSING.
LONDON. June 13.— Atchlson, 88%; Canadian
Pacific, 106%'; Union Pacific preferred, 92;
Northern Pacific preferred, 1C0; Grand Trunk,
11%: Anaconda, 9%; United States Steel. 50%;
preferred, 101; bar silver, steady. 27.7-16d per
ounce; money, S^3'/4 per cent.
• • ————— ..,..,
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June 11— Money on call, steady
at 2Vi®3 per cent; last loan, 2% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%@4*4 per- cent. Sterling
exchange, strong, with actual business in bank
ers* bills at $4-SS 1 > 4®4 E8% for. demand and at
$4 &V464 S5% for sixty days. Posted rates
SI 5 6!<. and $4 S3.. Commercial bills. $4 850
4 &V£. Silver certlflc&te*. nominally 60c. Bar
NEW YORK, June 13.— The general market
for petals was quiet and featureless. . Tin in
London declined I7s 6d under light selling or
ders and a .lack, of support -and. closed • easy
at £130 10s for ¦ spot, and . £126, for futures.
New York 'Metal Market.
Sheep— Receipts, 10.000. . Sheep and. lambs
steady. Spring lambs up. to $5 70. Good to
choice wethers, $3 S5@4 10; fair to choice, mixed,
$3 60i§3 95; Western *heep. $2 S6@4 10; yearlings,
J4 1004 50; native lambs, $4(g5; Western lambs,
»4 60@5. , • " ¦ ¦ -
Hogs — Receipts to-day, 28,000; to-morrow, 25,
000; left over, 5000. Opened weak, closed steady,
top, $6 20. Mixed and butchers, - $3 85@6 15;
good to choice heavy, $5 93@6 20; rough heavy
$5 S0@5 90; light, $5SG(g6 07»4; bulk of- sales,
?6<S6 10. • ¦
¦ CHICAGO, June 13.— Cattle— Receipts, 9500,
including 600 Texans; choice steers ' about
steady, others -weak; good to prime steers,
$5 4J66 25; poor to medium/ $4 40@5 40;"etockers
and- feeders, $3® 4 85; cot*s, J2 70@3; heifers,
$2 Tuff? j 10: canners. $2@2 65; bulls, $2 80@4 CO;
calves, $4 SO® 6 25; Texas-fed steers, J4 33@3 CO;
bulls, $2 75@3 75.> . ¦•'• '• -¦
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, June 13.— Reports from corre
spondents of R. G. Dun & Co. in the principal
Eheep raising States indicate that the season
has been most satisfactory, both as to size
and condition of clip, but complaints of prices
are very general. On many ranches the shear
ing is about completed and a yield somewhat
larger than the one preceding Is assured. -At
far Western, points there is much wool still
on the sheeps' backs, but animals are healthy
and no difficulty Is anticipated. v Not only Is
the quantity larger this season but the quality
Is better and wool so much cleaner that tosses
in scouring will be less than usual. A few re
ports indicate that growers have already sold
much of their wool.' but in the majority of
cases there is no desire to accept current prices.
This is especially true of the wealthier ranch
owners who can afford to hold their product.
Buyers are not alarmed by the tendencyto re
fuse offers which are about a cant lower than
a month ago and express.the opinion that still
easier, terms may be secured later. Consider
ing current stocks at the East and conditions
in the manufacture, prospects for higher prices
are not encouraging, notwithstanding the
decline of the past year.. ,
Goo.i~ Outlook 1 or Wool.
PARIS.
Wheat — June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 15 , 20 SO
Closing 20 00 20 70
Flour-
Opening ¦. 25 20 26 CO
Closing '. 25 00 26 60
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 6 09% S 09%
Closing 5 0914 5 09V*
On the Produce Exc*\ange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, 15@lS%c; 3airy, 13®
16>4c. Cheese— Steady. 8%!@10V4c. Eggs— 10>,&c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,000 24,000
Wheat, bushels 111,000 55.000
Corn, bushels 260.000 C03.COO
Oats, bushels .., 1S7.000 201.000
Rye, bushels 3.000 3,000
Barley, bushels 7, COO 1,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 2 spring wheat. 71<i?72c; No. 3 spring. 65®
70c; No. 2 red. 72c; No. 2 corn. 41Vic: No. 2 yel
low, 4lUc; No. 2 oats. 27J / i@2Sc; No. 2 white,
29%c; No. 3 white, 27®2f,4c; No. 2 rye, 48c;
good feeding barley. 4Si@C2c; fair to choice
malting. 56c: No. 1 fiaxseed. tl 70; No. 1 North
western, $1 71; prime timothy seed, |3@3 60;
mess pork, per bbl., $14 75@14 80; lard, per 100
lbs. JS 47%«?8 00; short ribs sides (loose), $7 93@
8 15; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%@7Hc;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 25@8 Zl\b; whisky,
basis of high wines. $1 27.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Pli.trrt Closing
5<M<v Btocte— Bid.
14.500 Atchis-jn 87U
c.Vt Atchison prefd 103U
j4.4fj> naltiir.ore <t Ohio 111
5.101 P-altimore &- Ohio prefd 95JJ
ri<!0 '"aria^ian Pacific 104^i
ifiO Canada Southern 70%
l..V,0 Chesapeake *¦ Ohio 60
?Mf Chk-apo & Alton 4fi>i
I.C00 Chicago * Alton prefd SH4
100 «'hicaeo I'.urlinrton & Quincy 196%
:,K0 <"hicapo Ind A: I^ouifiville 3S T i
200 <'hlcaRO Ind & Louisville prefd 73
ChicaKo <£.- 1'asteni Illinois ISO
I.OflO <'hlcaso A Great Wettern 2« .
Oil.-aso & Great Western A prefd... 84
' C-Vt Chicago & Oreat Western B prerd... Sl«4
1 <on Chicasru & Xortij western 201
4.6';f» Chicago Rock Island & Pacific l6S-i
4C0 <hic !t po Tenninal & Trans 23
700 Chicato Terminal & Trans prefd 43J±
C C C" & Ft Iyouis uu
?,KVi Colorado S<3Uthern 151^
- 2 f i0 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 52
4C9 Colorado Foulhern 23 prefd 23>4
2'W Delaware * Hurlson * ICC
Vft Delaware I/arkananna & Western.. 237U
T .,,Vii Denver & Hio Grande 52*1
!",.2'J<'t Dw.ver & Rio Grande prefd J02»'
VJSO» Erie 44>»
2.200 Erie 1ft prefd .. - 71«4
' 2.VA Erie 2<i prefd 57'.i
lf*0 Great. Northern prefd 1S5
if* Hocking Valley oSi?
S00 Hocking Valley prefd 77*4
S.CC9 Illinois Central .'.....*. -Ii3',~
NEW YORK, June 13.— There was a notable
increase in the speculation in stocks to-day, the
day's business running up to near a million
Fharcs. Speculative interest was etlll decidedly
f potty, but the strength of the principal stocks
v.as so de-ided as to uSeet the whole list by
Fympathy with a few unimportant exceptions.
There were points in the list, nevertheless,
v.hich were held back by palpable realizing.
The realizing was well taken and inflicted no
jn«es no th«? stocks. Pennsylvania was a not
able example in this category and the South
western did not ehare to the full in the buoy
ancy of- other Western railroads. Very large
Exeunt* of stork have been marketed this
week and in the loan crowd the stock com
lnands a premium. The Felling is to a large
«-xtfnt against the buying of rights to subscribe
t* the new stock issues. Notwithstanding the
bCfldal disclaimers of the purchase of Pennsyl
vania StppI Company by the railroad company
V.'all street opinion regards that as an accom
plished fact. The continued strength to-day of
•"•-¦•iorado FupI and the buying cf that stock by
F om(! brokers usual!)- employed by the Gould in
freFtj: aroused a conjecture that the control cf
the Colorado Company was being sought by the
'Jould-Harriman Interest with the same purpose
in view as that ascribed to th* Pennsylvania,
namely, to insure the cheap production of its
ft<-«?l-rai! supply.
Th* advance in Colorado Fuel reached S»4.
rr.rrying it above yesterday's higher price. In
dr-pendem wteel companies were strong, notably
*F< rmeEs-pe Coal, wjhich rose 3% on the acquisi
tion of the Alabama Steel and Wire Company.
Th» I'nitM States Ste«>l stocks were h^avy. the
f^Ilir.s b*>:ng attributed to the uneasinw-s over
;i,,» development of opposition companies. The
«5»u:d-Hsr"riman brokers were active in various
Ftr.rKs. notaMy in Union Pacific. The buying
in this Ft<vk was en an enormous scale and whs
ir!<>wly follow**', by St. Paul throughout all its
tfuotualions. The Ftr^et was In the dark as to
tttf> oa-iisf of Lbe movement and attributed it
ragaeSy to further working out of the North
v.-ri-tern Railroad relations and to favorable
rrrw Dewy. A well defined rumor gained cur
r»-nf4' toward t!;? Hose that some heavy original
iviMinss of St. Paul, represented in the direc
tory for many j-Vare. have been sold and that
tl;p stock will appear in the collateral for the
Vr.ion Pacific convertible bonds. I'nion Pacific
r<ve an r-xtr'-me C'i. and Ft. Paul 4?». Missouri
I'aoif:.- an'l some of its affiliated stocks, notably
IMWCT and Rio Orande. continued to f=h"»w the
litfloeaoc "f exxweted action on consolidation.
Tbe rise in Baltimore and Ohio of 3'i was on
the Sudirial doeiFion In favor of the rights of
the common stockholders to all profits after the
pflym'-m of the dividend. The F.to<-k broke two
point* from the tame cause. Cleveland, C. C.
jiv/1 H; Louis advanced 2*i on the reported ac
<;n«:iiiori of the Cincinnati Northern.
Minne-Pi>o!ls and St. l>ouis. after a further
r<eri\nr- 'A one point, owlnp to disappointment
over ye?t«r<iay's unchanged dividend, rallied
Ftronply fitn «ne to two points. The buoyant
r.iithuryt in 1'nion Pacific made the closing firm.
BllbOBgti thpre had b;en constant reactions on
I rffit-i.ikinff.
Several convertible bond issues were strong
zvA active in response to the movement of tholr
Btods. The ir.arket generally v.'as moderately
active and quite firm. Total sales. $5,740,000.
t'nited States bonds* were unchanced on the
Ian call.
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, June 13.— The volume of trade
was not large. With Liverpool cables reflect
ing the conditions- existing here yesterday and
with a continuation .of favorable weather to
day's wheat market invited a decline. «hjly
opened r shade to U@%c lower at 7OV4@7O%c,
with liberal offerings and slight demand except
for the professional class. Under a. continua
tion of liquidation the price declined to 69*4c,
the lowest of the day, and then came a re
action based on reports of damage by fly and
New York reports of a continuance of the con
tinental demand. July rallied to 71@71^c. at
which It closed steady and Vic higher. Advices
that unexpectedly favorable conditions existed
in the corn belt, and the selling of nearly
1,000.000 bushels by the bull leader, caused an
early weakness in the corn pit. The volume
of trade was moderate. Late in the session
there was considerable buying back at slightly
improved prices on local cash ' demand. July
closed fairly steady and %@ t ,Jc lower at 41%
(542c. » • .
Perfect weather conditions and the weakness
of corn was the bear feature to-day In oats.
July closed steady and %c down at 27%c.
Provisions were weak early, but lard and
ribs Mater became firm on buying by packers.
July pork closed 10c lower, lard 2^i@5c down
and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— - |.
June 69% 70H 65% 7fc»
July 70» /4 '1% 69H 7U4
September 69 69% 6S«i 69H
Corn No. 2—
June ;.. 41
July 42 42% 4Hi 42
September . 4314 43V4 42% 4314
Oats No. 2— ,'.
July !... 2"\t 27H 26»i 27»i
September 25% 25*4 25V4 20%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July .14 77^4 14 77^ 14 72<£ 14 75
September .14 971* 14 97»i 1190 14 92»4
I-ard, per 1C0 lbs—
July 8 45 8 50 8 43 8 50
September 8 55 8 6214 8 55 8 60
October 8 57*4 . 8 62V4 8 67»i 8 62Vi
. Short Ribs, per ICO lbs — '
July 8 05 8 07H 8 05 8 07»£
September 8 07Vi 8 12H 8 07^ 8 12«£
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9cc' for Gobblers
and 10@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@125-
Goslings, ,$1@1 25; Ducks, ¦ $3 50® 4 fori.old
and $405 for young ; ¦ Hens, $3 CO JM : : young
Roosters, ..» $6® 8 ; old Rooster?, B . $3 50@4 ; Fry
ers. $4@4 50; Broilers," $3@3 50 for large and {1 75
Good young Roosters . continue ' comparatively
high, but other young stock. Hens, Ducks and
old Roosters still rule weak under liberal stocks. '
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 25©73c per " box;
Asparagus. $1 50<ftl 75 for large, "$1@1 25 per box
for No. 1 and 00ffI75c for No. 2; Green Peas, $1©
160 per sack; String. Beans,' 2@5c; Cabbage,
6Q<&7f>e per. ctl; Tomatoes, from Los Angeles,
75c@$l; • from Winters, 75c(??$l; Dried Pep
pers,- 12ff?18c; Dry Okra. 15@20c per lb; ' Car
rots. 2a(ii35c per sack: Marysville Cucumbers
$125*?150 per box;. Winters. $150@175; Bay,
$2 &0<53: Garlic, 3(ff4c; Green Peppers, 15@25c per
lb; Egg Plant, 5@10c per lb: Green Corn,' $1®
1 50 per sack; Summer Squash, 50@75c per box;
Bay do, $1 25. ...
ONIONS— Australians, .lobolng. at $4<S4 '3-
New Red, 30^600 per sack; New Yellow. 90c®
$1 10 per ctl. . • ' ;>1
The markets under this head have been quiet
for. several days. Supplies of Vegetables con
tinue . liberal and prices show little variation.
Potatoes and Onions range about as before the
supply about balancing the demand. '
POTATOES— Burbanks, $1(5140 for Oregon-
New Potatoes, $1 5C(rtl 75 in sacks and-$l@is6
for Burbanks and $1@1 25 for .Early Rose, in
boxes.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
'.The demand continues slack at previous
prices.
BEANS-Bayos.' $2 45(32 CO; Small White, $4 SO
@5; Large White: $4@4 20; Pink, $1 40@l 70;
Red. $3<f?3 23; Blackeye, $3 10®3 25; Limas. $6 25
@6 35: Pea, nominal: Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl
SKEDS— Erown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal;. Flax. $2 50«73; Canary. 3\- t &
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 23
2%c: Hemp. VAc; Timothy. 6Uc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. ?1 60 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— New. $9®10 for Wheat. $S 50(39 50 for
Wheat and Oat and $lfT7 50 for Volunteer. Old
is quoted as follows: Volunteer. $5«x l S; Wheat,
$11 . r .0/gl3 50: Wheat and Oat, $10^12 50: Oat,
$S5?11 50; CJover, nominal; Alfalfa, $S@9 50;
Barley, nominal, per ton.
STRAW— 23@17^c per bale.
FEEDSTUI'TS— Rolled ¦ Barley. * $16 50@17 53
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26: Job
bins. $26 50: Cocoanut Cake. $17018; Corn Meal.
$2.<?fi29: Cracked Corn. $28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed.
$16 50«7l7 50.
MIDDLINGS— JIS 5f>(f?20 per ton,
. The only thing new was an easier feeling in
Hay, owing to heavier receipts. Prices re
mained without change.
BTtAN— J17ff?l» per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 52 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 73; Hominy
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85-
In sacks. $6<§>7 50: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas'
$5; Green Peas, $S 50 f>*T 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers'^ Extras, $3 15S3 25;
Oregon? $2 50©2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers. $2 75
@3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
WHEAT — The markets all over the world are
quiet and featureless, news being scarce. Chi
cago opened lower, but turned strong. A good
shipping demand developed, and about 300,000
bushels were worked for export. July liquida
tion continued. Crop conditions were reported
eood, fly complaints being scattering and.
! drought complaints having ceased.
This' market was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97H@9S»ic; milling.
$1 02VS@l 03%. •
CALL - BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 " o'clock— December—
20, COO ctla, $1 02U-
Second Session— No sales.
¦ Regular Morning Session — 4000 ctls, $1 02%.
Afternoon Session— 10,000 ctls, $102V£; 30,000,
$1 02%.
BARLEY— The market continues Inactive at
previous prices. There is no demand worthy
of note from any quarter.
Feed. 72%@73%c for No. 1 and 70c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%@
82V£c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock — December — 6000
ctls, 68%c.
Second Session — No sales. - .
Regular Morning Session— December— 40C0 ctls.
68Hc .
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Dull. Prices unchanged. Offerings
light. White. $1 4:H@1 55: Surprise, $1 50@l 65;
Red. $1 35<7?1 45; Black, $1 22%®1 32% per ctl. li
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 50; Eastern
Yellow, $127Vi@130; White, $130; mixed
$1 27^.
RYE — Quoted at 75@S0c per ctl. l
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctL
ex-warehouse.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — . $4 S6H
Sterling Exchange, sight ~— 4 89%
Sterling cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange,, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 43 -J @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
A Etorin cf moderate energry overlies New
!I»xico and will probably move slowly east
ward. Rain has fallen frcm Salt Lake City
fouth to Flagstaff. The pressure has risen
jrenerallv en the coast and conditions are fa
vorable "for fair, warmer weather Friday west
of the Rocky Mountains, except in the valley
cf the Colorado, where showers are likely.
The temperature has risen about 8 degrees
in the San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnig-ht. June 14. 1901:
Northern California— Fair Friday: warmer in
Uie interior: fresh northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday; warmer;
fr*"*h northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Friday; warmer; freih north
wind.
rtah— Cloudy Friday, with fhowers In south
ern portion, followed by clearing weather;
warmer; fresh northwest winds.
Arizona — Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday.
Tr:th showers in northern and eastern portions;
frf-fh southerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
lipht northerly, changing to brisk westerly
winds, with fog in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature 7 a. m.. 53 degrees.
THE COAST RECORD.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles T. and Jennie A. Crocker (owners)
with Healy. Tibbltts & Co. (contractors), ar
chitect Frank S. Van Trees— Excavating,
pumping and piling for a four-story brick
building on NW line of Townsend street. 91 :S
SW of Fourth. SW 91:S. NW 120. NE 43:10.
NW 120 SE 43:10. SWUJ; $532150.
San Francisco Turn VerWn (owners) witJj
R. Rech«?nbach architect — ¦.
—Alterations and additions to frame hall
bulldln? at 323 Turk street (S Turk 137:8. E
Hydi? E 82:6 by S 137:6, 50-vara block 2S3);
$1240.
George T. and Elizabeth V. Blgelow to Jonas
SchoenW lot on N line of Vallejc . s|eet in
W of Gough. W 3o:4H, >• 13 7:8 > E **- 3 ». s
City and" County of San Francisco to A- P.
Hotaling & Co. (corporation), lot on NEj:c-rnjr
cf McAllister and Pierce streets. N 1»«:6 by
E E^titi h o7" Amelia V. R. Plxley (by J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executory
to CharU3 W. and Mary B. Moorea. lot on W
line of Steiner street, 87:6 S of Union. S 2a by
w itt: $nco. • , . ¦ _.
EHlen F. X. Henrlksen to Joseph S. \an
Buren. lot on N line of Waller street. :L>»:8
W of Lott, W 25 by N 137:6; $23CO.
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to Ella F.
O'Brien lot on E line of Ashbury street. 16i>
S of Frederick. S 80. by E 106:3; $5500
Wallace A. and Rose E. Paulson to Catherine
Coonan (wife of Thomas), lot on W line of De
Long avenue, 110 S of Waller street. S 25 by
W SO; J25C0. „ , . tt,
Otto Peterson to Jean A. Coursolle, Jot on W
line of Tremont avenue. 203:9 N of Frederick
street. N 25 by W 80:3; $2500. • ¦ •
John A . Raymond T., Irma, Mlzpah and
Joseph W. Manuel (minors), by Matthew H.
Manuel guardian, to Manuel Estate Company
(corporation), rerecord 1910> D. 32B, lot on S line
ot Twenty-sixth street. 5 "E of Bartlett. E ICO.
rS 150. W 50. N 75. W 50. N 75: J360O.
» Edward Bosqul to Juliet J. Mezes. lit on
line of Larkin street, 102:SH N oi Jackson, N
25 by W 125: $oC0. " \
Samuel R. Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooks et
al. (by J. T. Harmes. Gustave H. Urabsen and
Peter J. Sullivan rererees) to Jonas Schoenfeld,
lot on NE corner of Bush and Belden streets.
E 2S:9 by N 57:6; also lot on E line of Belden
street, 57:6 N of Bush. E 57:6 by N 20: $35,700.
Joseph and Eliza J. Robinson to William
Helbing. lot en S l!he of Bush street. 137:6 W
of Powell. W 46 by S 137:6: 116.000.
Minnie B. and Leopold Neller and Louis C.
Buck to Cesare Masoero. lot on E line of Car
los street. 77:6 S of O'Fafrrell, S 40 by E 57:8;
JSSCO.
M. Herold vs. J. J. West as administrator of
the estate of Catherine Scott (by E. L. At
kinson Thomas Stuart and J. Bob. referees)
to M. Herold lot on N line of 50-vara let 622.
60 E from NW corner of said lot. S 20 by W
e.a (W line of Salmon street. 117:6 N of Pacific.
N 20 by W 60>; J8C0.
M. and Katie Herold. I. L». Hoffmann, Emil
and Louise M. Woenne and Pauline Hoffmann
to Tomaso Gusti. same: $1000.
Bridget Morris to Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco, lot on N line of Geary
street 137:6 W of Taylor, W 23 by N 62:6;
$15,500.
Catherine Murray (widow) to Same (trnstee
estate of Mary V. Baldwin), undivided % of
lot x>n X line of Derbv street, 117 :6 W of Ma
son. W 20 by N 60; $3303.
Same to Virginia Ford, undivided ft same;
$3000.
Marsraret Flaherty to John D. and Cathrlna
D Bullwinkel. lot on N line of Post street.
176:3 W of Taylor, W 20 by N 60; J95C0.
Anna E. Luhrs to Charlotte F. Clarke and
Charlotte H. Wright (wife of Leslie A.), lot
on NW corner of Ellis and Jones streets, W
55 by N 120; $95,000.
Magdalena Van Winkle fwife of P. S.) to
•John Lee and Henry M. Whiteley. lot on SR
corner of Geary and Larkin streets, S N by
E 137:6; grant.
Thomas V.'. Church to Seymour R. Church,
lot on N corner of Second and Harrison
streets, NE 125 by NW 137:6: $*030.
Francis J. and Mary A. Grlffln to Catherine
MeDonell. lot on SE line of Perry street. 245
NE of Fifth. NE'30 by SE S3: $2300.
James T. Eoyd tby B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on NE line of Ninth street, 125 NW of
Mission. NTT 50 by NE 100: also undivided >i
of lot on SE line of Park avenue. 139 NE of
City Hall avenue. NE 23 by SE 100; also l->t
on NE corner of Montgomery and Lombard
streets, N 137:6 by E 137:6; also lot on NE
corner of Hyde and California streets, E 77:8
by N SO: $56,000.
Sarah K. Cary to Patrick Clancy, lot on
SW line of Bryant avenue (Preston t>!aee). 123
NW of Bryant street. NW 25 by SW 80; $^00.
Patrick and Annie Clancy to Frederick and
Maria Klrcher. same; SSTOO.
Jennie H. York? nnd Lucy T. and Sue V.
Heard to Marsaret F. Moss (wife of J. MortO.
lot on NW corner of C street and Forty-nftn
avenue. W 240, N 20^, E 120, S 23, E 1C0. S
175: grant..
Solomon and Dora Otz to Annie M. Reprt
{wife of S. S.). lot on W line of Ninth avenue.
200 N of J stre«t.' N 2T» bv W 123: SIC-IO.
Ru?sel L. Gilbert. H.. W. »!son, John Kel
50. John Ketao Co., Walton Saunders an1 Mc-
Carthy Co. (bv H. M. Covert, eommisslon'r)
to California Title Insurance and Tra*t Coni
panv. lots 2S. 2!>. Vi, 33. gG. 37. 40 to 44. block
5. Sunnyside; $4173.
Henry F. Jr. an<1 Clara H. F.Tancnpt to
"Charles and Annie Pihl. Jot on NW Hn" *t
Madrid street, 22T» S™' of Brazil avenue. NW
ino by SW 50. block 28, Excelsior Homestead;
$500.
Alameda County.
J.- H. T. and Henrietta Watkirsnn to Georsr3
Pterlinjr. lots 2 to 5. block A: lota 7 to It.
block B: lots 1. 3. 4. 16. 21 to U, block C;
lota 1. X 3. 6. 8. 9. 12. IS to 21. 23. 2»to 4\
block D; !ots 1 to 6. 13 to IS. block E. Lincoln
Park. Oakland Township; SSOOO.
Christian J. and Henrietta Smith to E. I*,
and Elizabeth Patterson, lot on N line of
San Lcandro road. 630:06 E from dividing lim
subdivisions Vand 4. map or Patterson Ran~h
thence NE 2/5:C4 by SE 50. portion subdivision
4. Patterson Ranch. Brooklyn Township: $10*".
Harry and Millie F. Blatchly to Carrie L.
Bacon, lot on V." lin« of Benton street. 210 S
of Railroad avenue. S 4!> bv W l."J>. lot 18. anrt
S 15 feet lot 17, block 23,. Fitch Homestead
Tract. Alarneda; $1VM>.
Albert Stpmbiht *n A. L. Stone, all Interest In
lot on SF line of FKth avmue. S3 SW of Ea^t
Eighteenth street. SW 50 hv SF loo. block 93,
Clinton, ouitelaim deed. Oakland: $10.
Jenni* C. Ccnnor (widow) to W. F. Rudolph,
lot on SW corner of Telegraph nvenuc and No
lan or Thirty-third street. W 9S.95, S 33. E 93.95.
N 33 to beginnine. Oakland: $10.
James T. ami Minerva Glenn to samf, all In
terest in lot on W lln» of Telegraph avenue, 81
S of Thirty-third or Nolan street. W 10ft.«3. N
S3, E 9?. 93. S 50 to beginning, portion of Boston
Tract. Oakland; $10.
•REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
(ITOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 13—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, £6; Mount Tamalpais, 6S; Inde
pendence. 70; Red Bluff. 82; Fresno. 84; Los
AtifpIcs, 70: Sacramento, $2; San Luis Oblspo,
66: £an Diego. 70.
Sar, Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
(2: minimum. 47; mean. 54.
Weather Report.
Iowa Central S5H
400 Iowa Central prefd 64H
Lake Erie & Western 68
Lake Erie & Western prefd.... ......120
13.600 Louisville & Nashville..... 110H
42,800 Mahattan L 123»i
12.500 Metropolitan Street Railway 174V4
3,700 Mexican Central -. 28^
100 Mexican National 11
2,700 Minneapolis & St Louis 98%
37,900 Missouri Pacific 123'i
1,600 Missouri Kansas & Texas 3174
1.500 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 64V4
' New Jersey Central .* 160
6.100 New York Central 156»i
1,700 Norfolk & Western 54
500 Norfolk & Western prefd S9VJ
Northern Pacific 120
100 Northern Pacific prefd 98 1 ,
2.600 Ontario & Western.. S79i
62.900 Pennsylvania 153»»
P C C & St L 7S
6.000 Reading 46
4,500 Reading 1st prefd 78?i
L200 Reading 2d prefd 55V4
800 St Louis & San Fran 47',i
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S6>i
2.9C0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 74
400 St Louis Southwestern 35%
400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 69%
24,400 St Paul 10974
200 St Paul prefd 188
60.700 Southern Pacific 60U
17.300 Southern Railway 34U
6.900 Southern Railway prefd 88
7.100 Texas & Pacific 4R
2,600 Toledo St Louis & Western ->3
900 Toledo St Louis & Western prefd... 38'fe
161.S0O Union Pacific 113*,
1.600 Union Pacific prefd ;•!-! sou
1,200 Wabash " »z*i
1.900 Wabash prefd , „ 43^
1,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 20V4
"V,7.A Wheeiln & & Lake Erie prefd 33^4
3,100 M isconsin Central 23
Wisconsin Central prefd 45'^
Express Companies —
Adams jso
American «oo
United States 90
Wells-Fargo 155
Miscellaneous —
10.000 Amalgamated Copper 1'3's
25.600 American Car & Foundry " 34';
4.2CO American Car & Foundry prefd.... ?6 3 i
200 American Linseed Oil..; 214
1<X> American Linseed Oil prefd 51
6.6C0 American Smelting & Refng; ."S
1.500 American Smelting & Refngr prefd. .100
2.200 American Tobacco T... 139%
600 Anaconda Mining Co 491:
17,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S2
9.1C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 116
3,100 Consolidated Gas 222
4.2PO Continental Tobacco .".' 6S^
1,000 Continental Tobacco prefd l°-'Vi
500 General Electric '->4su
200 Glucose Sugar 57U
2.100 Hocking Coal »3u
400 International Paper 22^4
1.5CO International Paper prefd 79
2,200 International Power PS
Laclede Gas 55
National Biscuit 45
4.6C0 National Lead H'i
200 National Salt 4<ii
100 National Sal tprefd 77i'i
4,000 • North American 96Vi
100 Pacific Coast 67k
1.500 Pacific Mall 42
3.500 People's Gas ..' 115?i
2.600 Pressed Steel Car 4,V5i
SCO Pressed Steel Car prefd S6»i
300 Pullman Palace Car..: '09
2.200 Republic Steel '. 20%
3.100 Republic Steel prefd 76%
22.100 Eug-ar ., 143V4
26.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 64*i
1,<00 Union Bag & Paper Co 15
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 71%
8.400 United States Leather 14>;
3.100 United States Leather prefd so»i
2.700 United States' Rubber 21
5O0 United States Rubber prefd WK
2.400 United States Steel 49W
MOO United States Steel prefd 99%
27,900 Western Union 95%
96S.SO0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg.... 106% N Y Cent lsts....lO7ai
Do coup 107W N J Cent gen 5s. .132
Do 3s reg 109 Nor Pac 3s 72>4
Do 3s coup 109 Do 4s 105Vj
Do new 4s ref?.. 139 N Y C & S L 4s.l06*/»
Do new 4s coup.139 Nor & W con 4s..lO2>|
Do old 4s reg 112*4 Or Sav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup..ll3\s Do 4s 10314
Do Ss reg 10S\ O S Line 6s 129*4
Do 5s coup lOSli Do con 5«s 120
Dlst of C 3.65s. ...124 Reading Gen 4s .. 9S\4
Atch gen 4s 104% R G \V lsts 102U
Do adjt 4s 9SU S L & I« M con 5s.ll7U
Canada So 2ds 10«i*. S L & S F Gen 6s.l3S>4
C & O 4%s 10S St Paul cons 181
Do 5s 119 St P C & P lsts..HS
C & N con "s 142'i Do ns 119
Do S F deb 5b. .122 S P 4s 94
Chicago Term 4s. 96 So Ry 5s lJRH
Colo So 4? S1H * Standard R & T 6s <i^~
D & R G 4s 10214 Tex & Pac lsts. .11814
Erie Gen 4<= 90'* I Do 2ds 90
Ft W & D C lsts.lO7»4 U P 4s lOS^i
Gen Elec 5s 185>i Wabash lsts 11R
Iowa Cent lsts 116 Do 2ds 111H
L & N Unl 4s ...103% West Shore 4s 114«4
M K & T 2ds S;% Wis Cent lsts .... 91%
Do 4s 99^. Va Centuries 96^
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice ' 45 Ontario 8 50
Brcece 1 5T. Ophir 9<i
Brunswick Con 16 Qhoenix *.. 14
Comstork Tunnel.. 5 l ,£ Potosi IS
Con Cal & Va ."2 30 Savage 7
Deadwood Terra .. 5>i Sierra Nevada V)
Horn Silver 1 15 Small Hopes 45
Iron SirVer 5S Standard 3 65
Lcadville Con 5
BOSTON STOCKS AND' BONDS. .
Money—' West End 94?i
Call loans 3 @3'4 Bonds— v
Time loans — 3U@4Vi Atchlson 4s 103U
Stocks — N E Gas & C 5s. 60
A T & S F« 87',, Mining Shares-
Do prefd 103% Adventure 1714
Amer Sugar 143 Blngham M!n Co.. 22
Do prefd 122 Amal Copper 12314
Amer Tel 152',a Atlantic 32Vj
Boston & Albany.&IS'/i. Boston & Mont...44S
Boston L 1S5 Butte & Boston ..114
Boston & Maine ..195 Calumet & Hecla..825
Chi Bur &. Q l»7=i Centennial 29
Dominion Coal .. 33>4 Franklin JS
Do prefd 116 Humboldt 25
U S Steel 49 Osceola 8714
Do prefd 9S-4 Parrott 54
Gen Electric 247U Quincy .172
Mexican Central... 2S% Santa Fe Copper.. 7 "
! N E Gas & Coke. 9T* Tamarack 330
Old Colony 206 Utah Mining 23'
Old Dominion 31U Winona 2%
Rubber 21U Wolverines OS
Union Pacific HS'/i
London Market.
Morninr Session.
Board— 1-. -
23 Alaska Packers' Association 130 00
J5C00 Bay Counties Power Co Es 105 CO
$1COO Contra Crsta Water bonds 103 50 •
65 Kilauea Surar Plantation Co 19 12&
15 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 19 25 .
20 Market-street Railway 70 50
$30UO Oceanic SteamshiD bonds •..102 75
r0 Paauhau S P Co 26 25
30 Pacific Gas Imp 34 50
110 Pacific Gp.3 Imp 34 75
• 50 Pacific G?.3 Imp 34 S7^
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 58 62»j
- 65 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 '... 38 50
; 20 S F Gas & Electric Co 33 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 3S 25
155 S F Ges £• Electric Co 38 00
2 Spring Valley Water S2 33
4 Spring Valley Water 82 75
Street—
7 Spring Valley Water S3 00
. 2 Spring Valley Water S3 75
1 Spring Valley Water 84 00
Afternoon Session.
23 Alaska Packers' Association 130 00
50 Contra Costa Water SO £0
30 Hutchinscn S P Co.... 19 6214
loO Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. s 90.. 19 1%
5 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 19 25
55 Makaweli 38 75
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 48 00
2 S F Gas & Electric Co 37 87^
E0 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 37 75
Street— -.
10 Makaweli 33 75
$.1C0O N P C R R 5s bonds 108 25
f 2CC0 S P of A bonds (1909) ....113 25
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Beard—
1000 Lion 12
700 Sterling 130
Afternoon Session.
Board —
ICO Home Oil 3 10
eCO Lion 12
100 Peerless : » 5 73
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. '
Mornins Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 3 10
18G0 Petroleum Center pg
100 Kted Crude 43
2S0 Reed Crude 44
1C0 Reed Crude 47,
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 37>i
40 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 CO "
200 Sovereign 25
100 Twenty-Eight \ 10
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1C00 Four '.. 40
\0O Hanford. Fresno, Kern River ' fs
£0 Home Oil .....V; 3 15
1CC0 Junction ;<>
1C0 Junction .*. »J
300 Lion *. 12
500 Lion, s 60 .' ¦ n
"CO Monarch of Arizona, s 60 7 21
50 Occidental of W Va in
3C0 Occidental of W Va 50
1000 Oil City Petroleum .-..;" 2 7
500 Petroleum Center JJs
1C0 Sovereign 25
MIXING STOCKS. '
Following were the sales ' In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: <
' Morning Session.
HKfcCon Cal & Va..2 31I 2C0 Mexican .... 11
SWWale & Norcrs. 2>/ 2C0 Ophir ... . " «s
oOOJustlce C3 ( 1C-CO Overman .'.'. 2S
Afternoon Session.
100 Hale & Norcrs. 25 100 Sierra Nevada 2"i
6t» Mexican 14 2C0 Silver Hill.. •' 30
2C0 Overman 25 ICO Union Con...." 13
Alaska Pack. .123% 131 Oceanic S S... 47% 50
Cal Fruit Can. — OS Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wipe Asn.100 — Pac C Borax. .165 —
Mer Ex 110 — 'Par Paint 16 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Itana 7V4 734.Kilauea 19 —
Vlawaiian — 55 IMakawell 3SVi 39
Honokaa 21 — lOnomea 21% —
Hutchmson ... 19^2 20 IPaauhau 26% 2S^i
SUGAR.
Giant — 76V.i/Vigorit 3 3»i
THURSDAY, June 15—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
' • _- . - Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar reg 113%114'i 4s qr cv (new)139 140
is cuar coup..H2%ii3Vi 3s quar coup.. 109 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s. 105 107 Oceanic SS 58.102^103
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus R 6S.127 —
C C Water 5s.lOD».411O Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 63.128',4133 I /2 Pk & C H 63.108 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll5 — Pk & O R 6s.H7 —
Geary-st'Ss.... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5',£s.l06»4 _ Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 5s 4..101M:102»i S K & SJV 5s. 120% —
Lcs Ang R os.114 II0V2 Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Liirht fs. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do mud 6s..— ,,104 U9C9) 113^113%
Do rntd 5s..lO2>i — (1910) Ill —
L A & Pac 5s. 10O — S P or C 6S
Do 1 c m os.122% — (19C5), Ser A.108 IO8V2
Market-st G 6s — 127«i U907), Ser B.1034109
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113fc (19C6) 109V.110U
Nor R Cal 6s.ll3-:-;il5 (1912) 119 122
Do 5s IIS',6119^ S Pot Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s. 100 — cp g-ntd K as. 107 —
Do 5s 108 108% S P BrCal6s. — 136
Nor Cp.1 R 5s.H0 113 S V Water 6s. — 11374
Oftk Gas 5s. ...112 — Do 4s 102 1C2&
Do Trans 6s.llCV4117% Do 4s. 3d m.l01»il02
Do "Wat SS..104H105 Stktn Gr-s 6s. ISO —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. SO SI [Spring Valley. — S3
Marln County. 52?1 — | .'-. -
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pac Lt 47H —
Equitable 3*4 3Vj Sacramento ... — 33
Mutual 4 — S F G & E.... 37*4 33
Oakland 50»j 51U San Francisco. 4Vi 4%
Pacific Imp... — 55 IStkin'G & E.. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund.235 — j
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 81 L P A A 147 —
California — 410 Her Ex <liq).. 1« —
Cal Safe Dep..lO?V2 — S F National.. 122% —
First N2tl 310 — '
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1500 — Sav & Loan..: — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual .....50 — Union Trust.. 1400 —
San Franclsco.525 550
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 134 O S. L & H.... 40 " —
Geary — 40 Presidio 23 —
Market 70& —
POWDER.
The lighting stocks continued firm on th*
morning session "of the Bond Exchange, Gas
and Electric selling: at $38%@3S and Pacific Gas
at $34^@34Tg. • Spring Valley Water sold at $83
to $84 and back again to $S2%. Business was
fair.
There was no change worthy of note In the
aftarnoon. '
The Merchants' Exchange Bank of this city,
which has been in liquidation since 1S75, has
Just declared a dividend of Jl per share, pay
able Immediately.
The London and San Francisco Bank (Ltd.)
has declared a dividend of 3 per cent tor the
half year ending the 31st of March, making
a total of 6 per cent for the whole year. In
addition £5000. has been placed to a reserve
fund and £4900 carried forward.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The market for
evaporated apples was a quiet one to-day. The
demand was only of a jobbing nature, and this
was the only basis. State, common to good, 3^
<?ioc; prime, 5%@5»ic; choice, CJgtf'ic; fancy, Mi
®7c. California dried fruits were inactive and
nominally steady at unchang-ed prices.
PRUNES— 2%@6Uc per pound as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 9@12c; Moorpark, 7&@12c.
@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@16c; unpeeled, 6®10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
j New York Grain and Produce.
tr- — ..: ._
NEW YORK, June 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,560; exports, £210 barrels. Quiet and barely
steady. ¦ . -. • ,
"' WHEAT— Receipts, 139,250 bushels; j exports,
6S.638 bushels. Spot— Firm. No. 2 red, 79%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 78%e elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 84%c t. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S7%c afloat. Options— Had a
steady opening, but immediately declined.un
der renewed pressure on July, foreign selling
and bearish crop news.— In the afternoon the
market rallied on export demand. Wall street
buying, some' unfavorable crop news from
Kansas and local covering. Closed firm at %c
to He net advance. July, 76H@77Uc. closed
77%c; September. 74H@74%c, closed 74%c; Oc
tober. 74%@75%c, closed 75ftc; December,
75 ll-16Q)76%c, closed 76^c.
HOPS— Quiet
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair reflnin*. 8Hc;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4>ic; molasses sugar, 3%c:
refined, quiet. . •
COFFEE— Quiet. Spot— Rio, quiet; No. 7 in
voice, 6c; mild, quiet; Cordova, SH@12%c. Fu
tures—Closed quiet, with prices unchanged to
5 points net lower. Total sales, 24.500 bags, in
cluding: June, $5 10; July, $5 05@5 10; August,
$5 15; September. $5 20@5 25: October, $5 '25; No
vember, $5 35: December. $5 45<EF5 50; January,
$5 55: February, $5 55; March, $5 60; May, $5 65
@5 75.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7688 packages; steady.
Creamery. 13%®19^c: factory. 12@14 1 ,J i c.
. EGGS — Receipts, 7649 packages; steady. West
ern candled and selected, 12%@13c; Western
regular packing, ll@12c.
THURSDAY, June 13—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask.) . B1( £> As £;
Alpha ...' 03 04 Justice 02 03
Xtta — 02IKentuck 01 03
Andes'.....'..... 04 & Lady Wash .01 -
Eelcher 05 07 Mexican 13i 14
B<!st & Belcher 20 21 Occidental C3» 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 37 9?
Caledonia 43 50 Overman , 2* 2;
Challenge Con.. 17 19 Potosl : W 1-
Chollar 06 07 Savage 09 l!>
Confidence 65 6S Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 30 2 351 Seg Belcher.... — 02
Con Imperial... - Oil Sierra Nevada. 24 U
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill » 30
Crown Point... OS 09 St Louis M -
Eureka Con.... C6 — Standard 3 70 3 SO
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 0a 07
Gould & Curry. 06 08 Union Con 1. «
Hale & Norcrs. 24 25 Utah ............ 04 08
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket. 13 U
CLOStxb QUOTATIONS.
300 Overman 24
150 Sierra Nevada. 2*
2C0 Sierra Nevada. 25
300 Chollar 06
500 Con Cal & V.2 32li
3C0 Mexican 1»
3C0 Ophir ........... 9S
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
500 Belcher , 06 30O Mexican ........ U
300Choiiar 06 750 Ophir ........... 93
200 Con Cal & Va..2 35 200 Sierra £ ev ada. 2;>
'CO Hale & Norcrs. 26 500 Silver Hill 30
Following were the. sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 13.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balances, $166,547,310; gold, $95,580,514.
silver. E9%c Mexican dollars, 47%e. Stat
bonds, strong; Government bonds, steady; rail
road bonds, strong.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted.
IVhcat, 'Barley and other cereals dull and easy.
Hay rather zveak under larger arrivals.
Feedstuff s, Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in liberal supply.
Butler and Eggs in fair demand. Cheese too plentiful. •
Poultry market well stocked and weak.
Fresh Fruits continue plentiful. Dried Fruits nominal.
No further variation in Provisions. . .
Meat market rather easy, ozving to the strike.
Not much new on the stock exchanges.
Grain Bags still higher. .
Grapes appeared in market.
SUMMARY O?~ THE MARKETS.
. Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered. 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated. S.Soc; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Conlec-
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk
12V4c; ¦ Pearl Oil, ' in cases, 18y>c; 'Astral, | IStic;
Star, lSVic; Extra Star, 22^0 ;; Elaine, 23i4c;
Eocene. 20Vic;- deodorized stove Gasoline, In
bulk. 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk,' 14c;
in cases, 20c; S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in casee. 26c. - - " - ¦ • ¦ -
. TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c In drums or iron barrels. ¦• . , ...
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes. - per lb,*-in 100-lb bass: -
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1.
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed OH, in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained,, barrels, SOc; cases, S5c; China
Nut. ' 53@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels," 65c ; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c:
"Whale Oil, natural white. 37^@42V-c per gal
lon: Fish Oil. in barrels, 35c; cases 40c.
GRAIN. BAGS— Calcutta Bags have again ad
vanced.. 'San Quentin Bags,' $5 65; . Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7?4c; local make. Me less than Cal
cuttas; Wool Bags, 30®34c; Fleece Twine, 7«i
@Sc. ' . ' . . ' "•> .
COAL— Wellington, $9. per, ton; >• Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle,' $7; Eryant,' J6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50;' AVallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $S; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $1? 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite ' Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15. per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per • 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand. . > •
General Merchandise.
The butchers' strike may affect the price of
Hog3, as the . local pacRw-s say; they will not
be able to take" their, usual supplies if they get
short handed. The same condition "applies to
Beef and. Mutton. 'Prices for all descriptions
remain unchanged as yet, however.
Wholesale- rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: '
BEEF— 7@7«4c for Steers and 6@6%c per lb for
cows. ,*.-¦•
VEAL — Large, 7 1 / £@Sc: small, 8®9c per lb"
MUTTON— Wethers. 7J?Sc; Ewes. 6%©7c per
pound. . "
LAMB— Sprinsr. 8(§9c per pound. ' ¦
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6@6'4e-
ISO to 225 lbs. 6c; 225 and over. 5%@5T4c; feed
ers, ; dressed Hogs. 7V4@9V4c.
San Francisco if Meat; Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, lC^c: medium. SQ^Ac; light, 9c; Cow
Hides. 8%@9c for heavy and S@SV4c for light;
Stags. 6V£c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal.
9^@10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16@lt!Vic;
Culls, UM&ic; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. 16};$
17c; Culls and Brands. i3@14c: Sheepskins,
shearlings.' 15@3Cc each; short Wool. 30@S0e
each; medium. 6O(g75c: long Wool. 80ci@$l
each; Horse. Hides, salt, $2 50(^2 75 for lan?u
and $2 25 for medium. $1 aOQl 75 for small and
50c for Colts: 'Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large.
$1 50 for medium, $1 23 for small and 50c tor
Celts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c
fall or medium skins, 30c: winter or -thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4V4@3c per lb;~No.
2. 3',4©4c: grease. 2i??2» / Ac.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 13@14!£c per lb: Northern, free, 12??
lCc; defective, 9gllc; Middle County, free, 10©
lie: do defective. '8@10c; Southern. 12 months.
8© 9c; Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c; do. de
fective. 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine.
14«gl5c; do, medium and coarse, lljS13c: Oregon,
Eastern, choice, llif/lSc; do, fair to" good, 9@llc;
Nevada, lie. *t\ , '.
HOPS— 15@20c per. lb. v . - ~
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
.There is nothing new to report. ;
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy :
12%@13c for light medium, 13%c for llpht, 14Vic
for extra light and 15Vic for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. UMifi'lic: Mess Baef, $12
per barrel: extra Mess, $12 50; Family. $1150;
prime Mess Pork. $15: extra clear, $23; Mess.
$19; Smoked Beef. 13>6@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6»4c per lb for com
pound and lOHc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
10V.I& 109ie; 10-lb tins, ll®ll»4c; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
c'OTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, »%e; one tierpe, 9Vsc; two tierces>,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts, ! No. 1 softshell. 11©11Hc:
No. 2, SlgSVic; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10»£c; No. 2,
6%@7V4c; Almonds. 13@14a.f ox- paper-shell, 10@
lie for. softshell and 5g6 for hardshell; Pea
nuts. 5ig6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, H@ll^c;
Filberts 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 CO(g5. "
HONEY— Comb, Wgllc for bright and 91T9V3C
for light amber: water white extracted, oSo&e;
light amber extracted, 4@4Vic; dark, 3V4a
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb. .
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice-, lie:
standard. 10c: prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's,-!)c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, lOVic per lb;
choke,' 9'/4c: standard. S%c; prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6V4c; 2-crowa, 6c.
Pacific brand — 2-Crown, 5c: 3-crown, 5V»c. ;and
4-crown.- o'/bc;-. seeded (Fresno prices). 5%c;
London Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3
crown, %l 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperials, $3. All prices f. | o. b. at common
shipping points in California.
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s. 6Vic; 50-60s. 4«,;e:
60-70s, 3»ic; 70-SOs, 3Uc; SO-90s. 2%c; 90-iOOs, 2'Ac;
1CO-120S. HiC
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7^c for old crop and
7V4!SS%c for new; Evaporated Apples, S'/iSec;
sun dried, il 1 / 4@25cc; Peaches. 3V2@4c for stand
ard, 4%@5^c for choice and 6@6»^c for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unpitted, %@
lUc; Nectarines, 4@4V2C for red and 4@5c lor
white. " .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25@3;
Seedlings, $1@1 75; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25
@1 75; Valencias, $1 50@3; Tangerines, 50c@|l 25;
Lemons. 75c(&$l 25 for common and $1 50ft2 50
for good to choice; Grape Kruit, 50c@$l 50; Mex
ican Limes. $4@5; Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 50@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $2@4 per dozen.
D\icd Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
MELONS — "Watermelons from Indio. 20@50c
apiece: Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1 50@3 per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 30@35c per drawer and 2<S
3V4c in bulk; Oreeon improved, 3%'S4c; English,
7@8c per lb. .
CURRANTS— $4(^6 per chest. - %
FIGS— From Vacaville, $1 25 per box; from
Yuma. $2@C 50 per crate.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@8 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 313 chests. . j . .'
LOGAN BERRIES— $4®7 per chest. % '
BLACKBERRIES— $4© 6 per chest and 40@60c
RASPBERRIES-$5@8 per chest and 90c@$l 25
per crate. ' •. . .
CHERRIES— 65c@$l for dark and 60c@l 25 for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 5(g9c per lb for black,
4j?6c for red and C®9c for Royal Anne.
PLUMS— 10@50c per box, 25@50c per crate, and
12',i@2Sc per basket for C/lyman, and 5O@S5c per
crate for Tragedy. .
CHERRY PLUMS-25@5Cc per box.
PEACHES— 25<gS0c per box and 25@50c per
basket. ¦ - ¦¦ "'
P12ARS — Madelines, 15@25c per box and 15®
25c per basket. . -
APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 25@2 50 per
box; new. 20@Wc per small and 50c(g$l per large
box. and mj@35e per basket.
APRICOTS— 30@50c per box, 40@65c per crate,
and 25©30c per basket. .• • >
Berries are generally lower, as retailers and
consumers are running -on the fruits mentioned
above. Currants continue to bring good prices.
Citrus fruits remain as before. .
Three and a half crates of Seedless Grapes
came in from Yuma, but were not sold. .
. DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The market continues heavily supplied with
Apples, Pears, Peaches, Plums and Apricots,
all of which are weak. There are a good many
old Apples still In cold storage, and are selling
as quoted below. Cherries do not cut much
figure now. ¦ . •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras. 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds. 14c;
6tore. 13c. .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 8c; choice.
7%c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9'^c:
Eastern, full cream, 15@16Vic per lb.
EGGS— . . : • ¦"/.'.*
California Ranch— Selected White, 17%c;
mixed colors, 15c per dozen.
California Qathered— Selected. 15c; standard,
12%c; seconds, -; — . .
DAIRY EXCHANGE* QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— I
Creamery— Extras, l"c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
BUTTER— Creamery, 17V>@lSc per lb for
fancy and 16V£@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16V2C
per lb. . - .-....-.
CHEESE— New, 8®9c; old, nominal ; Young
Americas. 9<gi0c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 15@lS%c for good to fancy;
store, 12' / 4@14%c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Receipts were 60,500 pounds and 151 tubs of
Butter, 1109 esses of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs. 16.700 ponuds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. » ¦ -. .
The Dairy commission houses will hereafter
close on Saturdays at 2 o'clock p. m., until
October 1.
There is less .Butter In ¦ the market, -and
though the lower grades "are easy the finer
brands are still quoted firm. Prices show no
chance. r ~
While receipts of Eggs have been larger dur
ing the past several days the demand has also
recovered, and stocks show a perceptible dimi
nution. Fancy ranch continue firm, and the
lower grades easy. . ,
Stocks of Cheese are as heavy as ever and the
weakness continues. J : .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
®2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@V 50 per dozen
for old and SI 25(31 50 for Squabs. .
GAME— Hare, $1(3)1 25; Rabbits, $1250150 for
Cottontail and 75c®?! 1 . for Brush. ' •.¦-.,
LOCAL MARKETS.
LONDON, June 13.— Consols. 03 15-16; silver.
27 7-16; French rentes, 101f 5c@101f 7}£c; cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 Standard
California, 29s 10l&d; English country markets,
dull. - .^."'¦¦;-->i i :>'
- LIVERPOOL. June 13.— Wheat, quiet. No. 1
Standard California, 6s ld@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, steady ; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
unsettled. -
COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-32d. '
LIVERPOOL, June 13.— Wheat— Spot. No. 2
red Western, steady. 5s ll%d; No. 1 Northern
spring, quiet, 5s HVid; No. 1 California, steady,
6s lUd. Futures steady, July, 5s 9%d; Septem
ber. 5s 9%d. \
Corn — Spot, quiet: American mixed, new, 3s
lid; do old, 4s 2%d. Futures, quiet; July, 3s
10',id; September, 3s lid.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, June 13.— WHEAT— Steady, at
59@60c for Walla Walla.
' " WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, S June 13.— WHEAT— Quiet; Blue
Stem, 61%c; Club. 59'^c.
Northern Wheat. Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 13.— Clearings. $306,004; bal
ances. $50,866. .
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Cotton closed steady,
1 to 6 ooints lower.
BOSTON, . June 13.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and the following prices were realized: Cher
ries—Royal Annes, boxes, $1 20@2 45, average
$165; Bigarreaus. boxes, averaged fl 25; Tar
tarians, boxes. $1 23@1 35, averaged $1 30; Black
Republicans, boxes, . $1 S5@2 80. averaged $2 03;
Bings, boxes, averaged $2 23. Plums — Cly
mans, single crates, $101 65, averaged $1 09.
Apricots— Royals, $1 15@1 45, averaged ?1 21.
Two cars sold to-day. Weather favorable.
MONTREAL, Quebec, June 13.— The Earl
Fruit Company's sales of California fruit at
auction to-day realized the following prices:
Apricots— Royals, single crates, $1 50@l 95, av
erage $1 63. . Peaches— Alexanders., boxes, $150
@1 S3.- average $1 60. - Plums — Clymans. single
crates, $1 65@1 95, average $1 73. Peaches—
Brlggs' Early May, $1 70@2 10, average $1 75.
One car sold to-day. Weather favorable.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing ' the following prices: Cherries —
Bigarreaus, boxes, 35c@$l 65, average 61c; Tar
tarians, 40c@$2 75. average $110. Apricots—
Royals, single crates, SI 30(31 75, average $1 38.
Peaches— Alexanders, 70c@$l 35, average $1 02.
Plums — Clymans, single crates, 75c@$l 35, av
erage 98c. Eight cars sold to-day. Favorable
weather.
• % New York Cotton Market.
California Fruit Sales.
Lead— Dull, but about steady at 4.37V4c
despite a loss of Is 3d abroad, where spot pig
lead closed at £12 5s. • • •
Spelter was lifeless and nominally unchanged
at 3.95@4c. . - .
Pigiron warrants quiet, $9 50@10 25; Northern
foundry,. J14 25<§ 15 50.
. Copper was without change as to price, but
nominally steady at 17c for Lake and 16%c for
casting. . The London copper market eased oft
slightly and closed barely steady at £69 2s 9d
for. spot and £69 Us 3d on futures.
Here the market for tin was extremely dull
and values fell off 15 points in connection with
the weakness In London. The close | was dull
at-28.50©28.75c. . -
tior.ers' A. 5.73c: Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c: Golden C, 5.1jc:
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 25c ; more; Box
es. 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos. half-barrels. iuCc: boxes, 6.«c per ID.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 13.
Flour, qr sks S.520|Straw, tons 5
Wheat, ctls 2 1W Lime, bbls 1S2
Barley, ctls 6,060 Chicory, bbls *»
Oats, ctls l,0C(i Powder, cars 1
Corn, ctls .- 21' Sugar, ctls 2.SPO
Beans, sks :. 5<i Tallow, ctls . 2i»
Potatoes, sks 4 794 Pelts, bdls . **
Onions, sks 7G<: Hides. No 553
Bran, sks 1,965 Brandy, pals .'. 3.600
Middlings, sks.... 536 Wine, gals 43,720
Hay. tons 721 Leather, rolls.... 1*>
Wool, bales.. i!»
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 500
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV FRIDAY" J1JNE 14, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
1-
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
8
AUCTION SALES
fl^ AUCTION SALE POSTPONED
SATURDAY. JUNE 15..'.... ••-••AT H A. M
At Salesyard. • 35 Dore st.. bet. 9th and 10th
sts.. bet. Howard and Folsom sts.— Carload of
Young and Gentle Horses, ranging in weight
from 1C00 to 15CO lbs., several matcned teams
and one ,fine coupe horse. These horses will
be sold without limit or reserve.
A. M. SCOTT & CO.. Anctloneere.
]] A ,T? UEL MAY BE SAVED by a re- /^S ft
/) V {A cently invented Water Circulating; )/Js' ,
/la Zyj and, Steam Generating Grate Bar. A , k\g&ifc}l.
n/^i-.^r man who desires'to get into a business /\ji3&^
'' Ml ¦ (f\ ' J natw 'H rapidly. develop and increase his ( llia\\
: K^/i/jk income may ; buy ym interest in this in- \ Y^|y
\'jy^\*a vention". which, with sufficient capital to // J^fi
MI^4y( ' P - Ut lt P r °P^ rlv on the market,, is sure to f f|v*ivf&
' yf^ffli) F ° r iurtller Particulars call on !^Vr^^S /
ffl&A WEST G0AST lflVESTf(!ENT ° 0 '' a mM
f^^^^^p . 118 Pheian Ecildiag, San Fratcisso. U^^^^^W^\CIFIC GROVE MUSEUM, WHERE
VN INTERESTING EXHIBITION IS
NOW BEING HELD. • . ,.
Commander-B:, F.THley,- U. S. N., has
recovered from the effects of the injuries
he • sustained Wednesday night. - He was
able to be around again yesterday after
uoon> v". .• *¦-,*';
Commander , Till ey '.. Recovers.
Lecture on America.
Dr. B." F. de • Costa ' will lecture on
"America" to-night at Metropolitan Hall.
Mrs. OIlie Dlxon yesterday reported to
the police that Bhe had been robbed of a
pair of $300 diamond earrings on Wednes
day night. In a house at 127 Eleventh
street. According to the woman's story,
she went to the house at 10 p. m. on
Wednesday and rented a room. Yesterday
morning when she awoke Mrs. Dlxon
found that her earrings were missing,
though the door of the room was locked.
Her Diamond Earrings Hissing.
Judge Seawell made an order yesterday
directing Annie A. Sousa to reconvey to
Mrs. Catherine Casey an improved lot on
Antonio street, near Jones. Mrs. Casey
conveyed the property in question to Mrs.
Sousa a few months ago and subsequent
ly filed suit to recover, the. same on the
ground that Mrs. Sousa exercised undue
influence to obtain the deed. Judge Sea
well, found that Mrs.. Casey's allegations
were based on fact and entered judgment
accordingly. . , . i .
Undue Influence Used.
'A communication has been received
from the directors and managers of the
Presbyterian Orphanage at San Anselmo
gratefully acknowledging the courtesy
and kindness of Mrs." and Mrs. A. W. Fos
ter of San Rafael In donating the, use of
their beautiful grounds on. Forbes avenue
for the recent garden party. • The many
kindnesses extended by the, many friends
Of the home are also acknowledged. , .
Directors and Managers Grateful.
The Supervisors' Hospital and Health
Committee yesterday rejected the bids of
the William S. Merrill Chemical Company
for drugs to be furnished the Health De
partment, on the ground that it is an
Eastern firm. The bids were submitted
by E. B. Hudson, as manager of the con
cern. According to the notice in the pro
posal. It provides that no bid except from
a merchant who is a regular dealer In the
articles enumerated will be received. The
committee ruled that it would be an in
justice to local concerns to accept bids of
Eastern firms. -^ • ..-.
Rules Against Eastern Bids.
Charles A. Wilson of 44 Third street se
cured a search warrant from Judge Fritz
yerterday to enable him to secure pos
septlon of his personal property, which he
declares is being illegally detained in the
Washington Hotel. Fourth and Bluxome
streets, by the proprietor, Adolph Strem
mel. his brother-in-law. • ¦ • •
¦ Wilson states that he married . Strem
mel's sister recently. Stremmel agreed to
allow them to live at the hotel till such
time as he could buy and furnish a home
for himself and wife. A few days ago
Stremmel ordered him out of the ' hotel
and has since refused to allow him to see
his wife and to give up possession of his
personal effects. • / -
Wilson "Wants Wife and Property.
Frederick John Buhler, a shoemaker,
¦who hH<l a small shop at 312 Jackson
street, was found 1> ing dead on the floor
of the sleeping room back of the shop
yesterday afternoon. The eyes and a part
of the left hand and foot had been eaten
away by rats. It is believed that the body
must have beer, lying there for two days
at least. Buhler was a native of Switzer
land. 75 years old. and a miser. He lived
In an extremely filthy manner.; A will
dated three years ago was found among
his papers, in which he bequeaths to the
San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy
lum all his property, without mentioning
of what it consists. No property was
found on the premiss. ¦ . " -
Sudden Death of a Miser.
Ezra Kendall,- the- clever monolo«rist
who Is appearing at the Orpheum, had
the proud distinction yesterday afternoon
of officiating as best man and bridesmaid
at a quiet wedding that took place at the
Palace . Hotel. John W. Kitey, a promN
nent young business man of Boston and
Lou Umsted were the happy couple mar
ried and their courtship was short.
The bride and bridegroom first met Of
the train coming "West about two weeks
ago. It was love at first sight with them
and upon arriving In this city they decid
ed to get married, h Early yesterday morn
ing Kiley. accompanied by Kendall, ap
plied, for a marriage license at the City
Hall. After procuring the desired doc-i
ment they returned to thf Palace, and
securing the service of a minister had the
matrimonial knot tied. Kendall was the
only witness, and from all that can be
learned he was a great success. - • ' ¦•. ,,
Mr.' and Mrs. Kiley will reside perma
nently in San Jose, where , the newly
made husband will engage. in business.
EZRA KENDALL BEST MAJJ
AT A PALACE WEDDUTG
J. B. Crockett, president of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, ap
peared before the Supervisors' Artificial
Lights Committee and agreed to reduce
th«s bid of his company for lighting arc
lamps In districts 4 and 5 to 39\i cents.
The rate as fixed by law is 39 2-7 cents, and
the new rate will bf> 1-2$ cent less.
T.ife'ht Inspector Tupper informed the
Mayor that the bid of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company for the two
districts for arc lights is $2 76^ per week,
which is \\h cents more than the rate
fixed by ordinance. There are 568 lights
in the districts. As soon as the contract
Is awarded the triple top lamps and the
boulevard lamps will be extended all over
the city.
Reduces Rate on Arc Lights.
Supreme Ccurt Launches Popular
L^eislator and Forty Others
in tho Leeral Profession.
Th«» Justices of the Supreme Court an
rounced yesterday that Senator Charles
M Shortridpe had successfully passed the
examination for admission to the bar. It
is aJleg-ed that they were favorably in
olirjr-d toward granting Mr. Sh'ortridge's
aspirations In order that he might be
called upon to interpret some of the laws
whlr-h he helped to enact. He is now
fafr!y launched in the legal profession.
The other incipient jurists who, with
Mr. Shcrtrid^-e. were admitted to practice
are as follows:
L. H. Su«tnan, E. T. Maples, F. W. I>oan.
Josepiifne Harris, \V. E. Dockson. \V. E. Cash
man. H. D. Wise. Bert Towne, F. M. Cattell,
A. r>. Prr.ith. C. D. Dole. W. J. Redding. C. P.
Suilivan. E. J. Lynch. B. P. Lapachet. ;K. X.
Mabrey, V. H. Drake, Louis Ferrari. TV. H. G.
Schulf. T. T. Gregory. Elmer Westlake. Mal
rr.nie C. Glen. W. C. Bissell. A. J. Zumwa.it.
Frank Karr. J. C. H. Edwardo. F. A. Knight,
G. T. Cochran. B. F. .Driver. H. D. McCreary.
O. W. Durbrow. J. W. Leggett. L. C. Co
megyfi. C. P. rutf>n. J. H. Rtnwe, H. S. Robin
*rin. B. J. Flood. F. F. Atkinson, J. T. Wallace,
F. F. Rosf-nthal. \V. A. Latto.
SENATOR SHORTRIDGE
ADMITTED TO THE BAR
Been Set Afire by
Tramps.
Fire broke out in an unoccupied dwell
ing house in the rear of 1410 Fol-som
street last" night and for a time a serious
blaze was imminent. Alarms were turned
in from boxes 78 and 79 and the Fire De
partment was promptly on the scene and
prevented the spread of the flames. The
fire was haTd to get at, owing to blind
alleys and the closeness of the adjoining
buildings. Before the flames were got un
der control the Swedish Baptist Church
on Tenth street was in flames. The in
terior of the sacred edifice was flooded
with water and was damaged by the
flames. For a time St. Joseph's Church
was in danger.
According to James Murphy, who owns
the house that was destroyed, the place
was unoccupied. He states that his fam
ily had retired and he was awakened
from a sound sleep by his neighbor's
warnings. He believes some tramps set
fire to the house. The structure was in
sured. ... _
A newly erected house owned by Dr.
Stealey was partly damaged by the
flames. The household-belongings of Mrs.
Swi.ns.on and C. R. Gardilious were dam
aged by smoke and water. Mr. Gardilious
had just moved in and intended taking
his bride, whom he marries to-morrow, to
his new home. He says he was not in
sured. _ . ..
When the alarm of fire was given the
Teamsters' Union was holding a meeting
in Teutonia Hall, a block away. Some
member said J. B. Cole's stable was on
fire, and in a few seconds a motion to ad
journ was made and carried. The mem
bers rushed to the fire, and on finding
that the stable was safe proceeded to
save the church property. The teamsters
carried out organs, desks, tables and oth
er paraphernalia in quick time, and it is
due to their presence that the loss to the
Swedish Baptist Church will be lessened.
PROMPT WORK PREVENTS
A DANGEROUS BLAZE
Unoccupied House Thought to Have
PACIFIC GROVE, June 13.— One of
:he most interesting oxhtVj't'Tis
over held in the State opened
in this city to-day under the
auspices of the Pacilic Grove Mu
eeum Association, the organization which
has established one • •;" :he finest museums
of its sze in the ITaitfed Sta»es.\The ex
hibition contains an excellent collec
tion of specimens of sea life, both live and
mounted. There are shown also nu
merous valuable scientific features direct
ly related to the natural history of Cali
fornia. Fine botanical specimens will have
a part in the display.
Ring-goers crowded the gymnasium of
the San Francisco Athletic Club last
night and were treated to some fierce
bouts. Eight contests were presented and
half the number ended in knockouts. The
other goes were full of hot fighting and
the crowd enjoyed itself immensely.
Barney Driscoll secured a decision'over
Pete Carroll after four rounds of heavy
battling. Jockey Bennett settled Harry
McLaughlin's aspirations in one round
Frank McConnell did a like service for
Mike Joyce in the first round. Jack Ken
ot y he^ n< L BiI f ly Mu n>hy hammered each
V£*Ia1% f £ ur - , rounds and Kenny was
awarded a decision. Murphy, was an un
gainly youth and used his' arms in such
?»?««" mann , er that- he had the spec
$? « ¦ t , in convulsions ¦ of laughter. Jack
&££& &n i "P u , tch .," Thurston seconded
Murphy and derived.no end of pleasure
PnT'L 1 !! ater d0^n his back and allow
ing him to quench his thirst out of an
old oaken^bucket. Their advice was too
much for Murphy and he lost.
Hugh Friel knocked out Jack Wilson in
one round. Jim McDonald and Billy Stew"
art fought four rounds to a draw. Stew
"f^il^ 1 "^'? 8 cl08ed durin S the melee.
Cyclone Kelly sent W. E. Sloat to
dreamland in the second round and Billy
Toy battered Pete Coleman for four
rounds and secured a. decision
AMATEUR BOXERS PUMMEL
EACH OTHER POR JTEDAIS
Exciting Fistic Bouts Presented ¦ by
the San Francisco Athletic
Club--
Prizes have been offered by the citizens
of Pacific Grove for the best exhibits in
v.-ild and cultivated flowers and • for the.
best natural history displays. ¦
One of the most interesting competitions
is that for the best illustration of the life
history of an insect found in the neigh
borhood. This class is for children under
14 years of age. The prize will be present
ed by Professor Vernon L. Kellogg of nhe
department of zoology of Stanford Uni
versity.
In connection with the flower-and natu
ral history exhibition . there is . dis
played a loan collection of paintings and
etchings and a large collection- of curios
and relics of the early ecclesiastical and
political history of the State, thof ,-reater
portion of which have never before- been
shewn. The facilities for this -.t>rtl6n of
the exhibition are especially fine here, for
many articles which any historical mu
seum would be proud to own and which
were hidden away in the dust of. the gar-
r t et u* of old Monterey, will.be brought to
light and shown during this week. .-
The proposed exhibition has been at
tracting great interest among all classes
cf people, both here and from a distance
ana gives promise of being very success
ful It will continue two days, closing
Saturday night, June 15.
Xf^rtiaticns are oendinfer to effect a
rna&tion of the Republican Primary
T ''iiri:c and the anM-h^ss forces »-epre-
in ;hp Mills buildinsi committee.
Tie K-ipe is expressed amonc Republicans
*¦*-.'» are n>v^*e.l *o the cau^e of reform
«>-r,* oyistine rM«V-ences may be adiusted
¦=« <hriT all tVie eirrrsents in favor of clean
D 'iti^s anri ennrj covernment mav, be
::"itto\ Trie infer^ts of candidates
shr,;;],! not be alinwed to interfere with
p!ar;s of compromise.
It is a well known fact that Truman
Roeves exueots to be re-elected State
Treasurer. His forces in Southern "Cali
fornia are saifl to be In line condition, the
r*?uit of personal inspection. Governor
Gape is very much tmpressed with Tru
man's forces and wishes that his own
wcm- in half as good condition as those of
the Treasurer. A. J. Johnston, Superin
tendent of State Printing, desires to serve
another term in the Printing Office, and if
the opposition does not become more
formidable th::n that threatened by Sen
ator Frank I.eavitfs candidacy his desire
will bo gratified.
Thomas J. Kirk. Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, is said to have no inclina
tion to decline renomin.-ition. Jao:»b H.
Neff. Lieutenant Governor, reluctantly
consented to accept the nomination in 1S9S.
and may consent apain in ?902. but he Is
rot nn aspirant for the position. Martin
.'. riprt. Surveyor General, has not been
heard from on the subject of another
Trro but the inference is strong that he
¦would yield to public demand for pro-
of service, W. Root.
• "lerk nf the Supreme Court, is the only
•^ma'rinjr State officer. His wls»»— will
5i;irrilv he consulted. • • ¦»
Suggestions have been advanced that
the organization could add largely to its
strength of membership If assurance were
given that certain aspirants for office
would receive the support of the league
5n the municipal nominating convention.
The directors have positively refused to
entertain such propositions. The object
of the newly incorporated association Is
to give anti-boss Republicans a common
rallying point, so that good government
may be obtained through harmonious Re
publican agency.
The Jefferson Club of the Thirty-first
Assembly District has appointed a con
ference committee to confer with other
Democratic organizations for the purpose
of creating opposition throughout the city
to the present Democratic County Com
mittee. The plan proposed is to right the
t-ounty committee ticket at the primary
election on August 13.
So many of the State officers elected in
isvs have sicnlfled a readiness to serve
lor four years more that a suggestion is
in order for a meeting of office-holders to
ir.ake the declaration in favor of another
i*Tm unanimous. Henry T. Gage heads
the list with aspirations to succeed him
self as Governor. E. P. Colgan, who Is
serving his third term as Controller, is
willing to keep right along in that line of
service, provided Republicans do not In
sist on vailing him to a higher station.
Tirvy Li. Ford is ready to run again for
tho office of Attorney General. If the
Republican State Convention of 1902
should decide to place him at the head of
the ticket to succeed Henry T. Gage he
would doubtless accept the honor and per
haps entertain a suggestion to cast his
influence in favor of Private Secretary
\V. I. Foley for Attorney General. Word
ocrnes from Sacramento that O. F. Currv
desires renomination for the office of Sec
retary ot State.
The directors of the new organization
have reiterated their determination that
the league shall not be used to assist
candidates in obtaining nomination for
office.
Many active and Influential Republicans
of the city vleited the headquarters of the
Republican Primary League in the Bald
win annex yesterday. The organization
of the league Is the general topic of dis
cussion in political circles. The move
ment has gained eo much headway that
boss sympathizers are taking alarm and
throwing out hostile hints.
Republican State Officer's
Strong Desire to Obtain
Re-election.
Bosses Begin to Mani
fest Outward Signs
of Hostility.
LEAGUE GAINS
NEW ADHERENTS
. WALLA ' WALLA , Wash . , . Ju ne • 13.—
Crazed by . reading " sensational literature
and,,'blind .with jealous passion,' William
Davis, a : bootblack, this afternoon twice
shot'>hls- former- sweetheart, 17-year-old
Effle Haworth, 1 and then turned the':re
volver upon Charles -McConnell, his suc
cessful rival. He placed, the weapon near
McConnell's breast and pulled the trig
ger, but the cartridge failed to explode.
After the shooting Davis ran toward the
business portion of the city, with a crowd
of boys and women at his heels. He
flourished a revolver and declared that he
would not be taken alive. After running
a : few 'blocks he,, was captured by police
men and was at once taken to. the. City
Jail, where a guard was placed to 1 pre
vent the mob which had Congregated from
forcing the* doors and lynching ] him. • ¦¦•
:> Miss Haworth .was shot once >. through
the left- breast ; and | a second ! time in the
back. There is little hope of her recovery.
SHOOTS HIS SWEETHEART
'i BECAUSE RIVAL WON ; HER
TJp Records.
BAKERSFIELD, June 13.— Mrs. Mary
Farnham Getchell of 48 Railroad street,
Auburn, Me., -professes to be the heiress
of the whole of 'Kern County and portions
of Tulare and San Luis Obispo counties.
While the authorities here do not take
her claim seriously, the records of the
counties will ¦ be .'Searched for evidence
which might throw some light on the case.
Many landholders have read with interest
the following letter which was received
by County Clerk Miller to-day: ¦
. "To the Clerk of the Court of Kern
County— Sir: I desire you to search the
records - to find if there is a record of a
deed .in the name of Charles Farnham.
The deed was recorded in 3861 and includes
all of Kern County, also portions of Tu
lare and San Luis $ Obispo - counties.
Charles Farnham was killed by a falling
tree In California many years ago. As
heiress of all he owned, I claim that land.
I wish to know about the record of the
deed, as I intend to go to California soon
with my attorney.. Please write soon In
regard to the. matter."., . \.
The letter was dated at Auburn, June 3
of this year ; As this county was not or
ganized until 1866, there are but few docu
ments on file of the year 1861 which have
to do with the property mentioned In the
letter. ; : ___^___
Maine Woman Writes to the Clerk
and Wants. Him to Look
SAYS SHE IS HEIRESS" .
. OF ALL KERN COUNTY
OAKLAND. June 13,-The exclusive
society circles of Oakland were
given an Interesting bit of news
to-day in the announcement of
the engagement of George Whea
ton and Miss Ida Belle Palmer. Mr.
Wheaton is the only son of Mr. and Mrs.
George H. Wheaton of Lakeside and a
brother of Mrs. Edson F. Adams. Miss
Palmer is the eldest daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles E. Palmer, her father being
cashier of the Union National Bank. The
young lady is one of Oakland's most
beautiful women, with a stately carriage
and of a pronounced blonde type.
The two families have been among the
leaders in the, social life of the city. For
years the Wheaton home has been nota
ble as the center of much entertainment,
Mrs. Wheaton being considered peerless
as a hostess.
Mr. Wheaton is a leading member of
the Athenian Club of Oakland and of the
Bohemian Club of San Francisco. His
business relations have been as promi
nently successful as his social life and
friends galore will hasten to tender their
warmest congratulations to the prospec
tive benedict.
M!s.s Palmer's social debut was made at
the Wedding of Colonel -Oscar Fltzalan
Long and Miss Amy Requa, which she
attended as a bridesmaid. The young de
butante attracted marked attention be
cause of her beauty and she has been
considered as one of the remarkably
handsome girls of the city. " .
1 Since her' debut Miss Palmer has been
much sought at society functions. She
was a leader in the fashionable cotillons
BONES OF MISSIONARIES
DISCOVERED BY SOU3IERS
Remains of the Men Captured and
Eaten by Cannibals in New
Guinea Found.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 13.— The story
of the massacre of the Rev. James Chal
mers, Prof. Tomkins and fourteen native
teachers at the mouth of the Aird River,
in New Guinea, by cannibals, ( was
brought by the steamer Miowera. \ The
missionaries had gone on the schooner
Niue to Aird River, and on the arrival of
tht> schooner 100 canoes came alongside,
their occupants being all armed with
bows, arrows, spears and clubs. Despite
the warlike appearance of the natives the
missionaries landed, and after their boat
turned around a small mango clump they
were not seen again from the schooner.
A force of Australian artillery was sent
to investigate, and on their arrival were
attacked by the natives, whom they drove
oft and followed into the bush, taking and
destroying ten villages. Some of the prls r
oneis taken stated that when the mission
aries left their schooner they were taken
up a creek and surrounded by. a party of
natives. Chalmers was caught by the
arm and dragged toward the village,
which was within fifty yards. He was
then clubbed and his head was cut off
with bamboo knives in sight of Tomkins
and other members of the party. Chal
mers' body was cut and eaten the same
day. Tomkins was kept till the next day.
After Tomkins had been killed the mem
bers of the native mission crew were
killed and their flesh was distributed
among ten villages. The scene where
Chalmers was eaten was found, together
with parts of clothing, a jawbone with
teeth and some thigh bones.
MINES TO CONTRIBUTE
PART OF THEIR PROFITS
Ten Per Cent the Probable War Levy
Producers.
Against the Transvaal's Gold
LONDON, June 13.— Sir David Barbour,
whom the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
Sir- Michael Hicks-Beach, sent to South
Africa to investigate the sources of rev
enue of the Transvaal and Orange River
Colony, with the view of estimating how
much they should contribute toward the
cost of the war, reports in favor of a 10
per cent tax on the profits of the mines,
yielding, on the basis of the profits of
1898, £450,000 yearly. After paying this
Sir -David Barbour considers the mines
will be better off than before, as they will
save £600,000 per year on dynamite, owing
to the abolition of the monopoly . in that
commodity. , • .
GERMANY MAKES PROTEST.
Objects to Great Britain's Proposed
Confiscations in Transvaal.
; BERLIN, June 13.— The report of '' the
British-Transvaal concessions ' committee
is severely condemned- here. by the. whole
press as being high-handed and denying
private property rights in war, against
the practice and- theory of all , civilized
countries. The German Government has
instructed the German embassy in Lon
don to protest against the gross wrong
meditated against a large number of Ger
man stockholders In The Netherlands
South African Railway whenever it ap
pears certain or even likely that the.Brit
ish Government will adopt the commit
tee's report. ' ' * ' ¦
Germany takes the ground that the Ger
man stockholders have an undoubted
riKht to full- compensation from . Great
Britain for their shares. Germany recalls
her own proceeding after the ¦ war of
1870-71, when she purchased at 4 a high
price the French Eastern Railway in
Alsace- Lorraine, although the road aided
France In. every possible manner during
f Via XITfll* * ¦ " ..'-'-
The society formed here for the.protec
tion of German stockholders of. tha
Transvaal railroad says steps have al
ready been taken to compel Great Britain
to do the stockholders justice.
Irwin Defeats Denny.
PORTLAND,' 1 June 13.— Toby Irwin of
San Francisco to-night was given the de
cision over Martin Denny of Australia in
the twentieth round at the Pastime Club.
For fifteen rounds both men did some fast
fighting, i but during the • last five rounds
Denny . clinched repeatedly, to save him
self from being knocked out.' -
and other notable social affairs here and
in San Francisco. Miss Palmer is a grad
uate of the Oakland High School and has
many accomplishments. •
There will - be many important social
events in honor of the engagement. Mrs.
George H. Wheaton and her daugher,
Mrs. Edson Adams, are now as Los Ga
ins. Upon their return the parties, lunch
eons and other gatherings in the Lake
side district will be arranged.
The weddine ¦ date has not been an
nounced, but the understanding is that
It will take pla.ee late during the summer.
There are few engagement announce
ments which would have attracted greater
nttention from Oakland society folks than
has this one.
aVful ravages of
PLAGUEININDIA
In the Patna IM vision of Bengal the
Cases Beach a Total of
437,681.
WASHINGTON. June 13.— The fearful
ravages of plague in British East India
are increasing. In the Presidency of
Bombay during the week ended April 12
there were 1947 new cases and 1632 deaths.
This is an increase, of 172. cases and 127
deaths 'over the previous week. The in
crease is notable In Karachi, where 230
fresh plague cases and 209 deaths occurred.
In the same week 715 deaths were reported
and 432 others suspected in Bombay city.
There are many- thousands of plague
deaths reported from other provinces of
India, the largest number being in the
Patna division of Bengal, where, up to
April 27, the total of 437,681 cases were re
ported. .
Negotiating. With the Santa Fe.
HAMBURG, June 13.— The Hamburg-
American Steamship Company denies the
report that Its negotiations with the Atch
ison, ToDeka and Santa Fe Railroad to
handle the shore end of its new enter
prise, a trans-Pacific line, axe broken off.'
Railroads for Rhodesia.
BULUWAYO, Rhodesia, June 13.—Con
tracts have been signed for 500 miles of
new railroads radiating from here.
"May" our alliance, founded on Christ,
forever bind the kindly sentiments which
now exist between the two lands," was the
concluding sentiment of the convention's
message. -
I ask 'you to transmit to the Brotherhood of
Young Men's Christian Associations of Amer
ica, assembled for the jubilee convention, my
hearty congratulations. With pride the broth
erhood may look bark on its past nfe, whlcn
promises further to flourish and Increase. May
this expectation be fulfilled In a rich' measure.
With satisfaction I see that the German asso
ciations, active in the same endsavor, take
part fraternally in this solemn gathering. May
the American associations also In the future
train for ¦ their fatherland citizens who are
sound in body and soul and of earnest convic
tions of life, standing on the only Immovable
foundation, of the name of Christ, whose name
Is above every name. WIL1IELM I..R.
The convention in reply sent a message
to the Emneror expressing thanks -and
saying that the delegates were deeply
touched by the reference to the fraternal
relations existing betwen the young men
of the German Fatherland and America.
Among .-¦ the pleasant features of the
jubilee convention was the receipt of a
message from the German Embassador at
Washington, transmitting a telegram
from Emperor William. The Emperor
says:' ¦ ". , ' , '
Message From Emperor William.
Scarcely had 1 the \ meeting at the Old
South Church broken up when a large
gathering assembled in historic Faneuil
Hall, when ! the delegates listened to
speakers from England, Hungary,
Switzerland, India and Canada.
Joslah Quincy of Boston presided and
Mayor Hart and Lieutenant Governor
Bates gave welcoming addresses.
Lord Kinnaird of England said that one
of the mottoes of his association was that,
"In things essential, unity; in things non
esser.tial, liberty, and in all things, char-
Dr. Kranz of Hungary spoke in his na
tive tongue through an interpreter. . . »
Adolph Hoffman of Geneva reviewed
briefly the work of . the Young Men's
Christian Association in Switzerland. .
Lieutenant - Colonel Charles Fermaud.
also of Switzerland and the first general
secretary of the world's committee, re
ferred briefly to the work .-. - :
* M. L. Rarlia Ram of India told of what
the Young Men's Christian Association
had accomplished- in his country. '
The last speaker was Robert H. Ames
of Montreal, who thanked the American
delegates for their assistance in spread
ins the movement in Canada.
The exercises were brought, .to a close
by the unveiling of a commemorative tab
let by " Arthur S. Johnson, president of
the Boston Association. The tablet com«
memorates the organization of the Bos
tion Young Men's Christian Association,
the first in the United States, on Decem
ber 29, 3851.
Speakers From Foreign Climes.
The church in all ases has been inclined to
limit the family of God and especially to be
lieve that no new children could be born into
it. Narrow-minded members of every sect
have been inclined to consign all besides them
selves- to the uncovenanted mercies of God.
They have often prided themselves on their
hoarlness and antiquity and they have looked
askance upon a new organization as an in.
terloper that had no right to gather around
the family table. It 'was bo with the Sunday
school,' It wa» so especially with the Young
Men's Christian Association, but by llfty years
of faithful work in thousands of communities
It has proved its divine origin and Its right
to be counted In the family ot God. The Young
Men's Christian Association is the church at
work for young men, not this church or that.
A reception by the Governor at the
State House followed. Franklin W.
Smith of Washington presided at the
afternoon exercises in the Old South
Church.
"The Relations of the Young Men's
Christian Association to the Church" was
the theme of Dr. Clark's address. He
said in part:
Grand Work of Fifty Years.
Rev. . F. E. Clark, president of the
United Society of Christian Endeavor, the
next speaker, was given a reception which
had in it all the Christian Endeavor
warmth and enthusiasm. It was some
minutes before he was allowed to speak.
At to-day's session of the Young Men's
Christian Association convention the first
speaker was Cephas Brainerd of New
\ork, whose topic was "The Fundamental
Principles of the Young Men's Christian
Association.". Mr. Brainerd dealt almost
exclusively in statistics' and a review of
the growth of the organization..
The second speaker was President W. H.
P. Faunce of Brown University, who pre
faced his remarks by saying that he
brought the greeting of the little State of
Rhode Island ' and the university, 137
years old, which is deeply interested in
the work of the association. '
BOSTON,' June 13.— The great j enthu
siasm created yesterday during the meet
ing of the International Young . Men's
Christian Association aroused the mem
bers to "a high pitch for to-day's pro
gramme. - In order- to : emphazise "jubilee
day" four special meetings had been ar
ranged, including the usual morning de
votional and praise service in the Asso
ciation Hall; a' very Interesting service In
the' historic old South Meeting-house in
commemoratnon of the adoption of the
Young Men's Christian Association con
stitution by the Boston Association; a ser
vice of equal interest in Faneuil Hall and
finally a meeting for the railroad branch
in Association Hall this afternoon.
Emperor William Sends a
- v Congratulatory Message
•to Convention.
Many' Noted Speakers
Address Christian
Young Men.
PROUDLY REVIEW
WORK OF YEARS
News of the Engagement of George Wheaton
and'Miss Ida Belle Palmer Causes a Thrill
of Pleased Surprise in Exclusive Circles
TWO SOCIAL FAVORITES FALL
VICTIMS TO WILES OF CUPID
WONDROUS CREATURES OF SEAS
IN A MOST NOTABLE EXHIBIT
Novel . Display Under the Direction of the
Pacific Grove Museum Association
Opens at the Monterey Seaside Town
CHINAMAN SHOT
IN ROSS ALLEY
Highbinder Puts Two
Bullets Through a
• Fisherman.
Weapon Found in St. Louis
Alley, Through Which
Murderer Escapes.
- Tou Sing, a Chinese fisherman, was shot
and Instantly killed last ntsht while stand
ing in the doorway at 9 Ross alley. Two
shots were fired by the murderer, both
bullets passing through the body of Tou.
The murderer, after committing the
deed, turned and ran up St. Louis alley
and disappeared. The weapon with which
he did the shooting was found at the
head of the alley. : It was the regulation
highbinder revolver, long barreled and of
38 caliber.
The murderer was seen running from
the scene of his crime by a number of
Chinese lounging about the locality. They
made no effort to prevent his escape, and
when questioned later by the police offi
cers displayed their usual stolid taciturn
ity.
The murdered man was not very well
known in the Chinese quarter. Inquiries
as to his Identity led to the disclosure oC
nothing but his name and occupation.
The cause of the shooting is a mystery.
Police officers have no knowledge of
•which tong-. If any. You Sing belonged to
and are at a loss to account for tha
crime. :
MILLION- BOLT, Aft HOTEL
ESr INDIANA IS BTXBJfTEI
West Baden Springs Hotel Is De
stroyed and Guests May Have
Perished.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., June 14.—Tele
phone messages from Salem, Ind., to tha
Journal at 4 o'clock this morning say the
West Baden Springs Hotel at West Ba
den, Ind., has been destroyed by fire.
Great confusion prevails, and at this time
it cannot be stated whether the fire, waa
attended by loss of life. The hotel is the
largest hostelry in Indiana, having some
TOO or'SOO rooms, and cost a million dol
lars. The Insurance will amount to about
$100,000.
CAMEOIE HONORED BY
GLASGOW TTNIVERSITY
Two San Franciscans Among Those
Upon Whom Degree of Doctor
of Law Is Conferred.
GLASGOW, June 13.— In connection with
the week's celebration of- the four hun
dred and fiftieth anniversary of the foun
dation of Glasgow University the degree
of LL. D. was to-day conferred on An
drew Carnegie. Lord Dufferln, Generals
Sir Archibald Hunter and Ian Hamilton,
Messrs. Cooper and Oayley of San Fran
cisco and three Glasgow ladles. This 1st
the first time the university has conferred
the desrreo on a woman. Mr. Carneglo
received an ovation.
Wedding of a Sonoma Pastor.
SONOMA, June 13.— At the Methodist
Epicopal church In Oakdale a pretty wed
ding occurred Tuesday evening-, i when
the Rev. C. L. Peterson, pastor of the
Methodist church at Sonoma, was united
In marriage to Miss Lulu Lindsey, for the
past three years principal of the public
school at Tesla. Both young people are
well known and popular. The groom has
just completed a four years' course at the
University of the Pacific, and has during
the few months of his pastorate in Sono
ma succeeded In materially advancing 1
the Interests of his church. Dr. McClish,
president of the University of the Pa
cific, performed the ceremony. F. Mltch
eltree, editor of the Sonoma Valley Ex
positor, was best man. Miss Annie E.
Lindsey was- maid of honor. After the
ceremony a wedding supper was served.
New Prison Director Appointed.
SACRAMENTO, June 13.— Governor Gaga
has appointed Warren R. Porter of Wat
sonville a member of the State Board of
Prison Directors to succeed D. E. Hayes
of San Francisco, term expired. - ¦ .t~ -
Elope to Oakland.
OAKLAND. June 13.— William J. Wilson
and Miss Annie Hlggins of San Francisco
eloped to ' Oakland this afternoon and
were married by Justice Larue In the
presence of Mr. and Mrs. Edward HuglU,
two friends, who said that their mar
riage three months ago was a runaway
match and so happy in its outcome that
they felt it their duty to commend their
txample to the younger couple.
Other licenses were Issued at the Coun
ty Clerk's office as follows:
Louis J. ' Martin of San Leandro, aged IS.
io marry Josla L. Marshall of San Leandro.
aged 17, both the young people having their
parents' consent; James M. Hart of San Jose,
aged 30, to marry Mabel Douglas of San Jose.
aged 22: Manuel S. Gomez of Irvlncton. aged
42, to marry Fellcle E. ilaclel of Irvtngton.
aged 27.
jmiS BAJN J KAJJUl^O; CALli^B-BIDAY, >TTKE 1 4, 1901^
OAKLAND BELLE WHOSE EN
GAGEMENT TO GEORGE
WHEATON IS ANNOUNCED.
9
EXCURSION AROUND THE. BAY.— A grand
around-the-bay excursion, including a stop i at
Vallejo, will be given on Sunday, June 23, by
the Bureau of Relief, Woodmen of the World.
Good music will be one of the features of the
excursion. - ' . ' ¦ ..
ODD NOOKS IN EUROPE. THE BORDER BANDITS.
LIFE ON A MODERN ARK. STORIES OF INTEREST.
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL
BY KATE GREENLEAF LOCKE.
Beginning ol a series cf articles, by America's most expert writer, on the
subject o! how to furnish and decorate a hovsc artistically. Every house-
Keeper, -young or old, will be interested in these articles.
I Y^I"THTT\ A ¥7 1 -
Most Famous The Diplomatic WU! an- American
Chinese Woman in Corps Girl Become
America.: "At Washington. ? Queen o! Italy?THE SAN FKANOISCO CALL^ FRIDAY^ JUNE 14^ 1901.
10
' MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. .
.WANTED— Pasturage for 2 horses until No-
vember; state price. A. M. DALY, 441
Geary st. ' ... . ¦ ¦'
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE!
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
H. LIPTON pays highest price for cast-off
clothing. 7 Spring st., nr. Cal. : tel. Green 594.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially •
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th: tel. Folsom 2522.
31ONEY_TO IjOAS/J
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do - business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied z no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market at.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
...7...V..T. IS MORTGAGED
and* you need more money, tee H. MURPHY.
• 630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests to estates, second mort-
gages, etc. •
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided interest, real estate in probate:
mortgages and legacoies bought; no delay; get
my terms before dome business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 2.
HIGHLY respectable, privata place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low--
est rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old-gold, silver, diamonds. ¦
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal:
low rate: strictly private. Lick. 113 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
3% on "furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 8 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room t.
THE Tousley Company; "loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. - - ¦¦ ¦
CASH loaned to salaried peot>le on note without
indorggr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
M4XVEY WANTED.
OUR clients demand we make loans for them,
and offer 6 per cent Interest upon flrst-clasa
securities only. .West Coast Investment Co..
Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTROIENTS.
WE offer 2 Smith & Barnes uprights at C23
each; used less than 6 months: good as new.
1 fine walnut Arlington, $175.
1 small French upright $"3. .
1 Packard upright, in beautiful burl walnut
'Decker A Son walnut upright. $273.
and many others of equal desirability.
Call or address THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAT .
fr CO. rr.ay re exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or b_nv grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have fu'.l
price iillD-w-d- • New upright pianos. $« per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corj ler Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland. j
REMOVAL- of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market ft. to our large and elegant quarters,
314 Post st.. opposite Union square. Are aow
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced price*.
JAS. KEEFFE, 314 Post St., between Stoclt-
ton and Powell. .
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within S years and full purchase pries al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, SO
OTarrell st.; established 18£0.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains-rl Kmei-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. I
Sterling $75. $125, $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chlckering. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-playera. .
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; upright
planes, $75 and upward: Steinway. Knabe.
Emerson. Hartman and others: squares. $10
up. BRITENN. 208 Post st.
BARGAINS— Fischer, "Weber, Manner. Nugent.
Hallet & Davis; easy payments. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st.
ALL makes: great bargain list: $30 up: rents
$2 up- allowed. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st.
SOHMER & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester,
Hamilton and Splelm ann pianos. ByronMauzy.
308 Post.
WANTED— Ten square pianos for country
I - schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
! FINE large upright piano: also folding-bed;
great sacrifice. J24 Golden Gate aye^
AN uprieht piano: must be sold: owner leav-
- ing. HORNtTNG. 216 McAllister • st.
CLOSING out 5tock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bids-
LUDWTG pianos the most popular. "WILEY B.
• ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
! $3 per month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
i CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
I $117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
i Geary st.. room 38.
I A FINE unrisbt piano for sale cheap. S37 Me-
j .Alllsterjs^
J AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
ST T PFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.'
MT7LLF.R. maker, repairer. 5 Latham niace.
'offices and stores to let.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 527 Market st?—
Sunny o'fices. $13 to $20; usual services.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advanca
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks.- second-hand. In good order: alt
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OIL LANDsT
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. • We can furnish you with lands lu the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHRA & PF/r~RSpN. 301 Examiner building.
personals"
INFORMATION wanted as to the "whereat
bout3 of MICHAEL JOSEPH McDONOITGH.
late of Movill, County Donegal, Ireland, by
his parents, now living at 60 Clifton Park
. . ave.. Belfast. Ireland. Write to them or the
, Chief of Police. San Francisco. ¦ ¦ . _^
: WHT THROW YOUR LIFE AWAY 1 t 7
' Going without sleep and turning yourself into
, > a nervous. Irritable wreck; all nervous and
mental diseases cured: sleep assured: hallu-
cinations dispelled, dr; van landeghem.
* 368 Geary st.: teL Brown $0; hours. 10 to 4.
i A— IP your hair Is falling or you are bald. ca!l
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
' tlvely — uaranteed: preparation sent to all
i parts of the world.; call or send for circular.
i '
, ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
23c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1 $1 WEEKLY— Suits " to order from genuine
' Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up: ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
1 Market st-. between Seventh and Eighth.
• WHITE enamel Iron beds, stnele, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
¦ CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
- ELI CARITHERS — Tour brother Is very sick In
Santa Rosa: come at once.
• Ladles* ard gents' cast-off clothing bought anil
sold. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
LADIES* tailor suits made to order: reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
I TAILOR made suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 SO.
• M>sflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch, S115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
. cept Th. and Sat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
: OLD arold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
. bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
I AURKDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
. hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.'
1 MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
- SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wltn
, electric needle. MISS EATON; 1113 Sutter st.
- DR. .LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
' corn cure: ZZc; all druggist*. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.:
WANTED by " marrieT^man-S'osition as en-
gineer ; ; can . handle direct * current dynamos
', and Ice-making machinery; can erect and do
all kinds of repairs on engines ;• good refer-
ence If necessary. . Box 4229, Call office.
WANTED— By a married man, as steward for
a mining boarding-house or to manage- a
", hotel in -country; best 'of reference given: 4
years i In last place. • Address : W. A. M., 516
Van Ness ave. ' . \ , ¦ * ¦ .. (
RELIABLE man wants position In private
place; understands care of horses and garden:
good driver; -can milk; is a good all-around
man; good reference. Box 3631, Call office.
FOREMAN for vineyard, thoroughly acquaint-
ed with wine-making, superintending cellar,
field and orchard, | wishes position. Please ap-
ply at 630 Sacramento St.. upstairs. ¦
WANTED— A position by coachman or as gen-
eral man about place; understands „ garden-
Ing; references.. Box 2256 Call office, Oak-
. .land. ' •- . ':.¦>.. . ¦ , , „ ¦: ;, r
POSITION wanted — A first-class stableman,
with local references; is a rustler; will drive
If required; city • or countrv. Address box
3613. Call office. * _________
COACHMAN, first-class family man. seeks
engagement with good pay. Address S. A. P..
box 2254, Call, of flee, Oakland, ¦•
WILLING young man will work forenoons for
i board. H. HOBBS, 365 Jessie st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . _ '.-'!'"'.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore gt.
¦~— ~— ~" ¦—————¦ ————————————————— _— — — — — i — — >
___^^^jEXCHANGE. ;..,/,,,
EXCHANGE and sale office, 321 'Phelan bldg..
. Market st. — Send- particulars of anything you
have for exchange, sale or want; registration
free: insurance and loans. ¦ '
,¦' ' * FEATHEK RENOVATING. :
Feather beds, pillows.; hair mattresses steamed,
• purified. Owen McCabe, 870 Mission, cor. Sth.
FLATS TO LET.
NINETEENTH. 39S4, corner Noe— Lovely lower
4-room modern flat, $15; water free. Key at
397S Nineteenth st. , ,
THREE nice sunny flats; newly papered and
painted; 3 and 4 rooms. 647, 649 and 653 Jes-
sie St., naar Seventh; $12 and $15. ¦•
LAST notice— To -all who have pawned goods
. with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
i redeem them. • : -. - ; -
FLAT— 5 large rooms, modern, partly fur-
nished; all carpeted; rent $22. '56S Capp st,
APPLY Sutter. 230C — 6 sunny rooms; appreciated
i If seen; $22 50; water free; please investigate.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerlca-The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET— Fnrnlxheil.
SUNNY upper flat on Oak st, near Ashbury;
rent $40 to responsible party. Box 3602. Call.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1517— Upper flat, fur-
nished, 4 rooms, bath; garden; nice home; $25.
ELEGANT furnished flat. 5 rooms, bath. 1221
Laguna st.. corner Ell's.' _ _
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
$85— NEATLY furnished flat of four rooms.
Call after 6 p. m. 425 Dolores st. ; rent $10.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL.- Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
. merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE . - disposing of your furniture see
• Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for, second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent,1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & f urn' d. houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT^T^TlLl^S^N^&~TO/?rrrToTGelry^tr^et
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses; Santa Cruz Mts.; fare paid both
ways; start to-day.. .'. $20
2 waitresses; mine boarding-house' $20
10 waitresses; city and country hotels.. $20-25
2 cooks; resort & country hotel: fare paid; $40
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Strong ranch cook; Oregon; fare paid $30
Cook, Santa Barbara; $25 and fare paid
Cook, house girls, 2nd girls, ranch cooks
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Btreef
MRS. M-. E. DAY Phone Main 1375
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, summer resort, $30, see party
here; 2 waitresses, mountain resort, $20, fare
paid; 3 waitresses, springs, $20, fare paid; 3
' waitresses, coast resort, $20; 12 waitresses,
city and commercial hotels, $20 and $25;
chambermaid, country, $20; chambermaid, re-
sort, ?20; woman cook. $40; pantry girl, $i0.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl, choice place, $25; nurse girl, one
baby, $20; cook, country, small American fam-
ily, $30; many other choice places.
MRS. M. E. DAY...., 335 Geary.
WANTED — 10 waitresses, hotels and -country
resorts, $20-$25; 8 cooks, private families, $25-
$30; 3 restaurant waitresses, $S a week; 4 sec-
ond girls, $20-$25; dishwasher, $15 a 'month;
cook, hotel, $40; country cook, $30, short dis-
tance; head waitress, $25; a large number of
¦ housegirls for the city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter street. •
WANTED — A middle-aged woman 'to take care
of an 8- month-old baby; wages $20. \ Apply
. room 100, St. Anns building, corner Powell
and Eddy sts.; call between 8 and 12.
WANTED— A competent stenographer for mall-
order department; state salary expected and
references required. Box 3643, Call office.
A GIRL to make beds; must be quick and
neat; wages $20. with room and board. Ap-
•ply at SHERMAN HOUSE. 28 Eighth street.
EXPERIENCED chambermaid; half day. dally;
German preferred; wages $10.- 378 Howard st.
WANTED— A first-class hand at dressmaking.
707 Greenwich street, bet. Powell and Mason.
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant, 1191
Market st. , .
WAITRESS. 207 Third st.
WANTED — A young ¦ nursegl^l to go a short
distance in the country. 2010 Devisadero st.
WANTED— Refined young lady as companion
and help with light household duties and
baby;, good home: state remuneration ex-
pected. Box 3630, Call office, Oakland.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall i factory, 32',4 Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. • ¦ ;
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goods
wtth UNCLE HARRIS, only, 9 days more to
redeem them. .¦ .
APPRENTICE for hatrdresslng at G. LED-
ERER'S, 123 Stockton St. ' /
GIRL 14 to 16 years to assist housework In
¦ family. Box 3623, Call office. *
PROTESTANT tfirl for light housework. 3631
Seventeenth st.,'near Dolores.
WANTED— 2 first-class lady lroners; one of
them must be be able to run shirt machine:
wages, ironer, $30 and found; polisher, $35
and found. N. JOENSEN, Woodland. Cal.
DESIRABLE ' position for woman of good
- business instincts with executive ability. Box
3617, Call office. - .
WANTED— A "good girl- for shooting gallery.
.Call at O. K. Chophouse, 523 Pacific st. ,
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators;
.best prices. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410% Mls-
. sion st. _
Al FINISHERS on suits. M. SIMINOFF, 122S
Market at' ., . '
WANTED— 100 girls. Apply to Long Syrup Re-
fining Co.. Eighth and Brannan sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
" subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. " - .. « .
HELP W ANTED— MALE:
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. '....104 Geary \ st.
For New Railroad t Work. . ...:......
60 teamsters, ship to-night, . free fare.Truckee
B0 laborers, ship t to-night, free fare..Truckee
! ' 100 tunnelmen, drillers and muckers.. $2, $2 5(
» For Chatsworth Park, ehlp to-night, free fare
. 50' laborers, ballasting track. Coast road
- Laborers, Santa Barbara and L. A. Division..
* Ship to-night.: — Free Fare.. ....Ship to-night
, - 60 teamsters, ship daily, free fare Uklar
.. ,50 laborers, ship datly, free fare Uklar
: Edgerman, country sawmill, $50; screw 'turn-
i er, country sawmill, $45; 20 lumber pliers, $35
10 laborers, city. $2 a day; blacksmiths, $2 5<
and $3 a day; 6 R. R. section hands, $1 60 b
1 day ;r farmers, milkers, choremen and others.
1 ¦"¦¦•¦¦;• HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
J Second cooks, fry cooks and broilers, $65, $6(
t and $50; waffleman, country hotel, $35; pot
washer,,- country hotel, $35; 10 dish washen
'- and .kitchen hands, $30 and $25; 6 waiters
i. - ¦ country hotel, $30 and $25. ¦¦•.'¦ -
¦ C. R. HANSEN &CO......,:....,104 Geary st
8. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny st.,
wants carload of laborers for B.t'R.' work,
: free fare; 50 men a day: for lumber-mills; 1(
laborers for city. ¦_ --v,''- ; -V '. • :
' A-HOTEL GAZETTE," 26 'Montgomery, r.' 12.-
.2 colored waiters, north, $30. ' .
¦¦..-' . . . * - '"*'—¦--.¦
1 -1 '- nv.T.f WIXTpn 4T.V :— .«T«»»: • ¦ -
INFANTS wear salesman wanted by an East-
ern manufacturer for territory. including ana
west of Denver: first-class line, selling only
* to best trade in large towns; state commis-
: sion wanted; no objection to bright woman.
Box 3627. Call office. ¦-.'; . " '. ' *.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still :
.'runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAU9 & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
I free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25o night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
">- subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - .
HORSES AND WAGONS. .
40 HORSES, for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. - Grand Arcad-s Horse Market.
, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ONE fine phaeton for sale at a bargain: one
new stick-seat piano box buggy, very stylish.
3767 Twenty-fourth st.
$30— GENTLE mare, suitable -for lady to drive
or ride; phaeton, $20. 21 City, Hall ave.
40 HEAD work and driving hbrses. 721 How-
ard st. .¦ . i -
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express ' wagon, single: also light
¦ camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper lob; four
or five months* work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
' St., room 15. '
WANTED— Sound and gentle horse: weight
1300; age 8 years; 3 days' trial. Box 3641, Call.
WANTED— -A . first-class stock ranch. Box
3628, Call* office.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
6 ROOMS and bath; 14 Reed st.; yard and base-
ment; $15. Apply 1325 Washington St. -
$45 — 8 rooms, large finished basement, large
: , yard. 1615 Bush st., near Franklin.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
6 ROOMS and bath, piano, garden, etc., for 2
i months ; rents for half value if taken imme-
dlately. Box 3638.' Call office.
COMFORTABLY furnished house of 9 rooms
and bath ; centrally located. Box 4261, Call.
HOUSES WANTED.
LADY wishes to buy lodging-house; no agents.
Address box 36C5, Call office.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Open-face watch, chatelaine and buckle.
. 712 Sansome st.; suitable deward.
LOST— Brown dog; answers to name Bum. Re-
turn 112 Montgomery ave. ; reward.
LOST— Bunch of keys. ' Return to 813 Kearny
st. In rear; reward. '
LOST— Week ago, brown and white grey-
j hound ; liberal reward. 1103 Stockton st.
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. -T"?;
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
MATTRESSES AND . PILLOWS.
TO order; alqo cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 313-320 Eleventh St.;
telephone South 792.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. ifllS Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself; be your own doctor; 4 months'
suppository treatment., $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market St., S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; - the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without .pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb . remedy; a. reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
~turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
: never falls; the, most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
DR. AND MRS. GOODWIN, 1033 Market, bet.
} 6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable: 25 yrs' experience; treatment guarn'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles,
avoid incompetent specialists; consult ' free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, female specialist; no pills or
medicine used. 1514 Devisadero St., nr. Geary.
T. DUFFY'S' solution guaranteed .to cure all.
skin disearep. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MINES AND MIXING: *
PARTY who holds group of eight located cop-
per claims would like to meet men with
small amount of money to develop them;
they are sure to work into rich and paying
property. T. J. MAY. 63S Market st.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
; States Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. I'd- hand machinery. Mc-
I INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we always have a large stock ot
saloon outfits en hand; 32 complete outfits or
I one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021," 1022
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ALL have been notified to redeem theii
pledges; a large lot of articles, consisting ol
silverware, marine opera glasses, pistols,
I guns, kodaks, guitars, banjos, mandolins,
: violins, ' etc., have been left: will sell them
t for the amount loaned. UNCLE HARRIS. „
Grant ave. ¦
' THOROUGHBRED collies, cocker spaniels,
Great Danes and . St. -' Bernard puppies, set-
) ters, pointers, fox* Scotch, skye. spitz.- York-
• shire, silver and bull . terrier pups, dachshund
> . nnd Japanese pugs at College Kennels, 11!
Haight st; phone Page 1472.
!' A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, >n-
• gines,' boilers, water p-pes, 1 shaftings, pulleys
etc. 'WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
i SECOND-HAND machinery of all kind:
; v bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H S
i WHITE. 516 Mission st. .
i LAST notice— To all who have pawned good!
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more tc
j redeem: them. , -
" A— $3.50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1.75. Popu"
lar Price. Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine
J FINE suits, $10; -dress pants, $2 75. MISFI1
' CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st ¦
" THOROUGHBRED runtS; 'whlta homers- hei
pigeons. 2041 Linden st.,' Oakland. * .- --
. JC4 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma
' , chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st.
> L. SPARBER removed to 204 Mission St.: easo
line engines, lathe pulleys, shafting, belting.
t ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine: one VA
horse-power, Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny
s ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery
- J. BURKE, 130 Beale at.- . . «
J FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's stee
. * "ned safe, perfect order. 216 California st
i GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and other ma
chlnery bought and sold. , Epstein. 538 Mission
f Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand
: all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 58 Bluxomg
' FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines am
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO
r WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portlan.
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. "" TO
i MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic
: tures. BULLARD & BRECK. - 131 Post st.
- SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER
', J MAN SAFE CO.; 417-423, Sacramento s" ER
- " ¦;..¦¦¦" ¦_ - - . , ,- _ _ _ .- . . ,. i.
CHIROPODISTS. . -..¦ *
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. "
GE^R^ETwTlcELI^rs^gTncy-No charge. un-
less successful. Room 310. , 927 Market st.
DENTISTS. £
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL (ILINIC, S09 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teetn
without plates our specialty; gold ¦ crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free,. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or o fillings by my^
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
; DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A-NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
i warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth; make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices. Office
1141 Polk st.. corner Sutter; open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full %et of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c,
DR.R. L. WALSH.S15%Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 5qc; plates $5 up;phonePolkllo5.
DR. H. G TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st. . cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. .DR. H. G.
TOPNR. 1341 Polk st. ¦ '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders' prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. <
GALLAGHER^MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping;- Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S.. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.: life scholarship, $50; individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— ARITHMETIC, reading, writing, spelling,
etc.; letters written; lady teacher;. $3. -216
Minna st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrcll st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlnlng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
• der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. SanTran-
i Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
¦ time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. "
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 100S Mission St., nr. 6th.
\ Munson. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeeping,
I Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter.pr.
! ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
i • etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-JTHERAPUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason."
EMPLOYMENT
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co. — Thoroughly re-
liable; best help sent short notice: competent
men. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
i cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
] flee: all kinda help. J15 Stockton: Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
I A RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman
j wishes position to do light- housework in
sir.all family: good plain cook. 712 Natoma
st.. upper flat; no postal?.
COMPETENT woman wishes a position at' gen-
eral housework; country or city reference;
moderate wages. Call at 1055 Howard St.,
near Sixth; inquire in store.
J A TRAINED nurse from the East would like
I the care of an invalid. Address MISS Mc-
! LEOD, # 1259 O'Farrell St., Y. W. C. A.
! A YOUNG lady wishes work in an office dur-
j ing mornings and evenings in exchange for a
! room. Box 3642, Call office.
WORK wanted— Young woman wants position
t to do chamberwork or housework; sleep home.
j 1C42 Howard st. .
i A COMPETENT woman wishes a position as
j cook; no objection to small washing; city or
; country. 476 Jessie st.
'• GOOD cook wishes situation In small family;
] references; no postals. 7 Hunt St., off Third.
SLAVONIAN girl wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework. 730 Vermont st.
| SITUATION for good cook and housework; will
: go to country. Call 1018 Howard st. .' •
j SITUATION as cook and laundress by compe-
I tent person. Call 828 Geary st.
; GOOD cook wishes situation In private family,
j Call at 1113 Treat ave., nr. Twenty-fourth st.
I YOUNG, competent Swedish girl wishes to
cook in American family; all grown adulti
preferred. Address 23 Lily ave.', near Frank-
Un st. ¦ '
| AN experienced German girl wishes to assist
I in housework or care of children in country.
i^ Call 2017 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants day work and
take home; $150 day and carfare. M. E.,
1385 Harrison st. . ' ,
LAST notice — To all who have pawned | goods
i with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. /
YOUNG woman would like a position to de
light second work or take care of child ir
the country. Apply 116 Wlldey St., oft Fill-
more. between Bush and Pine.
MAN and wife would like to care for home
during owner's absence. Address box 4273,
Call office. * '
WOMAN wants' washing or other work to do,
M. REICHOW. 417 Harrison st. __ . - - 1
GENTS' mendine: done at reasonable' rates.
Room 3. 827 A Howard st. .
YOUNG lady wishes place j as housekeeper.
Call at 827 A Howard St., room 15.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar
ket><-2G0 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $1 60 t<
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bui
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anr
subscriptions 'has been established at- 109<
Valencia st. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED.— MALE.
POSITION by middle-aged man; understand:
the care of horses and cows, and also rui
gasoline engine; willing and obliging. C. K
SYKES, E69 Market st. ¦• ,
WANTED— A position as assistant bookkeepe:
or collector; very .well acquainted in city; cai
give good references. Address box 3635, Call
MIDDLE' AGED man wishes situation' to di
1 housewark or handy about place; hand;
with , tools or good orchard 1st. - Box 3640, Call
: $50— A SITUATION as collector, office man o
salesman: will give $50 to any one securing
me a position. Box 3603, Call office.
! GOOD cook, meat and pastry; hotel or restau
rant; country preferred.- Box 3633. Call office
, EXPERIENCED steady grocery clerk want
position. Box 3636. Call office.
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goodi
with UNCLE HARRIS, only. 9 days more t<
. < redeem them. >'.'-- '* .
' MAN with family wants to , take charge o
. - stock ranch. Box 2255, Call office,; Oakland
MAN and-wife with small child, would- like ¦
position In country;- the wife is good house
keper and man is good butter and cheese
maker. 2049iFolsom st. ' ', ¦'¦>'" .
'¦ BARBER with 2 years' experience wants worl
with cood man. Box 4236, Call. ¦• . -' .
i YOUNG man wants position In wholesale i.dr;
goods and gents', furnlshgs. 10081&' Market, r. 4
a— murrait^rkaIdyT?^
. ' ' Leading Employment and Labor Agents. ,
' f-i ¦ ,' Office Open at 7 a. m.
175 laborers, S. P. and N. P. C. •R.-R. Co.'s
own work on the following divisions:; Santa
Barbara, Surf, Los Angeles, v Coast Road,
Western Division, Uklah, Mendocino County
to Trinity County..:... ....*.
. Free fare.. „..:. wages $1 75'to $2 50 a day
Free fare.: ."..... .....Office fee $1
¦ Laborers .big wages
10 laborers for a . mine ........;.... $75
55 muckers, quartz mine... ..$60 and found
10 laborers, "no experience.... $37 50 and found
25 laborers, board yourself home or where you
like ......;.....................:.......... $1 75 day
8 laborers, city.. ........ $27 50, room and board
0 laborers, 25c fare....$l 75 day, board yourself
! SAWMILLS.......... YARDS WOODS
.10 more laborers for a new mill and lumber
Co., no experience required to work in mills,
•yards and woods; steady job.... 35 to 65 and fd
Line men and jackscrewers for the woods,
_ Sonoma County, ?30 and $35; crosscut sawyers,
free fare; men to work, with donkey engine,
loggers, $40......
¦ . ¦ ;¦ MISCELLANEOUS. . ; ¦ ,
Teamster, gold mining company, $40; chore-
man, private place, $40 to $45; young men to
. work in machine shop, $1 50 day: bricklayer's
helper, mine, $75; machine miners, $90; boy to
carry water, $1 25 day; stablemen, $30 to $40..
Harvest...:.....:... Farms ...'.:. .......Dairies
"150 men to work In hay and , harvest fields,
drive headers, etc.$l 25, $1 50 and $2 day and fd
59 teamsters and farmers, $25, $30 and. $35
15 milkers, $30 and ?35; 9 choremen'and boys,
?20 to $30.....:../.
: 5 header wagon drivers, large ranch, San Ma-
teo County, $40: 10 men to work in hayfleld,
75c fare, long job, $1 73 day and board: chore-
man, make little butter, private place, $30..
' . MECHANICAL HELP. ¦
20 carpenters for housework, mines, factories,
sawmills, etc., $60. $50 and fd., $2 50, $3 and
$3 50 day; 19 blacksmiths and helpers, $2 50
and $3 50 day, $40 and $30 andfd.; machine
• blacksmith, 2 helpers on wagon work, $1 75
day; safe maker.... ......'
10 woodchoppers, large mine company, $1 50
cord: tools furnished
BUTCHERS... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Butcher and drive wagon, young man for
country shop, $30 and fd. ; 7 butchers, $30, $40,
$i0 and $60; cook's helper, mine, $30: 2 wait-
ers, same mine, $25: cook for a steamer, $40;
camp cook, near city, $45; baker, mining
town, JSO; 6 bakers, $11 wk., $40 and $50; ,4
ranch cooks, marker and distributer laundry
man. porters, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636. Clay -st. .
A-2 BOYS to deliver circulars. MURRAY &
READY, 624-636 Clay st. . ' ,
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT* AGENCY.
¦'.. 59 Third st. ; phone Bush 405." 5
50 railroad laborers $175 and $2 per day
Free Fare Free Fare ; Free Fare
10 men for mills and woods. Free Fare
4 redwood tiemakers, lie ..'.Free Fare
4 men to make pickets '. $6 per thousand
6 men to cut wood, 4-ft pine.... $1 25 per cord
8 lumber. pilers.j.. $35 to $40 per mo. and board
iS'rough carpenters $ 2 60 per day
. /20 laborers, near city $2 per day
10 laborers. $14 per week, steady work; team-
sters, drillers ...'. ...$2 25 per day
4 laborers for city.. $175 per day, no blankets
10 men to ballast track ...$2 per day
1 first-class powderman..$2 50 to 'per day
Man to milk 20 cows $30 per month
Farm and ranch hands.. $1 25 per day
4 section hands, S. P. R. R.... Free Fare,
COOK arid wife for institution, $G0; cook and
wife, country hotel, $50; cook, $50. and dish-
\washer, $20, country hotel; cook, $45, and
dishwasher, $20, country boarding-house; cook,
$55, and second cook, $40, for camp; cook for
10 men,, $35; cook, small restaurant, $35; ta-
male-maker, $25; waiter, $25, for resort; bed-
maker, porter, butler, dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German man and wife,
private family, $50; farmer and wife. $40;
teamster, $30 and found: butter and cheese-
maker. $50 and board: choremen; 5 bark peel-
ers, $45 and board: 20 railroad tiemakers, 9c
to lie; 5 lumber pliers, $35 and board; labor-
ers about mill and woods, $30 and board; rail-
road laborers, teamsters and drillers, free
fare, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
TWO first-class porters for springs. $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY ;..;335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
! Free employment. . 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS, Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
! WANTED for U; S. Army— Able-bodied un-
; married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. 121 New Montgomery st.,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— First-class instrument-maker at
Lick Observatory; good wages; house rent
free; young or middle-aged man with one or
two children greatly preferred; good school:
fine machinist with general experience might
apply. Address Director, Mt. Hamilton, stat-
ing qualifications.
SHOE MAN WANTED. ~
SHOE MAN WANTED.
Large manufacturing house wants traveling
I man of experience to sell- widely advertised line
of Boots and Shoes on commission; good terri-
tory. - Address, with references, box 2229, Bos-
ton, Mass.
CUTTER— First-class waist and underwear
cutter; steady position. BAUER BROS. CO..
:21 Sansome st. ¦ •
WANTED— Young man stenographer and type-
writer for out of town railroad office: one
with railroad experience preferred. Address
box 4237. Cn'.l office.
WANTED— Reliable man for light Indoor com-
mission business; must be satisfied with $Vr
per month to start; must have $150 cash.
Apply at 25 Geary st., room 1."
WANTED— Musicians, cornet, barytone and
trombone, who onn double In string preferred.
Call at FRANCIS & VALENTINE'S. Id
Union Square ave.. at 11 a. m. to-day.
WANTED— Experienced drivers for seltzer-
water business; cash deposit necessary. Bos
3637, Ca!l office.
A PAPER-HANGER and a handy man; non-
union: no office fees. Mechanics' Registratlor
Bureau, 410 Kearny st. .
WANTED— A flrst-oJass barber for Saturday,
union man, at 505 Fourteenth St., cornei
Washington. Oakland. j
GREAT bargain; 3-chalr barber shop; must
sell account important business. . Box 3331,
Call office.
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 105 Tenth st
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages $4. Applj
to J. L. FINE, 479 Ninth st.r Oakland.
¦WANTED— A coatmaker at 109 Fourth st.
HANDY man in bakery. 435 Ellis st.
MAN to carry advertising sign on street; el
. , derly man preferred. 342 Kearny st.
YOUNG German take care horses and deliver
Original Sunset Market, 1704 Waller st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hal:
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG man to. wait at table: wages $20
Call between 8 and 9 a. m., 135 Powell st
WANTED— Neat strong young man to worl
around house. 1815 Sutter st. ¦ .-
DAY cook at 125 Seventh Et. '
WANTED — Butchers and sausage-makers; good
pay; permanent positions. 127 Mason st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; $75. 1034
Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply to' the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. *
1 WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; $60
monthly- paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
; we can supply; "tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;,
call or write for - our special offer to-day.
MOLER.BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
CLERK— Wanted for office; must write a good
' hand, be well acquainted with the city, have
some business knowledge and live at home;
: compensation $35 for month.- Address with
! references, box 3626, Call office. -
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
! soclatldn, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason Et. '
• GOOD men waited to work on brass and Iron
scroll work. S. F. NOVELTY & PLATING
! WORKS, • Bay and Stockton sts.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS. -
) , Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post -No. ; 2.
. G. A. R., room 40. ; Phelan bldg./ S06 Market.
LAST notice — To all : who have '- pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
• redeem them.~ ¦ - ., ,:,-.- -
20 GOOD laborers wanted at Hunters Point
i • Dry Dock. .: ¦ - ., r • - -
¦WANTED— Reliable young man with some
¦£ cash ; $40 month ; no experience. - 496 Fourth.
• SASH sticker -, hand wanted. Pacific Planing
1 Mill, "Berry st.; near Sixth.
. WANTED-^Youngr man or a helper at Mission
Carpet • House, - 2020 Mission st. ,-. .. - ;
t JOE .GARCIA, the barber, is at corner of
I Clement st. and Sth ave., Richmond district.
• 2 TO 4 chair barber shop wanted. Box 4272,
• Call office. .. . '. . ; :¦ ...r .... # . -< .
' 200 MEN to buy, suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
) WA NTED — 5C0 ¦ men ' to buy new • and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 -Howard.
- McDONALD & PERRY have 300 pairs second-
>l -hand shoes for sale, 50c up.- 241- Third st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, phone Mint 796.
...Established Over 26 Years
Offers for Sale or Kxchange
Rooming Houses, Boarding Houses.
Hotels, Flats, Private Homes
City and Country Real' Estate
., Stores and Business Places
All sizes, price and
locations, from $10 to $10,000...
for cash, installments or easy
'payments; money to loan at
lowest rates; give me a call
I can suit you. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
ALL BARGAINS ...
18-room house; sure to clear T100 $700
38 rooms; all rented: clears $175.. 2000
26 rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1900
29 rooms on Market; clears $200 1SC0
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears $140 1200
10 rooms; very central: on Taylor 400
16 rooms; near Eddy; new furniture 1350
560 other houses, from $50 to $10,CC0.
Give me a call. I sell and "exchange real es-
tate and business places. What do you want
or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 796.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
A. CAMERON & Co..
659 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming: house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
62 rooms: rent $135; well fur.; reduced.... $3250
45 rooms; rent enly fl25; clears $225; good
location; fur.; carpets: Investigate 4000
60 rooms: rent $125; 2-year lease; hard-
wood fur.; perm., transient roomers; 20
• front rocms i. 1800
15 rooms: rent $57 50: part cashi, good.... 900
15 rooms: rent $47: brick building: good
fur.. cptF; reduced to make quick sale 425
25 rooms; rent $110: fine location 900
88 rooms; cor.; rent only $125; located cen-
ter business part city of Stockton; best
paying house In city; elegant fur. ;
clears 8275 ...-. 3000
A-MARION GRIFFIN, The Real Estate Agent,
719 Market 6t.. rooms 1 & 2;-by the Call bid*.
16 rooms; 2 flats n. of Mkt.: clear $76 $1000
8 rooms; G. G. ave. ; rent $40; new furn.:
Moquette cpts. ; H cash; Income. $5S.... 425
4S rooms; 2 floors; rent $125; fine corner.. 1800
25 rooms; easy terms; velvet and Brussels
cpts; hair mattresses: clears $95 over all 2000
21 rooms; rent $75: profit $60 over all 1000
50 rms.: hotel: elevator; clears $3000 yearly 6000
~" ' ' ATTENTION. BUYERS! "
Tou may buy any rooming-house in
the city, and pay for /it
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house. .
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market st.
15 rooms; corner; a snap; rent $50 '..... $500
16 rooms; must sell for 500
IS rooms; rent $50; only S00
20 rooms: corner: rent $65 1350
*2 rooms: rent $40: clears $100 12i>0
60 rooms; rent $65; for :: 1200
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market si., opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $S00: 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $33O.\
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325. >-*"
8 rooms; finely furnished: rent $30: $500.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
18 ROOMS on" Pine St.. price $450.
9 rooms on Minna st.. price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor St.. price $709.
19 rooms on Grant ave.. price $1500.
Eureka Real Estate. 28 Sixth st.
THE largest and best list of lodging houses
and hotels enn be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.).
Phone Mint 1911.
20 ROOMS, newly furnished: 3 years' lease;
$450. Apply at 105 New Montgomery st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valen?Ia st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats cure3 sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
st. car; sit.. $1: letter. $1 Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, the medium, wishes to an-
nounce to the public his denarture for about a
month. Uncn his return he will locate per-
manently Iwre.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
ami Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c; readings dally, 50c.
JOHN PLATER— Circles 23c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternocn, 2:45; sittings daily. 10
to 4. except Sun. 1S09 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 303 Larkin
st. : tel. Howard 2711 : hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seanfe,
8 p. m.. 50c. 1C84 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkin.
MRS. JIarland's circle. S p.m.; prophetic tests,
10c; circle Saturday, 2 p. m.. 25c. 14S Sixth.
MRh\ LESTER, 148 Sixth fct.. rm. 12; circle
every evening, 10c: sittings daily, 25c and 50c.
SEE Watson, celebrated palmist and clairvoy-
ant. 1079 Market s-t. ; full reading, 50c-
KATIE HF.USS1XANN, 136 West Mission St.,
nr. 13th— Circle Frl. eve.. 25c; sittings dally.
MRS. H. A. DUNHAM, business and test me-
dium: many years' exper. 14 McAllister, r. 35.
Mrs. Gilllngham. hrs. 1 to 5: circles Sun., Wed.,
Fri.. 10c. 305 Larkin. Wed..Sat..Oakld..332 22d.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis st.— Readings
daily; seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs^
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night; 30c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. !
THE FAMOUS I
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently !
located "at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She i
reads your life ccrrectly, gives an accurate de- j
scription of the past, reveals the present hap- j
penings and protrays events to occur Iri the fu- :
I ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un- I
j happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes- j
• tic, love or business troubles, consult this great ;
medium and you will be told how to overcome i
I them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; j
j 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. j
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS. ¦
1 1000 Callers Since May 1st. ;
Naaman, Russian seer, medium, palmist and ;
advisor, tells your name, what you called for. i
cures your disease or anything you want to |
know; no charges in advance; satisfaction guar- j
anteed: develops mediums In 2 months: teaches ¦
palmistry, clairvoyancy; hours 9 a. m. to 9 |
p. m_ readings by mall. 326 O'Farrell st. •
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trsnee j
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar- I
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with j
special terms. Dally and Sunday. . . . j
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
FREE tests for 3 day!>— Mme. . Sanders. 127 Ma-
son St., medium, palmist; teaches mind teleg-
raphy; advice on all business; hours 12 to 8.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant 'and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates; satisfaction by mail;
Inclose stamp. 13S2 Market, op. Odd Fellows.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 2Jc; G. 50c; mail $1.
151H4 Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1C95.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails; readings, 50c. 12C3 Mission St., cor. 8th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant and card * reader;
. ladies. 25c; gents, S0c. 132 Sixth st.
MESMAR is the great fortune teller of this
city for peace of mind. 11Z2 Mission st. «
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
•reader. 11, 6th;German spoken itel.Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie st.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
j advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C rages, sent to any address in the
UnlteJ States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
ssend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3S3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
! RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
; reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
• ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
1 SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company 34'-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
' CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works] G H*
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
' J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Keno-
j vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
• CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, Z Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
; CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works, S33 Golden
Gate »ve.;. telephone. East 128.
SAX FR.A2VCISCO CA_I_
BCEINESS OFFICE ef The San Francisco
Tall, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
500 Hayes street: cpen until 9:30 p. tn.
S» McAllister street: cpen until 9:80 p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet: open until S:SO p. — _
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
5T61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
10£6 Valencia s-treet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and. Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. tn.
2200 Fill— :ore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. L K.
T £ PoFt St.— Reeular assembly THIS "EX?*
(FRIDAY) EVENING. '7:30 o'clock. g_
Order of Red Cross. All fraters cor- IM
dially invited. By order of the Com- *
mander. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. *
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at JT
7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order of KJT
the W. M. '
WALTER -G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
FifsilON Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M-— . •
Officers and members are hereby notl- _#^^
fied to attend the funeral of our de- iK/T
.-eased brother. OSCAR LEWIS, from '?'
the hall of this lodge TO-DAY (FRIDAT).
at 1.30 o'clock p. m. By order of the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— _j~
Special meeting THIS (FRIDAY) __\_
EVENING. at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- TP3T
gree. Master Masons are Invited. By * ~r
order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
PAST GRANDS' Association, I. O. < __ffl__T"
O. F. — Regular meeting THIS -^!?^_H__
.FRIDAY) EVENING. All Past -^<K5S^"
Grands cordially Invited to at- '"" v
tend. R. H. LLOYD. President.
JNO. EDWARDS. Secretary. r_
BAN FRANCISCO Tent No. I?. ~K. __¦»_"
O. T. M. — Review THIS (FRIDAY) >SS_£9t
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer RZ«(Sf3_
Hall. 24 Fovrth rt. l»<sK>*3
H. H. CASTLE,
Record Keeper. x_T-
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from A. Lundberg, in the
Joseph Thomas mine, at Plymouth. Amador
County, to deposit tailings In Indian Creek,
¦nd from S. I. Simmons et als.. in the Vic-
tor placer mine. In Negro Canon. Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Charcoal or
Negro Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 69. Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 24. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem therp.
ADOPTIOBf.
ANT respectable person living in the country
desiring to adopt a healthy and willing boy
of 12 years com munlcate with box 3634. Call.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. TELTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
notrod: r-oFtal. lltti Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, attyat law. S39 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ct.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD country home for children, with best
of care. H. M.. S33 Forty-sixth St.. Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
care;sunny yard;nr.school:reasonable.l607 Cal.
BUSINESS CHASCES. ,'
A— $1230; CORNER grocery »nd bar, estab.
years: living rooms: rents $25: located on lead-
Ing business Et.. cor. Natoma: death in family
cause sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
$?00-CORNER grocery and bsr with 3 living
rooms: rent $16; choice location In the Mis-
sion; & steady and good-paying business. In-
quire R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $150: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: rent
$30; best location: clearing $\00 per month.
Inquire R. G. 'WILKE. 2C"; Kearny st.
GREAT bargain — Saloon, 9 furnished rooms
and bar; price $550; rent $25; doing a first-
class business: water front. R. G. WILKE,
ie\i Keamy st.
A— $2CC0; COUNTRY saloon. SO miles from S.
F-: rent $33; place doing business of SSOOO per
year; license $100 per year: lease. Partlcu-
lars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— J12rO; FANCY grocery with selected stock
of wines and liquors; no bar; bottle trade:
close to City Hall: living rooms: good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»fc Kearny st.
A— $500: DELICACY, with home cooking de-
partment, doing a business of $30 per day;
trent $22; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $750: SALOON; no better located place In
this city; rent $30; place clears easily $l."0
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
AAA — $600 — Printing business: clears $100 mo.
tlOOO— Grocery and bar; low rent: pays well.
ttioO— Notions, school supplies: \-ery chenp.
$irco— Cigar stand; down town; long lease.
$K00— Partnership; large profits; no store.
$6000— Fine country grocery.
We have a large number of different busi-
nesses, for sale from $130 to $12,000. Call in
and see what we can offer you. WALTER
HATES & CO.. £2S Market st.
A — WE have buyers for cigar store, S10C0:
saloon, $4000 to $5000; barber shops, $500 and
J11C0; general business, $600 and $1000. List
your business with us: no charge for adver-
tising. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market.
A— S150; CIGAR stand: No. 1 location; receipts
J20 day. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A— liOO; GROCERY and bar: must sell account
death. STRAND, 209 Kearny' st.
A— $17i; BRANCH bakery and variety store:
bargain. STRAND. 209 Kearny Et.
A — *25*>; RESTAt'RAXT across the bay: clears
$75 a month. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
YOU <--an be ruited in any kind of business by
calling _t office.
O. W. SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market fct.,
near Fifth. Phone. Mint 1311.
$500— UNION restaurant: bargain; part cash If
desired. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
MAN or lady v.ith ?3r,0 in respectable. proStable
business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777U Market.
$1300— Old established hack business; 3 hacks, 4
horses. 2 sets of harness, - traps nnd tools;
rent *S: doing good business. GEORGE C.
YOUNG. Petaluma.
$600— GROCERY and bar; rent $40; lea«> if de-
frired: Western Addition. Apply WICHMAN,
LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay St.
FOR sale— In Vallejo. one of the best cornei
falcons end rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished; best rooms in town; if you are
looking for a safe investment you will find it
here: will bear Inspection: cause of selling, re.
tiring from business. For particulars call or
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Santa
Clara Ets.. Vallejo.
FOR/sale — S3O00: old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, horses,
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
fcstablished many years and doing a money-
makinsr business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON. 500 Hairht tt.
ARE you ambitious to get into" a legitimate]
profitable business of your own without capi-
tal? Here !s an opportunity; write us. inclos-
ing 25c. stamps or silver, for plan. Excelsioi
Com:>any, 737 Market et.
BRANCH bakery and variety store: good plac«
for man and wife. 591 Fourth 8t.
MAN with *300 to Join party to work place;
claim at Cape Nony. Box 2433, Call office.
$250— MUST sel!: saloon; bargain: good reasons
€40 Commercial st., 2 doors from Kearny.
FOR sele— Corner srocery and bar. Cornei
Zee p.nd Freelon sts.
FOR ? ale— Cheap; a cigar etore. 257 Fourtl
St.; cause sickness. t
LIVERY Rt—ble for sale, doing good business
For particulars. 3. K. DOLLISON. Bank o:
Eureka. Eureka, Humboldt Co.. Cal.
FOR sale— Cheap; a cigar store. 227 Fourtl
«t.; cause, sickness.
A— WAGON-MAKING and horseshoeing shoi
for eale at a bargain. Call 404. Jackson et
WE have *ome select oil land in Devil Der
district which must be eold. Ftirther infor-
mation West Coast Investment Co.,' Phelai
building.
FOR sale— Wholesale fruit and produce busl
ness; trial given: present owner going East
Box 561S. Call office.
GREAT chance to eecure fine modern store
good location for any business. S15 O'Far
* - l«-Il St.. pear Mason; eee It.
CORNER grocery and bar; good business; larg'
stock: fine fixtures: 4 living rooms; caus
p1ckn»ss. Address 74S Brannan et.
GOOD opening for barber *hop and", baths' li
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia et. * '
PALOON for sale opposite the ferry; rap
chance. Ill East St., north of Market
TO exenange — Alaska developed mines fo
property or business. S03»£ Turk gt.
FIRST-CLASS French liqnor Btore; est. 25 yrs.
horee. wsron. cellar, etc.; rent $50. 1401 Powell
BoxSignature Was Not Forged.
justice of the Peace- Joachimsen gave
judgment yesterday for $200 In" favor of
U. Wrinkle; assignee of Kredo & i: Co.,'
who sued F. Sol for breaking a contract
to sell his lodging-house at 120 Ellis street.
Sol entered, into an ; agreement with tlie
firm to sell : the lodging-house for $2400/ A
condition of the agreement was that' if
It was sold through any other parties 1200
commission was to be paid to • Kredo &
Co. Just the same. .The- house was. sold
through other.. parties and. Sol set up as a
defense that his signature to the contract
was a forgery- Theodore Kytka,' the writ
ing " expert, was' put on the stand and
after comparing Sol's signature with his
other handwriting testified that Sol had
signed the document. ....-- ; -.-¦.".. -
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G A Keelln & w,N D
A E Evans & w, Ohio
D A Heason, Nevada
J Bradley & w, Utah
H Underwood. Boston
F B Marsh, Boston
L T Bristol, Arizona
S E Zilipello,' S Jose
J ' Mets, Tucson ' '
A Moleno, Tucson ..
Mrs Carson, Bakersfld
J L Weaver, Boise.
F C Edmlnston, Ohio
Miss Dunlap.^N Y
Miss Seymour,/ N Y
J J Shaw & w, Cal
G Pacheco, Igrnacio
O E Williams, Ukjah
F G King.' Denver
W I Mitchell, Reno
J Meurer, Chicago !
B Long, U S N
J Marzen, Lovelock
G L Loope, Mich
G H Stern, Mich-
Mrs Prior & c, Utah
Mrs-Marcy & d, Utah
F Lyman, Sacto
Dr McLaren, Eureka
G Dunlap & w, Gilroy
A Arnold, Oakdale
A Mousay, Jamestown
F Brooks. Texas
N TTuehill, Texas
J Ho well & w, Utah
L Cannon & w, Utah
J Crawford & w, Cal
G Thompson, Placervl
Mrs Ritchie, Salt Lake
Dr Munsell, Salt Lake
E H AVard. Red Bluff
J H Garber, Salinas
H Emmelln, Lakeside
J F Price; St Louis
A J Larson, -Lodi -
L Basch. Manila
Mrs Derge, Salt Lake
E M Derge, Salt Lake
J F Nash,. Carters »
M Sharpe, . Texas .
Mrs Venn, N J
Mrs Welk. N J • -
B P Braker, Livermore
E Hieber, Peking
G Baer, Cloverdale
G "W Smith. Cloverdale
J S Reardon. Cal '
R Hill & w, Eldridge
L J Evans, • Napa
S Simmons, L Ang '
J X) Bradley, Merced
W Driver, Ogden .
S W McKim, Sacto
R B Stewart. Stanford
H Coykendall, S Jose
Mrs Donellan, i Utah ;
Miss Donellan, Utah
Mrs H Meyers. Utah
Miss Meyers, Utah '
E Beatz & w, Ogden
W Kemps.: N Orleans
W Walden & w, : Iowa
F Walden. Iowa
C Jasabaom. Redding
Miss Carmen, Carson
Mrs Christie B C
J Clark & t , L Ang
PALACE HOTEL,
Dr Dameron &w, Cal
XV H "Wilson, Sacto
It Donaldson, 'Pi "• .-
Prince Albert de Brog
lie, Italy *
Prince Jacques d»
Broglle. Italy
M Fassey, Italy
L Robert, Italy
J Seaverns.'&'-w, Eng
Master Seaverns, Kng
L K Sells, N Y
M Friend, NY
E A Heaney, N Y
F Frederick & w, N Y
E Hayes & w, S Josa
Mrs Che'sher,' Colo
W Newman, Mill. Val.
M Isaacs, I, Ang
C Shaver & w. Fresno
G'H Long, Mich •:.-.
A Shornam, Lo.idon
L H Allen.- Oakland
E Block, NY
A Wettengel, N Y
A J Waldman, N V.
M H Bronner. N Y .
J Paulson. • Portlanl
C M Newman, - Texas
G Muller, Clevel*n3 .
J Moore & w; S Barb
A Pommer fc w.'" Sacto
F H Buck & w.Cal
J 1 D Carr, Salinas
J D Carr Jr, SaHna*
W J Payne & '.v, Va
Mrs D van OenWWi,
Los Gatos • ¦ '.* '-
L'M Herman. Chicaso
"W Corncross. Pa • /
A W Depue, Pa
R Dolphus, Switzerlcl
A.E Baltz -
E W Runyon, Cal I-
Mrs T M Towl,N^T
Mrs J Crowell, N Y
R Robertson, S Crux
C S Fay, 8 Barbara
C W ernand • & w NY
Mias Kelley. N Y
J Gamph, Cinn-
L Wernaud, NY '
Dr Torrelhon, N J
J underwood, Chicago
O M Kershaw.. Pa "*•
R H Allen & w, N J
W A Maus, N >Y .'¦
L Harris, Butte •'
T Eckerdt. N Y ¦ -
Dr Peach. USS Oregon
J D Dunlop. N . Y
F Shemmer, Pa .
Sir Claude., Macdon
ald. Tokio -
Lady Macdonald To
kio \ ' -. •
G Pettengell. ' Ohio
W E HartnesB'
B F Leach. Manchestr
Miss Leach, Manches
ter • : ¦ .
A .Leach, . Manchester
Captain- Borreanhazen
Germany >
J P Barker. * Pa '¦ .
Lieut Blockmls, • Ger
many '7 •¦
Lieut Wolfram, Ger
many ..-.'. .- ¦
g Rttter, - Tientsin ;
R Bauer. China
F Truckner. China
C A Sheets,^ S Jose •
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,.
O F Green, Sonora- ..
A Anderson. Rio Vista '
D LVndsey & w. Seattle
W Hnllister. Tacoma
R WHarbaugrh,' Duluth
C E Deebs, Alcatraz
C" B Browne & ¦ d. I Neb
J Stover. New York ' .
G "W Rear.- Portland :'
"W II Matlock, O T. i
J Corydon & d. O T
WHHaMes.SU I^ake
-A.G Cushingr. Sit Lake
J Blerbower, Neb- - '
D P Colton. Denver -
J Corbln. O T
T Trouln, New York '
L H Terry.-' New York
F L Mason & w, Cal '
A Sylvester, Sta Rosa'
Oil Men Elect Officers.
At a meeting of the directors of the
California Petroleum Miners' Association
held at -their office" in the Mills building
on I Wednesday ! the following; named- offi
cers were elected: . . ,- . _ ¦ •
President/- M. H. de Toung: first vice presi
dent. J.'M. Gleavee: second vice president, A_i
R. Brlres; third vice president,. O. A. .Lane;
treasurer, H.'J. Crocker; secretary, Dr.:C. T.
Deane. • '';.'-. ¦ :¦.'¦ '.".: ".'..'.' .:. •
The president appointed the following
committees: \; •¦ • ; f ¦<- - ¦ • ; i :
Constitution and ] • by-laVs— General " J. M.
Gleaves.,0. Al Lane and E. P. Heald.' '.' .
Finance and auditing— E. P. Heald, A. R.
Brl'ggrs - and K. A.' Denicke. ¦„•¦. ; -¦ - •• .
Membership — H. J. Crocker, G.' X. -'WendllnB
and' O. .A.*- Lane.".
Victim of a Railroad Accident.
Hamilton Hogue died in = : the German
Hospital yesterday from Injuries received
by falling off a railroad train near Mount
Eden^ station, Alameda, on .June 1. ; Mr.
Hogue was.a marine engineer and resided
at. 54 Jackson street- •; m ffllSgm
Redwood City Launched.
The hew 'steamship Redwood City .was
launched at 8'o'clock la^t evening by John
W. Dickie at his ship yard on Alameda
Point. The vessel was christened by. Miss
Hazel Mills, daughter * of J. E. Mills of
the Belllngham Bay Improvement Com
pany. -Captain -Henry Weber will have
command of the Redwood City, which will
be put in commission for coastwise trade.
YOXrWO LADIES APPEAR
' IN RELIGIOUS DRAMA
'The Last Days of Our Blessed Lady''
Presented in St. Anthony's
: . . , HalL . . •
A relisious drama in three acts, "The
Last Days. of Our Blessed Lady," was
presented .by the Young Ladies' Sodality
of St. Anthony's Church In St. Anthony's
Hall last evening. It was the first pro
duction of the piece and it proved to be
strong in characterization, lofty and no
ble- in morals and- beautiful; in the sit
uations presented. The cast was as fol
lows:
The Blessed Virgin. MiS3 Magscle Sullivan:
St. Gabriel, Mirs Cecelia Schoe-nsteln ; St.
Ariel, the angel of death. Miss Bertha Furrer;
St. Martha, Miss Elpha Moser; St. Magdalen,
Miss Louise Schmitz;. Claudia Procula, Miss
Olga Voss: Symne, a lady in reduced circum
stances. Miss Lulu Curtaz; Lydia, her daugh
ter. Miss .Francis Schoenstein; Miriam, the
Blessed Virgin's handmaid, Miss Regina
Schneider: Kleona, daughter of Caiphas, Miss
Minnie . Huesler; Angels— Miss Charlotte Gohl
Helen . Pfeffer. Clara. Schoenstein. Therese
Schrick, Miss Annie Welte and Miss Sophie
Imdorf . .¦ . . • . .
Soldiers Versus Sailors.
The baseball team of Company K, Thir
ty-first Infantry, and a team from the bat
tleship Oregon v.ill cros? bats at the Pre
sidio athletic -grounds next Saturday at 2
p. m. The game should prove an Interest-
Ing one. The Company K team defeated
every nine it played against in Manila
and the team from the Oregon has manv
victories to its credit. . «J*«y
gla^roI^Trpoo 1^ " Jm '*-*** G *°~
OCEAN STEAMER.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 13-Stmr Charles D
Lane and schr Vega, -for Nome.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. June 13.
Stmr Navarro,' Jacobs, E0 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
LATE SHIPPING rNTTELUGENCE.
Miss Marguerite Michel and Miss! Odella
VI tt are enjoying their summer vacation
at Mill Creek vineyard, Napa redwoods.
Mrs. It. Marshal and. Mrs. E. Tritten
bach are at Sacramento attending the N.
D. G. W. convention this week.
Miss Cella Hoff, 730% Sutter street, is
visiting Mrs. Frank P. Dayton of Oakland
for a few months., ...
Overture (Dlbben), orchestra: Anvil Chorus
frcm "Trovatore" (Verdi), McKenzie Musical
Society; "Melba Waltz". (Ardlti), Julia White;
'¦'Mamma's China Twins," Oriental lullaby
(Lee Johnson), by general request (ar
ranged by ¦ McKenzie), .Master George 1 Kro
ger and McKenzie" Musical Society; Pil
grims' Chorus from "Tannhauser" (Wag
ner), McKenzie Musical Society; Miserere
Scene. "Trovatore" (Verdi), Ethel Carroll, Wil
liam G. Baudoln and male chorus; "Maria Do
lores" (Tfradier), Paloma Quartet— Lily Laws,
Ethel Carroll, Lulu Johnson, Eugenia Breiten
gross; "Good-by. Dolly Gray," ¦ Master Donald
Cameron and McKenzie Musical Society; Span
ish waltz, "Espanlta" (Rosey), • arranged by
McKenzie, McKenzie Musical Society.
The McKenzie Musical Society will give
its thirty-second musicale and hop on
Thursday evening, June 20, at Odd Fel
low's Hall. The following programme will
be presented on this occasion:
Miss . Carrie DInsmore, Albert ¦¦ Boyle, Miss
Ida Hansen, Miss Anita Boyle, Eddie McEvoy,
Miss L«na Hansen, Lennle McEvoy. MiS3
Helen Massey, Miss -Emma Hansen, James
Garrett, Miss Kittle Brown, .Misa Maude
Schendel. • . • '
' .' • . •_ ¦• • . ' ,
A most enjoyable * birthday party was
given to Miss Ida Hansen by her parents
at their residence on Clipper street on
Wednesday evening, June 5. The evening
was pleasantly spent with games .and
stories and vocal selections by Master Ed
die McEvoy. Those present were:
Miss ' Margaret Brennan of Santa Rosa
and Mark Curtis .of Stockton were mar
ried on May 19 by the Rev. Father Mo
ran. Owing to the illness of the groom's
mother the wedding was very quiet. Miss
Margaret Brennan Is one of the twin
daughters of Mr. and Mrs. J. Brennan of
Santa Rosa. The young couple will make
their home in Stockton, where the groom
holds a clerical position.
Misses Gertrude Warren, Carmellta Devoto,
Elsie ¦ Goedecke, Ethel Schage, - Bessie Gee.
Emily Bruenn. Sophie Mlchelsen, Sylvia Sam
uels, Louise Leca'rl, Rita Thompson. -Barbara
Hartley, Sophie Levy,; Ettella > Bonn. . Edith
Eastwood, Lillle LJckel. and-.the medalists Flor
ence Hesketh.VMae and Kathryn Heinz. »''*.">*-
Misses Mae and Kathryn. Heinz enter
tained a number of graduates of the Jean
Parker School on the evening: of June 7
aftheir residence, 1406 Stockton street.
The house was decorated in green and
gold, the school colors. The following
graduates were present: ' > ' % - '¦-'¦.•• •- "
Miss Mary Scott, ' Mrs; Gua Taylor,:- Mrs. Will
Taylor,' Miss Georgia .Hopkins,. 'Miss, Frances
Hopkins, | Miss - Linda Cadwajlader, .Miss Su
zanne Green. Miss Canr Crockett, -Mrsr' Latham
McMullin. Miss Sophia. Fierce and Miss Mar
garet Salisbury. . ; . . . .
¦ The . table ' decorations were exquisitely
dainty— just the kind for a young girls'
luncheon. Cecil Bruner roses, maiden
hair and five-flngered ferns and fragrant
mignonette were used with ' most artistic
effect. The flowers were 'arranged- in rus
tic baskets. The largest basket, which
was placed. a little to the- side of the cen
ter of the table, -was tipped on its' side
and. the exquisite blossoms spilled from it
on the exquisite damask; .
Luncheon wast Beryed at 1:30 o'clock.
Miss Dillon's guests' were:. '
It was a small luncheon. On the round
table covers were laid for an even 'dozen.
The company was a most delightful one —
Miss Scott's most intimate friends-*-and
the affair was a perfect success in every
particular. ¦ • '} . .'¦¦
Of all the many- functions that, have
been given In honor of Miss Mary Scott
quite the prettiest was the luncheon given
yesterday by Miss Kate Mary Dillon ; at
her home on Jackson street. .
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The Fourth' of July committee met last
night In the Mayor's office and outlined
a general plan for the celebration of In
dependence day. It was decided to have
a parade In the morning; literary exer
cises and a regatta in the afternoon and
fireworks In the evAiing.
There will be no collection of funds this
year. The j finance committee recom
mended the following apportionment of
the $2500 allowed by the city:
Parade committee, $SCO: fireworks commit
tee,. $800; printing committee. $35; literary com
mittee, J150; press committee, $160; regatta
committee, $200; miscellaneous, $200.
It was agreed to have all the exercises
in -the open air. The regatta will com
prise races bet-ween launches, yachts and
rowboats.- The United States marines
willbe asked to join in the contests. G.
P. Pond and W. T. Hess resigned from
the committee , and- th© Mayor .will ap
point their successors. Chairman Geist
ing announced the appointment of the
following committees, the first named of
each being chairman: : .
Programme— J. D. Maxwell. Charles R. Al
len. M. H. Heinan and Dr. Ma?nus.
Parade— Colonel Charles Baxton T. C. Mas
teller.-A. P. Giannlnl and William T. Hess.
Literary— T. J. Hlckey. P. J. Curtis, W. D.
Hynes N. B. Greensf elder.
Fireworks— Henry Lunstedt John Connor J.
J. Sweeney and Colonel J. F. Burgin. i
Printing— Major George Flllmer, George T.
Johnson, A. Eberhart and Dr. G. P. Pond. -
Finance— Horace "Wilson. L J. Truman A.
P. Meyerstein and C. B. Hobson.
Regatta— J. D. Maxwell. A. Giannlnl and A.
Cornwall '" ' ¦ ¦ .
PKEPABTNXr FOB FOURTH
OF JULY CELEBRATION"
General Committee Decides on Hav
ing Parade, Literary Exercises,
Fireworks and Regatta.
Cpmplaint Charging Him
With Perjury Will i Be
Piled To- Day. v;
The jury in the case, of "Sir" Harry
Westwood Cooper* alias Ernest Moore
Chadwlck,' charged with forgery in send
ing a forged telegram to Miss Norine
Schneider, after being out all night, came
into Judge Cook's court yesterday morn
ing and the foreman, H. K. Waterhou3e,
announced' that the members had been
unable to .agree upon a verdict. The
Judge asked. whether it was a matter of
fact. or- of law and the foreman replied
that it was on a matter of fact as to
whether the telegram had been sent, with
intent to defraud. The Judge said h«
could not advise them and discharged
them. The case was then: set for to-mor
row, when it will be reset for the second
trial. The jury on the first ballot stoou
6 to 6. A second ballot stood 7 for convic
tion and 5 for acquittal and no change was
made.
After the jury was discharged Attorney
Murphy for the defendant asked the court
to order Mrs. . Schneider and her two
daughters into custody on the charge of
perjury. He declared that they perjured
themselves by testifying that no engage
ment existed between the defendant and
Miss Norine Schneider. T\.e Judge replied
that the fact of the engaeement was not a
material point In the case and declined to
take any action.
District Attorney Byington will file the
complaint charging Cooper with perjury,
as instructed by the Judge, to-day. The
charge is based upon the testimony of
Cooper that he had a private conversation
with Miss Norine Schneider on the even
ing of February 22, when it was arranged
between them that he should send her the
forged .telegram. That'. Is a material
point in the case.
Stands Seven for Convic
tion and Five for
. ' Acquittal. -
JURY IN COOPER
CASE DISAGREES
Owingf-to the fact that the overcrowded
detention shed at the Mall dock is. not in
good sanitary, condition, ; Collector Strat
ton released Su Shih Chin on. cash bail
given .by his custodians, the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, last Wednesday, and
the : Chinese reformer, has comfortable
quarters among his own people. • v •
He appeared before the Collector yester
day "to show cause why he should not be
deported. | The Dowager , Empress v.', of
China was represented -by her Imperial
Majesty's Consul General, Ho Yow. .Con
sul Ho objected to the admission: to. this'
country of Su on two grounds. , First, that
his section 6 certificate, describing him as
a traveler, had been obtained from a repre
sentative of the Chinese Government '.by
fraud and misrepresentation, and -second
that the paper was informal because there
was an unfilled blank in it. ' '-¦'¦' .
The transcript of 'the proceedings -r-wlll
be mailed to the Secretary of the Treas
ury as soon as prepared and Su will be de
tained here until the; Secretary passes
upon the case. .
The friends of Su are sanguine as to the
result. They say that if the worst hap
pens and Su should be deported to' Shang
hai, whence he came, he will be under the
protection of the British flag and can ob
tain, a ¦ certificate ¦ from • the registrar., at
that port, which will entitle him to land
here. • ¦•'•'- ¦.;-.,¦
Several hundred red circulars/in Chinese
characters were circulated in Chinatown
yesterday afternoon announcing that Su
would speak to the Chinese people of this
city in the Washington-street theater at
7 o'clock in the evening on the subject,
"Past, Present and Future of China."
Ho Tow will file a copy and translation
of the circular to-day with the Collector
-as an evidence that Mr. Su is not a
tralever, but a lecturer. < .- ¦ ' ..
Irregularities in" the Papers
and Misrepresentation
Alleged.'- ¦¦.*¦• /
Consul Ho VYow Insists
That He Should Be
v Deported.
SU SHIN CHIN'S
CASE IS HEARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FBlDAY^.fjr.TJ]SrE 14, 1901.
• I •
11
BAILWAT TBAVEL.
l«OO5IS^FOn^ HOUSEKEEPIXG Con.
1*OPT, 527— Three larre sunny rooms' for house-
rent tlj; also others. ' *¦ v
VALENCIA. S3O/i— Sunny front room, connect-
ing kitchen, firrnished complete: " bath- rent
$12: no children.
VALENCIA. 1047-2 furnished housekeeping
rooms In Sausalllo or Tlburon for vacation.
VAX NESS, yg— Housekeeping rooms 'complete.
A BRANCH oldce lor Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at 10s»6
Vajenela kt. . ,
CLASSIFIED advprtlspments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 fnimnre st.
ROO3IS TO LET — Furn. nnd Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, Ml Grant" ave.— Beet $1 a
day ramily hctel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 5Cc up: meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. HS Sixth-Rooms".
£r.c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
A— MARKET. 104SA— Nicely furnished" suites,
SIS per month up; .sinjrles. $5 per month up.
BURNETT. 14:6 Market (old No. 1364)— Fui^
nished rms.. suites. ¦ single; also unfurnished.
CASTRO. 743. near 20th— A most desirable suite
of sunny corner furnished rooms, or single
rooms; admirably suited for doctor or dress-
making parlors; no children; references re-
quired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
turnished sunny rooms: prites reasonable.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM. SJ4— Sunny, front furnished room;
closet; private; with bath; Jl 20 a week.
GALT House. 1106 Market — Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs*. J. F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GRANT ave., 7— Xlce sunny suites and single
rocms; rent cheap.
HOTEL. St.. Denis (European plan). 24 Turk st..
nr. 3Jarket— New building:, elegantly furn.;
just opened: strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments: inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month: references.-
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor..
HYDE. SS9— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath. ¦ ¦ ¦
LARKIN. 816A— Nicely furnished rooms, reason-
able prices; private house.
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MASON, 223. cor. O'Farrell— Sunny bay window
rooms; transient.
3 UNFURNISHED rooms to let. Inquire rro-
cery, cor. Clay and Mason sts.
M'CLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooma: also transient.
METROPOLE. 6 Turk. cor. Market-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to J3 per day. •
MISSION. 25i;— Sunny furnished room with use
of bath.
¦ — . i.
MOST delightful furnished apartments in San
Francisco: new six-story stone building; elec-
tric elevator: every convenience. Hotel Gray-
g tone. 66 Geary St.; steam heated.
NICE furnished, sunny room for rent. Apply
at 1412 Mission st.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
POST. €36— Slnple front rooms, large -parlor;
grate, cunning water, bath; board.
ROSEDALE House. 313-321 Ellis st:— Rooms
night. 25c to $t; week. |1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room. Emnkinp-room and ladies' par-
lor; ronms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. S2 to
$$; month. JS to S30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths. "
SHERMAN Apartment' Mouse. 28 Eighth Bt.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. •
STOCKTON, 332— The Ottington— Few choice
suites and several small rooms i cheap. ...
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established • at 1096
Valencia pt.
HOO3IS AMI HOARD.
AN exceptional . table: pleasant ."rooms; good
service; popular rates. S07 California Bt.
THE ' Roanoke. ' S08 Bush — Ntw house: newly
furnished: suites ¦with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door. '•
A MOST desirable suite of sunny corner fur-
nished rooms, with board, ror two ladles or
two gentlemen or married couple: no chil-
dren: references. 743 Castro, near Twentieth.
PINE and Masin (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent .table and service.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nlshed sunny rooms, en euite and single,
with board.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
HOTEL ReDeller, 7S1 Sutter— Newly turn.;
I excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1S20. Market— Suites, 2 or
3. rooms, bath, connecting; board optional. ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to. any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
PIIOPOSALS.
PROPOSALS.— State Prison supplies.— Sealed
proposals will be rec-aived at the office of the
clerk at the State Prison, San Quentin. until
10:80 a. m.. Eaturdav, the 15th day of June.
I90L and at the office of the clerk at i the
Ptate Prison at Folsom, until 9:30 a. m..
Monday, the 17th day of June, 1901. at which
times and places they will be opened in the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering supplies for said prisons, consisting of
subsistence stores, forage, fuel, fuel oil. fur-
niEhins poorer to run the Jute mill at San
Quentin. clothing, medicines, lime, cement
and other staple pupplies. from July 1, 1901.
to June 30. 1902. Inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedules, which will be furnished
upon application at either of the above of-
fices. No bid will be considered unless made
¦ tpon eald schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the certified check therein required, nor
from any other parties than bona fide dealers
In the classes of .. articles;, to be furnished.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with
a certified check upon some well known and
responsible banking houee for at least 10 per
cent cf the amount of his bid. payable to
R. M. -Fitzgerald; president of the board,
conditioned that the bidder will enter into
a contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Bld» for either prison' must
be marked separately. ¦ All payments made
on contracts will be paid in cash or . Con-
troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids as the public interest may require, and
to order any quantity over or under the
amount ¦neelfled. R. M. FITZGERALD,
president: F. W. REYNOLDS, acting clerk.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer Division of the' PhllipnlneB.' Manila.
P I.. March 1. 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I., will,
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m . August 1. 1901. and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Inpludes about 150.000 cubic
yards riprap. 2i,W)0 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry la .breakwaters. , about. a.OOfl.-
OC0 cubic yards of dwdglng and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long-. Dredging In mud. sand
nnd shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
materials to be .used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
bundred thousand dollar* (JlOrt.CCOV in gold.
Ore contra** will be made for the .'wh.ole
work. Centrcv-tor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the emount bid. The right is reserved .to
reject any or all bids. For specifications, and
blank forms apply to this office,- Bureau, of
Insular Afrairs. Washington. D. C. : Unftei
States Engineer Offices at New York.- Ohl-
ra;jo and San Francisco. JOHN : BIDDLE,
Captain, Engineers. ' ' • ;' -
SEALED proposals, in 'duplicate, indorsed
- "Proposals for Conling Plant at the United
States Naval Coal Depot. Sangley Point.
Manila Bay. Philippine Islands." will- be re-
ceived at the Rurr-au of Equipment, Navy
Department. Washington, D. C. until . 1
. o'clock p. m.. on Tuesday. December 3, 1901.
and publicly opened Immediately thereafter.
Bids fnr complete, riant only will be consld-
| ercd. General specifications and plan of depot
propert:' ond general plans of a proposed
plant may be..seen at the Bureau of Equip-
ment, where available data In possession of
the'burenu and blank forms of proposal.may i
be obtained, but bidders will bs expected to
visit the depot and make examinations neces-
sary for the preparation of detailed' plans and
specifications to b« submitted in- duplicate-
with the nrojwsals. . R. B. • BRADFORD ¦
Chief of Bureau. ¦ • ¦ . ¦ - --.
TREASURY Department. Office . Supervising
Architect. AVn»hinr»on. D.- C. June 6 1301 —
Fealed pronoyp!* will b» received n t thin of-
fVe ur ,tll 2 o'clock P. m. on the isth day of
July. 1501, and then opene.l frr the new boil-
er plant anil pew feed pumps, etc., for -the
IT. 8. Branch Mint Rt Ran Franelneo. Cal., in
accordance with the drawings and Rfiecifica-
tintiK. copies nf which may be obtained at
this office or rt the office of the superinten-
dent at Fan Francifco. Cn!.. at the discre-
tion r.f ttv supervising architect. ¦ V JAMES
ICNOX TAYLOR. Supervising Architect.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 UKAR.YY ST: Established
in 1H3I for the treatment of Privnta
Dlanm,' I^nnt Maniioixl. Debility or
<llveas» wearing cm body aod mln<l and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures wlien
ntheri fall. Try biro. Charges low.
('iirr>eunrniil4-r«l. Cull or writ*
l»r. J(. JP. UIBSOS. !sau Francisco. CrL
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
THE WEEKLY CALL
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- . .- • % TU BaaMlii* rerry— Fo« »f Hukit St. - -
ISfm^ ••• WEEK. DAYS. 1 .... \ IJfj-JJ.
8:00 a. M.I ... , " >"'.--, fl2:15 p. M.
9«0a. m. ' I Ulbr.u.
IO.-OOa. m. I ' shndats "¦ ' J 8-^0 r. If.
1130 a. m. ,'••—• •»o«DATl....... < 4:Mp>ll
ISO P.M. — 1 5U»P. IC
2*Jr.M.J ¦: •¦ -"- • '. - 17:10 p.m.
¦ rtn. Sta rrtialM* I* Summit tad Betara, tl.M
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Sausali to Fcttt.
CALIF0RHI1 KORTHf ESTERS RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCiSCO AM KOHTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market Sfc
San'Francisco ta San Raras!. ' *-
WEEK DAYS— 1:30. 9:00. U:CO a. m.: 12:23.
| 3:30. 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
j at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— £xua trips at V.iM
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— s:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:W), e:I0 p. m. " >.
ban Katne 1 to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:C0. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. .Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10." 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:10.
o:C5, 6:25 p. m. '. .-.'."'
Leave I In Effect I . Arrlv<*
San Francisco. (April 23. ia01.| San" Francisco.
""Week I Sun- I • - - | Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. | days. | Days.
7:20 am 8 JDO am Novato-. 10:40. am 8U0 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, ,7:35 pm .6:2t>-pm
Fulton. *
7:30 am '. "Windsor. . 10:23/ am
5:CO pm Kealdsburg. 10:43 am ". . •: .,
Lyttcn.
Geyserville. ¦¦ - . » -A
3:30 pm 8:00 ah Cloverdale.. 7:35 pm 6::& pm
7:30 am! 5 :C0 pml Hopland 110:40 am 1 10 :25 am
3:30 pm| 8:0t>arn| and UklaH. | 7:33 pin | S:^?!!!
7:30 am 10:40 am|10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pml
3:30 pm 5:00 pm ' [6:23 pm
7:30 am S:CO ami . Sonoma 3:15 am! S:40 am
I and |
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami S:CO ami (10:40 am!10:23 am
3:30 pm I 5:W) pm| SebastopoL | 7:3Jpm| 6:20 pm.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelaeyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah tor Vichy- Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue. Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr*» Hot .
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. "West- '
port. Usal,, Wlllits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, ' Scotia
and Eureka. ¦'. ~~ - .
Saturday .to Monday round trip tickets at r^
duced rates. * ; •¦ ¦. ¦
On Sunday round trip tickets . to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦ ¦ ¦• = -
Ticket Office. KO Market street. Chronicle -
Buildlns. ¦••= ¦¦•-."-• :
H. C. WinTING, ' R. X. RYA>f.
- . 'Gen. Manager. - - - ' ¦" Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦ •• Via .Sausallto Ferry." •
'Commencing April 2S, > 1901.' ¦ ' : '
FROM SA^I FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. •
WEEK DAYS— 6:53. 8:30, *»:30, 11:00 a. m..
12:45, *l:43, 3^5, 4:15. 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA, TRIPS— For MUl ..Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:4") p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •3:00. *10:00. ll:0O. 11:30
a. m., 12:45, *l:30, 2:30. *3:43. 5:00. 6:00, 7:30
p.m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ' ¦¦ -¦ . '¦ '¦ ¦ •' ¦'¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:23, 6:27. • 7:47. 8:23. 10:15
a. m., *12:X. 1:15. 2:20, »3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS, on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:0o p. -m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 9:45, *ll:0O a. m.. *12
m., 1:00, 2:15, *3:30, 4:30. »5:43. 6j43. 7:30. 10:10
p. m. •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin:
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:43. 6:45, 7:55, 8:53." - 10:*)
a. m.. 12:3»." 1:45.- 2:43. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. '.' "
SUNDAYS— «:33, 8:W. 10:05. 11;W a. m.. 12:15,
1:20. 2:3C. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. nv
THROUGH TRAINS. - *.
6:55 a. m. week day*— Cazadero and way sta-"
tlons. ¦ * . - . fj •-
3:1> p. m. ' Saturdays— Cazadero and. way sta-.
tlons. ' - . ¦ /' '•¦
- 5:13 p. m. week .days ¦'(Saturdays', excepted)-^-
Tomales and way ' stations. - - *-*
8 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and, way
stations.- ' ''':.-- >'¦'.-¦.¦¦ '-.-»¦¦ .-...,..
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd lOvrl'dl Local
¦¦- I Dally I * 1 Dally | Daily
Lv.Fan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar.. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7-18 J>
•• Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p ,
resno "• 2:05 P 2:35 P 3:03 a 10:30 p
Hanford . 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0Ca ...:..
" Visalla... 3:40 p .....;.. 4-48 a
. " Bakersf'ld 6:15 p 5:2P p 7:30 a ""**
" Kans/Cy t 2:40 a 7:30 a ...""*
*.' Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
• a for mornlns. p for afternoon.
.T9:00 a. m. train la the California Llm-*
Ited. leavlnc Monday ami Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. -Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
flrst-cla*s passengers. . No second-class
tickets honored on thin train! Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. "
4:20 pi m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding. train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.. .* ¦ *
- 8:00 p.-m.-is- the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free- Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago:
also. Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno.* Corresponding train arrives at 5:53
p. m. ' dally. • . * •- • i
T:20 a. m. Is ' Bakersfleld Local, stopping;
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
refpondlnj* tratn arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Office!"— 64T. Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ' - ". " ' ¦¦ . ¦ ... -¦
rAIXTEUSAXD DBCORATOUS •
"<^s. *yy»g, r>a fas, far
_^ PALMISTRY.
!SSS55 X»lml-t «nd oh»r«ct*r
' "*" sn "' >n rlass and private. 617 Jones.
MH-SICIASS £ A3TD SCRGEOXS.
1C.1 Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh!
rilVSIOGNOMY.
'^g- » : printed chart. *2 50; lessons.
PILES. ~~ ~ j
?wuEt'*J*!* »S«52«e«t^MM hewtaiTSJ
ever fit?? Z,^ ? Ve surr * r « 1 20 to 30 years;
«n. f 5 , r ' aTres ot Prominent business men
"ela> frnm business, and no salves for sale
£fi£^s.*F.. < c«r eM rh5Eician - **>* 1S^ SS
FOR S.-uTe". I
are tot: lookincT "for "bargains*
_ „ These properties must be Bold.
Small flats renting lor $236 per year- always
Price 4 r750°° d teaants and In eood condition.
Ori? j~30 CaMfOrnia Et ' : ven ' larse ' 3Ox100 feet -'
Lot on Panhandle: $3000 refused for this lot
a rhort time ago: roxlC7:6. Price. J2500
The owner of these properties has Rone East
*Z ™ m^' n a ?, d l! as Rlven P^Uve Instructions
to me to tell them, and I am determined to
carry out his Instructions. The properties will
positively be sold; somebody will get bargains-
xrr.y not ;nu?
„ HERMAN Mt'RPHY. 630 Market st.
COZV little cottage; Fair Oaks st.: 5 rooms.
bath and laundry; offer considered. DOX-
>EL.L1 CO.. £22 Market hi.
ST350— NEWLT painted new 5-room cottaee: all
nV^ e "!,- ll^ rr ' oven "' in ' : Iot :3xl " feet. In-
QUire ISo Twenty-ninth Bt.
FOR ?ale— Choice residence property; Ellis &
fe h 6bf. J Ca"n 'officef " r * et: V ™' "° agePtS -
LAFT notice— To all who have pawned goods
with I'NCLE HARRIS, only S days more to
redeem them. . •
I^fc you V,* ve i^ ts to Fe " north of the p «rk.
then call on tt. J. CUKS. E3Q California st.
REAL ESTATE — COlXTnY^FoTsale
AN Ideal country home of ?3 acres; heart of
Sar.ta Cruz Mountains; C2 miles from San
Francisco; elevation 1200 feet: unexcelled
¦ place for private sanitarium: ocean view.
14cS full-bearine fruit trees, consisting of
prune, peach, cherries, walnuts, pears, apples,
fir» and chestnuts.
IS* vines in lull bearirr; choicest table
jrrnres. . -.
EM vine*: Cornlchnn grapes 1 : ~ years eld.
House of S rooms, barn and outbuildings; all
furniture ati4 farming implementF co with the
place; price JiCCO; t:<W can remain on rnort-
*ras:e. Address P. BRITTON.
t'lymjila Theater.
liELMONT home Fit* for sale or exchange;
two blocks from R. R. station, on Ralstor
ave.. San Mateo County. Apply C. P. Gib-
Ji"ns. 309 Sansome ft.. h*>t. ? and 4 p. ra.
BT'Y in Nara County: no drouchts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of enrs: write us for free
copy "Xa3 County Vitictilturlst." The W.
A. MACKINPER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
M. C.RIFFIN. T13 Market— Lists of farms and
city property for sale & "xchanKe; send stamp.
POULTRY and dairv j-3Ti<-hef for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WIXFIKLP. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. ~~~~
$nsn_ Cottape of 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
$l r "'<"i — ."nitape of 4 rooms: lot 27:6x123.
*!1"«— CottaEe of 5 rooms; lot 25x150.
(COQ — <rottaKe of 5 rooms: lot 50x150.
11600 — 2-storj' house of S rooms; lot 25x107.
ji;irtd — ;-«:tory house of 7 rooms; windmill,
etc.: lot SOxl.'-O.
S?CT<"— 2-story house of " rooms: lot 37:6x120.
S27QO— Modern cottare of € rooms; lot COxllS;
r.'-a'- Mortnn F.tatlon. .. . ¦ .-, — . ,
yi2."/' -Modern cottaee of 7 rooms; etable,, etc.;
cr-rrier; on Central nve. . ._. .. . ,
%lTStc> — Lot on ITni'm «>t., near Central ave.
$€<*•— I>ot near Morton station.
ALL NEAR SCHOOLS AND STATIONS.
Bargains in unimproved lots. ¦ .
Furnished and unfurnished bouses for rent.
Aeer.cy New Zealand. British America, Citi-
zens and London Assurance Companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda.
DON'T borrow a house, but buy one of these
particular bargains:
I2S"0 — Elepant 7-room 2-story house; lot 50x150;
beautiful srrounds; fine location; terms.
I2-100— Fine 6-room cottaee: lot 60x150; modern:
terms to suit: this property is worth
J^o^n; -windmill and tank In perfect order.
•3000— Finest location in city; lot 60x115; 8
rooms; cost JC500 less than 2 years ago;
terms. , •
11500— Income: windmill and tank piped to sup-
plv 6 houses: rood house ol 4 rooms; cost
J2<00.
Bargains in all parts of city. Don't fall to
eee us if you want a home or investment.
W. K. CONGER & CO..
1IC1 Park et.. Alameda.
Pfccne Grand 176.
FOR SALE—
J10.SOO— 4 blocks: E2 lots: great bargain; re-,
tfuced to S5000; must be sold.
$1100— Five-room cottage: lot 30x150: only SHOO.
$1600— Five-room, modern cottage; lot SExlOO
must be sold.
Lot on Weber et.: J10C0.
10 lots on NJntb st.: SZM each: 30x270.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
J42i Park et., Alameda.
$1*00— BEAUTIFUL. 6-room modern cottage :
owner mutt Fell on account of departure: *well
situation; laree lot: street work all complete:
rr.U5t be sold Ir- -r-diately. HAMMOND &
HAMMOND. 232G . anta Clara ave., near Park
ft.. Alameda. ¦
ALAMEDA COTTAGES^OR^^
FOR Bale— Modern cottage. € rooms; bath; lot
EOxlSq. 1518 Mozart St.. Alain-da. Mastlck stn.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JIoOO— ONE block from Broadway; cozy cottage
cf S rooms, basement, bath, etc. ; In fine con-
dition and right In the very heart of Oak-
land; choice neighborhood; open lawns, stone
walks, etc.: bank loan of $1650 can remain:
bargain for a home or Investment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO..
1008 Broadway, OakHnd,-
OAKLAXD FLATS TO LET.
t277^CORXER flat. Just coinpletedpTight
rooms- fine neighborhood; three blocks to
r*«y train*. HERON & HOLCOMB. 10C0
Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth end Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR IIOCSEKEEPIXC.
ALL cr pert double parlors, dining-room.
Kitchen and bedroom: furnished; tunny cor-
ner; con\-eniencee. The Vera, 201-303 Polk st.
EDDY. C2>— A floor of 4 or ? fumlehed rooms;
private residence: no children. "
EIGHTH. J12— Two furnished rooms for house-
KeeftlnK; upper fiat. . ,. ¦
FOLEOM, 8*0— Parlor floor furnished for house-
keeping; tunny; rent reasonable; also single.
FULTON. €71— 3 rooms for housekeeping; fl3;
also 2 roores. t8. ' ' .
GEARV. CS— Three unfurnished rooma for
housekeepinc
GROVE. 101 — Two front rooms; licht house-
keeping If desired; no children.
HOWARD. 728— Housekeeping rooms reason-
able; a nice big room lor 2 gentlemen; using
c»»- : ¦
HYDE, *08 — Sunny alcove suite complete for
housekeeping, t20; also basement milts, 112.
LAST' notice — To all who have pawned 'goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 8 days more' to
r**d«"em them. _
MeALL,lFTER. £37—3 housekeeping rooms; use
of oiano: »tt 50: call 2 days. - . •
MISSION. 2244. netr l»th— Fine sunny rooms
for h<iu«'"kwplnp: rent reasonable.
OAK. 118— Larpc eunny front room;, furnished
for housekeeping; large closet; range; $±0.
OCTAVIA. J4G3. ronrn. Oeary — Larff* sunny
bay window; running water; mantel; light
housekeeping; tl«. ¦-
POLK. li^2-2 mnA .Vronm etilte*. eomplef»ly
iurnisfced fcr h^usekecpinc; tH up; reference.
ROO3IS AXD BOARD IV ANTED.
WANTED — In 'Alameda. room and board for
lady and 2 children; Ptate price.' Box 3632,
Tall office." ¦ •-. - • , ¦
-_^ ROOMS WANTED. . |
WANTED— Room. t»- middle-aged gentleman,
with home comforts. Box 3C3), Call office.
s ' SPECIAL SOTICES. :
BAD tenants pjected for $<: collations mad»:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery rt.. rooms 9-19; tel. 5~.8O.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bouRht, sold, rented, exchanged,' re-
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. .
GOLDEN WEST Storacre Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. • F. W; ZEHFUSS.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S4C! shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Oom-
pany, ?3;o Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
SUMMER RKSORTS.
CAMP lets to sell or lease In Redwood range,
west of Gilroy;. ocean views, fine scenery.
Charming and healthful resorts; groves of
delightful shade; pure air and water. Ad-
dress box 232. Gilroy. Cal.. . ¦ ¦
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN' TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
houpe In the city; rentals, $3." The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in Fight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery! tel. Black 4885.
; ; DIVIDEND NOTICES..
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 92 (20 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson' Sugar .Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, S27 Market St., on and after
Thursday, June 20, 1901. Transfer ' books
will close on Thursday. June 13. 3901. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 22 (twenty-
hve cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st.. on and
after SATURDAY, June 15th, 1901. Transfer
books closed Monday, June 10, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlne marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Leon B. Cazet, 26, 938 Jackson street, and
Adrlenne Batcabe, 20, 101 Prospect place.
Daniel S. Markowitz, 27. 22S Fell street, and
Jennie T. Zelinsky, 24, 4S3 Fell street.
John U. Sresovich. 22, 1505 Stockton street,
and Ida Da Valle. 18, 1256 Montgomery street.
Jacob Rothschild, 41, Oakland, and Gertrude
Lanr, 22, city.
Meyer Attell. 24, 233 Third street, and Gussle
Abraham, 22. 3S Grove street. . ¦
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST
Birth, marrlaee and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be' handed
in at either of the publication "offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -
DIED. ;
Berry, Martin Llewellyn, Caroline .
Breslln, Ma.ry E. Lynch, Edward M.
BuIIard. Phebe B. Mead, Julia A. -
Butler. Catherine Mellin, Nellie
Collins. Bridget Netting, Muriel B.
Cummjngs. Carrie H. Plummer, John A.
Fitzpatrlck, Mary C Ryan. Anna L.
Hogran. Maurice Sheehan. Hanora --.--
Holbrook, Henry C. Simons, Cecil
Hudson, Mary C. Sleeper. William O.
Jenks, Cant. G^o. W. Stuart, Annie J. - ?
Johnson. Thomas ¦ Ward, Michael
Jones, Hazel . White, Fenton '¦'.
Kiddie. David Williams, Hazel ' ',:
Levy," Rachel Winter, Katherlne '
Lewis," Oscar " • ' '../"'
BERRY— In this city, June 13, 1901, Martin
Berry, uncle of Agnes Kane, a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 79 years. ;
EyRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767. Mission street. Notice- of fu-
neral hereafter." .-..-..
BRESLIN— In this city, June 13, ;i901. Mary
E.,. -beloved- daughter of Andrew. and. Lizzie
Breslln, aged-1 month. ¦ .¦;-.\-: t. ,-
CThe funeral will take place ;> this- day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 9V4 Sumner street. 'Interment'
private. ' 'V
BULLARD^In this city, June 13, igOi, Phebe
B. Eullarj3, beloved mother of Mrs. Mar-
rlner Campbell, Mrs. E. L. Lang, 'Jklrs. M. L.
Thomas, J. M. Lyford and F. E.' Lyford,
aged S6 years and 11 months.
(CTFuneral private to-morrow (Saturday),
at 11 o'clock. .. : .- . ;.. .v.
EUTLER— In this city. June 12. 1301. Cather-
ine Hutler, widow of the late Richard Henry
Butler, and dearly beloved mother of Richard
G. Butler, a native of County Meath, Ire-
land, -aeeJ 61 years. '. ¦•.•.•¦•¦ ;•.
COLLINS— In this city, June 13, 1911, Bridget,
beloved wife ft the late Edward Collins, a
native of County Galway, . Ireland. ....
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tb-morrqw
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 6 Norton place, oft* Filbert street,
between Montgomery and Sansome. thence to
St. Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the .repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CUMMINGS— At his home, 1273 Sixth avenue.
East Oakland, Carrie Helen' Cummlngs,
daughter of Captain Jay and Charlotte R.
Cummlngs, and sister of Mrs. Maurice Stew-
art of Oakland, Mrs. Blanche Satterwhlte of
Santa Barbara and May and Lorin Cum-
mlngs of Oakland, a native of Terra Haute,
Ind., /aired 16 years. . . -...• .. ,
tC^Funeral services at her late residence,
1273 Sixth avenue, East Oakland, to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, June 13. 1901,
Mary Clalr, dearly beloved daughter of Wil-
liam and Mary Catherine Fltzpatrlck, and
elster of Joseph, Francis and Anthony Fitz-
patrick, a native of. San Francisco, aired 4
years and 9 months. . • .
HOGAN— In this city, June 11. 1901. Maurice
Hogan, beloved brother of Mrs. .Mary Wha-"
Ian, Mrs. Johanna Powers and the late Ed-
ward HoKan, and uncle of Mary and John
Whalan and Mrs. Mary Bates and Josephine
and Maurice Powers, a native of County
Waterford, Ireland, aged 66 years. (New
1'ork papers please copy.) . . .'¦¦•¦
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from • the^ par-
lors "of the United Undertakers. 27 and -29
Fifth street, thence to St. Mary's Church,
California and Dupont street; where a re-
quiem hleh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy . Cross Cemetery.
HOLBROOK— In this city, June 12, 1901, Henry
C. Holbrook, beloved father of Harry H. and
Mattle M. Holbrook and Mrs. B. .R. Field, a
native of Bralntree, Mass., aged 59 year*.
C^TTho funeral will take place thlb day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his- late resi-
dence, 605 O'Farrell street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. ' ...
HUDSON— In this city, June 13, 1901, Mary C.J
beloved wife of Henry D.. Hudson, and
mother of Henry M. Hudson, a native of
Long Island, N. Y., aged C9 years 6 months
and 12 days, v . . . . . • • •
Z3T Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral -servlcts to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 1816
Fillmcre street. Interment 'Masonic Ceme-
tery. ". ¦ ; ¦ -, •' V . . v j
JENKS— In Alameda, June It, 1901, Captain
G«orse .W. Jenks, beloved husband of . Lydia-
Jenks, and brother of the late T. L. Jenks
of Boston,- a native of New Hampshire, aged
CS years 5 months and 19 days. ..'
JOHNSON— In this city, June 13, 1901, Thomas
Johnson, beloved • husband of- Mrs. Jennie-
Johnson. ' and brother of Mrs. S. A. Bell-
ringer, a' native of Encland, aged 36 years
11 months and 5 days. '
JONES-In this city, June 12, 1901, Hazel; be-
loved daughter of Mrs. D.'H. Jones, and
stete»- of Urs. Kva Wlnslow and A. M..'Carl
. and Howard Jones, a native of Oakland,-
aged 16 years 3 months and 8 days.
(CTThe funeral -will take place this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White,' 122 Eddy street. Interment
Cyrrers Lawn Cemetery. ' . . . . ,
KIDDIE— In Oakland, June 12, 1901, David
, Kiddie, n. native of Dundee. Scotland, aged
£9 vears 3 months and 3 days.
ICy-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
'¦ (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) •
-: . DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr, -¦'-
FCSEBAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMBilS
Hi Fifth' »t.. opposite Lincoln School.
• •' ¦ Telephone' South 80. " •'
Eugene McGinn. . .' • McQINN- BROS.
Funeral Director* and Kmbalmera,
-. , ' . '31 EDDY STREET. ].- ,,
Telephone South 252. . • San Francisco.
Nn rnnnyrtlon^Vyjtri Any Other House. ¦
I! MoAUOY Oe. CO.. M
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEKS. I
1239. Market St.. between Sth and 9th. I
' •- ' Telephone South 247. • • -" j
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
, ' - Ran Mateo County. '¦ •
OFFICE 916 MARKET, STREET.
' J. HENDERSON. Manager.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lrit*«- mill nrt> «•¦•*• »«» nrrlv* •»»
'.: « ' K*K rilANiriM'W. •
' (Main Line. Foot of Aiarkel Street) ' .
LSAVB ,— . ¦ Krou Juke 9. 19C1. -•-.-—. ¦ Am»i*«
7:00a BenicK Siiiiou, Elmlra, VieatiHo, :"
liuiusey *ud r>*cr»uiouto <.... 833p
?:3Oa Martinez, 8aiiU»mon.V»lleJo. Nap*. '
• * Caliatoga mid 3»nt» Uuu > tt:X3p
8:O»A Davis, Woodland* Kiiigata Landing. .
' * Atarjstille, oro»ill«_.. ..;......:.. T:3Sr
S:OOa Atlantic Kspres.i-<)?<litri »ud East 12:23r
»»:«m»a JOles. Lithrop. Stockton-.. J ?&-»r
S:OO.« Miles, Mendota. Hanford. "VisaU*.
Porter»itle..... 4:5a»
8:3<U Shuu ttxpreM— Daws, Williams (for ¦ .
Bartlett SpringH), WiUowi, Red
Bluff. Portland... ....;:......... 7:53r
»>3»a S«n Jum. ldfvrmore. HUtcktou, ..
":.- lone. - S»cr»i>m»ti>. PlwKIllU*. . * ¦
JUryiTill^. Cbico. Ke<l Illiiir 4>23p
¦iSOa Oak.Ule. Chinese (Yusemite). So-
nora. Cartew.. 4:83*
0:O«a Tlay w*rd, Nilts aud Way Stations. . 1 1 :%."» v
liWIlViUtjo k Ht:23p
l):»ut Lm Anceles Express— Martlnen,
Tracy, Latlirop, ntonktou, Merovtl
- •- Freaim »ml Lo« An«eies..- . 7:25p
•>30* V»ll.j... Alaitluec ami Way Station* ?iS>>p
I Vi«ua TU»O»erUml 1 Jmlted— O*deu, V*a-
¦ »o». Uiumba, Chk»ga . . •>-t3p
tlrOOpSacraiumito Ul*er8i«am<m fSsOWA,
8:3<»r Hayward, Nllf-aaud Way HUtloni.. - 7:33p
>4>«»rlieiilda. Winters. H»oihiiib..U>,
v Wuinllitnd. KnikliU Lauding
M»rymillc-. OiuTlila _ I 0:33\
4i*Op Martinex. Han • U»uioi>, Tallejo, .
Napu. CaliNtoK*. .Santa Itona "iBSa,
4:00rNi!»sLiTermor8, Stockton. Lodf... 1«>«3p
4>:n>i' ll»yw*rcl. Mien, Man. Inrtc, Livfrmors {8:53a
- 4t3Op Port Cos a. Tr*cy. Lathrop. dtockton 1*>S3a
J;»«r Tlie Owl IJiuiteil— Kiobiio, TuUro, :..
¦•" JlakereiloM, Mangm for Buita- Bmi- ....
' ' bara. Ijoi Ang«l«*. ¦ 9«S3*
S:OOrMariin z.. Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
oed,Fraano \*Mr
3:O«pToaemlt« 12:*3p
• 3>3Or Hew Orleans Express — Mendota. ' : *
' : ., -.' , Frenno, Bakersneid, Los Acseles.
" ' ' "V.>1> minj. £1 tuo. New Orle*n»
»nd East.... 7l 5? 4
fl:n«p IlaynKi)]. Nl!e« aiul Han Joae 7i3.>4
tK:O«r V»llej.... j Ili23\
«iiO»r Oriental Mall-Oglen, Chejeaue.
• ., Umaha, Chictso ....12:23?
8:OOr Oriental ilall— Ogden,. Denver, . " ¦
: .-> v 8t Louis. Chimgo. 4«23p
- : 7H»«r <)r«Kuii auil CallforiiK IC«i>rnm».M»o- ....
, ¦ .:" .. rau>ent». M»r>a»ltlo. Ur.l.llna, '
l'ltrMitiKl. rn B «t MiHti.il ami Kask S:33A
8iO.tr Saa Fab'o, F»rl ('«wt>, Martiaes
. .... ami Way Slatiuiis I1s83a.
t« snap Vaiujo....- 7&*r
> COAST IilMu (Jlnrron «a»g«).- ';
(foot ofllarkot Street.)
17 s43a SaoU IAuz Kxcumou to Santa Crna'
. and Pr-.nc : pal Way 8t»tlJn« J»i»3»
»:1."J* Newark. <J^iii«rtiHe.rtaii.lo(w, Krlton, - '-' -
LoniaorCrtok,.'iaiilaCrii*amlWay .' " -.'
Hutiond -ata»r
fail.lp Newark. C'e.ilerTlllH. Ban Ji.is, Nnvr
Almadeu. Fnltun. ILmMnr «.*r«ek. , ' .
Suitta Cinx an.l Principal Way ' -
Stalluiia ? l ?!iJJI A
4:13r Newark. <San Jose, I.oa Gatos j jmlJioV
"^ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroa S1J /aiSChCO— Fool of lUxket Stiwt (Slip 8)—
H:15 U.OU ll.U0<.«. 1:03 3:03 3:1 }<"¦<*.
rt.inOilU.D— rMl»tBr«»4*«j.— t -:Ott t a - u0 t3:0S
10:UO».M. 12:03 2:B3 t:C3r.M. J
COAHT IjIXE (Urn».l U»nfn).
(Thinl mid Townseinl Sts.)
«:I«A »*o Jbieand Way -StiUous. "';*•»••
n:«Oi H»n .lra.i,»,.J W^HUiUm........ I«.tor
i«::tUA Sundiy Kxon»1<>n for S»n J«ie.
K»cU «rar.. V^cidc Gro/» and •
Piirclpal Way SUtionx I5:3O»
U.O»aH»ii Ji».e. Ttct I'liion. Hiuita «!nt*. '
I'aitiHc «;«¦••••. fallnia San I. nil
Ob^spo an«» Piindyat ititermedi.ta
HUthiM i'S
10::t0A San J. se and Way otaiiona. « S 2» P
/|i»3»A New Alumilm / J ! ?°*
I I«»«A Man Jimo »¦«! Way Station »i3Or
43:l»p.Sui MatMt, ItrtlwiMvl, Mnnlit I^rk.
l'a!»» AHo. Munta Clara, .SanJ.um.
" Trea Pir.os. Santa Hub, Saliuaa.
Muuterty ati.1 I'aclrtc Wr.iTo |l«:4»*
:*-.3Op Man .l»s'« and W»y Stations i.. O:3tt>
t »:!.">f San Joaaaiifl Principal Way Stations 1>.4-^A
13:Ottr&an Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
WayKUtionn t»:«O» "
Ssaopflaii.l.ww ami IVincin»MV»y Stations 1»:33a
«»««p Redwo d. Kan Jj«kv GHr.<y SaJlaaa, m • • .
6:00p IV1 Jl^nte, Monterey. Paaflc U»uTe.
Loa poC • 10;03a .
Cs.-IOp S»:.J«ire ami Way Stations 1<t: ~*
alt-.-S.^pa*!! Jl-Sa»».l W»* Station* . J»3OP
A for iMornlna;. P for A fternoen." " r "
. t KmuUy eic«i>u«L iSni/ion^
<»aatar<laT«nly. / Tu>*tt*Tt »ud Fridays.
» fully Invited to attend the 'funeral services
. this day (Friday), at 3 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of James Taylor, 1211 Clay street, Oak-
land, ' Cal." Kuneral under the auspices of
Clan MacDonald No.79 of Glen Cove. ; Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery: '
LEVY— In this city, June 12, " 1901, Rache!
Levy, .beloved wife * of . Morris Levy, mother
. of . Jacob. .Kirdie, Louis and Philip Levy
: and sister of Jette Heimann, ' Tlllie -Jacobs
and the late Lena Harris, a native of Posen,
Germany, aged 50. years., (Los Angeles and
Sen_Pedro papers please copy.) ..
-: IC?" Fronds artd acquaintances are respect-
' f uiry ;1nvited to attend the funeral this day
.(Kriday). at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
ri*nc$ 1742 Sutter street, thence to Third and
Townsend streets to 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment Salem Cemetery-. : .- -
LEWIS- In this city, June 11, 1901, Oscar,
husband of Charlotte A., Lewis, and father of
Alice. Howard /V. and Arthur C. I^ewis. a
native, of .Maine, Aged 64 years. 2 months and.
16 days. , .* . . .
Kp"FrIends an <i acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(frriday). at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-,
fionlc ' Temple. 2668 Mission" street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169. F. and A.
M. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LLEWELLYN— A solemn requiem jnass •will
be celebrated to-morrow (Saturday) for the
repose of the soul of Caroline Llewellyn at
10 o clock, .it St. Mary's Church {Paullst),
Callfcmla and Dupont Btreets.- - • .-•¦->
LYNCH— In Los Angeles, June 11, 1901, Ed-
ward M., beloved son of Margaret and the
late Michael Lynch, and' brother of Ellen,
Marraret, Charles and Agnes Lynch, a na-
tive of Virginia City, Nev., aged 33 years.
t£?"The : funeral will take place . this day
(Friday), at 9:30, o'clock, from his mother's
residence, 1809 Larkin - street, ; thence to St.
Mary's -Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Mount
Calvary Cemetery. 4 • ¦
MEAD-rln this city, June 12, 1901, Julia A.,
dearly beloved wife of . the"' late John F.
Mead, and mother of . Leslie, Michael, John,
Willie and Winnie Mead. Mrs. J. W.' Hen-
nessey and Mrs. O. M. Howe and the late
Mrs. William H. Brittain; a native of South
English, la., aged 45 years 11 months and 12
days. . -' . '.•¦•.,•.:-•¦• • •
' tC? Friends 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 287 California avenue, near Thirtieth
street, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
. the repese of her soul at 9. o'clock. • Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ." . • ¦„ ; : \
MELLIN— In' this .city., June 12.' .1901, Nellie
beloved wife, of .Charles Mellin. and' mother
of Carl, George and Oscar Mellin, a native of
Sweden; aged 37 years 1 month and 13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are " respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking: Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
NETTING — In this city, June 13. 1901, Muriel
Kvangellne, beloved infant -daughter of
George J. and Tessle E. Netting, a native of
Pan Francisco. - -->....:
PLUMMER— In Alameda. June 11." 1901, John
Allen, beloved husband of Gertrude Plummer.
father, of.,- Mrs. ¦ Herman "WMkie and Walter
Allen Plummer, and brother of Charles A.
Plummer, a native of Boston, .Mass., aged 62
years and S days. | (Boston ' papers please
copy.)'- ' ¦ , ' ; .' _ .
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence. -2137 Clinton avenue. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. . . • . . ¦•¦ .
RYAN— In this city, June 13," 1901. Anna L.. 1
beloved -wife of Lawrence • J. Ryan, and
mother of the late John M. Ryan, a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged £2 years.
. Ey Notice of funeral hereafter.
SHEEHAN— In this city. June. 12. 1901, Hanora
Sheehan, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years. ;
SIMONS— In Point Richmond, June ' 11, 1901,.
Cecil, dauehter of Mr. and Mrs. J. : Simons,
Bzed 10 months. . .
SLEEPER— In Santa Rosa, June 13, 1901. Wil-
liam O. Sleeper, beloved husband of Almlra
Sleeper, and father of" Charles and Mary
Sleeper a.nd Mrs. Nellie F.- Eastman, a na-'
tlve of St. Albans, Maine, aged 85 years.-
STUART— In this city, June • 9, 1901. Annie
Jane Stuart, beloved wife of James Stuart, a
native of Ireland, : aged 44 years.
' E?"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), . at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to , St. : Joseph's Church, corner Tenth
and Howard streets, , where a solemn « re-
quiem, high mass -will- be celebrated for th*
repose. of her soul, commencing at- 10 o'clock.
Interment private, Holy ' Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.' '" .» ' ; . ; - ; '
WARD— In this city, June 13.' 1901, Michael
Ward, beloved brother, of Patrick and the
late John Ward, a native - of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 66 years. (Melbourne, Mass.,
papers please copy.) ' - - .- : ¦ •
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 315 Flfteenth'avenue, thence to Star
of the Sea Church, where a solemn 'requiem
mass will be celebrated for." the repose, of
hiB soul. "Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery,
by carriage. ... . •• -.- • -• ••
WHITE— In this- city; -Jane- •'M.-'MOl, Fenton,
beloved.' husband -of Catherine White, and
father ¦¦ of George/Edward, John and Fenton
White Jr. and Mrs. James Burke, a native
of Queens County, Ireland, aged 67 years.
lETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at a o'clock, from his late resl-
i dence, 250 Ivy avenue,' thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral. • where a' solemn requiem mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at i 9:30 o'clock. '• Interment-
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ' - * ' -•
WILLIAMS— In this city. June 13, 1901. Hazel
. Williams, dearly beloved daughter of David
and Maggie Williams, a native of San Fran-
cisco, .aged 9 years 9 months and 14 days.''
WINTER— In this city. : June 13, 1901; Kath-
erlne, beloved wife of the late Moritz Win-
ter, and mother of Moritz. Henry and Bern-
hard Winter and Mrs. Ellse Llndenau. a na-
tive of Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged 73
years 8 months and 6 days. ¦• '
BAILWAT TBAVEL.MRS. A. SORENSEN OF MODESTO,
WHO WILL. BECOME CHIEF OF THE
LADY DRUIDS.
, On receipt of "$1 we will. send, securely
sealed, a ; beautifully bound book of 400
pages*>full of good: things. . . Every, sport
should 1 have -one. -.The most wonderful
book .ever written. -French arid English
translation. 1-rohibited in many countries.
Write at once. P.O. box 2427 San Francisco*
Yosemite Valley, via Santa Fe.
The Santa' Fe Is now carrying passen
gers via new stage line from Merced.
Starting Mondays and Thursdays, 9 a. m.,
on California -limited, other . days 7:20
a. re. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
tel next afternoon, .passing Merced -Big
Trees, Buena Vista, the ¦ Cascades anct
Bridal Veil Falls en route.
Ask about it at 611 Market street. « •
PLAYING WITH MATCHES
CAUSES CHILD'S DEATH
Mary Fitzpatrick^" Receives Fatal
Burns and Mother, Injured in \
. Trying to Save Her.
Mary. Fltzpatrlck. the four-year-old
child of William Fitzpatrick, a street car
conductor, received fatal injuries yester
day afternoon as the result of playing
with matches In the yard of her father' 3
residence, 54 Valley street. ; ,
The little girl secured a boz of matches
and amused herself by lighting them. A
pile of oil saturated rags was thus set
on fire and. the flames spread to the child's
clothing. - The screams, of the little girl
brought - her mother to the spot, ana in,
tryingto put out the flames Mrs/ Fitz
patrick was severely burned on the hands
and arms. : Dr. Hughes was oalled in to
attend the unfortunate child, and she was
removed ; to St. Luke's Hospital, where
siiG died- 1 last evenine. .- ~ .- _
OHIO SOCIETY LOSES
MEMBER IN LYNCHING
Resolution Passed .Condemning^ in
Strong Terms Outrage Committed
' . by Modoc County Mob.
The Ohio Society passed the following
resolution at its meeting Wednesday
nieht:
Whereas, We learn thruogh the public press
that a native of Ohio, named Calvin Hall, en
rolled in our recent roster as a resident , of
Lookout, Modoc County, was hanged by. a mob
on May 31, 1901; therefore, be it
ResSlved, That ? we i condemn the :¦ cowardly
miscreants who perpetrated this dastardly deed,
•nd that we call upon all Ohloans and other
law-abiding citizens of i Mcdoc County to lend
ahand to the State and county authorities in
ferreting out .the murderers and to assist in
bringing them to Justice.'. ~i ¦ ¦'¦ ,~,
PILOT JORDAN SUED
FOR A LARGE SUM
Sixty-Five Thousand Dollars Asked
for the Death of Two of
Rio's Crew. x . .
Catherine Brady, widow of Second As
sistant Engineer Thomas H. Brady, who
was drowned on the occasion of the wreck
of the Rio de Janeiro on the 22d of last
February, filed suit In the United States
District Court yesterday against Freder
ick. W. Jordan and nineteen other pilots
to recover $15,000 damages for the loss of
her husband. .
The complaint alleges that the wreck of
the Rio was caused by the. negligence and
unskillfulness of Pilot Jordan, who was
in i exclusive command of the vessel at
the time she struck. , Her four children
are parties plaintiff to the suit.
A similar suit for $50,000 damages for
the death of Water Tender J. H. Smith
was filed against the same defendants by
the family of the dead man. It is alleged
that all the defendants are partners.
COUNTEKFEIT DIE IS
RENDERED HARMLESS
George T. McDonnell's Counsel Ar
gues That tho Government Failed
' . to Present a Case.
George T. McDonnell was placed on
trial yesterday in the United. States Did
trlct Court before Judge do Huven and a
Jury. Duncan K. McKlnlay. Assistant
United States District Attorney, appeared
for the Government and Bert Schlesinger
for the defendant.
The testimony was to tho effect that
McDonnell. Chimes Koenlg and Dewltt
E. Young procured to be made a steel die
for the coining of one-dollar pieces. The
impression, however, did not seem to be
a success, for it was filed off before any
money was stamped and the die remained
blank. Mr. Schlesinger argued that ths
die being blank there was no case against
his client. Mr. McKinlay tookithe ground
that a complete die had been made and
that the offense for which McDonnell had
been Indicted had been committed, and
that the subsequent erasure by filing did
not relieve the offender of culpability.
The case will be given to the Jury this
morning.
The preliminary examination of Charles
Kewitz. charged with making a die for
counterfeiting money, was held yesterday
before United States Court Commissioner
Heacock. Thomas D. Riordan, counsel for
the defendant, raised tho point that as
only half a die was found by the officers
Kewitz had not committed the offense of
making a. die. This case went over until
to-day to allow Mr. Riordan an opportu
nity of producing authorities.
President Charles M. Hays of the
Southern Pacific and General Manager
Kruttschnitt are racing to New York.
Why they are in such a hurry to reach
the Eastern metropolis is a question as
yet unsolved by those in the yellow build
ing. . "
When they left here on Monday even
ing Hays and Kruttschnitt each had his
private car attached to the train. It was
first planed that Kruttschnitt should
travel only as far as Ogden and then re
turn to San Francisco, inspecting the road
on his way. The plans were changed,
however, and when the special arrived at
Ogden Kruttschnitt's car was uncoupled
from the train and was sent back to this
city, while the general manager boarded
the president's car and, sped on eastward.
' The special is rushing forward at top
speed, which causes old railroad men to
shake their heads and mutter, "There Is
something in, the wind."' Hays and
Kruttschnitt will hold a conference with
President Bert of the Union Pacific at
Omaha and will then journey on to New
York. . • . ,
: A prominent railroad official, in speak
ing , of Hays' trip East, said yesterday
that on the return of the railroad presi
dent to this city there will be some big
changes in the Southern Pacific. He re
marked: ¦ .
"I feel positive that the trip East is for
a conference between Hays and.Harrlman
in • reference • to • curtailing expenses.-: -I
think that a closer consolidation will 1 be
made between the Union and Southern
Pacific^.roads. Take, for Instance the
land departments of the Southern Pacific
and 'Union Pacific. I would not- be the
least surprised to hear that the two offices
will be consolidated at once and the head
quarters-moved to Omaha, with a small
branch - maintained here." • .'
J. C. Stubbs is still in New Tork and
there has been no indication of his re
turn to San Francisco. It is more than
possible that he will await the coming: of
Hays. *
. H. E. Fitzhugh has taken up his duties
as assistant to President Hays. He has
not been allotted an office in the railroad
building, but; his letters are delivered on
the executive floor, all his official letters
being addressed. "H. B. Fitzhusrh, Assist
ant to the President of the Southern Pa
cific." . .
. . -i.. •— •
RAILWAY PRESIDENTS
;. MEET' IN" CONFERENCE
Hays, Hughitt and Burt at Omaha
Discuss Traffic Arrange
ments.
OMAHA.- June .13.— President C. M.
Hays , of . the Southern j Pacific, President
Marvin Hughltt - of the "Chicago 'and
Northwestern and President Horace G.
Burt of the Union Pacific and the general
managers of these roads held a conference
at the office of President Burt. to-day and
left this afternoon for Chicago. None of
the officials ; would give . out any state
ment, but it is learned that the confer
ence had to do with traffic arrangements
of the. three systems. '
Julius Kruttschnitt Ac
companies His Chief
on the Trip.
HAYS HURRYING
TO NEW YORK
A notice which was served on Auditor
"Wells yesterday by the attorneys of the
First. National Bank and John W. Mack
ay will result in tying up indefinitely the
surplus fund of the present year, which
has been apportioned b'y the Supervisors
to pay _ back claims of merchants, and
teachers against tho city. Tho notice is
in effect n protest against the proposed
intention to pny other creditors, whereas
no provision has been made in tho budget
to liquidate tho clnlms of the two protest
ants named, which claims have boon put
in final judgment.
The nmoiint? involved include a Judg
ment for $10,488 09 ngnlnat the city for
taxes paid under protest and since ad
judged to be Illegal, and three more Judg
ment claims of tho same character hold
by J. W.'i Mackay for, respectively,
$1284 84, $19,063 Co and $15,138 44. The notices
served on the Auditor are four in num
btr, one of which ls as follows: ,
We herewith present to you a transcript of
the docket of the final judgment given and
made by the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco on the 11th day of
August, 1900, In the action then pending in said
court, numbered 54,339, and wherein John W.
Mackey et al., trustees, etc., were plaintiffs,
and the city and county of San Francisco was
defendant. •
And we hereby notify you that the principal
amount- of said judgment bears interest at the
rate of 7 per cent per annum from the date of
rendition until paid; and. we hereby demand
and require of you the allowance and payment
of the amount of Bald Jud&ment and interest'
thereon out of the "surplus fund" in the treas
ury of the city and county of San Francisco
for the fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1901; and you
are notified, requested and required to retain
at all times and until such allowance and pay
ment a sufficient amount of the moneys coming
and to come into said '"surplus fund" to pay
the said Judgment and the interest thereon as
aforesaid. - ' \ - .. ¦ . ¦ .. ¦¦
Concerning the protests Auditor Wells
says that although the charater. specific
ally provides that final judgments .shall
be paid out of the surplus fund he will
decline to pay the judgments of the two
Protestants unless directed to. do -so. by.
the Board of ; Supervisors or by an- order
of court. The budget is now. in the hands
of the Mayor, who has informed the at
torneys for Mackay and the bank that no
provision has been made for. their pay
ment. The budget will not be -finally
adopted • until the last' Monday in June,
and If the Supervisors refuse to provide
relief in the premises the attorneys will
immediately secure a restraining order on
the Auditor. . -, ...
Excluded Creditors File
Protests With the '
Auditor.
THE Grand Circle of the Druld
esses, U. A. O. D. of California,
will hold its annual session in the
Sutter-street Druids' Temple on
Tuesday next. The authority to
institute the Grand Circle, the ladies'
branch of the United Ancient Order ,of
Druids, -vfas obtained last- year through
the efforts of Supreme Representative
WILL TIE UP
SURPLUS FUND
James F. MartinonI from the Supreme
Grove of the United States and was the
first charter issued to institute such a
body. The Grand Circle was organized
a few months ago and there are now nine
circles that owe allegiance to it. Three
more are ready to come in.
The present grand arch druidess, Mrs.
Thornhill, will retire from office and she
will be followed by Mrs. A. Sorensen of
Mistletoe Circle. Modesto, who will be
elected to the highest office for the term
of one year. .Miss Bessie Fabb-ri of El
Dorado Circle of this city, the grand sec
retary, will be a candidate for re-election,
and 'as her-.work : for the order and the
Grand' Circle 'has been satisfactory, it is
probable that- she will be continued in of
fice. There will be quite a number of
candidates for the other offices, but as
the members of the grand body are quite
new at the business of Grand Circle work
they have not yet made their selections
for the other positions.
Much work will be necessary during the
coming-year in the line of official visita
tions, arranging: for the establishment of
new circles; and their Institution and also
in the installation of new officers.
Army officers stationed in this city were
unanimous in expressing their indignation
yesterday of the alleged "army frauds"
developed by a "yellow" morning paper,
aided by an equally saffron-hued evening
contemporary.
Investigations made yesterday show
that in the entire city a little more than
$400 worth of soldiers' clothing and sup
pliea had been found in the second-hand
stores and pawn shops. Army officers are
of opinion that possibly a similar amount
of army clothing might have been hidden
away by some of the dealers, who became
alarmed at the fear of prosecution at the
hands of the Government.
In the last three years more than 75,000
soldiers have passed through this city,
either going to or returning from the
Philippines, and it has not been an un
common thing for the soldiers to sell or
pawn portions of their equipment.
, A number of pawnbrokers were prose
cuted at the outbreak of the war for hav
ing soldiers' clothing in their possession
and the recent presence of thousands of
fighting men led to a renewal of the
licit traffic in Uncle Sam's property.
• Will Prosecute Dealers.
The fact that army shoes were adver
tised for sale by second-hand dealers In
this city led to a request being- made by
Inspector General Maus of General Shat
ter's staff that the United States District
Attorney, Marshall B. Woodworth, prose
cute the principal dealers in the goods.
,.The sensational morning newspaper that
published the story of "big army frauds"
was engaged at the same time in looking
for opium smokers in a low resort of the
city and evidently indulged in a "pipe
dream" at the expense of the reputation
oj the nation's gallant army.
After a search of all the second-hand
stores and pawnshops in the city, the In
spector general, aided by city detectives,
"rounded up" a quantity of Government
property and placed it In a warehouse.
The "yellow" papers, dazzled by the
prospect of securing for once a genuine
item of news, lost, their senses and dis
covered a "warehouse filled with stolen
clothing belonging to the army.".
The number of soldiers who have In the
last three years sold some of the cloth
ing Issued to them by the Government, as
compared to the total of the number quar
tered in San Francisco, is so small that It
would require decimal fractions to express
the percentage. - ¦>
The "round-up" of Uncle Sam's prop
erty in the second-hand stores and pawn
shops this week shows that eleven
blankets were found, together with five
leggings, one blouse, forty-eight blue
flannel shirts, two gauntlets, seventy
eight pairs of black shoes and fifty-three
pairs of tan shoes.
Army Officers Indignant.
General Shatter was indignant yester
day on reading certain published state
ments reflecting on the honor of the of
ficers of the army in the Department of
California and his views were shared by
every -member of his staff.
Lieutenant Colonel M. P. Maus, Inspect
or general of the department, was em
phatic in denouncing the yellow publica
tions as an outrage.
Accused Dealers Silent.
"No charges have been filed against any
one in the army," he said, "and none will
be. No frauds have been committed, and
it is outrageous that the honor of the
army should be so grossly attacked.
Statements like those published will hurt
the city also. We knew that certain deal
ers were advertising Government clothing
and sought to bring the parties to justice.
No one in the army was accused, and we
did not know how these dealers came into
possession of the goods. We assumed that
the property had been sold by- some of
the soldiers while quartered In this city.
The traffic In clothing is Injurious to the
health and morale of the army, and it
will have to stop. From now on regular
search will be made for pawned clothing
belonging to the Government and it will
bo seized. This will serve to prevent the
dealers and pawnbrokers from doing busi
ness with the soldiers. Men have been
known to sell their supplies a few days
after receiving the same, and we could
not send the men "to the Philippines un
equipped. We had to replace the articles
they disposed of previous to their sailing
from this port."
Lipman Abrams and his son, George
Abrams, who were arrested on Tuesday
night for having soldiers' clothing and
supplies in their possession, were ques
tioned yesterday by the United States
District Attorney. The arrested men re
fused to give the names of the soldiers
from whom they had bought the goods
or give any Information In the matter
untll> they had consulted an attorney. Ike
Abrams is still at large and the police are
searching for htm. The bail of the ac
cused men has been fixed at $5000.
Captain A. W. Klmball, post quarter
master at the Presidio, denounced the
story of frauds In his department as a
pure fabrication. He stated that there
was no Irregularity in his department and
that a careful system of checking sup
plies prevented anything of the kind.
"The goods found in the pawnshops,"
said Captain Kimball, "were sold by dis
charged soldiers. AH clothing issued to
troops at the Presidio was from this of
fice. I have receipts of various officers
for clothing Issued to their regiments on
requisition, and these receipts, with the
balance of clothing on hand, tallies with
the amount received from. the depot quar
termaster." - : .
Colonel Rawles. commandant at the
Presidio/ characterized the stories of
army frauds as "perfect -rot." The of
ficer stated that it was well known that
the soldiers sold their clothing, and that
when evidence was secured steps had al
ways been taken to punish the seller and
the purchaser.
Colonel W. M. Wallace of the Fifteenth
Cavalry, stationed at the* Presidio, stated
that the stories of fraud were, absurd
He ridiculed the statements that gTeat
quantities of soldiers' clothing had been
purchased by secord-hand dealers.
Many officers at the Presidio and those
on duty ac army headquarters In the Phe
lan building also expressed themselves In
positive terms to the effect that the al
leged "army frauds" existed only in the
columns of sensational papers.
James K. Ross, an attorney of the local
bar, will be cited this morning by Judge
Kerrigan to appear and show cause why
he should not be punished for contempt of
court for having placed In' the hands of
his client, Thomas F. Kollman, what pur
ported to be a copy of a decree of'divlrce,
under the provisions of which Kollman
believed he was a "widower." Kollman.
was cited on the 11th inst, to appear this
morning before Judge Kerrigan and show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt of court for failing to pay At
torney O. C. Pratt, who represents Mrs.
Kollman, counsel fees in the sum of $50
to enable Mrs. Kollman to prosecute her
cross complaint in the suit instituted by
"her husband.
Kollman's idea of a cross-complaint in
the case was hazy, and as he believed that
he had secured a decree of divorce and
had therefore divested his wife of the
right to "prosecute" he instituted an in
vestigation. The records in the office of
the County Clerk showed that no decree
had been issued in his case and that, fur
thermore, his default had been entered
to the cross-complaint tiled by his wife,
which bars him irom making further de
fense to her action.
The result was that Kollman plac'ed the
copy of the alleged decree of divorce pur
porting to free him from his wife in the
hands of Judge Kerrigan. The order di
recting him to' appear and show cause
why he should not be punished for con
tempt was also placed in the hands of the
court, together with a remarkable agree
ment that bears the signature of his at
torney, Ross. This agreement reads:
SAN FRANCISCO, April 23, 1901.
I hereby guarantee that on payment of the
full sum of $100 I will procure a divorce
for Thomas V. K/llman, and that there will be
no more trouble or no more money demanded
by me; that same shall be in full of all de
mands. JAS=. K. ROSS.
Acting upon these papers Judge Kerri
gan will call upon Ross to appear and
make his defense.
Regarding, the manner in which he had
been deceived, Kollman, who conducts a
barber shop on Pacific street, near Hyde,
said:
"I brought suit against my wife last
April, in which 1 asked for a decree of
divorpe on the grounds of cruelty and de
sertion. My attorney entered into the
agreement which is in the possession of
Judge Kerrigan and I paid him part of
the sum on account. 'The case was called
for hearing and I testified as to my wife's
desertion and cruel treatment of me. A
few days after the case was tried Attor
ney Ross called upon me to pay. the bal
ance due him and said that upon such
payment I would get my decree.
• "I got my mother to advance me the
money and I paid the balance, for which
I- hold a receipt, and Attorney Ross gave
me a copy of the decree, which he said
had been issued in my favor, at the same
time saying. 'Now you are a widower.'
"I believed that I was divorced until a
few days ago, when I was served with the
copy of this order to show cause why I
should not be punished for contempt of
court. I went to see my lawyer. He said
that he had done all he had agreed to do
for me and refused to have anything fur
ther to do with the case. I was informed,
however, that if I would pay Attorney
Pratt, who represents my ¦wife. Mrs. Mary
A. Kollman, the sum of $35 I would
not be bothered any more.
"Then I went again to see Attorney
Ross,, but he refused to do anything for
me. Attorney Pratt's clerk came often to
my house and said that if I did not 'put
up' I would be'sent to jail. I would do
anything in reason, but I have no money.
My shop is n one-chair shop and I only
make $6 or $7 a week. My mother has
also given me the money to pay Ross
with, find I do not care to get more from
her, as she is old and feeble and needs all
she has."
Judge Kerrigan's examination of Attor
ney lloss will only go Into his act in sup
plying Kollman with the fictitious "copy"
of a decree of divorce. It is doubtful'if
the court has the authority to question
the contract bearing Ross" signature,
though in tho agreement Ross binds him
self for a consideration to secure a de
cree which he did not secure and which
Judpe Kerrigan says was not issued be
cause the proofs were" insufficient. .
In the Divorce Court.
Lulu Thoerner has sued Louis Thoerner
for a divorce, alleging desertion as oaus.j
of action.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to "William SpIesS/from Mary Jano
Spless for cruelty, Laura F. Cook from
Edward A. Cook for failure to provide.
Catherine Fasen from Osmond R. Fasen
for Intemperance and Katherlna K. P
Behrsinjr from Edward Behrslng for de
sertion.
Leads Thomas F. Kollman to
Believe He Is "Grass"
Widower.
Attorney Ross Will Be
Cited for Contempt
- of Court.
GIVES A CLIENT
DIVORCE DECREE
MRS. A. SORENSEN OF MODESTO
TO BE GRAND ARCH DRUIDESS
Session of the First Instituted Grand Circle
• of the United Ancient Order of Druids Is
; to Be Held in This City Next Week
ARMY FRAUDS
DO NOT EXIST
Absurd Charges of Theft
Made by Yellow
Newspapers.
Soldiers' Clothing Sold in
Pawnshops Is Worth
Only $400.
THE SAN FRAlS[GIS(id CALL, FRIDAY, JXHSTE 14, 1901.'
FACTS AND FIGURES
TELL THE STORY
Goods Recovered— ¦ Value.
11 Blankets $ SO OO
1 Blouse 3 SO
5 Lesrslnffs 2 50
48 Bine shirts SO OO
2 Gauntlets ....... 1 BO
78 Pairs shoes, black . . 17O OO
53 Pairs shoes, tan .... lOtt OO
Total ?4Ol GO
12
Opposite Union Square.
®V1M. VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have been la use over fifty
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon- Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure th»
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking:. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotcncy. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back.* Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, mmm j-\ Varicocele or Con*
stlpatlon. Stop Na *5 Mm rvoua Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects T^.^ZT~ are Immediate.
Impart vigor and c ' E ™*^ potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure ls at
hand. Restore email, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 80c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded •with 8 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address .BISHOP BEMEDT CO..
49 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal. GRANT
DRUO CO.. 33 and 40 Third at.
DR. JORDAN'S crut
OF ANATOMY
V Gfr 1551 HASSSTsr. tit. 6A*T"Jli.5.?.C»!.
\ it*' The L»TK«tAiutomi«»IMui«uailn the
0 jpartta, World. Weaknesses or any eontneted
L SSJPW d!Set « po«IU*^ly cored W |h- a\deu
W /£JQ| Specialist on th« Coasc Est. 36 years.
1 fl^ffl D^- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ f ViSffl Con«ultatlon fr fe ,nd strictly r ri»»te.
0 J JwVfl T '» 1 "n;nt personally or bv letter. A
\ I a Ti H ***"** Cwrt in trtr T Ms « andenaken.
Arli HA Wr *t* far Book. pniLeiorw •#
\ a 1^ mau«ia«sj. mailed Mas. (a
1 /J (J. valuable book for mrn) I
r DSL. JOBDAN A CO.. 10S1 Market Ht..S.F.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDIC/V't
DISCOVER?
FOR THE
Ba_OOD.LIVEtR.MJIVGS.
P. ROSCOE JTcXlTliTY, 31. D.
2€ J-i Kearoy St~ San Francisco. CsJ-
DR.MCNULTY.
I^HISWKLL-KWBTN" AND RELIABLE OLD
. SpedallstcwMBlood Potaon.GonorrhcBH.OIeet.
Strictnre, S?mlual Weatness.Impotpnc*' and tbeir
allied Disorders. .Hook on Diseases o» Meij, free.
OT«>r20years'«»xpereiice.Term^ reasonable. Hours,
!>to3c!ailT;8:30to3.30«V£s. Sandys. 10 to 13. Cmwul-
tationfreeand sacredly confidential. Call oc addresa
D"OTTiCUl7C F0R BARBERS. BAK-
rSr\U UilLO e «. bootblacks, bath-
**** Y **** houses, billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen.' tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS. .
Brush Manufacturers! 609 Sacramento St
-Verus cures piles, or |30' reward.^ For
Bale by all druggists. . - &$.•$
jt^g^DEWEY.STRONB ficCtyggfr
K t %
tra&fcs£
Announcement
tto the t
Public
f:(\-WT3ra TO THB TA-
vf Tonbls criticism and
masy Inquiries recel-red by
us from tho iledlcal Pro>
feaoion and others Interested r«sardln(r our
statement that tho so-called Weakness of Mea
ts not a weakness bat symptoms of Inflam-
mation of tha Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
der), caused by contracted disorders and «arly
dissipation, and that Loo» of Vitality. Prema-
turenMS, etc. ar» Invariably cured by pro-
cedures directed toward correcting this Inflam-
mation, we wish to state to these many In-
quiries. In the columns of the press, that It
take* approximately ten weeks to cura thes*
disorders of tb« male. Ths treatment la en-
tirely a local one. as no drurrtnr the stomach
ls necessary, and that the patient may treat
hlmselt at home, under our directions. We will
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. Tha colored chart
of the organs, which we send fre« on applica-
tion to any on* Interested In the subject" will
be found a treat advantage In VHome Diag-
nosis." as well as a study for all Interested la
their anatomy. Very reepectfully,
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
ANOTHER SNAP :yf^~~^%
Is that Royal Blue Serge Suit / I &£* r^j \w /^\
of ours. Most every mother [if a. JrU-J
knows of the Royal Blu e Serge, piy /&$*§& Vltw : -^''«^w
one of the swellest fabrics, one rf /,xt f > Klf^^
cf the most reliable fabrics ij!|\/S^ • w! «^»1»
made; hclds its color till the vYw$: ! .W
end of tim? ; and the way we '^vll^nOTll [*^S
bui : d it, fust as you sse in pic- l^^p! : (i|wl /
ture opposite — the coat like 'tyyw ¦\/'/lMpll) •
rapa's, the vest like papa's, X^^Ltifeb^ \
and tailored in a faultless W3|gM Sf^^^^f
fashion. Were we to tax you ,3iJi l ~ia 1hJ^1!Il/
$7.50 for this suit you would B
never hesitate paying it. For JjffiSk H ft ijjM .
chaps between the ages of 9 <^^-M 4lwPifea>
One of the Friday snaps at
FRIDAY'S SNAPS
j Were we to tax you $5.00
for the suit you see pictured
opposite you would pay it
J§§£ rffiggt : j& This suit is made from those
>^^^gg;i|^^ fine all-woo! Scotches, in all
the swellest and newest spring
/^^^^S^35^^^ f 'L effects, for chaps bztw^en the
/^^^^S^i^SnMi'i^'&S a S es of 7 and 15 years; the
I iSE S+SSffiffiF 1 ' Ifl'l feW COat 1S w broad
r^^^§Sl military shoulder, which is the
&^V3j|li' ilr'iW^I^ swc^ instead ol the droop
fe^^^^5 |ffig^.O^ should :r, as most coats ars
P^Bi^^^i' made. The broad military
\ i?^»^^i^^^-? shoulder builds your little chap
Jr^^^BPf !Kti lii'il cut anc * is P ositive ty ths swell
id2a - Then add to that the
Mp^k y^rj W^Sl ver y swellest . of all-wool
tj W '» ** kk r * cs — and can y° u as k for
r liV anything better?
i^§s^gj N =^^^^^^^ New, then, the Friday's
Bmv* £&^ 1q? snap price for these suits that
•-¦ are worth $5.00* will hi
VACATION J Some t0 sta y intown^
? /A V>/A B : I Vf I . some tQ the seashore, some
to camp — no matter where your little chap is
going — we've the right things for Vacation
period or any period.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
COLDS
I regard my COLD CURE as more
valuable than a life insurance policy.
It not only cures colds in the head,
colds In the lungs, colds ifi the bones,
but it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption.— flUNYON.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails to relieva
in one to three hours, and cures in a few days.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positiTely cures ail
forms of indif estion and stomach trouble.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs, night sweats,
allays soreness and speedily neals the lungs.
Munyon's Kidney Cure quickly cures pains in tho
back, loins or groins, and all fonnsof kidney disease.
I Munyon's Vicalizerrestoreslostpowersto weak men.
Y All the cures are 35 cents, at any drag store.
Munyon's Guide to Health should be in the
kands of every mother. ¦ It will help them to knro
the symptoms of every disease and tell them tha
ptoper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Muayon, New York and Philadelphia. j
' BtrNTOyS IMIAXEr. CUBE? C1TASBH. 1
/^t50*\ I
i liiiilii
I Imitation j g ft 8
a m a h ogany n- I ll
R o ma n U T If
I chair of ¦ H^Si
9 graceful .1 T *
§ design, up- T
5 holstered with silk tapestry
I $3.50
H Get an estimate from us on
I everything required to furnish
9 your entire establishment.
g Credit and free delivery within
B ioo miles. We close at six.
IT. Brilliant
1 FURNITURE CO.,
6 338-342 POST STREET,
§| Opposite Union Square.
mmamm
; - • ThC PI>eUy SUh y ° U SeC PlC "
W't^^^ffiSk f*$ tured °PP° site in a J l the latest
tv '^R^^^^'^i / effects, greenish mixtures
¦liW^^^0^f ' Which ar2 SO SW ' 11 thiS SCa "
li^^^^^^^CT^ /y scn » blues, fancy Scotches, to
W^N-Si^f *m c^ a P s b^weenthe ages
iwr If - W' ¦ J*w?r of 3 and 9 ycars * ™ dlt therc
\lll» M fll /^tr are man y °* cm at wou^
iPwB W / big snaps at $3.50.
R / One of the Friday snaps at
$1.50
. *— — ! 1
OUTING HATS OF ALL Some Remarkable Specials in
DESCRIPTIONS FOR Wash Fabric Sailor Saits
LITTLE CHAPS. * for Little Chaps.
If you want to keep in touch with the swell fashions
send for our Summer Catalogue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.