B&^WE^^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Tragedian Engages an Attorney to File the Necessary
Papers, Complaining His'' Parthenia" Has
Deserted Him.
DOWNING SEEKS TO LEGALLY
SUNDER HIS HYMENEAL BOND
WITH PRETTY EUGENIA BLAIR
ZANESVILLE, Ohio," 'Aug. ¦¦ . 27.— Rev.
Samuel G. Bettes, a temperance lecturer
claiming to be from Morganstown, ' W. ,
Va., was mobbed .by 500 .men and boys
to-night while speaking in \ front j of the
courthouse. He made 1 personal attacks
on several Zanesville saloonists. ' .
Temperance Lecturer Mobbed.
Fierce Fire Is Raging. ' ¦¦¦.£
SHREVEPORT. La.. Aus- 28.—Tele
phone reports received by .. the Times
from Monroe, La., early this morning are
to the effect that a fierce* fire is burning
in the heart cf that city. Several build
ings have been burned at this hour (2
a. m.), and an entire square of. bull'd
liuis is threatened.
SAN JOSE, Aug.. 27.— The California
Packers* Company this afternoon served
formal notice on the California Cured
Fruit Association, rescinding in part , the
contract existing between them In part
that Is, the packers refuse to handle ¦ any
fruit of this year's crop. : "-'
Packers Rescind Contract.
I LONDON.: Aug. 27.-Lady Smith. • wife
of, Sir/Archibald Lewin'.Smith.i-MastWr of
the • Roll /since .• 1900, was f ounu v dead to
day..floating'*In:tne Rive? Spey! It Is 'not
known ' how " sh« "was drowned.'
'Lady Smith Is Drowned:
/.FORT,; SMITH, 15 Ark.. Aug. 27.-A' mob
.surrounded the County Jail here to-night
seeking -to lynch Louis Smith, = who was
saved. from, the .fury , of a, mob .last night
•by 'the father, of seven-year-old- Lucy
Watson, '.whom, it is charged. Smith •:as
saulted. - The ' Sheriff took- the ! negro to
Little Rock', this afternoon, but the ; mob
refused ; to disperse, believing that Smith
was still in ' the* Fort Smith Jail. <"
Mob Surrounds a Jail.
r It : is possible that ¦ some ' other ' collieries
in South Wales will enter the combination,
with a .view to economy in working, in or r
dertb meet American comDetltlon. ; r . \
; LONDON, Augl\ 28.— It is reported that
an important Welsh coal arid iron com
bine is imminent,* involving the amalga
mation ' of the | Crashay Bros, of Merthyr
with Guest, Koen r & Co. • of < Dowlais and
Cardiff. ; Both concerns have very exten
sive steel' works,' employing the Bessemer
and Siemans processes, and collieries with
an agregate capital 'of ; several '. million
sterling." The "directors of the concern in-,
elude Windsor Richards, who recently
visited the United States,. and who Is ; now
conferring as to the terms. of the' amalga
mation. -./ '¦ :; .. '.' *:; ; ; :.¦/'¦¦., ''.'!/.\' :
Fear, of American Competition Starts
a Movement Toward Coxn
. bination of ; Finns.
COAL MEN IN WALES
WILL FORM A TRUST
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Acting Adjut
ant General , Ward has received a. cable
gram from General Chaffee at Manila,
saying that the transport Grant sailed
on the 23th inst.. for San Francisco with
Troop B, Fourth Cavalry, and the Twelfth
and Thirteenth Batteries of Field Artil
lery.'
Cavalry Men on the Grant.
."An, edict concerning the importation of
arms j was circulated among the Ministers
to-day.,'. Two other edicts are still re
quired to complete the protocol."
'LONDON, Aug. 28.— "Li . Hung Chang
has ; notified the Ministers of ' the ". powers
that, the Chinese plenipotentiaries are now
authorized to sign . the protocol, "/says a
dispatch to the Times from Peking, dated
yesterday! "and has requested them to fix
a date 'for the signing. ¦ ¦ , , ' "
Li Hung Chang Notifies Representa
tives of the Powers and Wants
- Date Fixed.
CHINA NOW • WILLING : }
> TO SIGN' THE PROTOCOL
RED LODGE, Mont., Aug. 27.— John An
drews was Instantly killed by John Rog
ers, who mistook him for a bear and sent
a bullet through his heart at short range.
The men were with a party enjoying an
outing at the Lewis ranch. Andrews was
a well-known citizen of Carbon County
and served as postmaster at Red Lodge
under the Cleveland administration.
Friend Thought He Was a Bear.
The Golden State has become famous,
or rather has added to its fame for open
hearted cordiality and originality, of en
tertainment, so that the functions of both
Thursday evening Golden Gate Com
mandery will hold open house in the Gait
House headquarters, the finest rooms in
the city. Calif ornia ¦ Commandery, also
In the Gait House, was the host of several,
thousand visitors to-night.
Tornight the Golden Gate Drill Corps ap
peared in new drill uniforms, ready for
the contest to-morrow. A desperate ef
fort will be made to carry off the first
prize, though there are stiff competitors,
such as St. Bernard of Chicago, which is
apparently drilled to perfection. Califor
nia Commandery is sure to win first prize
for the best mounted ¦ corps.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 27.— All day and
night mujslc, flags and light have trans
formed this old Kentucky city Into a car
nival scene. The great parade of Knights
Templars was the event of the day. To
night receptions were held In a score of
State headquarters and all were crowded.
California was prominent on the honors,
both in the parade and receptions. Golden
Gato Commandery waa especfally noted in
the parade, having the baby bear Zerub
babsl on a platform in the lead. The Sir
Knights composing Golden Gate Com
mandery wear showy capes, which are
a' novelty here. They marched with
fine cadence and won enthusiastic ap
plause all along the four-mile line of
march. California Commandery was bril
liant, as usual. In striking uniforms and
mounted on black chargers, but unfortu
nately it was placed at the very rear of
what seemed to be an interminably long
procession, and the spectators were worn
and tired before the Californians passed.
Great Attention.
San Francisco Commanderies Attract
CALIFORNIA TO THE FRONT.
J. H.jLathrop will be general agent in
St.^ Louis, withv general supervision over
the' Southwest. ; H.W. Nathan "will ;have
entire, charge of ' theV Southeastern \terri
,tory, with -headquarters in- Atlanta,; Ga.
H .' Kaill,"- with the title! of assistant gen
eral r traffic^ and. passenger,, manager, will
have supervision ' over the .Kansas' City
territory, with headquarters in | that -city.
The* Union Pacific agencies in : Sioux City
and St. Paul will be abolished < and the
business transacted . through . the general
offices of the Union Pacific iii Omaha. The
territory'^ east ¦ of Pittsburg • will ' be. under
the jurlsdlction^of; Assistant Traffic Man
azer Hawley In New York.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Traffic 'Director
Stubbs of the Southern Pacific and Union
Pacific railroads announced to-day, the
changes in the general office that will be
effected under the consolidation ; of the
traffic departments of these two lines in
different cities of the country. : The Chi
cago : offices of the two systems will be
consolidated "under W.G.Nelmyer of the
Southern .Pacific. He is made general
agent In Chicago, with general supervision
over the agencies of the two lines in Pitts
burg., Cincinnati and. Detroit. T •" ; v !?¦¦<
Traffic Director of Southern Pacific
and Union Pacific Makes Im
. portant Announcements.'
RAILROAD OFFICIALS : .
CHANGED BY STUBBS
INTEREST will, be awakened through
out the - United States by the news
that. Robert Downing, the tragedian,
has * taken the preliminary steps in
this city , to have - the matrimonial ;
bonds that have bound; him to Eugenia!
Blair severed. ¦ Mr. Downing has engaged
Attorney H. H. Davis. to prepare the nec
essary papers and the machinery of the
law will be used to set; aside the relations
that. have become irksome. , The ground
of the « complaint is desertion on the part
of Mrs, Downing. . As a' matter of . fact
the couple have actually been separated
' for a period of something like two years
Eugenia : Blair was the subject of com
ment/in connection with a leading man
some tlme^ago. It. became well known to
the " dramatic profession} that Robert
Downirig; was not pleased with his wife's
actions, j About a year ago he r came to
California, bringing with him his talented
young*, daughter," Minnie Downing, his
child by. his first wife, who has since been
studying dramatic 'art in this city. \ The
actors and actresses in San Francisco will
not be surprised to hear of Mr. Downing's
decision to have a legal separation. -¦ i !
ct every point in the course when the
Washington men appeared the crowd
took up the cry. "Schley! Schley! Hur
rah for Schley!"
The parade was a magnificent specta
cle of life and color. A detachment of
mounted police led the march. Grand Mar
shal J. H. Leathers and his aids following
Immediately behind. Then came tho
Grand Commandery of Kentucky, acting
as a 6pecial escort to the officers of the
Grand Encampment, who rode in car
riages. When the Grand Master, Reuben
H. Lloyd of California, stepped Into his
carriage every Knight brought his sword
to "salute."
There were twelve divisions in the pro
cession. Th« California Commandery,
with those of Tennessee, Wisconsin, New
Jersey and Georgia, composed the seventh
division, -under the leadership of Grand
Commander George Butterfleld McKee.
In the tenth division, led by J. K. F.
Bteele, grand commander of West Vir
ginia, were the commanderies from Ore
gon, Washington, Montana, Wyoming and
Arizona.
Knights Given City's Key.
When the formal welcome to the
Knights was extended by Judge Barker
of Louisville, acting for Governor Beck
ham, and ex-Congressman W. C F.
Breckinridge, the mention of Schley's
name elicited applause so enthusiastic
that both speakers were compelled to stop
several minutes. •
Colonel Breckinrldge delivered the chief
address at this function. Grand Master
Lloyd responded briefly. The key to the
city ' was. presented to him by Mayor
Weaver.
It was so late when the programme was
concluded that there was little time for
the actual buf-lnees of the grand encamp
ment. The grand recorder. Mayo, discov
ered that there was na quorum present,
spread the fact on the record, and a
recess until 9:30 a. m. to-morrow was then
taken.
Fireworks, excursions on the river and
other diversions occupied the visitors to
night.
> . A large audience was 'entertained to-
, "The Czar and Czarina will leave Sti
Petersburg In the Russian imperial yacht
Standart, escorted by the cruiser Svetland,
. August' 29 for Fredensborg, where they
will meet King Edward. I have learned
also on the best authority that the Czar
is now disposed to intervene with regard
to the Transvaal and that the war will be
discussed with M. Loubet, King Edward
and Emperor William."
LONDON, Aug. 28.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Dally Mail, confirm
ing the report that Emperor Nicholas and
Emperor William will 'meet at Dantzlg
September 10, says:
Bear on the South African
Trouble.
Discussion With King Edward Is to
night at the Horse Show building by a
programme designed to show how the
Southern darky enjoys himself. There
was a camp meeting spectacle, a cake
walk and old time melodies by a chorus
of 200 colored people. . - y
CZAR WILL APPEAL .*
FOB AN END OF WAS
commanderies are eagerly attended by-
Sir Knights and ladies from all parts of
the Union.
The recollection of the conclave In San
Francisco some years ago lingers so
pleasantly in the minds of many com
manderies that a spontaneous effort is
being made to have the next conclave
held there. The Californians, ¦ however,
are not taking any steps in the matter
and will not ask to have San Francisco
considered a candidate. It is likely that
Milwaukee will be chosen.
TWO OF THE DISTINGUISHED SIR
KNIGHTS IN THE GREAT PA
AT LOUISVILLE, KY.
It is asserted by the oil people that this
will prove a serious backset to the oil In
dustry. One of the committee from Beau
mont said that it was not an assured fact
by any means that the Beaumont oil fields
were lasting, and for that reason the out-,
put should not be taxed until further de
veloped.
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 27.— The oil devel
opers of v Texas are confronted: with a
serious predicament in that the Texas
Legislature shows a marked disposition
to tax them 2 per cent on their gross
earnings. A large delegation of oil mag
nates from . Beaumont was before the
House Committee to-day to fight the tax.
but with little success, ts the committee
Is \ almost unanimous in fixing the 2 per
cent tax, and the Legislature, it is said,
will levy It If the opportunity la offered.
Legislature Shows a Disposition to
Demand a Part of the Gross
Earnings.
OIL MEN OF TEXAS '
FEARFUL OF TAXATION
Eugenia Blair has remained In the East
recently, but she Is well known here, as
indeed she is throughput the United States,
she having filled many roles. Perhaps
her best role " is in "East Lynne." The
picture that. is herewith published repre
sents,her as she was- costumed to play In
"A Lady of Quality". In this city. She
formerly had the reputation of being a
beauty. She .was -married to Robert
Downing about twelve years ago. He was
a devoted" husband, and gave her every
.possible advantage for advancement on
the stage. " **
was formally inaugurated on the first day
of May of the present year, and he ha*
since then been zealously, teaching aspir
ants to a theatrical career. *-'.
." It "was Mr. Downing's aim to keep the
fact that he contemplated thl3 move as
secret as 'possible. To a' few friends he
has mentioned .it and his prominence be
fore the public made it certain that th»
' fact would . soon become known. FrVe
j-ears " ago Robert Dawning and Eugenia
Blair "played Insofar and Parthenia to
gether . in this city at the California
. Theater. She also played Neodamia to
I his Nero in "The Gladiator." ' During the
same season Mr. , Downing played with
much | success ¦ "Julius ' Caesar" and
"Othello." • He ha«. easily maintained a
-rank among the leading tragedians of this
country in several roles and his fame has
.extended to European capitals. At varl
.ous times he has been associated with
John McCullough, Edwin Booth. Charlotte
Cushman, . Lawrence Barrett. Charles
Fechter, -Adelaide Nellson and Mary An
derson. During his residence in. this city
'in the last year he has been preparing to
open an institute of dramatic art. which
PROMINENT PEOPLE OF THE
STAGE WHOSE MATRIMONIAL.
TIES ARE GALLING.
PORT. OP SPAIN, Aug. 27.— Arras be
longing to' General . Riera. who is a
Venezuelan refugee In Curacao, have been
found in Coro by the Venezuelan authori
ties, thus frust?atlng the hopes of "an
insurrection In that district. The Orinoco
district • is peaceful, j The German cruiser
Vineta will sail forCarupano to-morrow
morning. • " "
Biera's Arms Seized.
The expense of the revolution has been
enormous. The Government is alleged to
have already spent not less than $120,000,000
in silver to suppress the rebellion, and the
Liberals are said to have spent even a
larger amount, although their volunteers
are supposed to serve solely for patriotism
and to receive no pay. The republic is
involved in a financial slough and wonder
is expressed where the money will come
from for the purchase of a new warship
which is being generally discussed.
' Colombia has been the chief sufferer, as
her revolution has already lasted nearly
two years. It is estimated that from 25,000
to 40,000 lives have already been sacrificed
and the end is rot yet, as the smoldering
embers of revoit are coming into name in
a dozen sections simultaneously, and the
Liberals do not hesitate to announce that
they are preparing to deal a* final blow.
Colombia the Chief Sufferer.
Trouble is Imminent on both the. eastern
and southern boundaries of Colombia.
Troops have been rushed in both direc
tions, and the frontiers of Venezuela and
Ecuador are lined with armed men ready
to advance at a moment's notice. No
secret Is made of the threatening attitude
of the Colombian authorities. They assert
that the revolution here has been enabled
.to continue only -by aid of the Liberal
governments of neighboring Republics,
' and that to insure peace at home it has
become necessary to inaugurat 3 a war of
foreign conquests. It is assumed here
that Ecuador would join with Venezuela
in any movement against Colombia, the
two Liberal governments standing united
against the Conservative element In con
trol here, and making counter charges of
interference with their affairs and ' of
fostering revolutions.
"It Is to aid In the overthrow of Presi
dent Castro," said the informant. "Revo
lution, not war, '.will end his dictatorship.
When his downfall is accomplished a
similar plan will be followed in Nica
ragua."
Invasion of Venezuela.
COLON, ;Aug. 27.— Well- equipped with
arms OanfiMiratnynltion, n. -revolutionary
force of 2000 men has passed on Its way
over the border, from Colombia into Vene?
zuela. From one -dose in -touch ;with tho
Colombian Government The Call ; corres
pondent was informed of Its purpose. :• ]
Additional information is given that
10,000 men under. General Gonzales Velen
cia are guarding the frontier contiguous
to Venezuela.' * The Navy" Department was
notified late this afternoon that the.gun
boat. Ranger had finished- coaling at
Acapulco and had sailed for Panama. The
Iowa ; will ' also ! coal • at ' Acapulco. ' On
account of ? her superior speed . it>is- be
lieved that she will arrive at ; Panama
before the Ranger. -. - ¦, .. , .; '
Guarding the Frontier.
"•Dr. Sflva's mail also Indicates that there
has been an improvement in the situation
In Colombia, giving'* details of the com
plete defeat of a band of 2500 insurgents
under General Marin at the town of Ana
poyma; These insurgents had previously
occupied the; town of-Glradot, on the
Magdalena River, which is' small but Im
portant, being- the" terminus of the rail
road from Bogota. .
CALL BUREAU, ;,1406 G STREET, N.
.W:, WASHINGTON,. Aug. 27. : -Dr. Silva,
Colombian Mlnlster^to-day . received an
official mall from Bogota 'Containing In
formation tending^ to ! confirm recent tele
graphic advice3 . indicating that "danger of
war between Colombia, and Venezuela is
growing less. His letters inform him that
the Colombian Government has received
most positive assurances from, the gov-
ernments of Nicaragua.; and, Ecuador that
in the event of a conflict between Colom
bia and Venezuela they will remain abso
lutely, neutral. : --- ...... ... , •;_'_ "¦¦./.!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New Army of Revolutionists Will At
* tempt to Overthrow the Go v- |
eminent ot President
0 * Castro.
Danger of War Between Ven
ezuela and Colombia
Grows Less.
The crack commanderies from Chicago,
Pittsburg and San Francisco attracted
epecial attention by their magnificent ap
pearance. Columbia Commandery No. 2
of Washington. D. C. came in for wild
applause all along the route, as Sir
Knight Rear Admiral Schley is a member
of It and had been expected to march with
his comrades. Although he was absent.
The weather early was clear and cool,
but by noon the heat became oppreslve,
and there were eleven cases of prostration
due to heat and exhaustion, none of 'which
were serious. A portion of the Y. M. C. A.
reviewing stand at Fourth street and
Broadway collapsed. Half a dozen people
sustained injuries.
Schley's Commandery Cheered.
sand Sir Knights In full uniform
were In line, forming an Imposing- spec
tacle -with which to Inaugurate the twen
ty-eighth triennial conclave. The march
started at 9:40 a. m. and was finished at
10:30 p. m., after covering a distance of
four miles. The course was protected
by wires strung along the sidewalks to
keep spectators in check.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Aug. 27.— It Is
estimated that 300.000 persons to
day -witnessed the parade of the
Knights Templar. Thirty thou-
Nicaragua^ and Ecuador
Not to Interfere in
V Strife.
rhirty Thousand Soldiers of the Temple Form an Im=
posing Spectacle, Inaugurating the Twenty
eighth Triennial Conclave.
NEUTRALITY
ASSURANCES
BY NATIONS
KNIGHTS IN FULL UNIFORM
PARADE THROUGH LOUISVILLE 'S
GORGEOUSLY BEDECKED STREETS
VOLUME XC— NO. 89.
The San Francisco Call.STOCKTON, Aug. 27.— Henry Stone, who
pleaded guilty to several forgeries in this
city, was to-day sentenced td two years
in San Quentin. Stone was brought back
from New Mexico for trial.
Forger Stone Sentenced.
DENVER, Aug. 27.— At the general ses
sion of the American Association for the.
Advancement of Science this morning the
council announced the election of about
100 fellows of the society. These include
devotees of nil branches of science in
many parts of the country, whose efforts
have resulted in an addition to the gen
eral knowledge of the particular subject
of their studies. They include the follow
ing Western members. W. W. Campbell,
director of the Lick Observatory; Dr. E.
M. Blake, mathematician. University of
California; Fernando Sanford, professor
of physics. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
Bity; Stewart W. Toung, professor of
chemistry," Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity; E. E. Slosson, professor of chemis
try, University of Wyoming; Newton B.
Pierce, vegetable pathologist, Santa Rosa.
CsJ. ; Miss Alice Eastwood, botanist, Stan
ford University: Andrew C. Lawson.
geologist. University of California; T. D.
A. Cockerell, entomologist. Las Vegas, N.
Mex.; Vernon Lyman Kellogg, entomolo
gist. Stanford University; William Mor
ton, zoologist. University of Texas.
Tea sections of general association and
affiliated societies on the study, of fores
try, geology, chemistry and botany held
meetings to-day, at which about 120 pa
pers, most of which were purely techni
cal, were read.
ber of Western Professors at
Denver Session.
.American Association Elects a Num-
EOKOB FOB THE MEN .' l\
WHO ADVANCE SCIENCE
Washington-^Charles ¦ X Eddy, Seattle,
fruit gatherer; James A. Elwell,. assignor
one-half to C.\ P.^'Cartwright, Seattle,
piano pedal; -Lake -E. Fugate, e Seattle,
pistol holder: Warren W. Philbrick, Se
attle, matcher head; Samuel M. Trapp,
Seattle, combined ore heating, roasting
and smelting furnace; William W. .Wood,
Tacoma, cutting attachment for veneer
machines. ' , ¦ .
Oregon— IMward " M. Cox,. W. ¦"¦ Reed,.
Portland, adjustable arm for supporting
telephone receivers: . John Hullt, Hood
River, handle-bar." "' .-
The following patents were granted:
California— William H. Alison, San Fran
cisco, piston packing; Thomas J.- Bar
bour, San Francisco, hoist mechanism, for
raine shafts: Howard Carr. assignor to
San Francisco Arms Company, San Fran
cisco, magazine gun; Samuel Ciegler,
combined suspenders, shoulder brace and
'belt; Isaac M. Clark, Lompoc, spraying
trees, etc; William L. Corson, assignor to
Union Gas Engine Company, San Fran
cisco, exhaust mechanism, for explosive
engines; Percie H. Coward, San Francis
co, obtaining salt; William A. Cowley,
Benicia, assignor to Baker & Hamilton,
San Francisco, road cart; Octava- Games.
Wallace, tire setter; ' Hugh L. .'Jordan,
Santa. Paula, hydrant or other water pipe
coupling; William V; Morrow, Los An
geles, assignor one-half to P. Taminelli,
Santa Maria, music-leaf turner; Albert S.
Parsons, Berkeley, motor carriage; John
Richards, . San Francisco, high pressure
rotary "pump. , * :.,- '•
Oregon— Increase: Thomas T. Drennen,
Portland, $S: David Robeson, Colton. $8;
Charles J. Merrill. Dufur. $10.
Washington— Original : George C. Coo
per, Seattle, $6; Charles H. Evans, Ta
coma, $S. Increase: Edson Daly, Battle
Ground, $8.
The following pensions were granted:
California— Original: Enoch > Longress,
Woodland, $6; George R. Blabon, Los Ga
tos, $$. Increase: John Sullivan, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $6: Henry H. Herr,
Riverside, $12; John A. Calfee, Bogus, $10;
Charles H. Thompson, Veterans' Home,
Napa, JS; John Smith, Veterans' Home,
Napa, $12; Thomas Middleton, Rhoner
ville. $12.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Aug. 27.— The
Postofflce Department to-day issued the
following: Postoffice established— Oregon:
Anidem, Linn County, order discontinuing
this office rescinded. Discontinued, Sep
tember 15— Athlene, Merced County, Cali
fornia. Free delivery service established
January 1, Aberdeen, Wash.
and Pensions and Patents
Granted. :
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
OF JiJTKttEST TO PEOPLE v
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
"A convoy on. its way. from Kimberley
to Griauatown was attacked near Rooi
kopje. The attack was driven oft by
Captain Humby's escort of the Seventy
fourth Imperial Yeomanry, who lost nine
men killed and had twenty-three men
¦wounded. The convoy was brought -in
safely. Rawlinson caught eighteen Trans
vaalers after a forty-minute gallop in the
cpen east of Edinburg."
A special from Capetown says: J. X.
Merrfman. the Parliamentary . leader ot
the Afrikanderbund, has been arrested on
a farm near Btellenbosch. He has given
his parole not to leave the farm.
Jferriman recently visited England and
•urged In speeches and interviews a con
ciliation policy toward the Boers. In a
long letter to a friend, treating of martial
law at the Cape, dated at Stellenbosch,
August 6, and published here to-day, Mer- r
riman says: / •
"Public meetings are forxildden by mili
tary force. Quite' recently a member of
Parliament, living fifty miles from Cape
town, who had a few men to see him, was
hauled before a military tribunal. At an
other place a man was reported because
he refused to join the Town Guards. To
crown all, our Parliament, where the
voice of the people should be heard In a
legitimate, responsible fashion, is sus
pended, contrary to law. The administra
tion of the mrhole country Is carried on
by means cf the illegitimate issue of pub
lic money. You gag a man and because
he does not make his voice heard you de
clare he Is contented with .his position."
A Capetown special says: Lord Milner.
the British High Commissioner in South
Africa, arrived here to-day from Eng
land. He met with an enthusiastic re
ception. Replying to an address of wel
come, he said there "was no doubt ¦what
soever of the unshakable determination of
the people and Government of Great Brit
ain to adhere to their South African
policy. „ . -
LONDON, Aug. 27.— Lord Kitchener, in a
dispatch from Pretoria to-day, says:
Lord Milner Arrives at Cape
Town and Is Warmly
Greeted.
Boer3 Attack a Convoy
and Kill and Wound
Britons.
Trilby, Coming Event
and Skirmish Are
Winners.
Crowds Turn Out and
Make Success of v
Fair.
MORE DISASTER
SAYS KITCHENER
TROTTERS AND RUNNERS WIN PRIZES
ON THE RACECOURSE AT WOODLAND
Great Interest Is Dis
played by Agri
•, culturists.
Running Races Fur
nish Interesting
Contests.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 27.— The torpedo
boat destroyer Balnbridgc was launched
co-day at Neafle & Levy's ship yard. The
little war vessel was christened by Miss
Louise Adele Bainbridge-Hoff, ? daughter
of Captain Bainbridge-Hoff and grand
daughter of Commodore Balnbridgc
Torpedo Boat Destroyer Launched.
-.. California.
WASHINGTON.-Aug. 27.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
State— William L. Hunt, New York, Con
sul at Tamatave, Madagascar; John Jen
kins, Nebraska, Consul General at San
Salvador, Salvador; Fred Douglass
Fisher, Oregon, interpreter of the United
State Consulate at Nagasaki, Japan; Al
ien N. Cameron. Kansas, Marshal of the
United States Consular Court at Hankau,
China.
Treasury— Percival C. Rennick, Collector
of Internal Revenue for the Fifth District
of Illinois.
War— First lieutenants in the Artillery
Corps— Philip S. Golden, Solomon Avery
Jr. First lieutenant in the Porto Rico Pro
visional Regiment of Infantry— Charles B.
Kierney.
Justice— L. H. Valentine, -¦ California,
United States Attorney for the Southern
district of California. .
Navy— August C. Steinbrenner. to be a
gunner.
Valentine Is Made Federal Attorney
for the Southern District of -
OFFICES ABE \ GIVEN"
BY . THE PRESIDENT
This is one of eleven cases recently
brought by persons claiming right to al
lotments, in the lands in Oklahoma Terri
tory recently decreed by the Kiowa and
other Indian tribesr- the claimants being
for the most part white men and women
who have married Indians. . They sought
to secure writs of mandamus compelling
the Secretary, to recognize them. >
Judge Barnard sustained the demurrer
of the Secretary and ordered the dismissal
of the petition. He said in effect that in
such a proceeding as that involving the
opening and allotment of Indian reserva
tions the law required the exercise of ju
dicial discretion on the part of the Secre
tary and that the court would not inter
fere with the exercise of such a privilege
by an executive officer. The -court volun
tarily remarked that if he had been In the
Secretary's positibn he would have pur
sued the same course that the Secretary
had pursued. In refusing recognition to
these claimants. . - " • • ,
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— Judge Barn
ard of the Supreme Court of the District
of Columbia to-day decided the case of
Willis West vs. the Secretary of the In
terior, in favor of the Government:
the Court. \
Persons Who Sued the
Government Fail in
LOSE THE LAND
THEY CLAIMED
SOLO AND,CHINA BOY, CONSUL GENERAL HO TOW'S WELL-KNOWN THOROUGHBREDS NOW RUNNING IN
THE WOODLAND RACES, AND SOME OF THE CANDIDATES FOR THE CIRCUIT TROTTING RACES IN
THE STATE. . ' ' - .
WOODLAND, Aug. 27.—Farm
ers and, fruit growers taking
an Jnterest in the district
fair have made an assured
¦ success of it. The stock pa
rade this morning was a surprise and rev
elation. Nothing like it has ever before
been seen in this county and will not ba
equaled in this State this year, except at
the State fair. The parade was more
than a mile long. Competent Judges say
the stock exhibit is exceptionally fine.
The pavilion display was increased, espe
cially in the agricultural department, and
great interest was manifested in the ex
hibit, which will be at its best on Wed
nesday. The racing card is a good one
and the attendance larger than the corre
sponding day 'of last year. President
Stevens and Directors Spaulding and Hop
pin officiated as judges.
Ho Yow*s mare Solo won In straight
heats and was not covered. She sold in
the field at $2, Ouiboul at $5 and Porto
Rico at $3. Great interest centered in tho
match race for Davisville horses, but aft
er the first heat the result was never in
doubt. It was easy money for the win
ner. Both running races furnished in
teresting contests. In the first there was
a fighting finish between the leaders.
Summary:
> LONDON, .- Aug. 27.— The "Government
has stricken *. the : name '. of ¦ Earl Russell
from the list of Berkshire magistrates.- , .
Bussell ¦ Loses Berkshire Position.
• NEW HAVEN, Xuff. : 27.— A" world's rec
ord :wa» established in the ten-mile open
professional race at the grand circuit
nieet.- held here to-night. Iver-Lawson
of .Chicago -won the race In 22:35 2-5, de
feating Tom Cooper. The previous rec
ord was 22:412-5. ."¦ ' ',-r ,.''.•_•
Record Broken at New Haven.
DUBLIN, Aug. 27.— The directory of
the United Irish League met to-day and
requested John Redmond. . their leader, to
go to the United States, in conjunction
with . Michael Davltt. ana place the posi
tion, of the Nationalist movement before
the Americans., Redmond, who - will . be
accompanied by some member: of Parlia
ment, . will : call ' for New York s early j- in
October.'; •- >.,;
Nationalists Coming to America;
; PROVIDENCE^ R. I. , Aug. 27.— The
match race between Cresceus and The Ab
bott, * scheduled for next Wednesday, at
Charter Oak Park, Hartford, has been
called off because George Ketcham, owner
of Cresceus, refuse to abide by the terms
of the agreement/ ; Ketcham has said that
he feared in case of the race going against
him he would not be given a return match.
Cresceus Will Not Race.'
.LONDON, Aug. 27.— The Parliamentary
election held yesterday to fill the seat in
the House - of Commons ,f or the ;. Andover
division \of '.Hampshire,'^ made vacant -by
the death of the Right Honorable William
W. B. . Beach, ••father > of . the u House of
Commons," resulted in the return , of Ed
mund Beckett Furber, Conservative,^ who
received ; 3696 . votes > to 3473 cast for his
Liberal opponent, . George ~ Judd. -• - There
had been no previous contest in the divis
ion since 1885, when, the Conservative
majority was 1451. ' / ¦
Conservative Gains a Coveted Seat.
NASHVILLE. Tenn. , Aug. 27.-One of
the boldest hold-ups ever/ ; known - here
took place to-day. when a gambler secured
temporary possession of a purse contain
ing $4270 in gold and greenbacks.- The
banker In a gambling house had deposited
the money in a book. on the table- and was
counting. the tickets, when Tom Johnson
picked up the book.: The banker ordered
Johnson to put the money down, -but he
had a ' revolver thrust in his face. There
were five men in the room, and Johnson
covered' all of them while 'he backed out'
of the door. Johnson ¦. was finally over
hauled by a policeman. The money was
recovered and Johnson committed to jail.
He gave as an - excuse for. his • escapade
that the house owed him money:.
Attempts a Robbery and Fails.
Young Bookkeeper Commits Suicide.
. SALT LAKE, Utah, Aug. 27.— A special
to,the DtJseret News from Spanish < Fork,
Utah, says ' that Claire E. '; Krawcaw, ! a
young bookkeeper employed by the Tel
luride.Power Company, committed suicide
there last night by -taking laudanum.
Krawcaw recently, came to Spanish Fork
from • Denver. ; Sunday, ¦:. while Krawcaw
was out . riding r with a - young lady, his
wife appeared at - his boarding ; house,
word was sent to Payson to young Kra
caw and shortly after, a>message. was re
ceived that he had committed suicide in
the hotel at that place.
BOSTON, Aug.' 27.— Three /teams of well
known bicycle riders had covered 184 miles
and twenty laps at the end of the first day
of the. six day -race which started at the
Revere, cycle track >thls • afternoon. Six
teams are In it to ra6e eight hours a day.
They are Moran.and McLean ;,-McDuffy
and Pierce; : Maya and Bowler; Bleeker
and Downey; Turgeon and Dubers;
Stevens and Alexander.
Wheelmen Biding a Long Race.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— It was semi
officially announced to-day that the direc
tors of the Union Pacific have outlined
plans which will call for the expenditure
of $40,000,000 on the Southern and Central
Pacific systems, to be equally divided be
tween them. '.This will be chiefly for im
provements, In order to put those roads in
perfect conditions. .
¦ This amount of money~'will not all be ex
pended at once, but" will be scattered over
several years. At the start ther surpiua
net earnings will be used. ;^The principal
improvements of the Central Pacific area
tunnel- through the Sierra Nevada range
to cost *5,000,000 or $6,000,000, leveling of
grades, taking out curves and laying heav
ier rails so as to permit of handling
greater traffic and running faster trains.
The imDrovements- in the Southern Pa
cific-system will include the relaying of
nearly-,the entire main line with heavier
rails,* ; changing i of ~ fuel from coal
to oil on several divisions, purchase of «41
lands and general repairs to roadway.
Directors of the Union Pacific Outline
a Plan for Vast Im
provements! ;,.; r '.
BATLBOAD TO SPEND
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
_Edward Griffith, Secretary of Forestry,
Washington, . gave a comprehensive de
scription of the Black Hills forest re
serve, which contains a population of 25,
000, including the two cities of Lead and
Deadwood. Prof essor " L. H. Pammell of
Ames, In Iowa, in discussing the question,
"What Should Be the Policy of the Gov
ernment in the Ulntah Forest Reserve?"
took a strong position against permitting
sheep to graze thereon. He arraigned the
present policy of the Government as ruin
ous to the best interests of the forest.
With 200,000 sheep in the reserve the her
baceous plants are cut . down - in such • a
manner that the forest covering, so im
portant for the starting of a young forest
growth, is entirely prevented.' Five years
ago there was - an abundance of feed
where, at thepresent time, many of the
herds can .scarcely find picking. Former
ly water was much more abundant than
now. Perennial 1 springs have ceased. The
ponds, lakes and meadows are drying up.
Sheep are driven into the reserve in de
fiance of law and regulations. If the for
ests are to be protected the Government
must exert its authority.
The question of grazing, like every other that
affects the natural forest, reserves, is a ques
tion of the greatest good to the'greatest'num
ber. The problem is how best to use the forest
reserves for the promotion of all. the business
interests ot the communities in or near which
they lie. The reserves contain vast quantities
of 'grass and other forage which can only be
harvested by grazing animals.. Except in cases
where grazing directly antagonizes interests of
greater importance to the community there is
every reason why it should be permitted under
sensible regulations. Moderate grazing may pro
ceed in most of the reserves ¦ wholly without
injury to the forest except in specified localities
and greatly I to ! the advantage of the general
community. Overgrazing destroys both the for
est and the grazing industry itself. : The ques
tion is purely a local one, to be decided in each
case on its own merits, but there is no case in
which overgrazing Is anything but a calamity.
This afternoon papers on the United
States Government forest work were read
and discussed. William L. Hall's paper
was on "Progress in Tree Planting," and
showed the increased - interest felt over
the country in the planting of forest trees.
Gifford Pinchot of Washington, Forester
of the Department of Agriculture, read a
paper on "Grazing in the Forest Re
serves." Pinchot said:- ¦ ,
DENVER, Aug. 27.— The American For
estry Association, In affiliation with the
American Association for the Advance
ment of Science, this morning began a
three days' session. , Henry Michelsen,
vice president for Colorado, acted as
chairman of the meeting. After an ad
dress of welcome by United States Sena
tor Thomas M. Patterson routine business
occupied the rest of the morning.
bordering on terror. The first fight o?th«
£2 rx w5 i OO . k .P lace^en five non-union
men left their homes and started for work
%&% ggr w?r D e S?t bTLVr^yVibou!
thirty strikers, who by moral snaS
The village had scarcely recovered from
ititl
asm
rantsforfthose^e^n^^^S:
Battles in the Street.
Clark and Union Mill— Superintendent
Brown says the strike is over so far as
these mills are concerned. - Strikers say
the mills are not running full.
McKeesport— Representatives of- tube
workers have decided to stand by Amal
gamated offlcials. Demmler plant may be
v ta !lfn this week - President Shaffer says
he win consider a peace proposition from
responsible persons. Amalgamated offi
cials confident of ultimate success.
The one place within this district wh-ro
the strikers have scored a victory is at
Irondale, Ohio. At this place the^meri
can Tin Plate Company was compelled to
close down its. recently opened plant for
lack of men to operate It.
. Lindsay and . McCutcheon Mill — Several
men secured; two mills operated with sep
arate crews. — -' ' • ' - ¦
' The developments of the day would ap
pear to evidence slow but sure gains by
the corporation. The following summary
gives the status in this district: .
Painter Mill— Six mills' being operated
and management says plenty of good ma
terial is being turned out.
Star Mill— Men still at work upon two
mills; no more men have entered tha
plant; third turn may be put on at mid
night.
Developments of tho Day.
This statement will have Its effect, be
cause of the fact that the tin plate trade
has always been considered as among thV
strongholds of, the Amalgamated Asso
ciation, and tne "defl" appears to have
been brought about by the association
declaring: a strike • against the tin plate
company after the scale for the year cad
been signed. Notwithstanding the fact
that the Amalgamated people claim justi
fication on the ground that their constitu
tion provides for such procedure the offi
cials of the tin plate company consider
the action a breach of trust and say that
henceforth they are determined to cut
loose from union labor entirely.
The association officials treat the threat
with indifference, their only reply . being
that the company cannot carry out its
plan because nearly all the skilled tin
workers of the country are members of
the association and the plants cannot be
run without them. The corporation, how
ever, has started several of their plants
In a way and say they have all the men
necessary within reach to operate them
in full as' soon as the machinery is in
proper shape. • . ~. \
PITTSBURG, Aug. 27.— Practically the
only significant event in the strike to-day
was the positive stand taken* by the
American Tin Plate Company in reference
to its 'course in the future. An official
statement from this company to-day de
nies that there are any negotiations on
foot looking to a settlement of the strike
and authorized the statement that mills
put into operation during the strike will
be continued non-union and all men going
to work now will, be retained in their po
sitions.
Lieutenant Joyce, defendant in the case
on trial, was called to the witness stand
later in the day. Joyce denied everything.
He declared that the statements made by
Lieutenant McSweeney, Sergeant Cramer,
Detective Tracy and Chief of Police O'Neill
implicating . him with the Larkin matter
were untrue. He denied any knowledge of
the Larkin case, of the movement of the
officers and that they were paid for bring
ing the prisoner back from Cleveland. .
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— The connection of
Sergeant Cramer, Detective Tracy and
Lieutenant Joyce with the bogus expense
account which has enveloped in a scandal
the detective j bureau and its chief, Cap
tain Colleran, was told to-day by Chief of
Police O'Neill, who took the stand during
the afternoon session of the Civil Service
Commission sitting as a trial board to
investigate the matter.
The developments created a sensation,
particularly so when Chief O'Neill toid of
the alleged confessions of his subordi
nates, which they had in the main denied
on the stand or saved themselves from re.
peating on the grounds of self-incrimina
tion. The Chief also told how Captain
Colleran and Lieutenant Joyce, as he al
leges, received their share of the spoils. s
The only thing not revealed was the
source of Information that led to the un
earthing of the scandal.
Attorney Gash, representing Lieutenant
Joyce, made many attempts to confuse the
evidence of, the Chief of Police. Gash
charged that the Chief was making false
statements and said that the witness was
actuated by an unfriendly feeling toward
Lieutenant Joyce, all of- which I Chief
O'Neill denied indignantly. *
All of the directors are new with the
exception of Mr. Linderman and Mr.
Stclesbury, who served on the other
board. George F. Baer is president of the
Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Com
pany. Mr. Stolesbury is a member of the
firm of Drexel <& Co. J. H. Ord and
Charles McVengh are said to be New
York capitalists. Messrs. Linderman, Mc
llvaine and Johnson were connected with
the old Bethlehem Steel Company, the
former as president. !¦'¦ .... .
President McJlvaine declined to state
whether Mr. Schwab had purchased the
stock for himself or for other persons.
He declared, however, that the company
would remain Independent, but would be
more aggressive than it had been in the
past.
Schwab agreed to purchase the.Bethle
hem' Steel stock at $24 a share, provided
tho Bethlehem Iron I Company was in
cluded in the sale." A meeting of, the
stockholders of the iron company was
held, at which it- was decided to sell to
the steel company. Then the directors of
both companies agreed to accept Schwab's
offer. Yesterday, was fixed as "the limit
for depositing the stock to be sold. Many
of the shareholders, it is said, did not
avail themselves of the . opportunity, but
the time will be extended for them. The
stock which has been deposited with the
trust company, other -than that paid for
tcrday, will be taken up within the next
twenty days at the same rate per share. 2
The new- board is as follows: R. -P.
Linderman, E. T. Stolesbury, E. M. Mc
llvaine, Archibald Johnson, George F.
Baer, J. P. Ord, Charles Me Veagh.
The officers are: E. M. Mcllvaine, presi
dent; A. E. Borie, vice president; H. S.
Snyder, secretary; A. N. Cleaver, treas
urer; Archibald Johnson, general superin
tendent. < ¦ •.
The regular monthly meeting of the
directors of .the company was set for 11
o'clock this TOorning. At that hour ,a
quorum of the board was present, but no
word had been received from Mr. Schwab.
The meeting was adjourned until 12:30
o'clock, and, as Mr. Schwab's representa
tive had not yet appeared, a further ad
journment was taken until 2 o'clock.
When the directors met finally Max Pam
of New York was present representing
Mr. Schwab, and the stock and money
were speedily transferred. Mr. Pam had
arranged with Drexel & Co. to pay the
required amount to the Girard Trust Com
pany, and when. word was received that
the stock on Jeposlt had been delivered
the new directors were elected.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 27.— The Beth
lehem Steel Company, which also includes
the Bethlehem Iron Company, to-day
passed* into the hands of Charles M.
Schwab.- A check for $4,032,000 was de
posited with the Girard Trust Company
by Drexel & Co., in payment for 168.0U0
shares of Bethlehem Steel stock. The
total number of shares in the company is
300,000. Immediately after the receipt of
the check a new board of directors and
officers were elected. . .
Corporation Declares It
Will Not Accede to
Demands.
Sensations Develop in
the Investigation, at
Chicago.
Schwab Obtains Control
of Bethlehem Com
pany.
Members of American
Forestry Association
1 in Session. .
TIN PLATE MEN
DEFY STRIKERS
FOUR MILLIONS
ON THE CHECK
CHIEF SCORES
HIS OFFICERS
MAKE A PLEA
FOR THE TREES
It Is learned late to-night that President
T. J. Shaffer has sent out letters to all
members of the executive committee of
the Amalgamated Association inviting
their approval of the peace plan agreed
upon last Saturday by the representatives
of the National Civic Federation and the
Amalgamated Association headquarters
officials. A Wheeling dispatch says:
"Within an hour after orders were re
ceived by Manager Wilson of the Aetna
Standard plant to dismantle mm Ko. 1
and ship It to Vandergrtft & force of men
was at work and to-day part of the ma
chinery was loaded on cars ready for
shipment ,. to Vandergrif t. The Amalga
mated leaders here say the strike had
nothing to do with the removal of the
mill, which was decided on long ago.
Business men fear the removal of the en
tire plant."
The excitement at McKeesport at mid
night Is Intense. Between 200 and 300 1
strikers are parading- the streets In an
_angry mood over renorts to the effect
that the Demmler tin plate plant would
resume at 6 o'clock In the morning. About
10 o'clock a boat was seen endeavoring to
raake a landing near the mills. As soon
as the strikers caught sight of the boat
a roar went up and a rush was made for
the river bank. The boat was then seen
to turn around and again go down tha
river. .'
BRISTOL, R. I., Aug. 27.— Several plates
were found to be In bad shape when the
Constitution was drydocked here to-day.
The yacht got a bad wrench when she
grounded In Oyster Bay a few days ago,
adding to the Injury she sustained by
striking an underwater obstruction during
the recent New York Yacht Club crufse.
It is thought quite possible that much of
the yacht's unsatisfactory work may be
attributed to the condition of the plates
on her keel.
ing assault, but no more serious offense.
The attorney then began the preparation
of papers to ask for an injunction re
straining the strikers from interfering
with the non-unionists In any way.
Constitution. Suffers a Wrench.
Wednesday's programme will Include a
bronco busting exhibition at the park. It
will be Sacramento day and the feature
of the racing card will be a road race for
the entries of the Sacramento Driving
Club. A trot for 2:12 performers and two
running races will also be on the card.
Galen and Catherine Bravo also ran.
Tlme-l:13%.
Trotting 1 , 2:20 class, purse $400:
Solo . .' Ill
Oulboul 2 4 2
Prince !• : 3 2 4
Almonada .» 4 3 5
Ole 5 13
McKenna 6 6 6
Porto Rico 7
Lucy 6 .....> .T. ... d
Time— 2:15. 2:15%, 2:14%. '
Match race, Davisville horses, purse $400: .
Trilby Maid Ill
Celmar 2 2 2
Lady d
Time— 2:13, 2:19, 2:20%. 1
Running, five-eighths dash, purse $123: 1
Coming Event 1
Lou Clelvden 2
Seemseem 3
/ Time— 1:00%.
Mefford, Gold Baron and Tim Augustine also
Running three-quarter dash, purse $125:
Skirmish 1
Mike Rice 2
Frank Wood , 3
The list of witnesses prepared by Judgo
Advocate Lemly and transmitted to Ad
miral Schley will be made public to-mor
row. Some time ago Admiral Schley, la
sending his list of witnesses to the de
partment, Included a request for all tho
officers of the Brooklyn. The department
replied that a number of the officers of
the Brooklyn would be on the list pre
pared by the department, and asked to
have specifically named the Brooklyn's
officers he desired. The admiral respond
ed to-day through Captain Parker of his
counsel. He gave the names of the prin
cipal officers of the Brooklyn and also of
seven petty officers, including the quarter
masters who were at the wheel during the
action off Santiago.
PHILADELPHIA; Aug. 27.— The Record
to-morrow will say that Albert H.
O'Brien, a prominent member of the Phil
adelphia bar, has been called In as as
sistant counsel for Rear Admiral Schley*
in the coming investigation at Washing
ton. Last Thursday Mr. O'Brien was in
"Washington in consultation with Admiral
Schley's counsel and materially assisted
them in the preparation of the brief in the
court of inquiry. During the late sixties
Mr. O'Brien occupied the post of Judge
advocate of the "West Indian fleet, and in
1869 was stationed at Annapolis, where
Schley was lieutenant commander, a
warm friendship developed there between,
the two men. Mr. O'Brien resigned from
the navy in 1875 and took up the practice
of law in Philadelphia.
It was learned to-day that "W. H. Stay-
Ion of the law firm of Staylon & Cham
bers of New Tork was expected at the
Navy Department to-morrow, and it U
supposed that his purpose is to consult
the record of the department in the in
terest of Admiral Sampson. Mr. Staylon
is a graduate of the Naval Academy, who.
though coming out at the head of his
class, elected to join the Marine Corps.
He was detailed to duty in the office or
the judge advocate general and later re
signed to practice law.
It may, in its pleasure, deny the person
under investigation the privilege of hav
ing counsel present before the court, or,
on the other hand. It may go the length
of permitting persons in secondary inter
est the privilege of employing 1 counsel be
fore the court. So the offlcials say they
have no knowledge officially of the reten
tion of counsel by Admiral Sampson, but
privately it is admitted that he expects .to
be so represented.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— It is Trader
stood that Admiral Sampson la to be rep
resented before the Schley court of in
quiry by counsel, though the navy offi
cials say they have no official knowledge
on the subject and point to the fact that
the court of inquiry is the only body au
thorized to admit or debar counsel In such
cases.
Graduate of Naval Academy
Likely to. Conduct the
Case.
Rumor Abroad That Ad
miral Has Employed
Counsel.
SAMPSON WILL
HAVE LAWYERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1901
2
AD vxj*'x itt.fi in Einxa.
Scrofula "¦]
Wew are entirely free from. IL
Ik may develop so slowly as tocansa
little If any disturbance dorin » tha whola
period c! childhood.
It may then prodac© frrcesulaTttT eC the
stomach and bowels, djspopiia, catarrh,
and -marked tendency to consumption
before manUestlnx itself tn much cntaneoos
eruption or glandular swelling.
. It Is best to be sore that yon are cclta
tree from li. and for its complete eradica-
tion you can rely on
Hood's Sarsaparilla
The best of an medicines for an humors.
DH.ME¥EBSMfc: ( jg8fifc l
Specialist, IMsease W&jf *£
and -weakness of §§§££ Y
men. Established sraltf . J ,^ Mt \^H i
1SS1. Consultation flCaf
and prtTate . boo* \\£§L 5?\ T|
free, at offlce or by <fc2«fc. AkJ
mall. Cures guar- 1 \ffist&r^&
anteed. 731 Mar- hS^S^Kr!?
ket street (eleva- jK^&Z&i&f '<
tor entrance), San JB&^J ISnPjP'*
j
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Pamiana Bitters
1 3 A GREAT RESTORATIVE, U*VIGORA»
¦tor and Nervine, • , «_ . «
Tha most - wonderful aphredlalao iw Bpeciaj
Tenio for tho Sexual Organs, for both »«•*,,
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases et tha K1J»
»eym and Bladder. Bella on Its own merit*.
NAEER, ALFS & BRUNE. Asenta,
83 Market st,, S, F.— (Send for Clrculara.)
— — .- ¦ '
DR.PIERCE'S
GOLDE&
DISCOVERY
FOR THE 2,
AA/, T, HESS,
K0TAHT PUBLIC AND ATTOaSBT-AT-HW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bldgv.
Telephone Brown J31. -^
. • Residence, 8a California st., beW ?QV**h
MMaOn& ; Ban Francisco,
M*- '-*- i ilium mi mil Tup, TMlfHniim
ATTEMPT TO BUY A PIANO /
?f f T°Sv- y 5^ se * t J le Une represented by the new piano house, THE WILET B.
ALLEJs CO., and you make a mistake. •
LET US TELL YOU * V
Sa^a^os^ftrodS^to^rfc^ 6^ ?££¦>£ *** lntrodu «=«on of fine, high-
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS?*
You can buy a Steck. Everett. Hardman. Conover, Packard or Ludwie uiano
fom«s at a price which will greatly surprise yod.v Welannot quotf pri^
in princ It would demoralize the trade here if we did. Just drop in and seef £?
yourself how beautiful, how good and how grand our pianos are. Ask the
price and the piano is yours. - ¦
LAST WEEK WE TOOK IN A DOZEN *
Or more of good, substantial second-hand pianos as part payment for new
ones. Any of these second-hand pianos you can take for a trifling sum of money '
Among the lot is a Sohmer, Chickering," Knabe, Emerson, Bauer- and a Ster-
1 - Un f- ,^f hav . e some fairly good square pianos as low as $45. and an Apollo
self -playing piano, almost new,; for 5150. . - T -apouo
/ IN THE NEAR FUTURE T
We will. In addition to our present quarters at 933 Market st, occupy the en-
tire premises adjoining, at 931 Market St.. where now is located Fairchild's San
Francisco Shoe House. Our great aim and object is to become the leading
piano establishment in San Francisco. Keep your eye onus and see us get
THTwiLEY B. ALLEH CO., 933 Market St.. M «s5i, San Francisco.
BRANCH. flai.nBOADWAV. OAKLAND.; • '¦i The : alarm, ; turned In '. from . box 76 last
night was for'.a;flre In ' a i building: , at 107
Hayes 'street, occupied 1 by ;R; Sldemau, a
ladies' f. tailor, . The : blaze started t in the
cellar/and before it was extinguished had
gutted >the- building. SIdeman estimate*
his loss at $4000. He carried an insurance
.Flames Destroy \ Tailor Shop.
. The Supervisors' ; Committee , on 'Artifi
cial Lights; took up f or .consideration, yes
terday; t^he proposed ; to. compel
electric > street railways to maintain arc
lights" at street crossings. '¦• Chief Electri
cian Foster - and Attorney ' Jere T. Burke
of v the Market-street Railway ; Company
appeared before, the committee and plead
ed '¦ that I the ¦ cost of • installing the system
would amount to $90,000, and that it would
be a hardship to require it % The commit
tee ! decided to ! refer the ! question to . City
Electrician Hewitt and Light Inspector
Tupper.to ascertain the exact cost of the
plan. : 7-" ' '¦¦"¦." '•¦--:'..', ¦¦¦'¦•. -.-¦ :'• ':/¦'•'."' ¦"
Arc Lights ¦ at Street Crossings.
SANTA ROSA", 'Aug.' 27.— Edward Clark,
arrestad i hero i to-day ; upon • a charge of
vagrancy;, is . believed ; to ! be : the ¦- "Peeping
Tom", who has ' been' annoying; many resi
dents : of • tha • city "during ; the past'.few
weeks by, peeping ini at; windows during
the early evening hours. • Several attempts
had I been • made >. to catch the . fellow, i but
without success until* to-day. r ~ •*>¦ ¦
"Peeping Tom" Under Arrest.-
SANTA i ROSA,;. Aug.^'27.-John Iven^
wanted by the authorities of •Mendocino
County as principal' witness In a murder
case, was arrested . here | yesterday i while
intoxicated and taken north this afternoon
by j Deputy Sheriff White ; of Ukiah. J The
murder of which Iveri Is said to have been
a t. witness occurred :. at Wllllts a v few
months ago,' when Armstrong killed Wll
son '¦ in ' the , kitchen of the Willlts Hotel
with a piece of stove wood... Iven appear
ed at the preliminary . examination, - but
disappeared shortly, afterward. ! A reward
was offered,' for hls'capture. ' ..-;v -.-. r
Missing Witness Captured.
UKIAH,, Aug. 27.— An altercation took
place last night at the depot in this city
between' William H. , Davidaon and C. B.
Scott, In which Davidson jj was • severely,
stabbed. Both ¦ men are j carpenters and
had been working together on the new
buildings under construction at the race
track. Last night they quarreled and
soon were engaged In a fight, during
which Scott stabbed Davidson with a
pocket-knife, inflicting one wound just
above the left hip and another across the
main muscle of the arm. Scottlwas ar
.rested late at night and gave bonds at 1
o'clock this morning. While Davidson's
condition is serious, he will probably re
cover. . . . /. -¦''.... ;
Stabbing Affray in Ukiah.
¦ After the oeivices the. body was taken
to a -vault ir. Mountain View Cemetery,
whence it will :, be sent to: Washing
ton, for. burial beside that: of the . dis
tinguished husband of the deceased who
rests i there. '. :;..-¦ ¦ ¦ •
»¦ The honorary, pallbearers at yesterday's
obsequies were . . Judge Morrow, Judge
Harrison, E. S. Pillsbury, Thomas- B.
Bishop,' William &J:' Gavin. ' S. .W. Holla
day, D. -W.'. Earl and Homer i S. King. .
The funeral cortege started from the
residence of Mrs. George E. Whitney in
Oakland, whence .the body ' was taken to
the ferry and : brought over to Grace
Church on this side. Mrs. Condit-Smith
and Mrs. :Whitney, sisters of the deceased;
and a number of very intimate .friends
followed the remains • across the - bay. v -
Yesterday the " last solemn rites over
the remains of Mrs. Sue V. Field, widow
of the late ; Justice Field, were held in
Grace .Episcopal Church. -The -services
were conducted j by Rev. Dr. Foute, . and
the sacred ¦ edifice in which they .took
place was . filled to . the doors with" ¦¦ the
most ; distinguished people of the . city,
some of whom had known the deceased
for nearly half; a century..
Remains of Widow of the Late
Justice' Buried From Grace
- Church,.
FTTNEHAL SERVICES OVER
, THE BODY OF.MRS. HELD
Five Hundred Dollars Taken From
the, Express Box on the
Ukiak Staged
UKIAH, * Aug. • 27.— Wells-Fargo's ex
press box was found this morning by J.'
L. Orr, within- 100 feet of the scene of
yesterday's stage holdup. .The lock had
been blown off the box. More than $500
was taken by the outlaw.- .The mailwas
not touched. The 'two passengers on the
stage gave the robber about $12. .- : ¦
MENDOCOfO'S OUTIiAW
HAKES A GOOD HAUL
Abercrombie was about 40 years of age.
He is survived by a widow, mother and
two brothers. Ray has long been in the
employ of J. 'Goldman & Co. in this city.
Both have been men i of prominence and
popularity. %
Abercrombie and "Walter Ray of this
clty.with their families, were on a'hunt
ing trip in the mountains. The two men
left their camp together in quest of big
game yesterday and several hours later
Kay returned with the news that he had
accidentally killed his comrade.
TULARE, Aug. 27.— W. C. Abercrombie,
a farmer of this county, ¦was shot and
killed by a hunting companion yesterday
in the mountains thirty-five miles east of
Porterville. j Abercrombie was mistaken
for a bear by the man.who did the shoot
ing, and a bullet . from a. large caliber
rifle wag sent crashing through his body,
causing immediate death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hunter Makes Mistake
in the Mountains
. of Tulare.
pointed to his position under Cleveland.
He is survived. by a widow and a daugh
ter, 18 years of age.
NOGALES, A. T., Aug. 27.— United
States Collector of Customs Hoey has just
been rearrested on additional counts and
his bond raised to $5000, which was
promptly given. Special Agent McEnery
of El Paso has been placed in charge of
the office in Nogales pending investiga
tion.
FHfE ART EXHIBITS
FOB. THE STATE F AIB
Display Will Again Be Under the
Supervision of John A.
Stanton.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 27.— The art col
lection at the State Fair this year, as for
merly, will be under the personal super
vision of John A. Stan ton, the San Fran
cisco artist. Mr. Stanton has written to
Secretary George "W. Jackson assuring
him that a fine collection will be offered.
Among the paintings will be two owned
by E. Haquette of San Francisco of great
value. "Samson and Delilah," and "The
Confession." Superintendent Stanton will
also bring the cast of the head of the
Chinese Boxer who killed Baron von Ket
teler, the German Minister to Peking.
The poultry show will be one of the
strongest displays- of the kind seen in the
State. The exhibits are to be judged by
Henry Berrar, whose services were
sought by the directors of the Buffalo
Pan-American Exposition. It may be
that the poultry show will not be opened
until the. second week of the fair.
Superior Judge Peter J/ Shields of this,
city will show a fancy herd of fifteen or
twenty Jerseys. He will also show three
near relatives of the prize bull Pedro,
sold for $10,000.
Sea Beach Hotel Changes Hands.
SANTA CRtJZ, Aug. 27.— The Sea Beach
Hotel property was to-day purchased by
J. J. C. Leonard of D. K. Abell. The con
sideration was not made public.
Accused Inspector Jos
sey Is Accidentally
Killed.
• /-
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 27.— 3. F. Jossey,
United States Chinese Inspector, was ac
cidentally shot and killed this morning
at his home In this city. The Coroner's
jury returned a verdict of death by the
accidental discharge of a gun.
Jossey heard a disturbance among his
poultry during the night, arose from bed,
took a shotgun and, atiired in his night
dress, went to investigate. A few mo
ments later the report of the gun was
heard. Mrs. Jossey, thinking her husband
had fired at a polecat! called out, "Did
you kill him?" No one answered. She
called a second time, and, still receiving
no reply, ran out and found Jossey pros
trate, with a gaping wound in his left
breast His gun was eight feet from him.
The email steoladder which he had at
tempted to mount to fire over the fence
into the poultry-yard had -fallen as ho
stepped upon it, and his gun had evidently
been prematurely discharged.
The fact that Jossey was accused of
complicity in the Chinese smuggling at
Nogales at first aroused suspicions of
suicide, but these were dispelled by the
evidence brought out at the inquest. Jos
sey was from Americus, Ga., and was ap-
Young Mellin, resides with his parents at
213 Elm street, Oakland. As soon as the
accident occurred a message was sent to
his. mother telling her. of the terrible ac
cident that had befallen her son.
The accident was caused by the care
lessness of one of the men working in the
building. Young Mellin had taken a
number of cases to the fourth floor of the
building on the elevator, which is an
open affair, and had succeeded in getting
all the heavy cases but one off the plat
form. He was struggling. with that when
some one on one of the floors beneath
pulled the rope and started the elevator
downward. The heavy case, one-half >of
which rested on the flooring, toppled over
as the elevator commenced to sink,. and
struck the boy, knocking him off the other
side of the elevator platform. He fell the
entire distance, turning over and over in
the descent, and alighting: on the cement
floor of the basement on his hands and
feet. The shock jerked his head down
ward and his chin struck with- sufficient
force to cut a deep gash and shatter the
bone. " ¦ . • .
That the bravo boy will die .is almost
sure, as the shock in addition to the
broken bones is much more than even a
strong man could stand: The fall caused
a compound fracture of his left thigh, a
fracture of the right thigh, a fracture of
both his arms and a compound fracture of
the lower jaw.
The boy was* conscious all the time and
stood, the examination like a Spartan. Dr.
Armlstead and the- nurses handled him as
carefully as possible, but even the weight
of a cloth on his bruised body caused him
untold . agony. His shop mates who
brought him to the hospital spoke. to him
soothingly and sought, to convince him
that he was more scared than hurt, but
the little fellow knew better. His. pain
racked frame told him the extent of his
injuries. ¦ ; ...
Mellin was -hurried to the Emergency
Hospital, and an examination showed that
almost every bone in his body had been
broken. How he escaped instant death
could not be explained by the doctors, and
as they proceeded : to examine 'into the
extent of his injuries they , wondered
more. " '
Those who saw him fall ran- to the base
ment expecting to find him lifeless, but he
was not even unconscious. The only sign
of injury .was a deep gash in his chin, but
when they sought ; to move - him he
shrieked in agony.
Edward Mellin, aged 16 years and em
ployed as a press feeder by .the Union
Lithographing Company in the Halleck
bulldlng N at 325 Sansome street, fell from
the fourth floor, of -the building to the
basement yesterday and received injuries
that will probably prove fatal. That he
was not killed outright seems miraculous,
as the basement floor is made of cement.
Edward Mellin Falls Four
Stories and Is Not
; Killed.
The witness explained the methods of
carrying accounts over from month to
Leach further-testified that Cole made
the pencil memorandum on April 30. The
memorandum > was undated, but Cole told
hirr. he fixed the time of making it by his
recollection of Dimmick's appearance.
The Pencil Memorandum.
Further cross-examination brought .out
the fact that when he voiced his fear to
the superintendent Cole 'did not remem
ber either date, amount nor name involved
in the transaction. He had, however,
made a memorandum in pencil on the fly
leaf of the book in whicn he entered up
the other vouchers. Beyond this memor
andum Cole had no entry In his books to
show either that he had paid the money
to Dimmick or subsequently received the
amount.
"Perhaps I did. It seems to me that
Cole made some explanation which satis
fied me at the time. He told me that he
had been under the influence of the fear
that there was something wrong with the
transaction for over a year."
Attorney Collins asked Leach whether
he had not demanded from Cole an expla
nation for the delay.
ATTORNEY COLLINS CROSS
EXAMINING SUPERINTEND
ENT OF THE MINT LEACH.
LAST ATTEMPT TO SAVE
OWENS FEOM GALLOWS
Petition for Executive Clemency Is
Sent to Governor Gage From
Santa Bosa. .
• SANTA ROSA, Aug. 27.— A lengthy peti
tion was forwarded from here to-day to
I Governor Gage, praying that clemency be
extended to Thomas P. Owens, now in
San Quentin and sentenced to be hanged
on October 25. This represents the last ef
fort on behalf of. his client by Attorney R.
VV. Miller. The document states that
Owens is a man past the prime of life and
that up to a few years ago he had lived a
quiet, inoffensive and exemplary life, but
that about seven years ago he began to
show signs of failing mentality and at the
time of his crime he could not distinguish
between right and wrong.
Thomas P. Owens shot and killed Ed
ward Hale at Lytton. Springs.
Haxnmel Taken to San Slatco.
SACRAMEICTO. Aug. 27.— Harry Ham
mel, who was arrested in this city early
last Sunday morning on a charge of hav
ing blown open the safe of Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson, was this morning taken
to San Mateo County by Sheriff Mans
field to stand trial for having looted the
postofflce in that place. He has admitted
his guilt and said he would plead quilty.
While Hammel would not admit that he
committed the burglary here, he gave the
officers nearly $200 to give to the owners
of the safe that was blown open.
Clam-Dig'gers in Battle.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 27.— There was a
bloody combat yesterday afternoon near
/' Marshalls. participated In by Indians,
5 half-breeds and Italians that Teslde in
1 that locality. Many pistol-shots were
fired and two men were wounded. The
latter were hidden away by their friends
and their names could not be learned. The
cause of the quarrel is not known,
though it is believed to have been a dis
pute over the riKht to dig clams on cer
tain portions of the beach.
Jury Acquits Butler.
STOCKTON. Aug. 27.— After having been
out half an hour the jury in the case of
C. M. Butler, charged ¦with assault to
murder E. J. Pullen at the Tesla works
some months ago, brought in a verdict of
acquittal. The case went to the jury witu
out argument-
Injured in a Runaway.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 27.— John Green, a
painter, was the victim of a runaway ac
cident on Fourth street this morning 1 .
Green's frightened horse ran on a eide
walk, throwing the driver against a tree.
Green was badly injured.
DEATH STOPS
LAW'S INQUIRY
This is the voucher upon which Dim
mick procured from Cole the sum of $498 37
and which he subsequently redeemed. Cole
gave him the money In February, 1900.
Cole thought it was irregular at the time,
said Leach, but did not report the matter
until a year Jater. Leach thought the
reason for Cole's delay in speaking about
the transaction was that he was inexpe
rienced, having held his position as cash
ier but six months at the time.
This voucher, known in the case as ex
hibit A, was made. Leach testified, by his
instructions. It represented a transaction
between the Mint and the Selby Smelting
Company, but involved no cash. It was
one of a number of vouchers made to cor
rect an error whereby a transaction in
lead had gone through the Selby account
on the Mint books. This and the other
vouchers Leach says he ordered Dimmick
to indorse "Voucher void with cashier."
In the case of some of the vouchers these
instructions were followed, but exhibit A
was simply marked "Canceled."
Cole Has a Fear. , •
The "fear" was first conceived when
Dimmick handed Cole the voucher for
549S37, upon which the present charge
against the' ex-chief clerk is founded, and
told him to make no entry therefor. It
was brought forth when Cole reported to
Superintendent Leach last February that
there was something strange about Dim
mick's methods and that there ought to
be an investigation.
UNDER the fire of cross-examina
tion by Attorney George D. Col
lins Frank A. Leach, superin
tendent of the Mint, yesterday
afternoon told United States
Commissioner Heacock the story of a
"fear" \rhich had entered the mind of
Cashier Cole In February, 1900, and re
mained carefully tucked away until the
corresponding month of the present year.
SHOOTS AT BEAR
AND KILLS MAN
'¦'Yes, sir." ¦¦ • . - .
"xi.re you sure?" v
And it was then that Superintendent
Leach learned for the flrsttime that the
account to which' the accumulation of
each quarter was transferred was also in
the name of Frank .'A. Leach.v superin
tendent. «-t x ** V ; "K s '•
* Leacn * explained his Ignorance in this
regard iby stating that that work was all
attended to by his subordinates. £
The cross-examination will be continued
to-niorrow at 2 o'clock.
Collins tried to find out from the wit
ness the method of handling Government
funds. "They are deposited in the Sub-
Treasury," said the witness, "in my name
as superintendent and at the end of three
months, or every quarter, transferred to
the Government."
"Placed in the Government's name?"
asked the attorney.
Trusted to Subordinates.
month. This was done, he said, with his
permission. It was done for three rea
sons — in case: of insufficiency of funds
consequent on miscalculation in drawing,
in the event of a bill containing items
which needed explanation or when a cred
itor failed to collect on the regularly ap
pointed day for payment: In the last
event the money was taken out and held
by the cashier, until the following month.
.Attorney • Collins , cross-examined ' the
witness about an entry in a, "sales" book
kept by Dimmick. Following the entry,
which recorded a sale of bluestone, was
the memorandum, "Sold March 31, too late
for deposit."' ¦ Under this was another
note, "The above was recently added.- F.
A. L." •
The entry and the first note were in
Dimmick's handwriting. The second note
was made by Leach. He testified • that
the Dimmick note had been added after
the discovery of the loss of the $30,000, and
that he had called attention to its recent
insertion for the benefit of the District
Attorney and to refresh his own memory.
DOCTORS MARVEL
AT HIS ESCAPE
jVANCAUVER, B. C, Aug. 27.— From
official ', advices from "Washington • to
Tfnited: States Immigration. Inspector
Healy. it is probable that in the near fu
ture; a large number of . Japanese labor-,
ers will be going. to Honolulu and Amer
ican coast ports. It, appears that recent T
ly Kogora" Takahira,'. Japanese Minister In
Washington, made a cail upon Assistant
Secretary Taylor ' :Of the United States
Treasury 'Department , and discussed with
that' gentleman the question of Japanese
Immigration to the islands. Some time
ago, when the hue and cry was raised on
the Pacific Coast against admitting the :
Japanese, the Government of Japan issued
an ¦ edict . forbidding the exodus . from , the
motherland. Now there is a shortage In
the labor market of the coast and espe
cially in ' the Hawaiian Islands. . It is
probable that in view of the . demands
made by the sugar planters the entry of.
Japanese to the islands will be allowed.
The Japanese Minister was informed by
Mr. Taylor that on no account would the
contract system i be . tolerated, in view of
the provisions of the alien labor laws of
the United States, but that If Japanese
sought admission to the country in the or
dinary way: there would be no restrictions
placed upon their entrance. -¦ , -
The sugar planters of Hawaii have had
a great deal of trouble lately in obtaining
suitable labor. Many Porto Ricans have
been transported to the islands, but ap
parently they are proving unsatisfactory.
Hon. S. Shimuzu, the Japanese Consul
General here, said to-day that he was
aware from information received that it
was probable the edict would be imme
diately-modified to permit Japanese to
emigrate to Hawaii, but he did not under
stand that any would be allowed to seek
labor in the United States proper.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Transportation to San Jose has been sup
plied to her. Her parents live there and
she boarded a train for that city this
evening-
Mrs. Mills is a frail and pretty
little woman, who bears her lot with
a deal of fortitude. though the
tears well into her eyes and her
voice trembles in spite of herself
•when she discusses the affair that cost
her so much. She and her husband oc
cupied the bridal charr^T on the Islander
and were not awak'^fu until after other
passengers were gtLting up. She says
that an officer told Mrs. Ross, the wife
of the Governor of Yukon Territory, to
return to bed, as everything was all right-
Mrs. Mills also retired again, but her hus
band remained up and soon called to her
to dress and go on deck. The boat in
which she was taken off the Islander
carried only twelve or fifteen persons,
whereas in. her opinion it might have car
ried forty. Officers and others refused to
let any more pet into the craft. Her hus
band worked hard to get others into the
boats, believing there was plenty of time
¦ to save everybody. He was not permitted
to join Mrs. Mills in the boat, and she
did not see him again after the boat
pulled out from the vessel's side.
An effort was made to abandon George
Puddicombe of Tacoma, who, apparently
dead, was puiled into the boat she was
in. ilrs. Mills prevented this, and vig
orous rubbing proved that Puddicombe
was alive. None cf Mrs. Mills' party
were called, and she observed that mem
bers of the crew did not take time to
throw life preservers to persons strug
gling in the water. Mrs. Mills believes
that every one might have been saved had
there been any discipline aboard.
Mills was a member of Tacoma. Lodge
of Elks, and members of that order im
mediately interested themselves in seeing
that his widow was given proper atten
tion and care on her arrival here to-day.
TACO1LA-, Auff. 27.— One of the saddest
instances of the suffering and destitution
caused by the sinking of the steamer Isl
ander Is that of Mrs. Edwin 'Mills, the
widow of a former member of the Ta
coma Fire Department, who was on the
list of those that perished. Her home
Is In San Jose. OaL The couple were mar
ried ax Atlin about two years ago and im
mediately afterward went to Dawson.
They started for this city on August 7,
expecting to arrive here in time to parti
cipate in the Kiks' carnival festivities,
bringing with them $3000 in paper money
and $5(W in gold nuggets. Instead of real
izing her ambition of coming back to
home and friends with an amount of
money sufficient for her husband to en
gage in business, ilrs. Mills now finds her
self separated forever from her loved one
and left with nothing but the clothing
she wears.
Special Dlspatcb to The Call.
Laborers to Be Allowed to
. Pour Into the Hawaiian
Islands.
Discipline All Might Have
Been SavecL
Mrs. Mills Says That With
Islander Wreck Costs a
San Jose Woman
Dearly.
Japan Will, Remove Its
Restrictions Upon
Emigration.
COOLIE HORDE
TO CROSS SEAS
LOSES HUSBAND
AND A FORTUNE
CASHIER COLE HAS SUSPICIONS
THAT TAKE A YEAR TO DEVELOP
Superintendent Leach, Under Cross- Examination, Tells
. Some Inside Facts About Mint;
CATCH A SHARK
IN THEIR NET
Marin Fishermen Have
i Hard Struggle With
Man-Eater.
Land Seventeen-Foot Captive
After Combat Lasting
Several Hours.*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 27.— A seventeen
foot man-eating shark was captured yes
terday morning. below, Point Reyes light
house, after a fight In which Giuseppe
Continlo and Pedro Gioli almost lost their
lives. _ Their boat was nearly swamped a
dozen times and their net was badly torn.
•The two fishermen were dragging a net
several miles below the lighthouse. When
they commenced to haul in their catch
they : discovered that they had an un
sought visitor in the net. Believing it to
be a sealion they continued to haul in.
When they had tugged and pulled for
some minutes they ; discovered that a
monster shark was giving them battle.
For several hours the combat waged
With: repeated blows with his. tail the
huge fish demolished a portion of the
boat's gunwale. After considerable toil
the men beached and killed their catch
in a neighboring cove.
It is the largest specimen of the man
eater ever, seen in those waters.
Protest From Grape-Growers.
SANTA ROSA,. Aug. 27,-Considerable
surprise is manifested among grape grow
ers over the schedule of prices for wine
grapes announced yesterday by the Cali
fornia Wine Association. In view of th»
shortage in the crop occasioned by the
'early frosts, it is claimed that the figures
do not represent the real value of the pro
duct. It is also pointed out that all the
wine" cellars are empty, practically no
wine being left on hand from last season's
output. During the past few months the
few-lots that remained in the hands of
independent producers have been eagerly
taken up at good figures, and everything
pointed to much better prices than those
just set by, the association. In all prob
ability a number of growers will refuse to
sell at the figures quoted.
General Young Visits Mare Island.
VALLEJO, Aug. 27.— The army tug Slo
cum brought Brigadier General Young
and escort to the navy yard to-day. The
Marine Band and a company of marines
under Captain "Jack" Myers received
them and they were shown every courtesy
and attention by Admiral Miller and the
officers of the yard. On leaving a salute
of thirteen guns was. fired in General
Young's honor. .
Burglars Loot Jewelry Store.
SALT LAKE, Utan, Aug. 27.— A special
to the Desert News from Provo, Utah,
says that Beck's jewelry store in that
city ¦ was entered by burglars last night,
the safe opened and $2000 worth of jewelry
and $125 in cash taken. There is no trace
of the burglars.
Fire I>estroys a Flour Mill.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 21.— A special from
Bozeman to the Inter-Mountain says the
flour mill of Nelson Story was destroyed
by fire to-day. The mill had a capacity
of 500 barrels a day and was valued at
$60,000. The fire caught from an over
heated bearing on a shaft.
BASLE, Switzerland, Augl 27.— The Chi
nese Minister to Germany, L.u Hal Houan,
has arrived here from Berlin to consult
with Prince Chung.
Chinese Notables in Conference.
THE SAN FRANCISCP^ CALL, WEDNESDAY
FLOOD OF OIL
ENDS HIS LIFE
Workman at. the Beau
mont Well Dies in
•the Spray.
BEAUMONT, Tex.", Aug. 27.— The Palea
tine-Beaumont well Is still spouting a
stream of petroleum as high as the top
of the seventy-foot derrick, and it has
added the death of another man to the
two it caused yesterday. James Smith
and John McDaniel were drowned in the
oil last night, but their fate was unheeded
by Peter Gallagher and two companions
about 2 o'clock this morning. Gallagher
went to his death in the fatal spray of
gas and oil, while his two companions
barely escaped. . ¦
Just what prompted them to go into the
spray is not known, though it is thought
they were attempting to shut the well off.
Some one saw the men go into the spray
of oil and gas and gave the alarm. Gal
lagher's companions Were dragged out
and were finally restored to conscious
ness.
F. W. Chasa, an expert submarine div
er, came in from Galveston this mornin?
bringing a diving suit with him. He
found no difficulty in staying in the spray
while encased in his diving suit, but ha
had to work slowly. : At 7 o'clock this
evening the pipe had been raised suffi
ciently to permit the unscrev/ing of a
joint. This will be done early in the
morning and the well will be then closed
without difficulty.
Killed by Fall From Horse.
FRESNO, Aug. 27. — George Buflord, 40
years eld, was found dead early thla
morning at the gate leading to his ranch
near Pollasky. His neck was broken. It
it believed that he was thrown from his
horse, sustaining the Injury that caused
his death.. V-;vJ->.
3
DB. XIUKLEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
IS -IT -AN -EPIDEMIC?-
Vital Statistics Show an Alarming
Increase in an Already Prevail-
ing Disease — Are Any
Exempt?
At no time In the history of disease has
there been such an alarming Increase in
the number of cases of any particular
malady, as in that of kidney and bladder
troubles now preying upon the people of
this country.
To-day we see a relative, a friend or an
acquaintance apparently well, and In a
few days we may be grieved to learn of
their serious illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trou-
ble— Brlzht's disease.
Kidney trouble often becomes advanced
into acute stages before the afflicted ia
aware of its presence; that is why we
read of so many sudden deaths of promi-
nent business and professional men. phy-
sicians and others. They have neglected,
to sto? the leak in time.
While scientists are puzzling their brains
to find out the cause, each Individual can,
by a little precaution, avoid the chances
of contracting dreaded and dangerous
kidney trouble, or eradicate it completely
from their system if already afflicted.
Many precious lives might have been, and
many more can yet be saved, by paying
attention to the kidneys.
It is the mission of The Call to benefit
its readers at every opportunity and,
therefore, we advise all who have any
symptoms of kidney or bladder trouble to
write to-day to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blng:-
hamton, N. -T., for a free sample bottl®
of Swamp-Root, the celebrated specific
which is having such a great demand
and remarkable success In the cure of tha
most distressing kidney and bladder
troubles. "With the sample bottle of
Swamp-Root will also be sent free a pam-
phlet and treatise of valuable informa-
tion.
The man who puts on" one of 'our
Made -to- Order
Suits at $10.00
has the satisfaction of knowing that he has
! paid the least possible price for a good, all-
i wool, durable suit. He also knows that the suit
embodies style and fashion, that the pattern is .
neat and seasonable, that the making is good
from the first snip of the shears to the last touch
of the' pressing iron.
He knows, too, that while he is wearing the
suit he is fully protected by our repairing guaran-
tee and money-back privilege.
With such assurance wouldn't you like to
order one of these suits? Wouldn't you like
to' look over cur materials and pick out' something
pleasing? , ,
A good business axiom: It's policy to buy !
when you run no risk.
Suits, for out-of-town eustomera satisfactorily made through
"' our self-measuring system. Writo for samples.
: 718 Market St, and
Cop; Powell & Eddy Sts,
fc9Sfo& 1 &** l*^ 3 \tmto grateful to yoa for vour valmbte medicine, Wine «f Cardui. It Is wonderful M§
M, \ I* •*$ end thould be broujht to all juffering women. My periods laited too long. Now they §m
>*'—¦- **\ k five become regular and have the right color. The pains are not severe and I am strong. Wj&
H£r^it*\ i^"i£1U M Tht kIindncM has left me. I feel all right and I know your medicine has cured me. K||
eL'Kj^^^ \ 3 There are many rrwre sick women than there are well onej In this city to- f|i
PS * — .^ \ J day. The duties which wifehood and motherhood impose too often break the 1|§
EL „ * '* * a 1 health yean before a woman should be past her prime. In thousands of homes ' §&&
|i^^<4»* >>?• .V 2z}M w^y moR *h brings dreadful days spent in suffering the agonies of. disordered f||
Pf menses. Nature never intended as necessary and important a function as'rnetu- |pft
f3 \ truztion to be the cause of pain. We say emphatically and positively that this suf» Jflf
|J\ H fering can be avoided There Is no excuse for racking menstrual pains when ||f
||\ Wine of Cardui, the £reat natural emmenagogue, will bring a quick cure. 1||
IK^AGirKit regulates the menstrual flow perfectly. It not only bznUhes the pain but fore- W&
V3& stalls and cures distressing case* of leucorrhoea. Every woman knows the cutting, burning pains of pf
tf fdling of the womb that shoot through the entire body. Wine of Cardui ha$ cured a million such III
§g?l cases. Thedford's Black-Draught Is a valuable laxative made to assist Wine of Cardui by regulating Ipl
||*| the bowels end invigorating it* torpid liver. No woman taking Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black- W&
fgi Draught has failed of a permanent cure of menstrual troubles when the medicines were used according Wm
HI to directions. Read again what Mrs. Garrctt wrote. Your druggist sells Wine of Cardui and Thedford's |||
fJ ¦ 5< p-or &d^lc« *nd literatur* addreis. irirln m srmptotrn, « Tha L»dl«i' Adrieofy • KW
h.% Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn, ,'¦ . > .|$»1necessary to play the full three sets be
fore the question of superiority was
settled. The winners were Miss Sutton
and McGavin, the score in their favor
being 6-8, 6-1. 6-8. The first set was the
best of the three and was productive or
the most exciting tennis seen here for a
long time. The net work of all four was
superb and called forth great applause
from the spectators. In the last two sets
Miss Sutton and McGavin Steadied down
- and won out rather handily. The features
of the match were the brilliant smashing
of McGavin and the steady and accurate
volleying of Miss , Sutton. Miss Hoffman
played a better game than 1 any one
thought her capable of. but Wiehe was
BU 1^mTs O uU P J^Tw. B. Collier beat
Mrs. Seymour and Merle Johnson, b-Vo-?*
The losers put up a game fight, but tneir
opponents were a little \ too' strong for
them. In this match Miss Sutton's fore
hand drives to the corners of the court
were truly wonderful. She rarely nets a
drive and most of them gp within a root
of the base line and are very speedy. .
tn the next match Mls3 Florence Sutton
and Grant Smith defeated Miss Ethel but
,ton and Ogden Hoffman, the score being
'6-4, 6-1. In this match the features were
the steady volleying of Miss Florence but
ton and the terrific serving of Smith. » /
The last match of the day was between
the two coast champions— Miss Miriam
Hall and George Whitney and Miss Ruby
Garland of Ojai Valley and Fred Brown
of Oakland. The champions outclassed
their opponents and won in straight sets,
the score in their favor being 6-3. 6-4. xhe
losers played a fine up-hill game and
made a very good showing against their
more skillful opponents. Mis3 Garland
played a remarkably good game in this
match and was fully as clever as Miss
Hall. Whitney was slightly off in his
overhead- work, but his ground strokes
were excellent. . '
Four handsome silver prizes have been
offered by the hotel management and will
go to the winner and runner-up.
The semi-iinal matches will be played in
the morning and the finals at 2:30 p. m.
1h the former Miss May Sutton and W.
B. Collier will play- Miss Violet Sutton
and •¦ Drummond McGavin and Miss
Miriam Hall and George Whitney will be
opposed to Miss Florence Sutton and
Grant Smith. Both matches will be very
close as the contestants are evenly
matched, especially the former teams.
Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupl made an
autopsy yesterday afternoon and . found
that, death had resulted from kidney dis
ease." The stomach was taken, out and
cent to the city chemist for the purpose
of being analyzed. The widow resides
with her sons in this city.
John D. and Charles H. McLennan . of
525 Connecticut street called upon Coroner
Leland yesterday and requested that an
autopsy be nerformed upon the body of
their father, which arrived yesterday
mcrning from Lexington, Ky.. as they
feared that he had been made thfe victim
of foul play. The dead man is Dr. J. D.
McLennan, a native of Kentucky and 57
years old. He died a few days ago in
Lexington and his family had the remains
embalmed and shipped to this city. They
told the Coroner that their father had
been traveling- in the Kast with a woman
nurse, who seemed to think a good deal
of him, and they felt that an investiga
tion as to the cause, of his death would be
in the interest of justice.
That He May Have Died From
Poisoning.
Belatives of J. J>. McLennan Suspect
CORONER TO INVESTIGATE
; DEATH OF A PHYSICIAN
WELL-KNOWN LADY TENNIS EXPERTS WHO ARE WINNING FAME
AND HONORS AT THE CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNAMENT NOW BEING"
HELD ON THE HOTEL RAFAEL COURTS.
Mrs. Mary Collins died yesterday at her
residence,: 2431 Larkih.-streeti at the ad
vanced age of 102 years: Mrs. Collins was
born in Ireland . on May 2, , 1799, and had
lived in three centuries. She has resided
In California for forty-six years and -the
immediate cause of her.death is'jrtveri as
Benllity. Mrs. Collins was an "aunt of Su
pervisor W. N. McCarthy.
Dies at the Age'of 102 Years.
: : % • ..: ,: Jt- ¦ h. ; E.
NcwTork'; ;..".....;..:. 5 10 1
Philadelphia ......;. 3 .5 .2
•Batteries— Hickman arid Warner;" Orth and
Jacklltsch.y ; Umpire— Dwyer. ' Q
'; Second • Ba.me— ' . ' R.V'- H. N -.'B.'
New' York ....*.......... 5' ¦ n 1-3
PhUadelphi£-.-.rr.'.-t.^;.'?..-...-.::..^. i 4/f s 4 1
Batteries— Taylor, ¦ Smith : and ' Warner; • bug-'
fleby and McFarland. '.Umpire— Dwyer.' ' .
r: \ h. e.
Chicago .1.;.. ....;........¦..... ......,'3 • -6 . ' 3
Cincinnati '......; 2 -7 1
: BatteriesH-Taylor and Kl'ng; Sudhoff' and
Berren.:,- Umpire— Brown. ¦ .
¦ PHILADELPHIA, Aug. ; 27.— New York took
two closely 'played 'games from' Philadelphia
to-day, n In the first game the home team was
unable to hit Hickman to. any extent. ; In the
second game the; home team held the advan
tage until-, the : ninth inning, . when -the. New
Yorks won. out on five * bunched hits. 'Attend
ance,- 2600. j Scorer-First; game: ' . \-
nings to; decide. : Kltson had the visitors' at
his mercy in the second game and 8hut them
out. He practically won his game by batting
Farrell" across, the plate with a triple. In the
sixth. Attendance, 5500. ' Score ;• . r
First same— ..• ' R. H. ' E:
Boston ....¦...................;.....'....; 3 11 1
Brooklyn"........... i\ 8 1
- Batteries' — DIneen- and . Moran; Hughes and
Farrell. Umpire— Enislie. ... . . ;, .¦¦
_-. Second came— "" : - R. " H.. E.
Boston .;...... ....1... ...".'.;... 0 6 .1
Brooklyn. ..„....' .3 8' 1
• Battetles— Pittlnser and Kl'ttredjce; Kltson
and Farrell. Umpire— Emslie. ¦¦ - : ; ¦
- CHICAGO, Aug. 27.-k?blcago • won out in the
ninth' after Cincinnati's new' pitcher had-held
them down ' to three scattered - singles in the
previous eieht inrilrigs. • Attendance, 10,000.
Score: : ; - . : -- ¦ ¦¦¦
Customs Inspector Besigns.
¦ Customs Inspector C. A. .Walker re
signed yesterday as an employe of Uncle
Sam. He seeks wealth in mercantile pur
suits. -' ¦ _. ." . ¦ : ¦ . ' ¦ . ¦
AMERICAN LEAGUE. . '.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 27.^Bernhard pitched
a steadily effective game for Philadelphia this
afternoon and but for Dolan's failure to cover
third In the fourth inning. the score would not
have been close. Attendance, 1300. Score:
£\ R.' H. E.
Chicago ..........5-8 4
Philadelphia 7 11 1
: Batteries— Callahan and Sullivan; Bernhard
and Powers. ";
BOSTON, A\ig. 27.— Cy Young won his game
to-day by batting a hot one through . Gleason
In the fifth Inning. ' Miller pitched a wonderful
game and the Infleld work of the visitors was
brilliant. Attendance, 4300., Score: ~
R. H. E.
Boston 2 7 5
Detroit- ;....... -.;... :..;..:.... ... i us
Batteries— Young and Criger; Miller and Mc-
Allister. -^. , -
j WASHINGTON, Aug. 27. -Patten,, with per
fect support,- easily shut out Cleveland to-day.
The -vlsitori made all .their? hits in the first
three; Innings. Attendance, 2000. Score: " -• ..-..
;. •" r. ¦' ii.' e.
Washington .............-...-...;..... 5 io q
Cleveland .'.'.... '...\. .,.:'.-..; 0 5 3
I Batteries— Patten and Clarke; Moore and'
Connor.- . - . ¦.-.'. . -
; BALTIMORE, Aug. 27.— The Baltimore Amer
ican League. team and the Milwaukee team
played an eleven-inning game here to-day, but
could not finish, as the game was called on ac
count of darkness. - Attendance, 1600. Score: ¦'
'¦ ¦¦>¦•' \ : .: ¦'/•-¦ .'¦ -, ; ' .' : '. ." ;R. H.-- ,e;
Baltimore ...:...... .,.....?....'...... 5 7 ¦ 0
¦ Milwaukee'.........'.;;.;;..;..;.'......' 5- n . 3
- : Batteries— Foreman and Robinson; Sparks and
Malohey. '"V' "-' - ' :
rVI-i NATIONAL/ LEAGUE. ;
PITTSBURG, Aue. 27.-Burkett, the i first
man" up*: to-day, ';. made a three-bagger 1 : and
'scored on Donovan's out; After that St. '. Louis
was \not In it. Attendance, 2S00. Score:
¦'¦¦'¦/'• ¦ > : . ' ¦¦r."-Vh.1 e.
Pittsburg ........;....'...."; ..;..; 7 .ll'-C Vii
St. Louis ...'..........;/.......;..... 1 .5; . 1
BatteVie»-Tannehlirand Yeager; Harper and
Ryan. Umpire — O'Day. . ; ., ,.¦ , . ;; -.. ,;
;! BROOKLYN, ¦ Aug. 27.'— Brooklyn won two
games -to-day : and ? passed , Philadelphia,- tak
ing second < place. ¦• Boston ; made '¦ a : warm bid
f or ; the . first • same. • which required ; twelve ln-
EASTERN" BASEBALL.
Frank George, a hasky lightweight,
mauled Ed Devlin for four rounds- ami
was given a just decision. George pum
meled his man with a will. "Fuzzy" Lit- 1 
tle subdued Joe. Pluto in less than- two
rounds. Pluto was willing and that Is all
that could be said; of his fighting.- Little
landed as often as he pleased. "Cyclone"
Kelly knocked out Tommy Retlly in less
than two rounds. Rellly was fat and un
trained. Kelly went at him In hot fashion.
I Joe Angelo and George Murphy fanned
the atmosphere for four, rounds. As An
gelo did .the. most work -he was given a
decision. Murphy imitated "Kid" > Mr-
Coy's style, but was not as effective as
that famous fancy- ringster. . •
; "Spider" Welch had an. easy time dis
posing of Willie Schdenbein. It was a
case of the spider anQ the fly. As soon as
Welch had his weak opponent inside the
roped arena he laid him low with a punch
on the jaw. 'The bout was so uneven that
the referee stopped it early, In the second.
Ihe event of the evening; was "between
Teddy Wolff and Mike Curtiri. They
fought like tigers and disregarded the
referee's injunction to "break." The bcut
went the limit and, the Judges declared '¦ it
a draw. Curtin fought foully and was
hooted. .
Barney Driscoll was : given a"" decision
over Dick Cullen after four roundd of
heavy fighting. Driscoll was the stronger
of the pair, but Cullen showed a willing
ness to mix it. 1 It was a hammer and
tongs "go" and the spectators enjoyed it
immensely. Cullen will develop into- a
clever man. ' • =. .: • ! -
Some lively bouts were presented by the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club at its month
ly boxing exhibition ' last night. There
were many knockouts and sufficient' gore
was spilled to . satisfy even the blood
thirsty. : .
Hayes Valley Athletic
Club.
Exciting Events Are Presented by
AMATEUR BOXERS TAKE
PART IN" LIVELY BOUTS
Twenty-Four-Hour Race.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Aug. 27.— John
Law6on, the "Terrible Swede," Billy
King, who won the twenty-four-hour race
at Los Angeles lapt winter, defeating
Tom Cooper. Floyd McFarland, Gus Law
son and other well-known riders, and
Charles Turvllle of ¦ Philadelphia have
been matched for a twenty-four-hour mo
tor-paced bicycle race on the Salt Palace
saucer-track, the race to take place next
Monday, Labor day. The men - will be
allowed to ride behind shields and must
go 300 miles or over to get part of the
money. They will start at 8 p. m., and
with favorable weather conditions it Is
believed that a new world's record for the
distance -will be made on the track, which,
already holds many world's records. - V
St. Joseph's Parish Picnic
Great preparations are being made I for
St_ j Joseph's parish picnic ¦which takes
place at Schuetzen Park on Labor day-
September 2. There will be 200 handsome
grate and game prizes distributed during
the day. The games committee is com
posed of T. EX Treacy. Frank Schilling-,
E. C. Curtis, C. lu. Asmussen, J. Lawlor,
P. O'Connor, P. Prendergast, J. McGulre,
T. T. Otis. J. J. fowling and J. Walsh.
McHenry was. 40 years old. No one of
his companions seems to be able to ex
plain why he failed to hear and heed the
warning signals. The body was removed
to the Morgue and an inquest will be held.
' Attaches of the circus who witnessed the
accident informed the Coroner's deputies
that the locomotive whistle blew and the
bell rang before reaching the spot where
McHenry was struck.^
"George McHenry, an employe • of Ring
lings' ' circus, was instantly killed, at 6:15
o'clock yesterday morning by being' run
over by the 6:10 train from San Jose. Mc-
Henry slept in the, circus cars ' side
switched on Harrison street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth streets, and was
crossing a the . track going , to breakfast
when the passenger train came along and
struck him. , ' ' '. • -
Under the Wheels of the San
. Jose Local:
Circus Attache McHenry Dragged
KILLED INSTANTLY BY
A PASSENGER TRAIN
. The team will practice every day , until
the day prior to their contest, when the
eight having the highest scores will com
pose the team proper and tHe other two
will^be the alternates.
Following is the personnel of the team,
including two alternates: H. M. Bell, O.
W. Cookson, W. M. Farrow,- H. H. I^elzear
and Joseph ,B. Young of the D. C. N. G.;
John Malcom. W. B. Martin. C. II. Spring
stead and W. Y: Whlttemore, N. G. N. J.;
G. C. Shaw. U. S. V.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— The American
team of rifle-shooters who will meet the
Canadian sharpshooters on September 5 at
Seagirt, N. J., in the contest for the Amer
ican Centennial Palm trophy, which is
really the championship of tho world, was
picked to-day by Brigadier General, Bird
W. Spencer, president of the National
Rifle Association of America.
Alternates Are Selected for
the Annual Contests. ..
Personnel Is Determined Upon and
AMEEICAN BIFLE TEAM
PICKED FOE. COMPETITION
This is the firs,t mixed doubles for the
championship of- the coast and is a suc
cess in every way. The ten teams entered
are composed of the best players in the
State and consequently the matches were
close and very high class. '
The Sutton sisters were again very
much in evidence as three of the four en-
The "preliminary rounds of the mixed
doubles tournament were played down to
the semi-finals. As a result of. the day's
play four of the ten teams entered are
left to struggle for the championship to
morrow. In one half of the semi-finals
are Miss Violet Sutton and Drumraoml
McGavin and Miss May Sutton and W.
B. Collier, in the other, half are Miss
Miriam Hall and George Whitney and
Miss Florence Sutton and Grant Smith.
women's tennis championship
tournament. It was an ideal day for ten
nis and ' the players were less distressed
by the heat than on the opening day.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 27.— A large
crowd was on hand to-day at the
courts of the Hotel Rafael to wit
ness the second day's play of the
In the second match of this round Miss
M. Seymour and J. Hoffman were opposed
to Miss Ethel Sutton and O. Hoffman.
The latter ' rather outclassed their op
ponents and took the match by the score
of 6-3, 6-3. The first match of the lirst
round was by far the best of the Oay.
Drummond McGavin, the University of
California player, and Miss Violet Sutton
were pitted against Harry Wiehe of Stan
ford and Miss ¦ Alice Hoffman. It was
The first match of the preliminary
round was between Mrs. Kincaid and R.
N. Whitney and Mrs. Seymour and Merle
Johnson. The former were strong fa
vorites,- but their opponents surprised the
on-lookers by winning the match In
straight seta. The score in favor of Mrs.
Seymour and Johnson was 8-6, 6-3., Whit
ney was slightly off in his game', 'while
Johnson and Mrs. Seymour were at their
best. •¦ . '
tered are s.UU,ln-the flgrht. , Miss Violet
Sutton was the star and figured in the
closest and most exciting match of the
day. Her work at the net was strong and
accurate. Iri doubles Miss Violet is very
little behind her sister May. The latter
played but one match, but her play was
even better than' on the previous day.
2:14 pace, purse $2000 — Council Chimes won
the second, third and fourth heats. Best time,
2:09%. Captain Sphinx won the first .heat in
2:10^4. Armorel, Reckless, Louise G, Gambit
and Cousin Madge also started.
?:19 class pace. Park Brewery stake, J10.000—
Audubon Boy won in three straight heats in
2:O8V>. 2:06. 2:O6:,4. Sphinx S, Sophia. Daphne
Dalks, John T, Divolo, Star Pugh, Tom Cal
houn, Fred S, 'Wedgewood, Jack Harding,
Ambulator, Torita F, Stacker Taylor, Emma
If. Pussy Willow and Carmine also started.
2:14 class trotting, purse J1200, three in five —
Easter won three straight heats. Best time,
2:12%. Marique, Leola, Sphinx Lassie, Wilque,
Laureatta, Hylic Bard, Debut, Handspring,
lva Dee end John Hoop also Btarted.
PROVIDEKCE. R. 1-. Aug. 27.— Scott Hudson
of Lexing-ton, Ky., drove Audubon Boy in the
Park Brewery $10,000 etake for 2:10 pacers at
Narragansett > Park this afternoon and won in
three straight heats, and after the race it was
announced that the horse had been purchased
by James Ilanley of this city.
Audubon Boy had to go fast to win the b!g
purse, and he made a new record of 2:06 flat
In the second heat, while the third was only
half a second slower. Summary:
Providence.
and Six Seconds Flat at
Makes a New K«cord of Two Minutes
AUDUBON BOY WINS
IN" STRAIGHT HEATS
SARATOGA. N. T.. Aug. 27.-Results:
First race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Astor won, Asqulth second. Cogswell third.
Time, 1:43 2-5.
Second race, seven lurlor.ge, handicap—'
Knight of Rhodes won, Bellario second. Poli
tician third. Time. 1:27 3-5.
Third rac«, the Champteln. one mile and an
eighth— Hockton won. Decanter eeeond, Klnni
klnnic third. Time. 1:54 2-5.
Fourth race, five furlongs, eeUlnr— Eddie
Busch won,- Ilonolulu • second, Swalbe third.
Time, 1:01 S-5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards—
.Agnes D won, Fam Phillips second, lAdy.
Chorister third. Time, 1:46 1-5.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Results:
First race, one znll*. maidens— Elmer -li won,
Virginia "Wilcox Eeeond, El Fonse third. Time,
1:«6*4. ¦
Second race, five and a. half furlongs—Thros
tle won, ii&rgis eeeond, Eanta Theresa third.
• Time. 1:0914. ! • . . . •
Third race, one mll» t and. twenty yards—Her
na&do iron, strangest' second. Brutal third.
iTime. lsi.4. •: : f
, Fourth race, five furlongs— Elsie ti won. Jack
Ratlin eeeond. Miracle II third. Time, l:03&
. Fifths race, eix furlongs, selling— St. Cuth
•bert won. King Belli s second. Admonition
'third. Time, 1:15%.
Sixth race, one mile, and an. eighth. Belling—
OSner won. Frangible 'second* Tammany. Chief
third. Time, 1:£7M;,
ST, JX)UIS, Aug. ST.— Klnloch Fark.xeBUltst
"First ratev oat mile anfl, . uventr " yarfla—
¦ Cboros Boy^on. Hyjo «econd, Myra J&orells,
third. Time, l:46»i.
Second race, fire furlongs— St«21a Perkins
won; Arlrato eeeond, Pretorious third. Time,
l*J2.
Third race, rtx furlongs— Hop Scotch 'won.
Hunting" eecond. Bo'-ndlee third. Time. 1:16.
. Fourth race, one mile— Love's liabor, won,
¦\V. J3. Gates- eeeond. Dan. Paxton third. Time,
1:42. .-
Fifth race, 'six furlongs, selling— Wttle^Scout
¦won Eva's- Darling -second, JCyx third. Time,
lMB'i.
ST. .tiOTTIS. .Aug. 27.— Delmar ¦ Park results;
•First race, and a half furlongs, purse
Ijynca.'won, Jigger second, I/dfly Clarlk third.
Time, :SVA.
Second race, elx furlongs. Belling— Grandma
II won. Metoxen eecond. Brigand Queen third.
Time, l-.iif'.i-
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Ben
Kempstead won. John Storm second, Si^Igurtba,
third. Time. :57%.
Fourth race, one mile— Prior won. Fltzkanet
second Empyreal third. Time 1:*2U.
Fifth jaize. six furlongs, selling — Ben Frost
won, Ed L. second, ilena B third. Time, 1:14%.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling-
Swordsman won, Barrica second. Orris third.
Tine. IUHL
BUTTE, 2Iont.. JLug. 27.— Results:
First race, six furlongs — Onyx won, Anto
uius setond. Government third. Time, 1:16.
Second race, five furlongs-flourish won,
Huachuca second. Pirate Maid third. Time,
1:01%
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Honest
Jobn wen. At&ta t> second Lady Contrary third.
Time, :W!i.
Fourth race, mile snd a sixteenth— Nobleman
v.-on Sylvan Lass second, Kenova third. Time,
1:4S •
Fifth race, elx furlongs — Sweet Caporal won,
George H. Ketcham second. Lucy "Whit* third.
Time, 1:15.
Sixth race," ceven furlongs— Guilder won,
Kegalong Becond. Jim Brownell third. Time,
1:31.
Seventh race, five and a Jialf furlongs — Jf ed
Dennis won, Katie Gibbons second, Blanche
Sheppard third. Time, 1:OS.
FORT ERIE, Ont. Aug. 27.— Summary: . .
First race, five and a. half furlongs—Chair
man won. Harthman eecond. Lauderdals third.
Time, l:CSfi.
¦ Second race, four and a half furlongs—Tax
ir.an won. J. Patrick second. Sliver Chimes
third. Time, :5€»i.
Third race, Blx furlongs — Ertma won, .|3py
second. Albula. third. Time. 1:14U-
Fourth race, five furlongs— Papermaker won,
Flintlock second. Viviani third. Time, 1:02%.
Fifth race, one mile— Branch won. Rush
fields second, Dick Warren third. Time. 1:42%.
Sixth race, peven furlongs — Lady Ellver won.
Prince cf Africa second, Mr. Pomeroy third.
Time, 1:29. - - - -
Audubon Boy Makes a New:
Record in Pacing at Prov
idence Track.
Winners of the Events at;
Saratoga, Chicago, St.
Louis and Butte.
RUNNING RACES
EAST AND WEST
SPORT5 ON THE TENNIS COURTS, TRACK AND OCEAN WAVE
SHAMROCK GOES
OUT FOR A SPIN
Yachting / Experts Say
She x ls a Wonder
..• fill Boat.
Most Dangerous Craft That
y*p Has Come Over From
England.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Tbe Shamrock
II was given a good long spin to-day
both inside and outside -the Hook. She
was tried in windward work and broad
and close reaching. In fact the chal
lenger was given everything except a
spinnaker run in a breeze that sometimes
piped up to twelve knots and at no time
was under eight knots. The good opin
ion of her speed, merits and ability to
carry canvas was emphasized. ¦•••
Many yachting experts who saw her
performance call her a, wonderful boat.
All say she is the most dangerous vessel
that has ever come over the waters hunt
ing for America's cup. She had life ia
her every movement. She gathers way
with remarkable - rapidity, is quick ia
stays, points high, stands up under a tre
mendous spread of canvas and is a de
cided improvement over the other Sham
rock. The only new sail tried to-day was
her large club topsaiL It was a revela
tion to those who saw it. It appears much
larger than the topsails on the Columbia
ana Constitution. It extends rUrther out
over the gaff and runs up higher above
the topmast. It is said that tne distance
from the- boot of the mast to the top of
the topsail club is over 190 feet. The sail
sheets out very well and there is less
looseness along the head than on either of
the American boats.
Sir Thomas Lipton was on board during
tho entire trial and seemed much pleased
with her showing. "This Is the twentieth
spin which the boat has had," said he,
"including her races on the other side.
She is improving all the time and I am
more pleased with her to-day than ever
before. If she does not carry back the
cup the American boat that beats her
may well inspire pride in your people."
A notable feature of the day was the
constartt saluting which the challenger
received from ocean steamers down, to tha
smallest launches.
Stinson Wins at Boston.
BOSTOX, Aug. 27.— A punctured tire, of
Harry Elkes' wheel was the chief factor
in his defeat by Will Stinson in their
one-hour motor-paced race at Charles
River Park to-night. Up to the time of
the accident the pace had been very fast
and Stinson made new records from, six
to fourteen miles inclusive. In the hour
Stinson rode 38 miles 1049 yards and
Kikes 38 miles 30 yards. Stinson's time
for 33 miles was 5^:03 2-5. The new rec
ords made by Stinson follow:
Miles. Time. Miles. Time.
6 9:06V, 11 18:28.3-5
7 10:34 12 .-17:53
3 12:01»i 13 19:33 2-5
9 13:29 3-; 14 21:06 4-5
Money for Steeplechasers.
The steeplechaser and hurdle horse will
again be recognized by the New Califor
nia Jockey Club. For some years past this
branch of the sport has been tabooed by
the Oakland association.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. said yesterday
that his club had revoked the rule be
cause of the popularity of these event3 in
the Kast, and besides a number of promi
nent owners signified their intention of
shipping strings here If Jumping races
were again given a place on the card.
Trout for the Sierra Nevada.
REDDING, Aug. 27. — A shipment of
90,000 young trout was made on Tuesday
morning from the State hatchery in Sisson
for Truckee and Cisco, where they will be
distributed among the streams of the
Sierra Nevada.
SINGLING BROTHERS CIRCUS
ATTRACTS A LARGE CROWD
The Canvas City at Sixteenth and
Folsom Streets Proves a Popu
*¦'*/£. lar Resort.
The military band at the circus promises
to make an impression In San Francisco
which it will take a liberal stretch of time
to obliterate. The canvas city in which
RIngling Bros, have established them
selves during their stay In San Francisco
was crowded to the limit last night, and
everybody went away well primed for tfca
kind of conversation which will tend to
keep up the popularity of thl3 really big
show. •
The vaudeville performance is good and
was well received, but what seemed to ba
appreciated most of anything — that is,
outside of the elephant herd— was the
equestrian entertainment. The horses are
shapely, full of life and show in their
bearing that pride of ancestry of which
Historian James Jay Brady has written so
much. The riders are clever, graceful and
daring and the whole performance is of
the kind dear to the heart of every Cali
fornian.
New features will be Introduced at
every performance and the Ringilngs may
expect crowded canvas as long as they
stay in the city.
jSIeCabe Sues Controller.
E. D. McC&be has sued for a writ of
mandate to compel State Controller Col
gan to audit his demand against the State
Treasury for $200 for services rendered as
a member of the Commission of Building'
and Loan Associations of the State of
California. McCabe avers that Colgan re
fused to audit his demand for services
rendered during the month of July. 1901
for any greater sum than $106 65, leaving
a balance duev>i!cCabe alleges, of $33 Si
The case wl»T>e heard by Judge Sea weli
September 6.
Longshoreman Injured.
Charles "Wilson, while employed loading
a ship at the Nevada dock, above Port
Costa, was struck by a sack of wheat and
in falling to the deck broken his right lesr
Peterson's launch was telephoned for and
the lniured man -was brought here. He
was taken to St. Mary's Hospital.
THE SAN iFK AOVCisCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28, 190^.
fliss May button and W. B. Collier, Hiss Violet Sutton and Drummohd ncQayin, MissMirlam
Hall and George Whitney and J*liss Florence Sufton and Grant Smith Left in Tournament
LADY AND GENTLEMEN PLAYERS ARE HARD AT WORK
ON THE TENNIS COURTS AND REACH SEMI-FINAL5
4
W& After each bottle of Schlitz beer is filled and sealed Fl*]
1«1 . filtered. It seems impossible for a' taint of impurity to Oj
Illl We add vastly to the necessary- cost of our beer to gFrt§
g|| assure it. You who drink it get the healthful results of Frj
precaution. .Your physician knows;' ask him. -im
yjsj 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., Saa Francisco. EkI
ilii [very Bottle Sterilized EBSai
HI- Ml ill ffi®P®«&$zffi& MMB&&
Is^ff^* 65^!/ *^&^i^^ re P e2t - They don't jam, catch, or fail td extract. In a
ly '*-«k %P^ word, they are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
' •Vv&tAtrS^ 1 r^ es are ma^ e in *^ desirable calibers, weights, and
|i|jy«^ /^>*|Sg?=;! styles; and are plain, partially or elaborately orna-
/ ciiSif/iilP mented, suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
'0^^^^^M y&fnchester £kmtnunHi(m
SJ5|«jgl^ySI^^3 is made for all kinds of shooting in all kinds of guns.
Rj^^jLJSS?,^ 'SIlIm'vS FREE — Send ncjne and address on postal for our 164-page catalogue.
B3Ji«&W3%*«^Ii| f*r£59 U/mnUCCTCD DCnCATIJJO ADUC Pfl 418-420 Market St.,
BJJI^^SSl^SII WINGHESltn REPEATING AnmS CO., San Francisco, Cal,BERKELEY, .- Aug. ¦ '27.— Two . union
¦ioiimsters, Harry Hansen and George
Meyers, were called from the wagons of
the- People's Express Company in this
city this morning ' by walking delegates
from the Oakland Teamsters' Union. J.
W. Blaln, general secretary of. the com
pany, . j and two non-union teamsters,'
George Suffrein and A. Fortler, drove the
wagons to-day. When the delegates ; ar
rived Blain' feared trouble and summoned
Marshal Kerns . for protection. No vio-
Ip.nca waa dona.
Union Men- Ordered Out.
Civil Service Examinations.
.'The Civil Service Board will. hold exam
inations for chief sanitary inspector of
the Health Department on Tuesday. Sep
tember 17. and for chief food Inspector. on
September 19. The test Includes general
knowledge of duties, writing • of % reports
and experience. BMHinKI
:' Aside from the appointment of 114 spe
cial- police " officers, little ; business was
transacted last night by the Police Com
missioners. The appointments were . di
vided as .follows::. Curtin's .' Detective
Agency, ; 92; , McNab & Smith, 13; i miscel
laneous, 9. ' Permits to carry concealed
weapons ' were granted , to , seventy-three
applicants, among whom were . George L.,
C, J.,L/~arid Hugh Kelly, four. brothers
who recently came from the East to take
the place of - strikers and who were at
tacked on- Third street shortly after their
arrival. Chief of Police Sullivan reported
the --suspension- of '- Police Officer ¦ J. . "W.
Scott. He .will probably be- tried at the
next meetinff of the board. ,
More Special Officers ApP°inted-
Shipwrights and Calkers' Union. Xo.
9162, decided at its meeting-Monday night
to participate In . the Labor day parade,
the penalty for non-appearance being
placed at $1. Edward i Case and George
Qulgley were elected delegates to the
Union Labor party .. convention, with
Thomas Burns as alternate. *
Shipwrights to Parade.
C. Carlson.-a miner from Dawson, who
arrived here Monday on the St. Paul, was
set upon by three men, evidently strikers,
on Mission street yesterday ' and , badly
beaten. Carlson, who has been rooming at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel .on. Fifth; street
since his arrival, left the hotel yesterday
afternoon, intending to. go sightseeing.
When but a short distance from the. hotel
he was approached by three men, one of
whom asked him where* he was from and
what he was doing. . He told ; the ques
tioner that he was from Dawson and was
only taking a walk about the city. One of
the'tiio called him a liar and struck him
and then the other two joined in the at
tack. Carlson managed to find his way
back to the hotel, where his wounds were
dressed.
Miner Mistaken for Non-TJnion Man,
At the meeting of the sub-committee
last night v reports were received from
forty-five unions, all agreeing to take part
in the parade. All the brass bands In the
city are expected lto be in line. A | meet
ins of the general committee will be held
this morning, when details of the big dem
onstration will be considered.
The general committee of the Labor day
celebration met yesterday and selected
Walter Macarthur, editor of the Coast
Seaman's Journal, as president of the day.
The following sub-committee 1 to take
charge of the parade arrangements was
appointed: M. W. Coffey, C. S. Straub, M.
J. Fitzsimmons, L. Berg and W. Roberts.
Michael Casey was made chairman of the
committee and grand marshal of the par
ade. ' . ' ¦
Many Unions Will Parade.
Dr. "W. P. Lawlor.is almost sur© of a
good berth In the public service— not as
good, a one, however, as Superintendent
of the Ukiah Asylum for the Insane, but
one that, can be classed . as '' acceptable.'
The story Is current that the trustees of
the California Home for the Care and
Training of Feeble Minded Children have
resolved, to remove Dr. A. E. Osborne,
the present Superintendent, and appoint
Dr Lawlor to the office. The trustees are
John T. Harrington of Colusa, Robert A.
Poppe of Sonoma, John D. Mackenzie of
Santa Clara and- Thomas P. Rooney and
Herbert F. Dugan of San Francisco. It
is said that the board will hold a meeting
early in September and displace Dr. Os
borne According to the Blue Book the
compensation of the Superintendent is
$2400 per annum. ; ". • 2
Dr Lawlor fancied* for awhile that he
was slated for the position of Medical Su
perintendent of the Ukiah Asylum, which
office is worth $3000 per annum, but some
thing happened which caused a change of
programme in this regard. The new. trus
tees of the Feeble Minded Home are
Messrs/ Rooney and Dugan of this city
and • Johnny Mackenzie San Jose. It
i3 common talk among the politicians that
Dugan and Rooney are Democrats. Mac
kenzie is a Herrin ; Republican, formerly
an understudy of Jim Rea. ;.¦'
The Democratic County Committee, rep
resenting the McNab and Phelan elements
of the local Democracy, has decided that
the Municipal Convention of the party,
shall convene on the last Saturday of Sep-
e Tne er Republican local ': convention will
meet September 16 and; probably, adjourn
to meet again one week or ten days later.'
Delegates to the Union Labor Party
Convention will meet September 6. Vigor
ous opposition to ,i the nomination of ~ a
ticket by the convention . is, expected.
Another scheme for the Introduction of a
labor ticket 5 has been devised by certain
manipulators.- ¦ '¦:
There will be a meeting of the directors
of ' the ¦ Republican -f Primary League at
headquarters, Baldwin ; Annex, 930 Market
street, s to-morrow ..evening.^ Questions
touching the policy of ' the league ¦ In the
forthcoming- campaign will be discussed.
The i clerical force of the ¦ league \ is ¦; en
gaged in preparing a list of the Democrats
in' the various i i Assembly >' districts who
voted I for | Republican delegates , at the re
cent primary : election. ." The, enrollment of
membership in the league.; continues.
There was a meeting last -night of the
The unfortunate woman was the daugh
ter of J. W.:,West, who at one time was
the proprietor of a number of candy stores
.in- this city. -She was well known -In
theatrical circles at one time. . .
1 When the room was searched after her
death had been discovered evidence waa
found that showed she had planned to end
her. existence. . Before taking the poison
she had read a, number of old love letters,
from a man who signed himself F. D.
Foster and gave his address as 114 Mc-
Allister street; After reading them she
had tried to burn them. They were found
half burned In the grate in her room.
Miss West, who was also known as
Mrs. Perkins, returned here from China a
month ago, but did not make her presence
known until last Saturday, when she
rented the room in which she ended her
life. She received several visits from her
mother, who resides here.
Grace West committed suicide In a room
at the Maison Alladlo, corner of Geary
street and Grant avenue, yesterday by
taking a dose of cyanide of potassium.
Before swallowing the poison she ordered
a bottle of beer and requested the waiter
who brought it to her room to see that
she was not disturbed, as she 'was tired
and sick. That was the last seen of her
until several hours later, when she was
found stretched out on the bed, lifeless.
The latest name -added to the list of
prospective Republican candidates for
Mayor is that ; of Reuben • H. > Lloyd. At
this time he is In Louisville,. attending the
Triennial Conclave < of Knights Templar.
His most intimate friends assert that he
will not allow his name to be presented
to the convention. Hfil
Thirty-ninth District delegation to the Re
publican Convention. Delegates represent
ing the • Fortieth District , will meet this
afternoon.; ;•¦¦,. ¦ ,. . .
After the officials ¦ had labored for ¦ ex
actly three hours the ' task of 1 counting
the money and resacking.it was com
pleted., The coin coincided with the books
to a cent. The total- amount was $1,536,
901 43, of which $1,000,000 waa consigned to
the joint custody safe, which can only be
opened by the > Auditor and Treasurer
jointly. •
With the wisdom born of experience
from the ¦¦ ,\Vidber - defalcation, 'Which,
might have • been prevented If the coin
had been actually counted . Instead of
"hefted," his Honor v directed that the
mint seals be broken on all the sacks and
weighed on the scales Instead of by hand,
as formerly. Heretofore a mint seal was
regarded as Indisputable evidence that the
contents of a sack were: correct, but the
Dlmmlck affair has changed all that. A
number-. of • the', sacks .were -lacking in
weight on account of the wear in handling
the coins. Several $10,000 sacks were short
$100 according to weight, and these .were
dumped out and counted s by hand. -.The
money was found to be- correct, 'the ap
parent* loss being caused by abrasion. The
seals of • the Auditor : and Treasurer were
then placed on the sacks after they were
filled with $20,000 in gold or J1000 In silver. -
The charter requires that the'-cbln shall
be put Into sacks of $20,000 In gold or $1000
in silver. With that object In view the
Mayor, Auditor Wells . and Treasurer
Brooks, aided by several husky, clerks, be
gan ; the task of ¦ resacking- the gold and
silver yesterday . afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Foreman Symmes of the Grand Jury was
also present to see that the charter pro
visions were complied with.
Mayor Phelan has been subjected to so
much unfavorable criticism for using the
"hefting" process in counting the money
in the city treasury that yesterday .when
the coin was again , counted . he decided
to change his tactics and to ascertain in
the proper manner If It was all therel . •
Andrew Pierson, residing at 789 Mission
street, was attacked at Fifth and Howard
streets by strikers and badly beaten about
the head and face. Dr. McElroy, who at
tended to his injuries, found It necessary
to use twelve stitches to. close a gash on
his forehead which must have been in
flicted by a sharp Instrument In the hands
of one of his assailants. • { V
H. Buck was attacked by strikers at
Fourth and Berry streets yesterday morn-
Ing at 10 o'clock. Buck, who has been a
machinist at the Western Sugar Refinery
for the last ten years, waa on his way
into the city, when six men sprang out at
him from behind a lumber pile at the
crossing of the streets mentioned. Before
Buck had time to defend himself he was
knocked down by a blow on the Bide of
the head and while lying prostrate on tho
ground he was beaten about the head,
face and body • in such a manner as • to
necessitate his removal to the Emergency
Hospital, where Dr. McElroy found sev
eral contused wounds on his head and
body, besides lacerated wounds of the
face and a dislocated nose.
Attacks "Upon Non-Union Men.
¦ Four shots fired In rapid succession at
tracted a large crowd at * the corner * of
Turk and Jones streets last night about
11 .o'clock. It Is not known who it was
that used the pistol, though several peo
ple who arrived on the scene shortly after
the first shot was fired claimed that the
shooting ' had been, done by a man who
accompanied by a •woman, wag walkfnr
up Turk street. The cause of the shooting
could not be learned.
D. E. Patterson, 'a union sailor, got into
an altercation with a number of Italians
in a saloon at the ' corner of Broadway
and Hinckley alley last night and one of
them, he claims, shot him In the leg. The
bullet was extracted at the Harbor Hos
pital. Patterson says the Italians first
attacked him with knives and that when
he ran they fired four shots at him, one
of which brought him to the ground. The
Italians, he claimed, had- just returned
from Port • Costa, where they, had been
employed loading vessels.
Revolvers "Used Freely.
Grace West, Daughter of.
a Candy Merchant,
Takes Poison.
Actual Count of Money
in City Treasury by
Officials.
borne From Feeble-
Minded Home.
Scheme to Oust ; Os-
ENDS HER LIFE
IN RESTAURANT
PLACE IS FOUND
FOR DR. LAWLOR
MAYOR ABANDONS
HEFTING SYSTEM
Bolls and Royerson were at once made
targets fpr a shower of rocks and other
missiles and when they turned around to
see who their assailants were they were
attacked by the six men with clubs and
severely beaten. Their assailants then
left them. One of the weapons was left
behind. It Is a rubber bumper used on
railroad cars with the leg of a chair
forced through its center as a handle.
Bolls picked it up- and it Is now in the
possession of Captain Seymour. It is cov
ered with blood. Both men were taken
to their homes and Royerson. who was
badly cut on the scalp and otherwise In
jured, required medical attendance. A
telephone message was sent to the North
End police station and Policemen Murphy
and Cochrane were sent to the scene, but
they could get no clew to the assailants.
A murderous assault was made Monday
evening by strikers upon Frank Bolls and
J. Royerson, foremen in the Joshua Hen
dy Machine Works, on Fremont street.
They quit that evening and boarded a
Union-street car at Montgomery avenue
for their homes. Bolls lives at 3018 Bu
chanan street and Royerson at 2132 Union
street. Six strikers boarded the car at
the same time and when the car reached
Buchanan street Bolls and Royerson left
It and so did the strikers.
Machine Shop Foremen Beaten.
DBYDOCK LABOHEES QTJIT.
Machinist Strikers Said to Be Among
the Number.
Eighty-five men employed in excavating
for the new drydock j at Hunter's Point
went on strike at noon Monday because
non-union piledrivers were put to work
In conjunction with them.
The strikers are non-union men, but
they quit mainly out of sympathy with
the water front 6trike, though the im
mediate cause was that the new employes
would crowd their sleeping quarters and
some of them would be compelled to give
up their bunks to the newcomers.
The men were employed by J. W. Mc-
Donald, head of the City Front Improve
ment Company, and manager of the dock
at Hunter's Point.
When the men notified McDonald of
The Shipowners' Association is an organiza
tion composed of owners and managers of sail
ing vessels and steam schooners, ¦ all chiefly
engaged in coastwise trade. Its object is "the
protection and Improvement of the shipping in
terests of the Pacific Coast," and it has taken
no active hand In the present controversy as
yet. It has been in existence about eight
years and has devoted its attention mainly to
securing and shipping crews for the vessels
owned by its members • (always avoiding and
prohibiting the charging of shipping fees to
seamen) : to making up accounts for vessels
and paying off crews. During the past five
years no seaman has been asked as • to his
membership or non-membership in the union
and absolutely no discrimination has been
shown between union and non-union sailors
when crews have been employed by the asso
ciation. No opposition to unions or unionism
as such has entered into the work of the as
sociation in the ! past. For more ¦ than two
years last past there have been no differ
ences affecting tho relations between the as
sociation and the union , excepting one and
that one difference Is the same upon which
the present conflict is being waged i. e the
union demanded and insisted that ho man be
employed upon any vessel who was not a
member of the union, while the association
uniformly refused to be dictated to In that
particular.. The association stands firmly In
the Fame position now upon that proposition
and believes that in doing. so it is right. It
believes that men are men whether they be
members of a union or not and at the same
time it has never denied the right of any man
to belong to a union or refused to- employ
any man because of his membership. R c .
spectfully, CHAS. E. NAYLOR, .
Attorney and Secretary Shipowners' Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast. •
A statement appears to the effect that the
Shipowners' Association had a delegation of
its members or a committee out seeking con
ciliatory methods of ending the strike and
stating, that "the shipowners talked to indi
vidual members of various unions suggesting
the desirability of bringing the strike- to an
end," etc.. etc. There has been confusion
somewhere ; some other organization must be
referred to, because the Shipowners' Associa
tion has had no such a delegation or commit
tee doing such. or any work in the direction
of ending the strike by mediation.
To the Editor of Tha Call— D«ar Sir: An er
ror occurs in one of the morning dailies which
appears to make it .necessary that the Ship
owners' Association state its attitude in the
present labor crisis. ¦ . • ¦• ¦
The following communication explains
the attitude of the Shipowners* Associa
tion in the' present' labor controversy and
denies that.' the^' association seeks to-be
come a niedlatbF: ' £* '" T • ~ • > • .^
Crisis Is Explained.
Association's Attitude in Present
SHIPOWNERS NOT MEDIATORS.
Attorney Coffey in his final argument
characterized Koote's speech as a play to
the "gallery" and an appeal to the pas
sions and prejudices of the mob. He said
he had studiously kept himself to the legal
aspect of the case and he denounced
Foote's speech as inflammatory.
The Judge said he was still of the same
mind, but he would read carefully the
authority quoted by Attorney Coffey and
give his decision this morning. He ex
pressed his regret that Foofe had referred
to the remarks made by Captain Witt
man, as it was a matter solely for him
self and had no bearing upon the case.
W. W. Foote, attorney for the prosecu
tion. In his reply, advised the strikers to
arm themselves, and if policemen used
their clubs on them to shoot them. He
characterized the special officers of Cur
tin's detective agency as "hired thugs and
assassins." He denied that a police officer
was clothed with discretion of a judicial
character. He argued that no ground for
a new trial had been advanced. He was
inclined, he said, at first that a nominal
fine Ehould be imposed upon the defend
ant, but after the remarks made by a su
perior officer of the defendant regarding
the Judge's decision he would Insist upon
a severe punishment. If the courts, he
said, would do their duty it would do
more to stop the strife among strikers
and non-union men than anything else.
It was the instructions given the police
men by their superiors that fomented
strife between the strikers and non-strik
ers.
Attorney Joseph Coffey for the defend
ant opened the argument. He said he
asked for a new trial on the ground that
the verdict and decision of the court were
contrary to the law and evidence; also
that the court erred on a question of law,
to which he took exception at the time.
He contended that Maddison refusing to
move on when requested to do so became
a violator of the law. The others had dis
persed when asked to do so and Maddison
alone stood his ground, defying the offi
cer. The police, he claimed, had a right
to use force to suppress riotous conduct,
as they were clothed with discretion of a
judicial character when a riot was, immi
nent. He also argued that the Judge had
erred in not permitting him to produce
evidence of previous riotous conduct on
the part of strikers at the place where the
battery was committed, which was the
reason why the defendant and other offi
cers had been detailed there to protect
life and property, and he quoted a decision
in the Ohio courts to sustain his argu
ment.
The motion for a new trial in the case
of Policeman O. H. Knight, convicted by
Judge Cabaniss on the charge of battery
upon James Maddison. a striker, was ar
gued before the Judge yesterday after
noon, and the Judge reserved his decision
till this morning, although intimating that
he was of the seme mind still. The court
room was crowded with strikers, but no
demonstration was made.
fend Themselves.
"W. W. Foote Advises Strikers to De-
CASE OF POLICEMAN KNIGHT.
The members of the Sailors' Union re
ceived their second payment of the strike
benefit yesterday. The members who
have homes were given the $3 to which
they are entitled, while the money due
those who live in boarding-rhouses was
paid over to the landlords who provide
for them. , .'
The firemen and crew of the St. Paul
left the vessel yesterday morning. They
reported at union headquarters and were
given strike cards.
The usual amount of work was done on
the water front yesterday. Considerable
interest was evinced in the unloading of
the Coronado at Broadway wharf. Her
load of lumber was being taken oft by the
captain 'and mate and the two sons of the
owner of the vessel.
Albert Wlnslow, a union man, and Mar
tin Schwartz, a non-union man, were ar
rested on Howard street- by Officer M.
de la Guerra :or disturbing the peace.
Schwartz claimed that he had been at
tacked by several men. one of whom was
Winslow. The latter stated that he saw
Schwartz put his hand. in his hip pocket
as, if to draw a weapon and that he only
grappled with him to prevent a shooting.
Walter Reed, a colored man who ar
rived here recently from Virginia, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Officer J.
P. Hlghtower at the corner of East and
Howard; streets and charged at the Har
,bor Police station with assault to mur
'der. In defending himself against an at
tack made on him by four men he drew
a revolver and discharged it at them. The
shot did not take effect. Robert McDon
ald, who, it is alleged, was one of the at
tacking party, claimed that the negro
aimed his revolver at him. Reed claims
that he did not try to hit any one, but
merely fired to one side to scare the men
who were beating him.
Five strikers set upon Andrew Patter
son, a non-union man,' at the corner of
Beale and Folsom streets .early yesterday
morning and beat him so severely that it
was feared that death would ensue. He
was treated at the Harbor Hospital for a
fractured nose, lacerated wounds of the
face and head and numerous contusions
of the body. After having his wounds
dressed he was removed by friends to
the Waldeck Sanatorium. The»men who
attacked Pattterson lay in wait behind
an immense tank on Beale 'street and
when he had passed jumped on him.
Death.
Non-Union Man Is Beaten Almost to
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
"I was hired In New York by an agent
of the Union Iron Works, who told me
that there had been a strike out here. In
which S00 machinists had quit work. He
told me that the trouble had been settled
and that 200 of the men had returned to
•work. The other hundred, he claimed,
¦were poor workmen and would not be
taken back, and that men from the East
were wanted to take their places. He
guaranteed me a year's steady work at $3
per day. He paid my way out here and
gave me tl 50 a. day while I was on the
road. I have talked with all the men
•who were In the party and I find that the
same proposition had been made to all of
them. I went to the iron works to escape
the trouble and left there as eoon as I
found how matters stood. There are only
Three arrests were made of men who
¦were pointed out as leaders of the attack.
but no one appeared at the police station
to make complaint, so they were released.
Nine of the men appeared at the head
quarters of the union machinists last
night. They informed Detectives Rey
nolds and Crockett, who were sent there
to find out if the men were held against
their will, that they came there of their
own accord and intended remaining under
ttvp protection of the union.
Tt'ne of the men who went to the Union
Ir£r. Works refused to go to work when
be heard that the labor troubles of the
machinists were not settled. He left the
•works and went to the union headquar
ters and Joined the men who came over
land with him. In giving his reasons for
refusing to accept employment at the
works he said:
Elwell was the only one of the party in
jured, though the fight was kept up until
the train reached the mole. The officers
succeeded In getting all the men who had
remained on the car when the attack was
made aboard the ferry-boat, though not
without considerable difficulty. The union
machinists surrounded the men on the
boat and made every effort to reach them.
but they were beaten back by the railroad
police. When the ferry-boat reached this
eide there were only twelve of the twenty
men to be found. Officers Flinn, Smith,
McGrath. and McCormlck took charge of
them when the boat landed and escorted
them to a launch, in which they were
taken to the Union Iron Works.
Fighting 1 on Train and Boat.
Special Officer El well, who was escort
ing the non-union men. attempted to pre
vent the machinists from attacking the
New York men and was roughly handled.
His piftol was taken from him and
enough blows landed on his face and head
to make it necessary for him to go to the
Harbor Emergency Hospital as soon as
he reached this side of the bay.
At Sixteenth -street station the strikers'
committee was reinforced by a number of
union men who evidently had formed
other plans to circumvent the plans of the
shipbuilders. As soon as the train stopped
they proceeded to get to work, and had it
not been for the police officers on duty at
the station they would have accomplished
their ends and prevented by force the en
tire twenty from reaching the Potrero.
The committee met the train bearing
the non-union hands yesterday morning
at Port Costa. When they entered the car
in which the non-union men were travel
in? they immediately set to work to con
vince the New Yorkers that they were
not needed at the Union Iron. Works and
would be much better off if they would
visit the headquarters of the machinists
end join the cause of the strikers. The
were all glib talkers and
¦She strangers wcr© all good listeners, 'but
tr.e train reached Sixteenth-street station
without a convert having been made.
Twenty non-union machinists from New
Tork arrived here yesterday morning to
go to work at the Union Iron Works, but
it is not known positively how many suc
ceeded in reaching the scene of their fu
ture employment. That the entire party
did not reach the works was due to the
vigilance of the pickets placed by the
Machinists' Union. Those that did reach
the works reported for work very much
frightened.
Sefuse Work-
TVTAfTM I rTTRTS HJTERC.EPTED.
Strikers Induce Men From East to
Two bands have been engaged and danc
ing in two pavilions from 10 a,m. until
11:50 p. . m. will be part of the day's
amusement. . . .
There will also be races for boys, girls, fat
men and married ladies, sack race, three
legged race, obstacle race, East Indian
egg and basket race. There will-be
athletic contests, such as. throwing the
hammer, jumping and field sports. Among
other things scheduled on the programme
are buck and wing dancing and Irish jig
and reel contests, pie-eating contests and
other features of the same nature.
The prizes for the above races have been
fixed at $5 for the first and $2 60 for the
second. In addition to this all the win
ners of the first prizes in the foregoing
races will be entitled to run in the final
grand race, for which prizes are offered
as follows: . ;-;
• First prize, $50; second prize, $20; third prize,
?15; fourth prize, ?10; fifth prize, $5.
Brotherhood of Painters vs. Brotherhood of
Carpenters; Plumbers vs. Electricians; Brick
layers vs. Plasterers; Cement Workers vs. the
Laborers' Protective Association; Millwrights
vs. the Elevator Constructors; Tllesetters vs.
the Marble Cutters; Granite Cutters vs. Sand
stone Cutters; Derrickmen vs. Metal 'Workers;
Felt and Composition Roofers vs. Carpet Me
chanics; Glaziers and Ornamental Glass Work
ers vs. Fixture Hangers; Lathers vs. Shing
lers; Woodworkers vs. Metal Roofers.
Another great feature are the races that
have been arranged between the different
trades, thus: . .
A notable feature of the day will be the
contest for th© Labor day trophy, the
Mayor Phelan cup, won at the two last
Labor day celebrations by j the Cement
Workers' Union of California. The con
test will take place. at 1 p. m. and all
trade unions in the State are entitled to
compete for the trophy, which will be
awarded to the union that has the best
representation in proportion to member
ship and makes the finest showing. . ¦ The
judges selected for this contest are Cleve
land L. Dam, Cress Gannon and Stephen
V. Costello.
The president of the day will be P. H.
McCarthy. Addresses will be delivered
by John E. McDougald, treasurer of th'e
Marble Cutters' and Finishers' Association
of San Francisco and vicinity, and • J. T.
Kearns, ex-president of the Building
Trades Council of Alameda County.
gests, races, dancing and literary
exercises. Representatives of building
trades councils from various section's of
the State will be present. .- . . »
C*-rf-o HE unions affiliated with the
§ Building -Trades Council will j bb-
I ' serve Labor day \ at Shell ' Mound
• H Park. • There will be "athletic con-
"We had a contract which had to be
completed and we had to. secure the ser
vices of non-union piledrivers. When
these men arrived at Hunter's Point about
S5 of the 120 pick and shovelrrien in our
employ quit work. A large number of
them were machinists out on strike who
were working for us for $2 a. day, In
order to make living expenses during tho
strike. They would not work with non
union men, so threw down their picks
and shovels. We do not anticipate any
trouble In getting men to take their
places."
A representative of the City Street Im
provement Company, seen at the office of
the company yesterday, said:
"We have no union and had no inten
tion of striking. We were perfectly sat
islied to work as we were, and only quit
because we were. informed that we would
have to give up our bunks to men who
were taking the places of union hands out
on strike. We got together and after dis
cussing the matter, determined to show
our dislike for non-union men who were
taking the place of strikers and to refuse
to work with them."
their intention to Quit word was sent to
police headquarters for officers, as it was
feared trouble might ensue. ¦ A regular
officer and several specials were sent to
the Point.-; but their services were not
needed, as the men were orderly. One of
the men who quit said in explaining their
action:
Mr. Scott denied emphatically that any
machinists are being brought to the coast
at the expense of the Union Iron Works.
He stated that every man paid his own
passage and that their trip did not cost
the company a dollar. He likewise denied
the statement that the company was pay
ing newcomers $1 a day in excess of the
schedule of wages which was in force be
fore the strike. The men. he said, were
paid from $2 50 to $3 50, according to merit.
"In addition to these men, twelve others
applied for and were given employment at
the works. This makes a total of twenty
four new men to join our working force
to-day. We are satisfied with the situa
tion."
Henry T. Scott, president of the Union
Iron Works, stated vesterday that the
strikers succeeded in getting only eight of
the twenty machinists.
"The report that they got twelve men
is erroneous." he said. "The actual figure
is eight. I have nothing to say about the
methods employed in converting the new
comers. What the men will do here with
out money is a mystery. The Machinists'
Union ought to send the men back home.
As for the men who resisted the appeals
of the strikers, they are doing well
enough.
Twenty-Four New Men at Work.
three of the twenty men who came from
New York that are working there. I
counted nine of the party here a little
while aco, but do not know where the
rest of them are. There was no contract
made with us. We put our names to noth
ing but a blank piece of paper."
RUMORS of the previous day in
regrard to the strike situation re
ceived little verification In the
events of yesterday. Whatever
foundation there may have been
for reports of a disposition on the part of
several unions to defy the leaders in ths
City Front Federation and return to work
no such, action occurred and the Labor
Council and City Front Federation cin
cials are finding time to devote much at
tention to preparations for the celebration
of Labor day.
The unions now out on strike and the
others affiliated with the Labor Conned
Lvill participate In a monster parade and
r celebration in the city, while the Building
Trades Council will unite with councils
of the same trades from other cities in a
celebration at Shell Mound Park.
The conciliation committee of the Board
of Supervisors held its preliminary meet
ing in the afternoon and discussed the
g-eneral situation and plans to bring about
industrial peace. Another meeting will
probably be held this afternoon.
Longshoremen's Union No. 222 and the
Marine Firemen'* Union held meetings last
night, but neither took action bearing di
rectly on the strike situation or the ru
mored disposition on the part of some of
the members to return to work.
, ¦ . ¦ . - . . . . - . - t . - . ¦ ;¦:..- ¦ . ¦- ¦ • -..,.¦- ' v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28. 1901.
Conciliation Committee of Supervisors Holds Its First rieeting===Pickets
Induce Machinists From New York to Refuse Work, but
Others Accept Employment.
LEADERS, BU5Y WITH LABOR DAY PLANS,
LEAVE STRIKE SETTLEMENT TO FUTURE
7 HE strike leaders arc concentrating their attention on preparations for the Labor, day celebration, intending to make it by far the
greatest demonstration of the kind that San Francisco has ever seen. The. pickets are keeping a zvatchfiil eye on non-union] .men
arriving to take the places of the strikers, and yesterday, after some fighting that caused much excitement on train and boat, a
number of machinists from New York were induced to .refuse, employment at the Union Iron Works. The conciliation committee of the
Board of Supci-z-isors met in the afternoon and discussed plans, but did not seek conference zuith employers or employes:}
. Southern Pacific now . sells ten-rids In
dividual commutation tickets between San
Francisco and Coast line points to and in
cluding San Jose. Inquire of agents.
Ten-Bide Tickets on, the ; Coast Line.
5
1 VALUES..!
" ¦ Mi ' ' ¦'¦¦" ¦ ¦ ¦¦' ¦ t*s*
i' LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SILK ftn -tp •;
I WAISTS, value for $6.00, will be sold at. . 5u. I 3 £
t- LADIES' RAGLANS, 56 inches long, value for Qf rf% ;\
% $12.00, will be sold at ul.Jll i
i : L.ADIES' GRAY SKIRTS, Satin trimmed, val- Ql rfl ?
J ue for $6.00, will be sold at UTi 3 U ''-
? BLACK FEATHER BOAS, 45 inches long-, QC Cfl ••
J value for $10.00, will be offered at UUiuU ••
£ 200 CHILDREN'S JACKETS, value for $5.00, 00 Cfl ?•
I • will be sold at ............. 0Z.3U |
«!• ... \ . •*
I - y ' M46 MARKET STREET. |
4^It 'I"l"l* *J***"*i*^~»**J* *I**v*vvv*** v*i**I^**i*^* •I"I"I"I"."v •J"4 i vv*i*v *I"i"I"rv 'i m l"l m i m .
- THE EMPOEITJM.; ;¦ j, THE EMPOEltTM. | THE EMPORIUM.
af\ " -."¦ -'. •• - V -' ¦¦¦.-- ¦..¦: ¦ . - •-•¦• ¦¦¦¦¦'¦ ' '"' ' k
| Princess Doris WSSff fAf POI&ll iiii! Shkolines 5c. |
«? Sineing and dancing in th= Attraction . « IflB^L &*"** "*^ QH. II BffiPSJ? A nice quality for Ccmfjrtrri; n? X
* Hall all this week. She positively Hffl^T - _ -» ¦ A 9? SJ goods; ntw patterns just received . •£
$ leaves us Saturday. II a. m. to p*'^ VOld£ll1llll6 DSIZA&r. to-day ony, per yard _ ' $
jf 5 p. m. Admission free. '¦'/ CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST— AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE 5C <*
| Greatest of Book Sales Men's $10 Suits $4.35 1
*£ JVhat a rush there has been in the Book Department for the These are well cut Jj[
Jf . past two days, but, a» we and carefully made /^^ •*
?i •- '> ¦- "-£¦¦ ltate; l Sunday, - there were ¦ business' sack suits, /*5 -Hr •'
ft ¦/ \ enough books and enough the' materials are /^""N 1 *- / 3*
f : fL"^*J-J(\rx\ L \ var ' et / * n th ' s B™' special wool, cheviots and r^KSftO V^* L •'
* / r°effc&L^\ yX purchase to stock an orJi- cassimeres in nice i'S ~i\ * ¦ J i*~TliN>. ""
S' - / r e - W\ \ >^y - ' "anr book store. The as- mixtures, good all- ' f 1 j NlJ/AV'V 5
jg S-* _^jjS» y "» sortm-nt inc'udes popu'ar the - year - round \~r^f\. I V /\ ~~ \ Jf
Sf jr^ jy^^^j^jd^zh c°pyr'ghted book?, standard weights. Thrv are v'OWsi^s. / \ I \ "*
•£ aT^^L' " Works of fiction, Biogra.- the sui-s that Sum- %jkj> -^/ \ \ c \ I I \ X
«£ ;^^^H[vll__ZIlX^55^^- pbies, History, - Sciences, merfield & Co., the / \ o§| /VJ >\ I 1/ I \ ' J»
* ffr^ nlfeP' JlBPi •J uvenilc Book8 » etc - ' «frcd wholesalers, / j ° °L ( / Jfl / jr. V/ M *
$ /^%^^S Sf Book 2OC 17-5° and *,oco. • O |NIA V * )*
* - j£ ///, w* — Th ~ famous Kenmore and many of them \/ Jj\ y^ 5 * 2 **^^*^^/ "*
£ ' //// '¦> S? tf* ? / ; '£?"~ [i Bo * edtion, about ao tife?, £« nuti . of like /Tjo 0 Q hJ% I Vk ¦£
%' : M^^/* i^///m s * s P rinted on ¦ deek-'e - edged . value from our reg- "' J -A /.T i] l\ %
ff- ff///^^/^~^//////L*-B paper, bound in polished "'»' «°<*s whlcb - - S> f IT kH / \J *
* ////^~ :^/^^//////f^ buckram, gilt tops; such h * v * **«* substl " \. I J II J I A | *
•T St^^'hz^J I '/L tlt ' e * " "The Prairie," ' tuted. in this s£c to • \ 1 # ' «
5 /^S?^ I J^^IJ L^£M> " Scarlet Letter," "Ed- nil in broken fi«s. ..^v, . ' , fc
g if—^^^gjg^^'fflir^ — ' "¦"—," T— or For the balance of this week, grnume full ralue &AW g2 X
UP . , ' ". . . -r"**^ the world in, Eighty $7-5° and * IO -°° $u ' ts for ip-ST* «* «jr v %
j£'' Days," : "Nicholas Nickelby"; "Duty," by Smiles; ''&{%*% Men's $\$ Blue and Black Serge and all-wool Tweeds and '%
* "Lucile," by Meredith, etc., etc. ........ .V.-. ... **%*** Cheviot Su : ts, this week $8.95 J*
$ $1.OO Standard Books 25C — Printed from Men's $20 Overcoats, of English Whipcord, Covet. £
If large type on good paper, gilt tops, handsome c'oth binding; more than C'oth anl Oxford Gray Chsviott and Worsteds, thii week.$//«45 J
ft 50 titles, by such famous authors as Victor Hugo, Washington J7.C0 Long Pants Suits, for boys IO to 19 years, this J
Jf Irv'ng, Hall ; Caine, George Ebcrs, . Marlitt, Werner, Jule» Verne, week .... »5 $&i95 J"
g , ' Ciptain MarryaV Conan Doyle, Chares Dickens, 4} B^ .. ! QQ ' '$>-£ "pints [Softs! " "for * boy's" 8 " to "l C ' "years, this 2
J etc., etc... ««IO weefc ' ..$1.88 %
£$f .50 Copyrighted Fiction 85C— Such g6.oo three-piece Knee Pants Suits, for boys 10 to k {
j£ tides as "Quincy Adams Sawyer," "Cardinal's Snuff f% Kg% year;, this week t $3.48 3*
g Box," "Like Another Helen," etc. «9«#C* Men>s $J QO a H_ woo l pants , th i s week $f. 7/ *
Jf $1.Op Juvenile Books 48C— Hundreds or Men's $5.00 all-wool Pants, this week $2.55 %
Sf • good titles by . tuch popular writers for the young as Ot's, A'den, j ; JI
J Jewetr, Ing-rsoll, E ijah Kellogg, A'cott, Kings'ey, ilAp Tck^m SmWmtS Tb*£*\9 '%
J. Luce C. Liilie, Trowbridge, etc., etc; /. .. M &SM tff flff M #VfJf VfCII»5* J
J^ Black Rock— Authorized ed ; tion, cloth binding 17c An Important Special Sale. £
X Rldpath's History of the United States, £4.00 edi- pick-up of fine German Damask Tray Cloths and ex- J«
Jf t-on.. •j?£ c tra Satin Damask Tea Cloths and Squares — th= finest we %
X An English Woman's LOVe Letters 3UC ever saw _ at about ha f value. The sale is for to-day J
« -Dr. Chase's $2.50 Recipe Book 75s (Wednesday) only. % x
li American Family Physician for igol, pub- 45c Hemstitched Dam:sk Tray -Cloths, 18x27 inches, %
»f lished at$4.75, for ...$1-4-8 for. " 28 5 %
If Mrs. Lincoln's Peerless Cook Book. ...... . u . 19c $1.1$ Hemstitched Damask Tea Cloths, 35x35 inches, S
J $10.00 Dictionary $5.25— Webster's Un- for 68c %
Jt abridged, il'ustrated with colored p'ares and thousands of engravings; -^ c Hemstitched Satin Damask Squares, 2 ox 2 o inches, 1*
*? with patent thumb indexes, full . sheep binding; the genuine Jio.oo J -- - J9*>*% "2
\* Dctionaryfor.. .\........... $5.25 I0 r - •.;••.-•; •••• ••';•'• ' V ' ' -\™ C ¦'
Jf Webster's Dictionary as above, with Harvard Dictionary $i-°o Hemstitched Satin Damask Trays, 20x30 inches, j
I stand... t ..$7.5Q for..-.:- ¦ .• 49c x
x r~. ; . , • ¦ —" -—¦—¦ : '¦ : ~~ ~ ~ *
Jf Hurd's Writing Papers Less Than Half Price. $
$ The biggest values in Stationery ever offered in this city. Hurd's Writing Papers and Envelopes, worth from 15c to 30c «*
ft* . • per. 24 p : eces, in bond, kid finish and Irish Linen; in such popular tints as heliotrope, lilac, azure and old rose; in
Jf . octavo, commercial Titian, gavotte, polonaise, First Emp'rc, Mignoh and Oxford shapes; a large number of small £
** . lots to be closed out this week.. Paper — 24 sheets for 9c. Envelopes — 25 for Qo. . •*
I Ovei+BOllars 1 Special Sale of Toy Tea Sets, |
| UVVrcauar* Carpets, Furniture. 35c Kind, 24c. f
K \ ***** ***** Four extraordinary values As^ clilb f- /^^^ 3*
* ' - V 300 • dozen Ladies* r ,, . j y gain to-day /^/WWo, -g
$¦ > -rs- ¦ Embroidered tor this day only . for the lhtic i|j %
5 Bs3R=-44^5-3 ; - Wh?t ,. C L * WI ! 75c Tapistry Ca-p:ts 57c-New d-.signs, folks;" they SJitlH ™ll^^«j S
Jf **®®&&$&§&& OvercoLars, neat . a r .£ g03<i 7JC quaJ . havc j ust „. ' ?
ft 1 ' ¦*. ... c- styles,, 15c ana ity, to-diy prr yard ......O/C nved from 0 "'J ,X
J, 200 dozen White Lawn Hemstitched Overcal- ' per "- yar( i qU ility, to-day -, o orated China Tea Sets, 1 6 piece3 to '$
g lar?, regular va'ue ioc each, on spe- _ only 98C the set— just something to play party «J
% c?al Mle Wednesday... «»«* , ngra!n Rugs _ S ; zs 36x36 inches, worth 7S c w j t h— they were made Vo sell for ?
tarooo^U^ors g^ggg |
Jf The SpeCialS fOr Wednesday pieces, highly polished; golden _ oak, French 'JZifti «|
Jf_ ¦ Only: ¦¦. ? fX^o"^ctt^'^°f^T e "ihl c Tz\ Gl$&S$W2lt*Q 5
Jf Babbitt's Best Soap— 6 bars 25O , va'ue of which is I32. 50, on special sale * * "5
Coffee — Our Best Java and Mocha, regular y Wednesday only AA#1 _ _ wSSMB&m tr
$ 35c,to-day .....29c $23.75 , **>****** g
ft 4 Corn-Best Western, 3 tins...... 25C ' ' More than 200 dozen =^ #
* Corn— B«t Maine, 5 tins. :...... SlO • - good, clear Glass Jelly .^; rf *
*C Oyste n— B«t Cove, lb. tins, 3 for .... 2Bo gSf*0% O*ft «» M ¦ " O #*» % , *f lumV * n — ' -*^ '2
X Tea— Choice unco'.or^d Japan, lb 4QC %*UO &OoYf#7 *M M G* Regularly 40c a dozen,
k" Bird Seed— Mixed or plain, best quality, regu- > on special sal: Cl ' ' """*5& "~~ *
*£» larly 6c lb, to-day 6 lbs 25X3 Wc are 8 o5n S t0 8eU t0 d *1 3 "^e 3 {or 1IC oi t0 " da y onl y- "?*•-¦ 1 i^0 .J
of JflSse MOOre WhlsltOy-^-Thc one of the choicest toilet soaps manufactured Fine Imitation Cut G'-ass | \ =^ «
famous A. A., that we sell regu- ~ n in this country. It is Kirk's «'Shandon Cake Plates— Nice, .\ -."^ X
*" larly 95c a bott!e, to-dayonly.... OUC BeUs" Soap— hard-mU!ed, de'JghtfuUy scent- dear cut; they are 1 1 *C;..J?
K Enterprise Peer— Pints, instead of 60c per ed— very popular. The manufacturer has i nc h c , i n diameter; ', -. -J
Jf dozen, to-day... .. . BOO d:scontinued putting it up in this style, and regular price 15c each} \ ,'^ %
tf Domestic Porter— The best local product that *° we wer 5 abe to secure 1000 boxes at a en special sale Wcdnes- < £=- -S-^ ,«
K money can buy, regularly $1.25 per doeen, price which enables ui to offer it *-^ day only.. .. _ \t^ *
J to-dayonly... to-day on\y,ptTbox, 3 oakBS** **+ 8*+G J? The discovery that malarial fever is caused by the
bite of a mosquito has led to a clamor in the East
for the discovery of an insect whose bite will cure it,
but it seems no one is ; willing to give the kissing bug
a trial. . . - - .
Choice candles. Towrsend's. Palace Hotel*
¦ m • ¦
Cal. glace fruit 50e per lb at Townsend's.*
— — « ? »
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ¦•
. • ? ¦
Buffalo points with pride to its cancer
laboratory as the first of its kind in tha
world. It Was established and thorcngh
ly equipped two years ago. •
— ¦ ? « —
Are You "Of the Old World"?
Everything pertaining to the New World
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way to
get to Buffalo Is by the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Rciad, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars, in which are served Amer
ican • Club meals from 3Zc to $1 ' each. Eook
free, showing pictures of exposition bull<y^?3.
Hotel accommodations reserved. 'JAtT W.
ADAMS. P. c. P. A.. 3T Crocker buildlns.
San Francisco. Cal.
. This naturalist is > M. S. . Jourdain, and
his views on the subject are' expressed at
length in, a .which he has addressed
to the French Biological Society.
Place some: snails on a pane of glas,s,
he says, -j and you < will find that," as" they
move over it, they will make musical
sounds similar to those which a person
can ' produce ¦ by wetting his finger and
then rubbing it around a glass tumbler.
Complete airs, the points out, have been
played ; on tumblers In .this way, and he
expresses' the that quite as good
results can -be - obtained by using snails
instead of fingers. .', . -- " . .
It is a curious fact that at least half
a dozen scientists are now carefully
studying snails. ; . The reason, according
to one of them/ is because these little ani
mals are extraordinarily, sympathetic "and
intelligent. Indeed, so 'highly gifted are
they; supposed: Urbe that a writer did not
hesitate to ascribe , to them a" few months
ago the honor of being "the precursors of
the wireless telegraph system."
A German scientist recently pointed out
that "snails were able to draw: immense
weights' and now - a French naturalist
claims that there are few, if any, animals
which have a higher appreciation of music
than snails. . , ' •"/ : ¦ .-
SNAILS ARE MUSICAL.
It will be remembered that, the Democratic con
vention in that State not only ignored Bryanism and
all other national issues, but even set aside Democ
racy itself by adopting a platform- declaring- for a
non-partisan contest. In other words, they left the
political field and took to the woods; The'Republi
cans, have promptly>ccepted the new issue.". They
set forth properly and in" due form their declaration
of national principles and policies,' but did ¦ not ' st6p
SUCH opposition as was threatened to the lead
ership of Quay among the Republicans of
Pennsylvania appears to have gone like the iate
hot spell, and things. are decidedly 1 cooler" than they
were. The Republican State Convention met in 'har
mony,- adopted its platform without ' a '•' dissenting
voice, nominated its candidates for the few State of
fices that are to be filled this year, and; adjourned
vrithin one hour and forty minutes after the chair
man had called the assembly to order. It is said that
breaks the speed record for political 'conventions in
Pennsylvania, and it is doubtful if.it has been beaten
anywhere else.
THE FIGHT IN PENNSYLVANIA.
. LOUVRE— C. ¦ J. < H. , Fort - Bragg, Cal.
Louvre in French means, palace or mag
nificent buiidlng. Br«wer is authority for
louvre being a corruption of lupra, as It
Is called in, the old. title deeds. "Dago
bert," says Brewer, _"there built a hunt
ing box, the nucleus the present pile
of buildings." Alden says that louvre is
derived from the French "l'ouvert," "the
opening," and applied. to. the ornamental
opening often of turret or lantern shape
on a; roof to - allowi smoke or foul
air to escape from large apartments,
such as halls, kitchens and the like. These
were particularly required in ancient
times when the flre was ; placed in the
center of a room and there was no chim
ney to carry off the smoke. As to the
Louvre in Paris, Hayden says: "It is
said, to have been a royal residence in
the reign of Dagobert, 623. It was a prison
tower constructed by Philippe Augustus
in 1204. It afterward became a library
and Charles VI. made it his palace about
1364. Tho new buildings b£gun by Fran
cis,' 152?, were . enlarged and adorned by
successive Kings, particularly Louis XIV.
Napoleon I turned" It' Into a museum. The
buildings of _<the new Louvre,. begun by
Napoleon I," and i completed b.y . Napoleon
III, were inaugurated by the latter in
great state August 14, 1857.
We. had our little "muss up" over the reception to
President McKinley, and now the Canadians are
about to; have their spasm over the reception, of the
Duke of York. It is. always a great honor to receive
a distinguished visitor, but sometimes it is trying on
a population. ;
The people of cat. Louis, in their eagerness to have
their city look pleasing to visitors during the expo
sition, have enacted at: ordinance designed to put an
end to the smoke. nuisance. . The chances are, how
ever, that if the smoke be abated so that visitors can
see the place more clearly they will-like it less:; .
It is announced that ostrich feathers are to be
brought into fashion again, so the other birds who
have been exposed to wholesale slaughtering for
feminine . adornments will probably arrange for a
thanksgiving meeting.
When an ordinary man wishes to obtain' a divorce
on. grounds that his own State will not sanction he
has to leave home and go to another "State, but when
Flagler wished a divorce he got the Florida Legisla
ture to change the law to suit him. Evidently there
issomething in Standard oil that greases a way for
almost anything, the owners wish.
IN THE ARMY — Reader, Arroyo
Grande, Cal. To ascertain if your hus
band enlisted \-\ the United States army
you will have to write to the War De
partment, Washington, D. C. giving name,
age, nativity and place where you
posed he enlisted from. If he enlisted in
one of the California regiments of volun
teers during^ the Spanish-American war,
you. can obtain the information from the
office of the adjutant general at*Sacra
mento, Cal. :'¦¦-
GREAT BRITAIN— P F.. Oakland, Cal.
In the latter part of 1900 the naval
strength of Great Britain was: Ships, in
cluding vessels of all description, 1065;
officers, 4907; enlisted men, 105,733; heavy
guns, 1076; secondary and machine guns,
9432; France— Ships of all description, 759;
officers, 1915; . enlisted men, 42,605; heavy
guns, 742; secondary and machine guns,
4278.
LATIN SAYING— C. J. H., Fort Bragg.
Cal. The Latin maxim "Sic utere tuo ut
alienum non laedas" is translated into
English, "make use of your own prop
erty in such a manner as not to injure
that of another."
OLD CURIOSITY SHOP— A. H. G..
City. The old building made famous by
Charles Dickens as "Old Curiosity Shop,"
and which is to be torn down, is in the
city of London, England. ¦ >
JEFFRIES AND SHARKEY-L. H. Z.,
San Jose, Cal. Jim Jeffries and Tom
Sharkey met In the ring in San Fran
cisco May 6, ,1898, and at Coney ' Island,
November 3, 1S99.
MEDICINE— Subscriber, City. The Leg
islature of California at its last held ses
sion, did not "pass a law forbidding any
person from making and selling medi
cine."
MARKET STREET— A. Y.. City. The
width of Market street from building to
building is 120 feet. From curb to curb it
is 76 feet, as the sidewalks aro 22 feet
wide.
NOBLE KINSMEN— F. C. T., City.
"The Two Noble Kinsmen" was not writ
ten "by Shakespeare, but by Beaumont and
Fletcher, and it was published in 1634.
NEW YORK, Aug. 1 27.— The following
Californians have arrived: San Francisco
— J. M. Clark, at the Navarre: J. S. For
rest, at the Criterion; W.B. Peck., B. G.
Mauth, Miss McKee, Miss R. Mckee, at
the " Manhattan; L. Morrison, at the
Grand Union; D. Knight, at the Marlbor
ough; D..M. Moses, at the Herald Square.
Los Angeles— Mrs. C. Osgood, at the Vic
toria. --,:." i^i^'.^ Wv SY^Ti:-
A.. F. Goss, a pioneer resident of this
city, has just returned from atrip of a
year, and a half duration to the East and
Europe. While in" Boston Mr. Goss was
elected a : member of "the New England
Association of California Pioneers. \
Californians m New York.
S. B. Schuyler, general auditor of the
Gould system of railroads, is .at the
Grand, accompanied by his wife and son.
Schuyler is here merely for pleasure and
recreation. ¦ •
J. W. Farwell, a prominent young busi
ness man of Chicago; is at the Palace.
He has been spending some three years in
Honolulu and -is now on his way to his
home.
' S.' J. and R. B. Hardy, two English gen
tlemen, traveling for pleasure, are among
the recent arrivals at the California.
F. W. Kins and J. . H. Lothian, two
prominent young business men of Los An
geles, are registered at the Palace.
Y. Nakaijima, Chief Engineer of the
Japanese Government at.Tokio, is at the
Occidental, en route to the East.
Dr. W. C. Lucas, a leading physician of
Santa Monica, Is among the recent ar
rivals at the Grand.
. Alex Young, a capitalist- of Honolulu, is
at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife. " . 1 "' ,
A.-H. Baldwin is registered at the Pal
ace from Washington, D. C. _.
I. B. Hamilton, 'a wealthy merchant of
Los Angeles, is at the Occidental.
Milton McWhorter, an oil Inspector ' of
Bakersfleld, is a guest at the Grand.
, B. B. Fairbank has come "down from
Petaluma and is a guest at the Lick.
A. H. Bar of Etna is a guest at the
Grand.
E. Hr Dodd, U. S. N., Is staying at the
California.
Dr. Mack V. Stone, U. S. N., is at the
Occidental. . - « .
F. J. Doyle of Honolulu is registered at
the California.
Garrison Turner, an attorney of Modes
to, is at the Grand. •¦,.'._
D. Clark, a wealthy mine owner of Spo
kane, is at the Lick.
G. Moore, a traveler from London, Is a
guest at the Palace. V
"I regret," it read, "that I am unable at
this late date to pick out your photo
graph. However, I send you my entire
collection, numbering over 600, and would
request that you return all except your
own by express messenger at my ex
pense."—Tit-Bits. -
Of course, he had offended her in some
way, but it is unnecessary to inquire how.
The reply to her note came the following
day:
"Would. you be kind enough to return
my photograph'" she wrote. "I gave it to
you in- a moment of girlish folly, and I
have since had occasion to regret that I
was so thoughtless in such matters."
Of course, she pictured that photogrj*^i
framed and hung up in his room, aSml
was Inclined to think that he would part
with it with deep regret. Just why she
wanted It returned is immaterial. .
Mrs. Hatterson— I am going: to meet my
husband at 1 o'clock to select some dec
orations for the drawing room.
Mrs. Catterson— What do you want him
with yon for?
Well, in case they don't turn out right,
I can say It is his fault.— Life.
Appreciation: She— I like some of your
articles very much.
He— Oh, I'm so glad! Which was tha
part you liked specially? .
She— Well— I liked the quotation from
Balzac.— Punch.
And the Bishop relates, while laughing
heartily, that they were about the wanest
people he ever saw as they took their de
parture.—Detroit Journal.
"We thought people would rather pay
that than $13," replied the agent of tho
steamer line with an explanatory • and.
apologetic cough.— Cleveland Plain Dealfc
This Is an Anglican Joke.
The Bishop of N tell3 a very funny
story.
One day a man and woman came to tha
Bishop's house to be married.
"Make us wan," said the man, who waa
Irish.
"All right, it will cost you $30!" said hi 3
lordship, wittily.
"Thirteen dollars and a half seems a
high price for such a comparatively short
trip," said the man with the traveling
hag in his hand.
Thats the Idea," answered tha youth
with the sharp nose and chin. "I'm will
ing to start right in at a big reduction and
take one of those $25,000 positions you say
are so hard to fill at half the money "—
"Washington Star.
You say that you don't care for the
salary so long as you can get a chance to
work?" said the billionaire.
'•Gracious! I should think so!"
'Well, I suppose you've heard that si
lence gives consent!"— Yonkera States
man.
He— I have been in the next room ask
ing your father for your hand in marriage.
Sne — "What was the result?
"Did you hear any noise while I was
In there?"
IN MARYLAND-S., City. Jn Maryland
if the husband dies intestate the widow
has a dower right in the property he
may leave.
ANSWERS .TO QUERIES.
It is worth noting, by way of giving the devil his
due, that the reason assigned by the Sultan for taking
away the- concession he had' granted to the French
quay company was that the means they have pro
vided for landing and embarking, passengers are in
adequate and dangerous. If that be so he has cer
tainly some right to complain, and if the diplomatic
V/orld be against him, perhaps. the traveling public in
that part of the world may be on his side.
The objection to the act of the Sultan in sending
a mission to China is curious.: When the mission
was announced it was stated that the action had been
taken at the prompting of Russia, but a little later
that was denied and another statement put forth to
the effect that Kaiser William had prompted it. The
matter was not of much moment, for reports from
Hongkong some time ago announced that when the
Turkish mission arrived there it was found that the
Chinese had never heard of Turkey and did not care
anything about the mission. Since the venture was
thus unimportant, it does not appear why. the powers
should object to it unless it be that they have reached
a condition of mind that renders them hostile, to
anything Turkey may do.
That kind of thing was borne with diplomatic pa
tience for a long time, but recently the Sultan actually
paid certain claims of the United States, and since
then European diplomats have been on their mettle,
each trying to obtain payment in advance of the
others. In their rivalry this time, however, there has
been no such antagonism as in former years, and
consequently the French have the sympathy of the
diplomatic world.
The cause of the universal -sympathy among the
diplomats is not hard to find. Nearly every nation in
Europe has some kind of a claim against the Turkish
Government, and not one of them has had any satis
faction. For years the claims have been pressed by
one power after another, and sometimes by two or
three of them at once, but all without avail. The
Sultan, feeling secure in the conviction that the pow
ers would never permit either one of their number
to declare war against him, has met their, demands
with bland promises of future payment, or with de
nials of any debt, and they have had to submit even
when they knew the promises were worth nothing
and the denials were falsehoods. "•^ >t
Whether right or wrong in the controversy, and
whether it lead to a fight or another diplomatic deal,
France has the sympathy of all the statesmen of
Europe. A recent dispatch from London said:
"Diplomatic opinion in this city approves the action
of France * toward Turkey," and went on to add:
"The Chancelleries of Europe have been considerably
annoyed by the Sultan's recent efforts to reassert
himself and to shake off the limited control exercised
by Europe over certain parts of his administration.
The Sultan's dispatch of a mission to the Far East
was also displeasing to the great powers. The pow
ers are expected to generally welcome France's
course."
WAR clouds around Constantinople blow up
horn the unknown and after looming above
the Levant for a while blow away again,
almost as fogs come and go in and around San Fran
cisco. Consequently it is hardly worth while to
speculate whether the particular cloud that now
threatens will pass in a day or remafn for a month.
The reports that come from the scene have a pictur
esque variety of affirmation and contradiction. It
seems the French Embassador, M. Constans, has left
the city. That much appears reliable. The rest is'
guesswork. One authority says his going means
war. • Another says he has gone only because the
time has come for him to take a holiday.
TURKEY AND THE POWERS.
Shortly before the adjournment of Parliament Mr.
Chamberlain, replying to a question in the Commons,
said he would not undertake to estimate how much
longer the war would last, and, added, "I have quit
predicting." ... At the present time the British have
something like 200,000 troops in the field, and yet
with all that force they have been unable to head off
the vigorous commandos of the Boers. They have
also found it expedient to diminish their force 7 , and
consequently will 'enter upon the summer campaign
with a smaller number of troops than they had at
the beginning of the winter. Clearly, therefore, Mr.
Chamberlain was wise in making no 'further predic
tions. With all odds against them the undaunted
Boers have a fair prospect of a successful summer
campaign 'and a fighting chance for ultimate victory
should European complications arise which would
endanger Britain at home. . ..;-
The winter in 'South Africa is drawing to a close.
The fighting Boers on the plains and in the hills and
mountains will soon have more favorable weather
for campaigning. Those that have maintained them
selves through the winter will have a good chance to
continue the war for the next six months with much
less difficulty than in the six months that have passed.
On the other hand, the British exposed to the heats
of the African summer to which they are not accli
mated will not profit much by the change. The sum
mer campaign is therefore more likely to be favorable
to the Boers than to the invaders.
It is true that after announcing the receipt of the
letters Kilchener added: "On the other hand, » the
surrenders lately have increased considerably." In
that same'dispatch, however, he had' to report. that a
British troop operating with Elliott's column had
been surrounded by a superior force of the burghers
and captured. Evidently the surrenders are not all
on one side.
Even the brief summary given in the telegraphic
dispatches shows that the Boer leaders in their replies
have indulged in no bravado. , Kitchener's report
says: "Have received a long letter from Steyn conr
taining an argumentative statement of the Boer case
and saying he will continue to fight. Also a short
letter from Dewet to the same effect. Botha writes
acknowledging the receipt of my proclamation and
protesting against it, and stating that the Boers'in
tend to go on fighting."
FROM the Boer leaders Lord Kitchener has re
ceived replies to his proclamation calling upon
them to surrender, and has transmitted them to
London. The answers in every case are what the
world expected from such men. With one accord
they announce a determination to go on fighting so
long as the power to fight remains with them. The
end of the struggle is not yet in sight.
THE UNDAUNTED BOERS.
That is a simple statement of the law of responsi
bility. If American labor unions^ were lawful bodies,
as are corporations, they could not void contracts
and inflict injury at will,, acting under the vicious ad
vice of fire-eating .leaders and infamously reckless
newspapers. To the credit of the masses of members
in the unions be it said that they desire to keep their
contracts, but their leaders compel their violation.
Let the unions rise to the dignity of legal responsi
bility. Let them be honorable in observing their
agreements. Let them cease to subordinate . the
skillful workmen to the control of the unskillful.
Let them put in less time harassing their employers
and causing great losses to themselves and the com
munity by strikes that are without reason, and the
apparent antagonism between capital and labor will
disappear. *".', ,
When the labor union system arose in the British
Isles the unions themselves sought legalization by
Parliament, which passed the trades union acts of
1871 and' 1876. Under these acts the unions register
and have the right to hold property. Under these
laws, too, they founded the union stores, making
wholesale purchase of the necessaries of life, and
thereby expanding the purchasing power of their
wages one-third. One of these registered unions
damaged employers by much such a strike as that of
the marine firemen against Goodall, Perkins & j Co.
in this city. The employers sued the union to re
cover the damage inflicted. The case went up on
appeal and was won by the employers. The Lord
Chancellor in moving the appeal said: "In this case
I am content to adopt the judgment of Mr. Justice
Farwell, with which I entirely agree, and I cannot
find any satisfactory answer to that judgment in the
judgments of the Court of Appeals which overruled
it. If the Legislature have created a thing which can
own property, which can employ servants, which can
inflict injury, it must be taken, I think, to have irn*
plied, given power to be suable in the courts of law
for injuries done by its authority and procurance."
If the employer violate his contract his property
must answer in damages. But the union has no re
sponsibility, and as the labor leaders teach that it is
more honorable to break than keep a contract, the
employer cannot depend upon the morality and code
of -honor which governs men everywhere except in
the unions.
of that class from ever advancing by superior skill,
thrift, industry and temperance.
We invite the study of the plan by all men who
see that the' union system must be reformed. Recent
events have infected the management of the labor
leaders with an infirmity which will destroy the
unions unless it is corrected. All business operations
rest upon a contract. The pending strikes here and
in the East develop the fact th'at the unions had con
tracts with the employers of labor, and that these
contracts have been violated by the order of labor
leaders. • This violation has been justified by Presi
dent Shaffer and the leaders here. These contracts
would not be violated if they could" be enforced
against the unions. The leaders know that they are
irresponsible, and show" not even that restraint which
honor puts upon a promise. These violations of con- J
tract are the cause of. refusal of arbitration by em
ployers. What use to arbitrate? An arbitration is
simply to produce a contract, an agreement, between
the union and employers. As the unions have vio
lated past contracts at will, what use to make new
contracts with them, by arbitration or otherwise?
We warn union labor that a fatal blow has been
dealt it, out of its own headquarters. Public opinion
will not tolerate breach of contract in a matter that
involves the welfare of the whole community.
The number of persons who have applied for lodg
ings in New Haven in order to attend the Yale
bicentennial celebration in October is said to have
been- so large that already every available room in the
city has been engaged, and the committee is now
trying to rent steamers to serve as temporary hotels.
Evidently old Yale is going to have a great time, and
if the New Haven people leave the visitors any money
in their pockets there will doubtless be big contri
butions to anything Yale wishes as a permanent
memorial of the occasion.
ffltfaL*, - Q$^^ZM 1&O&. //Iff* V 1W '
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 28, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Coamuileations to W. S. LEAEE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . Telephone Press 20*
PUBLIGATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201. - ji;.^
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2. .'.v' ri '
Delivered by Carrier*, 15. Cents Per Week.
Slngrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by .Mail, Including: Postasret
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year ...'.$6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month '. C5e
FUKDAT CALL One Year. 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall rabscribers In ordering change of. address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 IlrondTray
C. GEORGE KROGKESS.
Villager Foreign .Advertising, Kirqcette Building. CUeajj.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central IG19.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Sqnare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH .30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
I1RANCH OFFICES — 327 Montgomery, corner of Clay. ODen
until 9:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633 j
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clork. 615 Larkin. open until
J>:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. ICC Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
«~omer Tv/enty-seoond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1200 Fillmcr*-. oi*?n until 9. a. m. """ j
PERSONAL MENTION.
This organization should settle on and adopt a graded scale
Graded Scale of 'Wages.
A committee should be appointed from said Legislature
through which the business could be conducted. The very fact
that the State Legislature was interesting itself for the amelio
ration of the working^ classes and in harmony with the em
ployer of the same would give confidence and standing to the
proposition. The duties of aaid committee should be to ascer
tain and secure the names of the best mechanics of any par
ticular branch of industry which are now offering or selling
their mechanical skill /and labor. • Secure the names of both
union and non-union men-, then arrange to have them meet and
discuss ways and means and a plan of action to separate them
selves from the lower grades of their own particular kind of
labor and make rules and regulations and adopt' bylaws for
their guidance. Organize into a body to be known- as (for
example) the Classified Carpenters' Union. After being -duly
organized and* officered they should make and adopt a system
of mechanical questions for determining the qualifications of
an applicant. This must be thorough and as near perfect
(without technicalities) as the brain of the mechanic can make
it. When the system of questions is perfected the secretary
should be authorized to send put invitations' to all whom It may
concern with' literature embodying all the tenets upon which
the classification system -was founded and upon -which in the
future the higher class of mechanics would stand and In con
sequence thereof said higher class of mechanics will sever their
connections with all other unions.
Legislative Committee Should Act.
• Let. the State help to unionize all classes of labor, but sys
tematize them- by classification and graded scale of wages.
What a grand outlook for the masters of alKthe industries —
they could safely figure the exact cost of labor and they could
select from any class which would be suitable for their wants.
What satisfaction this would give and what confusion this
would save. Then what a grand arrangement or order of
things this would be for the employed. The higher grades of
labor would conduct the workings of the unions, while now
it is the lower grades which have full control, they being
largely 'in the majority. Under the present conditions there is
no Incentive to become a first-class mechanic or laborer, but
it, is very evident that a great incentive would be~created un
der the classification system. Every man would strive to at
tain more ' knowledge of the business he had adopted so that
he jnay be advanced in the classes. Now in order to accom
plish this a system of procedure must be inaugurated and a
partial outline of my views for its accomplishment Is herein
given. The State Legislature should be appealed to for assist
ance by making an appropriation of money to defray expense
of furnishing literature bearing upon the subject and the dis
tribution of the same which would assist In educating the pub
lic mind as to the feasibility of the classification system.
State Assistance Suggested.
Now this strife should stop and all should lend assistance to
prevent if possible a continuation of this state of affairs; It
certainly can be accomplished and I firmly believe that the
true solution is the separation of all classes of labor and re
organization of the unions upon a classification system. It Is
a well known fact with all. master mechanics. and all master
laborers as well. there are vast differences in the qualifications
of the men under their supervision and it is also, admitted by
all the masters that highly- skilled , mechanics and efficient
laborers aro in the minority. Now I contend that all classes of
laborers should be unionized and therefore I say let them have
their unions, which if carried on systematically would prove
useful and instructive. - ,--
the problem of how to harmonize capital with labor.
This is one of the great questions now" agitating the whole
humanfamily, and it would seem to me an opportune time that
thought along these lines should be made public. The condi
tions as they now exist in San Francisco and elsewhere is
"dog eat dog" and each is waiting for the other to give way.
A very strong argument can be shown 'for both sides that they
are both right, but from my study of the situation I consider
that both sides are radically wrong. . . •
EDITOR San Francisco Call: Tour editorial on the* labor
question of to-day's issue points out a great many facts
and -should be instrumental in assisting to bring har
mony; bat the keynote to this labor question is to solve
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Greater Power of "Onions.
The unions formed and conducted on this classification sys
tem would have greater power and be more respected than the
unions under the present- regime. Every member under tho
new system would have a standard value for his skill and
labor and there would be an object for him to look forward to
and the dignity of labor would advance.
As to the compensation 'of employes under this system tho
rate for each class should be fixed at a stated price per hour
and the number of hours should be limited to not more than
ten hours according to the character of business, unless by
consent of employes, or in other words, the employer should
not have the power to compel any person to work a greater
number of hours than that which the union had adopted aivff"
the number of hours constituting a day should be subject to
change only at certain periods, say two, four or five years- this
would give stability and safety to the employer and employed
This mode of procedure v/ould make better men and better
mechanics and out of confusion and chaos would come con
tentment and advancement
I will say in conclusion that I am ready at any time to con
fer with any Interested party to assist In putting these views
in practical form and will use every endeavor to harmonize
capital and labor. Respectfully, j. l.. COOKE
San Francisco, Aug. ZL Builders' Association.
There would certainly be great masses of the populace ready
to back either. side and the fight would go on Indefinitely, but
this state of things does not exist; there Is perfect harmony be
tween the manufacturer, producer and the wholesaler and also
harmony between the' wholesaler and the small buyer or store
keper; but if you will take notice the small buyer la subser
vient to a certain extent to the wholesaler, the latter being In
the lead although in the minority, and he has aright to have tho
lead as according to the classification system. he has attained
this prominence by application and study just the same as
skilled and unskilled labor would attain if the first-class me
chanic and laborer shall take the lead and conduct the unions.
A great many of the small storekeepers are satisfied with
their positions and others are reaching but and hope to be
wholesalers at some future time, and so it is with the mechanic
and laborer; some are so constituted that they would be satis
fied in any class, while others would advance even beyond the
unions and become master mechanics, shopkeepers, manufac
turers, etc., etc.
This can only be accomplished by the separation of skl'Jeii
and unskilled labor and by giving control to the higher grades.
Under the conditions and mode of conducting unions to-day
its members are grossly interfering with the interests of the
only source from which they can ever expect to make a suc
cess. Suppose all the large and small firms throughout tho
United States should come together and form unions on the
same basis as the unions of the present day; each class ofH
business would work together and by vote each cla33 would de- '
termine the workings of said unions; the great majority would -
constitute the smaller classes, they being in full power would
vote to cinch the manufacturer and producer and there would
be no end to the trouble. The manufacturer and producer
would have to combine against the small and large dealer and
there would always be contention.
Separation of Labor.
of wages, to be determined upon according: to the actual value
of each class; there being no person more competent to aa
judge the value of said skill and labor than the flrst-clasa
artisan. Under this system the workings of the union would
be entirely under the control of the high grade mechanics or
laborers, Just the same as any other business is conducted;
take for Instance, any mercantile business or any other busi
ness down to the smallest or up to the highest, there Is always
a head that controls all, even to the Government itself, and it
you will carefully sum up the situation you will observe that
the heads of all the successful undertakings have made life
studies of their particular lines they follow and by their in
domitable foresight, skill and energy they have become the
master and they rate their own earning power antix they de
mand an equivalent and they get It. They have a system and
they work faithfully under that system. Why cannot the me
chanics or laborers adopt a system 'upon which they can placo
a salable value for their skill and labor and at the same time
establish themselves on a substantial and harmonious footing
with the purchasers?
Correspondent Believes the Unions Would Then Be -Con ducted by Higher
Grades of Labor, and the Result Would Be Complete Harmony
Between Labor and Capital
Our correspondent proposes to meet this obvious
injustice to skillful mechanics, by reforming the labor
union system, through a classification of mechanics
according to their skill. It is argued that such a sys
tem will give the thorough workman the benefit he
deserves for his superior skill, and will incite the less
thorough to acquire the excellence which will take
them into a higher class and give them higher wages!
While the means for instituting thisplan are highly
artificial, our correspondent's statement of it is very
clear and is, indeed, the most original and sugges
tive proposition that has ever been made since the
union system was used to create a distinct class and,
by reducing all to the same level,, keep the members
'¦- - ¦ •" '¦*¦ ¦' - . ' •
WE publish a quite thoughtful communication
from a member of the Builders' Association,
inspired by a Call s The writer
sees part of the difficulty which 'inheres in the pres- .
ent union system. He finds that under it a mechanic'
does not depend on his skill and industry for em
ployment, but works or lays off as a majority of his
union decides. He finds that the skillful and the, less
skillful in the same trade are pvtt upon a level and that
the more skillful gains nothing by his expertness,
since his wage is fixed by the union and is the
same as that of the least skillful or the least indus
trious. This is a stumbling-block to personal ambi
tion, and finally measures all handicrafts down to the
level of the least competent. The recent strike of
the painters is an illustration. The strike was for a
uniform wage of $3 50 per day, and all •' the men
walked out. Then it was developed that a large'num-.
her of. them were already getting $3 50 per day by
the voluntary act of their employers because they
were skillful, were worth that^wage and got it. But
the majority of less skillful, who were not worth
more than three dollars, controlled the union and
stopped all painting until they got the same wage as
the best.
SUGGESTS AN ELABORATE PLAN FOR REORGANIZING
LABOR UNIONS UPON A CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM
The offices at stake arc not of a kind that arouse
much interest ainong the masses of the people, and
consequently it is not likely there will be a big vote
on either side. The State being solidly Republican,
no doubt is felt concerning the outcome of the elec
tion. The only thing, therefore, that attracts atten
tion is the effort that has been made to "virtually
eliminate Democracy and make a really non-partisan
fight against the Republican machine. Under ordin
ary, circumstances such an effort would be hopeless,
but Bryanism has so completely demoralized Democ
racy in Pennsylvania that it is possible a considerable
number of voters may believe it is really out of poli
tics and so be induced to vote for its candidates on
a non-partisan platform. It will be seen that the sit
uation has developed a queer kind of politics, and the
campaign is interesting as a curiosity if for no other
reason.
The. platform says: . "We arraign the Democratic
party as incompetent, incapable, insincere and un
trustworthy.. The citizens of our State within a very
few days have witnessed a spectacle seldom seen in
the history of a political party asking the suffrages
of the people. The Democratic party, ashamed of
its record in the past, and afraid to name a single
issue of a national character on which it is willing to
appeal for support, asks the" people to forget that in
the past when intrusted with the administration of
public affairs it has ruined our business enterprises,
shut down our mills, closed our factories, put in idle
ness" our great laboring classes, ruined credit of the
State and nation, and it now appeals to the public on
what it chooses to call local issues. We condemn
it in the administration of our State affairs as much
as in the incompeteney shown in its administration of
our, national affairs."
at, that.-. -Ttieir resolutions accept the fight on State
issues, but; they deny that it is to be a non-partisan
contest. They assert that, the chief issue is Democ
racy itself..'
REFOEMING LABOR UNIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2^, 1901.
, SUMMER RATES at ¦ Hotel del Co-onado.
Coronado Beach, Cal., effective after j^rll 15;
$60 for. round trip. " Including ¦ 15 days h> hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. 'Co., 4 New Montgomery st.
"Now that the. organization of a shovel trust has
been effected we .mays expect it to make a bigger
scoop ¦ than Morgan ever dreamed of. * T"
King Edward has insisted that' his Queen shall be
crowned as well' as himself as joinO sovereign of the
empire, and now he is getting a great deal of credit
for being a good husband., .^
6
Cull •abscrlbera contemplating a chance of
rpNid«>;ar > <» during: the nuxnmer months can hara
tli'ir paper f .ox-warded by mall to their ieir
Addresses by- notifying The Call Business Office.
Thin palter Trill also be on sale at all summer
reports and Is represented by a local aftemt la
"*11 towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
AHUSEiaiENTS.
L- ,« ¦ —
OiJumbia — "Wheels Within 'Wheels."
Alcazar— "Koineo and Juliet." /
«^.. Grand Oners-house— "Lord and Lady A!gy."
Centra!— "The Two Orphans."
Tivoli— "II Trovatore."
California — "Hobemary."
Ornhetim— Vaudeville.
Olympia. ccmer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties. '
Chutes, Zoo 2nd Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon cna
evenirs.
Fischer* f— Vaudeville.
Putrn Bathe— Swimminr.
Rlngling Bros.' Circus— Folsom and Sixteenth streets. '
Mechanics' Pavilion— Scientific Boxing, Friday evenlns,
August SC.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento-September 2 to 14.
AUCTION SALES. • • • • '
By John J. Doyle — Thursday. August 29, at 11 o'clock
Horses, Buggies, etc., at corner Mission and New Montgom-
ery streets.PANAMA RAILROAD AND STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S ARGYLL. THAT
TAKES AWAY THE MOST VALUABLE GENERAL CARGO FOR THE
EAST THAT HAS LEFT HERE SINCE THE STRIKE.
FROM SEATTLE.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2S.
Sun rises 5;jfi
Sun sets 6:45
Moon sets 4:13 a. m.
Time Time Time I Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W H W
28... 4:05—0.1 11:00 5.1 4:05 1.8 10:20 5 7
29 ... 4:43 0.0 11:30 5.3 4:54 1.4 11110 5.7
30 ... 5:24 0.2 12:00 5.4 5:41 1.0
H W L W H W L W
31... 0:01 5.5 6:05 0.6 12:35 5.5 6:30 0.7
1 ... 0:58 5.3 6:46 1.0 1:10 5.6 7:20 0.5
2... 1:56 5.0 7:30 1.5 1:52 5.7 8:161 0.3
3 ... 2:59 4.7| 8:11| 2.0 2:38 5.7| 9:20| 0.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to'the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus f— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. - ;
New Yorker Buys Fine Ranch.
The old Horace Hawes ranch in San
Mateo County, embracing 604 acres, has
been sold to W. E.^Hebbard of New York
for $150,000. The property is on the edge
of Redwood City. Timothy Hopkins is
the seller. On the, ranch is a handsome
residence. The grounds are finely im
proved and include a large area of bear
ing orchards. The sale was made through
the agency of Bovee, Toy & Sonntag.
Roaiioke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get it. You'll not" regret it. ... •
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Annie Spalding from Theodore
Spalding for cruelty, Charles E. V. Finlay
from Catherine Finley for desertion, Lizzie
A. Kendall from Alfred T. Kendall for
desertion, Grace Riordan from Josyph M.
Riordan for desertion afid Kathenne C.
Mooney from A. H. Mooney for failure to
provide.
Suit3 for divorce have been filed by
Agnes A. Reas aghinst Charles H. Reas
for cruelty, Ernest Miller against Henri
etta Miller for cruelty, E. Ann Hooper
against Frank Hooper for desertion,
Matie E. Withcrholt against James H.
Witherholt \ for desertion. A. F. Rooker
against Ida M. Rooker for desertion and
Ray Mendel against Jules Mendel for in
fidelity. ¦
Time Ball.
Eranch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 27. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I..*., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
-Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 28
Dirlgo Skaguay & "Way Ports. Aug. 28
City of Seatrte. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 29
Senator Nome direct Aug. 29
Santa Ana Nome & St. Michael. Aug. 31
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 2
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 5
United" States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city .front .(Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
rived here this morning. Vessel sprung
another leak after leaving Hilo and put In
here for repairs.
Per schr Mary and Ida, from Bering Sea,
Aus 27— On July 25, 15 miles SW of Point Mol
ler, saw a one topmast schr ashore. Weather
too rouih to ro near.
Per stmr Jeanie — Arrived at Orca on Aug 17
stmr Valencia, from Nome. Sailed Aug 15—
Br barV - Fremont. On the 27th, at 9 a m,
passed stmr Grace Dollar, towing steam schr,
and saw stmr Empire.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 27, 10 p m— "Weather
thick; wind W, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GAVIOTA— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Aug 25, and sailed for San Fran-
UMPQUA— Arrived Aug 23-Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Ausr 27— Stmrs Arcata and
South Portland, for San Francisco.
WHATCOai— Sailed Aug 26— Bark Vidette,
for San Pedro. - ,
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 27— Bktn Kll
kitat, for Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aus 2&-Brig Courtney
Ford, for Everett. Aug 27 — Stmr Dolphin, .for
Skaruay.
Arrived Aug 26 — Stmr Umatllla, hence Au
gust 23. ,
Sailed Auk 27— Stmr Walla Walla, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Ausr 27— Br bark Dun
britton. from Toco^illa.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr
Mir.eola. from Nanaimo. • ' i
EUREKA — Arrived Aug 27 — Stmr Iaqua,
hence Aur 26.
Sailed Auk 27— Stmr Pomona and schr Ame
thyst, for San Francisco; schr Emma Claudina,
for San Pedro. \
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aus 27— Ship
Servia, from Honolulu. • . '
Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay.
ISLAND PORTS. -
ELEELE— Sailed Aug 8— Schr A B Johnson,
for Pu^et Sound.
LAHAINA— Arrived Aug 12— Schr "Wm Olsen,.
from Port Ludlow.
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug lo^Schr W J Pat
terson, for Puget Sound.
To sail Auff 22— U S stmr Solace, for San
Francisco.
HILO— Arrived Aug 11— Schr Mildred, from
Seattle.
Sailed Aue 16— Schr Serena Thayer, for Eu
reka. Aug 17— Bark Carrollton, for Tacoma.
Auj 20— Bark Roderick Dhu, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT.
NEW T^RK— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Aug; 2&— Bktn En
core, from Grays Harbor. '
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN-Sailed Aue 25-Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
BROWHE AD— Passed Aug 27— Br bark As
toria, from Portland, for Queenstown.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived Auk 27— Nor ship
Prince Arthur, from Port Gamble.
HONGKONG-Sailed Aug 12— Aus stmr Arls
tea. for San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed Aug 7— U S stmr Dlx, for
San Francisco. _
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Aug 2>-Br stmr
Ping Suey, from Seattle, for London.
HONGKONG — Arrived Aug 23 — Br stmr
Athenian, from Vancouver. ¦
MOJI— Sailed Aug 13— Ger Btmr Sithonla. for
San Francisco. \S' •*,
MORORAN— Sailed Aug 2S— Br stmr Glamor
ganshire, for Portland.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 27— Br stmr Doric,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN • STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Groase, for Bremen, stmr Cym
ric for Liverpool.
CORONEL— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Klntuck,
from Tacoma. ¦ ¦ _ "
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aub 27— Stmr Buenos
Ajrrean, from Montreal. • _
BOULOGNE— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam. — ¦
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aub 27— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, for Cherbourg and Hamburg.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Aug 24— Stmr Yangtse,
from Liverpool, etc, for Seattle.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Ausr 28 — Stmr
Oceanic from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded; stmr Waesland, from Philadelphia,
for Liverpool, and nroceeded.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived Drlor to Aug 2.—
Stmr Silrra, from San Franciaso, via Hono
lulu, Apia and Auckland. ¦ ' .
USHANT— Passed Aug 27-Stmr Denderah,
from Ban Francisco, via Montevideo and St
Vincent, for Hamburg._
Steamer. From. Due. '
Pomona Humboldt Aug. M
Seward Seattle Aug. 28
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 29
Teiius .-• Oyster Harbor ......... Aug. 23
Arcata.. Coos Bay Aug. 29
South Portland Coos Bay Aug. 23
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports..... Aug. 29
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pta. Aug. 23
Point Arena. . . Point Arena Aug. 39
Matteawan..:.- Tacoma _...... Aug. 30
Eureka • Humboldt Aug. 30
Milton ..•-¦ Nanaimo Aug. 30
Horda ...... Oyster Harbor Aug. 31
North Fork .... Humboldt Sept. 1
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 1
RpraDls .....'.• Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 1
Corona." Redondo & Way Ports Sept. 1
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 2
TTmatilla....... Puget Sound .... Sept. 3
AuRtralia....... Tahiti ........... .;....,:. Sept. 3
China '. China and Japan Sept. 3
Newport.. Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 3
TO SAIL.
¦ Steamer. Destination. •¦'- Sails. I Pier. •
~ ¦¦ ,"-• AuKnnt 28. •
Argyll .....••• N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm S. "W. 1
Czarina....." Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 7
Xpko .i.'. S.*Amcr &• Europe 12" m Pier 27
Slenal.....--- Grays & Willapa H 5 pm Pwll st
Q^ellc • China & Japan...'. 1 pm PMSS
C or ona ••• Redondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
San Juan Panama & Way.. .12 ,m PMSS
AufS"HNt ¦ 29. " . --.* xt
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports. Ill amlPier- 9
Mandalay.... CoqulHe River .... 5 pmlPier —
AnRTiKt 30. I : I
Sari Pedro.... Humboldt, : 1 10 amlPier 2
Pomona....." Humboldt .;: 1:30 p Pier J)
Ansnat 31.
Arcata. .."... Coos Bay .;...../.. 4 pm Pier 13
St. Paul...... Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 34
Mariposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Scutpmberl. '•-_,
Eureka... Humboldt ...... 9 amlPier 13
Santa Rosa.. San Dlepo & Wbv.. 9 amlPier 11
, ' Septembers. • i
Walla Walla. Puget Sound 'Ports 11 amlPier a
Point Arena.. Point Arena ... — 2 pm Pier ?
• September 3. • - ••¦-..:
Guatemala... Valparaiso &^Vay. 2 pm Pier 10
. Septeiril»er 4. ; |
H'k'gMaru.. China & Japan...; lpm PMSS
- September 5. ¦ I ..
Palena. Valparaiso & AVayl 2 pmlPier 10
North Fork... Humboldt "..| 9 amlPier 2
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, Ausust 27.
Stmr Jeanle, Nason, 9 days 8 hours from
Orca. . . ¦
Stmr Mariposa. Rennis, 6 days 11% hours
from Honolulu
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragff. . '»
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 14 hours from
Greenwcod.
Chil stmr Palena. Moon, 33 daya from Val
paraiso, via Mazatlan 5 days.
Ger ship Vasco de Gama, -Holdt, 77 dayi
from Iquique, via Caleta Buena 69 days.
Br ship Savernake, Toole, 64 days from Val
paraiso.
Schr Aloha, Fry, 24 days from Honolulu.
Schr Mary and Ida, Soderholm, 21 days from
Berirs Sea. , ¦ . .
CLEARED.
Schr Newark, Crangle, 15 hours from Fish
Rock.
SAILED.
¦v.: ' . Tuesday. "Ausust 27. ,
Btmr Czarina. Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Ital bark Emilia Ciampa, Jaccarino, Queens
town ; G W McNear.
Tuesday, August 27.
Btmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, Santa Crnz.
Schr Jennie Grlffln, Campbell, Bodega.'
SPOKEN.
Aue 14, lat 14 62 N. , Ion 122 60 W— Br bark
Mozambique, from Tacoma, for United King
dom; all well. ¦ : . -. , ¦ ,
Aug 23, lat 28 06 N, Ion 74 20' E—Stmr Fi
ance, from- New York, for Colon, with loss of
propeller blade. . - . ' .^. .
Aus; 13, lat 32 44 N, Ion 41 47 W— Br «hlp
Kate Thomas, from Portland, for Queenstown.
Per Ger shin. Vasco dejGama— July 12, lat
7 12 S, Ion 103 35 W, Br bark Lord Clyde, from.
Tres Marias Islands, for Hamburg.
July 17, bktn XJity of Papeete, .with 75,000
codfish. July 12, s:hr Arago, with 29,000 cod
fish. ¦ • •¦ ¦¦
MISCELLANEOUS,
VICTORIA, Aug 26— Br bark Senator, from
Chemainus Aua; 6, for Liverpool, put into . Hilo
leaking and' repaired, and sailed July 22. Ar-
Shipment of Flour.
The Italian bark Emilia Ciampa was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 18,
150 bbls flour, valued at $54,450, and 20,000 ft
lumber as dunnage,' valued at $300. >
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The Annie Johnson will load merchandise for
Hilo and the S. N. Castle same for Honolulu;
the Chas. B. Kenney, lumber for Sallna Cruz;
the J. D. Taliant, lumber at Blakeley for
Haiphong, COs. prior to arrival; the Thaiatta,
barley for Europe, 40s 6d, prior to arrival; the
John Ena, barley for New York, option o'
Europe, prior to arrival. The following ves
sels have been chartered prior to arrival to
load wheat for Europe: The H. F. Glade. 38s;
the California, 38s; the ,Harlech Castle, 38s 9d;
the La Bruyere, 3Ss 6d; the Norma (at Taco
ma), 3"s 6d. ':
Water Front Notes.
Of the fleet that made port Monday
nearly all havo been chartered. The H.
F. Glade, Harlech Castle, La Bruyere and
Thaiatta will carry grain to Europe, the
John Ena will carry, barley to New York
and the Charles B. Kenney lumber to
Australia.
Captain Gunderson got the Iaqua away
for Eureka Monday. All the union men
left the vessel vhen she came in with the
transport Lennox in tow, but that did not
bother Gunderson, as his vessel had to be
overhauled anyhow. Saturday she was
ready for pea and Monday the steamship
sailed for Eureka.
The Vasco da Gama arrived from Caleta
Buena yesterday with 15,700 sacks of
nitrate. She is chartered to load' wheat
for Europe.
"Wreckers Will Go to Work.
Reports from Unalaska state that the
four masted schooner James Sennett is
ashore on Unimak Island. The owners
hope to get her off and are sending wreck
ing material north on the steam schooner
Signal. T. P. H. Whitelaw has put the
stuff aboard and at Eureka the Signal will
transfer the material to the Brunswick.
The latter vessel will then go to Unimak
Island and try to get the schooner off.
The Coast and Geodetic steamer Path
finder reports that the James Sennett is
resting easy and can be got off with
jacks.
Schooner Reported Lost.
The schooner Mary and Ida arrived
from Bering Saa yesterday with a^catch
of 75,000 fish. On Jul j' 17 she spoke the
City of Papeete with 75,000 and the Arago
with 29,000 flah. On July 28, when fifteen
miles southwest of Point Moller, a top
mast schooner -was sighted ashore. The
weather was rough and stormy, and the
Mary and Ida could not get close enough
to make out the schooner in distress.
Hrs a Valuable Cargt>.
The Panama Railroad and Steamship
Company's Argyll takes away one of the
most valuable cargoes that has left here
for New York via Panama in many a day.
She has been delayed somewhat owing to
the strike, but, nevertheless, all .the
freight scheduled for her has been got
aboard. The cargo consists in part of
large shipments of wool, prunes, peas, old
metal, lumber, copper matte, cattle hair,
beans, bone black and barley. The whole
is valued at over $150,000. The barley de
tained the vessel, as it had to be landed
at the seawall and then, loaded into the
steamship.
She Is Homeward Bound From Man-
ila via the Hawaiian Islands.
The Solace is expected here from the
Philippines, via Honolulu, to-day. She
will probably be laid up for repairs, as the
war being now over, the Government has
no use for a transport. The Solace
has been in commission ever since the
Spanish war.
The Solace is in command of Captain
Herbert Winslow, who has been In this
port many times since the war began.
The personnel of the ship's officers is as
follows:
Lieutenant Commander G. M. Stoney, Lieu
tenant A. G. Rogers. Lieutenants C. A. Carr,
H O. Stlckney, L». M. Nulton, R. L. Has
brouck, Chester Wells, Roscoe Spear, Ensigns
H. L. Collins and E. C. Keenan, P. A. Ensign
S. G. Evans, Assistant Surgeon Edgar Thomp
son, Assistant Paymaster K. F. Hall. Pay
Clerk K. F. MoWllkle. Chief Sailmaker M. P.
Barr, Warrant Machinists J. W. Murray, C.
H. Hosung, Captain United States Marine Corps
M. J. Shaw, First Lieutenant H. C. Relsinfcer.
The passengers are: Mrs. J. A. Murphy,
Mrs. O. W. Kaester, Mrs. S. G. Evans. Mrs.
R. H. Orr, Mrs. I. W. Kite and child, Mrs.
W. J. Sears, Mrs. C. A. Carr, Miss Channell,
Mrs. Crone and three children, Mr. and Mrs.
Bias and three children, M. B. Chipman, E.
J. Doty, N. B. Smith. W. Estenbers, C. Oakus,
Naval Constructor T. F.' Jluhm. Lieutenant
Commander G. F. W. Holman, Lieutenant J.
E Palmer, Lieutenant E. L. Bissett. P. A.
Paymaster R. H. Orr. Pay Clerk A. H. Rob
inette, Naval Cadet W. V. Tomb.
TRANSPORT SOLACE IS 3>TJE.
p-ff-O HB Oceanic Steamship Company's
I Mariposa arrived from Honolulu
,11 yesterday. She made a good run
ll an( j was less than her schedule
time behind the Hongkong Maru.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Company's
Palena also made port on time, but did
not dock for several hours after the Mari
posa,
The Palena brought up eighteen steer
age passengers and the following in the
cabin: v
Emllie E. Gavin, Benjamin Samhuerza,
Camll G. Smith, Harold Smith. Maggie Smith,
Francisco Ulloa, Max Kittle, F. N. Grtebron.
Fernando Viver, Gerald Beaumont, Juan J.
Valades Carlos L. Volquarsen, Flora Volquar
6en. Emilia Volquarsen, Trinidad Henriquez.
The Mariposa brought the following pas
seng-ers from Honolulu:
Charles Bartlette. J. E. Bird, C. F. Bird. A.
H Baldwin. A. A. Braymer, Mre. Robert
Cowea, A. \V. C. Campbell. "W. H. 1 Chambers,
J Cooper F. J. Doyle. Miss M. M. Davis, Miss
N Dufflcy Mrs. Dlnklayo. Miss Dlnklayo. J.
W. Farweli. TV. J. Falkner, W. Gray, H. Gor
man, H. A. Isenberg. O. P. Jenkins B. E.
Kruger, Mrs. S. R. Kay, Miss M. Killean,
Miss R. M. Kelley. Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Lubke
and son, J. Lando. J. L.. McLean. J. McGov
ern. Captain Ryder, I- Rosenberg Mr and
Mrs. A. Scott. Mrs. Saucedo. L.. Schweitzer.
T Tralnor V. C. Tenney, Mrs. C. C. Von
Hamm, C. D. Vincent. G. N. Wilcox, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Young.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1901.
7
Both Vessels Get in Ahead of Time===Solace on Way
Home to Be Laid Up at flare Island.
MARIPOSA ARRIVES FROM HAWAII
AND PALENA FROM SOUTH AMERICA
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS. -
HO GREASE OR DANGEROUS DRUGS
In "Herpicide," the New Scientific
and Successful Dandruff Treatment.
Have you dandruff? Then you have a
contagious" parasite "disease, unpleasant,
unhealthy and one that will eventually
lead to baldness. To cure it you must de-
stroy the parasite that eats at the root of
the hair. *The only preparation for de-
stroying these germs is Newbro's Herpi-
cide. Charles .Klein of Laramle, Wyo.,
says: "Herpicide allayed the itching,
cured the dandruff and stopped my hair's
falling out; and it is bringing a new crop
of hair." Herpicide is free from grease
or dangerous drugs, and makes hair glos-
sy' and soft as silk. One bottle will con-
vince you of its meritu.
E N and
WOMEN
W^TaWV;*^?^**^ i^. Can obtain renew-
¦¦^^J^k^e^^ e(i str « n *th and
/ V > vicor by the use of
/ Ju^^f^fl^V'-vt "Dr. Pierce 1^ (lat-
:'/* F^X I V"\ ¦ "EIECTSIO BELT"
' and Appliances. Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity Is the remedy! Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Pierce's, for itvis the BEST.
- Thousands cured !
'.- (C^CaH at office or send a 2c stamp for
new "Rooklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO., 206 Post St.. San Fran-
cisco/- Eastern office — 1145 Broadway. New
. -'.York.-- -.. ."•--¦..•¦ ¦ ' ... - . .- ¦ - -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, '
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c "to $1 60 day;
. $5 to $8 week:J8 to $20 month. Free baths ;.Jiot
and cold water every room; tire grates In every
room; : elevator runs ¦ all - night.
AMTTSEMENTS.
. LAST WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
DANIEL FROHMAN'S CO.
With HILDA SPONO. .
First time here of the Madison-Square Theater
(N. Y.) Comedy Success,
WHEELS within WHEELS
Ey R. C. CARTON.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY
CHARLES FROHMAX will present
ANNIE RUSSELL
In R. Marshall's Comedy of Romance,
A ROYALMFAiVlILY.
SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-
MORROW MORNING.
CDHPIfll 1 NOTICE TO FIRST
OrtblALi NIGHT SUBSCRIBERS
SUBSCRIBERS Mil'*' 1 ' -CALL FO *
THtIR OPENING NIGHT TICKETS
NO LATf.R THW SATURDAY PRE-
CED'NO THE OPENING D**» »* ON
THF, FOLLOWING MOVD YMORN'NG
Ai.L«INCALLED-FO^^«JPSCRIB5R *
TICKETS WILL BE PLACE > ON SALE
AL1L THIS WEEK.
MR. JAMBS ANDTH2 ;
iveiiLl neill
/ V m J M Em^Sammf COMPANY.
Presenting the Clever, Lovely. Charming Com-
edy.
"ROSEMARY."
Evening.. 23c. 35c. SOc, 73c, $1.00
Saturday Matinee 23c, 50c. 75c
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAYS.
25c and 50c
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT!
The Brilliant Society Drama,
"M1N IDRAU HUSBflND,"
By. Oscar Wilde.
SEATS THURSDAY.
BEtASCOA"°THASJ:S i jfefftg t
-1 UtlSTt Cttt HAkX
. -TO-NIGHT.
Every Evening This "Week. •
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Magnificent Revival of the Great Melodrama,
...TWO ORPHANS...
Great Cast— Annette Marshall as Henrlette.
PS>tf'fcC Evenings ..10c. 15c, 25c, 33c. SOc
1 lili/LJ Matinees. 10c. 15c. 25c
NEXT TUESDAY EVENING^
Initial Production of Edward Eisner's Biblical
Drama.
••A VOICE FROM THE WILDERNESS."
OL YMF*! A iSZis Zc»
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITT. •
THE GAGNOUX,
Celebrated European Jugglers. |
IZA MILLER,
% Comedienne.
MEMPHIS~KENNEDY,
Musical Comedian.
ANNIE MORRIS,
t Coon Shouter.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
¦ 1 ; .
EXHIBITION GBOUHDS, TOLSOM AND 16TH STS.
.... TO-DAY....*
Thla afternoon at 2, to-night at 8, and every
afternoon and night untii Sept. 1 Inc. Doors
open ai 1 and 8 p. m. .
RINGLING BROS.'
NEW, BIG CIRCUS.
Biggest, Grandest and Most Complete Arenlc
Exhibition on Earth! Magnificent 3-Ring Cir-
cus. Mammoth Menazerie. Royal Roman
Hippodrome. Tremendous i Spectacular Dis-
play. 1000 People. 300 Performers. 500 Horses.
30 Elephants. Only Giraffe known to exist.
([^¦General admission, 50c: children under 12
years, half price. Reserved numbered seati
and admissions during: the entire engagement
at-Sheiman, Clay & Co.'s music warerooms,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,~ at exactly ' the
same price a3 charged at regular ticket wa-
gons on show grounds. ."•'•'-
Trf^fVHFR'C: CONCERT HOUSE.
* la Vf 1 .* itl , Admission 10c.
The Paloma Quartet, t Marietta Worth and
Co., Joe Edmunds, Fannie Raymond, Camel la
and'Amelita, *P: A.-Dunsworth, Coleman and
Mexia and Hinrichs' Orchestra. - ¦
Reserved Seats, 23c". Matinee Sunday.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« v Steamers . leave Broadway
' i»v W harf. San Francisco:
V^fc^- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
¦"\&S3&av every Jifth day. Change to
i«t>*1ru\grfa. compan.Ve steamers at Seattl*.
f3k gJEi^S^ Fcr Victoria. Vancouver (B.
' P^SC'J 3*^ C.). Port Townsend, Seattle.
! raffl^»ill Tacoma. Everett, Anacorte?
, r^*iv*^gja\ «nd New Wrmtcom (Wash.)—
ur- IT a. m.. every fifth day.
Chanse at Seattle for this
cotnpacj-'s rteamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.:
ot Seattle or Tacoma lor N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Hnmboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.
every fifth day.
For San Dieffo. rtopplng only at Santa Bar-
bara. Pert Los Anpeles and Redondo (Los An-
grele*)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. in.:
fteamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
a. m.
For Ijos Anpeles. calling at Eanta Cnii.
Monterer'. San Simeon: Cayueos. Port Harford
«S«n Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneine. East San Pedro. San Pedro
«nd ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. S a. m.; Eteamer Bonita. Tuesdays.
S a. in.
Fcr Erwnsfla. Mnrdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
end Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. "th each month.
For further information obtain company's
fc'ilers.
The company reserves the rlgrbt to chariir*
Fteamers. Falling dnys and hours of Falling
¦without previous notice.
TICKF.T OFFICE -4 Kew Montgomery
ttr«>et CPa'.ace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN'S A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market rt.. San Francisco.
O. #?. & N. CO.
Only Stnnmiililp Ijlns **»
PORTLAND, Or. t
And Short Rnll Lirsa from Portlnal to nil
relntw Ennt. Throufth tickets to nil
I?cint«. nil mil *>m «tfnnn'ii'> nil rail, ai
i*O"we:st hates.
ETE1SER TICKETS IKCLUDZ BERTH &d! HE1L1
ES. COLUMBIA
Fails Aug. a. 31, Sept- 10, 20, 30
CS. GEO. VT. ELDER
Ea!ls Aug. 26, Sept. 5. 15. 25
r>.TV.HITCHCOCK.GEX.Apt..I MontRm'y. S.P.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHD0H. PAUI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Ft. Louis Sept. 4|St. Louis Sept. 25
Philadelphia ..Sept. 11 ! Philadelphia ...Oct. 2
St. Paul *=e rt . IS Ft. Paul .Oct. 9
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York ¦Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Smnfcwark Sert. 4]7.ee!and Sept 25
Vadcr'.and Sept. HJFriesland Oct. 2
K»risinrrton Sept. IS Southwark Oct. 9
•Stop at Ct-.erboure. eartbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
Genoral Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYOTlSEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <H:oge). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkcn? with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
<iay of pailintr.
6S HONGKONG MARtT
Wedtxisday. September 4. 1931
FS. NIPPON' MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1901
£S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 23. 3901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fr«»:plit and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market ttreet, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
9ce§sics.s.coJiS£
5. S. MARIPOSA. fcr Honolulu only
Saturday. Augnst 31. 2 p. m.
6. K. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. September 11. 10 a. m.
6. P. VKNTI1RA fvia Honolulu), for Samoa,
New Zealnid p.rd Australia
¦ Thill sflmy. September 12. 10 a. m
.- B.SPREGEELS k BS2S. CO., Eensrai f.gsnts. S27 Ezrfit St
tea'! lzssz%K tfflSa, 643 KarkEt SL, Pisr Ko. 7. Pacific St
KOSMOS LINE.
SS. FERAPIS, DOT^) tons, salllns: Bept. 10th.
Ca.ro in«? pasp-.neers for Valparaiso and Ham-
burg, via M-'xi^en ports. Central and South
AmoHca. PS. BBSOSTRIS, FRiling about Nov 1
J. D. RIJRECKKLS & BROS. CO.. Agents
r. 13 MaikPt ft.. Pier Xo. 7. Freisrht Office, 327
PANAMA R. R. "flsf
TO HEW YORX ViA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 1C3; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S-S.Arftyll sai's . Vjj.
From Seawall Section No. 1.
5. S. LeclBnavf *n<i« ' t A-jft.
6. S. Argyll r-I'b .Sept.
From Howard street at 2 p. m.
FrMEht and Patfwnfrrr Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION. CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA D2 VAPORED
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3 Pier :o 12 m. f
GUATEMALA.. Sept. 3|COLOMBIA....Sept. 1«
PALEN'A Sept. SiTUCAPEL Sept. 28
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral • and South American passenger service.
«Nc change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end papseneer offire. 316 California street.
CALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
C3XPAGNIE GEKERALE TEANSATLAKTIQOE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
faHir.tr every Thursday, instead of <&XJ&Uk
faturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. 1 -'~ <c **
North River foot of Morton street: La Cham-
fapne Septe'mber 5: "La Savoie. September 12;
•L'Aquitaine. September 19; La Bretasne, Sep-
tember 2S. • ¦ "¦'*' ' -
First class to Havre, ?70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. ?45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets
Bold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamers GEN..FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
P:45 a. m.. S:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. *:*& a. m., 8:39 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. I p. xn.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:1S p. n». Far» 69
cents. Telephone Main 15C8. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2,'Ml»sJon-«t. flock. .HATCH BRO3.*
* ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
Pleasant I
Hours 1
Swiftly Flying— |
Tliose spent on the I j
California Limited
as it rushes and races fj j
across the country froru *4 \
San Francisco to Chicago g j
in 75 hours. »!
lieaves San Francisco at H ]
¦ 9 a. m. every Monday S
' and. Thursday on the H
Santa Fe I
Of this city and State have had
(&P4.-XY& their wrinkles removed at the
>«?'5>viS? Ne w York Institute of Derma-
/Liht !*t«5. tology. since its location in San
Francisco, just four months
->» a B°- To appreciate what these
accomplished physicians are do-
ing right here in your midst, it is only neces-
sary to visit their parlors, in the Columbian
bidg., 916 Market street, and see the remark-
able exhibition of the woman with one side
of her face badly wrinkled while the other
fide is made smooth and youthful to 6how
what true scientific dermatology can accom- •
plish. Seeins Is believing and many of the I
best i>eople of this city and State have been
treated either through seeing these convincing
demonstrations or after having seen the re-
sults of this treatment in some friend— the
method employed insuring against a return of
the wrinkles.
Tha Ftrict?st confluence is observed in inter-
view or correspondence and consultation Is
free. ILL-SHAPED NOPES, DOUBLE CHIN
PAGGY CHEEKS. DROOPING MOUTH
PUFFT. BAGGY I-IDS CORRECTED.
FRECKLES. HAIR, WARTS. MOLES AND
ALL, MARKS AND BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Call or address NEW YORK INSTITUTE
OF DEP.MATOLOGY. 3th floor, Columbian
bldg., 9J6 Market st. (opposite Emporium), San
Francisco.
La d y in recent ion.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY fcrMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
Cure Lost
¦ Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Nlsht Losses. Insom-
ria. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Bark,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unntness 1o Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, mmm Varicocelo or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *^ ffl vous Twitching ot
Eyelids, Effects are i"^_^rLlmmedlate. Im-
part vieor and pote C;eJ»* s n cy to every func-
tion. Don't set despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
W 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Addrp<"> BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ean Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
*nd O Third st.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
taUSEUB OF ANATOHY)
A Cft :::i«£EiXTEr.t6t.6:h*7:h,C.r.:al. £
T *^r The Lareest Anatomical Museum in the \
K _Jr__ World, weaknesses or any contracted B
" EK~ ±JW * sea " po»iU»«-Ij' cured lly the eldest T .
0 |2a| bpecialiit on the CcisL. EsL 36 years. • ©
A uW&h C«. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN h
\ B ffSfSB Consultation free and strktly pmate. \
A S jt^BeTn Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
\ fl nr tI H r °* icive Ctrt in erery case undertaken. T
fl T // WlTI Write for IlwIl.S'Illl.OltllPIIY of A
v • I IPl atnniAGE, mailed free, (ay
i |j jj, valuable book for mm) X
V I>R. JORDAN & CO., 1051 Market St., S. P. Y
1 A PERMANENT CURE !
a of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
> and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to fl 5
2 days ; nc other treatment requirccL \S
' K « Sold by all drnggiets. ¦ 5
CHICHCSTER'S ENGLISH
W-Cfii&SfiAYE. Alwari reliable. Lildlc^sV Drcrsirt
fiAIPisk tot CHMJHESTER'S KNGL1SU
4^%i* n jJtV'2\ i° KEI» an4 Gold metalllo boxes, tttfti
T3k ~-W?« *!"« "'<>• Hbbon. Take no other. Kofu.a
1?) '<** yvj I>s<*ccro«s f-ub»ittoUon» mnd Imltm.
I / 7~ • %B tiom *' Bo 7 « f y°" r Crucfltt. or tend 4e. ia
Wi FT Md ReM«f for Ladle*," in Utttr.by n»
«A iV -If turn Mail. 1O,OO»T«timoDlaJi. SoMbj
„ r 7 """' »n»ni«i«». Ch Ich e«ter Chemical C«,
KcnUoatU» paper. Uailm»w, t- qua re, 1'DIL.A^. I'jH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A book of happy, healthy, hand-
some babies, which gives their names,
tells where they live and what their
parents say about them.
The book also tells something'
about Mellin's Food— what it is —
how it is used — why it is needed, etc.
You can have this book by send-
ing us your name on a postal card.
Mellia'i Food contains the nutritive elcmento for the flesh, bones, muscles and teeth;
In feet, it nourishes the whole system and provides for a perffct and normal development.
0
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
WgpP [Cure yourselnl
¥ \ fof neuralgiail
iV\ ll and rheumatism II
f x f i if There Is no need for you to fl I
. / a IB 11 suffer with racking 1 , shooting: ul
/ M I a Bl an< * P^ ac & destroying pains Hi
¦ „ . # Jg 1 I Wm from neuralgia and rheuma- HI
/ ff I ¦' 1 By tism — take I>r. Halpruner's g J
/ m l a ' ¦¦ Pain Remover and Rheuma- Bl
I ._^y\ 1 51 ' " Iff tism cure— take it right away nl
- '• | Bl —don't put it off, but get well IB
BH Dr. Halpruner's Pain. Re- 1 1
. [_ B a mover la a medicine of re- 1 1
: . Ha markable curative powers. Ml
u li nr\m av t,' v rpuu /tdtd Hi and It never fails to benefit 88
HE GOT OVJ^THB GBIF. HI those who take it. Its pene- If
A well-known Eastern traveling man ii HSV n o ! f' 'fh^roubfe^nd 0 Ve- ll
was telling a group of his friends the |1 move pain a^d^nf^mmation |j
other night about a traveling acquaint- If . Jnt^ftbodv like wat^r nuts fi
ance of his that came out from New York II , ."^ XWi hov£* P * f!
"•nTismS name was Mann-Frederick $1 p^ a^mover II
Talbot Mann. Perhaps some of you know II £fv£L«it drue-rfat. or ff^pr II
Sffl a Jr£p^rk t 1733 StrC€t> near Si SSTItoftK?* tJl'tLVlZ 11
H U
grippe. He caught It in New TorK in hi «Mii-»rt- «)«> a.r>nTv th« mwii- B"B
January; everybody had it there. Mann || ?Jie vWorousfv to the a?^ct IS
suffered all the way out here, and as my I! «L ne S» OllSl^ t tO r5 ne trkt^ Bl
berth was across the aisle from his I ren- fl Jg ** "J2l at .f £ he lf n * r d „ ll
dered as much assistance as I could. There Ml ££!¦?£• nlura^la a\id rh Ju H
was a doctor friend of mine aboard the II £??£ oaint Demand the IS
train but everything we could do was of SI uemana tne fl
no avail, and Mann kept getting worse all fl I genuine. a a
the time. When the train reached San II §_/-. I.-. J- >^-+^. Ba
Francisco he v,-as very sick. Some of S3 Jrgft 1 fl ii I PIC< *^% HV
his friends met him at the train, and IS * *V1I|-Ji WJIVJ %7 H|
that 'was the last I saw of him until Hi II
to-day. \ HI Free Advice to Bl
"I was out driving in the park thi3 gl I R „ - . „„„, ... v „ .. j Hi
morning and who should I see but Mr. HI _ s h " ff * r , e , I l I k now.lt ||
Mann, hale and hearty and out for a bit gl Zrite partic- fa flne for Ift
of fresh air. He walked up to the buggy 9| tilars of their rhetunatls m. Bl
as soon as he saw me and we had quite a us case to Dr. for I have 2 1
chat. I asked him how he got over the II w. S. Hal- tried it with II
grip. He said as soon as he was removed II prune r. 23 nt .*n m ¥ r »- a:
to his home. from the train one of his |l California *£f'.. re^ Jti
friends persuaded him to try a bottle of 13 street. wUl be ' 81
Halpruner's Wonderful Pain Remoter. HB f£^% br ," S ll
and before he had completely taken one || . letter free. Stockton. CaL |A
.bottle he was greatly relieved, and the El —^^^™» ¦¦
second bottle cured him entirely. m\ • »^^JrJ
"He was very enthusiastic in his praise g&| , | mii 1 '*'^
for this medicine and said he. never before
had much faith in patent medicines, but mover is a family medicine good for most
he could not deny the wonderful effects of all the common ailments that constantly
Halpruner's Pain Remover. He said he annoy members of the household, good to
Inhaled it and took It internally and that have on hand at all times. Druggists and
he could break up the severest kind of a grocers sell it 50 cents and $L0O a bottle,
cold with a few inhalations" of the medl- or send direct to Halpruner Medical
cine." Manufacturing Company. 28 California
Dr. Halpruner's "Wonderful Pain Re- street, San Francisco, CaL
AMUSEMENTS. '• ':
*T 1 VO Ui*
Evenings at 8 Sharp. Matinee at 2 Sharp.
To-nfght, Friday and Saturday,
...IL TROVATORE......
Thursday. Sunday Nights and Saturday
Matinee.
THE GREAT PRODUCTION of the SEASON!
boito's
......MEFISTOFELE.
NEXT WEEK..... "NORMA" and "M1GNON"
POPULAR PRICES 23c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, AUG. 23.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved. .
30 VAUDEVILLE CELEBRITIES!
NOVELIZES TO BTJBN!
I<ucille Saunders, the Great Powell
and His Company, the Cragg Fam-
ily, Eichard Jose, the Four Otts,
Iiefebre's Saxophone Quartet, P.e-
marc and Bilay and the Biograph.
Last Week of Louise Thorndyke
Boudcault and Company.
to-night • — —
The World's Most Wonderful Love Story.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
And WHITE WHITTLESEY In
Romeo and Juliet.
Superbly Mounted! Elegant Costumes!
Powerful Cast!
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY! *V^
Next Week .' INGOMAR
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Farewell Week ot
DANIEL FRAWLEY AND COMPANY
LORD AKD^LADY ALGY.
A Comedy In Three Acts by R. C. Carton.
On Thursday evening a handsome auto-
graphed souvenir photograph of Daniel Fraw-
ley will be given to each lady present.
PRICES— 10c, 13c. 25c. SOc. 75c.
Good Orchestra Se&s all Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
NEXT WEEK
JOSEPH HAWORTH....IN...."ROSEDALE/*
CHUTES AND^ZOO ¦2T«SSS^.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE, THE MAID OP THE AIB.
TO-MORROW NIGHT. ¦
THE AMATEURS
And the MIKADO MINSTRELS.
Telephone for -Seats, Park 23.
FOR MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP
KID CARTER vs. GEORGE GARDNER
20 ROUNDS!
KID MADDEN ys. TOM HERMAN.
15 ' ROUNDS !
FRIDAY EVENING. August 30. — i \
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
-ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admlsison. 25c Children. 20c.
palace : t
V _• . These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
l ' v "*^ Ista and r travelers ap-
rDAMn preclate — central loca-
(3ICAHU Hon. liberal manaye-
uatkt C ment. , modern appolnt-
llU 1 HL3, ments and perfect cui-
sine.
5*3 - American, and Euro-
*^ pean plans,
Francisca. tNew York Grain and Produce.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Lower . cables combined
with bearish reports of the enormous Russian
crop caused a weak opening • In . * .wheat. ' .:.' A
rush of selling orders . during the first few
minutes of trading carried prices below yes-
Ch icago Grain 'Market.
, GRAIN BAGS— Grain Bags, are easy at the
decline already noted. Calcutta Grain Bags 7%
@7%c: local make. %c less than Calcuttas;
T^t* g A 32 ® S5c = F^ece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit
r*Nrwn C f^ cotton and 8 %®S%c for jute.
LANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
General Merchandise.
Continued From Pago Eight.
• VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l%@2c; String
Beans, , lK3c: . Llmas. 2@2%c; .Cabbage.- 55®60c
per ctl: Tomatoes from the river, 30@50c; from
Alameda, •> SOeCfftl 25; Dried Peppers. 10@12%c;
Green Okra, | 40@75c . per box ; Carrots. 25@35c
per sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 30©50c; Pickles, iy t
<??l%c per lb for small and lq for large: Garlic,
2@3c ; Green Peppers. 40@50c per box for Chile
POTATOES— $1 20@l 40 in sacks and $1 35@
1 65 in boxes for Burbanks, $l@l 15 for Garnet
Chiles and $1 23 for Early Rose; Salinas Bur
banks, $1 40@l 60; Sweets. 75c@$l for Rivers and
$1 25 for Merced.
- ONIONS— Yellow, 90c@$l 10 per ctl; Pickle
Onions. 50@65c per ctl. : :
Those Vegetables which have been cheap and
depressed so long are now doing . better, as
shippers have disgusted and are not
sending them in so I freely. Cucumbers and
Squash arc higher, but Peppers and Egg Plant
continue cheap. >
Receipts of Potatoes fell off to 4255 sacks.
The demand for shipment was reported as good
as.ever'and quotations showed no. disturbance.
The Onion market was higher, under, a good
demand and greatly decreased receipts. It is
now said that the . California j crop is turning
out shorter than expected. ' .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— Buyers were rather
scarce In the tin market and -values eased on*
about 12% points, closing easy in tone with sel
lers for spot at $27 50. ; The London market
also declined £1, spot closing at '£115 10s and
futures at £111 2s 6d, with sales of thirty tons
spot and fifty ¦ tons | futures reported executed.
Copper in the local \ market was dull and more
or less, nominal ' at • $16 50@17 f or . lake and
$16 37%@16 62% for casting. In London copper
New York Metal Market.
Quotations: Territory, scoured basis, Mon
tana fine. 14@17c;; scoured. 44@46c; fine me
dium. 14®16c; scoured. 42@43c; staple, 16@17c;
scoured, . 46@48c. ,. Utah. .Wyoming and Idaho
fine. 13%@15c; scoured. 43@47c; fine medium 13
@14c; scoured, 40@43c; staple, 16@17c; scoured,
46@47c. .Australian scoured basis, spot prices,
combing superfine.- 74iHi75c; super, • 71@72c ; good,
6S@70c; average. 65@67c. •
BOSTON, Aug. 27.— Prices • are being fully
maintained In the wool market and the buying
continues steady. Although manufacturers are
purchasing large lots, yet it is only for Im
mediate use and , the continued absence of
speculation is noticeable. The . bulk of the
wool selling continues in the territory grades.
The sales range about . the scoured basis
of 44@45c for strictly fine lots with medium at
42@43c and choice staple lines 46@4Sc. Aus
tralian wools are quiet. . .
Boston Wool Market
- PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and ujider \ 6J>: tr
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders. ; sows. 20 pe'r cent
off; boars, 50 per cent off and stags. 40 per cent
° tt r ir ° m tne above quotations: dressed Hogs,
LAMB— S@9c per lb.
. Local dealers are rather looking for lower
prices for Beef and Mutton later on. They say
that the scarcity and high prices of feed in the
West will divert to this market a good deal of
Nevada stock, which would otherwise have gone
to Chicago and other Western points, and this
market may become oversupplied In conse
quence. . Thus far, however, no change In the
situation is perceptible.
, Hogs are steady and unchanged, as the de
mand and supply about balance.
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: ¦ . """^
BEEF— 6®6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb for
cows. ¦
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes, 7@7%c De r
pound. ¦¦ • *^-
San Francisco Meat Market.
: Quotations for Beans are somewhat nominal
and dealers expect them to remain so until
the new ! crop comes, forward. Business is
¦very quiet at the moment.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 60@2 75; Small White $4 83
@5; Large White, $4@4 25; Pink, $2 S0@ 2 40;
Red, $3@3 75; Blackeye, $3 50; Llmas, $6 40®
6 50; Red Kidney. $4 25 per ctl.
• SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 50; : Canary,
3%@3%c for Eastern;' Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
I%g2\ic; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
S S 2 t3 m *5
0 3 «*2'H. "3 <j it
STATIONS. 3 |a|| <~ ' £0 5
: - - ' : t£
Astoria 30.08 66 52 NW Pt Cldy .00
Baker G0.C4 "2 44 NE Clear .00
Carson 29.88 84 46 W Clear .00
Eureka „.. 29.98 5S 54 NW Clear .00
Fresno £9.76 96 64 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.96 80 &0 E Pt Cldy .02
Pocatello, Idaho. ..29.81 SO .. W Clear .00
Independence 29.64 S8 64 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.84 S2 62 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.66 104 84 W Clear .00
Portland 30. C2 70 £2 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.76 SS 68 NW Clear .00
Rcseburg 23.94 80 4S NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.76 S4 CO S Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.73 S6 72 NW Clear T.
Fan Francieco 23.90 58 £2 SW Cloudy .00
San Luis Obispo.. .29.92 72 48 V? Clear .00
San Diego ...29.84 70 64 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.10 70 66 NW Clear .00
Spokane. ...":.......3Q.«2 76 E2 SW Pt Cldy .00
Xcch Bay 30.10 frj 54 NW Clear .00
TValla Walla 29.36 SO 54 SW Clear '.CO
Winnenttacca 29.82 S2 48 N Clear .00
Yuma 29.C4 106_78_SW Clear T.
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
NEW TORK, Aug. 27.— Flour— Receipts,
28,370 barrels; exports, 12,275 barrels. Quiet.
Wheat — Receipts, 137,550 bushels; exports,
126,036 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red f. o. b.
afloat. 77c; No. 2 red, 75%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 78*/ic f. o.' b. afloat; No
1 herd Duluth, 84V' 8 c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady, developing a later sharp ad
vance on liberal clearances, light offerings and
a rise in corn. Reaction under large 'pri
mary receipts and weak cables, the market
rallied again on covering and closed firm at
%@%c net advance. September, 75 5-16@;5%c,
closed 75%c; October, 75%@76c, closed 75%c;
December, 76%@77*jgc. closed 77%c.
Hops — Quiet. State, common to choice, 1900
crop, 13@15c; Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 13*i)l5c
Hides— Steady.
Wool— Dull.
Coffee— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 5»4=
mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@ll%c. . '
Futures closed with a n?t decline of 5 to
10 points. Total sales 32,500 bags. Including
September,' 4.80c; October, 4.85c; December,
5.05c; March, 5.30c; May, 5.50c; July, 5.60c.-
Sugar— Raw, steady; fair refining.' 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4c; molasses- sugar, 3 5-32c;
refined, quiet. .
Butter — Receipts, 11,143 packages. Quiet and
barely steady. -State, dairy, 14@Rc; creamery
16<§20c; June packed factory. 14%@15%c.
Eggs— Receipts, 12,414 packages. Steady to
firm. State and Pennsylvania, 18@20c: -West
ern, candled, 17@17%c; Western, uncandled,
14@17c. • • ;.
A small Jobbing demand was noted for
choice grades of evaporated apples, and they
held quite firm in prices. State, common to
good, 5@7%c; prime, 8@8%c;- choice, 9c; fancy.
9%c. - . - .
. California dried fruits inactive, but • about
steady at old prices.
Apricots— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark' 8%c. '
Peaches— Peeled, 11©1Sc; unpeeled, C<gsy.c. .'
Prunes— 3% @7c. _¦
Hay still runs along about the same,' being
in slack demand and easy, though there is no
decline. Bran and Middlings rule firm at the
high prices, with moderate stocks.
BRAN— $20@21 per ton. 1 .
MIDDLINGS-$22<£23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing.
$26 £0; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18 ; ' Corn Meal, $32i<
33; Cracked Corn. $32 50® 33 50; Mixed Feed. $17
#18. : ' - -. •
HAY— Wheat, $7@9 50;' choice, $10@10 50;
Wheat end Oat, $6 50@9; Oat. $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa. $8 50@10 50; Clover, $5 50
@7: Volunteer, $4 50@5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $178,118,609; gold. $104,728,922."
Condition of the Treasury.
THE COAST RECORD.
Boston. 72-C2; Clncir.nnatl, S4-66: Jackson
ville. 90-71; Kansas City, 94-70; Philadelphia,
M-6S; Washington, 84-70; New York. '80-70.
Eureka, 58; Mount Tamalpais, E2; Independ
ence. SS; Rtd" Bluff, 58; Fresno, S6; Lcs An
geles, fc2; Sacramento. St; San Luis'Obispo, 72;
tian Diego. 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ES; minimum, £2; mean, 5L
The follow.ng maximum and minimum tem
j/eratures are reported from Eastern cities:
The fr.llowir.g maximum temperatures wers
reported from stations in California to-day:
(lTOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 27—5 p. m
Weather Report.
Dealers continue to report a firm and well
cleaned-up Wool market, the demand extend
ing to all descriptions and grades. Hops are
steadily held at the new quotations, though no
sales of the new crop have thus far been re
ported. Hides remain as before quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations.' Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium, 9%c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
6%c: Salted- Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, ISc: Culls and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15® 30c each; short Wool,
30@50c each; medium, 5C@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l
each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50@2 73 for large and
$2@2 25 for medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c
for Colts; Horse Hides/, dry, $1 75 for large.
$1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. ' Goatskins— Primo Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease, 2%<g3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendccino, 14@15%c; do Lambs', lie per lb*
Middle County, defective, 8@10c; Southern free,
7 months, 7@10c; do, defective, 7 mchths, 7@
8c; Oregon Valley fine 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice ll@13c
do. fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada, lftgll^c. Fall-
San Joaquin; 6%@8%c; San Joaquin Lambs'
7%@9c. . , - *
HOPS— New, 12@15c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27. — Money on call,
steady at 2%©3 per cent; last loan, 2% per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, easy, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 86% for demand and
$4 84% for sixty days. Posted rates $4 851A
and $4 88. Commercial bills, $4 83 1 ,i@4 84<4T
Bar silver, 58%c. Mexican dollars, 45%c. Gov
ernment bonds, steady; State bonds, inactive;
railroad bonds, weak.
New York Money Market.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are i as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per- 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4£f4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat.' W 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@$ 35
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25ff
3 50, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 73 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
63. • ¦ ' . 1
Flour and Millstuffs.
Cent L & P... 4 — Pac Light .... — 47
Equitable ; 5 — Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 5% 7 S F G & E.... 39*i 40
Oakland 51% 52 San Francisco. 4% 4V4
Pac Goa Imp. — 40 Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 247 |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — 81 L P £ A 135 ISO
California .... — 406 Mer Ex (liq>.. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F National. 127%1»
First National.305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1885 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 273 — '
Mutual Sav.... 52 — Union Trust.,1600 —
San Franclsco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — 10 S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 35»,j 40
Market 76% — I
POWDER.
Giant 75% 76%IVIgorit »%. .—
SUGAR.
Hana ( 6% Kilauea 11% 12
Hawaiian — 50 Makaweli 25% 27U
Honokaa 11% EJ%Onomea 23 25
Hutchlnson ... 13% UsTilPaauhau U'% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska. Pack..l29%13Wg| Oceanic S Co.. 37 ""— . ~
Cal Fruit Can. 95 97%! Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 95 100 I Pac C Borax. 1B5 — ¦
Mer Ex 110 — JPar Paint .... u —
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers* Association." 133 on
5 Hana Plantation Co.... 8 in;
25 Honokaa Sugar Co y, /JJ a
85 Hutchlnson S P Co 13 ~
70 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co " v> en
$6000 Market Street Cable 6s "12s X
$S00O Market Street Ry 1st con 03... ""r>4 n
50 Mutual Electric Light.., 'I «5u
13 Paauhau S P Co " ,J 5r' a
45 Paauhau S P Co iT, t%
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. "a'sft J5 &,
. 10 S F Gas & Electric Co.. Ja m
65 Spring Valley Water -.^[Z^l u 00
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77 73% I Port Costa «0 85
Marin County. 53 — | Spring Valley. 85%. 86ft
Bay C P C Ss.107 — Oceanic SS 5s. — 103
Cal-st 5s 117 — Omnibus C 6s. 130% —
C C Water os.107% — Pac G Imp 4s. 98 100
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133% Pk & Cl H 63. 108 112*i
Fer & Cl R 6s. — — Pk & O R Ss..ll7 —
Geary-st as.... — — Powll-st R 6s..l20 "
H C & S 5%3..106# — Sac E O R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s — — S F & SJV 53.122^1 —
Los Ang R 63.H6 117 Sierra Cal Sa.. — —
L A Light 6s..l01t4 — S P o* A 6a
Do gntd 6s. ..100 — (1909) 112 _
Do gntd 5S..102 — (1910) U3U —
L A & Pac 5S.102U — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1905). Ser A. 109 110
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% (1905). Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m 53.124% — (1906) 112% —
Nev C N G 73.105 114 (1912) mHiai
N R of Cal 63.112 - S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119%l21Vi c gntd 5s.:. ..107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.. 101% — S P Br Cal «a.l36 —
•k- 00^ 3 ;-^"-"-! 0^ — S V Water 6a.ll4%llWi
Nor Cal R 53..111 — Do 4s 103 —
Oak Gas 5s.... 113 — Do 4s 3d m..l01T» —
Do Trans 6s.ll9%120 Stktn Gas 6s. .104 —
Do Water 5s. — 103
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. .113 113% 4s quar (new).137%133
4s quar reg.... 113 113% 1 3s quar coup...lOS%
UNITED STATES BONDS.
TUESDAY, Aug. 27— J p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Lard leads the list in point of firmness and
is selling freely at the revised quotations be
low. Hams and Bacon are steady and In fair
movement. There is nothing new in barreled
goods.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; California Hams,
13%c: Mess Beef. $11 per barrel: extra Mess,
$12- Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; ex
tra', clear. $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces ! quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and He for pure; half- barrels, pure,
11% c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half -barrels, 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. ,
Provisions.
A fairly active business was done on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, but
values showed little disturbance.
The oil stocks continued In brisk movement,
with slightly lower quotations for Home and
Petroleum Center and an. advance In Mon
arch.
In the afternoon there was nothing new oa
the Bond Exchange except a shading off fa
Oceanic to $37 '50. The oil stocks were quieter.
The Devil's Den Oil Company's assessment
of %c fell delinquent yesterday.
LONDON. Aug. 27.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchison
81%; Canadian Pacific, 115; Denver and Rio
Grande, 47%; do preferred, 96%; Northern Pa
cific preferred, 101%; Union Pacific preferred,
94%; Southern Pacific. 62%. Bar sliver, steady,
27d per ounce. Money, 1@1% per cent.
CLOSING,
Copper stocks were heavy on the absence of
a confirmation of the great combination which
Is scouted here, the Rothschilds denying any
knowledge of it
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The settlement was easy but absorbed at
tention. The trend of the stock market was
good, although there Is some uneasiness over
the rumor of a fresh war loan. The American
stocks remained hard, but without support
until the New York opening, when, on profit
taking, Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul de
veloped strength, spurting upward %. The
general list, however, was not responsive.
After the market's close there was an attempt
to rally stocks on the curb, but they relapsed,
closing near the bottom.
London Market.
FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST XT.
Flour, qr sks 89,328 Bran, aks S.310
"Wheat, ctla 1,375 Middlings, ska .. 1.339
Barley, ctla 560 Sugar, ctla 2,516
Oats. Ctla 7,010 Tallow, ctla 272
Shorts," sks 12 Wool, bales 153
Beans, ska 2S7 Wine, srals 12.S5O
Corn, ctu 130 Quicksilver, flsk. 200
Potatoes, ska .... 4.2551 Pelts, bdls VA
Hay. tons 163'Hides. No 1.207
Straw, tons 71 Leather, rolls ... 41
Onions, ska 5i5i
Receipts of Produce.
Earl Company fruit sales: Pears— Bartletts,
$1 50@2 90, average $2 61, bofces ; $1 25@1 35, aver
age $V27. half boxes; $1 45@1 50, average $1 4J,
single crates. Grapes — Malagas, $1 15@1 50, aver
age $1 42. single crates; Malagas, clusters, aver
age $2 55, single crates; Muscats, 85c@$l 20,
average $1 12, single crates; Tokays, 95c@$2 30,
average $1 69, single crates. Peaches— Bogier,
average 50c, boxes; Crawford, average 43c,
boxes; Mulr, 40@45c, average 42c, boxes; Orange
Cling,, average 65c, boxes; Strawberry Free,
average 60c, boxes;. McDevitt's Cling, 40(g6oc,
average 54c, .boxes; Susquehanna, average 65c,
boxes. Plums— Bradshaw, average 75c, single
crates; Kelsey Japan. 70c@$l 25,- average 74c,
single crates; Washingtons, average $130, sin
gle crates; Yellow Egg, r average $120, single
crates. Prunes— Germans, $1 3001 55, average
$152, single crates; Gros, $1 50@l 55, average
$1 53, single crates. - Seven cars of fruit sold
to-day. . ¦ ... . >¦ . .
Car from Vacavllle:' Pears— Bartletts, $2 25®
2 95, average $2 65, boxes. Peache*— Orange
Cling, 55(?I65c, average 62c. boxes; Piquet's Late,
average 50c, boxes; Elberta, average 60c, boxes;
Salway, average 30c, boxes; Mulr, average 30c,
boxes. Nectarines— Average 65c, boxes, single
crates average 80c. Grapes — Tokays, $1 55@$2,
average $1 75, single crates; Rose de Peru, 55@
65c, average 64c, single crates. Gross sale $1220.
Car from San Jose: Pears — Bartletts, $1 35@
2 20, average $1 84, boxes. Prunes — Bulgarian,
45@65c, average 49c, single crates; German, $145
@1 50, . average $148, single crates; Gros, aver
age $1 40, single crates. Plums— Yellow Egg,
$1@1 15, average $1 09, single crates; Columbia,
S0@«3c, average S2c, single crates; mixed, aver
age $140, single crates. Seven -hundred and
twenty-four packages grossed $800.
BOSTON, Aug. 27.— The Earl Fruit Company
to-day sold California fruit here at auction and
realized prices as follows: Peaches — Late Craw
ford, boxes, S0c@$l, average 89c. Pears — Bart
letts. boxes, $2 C5@2 85, average $2 64. Three
cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit:
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany to-day sold. California fruit here at auc
tion and realized the following prices: Pears —
Bartletts, boxes. $1 50@2 90. average $2 61; Bart
letts, half boxes, $1 25@1 35, average $127; Bart
letts, single crates, $1 45@1 50, average Jl 49.
Grapes — Malagas, single crates, $1 15@1 50, aver
age $1 42; Clusters, Malagas, single crates,
average $2 55: Muscats, single crates, 85c@$l 20,
average $112; Tokay, single crates. 95c@$2 30,
average $1 69. Peaches — Bogler, boxes, average
E0c; Crawford, boxes, average 45c; Muir, boxes,
40@45c, average 42c; Orange Cling, boxes, aver
age 65c; Strawberry Free, boxes, average 60c;
McDevitt's Cling, boxes, 40©65c, average 54c;
Susquehanna, boxes, average 65c. Plums —
Bradshaw, single crates, average 75c; Kelsey
Japan, single > crates, 70c(g$l 25, average 74c;
Washingtons, single crates, average $130; Yel
low Egg, single crates, average $1 20. Prunes —
Germans, single crates. $1 30@l 55, average $1 52;
Gros, single crates, $1 50@l 55, average $1 53.
Seven cars sold here to-day. Favorable ; weather.
Car from Sacramento: Peaches— Crawford,
average $1 10 boxes; Susquehanna, average $1 05
boxes; Freestones, average 90c boxes; Orange
Cling, average $1 25 boxes. Plums— Kelsey
Japan, average $2 60 boxes; 60c@$l, average
89c single crates; Columbia, average 80c single
crates. Prunes— Gros $1@1 30, average $1 20 sin
gle crates. Pears — Bartletts 70c®$l 25, average
Jl 07 boxes; 95c®^l 05, average 9Sc half-boxes;
Seckles $1 30@l 50, average $1 39 half-boxes.
Grapes— Tokay, average $1 80 single crates;
Muscatel, average $1 25 single crates. Gross
sale. J1345. Six cars fruit sold to-day.
Porter Brothers Company sales
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, %2 80
@5 boxes; %\ 20@l 7a, average $1 64 half-boxes.
Peaches— Late Crawford 70c@$l 33, average 91c
boxes; Orange Cling $1@1 25, average $1 14 boxes;
White Free 80® 95c;, average S5c boxes; Straw
berry Cling, average $1 05 boxes. Prunes— Groa
$1 50@l 95, average $1 76 single crates; Hungar
ian $1 60@l 80, average $1 70 single crates; Sil
ver $1@1 40. average $1 34 single crates. Plums
—Victoria $1 35@1 40, average $1 37 single
crates. Grapes— Tokays' $2@2 10, average $2 C6
single crates; Malaga $1 20i@l 60, average $1 43
sinsle crates; Malaga Clusters $1 70®2 35, aver
age $1 83 single crates.
Northern California — Fair In the ' Interior,
cloudy and foggy along the coast Wednesday;
frfsn southwest wind.
Southern California— Cloudy "Wednesday,
Generally fair weather prevails over the Pa
cific slope. A thunderstorm is reported from
Salt L&ke City. The pressure has fallen along
the coast from San Francisco northward and
rliseri over the plateau region.
The .temperature has fallen along the coast
cf Southern California and risen over Central
Washington; in other districts the changes have
been slight.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy and foggy
weather along the California coast, and prob
ably showers in the mountains of Southern
California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight August 2S:
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. •
Shocks— Sales. High. Low. Cl.
Atchison 46,200 J80% 77H 78
Atchison pfd 5,400 99% 97% 98
Baltimore & Ohio 9,200 105% 103% 103%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 400 94% 94% 94
Canadian Pacific 1,900 112 110% 110%
Canada Southrn 1C0 70 70 68
Chesapeake & Ohio 7.200 43 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton 3,100 41 39% 33%
Chicago & Alton pfd 1,600 78% '78% 78%
Chicago Ind & Louis... 600 39 38 38%
Chicago & East Illinois 125
Chicago & Gt Western. 1,200 23 22% 22%
Chi & Gt West A pfd.. 200 So 84 83
Chi & Gt West B pfd 47%
Chicago & Northwestrn 195"
Chicago Rock laid &. P. 2,000 146 144 144%
Chicago Term & Trans. 1.200' 22 20% 21%
Chi Term & Trans pfd. 500- 42% 41% 41U
C C C & St Louis 200 90 90 89%
Colorado Southern -4,600 15% 15% lo'i
Colo Southern 1st pfd.. 3,600 58 67% 57
Cclo Southern 2d pfd... 900 26% 25% 25%
Delaware & Hudson.... 2,000 165% 167 168%
Delaware Lack & West 225
Denver & Rio Grande... 2,400 45% 45»* ' 45%
Denver & R Grande pfd 700 93% 93 S2%
Erie 43,700 45% 41% 41%
Erie 1st pfd.r» 9,100 71% 69% 70
Erie 2d pfd 6,100 58% 55% 56%
Great Northern pfd 700 187% 184Vi '
Hocking Valley :... 600 53% 52»i 52%
Hocking Valley pfd 76
Illinois Central 1,600 148 146% 146%
Iowa Central 200 39 39 38%
Iowa Central pfd 100 75 75 74%
Lake Erie & Western.. 500 65% 64% 64
Lake Erie & West pfd '. 125
Louisville & Nashville. 19,400 106% 104% 105%
Manhattan L 7,500 121% 119% 119%
Metropolitan Street Ry. 200 167% 167% 167%
Mexican Central 100 25% 25% 23
Mexican National 2,100 12% 11% 11%
Minneapolis & St Louis 900 108 ¦ 107% 107%
Missouri Pacific 9,500 108% .105 105%
Missouri Kans & Texas 2,200 29% 28% 28%
Missouri K & Tex pfd.. 1.2M 57% 56 56
New Jersey Central 100 163 165 162
New York Central 6.950 156% 154% 154U
Norfolk & Western 16,400 57»4 '54% 55%
Norfolk & Western pfd goy
Northern Pacific pfd.... 800 98 98 98
Ontario & Western 12,600 36% 35% 35
Pennsylvania 24,400 148% .142 146%
Reading 20.100 45«4 43% 43«
Reading 1st pfd......... 4.600 77% 76% 76%
Reading 2d pfd "6.900 66% . 55 60
St Louig & San Fran.... 3,200 44% 43% 43%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd." 100 81 81 81
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— Prices of stocks were
toppled over to-day and the recently prevailing
bull movement apparently came to an end.
The hesitating tone which developed yesterday
continued this morning. After the first reces
sion In prices strenuous efforts were made to
check the reaction, which met with a degree of
success. The character of the buying in St.
Paul was a large influence for a temporary
upturn of the markets. Very large lots of this
stock were taken by brokers supposed to act
for the group of financiers which has been
foremoEt in forwarding projects for the com
munity of interest in railroad ownership. Op
erations toward supporting the market else
where were attributed to the most conspicuous
operator on the street and the . apparent con
fidence with which they were conducted served
to intimidate the professional operators of a
smaller class, who were inclined to take a
bearish view of the market. But when this
latter class detected the diminution of the
outside buying through commission-houses and
some evidence of profit-taking by the longs
they offered stocks down boldly and by un
covering stop-loss orders dislodged very- heavy
offerings, under which the market broke badly.
With the downward tendency established the
traders gave a pessimistic twist to the cur
rent news, as is their wont. There was, how
ever, little news to account for the course of
the market. The inference was clearly justi
fied that the buying and bidding, which for
two weeks past represented an experiment by
stock market operators who hoped to attract
a sufficient outside interest by this means to
make an active bull speculation. Yesterday's
extremely moderate demand from outside
sources chilled the expectation of the bulls and
what long lines had not been sold to realize
profits were forced to sale more urgently to
day with the still further diminution in the
outside demand. Naturally the stocks which
had been recently ! bulled the most were the
weakest on the reaction, the Pacifies, Atchison,
Amalgamated Copper, Norfolk and Western
and the coalers suffering the widest declines.
Yesterday's story of a settlement of the steel
strike was clearly shown this morning to have
been put out to hold the market and the steel
stocks .dropped with the rest of the market
and are V& lower for the day. The rally in
the corn market was also an influence and
there was a renewed selling from Western
sources, which have been covering in stocks
during the period of reaction in corn. The
most potent influence in checking the specula
tion for the advance was the growing convic
tion that requirements to move the crisis must
be met to a large extent by the New York
money market, with the prospect of a con
tinued drain at the game time on account of
United States treasury operations. There was
no striking development to-day to emphasize
this conviction, but the factors recently at
work to that end continue in force. The mar
ket had substantial rallies from its break,
caused by short covering, but the recoveries
were not well held and the closing was fever
ish, with a heavy undertone.
The railroad bond market continued quite
active, but turned weak in sympathy with
stocks. Central Georgia issues were strong
on the declaration of the full interest on the
income bonds. Total sales, $1,715,000.
' United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
New York Stock Market.
California Fruit Sales.
The market for fruit stands about the same.
The demand for the East is as lively as ever,
though the first rush for Apricots Is over and
Peaches are taking their turn.. Prunes will
come next and are already coming to the front.
Each fruit takes its turn, according to Its
time of appearance In the market. The mar
ket for everything In the fruit line shows as
much firmness as ever. There is nothing doing
in Raisins, as the season has not yet opened.
Nuts are steady and there is a fair demand for
Honey, without any particular activity.
, As has already been mentioned in the press
dispatches the prune packers will operate in
dependently of the Cured Fruit Association this
year. It is now stated that the packers have
secured most of the raw Prunes in the Santa
Clara Valley. The Prune crop is so light and
the demand promises to be so good that there
is little danger of any serious results to grow
ers through the separation of the two com
binations.
FRUITS— Apricots, SfglOc for Royals and S@
14V-C for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@8%o; sun dried, 4@4%c:
Peaches. 6®Sc; Pears, 5%®9c; Plums, pitted. 4
@5%c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 6@6%c for
red and 6(?}6%c for white: Figs, 3\4c for black.
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3%c for the four sizes.
Some sales of new crop on the basis of 3Vi@3%c
are being made outside of the association.
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. l»@12%c;
No. 2. 8@3%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6%@7%c; Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5@"c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 12®12%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50<g5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 5%
@6c; light amber extracted, 4%®5c; dark, 4@
4V4c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CALL BOARD SALES.
- Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Dealers reported rather more trading
yesterday than on the preceding day, but the
market was quiet at best, with an easy feel
ing. Prices remain unchanged, and receipts are
free. Grays are selling to arrive at $1 10@l 20,
whites are quoted at $1 15@1 35. Black, $l@i 10
and Red $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— Chicago advanced 2%c, with strong
parties buying, and the demand was better than
for some time. Old time bulls reappeared as
purchasers, and it looked as if the market
had ¦ turned. .
There was no change in this market. Busi
ness Is at a standstill, owing to light offerings
and high prices.
Small round Yellow, $1-75; Eastern Yellow,
$1 65; White, $1 75(31 80 per ctl; mixed, $1 65.
RYE— Continues very dull at 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 01%.
•Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— There are still several ships load
ing or about to load for Europe, but beyond
thl3 there is nothing doing and values In the
local market are largely nominal in default
Feed. 73%c for. choice bright. 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%@S5c; Chevalier. 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at 38s 9d@
40s, usual options. The chartered wheat fleet
in port has a tonnage of 82,534,
against 32,218 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged. £657 tons, against 21,925; on the
way to this port, 209,000 tons, against 158,536.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were lower. Chi
cago was steady. Speculative liquidation was
still on, but it was less pronounced. The cash
demand was a steadying factor. Over half a
million bushels was worked for export on Mon
day. The selling pressure comes from the ele
vator people, and represents j the. . Increased
movement in the Northwest. The world's sup
ply shows an increase of 1,131,000 bushels, as
follows: East of the Rockies. 669,000 decrease;
Europe and afloat, 1,800,000 increase.
v This market continues flat and lifeless.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; milling, $1®
1 02% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87 1 ,;
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic 7- 10
Sliver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK, April 27.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies from the last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 669,000 bushels: afloat for
and in Europe/ increased 1,800,000 bushels,
total supply, increased 1.131,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 771,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada,- east of
Rockies, increased 527,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Hollister — Beet harvest has begun. Crop In
San Juan Valley good.
Hanford— Condition of fruit and grain favor
able.
Napa— Weather cooler. Fruit ripening nicely.
San Jose— Light fog In early morning. King
and Johnson apples coming on.
Palermo— Large amount peaches -being dried.
Bulk of them sold and being shipped.
Ventura— Hot weather in valley. Hard on
beans, but little damage so far.
Santa Maria — Foggry in mornings. Hauling
sugar beets begun. Sugar factory begins opera
tions Monday next.
G. H. WILLSON, Assistant Section Director.
Wheat— Sept. " Dec.
Opening 5 6% • 5 8%
Closing '. 5 6% 5 8*i
PARIS.
Wheat— . Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 21 30 22 33
Closing 21 10 22 20
Flour —
Opening 27 40 , 2S 40
Closing. 27 15 28 15
LIVERPOOL.
Hollister 77 45 .00 Clear
Hanford 96 53 .00 Clear N
Napa 75 48 .00 Clear S
San Jose 78 48 .00 Clear NW ...
Riverside 95 E6 .00 :
Palermo 99 53 .00 Clear S
Ventura 75 53 .00 ....-
Santa Maria....'... 70 4S .00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was, steady; creamery, 14@20c; dairy,
13@17c. Cheese, 9%@10%c. Eggs. . steady, 13',a
(S14C •
"LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Citrus fruits
s re in gocd condition. Wclnuts are good, but
seme are sunburnt. Almonds are ripening
elowly; harvesting begun. Beans and beets are
doing well. Dry feed was injured in south
ward localities by rain. Wheat and bariey arc
fair.
EL'REKA SUMMARY.— Very warm weather
continued throughout the interior. Apples, and
fruit senerally, are ripening rapidly. Vege
tables promise a good yield. Everything is
dry and rain is much needed.
Slightly cooler weather has prevailed during
the week, with fogs along the coast. Vineyards
are :n excellent condition and grapes are ripen
ing and \ ec-jming sweeter under favorable con
otions. The berry crop is nearly all gathered
end deciduous fruits are being canned and
dried. Melons are abundant. The orange crop
in the vicinity cf North Ontario will be lighter
than last season's, but the fruit Is reported
in excellent condition. In other places the
yield will probably be above average. Wal
nuts are looking well and will yield a good
crop. Beans, beets, corn and vegetables are
doing will.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,
The v.-eather has been much cooler than the
week previous, the nights having been es
pecially cncl. The grain harvest is completed
except in a few sections of the northern por
tion of the valley. Deciduous fruits are ripen
ing rapidly. The canneries and dryers are in
full operation. Large shipments of fruit con
tinuo to Eastern markets end melons to the
Northwest. The greater portion of the melon
crop has been harvested. Grapes are making
fine progress and picking will commence in
about a week or ten days. Sweet potatoes are
being harvested and will make a good crop.
Hay is being shipped in large quantities.
Water continues plentiful aiid stock of all kinds
are reported in good condition. Farmers are
busy preparing fcr fall work.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLET.
The weather has been considerably cooler
during the week and somewhat unfavorable
for fruit drying and maturing of the grape
crop. In San Benito County the prune crop
Is much below average, but the fruit is of
superior eize and quality. Fruit will be a very
light crop in Humboldt and Lake counties.
Grapes are doing well, but at present the pros
pect is that the yield will be below the average.
Citrus fruits are thrifty. Grain thrashing and
harvesting continue. At San Luis Obispo grain
is coming in at the rate of 40.000 sacks daily.
and is piled up along the railroad tracks; owing
to labor troubles In San Francisco no ship
ments are being made. Bean canning has com
menced in Lake County. Hops, beets and corn
are in rocd condition.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS
The temperature has been several degrees be
low normal durlrg the week, the weather clear
and conditions favorable for all ripening fruit,
except Tckay grapes, which are not coloring
well, owir.g -to cool weather. Late deciduous
fruits ere ripening rapidly and a fair crop is
being gathered. Prune drying is progressing;
the fruit is of good size ana quality, but the
yield is below average. Oranges are in good
condition. Almond harvest continues; the crop
is heavier than anticipated. Hops are yielding
a good crop. Beets, corn and vegetables are
locking well. Grain harvest is practically com
pleted and thrashing is progressing rapidly.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
The cool weather has somewhat retarded the
coloring of Tokay grapes, but otherwise con
ditions have been favorable for fruit and for
fruit drying. Grapes are reported in excellent
condition, with prospects of a fair crop in
most sections, and in some vineyards the yield
will be nearly average. Late deciduous fruits
are yielding good crops. Fruit drying and
canning are progressing. Citrus fruits and
walnuts are in good condition.
Grain harvest is completed in portions of
the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys and
[•regressing rapidly in other sections. Thrash
ing continues. Shipments of grain and hay
are being teriouslj- delayed by the labor
troubles in San Francisco. Wheat, barley and
hay have yielded excellent crops In nearly all
plae<*s north of the Tehachapi. Hops, beans
si,d sugar be<>ts are being harvested, and all
are yielding good crops. Corn and potatoes
are doing well. Shipments of sweet potatoes
are beir.g trade from the San Joaquin Valley.
The temperature has been considerably below
normal in nearly all parts of the State during
the week and fogs have prevailed along the
coast- Conditions have been generally favor
able for farm work and for late fruits.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Tb* weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop section of the
weather bureau, 1b as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29,000 21'. 000
Wheats bushels 298,000 342.CU 1 )
Corn, bushels '. .....335.0C0 300.0C0
Oats, bushels 372,000 . 239,000
Rye bushels 6,000 l.COC
Barley, bushels 73^001) l/iOO
probably showers In the mountains; light west
wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Wednesday; light
southwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and foggy
Wednesday; fresh southwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official,
Temporarily in Charge.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN,
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, bare
ly steady: No. 3 spring, 68@«9%c; No. 2 red/
71c; No. 2- corn, 55%c; No. 2 oats, 35Vi@35%c;
No. 2 white, 37@37%c; No. 3 white, 36%@37%c;
No. 2 rye. 54@54%c; fair to choice malting
barley. 5SJ?62c; No. 1 flaxseed, / $1 48; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 52; prime timothy seed, $5 50;
mess pork, per barrel, $14 25@14 30; lard, per
100 pounds, $8 87%@S 90; short ribs sides (loose;,
?S 25<g8 45; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7',4<#
7%c: shcrt clear aides (boxed), $8 80@S 90; whis
ky, basis of high .wines, ?1 30; clover, contract
grado, J9 75010.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 27— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 56c; Blue Stem, 57c.
TACOMA, Aug. 27.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
Blue Stem, 5Sc; Club, 57c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Aug." '27.— Consols, 94%; Silver,
27d; French rentes, lOlf 62%c; wheat cargoes
on passage, heavy and depressed ;. No. 1
Standard California, 20s; Walla Walla. 283 3d;
English country markets, quiet. \,
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 27.— Wheat; quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s@6s • %d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 31-32d.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oraiwres. $1 50® 4; Lemons.
$1@1 25 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$3 50@4; Bananas, 75c@?2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$1 50@3 per dozen.
GRAPES — Fontainebleau and Sweetwater, 40
@60c per box and crate; Tokay, 40@75c per box;
Muscat. 40@75c; Seedless, 75c@$l 15; Black, 35@
.75c; Isabella. $1@1 25; Wine Grapes, $25@30 per
ten for Zinfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 10@40c per box; Canta
loupes, 15@50c per crate; Watermelons, $5@20
per 100.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 23 per box for No. 1,
50@90c for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton; other
Pears, 25*5500 per box.
QUINCES— 50@65c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $7@3 per chest for Long
worths and ?3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— Per chest, .
RASPBERRIES— $6@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@8c per lb.
- FIGS — Black, 35c@H for double layer boxes;
White, 40@75c.
. PEACHES— 35@60c per box and $20@30 per ton
for frees and $40@50 for Clings; Peaches in car
riers, 40@75c, according to size of carrier;
Mountain Peaches, 50@75c per box.
NECTARINES— White, = per box; Red, 40
@73c.
.PLUMS— 25@60c per box; Prunes, 30@75c per
crate; Washington Gages, $20iper ton; Egg
Plums, $15S20 per ton.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 35@60c per box, according to
package.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The Mariposa brought up from the Islands
4455 bunches and 28 crates of Bananas and 57
crates of Pineapples. x
Grapes are not going oft very fast, and the
tendency, is toward lower prices. There are
more Figs offering and the market Is quiet.
Pears, Peaches and Plums of good quality
continue to sell well, and are the firmest fruits
on the list. Apples are steady, stocks .being
moderate.
Another drop In Mexican Limes is. noted. In
addition to the 547 cases that came in on Mon
day, about 1000 more will fall due In a few days,
and the market has given way under the press
ure. Oranges and Lemons have shown no
change for some little time.'
The market is still overstocked with Canta
loupes and Nutmegs, and the feeling Is weaker.
The weather is cooler again, which Is -against
Watermelons.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Articles— ¦ Open. High. Low. Close:
Wheat No. 2— • •
September 69% -69% 69% 69%
December ..: 71% 72% 71% 72-, a
May ...'.........;... 75% 76% 75% 76> 8
Corn No. -2— ' : ¦¦ . ¦ .
September ¦ 53% - 54% 53% 54%
December 55% 67% 55U ai^s
May 57% 59% 57% ¦ 59%
Oats No. 2 — • . .
September 33% 34%... 33 34
December 31% '35% 34U 354*
May 37 38 ; 36% 37%
Mess pork, per barrel — '
September ..14 25 14 25 14 22% 14 25
October 14 32% 14 33 14 32% 14 35
January 15 45 15 47% 15 40 15 42%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 8 90 8 95 8 S7% 8 90
October ..8 95 9 00 8 92% 8 97%
January 8 82% 8 82% 8 77% 8 SO
Short- ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 8 42% 8 45 8 37% 8 37%
October j 8 52% 8 55 8 45 8 47Vi
January 7 92% 7 95 7 90 7 92%
The receipts per Mandalay. while not fully
discharged yesterday, exercised a weakening
influence on the. Butter market, especially on
the medium and lower grades. Prices were
maintained, however. The effect will be mow
definitely determined to-day. Cheese con
tinues steady. * ' _ „,,
There is no further advance in Eggs, ana
dealers are reporting a quieter market, with
Vecelpts G were 40,700 pounds of Butter, 571
cases of Eggs. 1540 cases of Eastern Eggs, 6900
pounds of California Cheese. #
BUTTER— Creamery. 26@27c per lb for fancy
and 25c for seconds: dairy. 18@24c; s tor «^!?5:
ter, 15<gl7%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18@20c.
Pickled Roll,' 17<5!19c: Keg. le^lSc^per lb.
CHEESE— New. lie; old, nominal; Young
America, ll%c per lb; Eastern, , 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 24@27%c for good to fancy,
store, 17@22c per dozen; Eastern, 16@21c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, ' Aug. 27.— Clearings, $288,146;
balances, $28,115.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 27.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3100; steady. to 10c lower. Natives, $3
(S5 25; cows and heifers, $l@l 80; bulls and
stags, $2@4 60; stockers and feeders, $2@2 90;
veals. $2 25@5 65.
HOGS — Receipts, 3800; steady to shade lower.
Light and light mixed, $5 85@-6 20; medium and
heavy, $6 05@6 35;- pigs. $3 25@5 35. ¦
SHEEP— Receipts,' 2700; eteady; lambs, 10@13c
lower. "
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO. Aug. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, 550f,
including 600,Texans and 1000 Westerns. Na
tives and Texans. generally steady; Westerns,
slow. Good to prime steers, $5 30@6 30; poor to
medium. $3 60<g'5 25; stockers and feeders, weak,
$2 25(S4 25; cows, three cars extras, at $4 Co,
$2 35@4 25; heifers, $2 40@4 75; canners', " slow,
$1 25@2 30; bulls. $2 25@4 40; calves, $3@5 35;
Texas steers, $4@5; Texas grass steers, ?3 40©
3 75; Western steers. $3 75@4 80.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 21.000; to-morrow,
32,000; left over, estimated, 3500; choice, nearly
steady; others weak; top, $6 45. Mixed and
butchers'. $5 70@6 45; good to choice heavy,
$5 85@6 43; rough heavy. $5 63@5 SO; light, $5 65
(§6 20; bulk of sales, ?5 95<g6 25.
SHEEP — Receipts, 18,000; sheep and lambs,
good to choice, steady; common lamb*, weak.
Good to choice wethers, $3 25@4; fair to choice
mixed. $303 40; Western sheep, $3@3 90; year
lings, $3 25@4; native lambs, $2 50@5 25; West
ern lambs, $3 S0@5 10.- •
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
Silver higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley Hat at prrjious prices.
Oats quiet. Corn and Rye very dull.
Hax easy. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans nominal, with very little demand:
Potatoes in lighter receipt and steady. Onkriis higher.
Some kinds of Vegetables firmer'. !
Butter easy, Cheese steady and Eggs about as before.
Peaches, Plums and Pears in demand.
Mexican Limes broke again. ¦
Melons in excessive supply and weak.
Dried Fruit still in brisk demand for the East and West.
Lard firm; Hams and Bacon steady.
Wool in good shape and well cleaned up.
No saks of nezv Hops yet reported.
Local stockmen expect lower Beef and Mutton.
Grain Bags easy at- the decline.
Sugar marked down ioc.
Continued activity in the oil stocks.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and featureless.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. S1S3 13c; extra sizes, higher.
Redwood. $18@19: Lath. 4 feet. $3 90<®4: Pick
ets, $20; Shingles. $2 for common and $2 75 for
fancy; Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn;
Rustic, ?23,f 29.
SUGAR— Prices have declined 10c. The West
ern Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
pound, in 100-lb bags: '
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.20c:
Powdered, 5.05c; Candy Granulated, 5.05c; Dry
Granulated, 4.S5c; Confectioners' A, 4.95c; Fruit
Granulated, 4.95c; Beet Granulated, 4.85c; Mag
nolia A, 4.55c: Extra C. 4.45c; Golden C, 4.35c;
barrels, 10c more: half- barrels. 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos. half-barrels, 5.45c; boxes. 5.70c per lb.
the best and $16@18 50 for lower grades. Hlg
gins*. $27 50@3O per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $45 50@47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $40@45 for export.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7%®
8c per lb; White Lead, 7%@8c. according to
quantity.
' SALT— H. R. H.. $23#25 per ton In large
sacks and $24 In 50' 8. Liverpool, $13 23@20 for
COAL 'OIL— Water White Coal Oil, la bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 24c: Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
cases, 21c: Benzine. In bulk. 14c: In cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon la cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S@32c per lb: Sole
Leather, medium, 2Mi"30: Sole Leather, light.
25®2Sc: Rough Leather, heavy. 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light, 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
33(@39c for. No. l«nd 30@33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium. 30@37c; Harness Leather,
light. 29@35c; Skirting. 36®40c: Collar Leather.
15@16c per foot: Kip. unfinished, 40@50c p-»r
lb: Veal, finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knifa
Splits. 14@16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $2G<g28 per ton; Stick,
$18620 per cord. \
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases, ?fo. 1.
70c; pure, $1 22; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
74c; raw 72c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c; China
Nut. 53<§72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 67%c; cases. 72%c; Sperm, pure. 63c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil. In barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13@13%c for itrlctly
prime to fancy washed; U@12c for prim*
washed; 10@10%c for good washed; 10%@12c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 9@10c for fair
to prime peaberry; 9@10c for good to prime;
7%@Sc for fair; 5%@6%c for common to ordi
nary. Salvador— 11%®12%c for strictly prime
washed; 8%@llc for good to prime washed; 7%.
@SUc for fair washed; 10@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 7%@8%c for good to
prime semi-washed; 7%@Sc for superior un
washed; 7%@7%c for good green unwashed; S'J
@9c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
5Vi@6%c for common to ordinary. Nicaragua—
ll@13c for prime to fancy washed: 8@10^c for
fair to strictly good washed; 7@7V4c for good to
superior unwashed; 8^4@8%c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican—
ll@14c for prime to fancy washed ; 9%@10 1 ic for
strictly good washed; 9ig9%c for good washed;
7%@SV-c for fair washed; 6%@7>4c for medium;
5@6%c" for Inferior to ordinary; 10@ll%c for
good to prime washed peaberry: 8%'S9c for good
to prime unwashed peaberry; 7%@7%c for good
to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb, 5c;
cases, regular, 5%c; cases, extra large, 5%c;
cases. Eastern style, 6Vic; Boneless, 6%c; "Nor
way," 6%c; "Narrow Gauge." 7c; "Silver
King." 7%e; Blocks, "Seabright." 7%c; Tab
lets. 8c; Middles. "Golden State," 7%c; Mid
dles, "White Seal," 8c; 5-lb boxes Fancy Bone
less, 9c; 2-lb boxes Fancy Boneless. 7k<f8c;
Desiccated, per dozen, 75c: Pickled Cod, bar
rels, each, $7 50; Pickled Cod. half-barrels,
each. $4 50.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12'jc per lb;
Sisal size. 9%c; Bale Rope, 9c; Duplex, S'.jc.
Terms, 60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10.000 lbs. lc less.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, f'J: Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50: C003
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to
brand.
Canners quote as follows. In 2!3-lb tins: Apples
$115@I55; Apricots, $1@1 50; Cherries, black'
$150@2; do, white, $1 50@2; do. Royal Anne,
$1 60@2 13; Peaches, yellow. ;i 20®l 65; do
Lemon 'Cling. $1309175; Bartlett Pears. JIE®
1 73: Plums, D0c@»l 25: Nectarines, $l@l 60;
Muscat Grapes, 95ci@$133; Quinces, $1 10@l 55;
Strawberries, $1 30<fil 75; Raspberries, Si 0i£2 -
Blackberries. $1 30®l 60.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Cotton , closed un
steady,. 1O@12 points lower.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 96
Call loans 3%@4% Westinghouse El.. 70%
Time loans ...^...4 5 Bonds—
Stocks — Atchison 4s 102
A T & S F 78 Mining Shares— .
A T & S F pfd.... 97?' t Adventure 27%
American Sugar.. .135U Bingham Min Co.. 41V-
Am Telenhone lfi-iy. Amalg Copper 11S%
Boston & Maine.. .192% Atlantic 37
Dominion Coal .... 33% Calumet & Hecla.730
Dom Coal pfd 115 Franklin is»i
U S Steel 44% Humboldt 25
U S Steel pfd 91 Osceola 100%
Fitchburg pfd US Parrot 5U'>
Ed Elec 111 r»0 Quincy 175"
N E Gas & Coke.. <•"•& Santa Fe Copper... 7
Old Colony 20$ Tamarack 349
Old Dominion 3.1 Utah Minlns 29
Union Pacific ..101% Winona 3%
Union Land 3 Wolverines 65U
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ..; 12
Alice 45 Ontario 9 33
Breece 1 10 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con US Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... 0U Potosi ... 03
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Savage .";£":""".!•! 05
Deadwood Terra.... CO Sierra Nevada 07
Horn Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 30
J ron . Silver 60 Standard 2 50
Leadville Con 07
V, ? fef . l B Teg 107 '* N Y Cent lsts......lO5t4
U S ref 2s coup.. .107% N J Cent gen 5s.. .130
U S 3s reg ios% N Pacific 3s 72
U S 3s coup.. 10S\4 N Pacific 4s 104%
U S new 4s reg....l37U N Y C & S L 4s.. 107%
U S new 4s coup..l37U N & W con 4s 102%
U S old 4s reg....H3 Or Nav Ists 110
U S old 4s coup. .113 Or Nav 4s 103
U S os reg ....107% Or Short Line 6s...l2X%
L, S 5s : coup ... .107% Or S Line con 5s.. 117%
Dist of Col 3.fos...l24 Reading Gen 4s.... 95%
Atch son adj 4s.... 97% R G W Ists 100%
AtchUon een 4s.. .104 S L & I 51 con 5s. 117
Canada So 2ds..:...lOS% S L & S F een 6s.l26%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l07% st Paul cons.. 184
h ? s hio 5s ----l 2 l S P C & P Ists.. ..115
9. f £^ro con 7s -- 137 S P C & P 5s 116
C & NWSFdeb 5s. 123% So Pacific 4s 92%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 93 So Railway 5s 117%
Colo Southern 4s... 88 Stand R & T 6s.... 55
D & R G 4s 101% Tex & Pac Ists.. ..118%
Erie General 4s.... 88 Tex & Pac 2ds..;.. 98%
F W & D C Ists.. 106 Union Pacific 4s. ..105%
Gen. Electric 5s....200 Wabash Ists 119'
Iowa Central lsts.116 Wabash 2ds ... 110
L & N Uni 4s 101 West Shore 4s 112%
W T 2ds 83 Wis Cent Ists S8Vi
M K&T 4s 9S%Va Centuries 94 7 g
731.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
ia a s & So S ut F hw d es&. V 00 69 * .>¦ «*
St Louis Southwstn pfd 300 64% " 63" 61
It paui pVd:::::::::::::: 56 -^.^ .jg* jg*
|?thln^^i:p;lflf|igi|
fSffS Sass.^:: » III |
Union Pacific 70 100 in«' inii? inisi
union Pacific pfd..::::: ™iZ % 1 $ * %
Wabash 9 100 ->iu 9i.v ooil
Wabash pfd......... 4 ,oo 4' tmt !nfe
Wheeling * L E. ' " 700' m #* ' «&
Wheeling & L E pfd. 200~3'V4-wi' $i*
Wisconsin Centra?:::: m l\% f§ g3
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 300 43% 43 42
>-/ O & bt Louis 74
Express Companies— "" """ '""
Adams " • « 7 -
American """ iq?
United States i\
Wells Fargo ".;" V*; ""li®'
Miscellaneous
Amalgamted Copper ... 29,200 121% 118% 118%
Amer Car & Found...... 2,400 31% 31 31
Amer Car & Found pfd. 500 87% 87%', 87
Amer Linseed Oil 21%
Amer Linseed Oil pfd... '...'.'. '.'; 61%
Amer Smelt & Ref 3,600 54 -, 53% 53%
Amer Smelt & Ref pfd. 400 101% 101 100%
Amer Tobacco . . 135
Anaconda Mining Co.... 4,200 47% 47 47
Brooklyn Rapid Tran... 5,600 76% 75% 75%
Colo Fuel & Iron 400 98 97% 97%
Consolidated Gas ' 1,800 226% 223% 223%
Continental Tobacco...- 67
Continental Tobacco pfd 118
General Electric 700 266 265% 265
"Glucose Sugar 500 56 55% 55%
Hocking Coal 100 20 20 19
International Paper 2,100 26 24 - 24
International Paper pfd 3,200 79 78% 78%
National Biscuit .. 200 44% 44% 44
National Lead 4,900 21 21 20%
National Salt 4->%
National Salt pfd.... ;.. 76
North American 200 103 102W, 101
Pacific Coast 66
Pacific Mail 3,200 43 42 41%
People's Gas 3,300 113% 112 112%
Pressed Steel Car 300 42% 42% 42
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 100 83 83 81%
Pullman Palace Car ' . 208
Republic Steel 9,400 21% 19% 19%
Republic Steel pfd 6,900 75% 73%' 73%
£ u sar .... 5,000 137% 135% 133%
Tenn CoaJL & Iron 40O 67% 65 65
Union Bag & Paper Co. . 100 16% 16% 16%
tnlon B & P Co pfd.... 100 73 73 73
U S Leather, pfd goo 83 82?4 82%
US Rubber ¦ 10 0 20 20 19%
U S Rubber pfd..... 500 59% 58% 58 ,
US Steel pfd 15,300 95>-i 94 . 94
western Union 1,000 93% 92% 92%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Another car of Eastern came In. making two
thus far this week. Local stock was In mod
erate receipt and sold off fairly, especially
large young fowl. Ducks' and Geese were
b POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for. Gobblers
and 10O12C for Hens; Geese, per pair SI oO®
175; Goslings, $1500175; Duck£ $3@3 =* f or
old and $3 50@4 50 for young; Hens. $3 f^a,
young RoosteFs, $5@6 50: old KoorteH. $350©
4 50; Fryers. $4 50: Broilers. $3 50@4 for large
and $2®3 for small; Pigeons. $1 23@1 aO per
dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs
GAME-Doves, per dozen. $1@1 2a; Hare, $1
@1 2T»; Rabbit3. $1 25 for Cottontail and $1 lor
Brush. . - •
Poultry and Game.
terday's closing figures, but the sharp advance
In corn helped bring about a rally.- The mar
ket was dull after the opening pressure to
sell : was /over, | which fact ; was • partly respon
sible for tBe advance. December opened un
changed to %c lower at 71%@7iyg>?, and under
the heavy selling prices dropped to 71%c, .but
quickly rallied, the high point •¦ being reached
at 72Vic '• The close, was strong and %c higher
at 72%o- ... •
Corn opened somewhat ¦ easier, but strongr
local buying set in and the market advanced
rapidly and sharply. Hot weather in the
Southwest, outside buying and ; a score of
shorts were the bull ¦ factors. - December closed
at 57Vi@57%c. a gain of 1%@1%C.
Oats opened quiet and steady.' Buying by
outsiders and the advance j in corn caused a
rally and prices advanced. - December closed
l?ic higher at 35%c. / - ; • »•'
Provisions ¦were moderately active, but easier
on fair liauidation./ The opening was steady,
but large receipts of hogs at Western points
created a weak tendency which, would have
been greater but for . the strength in corn.
January -pork closed 7%c lower,, lard a shade
lower and ribs unchanged. : , '
- The leading futures ranged as follows:
eased off 3s 9d, but the undertone- was quite
steady, with spot quoted at the close at £66
139 3d and futures at £67 Is 3d. Lead , wad
quiet and unchanged here, -while In London
values advanced" Is -,. 3d to £11 13s 9d. - The
close .here , was at $4 37%. Spelter , was quiet
and unchanged at home and abroad, closing at
$4 and £17 respectively. Iron was dull and
featureless. Pig- iron warrants $3@10; No. 1
foundry. Northern, tl5@15 50; No. 2 foundry.
Southern, $14@14 50; No. 1 foundry. Southern,
$14 75@15 25; No. • 2 foundry, * Southern, soft,
$14 75(515 25. Glasgow warrants closed at . 53s
id and Mlddlesboro closed at 45s l%d. >
and 25@30c for Bell; Egg Plant. 2o@o0c per box:
Green Corn. 50c@$l per sack; Alameda . $101 *>
per crate; Berkeley. 60@S5c : Summer ¦ Squash,
large boxes. 25®40c;- New Marrowfat Squash.
nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CAJ^L, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
STATIONS. |ff If I II ll' I
: 3 : 3 £ 3 . : s :
¦ : : g : ' : & • .
LOCAL MARKETS-
EASTERN MARKETS-
STOCK MARKET-
8
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£» AT * £?fc
'^^ H. BRANDENSTEEtf'S STABLESr^
Cor. Mission and New Montgomery sts.,
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY, Aug. 29,
11 a. m.
I will sell all of the Horses, Buggies, Harness,
etc. In the above stables. .
JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
Office. 327 Sixth st.ON Sunday, ; September 8, will be
celebrated th« - golden wedding
anniversary of Mr. and Mrs. M.
Michelsen. A reception will be
held at their residence, 530 Ellis
street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. 1 Michelsen were married In
New York fifty years ago, but a great
portion 6f-their lives has been spent in
San Francisco, where . Mr. Michelsen
has se-tn his family grow up around him.
His sons t-.re associated with him here in
conducting the Saratoga Stables at 812
Geary street. '• ,_
• All but ono of the seven children who
have blessed : his happy union will be
present. ! The single exception is that of
the daughter, Fannie, a well known figure
on the operatic stage, on which she is
known as Mile. Fannie Francesca. Her,
operatic engagement in Europe will pre
clude her visiting her parents on this
happy occasion. ¦/
As Mr. and Mrs. Micheisen have a host
of friends and many relatives in this. city,
and all will be anxious to extend con
gratulations on this occasion, elaborate
preparations are being made for their
entertainment.
POPULAR CLERGYMAN AP
POINTED TO TAKE CHARGE
OF AN IMPORTANT PARISH.
'if t'.me' Is money, police Judges are, the
most charitable of men. ..
-A man's true character crops out when
he IS dealing in trifles. ,\_
cNAPA,_Aug. w 87,"7Lowry ; . Bweltzer, 1 . a
native of Missouri, aged 60 ' years, * died
yesterday. v Mr,' Sweltzer had been f a resi
dent of -Napa - and Solano ¦ counties since
1813." V w -
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 27.— Articles *if In
corporation were ¦ to-day, filed whereby
the Nat Cohn Shoe Manufacturing
pany, comes ; into existence, The capital
stock lisJlS.OOO.^of; which $5000 has been
subscribed, ?. The. directors' are v Newman
Cohn.-L, P,- Anderson," James Nlcol, Si
mon Lobel and Rachel Cohn, The factory
will be located. -in tbl3 city, .
Shoe Factory for San Rafael.
The Supervisors' joint Committee on
Building, and Finance recommended for
passage yesterday a resolution authoriz
ing an expenditure of -the sum of $4500 out
of the urgent- necessity fund to make an
addition to the Insane Detention "liKBpuci.
in the City Hall and. to fit up a carpenter
shop in the Hall of Justice."
To Extend Detention Hospital.
¦George Fowler, a salooh. man of Fresno,
was arrested on Third street late yester
day afternoon by Detectives Dillon and
Crockett .off. a ..telegraphic warrant - from
Fresno accusing 1 , him of burglary. Fowler
left Fresno yesterday -morning and three
hours after the news was received in this
city he was arrested aa he was entering
the \Vin<!hester House, v He had about $200
in pllver in his valise and $600 In gold in
his pockets. Nothing ia known by. the
officers as:to the detallaiof the crime. ."-An
officer is expected from Fresno to-day."
Wanted in Fresno ' f or ¦ Burglary,
SAN RAFAEL, Aug.'. 27,-In a fight this
evening Andrew Domiolly,. foreman of the
Sani~ Rafael'Gas Works, severely woun^"
ed Timothy Pugan, -a former laborer at
the works, $* While both, ¦ ¦ were on '< the
grounds Donnelly seized a piece, of, gas
pipe and Inflicted a cut three inches long
on Dugan'B scalp, A warrant -Is outfor
the arrest of Donnollv. »'>'»• \
Hits Foe With; Gaspipe.
T. M. Schumacher, the recently ap
pointed traffic manager of the Oregon
Short Line, left last night for Salt Lake
City to assume the duties of his position.
Schumacher's new place is a very im
portant one and will probably become
very much i more so in view of the con
templated extension of the road to Los
Angeles.' It is the general opinion that
J ¦ . C. Stubbs has shown excellent Judg
ment In appointing Schumacher \ t<r his
nresent position and in selecting Clifford
to succeed him as -general freight agent
of the Unlpn Padnc in this city. Clifford
comes from Cincinnati, where the -Union
Pacific office has been consolidated with
that of the Southern Pacific.
Schumacher Off for Salt Lake.
r=
Official Will Be Prosecuted.
HAVANA, Aug. #27.— The "authorities
will prosecute ! for criminal negligence. E.
C.Westall; chief of the money order bu
reau ¦ of the Havana PostofHce, who lost
$4000 of the funds of the Postofflce in an
omnibus while on his . way to pay ¦: the
money into the treasury, .* : The Havana
secret police know . who stole the . money.
The : gang consists of four persons— two
Cuban boys - and" two negroes. All are
as yet - at large * and are believed- to be
in hiding. , > . '
S SACRAMENTO; Aug. \ t 27.— William ' Mci
Donald,- a section employe of the Southern
Paciflo , Company,, was . struck by "or fell
from a -passing; train at' Emigrant Gap.
One leg was cut ofC and.the other leg and
an arm were : broken. He : was placed on
a special train and started f or the Co un
ty. Hospital In Auburn, but died when the
train reached Shady Run., >
Meets Death on the "Rails.
BAY CITY, Mich., Aug. 27.-<5eoree D.
Jackson was nominated for Congress by
rhe Democrats of the Tenth District to
'Ml the vacancy caused by the death or
< >jngrcssroan Crump.
ITomiriate Michigan Congressmen.
OAKLAND, Augr. 27. — Licenses to marry
were issued to-day, to Don Alonzo Valen
tine, . aged 21 years, and Eva Lucua, 19,
both of Oakland; Edward Martin Skaln,
over 21, arid Gertrude Am'orette" Hender
son, over 18, both of Oakland; Thomas
Dougherty Wells, 23, Alameda, and Annie
Eliza Thomas, Vi, Dougherty; Frank Roch
Murray, 26, and Marguerite Tol, 22, both
of San Francisco;- Joseph Hebecker, 31,
and Annie Eggleston, 31," both of Oakland;
'James Valller, 24, Oakland, and Frone
May, 22, Loomis, Cal. ;.. Manuel Clemen
Fernando,' 32, San Francisco, and Mrs.
Levla A.' Scruggs, 32, Oakland; Timothy
James O'Connell, 2S, and Helen Frawley,
22, both of Oakland; . Rudolph William
Bex, 24, San Francisco, and Emma R.
Hopken, 24, Oakland; Michel August Mc-
Namara. 31. an* Julia Helena Clifford, 24,
both of Oakland. . li-vljjj
Licensed to Marry.
F.-A. Plymire and O. B. Hewitt, charged
with practicing ¦ dentistry .without a .cer
tificate; from: the Dental Board of Exam
iners, 'appeared before Judge " Cabaniss
yesterday.- ,They asked for a continuance
for a week, as they intend to test the
constitutionality * of the law requiring
them to have certificates from the Dental
Board. The continuance was granted. ..:.
Dentists to Make Test Case.
There was a very pretty social function
at Native Sons' Hall last night. It was the
eleventh anniversary hall given by Orinda
Parlor pf the Native Daughters of the
Golden West and as usual when this
parlor does something- in the social line,
there was a large and select attendance.
The decorations were light and of brilliant
colors, the combination of shades produc
ing a beautiful effect that was sui-passed
only by the moving fiarures in the grand
march, which was led by Will Cashman
and Anna Gruber, the president of tho
parlor. There were about 200 in the
march, many of the ladies wearing
elegant toilets. The function vims in
charge- oC the following named: \j
Floor manager, Anna Gruber; assistant floor
manager, Hettie Burke. Committee of ¦arrange
ments—Emma FoleyXchairman), Hettie Burke,
Josephine Codlngton. Birdie Mayer, Mae Gal
lagher Charlotte Gunther. Henrietta Wilson.
Reception committee — Martha Reemer ' (chair
man), Elsie Boyd, Laura Utschlg, Jennie Dunn,
jlarguerite Lyons, Alma Liebold, Ella Dowllng.
Floor committee— Mamie Sweeney (chairman),
Mae Mitchell, Hildur Anderson, Alma Relmers,
Harvie Babeock, Clementine Schnabel, Addie
Brown.
Oriental Parlor.
ST. HELENA, Aug. 27.— St. Helena's
new Catholic Cemetery was dedicated this
morning hy Archbishop Riordan of San
Francisco, ' assisted by Father Blake, the
pastor of the - Catholic church here, and
Fathers Crowley and Cottle of San.Fran
cisco. A large throng witnessed the cere
mony. . . . . .^.>vi.'r»:-.^ -
" Archbishop Riordan celebrated mass at
8:30 o'clock in St. Helena church. Then a
procession was formed and marched .- to
the cemetery, nearly a mile distant. The
dedicatory services were read by • tnh,
Archbishop, who was attended by three
priests and three acolytes. A statue of
Christ was unveiled by May O'Brien, after
which, prayers were- recited and hymns
sung by the congregation. - After the cere
monies the Archbishop addressed the
gathering briefly.
course of People.
ST. HELENA CEMETERY
FORMALLY DEDICATED
Archbishop Riordan Conducts the
f. Ceremony Before a Large Con-
John F. Wilson, a teamster residing, at
3027 Twentieth street, died last night at
the City and County Hospital. The manner
in which he entered the hospital, but
twenty minutes before death overtook
him, was very peculiar.
A few minutes after 6 o'clock last night
s& buggy was driven up to the hospital.
I The only occupants of the rig were Wil-
V-on and the driver. The latter helped
Wilson, who was barefooted and delirious,
to the hospital; brought him inside and
without vouchsafing an explanation
jumped into the buggy and drove away.
Wilson was talking Incoherently and couid
make no statement, and died a short time
Kficr being placed in a ward. The doc
tors think his/death was caused by pneu
monia. ,.'>'"¦*- ¦'"^'•^.¦i
Strange Case at County Hospital.
Hereafter the officials of the city, gov
ernment will cut no more ice unless they
pay for it themselves. At the meeting of
the Finance Committee yesterday several
demands were presented calling for. ice
furnished to the various offices to beused
in cooling the water with which city offi
cials lave their thirsty .throats. County
Clerk Deane and his staff had consumed
ice to the value of $39 during July. Com
mltteeman Hotallng set his seal of disap
proval on paying for ice used by the city's
employes, and though the demands were
passed this time. they will be rejected in
future. \ ; , ' ': '• <
"Must Buy Their Own Ice.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— By the collapse of
a sidewalk crowded with men, women
and children who were watching a fire in
Erie street to-night,' about a score - of
persons were bruised and trampled upon
in a wild scramble to get out of danger.
The fire destroyed the warehouse of
Sauer, Dwyer &\ Co.. manufacturers of
furniture. Loss. $70.000.
SALT LAKE CITY, Aug. 27.— Henry A.
Gibson of Cincinnati defeated Clem Tur
vllle of Philadelphia in a ten-mile motor
paced match race at the Salt Palace sau
cer track here to-night in 18:03 4-5. the
finish being one of the most sensational
ever seen on the local track. Gibson took
the lead at the sixth mile and held it to
the end, despite repeated efforts to pass
him. • >
The sugar planters have been in secret
conference here yesterday and to-day, on
the subject of /labor. It waa not asi to
sources of- further labor supply from the
outside, however,. but for the stopping of
a'system.- of plantations getting labor
away from each other,, both through the
employment of runners and the 'hiring of
peripatetic laborers, 'The conference
adopted a • flat scale of wages for each
island, above which no individual planta
tion may go. Another stipulation is that,
no wandering laborer may be employed
who doea not present a clean discharge
from^ the plantation where he. was' last
employed. ¦ r . - ' ' ,
There was nothing done In' the confer
ence regarding further outside supplies of
lcbor, nor did the planters have anything
to say^about petitioning Congress for a
modification of Chinese exclusion for their
benefit. ; -. " -¦'_•'
Two Chinese, Chow You . Young and
Chuck Been, who ¦ arrived here last Satur
day on the Maripoaa from San Francisco,
have been refused permission to land and
will be sent back. .They applied to Judge
Ksteefor writs of habeas corpus,-, but he
ruled that he had no jurisdiction and that
the only appeal from the order of the Col
lector here was to the Treasury Depart
ment at Washington, An appeal will be
taken. One of. the Chinese claims to be a
member of 'a San Francisco firm which
has debts of $20,000 owing to it in Hono
lulu: • • ' . ;. , ; "
"Governor Dole is physically unfit to
perform the duties of the governorship."
This remark was made by a former Cabi
net Minister of Dole under the republic. It
is also the opinion of many of Dole's inti
mate friends. Still, Dole has written to
Secretary and 'Acting Governor Cooper
from the Volcano House, saying that he
has greatly Improved In health and
strength by . his vacation . in the . moun
tains. He will return to Honolulu on Sat
urday next, the 24th inst. . ¦
; Mr. Cooper was asked- to-day whether
Mr. Dole would resume his executive du
ties on his return, and he answered: "I
really' cannot say. He said nothing on
that matter in his last letter."
tain, but He Will Return to
Honolulu.
Hawaii People Appear to Be "Uncer-
HEPORTS CONFLICTING
( ABOUT GOVERNOR DOLE
The case of Eric Kobbe, son of General
Kobbe "charged with assault to murder
for ehooting Paul Wissig, a boy, while In
a boat off Fort-Mason on July 19, was dis
missed by Judge Mogan yesterday on mo
tion of Louis Ward, representing the Dis
trict Attorney. ' * --->-;". -£~_
Wissig took the stand and said he did
not want to prosecute the case, nelthar
did his parents. He did not know where
the bullet came from that struck him
w-hile he was in the boat.
Major Hull, judge advocate at the Pre
sldlo, said the bullet must have deflected
and struck Wissig, and there was no
question that the shooting was accidental.
The boy defendant and his brother and a
gardener were all firing at a target that
day and It waa difficult to determine who
fired the shot that struck a human being.
Shooting the Boy Paul
Wissig.
Accused of Assault to Murder fcr
YOTJNG ERIC KOBBE'S
CASE IS DISMISSED
United States Appraiser John T. Dare
returned yesterday after" an official visit
to New York City, where he had been in
attendance at the annual conference of
United States Appraisers. Dare, although
seasoned for many years in Honolulu,
where he; held the position of Attorney
General, felt the. heat very oppressive in
New York, and says he felt as though he
had been living in a Ham mam bath for
a month.- He made some inquiries into
the status of the steelworkers' strike. :
"I found," said Dare, "that many of the
men had expressed a willingness to return
to work, but that they were kept in sub
jection to the will of President Shaffer
and W. R. Hearst of the New York Jour
nal. However, I do not think from what
I saw and heard on the trip that Hearst
and Shaffer will be able to hold the suf
fering toilers much longer."
ers Are Willing to Return to
Their Employment. -
Finds That the Striking Steelwork-
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— The police were
oalied out to-night to disperse three gangs
of men that had assembled along Web
fcter street, between Seventh and Tenth,
to beat Charles Halter, a non-union tcam-
Eter. employed by the Western Freight
Transfer Company of San Francisco, but
residing at 364 Tenth street, this city. In
formation reached the City Hall station
that men from San Francisco were lyings
in wait for Halter to attack him when he
should return home.
The teamster arrived at Webster street
on the 7:30 train from San Francisco. His
would-be assailants had divided into
groups of three, each, standing at Tenth,
Ninth, Eighth and Webster streets. Be
fore they could put their plan into execu
tion Captain of Police Peter-sen had scat
tered one section. Detective George Kyte
rounded up the second crowd and Patrol
man Tuman drove the third relay of fightg
«?rs off the street. Halter said the men
had planned to attack him. He was armed
and he told the police he would have shot
if violence had been offered.
POLICE DISPERSE STRIKERS.
San Francisco Teamsters Iae in "Wait
for Oakland Man.
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 27.— On the Em
press of Japan, which arrived at Yoko
hama about a week prior to the sailing of.
hep, sister liner, the Empress of China,
which arrived here to-day, . there came
four prominent members of the Mormon
church from Utah, led by Apostle Heber
J. Grant. They, at once Degan a crusade
to advance Mormonism, but met hostile
demonstrations and much excitement was
caused by their addresses.
¦ At their boarding-house, where lived a
number ot missionaries of various creeds;
there was trouble by reason of their ad
vent and they were ejected. All the Yo
kohama papers have references to their
crusade and the Japan Herald, in the
course of Its article, says that the enter
prise of Prophet Grant and his elders,
who have come from Utah to Japan to
examine the ground with a view to es
tablishing a branch- of their church in
Japan, will scarcely prosper there.
Oriental Converts.
Utah Church Looking for
Apostle Grant and Three Elders of the
SEEKING TO ADVANCE
MORMONISM: IN JAPAN
RETTJRN OF APPRAISER
DARE FROM THE EAST
A bloody affray is reported from 'a Chi
nese village fifteen miles from Kiangsi,
where Protestant and Catholic converts
quarreled and came to blows, with the re
sult that thirty Protestants were killed.
I The Chinese pacers contain long ac
counts of the floods caused by the over
flowing of the Yangtseklang, and stories
are told of the drowning of hundreds of
villagers and the flooding of hundreds of
rice fields. . c>
The Shanghai Mercury publishes a let
ter from Rev. Frank Harman. of Chou
ping, who has been Journeying through
North Shantung, to the effect that Box
ers are drilling and preparing for a rising
in that province. Christians have been
openly threatened. '
A Boxer placard has been found posted
at Canton denouncing foreigners and call
ing upon the Chinese to rise and refuse
to pay the indemnity of the powers.
The Japan Herald announces that Mar
quis Ito will shortly make a trip to
America for his health. He will spend
his time on the Pacific Coast.
"W. White, assistant president of the
Canadian Pacific Railroad, who has re
turned from a trip through Siberia, says
that while at Irkutsk he learned .that
General Grlbskl had not committed sui
cide, by reason of his disgrace over the
Amur massacre of last year, as was re
ported, but had been banished to Kam
chatka.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 27.— Advices re
ceived by the Empress of China from the
Orient Include further complaintsj2X,Chi
nese pap'ers of cruelty on the part of the
Russians. The Russian force which has
been dispatched against the insurgents in
the Kwanhien-Tien district of Man
churia is said to have massacred 200
peaceful Chinese citizens, who, the sol
diers claimed, were mistaken for Bazouk
brigands. The story is published by
many English papers in China and Japan.
In one it is credited to, a French mission
ary, and in another the statement Is
made that 300 Bazouks were mercilessly
put to death. No details of the massacre
were given.
The Shanghai Mercury says that the
disturbances on the Manchurian-Korean
frontier are assuming larger proportions
than was expected. The Russians at first
hoped to master the rebellion with a few
regiments, but they have now more than
20,000 men on the frontier. Owing to the
great secrecy in which all their move
ments are covered nothing can be learned
of the actions that have taken place.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Massacre Two Hundred
Peaceful Chinese ip.
Manchuria.
A well-known shipping agent said yes
terday that he had authentic information
to the effect that "something was going
to pop soon in the ranks of the marine
:iremen." When asked for an explana
tion he answered that the firemen were
becoming very restless, and that open
threats have been made by many of
them that if a settlement Is not soon ar
ranged they will return to work. The
strike leaders state positively that the
leport is without foundation, and that
the marine firemen are unanimously in
favor of remaining out until their battle
:s> crowned with victory.
The rumor that the marine firemen will
f=oon break away from the City Front
Federation and return to work Is, like
iianquo's ghest. hard to down. Notwith
standing the positive assertion of the
¦union on Monday evening that there was
jio intention on the part of the members
to return to work until the fight had been
won, it was currently reported yesterday
:hat the firemen would go back to their
vessels within a few days if certain de
velopments did not transpire.
Ready to Quit.
Shipping 1 Agfent Says Firemen Are
RUSSIANS SLAY
MANY NATIVES
The ticket as submitted was declared
elected and General Miles administered
the oath of office. The next formality was
the reading by General Miles of. his ad
dress, maae as national commander of
the Society of the Porto Rlcan Expedition.
General Brooke, Major Johnston and
Richard Harding Davis were appointed a
committee to suggest a suitable design for
the badge of the society. The date and
place of the next meeting will be decided
by National Commander Brapke and the
advisory board.
BUFFALO, Aug. 27.— Lieutenant Gen
eral Miles opened the first session of the
reunion of veterans of the Porto RIcan
campaign to-day. He appointed a nomi-.
cating committee to prepare a ticket of
election. The following were named and
elected by acclamation:
National commander, 3Iajor General
John H. Brooke; first vice" national com
mander. Admiral W. S. Schley, U. S. N.;
second vice national commander, General
Eugene Griffin; third vice national com
mander, Captain Charles D. Sigsbee, U.
S. N.; fourth vice national commander.
Colonel A. B. Colt; corresponding secre
tary to be named By General Brooke;
treasurer. Major W. H. Crump; registrar.
Major James Johnston; chaplain. Rev. J.
S. Schindell; members of advisory board-
General Peter Haines, U. S. A., Colonel
J. D. Foster of Illinois, General Albert
Salliday of Wisconsin, Captain M. Ches
ter. U. S. N.. and Colonel George G. Dono
van. *
DEVELOPMENTS EXPECTED.
Commissioner North was in' a state" of
Innocuous desuetude regarding the mat
ter. He had requested Commissioner
Powderly, he said, to relieve him from the
disagreeable duty of investigating the
charges of unprofessional conduct made
by Chief Dunn against the gentlemen
named. The attorneys had complained
against Chief Dunn, accusing him of
gross discourtesy toward them and other
attorneys and brokers having business
with the Chinese Bureau, and these com
plaints were to be made a matter of the
defense. The Collector- of the Port was
relieved at his own request from handling
the matter and nobody else seems avail
able, unless^ it fce Special Treasury Agent
Channing.
As requested by yours of • the 21st, you are
relieved • from further investigation in the case
of Dunn against Dye and Stidger.
T. V. POWDERLT.
. The investigation into the) charges made
by James R. Dunn, chief of the Chinese
Bureau, against Clarkson Dye and O. P.'
Stidger, which, was to have been begun
yesterday, was taken out of the hands of
United Stales Immigration Commissioner
North by the following dispatch:.
ger Squabble Is Taken Out of
His Hands.
Investigation, of the Dunn-Dye-Stid-
General Miles Presides
Over Porto Rico
Campaigners.
HAST NORTH BELIEVED
OF A DISAGREEABLE JOB
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. 27.— The Repub
lican State Convention, which .will meet
to-morrow, : will from surface indication^
to-night be a short" and harmonious one.
Nebraska elects but three State officers
this fall— one Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court and two Regents of the Uni
versity of Nebraska. The contest for first
place on the ticket has been at no time
exciting. Among the active aspirants for
the nomination of the Supreme Court Jus
tice are S. P. Davidson of Johnson Coun
ty, W. H. Sedgwlck of York, AV. W. Key
ser of Douglas, C. T. Dickinson of Burr,
J. B. Barnes of Madison, E. C. Calkins of
Buffalo and District Judge H. M. Grimes
of Lincoln County. For Regents of the
university only one name has been prom
inently mentioned thus far, that of Carl
J. Ernst of this city. •
The platform will strongly indorse the
acts of the national administration and
congratulate the party in Nebraska on Us
victory last November. The administra
tion of Governor Savage will probably be
commended, though a, resolution may be
introduced censuring him for the pa
role from the penitentiary of former State
Treasurer Bartley. This is the only ques
tion likely to disturb the harmony of the
convention.
Select Persons for State
. [ ' Offices.
Republicans Are to Meet To-day and
NEBRASKA CONVENTION
WILL BE HARMONIOUS
SAN FRANCISCO COUPLE WHO
WILL CELEBRATE THEIR
GOLDEN WEDDING SUNDAY.
WAR VETERANS
HUME OFFICERS
The Verein Eintracht Turn Schwestern will
give their third anniversay ball Sunday even
ing, September 22, at _ Eintracht .- Hall, 237
Twelfth street. - • .
Mrs. M. Rissman has returned from the
YosemJte Valley and is residing again at 908
Sutter street.
Miss Hulda Popper will be pleased to receive
her" friends the first Wednesday at 1743 Bu
chanan street. . . ; • / .
'Mrs. S. R.' Krouse has returned from her
Eastern trip and will be pleased to see her
friends on the first, and third Thursdays of the
month. - ¦» . •
Mrs. J. Burr, accompanied . by Miss Trlxif
Burr, will spend a short time in New York,
Washington and Buffalo, after leaving Sara
toga, where they are at present. They expect
to be absent about two months.
Mrs. J. F. Logan and. Miss Susie'Logan have
returned from Mill Valley and will be at home
on the fourth Tuesday of each month.
' An enjoyable surprise party was tendered
Miss L. Kierney at her home, 3637 Twenty
fourth street, Friday evening, August 16. The
evening was spent in singing, music and games..
Those present were: Mlssea L: Kierney, D.
Murphy, I. Borden, C. Collins, G. Steinau, B.
Rottanzi, S. Downs, 1. Grady. A. Mineberger,
Elsie Flack, C. Game; E.- McDonald, A. Jour
den. N. Kierney and Myra McCloskey, Masters
G.-EIdey, E. Thurston, K. Kibbidge, R. Dona
van, F. Murray, H. Steward, S. Mitchell, Roy
Boyd. Ray Boyd, B. McNab, D. de Sllvey, E.
Mollet, J. Leach, ' V. McCloskey, F. Lyons, F.
Ewing, G. Borden and B. Hermann, Mr. and
Mrs. Kierney, Mr. and Mrs. Cook and Mrs.
Leahy.
The engagement is announced of Miss Grace
Kvellne- "Sully of Berkeley and Alphonso J.
Mervy of San Francisco. •. ¦ ¦ •¦ . , ?¦:-.
Miss Sully Is the only daughter of H. A.
Sully, well known ; in railjvay circles, having
been for many years connected with the South
ern Pacific Company, In the general freight
department. * .*¦
Mr. Mervy holds an important position with
Contractor James A. McMahon.
Judge Wickersham, the newly appointed
Judge for Judicial District No. 2, Alaska; per
formed the ceremony. ¦ Among those present
were Louis Sloss Jr., Mr. and Mrs. M. L.
.Washburn, Captain J. E. Hansen, Captain
Itlbbard C. Ramsden, James W: Hill. F. P.
Koyie, Mrs. Koyle. Miss Royle, Miss Mab Hill
and Mrs. Henderson. Mr. ; and Mrs. Menzies
left en the steamer Sarah for Dawson and will
reach Alameda some time in October.
The wedding of Robert Kirschner and Lena
Altmann, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Alt
mann,- will take place Sunday, September . 8,
at 5 o'clock p. m. Only relatives will be pres
ent.
Miss Addle Hill of 2112 Pacific avenue, Alame
da who, accompanied by her brother and sis
ter went on a vacation to St. Michael in July,
was married in August, at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Koyle, St. Michael, Alaska,
to Stewart Menzles, general traveling auditor
for the Northern Commercial Company and the
North Navigation Company.
The wedding of Miss Mabel Foster and Lieu
tenant Daniel Wilbcrt Wurtsbaugh" TJ. S. N..
will be celebrated this evening af the home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. N. H. Foster,
on Walnut street. Dr. Weeden of St. Luke's
will perform the ceremony In the presence of
one hundred invited guests.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Father Cullen was i born in Cavan
County, Ireland, and was educated in
Dublin. He also studied in Boston and
-At the present- time there is no resident
clergyman ] at either Mountain View or
May field. A priest from Menlo Park has
been in the custom of visiting Mayfield
and celebrating mass there every Sunday.
The Jesuit Fathers of Santa Clara College
looked after the religious welfare •• of
Mountain View. Father Cullen will here
after be pastor of both parishes and his
first work will be to erect a parochial
residence at Mayfleld.
appointed pastor of the. parishes
of Mountain View and Mayfleld by Arch
bishop Riordan,' And he will' leave shortly
for, the new field of his labors. His de
parture will be greatly, regretted, as he
has a host of friends and is one of the
most popular clergymen in this city. ¦
THE Rev. Father John J. Cullen,
who has been assistant pastor of
Sacred Heart Parish in this city
for the- past five years, has been
In speaking of general conditions at
Ncme Vawter said that every good piece
of ground had one or more owners and
there was little chance for a man to lo
< ate either in the Nome district or any
place in the immediate neighborhood. He
also said that the town was filled with
idle men, among whom were many of the
vicious element, and that he thought his
successor, Marshal Frank H. Richards,
would have his hands full during the com
ing winter.
Another person who is expected to soon
put in appearance here is Attorney Met
fon. Metson is now in Nome and is work
ing day and night to get evidence together
that v.-ill make it exceedingly warm for
both Noyes and Woods when the famous
trial takes place.
Vawter was prominent in the McKenzie
litigation of last year and is subpenaed
;o appear before the Circuit Court in Oc
tober to testify against Judge Noyes,
when he appears to answer for contempt.
Vawter will say nothing concerning the
i rouble, as he considers it would be undig
nified for one in his position to do much
talking at the present time. Vawter.
however, substantiates the story of the
trouble between Noyes and District At
torney Woods and says that some very
interesting developments may be expected
when these two gentlemen come here to
attempt to clear themselves of their al
leged wrongdoing.
C. L. Vawter. formerly United States
Marshal at Nome, is a guest at the Pal
ace. Vawtcr is en route to Washington,
whtre be is going on business connected
v.ith his former official position.
Jonner Marshal of Nome Promises
Interesting Developments.
WTLL TESTIFY AQAI1TST NOTES.
For a minute. In his zeal to find out
about the law-breaking, the policeman did
not see the loving couple. Davis pointed
to the crowd which was congregating and
to the couple. 'The officer approached the
two and spoke to them. With mischief in
her eyes the young woman nestled close
to the paternal looking policeman and
began to plead with him.<
"Why, officer, teach not your, lips such
scorn. They were not made for such con
tempt, .but rather for kissing," she sug
gested.
' "What do you mean by this scandal
here?" said Policeman O'Donaghue.
"Why, officer, you can't blame us,",
-urged the young wife. "You used to kisd
yourself and may be you do yet,"
"Well, you have no right to tempt oth
ers even an' old bachelor," said the officer.
"See these people looking at you."
Before the officer could stop him Ray
mond planted a loud smack on his wife's
cheek and the crowd cheeredr
"If you promise to keep off my beat and
get right away from here I will, let you
go " said Policeman O'Donaghue, "but if
you break that rule I will lock you up.
"That was a hard job,"- he said, as the
crowd dispersed.
Yesterday evening Abram Davis, a life
insurance agent, called to Officer O'Dona
ghue to go to Milwaukee and Evergreen
avenues In a hurry. The officer was about
a block away and ran to the scene of
supposed trouble/There he found Arthur
Raymond kissing his newly wedded wife,
formerly Miss Augusta Martini.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Kissing In broad
daylight on street corners along part- of
Milwaukee avenue Is a thing of the past.
The oracle of law as personified in Police
man Jeremiah O'Donaghue of the Raw
son-street station has declared against It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
J. P. Leonard's butcher shop at 10S2 Va
lencia street was entered by cutting open
: t screcn.door in front. The cash drawer
was Torched open and $2 stolen. The tele
phone box was also rifled of Its contents.
Lntrance was effected to the shoe store
of Georce Sex, H9tS Valencia street by
picking the lock on the front door. The
telephone box was rifled of its contents
uivi several pairs of shoes were stolen.
The grocery of T. HL Corcoran, 1201 Va
lsncla street, was entered by breaking the
front window. The cash drawer was
forced open and $3 30 stolen. The tele
phone box was rifled of its contents. Sev
eral bottles of beer were also stolen
TheofSce in Eaver McClosky's coalyard
T.12S Twenty-third street, was entered by
picking- the lock in the door and the tele
phone box was rifled of its contents.
Captain Seymour has detailed two de
tectives to locate the burglars if possible,
but their chances of doing so are slim.
Burglars were busy In the Mission dis
trict Monday' night, no less than five
stcres being entered and money and other
articles stolen. Captain Seymour believes
from the similarity of each case that the
Mme gang is responsible for all and that
ihf burglaries were committed by boys.
The variety store or M. Rothchlld.
Twenty-second and Valencia streets was
.r.tered by breaking a window. A cash
drawer was forced open and $2 50 stolen.
A box of cigars, some tobacco and candy
v.ere aiso stolen and a cigar machine
smashed.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 27.— It is feared in,
official circles here that the withdrawal oC
the French Embassadcr from Constanti
nople marks the dissolution of the concert
of European powers under which the in
tegrity of Turkey. wa3 guaranteed. By
the treaty of Berlin all the great powers
of Europe subscribed to an agreement to
refrain from any act that would tend to
the destruction of the Ottoman empire.
This action was taken to forestall what
1 were conceived to be the designs of Rus
sia, to seize on Turkish territory, and Rus
sia herself wa3 led to subscribe to th»
agreement by force of circumstances. Al
though several times severely strained,
notably by such events as the last war
between Turkey and Greece, thi3 pact has
jso far endured without amendment, but
It is apprehended now that If the action
of France is carried out to the extreme In
dicated in the dispatches each of the other
signatory powers will feel obliged in self
protection to disregard the agreement and
press upon Turkey the vast financial and
other claims that have accumulated in.
the past quarter of a century, with a re
sult of disrupting the present Turkish
Government^ , - I
May IDissolve the Concert.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 26.— The fol
lowing was the position of affairs Imme
diately preceding the departure of the
French Embassador, -M. Constans:
The Turkish Government was showing a.
disposition to regard the French demands
as settled by the irade relating to th»
quays and the Albanian land seizures. Tho
French embassy, in order to prevent a.
misunderstanding, wrote to Tewflk Pa
sha, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, yes
terday that\France, in addition, expected
the settlement of two other claims in
cluded in the demands made August 11.
and that unless they were conceded be
fore noon M. Constans would leave and
Munir Bey, the Turkish Embassador to>
France, would receive hi3 passports.. In
stead of yielding the Turkish Government
asked for twenty-four hours* delay ana
made alternative propositions, which were,
so unacceptable that M. Constans did not
reply to them. •
Turkey Still Evasive.
The correspondent, was Informed to-day
from the best source that the departure
of M. Constans from Constantinople in
the circumstances is tantamount to a.
partial rupture of Franco-Turkish rela
tions. Munir Bey, who is in Switzerland,
will be informed, as set forth in the semi
official note issued this morning, that th»
French Government does not desire him, .
to return to Paris. The current affairs
of the two embassies can be carried on by
the charges d'affaif es, but all negotiations
of a political nature will be entirely sus
pended until the Sultan yields to the-
French demands. The French Govern
ment holds that the Sultan has broken his
word. He had promised full payment of.
the long-standing indemnities to thft
Frenchmen, amounting to 12,000.000 francs,
but at the end of last week de
clined to pay the full amount and of
fered a reduced sum, which was refused,
by M. Constans, who waited until yester
day and then departed. The Sultan.oiad^
a final attempt to induce him. to stay.
M. Constans had left Therapia on board
the Vautour for Stamboul, where he was
to take the Orient exoress. A court cham
berlain arrived at Stamboul in post hasto
from the Sultan begging M. Constans ti>
return to Therapia and promising that
everything would be satisfactorily set
vtled. M. Constans declined to return, de
claring the time for promises was past
'and that it was for the Sultan to fulfill
his undertakings.
1 The French Government will take no
further steps in the matter, but will wait
for the Sultan to move. It is thought tho
Sultan will not allow the present situation
to last very long.
"With the departure of M. Constans th©
relations between France and Turkey
may be regarded as broken off. Munir
B«>y, the Turkish Embassador to France,
has been telegraphed to not return to
Paris.
Relations Broken Off.
PARIS, Aug. 27.— A semi-official note
has been issued announcing that the
Porte, not having carried out its under
takings with regard to the disputed ques
tions between the French and Ottoman}
Governments, M. Constans, the French
Embassador, acting under instructions
from the Foreign Minister of France, left.
Constantinople August 26, the date named
in his. last communication to the Porto
on the subject.
An arrangement had been effected Au
gust 17 and its terms drafted by the Otto
man Foreign Minister, with the approval
of the Sultan, who had promised M. Con
stans that the text should be handed to
him August IS.
M. Constans telegraphed to Paris Au
gust 19 that none of the promises had
been fulfilled, and M. Delcasse, Minister
of Foreign Affairs, on August 21 tele
graphed M. Constans that in view of su
nagrant a disregard of "the undertakings
the negotiations could no longer be con
tinued and requested M. Constans to in
form the Porte that he had received cy
ders to leave Constantinople.
On August 23 M. Constans communicated;
•with the Porte fixing. August 28 as the
date of his departure, and as the engage
ments were still unkept M. Constans left
Constantinople August 2C.
M. Constans Leaves Constan
tinople and Severs Rela
tions "With the Porte.
in a Queer Predica
ment.
Tremulous'Giiardian of Peace
Police Believe the Burglaries
Were the Work of
Small Boys.
Enter Five Stores and
Steal Money and
Goods.
France Unable to Get
Settlement in. Quays
Controversy.
Makes a Rule About
Osculation.
A Chicago. Policeman
KISSES BARRED
IN THE SUNLIGHT
TURKEY STILL
EVADES PAYMENT
BURGLARS BUSY
IN THE MISSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; AUGUST 28, 1901.
Golden Wedding of fir. and firs. -ft. flich=
elsen to Be Celebrated Sunday.
NEAR TO FIFTIETH YEAR
OF MARITAL HAPPINESS
Archbishop Jordan Selects. Popular Priest to
Take^Charge of a New Parish. >
HONORS FATHER CULLEN
BY MAKING HIM PASTOR
During his stay at Sacred Heart Church
he took a livelv interest in the League of
the Cross cadets, Company D of ths regi
ment being his favorite on account of
being from hid parish. The regiment never
went to camp without Father Cullen pay
ing the cadets 'a visit and he was very
popular with the members. , ,
Brighton Seminary. On 'arriving Id Cali
fornia he was appointed assistant pastor
at St. Rose's Church and afterward min
istered in San Kafael. .
9
ADVEBTISE2KTEUTS.
Fels-Naptha soap has ocen
here twp months; your: money
lack if you want it.
Nobody wants the money;
Fcls & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Free trial packages or. a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and,
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute freo
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weaknesa result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back; varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
. The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It Is needed.
It cures all the Ilia and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions arid has been an absolute success In
all cases, A reauest to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building:.- Fort
Wavne. Tnd.. statins that you desire one-
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who ere unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free samples will enable them
to'see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper ramedles
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will b»
cent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package.' no that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to writ*
without tolax* —- - — —^ —
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Hen.
SENT FREE TO MEN!THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1901.
10
RELIABLE girl, light housework. 2084 Market
street. '-,¦•-. • •;' . - ..•••• ¦ • :
WANTED— A girl for upstairs work and as-
slst with children. Apply at 2409 Washington.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' cloaks. 48
. Ellis St.. . - ..-,
GIRL for general i housework; small family;
.wages $20. "Apply 19 Scott st.
ELDERLY woman as companion and also do
: light housework. 2631' Sutter St.. .'
BUTTONHOLE makers and finishers; custom
coats; high wages. 40 Ellis st., room 52.
GIRL for : housework. 210A Fourteenth st.
GIRL for cooking and "general housework; sleep
home If preferred. 1306 Ellis St.- .-
WANTED— Good plain cook; some housework;
] small family. Call bet. 2 and 4, 2627 California.
REFINED lady with capital of $400 for office
.-¦ business. Address box ¦ 3415, - Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
INTELLIGENT, trustworthy woman' over 25.
by wholesale house; no bookkeeping or steno-
graphy. ' Box 4826, Call office. . i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
WANTED— Women for light work . on . fruit.
1731 , Folsom st. • ¦ .
APPRENTICES on coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market st.
FINISHERS on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
'. CO., 541 Market st. , .
FEATHER- pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'RourKe.1393 Valencia :tel.Capp 2687.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis: facial massage with
hydrn-varu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bu«b st.
DER3IATOLOGISTS.
COLE. 769-771, bet. Beulah and Frederick st*.—
.bine new sunny flets, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
E^?? ANT new sunny upper flat, 10 rooms. 870
Lddy st.. near Van Ness ave..
MOSS, 30, bet. Howard and Folsom— Lower bay-
wlndow flat of 6 large sunny rooms and yard.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; large
yard and cellar; rent $10; no children. •
To , let— A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937
Mason st. .
SPANISH— Theoretical or practical: speedy
guide to habitual talk; translations; letters.
210 Eddy st.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
:l2 — SU T NNY upper flat; 6 rooms. 33 Moss St.,
off Howard, near Seventh.
7-ROOM flat and bath for sale or rent. 603%
Natoma st.. near Sixth.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott hldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50 :• catalogue.
MODERN flat of S sunny rooms at 945 San-
chez st.''
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: Ehorthand. typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers:
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
SUNNY corner lower flat, 7 rooms, bath, laun-
ary; rent reasonable; perfect order. 1800
O'Farrell st.
' EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT S^H^OiT'fOR^MEn! iil,
A: practical and industrial education for men:
Y. M. C. A. building: more courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis Ets.: opening night. Tuesday. Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; departments — Art. business, civil service,
. elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
FLATS TO LET.
l{0USEirFLAT^A7jD~C0?TAGEs!
l)i, llis : m - f -. 8 r. 50 2302 Webster; c. 5 r.. 20
??JJ 1 ? Ness; m - f - 8r « 12 "Vi Turk; u. f. 4 r. 11
1102 Ellis; u. f. 8 r.. 45 3672A 16th; 1. f. 2 r.. 7
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Pest, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns . cut. 1019 Market st.
PA.CIHC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— Wo
have 42 offices In operation; new. method of
placing Blocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
. or nddress main office. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FINANCIAL.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1C20 MARKET, "-"oPpTfnf
!7 TEARS IN THfS BUSINESS
IN THIS CITY —
17 rooms; $253 cash,. bat. $10 per month.. 1150
100 rooming houses, from 2 to 600 rooms.
14 rooms; on Market et zo °,
10 rooms: north of M&rket st...... '*»
42 rooms ; clears every month $300 1W0
8 rooms; rtat near City Hall 4*5
15 rooms: fine corner; clears $80 G00
9 rooms; good piano; must Bell "rjj
36 rooms; offices; clears $S0 14 ™
14 rooms; J100 cash, balance payments...' 400
48 rooms; hotel and bar i-™?
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 SO"
24 rooms; on Market: clears $150 1000
18 rooms; corner; Just like home Iwo
10 rooms; on Mason ut. ; new <°<>
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 35uO
21 rooms: $600 cash, balance payments 12oO
I sell and exchange all kinds of property.
GIVE ME A CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN
LOCATION. PRICE AND PAYMENTS.
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION BUTERP!'
YOU MAY BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
.. ON OUIt LIST
And pay for It In monthly payments from the
profits of the house,
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
10 room!; rent $20; on Sixth $175
20 rooms; modern; cost $3500 2600
6 rooms on Van Ness; modern 400
40 rooms; on Third 1SC0
21 rooms: $500 cash, balance payments 1250
60 rooms: rent $100; clears $250 15C0
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 C000
7 rooms on Geary 2C0
17 rooms on Market; central 10D0
8 rooms on Ellis; clears $35.... 630
26 rooms on Mission 200
90-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms: rent $125 2350
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A.— CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market Ft. and g Stockton St..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If yon have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for aft sizes and prices, oee list of bargains.
65 r.; rent XST>0; with restaurant $3000
60 r.; rent $200; elegant family hotel- SWO
27 r. ; rent $140; pood fur., carpets :.. 2200
25 r. : rent $140; nice fur., caTps., ofs., r.. 2000
Money loaned on deferred payments. 1% p. c.
2! r. ; rent $100; mahogany and oak fur... 1500
20 r.; rent $S0; hardwood fur., housekpg. 1100
17 r. ; rent $63: oak fur.: perm., trans... 000
14 r.; rent S40; bras, carp., oak fur 1000
10 r. : rent $52 50; hardwd fur., brus. carp. 750
6 r. ; rent S35; modern flat, new fur.... 430
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying-.
rilOO— 15 ROOMS; Ellis; close in. •
S5000— 37 rooms; Ellis: clears $200 over all.
$550— 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $43; bargain.
S500 — 6-room flat: grand furniture; rent $25.
SHOO — 17 rooms: money-maker; rent $55.
$659 — 8 rooms: now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
Wo loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. S30 Market st.<
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1591
— 10-room house, handsomely furnished in oak
and cherry: all new and elegant carpets; fine
bed linen; light and sunny; clearing $45 over
expenses: sell regardless of price; worth $900.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rans. 1-2.
Near Call bids.; telephone Black l-S-0-3.
Samples from b!g free list at my office:
14 r.; rent $40; $150 cash, bal. monthly... $450
20 r. ; 3 blocks n. of Market st.: rent $S0
income $198: good furniture; fine" carp.. 1500
44 r.; Al; rent $120: clears $150 month... 3000
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
24 rooms; corner; rent $55; payments.... $1325
28 rooms: north of Market; rent $75 1500
20 rooms; good paying house 1500
19 rooms; rent $50; reduced to .-. 750
50 rooms: rent $90: see this 2000
FISHER & CO.. S35 Market: phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10,000] 37 R $55001 24 R $1800
60 R 3.000! 37 R lSOOl 19 R 1400
30 R 1,0001 16 R 550! 12 R 450
10 R 3001 9 R 300| 8 R ."00
[T will pay you to call at our office for lodg-
ing-houses, saloons, restaurants. grocery
stores, candy store*, etc. McBRIDE & CO.,
1016 Market st., opposite Fifth.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be fcund at office of — -
G. W. SCHWF.I\HAED. phono Mint 1911.
No. S17 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
SPIRITUALISM.
COME * see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
Kive names; received medala from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 Bush St.: tel. 2275 Larkln st.
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun., Wed.
and FrL evenings. 1C35 Market st. (no, sign).
MOUSTAFA— Egyptian wonderful materializ-
ing seance: singing; 8 p." m.; 50c. 1610 Bush
St., near Franklin.
CHAS. BROCKWAT, 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m.; every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
MRS. LESTER, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c; readings daily. 148 Sixth St., room 12.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Frl.,
8 p. m. ; Wed.. 2:30 p. m.; 10c: read, daily, 50c.
clairvoyants.
ume. m\ Bernard!
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
ocated at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
neningp and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you afe In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
23c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
Unt st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCON. CLAIRVOYANT. " ~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clalrvovant on the coast;
he succeed* when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 123 Turk St.; readings by mall.
MMK. MONTAGUE. ~" " ~~
Truthful predictions In all affair* of life; gives
names, factr. figures; gives luck: honest pre-
dictions In love affairs; reunites separated,
- nr.t one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
. reader, born with douhle veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c
gcr.ts $1; palm, and clair. Fit. $1 DO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
ralmlrt. permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
oglcal ralml't. reader human destiny: never
falls: 25c and r.Qc; by mall. We. 1203 Mission.
MME. LAROPB. best clal*-vovpnt. rard reader-
German spoken: 25c up. 777*4 Market st..rm.l8.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay: 25c 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. HANSEN— Card reader and palmist;
past, present, future. 108 Sixth at.. 2d floor.
M. WILLF. crystal s°er, clairvoyant. medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.: 50c. 326 A Ellis.'
Mrs.MsIlory.elnirvoyant card reader: when oth-
J.«ts fall consult me: L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howa rd.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant. i card reader; ladies
25c. rents FQc; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
LADIES only: your future foretold satlsfactor-
lly, 15c. " 6 Marye Terrace, off 418 Turk st
CARD reading. 25c and up. 835 Howard St.*
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader*
sittings dally. 44S>4 Jesele at. bet Eth and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St. j
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana,
only 10c. 262 Minna at., near Fourth. "
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst 148
Sirth gt.. room 23.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-S57 Tehama St.; tel South 40.
BEATING. 3c: laying, 3c; renovating. Be up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAP
PARRY. 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1035.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. •
tel. Main 29<. GEO. TVALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CO Jf^,H^' a Superlor^Carpct-beatl ng~ Worksl
;23 Golden Gate avo.; teiephono East 126.
C LTJ_?l c v ?' a '. Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 35-40 Sth st; tel. South 250!
J ", M /, TCH . 1 i T ' L Carpet-beating and Reno-
ia..lng Co.. 243 Fourteenth «t.; tel. Mission J4.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corr.3, lnerown nails, warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.StraMburger fromN.Y..npecial!*t on feet.
J^omg. T.P.S.S.N.Y.: Chronicle big., rm. 16.
* _ ' -^^COLLECTION OFFICES.'
CEOJKJE W. KELLY'S Agency-No^char-je un-
less successful. Room 810. 917 Market st.
COTTAGES "TO LET.- ~~"
COTTAGE of 4 roomT iiT RoseTve.. bet
Gouzb-and Octavla.lVi blocks from Market.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Ft., corner Sixth.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and- subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmora at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement! and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Aalencla st.
PARTS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L.WALSH.S15% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll33.
IF wanted, private family or hotel cook, with
excellent recommendations. Please send to
CHUNG WING. 902 Clay st
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.- . •
CHICKEN man, wide experience, most buc-
f^?' 1^- cpen for engagement. Address box
4976, Call office.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G,
YOUNG.-. 1841 Polk st.
MIDDLE-AGED man. familiar with the city,
wants to drive and care for one or two
horses. Box 4830, Call office. •
DR. A. C. KELLOGG — Experienced | dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
WANTED— Position In ; shipchandlery and
commission business; nine years' experience.
Box 4334,. Call office. ,
ARCHITECTURAL and mechanical engineer
and draughtsman desires good steady employ-
ment with responsible firm; at home In tran-
sit work, detail drawings, estimating, etc. ;
handles men. easily; superintends building
operations: specialist on concrete work; speaks
several languages; will go anywhere. A./ M.
E.. box 4932, Call office?
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates. $3; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EIGHT prl7.es for best crowns, plates, bridges
..and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
Vwondcrful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
¦ cheapest and guaranteed;' lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
GROCERY clerk desires position In. city; thor-
? u , eh j£ experienced. BAYNE, Winchester Ho-
tel, Third st. •••¦¦, . ,
SAX KJFLAA'CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San , Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
unt.ll J2 o'clor.k every 'night In the year.
CRA"CJI OFFICES— D27 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:50 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin etrost; o:wn until 3:30 p. m.
IMl Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2C<"1 7»Iarkct Etrset, corner Sixteenth: open
BBtil 5p. a.
ICC Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1C3C Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
T^oribwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
trcky Ptreets; o;ie'n until 9 p. m..
»» Fillmcre street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING SOTICES.
MISSION Chapter No. 15S. Order Eastern \*f
Star— Officers and members are notified .yjSJj^
\o attend the funeral of our late sister, y
CUA.RA E. SCULL, from the residence. w .
C20 Jessie Bt.. THIS DAT (WEDNESDAY) at
Z.ZO p. m. By order of the W. M.
MARY G. FOSTER, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodg» No. 136. F. and A. m
II.. 17! IMdy st.. will meet on _«V.
VEDXEKDAT, the 2Sth. at 12:30 p. m. JE3C
to- attend the funeral of our late *
brother, C. MULLER.
GEORGE PEXUXGTOX. Secretary.
tntOCXETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. M. PL
—Degree M THIS EVENING <Aug. 2S). ~r\«
at 7:30 o'clock. By order of the \\\ M. J^JK
K. FORTRIEDE. Sec. *~
EXCELSIOR Lod;re No. 1CS. F. aad A. ft
II.— Called meeting THIS AVEDXES-^A
DAY) EVKXtSO. A-jff. IS. at 7:30 <T
o'clock. Third degree. ' xr A
. H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1GS F. and A. M.— «
Callefi meeting THIS (WEDXESDAT) «JK_
KYENING ut 7:2S o'clock. Third de-^sfj?
.Tree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. *V^
HERMANN Lodge No. H5. I. O. O.
F.— Officers ar;J fur.rral rommittee jS5^^*3&
v.-ll! meet at Eureka Hall. Odd
Kellows' huIMingr. on AVEDXES- Z*'*
DAY. Ausr. rs, at 1:30 p. m.. to attend the
funeral of our late- brother, GEO. HEYL.
B. LAD A, N. G.
_ A^ H^BRrCKWOLDT, Sec.
GRAND CHANCELLOR L. S. CAL- *C
KINS tvIU officially visit Harmonie jQ>
Lodge No. 15. and Bay City Lodge No. <£sov*^
117. in joint convention. In the hall of .4s5±*
Hay City Lodge. IT3 Sutter st.. on WEDNES-
DAY <this) EVENING. All members of the
order are Invited to attend. Special Invitation
it extended to sojourning- brothers.
K. SCHAFFXER, G. K. of R. and S.
BAY CITY Lodge No. 117, K. of P., 223 •St-
rutter st.— Grand Chancellor L. S. -y J&
CALKINS, accompanied by other
grand offk-ers. will officially visit Bay "<P ?> i< 1
City and Harmonie lodges In Joint meeting on
WEDNESDAY. Avg. TS. at 8 p. in., at the
lodperoom of Bay City Lodge No. 117, K. of P.
Visitlns and brother Knights are invited to
be present.
CHAS. C. MORRIS. K, of R. and S.
NATIONAL UNION. Call- tx^SPCT"— *V
forni« Courci!. r:»cts v V^ s T^5 t^*' J^.
TO-NIGHT at Ticneer i"J \jL
Hall. Fourth Et^e^t. at
S o'clork <;r. Its jietr hall). Vlsitln? friends
tordiaily 'nvited. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
C. n. VAN ORPEN. Secretary.
ADOPTION. ~~
GTRL nr.d boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR
FOTKE. 141C Eighth gt. Alameda.
AXVHALTt'M HOOFIXC.
J. PELTIER. arrha!t Toofinpi sidewalks re-
palr-d; postal. n;c Mission; td. Folsoia 1607.
ATTOJtXEYS AT LAW. ~
Ar>\-ICE free ;dlvorc-s private; bankruptcy;col-
Jpct!ons;aitachinent5: mortgages ;bills of sale-
j'artnci-5hir.!=:df>f-ds: Tills drawn;fees low;open
rvp's. THCRSTON. 1Q0SU Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorcp Jaw a specialty; private-
no fee without success; collections G W.
KOWE. atty at lap-. 850 Market.cor.Stockton.
LKW 3. DOTTGLASS. r»7 Parrott bid*.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice: mod, fees.'*'
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful W
TV. DAVIDSON. 3d Market St.. opp. Mason."
L. E. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bids:.. 927 Mar-
kct St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOOKS NEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of. every kind bought. Tel. Red 2936
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-703 Mission st.
BOAK DIXG POR CHILDREN.
I OR I children to board; good home & mcth-
«r's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1537 California.
GOOD home for children: near school; J8 up.
gl?7 Prince Ft.. Berkeley.
BUREAU TRUNKS^ ~~
ASK to fee Lundbeck'n Improved drawer
trur.k: at all fi*s.ler* or factory. SJg Howard.
ttUSIMSSS CHAACES.
A— %ZO: CHOP and cyster house on Market*st~-
r*nt $20: daily receipts $30 and above- owner
-ailed Kast by death. Call R_ ' G. WILKE
ZV£ Keamy st. '
A— $S00: HALF Interest In agency of Eastern
, and European manufacturing; not less than
J159 per month clear for e^ch partner: refer-
ences exchanged. Particulars R. G. WILKE
26H Kearny st.
A— $350: DELTCACT store and branch bakery
•with 3 furnished rooms; rent ?1S; location
first cla*s: owner accepted State position. Call
on R- G. WILKK. I6Vi Kearny st.
A— ?700; CORNER grocerj" ar.d bar with 2 liv-
vat rooms en O'Farrelf st.; rent 525: good
business; owner to leave city. R. G. WILKE
rS 1^ Kearay st. • *
A— S4SO; RESTACRAXT and coffee saloon; two
blocks from corner Market and Stockton sts.;
r»>nt 520: must sell at or.ee; owner to leave
_i or Manila. Cs^l P.. G. WILKE. :C'4 Hearny.
A-SC50: SHOOTING pallery. doing a eood busl-
ress; net profits at least S1C0 per month: rent
?<S: ccme, ree and satisfy yourself. R G
f.'ILKE. KH Kearny st.
A— $1300; FIRST-CLASS In prices and first-class
payin^ restaurant close to Chronicle building-
come. Investigate and you will find a pplendid
investment. Cali R. G. WILKS. 26^ Kearny.
BOSTON Business Agency. 1C16 Market St., opp.
Fifth— Must be sold, at a great bargain, lodg-
ing-houee. fine paying, price S800. half cash.
»>alan<-e to euit buyer, house 22 rooms rent
S25. guaranteed profit £100 per month : house
on Eddy st.. 10 rooms, money-maker, great
bargain. McERIDE & CO.. 101S Market st.
opp. Fifth.
£230— PA RTNKR wanted: rreat chance In a
paving office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
S300-PARTNER wanted; light business; must
b< Ftecdy. reliable man; satisfied with $1S
. 52j , a no experience required: trial
given before baying. 25 Geary st.. room 1.
*SW— RESTAITRA XT on 4th St.; rent. $27 50: «
chairs. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
BUSINESS -wantfd— Mechanical engineer would
Invest r. few thousand dollars In good busi-
ness with firrt-class party; prefers maun-
fncturine business: have had wide experience-
£ne me chine work. Box 4822, Call office.
V/ILL sacrifice an old-established cash milk
rout*- in Western Addition; 80-gallon trade- 3
fine betaes. 1 now wagon, etc.; other business
caus.. ofieelilne: easy terms. Apply 2200
Point Ixibcs ave.
FOR Sale- a milk dairy, with living rooms at-
. toched; on account of going East. 1169 Va-
lencia st.
A- $375; branch bakery; 6 furnished rooms;
rent tie. STRAND & CO.. 203 Kearny st.
*:::0-CIGAR Ftsnd. stock and fixtures; down-
to-a-r.: snap. RE.STLOFF. S06 Market Bt.. r. 12.
fsrio BUYS half-interest in manufacturing busi-
r.esg. T.ell established. Box 4S05. Call office.
A^y?^.^^? See s " SWEE -
OLD-ESTARLISHED dear Btand. stock and
listurcs, at sacrifice. S01 Battery et.
BttANCH bakery for sale cheap. Apply to 1547
Mission st., city.
ale ~ A KOOd rtylwr restaurant. Apply
SIP Townsgnd st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
5ST0-STEAM laundry at San Mateo! J W
PAL-TON'. KI Austin ave., San FrancUco. '
TTANTED- Ap i-.onest and sober partner with
fSCOO In on optical bunlneEs; must either be
en optician or tv* able to attend to corrc-
f rending, etc.; cash receipts about Jijoo to
KOW per mcn£h. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. Oerman Expert Optician, 1C71>4 Mar-
. lect Kt., Stri Fraacisco.
FOR Palo- -At Invoice price, the merchandise
ttore nf CNOFIUS & CO., Santa Rcsa with
5ts two branches, one at Sebastopol and ona
- rx Hea'dsburg. as a v.-ho!e cr eacn store eep-
. «rate; disarreement smong partners the cause
vt *clUng. Fcr particular* address CNOPIU5
i & CO.. 5-«r>ta Itosa.
PARTNER wanted for ladles' tailoring cctab-
liFhracnt v.!th small capital for busl-
¦Bwe. P. GLIXMAX. Vallejo. Cat
A COOD l:::-!<Je route on tfct» paper for »ale-
fine dcTrato-wn location. Cal: at this office
. ior pa?t!c-ilar«.'
EALOON~A UuMneea corner, en Fifth St., near
-Market. Tnqulre ZZl Clara st.
t*50: RESTAtTRANT and oyster house; must
cch; typing K»rt; central. Box 4SS3, ' Call.
A BRANCH oface for Call advertisements and
KUbtcripUcna has been established • at -30M
' Valencia *t. • . . ., ...^_ ,,
Cl.ASSIFIKD «<5vertlsemcnts and ruhscrlptions
rece:vc4 rt Call branch office. 2JM Fillmore st.
MARINE and stationary engineer wishes posi-
tion; best of references; country no objection.
Box 4S55. Call office. .
WANTED— By man: and wife, a position to take
care of small , place In . country; small pay.
Call or address 226 Minna st.. lower flat.
STEADY, .reliable man, 35, wants position as
porter in^Btore, warehouse or otherwise; $10
per week. Box 4S45, Call office. :
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
• ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
, without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
A-DR."*f. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural . and
guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
icold and porcelain- crowns $5 to. $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. .
DENTISTS.
> 1 J~ SI X rooms, bath, in good order, lower part
I » Guy place, off First, above Folsom.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeninsr. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: Individual Instruction: catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Halielt School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1517-Parlor floor of 4
rooms; piano, bath, garden: nice home; $25.
EAVENWORTH. 1519%— 4 rooms and bath,
gas; clean flat, quiet neighborhood; rent $13.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, pantrymen, porter*
and dishwashers; no fee.'. 127 Mason st. -."
DRESSMAKER'S help, also apprentice wanted;
steady work, 1207V4 Bush st. :
TOUNO nan, 24, ¦ knowing several languages,
/. correspond, etc., i- much experienced. •¦- wants
• situation private secretary: willing bo useful
any way; modest tenhs. Box 4979, Call office.
, WANTED— Experienced waitress; 8 hours, $25;
girls to learn waiting. JOHNSON'S. 725 Mkt.
PRINTING : press • feeders wanted. ' 306 Cali-
fornia st. . ¦ . - - ¦
BOY wanted; for jewelry store; state refer-
ences. ' Box : 4834, Call. , ¦ |
YOUNG girl for general housework and help In
bakery./. 3116 Sixteenth st. ¦ ,;.-{'¦ , ¦
RELIABLE man wants work; understands the
care of horses, cows,: garden and chickens;
good references. Address Reliable, v box 4S33,
.Call office. . , , • , i
WANTED— An errand boy; wages $4 per week.
, ,Call after 9 a. m.; : 642 Market' st. "
EXPERT labelers wanted at the Glbbs-Wilson
packing Co.. 921 ; Bryant st. Apply at once.
WANTED--A' young man '. to work in : grocery
store; experienced preferred, i... 435 Third st.
WANTED— Good < dressmaker and apprentice,
• D. t BOGGENKANP, ,764 Howard at.
GIRLS to sew ¦ by .the day J on dressmaking.
s Apply 782; Geary et. . .
GAS fixture makers ¦ wanted. A. MERLE COM-
, PANY, 617-519 Mission St.. *
COATMAKER > and * pantsmaker for country
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
SALESLADY— Steady work ' to right party;
give age. Box 4912, Call office. v o
ACTIVE and .Industrious • elderly man wants
work round place; understands care of horses;
good driver and milker; references. Box 4954*
, • Call office. ¦ ...... . , . '
A SITUATION wanted by experienced German
gardener; private place or -nursery; - city or
country: can milk; best • of references. Ad-
dress Gardener, box 4824. Call office. •
WANTED— A • neat young man for soda foun-
tain at GRUENHAGEN'S, 20 Kearny st.
WANTED— Qlrl to work at Iadie3- tailoring.
1821 Polk st. . ,
STEADY, active, elderly, man. wants work-
gent's place; town or.c.untry: attend horses
garden, cow; chores; small wages; good ref-
erences. Box 4844. Call office.
ELDERLY : gentleman for elevator. \ Apply at
113 Davis St.", FREYGANG-LEARY. CO.
GIRL, aged 12 to 17, to assist in small family.
17 Woodward ave., near. 13th and Valencia sts
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
•/price*. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Cash boy«. ;; ROOS BROS., 25-37
Kearny. st. .'."». : '¦.,,
< EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG, fober, energetic ' winemaker. distiller
and champagne winemaker, with wide expe-
rience both here and in Europe, wants posi-
tion; best references. N.,\ Call agency, San
Jose, Cal. . -
WANTED^Girl for : general housework; wages
$25. ' S28 Hayes, st. '..•.;;; > .
WANTED^-Glrl to cook and do light house-
Work; apply between 1Q and 1L 1453 Franklin.
WANTED— Coat presser; apply factory. ¦. S." N
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.;
YOUNG girl for hair store; must have: some
experience. 1D0S Polk st. -; •.- . ...
WANTED— Active man; light, genteel work;
pays $15 to $18 per week; steady place; must
have $150 cash. . 765. Market .St.. .room 3.v •
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls. HEY-
NEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st. ¦ ! .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 K'llmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at 109S
Valencia at.'
WANTED— Pants I finishers; steady "work; good
pay. Call at SELIG BROS.. 10S Battery st. I
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 B0 to
J6 week; convenient and respectable; fres 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -- ...
WANTED— Vest finishers. Apply factory B. N,
WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st. ,
BARBER • shop, business center Oakland; run-
! ning 3 chairs steady; fine fixtures; must sell;
' Berlous sickness the cause. Apply to STOLTZ,
723 Market et. • •;
WANTED— Strong boy about 16 years of age
to "work In candy, factory; good opportunity
' to learn trade. I Apply to-day ' between 9 and
11 a. m., BLUM'S, corner Polk and Sutter.
TOUNO German woman 'wishes -work by the
day. $1 60. 6 Marye Terrace, off 418 Turk at.
WANTED— A girl for cooking . and general
housework. Apply between the hours of a
and 12 at 2422 Clay st."
RESPECTABLE widow , lady wishes position
as housekeeper in city. 625 Franklin st.
WANTED— Strong young roan to act as order
clerk in wholesale tea and coffee house; must
¦have experience; steady position to the right
: party. Box 4S43. Call office. • -. .
WANTED— First-class experienced millinery
saleslady; etate age. experience, where form-
erly employed and salary expected. Box 4342,
Call office. . , . ,
YOUNG woman "from the East wishes a I situ-
ation as chambermaid, sewing or housework
Call at 25SV4 Tehama st. ; no postals.
A— PAPERHANGER; marine fireman; lumber
-stevedores; longshoremen; sailors,' non-union;
no office fees. Mechanics' ¦ Registration . Bu-
reau. 410 Kearny st.. room 24.
SEAMSTRESS would like to sew four days
In the week; prices low for the present; a
good dressmaker. Box 4810, Call "office.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady. work at good wages. Apnly at CUT-
TING BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
WANTED— Bar porter. 20 to 23 years of age?
one who has had experience in drawing beer;
must be willing to make - himself generally
usef ul ;. state where formerly employed. Ad-
dress box 4953, Call. : .
WELL educated young lady, college graduate,
would like a position as governess or com-
panion in come nice family; references ex-
changed. Box 4823. Call office.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
piece and day work; steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth : and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO. .
HELP WANTED— MALE— Com. -
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen.
! laborers; • steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 examiner
building.
WANTED-^Two hundred and fifty men. to ap-
pear on the stage in "A Voice In the Wilder-
ness." Apply at the stage door. Central
Theater, after 9 a. - m. to-day.
BOOTBLACK wanted ' In barber shoo. 6C9
Larkln st. ' • :"- : ' -~ •'-'
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 1507 Market St.,
near Eleventh. - '¦¦' •
TAILOR wanted on custom coats; steady
work; gocd pay. 633 Natoma st.
WANTED— Strong boy. 15 to 18 years of age,
to learn house pair-tlng. 314 Stockton et.
TEAMSTERS wanted; J2 25 per day; pay every
week. Apply room 12, 5th floor. Mills build-
ing, or 67 Eighth . St., or Seventeenth and
Harrison sta. *' : ''
BOT. between the ages of 14 and 16. ' wanted
to work In dental office. Call between 9 and
11 o'clock at 969 Mission St.. room 10.
WANTED— Shoe lasters and edge setter.
WENTWORTH-SWITZER SHOE CO., 26
Main st. :¦ . ¦ ¦.'¦¦¦¦¦'
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. CaL; apply on
work: steady work, pood board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 2$ Montgomery st., room 25. San Fran-
cisco, CaL -- .
"WANTED— Recruits -for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly;
special Inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. ¦
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House,- 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— An experienced clothing salesman;
state age. Address Li tn ' Clothing Co., San
Diego. Cal.
WANTED— First-class salesman for domestic
department: state age. experience, salary ex-
pected. Address box 4970. Call office.
DRIVER for milk wagon. 816 Treat ave.
LADIES' tailor, first-class. J. McCLENEGAN.
532 Fourteenth St., Oakland.
WANTED— To buy good barber shop: country
preferred. Particulars, address box 4311, Call;
WANTED— Young; man with small cash: J35
month and found: no experience. 496 4th st.
YOUNG experienced German boy for grocery
and bar. Cor. Seventeenth and Eureka sts.
FOR SALE— First-class hotel barber shop in
mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 7th St.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third St.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgom-
ery st. ,
TWO first-class cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 681 Market st.
WANTED-Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GET your s*hoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.»
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
.'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and (subscriptions
r»c«l\ed »t Call branrh ofn>««. 5200 Fillmor* St.
HORSES AND \VAGO?'S.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carte, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth »t.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SECOND-HAND physician's coupe, rubber
tire phaeton, carts and business buggies.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO., 35 Dore St., S. F.
SECOND-HAND milk wagon and buggy for
sale. NE. corner Steiner and Waller sts.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry. 1
baker's, 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 823 Harrison.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOTCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.: he sells- tco cheap. 54 Eighth st. *
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons. buBtrles. carts, harness.
etc.. oheap. EOAN & SON. 8117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
ramplr.g wagnn for sale, ch**ap. 532 Mission
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at St.
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglas ft.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A HOUSE. 6 rooms and bath: stable for two
horses: rent J12. • Apply. 314 Duncan St., near
Twenty-eighth and Church.
LOCUST ave.. 624. bet. Golden Gate and Mc-
Allister, nr. Laguna— 5 r.. bath, base., $16 50.
TO Let— House of 5 rooms; large yard. 2307
Polk st.
HOUSES TO LEST — FURNISHED.
TO LET— Completely well furnished house of
9 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which are
rented, payUnr more than half the rent. Aj-
ply at 79 South Park.
NICELY furnished; 6 rooms and bath; piano:
large yard; 3 or 8 months; rent moderate.
Box 4S41. Call office.
- HOUSES TO LEASE. .
HOUSE to lease and furniture for-sale; well ap-
pointed furnishings; I 10 rooms; rent $75 for
house, or will rent house furnished for 18
months. Box 4S36, Call office. ..-,.:.
HOUSES TO LEASE — FURNISHED.
HOUSE of 10 sunny rooms, elegantly furnished,
to rent for 1 year or lease for 2 or more
years; centrally located; $125 a month. Box
4S35. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET IN SAN RAFAEL.
SAN RAFAEL cottage house. 6 'rooms; finely
furnished: modern conveniences; finest view;
.convenient to depots: plenty crounds; no
children. Address box 4S08. Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Going from foot Market st. to Larkin,
on Sutter-st. car, purse containing watch with
Initials J. M. K. and sum of money; liberal
reward. H. C. KELLER, 210 Sansome st.
LOST— 2 gold rings., one horseshoe design and
one green stone setting- with red spot in cen-
ter; valued as a keepsake from a saint sister;
reward. Return to 2701 Sutterst.. bakery.
LOST^-Double-nosed pointer, liver and white.
Reward if returned to 115 Haight st.
LOST — Watch and chain; bet. Jones and
.Geary; reward. Return 610 Geary.
$10 REWARD— Lost, Sunday, August 25, gold
watch and fob; Royal No. 2147666; Inscribed
S. A. D. Finder return 1439 Sacramento st.
LOST— Fraternity pin. N. Z. N.; liberal re-
• ward. 771 Geary st. - * SSsrSPA
LOST— St Bernard dog, sable and white mark-
Ings; name. -Emperor. 16 Third St.; reward.
LOST — White foxterrier pup: ears black; license
No. 1100. Return to 1363 Pacific st.-
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold to make new watch 'cases.
i ._•¦*.' -, MEDICAL.
DR.' : O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in
all cases : taken; the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my. treatments; free
confidential , advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes* of female complaints
.. treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
¦ W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market st.
RETURNED ............
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will bn pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 122S Market St.- .
HINDOOHERB AND MRS.. DAVIKS' original
¦ method of treatment; maternity home: home
In ; confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of . men only. 997
Bt.. corner Sixth: entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
v dies' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
, Ins confinement; best' medical eye;. low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market st. to
¦ 410 O'Farrell at., between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. .'WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell St., near Taylor.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207
I. LESS, secretary ; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— By a competent Protestant woman
a position as housekeeper In hotel, first-class
lodging-houBe or private home; will assist
with sewing or take charge of doctor's of-
fice or gentlemen's club. Box 4S74, Call.
GIRL wishes a position to do second work and
waiting. 303 Oak st.' - •
GERMAN woman wishes to go out by the day
from 7:30 to 2 o'clock; $1. Box 4S47, Call.
A COMPETENT second girl desires situation;
$15 to $18. Apply 702 Ellis Et.
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day; will
answer no postal cards. 743 Folsom st.
OPERATORS wanted on ladles' . underwear In
factory, 656 Mission st., corner Annie;- good
wages. I. MAGNIN & CO.
GIRLS wanted to learn to operate machines on
ladies wear. 656 Mission 3t., corner Annie
I. MAGNIN & CO.
SEWERS wanted to take work home. 656 Mis-
eion st., corner Annie, I. MAGNIN & CO.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.,
641 Market st.
HOUSES
COMPETENT, reliable woman wants work by
the dav. 537 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by competent Scotch wo-
man; working housekeeper or cooking In pri-
vate family. Call 1231 Market st.
2 NEAT, young salesladies for retail store; no
experience necessary; steady, desirable po-
sition, $7 week. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.
335 Geary Et.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT, AGENCY
69 Third st., near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 403
. RAILROAD LABORERS.
UKIAH! UKIAH!
» . FREE FARE. •
50 R. R. laborers..: Ukiah $2 per day
60 axmen and teamsters. .Ukiah.. .$2 25 per day
Free fare to Bakersfield and Fresno divisions.
60 shovelers for the Santa Fe.
2 farm hands. $30 per month and found.
50 Italian laborers to top beets, $1 50 per day.
board themselves, free fare, long job.
15 lumber pliers and woodsmen; $2 per day.
2 BUTLERS, $40 and found; colored man for
lunch counter, $30 and found ; barkeeper, $10
week; cook for 1 meal a day, $35 to $40; cook
small country hotel, $30; porter for institu-
tion, $20 and found; 3 hotel waiters, coun-
try, $30 to $35: hotel waiters, city, J25 and
$30; pantryman, bedmakers and others. J
F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
SWEDISH girl wants a situation to do gen-
eral housework. Please call at 2725 Twenty-
second St., near Bryant.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking of all kinds by
the day; will go out of city. Address E. C.
136 McAllister Et.
AN experienced young lady stenographer de-
sires outside typewriting. 916 Market St.,
room 63. Columbian building.
GARDENER and wife for Southern California,
$50; milker and wife, no objection to chil-
dren, $35 to $40; 4 farmers and wives. $35,
$40 and $45; 3 "stablemen, $25, $27 50 and $30
and found; teamsters, $1 50 and board and $3
to $4. day; chore boy, $10 and found; man
about tilace. $25 and found; 10 laborers for
quarry, $2 day; coachman and eardener, $23
to $30; laundry help and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
DRESSMAKER, stylish and perfect fitter, de-
sires engagements In families or at home;
ladies' tailoring a specialty. 711 Post st.,
near Jones.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.;
12 waitresses, first-class commercial and
city, $20 . and $25; waitress, springs, for
one month, free fare both ways; 3 restaurant
waitresses, $6 and $7; 2 chambermaids to
wait. $20; chambermaid, country, $20; cook,
$35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT..... '.'.I'.'.'.
2 cooks, city, $30; 4 second girls, $20 and $23;
nurse, one baby, $20; working housekeeper,
$23; house girl, 2 in family, $20; cook. Belve-
dere, $30; many other very choice places
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary St.
MARY SULLIVAN— Please call "or send your
address; Important. C. R. HANSBN & CO
104 Geary st.
A GOOD cook wants a situation to cook for
boarders or In an institution; good refer-
ences. Address Cook, 215 Post St.; phone
James 016.
EASTERN woman, elderly, neat and reliable,
wishes .position as housekeeper; likes chil-
dren; good cook; refs.; wages $10-$12. Box
4S46, Call office. .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED KEJIALB.
PELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Emplovment Of-
flce: all kinds heln. 315 Stockton: Main SIPS. ¦
CHIXESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; teL Bush 516.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGC bureau; estab. 1S8T: reliable & con-
fldential: lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 708 EUis st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also ' cleaned ,- and sterilized, uphol-
stery ; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. «1 to «5 Powell st.;
tel. Bush 42V
3HJNKS AM* Ml.MXO.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— CO AL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
_____
"Don't despise the day of small things." Flv»
dollars a month will buy 500 shares Montezuma
Mining Company, operating big copper and coal
mines near Mt. Rainier, "Washington. It Is a
blr, strong, safe company, working SO men la
mines and mills. Some mines are producing;
others being developed. Shares (par value H)
* - •*¦ ;. • — — — ¦ ¦¦ ¦. ' ' ¦
until September 1st, 18c cash or 21c on Install-
ments. All Indications point to these shares
being worth $1 In less than two years. It be-
hooves *he "forehanded" man or woman to buy
shares In a mine instead of a "prospect." The
Montezuma has merit, as we can prove to the
satisfaction of the most critical. Aak for
¦
printed matter.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO
Selling Agents. 310 Safe Deposit building. '
¦ San Franclaco. Cal.
RICH placer claim for sale; J1000. Address S
22C0 Flllmore st.
13 QUARTZ mines for sale, containing 100
acres. 'Address S.. 2200 Fillmore st.
M1SCE1.LAAEOIIS FOIt SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs. linoleum, new an1
second hand; we always have a large stock or
saloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hourst J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 102J
Mission St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
Qrraphophones, Phonograph*. Gramophones. |5 to
J1S0: easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary
A— BUYS, sell3 or rer.ts gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, watnr pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITEUy. 253-255 Spear St. .
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P. Covey*
1 2%-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
FOR Sale— Complete steam plant in flrst-claas
condition. To be seen running at 23 Main st.
WANTED— Sample trunks: second-hand; good
condition. H. O. WIEDERO, Fourth and
Mission sts. >
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedcra hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. J10; dresa pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR *ale— On Post st., between Hyde and
Larkln. a lot of doors, windows, etc.
PARTY desires to sell furniture and carpets
of an elegant home. 894 Fulton st.
A LOT of oil tanks, all sizes and shapes
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission t,
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading tailors.
Misfit Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton.
GASOLINE enirine3. all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
MOVING Dicture attachments for magic lan-
. terns. »12 SO. loo Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or Install-
menta. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 518 Mission!
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. "•«""»
FAIRBANKS" 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steei-
llned safe, perfect order. 215 California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand mov'-.sr pic-
tures.' BULURD jfe BRECK. 131. goat at.
illSCELLAXEOPS WAXTS. '
WANTED-Small Mexican dog; liberal pries
paid. FRAWLEY, 1040% Mission st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsonf 2522.
MO^E Y TO LOAN.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY ~~"~~~
$300 000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property secon<l
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loanq
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
2. .^°7S. securltl es. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg?
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages '.'.'.
Undivided interest in real estate in probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
.'....24 Montgomery at. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bulldlng-
Jo.OCO.CCO at 6% or less In large sums: loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more mon«y
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates. legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mlnlnar
Interests: corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
place to borrow money on diamond?. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market: teL Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
Advances life Insurance policies: Army and
Navy officers* salaries: accounts of. bank books
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial- Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
Chi furniture, pianos; no removal : money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
1-5,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see- me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 337 Parrott building.
A— ON rear estate: lowest rate: no brokerage :
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each •
tlfiOO: any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. !_
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required, fl '
; F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelarv building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
flOO.000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room Z.-~.-,- >
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — Money on ; good security at fair
rate of Interest: no room for sharks. Box
4330. Call ofnee.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL planes purchased of SHERMAN. CLATT &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright nlanos. $6 per
month: some good pianos sold for $3. U and
$5 Der month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.
Stein-way dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
st3.. .San Francisco; corner Broadway an*'
Thirteenth st.. Oakland. , ". •
AT BEN J. CURT AZ & SON. 18 CFarrell •_,
14.000 square feet of warehouse apace.
250 pianos and organs to select from.
New upright pianos from $155 up.
Second-hand pianos from {50 up.
Second-hand organs from J23 up.
Agent* for Chlckering. Vose. Sterling pianos.
Apollo.- king of pianists, plays every day.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co,
sole agents for famous and oldest Americaa
makes, ineludlns Hallet-Davls; great bar-
rain list, J50 up; Stelnway, J1S5 up; Fischer
JIM; Chickering. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up :
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st. i
ANOTHER cleanlng-out sale of storage planer^
&r?°,^ r °' wa prlce: * 6 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market it
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. 439 Bush St.: tel. James 1601.
A L C :.. R :. H H-£r s £? SeSstSSt G !T m
Head waitress. Arizona, free fare "$25
Waitress, springs, steady place i'O
Waitress. Petaluma "*" J20
Waitress. "Walnut Creek » ' J20
2 waitresses, San Jose, restaurant '.'. ¦" $?5
Waiter and waitress, San Jose
Waitress, Napa ¦.-.; t->o
Chambermaid to wait, Woodland . $25
10 waitresses, city $<>o
..FAMILY DEPARTMENT .'.'.'.'.'"
Cook and second, 2 sisters, 2 friends, new
house, San Jose, 5th September, choice place
$35-$25; working housekeeper, plain place,
country, fare paid, $15; waitress, private
family. $25: houseglrl, Butte County. $20, far*
paid; housegirl, mining town, $25, fare paid;
housekeeper, small rooming-house, country,
$15; cooks, housegirls. second girls, nurseglrls
etc., highest wages paid. Call and investigate.
,C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary, st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and~ChineBe""heTp~~of. ! XlT~klnds"
cooks, waiters and house servants GEO.
AOKI & CO.. <21 Post St.: tel. Bush 185.
10 lumber pliers, $2; logway man, $2; 2 cross-
cut sawyers, $2 50, for Santa Cruz Co., see
boss here; farmer and wife, $45. see boss here.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel butcher, must be good carver, $S0; hotel
roast cook, $70; steward, country hotel, $75;
second.cook, $75; broiler, $60, hotel, north;
cook and helper, country hotel, $45 and $35,
see party here; baker, country hotel, $40, see
party here; baker I (second hand), country
shop, $35 and fare paid; butcher, country
shop, $35; 2 porters, country hotel, $30 and
$25; middle-aged night clerk, country hotel,
$25; porter for steamer, $25; laundryman,
country hotel, $35, see boss here; 6 bell boys.
$10
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HAXSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free Fare .'..Free Fare
FOR UKIAH
10O teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
...FOR TRUCKEE/.
50 masons' helpers $1 75. to $2
100 laborers ..$1 75
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 headers and drillers $2 25 to$2 50
100 muckers and laborers $2
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
60 laborers, section work $1 75
Free Fare .Ship Dally Free Fare
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factorTprice:
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave. '
GLOVES.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, mmmar, writing
etc.: day or eve. : $5 mo. 1034 Mission, nr. 6th.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1S63: new SO-page catalogue free.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTIXGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
'EL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
PROF. L. MERKI. «xper|pnced teach»r: violin,
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile class. 100S Mission.
A L. Storrs. 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, eiiitar
lessons. 50e; piano for practice. • 39 Fifth st
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
Chicago BufIhops College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthandj typing, bookkeep. $6 mo.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
A FULL course of Ellis hookkeepine and the
Gregg shorthand rosts nnlv SCO. San Fran-
cIfco Business College. 1236 Market st
FOR Sale— Flat to let and furniture for sale; 5
rooms and bath. 202 Fifth st.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments
A. B. Smith Furniture Co., 128 & 132. Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, flmires: the one ronn who per-
fects Ivelrirers. college graduates & bookkeep-
»rs Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50. with No 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Folsom st,
Stenographer and assistant bookkeeper; dry
goods clerk, country merchandise store. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St. "„
HELP WANTED — 31 ALE.
A— MURRAY & READY...: Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
......OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY. ..... "
.......Special-Ship R. R. Men To-Day
Free Fare Free.i..
B0 men for steel, track and ballast gangs,
right of way and axmen Ukiah, free fare
Ukiah «
.....:..... Cal.'N. W. Ry
• Santa Fe R. R.. ..••••
50 teamsters.:.... Ukiah ....Free Fare
BO laborers Ukiah ...Free Fare
60 men !to work on Santa Fe system, Stock-
ton and Fresno Dlst.. $175 to $2 25 day ...
" Free Fare Ship, To-day. Free Fare
SINGLE-HAND MINERS FIREMEN
DRILLERS. ...MINERS .....
GOLD, SILVER AND OTHER GOOD MINES
4 miners, new mine. Santa Clara County. 8-
hour shifts, $75
4 miners, Napa County, $75; 2 single-hand
miners, new mine, $3, fare $75;- 4 miners,
south, $60; 6 miners, cinnabar mine, $75; 2
miners for a good mine, north, $2 50 day; 3
single-hand drillers, $2 50 day: laborer to
work around furnace, $65; 5 laborers, no ex-
perience, anybody willing to work will suit,
$37 50 and found
2 furnace men. married or single, $65 and
house; 4 laborers for a mine, no experi-
ence required, $60; 10 muckers, $60 and found;
10 laborers for a large gold mining company;
all surface work, $40 and $48' and found, no
experience necessary; 5 laborers, i no expe-
rience, to work in a brickyard, $30 and found.
COc fare; 10 laborers, near city. $3 day and.
I'ound, free fare; a laborers, city work, no ex-
perience required, no strike, $60; 10 shovelers.
city, steady work .$2 day
3 laborers, city factory, $1 75 day; 5 team-
sters, 50c fare. $2 day........;....'
. Miscellaneous .'.......
g Rough carpenter, ranch, $35 to $40 and found;
wheelwright. $2 50 day: carriage painter,
country shop, $3 day; 10 tunnelmen, north,
$90; 50 laborers and drillers, Shasta and Trin-
ity counties; 10 teamsters, Amador County,
$2 and $2 25 day; 5 teamsters,- new levee work,
$32 50 and found ; 5 woodchoppers ' for a min-
ing company, $1 75 a cord; & quarrymen. $60; i
2 bricklayers. $5 day <.. i
• FARMS HARVEST STABLES I
27 farm and orchard hands..: ..$26 and $30
4 farmers, same orchard, south.. $30 and found
2 teamsters, haul grain, $40 and found; 7 hay-
. balers. 18c to 22c; 15 milkers and dairymen;- 4
c-horemen and boys; 10 men and boys to pick
fruits, $30 and found; stablemen, $60, $50 and
$40; 2 stablemen, $30 and found; 3 hostlers, $30.
........SPECIAL— MILLS and YARDS
FOR A LARGE MILL AND LUMBER CO.
10 laborers to work In the mills and yards, El
Dorado Co $40 and found
6 laborers, no experience required, for a saw-
mill company $2 day
10 laborers, no experience required, for an-
other lumber company, south, to work In
mills, yards and woods, $35 and found
- HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS
Walter tor the officers of a mine, south, $35
and found; second cook, mine, $40 and found,
fare paid; second cook, camp, Truckee, $50
and found ; 2 camp dishwashers, $30 j and
found; 2 camp waiters, $25; 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $35; 7 waiters, different places;
, 9 cooks; night watchmen; elevator and bell-
boys; cook's helper, country hotel, $30; cook
for a' boat, $60 and found : first and second
baker, country shop; cook, for few men,
mine, $25 and found.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.S1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtg), s 90 103 00
Street—
25 California Safe Deposit, a 5... 108 00
$2000 N P C B. R 5s 106 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association 129 62%
20 Giant Powder Con .78 00^
lOOHonokaa -12 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co 13 75 >
10O Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 11 73
50 Makaweli . 25 50
10 Oceanic Steamship Co.. 37 50
20<Paauhau S P Co 12 50
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 00
$1000 S F & S J V. Bonds 123 00
2 Spring Valley "Water ......" ...86 00
Street—
100 Mutual Electric Light 5 62%
- PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
¦ • ' - ¦..-¦¦ ;i •:¦;>• v
Morning Session.
Board— ' • „
1500 California-Standard 28
800 Caribou 70
200 Four ";.." 8T
1 Hanford 123 00
125 Home •••'• 3 90
10 Home • * 00
300 Home ~ •• 3 85
200 Home, s 60 3 80
. 650 Junction 34
500 Junction, b 30 35
100 Lion 12
1000 Lion 13
100 Lion -" '• 1*
200 Monarch of Arizona 38
200 Monarch of Arizona 87 ¦
900 Monarch of Arizona 36
sCO Occidental of West Virginia..... 61
25 Occidental of West Virginia ; 53
1 500 Oil City Petroleum .'.... 29
9500 Petroleum Center 04;
1000 Reed Crude - *9
50 San Francisco & McKittrick 1 35
200 Sterling, b 60.......... ;.......... 1 «0
100 Sterling, b 30..! 1 60
50 Twenty-eight, s 30 1 60
.SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. '
= Board- *-•: . .;¦--;
2000 Petroleum Center 05
MINING STOCKS.
- The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
300 Challenge Con.. 24 300 Ophlr ........... SO
100 Confidence 95 200 Sliver Hill...... 33
300 Justice 04 '" ¦¦.;.,.¦ -
Afternoon Session.
600 Caledonia ,17 200 Crown Point... 05
50 Caledonia ...../ 18 400 Mexican 12
100 Con Cal & Va..l 80 50 Ophlr ............ 78
100 Confidence, 90 200 Union Con 11
The following were the" sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday: ' ¦ .
Morninsr Session, j
100 Best &' Belcher 09 100 Mexican 13
100 Best- & Belcher 10 100 Ophlr 79
200 Caledonia'.. 21 500 Sierra Nevada. 16
600 Con Cal & Va.. ISO 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
'. '-.'.; . - . Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ......... 04 200 Ophlr ..' 78
800 Challenge 22 100 Sierra Nevada. IS
700 Con Cal & Va..l 80 500 Sierra Nevada. -15
200 Hale & Nor.... 21 200 Union Con...... 11
100 Mexican ........ 12 200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, August 27 — J p. m.
* Bid. Ask. .;.': Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 04' 05
Alta 03 05 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash:.... 01 —
Belcher .^ 03 05 Mexican >12 . 13
Best & Belcher 03 .09 Occidental 02 03
Bullion :•• 01' 03 Ophir 77 79
Caledonia ...... 17 18 Overman 07 09
Challenge Con. 20 22 Potosl 03 05
Chollar 04 05 Savage 05 07
Confidence ..... 90 95 Scorpion ....... — 04
Con Cal & Va/.l 73 1 80 Seg Belcher.... — ; 01
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 14 15
Con New, York. — " 01 Silver Hill...... 32 33
Crown Point... 05 06 St Louis ..06 —
Eureka Con.."... 13 . — Standard ., — 3 60
Exchequer ....... — 02 Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry. 09 10 Union Con .. 10 .11
Hale & Nor.... 20 22 Utah ...........04-05
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 19 . 20
Alvlnza Hayward (owner) ! with Paul Aemar
,' architect Henry H. Meyers — Paint
ing/ varnishing,' itintingr and .whitewashing 1 for
an 1 eleven-story ' and - basement nreDroof .build
ing on NE corner of California and Montgom
ery ; streets,, N 93by E 87:6; $3120.-
¦ James 1 L. Flood 7 (owner) with ¦ George . Good
man (oontractor), architect Albert Pissis — Con
crete work for building on >NE- corner Powell
and - Eddy - streets. E 22:8%. ¦' NE- 186:6%.-- NW.
62:8%. ; N,. 114:11%. .W 137:10.- S • 275 ; $— — .- ' " ,
Builderal Contracts.
Horace S. and -"Willard H. Seaton, and Etta
M Hooe (wife of R. P.) to same, same, Berke
ley; $10. ¦ ¦¦."-,„¦¦" : ' • f . '.
Mary E. Seaton to • George Sterling. , lot on
N line of Addlson street, 1650 W, of E line of
plat 64, Rancho -V. and D. Peralta, being also
SE corner lot 16. Garfleld Tract.- -W 330, . NW.
124.25 W 17.50, NW 160. E 367.50, SE 274.25. be
ing all of. lots 1 to 7, the E17:6 feet. of lot 8
and all of lots 10 to 16, Garfleld Tract, Berke
leyr$10. -• - • .. ' '
George L. and Ida , 13. Marshall to j Joseph
Westall. lots -• 29, ¦. 30 and 31, • block R, - Laurel '
Grove^Park, Brooklyn Township; $10. -••-
;: Gertrude Walker . to 'Henry Z. Jones. 1 lots 33
and 34. block - 9. Allendale Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. „ • '
Emelia V Nunes. to Walter R. Locke, all
Interest in lot beginning at stake on E line of
Watklns street, now ; San Lorenzo ¦ avenue, « at
SW corner of land of estate of August Johnson,
thence SE 2.53 chains. NE 8.33 chains, NW 2.68
chains. * thence : at right angles W and along
line of said Johnson estate. SW 7.45 chains to
beginning except land 242 feet from - San Lo
renzo avenue. • 2.53 • chains - wide," conveyed = to
Bento FerreiraV 754 D. 43. Brooklyn Township :
Eurllla La Plant to William Whaley.' lot 13.'
block * A plat portion ¦ Fitch Tract, Alameda;
$10." ¦ ; , - •
Mary Bliss (by Mary La Plant. ¦• attorney) to
same, lot 14, block A, same, - Alameda ; ; $10. - •-
: Carrie ¦•¦ Lapham to '=- Foster •* Lapham, • undi
vided half interest in lot beginning W line of
Pearl street.- 650 S of Central avenue, W 272, S
199:6,f SE - 272, • N - 217,- ¦ portion block 10, Hays
and Caperton,, Tract.- Alameda; gift.'
• Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Mary
E Seaton,' air interest in lot on N line of Ad
dison street, 1650 W of E line plat 64, Rancho
V and D. Peralta." being also SE corner lot
16 Garfleld Tract, W 350, NW 124.25, W, 54.58,
NW 150, E 404.58 SE 274.25. lots 1 to 16, Gar
fleld Tract. Berkeley; $10. .-
John E. and . Reglna Keyer to Bmelia V.
Nunes,- all Interest in lot on. S line of Thirty
fourth street. - 165 W of Telegraph avenue, W
26:6 by S 123, and adjoining 5 feet of land owned
by Henry Reubold et ux, 745 D. 366, portion of
plat 6,'Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
A. D. and Elsie. A. Whitlock-to R. J.- Mc-
Mullen,' lot' on SW corner of East Nineteenth
street and Ninth avenue," NW 300, SW 60, SE
150, SW 100, SE 150,. NE 150, block 107, Clinton,
East Oakland; $10. *-..;¦-":'
Thomas P. and ! Elizabeth C. Hotran to
Charles O. Hill, lot on W line of Magnolia
street, 149:6 N of West Tenth, N 30 by W 133,
block 562, Boardman's map, Oakland; $10.
Victorine F.~ Anthony to Henry East, lot on
S line of Jones street, 100 W of Telegraph ave
nue, W 40 by S 100, being the W 23. feet of
lots 1 and 2 and E 17 feet of lot 16, corrected
map Jones Tract, Oakland: $10. ,
Philander • G. and Harriet M. Buchanan to
Ferdinand Bach, all interest in lot beginning
at a point on line dividing lots 5 and 6, block
E, 140 E of Broadway, thence E 22:6, N 25,: W
15:7, S 25, Wllcox place, Oakland, quitclaim
deed; $10. ¦
Martha M. and J. . W. Cox to Henry East,
lot on E line of West street, 54.75 N of Thirty
seventh, N 26.50 by E 110, lot. 3, block B,
Major Given Tract, Oakland; $10.
Jessy and Samuel Davis to James V. Em
bury, all interest in lot 50- foot front on Locks
ley avenue and 100 in depth, Locksley square,
Oakland:- $10. ¦ • • .
James F. ; McKay to Ellen Smith (widow), all
interest in lot on W line of Filbert street, 94
N of Third, N 50 by W 125, block 480, Adeline
and Market Street Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Varney W. and Annie F. Gaskill to James
P. Taylor, lot on S line of Twenty-seventh . or
Park street, 12S:10 E of San Pablo avenue, E
25 by S 90, being lot . 9, block 2020, map 2,
Whitcher Tract, Oakland; $1250. . «
George W. and Mary S. Haight to Ida.C.
Kelsey. . all Interest in entire fractional block
6. bounded N by . East Tenth street, E by
Third avenue. S by East Ninth street and W
by Second avenue, excepting beginning at NE
corner of said block, thence NW 100 by S
240, Clinton, quitclaim deed. East Oakland; $1.
Ida C. Kelsey to Julia H. Bradley (single),
same, East Oakland; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Henry F.
Peterson, lot on NE corner of Addlson and
Tenth streets, -E 85 by N 100, being a' portion
of block 100, Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley: $3.
Thomas P. and . Elizabeth C. Hogan to
Thomas and Amelia M. Cullen, lot on W line
of Magnolia street. 119:6 N of West Tenth
street, N .30 by -W .133,- portion of block 562,
Boardman's Map of Oakland and vicinity, Oak
land; $10. ¦
L. H. Sly to Lizzie Sly (v/ife), lot on S
line of Thirty-third i (or Nolan) street, 130.93
W of Telegraph avenue, .. W 43, S 123, E 73,
N 23, W 30. N.100 to beginning, being a-por
tion of lots 13 to 15, Boston Tract, Oakland;
gift. - • ¦ ¦ •-. ¦ : - ¦ - ' ¦ .•¦-.-.
Julia H. Bradley to J. Goldberg, 'all interest
in entire fractional block 6", bounded N by East
Tenth street, E by Third avenue, S by Eait
Ninth street and Bay of San Francisco ana
W by Second avenue; also except portion begin
ning at NE corner of said block thence NW
along S line of East Tenth street, 100 by S
240 East Oakland; $300.
Ollivia G. and Howard S. "Holmes to C.' H.
Rowlands, all of lot 11 and N 40 feet o£ lot
12, La Loma Park, .Berkeley; $10.
James and Mary L. Mason to Robert Mel
ville lot on N line of Prince street, 82.33 W
of Harper, W 40. N 122, E 39.88, S 118. 91, being
a portion of block 8, Central Park Tract, sub
ject to mortgage for $2000, Berkeley; $1QO.
Joseph J. and Barbara Mason to F. B.
Yoakum, all interest in lot on S line of Uni
versity avenue, 200 E of Sherman (or Grove)
street, Ei 50 by S 137:9, lot 2, block A, Twitchtl
Tract, Berkeley; $100. £> *
Continental Building and Loan Association to
Julia Sullivan (widow), lota 3 and 4, block C.
Fruitvale Station Tract, - Brooklyn Township;
$10. .•.:.¦." -,,••.
Hubert Judge to* Margaret C. Lossius
(widow),' lot on N line of Central avenue, 60
E of Benton street, E 90 by N 150,- being a
portion ' oT block 22. Map Property Charles
Fitch, known as Homestead Mary A. Fitch,
Alameda; $10.
August Greil to Ernest Grundman, lot on S
line of Castro street, 100 E of Clark street,
E 50 by S 150. being a portion of lot 23, Hemme
Tract San Leandro, Eden Township: grant.
Alameda County.
Henry J. Evans to John J. Quinn, lot on N
line of Vallejo street, 68:9 E : of Franklin. E
20 by N 100; $10. .
Simon " Popper (by| M. . F. Vandall, commis
sioner) to Emma Joseph, lot. on N line of Bush
street, 115 E of .Octavia, E 30 by N 120; $8386.
Emma Joseph to Theresa Pollak (wife of Ar
nold), same; $10. ' ¦' *
Arnold and Aimee Pollak to same, same; gift.
City and County • of San Francisco to Board
of / Trustees of Calvary . Presbyterian Church
and Congregation of San Francisco, lot on SE
corner of California and Octavia streets, E 68:3
by S 137:6; $— . v . V
Jane F. Likins to Prudence; D. Hale- and
Mary J. Hale (wife of Reuben. B.), lot on N
line of Pine street, 223:5^4 W of Pierce, W 51:6%
by N 137:6; $10.
Reuben B. Hale to same, same; gift. * '¦
Thomas N. Holm to Julia A. Holm, lot onW
line of Scott street, 30 N of Grove, N 27:6 by
W 100 (quitclaim deed); gift.
Marie or Maria Nilson to Catherine Murray,
lot on E line of Baker street, 100 S of Fulton,
S 25 by E 121:10%; $10. ..
Frank or Frank J. and - Eveline Nelson to
Charles J. Gottung, . lot on NE line of Dore
street," 150 SE of Harrison, SE 24:10 by NE
85; $10. ¦ .
Bay City Building and Loan Association to
John Landsburg. ..lot* on S line of Alvarado
street, 230 E of Castro, E 25 by S 114; $2250.
G. B. and Clorinda Demartini to Henry Kahn,
lot on N line, of Lewis "place, .175 E of Jones
street, E 20 by N 57:6; $10. . *• v- ¦
Alphonse J. and Consuelo ! Mervy to Sarah
Clack lot on NW line of De Boom street,- 250
NE of Second, NE 25 by NW SO; $10.
' Charles W. Kinsman (by John Lackmann,*
Sheriff) to G. A. Schuster, lot on SE line of
Minna street. -85 NE of Eighth, NE 20 by NW
69; also lot on SE line of Minna street, 105 NE
Of Eighth, NE 20 by NW 69; $38.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Thomas F. Lovett, lot on SW corner of Eight
eenth (Solano) and Missouri streets, S 25 by
W 100; grant. * , X - '
Same to Margaret Lovett (wife of John), lot
on W- line of Missouri Etreet. 175 S of Eight
eenth (Solano), S 25 by W 100; grant.
John Lovett to same, ! lot on W line of Mis
souri street, 175 S of Eighteenth. S 25 by W
100; gift.
William and Emma D. Anderson to A. H.
Payson, trustee, lot on W : line of Indiana
street, 100 N of Twenty-second (Sierra), N 75 by
W 100; $10. •
H. F. Precht and J. F. G. Eggers to John C.
Eggers, lot on E line of Idaho street, 150 N
of Plumas, N 100 by E 200, block 576, tide lands;
also lot on SW corner of Dacotah and Amador
streets. S 2G0 by W 200; $10. •-.;:: ,
John Miller to Louis F. Dunand (as trustee
Commercial Building and Loan- Association),
rerecord 1676 D. 234, lot 26, block 34, Sunnyslde.;
$10.
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
JJO Leonard, S Cruz
F. W Swanton, S Cruz
H Dobzart,- N T
L H Seargeant, Stanfd
E L Anderson, Stanf od
H D Hawver, Spokane
M Schmamk, N Y
H Gold,. N Y
C i Sussman, N . Y .'¦
S Goldstein. N Y
M Zongaboth, N Y
F P Grace, Sta Rosa
G F Rodden. S Rafael
WE Joslyn, S Rafael
H Turner, Sacto
J Everett, Stockton •
Miss Mogean, Cal
Mrs Yager, . Cal
F Grotefriend, Redding
N Goldsmith, Mo
C W Sexton, Los Ang .
B N Smith Jr., L Ang
Mrs B C Boneau, Minn
S B Schtrmser, Mo
Mrs Schlrmser, Mo
S W Waring, Mexico
J A Snedaker, c, Colo
J Blankfleld, N Y
Z A McDowell, Texas
Mrs McDowell, Texas
Mrs J W Duncan, Tex
Dr W L Lucas, Cal
Miss L- Stephens, Cal
J L Holler. New Orl
E.W Harkness, Chico
Mrs G K Rider, Sacto
M McWhorter, Cal
G Turner, Modesto
C A H Warfleld, Cal
Mrs C E Beven, Iowa
F A Tyler Jr., Auburn
WC Howard, Stockton.
Mrs F H Deacon, Napa
R Luscombe, ¦ L Gatos
W A J Edlnger, Sacto
E F Thorley, London
Mrs • Thorley, London
W H West. Colo
A F Switz. Denver
J E Pampln, S Lake
C C Hickok, Colusa
S S Burt, Chicago
G H Thompson. Cal
E O Larklns, VlsaJia
R B Stanford, Sonora
G D Carr, Chicago
W D Madlgan,' Stkn
H V Reardan, Alameda
G H Wilbelin, Cal
Mrs R P Hill. Cal
A C Burton, Cal .
J.Montmorcy, Qal
A H Bar. Cal j
J A' Denny, Cal
A Gaffney. U S N .
E R Hunter Jr., Cal
R T Perry, Chicago
Mrs Perry, Chicago
Mr3 M B Tano, , Masa
Miss Tano, Mass
C ¦ M - Jackson. Stkn
W A Blabrock, Chgo
V Tognazzlni, S L Ob
Miss Muscio, S L Obis
R Rumicio, S L Oblspo
A H Hodgson. Butte C
W H Hodgson, Butte C
W A . Burkholden, H I
O W Maulsey, S Barb
PALACE HOTEL.
Maxine ¦ Kovaledsay,
Paris ; ¦ .
Jesse R Grant, S Diego
H Boker & w, Berlin
G H, Taylor Jr. N J
T T Williams, S Rafael
C G H McBride, Cal
D Geraldine, Chicago
F Carter, Montreal .
F . C Robertson & w,
-. Spokane .
W B Duvall, Denver
C L Vawter & w.Nome
T Cort& w, N J
S Barrett. Georgetown
G Moore, London
W E Lantry, Kansas
J E Bird, Boston
H H Broymen, Honollu
Mrs W A Stephens,
NT' - ¦ .
Mrs B U Steinman,
Sacto . - . - 1
Miss L Steinman, ' Call
I ' L Steinman, Sacto
Mrs S ; Hamersbough,
Mrs S Hamersbough,
N T
Miss Frohman, NT
C W Wilhelm. Pa
Mrs L W St Clair, Mo
T M-Towl. NY,
Mrs C D Smith, Denver
C S Volquardson & w,
Mazatlan -.z i -¦:¦*•
K W King, Los Angr
J H Lathian, L Ang
A E Shaw, Philadel
E WInship. U S N
W Walters, Honolulu
C G Megrue. N Y
J Herzog, N Y
F E . Shaw, Montana
E Norton, N Y
E K Norton, N T
W M Williams. NT
J W Farrell. Honolulu
AH Baldwin, D C
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C H Stone & w, Cal
S C Dalby, Newman
J C Mays, Bos Ahg
F Kyselka.fe w, Cal
H A Fltzhugh. Texas
H C Webb, Chicago -
C H Stone & w. N Y
Mrs Patterson, Ky
S Wheat, Valley Spgs
G W Howard, Sacto
H Woolf & w, Oaklnd
J Barnett, . Alaska
L Mahlke, Alaska
E Charles, Circle City
G Piper & w, Hilo
N K Anderson, Hllo
J Burke, Hilo
M G Falvey. Seattle
J T Wait, Sacto
C G Allen, Newman.
Continued From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
"V-UY DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT— Sailed Aug 27— Schr Emma Ut
ter, for San Pedro; schr Eliza Miller, for San
Francisco. --.,»^'" •;•-.: . • ..
Arrived Aue 27— Schr Ivy, , from Seattle.
NE AH - BAY— Passed In Aug 27— Stmr Aztec,
hence Aug 23; Br stmr Wellington, hence Aug
24; Danish bark Havila, from Santa Rosalia.
Passed out Aug 27— Schr Wm Bowden, for
Shanghai: schr Eric, for Mollendo; stmr San
Mateo, for Port Lcs Angeles.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug 27— Br
bark Norma, from Antwerp:'. Nor bark Cara,
from Panama: schr Americana, from Eleele.
Sailed Aug 27— Schr Forest Home, for Shang
hai.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Lieutenant Durkin; reported that it was
incomprehensible ; how Atkinson could
have missed seeing the Japanese if he had
been on the lookout, as he should have
been:" .;«¦¦'> . - -
Acting Customs Surveyor. Chauncey M.
St. John filed a complaint yesterday with
Customs j Collector Stratton against Cus
toms I Inspector Atkinson for allowing a
Japanese stowaway 1 to '.escape from the
Hongkong Mar u yesterday morning while
Atkinson was on watch. The delinquency
of Inspector Atkinson was reported- to St.
John , by Lieutenant EdwarcU Durkin of
the. customs patrol. The Jap got over the
side ' of the , Maru and into ¦ a small skiff
moored to a .collier lying alongside and
was paddling away with - a flat piece of
board for : an oar when he was observed
by Inspector. Stone, who , was on watch on
another .vessel nearby. , Stone gave chase
and overhauled the Japanese. ¦ . •
"With Having Allowed a Japan
ese .' to ¦ Escapel .
Charged by Acting Surveyor St. John
GRAND. HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
COMPLALNT FILED AGAINST
INSPECTOR ATKINSON
*•'-. ¦ ¦ ¦- . . ' ' ' ¦ . - '..¦•¦ ; - ¦ . . ¦ ' . . - ¦;-¦"...':••¦-¦,'• ¦..-'¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1901.
11
MARKET, 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms; for
transient: for travelers; baths.
MARKET, 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
MARTINET. 1101 • Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur. ;. single rooms, $10 up.
MASON. 107— Large, nicely furnished " sunny
front rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1514,' near Eleventh— Pleasant room
for 1 or 2 persons; private family; $1 50 per
'week.
NATOMA, 284, near Fourth— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink, closets.
OAK, 231— One unfurnished room, with large
closet.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished room3 and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'-FARRELL, 332— Elegantly furnished ¦'¦ sunny
rooms, en suite and single; $10 up; bath; ref.
O'FARRELL, 691— One nicely . furnished front
roo>n in private family: reasonable.
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and' ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished ' or unfurnished.
THE BERLIN, 23S Kearny— Elegant irultes;
single rooms; running water; transient.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms. ; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ness ave. , , •
Bachelors' apartments: elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms: references. ; •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
California.. 807 — Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional. table; attractive rooms.
MCALLISTER. 848— Large alcove 'single rooms,
suitable for 2 or 3 persons; fine table board.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.-
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., sunny suites; best table board.
FRDITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
TKE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
TWO- good sunny 'rooms, unfurnished, light
housekeeping; rent $5 to $8; near Third, and
Mission sts. Box 4828, Call office. .
ROOMS WANTED.
$1000— 5-ROOM house; stable; chicken-houses:
fruit trees; corner; 50x140; nice place. Call at
314 Sutter st.. hat store.
BY September 1, five furnished housekeeping
rooms; adults: state rent. Box 4966. Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections -made;
city or country. PACIFIC "COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10, tel. 5580.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor; trial free; send for circular; 935 Mkt., r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205.4th.
SEWISG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ;.re-
palrlng; lowest rates :phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
:. only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
7th and 8th; other machines.
TWO roulettes,
Market, bet.
SLOT MACHINES.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., .722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture ¦ Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281. - -
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-handi all ' makes," 'at ' low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER,- 110 Montg'y.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for. less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The. Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trust;
. all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
TO lease at low rent — A first-rate chance for
a restaurant in a downtown business loca-
j tion; store, which can be fitted into a res-
taurant,' and basement, br 3 stories - and
• basement. By JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st.
TO LEASE.
OAKLAND FURMTIKE KOIt SALE.
PROPOSALS.
CAPP. 512— Unfurnished, eunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOLSOM, 834— Large sunny bay-window room
and kitchen; bath; everything private. $3 wk.
FIFTH, 348 — Suite rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon, Sep-
tember 10, 1901, and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard,
Mara Island. Cal.. a quantity of steel shapes
plates, rivet steel, clevis nuts, motors and
gasoline. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the Bureau or to the Navy
Pay Office. San Francisco, Cal. A. S.
KENNY. Paymaster General, U. S. N. ¦
FOURTH. 437% — Four furnished housekeeping
rooms; top floor. .,¦..., ;v ¦ - >.-.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; yard; $13. i-_ * v
HYDE. 408— Sunny front basement suite; 2 or
S rooms; gas stove; laundry; yard; $17.
HOWARD, 2381—2 or 4 sunny well fur. rooms;
*11 to couDle: coal stove; fold, bed ; storeroom.
JOHN, 4',*. off Powell, nr. Pacific— Four fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, cheap.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
' The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: y-.','\ ;*
Maurice Block, El, city, and Amelia Acker-
man, 44, city.
Joseph Burns, 26, 616 Capp street, and Kittle
Dunphy, 22, 133>4 Clara street.
Joseph C. Hardin, 26, Napa, and Mattie Me-
Cleary, 26, Napa.
Edward • T. Doran, 21, ¦ 3332 Twenty-fifth
street, and Lena P. Block. 18. 1 Redwood court.
Nathan M. Benjamin, 37; 231 Seventh street,
and Rosle Levinson, 32, 1131 Harrison street.
MISSION. 2503^-Furnished front room for
light housekeeping; gas stove.
O'FARRELL, 628— Large, sunny front alcove,
unfurnished; gas; running . water; very rea-
. Eonable.
POLK, 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furniEhed for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POLK, , 1620—3 Bunnv furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath and laundry-
THIRD. 335 — FurniEhed rooms, suitable for
housekeeping. ¦ ' *'< --.-V
TURK. 123— Very fine suite housekeeping; also
others; newly furnished; private home.
±<i : : :>::¦::, , born. ;.;.'.. ',4
HARRIS— In this city, August 16, 1901, to the
wife, of Ben D. Harris, . a son.
MARTIN— In this city, August 20, 1901, to the
wife of David H. Martin, a daughter.
SKILLING! — In this city, August 21, 1901, to the
wife of William Skilling, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices 'sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices, and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
'BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
TURK, 809— Three nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas and bath.
TURK. E25— Solar flats; fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 6 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; janitor.
ROOMS TO LET-— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14« Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllisteiv-yew, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find rrb place
like the Argyle; take McAUister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated: 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.'
7ralna !•_,*« anal nrm dn« *• nrriv* at
SAN FIIANVIMVO.
(Main Una. Foot of Market Stoat)
I.XATB — Fbom Jttlt 14. 1901. — ARKrm
1:00a Benlda, Sufcran, Klmira and Sacra-
mento.... «:S3»
7 »•« a Van villa, Wlc t era, Rumsey . ?iO3r
7i3Oa Martiiiei,S»altainon,V»Ilejo. N«pa,
CaUstoga and Santa Rout 6:23f
8:00a D*Ti3, Woodland. Knignta Landing;
MarysTille, Oroillle.. 7i»3p
8tOO» Atlantia Kipress— Ogden and Easl 12:S3»
*jo«* Nfles. Lathrop, Stockton 7«2Sp
•iOOaNUm. Mendota. Hanford, Viaalia.
Porterrille 4j33»
¦i8» A Sbaata Express— D»t_, Williams (for '
Bartlett Springs), Wtllowi, Bad
Bluff, Portland... .. 7«B3» '
¦jSMiSan Joie, Llrennore, Stockton.
loo*. Sacramento. PlaoerrUla,
UtonDK Chico, Red Bluff «>S9p
•ir»A Oakdale, Chinese (Ycaemite), 80-
nora. Carters.... ,\ 4««3»
•tOO* Hay ward. Milf i and Way Station*.. 1 1 i»3a
•iOOa VaUejo 18»23*
•iOVa Loa Angela* Express — Martin**,
¦ ¦ Traer. Lathrop. Stockton. Msrced
Fr*»no and Lo» Angele* 7i33»
M» A TaUeJo. Martinez aud War StoMoas 7jSS»
l*i««A The Orerland Limited— Ogdaa.Dan. .
tar. Omaha. Chieaco •i«13f
fltOOF Sacramento UWer Summera )3iOOa
- SiSSr Hajward. NUrs and Way Station*.. 7>33» -
?•«•* Benlcta. Winters, Saenunanto.
Woodland. Kuighls Landing,
Marmille, Orofllle lt:S3A
4iO*r Martluez. Baa Ramon. Vallajo,
- - Napa, Callstoca. SauU Roaa »iH3a
4t00r NUaaTuvennora. Stockton. Lodl... U>S3r
4i8OP Hajward. Nllea, Ban Josa. lAnamen fSsM*
•iSOr Port Costa. Tracy. LaShron, Stoektoa 10 £83*
BiOOrTba Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulara,
Bakerefleld. Baugua tor Santa Bar-
bara, Loa Aocelta ;...... »:33a
¦iO«i> Mar-nfi. Antloea, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno ltxS3>
StO«r Tosemita. l»t*3»
»»K>rNe\» Oxlaaaa Erpreaa- Mandata*
Fresno, Baksnaald. Loa Aneelea,
Doming. El Faao, New Ozlaana
and East 7t3S_
9t—t Harward. Nllcs aad Saa Joia 7«33 »
t«t««r VaUaJo 1 li«34
•¦Our Oriental Mail— Og Jen. Cheyenna, -
- - Omaha. Chicago ~— %3iXSr
•ft Oriental Mall— Ogden, Dsater.
St. Louis. Chicago.... «iS3»
trtvr Oregou and CalUornla Kxpreu.flao.
ramauto, Marjivllle, Itaddlug,
Portlaixt. Pngek 8ouud and Katt >iSSA
•••3* Saa Pablo. Pork Coata. Martinaa
and Wti Statloaa IIiSSa,
w l»i«ay Vallejo 7»33y
COAST LJNE <N«rrow tUage).
(Foot ot Market 3tr«e>.)
*t>*4*A Santa OrnsExannion to dantaCna _
and Principal Way Stations J3jO3»
SilOAlTswark.Coiitortllle.ManJote.Fflton.
Boulder 0reakJ9aaU0n» aad Way
BUUons »•»•»
!•*!¦* Hawark. Center rilla, 8an Joaa, Hew
Almadan. Telton. Boulder Oiaek.
Santa Cm and Principal Way
'-•-.- BUtlona 1«|8«A
«tl8p Nawark, San Jcaa, Los Gatos tSK»«A
»«ilBrQIenwood.Bonlder Creek. SantaOnia a«i»*4
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fnm Sil FlAJCISCO— F«rt of Kixkat Stnitt (SUp t>—
t7:19 t.00 li:00i.M. 1:00 3:S3 049r.tt.
riMOHUIi-ruliTBllWviy.— 1«:00 J8;»« MjU
lfcCOa.M. 12:09 2:03 t:C3fJI. y
COAST LJLNB (Braad fiaags).
(Third and Townaend SU.)
' atltt Bu Jom and Way Stations......... etS«A
t7iOOA Han Joaa and Way SUtlum......... li*"»
/7i»«a New Aliaadeu. / *H9»
M»»«a Sunday Exennion fox San Joaa.
Santa Cms. PaeUe Grora and
Principal Way Stations. iStSftr
•vMAftan Jota. BoOlstet. HanU Cms,
Pad Ha Urofe, Salinas, 8tn Lda
Oblapo, Banta Barbara and Pxio> *
alpat iutarmadUta Statfona........ 7iSO*
1«>SOa Saa Jcaa and War Station*,......... Os««»
IliSOA Saa Joaa and Way Station* »!••»
t*iM» 8an Matao, Kedwood, Monlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clan, San Joaa, ,
KoWater. SanU Crux, Salinas,
v- Monterey and Paol Ho GvoTa t!8«43a
«<l«r San Jom. Tree Plnoa. Sauta Cms.
Padna Grora and Way Btatleua ««IOi>
MilSp BanJuso ami Princtpal Way Station* »i43*
iSrtwF San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t»:0O»
BtXOp San Joie and Principal Way Stations 8:36*
•.OOP Redwood, flan Jams. Gflroy. Salinas,
Sauta Barbara. Loa Angelea...... 1*i«3a
•:SOr San Jobs aud Way cttatioua t*'«OA
«ll»43p S->n Joteand Way 8tation» 7:30t
A for Jorulng. P for Afwrnoon.
t Sunday exeeptad. 1 Sunday only. >»,
• Saturday only. « Monday.
a Saturday and Sgnday. yTaeadays aad. Vt^Uoa.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN SI. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY 'COMPANY.
Tlburon Ftrry. Foot of MarVt St
San Francisco xa 8an iiatuol.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
et 11:30 p. m. % Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. „'' .•*_.¦_,
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. xa-t 1:30. J;30.
5:00, 6:20. p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:43.
8:40, S:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
&nd 6 "25 p- tcx»
STJ.M DATS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. '. .
Leave I' In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [April 28. 1S01.I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. | Destination. . days. I Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 13:40 am 8.40 am
S:30 pml 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pmj 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. t • \
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pmf 6:20 pm
7-30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 ami and TJklah. I 7:35 pm| S:20 pm,
7-30 am ¦ 10:40 amllO:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pml
3:30 pm 5:00 pm [ 6:20 pa
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
- and
S:10 pm S:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 8:20 pm.
7:30 ami 3:00 am) 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm[ 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:3a pm[ 6:20 pro
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whita Sulohur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for I/ytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprlnss, Highland Sprlnss, Kelseyvilie. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett.
Borings; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin HelKhts, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Brags. West-
port. Usal." Willlta, Laytonville Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ra-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Cbronicl*
building. ; \
H. a WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manuager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausollto Ferry.
' Commencing April 28, 1901.
FKOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILI. VALLEX
AND SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DATS— «:55. 8:30. «9:30, 11:00 a. m^
12-45 *1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. "flOS, 6:43 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and ¦ Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. »10:00. 11:00. U:»
am. 12:45, "1:30, 2:30. *3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7 JO
p! m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to Saa Rafael
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-*S:23. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. m.. »12:25. 1:15. 2:3V *3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and- 10:00 p.m.
SUNDATS— «:15. »8:00. .9:45. *ll:00 a. m., «1»
m., 1:00. 2:15. 4:30, •a^S, 6:45. 7:30. 10:19
p - m.*
'Trains marked <*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45. «:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:10
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 8:43. S:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a, m.. 12:UL
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROTJOH TRAINS.
6:65 a. m. week daya — Cazadero and way ata-
tlons. • ' -
3:15 p>.m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. v
- 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)— -
Tomales ' and way stations. -„¦.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero • and . war . sta-
tions. ;.--"-¦'¦ ¦ ¦ - - , ¦ ¦
; 10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tloris. .
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
. : TU lawaUt* rarrr— roM •rXuk«t St.
acaVt mm rauuk »«aiwt •* m — «¦,
rJ0A.M- _tvwv ntn f 3:35 f. m.
8K» A. M.l f 12:15 r. _k
9.-0OA. M. 1:15 F. M.
10*0 a. m. I gnvDATa t t^Or-it.
1130 a. u. I ¦uauAii,,.,,.. 4 <;M R
1-0 r.u. 5 jo p. _u
2-0p. K.J ¦ 7:10 P. u.
¦-¦ - •- Wan, Saa rr-Mlwa «• Bra mt% aad BMarn. fL4»
Offices. 6Zi Market St.; & SanaalitoKerrr,
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
629 KEABST ST. Established
ggpnp^kSkin 1S34 for the treatment of Prlvat*
_sL_K"_OT Diseases. Ixv»t Manhood. Debility or
E»n_iswkdl^aso wearinsron body and mind and
—^ifflaPWa— BSSklo Diseases. The Doctor cores^w hen
_S§SiB»3_S otners * al1 - Tl "y himj C^iargps low.
T^WlSl^tSniSm''"" — ——-—»-¦»--«" Call or writ*
Dr. J. JP. filBSON.fcian Francisco. Cat i
BURNETT, 142G Market (old No.' 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every- room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central. •¦ . 'rt •
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
]u£t completed; close In town.
$4000 — New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
sold; fine location.
$4500— New house. 8 rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street.
Also a number of new homes in course of con-
struction. .<-•¦¦.. ¦ ...
' ¦ - A. J. ENTDER.
' 467 Ninth et.. Oakland.
' . ~ REAL SNAPS.
Call and See These Fine New Houses.
$32S0 — New home of 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$2750— AN IDEAL 6-ROOM COTTAGE.
A sightly elevation on Vernon Heights, ad-
joining Senator Perkins"; it is a beauty; must
be sold; lot 50 feet frontage; everything in
perfect order, in fact, almost brand new; no
reserve on this; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$2400— 7-ROOM COTTAGE.
All modern conveniences; built by owner
for home at a cost of $3500; owner's business
in. Los Angeles; no use for the property; has
instructed us to sell at best offer obtained.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1C02 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$1800— ON monthly payments; very pretty, near-
ly new cottage of 6even rooms, bath, hall,
bay-window, high basement, brick founda-
tion, etc.. all in fine condition; lot 37x150 feet
(note the size), -with driveway and barn that
cost $200; street sewered and macadamized;
buildings insured for -$1400; nice lawn In front
and back; abundance of flowers; house cost
$1500 to build; good neighborhood; handy to
schools and churches; close to Telegraph ave.;
street newly macadamized; Cement walks
laid; rents for $14 per month; title perfect and
guaranteed; big bargain for the money; total
. price $1800 on monthly payments; liberal dis-
count for quick cash sale; investigate this at
once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive agents for this property,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-—
Small tracts, JGO to $90 per acre, oa Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The CotatlCo., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets or information; ' . . : .
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free Hat. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
BULL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FINELY furnished houses to rent for the win-
ter at reduced rates; choice improved and un-
improved property for sale; fine lot 57x130;
will build to suit purchaser; - sun all day; 5
minutes to depot: $300 down, balance Install-
ments. S. H. ROBERTS. Real Estate and
Insurance. Mill Valley. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquit ed by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS'
" BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ,
¥3000 — DO you want a bargain? Just look at
this; fine house and let, house in perfect
order, containing 6 rooms, together with a
fine corner lot 60x100; street work all done;
only one block from station, and within 5
minutes of university grounds.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
y.'^V Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
$3300— NEW 9-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped with window shades, combination
fixtures, gas and electric lighting; corner lot;
street work all done; very accessible to rail-
road and electric cars.
Only $1400— 5-room house, large lot, within
walking distance of university.
JOS.'J. MASON. V^-r
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
HOMES IN BERKELEY. ,
-.We have a very large list of property to
choose from; we have houses and cottages at
prices ranging from $S00 to $8000; we have terms
of payment ranging from $200 down and $10 per
month up. to bargains for all cash; "we can
make It cheaper for you to buy houses than to
rent them; we can sell you lots from $250 up-
ward, according to location, on terms that
any workingman can meet. ¦
Call and see us and we will get you what you
want.
- SATOFF & WILKINS,
2121 Center st.. Berkeley. Cal.
BUSH, 812— A few rooms in an' elegant private
home, in excess of needs of present occu-
pants, can be rented by refined and unex-
ceptionable married couples or gentlemen;
house modern; all conveniences; hot and cold
water at all hours; furnishings best procur-
able; location convenient 'to business; only
parties who appreciate a refined environment
need apply; to' such rates will be reasonable.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
1 , (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) . ;
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. V:.^:
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln SchooL
¦ Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemeteryi
San Mateo i County. .
¦ OFFICE- 816 MARKET STREET. Ct
; - ', J. HENDERSON, Manager.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable, t
CALIFORNIA, 718— Nicely furnished rooms;
sunny and clean.
EDDY, 217— Nicely furnished double room, suit-
able for 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
ANIXTER— ISAACS— In this city, August 25,-
1901,' by the Rev, M. S. Levy, Louis Herman
Anixter and Frances Isaacs.
FRANKLIN— BARNETT— In this city, August
11, 1901, by the Rev. , Dr. J. Nleto, David
Franklin and.Bellrena Barnett.'
JOSEPH— WEBSTER— In this city, August 18,
1901, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Bernard J.
Joseph and Minnie Webster. ' ,
McCLURE— SAWYER-In this city, August 14,
1901, by the Rev. Father Jones, Robert Cur-
rie McClure and Letitla T. Sawyer of Baa
Francisco. ',
MEDAN-IRWIN-In ' Honolulu, August' 17,
1901, by the Rev. Father Macintlsch, Emil
C. Medan -and Allie M. , Irwin, both of San
Francisco.
MENZIES— HILL— In St. Michael, Alaska.
August 12. 1901, Stewart Menzies, auditor of
Northern Commercial Company, of San Fran-
Cisco, and Adeline Annie, youngest 'daughter
of G. S. Hill of Glasgow, Scotland.
MISH— SHIREK— In this city, August 25, 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Dr. Sol C. Mish
and Wanda Shlrek. ¦ ~ . .
RIEDEL— ABRAHAMS— In this city, July 28,
1301, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, .William Riedel
and Blanche Abrahams. . ¦
SAMSON— GABRIEL— In this city, August 4,
1901, by the Rev. M. S. 'Levy, Henry L. Sam-
son and Hattie Gabriel. ' - . .. ,
STAMPA— GUTSTADT— In this city. August
18, 1901, by the - Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, David
Stampa and Bertha Gutstadt. ;
WEINBERG-^-JACOBS— In this city, - August
25, 1901, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Emil Wein-
berg and Ray L. Jacobs. V:
WRIGHT— WILSON— In this city, ; August 26,
1901, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Thomas B.
Wright and Nellie Wilson, both of Gualala,
• Mendocino . County, . Cal. ... ..... .
MAERIED.
Samuel '¦¦ McFadden, . 18 , yeara manager for
the United' Undertakers' .Association; M.
J.V McBrearty, with the same company : (or
10 - years ; P. F. • Green, late with J. ¦ C.
O'Connor*: Co., have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and- ElgKth.' * Telephone South 44.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS
ELLIS, 221 — Thoroughly renovated; 100 sunny
rooms; 25o night; $1 25 week.
FIFTH. 107— Sunny pleasant unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH, 119, second flat — Single and double
rooms from $7. . . . ' •
> JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral - Parlors at 214 Eddy Bt. • bet
Taylor and Jones. . .Telephone South 576 ¦
$1 10 WEEK— Large x eunny furnished room;
closet, bath. Call by 8 p.m. at S34 Folsom st.
GEARY, 405,* The Navarre — Elegantly, furnished
"'suites and single;, travelers accommodated.
¦RATT.WAY V TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. -
Local LIm'd Ovrl'd Local
* •. . Daily • Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar.\ Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p.
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.... 2:05 d 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p -
."Hanford.. 2:l2p 3:27 p 7:06 a .'.
" Vlsalla... 8:40 p ........ 4:48 a ....:...
."Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
"Kan-City 2:40 a "7:30a ........
" Chicago.. .." .:] 2:15 p f 9:00 p
a for morning. . p for afternoon, .
'¦¦ *9 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, • leaving • Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace 1 Sleeping; Cars and Dining
; Cars . through - to Chicago. Chair Car - runa
' to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class , . passengers. - No second-class
tickets ' honored on this train; - Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
» Friday. 1 /HI.'MV Hm'AUWti^tl .iw'n i|lT"(¥ituiini|l
¦ 4:20 p. m." Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding , train . arrives at 12:30 p. m."
daily. . . ! - ¦:•• "•¦ -:"¦
. 8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through ' Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
. Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace ( Sleeper, which ; cuts ' out ' at Fresno."*
Corresponding r train arrives < at ' 5:55 p. m.
daily.- . ~ - • •' - •' -.— -
• r .7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points In ' San > Joaquin -Valley. - Corre-
sponding, train ¦arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally..- ¦
•¦¦¦¦¦ Offices — 641 ¦ Market ; street ; and . In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.--- "¦• ¦¦¦• ¦¦•¦ "¦•• •- ¦---.-¦..---¦-¦••.-*.--¦;.
. Me A VO Y; &,: CO.;
FUNERA L DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
I 1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th.
:' - ¦¦• Telephone South 247.- . " :,
HARRISON, 784%, \ near < Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; baths; all conveniences;,
homelike; II up. .,. -'•
GEARY, 1137, bet. Van Ne»s and Franklln-New-
ly furn. rms., en culte or single; bath, phone.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
I" 27 and 29 ; Fifth at.'-': Tel.- South' 167. -.'
FUNERAL - DIRECTORS AND EMB ALMESS.
Finest Equipment at ¦ Moderate Rates. •
CC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully > invited to . attend the " funeral ; to-day
(Wednesday),- at- 9 o'clock, from* her late
residence, 2G03 Hyde ,' street, -.. thence • to - St.
Brigid's Church, where a requiem high mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing. at. 9:30 o'clock.-Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ¦ • . - •
ALLEN— In this city, August ! 26, 1901, Jane
1 Allen, beloved wife of the late John Allen;
mother ; of James: H., John" D.; 1 Katie and
Willie Allen, a native of County Cork, Ire-
"land, aged 56 . years ,7 ¦ months and 14 days.
DIED.
Allen, Jane ' / Koch, Hilda
Aronsteln, Dr. A. Lynch, Wm. F.' B. %
Block Carrie Marks, Harry '
Breslln, Henry Myrlck, Ellen
Carroll, Thaxter K. - Scull, Clara E. "
Dillon. James G. ¦ Sheldon, Adele M.
Ennis, William C. Simmons, Lucy A.
. Heyl. George -. . , . Smith, Eliza M.
Grossetta, John Snallham,' Benjamin
- Keane, Dennis D. Wilke, Rebecca
\Kenny, George ' Wolff, . Schannette
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by. the
week or month; best In. the city; references;
take Market-et. cable cars " to Turk Bt. : .-
MUSICAL IN STR CMESTS--Cott.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co.'b strike hai
been a very successful one. and they have
succeeded in placing more pianos at the low
prices offered than their most sanguine . ex-
pectations justified. For the rest of the month
we will sell at 20 and 30 per cent discount.
WE have had a rood sale of Hazelton and
other hiph-crade pianos this week, but have
ttock left; we now offer a fine stock of me-
dium -grade pianos very special; terms easy.
THE J. DEWINO COMPANY, rooms 12, 13
and 14. Flood building.
ANY piano rold by us taken back any time
within. 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 .0'Farrell
St.; established 1S50. ~
PIANOS— Steck, Everett. Hardman, Packard.
Ludwlg and others: 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. (opp. Mason);
branch store. 951 Broadway. Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Sohroer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester. Ham-
ilton and Fpielman pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MAlTZyS. 308. 310. 312 Post.
WANTED— Four pood square pianos. BYRON
MAUZY. 208-310-312 Post st.
. . »__
STEINWAY. $200; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
$50— WEBER piano, cost $500. for sale on $5
installments. 1309 Gouph et., near Geary.
GREAT bargain in fine upright grand piano:
owner must leave city. 804 Geary st.
ELEGANT pieno as good as new: » standard
make: a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
"Shoninger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE" S
Piano Factory. Market, 14th and Church sts.
LEFT on sale. SS5 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN, 205 Post st.
ELEGANT new rprisrht pianos for rent, *3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers. old and new. H.
MUIXER. maker, reptlrer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. lfi McAllister st. * - .-
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37
McAllister «t. -
OFFICES A\O STORES TO LET.
DESKKOOM cheap: fine runny office: attend-
ant; private phone. 727 Emma Spreckels bid*.
OIL.
OIL. tanks, second-hand, in good order: all
flzep; cheap. H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission e*.
PAL3HSTRY.
Chirological College — Character reading, diag-
nosing, palmistry, chlrc'ogy and graphology
taught; diplomas Issued. Suite 45L Parrott big.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and lace
reading: lessons riven. 617 Jones st.
PERSONALS.
IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 0'Farrell St.. and
you will not be disappointed: this remedy it.
positively (guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price. /¦
J2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House. 1423 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 4< Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; II 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
pant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE trial— Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless: lady in at-
tendance. 935 Market, r. 5; sample mailed. 25c.
WHITE enamel iron beds single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1212 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
FACE massage, 50c: a new and scientific treat-
ment; done at 121 Mason st. F. A. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants". $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, 817 Market St.-
M ASQUEJJ ADE costumes, play books, wigs ;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
. l'UYSICI&XS A.\D Sl'RGEO\S.
DR. C. C.O'DOXNELL— Office and residence.
1021*4 Market Et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
7C4-766 Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
PLAXIXG A\D TCRXISG -MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st,
REAL. ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C3S Market et.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$15,000— A fine improved northwest corner on
Fclsom «t., east of 8th st.; improve-
ments 3 stores, 3 houses, 2 upper flats;
rents 513&0 per annum; large lot, 56x
100 feet.
SUTTER-ST. MANSION.
$12,D00— A fine large elegant house on the best
residence coition of Sutter St.; north
Fide* of street: 12 rooms and bath: sta-
ble in rear; plenty of light and sun;
excellent for a sanitarium; large lot.
. T6:4S1C4:3 -
SCOTT-ST. FLATS.
$3,000 — Three handsome, well-built flats of 5-6-7
rooms and bath; sunny side of street:
modern and ui>-to-da.te; opposite *the
Girls* High School; lot 27:6x96:6 feet.
MISSION IMPROVED CORNER.
$S. 000— Two stores of 4-2 rooms; flats of S
rooms; cottage S rooms and a. stable;
at a bargain; on a business of Church
Et. ; prestnt low rental* of $978 per an-
num, over 1 per cent per month, can
easily be Increased; large lot, 51:6rl00
feet.
GTJERRERO-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY-
JS.ZSO— Four well-built houses, 9-S-6-4 rooms
and bath each; never vacant; rents
J624 r>er annum; could easily be in-
creased to $720 per annum; near 16th
St.: lot 20x124 feet, more or less, run-
ning to rear street : mortgage $3750 can
remain at 6 per cent.
POINT LOBOS AVE. BUSINESS PROPERTY
$5,000— Two stores and 6 rooms in rear; rents
for $200 per annum: large lot, 50x100
feet, which alone is worth the price
asked.
MISSION COTTAGES.
$4,000r-Four good cottages of 3-4 rooms each;
on Alabama st., near 25th; rents for
$480 per annum: owner desiring Imme-
diate ea!e. has reduced price from $5000:
lot 80x100 feet.
MISSION HOME.
53,^00— A well-built house of 7 rooms and bath
en the north side of 24th et., near
Guerrero: fine lot. 25xS7:6 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
¦ 638 Market et.
' OWNERS of property, on Valencia. Guerrero
I or Mission Kts. who wish to sell call on W.
v J. gray. £30 California et.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and' In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to selL call on
W. J. GUNN. 630 California et.. 6. F. Sav-
ings Union building.
SIX, seven and eljrht room cottages; also two
fiat houses In block between 17th. ISth, Castro
and Koe ets.; hi. cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. car*. F. NEL-
SOK. builder. /
' ZZH "7
IF you want to sell your real estate, city or
country, bring It to THE PHELPS-LEWIS
CO.. 702 Market et., 8. F.
IK you are looking for bargains In real estate
epare time and eee HEALY & GIL.LESPIE,
630 Market ct., opposite Palace Hotel.
SUBURBAN tracts, near Burllngame and
waterworks. MARK LANE, 634 Market ( et..
opposite Palace Hotel. '¦
REAL ESTATE — COO.VTRY— For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 1C9 acres land. «ear Yuba
City. Sutter County, short distance from
Karysvllle; all rich valley land und«T culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be cold in whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; rood
buildings; well fenced: ebort distance from
Yuba City, Sutter County; will ¦ be sold | in
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are Eituated -In the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be Been to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 43S0, Call office,
for information a bargain will be given. -
TO LEASE. ' -
A dairy ranch at Tomales, Marin County."
IC. which carries 60 eowe; plenty of arable land;
Is within 1 mile of town and creamery. Ap-
ply J. W. KEYS, Tomales.
* [ETRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
• ncr & Co.', 767 Mission street. Notice of : fu-
neral hereafter.
WILKE— In Lorin. Berkeley, Cal., August 25,
: 1901, » Rebecca, beloved wife of the late Henry
Wllke, and mother of Henry Wllke, and sls-
ter-in-law of Mr. ' Groth, a native of Ger-
many, aged 46 years and 20 days.
iCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday),' at ¦ 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth,- where «ervices
will be held under the auspices of the Nord-
t deutscher Frauen Vereln. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
WOLFF — In Alameda, Schannette Wolff, ! be-
loved mother of Mrs; S. B. Dinkelspiel, Mrs.
J. Haber, > Mn. J. Dlnkelsplel, Mrs.- M.
Werthelmer and Henry, Nathan and Louis
Wolff, a native of Baden, , Germany, aged 82
years and 6 months. . - 4 ,
(C?"The funeral . cortege will leave the foot
of Market street to-morrow (Thursday), upon
the arrival of the 10 o'clock creek boat from
Oakland, thence to Home of Peace • Ceme-
tery, via 11 :30 . o' clock train from Third and
Townsend streets, r
ARONSTEIN— In this city, August 27. 1901."
.; Dr. Adolph Aronstein,' beloved -husband - of
Rosalie Aronstein, and father, of Charles N.-
_ and Adele J. Aronstein, a native ot Ansbach,'
Bavaria,' aged 66 i years. - . . •
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. ; •
BLOCK— In this city, August 26, 1901, Carrie,
beloved daughter, of ¦ Emanuel D. Block, 5 and
sister of Dr. Samuel -D. and Martha Block,
a native of - San . Francisco. - - - :¦ . , ' : : "—
• try Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect -
, fully Invited to attend ¦" the funeral . to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1932 Bush street. ¦ Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by . 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. Please
omit flowers. , , j
BRESLIN— In the ! City and . County Hospital,
August- 27. 1901,"- Hehry Breslln. a native of
Massachusetts, aged 81 years: - . _
<3ARROLL— In this city, August 27, 1901, Thax-
¦ ter Kenneth Carroll, . son of Paul T. and
Berta' Carroll, a native of Oakland, ' aged 3
years, and 9 months. . . L: • -,•¦ . .¦-•
DILLON— In this city, 'August 27, 1901, James
G., dearly beloved son of Catherine Dillon,
and brother of Mrs. Mary E. .Attridge, a na-
tive of Philadelphia, aged 52 years.
[E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 ¦ o'clock, from his late
' residence, 83 Silver street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, Brannan; street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass < will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ENNIS — In Oakland, • August 25, 1901, William
C. Ennls, beloved - husband* of Milly Ennis, .
and father of Mabel, Wagner, Edith, Daisy
and Helen Ennis, and brother of Mrs. John
H. Pierce, a native of . Connecticut, aged 52
years. A member of Court Advocate No
7378, A. O. F., and Oakland Tent No. 17.
Knights of the Maccabees- and Fireman's
Relief - Association. (New London. Conn.,
papers please copy.) ' '. ' ¦ ".',
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-
day (Wednesday), at;<l o'clock, at the
funeral parlors of Albert Brown. 4G8 .Thir-
teenth street, Oakland, Cal. Interment
. Mountain View Cemetery. ¦¦ r- . .'¦-
GROSSETTA— In San Rafael, "August 27, 1901,
John, beloved husband ' of Anne Grossetta,
and dear -father of Peter Grossetta, Mrs.
Stephen Troy and v Mrs. Frank ,T. Rlley, a
native of Dalmatia, Austria, aged 82 years
10 months and 16 days. (Chicago, 111., and
Tucson, Ariz., papers please copy.) - .
B^Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
. fully Invited'to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),' at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 509 Irwin street, thence to St. Raph-
ael's Church, where a requiem "mass will be
celebrated for - the repose of his soul, after
which the funeral will proceed to San Fran-
cisco upon the 11:10 train. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery. , Please omit flowers. .
HEYL-In this city, August 26.- 1901,'' George,
beloved husband of Clara Heyl, father of
Mrs. C. S. Whiteman, and grandfather of
Lillian Whiteman, a native of Germany,
aged 72 years 4 months and 13 days. A
member of Herrman Lodge No. 145, I. O.
O. F. ¦ •• • - ¦-.¦••
tC? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 135V4 Fourteenth street, between
Howard and Folsom streets. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. , .
KEANE-^-In this i city, August 26, 1901, Dennis
D., beloved husband of Anna M. Keane, and
father of George F., Daisy V., Ella, Arthur
and Gertrude Keane and Mrs. S. L. Sullivan,
a native of Ireland.
. EyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, 226 San Carlos avenue, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth streets, thence to
St. Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of his sqful, commencing 'at 9:30
o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KENNY-In this city, August 27, 1901, George
¦ inr Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street. No-
tice of funeral hereafter. f
KOCH— Entered into rest in- New York.
Augu9t 21. 1901. ' Hilda, beloved wife , of
Henry Koch, mother of Walter and Frank L.
Koch, and daughter of "Mr. and Mrs. B.
Priest, a native- of San Francisco, aeed 36
years 10 months' and 29 days. ¦•¦ — * ¦ ¦ * '
[?""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1421 Sutter street. In-
terment Home of "Peace Cemetery, by spe-
cial train ¦ leaving. - Third and Townsend
streets at 10:40 o'clock.
LYNCH— In San Leandro, Cal.. August 26,
1901, '•William Francis Boyle Lynch, father
of Mrs. Laura A. Eber, W. F. Lynch, M.
D ,' O. J. Lynch and H. W. Lynch, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 74. years 1 month and
6 days.
• - (ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services .to-
dsy (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at the
First Presbyterian Church, San Leandro. In-
•terment Centerville.
MARKS— In this city, August 26, 1901, Harry,
dearly beloved husband of Annie C. Marks,
father of 'Arthur. Amanda, Aloysia and
Henry Cecil Marks, and brother of Marcus
Marks "and Mrs. S. S. Decker, a native of
San Francisco, aged 40 years 10 months and
9 -days. A member of the Cigarmakers*
Union No. 228. and Court i Golden West No.
•20,-T. 'of A. ' " • "• ¦¦: "'¦•¦? * *"¦¦
(CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),- at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 155B Hawthorne street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ,
MYRICK— In this city, August 27, 1901, Ellen,
widow of the late Joseph A. Myrick. and
mother of Edward, Charles, George and Jo-
seph Myrick, a native of Ireland. ..
SCULL— In this city, August 26, ,1901, Clara
E., beloved wife of Charles Scull, and mother
of Charles H. and Clarence W, Scull,
daughter of Mrs. C. U. Barton of North
Brooktteld, Mass., and sister of Dr. C. P.
and F. D. Barton, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 47 years. (North Brookueld. Mass.,
papers please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, €20 Jessie street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
. eenth and Guerrero streets. , •¦
SIMMONS— In this city, August 26, 1901, Lucy
A. Simmon*, beloved mother of L. W. and
R. W. Simmons, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 73 years 11 months and 26 days.
(ETFuneral will take place in Biggs. Butte
County, Cal. Remains at the funeral parlors
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 318 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary, until
6:30 o'clock this evening.
SMITH— Entered into life eternal, In this city,
August 27, 1S01, Eliza M., wife of Willard M.
Smith, and mother of Mrs. Frank F. Stone.
Mrs. A. F. Coffin and the late Mrs. Edith
W. Childs, a native of Lynn, Mass.
tC7"Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to- attend the funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, at the chapel in
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers. '
SHELDON— In this city, August 24, 1901.
Adele M. Sheldon, a native of New York,
aged 36 years. ¦ ' .
(n?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (-Wednesday) , at 2 o'clock, at the
rooms of N. Gray & Co.,- 641. Sacramento
stteet. Interment, private. .
SNAILHAM— In Alta. Humboldt County, Ben-
jamin, dearly beloved husband of Rose
Snailham, and brother of William and
Thomas Snailham, a native of Wales, aged 25
ROOMS TO LET— —Fnrn. and. Unfurn.
MARKET, 1015 (New ¦ Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day. up. i
JONES, 947— Sunny parlors, Just newly and
elegantly - furnished; modern; -private; reas.SWINDLER WHO MADE SMALL PURCHASES IN SHOPS AND BAKER
IES, TENDERED WORTHLESS BANK BILLS IN PAYMENT AND RE
CEIVED COIN FROM PROPRIETORS AS CHANGE.
Physicians would not recommend Jesse Moore
Whisfcey if they did not .know it to be the best
la tha i market. ' •
Win. A. Schell. a miner of Oro Fino, Sis
kiyou County, filed a petition In Insolvency
yesterday ln the . United States District
Court. .He owes $3200 and has no assets.
Morris Brick, retired merchant, San
Francisco, also- filed a petition, statins his
debts at $21,425 and his assets at $1156.
Two Insolvents.
Fisher . is known in Sacramento as . the
Sherlock Holmes of the Police Depart
ment. ¦ -¦-•-' ¦ / _ • '
Lymah I. Mowry, filed a complaint In the
United States Circuit Court yesterday on
behalf .of his client. Chin Teck, against
Max Fisher, a Sacramento detective, for
$15,030 damages' and costs for false Im
prisonment and battery. The complaint
recites that July^ 3 of this year Fisher
maliciously and without probable cause
arrested v Chin as . a * vagrant and caused
him to be imprisoned in the Sacramento
City Prison for one hour until he deposited
$200 bail. Chin hired a lawyer for $30 and
was acquitted in the court of Justice of
the Peace Anderson. It is alleged further
that on the day following: the arrest
Fisher beat Chin severely with his fists.
lock Holmes Fisher of the
. Capital City.
Chin Yeck Is After the Purse of Sher-
SACBAMENTO DETECTIVE
SUED FOB A FORTUNE
Thrasher was the son of Captain Luther
A. Thrasher, Internal Revenue Agent at
Milwaukee. Friends of the deceased tele
graphed the sad news to Thrasher's
parents. It is probable that the body will
be sent East for. interment.
It is supposed that Thrasher committed
suicide while suffering ( from an acute
attack of melancholia. The guests of the
Gait House were startled by the report of
a pistol about 8 o'clock last night and J.
F. Sweeney, the proprietor of the place,
broke Into Thrasher's room. The un
fortunate young man was lying on the
bed, with a revolver tightly clutched in
his right hand end a gaping wound in his
head. ' ¦ ¦ ¦*
Thrasher left two letters addressed to
Collector J. C. Lynch. He was considered
a capable official, and Collector Lynch
stated last evening that he was to have
been promoted on the first of next month.
He was scheduled for duty at Fresno
during the sweet wine season.
Thrasher was on duty at the Morgue at
the time and read the sad news of his
sweetheart's death on the cold and formal
official blank. To him fell the task of
writing her obituary. After her death he
was a changed man. He retired from the
Journalistic field and secured a position
as a gauger in the internal revenue ser
vice. He appeared to take but little inter
est in life and mourned over the loss of
the girl he had hoped some day to make
his wife.
Thrasher came from Kansas, where he
was graduated from the State University.
"While there he fell In love with a beauti
ful girl and she returned his affection. He
came to San Francisco shortly after his
graduation and secured a position as a
newspaper reporter. He was assigned to
the Morgue detail. A few months later
his betrothed paid a visit to this city. She
was suffering from an attack of la grippe
and, becoming mentally unbalanced
through sickness, committed suicide.
Luther A. Thrasher, aged 23, a gauger
employed in the internal revenue service,
committed suicide last evening: ' in his
room at the Gait House, 1206 Market
street Back of the announcement of his
death is a rather pathetic story.
Luther A. Thrasher Ends
/ His Life While in De
spondent Mood.
SHOOTS HIMSELF
THROUGH HEAD
On ( the 30th day of July, 1900, two written
agreements were entered into : between the
plaintiffs, their- attorneys, Sullivan, ten or
more of the plaintiffs' fellow-snipers ? on the
claim and a stranger named Kd Young, where
by these parties agreed to "render any aid and
services in their power to . assist" the plain
tiffs and their attorneys in any action or pro
ceeding for recovering the mine. Sullivan sub
sequently, by affidavit, stated that Young, who
was to have one-seventh of whatever was se
cured, represented Ryan, who "would swear
that' he never properly located said claim."
Sullivan proceeds: "In the fore ' part of Au
gust, 1900, affiant met the said James E. Fen
ton in front of what was then the Mint sa
loon on Front street In the town of Nome, and
that the said James E. Fenton thereupon stated
to said affiant that in order to win said claim
it would be necessary to give one Alexander
McKenzie, who had spent lots of money to get
the Hon. Arthur H. Noyes appointed Judge
of the District Court for the district of
Alaska, Second Division, and who controlled
the said Arthur H. Noyes, and who was him
self really the court, an interest in the said
claim, and that it would be undesirable and
ill-advised to give ' the said interest , to said
Alexander McKenzie directly, and as the said
Alexander McKenzie -would not receive . the in
terest directly that it would be proper and
convenient to give the said Interest to I one
Captain McCormick. who was a friend of sthe
said Alexander McKenzie and who would hold
the said Interest in trust for the said McKenzie
and look after the interest of the said j Mc-
Kenzie at Topkuk, and that the interest which
the said McKenzie demanded in said claim was
a one-third interest." Sullivan and the O'Don
nells at first refused, but finally yielded,: and a
deed was executed "wherein .the sal* James
E. Fenton, H. E. Sheilds, Samuel-. Word, P.
C. O'Donnell, J. J. O'Donnell, Ed Young and
affiant conveyed to one Captain , McCormick,
who it was understood by all parties thereto
was holding as trustee for said Alexander Mc-
Kenzie, an undivided one-third Interest ln and
An Interest for McKenzie.
On the 13th of August William B. •Cameron,
who selected DuiBose as his attorney, was ap
pointed receiver, with instructions to proceed
to work the claim- and 1 extract its gold, "under
the orders of this court." His '.bond was fixed
at $10, COO, and is of doubtful efficiency. One
of the two bondsmen is M. L,. McCormick, the
general business manager of the corporation of
which McKenzie is, the president.
A Mr. Mclntyre also at about the same time
stated that Mr. McKenzie had asked ( him to
take charge of the property under . him as re
ceiver and . he had declined. • ¦ :
A day or two after the hearing, and before
the Judge had publicly passed upon the mat
ter. Alexander McKenzie told J. W. Griffin,
a prominent and reputable citizen, that he had
been requested to accept the appointment of
receiver of the mine, and asked Mr. Griffin to
take charge of the property under him, as he
was too busy to look after It personally. Mr.
Griffin, declined, but said he would like the
appointment himself in case Mr. McKenzie
should find himself unable to take the office.
The latter then referred him to Judge Noyes.
Mr. - Griffin called on Judge • Noyes, told him
of his conversation with McKenzie and asked
for the appointment. ¦ After some talk the
Judge said: "I would like to appoint you. Tou
go to McKenzie and see if you can't bring that
about." Mr. Griffin saw Mr. McKenzie and
told him what the Judge had said. "That,"
says Mr. Griffin,, "was the last I heard of it
until I learned that Cameron had been ap
pointed receiver."
The plaintiffs' claim of "probable right" was
obviously absurd, and as the defendants were
not attempting to mine the claim, and on the
hearing agreed to Interpose no objection to the
granting of an Injunction against them, and
offered to obligate themselves to do or permit
no mining operations until the determination of
the cause, all possible danger of loss or injury
was eliminated.
"Works Mine Under Court Order.
By the Alaska Code of Civil Procedure,
section 753, it is provided that a receiver may
be appointed "provisionally, before Judgment,
on the application of either party, when his
right to the property >which is the subject of
the action or proceeding-, and which is in
the possession of the adverse party, is prob
able, and the property and Us rents or profits
are in danger of being lost or materially in
jured or impaired."
llvan's affidavit was unimportant. The O'Oon
nells and Gordan made oaths unequivocally
to the statements that on the 6th day of
July, at the time of the plaintiff's alleged lo
cation, the claim was vacant and unoccupied,
and subject to location; that prior to that
date no : discovery of geld had ever been made
on the claim, and that upon making th*e lo
cation they had entered into possession and
had remained in the uninterrupted, peaceable
and . quiet possession of the claim until dis
possessed by the military authorities on July
10. The verified answer and the affidavits
filed in opposition to the application for the
appointment of a receiver set forth the facts
of defendants' long-continued, uninterrupted
and notorious possession, defendants' title,
the fact thai; on the very day of their al
leged location and on many days prior and
subsequent thereto the plaintiffs had been
trespassing upon and systematically robbing
the claim, and further showed that the de
fendants had never done more than prospect
work on the property. None of these state
ments of fact were denied.
Brunswick, New Jersey, which suspended
thirty years ago. Smith imported the
In their complaint In the second case the
O'Donnells set forth a location of the claim
made by themselves on the 6th day of July.
1900, and ln connection therewith filed • affi
davits of the two O'Donnells, Standish Sul
livan, Ryan, the original locator, and C. E.
(Jordan, a half-breed. Judge Noyes disre
uardPd Ryan's affidavit, ln which he attempt
ed to discredit the title he had sold. Sul-
Swear the Claim "Was Vacant.
After the departure of Judge Noyes for St.
Michael the attorneys for the Black Chief
Mining Company learned that J. J. and P.
C. O'Donnell, Standish Sullivan and C. B.
Swift asserted claims to the property, and
on the return of the Judge applied to him
for an order permitting an amendment to
their complaint ln the first suit by the ad
dition of the names of these persons as par
ties defendant and providing that the injunc
tion already issued should. If served, be bind
ing upon them. The Judge signed the order.
After signing, however, he. at the instance
of Mr. Ifenton, who acknowledeged that he
was not ln any way connected with the case,
erased so much of the order as provided that
the injunction should apply to the newly
named defendants. No further proceedings
were ever taken In that cause.
On the 26th of July Captain Hansen. one of
the plaintiffs, met Judge Noyes at St. Michael.
The following account of the Interview and the
events immediately following are taken from
a memorandum made by Mr. Dunham on July
SO. Captain Hansen told the Judge that he was
interested in this claim, and asked him what
could be done to protect its owners. Judge
Noyes said. "Mr. Wheeler, my private secre
tary, is going to practice law, and I advise you
to speak to him about the matter." Captain
Hansen reported this conversation to Mr. Sam
C. Dunham, another of the plaintiffs, and to
gether they called on Wheeler at apartments
occupied by himself and Judge Noyes in the
North American Transportation and Trading
Company's hotel. Wheeler said he would ar
range matters to the satisfaction of his visit
ors in twenty-four hours in consideration of a
half-interest in the ; claim. This proposition
was at once declined. Wheeler retired from the
room and soon returned, and offered to render
the required service for a three-tenths Inter
est. Xo bargain was concluded. The case
went to contest. Wheeler, however, repeatedly
spoke to Captain Hansen about the matter,
and on the 21st day of August. 1900. handed
him a proposed agreement between himself and
the Black Chief Mining Company whereby
he was to take charge of the litigation on
behalf of the company, and, if succespful,
receive an eighth Interest ln the company's
stock and property. That agreement never
was signed. Some time later the draft of
that agreement was discovered in a short
hand notebook containing correspondence dic
tated by Judge Noyes to Wheeler. Judge
Noyes. from the bench, .demanded from W.
H. Meteon the return of this book, stat
ing that it was his own property.
August 2 J. J. and P. C. O'Donnell com
menced an action against the Black Chief
Mining Company, claiming title to the mine,
and asking for the appointment of a re
ceiver. James E. Fenton, H. A. Shields. Sam
uel Word and others were attorneys for
llaintlffB.
Wheeler Demands One-Half.
At the time of signing it he remarked to Mr.
Houghton, plaintiffs' attorney, "I suppose the
defendants will come ln and ask for the ap
pointment of a receiver."
cock and was held to answer before the
Federal Grand Jury for violating Section
Have You Bead the Great Midsum
mer Number of "Sunset"? \
Deals with San Francisco and Califor
nia as the greatest summer resort in the
world. Finest Illustrated magazine ln the
West. Send it East. Call at information
bureau for It, or send 10 cents to the pas
senger department of the Southern Pa
cific Company, 4 Montgomery street.
ground. Mr. KJegstad's request was refused.
On the 17th of September defendants filed
an affidavit setting forth the fact that the
receiver had extracted from the claim gold
greatly exceeding in value the amount of the
bond, and. ln connection therewith, a motion
for an .order increasing the amount of the
bond to $50,000. In an affidavit filed on the
12th the receiver stated that he had extracted
and had on hand more than $10,000 worth of
gold. The motion was argued and submitted,
and although defendants' attorneys frequently
and persistently urged the Judge to pass upon
the matter he could not be Induced to give a
decision, and he never did it. • ••
Jury Censured by U"oyes.
In November. 1900, the case was tried before
a Jury, and District Attorney Wood, Commis
sioner Stevens and Dudley DuBose appeared as
counsel for the plaintiffs, with the other attor
neys named. Mr. F. E. Daggett, one of the
proprietors of the Golden Gate Hotel, was a
member of the Jury, and he states that Judge
Noyes' charge was understood by the Jury to
amount almost to an instruction to find for
the plaintiffs; and when the jury came into
court and announced that they were unable to
agree the Judge sharply censured them for
failing to find a verdict for plaintiffs. These
statements of Mr. Daggett are corroborated by
another Juror, Mr. Moses Rosencranz, and by
many of the other persons present at the pro
ceedings, is
Upon the first trial the Jury stood four for the
plaintiffs and eight for defendants. In Febru
ary, 1901, a second trial was had with a similar
result, the Jury standing two for plaintiffs and
ten for defendants.
After the close of the second trial defendants
applied to the court for en order removing the
receiver, on the ground, chiefly, that the result
of the two trials had removed all probability
of plaintiffs' right or ultimate success; and the
order was granted, and the receiver instructed
to render a report within a time specified. He
failed to do so. and It was only after repeated
applications to the court and repeated failures
on his part to comply with the court's reiter
ated instructions, and a citation for contempt in
the premises, that his report was forthcoming
The receiver's report was referred to T. P.
Ryan Esq. for settlement. A large amount of
testimony was taken, and the matter thorough
ly investigated; and on the 7th of August 1901
the referee filed his report. The report shows
gross mismanagement, reckless expenditures
unmlner-like operations, utter disregard of the
court's Instructions, and wasteful, injurious
and dishonest methods on the part of the re
celver from the beginning to the end of his
proceedings. The referee finds that he has not
accounted for one-third of the gold extracted
from the claim, disallows a large proportion
of his charges and expenditures, and finds him
indebted to the mine in a large sum— the exact
amount is not determined, but it is in the
neighborhood of seventy thousand dollars— al
though the accounts of the receiver show that
all the gold extracted has been expended, and
an outstanding Indebtedness of some eight thou
sand dollars. .
T- P.' Ryan, the referee in this case, is
well known In San Francisco, where he
held a number of minor judicial positions
Ryan says In his report that Cameron ex
ceeded his authority in paying DuBose
his attorney, $889 70 for alleged legal ser-
V £ G , S -, recelv er in this case is also
criticized for allowing certain unnamed
parties neither connected with nor . em
ployed on the claim to attach sluice boxes
to those being operated by the receiver on
the claim and to shovel dirt from the lat
ter into their, own sluice boxes. •
On tho 6th of September an affidavit of de
fendant, SamC. Dunham, was filed, wherein
It was stated that the receiver had refused
permission to defendants - to be present at the
clean-ups on the claim, and thereupon the Judge
made an order directing that one of the de
fendants, or his appointee. - "be permitted to be
present at' each clean-up and weighing of the
gold taken from the mining claim in contro
versy while said claim shall be ln the hands
of the receiver." At the time of the presen
tation of this order to the Judgo for signing
Mr. Fenton protested, but Judge Noyes. said
with emphasis that he should sign the order,
that In all cases all parties Interested had an
unquestionable right to keep a watch at all
times on the operations of a receiver. On the
10th of September, at the solicitation of plaint
iffs . attorneys, this order was so modified as
to provide that one : only, of . the defendants.
Paul Kjegstad. and one only of the plaintiffs.
J. J. O Donnell, ' "should have the right to be
present together at the clean-ups made by tha
receiver | working said , claim and witness '. the
weighing of the gold so taken out. : provided,
that such inspection by said - representatives
shall , not embarrass , or - inconvenience - the re
ceiver or in any way interfere with the opera
tions of said : receiver." Inasmuch . as the
operation of cleaning up was being conducted
incessantly.- night and day. as subsequently
testified by the' receiver, this modified order
afforded little protection - to either party.
When . defendant .-, Kjegstad ' presented himself
at the claim and proposed to inspect the clean-
v ps h « 'was' told that the order provided that
he and O Donnell were permitted to be pres
ent together, and as tha latter was not on tho
Tills proposition, and' the motion, were vig
orously opposed by plaintiffs' counsel. 1 1 In fact
plaintiffs' counsel appeared 'on behalf of • the
receiver throughout the proceedings In the
case, up to the time of his discharge except
for a short period from and after the 12th of
September, 1M)O, .when Mr. Wbeeler, the Judge's
private secretary,- was of record and acted
as the receiver's attorney. On the 10th of
September the application for the removal' of
the receiver was denied. • ¦ v
Inspection of Clean-Up Refused.
One of the affidavits filed by defendants upon
this motion was that of Captain J. B. Hansen,
wherein is contained the following: "That
affiant and his co-defendants are solvent and
responsible, and if said receiver shall be re
moved and defendants reinvested with posses
sion and control of said mining claim said de
fendants stand ready and willing to. present
and file herein an undertaking in a sum double
the amount required of and filed by said re
ceiver, or in any larger 'amount which may by
the Judge of said court be required, "^conditioned
that said defendants shall proceed to mine said
claim in a systematic and . scientific manner
and by approved and scientific methods, and
keep true and detailed accounts of the ex
penses attending such operations and the re
turns resulting therefrom, and. if required,
periodically report to said court or the Judge
thereof their said operations and the expense,
returns and details thereof." Three days later
and before the conclusion of the hearing on
the motion Captain Hansen made another affi
davit, which was duly filed, in which, on be
half of defendants, he agreed, in addition, to
•turn over to said court all the gold which
they shall take from the said claim as the
same is extracted; and further, if the court
or the Judge thereof shall . • so . require, de
fendants will sustain' the entire . expense of
operating and extracting gold frpm said claim
and consent that all the gold extracted there
rrom shall be and remain in the care and cus
tody of said court until the final determina
tion of this cause, and should plaintiffs ulti
mately recover Judgment In said cause in this
court and the court or courts to which the
same may be appealed, plaintiff j shall take
and own the entire amount or quantity of gold
so remaining in. the custody of said court,
free from any and all claims on the part of
defendants for expenses incurred in operating
said claim and extracting the gold there
from. . ..
Immediately upon his appointment the re
ceiver leased from McCormick, at an extrava
gant price — $30 per day — an enormous plant of
machinery, of much greater capacity than was
required or than could be made available, and
half of which, he says, never was used, and
which the McKenzie corporation owned and
had been operating without success on the sea
beach. This machinery, the receiver states, he
had never seen prior to the time he leased it.
He also purchased from McCormick a large
quantity of supplies, hired some twenty or
more men to assist In loading and unloading
these, contracted for their transportation to
the mine— sixty miles— for fifteen hundred dol
lars—all this without Inviting competition 1 or
even making Inquiry in other quarters and
without orders from the court.
On the 24th of August the defendants Inter
posed a motion for an order removing the re
ceiver,- supported by affidavits of a number of
persons wherein it was alleged that he was
conducting operations in a grossly expensive
wasteful and unskillful manner, to the present
and permanent Injury of the property and
threatening its ruin. .The plaintiffs', attorneys
appeared for the receiver and filed affidavits in
reply, making general denial, but not meeting
the charges and statements of ' specific . acts
proving extravagant and incompetent manage
ment. ¦ ' .
Extravagant Price for Machinery.
to the aforesaid mining claim known as claim
No. 1 or Discovery on Daniels Creek."
Ex-Judge F. -W. Van Reynegom de
fended Hagan and raised the contention
that the notes, not having been proved
counterfeit, and being the issue of a
State and not /i national bank, did not
fall within the prohibition of Section 5430,
which specifies papers shearing a simili
tude to obligations of the Government.
As the. notes during the lifetime of the
bank did not purport to be and were not
obligations of the Government, the coun
sel argued that his client could not be
held on the charge. Judge Heacock de
cided that the point was not well taken,
after Assistant United States Attorney
Banning had cited a similar case ln which
the Federal courts had held that such
notes came within the prohibition of the
section. .
notes from the East and sold them to
Hagan, Perry and - others, who passed
them off on unsuspecting 'women who
earned a scanty livelihood by conducting
small branch bakeries and candy stores.
Hagan's victims who appeared against
him yesterday were: Mrs. J. "W. Brooks,
bakery, Valencia, near Twenty-fifth
street; Miss Katie Denson, 1019 Valencia;
Mrs. Augusta Gleichwit, bakery, 2439 Cali
fornia street; Annie Grabs, candy store,
corner Grant avenue and Market street;
Annie Brown, 986 Geary street, hair
dresser; Henry Berriman, 1447 Hyde
street; Mrs. K. B. Hall. 635 Sutter street,
and Miss Vintie Munson, 1515 Polk street.
Bills of $1 and $2 each were passed upon
the witnesses by Hagan, whose purchases
rarely exceeded 25 cents in each case. Mrs.
Gleichwit was tendered a ?5 bill on a
50 cent purchase, and the woman, not
liking the looks of it, consulted her hus
band, who assured her that It was
genuine, and Hagan was handed $4 50
change in good silver coin. Mr. Gleichwit,
in consequence, spent several unpleasant
half hours with his spouse, and he now
assures . his friends that his wife Is a
better business "man" than he.
On the 2l« of July 'judge Noyea arrived ln
Jvome. On the 25th, shortly after noon Mr C
P. Braslan. zX that time a friend of Judge
8 V,f a ;" ed^ on the a «orneys ol the Black
Chief Mining Company and stated to them that
he had been requested by Judge Noyes to say
that he intended leaving for Et. Michael at 6
o clock that afternoon, and if they would at
once institute a suit he would grant an In
junction against all parties who should be
named as defendants. The necessary papers
were hurriedly drafted and all the "enlpers"
whof* names were at that time known, and
others sued by fictitious names, were made de
fendants, and the Judge signed an injunction.
Discovery Claim, or Ko. 1. on Daniels Creek,
in the Topkuk Mining District, near Nome.
Alaska, was located in December, 1899, by one
George Kyan, and his certificate of location
was duly recorded. In the spring of 1S0O the
claim was relocated by William Hunter, who
purchased Ryan's interest and rights, re
etaked the claim, and with his co-owners
formed an association called the Black Chief
Mining Company, and these owners from that
time forward were in the actual possession
and occupation of the property until possession
was taken by a receiver appointed by the
United Suites District Court.
The claim was a rich one, and ln May 1900
thieves or "snipers" as they are locally term
ed, in large numbers, commenced robbing it.
"Warrants for their arrest were issued by
three United States Commissioners at Nome
and placed Jn the hands of as many dep
uty marshals for service, but in each
case the officers refused to act and none of
these were served. In July General Randall
•was appealed to and made acquainted with
the facts, and oa the 10th of that month he
sent a detachment of troops to the scene, who
oust*d tho "snipers" and remained on guard
until the arrival ln Nome of Judge Noyes.
Among the claim robbers thus driven from the
mine were John J. O'Donnell. P. C. O'Donnell
and Standish Sullivan
The history of the Daniels Creek case
referred to in Harper's affidavit is also
Interesting, as it sets forth, in detail the
way the combination was worked for mu
tual profit. In this case DuBose was the
attorney for Receiver Cameron. These
facts will be presented to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals at its Oc
tober term, when the case comes up for
hearing. The history of the case is as
A>ilows:
That affiant In consequence of the statements
of said DuBose. and not wishing to enter into
any dishonest transactions, thereupon entered
into negotiations with Mr. Pittman and settled
said case, the plaintitfs taking one-half and the
defendants taking one-half of said "Andover"
claim. THF.O. A. HARPER.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th
day of March, A. D. 1S0L
LEWIS GARRISON.
Notary Public in and for the District of Alaska,
• at Nome.
The Daniels Creek Case.
The said DuBose stated further that he un
derstood that I represented a large amount of
Eastern capital and that I was wasting my
time standing in with the other Bide (meaning
those who were unfriendly to the court and to
himself. DuBose), and that if after this prelim
inary deal -was adjusted I would stand ln with
his crowd that we could probably frame up
some arrangement together by which we could
Ko for the whole of the creek (meaning Alder
Creek).
That eaid DuBose on that occasion and sev
eral subsequent occasions stated to me the fol
lowing: That he controlled three witnesses in
said case who would testify in any way that he
directed; that as he and Commissioner Stevens
represented McKenzie he was ln a position to
handle the court and it would be to my Interest
to etand in with him; that in the event of my
not standing; in with him he would undertake
to promise me that I would not get a decision
this summer. That he, for a certain interest
in raid claim that was left to me to suggest,
and which suggestion was first to be submitted
to his associates, would guarantee me a deci
sion before the 1st of April. 1901. That said
DuBose said in the event of my refusing to
divide with him he was going to Mr. Key i*ltt
znan, the defendants' attorney, and husband of
one of the defendants, with the same proposi
tion and would use his witnesses and influence
on the side of the defendants in the case. He
6aid, "We have got to have a piece, of it, any
way." I asked lor some proof as "to his ful
filling his side of the bargain and he referred
to the Daniels Creek case as an illustration of
his power, saying that his side never had any
case and never could have, but that they had
already succeeded in buying up two juries and
would go on doing so indefinitely as long as the
present state of affairs existed.
Claims to Control Witnesses.
An affidavit has been secured from The
odcre A- Harper, an English mining ex
pert, who represents Arthur Leweliyn
Pearce of New York at Cape Nome.
Pecxce controls considerable capital and
Harper is a most trustworthy man. The
claim referred to is reported to be very
rich and is. located in the Blue Stone dis
trict. Harper's affidavit is as follows:
United States of America,
District of Alaska.— ss.
. Theodore A. Harper, being' first duly sworn,
deposes and says:
"l hat he is and has been since the summer of
ZSOO a. resident at Kome, in the District of
Alaska. Affiant is well acquainted with Dud
ley DuBose. an attorney at law now residing
at Nome, having first met him in the summer
of 1SC0. That some time in the month of Janu
ary. 1901, alftnnt called to see said DuBose in
his office in' the town of Nome, at the request
of eaid Dudley DuBoee, and had a conversa
tion with him in relation to the cane of Kemp
et al. vs. Ryan et al. pending ln the District
Court for the District of Alaska, Second Divi
eion thereof, involving the ownership ol a cer
tain placer mining claim known as No. 1 below
Discovery on Alder Creek, in the Port Clarence
Mining District, District of Alaska, and also
known as the ••Andover" claim.
In order to forestall any action that may
be taken by Dudley DuBose, the Cape
Nome attorney, who is now confined in
the Alameda County Jail on a charge of
contempt of court to secure his release in
the same manner as did his predecessor,
McKenzie, those in this city who suffered
at the bands of the JCoyes-McKenzie ring
In Xcme last year are securing additional
testimony to present to the court. . It is
understood that DuBose Is about to apply
to tha United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals - for a rehearing of his case and a
modification of sentence.
More Tales of Crooked Work Ec
counted by Men Who Claim
They "Were Victims of
• Conspiracy.
Those Who Suffered From
Action of Ring Ready to
Oppose.
"The receiver will never be appointed,"
said General Barnes, "for Mr. Hancock
will not only obey the order of court, but
in his generosity will do even more for
Mrs. Hancock and his child than the
decree of this court requires him to do."
At this point reference to the famous
Sharon case was dropned and Judge Sea
well continued with the hearing. It was
finally agreed that a provision be inserted
in the decree of divorce permitting Mrs.
Hancock's counsel to apply for the ap
pointment of u receiver to care for her
interests in event Mr. Hancock failed to
obey the order of court and advance her
$300 a month alimeny as ordered by the
court.
"But this case cannot be compared with
the Sharon divorce case," responded Gen
eral Barnes. "We were busy trying that
case for seven months, and furthermore
I was forced to go to court every day
with a law book under each arm and a
six-shooter ln every pocket."
"The fact that you had had experience
as a soldier aided you in those trying
times," added Galpin. •
VYes," said Barnes, "If I hadn't been, a
fighter I would have been killed long
ago." • . -. . ¦ >
"I believe it should," said Mr. Galpin,
"and it is my opinion that the demand is
very reasonable. In fact, if it was not
that General Barnes is representing Mr.
Hancock I would not want a better wit
ness to testify as to the value of the ser
vices I have rendered in this case. I
woUld ask him as to the fee which he was
paid for his services in the Sharon divorce
case. This would furnish material for
comparison." v .--:• -- .---.¦
. Judge Seawell remarked that perhaps
the demand was slightly excessive, but at
the same time the vast amount of work
done in the case by Mr. Galpin outside of
court should be considered. •¦¦'..••'
. General W. H. I* Barnes voiced a few
recollections of his experience ln the
Sharon divorce case yesterday during the
settlement of the findings in the divorce
proceedings successfully prosecuted ¦ by
Ella Wood . Hancock against Robert J.
Hancock. ; General Barnes had objected
to the demand of Attorney Philip G. Gal
pin, who represents Mrs. Hancock, for
$2500 counsel fees.
Troubles of the Hancocks
.Are Settled by Judge
Seawell.
Alaskan Lawyer to Ask
for Release Prom
Prison.
Brings Up Reminiscence
of Famous Sharon
Suit/
DUBOSE
TO MAKE
AN APPEAL
LAWYERS DISPUTE
REGARDING FEE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1901.
William Hagan, One of the Rogues, Turns Bogus Bank
Notes Into Coin by Patronizing Small Shops.
PLUNDERING OF POOR WOMEN
BY THE SMITH-PERRY SWINDLERS
WILLIAM HAGAN, a leading
member of the Smith-Perry
gan? of worthless-bill pass
ers, had his preliminary ex
amination yesterday before
United • States Court Commissioner Hea-
6430 of the Revised Statutes of the United
States.
Hagan was arrested > with Frank J.
Perry and Edward -'W. Smith, Major
Blakeney's confidential clerk, for uttering
worthless notes of the State Bank of New
12
ADVERTISEMENTS. /""''.'. 31 __
SPECIAL
During, the jjast week we have opened ud an
immqnse stock of NEW, PLAIN and FANCY
RIBBONS, in the latest soft weaves, The
assortment consists of PLAIN SATIN TAF-
FETA RIBBON, LIBERTY TAFFETA RIB-
BON, SATIN FLORENTINE RIBBON, PLAIN
LOUISINE RIBBON and DOUBLE-FACED
SATIN LIBERTY RIBBON. These are the
makes so much in demand, and we have them
in all widths from 1-8 of an inch ud to 5
inches, Theu are all from the hest makers
and will he sold at yeru reasonable Drices.
SPECIAL.
1500 pieces Extra Qualitu SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON,
j soft weave and high lustre, full 21 Inches wide, 35
different shades, also Blacks and White.
ocJO X Cll <wL.
SPECIAL.
1750 pieces Best Quality DOUBLE-FACED LIBERTY
RIBBON and LIBERTY TAFFETA RIBBON, 4 Inches
In width, so much used for neckwear and helts,
ahout 40 different shades.
SPECIAL.
1200 pieces SATIN FLORENTINE, SATIN TAFFETA
and LIBERTY SATIN RIBBONS, In all the new Fall
shades, width 5 lnbhes.
35o ITard.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
500 pieces No. 9 BROCADED SATIN RIBBON, With
white edges, In all the leading shades, such as
Blues, Pinks, Maize, Lilac, Nile, Cardinal, Tur-
guoise and White.
worth 30c. 15o "3?"arci.
ill. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
SPECIALS
TO START THE SEASON.
WOMEN'S ALL-WOOL. EIDER ¦ DOWN
DRESSING SACQUES, full front, tlght-
. fitting back. Silk Ribbon Bows, Crocheted
...with Worsted: a cheap and comfortable
¦ mornins . Sacque. •' £*KT,-»
: On sale ODC
Sizes 32 to 44. *Sr
WOMEN'S FLANNELLETTE " WRAP-
I PERS, made with deep Flounce, trimmed
with Braid, lined Waist;- all 7h;»
sizes.: On sale.... -. COW
1 *i ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' * \ . . -
WOMEN' S ALL-WOOL FLANNEL
' WAISTS, entire i front and back neatly
. tucked, newest - colors, sizes 32 to 44; in
• a few weeks when the season will be on
this waist will sell for $2 50. fljl- BZi\
On sale to-day... «J>1»OVF
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214; MARKET ST.,
v is'i: Between Taylor and Jones. -
•PPOne Howard 102L
119 TAYLOR STREET.
SAVE MONEY AND GET THE BEST.
PI nilD p atent Roller, 50-pound 07-
KUUH ee besr oraid^Hor: ° ' C
ace Davis, Purity, Acme. Sharp advance
in price predicted. 2 sacks limit. Usual-
ly $1.10.
TCI English Breakfast or TJncol-ftr A
I rfl ored Japan, pound /ril
1 *"" New pickings. Full of purity fcUU
and strength. All 60c Teas this week 40c
Regular 33c.
DIITTCD ElS 1 " Creamery, pound. f)r A
DU ! I tn Positively best table
uw a i fan butter# Cut Jn S q Uare3 . fc w»»
Sold 1S0O pounds last week.
DDnnSIO Select broomcom ftT-
BROOMS ab r P ec p i o a V s o h n 25C
all grades. Worth 35c.
nnrCCC J ava a"* 1 Mccha "Brok-rn*
uUrrfct en " 3 pounds ouC
UUI I bh pure, rich coffee, slight- www /\
ly broken berries. Great money saver. Al- t
ways special. '
WASHING POWDER
size "Pyramid." 7 packages
Saves labor and expense. No injury to
clothes or hands.
SOAP i^^y^y^^! 25c
uunl Queen Lily Soap Co. Box, uu
1Q0 bars. $2.90. s
ZINFANDEL %&&&
of flavor. 1895 vintage. Try sample at
store. Regular 70c.
11/11 1 Pi/ TV Old Crow or Hermit- Ofl*
Wn Ui\tl a^ e - ful1 P int bottle. jHG
iiinuixui Matured ln bond _ 9.WMW
year-old Bourbon.
CLOSING OUT MASON JARS BELOW
COST.
& Get an estimate from u» on every- B
K \ thing required to furnish your entire D
a 'establishment. Credit and free dt- H
fig livery within 10O miles. M
£| "We clone at* 6 except on Saturdays ¦
B and days before holidays. On those H
Bj days at 10 o'clock. £|
IT. Brilliant!
| FURNITURE CO,, |
9 338-342 POST STREET, i
W * Opposite Union Square. M
P"DTTCW1?C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DXlU OAli-<W ers - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
bankers, printers, Falnters. 'shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
Weekly Call,$1.00 Der YearV
(Pi WE D0N ' T I
f f 1 GIVE SHOES AWAY,!
?¦¦ A&f fi-rM But we sel1 the best v a^es for the least H
£&'( Aii^S^ money. That's what you want— good H
£ A^As^^&Z&P 1 fhoes cheap. We guarantee wear, style Kj
J^~^ T^^'^0r^^ SOLE AGENTS FOR 'i. §
*' <^Ca^^ ¥. L. Douglas' $3,50 Sloes for Men i
saiSnuLme,- ™ K,a Hum 1 * Gloria $3.50 Shoes for Laities. |
Lace Shoes; -new S\ g\ <\ s% T ' H
coin toes and tips, w" * I fig! Labor's Friend Headquarters 'for H
!£rwefrwefi.<!?* dZ.UU UNION STAMPED SHOES 1
-* F03 MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN. 1
B. KAT5CHINSKI, I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., I
'OT>"RP ST. San Francisco, Cal- I