Constable Carpenter and His, Deputies
' Are Compelled by 'the Avengers to
Assist in the Hanging of the Culprits
iW« ;i ,. : rr. , A , . . Till
Frontiersmen Take Aged Galvin Hall,
His Three Sons and Their Comrade
From Officers and String Them Up
MODOC COUNTY MOB
LYNCHE5 FIVE MEN
FOR PETTY THEFTS
fi j^$^^^^mW^^^M?- ;:s y^ 1 > - 1901 -
VOiiTOI E XC— NO. 1 .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
-CALUIN HALL, 72 YEARS OLD.
FRANK HALL,26 YEARSOLD.
JAMES HALL, 19.YEARS OLD.
MARTIN HALL, ia YEARS OLD.
B. D. YANTIS, 27 OLD.
VIGTins OF THE MODOC LYNCHERS.
openlng'in its ranks, 'SergeantEllis pulle 1 ! j
Harris to his * feet^and started' ; to run' with v
him: up -.Greenwich 'street, while 'Officers .
Hogari: and- Johnson, held the crowd back!
at' the ;' points^of,; their ,; revolvers.^In^the |
darkness; Harris :• managed to escape ; and ;
then the^niob- turned to vent7lts : fury on.
the ; saloon. of 5 Mrs^ Powers!.' O '• ' . ' i
•; With a cryjof^'burnthe-place down and -
kill eVery i one; In ! it," -; the riotous - soldier's "^
rushed ; into ; the * sal6on."V,Volley •• af ter .; vbl- T
ley of. stones iwas hurled; through*. the : wlh
dows. by^thoseMnstli'efrf^ee^,.'while^.th'o ; :
men inside 'quickly finished : their work 'of
demolition./-' ;'/, •-
' j'For^God's sakV boys,"; cried Sergeant-
Ellis', "there j are' women upstairs; don't;/
harm 'them.'.'/', x - ;.; ''-¦.'.' ~J.~ ,'V. _"' ' t
-The* only "reply' to • the sergeant's ' appeal , •
was k'i shower^of ; stones; through; the up- *
per windows of " { the I house, ~ . where / Mrs.' r
Powers 'Z and r: *. her/ (> three y daughters 'lay;
huddled/,; trembling /with ; ; fear ; for ' their ;
lives/; j^J';-\J- ?]:'~.]f--:t- t '.';> ;'.;...:' ; : ¦ '. '¦. ::
;.', In 1 thirty. f Beconds; t rom -, the j assault Jon s
the ~"\ salcon i the I place' was ? a;.wreck"J and;"
,when/ the 'cry ; r waV; rajsed.f "Let's f do"* the 1
rest .of \the; Joiiats.'VCthe'. police* ; officers? re-;
alized that they could not. cope with the
inob'.: 1 /. . .. -.'¦¦ '.'..' ¦: ¦:,- '.•'¦; ¦ ' . ..
DISPERSED BY .::, WAITER.'
•.With- quick; instinct Sergeant Ellis
pulled open ilre.alarm box 425 and turned
In an alarm. In*. quick response, came poi-.
lice officers from all directions and a de-,
tachment of . the*-: fire department. ' -The
general call' sounded within 'the Presidio,
calling.- out ; the guards. Squads ? of the
Fifteenth^ Cavalry and the Eighteenth In
•fantry were hurried to,, the scene, and
formed up in skirmish order.
''..- While- the; guards , of : thej Presidio .were
; hurrying to the scene' the} flre department
.turned" a ! hose on" the riotous soldiers, dls
. persing « them in < all .: directions. - The po-;
Jlice'- ch'arged drawn:; clubs ¦¦ and 'the
i^law, breakerslweref forced back and -then
•^driven s into^ the; Presidio^ by .the ; military,
'¦guards.':-;'. ••''¦,;¦ •••'"¦¦'--¦»'••-¦ '-"- ; '•'^¦ 1 : . ¦' *. '¦*. .'¦ ¦* "'¦
; ; . Yelling; in -^disappointed- rage," the. riot
i ers ; hurled '; showers lot' rocks i from . within
i the r, walls t, of v the j reservation;'' shattering
therwihdows of >White^&"Crowley's saloon
?'close ; by:V^.;V: U : -'.' : . ¦'"/: oV:--" *'¦" ;¦¦' .-; • '-*'•'-*¦ -.V"'
:^l Again f the ; military H guards .charged- in-
Continued on; Page • Two.
Mob: Finally Dispersed
a, Hose i; Assisted by - Details o|;<|ay|
{ -airy and Infantry From Reservatioh.
SCENES NEAR THE. ENTRANCE | OF THE PRESIDIO, WHERE .X MOB
, | OF .INFURIATED SOLDIERS • TOTALLY , WRECKED j ONE SALOON
/ i AND DAMAGED' ANOTHER BEFOEE BEING DISPERSED. :
BETWEEN 700 and 800 men of
the Forty-fifth and Forty
sixth Volunteers participated
In a rlct at the Lombard
etreet entrance to the Pre
sidio grates last night that re-
suited in the complete demo
lition of the ealoon at the corner of Green
wich and Baker ' streets, .kept by. Mrs.
Mary Powers. Considerable damage alco
was done to White & Crowley's saloon,
and but for the bravery of three police
officers the riot would have ended in the
murder of helpless women. { S*he trouble
was the culmination of an attempted rob
bery of a soldier earlier In the day. -
The Forty-sixth Regiment was paid. off
In the morning and mustered out of the
service. With hundreds of dollars in their
pockets, the discharged men started out
to celebrate their release from military
eervice. The saloons In the vicinity of. the
Presidio were visited and it was not long
ere many of the ex-soldlers fell into the
hands of the "sharks" who infest the en
trances to the Presidio on payday.
About 4 p. m. two men of the Forty
sixth Regiment were found by -some of
their comrades in a comatose condition
near the Lombard-street gate of the res
ervation. The men were taken Into the
camp of the Forty-fifth Regiment and
were treated. When they came to their
senses they told a story of being drugged
and robbed in a saloon.
The men of the Forty-fifth j Regiment
¦were soon in possession of the • details of
th^ victims' stories, and with repetition
the occurrence was distorted and magni
fied. It waa even rumored that the two
men had died.
SOLDIER FOUND XnrCOlTSCIOTJS.
Abcut 7 p. m. two men of Company G,
Forty-fifth Infantry, found a. man' named
Morgan, a private of the Forty-sixth;In
.ftnto't lying on the sidewalk^ near -th»
junction of Greenwich and Baker, streets
covered with blood. Captain Loye of the
Forty-fifth Regiment was passing on a
car and went to their assistance and had
Morgan conveyed to the camp of his com
pany. He found $175 In Morgan's pockets,
and the soldiers who first discovered the
unconscious man said that " two civilians
bad tried to rob him, but that they had
driven them off. Medical aid was given
to Morgan and he revived sufficiently to
talk, but could give no clear account of
what had happened to him during tho
evening. ' ¦
¦ Again the men of the Forty-fifth Regi
ment heard a 6tory of an attempt to rob a
comrade, and knowing that they would bo
paid off next Monday and that similar at
tempts might be made to rob them, they
at once proceeded to form a plan to wipe
out the saloons In the vicinity of the Lom
bard street entrance to the Presidio where
the soldiers feared they might be de
spoiled.
About 7:30 p. m. Police Officers Hogan
and Jackson observed groups of soldiers
standing at the corner of Greenwich and
Baker streets. The officers scented trouble,
as the soldiers moved away- each '. tlmo
they approached the groups of uniformed
men.
HUJbtli ABUSE AT 3SIRS. ; POWERS.
WTille the police officers" followed one
group, another entered tho saloon of Mrs.
Powers and started to abuse .her. ¦'*, Tho
vilest of names w-ere hurled at the'woman
and she was accused of being a party to
.the alleged drugging orsoldiers earlier in
the. day. r '
Mrs. Powers : remonstrated. . with" ¦* the
men, but they would not listen '. to her,
and when a man named Harris interfered
and told the soldiers to behave the spirit
of deviltry ', was let • loose. ; - . "
"He is one of the dope "gang!" yelled "a
'soldJir of 'the Forty-flf til RegiinenLV '
"Let us hang him!" cried another." i !
"We might as well do up the whole— -.
crowd!".: yelled a third.' -: ; : ; . : . .
I The uproar reached the , ears of Police 1
Officers Hogan- and rJackson, :who -were!
half a block away,'; They, ran at full speed '."
to the saloon- and- forced their. -.way; in.*:
The action of the officers 'was : observed ",
and in a few ; seconds soldiers were head-'- '
ing for the scene from all 0 directions, while".,
shouts of fury filled the air: The crowd §
grew with startling rapidity, jj Nearly 800 I
men were gathered around the saloon; all'"
yelling like demons.'. . " ' ¦ i
Most of the men belonged to the Forty
fifth Regiment and only a few of the For
ty-sixth could be seeh.'v ¦ . > .
OFFICERS RESCTJB HARJBIS.
The police officers forced 'their way to
the door with Harris j and there' found
themselves confronted 'with "a big 'crowd*
of Infuriated soldiers. '' H % ..>'•. . > • ¦ ; \
''They are going to -get him ' away from
us,", shouted hundreds of voices.' "."Damn
him, kill i him, kill J him," - came' the '^cry
from all sides as the soldiers hemmed the
police, officers around. .. , ; . . •. ;
Suddenly, a rush, was* mad e^ and Harris
was'felled to the gi-ound. * Murder was* In
the eyes and; hearts j of B the J crowd 0 as
blows were rained with heavy sticks upon
the prostrate man. ..~. . ' v . ' ';
, With drawn revolvers . the^ two* police
officers . kept" a . narroV circle around Har- :
ris j and threatened ' to kill j the I first : man
who came nearer. - ' ': : ; • > ; '.
""Let's kill the whole lot," went up from
many- throats; and 'at .that instant. Police
Sergeant' T." Ellis 'dashed ".^through the
crowd from the reai.~ • ,^ ¦„'; , "i :
; Madly fighting^fori their; prey the sol
diers - panted . around '¦ the ... little •' group • of
•police : officers ; and •: the manV.wtio tlay ; at
: their 'i feet.' ¦ In-, the ; scuffling,; the*;; officers
, and Harris , were* forced ', to the .wall; ~ Sud
\denly,'as the surging of the mob -left 'an
Riot Grows Out. of Rumors That Two Volunteers of the
Forty-Sixth Infantry Had Died After Being Given
"Knockout" Drops in the Place and Robbed of Money
ALTURAS, May 31.— Flvo men lynched for petty thievery! Swift and
awful was the vengeance visited upon a quintet of culprits by a
Modoc County mob last night. ,Hanging to the stringers of a bridge
, on the outskirts ot Lookout, a town ten miles west of Adin.
the bodies of "Calvin Hall, two of his three sons and another young
,. man who had shared his home, are still swaying In the breeze.
From a culvert between the town and the bridge the body of tha
third son Is suspended^ Shorter shrift was accorded him than to the others of
the lynchers' victims, because he fought for his life. •
The mob was In no mood to be delayed. Halting long enough to choke- out
the .life of Frank Hall, it proceeded on its way to the place selected for the execu
tion* There, the father and; his remaining two sons and their comrade were put
to death. No. tlmo was wasted. The victims. of the mob's vengeance were not
even given the opportunity of making a farewell statement., * One by one they
wtre stretched "up,- willing hands pulling at the" ropes , that hauled them Into
eternity.'. ; V- :
!• Never in the history of California has there^been such wholesale punishment
as this meted out to "frontier offenders. 'And their crime had not attained even
the dimensions of horse-stealing— always a' capital "offense in those counties yet on
the borderland of civilization. They were petty thieves, no more: their booty wa3
tho "proceeds of nocturnal raids upon clotheslines and woodsheds.
STOLEN ABTIGLIS POUND IN THKIK.HOME.
Calvin Hall was 72 years of age— aa old raan' tottering: on the verge of the
grave. .He, was a squaw-man,, and his threa sons — Frank,' aged C6; James, aged 19,
and Martin, aged 16— were the half-breed progeny of his life-union with an Indian
woman.' B.' D. Yaritis; :'JwKo shared the' Hall home, was i 27 years old.
For sometime past the Halls and Yantis have been suspected of the thefts
of numerous articles,- such : as 'barbea wire, pieces of harness and articles cf rai
ment taJfejv* from, the clotheslines 'jot Lookout. 1 ; They were arrested on 'Saturday
-and'coay.WMeaj^
search served to bring* to Hgnt* evl.>ncebf . their : guilt,- and they were taken "from
the Hall ranch - ; tt>*,X*iokout and there, detained In custody to-' await - examination
and trial. ..In the meantlmo the search was . continued, and halters, dishes and
more articles ' of clothing were lound hidden away. ( The simple and honest popu
lace .was aroused to the highest pitch of excitement 83 one by one tha stolen ar
ticleswere restored" to their owners. , From the day of the arrest of the culprits
there have been. muttered threats, 'and (the "Halls and Yantis knew that only a
leader was needed- to ; place their lives in jeopardy.
The aged father was chargedwith petty larceny, consisting of the pilfering of
several hayforks only,' and he was allowed to" go, free on hl3 own recognizance.
His arraignment was to have taken place this morning. The other four faced
burglary charges, and their examinations were set for June 3. They remained In
custody, having^ been unable* to procure the ,$300 ball demanded by the Justice
of'the Peace before. whom they had been brought
There being no jail in Lookout the four prisoners' were, held In custody in tha
Ixtokout hotel.'- In guarding 'them Constable Carpenter was assistad by R.
Nichols.'J.W., Brown and S. Goyette. .The former two remained on duty from
noon until midnight, when they were relieved by ; the others. Calvin Hall re
mained as a guest of the hotel, no a-» to be near his sons. .
MOB OF : LY1TCHER.S OVERCOMES THE OFFICERS.
:¦ At 2 o'clock this morning a mob.of. masked men, their number variously es
timated at from thirty to ~ fifty, . suddenly appeared In the street before .the
hotel. : No hint of their comlng'had been given and the two men on guard were
taken completely : by surprise. No attempt to spirit the prisoners away to a
place of safety or to defend them fromthe mob was possible. Brown and Goy
ette faced the. overwhelming odds of two scpre of determined men well armed.
They looked into, the muzzles of rifles and shotguns held by. steady hands, and
gruff' voices from behind the; masks ordered. them bluntly to keep still if they
were not ready to ; die. The two guards were powerless to make resistance
and they attempted none. , :
While some were disarming Brown and Goyette, others of the mob broke In
upon. the accused men and dragged them from their quarters. The masked men
knew their gTound thoroughly, and lost no time in rounding up the frightened
quintet. The old man. Calvin Hall,' was dragged 3 from his bed and hurried out
and thrust into position b>% the side' of his sons, while preparations were under
way for the grim, march to the Pitt River bridge,. which had been chosen for the
scene of the mob's terrible vengeance.
-The hands of each of the accused men were "bound securely behind him, and
a rope was noosed about the heck of each. The mob worked swiftly and silently
in the dim light of lanterns and torches, and few words were heard except the
entreaties of the doomed 'men, begging for their lives.
GTJAIRDS ABE FORCED TO AID THE . AVEJTGERS.
: :' "Now come with, us," one of the leaders said to the two guards. "We need
your help." And Brown and Goyette were shoved Into the ranks of men holding
the ropes that tightened about the necks of the trembling prisoners. •
: The mob moved swiftly and silently through the streets and along the road
leading to the bridge that spans Pitt River. There was no hesitancy or discus
sion. The details" were well planned and had been decided upon at the mob's
rendezvous— whereveV that may, , have been— for the coming of the mob and its
going after tho lynching was done are veiled in mystery.
Frank Hall, the" oldest of the three sons, stopped pleading when tha merci
less purpose of ,the vigilantes . became evident." He set ' his teeth with i the grim '
Btoicism of his mother's race, and refused to proceed. He fought his captors
•with the "strength of despair, "and, even after he had been choked almost' into
unconsciousness. by the tightening noose he still offered stubborn resistance.
¦ The mob was in no mood for wasting Its time with a refractory, victim, and
the 'struggling prisoner was dragged and tumbled alons to aculvert over a deep
gulch conveniently, near. The rope was made fast/ and youns Hall was pushed
from the 'roadway Into -the gulch; with a sheer drop that left- little life in his
body. .When his executioners became . assured that the swinsing body was past
resuscitation; they^ dragged \ the old man and his remaining , two sona and Yantia
a way f rom 't he : sight of the fate that was: to be theirs. and* hastened - on to
ward the bridge. . V ;-, ;j v : . , . ,.
AQED.; FATHER V THE : FIRST TO BE HANGED.
The chosen scene" of execution reached, no' delay. waa permitted. No one ask
ed the doomed men If they had. prayers to offer or confessions; to make. . Calvin
Hall the renegade white maji whose 'half-breed sona had grown up to, be thiev
ing accomplices. of their father, ¦seenved_ to bo a particular object of the mob'a
- f wrathV He was* chosen for execution first of all, and with scarcely the- delay pf a
"minute his body was .dangling"; from the I: north side I of the bridge,
Yantls and the two 'young.; Hails, both of them mere boys, were hustled un
peremonlously to the other bMo\ of the bridge % and In a few minutes more their
; Bwaying bodies were keeping ghastly companionship with that of the old fron
tiersman. ¦;. .-',- . *.-*'.
; Their /grim work done,* the lynchers did not tarry. Five minutes after th»
'last "victim . was strung j up .to 'the bridge timbers, the mob 'had .dispersed. Not a.
mask or a lantern wa3 left, : and their going was as silent and untraceable as
their .coming. . ,'
'*i I-' 2 ¦'when -the, bodies of the" victims discovered, this morning the news of
'the lynching spread' iiwfe wlldflre; and people" hastened 'from miles around to view
- the; gruesome sight.^ :""
;.V ? . information of mob's iwork\was i at .once telegraphed to Sheriff Street, ef :
'¦¦ Modoo ; County,' and ; DlstrlctTAttorneyj Bonne'r. „;,: Both of . these officials and the ,
Coroner have' left} Altufas% for; Lookout determined to ferret out the perpetrators -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INFILTRATED SOLDIERS DEMOLISH A PRESIDIO
SALOON AND MURDER IS ONLY AVERTED BY THE
NERVE AND PROMPT ACTON OF TREE POLICEMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.RULER OF, THE NETHERLANDS, .WHO.-ACCOMPANIED, BY HER HUSBAND, IS RECEIVING ALL THE HONORS
THAT EMPEROR WILLIAM ANJD HIS SUBJECTS. CAN ACCORD. ' MOST NOTABLE AMONG THE EVENTS
FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT OF THE' ROYAL VISITORS WAS A MILITARY REVIEW.;. ¦/-.; 'r , . .
Would you have peace? Use Searby*a "Fleas-
SfaKt-Go." ' 23. and SO cents. 400 Sutter street *
"King Is Convicted.
; MOBILE," "May? 31;"— The ' sealed;. verdict
in the bribery, case- against ¦ former < Cap^
tain and Quartermaster .- Cyril "W.' J King,'
returned Thursday r . night/ ' was ¦ opened in
the United States Circuit . Court ' to-day.
It finds him -guilty as charged of receiv
ing money intended • to ¦ influence * his offl-
Cochrane Ordered Homes,
MANILA, .May 1 31.— The result of '.the
Goofirell ' court of Inquiry is that' both
Lieutenant Colonel ." Vancel -- C. ¦ Goodrell
and Colonel Henry C.Cochrane have been
severely, reprimanded by Rear- Admiral
Rogers.- Goodrell .has been ordered J to
command the brigade . of ... marines and
Cochrane has been ordered to the United
States. SNffiflSBHBBBGr^v '•'"'
EXPLOSION: T N - ' A MINE . ' ; ':'£ * s %
• .ENDS'LIVBS OF TWO MEN
Accumulation -of Gas;at the '¦ Coryell
Propertyin^ : Colorado XJaiises ,\, " ; r ,
; .- . " ¦ .- 'a Disaster. -: ¦•'-. :;'.VJ.-^:
"GLENWOOD SPRINGS, 1 Colo., May. 3L—
An^, explosion^ occurred -this morninjryat
tho . Coryell -mine | at Newcastle, by I which
t wo , men were . instantly . killed and eight
others Injured. > The I killed • were I Leo \ and
Frank Grantr* both' of whom were stand
ing | at | the mouth E of the i mine. \ William
Rogers and John Davis were badly burned
¦and Joe Harrls,\,William.-Harris,\Sam.Da- :
vis, . McPadden, » Charles : Murdlnck and ' a
miner, named Brady s were , injured. : .v: -,
It : -Is,, believed .that- the explosion : was
caused^by • accumulated ; gas. . ¦;> \ •¦¦¦.
Alaska Bates Go Utj. x
- SEATTLE; May! 31.-^The Alaska neam
ehlp rate > war'^is /at ¦ an end, .temporarily
at least." ; An , agreement '; was entered j into
td-day by managers* df '- the , recently war
ring; companies restoring - the I former I pas
senger . rates i of I $25 first ¦ class I and $16 sec
ond class. :•>¦¦ The > agreement * is -. to ,t be ; - in
force . for sixty days, > and,'; it - la believed,
will then be 'extended.
lONTSTERS SATISFIED
WITH CHINA'S ACCEPTANCE
One Phrase in the Note That May
Cause Some Delay in.
Evacuation.
PEKING, May 31 —China's uncondi
tional acceptance of 450,000,000 taels as
the indemnity to be paid the powers has
caused great satisfaction among the for
eign Ministers, as it leaves practically a
few minor details to complete the nego
tiations.
The phrase in the joint note Vto the
satisfaction of the powers" may cause
some delay in the evacuation of Chinese
territory, as the Ministers fall to see
how China can guarantee payment, and
as all the Minsters beiieve it would be a
mistake to have a large body of foreign
officials collecting revenue. • Were reve
nue thus collected over 2000 officials would
be required, and the aggregate salaries
of these men would be very large and
amount to more than the ordinary Chl
n«-pe "squeeze."
The majority of the Ministers now fa
vor raising the customs to 10 per cent
and taking 5,000,000 taels yearly from the
Hkin tax. This method would give, after
the payment of interest on foreign ¦ debts
now existing, about 23,000,003 taels a year.
The Ministers would agree to this sys
tem if China will discontinue the col
lection of all likln duties on foreign
goods.
MUTINOUS GUAILDSMEX
PABADE IN AlfTWEBP
Police Are Called to Prevent Disorder
and. Protect the Officers in
the City.""
BRUSSELS, May SL— An extraordinary
scene occurred in Antwerp : yesterday
when mutinous Civic Guardsmen paraded
the . streets singing the "Marseillaise,"
¦while the- police had to be called in to pro
tect the officers from the revolting troops.
There has been friction for some time.
While drilling yesterday a guardsman in
the ranks lighted a pipe and when repri
manded for doing so insulted the officer
who administered the reprimand. Tho
guardsman was arrested, whereupon his
comrades broke ranks, hooted at their
officer and proceeded to demolish property
on the parade ground with the butt ends
of their rifles. Subsequently they paraded
the streets singing.
SON OF DIVINE SAB AS
CALLED. TO FIGHT DUEL
Young Bemhnrdt Receives the Sec-
onds of a Journalist Who De-
mands a Meeting.
LONDON. -Mty 3L— A dispatch from
Paris £ays Maurice Bernhardt, ¦ son of the
famous actress, I has received the seconds
of another journalist, and a duel ' will
possibly result. The trouble arose over
a political dUcusslon. According to the
story, Mme. Bernhardt Is suffering from
extreme nervous excitement. She is due
in London to act with Coquelln on Mon
day but may postpone her-flret appear
ance. She is quoted as saying:
"'If my son's life is in peril, how can I
go? ¦ I am a mother first and an actress
afterward."
Treasury Auditor Resigns.
WASHINGTON. May 31— Colonel Young
blood of Alabama, Auditor of the .Treas
ury Department, has tendered his resigna
tion and It was accepted, to take effect
June 15. The President to-day appointed
B. A. Pierson, assistant auditor of the
same department, to succeed him. • • ¦ • .
Court Decision Regard
ing Philippines rpoh
siderecL
i ':, • i Special Dispatch , to ' The Call.'"' ' ~-
CALL BUREAU, 1406G STREET, N. W.,
;WASHINQTON, J May, 31.— Attorney Gen
eral Knox ; Is preparing. a; written opinion'
for the President' as to the •bearing of the
decision* of the .Supreme Court: upon .the
collectionV of - j duties --on goods ¦ imported
fronv, the 'Philippines- into the United
States and upon goods Imported from the
United StatesfintoVthe Philippines. ; ; q
¦At a "meeting of (the; Cabinet to-day the
Attorney^.Qeneral announced that 'it •: was
his opinion,,; '.without..'., having
carefully examined the official. text of the
decisions of Hhe court, that ''the decision'
would' not necessitate any -change in the
pre&enf course' of the Government as to
the collection ; of these dutres. He said,
however, that this was not his final opin
ion, . and after the matter had been < dis
cussed briefly it- was decided that Mr.
Griggs J should: prepare a written" opinion
to be adopted for. the guidance of the ad
ministration until the decision of the
Philippines case is announced by . the
court. - v
It is understood. that the Attorney Gen
eral and Secretary of War Hoot will col
laborate in the preparation of this - opin
ion,' as Mr. Root has devoted a great deal
of study to the legal', aspect -of -the rela
tions between the United States and its
Insular possessions. •• - '¦
There is little doubt among the mem
bers of the administration as to the power
of the President under the authority dele
gated to him by the Spooner amendment
to the army appropriation bill to- promul
gate a tariff in the Philippines which will
be perfectly valid, but there is consider*
able more doubt as to the right to collect
duties under; the Dlngley law on imports
from the Philippines or as to the author
ity of the President to promulgate a'spe
cial'tariff on goods Imported from those
islands. 1 -, 1 ¦ , •• • ¦ . , - i , • :'-. . I : ¦¦.'.
The administration Is not greatly dis
turbed'by the suggestion that goods from
other countries will .be, shipped -into the
Flilllppines and then reshipped Into the
United States,' where duties will be paid
under : protest • in the ; hope ' of having ¦ the
money refunded when' the Supreme Court
decision in ¦•the : Philippines case is an
nounced. This . plan could . proba-bly .be
spoiled by putting t.up . duties on these
goods when Imported, into the Philippines.
While It cannot be learned that any hint
has been given by -the court,, the adminis
tration has not much fear of an adverse
decision - in the ; Philippines case. .
CABINET TALKS
OF THE DUTIES
Western Labor Union
Discusses Its Future
r: , ; : Policy;. " S^g
- - -,tr. ..¦»:¦•.-,-•¦ "~~ — .? .... ¦ ¦ '."••;¦.¦ \C-'.-.
DBNVBR;" May :'.31.— The" annual conven
tion of the- Western Federation of Miners
and of. the Western Labor . Union b'egah
consideration of committee reports in-exr
ecutive | session- ': to-day, gg Just before '• the
adjournment . for"! the noon recess . a . dele
gate rose "and declared he was not respon
sible for" a published anonymous interview
regarding ..the v!of -a successor to
President ;Boyco. .This* Indicates at least
that there ' is ' no : movement , of importance
to elect another president,
The committee having In hand President
Boyce's report recommended that several
sections ;be" sent c to - the proper standing
committees. ..This • practically adopts the
whole document by the ¦ convention. The
interchangeable card between the Miners'
and Labor .Union. was. adopted. .., ,-_
.The Labor Union convention spent the
day discussing, the union in politics. The
resolutions committee has presented a res
olution - favoring • more active political
work „ and whether • this - may,- be done
through a~ labor party or by forcing other
parties to place labor candidates on their
tickets is the point under discussion.' The
Labor Union decided to increase the sal
ary • of the secretary from $75 to $100 a
month and pay weekly. The following is
the text of the political resolutions which
were adopted by the Labor Union late this
afternoon: - '
Whereai, The capitalist class Is In complete
possession of the means of -¦ production and
thereby | controls tho . Republican, . Democratic
and Populists parties to further its political and
industrial; ends; ami _.;. ; ; •. , . ¦
Whereas. • The working class has nothing - in
common with the capitalist class, . either polit
ically or industrially; and,- . , : ..
Whereas, The Interests.' of the working class
and the interests of the capitalist class are
diametrically opposed to each other; I therefore
the working class cannot expect to derive a.nv
benefits from affiliating and supporting the cap
italist parties, as has been proven In- the past;
and ."V- -. -.- ' -,-" .'.' ;-.-.r .*>."- " • ¦ ¦. -¦
v Whereas, ¦ Wo, the working class, by . reason
of .being the. real producer! of wealth - and by
reason of our numbers should ; be • the masters
both industrially and politically;- in our hands
lies tho destiny of the nation; therefore be It
• Resolved, ; That we take such steps politically
asno .completely.' separate us as -.a political
body from all parties controlled by the capital
ist class; and be it further ¦•..-•.->'-¦
Resolved, That the Incoming executive board
S U^i £ort , b *^ Ve iX.' effort to Mg!Bt • tne worklns
th «« iffer «nt States. in furthering and
establishing . the ; political - movement as above
outlined. *.'.**; .':%?, :
'^•Resolutions : were also adopted directing
the executive board to urge = Congress to
re-enact the ¦ Chinese exclusion . law and
pass, a -.similar law against ,the Immi
gration of Japanese and all other Asiatics.
Other resolutions were adopted, including
£?£i.?5? in8t: - the . Vu8 , e '- of Montana coal
mined by non-union labor and one. favor
ing a universal union label. v^ , r -
CAPITALISTS
AND THE TOILER
r - SAN-J DIEGO,-; May- 31.— As 1 trustee f or
the holders of 1300,000 in . bonds : of j the. Es
condldo Irrigation District the Merchants'
National Bank ¦ of -; this -. city has ¦ brought
suit to foreclose a* mortgage covering the
district's i water rights, : reservoirs and
other property. • v
Sues* to ] Foreclose.
¦- . '¦ . ; ~-. '¦¦ 'FewDayg/ : ¦: ¦..'¦'
WASHINGTON,^ May. 31.— It Is "asserted
to-day; with much pbsitiveness that' Post
mastW; General Smith ] has 'finally decided
to }. retire^ from .the ' Cabinet." -t The rumor
couples the. names of , Perry S. Heath. and
Vice ,; Chairman ; Payne of the ; Republican
National -Committee "j wlthvthe u position.'
Smith's i resignation i may . be -tendered • to
the President within ; a 'few days.' " i .•
the Cabinet Will Cease in a
Bumor Says Smith's Connection With
POSTMASTEB ' GEWEBAIi .' : :.
'¦') -VV^ f V<>3B ' ; LJJHLEJL.XVTO C RESIGN
who has confessed to conspiring with Dr.
A. M. IXngrer r ! F. M. Brown" and Miss Marie
Defenbach In an effort to swindle various
life insurance! companies which held poli
cies ton Miss Defenbach's life, was the
chief witness at the trial of Dr. Unger
and Brown to-day.' ' ¦ - J . -. ,
Smiley told how he was hired to pose as
Miss Defenbach's promised husband. •¦ He
said he was to be paid $1000 and that Miss
Def enbach urged I from , th e • sta rt that she
would die soon of heart disease. She said
she ¦ wanted her insurance . to . go ' to • her
friend, Dr. • Unger, -Mrs. Naxacon." a for
mer stenographer in the Mooney & Boland
detective offices, told of various .visits of
Dr. Unger to that office for the purpose of
talking. with Brown and Smiley.. , ¦ .
.- "¦•¦.¦ » •--.-• - -¦¦"
Cadets Go' to Ecuador^ k-.-j:
NEW YORK, May Ji..— Cadets Blrchie
O.' Mahaff ey of Texaa, 4 Henry I*. Bowlby
of Nebraska. ' John » A. Cleveland of . Ala
bama, T.F. 'Keller of New York and R.
A. Linton of Michigan, recently, dismissed
from; West "Point as insubordinate, ¦ are" to
go to Kcuador- to serve -as engineers, in
the building of a railroad across -the An
des, v The .: five •: have j stood . together - all
through their troubles, and It is^with them
one for all,' and all for, the five.- They will
leav* I f or / Ecuador on the iCumbal • of the
W.'R.' Grace -line on Tuesday.- They,- will
be in ;¦ the » employ of the Guayaquil', and
Quito Company." ¦ ¦ ; ». r *,
':•'">'-"-• : -':-' :¦'¦'•'• — — i ¦/.!' '
Ttu^tey 'Advances the Money. -
i PHILADELPHIA, ;_ May . 31.— A; > cable
message . received f to-day - J by , . William
Crampj & ; Sons -announces that "the": first
payment f or.the cruiser contracted for by
the Government -of -Turkey i has been paid
by the ; Imperial , Ottoman - Bank. Until
now ; there ¦ has - been • an ¦ element of doubt
as to i. whether. the cruiser wpuhj:brf built;
but '. with first 'payment the .work: will
be carried forward. . ; .
Witness Explains About Methods
Employed t. to . Get Mortey From
'."- In«uraiioe Companies. •
CHICAGO, I May 81.— Frank H. Smiley,
TELLS OF CONSPIRACY [
IN V DEFENBACH C ASE
' CHICAGO, May 31.-Health officials ar»
looking for John Stewart of 1362 North
Washtenaw avenue," who is said to be af
flicted with leprosy and is now in hiding
¦ under treatment br "Dr." John Alexander
Dowle. The Stewart family is said to have
com* . originally from ¦ the • Sandwich
Islands, where the supposed leper ,was
born. Mrs. Stewart, John's mother, I is a
follower of Dowie and believes that Dowle
can cure him.
It is rumored that Dowie has allowed
Stewart to mingrle freely with the congre
gations at big meetings held in the Audi
torium and Coliseum and he went to Wau
kegen yesterday., ¦ ¦
"The Dowieitea > have concealed the
man," declared Secretary Prltchard of the
Health Department to-day. "We learned,
of it several day3 ago and have , been
quietly at work to ascertain whether tha
report was true. In some • way we
alarmed the Dowleltes. Just what steps
will be taken I do not know. One fact is
certain— It* i3 within the' province of this
department to protect the public from
contamination, and everything will be
dona to accomplish that end."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEPER HIDDEN
BY DOWIEITES
Believed to Have Been
Present « at Big .
Meetings.- 1£
The failure of one man 13 often the be
ginning of another man's success.
side the gates and the rioters fled In ths
darkness and shade of the trees, and
scattered to their camp. " ;
The guard of the Forty-fifth Regiment
was also ordered to the scene of the
trouble, but the Iheri' lent but little as
sistance, despite' the commands of their
officers. .' ¦ :
The blocks in the vicinity! of the sa
loons were patro ; led by armed guards
and all stragglers were rounded up and
sent to quarters. Once or. twice some of
the rioters tried to break through, the
guard lines and while on the run the
sentries simply shouted "Halt," but did
not stop their comrades. -
"They are our men," said one sentry,
when asked why he allowed the soldiers
to run past the guard. lines. ' .
Harris, the man whose life was saved
by the police officers, is a private in Troop
K, Fifteenth Cavalry. He was seen after
the riot and said: j ' -" ¦ .
"1 am out on a pass/until to-morrow at
noon. I was in Mrs. Powers' saloon when
the first crowd came in. I was in civilian
clothes and they started to abuse Mrs.
Powers and then turned on me. They
accused me of being one of the men who
had given knockout drops to some sol
diers in the afternoon. They 'would not
listen to reason, but acted like wild men.
I owe my life to the police officers. If it
had not been for their bravery I would be
a dead man now." • - ¦ ¦ ' :
Harris was badly cut about the face and
bruised all over his body. Mrs. Powers
¦was also seen in the apartments above
her wrecked saloon after • the riot. In
speaking of the occurrence ehe said:
"I have always been kind to the boys
and have conducted my place orderly. I
cannot imagine ; why they should attack
me and wreck my place. My license
would have expired to-morrow night. The
soldiers called me the vilest of names and
threatened to kill me and every on© ' in
the place. The saloon was my only sup
port and I have a family to look after.
One of my daughters was almost knocked
down by a big rock that was thrown
through the window of her room. What
a lot of cowards these men are to attack
a woman. I will demand satisfaction for
the damage done and shall see my law
yers in the morninr." - }
Mrs. Powers estimated the damage at
$2000. Not a thing was left Intact In tho
saloon. The doors were wrenched off their
hinges; the bar and fixtures were split to
kindling wood: the gasjets were torn
down; kegs of beer and bottles of whisky
were emptied all over the place: chairs
and tables were demolished and the till
was robbed of $20, the receipts of , the
night. "When the attack occurred Bar
tender Charles Keenan fled with Mrs.
Powers to the upper part of the house,'
The officers of the Forty-fifth Kcgi
ment who were In charge of the provost
guard last night tried to shield their men
as much as possible and claimed that
only" a' few of their command took part t )n
the riot. The sentries and' sergeants ~Sn
charge of the camp of the Forty-fifth re
fused to give any information. ' . . J
A careful Investigation of the reports
that some of the soldiers had died' fronr
"knock-out drops" proved that such was
not the case. Morgan of the Forty-sixth
Regiment was the only man who it Is
thought might have been the victim of. a
drug. "-*;;'¦:.¦"; '"'.
An investigation of the /riot will- be"
inade to-day by the police 'and* military'
officials. . . ¦'.'-'.- V, ' .-'
B-- — ERLIN. May 31.— Queen Wilhelmi- '
na and her husband, the Princa.
of the Netherlands^ * witnessed
the Emperor's review of the Ber
lin Garrison to-day. The Queen
afterward drove to the royal castle with
the Empress, the Emperor riding at the
head of the First Guards regiment,. with
the Prince of the Netherlands on his,'right
hand.
: On returning the procession was met on
Unter den Linden by the Chief Burgomas
ter, the city officials and a band of tweii
ty-four white-robed maidens. The Bur
gomaster presented an address to Queen
Wilhelmina and handed her. a bouquet- of
flowers of the Netherlands colors— red,
RAILROAD MEN
DECLARE PEACE
Difficulties in the North
; em Pacific 'Are,
¦ NEW TORK, May 3L— The i conflicting
inttrests in the Northern Pacific Railroad
have reached a final and amicable agree
ment upon all matters of disagreement
an-J' their future relations to theproperty.;
There has been, no announcement of the
terms of the new, pact," which -ends the
most remarkable financial battle, in the
record of Wall street, and none of the'de
tails ; have been . made public. Late ; this
I afternoon the I following statement- went
!• out on the ticker: •--• •.¦ ?, .,;.,;"
' "It is officially announced that an un
derstanding has :. been ; reached between
Northern Pacific and Union Pacific-Inter
ests, under which the composition. of the
Northern Pacific board will be left in the
hands of J. P. Morgaijf, certain names
having already been suggested, which will
especially be recognized as representative
of the common interests. It is assorted
that complete, and permanent harmony
will result under the plan adopted by all
interests involved." .
- When the statement was ' shown ' to
Louis A. Helnsheimer of Kuhn, Loeb &
Co. he said: ' . '
"That statement is authentic. We can
not go. into particulars' as to the settle
ment or give- you any details at this time.
Ail that we can say is that there has
been a settlement of the difficulties that
existed and the matter is at an end.'' •
Jacob H. Schlff declined to add anything
to the official statement beyond connrm-
Jng the truth of It. All James - J. - Hill
would say was that a satisfactory settle
ment appeared to have been concluded.' >
One of.the stories heard. to-day, after, the
announcement that peace had been de
clared was that - at least two Northern
Pacific directors would enter the Union
Paclllc board and that equal representa
tion would be given the latter road in the
directory of the first named road. ''.
D. B. Robinson.
CHICAGQ.-fMay 31.— D. B. Robinson,
former vice president of ..- the . Atchlsbn,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Company,
died at his home. here this afternoon;
after a protracted. illness. Robinson had
been seriously ill with .a complication of
diseases for the last' year and a^half. The
body will be taken' to St.- Albans, Vt.,
Robinson's old home, for interment. '" He
was elected in' 1896 to | the presidency ) of
the St. Louis and San Francisco road.
He had previously served as president of
the San Antonio and Aransas- Pass' road
and was vice president-of the Atchison,
Topeka and. Santa Fe. He * retired from
the presidency of the St.' Louis . San
Francisco in May,- 1900, on accounrof fail
ing health. : * -' >,*L:; • \ •:¦¦-¦: ¦
Charles V. Putnam.
John Ryan.
SALINAS,. May 3L— John Ryan,~' one" of
the oldest pioneers of this" county, died
this morning, aged.57 years. 1 ' v> . .
WORCESTER, Mass., i May Sl.-TCharles
V.V Putnam, -president of the Putnam ?&•
Sprague t Furniture Company, and a' Cali
fornia-- "forty-niner," died - here .. to-day,
aged 72 years. " He was a descendant of
General Israel Putnam. ' ; ¦ *.' "
white' and blue. The Queen ; replied with
a few words -of thanks. . -¦/:¦-
. .. Enthusiastic Greeting. -
The public throughout the day enthusi
astically greeted Queen Wilhelmina. Im
mense, throngs witnessed, the parade. Ow
ing to. the' sultry weather there were a
score of sunstrokes, 'the. sufferers- includ
ing- a number "of soldiers. \ Many. Dutch
flags -were displayed. The parade- itself.
In spite of : the fearful dust and terrible
heat, was the "most successful held > in
years. AH . the military attaches, with
General Bonnal, kept in a cluster near the
Emperor, who led a brigade past the re
viewing stand near which was stationed a
carriage 'containing the .Empress and
Queen Wilhelmina. * . • ¦ . -
The .foreigiv experts, -agreed in. .saying
W»j>.:-':-.V-. J ::'fii4- ''*;'-y .•''¦;-•- ¥h% -">¦••
Embassy, as well as the American ladles,
and Senator Beverldge was also -present.
The opera was Donizetti's .".The Daughter
of the Regiment." ft"/- ¦''¦ - ; ¦-¦'¦
Between the first and second acts -the
Emperor and Empress held a 1 circle" in the
foyer, his • Majesty chatting with Mr.
White' and saying "r.mong • other- .-things
that the monuments in the .Sieges Allee
would serve as an excellent object lesson
for German youth. .. / ; '. - ¦
Queen .Wilhelmina addressed Mr. "White
as an old acquaintance from The Hague
peace conference, recalling a number of
details of the proceedings. »
Emperor William has . decorated Gen
eral Bonnal, director of the French War
School, with the crown order of the first
class,. and, has bestowed on Colonel Gallet
the crown order of the second class.
Continued From Page One.
LONDON. May 31.— According to a dis
patch received from St. Petersburg to-day
it appears that the conflict at Alexandrov
sky. in the vicinity of St Petersburg,
between the strikers at the Obuchoff iron
works and the authorities. May 20. when a
number of rioters attacked the police, had
more serious results than were admitted
in the police report of the affair issued
May 21.
It was then said that after twelve of
the police had been Injured they were re
inforced by soldiers, who fired three vol
leys, killing two men and wounding^ seven.
The relatives of the strikers declare that
forty of the. men were killed and that 150
others were wounded. ¦ • • - - ••
A reliable witness said he saw four van-'
lo.ids of wounded persons covered with
blood, and another spectator declares he
euw two tug-loads of wounded taken to
the hospital.
SOLDIERS WRECK-PRESIDIO SALOON
Relatives of Strikers Say
Forty Men Were
Siain.
SOLDIERS KILL
MANY RUSSIANS
Railroad Cashier's i Dis
appearance^ Causes
:' Apprehension.
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
¦ EL PASO, -Tex.'. '• May -31.— News of a
mysterious .robbery, of^th^-Mexican Cen
tral-offices' at :Torreqn,;nas> just reached
El Paso. On the night; of 1 the' 7th of May
JU G. Martinez, 1 cashierin the local freight
offices 'there, disappeared, leaving a short
age In his accounts of 510,500. rr •
A mystery surrounded the incident. The
authorities -refused to, issue warrants for
the arrest > of \the; man or look into the
matter., for several'-, days.-? Martinez had
been known 'aa thoroughly responsible and
was" from: one of the* best families in the
country. He left without notice and the
money was" also missing, but more than
$10,000 was left In the safe. • '
The friends and relatives of Martinez
contended that he had met with foul play
and refused to consider that he had taken
the money. For. this reason the authori
ties refused to take steps - to apprehend
him, putting in their time searching for
a -clew- to the supposed murder. - The au
diting department of the Mexican Central
road took the matter up and insisted on
an effort for Martinez's arrest, and a war
rant was then issued charging him with
robbery.-:- ¦ • . • .-•
The affair has been kept, a profound se
cret by the Mexican Central authorities
and even the division superintendent on
the Chihuahua division knew nothing
about it > until the auditors for this divi
sion, came on here to-day after two weeks'
work on the case. No trace whatever had
been found of Martinez, , and it is believed
that he left for the United States as soon
as the alleged crime was committed. His
friends contend tbat he. did not take tha
money, but that robbers did the work and
disposed of the cashier. % '.¦"¦'
y^ALL BUREAU; 1406 G STREET,
ff 7/N. ,W., WASHINGTON, May 31.—
lV> *j Secretary of War .Root has cabled
>^^to: Governor General "Wood- that
' the action of the Cuban Constitu
tional .Convention .on the Platt amend
ment defining, future relations between
the United^ States and- Cuba Is not 1 sat
isfactory, to the administration, this dis
patch was sent as the result of to-tlay'a
Cabinet" meeting, \ in which the action; of
the: Cuban convention was discussed at
length. ..; Secretary Root had with him
the full text of the document the Cuban
convention adopted as an appendix to the
provisions of the Platt amendment. He
has not yet made this document public,
but it is known that it is unsatisfactory
in many ways, and is "of such a character
that the President'could not construe it
as Justifying the withdrawal of the mil
itary government- if he wished to do so.
The Interpretation and "limitations placed
by the Cubans on several of the articles
or the .Platt amendment. are declared en
tirely ; Inconsistent of the text of those
articles. " , • •
p| Objects of Articles Defeated.
Tho 'fifth "article of the Platt amend
ment, which stipulates that Cuba will
execute'and, as far as necessary, extend
the plans "already devised or other plans
to be mutually agreed upon for the sani
tation of the cities' of the island. Is so
modified as to exclude the requirement
for the execution of such plans as might
be agreed upon in the future. .This de
feats the. object of : the article, which Is
to. insure the carrying out of a plan of
sanitation at least as effective as that
which has been adopted* by the' military
government. - * .
- It is regarded as being essential to the
prevention of the spread of infectious
and' contagious diseases from Cuba to the
United States that there shall be no re
laxation , in the sanitation of . the island,
and that a guarantee of effective sanita
tion shall not be left to i he chance of a
satisfactory agreement -being reached af
ter :-¦ the ' Cuban " Government shall .have
.been set up. ¦¦..•. ¦ ¦ « ¦
'.;.- The sense of article 7, providing for the
sale or : lease to the United States of
naval and coaling stations- has been, it is
hold, entirely perverted by the Cubans.
Instead of making it provide that Cuba
"will" sell or lease, it it- provided that
she- "may . sell or lease, thus making it
•optional for the Cuban' Government to do
so or not. The administration will insist
that this -be changed so that there shall
be no-option about it. - ¦ • .-.
Intervention in Contingencies.
. The most' objectionable of all to the
administration is the action of the con
vention on article 3, which provides' for
intervention, by ' the United States in Cu
ban affairs to certain contingencies. Part
of the supplemental- document devoted to
this -article * is- so involved that It was
difficult for the President and his advis
ers to determine just what It meant. It
is regarded as so interpreting the Platt
amendment as to entirely . pervert j its
meaning. • ,
.Statements purporting to have been
made by Secretary Root to the Cuban
FRIENDS FEAR
SECRET MURDER
delegates are incorporated. The adminis
tration .objects to this because the pro
priety of quoting the Secretary of War
as to his understanding of them is doubt
ed and because they bear evidence of the
delegates having misunderstood the sec
retary. It is said that ideas have been
attributed to Secretary Root which noth
ing he said would warrant.
It Is not believed by the administration
or*" by those Senators who have been
called in consultation that there is any
prospect that Congress will *n any way
change the Platt amendment* to nuke it
more acceptable to the Cubans, and It la
hoped- that when the Cuban delegates
realize that the President Is without
power to change the terms, and that
Congress is without a disposition to do
so, there will be little delay in. accepting
the . amendment without the impossible
interpretations applied to It.
CATJSES- GBEA.T STTRPTtlSE.
Cuban Delegates Say the Convention
Cannot Recede.
HAVANA, May 3L—The N decision of the
United States Government not to accept
the Cuban constitution as adopted by tho
Havana convention caused, great surprise
and keen disappointment to those mem
bers of the convention who voted for th*
constitution as adopted. Two leading
Conservatives who were Interviewed to
night on the subject said in substance
that they had reason to suppose that the
constitution would be acceptable to Wash
ington, and that otherwise they would
not have voted for the majority- report a.3
submitted. .They aL>o pointed out that in
order to avoid a possibility of rejection the
majority report had been changed "at tha
last moment by striking out the Interpre
tation at the end of the clauses end put
ting these In the form of a resolution by
themselves, thus accepting the i Plait
amendment) as passed by Congress.
"It is true," said one of the:Conserva
tlves in question, "that the committee in
terpretations of tha explanations of the
Teller resolution which were offered by
Governor General Wood and Secretary
Root, together with the Washington com
mission's report, were Included with the
Platt amendment as an appendix to tho
constitution; but when we voted on the
report it was but with one purpose in
view, napieiy, to accept the Platt amend
ment." . <i- ¦:.:¦ .i-f
Both delegates expressed regret that a
misunderstanding had arisen, and said
they doubted that the. convention would
now reconsider its action, as the fight haJ
been hot. the victory had, been won by
on!? one vote, and those who had tried
to do their duty toward their country had
been bitterly assailed as traitors and per
jurers.
Senors Capote and Tamayo had a long
conference with General Wood to-night.
General Wood, in the course of a brief
interview, said:
"I never understood that the explana
tions of Secretary Root would be incor
porated in the acceptance. I always con
sidered that the convention .regarded
these explanations as explanations mere
ly, and that they would not form part.of
the acceptance." V--
they never had seen such marvelous drill
and marching, v - - j --- :V ¦-; : : . .
After the maneuvers the Emperor, with
his suite, took up a posltion^by,: the side
of, the Empress' carriage.- -L The ; Crown
Prince Fredericks William : and j prince
Henry of .the- Netherlands had : places
throughout next to the > •¦ --"¦ ¦
-Several' hundred Americans- 'attended
the,, review mostly In carriages, among
thenfbeing Andrew D. White, the United
States EmbassadoT, and Mrs. White, with
United S States Senator ¦ Beverldge ; "W. : WV
Hollis, E. V_ Morgan, of New :York; ex-
Mayor Scheeren, of Brooklyn; ; Mr. • and
Mrs. Landls, of San Francisco;: Com
mander William K. Beehler, the United
States-naval attache, -and' Mrs. Beehler,
with a party; Mrs.' Kerr, wife of Lieuten
ant Colonel Kerr, ,thtf United. States-mili
tary attache; Dr. and Mrs.^ Shakespeare
e.nd Mies Rutter,: of Philadelphia. :
The' ceremony of -the Emperor .accom
panying the regimental - flags back • to the
Schloss was most Impressive, his Majesty,
holding his field. marshal's .staff. : ¦ The
crowds cheered with great enthusiasm.
¦ The municipal- ceremony welcoming
Queen Wilhelmina /was quite simple, but
the , floral , decorations around g the' .spot
were most gorgeous.
.The luncheon at the Schloss was partici
pated in. by all. the members of the royal
families. Including the ladles,, tho foreign
guests and the military attaches, v,'-- >•¦
The gala, opera . to-night was attended
by all the members of the United States
British Public Startled by the News of Desperate Fighting
With Heavy Losses Within Short Distance of Johannes
burg and on Anniversary of Roberts' Entry Into That City
BOERS UNDER DELAREY
ATTACK GENERAL DIXON'S
FORCE AT VLADFONTEIN
The dispatch from Lord Kitchener, dat
ed Pretoria, May 30, is as follows:
"General Dixon's force at Vladfontein
was attacked yesterday by Delarey's
forces and there was severe righting. The
enemy was eventually driven off with
heavy less, leaving thirty-five dead. I
regret that our casualties also were se
vere. The killed and wounded number
174. Four officers were killed."
KINGSTON. Jamaica, May 31.— A report
from Barbadoes says the Imperial Gov
ernment is arranging to send a draft of
Boer prisoners there. • • ¦ *
IJULTTWAYO, Matabeleland, May 31.—
Cecil Rhodes, in a- speech before the
Chamber of Mines here on the difficulties
of obtaining laborers, advocated the adop
tion of legislation controlling the impor
tation and deportation of Chinamen. He
further announced that new contracts
had been made for the construction of 160
mileaof the new railroad to the Waukl
coal fields.
Kitchener Reports That the Republicans Were Eventually
Driven Off, but Regrets That the Killed^ and Wounded
Among English Troops Number 174 Men and 4 Officers
LONDON, May 31.— On the anniver
sary of Lord Roberts' entry into
Johannesburg the country has
been startled by the news of des
perate fighting and heavy British
losses within forty miles, of the Gold Reef
city. The battle at Vladfontein, on the
Durban-Johannesburg Railroad, reported
by Lord Kitchener to-day, is the most se
rious engagement since General Clements'
reverse at Magalcsburg. It shows that
General Delarey is in no way daunted by
the capture of eleven of his guns by Gen
eral Bablngton six weeks ago.
The garrison of Vladfontein, apparently
largely composed of yeomanry, had 174
men put out of action. That their assail
ants came to close quarters and suffered
heavy loss is shown by the number of
cead left on the field.
FAILS TO GAIN
NEEDED STRENGTH
Most Grave - Feature in
Mrs. McKinley's
Sickness.
WASHINGTON. May SL— The physi
cians who are In attendance upon Mrs.
McKinley after a consultation this fore
noon issued the following statement of
her condition:
Mrs. McKlnley Is recovered from the fatigue
of the trip. The illness from which she was
pufferinsr in San Francisco still continues,
though in less intense form. She is still feeble
and cannot be considered out of danger. Her
progress win no doubt be slow, but Improve
ment Is looked for.
P. M. RIXET. M. D.
GEORGE M. STERJCBERG. M. D.
W. W. JOHNSTON. M. D.
Mrs. McKinley failed to show any im
provement during the day, and to-night
her condition is reported as unchanged
from the status given in the bulletin
issued during the morning. One of the
grave features of the ; case is the fact that
she continues extremely \seafe and fails
to gain in strength. She Is very seriously
111, but has had severe attacks of Illness
heretofore, and this gives rise to the hope
that she will yet show improvement. No
bulletin vras issued to-night and none will
be until after the consultation of the
physicians to-morrow. Both Drs. Stern
ber? and Rixey called daring the evening
at separate times, the latter remaining
• with the patient a long while.
DEL MONTE, May 31.— Dr. Hirschf elder
was seen here to-day in regard to a report
from "Washington that he had stated that
Mrs. McKlnley cannot recover. He de
nied absolutely that he had made any
such statement, and said:
"I have made no statement at any time
concerning the case of Mrs. McKinley,
other than those contained in the official
bulletins published by Mr. Cortelyou, and
I have absolutely nothing to say now re
garding the case."
Congress AVill Not Alter Terms of Future Relations Re
;§:; ,rquired,Jand at Present the; President Feels He Would
: Not BetJustified in Withdrawal of Military' Government
~~~"y~ Special Kspatch to The Call.
CUBANS PLAINLY TOLD
THEY MUST ABIDE BY
THE PLATT AMENDMENT
Aftefthe Cabinet Meeting Secretary of War Root Cables to
Governor General Wood That Changes Made by the
Convention WiB-Not Be Accepted by the United States
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CAIAj, S^XJ^AY^i^^ X A901^
Brilliant Military. Spectacle at Berlin for the Benefit of the Visiting
Ruler of the- Netherlands and Her Husband-^Germans^ Are
Joyous Over the Arrival of Their Royal Guests JFrpm The Hague
HQLlAND^5: QUEEN REVIEWS;
EMPEROR, WILIiIAfl'5 TROOPS
2
THE DAY'S DBADi
¦ AD V E Kxi.H n n/TENTS.
PB.HEYERS4C0
Specialists. , Dis-
ease and Weaknea*,
of 'imenT . Estab-
lished issi. Consul-
tation and ' privata
book free, at ofSco
or by mall. . Cures
guaranteed. ' _J731
Market street < (ele-
vator entrance),
'Ban Francisco. ,
Hood s Sarsaparilla , was taken by
Ml"V W T»°i Ba "? tt « ' 14 Olney St., Prov-
idence. R^ I and. as stated bv herself.
U k re i le J^ 'her.. of dyspepsia, by which
she had been greatly troubled for more
than - twenty-five years and for which
she had taken many other medicines In
vain, when she had taken four bottles
of Hood's Bhe . could - eat almost any-
thing without .'distress and could sleep
well. ' , B£§3MhBP
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Promises to cure anU keeps the
promise. Accept no; substitute,
but 'insist on having Hood's.
Dyspepsia can be ..curecT only
by what gives vigor and' tone to
the stomach, : functional activity
to the whole digestive system.
• No need to say. anything about
the belching, vomiting, flatu-
lence;' headache, pain in ] the
stomach-
Dainty Appetite
Easily satisfied, a feeling of dis-
tress after eating, and more or
less nausea between meals, every
day— DYSPEPSIA!IX>NIX>N. May IL— The X>aily Mail
says that King Edward has decided to
reduce his ecclesiastical establishment
from thirty-six paid chaplains to twelve.
Seduces Number of Chaplains.
* .- V w
\m ,v^ OR the second time In the aacred
I dramatic history of America Cali
|f~*^-fornia has had the unique honor
JJL .. of producing the only modern Pas
sion Play existent west of Ober
arr.mergrau.
The playgoer* of a score of yea& ago
will well remember the first production of
the sacred drama in San Francisco, writ
ten by Salmi B. Morse and given at the
Grand Opera-house by the notable com
pany of players then associated with the
old Baldwin Theater. The play created
an enormous sensation. From the.bitter
est denunciation to an almost worshipful
partisanship public feeling was aroused to
highest pitch. The house was crowded
nightly with Jews and Christians, Protes
tants and Catholics, atheists and bigots,
ministers and laymen— all alike profound
ly interested in the attempt of the modern
actor to picture the sacred story.
No expense was spared on the produc
tion, which cost "Lucky" Baldwin a cool
$40,000 to put on the stage. The costumes
were on a satisfying scale of splendor,
with settings and mechanical appliances
of the best that could then be procured.
An orchestra of 200 pieces was engaged,
performing ' among other numbers tho
Rossini "Stabat Mater" and. say those
who .were present, doing excellent servica
In the creation of the necessary aolemnity
of atmosphere.* No applause was permit
ted, and the sable draperies of the thea
ter and black-edged programmes added
still further to the dignity and unusual
ness of the occasion. Nothing', in short,
was left undone that could lend sacred
ness, truth, beauty, or dignity to the play,
and only the ever open question of the
propriety \ of human representation of di
vinity remained to be settled.
, Archbishop McCloskey. to whom the au
thor and "Lucky" Baldwin had submitted
the manuscript of the play, was gener
ously appreciative of its possibilities, en
tirely in sympathy with its standpoint
and hopeful of Its spiritual effect. Other
important ecclesiastical authority was
similarly encouraging, and it was with the
most sanguine expectations that author,
actors and manager presented for the first
i time before an American audience the
sacred story of our Lord's life and death.
1 Among those in the cast of the play
were James Nelll,. then a striking
! beautiful— there is no other word— youn?
man. He was leading man in the Bald
win Stock Company, with Lewis Moorrison
as co-star, - and, according: to Mr. Morri
son, who is the only representative of the
famous cast now in town, was a noble
figure as the Christ, for which part he
was cast. •
"Neill was very nervous that first
night," says , Mr. Morrison. "Ho feared
riots and possible shooting, for crowds
followed us to the theater with all kinds
of friendly and unfriendly manifestations;
, but from the moment the curtain went
up, showing Christ -with his disciples, and
the opening words 'Let us pray' fell Into
the silence, the proper note was at once
struck and the play waa heard with a
rightful reverence from beginning to end.
"I was the Pilate — and never before fully
realized the high worth of the character,
by the way— and after the great speech,
'I have found no guilt in this man,' poor
Morse came to me and said: . 'Morrison,
you will never need to play another part
for all your life.' James A. Herne, or
Samuel Piercey, was the Herod; Mackey
the Juaas,-Forrest Robinson the Caiaphas,
Mary "Wlnkes Mary Magdalen, Olive West
Mary the Virgin. Five hundred people in
all appeared and each seemed to enter
fully Into the spirit of what was to all the
most memorable performance of their
lives.
"The Passion Play ran Just three weeks.
It offended the sensibilities of a large
number of the "unco guidf and Neill and
I were arrested nightly after it was over.
Every night we paid our $50, and Baldwin
offered to put up the fines by the week
to save time. Every day. too. we had to
stand trial, till the Nelll-Morrison case
became a standing Joke. Then the State
was petitioned against the play and finally
the President himself was approached and
the first Passion Play of America, died an
ignominious death.
"Afterward Henry E. Abbey, the New
York impresario, became Interested in the
production, bought the rights of It and
took over the principals to New York to
give the Passion Play there. But the New
York public would have none of It. Ab
bey had prophesied tnat Gotham's greater
breadth of outlook would insure its friend
ly reception in the East, but he was not
permitted to produce Morse's drama, at
all there. ' One private performance at
Proctor's Theater was given, with Henry
C. de Mille, then professor of English lit
erature at Columbia University, as the
Christ, and that ended the eventful his
tory. Tho , sequel is somewhat tragic.
Morsk the disappointed author 'of the
play, one week later committed suicide."
Passion Play Given
by Star Company-
Twenty Years Ago
San Francisco First
to -Rival Custom
of Oberammergau
RICH IN ITS SCENIC EFFECTS AND STRIKING
SITUATIONS IS SANTA CLARA'S PASSION PLAY
THE SAK FBANCISCQ CALL, SATURDAY,: JTjyE 1, 1 901.
SCENES IN THE PASSION PLAY AS PRESENTED BY sfubENTS QF SANTA CLARA COLLEGE.
' Miss Annie Mclntiro carried oft the prizo
of the evening." The next swim. will be. on
Tuesday evening, June « 11, * at Lurllne
baths. . ¦ .:-^«SB3&npBH^SBB#BliM - ¦ . '
| * The regular monthly ¦ entertainment and
dance of the Native Sons of Vermont will
be held at Odd Fellows' Hall Friday even
ing, June 7. The folloVlng programme has
been prepared. for the occasion :, ._
1 Part I— Overture, ' . Delleplane'a "¦» Orchestra:
Verroontera' Quartet, 'J. C." Flood, OeorteWal
laoe, J.'-B.'Ponahue, -• J, J. banjo
duet,\" J, * B. '' ."Appleby, Harry. F. Hastings;
songa - and monolocue, Vermooters' favorite,
yv. j; -Hvnej. ¦ . - ..
Vi Part ' II — Reginald . Ttavers ' . in "The Play
er," ¦• a. oomefly -ln* : two vacts. .-John Clark,
Frederick " Gilbert: ? Charles i Sefton/. Georgo ¦ R.
.Vevodaj Mr. Bmltb," Charle« Travers: Mr. • Gll
feeni,>/Alfred ; LaMotte: ¦ Thomas, -, Robert t W.
Bell ; A I fee Clark,* Ceoil le. Harmon : '¦ Miss A ra
mlnta Roirers, Virslnlft Drisac: Mrs.' Smith.
Julio Btovlla; Etlwe.rO XCoon, Reginald Travers.'.
¦ , Mr, .arid ?Mrii,» I,;Bamett announce' the
engfl#em»nif of ' their, daughter, Bellrena,
to David Franklin, ' They will receive June
2 at 1630 Buchanan* street from' 2 to 6 p. m,
£,Mrs." ; - Morton -, LT' Cook \ and ¦. children ( will
ependi the/summer .in - Loa Gatos at '.the
Hotel . ; Lyndon." ¦'/ '¦'¦' -.¦¦¦.
'. '- Mrs." ."W. ' Thomas. Mrs. Carrlo Ewin*, Miss
Isabella Beach. MIbs Christine Jorgensen.' Miss
Ida ¦ Lothrop,' Miss Minnie .Sproul, . Mlsa Annie
Mclntire, Miss Lizzie . Cantus, Miss Laura
Csmtus, Miss Marraret Thomas., Fred Blake
lee, N Myron M. Clinton, -EX Johnson, Fred Wln-
Ired, H. A. - Bowman. D r -i Esson. .
an i agreeable surprise . last Wednesday
evening, the . occasion . being Professor
Clarkson's thirty-fourth birthday. It was
the club's ; regular rehearsal night, and
after > rehearsal the : members were
marched into ¦ the dlning-robm, where a
tempting supper was served. " Afterward
dancing, "and. games. -were indulged ' in.
Those -present were: .. -
- Professor, and Mrs. Clarkson,* Dr. and Mrs.
B. W. , Pratt, Mrs. K. Apperson, Mrs. 'A, W.
Carley, Mrs. K. Heverer. Mrs.' F. Hotop, Mlas
A. | Gatto. Miss L. Lagomasini. Miss M. L.ipo
ina-^lni. Miss M. de Martini. . Misa S. Donion,
Miss R. Rosenblatt, Miss A. Bose, MlS3 M.
Pratt,- Miss K." Butler. • Mlsa B. ¦ Frankel. Miss
C.'Prankel, Miss A. Hotop. B. Bose, F. Stig
llgrano, "W. Needham. ¦ F. Hoseard. C. Brown,
R.-. Leonhaxdt, C. Sheppard.
.'On Tuesday evening the members of the
Liberty Swimming Club spent , a very
pleasant evening ; at the Lurllne baths.
Those in, the party were: ¦.•-¦.¦:', •
: The .Intermediate Friday Fortnightly
Dancing 1 1! Club ¦ gave * its closing ? party at
Cotillion -Hall : on ? May 2i. . Appropriate _ to
the ; lateness of * the j season; the : members 1
and Invited friends ; were attired in .white ;
'duck suits. c.The I hall was ; given the , ap
pear&nce of a summer resort; palms, ferns
and j. grapevines 'draped %. the • music J stand
t and 'i walls;:! and '; colored lanterns *; cast } a'
soft ' light - over.v- a 1 '; typlcal\ midsummer
scene. Miss Ida G. Carr and Mr."- William 5
Ruler led the cotillion. »;-_ s ' ~^; ." - .
V On 'Wednesday evening . the annual con
cert and ball of Professor Merki's Mando-'
Hnata Club took place." There-was a largo
audience present, who thoroughly enjoyed
the programme offered.-- _:.;? '• ¦; ¦- -".,\ -fj ¦'-.-,-» Vt
¦ The members of Professor W., Clarkson's
Mandolin' and , Guitar Club^were treated to;
EV ENTSv IN SQGI ETY:
: The villagers regard fhe play as a most
devout and appropriate ' form of worship
and" the -performance- is I a revelation .of
reverence- associated with the- histrionic
art.": Every word and gesture '¦ is * true to
the ' spirit of the story and the Ammer-,
gauers at least do indeed worship In fol
lowing the ¦ performance. From first to
last, from Eden to Calvary and the Mount'
of Ascension; as one visitor puts It, as the
"Life of Lives" is depicted so realistically j
thespectator will inevitably, get the rest
which comes from entire self-forgetful
ness. ..The interest : Is most intense = from
the . moment • when ' the prologue ( calls all
"to »the l holy , wonder" . at the thought ; of
God's anger turned away to that ecstatic
one" when, at the 'Resurrection the '.choir,
breaks forth . .in. '.singing.' ''Praise Him!
Praise Him! Hosts of Heaven." And im
mediately follows the Ascension scene-It
takes one from the ; earth. ,' '¦-- .TgHB 0 . Hj
Th^se were modified somewhat In the
early Dart of the last . century to meet
the demands of the Bavarian Government.
It had issued a decree for the suppres
sion '-' of all miracle and religious •* plays
throughout the * kingdom. The Passion
Play at Oberammergau. however, secured
exemption from compliance with the de
cree on conditions that certain features of
interpretation be left out
-*The play covers. the whole of the sacred
story both 'of .the 'Old' andiNewi.Testa
ment,-- including" ths /Apocrypha;^ and 'Is
constructed 7 on - the basis of; the typology
of the Scriptures, : type J and anti-type be
ing . brought before the spectators In ' each'
scene in tableau;^ word and i music. ¦ There
are many instructive 'and suggestive hints
in the * texts, : the » oldest \ of -.which ~ comes
dorrn « from ' 1662, having .been • arranged : by
Vae holy; monks • of ; Extols the t monastery,
just above. . . , ,•- " - . ; '•< ¦¦;-._ > .
.The .performances began on May 24 and
continued twice lor -thrice , a\week? until
September 30, twenty-seven < in all. They
begin at 8 o'clock In the morning and - It
lasts - until " 5:30 • in " the \ afternoon, ¦ with an
hour and a half intermission. .. ¦ >'»^.
Over $SO,000 were spent in : producing . the
last play, but -the returns' were"propor
tionately 'large. ¦ Besides'- the admission
fees,* the amounts : received for ; entertain
ment . of visitors*. sale ; of ; souvenirs, , etc.,
ran well up into seven .figures. :. -
For a ' long . time ' the ' whole •; affair was
out In * the - open ' air ; ¦ then the 'auditorium
was' partly roofed over, but for the 'last
play the village. community erected. a cov
ered hall: capable df seating 4000 persons,"
at a cost' of $50,000.- The stage and-pros
cenium are still open, however, and the
sky and valleys and mountains still fur
nish -an appropriate background 1 to: the
most impressively V devotional ¦ • ceremony
that- is to be seen in the world. ¦ .
While: the. Ammergauer is a deeply re
ligious man; he is still human, and the
"Germinde",-wlth the committee of. six
advisers, at the head of which is the
schoolmaster, have to exercise the great
est tact in allotting the parts in the. play.
They receive the numerous offers of ser
vices, discuss and sift and vote upon them
several ¦ times maybe and then, -after; a
special service in the church. : the cast 'is
made.- The result, is. not always satis
factory to every one and. both during the
deliberations 1 and after. the allotments the
human in the Ammer^rauer is . sometimes
made very manifest.'- ¦-*' - .: .
fore played by an uncle. So Peter and
Thomas Rendl had the parts of St. John
and St. Fetor, following after their fath
ers, and Rosa Lang the part of Mary, the
Mother of, Jesus, following the other side
of her house. Johann Z wink; said to be
the most impressive actor I of the whole
group, twice took the -part "of. Judas,
which had frequently, before fallen to the
Zwinks. And so.it is with most. of the
other characters. : l „ . . ,
From fathers to sons the obligation on
the community has been recognized, and
the vow faithfully accomplished, - with
few interruptions. And as the generation
coming has assumed the sacred duty of
the one passing, so in many cases the
son has been chosen for the particular
part performed on several successive de
cennials by the father, who, perhaps, in
like manner .followed the grand-father.
While there Is a redistribution of the
parts on each occasion, and they are in
no sense considered hereditary or belong
ing- to , any ono family- more than anoth
er, yet as the son derives from his father
by birth and constant association his ex
celling skill as a musician, sculptor, wood
carver or terra-cotta worker, so in many
instances i fitness of person • and physiog
nomy, manner of bearing and- speech and
special cast of disposition, - with a, happy
comprehension of * the character . in . ques
tion, seems "to go " down from : the ( one to
the other, for several successive j genera
tions. Thus Johann Lang, the . Burgo
melster who played the part of Christ on
three occasions, and then that of r the
High PriesfCaiaphasLthree.tim.es, up. to
1S90, in 1900 . retired from the cast while
his son. Sebastian, took ? the latter part
and his son Anton that of Christ, which
had been ¦ held the three z previous occa
sions by his -relative, f Joseph Mayr. , It
needs but a glance at the photographs of
the two men. Sebastian and Anton Lang.
to see their fitness for the parts, especial
ly in case of : the latter, and- he is said Uo
be an ; exact » counterpart of his - father i at
the same age. j Another ; brother, . Rochus
Lang, in 1900 took, the part of Herod; be-
between the ninth and fourteenth cen
turies. £ The Oberammergau - perform
ance, it is claimed,/ has no such deriva
tion. It dates from 1634, when it was In
stituted in accordance with a vow made
by the village in council in 1633, on ac
count of the pestilence caused by the
wars of Gustavus Adolphus, which pre
vailed over Central, Kurope. at that time."
Caspar Schuchler, a native of the village,
who had gone to the low country to
work, brought back the plague, which
threatened to depopulate the village, as
it had done elsewhere. The villagers met
in council' and made a vow that .if" the
sS'ourge was stayed they would every ten
years forever perform the play "for
thankful remembrance and edifying con
templation, and by the help of the_Al
mighty, of the sufferings of Jesus, the
Savior . of the world."
Until quite recently a few visitors from
Munich and other cities of Southern Ger
many, with the inhabitants of the neigh
boring mountain villages, formed devout
audiences before which were rendered
with pious fervor and devotion the pictur
esque scenes and impersonations of the
"Passions-Spiel." A few years have
wrought great changes. Until 1850' the
world at large knew nothing of Ober
ammergau and its PasEions-Splel. Then
Edward Devrient witnessed the perform
ance and on his return to the world pub
liihed an account of it. Others followed
him, and in 1SSO a number of magazines
snrt Journals of both America and ISurope
were represented at the performance.
Then the place was made. more accessible
by modern conveyance. Now the visitors
are numbered by the hundred thousand,
and what was for 200 years performed as
a sacred duty, and at some considerable
cost to the community, has become a
source of large revenue to the village. In
l*fr) some 200,000 people found their way to
the Passion Play village, and the receipts
for admission were over 700,000 marks, or
nearly 5175,000. and in 1900 these figures
were increased by nearly 70 per cent, the
visitors including devotees and tourists
from nearly every nationality in the
world. Oberammergau lies forty-five miles
southwest of Munich and by railroad and
ticliey line can now be reached In three
hours time. Unterammergau, six miles
below, and the old monastery of Extal,
nearly as far above, are its only near
neighbors. It stands 2600 feet above the
level of the sea and is overlooked by the
cross-surmounted Kofel Peak on the west,
giving i\ a close and wild background; It
has a population of some 2000 souls, | from
which al\ the actors and participants in
the sacred drama— some -700 in number —
are drawii - - • . .
From th\s remote spot the real "Pas
elon Play" l^ias been brought to the notice
of the worll at large. Several other Ger
man and SVlss villages have plays and
representations of a religious nature, but
they, are oniy survivals of. the-."myste
ries" or mlricle - plays . common in con
tinental Eurt)e* and parts of England
quaint little old villages of Unter and
Ober Ammerrau have had little part in
history and no place at all on most maps.
And such would still undoubtedly be the
case but for the "Passion Play," which
has for nearly three centuries past been
produced at regular Intervals at the last
named place. *
»v«r, Oberammergau and its unique re
ligious dramatic performance, the latter
jerving to Introduce both, have become
»ore or less familiar to the reading 1 pub
!c of the Christian world.
High up in the Bavarian Alp«. near the
jead of the Ammer River, far out of the
Ine of travel and not easily reached over
ib« hardly passable mountain roads, the
A generation ago there were but' few
people outride of the kingdom of Bavaria
who were aware of the fact that a "Pas
elon Play" waa regularly produced any
where In the Trorld, and still fewer had
tny definite Idea of the character of the
jrofluetion. In the last few years, how-
Past by Peasants High. Up
in the Bavarian
Alps.
THE PASSION PLAY
OF OBERAMMERGAU
Has Betn. Produced for Centuries
The whole cast — In all more than 125
boys— is deserving 1 of praise. The play
was costumed very satisfactorily and the
Bcenlc appointments, painted by Michael
O'Sulllvan, a new member cf the profes
sion, are of high artistic value. The
etape management was in the capable
hands of Father Ford and things ivent
with unusual Emoothness for a first
night's performance.
And now, whether or not thin "Passion
Play*' has come to stay, and it is amply
rufSicient for its purpose, I think the au
thor could write such a "Passion Play"
with all but the central figure; with Mary
and the Magdalen and the careful Martha
and Salome, daughter of Herod, as the
women element, as should terve to satisfy
the neede of a larger public than that
four.<3 down In Santa Clara Valley. I am
Persuaded that Mr. Greene could do this
thins- and persuaded by the reach of
"N'azareth" that It is worth while doing.
Meantime, one should be content that a
dramatist with no further reward than
the love of his college should have chosen
thus to signalize Its jubilee and to follow
But his worthy bent.
Students Deserve Praise.
enori. fiime wiis pmyea very sympa
thetically by Cornelius Devine and John
Clark pave an artistic rendering of the
part of Matthew. An orchestra under the
of Godfrey Buhrer lent much to
*ae occasion and the solos of Father Rob
ert Seenon were received with heartiest
appreciation by the large audience.
The performance was notably good. The
blblieaJ spirit was immediately felt and
the dlgnMed end noble lines were deliv
ered by the youthful performers with a
surprising truth of feeling. The Judas
of John Ivaneovich bore a touch of un
mistakable grersius and the Jechonias of
James Baclgalupl was a decidedly clever
The «-nd is represented In the ninth
scene. "It Is Finished." and represents the
rendlns of th» Veil of the Temple on the
reception of the word that the end has
come. The epilogue, a pictorial present
ment of the "Resurrection," completes
the new "Passion Play."
Chapter sixth, the "Appeal to Herod," is
not notably neceaeary, but the Interest
again etrengthens in the trial before Pi
late that follows it. Christ's immediate
presence is her* suggested by a bright
light thrown from the wingE. to which
Pilate addresses his exhortations for the
Master to defend himself from the charges
of the rabble. With a little better acting
on the part of the crowd, •which, how
ever, all through behave unusually well,
the presence of Christ could here be easily
Imagined.
Bo, too, in the scene that follows,
where, on the march to Calvary, the top
of the cross app«?ers moving along a. wall
in the background as if carried by the
Savior through the street.
Christ's Presence Suggested.
Obstacles Overcome.
Here, then, is the playwright's difficult
and delicate problem; to suggest the pro
viding presence and divine impulse of the
Christ, as a flower is suggested by its
perfume, as the sun's light is suggested
by the moon, Mary, too, must be thus
f«lt at least once in the sacred drama,
at the nativity, even if all the other wo
men of tiae New Testament must be omit
ted. Furthermore, the interpretation is
in the hands of a crowti of clever bu* in
experienced boye and produced in a tnea
ter remarkably well equipped for an ama
teur institution, but lacking in many of
the conveniences of the professional plat
form, altogether an almost Qulxotically
ditncult tack.
. s a play fer the purpose for which It
is written "Nazareth" is a distinct suc
cess. In spite of its Inherent limitations
a.nd a certain inevitable monotony of in
terest, there are (several strong situations
in the drama, notably the wounding of
Archelaus by Athelas, the remorse of
Judas and the rending of the Veil of the
Temple.
The play is divided into four "epochs"
and cine chapers, "the Star of Bethle
hem" suggesting the nativity opening the
cycle. The scene represents the plains of
Bethlehem and is a remarkably good ef
fort in the scenic line, by the way, and
the etar shines above the humble inn
¦where the tJavietrr he* come, and from
the hills above the shepherds are looking
down, upon, the small village of the Naza-
Tenes. To them come the wise men from
the East and emitsaries from Herod
tetking the new bern King.
Another pfcupesqim scene, is the second,
-.akiiitr place in Herod's court, where is
proclaimed the order for the slaughter of
the innocents, Judas then becomes the
central rig-ure and his 6uboming by the
high priebts and subsequent treachery is
the subject of the next three chapters.
"The Entry Into Jerusalem" is effective
ly implied in the third chapter.
"The Klse of Judas" Is related by the
Apostles and also the incidents of the
La*t Suprer.
responsible for California, being
eble to claim the authorship of the only
two American passion plays, but such is
the Eufnciently remarkable fact. To the
genius of Clay M. Greene the produc
tion of the second sacred drama, "Naza
reth," is due, and it was to-night given
for the first time, to eelebrate the golden
jubilee of the Jesuit College in Santa
Clara,
Mr Greene is e. graduate of the college
tad a well known dramatic writer, and
when last year he was requested to fur
nieh a play for the goidei» jubilee of his
elma mater, ha at once suggested the
passion play, long a favorite subject with
him. The usual difficulties in the way of
buch college productions were discussed,
the objection earrllegiaus; the objection
feinininee; the objectien of amateur ma
terial for its interpretation, and &o on;
but the playwright ewept aside all .ob
stacles by hie announced conviction that
a passion play might be written about a
suggested Christ; that the feminine fig
ures could be omitted and that the ma
terial to hand w&i» sufficiently adequate
for a g-ood and worthy presentation.
"Hamlet without Hamlet," without
Ophelia, without the Oueen mother, was
about the measure ef Mr. Greene's hercu
lean task, and that he has acquitted him
eelf admirably must be frankly admitted.
Whether or not the game is worth the
candle is another question, a sufficiently
important one to have persuaded the at
tendance of at least one Eastern manag
er, Joe Grismer, at the jubilee ceremonies
of a country college in far California.
Special DiexMteh to The CalL
By Blaach.0 Parttngton.
SANTA CLARA. May SL— It were
useless to enter Into the fasci
nating field of speculation as to
just what determining: causes are
"Nazareth" Proves a
Great Success on Its
Initial Presentation
3
Students Ably Por
tray Incidents in
the Life of Jesus
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;^'-
flrcT flrtli
->'•¦¦
When that cry sonnds how people ;
rash to help and sympathise I And
when some fireman rescues a •woman
from the flames, the
"^ffiiMjifk streets echo with ap-
aSaftllf plauding shouts. _
~^^rMfo/ And yet that
0Sf^^^^/f/ woman had perished
fi||^i|||^*?^£ in the flames it is pos-
WrWi[^i6r sible that she would
jifegjLg^C^^I have suffered less
than she sutlers al-
most daily from the
j^tJ^fcj^yggJi inflammation which
/ r5w?£«§Bl disease has lighted in
/* XfrHffi&s'M. the d^ icate wo^Ely
J^BSsaiil sjwf That fixe of inflam-
•<$^*T igplli^> mation can be put
©/i j-^hI b$P§^ ulcer can be cured.
$>liL re*S2«l rhr * pierc . e ' s Favorite
h&S^. . y$£$3& Prescription not only
Jjffift** establishes womanly
$]\X* m ~/£ :sts zjeZjL regularity and dries
ALlk ifH £«Br jpf^b^S drains, but
//yH£l 0 M K&1' heals inflammation
tylSCBIilr} Hw an< * ulcerations and
3£wS?^' If) bF/I cures f ema l e weak-
t%jllj nesa - It makes weak
» * . women strong and
" sick women well.
« I suffered for four years with what foor phy-
¦ tidans pronounced ulceration and prolapsus of
the nterus," writes Mrs. Ada Brooks, of Kirby-
ville. Taney Co., Missouri. "Also inflammation
of bladder and urethra. My case waa chronic
1 und complicated. Had sereral good physicians,
but kept setting worse. Had been confined to
my bed five months when I wrote to you. I .
; received yomr reply very soon and then dl»- '_,
missed ray physicum and began taking: Dr.
, Pietce's medicines. I took eight bottles of his
'; * Favorite Prescription • and ,* Golden Medical >
'. Discovery.' and began to get better at once. In
two months I could sit up in a chair, and kept
getting better. ' In four months could do all my
house work, including washing and sewing."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, . paper, covers, • is sent free on
receipt of "21 • one-cent stamps to pay
expense of. mailing only. AadrcM Dr..
- R. V.' Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.EXPERTS ARE MATCHED
TO PLAY FOR TROPHIES
SPORTS: HANDBALL, COURSING, ROWING, TENNIS, GOLF,
: ' •'• ¦¦.,'--•..¦¦¦¦ -'¦-,:,'^..' 1 »'-..'? > '-'>T.i.;» ,'¦;-• ,•¦..'-¦¦ ¦,-,¦;'•.- », -J .'...; .'~'\ .¦: ,-: :¦.-• ¦.:.-'¦'¦!'.:' :- ,'i 7 .': '* -"¦•,¦-'.'-•••.¦¦ '"'.'-' '¦'-.' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, jSATFRDAY^ JUNE 1, 1901.
s The j tournament will continue' three
nights in the week and will be opened, by
Jimmy White* and \ Richard Linihan.^ Lin
ihan i possesses - a powerful
swipe, and is as strong as a' bull.;' When
he lands on the ball . It strikes the- front
wall ; with speed. He. plays a -strong
game; but the wise ones think that White
will, take his measure. White is .a youth
weighing not ' more than 130 pounds, j { He
is j six feet tall and as fat as a telegraph
pole.,.- Despite his meagerness, he- is cap
able of puttlngup a wonderful game. His
left; hand is as good as his right, and he
can kill from the back wall, with either
mitt. iWhite also sends out a toss into left
court that will, keep the overhand swiper
guessing. Linihan j has beaten his youth
ful opponent a number of times, and it
It .will be a strictly " amateur; affair and
prizes will be awarded the victors and^ sec-;
ond place '. men ; in ; each class. ' A r player
losing a game will be dropped and the vic
tors will fight it out to the finish. Mt will
be- the survival of 'the fittest and every
player will extend himself to win.
There is no law to prevent a* woman
from planting herself, in front of , a mil
liner's show window and wishing she: had
a bank account of her own.
BALTIMORE. May, St.— Joe . Gans "of
Baltimore knocked out Bobby Dobba of
Minneapolis. * - in . - the . seventh round
of • a bout scheduled for - twenty rounds.
The. fight was all. Gans'. way. and a blow
in the stomach brought it to an end.
Gans Knocks Out Dobbs.
i . BALTIMORE. May/; 31.--T-A* twenty-mile
motor-paced ' race f was ;."wcn ; to-night',: by
Jimmy c . Michael J from :-i Watson '¦ Cqlenian
and - O. " ! - V. '^Babcbck - by • 3% laps. 5 [ Time,*'
33 :15 • 1-5. " ¦ Coleman $ and ; Babcock rode ¦ in
five-mile relays. • .x -----r .-¦*'¦? ¦.;'•;
Wins i'a Twenty-Mile Ride.
The Vereln "Deutsche Foerster", of the
German Order of Foresters, in conjunc
tion with the German-American Ciiclc of
the Independent Companions of the For
est; twill have its first annual: Dicr.Ic . at
Plittsville ' Park, Fruitvale, next Sunday.
There will . be games and races for old
and young, also dancing. -
Foresters' Picnic.
, CHICAGO, 1 : May .31.— His^Eminence,* the
winner," of i the '; Kentucky; 'derby,\ has been
sold by, F.-B.'.Van Meter ; to a New ,Tork
man at the reported; price "of < $18,000. '. The
New r. York man's ¦ name 7 has ;. not been
made) public: v • s \ ;; •-. V-' ¦••¦.".•¦¦¦ ".:•
Kentucky Horsed IsTSold .
. LONDON, May 31.— At . the Manchester
Whitsuntide meeting-, to-day 'J.*. Dawson's
brown filly Rambling • Katie, a four-yeax
old/.won the Manchester cup of 25Cfl sov
ereigns, added to a sweepstakes of £> sov
ereigns each; distance one and three-quar
ter miles.*'..:. Ferris' . Parquetry * was' second
and W. C.^Whitney's KilmarnocX II (I*
Reiff) was third." Twelve horses ian.
"Rambling Katie was a' rank outsider and
won - In ¦ hollow ; f ashler. , by f ou? lengths.
There was a head between Parquetry • and
Kilmarnock .11. . Whitney's ho(so was a
hot favorite and, started with jthe betting
2 tc 1 against him, but he never showed in
front.' s The • betting "¦ on ? the"- others was:
Rambling Katie, ? 100 * to Jr. ai&lnst; - Par
quetry,* 20 to 1 against. ¦;•/ -y V'-
Rambling Kate a AVirinerV
postponed last Sunday owing to rain, will
be held -on Sunday, June 9. ; The entries,
prizes j and officials will * remain .the same.
It i.-.-; expected .that the roads vrlll be In
much better condition on this date than
they were Just : prior - to last Sunday, in
which ¦ event fast time will be , made. -¦ '¦ .
The "Bay. City Wheelmen have held a
run ' to Lake - Pllarcitos, in :; * San Mateo
Country, ; annually for the last seventeen
years, and will go - there again to-mor
row,-under, the, leadership of Captain A.
E. J. Nye. It will be. a picnic run, the
commissary department being in charge
of Messrs. Day, Sheldon, Watters, Dodge
and Stangenberger. The run -will start
from Golden Gate avenue. and Polk street
at 8:30 a. m. •¦ : : ? V. -•
.The Bay City's 'midsummer jinks and
smoker <will be held a". week from : to
night,, and will be on a par with other
similar , gatherings of the club, which are
always interesting* and .well ', attended. ¦:.'
; The ' employes ' : of : ; Leavitt ' & : Bin will
hold, their . annual run to Camp Taylor
to-morrow, , as guests of the firm. >; There
will be about .twenty ; on - the ride,' under
the 'leadership of .'John; Leavitt.' :¦ '. ¦
Bicycle Notes.
The annual • 25-mile road race of the
California Associated Cyclists, which was
Robert Johnstone, the professional of
the San Francisco Golf Club, is playing
a strong game just now. On Decoration
day, after the play in the handicap against
bogey was over, Johnstone played against
the best ball of J. W. Byrne and B. D.
Adamson, beating it 3 up 2 to play on
eighteen holes. In his match Johnstone
made the two rounds in 39-39, equally
bogey, which is set at a low figure on the
Presidio course. The tie for second hand
icap prize between B. D. Adamson and
Charles Page will be played off this after
noon. B. D. Adamson is in good ¦ form,
having beaten John Lawson more than
once recently ia' match games.
At the annual meeting of the Sausalito
Golf Club held last Saturday in the guild
room of the Episcopal church at Sausa
lito the regular ticket was elected with
out change. During the week the newly
elected directors held their first meeting
I and chose the following officers: Major
T. W. M. Draper, president; Claude Ter
ry Hamilton, vice president: A. Starr
Keeler, secretary,* and H. Clay Miller,
treasurer, the remaining directors being
C. J. Foster, the Rev. A. C. Wilson and
W. G. Morrow.
To-day the Sacramento Golf Club will
formally open its clubhouse and links
with a tournament and reception. There
will be competitions for either sex, the
ladies who have entered being Mrs. W. F.
George, | Mrs. E. C Deuel, Mrs. L. 8. Up
son. Miss Edith Lynn, Miss Blanche Twit
chell and Miss O. Stevens. In the men's
contest the entries include W. F. George,
L. S. Uoson. E. C. Deuel, William Mur
cell, W. E. Lovdal, H. M. Burnside. W.
H. Davis, H. A. Fairbank, O. Stevens, C.
K. Lipman and H. A. French. The green
keeper and instructor of the Sacramento
Golf Club is Will J. Bradley, brother of
Mrs. Guthrie, housekeeper, of -the San
Francisco Golf Club. He was • for some
time with Dave - Stephenson at the Pre
sidio^ links. •
; Though cricket is somewhat overshad
owing golf Just now' in the Santa Cruz
Country Club, the directors are anxious
to encourage golf and hope that the vis
itors to the town ¦will play on the I club
links, which overlook the bay and are
distant only ten minutes' walk from the
Sea Beach Hotel. Of the women players
Mrs. W. Douglas Haslam .. is easily the
best, i her driving and approaching being
particularly strong/ The Misses Adell of
San Jose, Miss Ethel Coope 'and Miss
Doming are . also playing well. . Of the
men Paul R. Jarboe and Baron von Hiller
are considered the strongest players.
. ¦ - - - . .- •
GOLF CONTEST
AT SAN RAFAEL
The match, Pacific * versus Sacramento
Cricket Club, "set down for to-morrow at
Sacramento, has been postponed till the
next open? date, June 16, as the cricket
ground r of the capital city 'was under
water recently. • On ¦¦ June 9 the Alameda
team , will journey down to Santa Cruz to
play their first , match of the season
against the Country Club of that town.
: The Alameda versus Pacific match set
down for last Sunday was not played, as
the.team of the former club did not put
in an appearance on ' the field. It will,
however, be, played, to-morrow. The Ala
meda representatives will ' be selected
from the following: .G. J. Baugh, ; F. J.
Croll, J. J. Moriarity, W. J. Richter, A.
E.Chivers.B. Bird, A. F. Stahl. J. H.
Saunders, W.< G. Fortmann and »V. 'See
beck. . The following wil! be the Pacific
representatives:' H. ¦ C. Casldy, .captain;
Jonn, Myers, C. -P. Coles. A.-W. Wilding.
F. Bennion. W.> Petherick.-T J. ' J. Theo
bald, T. J. A:,Tiedemann,A.\'B. "Willis,
V. P. ' Sollom. • and ; D. £ Jamieson.
LOCAL CRICKET
TEAMS AT PLAY
It Is now certain that there will be a
rowing rc&atta. on Lake Merritt on In
dependence day, and there Is every rea
son to believe that It will be the most
successful one that the oarsmen have
had for several years. . The execu
tive committee in charge of the Fourth
of July celebration met in the rooms of
the Merchants' Exchange at Oakland on
Tuesday evening, and listened to the re
port of the committee appointed to look
after the entertainment to be given in
the afternoon of that day. The report
recommended a rowing and swimming
regatta and wa« adopted by unanimous
vote. The regatta will be in charge of
the afternoon entertainment - committee,
consisting- of District Attorney Allen, J.
J. Lea and Instructor Carroll of the Re
liance Athletic Club, but all the details
of the various events will be arranged
by the regatta committee of the Pacific
Association of the Amateur Athletic Un
ion. President Cerf of the Boating Asso
ciation of the University of California
says that the Berkeley oarsmen are anx
ious to take part in the regatta if they
can procure a suitable boat. The finances
of the affair are in very satisfactory con
dition, the City Council of Oakland hav
ing appropriated five hundred dollars,
and the County Board of Supervisors a
like sum, to the celebration fund. - A
committee has gone over Lake Merritt
End ascertained that a straight mile
course can be obtained. Over the greater <
part of the course there ¦will- be ten feet
of -water, and on the day of the regatta
the flood-gates at Twelfth street will be '
closed at high tide, thus securing a min
imum depth of five feet at the turn. The
races will be one and a half miles, with a
turn at the half distance. Spectators
will have excellent opportunities for see-
Ing the races, there being at least three
points affording a good view— the willows
rear Schilling's place, the Boulevard and
Twelfth street bridge. It has also been
ascertained that It will be easy to get the
rowboats to the Bcene of action, as
those from the Alameda and University
boathouses can be pulled down Oakland
creek up to the Twelfth street floodgates
and carried across the roadway to the
lake. The barges and outrigged skiffs
from San Francisco can be taken over, on
the creek boat and rowed up the estuary
to the same spot. It is probable 'that all
the city rowing clubs, except the Tritons,
will send crews and single scullers in
the regatta,, the prizes in which wiir be
much better than in the ordinary races
on the bay. , • » •¦*¦:
Last Sunday the Ariel Rowing Club
took the first step . - toward removing
from Long Wharf, several of the mem
bers working on the concrete piers for
the new boathouse. which it Is hoped to
have ready for occupation when the old
uuarters have to be vacated. The Pio-
Oakland Eager to flake
Regatta the Leading
Item of Celebration
on Independence Day
ROWING RACES *
ON WATERS OF
LAKE MERRITT
decided, an explanation is due the cours
ing public for the absence .of SIsquoctfrom
the- grand bunch of champions that! gave
the event such importance. That the
courser, did not appear t is not, because of
his lack of reputation or necessary .qual
ifications, for no dosr In the 1 history of
the game has kept befofe the public and
won the record that Sisauoc : has in so
short a space of time., Since Jimmy Dean
sold the hound back to D. J. Healoy'it
has been a- succession of victories for, the
Petaluma kennels, and in" the swell event
in coursing it was naturally, expected" that
Sisquot would not only be an entry, but
that second" money would be - the ; hardest
luck that could befall him. : • , ¦ ¦' ' '
¦ When the\ members ' of the . committee
were hustling for . the naming of dogs
for the big stake, Dan : Delury sought
Healey and asked* for the Drivilege • of
placing . Sisquoc to ". run • for him. Healey,
acquiesced, but conditionally: "Yes, Dan,,
you | may nominate , him, I and if he ¦ .wins
anything you can. have back youi ten
dollar entrance fee." was Healey's offer.
When it is considered that tha custom in
the Waterloo coursing stake, the world's
greatest event,- and in fact every other
kind of sport, is to divide all. winnings be
tween the owner and ' the nominator, it
can be imagined that the offer was not
tempting to Delury. To make • , himself .
better understood - Healey • ¦ declared that
the • honor of • winning .was r suillcient - rec
ompense for the nominator, and "that ; in
this case it must needs be, for those terms
were his ultimatum, >> , : . ¦' .¦ . ,
;. Somehow, the committee learned of the
affair, and "Delury was tola to look . for
some other flyer. As the time .for the
drawing came around Healey found -him-'
self with a champion courser trained and
on edge, but .without the necessary. com-,
mitteeman to" nanve his , dogr for,' the rich
prize event. , More , than ' one . member of
the committee mentioned t the 'fact' that
Sisquoc's : coursing * privileges ; for >the
stake had been. offered to him, but; after
hearing of Delury's experience, decided
that it was -due -as a. member of the .board
to resent • what was deemed an Insuit to
the California' Coursing, Committee, - and
Healey's later offer to allow ; the ! dog's
winnings to be equally divided .' was ig
nored. ¦ ¦ • •" ¦•'¦ ¦'.¦ ¦-::¦ : :.'•-"-. ' ; -. ' ~ ¦ '.; - ; "« •:¦?
That was the .reason ; of Sisquoc's non
appearance' in a stake where on his past
performances he might ':¦¦ have taken- at
least second money. .••.-• f.J'V'-;'"
George M.E.fi Malcolm' has: been elected
keeper • of > the stud . book for. 1901; , LV - F. ;
Barftls of Denver, : Colo.", president of the
American Coursing Board,- has m notified
Malcolm of I the I fact . and ¦¦ also I that | the
printing '¦ of volume ¦< 7 t of '¦ the . stud v : book i
will be. given to California. '-'¦-.'.: *:^ .*;
The California Coursing Committee held
its annual- banquet at Pelmonlco's on Sat-,
urday- evening : last: :The '> usual'.: popping
Of corks and other amusements were. kept i
up until 1 , a late hour.; -'' .:' ;. " • /
Now that the great California Count
ing Committee stake has been run and
Experienced Hounds and
High- Bred Puppies on
This Week's Programme
¦SAPLINGS- AND
CHAriPIONS IN
CLASS STAKED
• The .season _ will open at .Tahoe to-day.
While ..the' Btate' law permits all 'fishing
on ; the : 1st of April, , the fishing" in Lake
Tahoe ''and Its tributaries is closed' until
the 1st of 'June by an ordinance In effect
in Placer 'and El Dorado counties.
A&"the fishing • lias improved In Tahojg
every .year for some years, it is expected
that; the 'coming ' season will be a? good
one.:.: During -the i time the Fish , Conimls
sionmenwere using: their, seine ', to catch
spawn fish for the hatcheries I were
several large j Mackinaw troutJfcaptured.
One specimen weighed eight pounds. '.The
Fish Commission , has been liberating this
trout, I which is • a ¦ native of Lake j Michi
gan, -i in . Lake : Tahoe for some years , and
aijglers should begin to pick up the speci
mens.- Mrs.: M.- Lawrence . of Tallac suc
ceeded In landing - an eight-pound Macki
naw from ; Fallen Leaf Lake last season. .
' /The Loch Leven and the German brown
trout are getting to; be numerous 'n the
smaller lakes in the vicinity of , Tallac. _' : v
i^The - Fish . Commissioners .* began - their
spring ' distribution . of ! Loch Levin -and
Geriran ; brown, trout during the past
week.- This distribution is , confined .to
Jakes only, so that the 480,000 fry which
they have in the Sisson >¦ hatchery will be
liberated' in Tahoe. at -Taylor City./Mc-
Klnneys-and:.Taliac. -.They will >. also be
planted in Donner Lake and In the lakes
at ¦ Cisco. <. i None i of ithese ¦- fish f will be
planted in ; any * of , the i streams, ; as ¦> they
ar« not : considered • to be ; as good stream
flsh i as ¦ the ' native ¦ rainbow.^., v-; - r y ?-;¦;— » " ii
"The; Fish 'Commission',' will again take
up the black basa work next month.' -The
stock i for i distribution .will be taken . f rctn
the land-locked -waters, of • the r Russian
River ¦• and ¦; from ' the ' salt l Spring * ; Valley,
reservoir: above Miltonr Deputy M. L.
Ross -will be In charsre of r the.work. , '
r^J.-fA^Parraisor fished in'the estuary last
Satuiday and landed four bass. :•'."' .;• - ' . •'
* C. B.' Holly wood fished in.the same place
on -Sunday .a and f Monday evenings, and
landed' five "bass.V: The- two* he landed ion
the ; first * niffht ;\veighed : ten 'and % a, ;half
pounds -together .'and; the;, flsh 'he caugnt
on".Mcndayinight/averaged- from 'two; to
fctir; pounds in \ weight. 1 ¦ k
Walter Mansfield, John Selbe, Edward
Everett and a few others left on Wednes
day night for the McCloud River. They
will , stop at • Raymond's . cabin.; about
twelve miles above Balrd. They went in
over, .the new road. The fishing In the
McClpud this season has not been up to
the average. V Colonel Kelleher returned
a week ago and reported' that the season
has been rather unfavorable and the fish
ing unusually poor. - ¦. ; '
.The conditions on the Truckee have not
Improved. ¦ The weather was cold and
snow fell < during . the early . part "of the
week.. It will probably be another '.week
before" the river is in: shape. < The snow
wilLrile the water too ¦ much I for fly fish-
Ing. ':-¦¦: -¦ " ; ¦•'.¦.-¦¦¦¦•_¦'; *¦¦:'•'.¦'-¦" ¦¦":"¦¦ ¦¦¦'¦¦ 'A'*
Fishing in Coast . Rivers
Furnishes Good Sport
Work of Commission
ANQLER:5 ARE
NOW WHIPPING
TIANY STREAflS
The scratch singles tournament for the
championship of San Francisco, com
menced last Thursday, was ." productive of
many surprises. Bob Whitney, who was
thought to be going back In his game and
who has heretofore cut but 'little figure
in tournaments, upset calculations by
beating Harold Crowell and Drommond
McGavin, two^very good second class men.
Should he play the game Saturday that
he played on Thursday Bob Whitney will
8 tend a very good chance of beating his
brother George for the championship hon
, Another man who surprised everybody
was Ray Cornell. He hu always been
considered a very fair doubles player, but
In singles he ¦ has never accomplished
Thursday, In which he won- a set. caused
his stock to take considerable of a rise
Cornell is a good tournament player and
£?'£ Sm" 6 more practice will be able
to hold his own with any of the. second
class men. Chet Smith, one of the younr
est Players also surprised the on-lookera
by his all. around good work. Grant
Smith, wiio-waa In the poorest kind of
form, on Thursday almost went down to
defeat before Fred Brown, whom he was
expected to dispose of easily.
Th© match on Saturday between R. N.
\ tlney i and Grant Smith to determine
who will meet George Whitney In the fin
als should be a very good one. In prac
tice Whitney would probably beat his op
ponent without very much trouble, but
In a tournament Smith's chances of down
in? nls opponent are very good.
_Last year the Hardy brothers Journeyed
East to try conclusions with the cham
pions of that, section. At the close of
the season Surnner ranked twelve, while
Sam ranked twenty-two. This year the
Whitney, brothers have received a very
good offer from J. P. Gardner of the Ken
wood Country. Club, Chicago. The Whit
neys, who are now ¦ champions of the
coast. \Will undoubtedly go East this year
and as George is by far the best player
on the roast he should do great things
on the trip. The Hardys came within an
ace of winning • the Western champion
ship at Chicago and .the Whltneys beat
the Kardys in straight sets shortly after
their return. . ¦ - . •¦ ¦
/The next big tournament in the near
future is the singles for the championship
of the State. This event will b« played
on the. Fourth of July at San Rafael.
At 2 p. m.; to-day the two matches post
poned from Thursday.; will be played on
the courts of the California Tennis Club. >
Tennis Hen, Are Begin
ning Practice for State
fleet on July Fourth.
Whitneys May Go East
TOURNAMENTS
ARRANGED FOR
NEAR FUTURE
neer Rowing, Club seems to be doing lit
tle or nothing Just now, either In the
way of preparing for their approaching
departure from Long Wharf, or getting
ready for the coming regatta.
In the open stake— Real Article, Brutus,
Bona-Fide, , Wedgewood,'*' Anchor, The
Grafter, Random' Aim, Rollicking Airs,';
Best . Bargain,* Echo,? Rqund About. Nar
cissus, King Cotton, Honor. Bright,- Urlar,
Root, Hot Haste,- First Foot, Mose, Daisy
Clair, Vulcan. America, 1 War Eagle,"War
path, Back Flush, Little ' Sister, ¦' Charta,
Warship, Luxor,. Dewdrop, ¦ Buck, Fiery
Face, -Fine Fire; Snapshot,^ Gold Bug,
Royal Union, Greenhall, Sir Pasha, Roc
tor, Bonnie Pasha,' Roman' Athlete, Bow
ery Boy; Sara,' Vixen, Rosie Clair, Golden
Russet, Santonin," Bohe, Sweet Emma, St:
Helen,-. Rural Artist,; Game Boy, Spiteful,
Candelaria; Olita,** Vandal . and liberator.'
.' r Jake, Goodfriend 1 of th*e> Gold Dust ken-,
nels has gone to the Klondike.. His inter-;
est in the kennels has been.purchased by
his partner, F. A: Price. •. • *'¦ * •.-•¦- ..- ••
'On account of "pressure" of ibusinasci H. :
A. Deckelman has sold his kennel of dogs
,to J. H. Rosseter.y In< the; transfer wwe
Lawrence ¦,', Rocker, - Master ': Rocket, Pet
Kirby • . Ben •** Kirby," 1 Flyaway," Mountain
Beauty,> Glen Chloe,- Snapshot, ; and ' pup
pies by Emin'Pasha ; outof Flyaway; and
by Emin Pasha out of Pet Kirby.
The card for to-day and to-morrow at
Union Park is a good one, and consists
of an open stake of 112 entries and a; sap
ling event of 14 entries. - In' the big event
some of the best performers- on the local
field are in evidence, and the lot of young
sters in the other event are of the best
coursing blood. Frank McComb's fiery
Friend, of the Firm Fellow and /Real
Article blood, and two Royston-Fiery
Face puppies will go to the ¦ slips. The
latter were whelped, soon after Fiery
Face reached here. The Emin . Pasha-
Moonllght litter* is expected to show in
style/in this stake. ¦:, ¦
Glancer has been bred to Gallant Foe
May . ?2 and Fortuna Favente to ¦ Wave
May 24.; . "•¦¦¦ ¦•:-- f- '¦¦ v v " •; ¦ . -. '¦¦.
-.Winners .of to-day's events look to be:
Sapling ! stake— Fiery - Friend, | Reported
Absent.- Silver Coin,, Real Aristocrat, Ke
gal' Attire, Resident Agent and . Emin
Bey.--- ¦ ••".¦¦.,.• :-¦¦. ¦ : :,;, !•,¦'•.;- -'. ¦ ¦.::..
•• The election of officers resulted in the
re-election of .H. A. Deckelman as presi
dent and George M. E. Malcolm as sec
retary. J. Akleln was elected vice, presi
dent.' • . . ¦¦-¦'
Charles Gassagne and H. H. Lyon, of
Los Angeles, have returned home , after
a few days' visit. They took with them
F. A. McComb's Royal --Fashion and Sir
Van and the Gold Dust kennela* . Spring
back, ¦> having leased the coursing privi
leges of the • hounds for the season.
Martin Kerrigan will probably preside
In the' saddle in the Angel City. . Before
leaving the -gentleman from ; the south
ern city- announced that his terms, had
been agreed to. and 'all that was neces
sary to secure his services was the sign
ing, of papers. :\ ' >
Auckland and Master Clair, owned by
James- Carroll, divided the stake at Los
Angeles.. At Vallejo Lundin Links, Beni
cia Boy and Risky Attempt finished in
the order named. * ,
John B'-:tler and J. Lemmon will fish in
Lake Lagunitas. which opens to-day.
Good fishlnsc Is reported in the vicinity
of Sims on the Upper Sacramento.
The striped bass season closed to-day.
- — ¦ — ' ¦ , , . ; ~ ; : j ~^ . . • • . - -.•-..•¦-" - . . • ¦ jT- •
WELL-KNOWN PLAYERS WHO WILL COHPETE IN TQURNAnENT WHICH BEGINS TOMORROW AT SAN FRANCISCO HANDBALL ALLEY.
HA2CDBALL grows more popular
every day. Thousands of young
and old men are deriving pleas
ure and exercise from the old
Irish game. At the Olympio
Club the regulation court, which is con
ceded to be the handsomest and the best
fitted west of Chicago, is crowded daily by
devotees of the game. Among the clever
players who'are playing exciting rubbers
at the club are Charles Sullivan, Fred
Butz, George James, Jack Gleason, Henry
Rust, Tom Prendergast, Tom Walsh, Tom
Powers, Jack Tate, Oatle' Crable, Al
Hampton, James McElroy, Louis Levy,
Jim McElroy and a score of others. Mc-
Elroy's return to the game strengthens
the Olympic .lists materially. He threw
his knee out four months ago and it was
feared that he would not be able to. play
again. On Sunday last he had a try-out
and managed to play his usual good game.
Al Hampton is the star of the aggrega
tion. He Is practically in a class by hlm-
, . . ;¦ ' '
Olympic Club Members Rapidly Improving in the N Great Irish
\ Pastime— Courts Are Crowded With Players Who Are
Very Anxious to Become Expert and Win in Tournaments
HANDBALL ENTHUSIASTS
ARE ENJOYING THE GAME
The home of the game in this city Us at
Phil Ryan's' court, on'Howard street near
Fifth. Th© court .is known as* the San'
FiErciseo handball alley and it is here
that the best players -. In . the State were
developed.; For the last ten i years the
leading players of the world j have tried
conclusions here with the best' of the local
men. The great Casey and his equally
great partner, Dunn, have played some
e>.citing rubbers in this court. Jack Bon
net, the virtual champion- of . the j coast,
who may never be able to play again
owing to the injury to his leg sustained
in. a hot game at the Olympic Club; Law
less, Riordan; Jones,. the Australian cham
pion; Hampton, the Olympic Club expert,
and a dozen other sterling players, 1 have
repeatedly contested for supremacy In this
At the Occidental court, on- Grove street,'
games are to be seen every day. There is
a" club of nearly 100 member's at this court
and daily play is the rule. There are some
very clever men in the organization and
tlie game is of high order. . . ./'"'''"
self, but he Is modest enough to play with
the "novices." V
place., >/•'-,';; ./•..' - ; ' - --' ..' ;'•¦* : ' : '.;V,
The court Is responsible for the develop
ment of a score of young players, who al
ready bid fair- to, become future - cham
pions. '.'• Among the youngsters who are ca
pable of defeating the foremost players on
this', coast 1 are Jimmy .'White, .tall and
lanky, - but; possessed of a stroke that
sends the ball, to the front waJl with speed
and precision; '-'Midgy'.' Maguire; Joe Col
lins, who, despite poor eyes, is 'said to be
the best in' the alley; Ray. Murphy, Curley,
and others. •*;¦'•. '•- ' !
I Great interest is being taken in the big
'singles tournament which is to open at the
San Francisco handball court . to-morrow.
The best players in the .West are entered
and they are divided into three classes.'- A"
committee composed, of men familiar 'with
the playing of every 'entry \ will handicap
the players, - so ' that ; the games • will be
close "and interesting. In the first ' class
are Richard Linihan, the'overhandswiper;
J; Riordan; •* Jimmy White, Al Hampton,
Joe Collins, Jim Nealon, the aged but re
markable player, and' a dozen others'.. The
t'r.uttiament will start atl o'clock Sunday.
Foremost Players on the Coast to Meet in Contest at the
San Francisco^Handball Alley— Interesting Games Are
Scheduled for To-Morrow— Brilliant Matches Anticipated
remains to be seen whether ne can do
It; again. White plays better Hn warm
weather, and as this is the seascn for it.
he ought to be in his element. • "M. Mc-
Clure and T.' Serres will meet in ti*e sec
ond class " and D. McCarthy and \y. H.
Sleberst will open 'the ball In the" .third
class. , , • ' . ' \
' Following are the regular four-handed
games scheduled for Sunday: \
G. Hutch'inson and E. Maloney v»,
M. Dillon and P. Kelly; T. Foley and P.
Talo vs. D. Regan and E. Barry; A. Mc-
Vicker and T. Lydon vs. I. Condon and
W. F. Stapff; W. Williams and D. Con
nelly vs. M. Joyce axjd T. McManus; M.
Basch and P. Ryan vs. N. Fisher and G.
B. Hay ward: D. McDonald and P. Me.
Intyre vs^ M. McNeil and G. McDonald:
J. Riordan and W. Maguire vs. J. Collins
and E. Curley; J. C. Nealon and T. Leach
, vs. M. J. Kilgallon and A. Hampton.
4The Pretty Operetta \ "Marsh King" Will Be Sung, Danced
' , and Pictured at the Alhambra This Afternoon by a Hun
dred Young People to Raise Funds for Children's Hospital
BENEFIT PEgiORM^eE
FOR A WORTHY CHARITY
THE-CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
. STANFORD : ITN1VKRSITT, May 3L—
Ground' was broken- to-day for .ther con
struction of the new Sigma Alpha Epsllon
Fraternity house. The building will be
situated on ¦ Salvatiera avenue. The col
onial style of architecture will be followed
throughout. . It will be one of the hand
somest fraternity lodges: on the campus,
and ; will cost $11,000.
New Fraternity House.
One" mile — Conundrum won. Sculptress seo
ond. Form third. Time, 1:42%.
Six furlongs, selling— Orimar won, Vulcaia
second. Jlminez third. Time, 1:13%.
Five, furlongs — The Esmond .won. Legal
Maxim second. Hargis third. Time. 1:01%.
Free handicap, one mile — Reseda, won, Bonsy
Boy second. Ohnet third. Time. 1:40. »
Mile and twenty yards, selling— Blue Dick
won Laureate second. Lee King third. Time,
1:42%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Emma C I won.
Uncle Tom second. Impromptu third. Time.
l:29H- . . . . .
TORONTO. May 3L— Results: . .,> v
' Six furlongs— Horsa won. Algis M second.
Rasselas third. Time. 1:13%. ." -
Five furlongs — Sailor Cadmus won. Canesa
second, Rathllght third." Time, 1:03^5-
Six furlongs— Devil's Own won, PanJo sec
ond, Euclalre third. Time. 1:20%.
Steeplechase, two miles— -Mystic Shrlner woa.
Last Fellow second. Reiff third. Time. 5:10.
Five ¦ and a half furlongs— Pharoah won.
Tyrba second, Souprepe third. Time. 1:13.
¦ Mile and a sixteenth— Free Lance won, Silver
Garter second. Highland Prince third. Time.
1:54. ¦ • - • .; • ¦
Five- and a half furlongs — Scorpio won. Edla
borough second. Lofter third. .Time, l:l<H-j.
One mile, selling— Swordsman won, Ida Car
bery second. Jim Breeze third. Time, 1:42%.
Four, fnrlonga, purse— Wlssendlne won, Mag
gie Clopton second, Anna Elliott third. Time,
Four and a half furlongs — Pressover ¦won.
Precisely second. Bill Fritz third. Time, :56.
Six furlongs— Ethel Wheat won, Miss Aubrey
second, Slnfl third. Time. 1:15.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Albert F.
Dewey ¦ won. Silver Coin second. Satin Coat
third. Time. IMS',,.
Seven furlongs, selling— Mlsa Patron won.
Elbe second. The Singer third." Time, 1:30.
NEW YORK,' May SI.— Gravesend summary:
Six furlongs — Golden Fox won. Mayor GllroT
second. Dr. "Riddle third. Time. 1:13 3-5.
Mile and a sixteenth — Sadie S won, Th*
Rhymer second. Humboldt third. Time. 1:50.
Five furlongs— Francesco won. Nugget sec
ond. Shandonfleld third. Time. 1:03 2-5.
May stakes, about six furlongs, selling'— Th»
Regent won. GlennelUe second. Colonel Paddea
.third. Time. 1:12 1-5.
Mil© and an eighth— First "Whit won, Aa
dronlcus second, Alsike third. Time, 1:57.
Five furlongs— Sister Juliet won. Disadvan
tage second. Chirrup third. Time, 1:03.
CINCINNATI, May 31. — Newport, summary;
Six and a half furlongs— Napoleon 'Bonaparte
won. Ida Penzance second, Laura's First third.
Time, 1:22.
Five furlongs— Rose of Red won. Easter Boy
second. "Wanlnta third. Time. 1:03%.
Six and a half furlongs — Caloocan won.
Baffled second*. Brown Thrush third. Tims,
1:221
One mile— Locust Blossom won, Peter Duryea
second. Charles Estes third. Time, 1:41%.
Four and a* half furlongs— Tambourine H
iron. Miss Gaines second, Baccie third. Time.
:55%. • ¦
Six and a half furlongs— Marlon Lynch won.
Dr. Fannie second. Julia Rose third. Tima.
1:22.
CHICAGO. May SI. — Hawthorne summary:
Summary:
third race was rounding: the far turn at
tho Fair- Grounds to-day Dr. Crowley
stumbled and fell,' Staocles, Schwarzwald
and 'William K falling over him. Moon
and R_ Murphy were rendered uncon
scious and were still in that condition
when' the, day's sport ended. M. E. Mat
thews'had a leg broken at the hip, and
Houck received a. bad shaking up. Harsh
berger^was set down indefinitely for his
ride on La, Desirous in the last race.
ST. LOUIS. May 31.— As the field In the
Disaster Happens When
the Field Is Rounding
the Far Turn in a Race
HORSES FALL
AND JOCKEYS
£0- ARE INJURED
Reno Hutchinson looked after the inter
ests of the Blue and Gold. The Cardinal
had its football manager present, and
Pete Smith represented the Reliance Club
of Oakland.
The managers held an informal discus
sion and decided to commence the sched
ule on October 23. The athletic clubs will
alternate, in playing the varsity elevens
and will then meet for a championship
pennant as ia former years.
Smith said the Reliance Club would
put forth a strong eleven. He stated that
the club had among its members some of
the old university players and men who
had played on Eastern college teams.
It ia the purpose of the Olympic Club
to put forth an eleve nthat will uphold
the club's reputation in athletics. Charlla
Fickert, ex-captain of Stanford's victori
ous eleven of 'W>, will captain the Olympic
Club team. Such sterling players as
Greisberg, Hopper. Code and a dozen,
others will be on- the team. The club will
see that they are properly trained, and
Al Lean, the club trainer, who has had
considerable experience with football
teams, will have the men in hand.
The Olympic Club will hold a swimming
tournament on the evening' of June 12. On
June 16 the regular cross-country run
from Mill Valley to Willow Camp will b©
held under the direction of George James,
the club's captain. The club will furnish
a sumptuous repast at Willow Camp and
tho members will sharpen their appetites
by a leisurely jog over the hills to tho
charming spot. This run is extremely
popular, and more than a hundred mem
bers make It ' each year.
On or about June 7 a handball tourna
ment - for - the championship of the coast
and the Melrose cup will be held at the
club. ' All the experts will compete. A
tournament exclusively for club members
will . follow. ... ' . .¦;
James represented the winged "O" and
fornia and Stanford and the Reliance and
Olympic clubs will put forth strong elev
ens to contest on the gridiron.
A meeting of the managers of the vari
ous teams was held at the Olympic Club
yesterday. Jerry Slumma > and Georgo
There will be four football teams In th«
field this year. The universities of Cali-
- • ¦ — .
Athletic Clubs Will Put
4. Forth Trained Elevens
Against College Teams
STRONG TEAHS
WILL PLAY
FOOTBALL
FIRE IN MATTRESS FACTORT.— A fire
broke out in. the California Lounge • and . Hat
•tress ¦¦ Factory.' 2237 Folsom ; street, yesterday
afternoon and caused $100 damage before it
wu extlrruished. WtWBl
Fpecial 75-yard race— T. A. Wolfe vs. 11.
Helckeii.
SO-yard dash. Juveniles— A. Touns, E. Sher
man, W. Fisher, J. McClennan. H. Diamond.
B. Anderson, B. Clarkson. II. Murray. W. Bey
?tf; P. Bund bur*. W. Welch. A. Deerlng. D.
Mullen, A. Watson. W. Lynch. H.- Knapp. W.
Miller. A. Newman. H. Anderson, W-. Hirch
field, C. Donovan, B. Ferrill. B. White. F.
Higelow, H. MIsh. J. Watson, U Ottenhelm, H.
Alexander. A. Metzgrer, A/ King, H. rtath
m^ytr. \
"Under water swfmmla«, tub race, high diving
frr boys— O^en to all. ¦ -
100-yard race, amateurs— H. Griswald. A.
'<*ourtney. L. Harper. V. Sandal. S. .Finnlgan,
W. Stockton. O. Schultz. J. Bevlns, O. Freeth.
"VV. Daweett. J. RlngTose. n.- Riding. G. Crow
der. H. McKenzie. A. Clayton, H. Dodson, O.
, Beyf uss, J. Hunt. A. Springer. F. Moody. W.
Adams. W. Armacoet. E. Lynch, II. Heinz, E.
WpIIk. A. Martinez, D. Kerwln. C. Crist.
"Trick and fancy springboard diving— T. Me-
Klllop, F. Paine, D. McCann. C. Augustus, H.
Wilson. M. Carmody. J. Mclntyre. P. Reilly,
I* Baudaln. E. Wlnneid.L.Grueman. J. Dol
lar. J. KIngrose. M. JohnRon, D. McGurren, C.
Ixindln. R. James. H.- Alexander. A. Metzger,
H. llathmyer. »"•-'•• - '
raveney Shortstop Buckingham
rashman. Left field Tyrrell
Murphy Center field Reilly
McL<«?od Right Held Brittaln
Smith s Extra Hopkins
MeStaker .'. Extra Voss
»
Swimming at Sutro's.
The swimming races at Sutro batha to
morrow and the entries are as follows:
-Brown (captain).. Pitcher Mane
I'owers Flr«?t base McCarthy
. I mnnlsran Second. base Beban
Hardy ..Third base..De la Fontaine
(captain)
Jonefc
...Catcher .' — Ahrens
Never in the history of the local Post
office has so much baseball Interest bee i
shown as in the coming- game between
the Postoffice clerks and the letter-car
riers, which will take place on Sunday,
June 9. at Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
In the clerks' team Managers O'Donncll
and Brown have signed the best talent
in the office, some being- familiar faces
of the old California League. The ca-
riers are practicing daily between trips,
and Manager Yost Is confident of carry-
Ing off the highest honors with his cham
pions. The line-up is as follows:
P. O. Clerks. Position. Letter Carriers.
Postoffice Game.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennia. e. f 6 0 0 0 2 11
Strelb. L £.. 4 2 10 10 1
necker. lb 3 0 0 0 9 10
Arrellanes. 2b 4 2 2 0 4 3 2
minleavy. e. e 4 2 3 12 2 2
Babbitt, r. f 4 0 10 111
Moore, Sb 4 10 0 2 3 0
Tjohman. c 4 110 6 2 0
Held, p 4 12 0 0 3 1
Totals "...36 9 . 10 1 27 16 8
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Derereaux, e. e. ...... 4 12 0 2 6 1
McLaughlln. 1 f 4 2 3 13 10
Courtney. 2b 2 2 113 3 0
Iwyle, r. f. & p 5 10 10 11
MeGucken. c f...... 6 0 1 0 0 0 0
Hanlon. lb 5 1 0 2 10 1 0
Stanley, c 3 1 0 0 8 0 0
Fh«*han. 3b > 1 0 0 10 0
Etricklett, p. & r. f . 3 1 2 00 1 0
Totals 31 .10 8 5 27 IS 2
RUNS AND HITS BT IJCNIXGS.
Oakland 1 00013S10— 9
• Base hits 00001132 1—8
"Sacramento 0 0 4 2 0 2 0 2 0—10
Base hits 2 02101020—8
SCMMART.
Runs reejMsnelble for— Held 3. Stricklett 6.
Home runs — Held. Courtney, Lohman, Strick
lett. Three-base hits— Arrellanes 2. Sacrifice
hit— Courtney. First base on errors— Oakland
1. 6acramento 6. First base on called balls—
Off Held T. off Stricklett 5. off Doyle \. L«ft
on bases^ — Oakland 8. Sacramento 7. Struck
«ut— By Held 6. by Stricklett 7. Hit by pitcher
Jiecker. Babbitt, Stanley. Double play—Dev
?•reaux to Hanlon. Wild pitch— Stricklett
Time of game— 2:40. Umpire— Tyler. Scorer—
Rutherford. '"\\
Gilts Win Farcical Game.
SACRAMENTO. May 3L— The game
this afternoon was a comedy of errors,
Sacramento ¦winning by a score "of 10 to S.
Tyler, the new umpire, was all at sea,
all of the time, and turned the comedy
into a farce. His decisions on balls and
strikes were bad. on bases they were
wore*, and he 'allowed the players to dis
pute Wm at will and wrangle together for
ten and fifteen minutes at a time over
every close decision. In consequence it
Took two hours and forty minutes to play
the game. Held pitched for Oakland, and
pave seven men free tickets to first, but
was hit safely only eight times. His sup
port made eight errors. Stricklett, who
officiated for Sacramento, was hit seven
times, walked six men and hit Babbitt
and Decker. Score:
Totals 40 1 6 0 33 20 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San .'Francisco ....0 000000000 0—0
Boee hits 1 0111200111—9
Los Acg-eles 0 000000000 1—1
Base hits .v.l 0 111 01001 0—6
SUMMART.
Two-base hits— Householder. Pabst Sacrifice
hits— Kelly 2. Nordyke. First base on errors —
San Francisco 1, Loe Angeles 4. First base
on called bails — San Francisco 3. Los* Angeles
— Left on bases — San Francisco 6, Los Ang«
!es 9. Struck out— By Evans 8, by TKTialen 1,
by Hartwvll 6. Double plays— Householder to
Bri6eno; Briseno to Kelly to Hutchinson;
Householder to Hutchinson. Time of game —
£:1j. LTmT>ir<? — J. O'Connell. Official scorer —
IT. S. HcFarlin.
Tltal» .— ..S7 0 0 1 32 13 5
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhca. xf. .; 6 0 10 10 1
Hutchinson. lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 0
Householder, cf. .... 6 0 3 0 4 2 0
Fpies, c. 5 0 0 0 6 2 0
<i. ReiUy, Sb 5 10 0 0 10
Kelly, b. 6 3 0 1 0 3 8 0
Bowman, If. 4 0 0 0 10 0
Briseno, tb. 6 0 1 0 6 6 0
Hartweh, p. 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
have been reversed, i
In that Inning C Rellly led with a
Bmash toward first bag whicii Nordyke
tried to intercept. Evans ran over to
cover the bac, but was several feet frcm
it when the ball was thrown to him. Thus
R«illy cot a life where he should have
been retired. Kelly sacrificed him to sec
ond. Briseno, the boy wonder, followed
next and drove an easy one to Krug, who
threw low to first. The bail wandered
past ICordvke and over to. the bleachers,
allowing Rellly to travel home. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. EB. PO. A- E.
Hlldebrand. It .... 4 0 2 0 10 1
Schwartz. 2b. 4 0 1 0 2 3 0
Krugr, B. e 6 0 2.1 3 51
Pabst, lb 4 0 10 8 0 0
Nordyke, rf. & lb.. 4 0 0 0 5 0 1
Croll. ct 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Graham, c 4 0 10 9 10
J. RelUy. Sb 4 0 10 0 10
Whalen. p 0 0 0 0 0 2 0
Evans, p 3 0 10 0 12
Iburg, rf. 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Roy Evans was substituted, and, al
though somewhat amiss in his fiel* 4 - »?,
pitched splendid ball, allowing but five
scattered hits and striking out eight
men. If he had exercised a little more
care in the eleventh, the result might
The aggregation from the orange belt
turned the tables on the locals yesterday
by a score of 1 to 0 in an eleven inning
game replete with many brilliant plays
and several Incidents that were not en
tirely baseball. To start the ball a-roll
ing, Jhnmle Whalen' s career, at least
for the major part of this season, was
brought to a sudden close. While run
ning bases in the early part of the third
he turned his ankle on the second bag,
thereby fracturing one of the small bones
of the foot. Such Is the ironv of fate.
Recently his salary was increased oa ac
count of good work in the box.
Single Run Was Made in
the Eleventh— -Whalen
Breaks Bone in Foot
ANGELS WIN
IN AN EXTRA
INNING GAME
. COOPER iTRIAL", SBT.r-The,. trial : of > "Sir"
. Harry i"Westwood -.Cooper , for > sending ; a ¦ f orsed
telegram .to Mlsa h Nora t Schneider,, whom : he
! married: was yesterday set for next Monday in
Judge Cook's court.'-: ' . ,•_¦ • •¦¦ ¦•
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 31.— Inability of
the ranchers In the Salt River Valley to
secure laborers to gather the hay and
grain crops has assumed a j most serious
form, and unless . help comes soon - the
damage will be very heavy. Much of the
first crop of alfalfa is spoiling in the
fields because enough men cannot be'en
eaped to care for It, and the second crop
will be ready in a few weeks. The largest
grain crop ever known in this Territory
is ripe, but much of it will be ruined un
less men can be found to handle. It. . *
\ Heavy Bebt of a Doctor.
CHICAGO; May 3L— Orlando E, Miller,
a Chjcago physician, filed : ' a petition 'in
bankruptcy to-day, scheduling an indebt
edness of $585,000. with no assets. Most of
the 4ebts were contracted in Denver pre
vious to . 1899. Miller was a large stock
holdei in the Commercial ' National Bank
of that city," now insolvent ' t,-. y.
. Demand for. Harvest Hands.
STOCKTON, May 3L— The police are en
gaged In a search In this city for Mrs.
Ludora Skelton, with the expectation that
when they, find her. they will' uncover a
crime. .Olva O. Sage, a brother, and Mrs.
Sage, the mother of the -unfortunate
young woman, are assisting in the search.
Should the girl bo found alive * the ' rela
tives will. It is claimed, •. immediately
swear to a complaint charging a Merced
physician with having performed a crimi
nal operation. . Should she be found dead
the charge may be murder.
The young woman lived with her mother
and brother at Legrande. -She. was en
gaged to be married „ to W. H. Kroh , a
clerk In a Legrande store. ¦ .'¦
. Recently the young woman confessed to
her mother that she had been, under a
physician's care..' Kroh was . accused , by
the brother and ¦ promised to marry the
girl.- ¦ . ' ¦ ¦•' ,. -' ' -.. , , ¦•..¦ .- v
On Sunday night Mrs. Sage and, her son'
were off. their guard and the young wo
man was removed from the house. - She
was traced to this city/ -She reached here
on the early -¦ Santa Fe train
morning. From the Santa Fe " depot no
further trace of her has been found. ?.-W.-
Mrs., Skelton has;been a singlft^woman
for about two years.. She is 23 years;old,
5 feet 4 inches in height,' of medium build
and; light 'complexion. .'^ She is rather; pre
possessing. She has a slight defect in her
left eye, ¦ - - - _^.. . ¦ . •
Merced Physician , May Be Charged
With Having Caused Her
• Death.
STOCKTON POLICE SEEKING
;. r MISSING YOUNG WOMAN"
V- LODI,' May" SI.'— Rev. ," W. ;H. -Springfield
of , elopement ; notoriety ¦ has ; returned." >: He
¦ has '. taken : up i. his ; abode a'f few/, hundred
yards. from the homo L of Miss,; Frances
Kershaw," the .niece; .', whose '¦; name " ; has
been: linked. with his In the charges made
,by ; the i minister's * wife. -. Springfield £ de
clares leave'asrain.- • ..':?•;¦,_»
Parson r Spring^field . Returns.
srrand larcenv. ; . r' ' ; ' '¦'. ''¦ -.¦'¦ <:*¦'",
- r Last j August . McDonald enlisted . in
Troop ' F; Sixth ; Cavalry. Within thirty
days, and just as his regiment was to sail
for Manila, j he deserted. He came to ¦ this
city l " and * passed ; - under : ; the ; name v ; of
Charles ' J. O'Neal.' He" met Mrs.' James, a
widow residing at 120 ..West San • Fernando
street, '.and'" their -acquaintance ;. ripened,
into < love ¦ so fast . that . three ¦; months "ago
he * married : her. • Last -Tuesday he ( de
serledhis^ wife, taking with him .what few
dollars *she. nad-and a gold- watch: and
chain. "After waiting a few days for I her
spouse to return Mrs. O'Neal charged him
with ¦ grand ; larceny. ' : •" "•,.," :
•? McDonald '.was' arrested s In San Fran
cisco by Sheriff Langford- last, night 'and
brought 'back - here to-day.." His / re
bemblance .to McDonald, .the f- deserter,
who had-been hunted for by the army of
ficers since > last - August I l was i so * striking
that he was accused of being the cavalry
man.';. Finally , he confessed. ¦ :¦".''< :
- SAN- JOSE, May 3L— Benjamin McDon
ald, who deserted from the United States
army > and sought to hide i his identity : in
a'' matrimonial •: adventure, is ". in ¦ the > toils
of the law and' will " be . returned to ; th»
Presldio,> where; he must answer . for ' his
off ense.V Besides. this, he is charged' with
Fugitive Soldier Hastens His Capture
by Stealing His Wife's
Belongings.
DESEB.TER lyEcDOlTAXD , .V C
ht san Jose's ; jail
SACRAMENTO, May 1 31.-At a meeting
of the State Board of. Agriculture to-day,
J. W. Wilson, -who had . served '• on" the
board for many. years,' announced his,re
tirement and bespoke for ,. his .;, successor,'
Charles B. : Palrie,'^ ;the same/. courteous,
treatment alwayp accorded himself. : The"
thanks of : the Agricultural Society were
ordered ' extended to Mr. "Wilson for his
long and' eflicient: service. , ; .
*On motion • of ; Director. Terry, -\ seconded
by Director -. Barrett, .A. \ B. * Spreckels of
San Francisco was unanimously ¦ re-elect
ed president of the Agricultural - Society '
The ¦ secretary '¦ was , inntructed < to ' tele
graph to Mr.-. Spreckels that^the- board
would decline to : consider : the i resignation
he had : sent- In, at- the same time com
municating .to him .f. the -j, board's best
wishes. The re-election of -ex-Senator
Frederick ¦ Cox . as . vice . president was
made unanimous. . • \-\ ... . • ¦ i~. ¦:; , • ,
i It .was . decided to' pass indefinitely [ the
matter- of - the ', election .of a 'secretary
The , prominent candidates ' for ; the > posi
tion are .'J.-i J. 1 Keegan - : of . San .Francisco/
Harry ' Lowden of ¦ Alameda, * and ' George
.W.- Jackson ¦> of 'Sacramento. '.,-«; . - ..
Director Johnson was ,' elected superin
tendent of. the pavilion and Director John
Mackey; superintendent } of. the '. park.? . It
was decided that 1 the >: next State ~ Fair
should be held from September 2 to 14; ••It
.was announced ' that ' Secret ary^ of "Agricul
ture w.had r consented to allowing
Major. H. B. Alvord, head of the Bureau
of . Animal Industry ¦ of : the Agricultural
Department;: to : judge the cattle fat?- the
approaching. State; Fair. - : ; •
• The K following committees .were '¦'. ap
pointed:^ 1 ; ;.';• ;:
V Finance—^Directors Cox, \ Terry sand Rush.
, Printing . ¦ and „ publication,— Directors ' Johnson,'
Covey.* and' Chamberlain. , t ' ' '. ,.^,-».-.<
'¦¦¦ Library— Directors . ," Chamberlain,/ Paine -'¦' and
Rushr>- *'.'' •• *¦''•.' '• :; - -• -' '¦'*'?".: -• .'. m; " -:-.\ ;
~t Speed- progranime— Directors ~? Terry, ! .Covey,
Paine and the assistant secretary. *>•••'.*• **kH
- Legal — Directors Henehaw, Johnson and Har
ELECTS A.' B. SPGREC7KELS
TO SUCCEED v -EJ3SSS3J2
The Board of Supervisors held Its final
sessions for the . purpose . of- considering
the tax budget prior to its adoption next
Monday, " yesterday afternoon and even
ing.,.,; ; ¦ .. v ' : ' . - . - .. • ¦,•
The board met in the afternoon to hear
representatives r of the " various Improve
ment clubs in opposition to allowing the
Board of Public Works : certain amounts
for specified purposes. : George I* Center
of the : Mission ! Clubs objected . to spend
ing 515.000 for the Investigation of public
utilities | and to. paying . salaries . for what
ho , deemed | superfluous positions. Center
thought that $40,000 for the Bureau of En
gineers was too . much. ' ¦.
"The machinery of the Board of Public
Works ; is - too : big' for .'.this city," said
Center.-; • "Too much money, is paid in
salaries, but I cannot suggest what posi
tions should be abolished; that is for this
board' to determine." ' ,
Commissioner . Manson, .- In reply, said
that the statement made by Center that
$65,000 is expended in salaries, and only
$200,000 worth of work done is incorrect.
He said that the force 'in the Bureau of
Streets ; was Inadequate- to the. work and
that the subordinates .wero obliged - to
work nights " and Sundays. '
. !>.''- Cole, opposed the repaving of Va
lencia, Polk and Bush - streets ' on the
ground that 'the. property owners should
make ; Improvements on • accepted streets
at their own expense.' -
. . At the evening session the board - took
up 'the .budget* item ; by ¦ item' as recom
mended by 'the Finance Committee. Reed
made. an effort to place the appropriation
tf c 115,000 for. ; public j utilities under, the
control I of I the Board * of Supervisors " in
stead of the Board' of Public Works,' but
his motion received no. second- The sum
of $600 was appropriated to ; continue *C11
tus Barbour,- In his position of. expert. to
codify, the ordinances. 'An attempt was
made to consolidate * the ;¦ offices -- of .the
City- Architect* and > Superintendent of
Buildings, but, the motion was lost. Pro
vision was' made ; for the -increase of jan
itors" salaries ¦ to ; $2 50 per" day. " i
'.-The- Items 'changed bythe;board In the
Finance . Committee's • recommendation,
which > has already been published," are as
[follows:; ;•>.. '":":-': v • " ' %".'•••
'Burlaliof Indigent dead. ' ¦¦ from $4500'to ,|4000;
burial i of ¦ ex-Union ' soldiers, $3000 to i $2500 ; mu
nicipal '.¦ reports, , $6000 .'¦ to ; $5000; - Poundkeeper,"
$10,200 to $8000: stationery and printing:. ¦ $26,655
to ¦ > $27, 655 ;:'-.. furniture ;: for * : public - build-'
Inge, r% $69S»'"- ; -to ¦¦ $S9S0: telephone service.*,
$8500 -".-to" "^ $7400; • maintenance of- 'minors
In " Magdalen rAaylum. $7500 to . $7000; lighting
streets and. public buildings,' $260,000 to $257,000;
trial Jurora in criminal cases, $13,000 to $16,000;
Coroner.: $19,220 .to $20. 710r publishing delinquent
; tax list,. $3500 to $3000; Grand. Jury -expenses.
$2000 : to ¦ $1500 ; ' law and - motion calendar. • $2400
to $1500; Police; Judges,, $21,600, to $24,000. which
provides for an • additional stenographer. ; ¦ "
: .The 'i board: adjourned; to meet .this:af
ternoon.--^ ¦¦-. '¦'" --. ;*'• - ' J ;¦: .; - 1. ':' ' . • . ¦¦ . » •-„¦
Supervisors ) Hold Final
Sessions to Fix Ap
propriations.
STILL FIGURING
ON TAX BUDGET
lighting company of the ".under- world,
and to . see how at • last Love leads cap
tive the great > king and the prisoned
mortal, Roland, is free. The Third Artil
lery band will play and the whole after
noon will be filled With the delights of
dancing, singing, brilliant electric effects,
and lovely costumes.
GRAND SCENIC PRODUCTION
OF "MARSH KING" BY CLEV
ER AMATEURS. ." " "V
CINCINNATI, May 31.— In Covington,
Ky.', to-night, »Mrs. : Kate Hester, aged 33
years, after a quarrel with her. husband,"
Ottie, aged 42 years, at the supper tablo,
shot and killed him,' as well as their three
year-old daughter, after which she • put
the revolver to her j own head • and jj blew
out her brains. •
; The cause of the quarrel Is not known.
An argument was heard, in the dining
room at 7 o'clock and a few minutes later
several shots were heard. After shooting
both her husband and daughter. Mrs. Hes
ter locked ¦ the door and shot herself, her
lifeless body being, found beside that of
her daughter. .,-.• ' , -.
It' has ¦ been heard ' from neighbors •. that
Mrs. Hester was jealous of her husband
and repeatedly threatened to kill him.
Hester left home early this, morning and
did not return until this evening.. He was
a saloon keeper and prominent among tho
sporting fraternity, in Covington.
Kentucky Woman Com
mits Double Murder
¦ and Suicide.
Charity is lovely and praiseworthy, but
it won't be all for charity that people
will go to the Alhambra. They will go to
see those moonbeams dance; to hear
those froggies sing; to see those dire
conspirators, Marion Mitchell and Hope
Cortelyou, plotting with Grlnetto. the
prime minister, who is Eileen McCurrie;
to see those charming pages, 'Herbert
Langhorn, Milton Farrar and John Nich
ols, ever in attendance upon his majesty,
King Flamado:to see that wonderful
goblin band who form- the great street
KILLS HUSBAND
AND HER CHILD
THIS will be a gala day for the
children— the last matinee before
' vacation, and .after that the
• country.' "It will take more j than,
a thousand chUdren; with an ap-
propriate sprinkling . of parents g and
guardians, to filly the Albambra so full
that the little hearts at the Children's
Hospital will ber«nadei, joyful by the re
sult. But with' that 3 new. , and ' delightful
attraction, the "Marsh King," ¦"- sung,
danced and pictured by a hundred* chil
dren of Alameda, there should be no va
cant . seats. '
On Wednesday evening, June 5, a meet
ing of the Pacific Inter-Club Yacht Asso
ciation will , be held at the "Merchants' Ex
charge, • at .which delegates ' from I the ; San
Francisco, ". Corinthian and California
Yacht clubs, and possibly also from, the
Kncinals, will be. present. As three clubs
only are necessary to maintain the exist
ence of. the Inter-Club •Association, its
continued - life seems assured, and it ia
most probable . that the South Bay and
Vallejo clubs will also come In.'
, To-day and to-morrow are open dates
on tho schedules of the California and
Corinthian Yacht clubs, i- ' .
Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop Cygmus started on
"Wednesday "evening on a, four-days' ¦ trip
to Napa,- • ¦•.;•. •• - - ,
H. R. Slmpkins' yawl Tramentana start
ed'out on Tuesday morning for a cruise
to Santa Cruz, with the owner," Lansing
Mizner, and N. Kittle on board. Later In
the season 1 she ' will make a I trip to the
Santa Barbara channel. • , .
During the week the California Tacht
Club held a , meeting, at which the pro
posal made by the Corinthians that every
yacht club on the bay should send dele
gates to the Pacific Inter-Club Yacht As
sociation... but that the • expenses . of the
annual regatta" shall be born© by each
club In exact proportion to the number of
yachts entered, was discussed: It was
decided to accept the proposal, : and the
following were chosen as delegates to the
association: Vice Commodore C. E. Clark,
Port' Captain A. M. Clay and Commodore
S. S.' Marshall. Seven new members were
elected. '. • -" • . •
In the California Club's; annual regatta
the time allowances were -not calculated,
but .they make, no difference to the re
sults, the sloop Hope winning the flag in
the thirty-foot, class, the sloop Jessie.E.'
in the thirty-six-foot class and the yawl
Idler in the forty-four-foot class.' There
were two slight mishaps during the race,
the yawl Gypsie carrying away her spin
naker In the run from Mission Rock and
the sloop Jessie E. carrying away her
backstay while beating out to. Blossom
Rock buoy. The flagship Thelma has not
yet been. repaired since her collision with
the steamer- Transit; but" went * over -the
course in cruising rig. The California
fleet made a pretty sight as it crossed
the starting line, the starts in all three
classes being made between 1:55:15 p. m.
and 1:57:55 p. m. ¦'. ,
The regattas of. the Corinthian and Cali
fornia Tacht clubs sailed on Decoration
day were both very successful, though the
wind, especially on the last leg of the
California course, was too light for the
heavy weather boats. But In the channel,
especially toward the) close of the regatta,
the Corinthians grot a fair. breeze and a
moderate sea. As the race was sailed
wholly on an ebb tide, there was no diffi
culty, even for the smallest craft, in get
ting across the starting line; indeed, all
the starters did so within the ' prescribed
period of five minutes. For the same rea
son there was : no trouble about .being set
down by the tide ,on\ the > windward buoy,
some of the helmsmen holding- on too long
before going about { to . round , the " mark.
There was some .verypretty racing. In the
Corinthian regatta; Prank Stone's. Presto,
J. W. Pew's -Truant- and "Westerfeld and
Morrow's Aeolus making a close finish In
the thirty-foot class; Jn the. twenty- foot
class the new craft Spider beat out the
yawl Kittiwake, which has been the win
ner for the last two or three years. Among
the twenty-flve-footers the fin-keeled boat
Discovery beat her six competitors, the
sloop Merope, also a fln : keeled craft, be
ing second. I In >the thirty-six-foot | class
Vice Commodore E.-F.Sagar's Edna and
the ' Short brothers' . Emma covered the
course in exactly 'the same time to a sec
ond, the Ilrst flag. going to Emma on a
time allowance. "}>ylntthe big class Ariel
and Mischief were 1 ; beaten more than ten
minutes by,,Harpoqn.&.nii.Speedwell» which
produced a: beautiful ; contest for first
place. Ed Howard on going to windward
for. the second time seemed too far out,
but came about and . rounded - the mark
neatly, getting. to windward of the Har
poon, sailed by Fred Cook. After a most
interesting struggle, in which Speedwell
was forced almost into the shore, Harpoon
won by less than one minute. ;-;•
YACHTSMEN IN
ORGANIZATION
by one who claims to know, , the Inde
pendence will be transferred to a member
of the New York Yacht • Club and the
Boston-ninety-footer will be made eligible
to compete in not only the contests to se
cure a boat to defend the America's cup
against the Shamrock II but will be. al
lowed to participate in the majority of
the New York Yacht Club fixtures in
which the Columbia and Constitution will
take part. . .
NEW TORK, May 31.— The Mail ! ana
Express to-day says: It -was unofficially
stated to-day that the -New York Yacht
Club, through Commodore Lewis Cass
Lodyard, has received a letter from Thom
as W. Lawson, the owner of tne Independ
ence. In which the Boston yachtsman
agrees to .comply with all the. require
ments of that organization as to the con
ditions to govern the entrance of his yacht
in the trial races. As a result, it is said
YACHTSHAN LAWSON
AGREES TO TERMS
2535. SIXTH RACE— Mile and 100 yards:
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
2522 Dng. Maid, 4. 104.Alxndr 12 1 2 % 1 n
2478 Spike, 4. 104 Stuart 3.12 1^22
(2517) J. McCleevy, 5. 111. Bass 5 3 2 3 1 3 4
2499 Lena. a. 113.. Armstrong 2 4 4 4 4 4 4
24S8 Kick'bob. 4, lM.Tampln 4 S 6 5
• Time— 100 yards, :06%; %. :23%; Vi, :«; %,
1:15; mile, 1:41%; lm 100yds, 1:47%. Good start 1
Won first three driving. Winner, Burns &
Waterhouse's ch. m. by St. . Leonards-Hand
Maid. Stuart on Spike threw. the race away.
He put up a very weak finish. Maid finished
very gamely and was nicely ridden. • Jim Mc-
Cleevy did not run to his beat form.
Betting— Dangerous Maid, :.3-5; Spike. 14-5;
Jim McCleevy, 16-5; Lena, 3; Klckumbob. 200.
2534. FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wtr Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
2501 Glendenning. 107.Webstr 4 1 1% 1 2 15
(2490)Carlo, 110 Armstrong 7 5 1 3n 2 1
2454 Hainault. 103 Hoar 3 3 1 2n 3n
2520 Yellowstone. 106... Butler 2 4 1 4 »4 4 4
2508 Tyranua, 103 Stuart 6 6 3 6 6 5 2
2520-Tomplon. 104.. Alexander 12 15 3 6 15
2508 Royalty, 107.. ..Basslnger 8 8 7-7
2501 Porous, 106... Fauntleroy 5 7 4 Fell
2508 Quiet, 106 Hafley 9 Pulled up *
Time— H. :mi: %. :23%; %, :48; %. 1:01.
Fair start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. Atkln & Lottridge's ch. g.
by St. Cario-Glenllvet. Glendennlng's race a
startling reversal.. Carlo ran to form. Haln
ault stuck fairly well. Tompion quit badly.
Scratched — Torso Maid 105.
Betting— Glendenntng. 10: Carlo. 11-5: Haln
ault. 9; Yellowstone, 9; Tyranus, 12; Tomploq,
8; Royalty, 5; Porous, 13; Quiet, 12.
2533. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs ; three
year-olds and up; purse, $350... . . • "
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. . %. ' Str. ; Fin.
(2505)Montal'de. a. 113. Armstg 1 . 3 # 2 V& 1 1£
2S21 Byron Rose. 3, 100..Prlor 3-2 4 1 % 2 3
<247S)Grafter. .3. 97... Hoar 2 4 ''3 10 3 25
(2496)True Blue, ; a. .lll.Bassgr 4 1 %:4 :\_ 4 : -
Tlme-%, :12% ; } %. ¦ :23% ; %, :49% ; %, I:l1W:
%,. 1:27. Good. start:, Won 1 easily. ; Second and
third driving, r Winner, ;D.:S., Fountain's b.'g.
by Montana-Fusillade's Last: ." True Blue. stop-'
pedto.a walk-at the three-quarter pole. Mon
tallade rah' ft. swell race. Byron Rose'ran to
his notch. Scratched— Wild Robin 114. .¦-
Betting — Montallade. 8; Byron. Rose, 6;
Grafter, 9-5; True Blue. L
Betting— Gibraltar, 9-5; Rio -de Altar, ¦ 6-5;
Rio Chico, 15; Mike Rice, 40; Homage, 8;
Master Cal, 50; El Karn, 100;; Devereaux/ 75.
2532. THIRD . RACE— Futurity ' course ; Bell
ing; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350. •'..?.''¦'>¦
Index, -Horse.- Wt, Jockey. ' St. \i. Str. Fin.
2526 Gibraltar, a, 118.... Ruiz 2 1 h 1 3 1 2tf
2491 R. de Altar, 3, 108.Alexr 4 2 4 2 H 2 1%
2524 Rio Chico. 5. lla..Basgr 1 3 M 4 h 3 n
2526 Mike Rice, a, 115. Armstg 5 4 »,4 3 1 4 3
2496 Homage. 3, 103.... Hafley 7 7 20 7 2 B 13
2511 Master Cal. 3,* 103. Tullett 8 8 \ 8 6 4
2404 El Kara, 3, 105.Burlngm 3 ' 6 3 5 1V4 7 3
2518 Devereaux. 4,;115.Fntlry 6 6 5 6 1% 8
Time— To >4, :21%; to %. :4B; lastH, l:01Vi:
short 94, l:ll».i. Good start. Won easily, i Sec
ond and third driving. - Winner, Burns &
"VYaterhouse's Wk. h. by imp. Stonehenge-Che
mise. Gibraltar ran kindly 'and won In a
gallop. Rio de Altar ran his race. So did
Rio Chico. Scratched — Ralston 123, Ravino 102,
2531. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; sell
ing; maiden two-year-old fillies; purse, $300. .'
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St %. Str. Fin.
2339 Parizade. 106.. Basslnger 211 .... 13
2497 Lady Carlo, 106... Stuart 5 2 4 ... .2 2
2515 Flattered, 106 Hoar 3 6h ... 3 4
2508 Quadra, 106 Tullett 4 3 1 ... 4 1%
2497 Murcia, 106 Hafley 6 7 2 ... 5 4
2515 You You. 106..Burlngme 7 4 1 ... 6^
2441 Cathello. 106 Alexder 1 5 h ... 7 2
2497 Prestene, 106...Fauntlry 8 8 4 ... 8 6
ISIS A. Josephine, 106. Butler 9 9 6 ... 9 4
2104 Isar. 106 OtislO 10 ... 10 •
Time— Vi. :24%; %. :48?4. Fair start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
F. J. Todd's b. f. by St. Oarlo-Partisana. Par
izade much the best. She is a clever filly.
Lady Carlo ran a fair race. You You ran in'
blinkers and acted very badly. Murcia got
away all tangled up. Flattered ran to her
notch.' Scratched— Knockings 1W. Taku 106.
Betting— Parizade, 7-5; Lady Carlo. 8; Flat
tered, 30; Quadra, 10; Murcia, 7-2; You You,
6; Cathello, 10; Prestene. 30; Alice Josephine,
600; Isar, 100.
Betting— Irate. 11-5; Alaria, 4; • Galene, 12;
Yule, 7; Tinkle Tinkle. 8; Honor Bright, 100;
Sweet Voice. 12: Aurlffera, v 20; Enjoyment, 20;
Aurora B. 12; Tolly Tot, 150. . ;. :.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %., %. Fin.
2489 Irate, 3, 107... Basslnger 1 11 111 1H
2142 Alaria, 5. 112...Fauntlry 2 6 h 6 12 2
2471 Galene, 4, 112..... Stuart 3 2 2 2 3 3n;
2507 Yule. 6, 112 Prior 6 7 1 6 1 4 4
.... T. Tinkle, 3, lOo.'.Alexdr 8 8 8 7 %' 6 4-'
2435 H. Bright, 4, 112.. Lynch 9 10 1 8 2 6 3
2512 Sweet Voice, 4, 112..Hoar 5 4 1 4 1% 7 2
1752 Auriffera, a, 113.Armstgll 9 1^10 8 -8 5'
1172 Enjoyment. 4, 112.Hafley 4 .6 2 9 1 9 3
2512 Aurora B, a. 112.Dingley 7 8 % 3 n 10 13
2356 Tolly Tot, 4, 112...KellylO 11 11 • t 11 , ?
Time— M, :2l; %, :49; -%, 1:15..' Poor start."
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, J. Naglee Burk's ch. f. by Brioso- Vivace.
Alaria broke in second place, but was knocked'
out of the race right away; she closed strong.
Galene plenty of speed. • Irate had all I the
speed of -the bunch. Yule -.' closed stoutly.
Scratched— Abbylelx L 112. '
OAKLASTD BACETBACK - Friday,
May 31. IDOL —Weather fine. . Track
fast.
2530. FIRST RACE-Slx furlongs; ' selling;
mares; three-year-olds and up;, purse, $300.-
Batteries— Brapglns, Hotter, Moore* and
"Wood; Fraser, Platt, Powers and Murphy.
Batteries— Patterson and Eugden; Young and
Criger.
CLEVELAND. May 31.— To-day's game was
a slugging contest, using up . five pitchers.
The Philadelphia Athletics scored ten runs in
the first two innings. Attendance, 800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 14 16 .'.'/%
Athletics 15 21 2
Score:
Clubs- i --. :n: H... • B.
Chicago -.lO 10 f
Boston 5 -¦ 3 4
. -' AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. May 31.— Skopec was very wild
to-day and gave enough passes to" have lost
any game. Rain Interrupted play for half an
hour In the sixth inning and stopped the gaitie
after one Bostonian had been retired In the
first half of the eighth. Attendance, 1400.
Batteries— Philippi and O'Connor: Kennedy
and McGuire. Umpires— Nash and Cunning
ham. •
PHILADELPHIA. May 31.— Cincinnati and
Philadelphia game postponed; rain
NEW YORK, May 31.— Boston-New Tork
game postponed; wet grounds.
last Tuesday this afternoon. It was any
body's game to the ninth, when the visitors
made two runs and won. Attendance, 1300.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Fittsburir 5 10 2
Brooklyn 3 B • 3
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN. May 31.— The Brooklyns and
Plttsburgs played oft the postponed game of
EASTERN NINES .
AND THE SCORES
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; Belling-: «
2496 I Don't Know.103 2514 First Shot 103
3470 Gold Finder.. ..103 2462 Tizona 105
2485 Jack McCabe..lO5 2518 Monda 105
2526 Bagdad 105 2458 Hilary 105
2506 Slsquoc 103 , 2518 Talma 108
2129 Melkarth 105r 2518 Summer i 108
Second Race— Mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and up; selling:
2519 Senator Matts.107 2494 Qulbo 107
2489 Darlene 102 2532 Master Cal ...104
2519 Cavanaugh ....97 2422 Lucera ....102
Third Race— Four furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; selling:
2331 You You ......103 2531 Flattered 105
2477 Estado 108 2531 Prestene 105
"The Ledaean :.10S 2515 Jacqueminot ...105
2315 Armado .J 105 2495 Priam 103
2497 Hon. Sterling. .108 Dawson 10.j
2441 Post Bell 105 2490 Remele 108
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
2516 Prlnc's Titanla.103 2459 Carlonlan 107
2491 Gaylon Brown.. 107 2609 Rasp 107
2469 "Wardman 110 C250€)Intrepldo 107
2524 Follow Me 107 (2474) Illllouon 107
(2500)Cath. Bravo.... 103
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and up; handicap:
2533 Montallade 100 2524 Donator 97
(2510)Rio Shannon ..116 2475 Horton 110
2510 The Fretter ...US
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
(2309)Katie "Walcott..l07 2411 Fairfax 108
2323 Racetto 105 2462 Brown Prince.. 105
(2312)B Shepard ....103 2514 Canejo 103
2507 Dr Nembula. . .105 24S6 Kovla J03
2458 Letlger 105 2529 Burdock 103
2470 Searchlight 105 (2470)Saul of Tarsus.103
Probable Winners.
First race— First Shot. Gold Finder, Tizona.
Second race— Quibo, Master Cal. Lucera. .
Third race — You- You, Jacqueminot, Kstado.
Fourth race— Illllouon, Wardman. Princess
Titan la.
Fifth race— Donator, Montallade, Horton.
Sixth race— Racetto. Novia, Dr. Nembula.
H. J. "Wilson, a popular hotel man of
Butte and president of the Montana
Jockey Club, is here on a short visit.
During his stay he will see that the com
ing big meet of his club is not overlooked
by horsemen.
Track Notes.
nONTALXiADE and Glendenning
furnished the surprises at Oak
land, yesterday. The former
won the three-year-old and up
race In easy fashion, being
quoted on the slates at 8-1, a rank out
sider. True Blue, the favorite, was never
in the race after the near turn. Glenden
ning administered even a greater surprise
Jolt than. Montallade. Set down by the
pencilers at 10-1, this two-year-old walked
away from the field, beating Carlo, the
favorite, by five lengths..
Bassinger's first victory -was registered
on Irate, an 11-5 favorite, over the six
furlong route. .Irate led all the way, Ga
lene and Aurora holding on until the pad
dock, when Fauntleroy on Alaria worked
through the pack and landed the place.
Parizade, a 7-5 favorite, gave Basslnger
his second victory. After a long delay at
the post, due to the inability of Burlin
game In steadying You You, the two-year
old fillies broke in a fair start. When the
stretch was reached Parizade shot out in
front, .Lady Carlo and Quadra tacking on
in Chinese fashion. Flattered, with Hoar
up, passed Quadra at the paddock and the
bunch strung out as the wire was passed.
Gibraltar, never headed, won the third
race over the Futurity course. The two
Rios, De Altar and Chico, were in the
running until the stretch. The start was
a. good one after a long delay caused by a
combination play of unruliness, In which
Mike Rice,. Gibraltar and Altar assumed
villainous parts.
Montallade at 8-1. the outsider in a four
cornered race, the fourth on the card, over
seven furlongs, won without a struggle
on the stretch. True Blue, the favorite,
and Byron Rose had a comfortable lead
down the back stretch as they teamed to
gether. At the far turn Montallade
moved up and when the stretch was
reached cut out In front. Byron Rose,
third choice, captured place money, True
Blue finishing last. - - . , < .
When Glendenning with "Webster up, a
10-1 shot, won the five-furlong race for
two-year-olds a shout went up from • the
asphalt. Carlo, the 11-5 favorite, was fig
ured as the proper play, but at no time
was Glendenning headed after steam was
up. Five lengths behind was Carlo when
the tape -was breasted. Halnault came in
for the show. In this race Fauntleroy on
Porous fell just above the paddock and
was thrown against the fence. How he
escaped extinction is miraculous. As It
•was, he was badly stunned and bruised
and was carried to the hospital, where he
soon revived. - *
Tho sixth race was between Dangerous
Maid and Spike, both marked at about the
same price on the books. Spike led. but
from the paddock the Maid showed her
gameness and won by a neck.
Montallade and Glendenning Win at Long Odds,- Defeating
the Favorites in Easy Fashion— Jockey Fauntlefoy. Has
a Narrow Escape After a Fall From Porous in Sixth -Race
? : — — * | ' ¦ ' '
TWO RARE SURPRISES
FURNISHED THE TALENT
• Sid Cavlll, swimming instructor of -the
Olympic •' Club, was last night . given six
months', leave of absence by the board of
directors in order that he may recuperate
his falling health. During his absence
Percy Cavill, a brother of the present in
structor, will teach ' in hi3 place. ¦
. Cavlll' has been ailing; for the past few
months.' He. contracted a cold while
standing around the big tank at the club
and. he has suffered severely. His usual
weight is 180 pounds, but he now weighs
140 pounds. His physician warned him
that. if he did not take a rest he would be
a candidate for burial honors. Sid took
the advice to heart and he made applica
tion to the board f or ¦ leave of absence.
The directors having in mind the splendid
work done by Cavill? granted his request.
They also agreed to engage his brother
Percy, until Sid returns to the club.
Sidney Cavill intends going to New Zea
land, where his brother . conducts a coun
try, resort. He hopes. to recuperate his
strength and return to the club in good
shape to teach the art of swimming.
Percy Cavill, who will act as. instructor
during his absence, is < also a clever swim
mer. He has held/ a number of world's
records and won - a . score of valuable
trophies. He also has ' a record ¦ for life
saving. He is a member of the famous
frn.ily of swimmers, the r Cavills of Aus
tralia. • There are at present four ; boys
and a girl surviving. .',, The parents were
experts in ; the water, and . taught ¦ their
children' to swim as soon as they could
toddle down 1 to the? water. One brother
lost his life while giving an exhibition at
the Stockton baths. He was overcome by
the gas that generated at the bottom of
the tank used for bathing, and before he
could be brought to the top he expired.
Doctors Pronounce the
Great Swimmer to
Be in Bad Condition
GA\{ILL IS
GIVEN LEAVE
OF ABSENCE
RACING, BASEBALL, F0OTBALL AND YACHTING : SPORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO C:A*^
•
5
Cleveland
Bicycles
¦ t ". >*
; $35and$40
Racers $50
LEAVITT & BILL
-SAN FRANCISCO
" OAKLAND "
SAN JOSE:j Under .that rule a man publishes a '-libel 'whenever
he .dictates; one to' his stenographer, and in- the 'eye
of the-laW the;publication : «isCjust "as ,;• complete as it
could be'made;by;priflting,the;libel;and:circulating.it
. broadcast' ". The* r ulingjs sound Vnot; only w in { law - but
in justice.' "It .will ': have ;Tthe "effect ""of, restraining ill
tempered^ people who' would not dare to, openly pub
lish, a] libel; against) another,* but are quite willing to
dictate jibelous. communications to a. stenographer
and send Jthem ',' through 1* the \ mails.- The decision of
, the; Maryland; court therefore aiiile that is
not-Jikely, to,b'e departed^Irom'.by trie decisions of the
; courtsi of f any Vother '^State,-; ahd>, pers6ns:,who;.-:haye?a
habit 'of .free /and 5 easy^dictation vwill' do -.'well; to' bear
it in mind.'- - * ', ' •¦" -. : \ ¦;-¦ ''-'.
-The defense in-the case argued that the'dictation of
letters to be typewritten .'has: now become a' part of
has passed the time wHen busy men had to write.let
ters with pens and by their own hands ; • tha't;penman
ship Has given place__ to 1 th'e 'typewriter, Wd? that let-^
ters "dictated \ to stenographers 'should be deemed as
private as those* formerly written ic- in. the old way.
Upon that point,. however, .-.the Court of ¦'Appeals said:
"Neither, thej prevalence. of any business" customs or
methods, nbr .the pressure of -business whiclT<compels
resort to stenographic", assistance, can jnake that legal
which is illegaV nor make that innocentV which would
otherwise :, be L actionable/ ;' Nor can ,'the'fact'that the
stenographer's under contractual or'mbral obligation
to regard all his employer's.'commanications' as con-,
fidential "alter the reason, of the-matter." y ;
FROM the Maryland Courtof Appeals there has
just been given out a decision as to what con
stitutes a libelous publication, which is a fnatteY
of concern, to everybody who ; dictates letters to be
typewritten. . >The decision' is-.to the. effect that dic
tation to a stenographer constitutes a publication, and
that if the' matter 'dictated be libelous the- author is
liable for damages just as much as if the publication
had been .made through a newspaper.'
LIBEL AND STENOGRAPHY.
• The announcement that a brickyard in Alaska is
paying better than any of the placer claims in. the
Klondike is not surprising. It'is a poor country in
which a steady industry is not more profitable than
a gamble for gold. . • ... -¦ .; ¦ • 1
ferrous exhaustion aad debility are the effects
of a trying summer. Dr. Slegert's Angostura
Bitters feed the nerve cells and restore vitality.
Sliake Into Your Shoes
Allen' sFoot-Ease.a po-nrder. It makes tight or new
shces feel easy. Cures Corns. Bunions. Swollen.
Tired, Sweatlng.Aching fe«t. 10,000 testimonials.
At all druggists and shoe stores. 25c Ask to-day.
Sample freevAddressAHenS.Olmsted.I/eRoy,N.Y.
THE CHINESE TRIBUTE.
ONE of ..the very impressive scenes of Decora
tion day was at the tomb of Grant, when Wu
Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister, under or-'
ders from Li Hung Chang, laid a wreath on the tomb
and delivered an address. The matter of the address
was exceptionally good, and the tribute paid to the
American General and President could not have been
excelled in fervor by one of his companions in arms.
When Grant visited China in his tour around the
world he was treated with honors and distinguished
courtesy. "Li Hung Chang became much. attached to
him and was impressed by his wisdom and broad and
humane view of Asiatic problems. When the General
died Earl Li directed that the Chinese embassy in
Washington every year pfece a wreath on his tomb.
The discharge of that duty by Wu this year furnished
the occasion for his address. In that effort he devel
oped what may be the sympathetic link between China
and. this country- He said Grant's hold. on,, the old
empire is the appeal which his career makes to the
Chinese imagination. He was not born in the pur
ple and was. not the result of aristocratic lineage or of
the opportunities of wealth. So his fame appealed
to the Chinese, who have a saying, "Statesmen and
generals do not come from an exclusive stock." This
means that the. opportunity to rise and achieve fame
is open to all, and success depends upon the individual
quality and not on birth or riches.
In their contacts with Europeans the Chinese have
come to learn that the European rule is the opposite
and that birth and wealth are the factors in advance
ment, while individual genius languishes without rec
ognition.
In Grant. they see an illustration of their own prov
erb, and in American institutions" an application of
their own philosophy.
It is to be hoped that fate will not subject, them to
the rule of aristocracy, as will be the case if the land
grabbing European Governments succeed in oppress
ing them to the point of partitioning their country.
Whatever misgivings Americans may feel about the
new attitude'of this country toward the .world, and the
new duties thereby" imposed/ there is no. difference <of
opinion about using our new found position to the
fullest extent in prevention of the division of China
and the enslaving of its people- j;
The people of^this country have submitted patiently
to the decree of the Board of Geographical Names
th«t the natives of the Philippines shall be known as
Filipinos-, but when the attempt is made to 'fix upon
the natives of Porto Rico the name of Puertori
quenos it is time, to protest.. There are few newspa
pers in the country that can give more than space
enough', to call them Porto Ricans. <-f<r,-
Gaverrior' Allen of Porto Rico in his report to the
State Department said the natives are too lazy to do
anything except lie in hammocks and eat bananas and
yams ; yet when he returned to the island they
greeted him with processions, fireworks and eulo
giunjs: Possibly they'thoughit he f was t~ying to com
plinient them on 'their repose of manner and absence
of worry, ¦.-•r.v^..- 1 . ..,_..•.
About the only thing at the Buffalo exposition that
has thus_ far given rise to much discussion is the.
speech made by Senator Lodge during the dedication
EervicesT" It "is a warning to Europe to keep but' of
this hemisphere; and while some say it is patriotism,'
and others say it is jingoism, all admit it -is a great
speech^ ¦'• . '' - ' /-,,'¦ ' h ¦ '
One authority attributes the drain to the large num
ber 'of 'Americans who abroad.^- Immensely rich
The situation is certainly 'a curious one, Jbecause the
apparent balance of, trade in our favor_ is surprisingly
large; it is, iri^ fact, enormous. During the 'past 'ten
months of the current fiscal year the exports "of.'mer
chandise and silver from the United States ¦in; excess
of imports have aggregated $607,833,749, against which
there has been a net import of only $23,218,586 in gold,
thus leaving an unsettled balance in our favor|of
$584,615,163. Nevertheless -the present movements of
gold is away. from this country to Europe. '¦;;, '.¦ : -
Until very recently the, theory of large, cash bal
ances in Europe due to America was generally" ac
cepted as accounting for the apparent discrepancies
in the trade balance and the various amounts due for
freights, , interest and traveling expenses, but objec
tions are now being made to it. Some of the', leading'
bankers in New York are reported to be unsatisfied
with that explanation and have pointed out that bank-,
ing houses having. European connections have been
and are drawing large amounts of 60 and oo.day for
eign exchange bills which are in the nature of a loan
from Europe to the United States, and are commonly,
drawn in quantity at this season of the year, to.be'
settled . later on, when the surplus American grain
• crops are marketed. If any balances exist' abroad,
says one of the bankers, the bills drawn would be de
mand bills of exchange and not long bills. In other
words, the .foreign exchange market at New York'
'is^now in the same state in which we find it when
the foreign trade balance is against us, but will soon
turn' in our favor through the export of newly har
vested crops. . y = ¦ :
Every student of the subject of course takes note
of the factors in the problem which are not recorded
in the ordinary trade statistics. ¦'-, So many millions,
are allowed for freights paid to foreign ship-owners,
so many for interest and profits on foreign invest
ments in this country, and so many for .the traveling
expenses of rich Americans in Europe. These, of
course, constitute an immense offset against the trade
balance in oiir favor," but' they do not upon even the
most, liberal computation appear to account for the
whole of it. Consequently it has been calculated that
a considerable portion of our profits. on exports have
been left in European hands because better returns
could be had for. the money in foreign lands than at
home. ' ; t . .
HARDLY any feature of the financial situation of
the world is engaging so much attention at
this time as the strange fact that despite the
enormous balance of international trade in our favor
gold is being exported to Europe. Officials of the
Government, statisticians and political ecojiomists
have offered various 'theories to account 'for it, but
none has been thoroughly -satisfactory/. ..."
THE DRAIN OF GOLD.
\
Round-trip rate to Buffalo. J37. ;Tim« of the
Union Pacific Railroad, three and a half days.
Tickets on sale at all offices of the Southern
Pacific and Union Pacific Railroad companies.
D. "W. Hitchcock, general agent. 1 Montgomery
street. San Francisco.
Low Bates and Fast Time to tha Pari
. American Exposition. v?,V 4 V;
. The yellow and !red Spanish flag Is the
oldest of any used by the European pow
ers, as it was jflrst flown in 1785. » .
James R. Keene has recently said there is a marked
difference between stock speculation and gambling,
inasmuch as the speculator has a knowledge of the
market while the gambler goes it blind. It .will have
been noted, however, that when the cinch came in
Wall street the speculator and, the gambler reached
the same end in just about the same timel
1 Special' information supplied dally , to
business houses and public men by " the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's).. 51ft Mont
gomery street. 'Telephope Main 1042. ' •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townseid'a.*
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel^
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10 to 4Qc Look out
for 81 Fourth, front of barber and grocery.*
..James Dunsmuir, the millionaire coal
man, of Victoria, B. C, arrived at the
Palace yesterday. He is accompanied by
"his wife.
J. B. Pearsall, a prominent merchant of
Eureka, and Mrs. Pearsafi are guests' at
the Palace. ¦ - . ¦-' s • *"¦-
¦ C. R. Downs, a mining man of Sutter
Creek, registered at the Occidental .yes
terday. . • .
! Walter' Scott, a well* known real' estate
man of Selma, is at the Lick.
M: H. Durst, a prominent* resident -,of
"Wheatland, is a. guest at the Grand.
:E. W. Strauss, a wholesale clothing
merchant of Chicago, is at the Palace...
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. -r. Gross of Eureka is at the tick. 1
t Dr. C. I>.* Bard of Ventura Is at the Pal
ace. •', . . ',¦'¦
W. S. Dole of Honolulu ia at the Cali
fornia. . - '.
G. M. Whitney of Honolulu is a guest
at the California. . ' • . -' '
J. C. Ruddock, a prominent attorney of
Ukian. is at the Grand. . r . .
¦ "W.- S. Johnson, chief clerk of the Hotel
del Monte. Is at the Grand.
BECAUSE; Director of the Mint Roberts, Con- ;
•gressman Babcock of -Wisconsin, Senator
Beveridge and some other Republicans have
at various times expressed a belief that in the near
future it will be necessary to revise the tariff, in order
to adjust it to changes in the' industrial and commer
cial world, some of the Democratic leaders and organs
who have been looking for an issue ever since the last
election have declared in' favor of reopening the con-'
troversy between free trade and' protection, or at least
of beginning an agitation against the tariff in the hope
that it can be ..worked up into an' effective 1 campaign
issue and tried out in the Congressional elections next
year. : '. ' • • . ¦•.','.
It is not surprising that some siiclv scheme should
be advocated by Democratic leaders, -for drowning
men catch at Straws, and since neither free 'silver" nor
anti-imperialism, nor ¦ socialism, \ nor .government"
ownership nor any other plank in the Bryan platform
can be made available in another election, it is but
natural they should grasp at the straw that appears
to be floating their way along the currents of tariff'
discussion. •• • • . ~ , " ,
They, are aware -that under the lead of Cleveland
they once elected a President on a tariff reform plat
form, but they have . forgotten that the experience
which the country had with the Democratic tariff has
been sufficient for the test of this; generation.
No tariff, however .wisely tdevised to suit the re
quirements of a particular time,- can be expected to
remain unchanged forever. Consequently it is self-':
evident that sooner or. later tariff revision will have
to.be undertaken. . There is,, however, no need for it
at this time. 'In fact, a renewal of tariff agitation, With 1
a resultant uncertainty as to 1 what changes would be :;
made in • the existing- duties, would -do- more harm
than almost anything else that could befall our indus
trialand commercial system -at this juncture. It is,
therefore, not at all likely that any encouragement will
be given by the, masses .of = the people to the mad
scheme of renewing the 'tariff fight. Such changes as
froin time to time niay' be" - advisable "' in' the
duties must be made by the friends of protection and
not by the men whose tariff tinkering produced the
Wilson bill. ¦ ' V ,
Strangely enough the 'only sanej leader among 'the 1
Democrats at this time.' appears.i to be'Senator .Vest,
whose erratic arid fiery temper has been cooled by
age and from whose eyes blinding partisanship* has
been removed by his approaching retirement . from
politics. He was recently interviewed on the subject
of the paramount issue for the coming campaign and.
said: "The issues wilf be made by the conditions, and
the man will be indicated. by th'eassues. ; ; The issues
may be brought before .us in. a week. 'They may come
in a single day. Wall street may ' indicate them.
Hanria says prices in Wall street are based on actual
values. If Hanna is. right and the prosperity We now
enjoy is continued up' to the next election there will
be little need for 'having-any Democratic policy in
1904." , . " .
That is about as accurate a forecast as can be made.
Under any circumstances the Democrats might as well
stick to Bryan and free silver, or have no policy at
all, as to try to win a Presidential election again in
this 'generation on a free trade platform.
A NEW - TARIFF MOVEMENT.
¦' Something of -a discussion "has arisen- in • England
concerning what area is to .be "considered as London
for census purposes. It appears the ancient ''.city^ of
London lias but 26,000 inhabita'nts, the administrative
district, known as the county ; of Loh'dbn has'ap^bpu
lation of 4,536,034, while, in the area known as Greater
London th'e/e are this year 6-578,784 . From ;the : ela's-:
ticity of the boundaries of^ithe big. metropolis it seems
likely' to be able to'keepjahead'of New. York indefi-'
nitely, even if it have to annex all England. ' ' :]
SATURDAY. . ..... .'. .....JUNE i, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrtn All CemmMie»tieni U W. B. LEAKS, Muitger.
MANAGER'S op PICE"V**^Teiepho^
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
* Telephone Prew 2O1. i
EDITORIAIi ROOMS..... 2X7 to '221 Steven«on St.
Telephone Press 202.
rjellveretf l»y Carrier*,- IS Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents. : ; K ,U
¦ Terms by Mall, Including Postage t
DAILY CAli. <indudlns Sunday), one year./. .........$6-M
DAILT CAI-li <lncl«dingr .Sunday). € months S- M
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday). S months .'. 1-50
DAILT CA.LL-By SJnsrle Month....... ••••• 65c
WEEKLY CALL. One Year.....;:i: 1<0 °
All postmaiteri are" rmtborlred to receive
«nb»crip11ons.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail -eufcscribers In ordering change of address should «be
particular to elv« both NEW AND OLD ADDKESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE . 77777777. 1118 Broad-way
: C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Xactger Foreign Adrertitiat. K arqeette Building. Chioigo.
' (Long Distance Telephone "Central I61S.")
:.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX. Herald Square
ICEW TORK REPRESENT ATIVK:
STEPHEX B. SMITH.. 30 Tribune Building:
"NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aetorla Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Murray KU1 HoteL
' CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. Ne^rs Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
WASHINGTO* (Ji. C.) OFFICE. . .14O6 G St., ST. W.
M0RT0X E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:30. q'clocjc. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1911 Mistioa. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NT7.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
KCO FiUmore. open until 9 p. -m.
. Work of the Copyriglit Office.
There is one division of the library
which is distinct in character and has no
parallel in other librasies. This is the
copyright office. It is under a register of
copyrights, who, under the direction of
the Librarian,- performs, with a special
force, all the duties relating to copyrights.
His force now consists of forty-live per
sons,- who a.re - exclusively engaged -in re
ceiving applications for copyright and the
accompanying fees, in making the entries,
.and in receiving and recording the various
articles deposited. : The number of en
tries,-and with them the volume of the
copyright business in general, grows at
the rale'of 10 per cent a year. The entries
last year numbered 94,798, the articles de
posited 141,444; - the; fees received $65,206.
The Copyright Office, therefore, earns a
revenue to the Government, a net revenue
•last year of. nearly ?20,000 over and above
its operating expenses—for service, print
ing and stationery. Its operations are in
teresting in detail, but are so distinct in
character from those of the library proper
as not to be dealt with specifically in this
statement. It is the privilege of the li
brary proper to make requisition upon the
Copyright Office for any copyrighted ma
terial which may be useful- to its purpose
as a library. What it does not draw re
mains in the files of the Copyright , Office
in a distinct portion of the building.
.Manuscripts of Great Value.
The material in the special divisions' of
the library is preserved and handled ac
cording to its special needs. For the man
uscripts . there are not merely, special
locked cases but steel safes for the collec
tion, which, while not a large one, ln
¦ cltides material of inestimable value and
irreplaceable. The collection of the Mar
quis de Rochambeay, for instance, includ
ing 300 - manuscripts maps . of the Revolu
tion; ,the papers of Paul Jones, ih twelve
volumes; the records of the Virginia com
pany from 1621 to 1682; - the journal of
Washington on the 'Braddock expedition,,
his diary of the Federal convention, "his
¦.orderly .book at, Valley Forge, forty vol
umes of other Revolutionary I orderly
.books and military journals and various
other "manuscripts, including the original
material for the Force archives, in 365
.folio volumes. Among other manuscripts
,.of special note are thirty-six volumes re
. cording the . testimony as to. • royalist
claims taken before the Commissioners at
Halifax after: the Revolution; With a few
¦ : exceptions,' the entire : collection, relates to
the eighteenth century. A great many of
the individual manuscripts, being | frayed
and delicate, have to be repaired and re
inforced. Two repairers are constantly at
-work • upon . these. The material • used is
chiefly crepeline, a transparent silk, which
is pasted over the face of the manuscript, :
front and • back, stiffening and protecting
without obscuring it.' ? . ¦ :••.;•. ¦"•'¦¦. ..
The cataloguing of manuscripts involves
not merely an ordinary index, nut a cal
endar, which describes the subject matter
treated in each manuscript. The calendar
of - the Washington "• manuscripts is new
completed and ready for. printing. - ¦¦ i .^> '
Other Valuable' Collections.
The 53,000 Items in the 'map division in
clude the largest collection in;exi«ter.-tt of
maps relating to America,, a complete sot
of the Sanbprn insurance maps and. of the
maps issued by. the ordnance survey of
Great. Britain, as well as a large collection
of miscellaneous material and atlases/ The
Individual' maps are reinforced when-nec
essary, being backed with linen. " are in
serted in mar.ila sheets and flled flat.
They are classified topographically^ and
within each- dtstrict . chronologically. To
Identify and produce any particular maps
called * for ' is therefore the work of but a
moment.-' - .. ¦ .»¦•:-' ." "¦ ¦'-*'¦¦¦.
The catalogues of the division Include
besides the main." collection: an index to
the larger portion of - the . maps, charts
and plans published in books. ¦'..-,- .¦¦_- ...
' -The music consists chiefly of the materi
al ¦ entered .; for copyright. •: Thid already
forms a huge; mass. ;".. Students of music
are 'permitted^, to: examine it even :to the
point IQf-' trying .various pieces upon- a
piano provided for the purpose. ; A" pianola
—also, like ..the .piano, furnished ; by. the
manufacturers without charge — enables. to
be . tried ' the ; pianola music, which ¦ also " is
copyrighted,: 1 v- . ; . .' : ';
.The print. division includes a huge and
miscellaneous assortment j of photographs,
•lithographs:-*" and ¦" process .", reproductions.
For classic prints r it: has not much of im
portance "except the ¦• collection : made *by.
George P. T Marsh | and forming part of ' the
Smithsonian " deposit. .It 'lis also.to have
the very, valuable collection formed bythe
late Gardiner,! Green "Hubbard: and .pre
sented i by ; his widow. LThis comprises 3000
items,"' among l^them J^fine examples »'of
Durer, 'Rembrandt 1 arid other.mastera.*?;":,
Exhibits, of Jprintsi are made under; glars
in. exhibit .'cases' , : whichnine^ three; of * the
CT-eat i rooms i open ¦ to .visitors without* for-
"Vast Importance of the Library of Congress
in Varied and /Complex v Affairs * of
¦¦.¦.•'¦-.¦the American People.
By Herloert Putnam,
LIBRARIAN OF CONGRESS.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
XVI.— THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
..¦ ¦..'; — ,•-:-.?:••¦'-*". ¦¦-'. ,, •-"••;:
The selections of the books for the li- ¦
braryof Congress is, determined in 'vari
ous ways. .Certain, books come to it by
direct gift; certain others (chiefly docu- \
ments) through - international exchange
(fifty copies of all Federal documents are
placed at its disposal for exchange with
olher countries); certain other books
(chiefly serial publications) come to it ' as ;
.the depositary , of " the Smithsonian li
brary;;Vflnally,' there.--are'-,the : accessions
from ; copyright , bobks, .periodicals, ; maps,
music and .prints, All .the' foregoing form
a more . or less constant stream- f, They, do
not represent*"; deliberate;'. selection. - ,Th®
purchases do. .publications , are
submitted -to it .by dealers for purchase;
various, others are considered. by it from
descriptions, in; . publishers' prospectuses
and catalogues, and in book reviews. < But
in addition' 'there; is a:, systematic growth
based upon systematic recommendation.
When a cataloguer' discovers, .a gap in
a«set he makes a'reconimendation that it
be lilled;" when one' of 'the bibliographers
in checking over the bibliograpny of a
subject tinas lacking In the library works
which are necessary to the proper repre
sentation, of that subject, he recommends
their purchase;- -when: an ¦ attendant in
serving the public discovers the library
to be lacking a volume required for the
use of a reader and .reasonably within
tUe scope of the, library, ' he recommends
its purchase. The reader also is privi
leged to recommend. The recommendation
in each case comes to the .Librarian on a
card, and when approved by him the card
is initialed and. forwarded to the order
(purchasing) 'division. That division de
termines where the -order is to be placed,
whether with a domestic or- with a toreign
agent or dealer, and?; the reasonable price
.to be paid,"Snd places the order. The,li
brary has agents In the leading, book cen
ters abroad— .London, Paris, The ' Hague,
Amsterdam, Frankfort; rLeipsic, etc. The
orders that with each correspondent form
a consecutive series are ,. consecutively
numbered. The price of any item may be
doubtful, since four-flfths of the material
purchased is material no longer current.
It must; be picked up as second hand. .For
the -moment it may not be in the market.
In,this case a. request must issue for a
quotation and the order is not made defi
nite until a quotation has been secured
and accepted. . - -^ ' "',-.; •
Vast y7ork',:of Cataloguing.
In the library of Congress thirteen per
sons are exclusively engaged -in the pur
chasing and : receiving division;, forty-six
in the preparation of the books for use,
their classification and the compilation of
the catalogues.- The accessions last year
numbered 38,110 books .and - pamphlets.
This is in- addition to the manuscripts,
maps and charts,. music and" prints, which
arc separately dealt" with in the several
special divisions, and of which 34,957 pieces
¦.were, added. to the library In the course of
the Itist rear. o. ~ - tS. ¦-.¦-¦'
. Blit in the case of the library of Con
gress there is also pending 1 a huge, work
in the nature of arrearage. The entire
existing collection is to be reclassified on
the shelves, a subject catalogue compiled
and the cards for this as well as the
author cards printed. All the cataloguing
is done on cards. > This work would
alone, it is estimated, require ninety-one
persons five years. It is being dealt with
by as large a portion of the present force
¦as can be spared from the work on the
current accessions. \-
mality. These exhibits are composed with
reference in part to : anniversaries or, par
ticular . occasions and are changed from
time to time.- ¦ • - ' '
The library is in receipt of 1600 current
newspapers and periodicals.. Twenty-tnree
hundred of these are displayed on tables,
racks, and open cases in the newspaper
periodical reading room, "where they are
directly accessible to the public without
formality. This -room now assembles per
haps ? the fullest representation in exist-j
ence, in any one spot of . the .current po
litica.1 literary, scientific and commercial
Intelligence of the world. -It Is in inces
sant use by hundreds of readers. .
. ''Heading- Room for the Blind. .
'¦ The. reading room for the blind has a
special function and Is pursuing a special
career of . usefulness. It has a collection
of books 'in raised maps, music,
chart's and ; modeled reliefs. It has, be
sides, examples of the mechanical contriv
ances for. writing the various styles now
current, . including point and American
Braille. But it has ' something more than
these: -It is endeavoring to exnibit what
undertakings may be usefully pursued by
the .blind and. for. this purpose It has a
typewriter, • telegraph operating instru
ment and a printing Dress. Eevery secu
lar'day' except Wednesday during the
winter season there is a readlntr for the
blind "given by volunteers; on "Wednasday
there are recitals. The room has a piano
of its pwn. • These readings and recitals
benefit the .blind of the District of Colum
bia, but their benefit, as the benefit of the
room is general, 'goes much further. It ia
visited by 30,000 persons every year, com
ing from all parts of the world. The illus
tration which It . offers of what mavbe
done for the unseeing is, therefore, taken
and - applied subsequently in " various lo
calities, so-- that the influence of its work
reaches rajr beyond the limits of Washing
ton.' , '.'-. . . ¦ . • ¦
The total number of recorded readers of
ordinary books last year was 123.844. This
does not by any means include the entire
use, but only the recorded use in the main
reading room.
Value to th.e Reference , Reader.
For reference use the library, in effect
from its beginning, has been free to all
persons. It is still free, and free without
formality; Books for home use are by
statute issued only to members of Con
gress and their families, the Justices of
the Supreme Court and Court of Claims,
the heads of ' departments, i the members
of the. diplomatic corps and a few other
designated officials. It is very possible
that the privilege may be broadened in
the interest of 'the higher scholarship.
The needs of the ordinary reader- of the
District of Columbia will ultimately be
met by the public library of. the district,
which Is to be developed In the new, build
ing provided by Mr. Carnegie at "a cost of
$350,000. • ._ .( - '. ¦ ' ¦"
The -most important service of the li
brary of Consre3S, as of the British mu
seum, which issues not a single book be
yond Its walls, must be tljat to the refer
ence reader. ' For special research read
ers come to it from all parts. . No history
of the United • States, or of American.af
fairs,, can adequately be written without
some reference to its shelves. As the col
lection broadens recourse to it will be In
dispensable in many other fields of knowl
edge. . '¦ \ .,* . ' ¦ -
The maintenance ht the. Naiional Capitol
of a great reference collection is -in itself
a justifiable undertaking and necessary to
the dignity of the United" States among
civilized nations. « The library of Congress
can, however; reach out its benefits in va
rious ways to compensate each locality of
the United States for its share in its
maintenance. It is. as I have stated, al
ready to an extent a bureau of informa
tion for the entire country. > It will make
its resources valuable bytheissue of pub
lications which will point out the availa
ble literature on' various subjects of public
interest. Several . such publications have
already' been' compiled and Issued. One,
/or instance, on colonial administration,
one on railroad finance, one on marine
subsidies, one on? canal and railway
routes, one on trusts. ,
"Work for. All the Libraries.
It will make eenerally available the re
sults of .its cataloguing work by ,the dis
tribution to libraries and institutions; at
a nominal cost, : of the cards which it com
piles and prints representing a' catalogue
of the trooks which it receives. This pro
ject'Is already determined on, so far aa
it concerns •• the . books entered- for copy
right. The cost of cataloguing a book and
of writing or printing a singrlecopy of the
catalogue card is, on the average, not
less than 20 or 25 cents. This expense is
being borne in repetition by hundreds of
libraries taking the same book. The ma
jor Dart of it consists in the work of the
cataloguer and in the composition on the
card if printed. This » part the national
library, having to bear for itself, can un
dertake once for all for the entire Coun
try." It can then furnish duplicate copies,
of a card to other institutions on the same
basis as Government publications can be
furnished by the, public printer— namely,
The San Francisco Gall.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
people' ; like * the ' Astors , and Martins vi and the
heiresses who have , married European nobles by T no
means cause the bulk of the drain. "There is a host of
people of comparatively moderate means who live
most of their. time in Europe and draw their revenues
frd'nv the United States". It is said that in the city of
Dresden alone there are upward of 30,600 Americans
of the leisure class, and in the aggregate the number
of such throughput Europe is verylarge. It appears
from this that the United States is suffering some
what from a species of absenteeism that is causing* a
tremendous drain. on. the revenues of the country.
The suggestion may be only a false, alarm, but if our
absentees are in truth carrying off such a large portion
of our profits it would be well to know it/, and it
would repay the. Government to investigate the sub
ject/ ¦ : \7". •¦••>• f-? ¦%'. -: ; ; - ¦
THE Portland Oregonian files a demurrer to our
forecast of the future Greek a.s a product of
California.
;In a spirit of fairness "we 'conceded* that the Califor
nia Greek would have the «vices as well as the virtues
of the citizen of ancient Attica. 'The Oregonian, in
rejoinder,' concedes that we have now the Greek vices,
even those of Alcibiades, but denies 'to us a' spark of
Greek virtue or genius. It names various great char
acters in California oratory, 7 poetry, journalism arid
art,- all born outside the State and on exhibition as
exotics. As to our indigenous genius and domestic
bred talent, it, calls the roll of the native sons and
daughters and fails to tally one great name in the
whole lot.
We may be permitted to say something in behalf of
the climate and physical environment which* develops
the latent genius that was born elsewhere but lay in
its shell without germination until touched by the.
"fructifying sunshine of California. It was so' of the
gifts .and graces that garland the names of Baker,
Bret Harte, Ina Coolbrith, Sill,- McAllister, Starr-
King, Field, McDougall, Gwin, Bierstadt, Cooper, *
Keith, Fisher and a long roll of worthies in litera
ture and law and art. When Joaquin Miller emerged
into a reputation that is believed to be destined to
immortality it was as the poet of the Sierras. , Had
he sung of th» Cascades, the Callapooia. the Siuslaw
or the Willamette there is reason for believing that his
name would ne'ver'have been known outside the Ore
gon county where he dispensed justice as a local Judge.
Fancy him trying to fill the trump of Fame as "the
poet of the Wrickriaw," or "the sweet singer of
Jump-off Jo!" It is intolerable!
This is a subtle psychological discussion. The na
tives of California muster, at present, scant two gen
erations. We did not pretend that the climate acting
as "a force in psychological evolution would be able,
in a time so brief, to produce Homer, Euripides,
Socrates, Plato and Aristotle. An unrecorded and
unknown age passed over the tribes that pitched
their tents in" Attica before their skin dwellings were
evoluted into the sublime architecture that is able,
even in its ruins, to thrill the cold blood of the mod
ern alien as he stands uncovered and reverential be
fore those poems in stone that stir the heart though
the tooth of Time has gnawed away- many a line.,.
We beg the Oregonian to give us time and not
foreclose on us prematurely. .
Meantime what has that classic journal to say for
Oregon? What has the dank and moldy climate of
that suburb of California produced besides catarrh to
arrest the attention of mankind? Was the genius of
Delusion Smith born there? Did Jo Lane cut his
baby teeth on that wet sod? Did even the historic
nose of Cronin get aught but its opalescent tint from
the rainbows that "arch the moisture of the Emerald
State? The -great journalists of Oregon are Harvey
Scott and Tony Noltner, "one of whom was said to
be able to run a paper without brains or money.
But, alas! they are not the products of the soil. Does
Sylvester Pennoyer ewe his transcendent talents in
statesmanship to an origin in the mud slime of the
State that shines like a dim and gibbous moon m his
reflected light? . . '
. Nesmith, Williams and Whitman were all importa
tions. The rank vegetation of that rain belt is still
vegetable, and the native Oregonian of. note remains
to be" noted. As we vaticinated a Greek out of phy
sical conditions of California, ¦ we , now foretell , the
mermaid of the future as a physical development of
Oregon. She will comb, her damp tresses on the mud
bars of the Columbia and Cro\v Creek, eat raw salmon
and camas root and make"fish- eyes at the merman
in the spray that wets Oregon City, and the future
population will be half mutton, half fish. .
THE GREEKS OF THE ' FUTURE.
ro«t of Btock* and press- work plu? 10 per
cent - Tb« library may thus aid in bibUo
£rar>hl« research and reduce the expanses
f,> iffl'In-tltutioM In a way to apply its
services practically throughout the, coun
tr The amount which the nation has In
vested in it »a itself an obliKatlon. The
land and buildlngf have cost $..000 .000.
The-e was appropriated this year for fur
nltur* and equipment *15.0uaand .tor the
Tncrease of the library $61,000. There Is
expended $25,000 a year for fuel and sup-
Dlies $67,000 for the service engaged tn the
care and maintenance of the building and
$Ts5SflO in The service ; of the "brary prop«.
not countlnsr $51,000 for the Copyright Of
fice which is self-supporting. This also ia
independent of the allotment for printing
and binding, which Is taken care o, by
the Government Printing Office.
The Great Libraries of the World.
These figures indicate' a purpose to de
velon the library into one of the great
libraries Of the world, commensurate with
iheffidfnVwhich it occupies. Such emi'
nence can Be reached however, only pro^
vlded the general outlay shall, as in the
case of the British Museum be supple
mented by individuals.. Local institut ons
w"pthft first claim t6 private contribu-
Son for land, for buildings, for the ma
terial of popular education. But the na
tfonal library **«»?**%*.££ S K&
schola^hl" particularly If it relate to the.
orljdn and progress of this country, or
who would endoV with a fund for increase
a library which will render the hfghest
and boldest, possible^ service The na
tion provides a superb building, fitttagly
maintained, renowned now J*rQU|boui .th»
world. Any material placed in this bulhl-
Jng will partake of this renown. It will
become part of the archives of the nation.
It will secure the, widest possible notice
and will confer the widest possible bene
fi Great Britain, as a nation, provides
magnificently for the British Museum. _it
has expended as much as $225,000 in a sin
gle purchase for the library, even as it
Has expended $350,000 in a single purchase
for the national gallery. Parliament has
recognized that great eminence for these
institutions can be secured only by grants
of. great liberality for material of great
distinction. But such grants for the li
brary as for the gallery, so far from dis
couraging private gift, have only served
?o stimulate it. The gifts to the museum
since its beginning in 1756 have been splen
did in number and quality. Their present
value aggregates millions of dollars. The
British collector seems to have his highest
pride in accumulating books, manuscripts
or prints until hl3 collection 1st matehles3
of its kind, and then In depositing it In the
' national library. There it forms a perma
nent memorial to himself as a patron of.
the highest scholarship. It draws to Lon
don scholars from all over the world. It
confers a benefit that is actually world
wide, i It will require a .similar public
spirit on the part of individual citizens of
the United States to raise the librarj* of
Congress to a similar eminence. . ._
the saist fr ANciscb^oitii^ U'-s^TpRi)AY;^:; ; vifu&iE;>i; ;^;i^i;
6
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating a chttnge «f
fetldeaee dnrlnc tlie mmmer months can hs/r«*
tk^Ir paper forwarded by mall to their nevr
ft4Ldreases by notifrins: The Call Business Ofllee.
This paper -will also be on sale at all summer
gs. sorts and Is represented by 01 local attest In
¦Ul tOTTBa iu the coast. ..
AlttlTSEMENTS.
Orpheum —^Vaudeville. "
Columbia— "The importance cf Being Earnest."
Alcazar— "The First Born" and "Glorlana."
Grana Opera-house— "Cleopatra."
California — "Phroso.~
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— S peclaltles.
Central-' The War of Wealth."
Tlroll— "The- Toy Maker."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•ven-njr. • - . .*"''•
Flscner'e— Vaudeville.
necreatlon Park— Baseball.
Alhambra— Benefit Children's Hospital, Saturday matinee,
June L
fiutro Baths — Ewlmmlnz.
Emeryville Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Occidental Horse Exchange— Saturday. ! June 1. at II
o'clock, elxtyhead of Horses, at 7H Howard, stret-t.
1 J_ ;' .
I —JUNE THE. SECOND /
JOOOOOOOOOOO -_ _ V.-'- . |OQOMOOOOOO«
ssssssssfssl 1Vi y experiences as. a pyossssisn
HHHilHil :Proiessional- Beggar liiiiiliiiili
ooooooooooocS TH V7iTl Pl»an/»TCAA Sooooooooooo-c
oooooooooooo? i« vjail, 1 rallCISCO. I'^ooooooooc
ooooooooooooj .... ,:':¦: • - - goooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOS BYTHn: CTDCIB ¦ >gO(JOOOOOOOOOC
o 00000 ooooooS -"; •¦ :• '¦-- r 1HW * Srbi^LE. Ho 0000000000c
obooooo'oo 000* •••'• :-'- 'r < '.* •"• - » ."- v '¦: • • ||oooooooooooc
oooooSooooocf 'TO * Ibt $** People regarded by the KSSSSSS-SSSSS
oooooooooooo bc&inti fraternity as « food thimfs." Li B 300 °oooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOQO ¦¦•¦*¦¦• ¦ •- — -.-..-I?- *.;- -. * BO OO O O OOOOOO C
300000000000 your name on the list? ? . ? ? ? j K^ooooooooooo
oooooooooooo > *•,¦¦¦ .• ¦' ¦•¦• ¦ , ; .¦¦.-. , isoooooooopoc
0000000 ob ooc •-•«¦¦. • -.-¦ - Ko ooooooooooo
oooooooooooo - ¦ *" - 'H 3 ° °°° 000 oooe
oooooooooooo' *." ""--. ". - ¦ Ho o 0.0.0.0 o o o o o c
JOOOOOOOOOOOJ VltW-mT TA T\T»DC«IT\¥rT5" '____ H OOOOOO OOOOO0
ooooooooooo ~t nuW TO PRESERVE THE i 3 °°°°°oooooc
oooooooooooo \'~-Li «i'i-'_ m 'jll _"•- - • • ¦-' • I'ooooooqoooo
dooooooooooo YOSEMITE FROM FTDF I?ooooooooooc
oooopoooooocfe , v^.", - ' l RU '" -nicE, Hooooooo&oooc
ooooboooooooS "'•*¦'¦ . , ¦ ." . .'-/•*' Doooooooo-oooc
¦jOOOOOOOOOOO 11'^ OOOOOOO O-O Q C
3 O OO OOOOO OO C . ¦ ,¦ ¦-.-->. .* -j| 0 OOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooo ¦ __ ' " * ¦ - ' \ J : . . Baooooooooboc
oooooooooooo! TnF'DA'k^inM W AV A T H° 00000 00000c
oooooooooooo; *\ ««>.JiUi1 PLAl : A 1 Hoooooooqoooo
oooooooooooo' \ANTA Tl ADA ioooooooooooo
00000 00 000 0,01 ¦ : ¦ .-• '. '.. »J*ir1 1 A i vLAJa A. - K° ° ° ° ° ° ° ° ° o o 0
000000000000 1 '^^¦HnHHEERHBHHHHHKtfJMB E° °°°oooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOO 1 ¦ - ¦ . . _ - . |f 3 OQOOOOOOOQQ
OOOOOOOOOOOO M.O OOOOOOOOQglfl
OOOOOOOOOOOO NlfffiMBfflJWlliljM MOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooopoooooa THF XTATfTATkV A«r • - nre- :|°°<Jooooooi9bb
00000000000c] me JlAlUAkY AT THE a 000000000000
oooooooooooo ' k ."it -1 « »i»;'^ . .". -1 J * ¦¦*-¦ H'ooooooooovo
2SSS2-S-2SSS2SJ ;P^^AMEMCAH-:EXW>SI11OH;|S2KSSSSS2§S
oooooooooooo! ¦¦¦•->• - ¦ ¦ - - - 1 i . . , « ¦- go 000 00 oooooo
ooooo ao 0006c jj - - - ... a° oooooo oroo,<? 0
ooooooo 00000 v .. •. ' -".,•.¦<••¦ . ., j|oooooo ooobtfo
ooooooooooodJ THE'" "FRAT" HOUSES OF 'l°°°oo"ooopo
000000600000 <"?& **r~* . «yWJl-J Ur- BoOOOOOQOQOOO
0000000.00000] RPDVFT FV Ho 000 000 00000
OopoOOOOOOOO I - • '. .'¦ « m^KXVfalili'i I» gOQOOOQOOOOOC
oooooooooooo * . J-. - •;."",• .7.'. ; - • ¦• Bo 00 0000 00 000
oooooooooooo ,~" . * B n ° ° o. 000. 00000
oooooooooooo .'"'.' ... .... ',* ', B" ooooooqo 00 o
00000600000c v ' - ' c* »* * • . loooooooooooo
ssSoSSsiss-ss stories of iusnsssssss
f.§SSSSS§SHa GBEAT HUMAN ; iNTERESt-J?"»2SS?SS£
oooooooooooo ' ¦¦.-".¦»-¦/,.. - t - % . - /»* ; B 3 0000 0000009
"^—^™^ -^L-B 0 "O O O.O OOOOOContracts 'for Public Lighting.
The faculty of the Lowel High School
tendered a dinner last night at the . Cal
ifornia Hotel, to A. E. Kellogx in honor
of his appointment as principal of the
Hamilton High School. The feature of
the eveningr's enjoyment was a mock trial
and examination of the popular school
teacher to test his ability to hold the
important position. Those present were:
F. Morton (toastmaster). CM. "Walker,
T. A, Kelly, J. J. Schmit, Miss M. M.
Cox, Mr. Tompkins. J. L. Crlttenden, C.
C. Young, Miss Dean. Mr. Snyder, Miss
Hodgskin, F. E. Croft. F. H. Clark and
James Simmons.
Professor Kellogg . Is Banqueted. *
Alleged Kidnapers Out on Bail.
PORTLAND, Or., May 31.— Habeas . cor
pus proceedings were begun to-day . on
behalf of Dr. Wylie G. Woodruff and Mrs.
EOith Moyer, who were arrested here last
evening on telegraphic advices from Law
rence Kans., charged with kidnaping the
child of Mrs. Moyer. Chief of Police Me-
La.uchlan was given until next Monday to
make answer to the writ. Pending their
appearance in court on Monday Dr.
Woodruff and Mrs. Moyer. were released
on $250 bail each. v -, • •
MADRID, May 3L— As a result of ad
vices from the Marseilles police two anar
chists have been arrested here, one a
Spaniard and the other ah Italian. It is
rumored that they had projects against
the King and Spanish MlSlsters. The
Italian who confessed that he was an
anarchist, said he was going to America.
ANABCHISTS ABE CAUGHT
IN CAPITAL OF SPAIN
Bumor Is Abroad That They Intend
- ed to Assassinate the Young
King. -:£~i ...%
Loomis, who is now in Europe seeking
to recuperate, will be given another dip
lomatic position as soon as a suitable
place can be found. Meanwhile Mr. Rus
sell will remain in charge of the United
States legation at Caracas for a period
of time not yet determined upon, but
likely to be fixed by the attitude of the
Venezuelan Government.
It is not the present intention of the
Government to take official notice of the
criticism passed by President Castro of
Venezuela upon Minister Loomis, as con
tained in a newspaper interview. The
officials cannot bring themselves to be
lieve that the President* of Venezuela
would willingly reflect upon the personal
character of the Minister of another Gov
ernment, who, according to official state
ments made by this Government, acted
by explicit direction of his own Govern
ment in the matters which formed the
•subject of the criticism. Therefore, It. is
probable that our Government will be
satisfied for the moment, in the absence
of further untoward developments, with
official disclosures.
WASHINGTON, May 31.— It Is officially
admitted that Minister Loomis will not
return to Venezuela. There are two rea
sons for this decision. ' In the first place,
Loomis has suffered in health at his un
congenial post, and in the second place the
President Is not disposed to expose him
again to the attacks he has suffered in
Venezuela as a result of the execution
of the orders of the State Department.
Former Minister to Ven
ezuela Is Not to
Return.
LOOMIS SLATED
FOR NEW PLACE
OF Hi TKREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Clianges in the Postoffice Service,
Issues of Pensions and New
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, May 3L— The Postoffice
Department issued the following to-day:
Postoffice established: Washington— Dell,
King County, Silvester J. Gofford Post
master. Discontinued June 15: California
—Harold. Los Angeles County, mail to
Falmdale. Postmasters commissioned:
California— Hermann J. Senfert. Bayha;
Thomas Herrford, Jewetta. Washington-
Charles A. Cook, Ilia.
These pensions were issued to-day: Cal
ifornia—Original—Barton Wilmar. San
Francisco. $8; Jay J. Johnson. Palm
Springs, $6; George N. Bailey, Sen Jose,
$S; Benjamin Wilson, Veterans' Home,
Napa, $6. Renewal and increase— Mansel
Kelly. Yountvllle. 56. Increase— David F.
Bingham. Farmersville, $S. War with
Spain, original— Adolf Rubel, San Fran
cisco, $6; Charles G. Reay, San Francisco,
S12.
Oregon— Increase— William F. Hatha-
way. Grants Pass, $12. War with St>ain,
original— Frank Walsh, Milwaukee, $i7.
Washington— Original— William R. Robe,
Granite Falls, $6. Increase — Justus O.
Rockwell, Seattle, $S; George W. Lincoln,
Seattle. $S. Original widows — Jane Elkins.
Reardon. JS; Sibyl L. Partch, Fall City, $S;
Louisa Carothers, Ellensburg, $8.
.Army orders are as follows: First Lieu
tenant Louis T. Hess, assistant surgeon,
relieved from duty at Presidio, San Fran
risco, and will proceed to Fort Bayard,
N. M-. for duty. Major Edward E. Hard
ing, Seventh Infantry, detailed member
of examining board. Presidio, San Fran
cisco, vice Major Louis A. Craig, relieved.
Question Over Carnegie's Castle.
LONDON. May 21. — A dispatch from Ed
1'iburgh says action has been instituted
by Sir Charles Sutherland to set aside the
purchase of Skibo Castle by Andrew Car
mfrie- The ground of the objection has not
yet developed. Skibo Castle was taken
ever by Carnegie two years ago and he
h:is resided there since then on the occa
sion of each visit to this side of the At-
U ntic. Though -the name of the plaintiff
is given as Sir Charles Sutherland, no
t-uch title is discoverable.
Indorse Jolm Barrett.
SEATTLE. May 31.— The Seattle and
Tacoraa Chambers cf Commerce, co-oper
ating with similar organizations in Ore
gon and California, to-day indorsed with
strong resolutions Hon. John Barrett, for
mer United States Minister to Siam. for
the position of United States Minister to
China in the event of Mr. Conger's retire
ment.
A woman's second husband Is sup
posed to believe tn&t his predecessor was
the best man that ever lived.
man," said Nelson, "and he said: 'I
don't know. I saw him fall.' "
SLAYER OF J. . N. E. WILSON
AND SOME WITNESSES AT,
THE CORONER'S INQUEST.
. S. H. Bocklln, pressman, testified that
shortly after being-shot Wilson said:
"Clancy shot me; I believe I am about to
die. It's \ all up with me . now. . Clancy
came to my office and shot me down like
a doff." '
Detective Sergeant Thomas L. • Ryan
produced another dying statement, taken
in - his presence by Police Clerk Otto
Heineman, in -which Clancy is accused of
the murder. : ¦
• H. F. Young, a brother-in-law of the
dead lawyer, produced an envelope that
he had found on Mr. Wilson's desk. On
the back of the envelope in the handwrit
ing of the dead man was the following:
Patrick Clancy killed me; shot ; nys twice.
God bless Jeannette. J..N. E. WILSON. ,
On being asked as to his reason for
shooting Wilson, Clancy told the officer:
"He has cheated me out , of all my
money; the — ; — should have had it a
long time ago. You better hurry up and
send somebody down to Wilson's office,
because there's nobody there."
' Bond Clerk T. I. Fitzgerald produced
the dying -statement of Wilson. ¦ Before
taking it witness informed the wounded
man that as he was a lawyer he was well
aware of the Importance of such a state
ment, and Wilson replied that he believed
that he was about to die. ¦ * ¦
Dr. Emmett Rixford testified that Wil
son, when he first reached the hospital,
said that he was iucky not to have been
injured worse than he was.
Police Officer Jacob L. Nelson testified
that Clancy came to him on Kearny street
During the proceedings Clancy sat be
side his attorney and- his face wore a
gloomy look, as though he realized the
gravity of the crime committed by him.
L. Moebus, a printer employed in an of
fice adjoining that of Wilson, testified
that a few moments after he heard the
pistol shots Wilson staggered into the
place where the witness was and mus
tered sumcient strength to say, "Patrick
Clancy snot me; telephone for. the police."
Wilson then lay on the floor and talked
incoherently about mortgages and Clancy.
He fcald several times that Clancy had.
shot him, and that he had had no quarrel
with the shooter.
The evidence was all one way and
shewed no provocation for the murder.
Clancy, by advice of Robert Ferral, bis
attorney, dfd not go on the stand, so that
the line of his defense was not disclosed.
The prosecution was represented by Dis
trict Attorney Byington, A. B. Treadwell
and L>eputy District Attorney Charles L.
Weller. . . ¦¦ . - ; . . •
W. Clancy, whom we charge with willful
murder." >v
The verdict was signed by F. Lacey,
Jack Hecht, Charles T. Newman;' C. E.
Keal. W. O. Jones, William F. Hartford,
Harry R. Toung ,and H. J. Katzenbach,
and was approved by Coroner Leland.
The young woman and her father dis
appeared from Wilkeson together to-day
and were seen going In the direction of
Buckley. To-night the father returned,
but his daughter's whereabouts Is at
present unknown. Hendricks* brother,
who is influential at Wilkeson, says he
will have her arrested and prosecuted.
With the evidence that the man had
been poisoned followed the hasty inquiry
which led to the suspicion that the young
bride was the guilty person. The glass
she gave to him bore a strong odor of
carbolic acid, while that from which she
drank had nothing but the smell of wine.
Even his whiskers were burned and his
hands blistered by the powerful acid.
This morning when confronted with the
charge of having administered poison to
her husband, Sirs. Hendricks said some
one told her to do it, but she would not
tell who. This statement is received with
some doubt, but on the other hand no
motive can be imagined why she should
seek to'take the life of her husband, un
less it be the fact that he has about
$2000 in bank.
"You drink what I have fixed for you."
"Without suspicion of danger, the man
1 put the glass to his lips and tasted the
wine. Instantly he spat it out and said It
was too strong. The poisoner was foiled;
but the unsuspecting: husband appears to
have had no thought of the evil design
of his wife. There had been no trouble
between them. On the surface, every
thing was serene.
v The deliberate determination of the
bride -was shown again in the afternoon,
when she offered her husband a glass of
poisoned wine. He asked where she got
it. She said it came from home, and add
ed, "'Vincent, vou drink it." He took
, the proffered glass and swallowed the
wine. Soon afterward he was seized by
violent pains, and the doctor was hastily
summoned, arriving in time to save his
life.
TACOMA,' May 31.— Stella Hendrickfl.
the bride of three days, who was married
to Vincent Hendrlcks at Wilkeson. in this
county, on Sunday and tried to poison
him on Tuesday, has confessed that she
made two attempts oa his life by giving:
him carbolic acid in a glass of wine once
early Tuesday morning: and again In the
afternoon. Hendrlcks is still alive and
likely to recover. His bride of 17 failed
in her first attempt to poison him, by
pouring In too much carbolic acid. Early
Tuesday morning she brought in a glass
of wine and handing it to her husband,
said:
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Seventeen- Year-Old Girl Ad
vances No Motive for
Her Crime.
GIVES HUSBAND
POISONED WINE
i&w — * — ' ¦ -
Bride of Three Days
Confesses Attempt
to Murder.
J. F. Kennedy, who under the provisions
of the | charter secured the ', contract ; for
shoeing the horses of the Fire Depart
ment, filed a petition yesterday for an irf
junction' restraining the Board of Fire
Commissioners from carrying out its in
tention of establishing a municipal horse
shoeing shop, which would result in tak
ing th § work out of his hands. ..
Kennedy Wants an Injunction.
OUTLAW STOPS
MOJAVE STAGE
Masked Man Gets Slight
Returns for His *
'¦- ..-¦'•. Risk.
MOJAVE, May 31.— The Mojave-Keeler
stage, outward bound from here,' was
held up by a lone highwayman to-day and
its only passenger; was relieved of his
ready, cash. ',' The outlaw made a light
haul, as the, passen^er's'purse was slim
and the stage carried no treasure of any
kind. ¦
• The stage left here at 6:10 o'clock, in
charge of Ed Monroe. When about a mile
and a half out it came' up to a man walk
ing along the road. As the coach was
passing him he suddenly produced a re
volver and commanded a halt. Then it
was seen for j the first time that he was
masked. - .
The mail on the stage was not molested
and from the single passenger- only $1 50
was collected by the highwayman. Orders
were given- for the stage to go on its way
and its occupants not to look back, and
these instructions were followed. From
the. Eighteen-mile House the news was
brought here late this afternoon. : :.
i'.The robber- was on foot, "was dressed in
overalls and a dark shirt and his face was
hidden by a, handkerchief. ,As no other
description except -that he was short and
of heavy build is given.'it is not likely
that- he .will- be 'apprehended. . , ;
Wants to Repair McKinley'sFurniture
Christian. Heizmann is conflned-in a de
tention - ward ' for the insane-at the City
Hall, laboring under the delusion that. he
has been specially appointed by President
McKinley to repair his furniture. He
says he; received a message . to* proceed
to the residence of Mrs. George B. Morse,
President McKinley's niece, ; and there
make - repairs on the chief magistrate's
furniture.
In the case of Mrs. Kate Badger of 1221
Laguna street, who died last Monday of
erysipelas brought about by a scalp
wound,. the Coroner's jury returned a ver
dict that , the . . disease resulted - irom a
wound inflicted by some person unknown.
; The testimony was to the effect that
James Badger, .who is more than 70 years
old," the husband of the woman who died,
had been on a spree for three weeks.
Last Thursday Mrs. Badger bought a
quart of grocery whisky before noon and
partook of it freely. In the evening Dr.
Lagan 'was summoned to dress a Wound
above her right temple. She • informed
the doctor that her husband had struck
her on'tte head with a stick. On the next
day she denied this.*
Mr. and Mrs. Gibney testified that Mrs.
Badger came to their house with "blood
streaming from the wound on her head,
but that they had not. had sufficient cu
riosity to ask her how" she received the
injury, notwithstanding that she was an
old friend of theirs. .
. Mr. Badger went on the stand and swore
that he had been drunk for three weeks
and could not remember anything, ¦.r-'v'.
SLBS. BADGER'S FRIEND'S
~ AIRE NOT INQUISITIVE
See Het Bleeding From a Scalp
Wound and Ask Her No
; Questions.
Evidence Adduced Before the /Coroner's Jury indicates- That the
Shooting of the Lawyer by His Client Was Deliberate and Ap
parently Wholly Unprovoked— Clancy Does Not Take the Stands
Archbishop Riordan delivered a short
address at the close of 'the exercises. He
said that the church had nothing to fear
from the * education of women and Its
Sanction was given to such culture. He
believed that of the two the education of
women was more important than that of
men, . as in the home the woman leaves a
deeper Impress upon future generat'ons
than does the man. _.
Miss Abigail M. Burns of the graduating
class read an essay, "Aim High." Auber's
"Domino Nolr" was rendered by Misses
M. Carrick, G. Coleman, E. . Sresovich, C.
Merle, M. McLaughlin, M. Miller, A. Cre
ep lia.K. Somers, G. O'Toole and A. de la
Vega, t ¦'¦¦ v
. A sacred chorus was sung by the- vocal
classes, with Miss E. Sresovich as accom
panist. Miss Mary Carrick' rendered a
piano solo, and Copp's Quintet Concerto
v/as given by Miss B. Sresovich, Miss Ger
trude O'Toole, Miss M. Forbes, Miss ¦C."
Merle and Miss Grace St. John.
Violins— Misses M. Carrick, B. Sresovich, R.
Pistolesi, H. Abrahamson, L. Carroll, W. Wll
cox. I>. Paredes, A. O'Brien.
Pianos— Misses G. O'Toole, C. Merle, G. Cole
man, A. Cresalla. K. Somers, K. Keenan, M.
Miller. A. Dunne. M. Purcell, M. Lawler, A.
Burns, E. " Heffernan. ' - - "¦ ' :
' • Second pianoe— Misses M. Carrick, • E. Salter,
Grace St. John, G. McGovern, M. McLaug-hlin,
C. Kast. f
' The vocal classes sang "Memory." Miss
Grace St John was accompanist. The
Archbishop then made the award of med
als for deportment, Christian doctrine and
excellence in studies. >•
-An overture by Von Horr.was given by
the following: j
First pianos— Misses M. Purcell, L. Bonestell,
M. Forhes, s M. McGrady, R. Pistolesi, T.
Rlvero. ' ' '
First violins, Misses M. Carrick, R. Piatolesl;
second violins, Misses. E. Sresovich, H. Abra
hamson; third violins, Mlsaes A. O'Brien, L».
Paredes; mandolins. Misses M. Lawler, A. de
la Vega, M. "Wllcox; guitar, Miss M. Miller;
piano accompanist. Miss C. ¦ Merle.
Diplomas were then awarded to the
graduates. Archbishop Riordan making
the presentation. "Piccolo," by JD. Brahm,
was rendered by pianists, as follows:
The vocal classes of the college then
sang a salutatory, Miss M. Carrick acting
as accompanist, after which - Campana's
"Ouarda la Luna Bianca" was rendered
by the following pupils: ." . : ' .
The first musical number on the pro
gramme was Czerny's Bolero, rendered on
pianos by twelve " young women, ¦ as ! fol
lows. \
First pianos— MlsBes Grace St. John, C.
O'Connor. R. Pistolesi, L. Bonestell, M. Ben
nett, H. Colnon. . . ¦
Second pianos— Misses M. Forbes, Oeraldlne
St. John. A. Devlin, M. Murphy, L. Doble, P.
Brutscher. - . " . "
The graduates, were Miss Abigail M.
Burns, Miss Mary C. Carrick, Miss Reglna
M. Heffernan, Miss Katherine B. Keenan,
Misa Mary M. Lawler,' Miss Gertrude C.
O'Toole, Miss Mary . M. Purcell and Miss
Katherine T. Somers. ": > -v :
| Archbishop S Riordan was present and
took : a prominent part in the exercises.
Tge .awarded medals to those designated
for that honor and he delivered a notable
address in defense of the higher education
of women. •,;¦', , . . i , '
¦ ¦ ¦ » : - ¦ ' • v^v-v-^'^^-f'^^- >-J-'-"
The' large assepbly. hall. of the College
of, Notro Dame was crowded j yesterday
afternoon with . the relatives and friends
of the : graduates and , other ': pupils, who
had, gathered . to witness the commence
ment; exercises. So .large was the audi
ence that many, could not find room in the
assembly hall. ¦. -.
Archbishop Riordan : Defends
the Higher Education .
of Woman.
Commencement Exer
cises of Notre Dame
¦ College.
GIRL GRADUATES
GIVEN DIPLOMAS
SLAYER OF JOHN N. E. WILSON
ACCUSED OF WILLFUL MURDER
A company has been formed to control the
process o£ printing without * iriSj and , in T a
short time It Is expected that old methods will
be revolutionized. There Is one thins, • how
ever, that has resisted all innovations; that Is,
Ho6tetter > s Stomach . Bitters. It is a wonder-'
lul medicine for dyspepsia,. Indigestion, bill-'
ousness, insomnia, constipation - a' d nervous
ness. It also prevents malaria, fev- * and ague."
Try H, and you will not be dUapj ated.
Printing Without Ink.
CHICAGO, May 31.— Chicago's machin
ists' strike began more than 1000
men quitting work in various shops and
factories because the employers ' refused
to sign the agreement sent yesterday, for
a 12% "per. cent increase in wages, a nlne :
hour day and extra pay for all time over
nine hours. ' ¦ ' ' - t ~:
,:When the force of 280 machinists , gath
ered at the works of Fraser & Chalmers
early In the' morning they were', met by
W. J. - Chalmers, who told ,them;_ they
might as, well go home if they , expected
him to sign the agreement.' The machin
ists' accordingly dispersed.'* Similar scenes
were enacted in many "other .plants,
though a few manufacturers ¦ signed the
agreement.
The machinists' strike - situation •'. as
sumed a more grave aspect with the
threat of -the allied .trades , to declare a
sympathetic movement- at" once, v . With
the exception of. §ix shops, none of those
to which • the agreement was presented
have signed. It is 1 expected that by to
morrow nearly 2000 men' will 'be 'out. -The
s'tuation is called a strike, but ¦ In , reality
is almost as much a lockout, since many
shops made no pretense of permitting the
men to go to work to-day. Early in, the
afternoon the strikers .were joined by 150
machinists, -who quit at the Meihle Print
ing Press "Works, and 100 ,who struck- at
the Bibsor. Spring Company's plant. ¦ -.¦-.*,
An important development in the situa
tion was a sympathetic strike ;. by .the
metal workers. In response to, an, order 1
by Business Agent Otto Nowack 150 metal
workers quit at different shops. to aid the
machinists in their/fight." Others will' be
called out . where it is: considered? that
their he'ip may be' effective. ; It is. expect
ed that the sympathetic -movement -will
spread to other trades,* but; large ..num
ber; of men in allied unions 'who work in
conjunction with" the*machinists;\.will;be
forced* into ; idleness ', soon by; lack * of ; ma
terial... It is estimated that. this will : swell
tho ; number, of idle t men in* the ; machine
shops in this , city : to 10,000 .within 1 a week. |
Machinists in Chicago
Give Up Their Em
ployment.
LEAVE SHOPS
FOR THE STRIKE
FRESNO, May 31.— A deed
was recorded here to-day
by which. John J. Egan
transfers to President William;
McKinley a quitclaim to a •
one-fourth interest in. sixty,
acres of oil land in the Coal
inga region. The land is sit
uated about five miles from.
Oil City, and is said to be ac
cessible only by means of a
balloon. ' .
PRESIDENT McKIHLEY, '
IS Afl OIL MAGNATE
OF COALINGA DISTRICT
THE f SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SATURDAY,; JUNE 1, 1901 .
A CORONER'S Jury yesterday re
turned a verdict that John N. E.
"Wilson came to his death on May
27 "from gunshot wounds of chest
and abdomen inflicted by Patrick
and said that he had shot a man.* The
officer took a , revolver out of Clancy's
hip pocket and. found that two cartridges
had been discharged, v
"I asked Clancy, if he had killed th«
The Supervisors', Committee on Artifi
cial Lights: yesterday recommended the
awarding of the contract to light the out
lying, districts to the San Francisco Gaa
Company at 9 cents per gas lamp and 35
cents for electric arc lights. The Inde
pendent Electric Company received the
contract to light with electricity certain
public buildings and offices at 29 cents per
1000 watt hours, and the Equitable Gas
Company to light with gas certain public
bullcfings at 9S cents per. 1000 cubic feet,
and the San Francisco Gas Company to
light other public offices at $135 per 1000
cubic feet- ¦ •-? |, ; '
7
GRAND- OPSI3A. HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAT ANX> TO-MORROW.
LAST . TWO NIGHTS OF
"CLEOPATRA."
Commencing' MONDAT BVENINO NEXT.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE. In Sardou'a
Great Play. -
K "LA TOSCA."
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL as "SCARFIA."
-NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
10c. 15c. 25c. 50c A Few Seats 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat all Matlneas ; 2Se. .
Branch Ticket Of flee— Emporium.
*TIVPLi*
"A GREAT BIG BOOMr' v •
,U« EVENINGS AT 8.
ANOTHER BIG TOY SCUYENIR
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2. •
EVERT CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A EOUVENIK TOT ATTENDINO
THE
TOY MAKER!
POPULAR PRICES ....25c and 60o
Telephone— Bush 9. .' ' .
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVEN1NO.
THE FAMOUS TLYING JORDANS
Special To-Night.
BIG CAKEWALK!
. •. INCLtTDING
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN'S PICKANINNIES
- VS. . : .-
AH CHOY AND SUET WONG. CHINATOWN
CHAMPIONS.
Telephone for Seats— Park S.
RACING I RACING I RACING I
SPRING MEETING— Opeala* April 29.
CALIIJORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thar*.
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Five or more races each day. ; ¦
Races start at 1:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. aa«
11:30, 1. 1:30. 2. 2: JO and « p. m., coanecua*
with ' trains : "topping at the entrance to - th«
track. ¦ Last two can on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoklnr. ¦ Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. . All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars I at Seventh and Broadway, ¦ Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. ¦¦ These electric ear*
go direct to the track to fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. • ¦ -'. .. -.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO ys LOS ANGELES.
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P.M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M.
RECREATION F ARK,
¦ • Elebth and Harrison , streets. -
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
Open . Daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. .-
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c • CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 25c: Children. 20c.
1 lldtELW
Visitors to San Francisco who maico
their neadquarters at these hotels <u>-
.' Joy comforts and ¦ conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequal ed
cuisine. American and European plans.
I *GRANp HOTELy
1 # Call !l;OOirIeai
TSTEm ADVERTISEMENTS.
GEOBGE WASHINCrTOirS QUEUE.
It Hid a Luxuriant Suit of Straight
and Very Dark Hair.
The Father of his Country concealed a
luxuriant suit of hair beneath his queue
wig. Many now wish the old fashion were
In vogue, to conceal thinned hair or bald-
ness. Yet no on© need have thin hair nor
be bald, if he cure £he dandruff that
causes both. Dandruff cannot be cured by
scouring the scalp, because.it Is a germ
disease, and the germ has to be killed.
Newbro's Hferpicide kills the dandruff
germ— no other hair preparation -will.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." There's no cure for dandruff but
to kill the germ.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ETS.— RE-
laodeled and renovated. ' KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Kooms, 60c to $1 M day;
; 5 to 58 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room: elevator runs all night.. ¦
SUMMER HOME, FURNISHED.
Near Camp Taylor in the redwoods; $100 a
month tcr tour months or more.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS, i , .
. . . 6 Montgomery st.
AMUSEMENTS. -[
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT, ¦
MR. JAMES NEILL §SSp h ISy.
Presenting
. THE DRAMA OF ADVENTURE
"PHROSO."
A dramatization of Anthony Hope's fam-
ous novel of the same name.
PRICES— Evening, 25c, 35c. . 60c. 75c, . $1.
BARGAIN MATINEES "THURSDAYS."
' , 25c and 5Oc.
To-morrow Night— "A COLONIAL OIRL."
ANOTHER~BIG. BILL.
MATINEE TO-DAY,. Saturday, June 1.
• Parquet, 23c, , any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
HENRY LEE, AL LEACH AND THE THREE
ROSEBUDS. GRACE VAN ¦ STUDDIFORD.
GENARO AND BAILEY, . LEW SULLT,
BURTON AND BROOKS." THE GREAT
AMERICAN* BIOGRAPH. FARETVELL
• WEEK OF JAMES O. BARROWS. JOHN
LANCASTER AND COMPANY. v ,:
f. ft I 1 1 HA D I fl SA« FRANCISCO'S
yU LUU m D I M leading theatre
'. MATINEE TO-DAY.
J TO-NIGHT arid ALL NEXT WEEK. .
Matinees Wednesday and ¦ Saturday, -'
HENRYMILLER
And a Strong Cast in
OSCAR WILDE'S -BRILLIANT COMEDY.
THE IMPORTANCE :
OF BEING EARNEST,
June 10— "D'ARCY OF THE GUARDS."
BEIUkSCOAmoTHALCS jfeltf%Su
ftNTiM 13^
*^ mum c/ry/uii
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO MORROW,
• ¦ : SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY " 5TVENING,
Last Times of the Powerful Melodrama,
THEM OF WEALTH
Great . Scenic Features — Thrilling and Exciting
' ¦;. .Climaxes, etc.
DDirCC Evenings.:.... ...10c, 15c, 25c. ' 35c, 50c
I Kit Ci5 Matinees 10c, J3c, 25c
' Next Week— Mammoth production of the pa-
triotic and realistic naval drama, '
««OL,P GLORY."
MAflNEE TO-DAY arid Snaday.
' ' FAREWELL PERFORMANCES.
V LAST TWO NIGHT8 „.,
"THE FIRST BORN"
'¦ AND- — '
"CLORIANA.'':;
BEATS : NOW ' SEliLING FOR . NEXT WEEK.
pl6rence;roberts
-In Julia Marlowe's Success, :._ ..
"FOR. BONNIE .PRINCE^CHARLIE."
Orphestra, first six . rows, 75c.
_ V-'"-'--"".""°-".V '"*"•'- •' -' ¦' — ~
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
•• GRAND » MATINEE TO-DAT, : JUNE 1ST,"
BENEFIT OF
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL;.
'- MARSH , KING. ' romantic fairy operetta.
Elvesr ". Fireflies," Moon. > Queen.- Singing Frogs.
Dancing Sprites, Electrical Effects, etc Popu-
1 lar prices. • Reserved : seats,'. 50c ', loges, ¦ 6 seats.
1 6. ' , Seats on '¦ sale , this < morning at Sherman , &
.¦Clay's:*;;.-.-/-: •¦*,¦..• :¦''; ;'¦¦¦ •".<•','-. ¦-.
17TQPH17R»«J CONCERT -'HOUSE;
1? lOUnCitl D Admission 10c. • \
, - Merle Stanton. Atlantis;: De • Boe. \ Gladys Mid- ,
i dleton.".. Carter \ and . Gerald, .' Peri -, and «- - Lovell.
Powers ' and i Freed , and - Clara' Palmer Hyde. > "
- , -.-.! Reserved . Seats, • 25c. Matinee . Sunday.
• = Wff F^ TAI if DARD sH8|: * Ts1 jf!|
I FOR : 'VACATION WEAR J
.* B ! '. ,['¦' "*r All', the leading 'dry Roods and. ' ||
. - RVmTTT furnishing goods sthres sell them. j 'ifniiniilft •¦*;'-" ••¦
- ':¦ -I > ; F1^cl8Co. i^ffijga^'.i* . ".
- DIRT CLEARANCE. | f £||^
|$?4TjT, is a ; good plan for every bather to know
MMI something of the soap he uses. There is a
l|j||E well-founded objection to using a floor-dean-
|§g # j. I soap upon the human body. Ivory Soap
is the bather's soap. It costs more than common
soaps, but the difference is In the ingredients and
making. Why not treat yourself with a little respect.
Is not the human skin with its marvellous delicacy
entitled to pure soap ? Ivory Soap.— it floats.
?.; . COmiOMT IMI S* n« WOOttll * (MUCH £0, ClttCIMUTI
ADVERTISEMENTS.He brought the vessel to- this city, from
Manila, and was' then-: made attending
surgeon to .the. Philippine commission.
When the .work of this body, was finished
he S was made president of ¦ the I Board of
Medical Officers - appointed to' determine
the fitness. of the soldiers for service In
the islands. He only returned -home for
treatment when his condition rendered it
absolutely necessary.. When en route from
the islands he passed the ¦ transport which
was conveying his wife to his bedside.
She arrived in Manila fully a week .after
he had taken. his departure, thus delay
ing a long-looked-for meeting. .. " '
.:. Many, of the clerks ] at army; he f adquar
ters visited the general hospital* at the
Presidio ; yesterday" .and decorated the
room of. Majors Kneedler , with flowers.
Major . Kneedler !was. formerly attending
surgeon. of the Department of California,
and ¦ Is . one of the . most popular army of
.fleers ever 'connected with' -the depart
ment. ' He ; contracted dysentery in the
Philippines, and remained at his post un
til the disease had \ made such inroads
upon his constitution that he was com
pelled to return home for treatment. Ma
jor Kneedler is recognized as: an official
of great/ merit in; army' circles." At the
outbreak of the war" he .was relieved from
duty at San Diego barracks and ordered
to Cuba.. ; , His 'work in the hospitals of
Havana "•; was of ; Buch a nature . that he
was given unstinted praise by every; one.
; He; was then- sent , to' Manila, via the
.Suez canal, on the hospital ship Mis-
I souri, and added to his reputation by his
performance of the duties of -executive
officer of that vessel. . :..'- ¦ , , -.-
General ; A." W. , Greely, chief signal of
ficer of the army, arrived' here yesterday
from Washington. V He % will - . leave for
Manila to-day on. the Sheridan. On his
arrival in • the Philippines, he will start
on a tour of inspection of the work of the
signal; corps in the Islands. ,, ..
The ¦ nine hundred men "comprising the
Forty-sixth^ Regiment . U.\ S. Volunteers
were discharged j from the service ". of Un
cle I Sam yesterday" "at ' the Presidio. . The
average payment to each man was 5230.
Most of the officers of "the regiment will
remain] here for a j few days and undergo
an examination for commissions . In the
regular army. .,/. ;
Army Clerks Decorate With
Flowers Room of a Popu
1:'-lar Officer. . T
Nine Hundred Men of
the Forty-Sixth Regi
- ment Paid Off. ;¦
MORE SOLDIERS
MUSTERED OUT
PACIFIC COAST COMPANY'S EXCURSION STEAMSHIP CORONA. SHE
SAILS TO-DAY FOR SAN DIEGO, STOPPING LONG ENOUGH AT WAT
PORTS TO GIVE THE EXCURSIONISTS A RUN ASHORE
United States Coast I and Geodetic Survey—
..Times; and. Heights of High and "Low
- Waters > at Fort Point, entrance to San
, Francisco Bay. 1 Published by official au
¦ thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SOUTHAMPTON - Sailed May 31 - Stmr
Deutschland, from Hamburg, for New York. /
NEW YORK— Arrived May 31— Stmr Brit
annia, from Naples.
MOVILLE— Sailed May 31— Stmr " Furnessia,':
for New York; stmr Corinthian, for Montreal:
both from Qlasg-ow."
SATURDAY, JUNE 1.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of. the tides
the early morning tides are 'given in the left
hand column and. the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are -in addition to 'the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the • lower low waters. !
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
¦ -¦ . %
FROM SEATTLE.'
PENNSYLVANIA : SYSTEM of Rail
ways. Office— 30 Montgomery street . • •'
Time; Ball.
Branch .* Hydrographio \ Of flee, : U. S. • N.;* Mer
* chants', . Exchange, San, Francisco, ¦ Cal.,
¦¦¦':¦ May Jl/1901. . ¦ - ' - •-.., * V j .-,--¦'• v<
"The time ball on the tower of the new. Ferry
building:' 'was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1." : e.;>-at noon i of . the ! 120th • meridian: >, Or 'at 1 8
i o'clock 'p.'. m.v'f Greenwich; time, '-.«. '*&- ¦ -\ i? C. .*<•
-¦•• ; --^:^---rv^y--(?::^^J;!C;-:BURNETT, : 4 r ;'
. Lieutenant, U. S. N., ; retired, in charge.*;- >
Several weeks ago the Pacific Coast
Company started a regular line of excur
sion boats between here and San Diego
and the venture has been such a success
that the company is sorry it did not try
it long ago. Three of the flnest steam
ships on the coast— Queen, Santa Rosa
and Corona — are on the route, and/to-day
the Corona sails with every berth ¦ taken,
and would-be passengers turned away
Sho will stop at all the way ports, giving 1
the passengers a chance to get a run
ashore. At Port Harford a visit can be
made to the sulphur baths, while at Santa
Barbara the mission and the famous min
eral eprings can be , Inspected, and from
San Diego a short run can be made into
Mexico. A magnificently, illustrated book
has been got up by the steamship com
pany, describing the trip south, a copy of
which can be obtained by tourists.
Excursion Steamships a Success.
Southern Pacific Kastern excursions,
June 3 and 4: Buffalo and return. $87: St.'
Paul and return, $67 $0; Kansas City and
return, $60. Tickets on sale June 2 and 4
limit 60 days, stopovers going and return
ing; choice of routes. Full information at
Southern Pacific office. 613 Market street.
Incidentally there will be one more
leave-taking on the transport wharf after
the Sheridan gets away. Captain N. P.
Batchtider. U. S. N., will superintend the
departure of two hundred and odd school
mcrms. who are going to the Philippines
on the transport, and then he intends tak
ing: a two weeks' vacation. . There will be
no transports in port for ten davs or
more, and, judging by what he has had
4 n put up with so far, the gallant captain
thinks he will require a two weeks' rest
after he is through with this morning's
fiiesre. All hands ¦will gather in the main
office this afternoon to wish Captain
Batcbelder an enjoyable holiday. •
The steamship Palena. from South and
Centra! American ports; the Australia,
frcm Tahiti, and the Sonoma., from Aus
tralasia, are all expected to-day, while the
transport Sheridan sails for Manila and
the Ft. Paul for Nome.
A Busy Day Expected.
. .. OCEAN: STEAMERS. '
• BOSTON— Arrived May 31— Stmr . Sylvanla,'
from ¦-•Liverpool; .stmr. Commonwealth, - from '¦
Liverpool.' *¦¦ ;•'¦•>'.'..¦¦. . . • ''-;¦-,• ¦> . • •¦
. Sailed. May 21 — Stmr Ivernla,for Liverpool.* -¦>
: ' ROTTERDAM— Sailed _> May - 30— Stmr „ Maas
dam7 for New • York. -,' «' "'•,.. ;<-'..-*•,.-¦ .:.^.'.'
' iLIVERPOOL^Sailed : May . 81-^Stmr ; GeorglcV
*ar New .York. • • ., • . ..<?•-«
, FOREIGN PORTS. '
• IQUIQUE— Arrived - May 27— Br ship Olive
bank, from Santa Rosalia. , '• ¦.-. ' .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 29— Br ship
Inchcape Rock, from Oregon, i May 30-^Br ship
Sokoto, hence Jan 27; Br ship . Scottish Isles,'
from Oregon; Br bark Invercoe. hence Jan 16:
Br.shlp Luclpara, from Oregon;. Br ship .Port
Stanley, hence Jan 31; -bark Sofala, from Ta
coma. ' -¦¦' : . ¦ -• ' i ' -¦• ¦• :_¦ ¦, .... -• ¦
Sailed May 29— Br ship Marion Lightbody; for
Cardiff; Br ship Port Stanley," for Antwerp.;
'¦'. LONDON, ; May 29— Fire on- Br ship Ardtm
cralg,' previouely^reDOrted, has , been", extln-'
guished. '...¦-• ¦• •'¦¦.¦• ¦•'-*¦- <¦ . r - —
; ANTWERP— Arrived .May.. 28— Fr < bark.;Eu
genie Fautrel, hence Jan 23." May 29— Br bark
Bermuda, hence Jan 16. ¦. * "¦• '• \**v£
Sailed May 11 — Ger Etmr Numantia, for San
Francisco. ¦,-*." ¦ '-
- CARDIFF— Arrived* May SO— Br ship Marlon
Lightbody, from'Oregon. » .. • >. «¦;
I COLON- Arrived . .May v 28— Stmr .Allianca,
from New .York. J " ¦ • ¦ • ¦ , ¦¦ . ' » ; ¦•¦•..•-
Sailed May 28— Stmr Advance, . for : New York.'
. FALMOUTH— Arrived May «0— Br bark Dun
rerean, from Tacoma, . ¦ ,¦ t
I HAMEURG— Arrived May 30— Ger bark 'Als
terufer..from "Oregon. ••,... .<* , P \
' CALLAO— Sailed May 24— Ger stmr Hermoii
thls," for San francisco. " \ . / *
YOKOHAMA— Arrived -- May 29— Br f: . stmr
Queen Adelaide, from ¦ Tacoma. , ¦ v , .
Sailed May 80 — Stmr Tacoma, for Tacoma.^
KIHEI— Arrived May 16— Bktn Mary Winkel
man, from Newcastle, Aus. .
ELEELE— Arrived May^> 17— Schr Kailua,
from Honolulu; Bchr G W Watson, hence April
26. May 6— Schr Columbia; from Honolulu. •
KAANAPALI— Sailed- May ¦ , schr F 8
Redfleld, for San Francisco..
- HAN A— Sailed May 10— Schr O , M Kellogg-,
for San Francisco. " . . ' , -
LAHAINA— Arrived May , schr Honolulu,
from' Newcastle, Aus. . ., ..... -
ISLAND PORTS.
Stmr Sonoma, Van Oterendorp, 22 days from
Sydney, 6 days from Honolulu.
. Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, 18 hours from Hardy i
Creek.
Stmr Rival, Johnson,' 65 hours from Willapa
Harbor.
Br ship Monkbarns, McNeeley, 154 days from
Hamburg. , . .
Brig W G Irwin, Garthley, EH days from
Roche Harbor. • •
Schr Conflanza, Jacobson, 4 days from Co
qullle River. ¦ ' ; •'.-;,-»
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 24 hours i from
Bihlers Point.
Schr Sailor Boy, Nygram, 5% days from Ta
coma. | - - •
Schr J Q Wall, Anderson, 36 Hours from, Eu
reka. ¦ ).
CLEARED. - —
Friday, May 31.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co. . ~
Stmr Hyades, Garlick, Seattle; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. '-" -" ¦"" . r ¦„,*•-.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;.
Goo.iall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Warfleld, .Watson, Comox; John Ro
senfeld's Sons.
Bark Olymolc, Gibbs, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, May 31.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall, Victoria. -
Stmr Eureka. .Jessen, Eureka. ..
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. .
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Westport, Ertckson, Eureka. " \
Br stmr Wyefield, Watson, Comox.
Bark Olympic, Gibbs, Honolulu.
Stmr Hyades. Garlick, Seattle.
' i..; SPOKEN.
May 10, lat 4 N, Ion 28 W— Ger ship Alster
kamp, from Oregon, for Queenstown. _i
DISASTER.
Schr Nettie Sundborg went ashore on the
rocks at Fort Ross, but got oft with loss of.
rudder. Vessel Is leaking slightly. .
MISCELLANEOUS. '
UNALASKA. May 15— A considerable" lot of
new lumber has been washed ashore on Un
alaska Island, south side, at Karshega Village,
and some lumber with copper piping attached
to it marked E C. Schr C T Hill sailed from
here April 30, but returned May 6, having met
ice 35 miles south of St George Island.
TELEGRAPHIC. - ' i '. ¦'
POINT LOBOS, May 31. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.- •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 31— Schr
Robert Searles. from Honolulu.
POINT REYES— Passed May 31— Br ship
Monkbarns, from Hamburg, for San Francisco
TILLAMOOK— Sailed | May 30— Stmr W H
Krug-er, for San Francisco. . .
SEATTLE— Sailed- May 30— Stmr Senator, for
Nome. > -
Sailed May 30— Schr P J Abler, for Nome;
schr Mildred, for Alaska.
Arrived May 31 — Stmr Victorian, from
Skaguay. . '
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed May" 31— Schr Me
teor, for San Pedro. May 30— Br ship Drum
cralg, for Port Plrte.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 31— Stmr Nation
al City, for San Francisco. - " .:
ASTORIA— Arrived May 31— Br ship Nivelle,
from Hongkong. ¦ «¦
Sailed May 31— Br stmr Indrapura, for Yoko-'
hama.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May 31-Schr .Azalea,
for Fairhaven. • . • ¦ ¦ .
NAKNBK— Arrived May 7— Schr Prosper,
hence March 25. - ¦ - . . ,- . ¦•...,* .
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived May 12— Stmr Kvi
chak,'hence April 27. May 4— Stmr President,
h«nce April 15; strnr Thistle, hence. March 9.
.BRISTOL BAY— Arrived May 12— Schr Occi
dental, from Astoria. • •'¦¦¦¦ .
UNALASKA— Arrived May 9— Stmr Nome
City, from Seattle, and sailed May U for Cape
Nome. May 13— Stmr Kodlak, hence April 6.
TACOMA— Sailed May 31— Bark Highland
Light, for San Francisco. • , ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed out May 31— Stmr Czar
ina, . for San Francisco.
; PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 31—
Stmr Aberdeen, from Eureka; stmr San Mateo,'
from Nanaimo: stmr Samoa,'! hence May, 7.
Sailed May 31— Stmr Aberdeen, for . ' ,
The steamer Maxlposa sailed Thursday for
Sydney and way ports with a general • cargo
valued at $169,236. exclusive of merchandise
destined for Honolulu. The cargo was mani
fested ag. follows: For Australia, $146,933; New
Zealand. $20,002; Fiji Islands, $939; Samoa, $606;
Cape Town, $756. The following were the prin
cipal exports: . • • - < .'. ¦ . .
- For Australia; — 1322 cs boots and shoes, 1380 c«
canned goods, 2464 ctls barley, 209,750 lbs cof
fee, 1292 lbs dried fruit, 850 doors, 21 cs dry
goods, 11 es electrical cupplles, 65 cs fuser-373
lbs hops, 14 cs hardware, 18 cs ' leather, 68 pkg
machinery, 100 pkg oil, 34 bdls overalls, , 5917
lbs seeds, 8 bdls shooks. 60 cs salmon. 6 bales
twine, RS cs table meal, 1080 gals, 8 cs whisky.
For New Zealand— 11 cb boots and shoes, 10
bales broom corn, 5336 lbs dried fruit, 4 cs
electrical supplies, 15 cs fuse, 43 pkg groceries
and provisions, 98 pkg machinery, 165 bdls
paper, 170 -pkg raisins, 294 cs salmon, 350 cs
table meals.- ¦ ~- . ., ¦ . f . , .
For .FIJI Islands— 1080 lbs tobacco," , SO cs 3
kits salmon, 104 cs canned {roods, 200 lbs cod
fish. 60 lbs hops.
For Samoa— 20 bbls flour, 420 lbs ham and
bacon. GOO lbs bread, 21 cs canned goods, 10
bales twine. 1 cs dry goods. • ¦ - • .-.
For Cape Town— 50 cs salmon, 9000 lbs dried
fruit. : - • : ,¦ - ....-.¦. r v-'.i,-tv.
'.•-¦.; '. > ¦ ¦¦
Shipping: • Intelligence.
ARRIVED.- -J . •-»¦
.-" . • ' Friday, May 31. •
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17% hours from Eureka:
Etmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 64 hours from San
Pedro. -'¦-• - ¦ ¦ ••, .:..' ¦
Stmr. Chlco, Dearborn. ¦' 84 hours from - En-
Benada. t - . - . ¦ .
Stmr Alcazar, ; Martin, ; 47 '. nouns , from - Port
Los Anceles.-- .,-,•¦..>.• './V •¦ :;.:,' J y;>'j; J 'Vw
- Stmr Geo . Loomis, Bridsett,*4i hours from
Ventur*. ¦ ¦ • . : • ¦ . -. - : • .- •
The Mariposa's Cargo.
The coinage at the local branch mint during
the month of May was t3.533.000, against $3,780,
000 during May, 1900. The descriptions were
as follows: Double eagles, $3,820,000; eagles,
S4.2OO.O00; half eagles, $1,305,000; standard dol
lars, $210,000. Since tho first of the fiscal year
the coinage amounts to $73,253,926. af?alnsrf£>9,
017,975 during the same period in 1900.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Walla Walla, which sailed yes
terday for Victoria, carried merchandise for
British Columbia valued at $15, 2S5. The -cargo
included the following:
4 cyis nmmonla, 1762 Ibi. butter, 120 cs canned
goods. ISA cs chocolate. 1744 lbs cheese. 968 lbs
coffee, 1180 lbs dried fruit, 5 cs dry goods, IS
cs drugs, 250 bbls flour, 2020 pkg fruit, 71- pkg
rrocerief. and provisions, 163,483 lbs malt,- 27
pkg- machinery, 115 tins matches, -7 cs metal
polish, 96 cr onions, 503 pkg paste, 204 sks po
tatoes, 15 pkg raisins, 5000 lbs bar sugar, 80,000
lbs salt.' 8 bales twine, 410 pkg vegetables, 7
cs. 60 eals wine.
Mint Coinage.
Receipts of duties on imports at this port
for the month of May were $575,360. making
the total receipts slnca January 1 $2, 759, 827.
Customs Receipts.
The Tosemite will load lumber at this port
for Melbourne (lump sum); the British steamer
Almond Branch, lumber at Blakeley for Cal
cutta. 72s 6d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.'
Water Front Notes.
E. E. Engblom, a sailor on the ship
Henry Villard, fell down the hold of the
vessel yesterday and fractured his skull.
He died in the Emergency Hospital.
Matthew Grimes severed the radial
artery in his right wrist on the steamer
Santa. Rosa, and H. Bawaraza sprained
his ankle on the steamer Bonita. Both
men were taken to the Harbor Hospital.
Peterson's launches will run to the bat
tleship Iowa to-day and to-morrow. The
warship leaves for the Sound In a few
days.
Lieutenant J. P. McGinniss has been de
tached from the Alert and ordered to the
battleship Iowa.
Uncle Sam is going to curtail his trans
port fleet and in consequence there will
be nine steamships seeking outside busi
ness next month. All the chartered ves
sels will be released on their arrival here
and many of them will go back Into the
regular trade.
The Aztec is now out nine days from
Nagasaki for this port. On her arrival
she will be turned over to the Pacific
Mail Company. The Pennsylvania, Ohio
and Indiana of the Empire line are all
on their way here from Manila and will
be released on arrival. They originally
came here from the East for the Klon
dike trade, but have been running as
transports almost ever since they reached
the coast. The chances are that they
will go into the Nome trade.
The British steamships Pak Ling, Gla
morganshire, Lennox and Kintuck and the
Norwegian steamship Tnyra are all due
on the coast during June and will be
turned back to their agents just as quick
ly as Uncle Sam can get rid of them.
The Lennox and Kintuck will go' to Port
land and may run from there to the Or
ient, the Thyra may go back Into the
coal trade, while the Pak Ling and .Gla
morganshire will probably go to the
Sound. The return of the volunteers and
the addition of Eastern transports to the
San Francisco fleet gives Uncle Sam all
the vessels he wants without the assist
ance of outsiders. The purchase of the*
Samoa gives the service a steamship that
can carry 10,000 tons of merchandise, or
as much as any three of the vessels
released.
•
"Wreckage Washed Ashore.
The Merchants' Exchange received
word from Unalaska yesterday that a
considerable quantity of new lumber had
been washed ashore about May 15. 8ome
of it was marked E. C. and had piping
attached.
The schooner C. T. Hill, which sailed
from Unalaska for the Seal Islands on
April 30, turned back on May 6, owing to
having encountered ice thirty-five miles
south of St. George Island.
The schooner Nettie Sundborg, which"
left here May 23, was ashore at Fort Ross
yesterday. She got off with the loss of
her rudder. The vessel is leaking slightly.
TJncle Sain "Will Return Nine Vessels
to Owners This Month.
CHARTERED VESSELS RELEASED
POLITICIANS are at . work and
the ax fell with systematic regu
larity on the water front yester
day. As the result of yesterday's
decapitations an even score of
heads fell into the basket and the work
Is not yet completed. Next week will
see a number of other changes in the
working force of the Harbor Commission.
"When John C. Kirkpatrlck succeeded
Major Harney on the board he suggested
that the work of driving piles along the
front be let by contract. The suggestion
was accented and bids called for. One
of the offers was accepted, and in con
sequence all the men on the State's pile
driver were let out yesterday. Their
names are: J. FJanagan, M. Damuth, P.
J. Kelly, C. R. Hale, G. J. Britt, C. E.
Fowler, G. Godfrey. T. F. McGrath, F.
Perate and Ed Franklin.
The other changes were the result of
Major Harney's retirement. Commission
er Kirkpatrick now controls the patron
age and his appointees are replacing those
whose time has expired. James Foster
succeeds M. O'Brien in the street depart
ment, James Graham succeeds P. Carroll
and James Ginnity succeeds E. Maloney
as sweepers; James Faulkner succeeds M.
J. Dwyer as watchman, Thomas F. Mc-
Grath succeeds William Morrisey as
boatmih, G. W. Kinsell succeeds Frank
Skelly as painter, G. Kohlhoff succeeds
M. J. Curtin and James W. Walker suc
ceeds W:' F. Brown as deckhands on the
tugs, H. Jacobs succeeds D. J. Consldine
and Thomas Wycoff succeeds J. Ryan as
wharf patchers, Charles Bohrs succeeds
P. Healey as- janitor and James Mullen's
place as machinist is abolished.
C. E. Hale and T. F. McGrath of the
piledriver were given other positions by
the board. Hale succeeds J. Fennell on
the top driver and McGrath succeeds Mor
risey as boatman. A number of changes
among the wharfingers and collectors will
be made by the board at its next regular
meeting. ,
There was? no rivalry in the election of
cfScf-rs. J. M. Elliott of Los Angeles was
elected president, and the position of vice
president, vacated by him, was filled by
the election of J. K. Lynch of the First
>"jittorsil BarV of San Francisco. The
lest of the officers were re-elected, with
t ..i l«o ct.aiiges in tne executive council.
as follows: G* W. Kline, Crocker-Wool
vcrth National Bank, treasurer; R. M.
¦\\eich. San Francisco Savings Union, sec
retary. Executive council — Frank Miller,
National Bank of D. O. Mills & Co., Sac
r;<tnento, chairman; I. Steinhart, Anglo-
Oslifornian Bank, Ltd.. San Francisco;
"\\. A. Hale, Bank of Martinez; C. W.
Buch. Bank of Yolo, Woodland; A..H. R.
Schmidt. German Savings and Loan Soci
ety. San Francisco; J. R. Ryland, Com
mercial Bank, Lo? Gatos; E. P. Foster,
Bank of Ventura; Richard Bradley, Bank
of Porterville: J. F. Brooke, Safe Deposit
Bank of San Jose.
Elliott Elected President
A resolution thanking the local bankers
and citizens for the attention shown the
members of th-i association was adopted.
Whereas. The proposed amendment to the
ccnFtitutlon of the State of California, which
provided for the exemption from taxation of
Suite, county, municipal and school bonds, was
defeated at the last general election: and
whereas it is the belief of the California Bank
ers' Association that the people did not fully
understand the advantages which would have
resulted from the adoption of said amendment;
and whereafi. steps have been taken that the
matter be again submitted to the vote of the
people. Be it
Resolved. That the California Bankers' As
sociation take all honorable means to instruct
the voters of this State of the- benefits that
may be derived by the adoption of an amend
ment to the constitution of our State, exempt
ing frrrn taxation State, county, municipal and
schecj bonds.
Retolved, That we invite the Code Commis
sion, now In session, to make amendment to
our law in the respect above mentioned, and
to make such other amendments as may occur
to said commission as needed after' a com-,
parison of ours with the laws of the States
above mentioned.
Whereas, That under the laws of our State
promissory notes bearing special covenants are
thereby rendered non-negotiable and knowing
that we are In conflict with the laws of neigh
boring and many Eastern States which have
adopted a uniform law for negotiable Instru
ments; and whereas, the attempt to adopt the
came law for this State failed. Therefore be It
Kesolved, That the members of this associa
tion will by petition and otherwise severally
labor to procure the tnactment cf a law at
the next session of the State Legislature au
thorizing in some form at the option of parties
interested the extension of the corporate ex
istence of corporations.
Whereas. The corporate existence cf sundry
banks, members of this association, fixed In
their articles of corporation will be reached at
an early day; and whereas, it Is desirable for
the banks themselves,' their depositors and
debtors and the community at large that power
thail be given by the law for them to extend
the periods of their corporate existence without
the necessity of liquidation. Therefore
The resolutions committee submitted
the following, all of which were unani
mously adopted:
Resolutions Adopted.
A paper on "The Client of a Country
Bank." by J. J. Morey of the Pajaro Val
ley Bank, was read by W. B. Porter of
Watsonville.
C. W. Bush of Yolo followed with the
subject, "'Banker and Patron." His pa
per mentioned the relations that should
exist between these two.
"Corporations as Bank Customers"
was handled by James K. Lynch of the
First National Bank of San Fr^icisco.
Be termed the present era a "corporation
age," and said the public little realized
the magnitude and number of great in
dustries In the country, nor as yet were
thfir benefits appreciated or their dan
gers thoroughly denned. He said it was
most important for bankers to know ex
actly the liabilities of shareholders of
companies organized under the laws of
other States. He urged that bank man
agements be careful in dealing with cor
porations of the latter nature and to
make the transactions so stringent as to
discourage the formations of the con
cerns under the laws of other common
wealths. The transfer of stock by share
holders was referred to and it was sug
gested that it would be wise to adopt a
law that would compel such a move to
be made known at the County Clerk's
office.
Treatment of Corporations.
At the morning session, Henry Brunner
of the Germania. Trust Company of San
Francisco read a paper on "Some Essen
tials of the Modern Corporations." It ex
plained the banking business, in clivers
ways, conducted Tilth corporations, and
offered many suggestions of changes in
the laws that govern the latter that
might well be adopted in future legisla
tion.
SAN JOSE. May 3L— The California
Bankers* Association completed Its busi
ness sessions this afternoon and adjourn
ed sine die. To-morrow their entertain
ment at the hands of the local financiers
will cdnmence and they -will be feasted
and taken for a drive to Alum Rock Park
end other points of interest abaut the
city. The session just closed— the eighth
—is declared to have been the most Inter
esting In the history of the association.
The convention declared itself In favor of
legislation extending the corporate ex
istence of banks without -tbe necessity of
liquidation, a uniform law in regard to
negotiable notes and instruments and .a
resubmission to the voters at the next
ceneral election of the amendment ex
empting State and municipal bonds from,
taxation. Its officers for the ensuing
year tvere chosen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
To-Day Will Be Given Up to
Recreation by the Men
of Finance.
Elliott of Los Aisles
the Associations
President.
BANKERS ELECT
THEIR OFFICERS
. ¦ . ¦ ¦ : ¦¦¦¦-: f -¦¦¦-...; .,<::'¦..¦¦--¦ . , ¦ ' - ¦• ¦ . . ,--..-...-. . - • -
*~~ THE SAN FRANGISCO 'CALL,^ SATURDAY; eTUJNE 1, 1901.
Ten Men, the Crew of the Piledriver, Are Discharged, but Two of
Them Are Given Other Positions— -Twelve Good Democrats; in
Various Departments Have to ; Make l^bom-for Republicans
POLITICAL AX HARD AT WORK
ON HARBOR BOARD EMPLOYES
8
Sun rises
Sun seta
Moon sets ......
..4:48
........7:28
.4:11 a, m.
' Time
Date Ft.
L W
1 ... 4:53—0.3
2 ... • 6:26—0.5
3 .. 6:05—0.6
4 '... 6:43 -0.6
H W
5 ... 0:16 5.6
6 ... 1:00 6.3
7 ... 1:55| 5.0
I Time I
i
H W
12:05
12:48
1:30
2:10
L W
7:24
8:02
8:48
Time
Ft. Ft
L W
4.5 4:16 8.2
4.6 4:56 3.2
4.6 6:34 3.2
4.7 6:23 3.2
H W.
—0.5 2:49 4.8
—0.2 3:27 6.0
0.0 4:09 5.0
Time
Ft.
H W
10:29 6.3
10:58 6.8
11:34 5.7
ii'w "'"
7:15 S.2
8:18 S.I
9:25 2.9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Grace Dollar. . .
Umatilla
North Fork
Australia ,
Newburg.......
I'alena.
Victoria..,....'..
Mat tea wan
Noyo.:
Robert Dollar. .
San Pedro
Queen...
W. H. Kruger.
Coos Bay
Czarina. . .'. . . . .
Acme/.
Eureka
Titania i
Gaelic.
G. W. Elder....
Mandalay
Coronado. ; . . . . .'
Zealandla.... ..
Colombia....;..
Arcata
Pomona .:.
Waahtenaw. .
City of Puebla.
Point Arena....
Crescent City..
Corona.. ....
Santa Roea. ....
Grays Harbor ........'..
Puget Sound. Ports......
Humboldt ...
Tahiti
San Pedro'.. .....". :.V..-.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Oyster Harbor
Tacoma ." ;
Humboldt •.......';.. I
Seattle and Hadlock....
San. Pedro
San Diego
Tillamook Bay
San Pedro andWay Pts
Seattle and Tacoma....
San ' Pedro . ."
Humboldt •
Nanalmo ........¦..'...:...
China and Japan....'.'..'.
Portland and Astoria...
Coquille River :...'.
San Pedro
Honolulu ? ."..;....
Valparaiso .& Way Pts
Coos Bay*........;
Humboldt ................
iTacoma .' :..
Pugret Sound Ports
Point Arena.
Crescent City ..........
Newport .................
San Diego
June :
June ]
June - 1
June ]
June ]
June ]
June !
June :
June i
June i
June ; I
June 5
June ;
June i
June ;
June i
June !
June !
June ',
June '
June | <
June '.
June i
June i
June i
June .'
June - E
June (
June (
June (
June <
June (
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Rainier..
Empire........
Corona......./
Point Arena..
St. Paul.......
Newburgr.. ...".
South Coast. .
CD. Lane;.
Pomona.......
Columbia.....
Santa Rosa.'.
Czarina..... \.
Leelanaw.....
Grace Dollar.
Rival ...:
San Pedro....
• • ;."" June X. - •) - :
Seattle - & N. What
Coos Bay *....''..'.;;.'.
Newport ....v./..*:.
Point Arena :.:.'..:
Nome .via Seattle-
Grays Harbor : ¦ . . : .'.
Humboldt . . . . : I. .".;-;
Vb Jane 2. .."- g
Nome^via* Seattle..
Humboldt I .'. /. .~. . :;:
Astoria &: Portland
San- Diego '."..-..¦..;.
•¦ V!vJnne 3. i r. -¦¦>.
Seattle & . Tacoma.
N~ Y., v. Panama.-.
Grays Harbor . . . : .
Willapa Harbor , .-.
Humboldt '¦ . ."'. ; . :.V..
'•• ;• June ; 4: ';-¦<¦¦'.
Humboldt ...•..".¦";..".
Humboldt ..;.......
Newport ...... .-. . :':.
¦ '¦'June S. -'.-.-.
Beattle &- Everett..
Humboldt . ¦.:. .:.:...
Puget Sounds Ports
San Di?Bo :.
' .."'X June 6. • .
China and Japan...
Seattle fc'Hadlock.
'>.-* June T. ¦ • _.• I
Mexican I Ports" .V..]
Astoria I & , Portland
Valparaiso I & "Way
CoquiUe River.
Coos ¦. Bay -;.". . .". :. .". :
S pm
12 . m
9 am
2 pm
2 pm
5 pm
2 pro
I ¦.¦'¦,¦•:
12 m
1:30 p
11 am
9 am
5 pm
'2 pm
5 pm
2 pm
Pier " 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier . 2
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier , 2
Pier 14
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 8
Pier 16
Pier 2
5th st.
Pier . 2
Noyol.. ":...'. i
North Fork...
Bonlta.... '...."
5 pm
9 am
9 am
Pier it 2
Pier .r 2
Pier 11
Coronado.... 1 .
Eureka
Umatllla. . . .
Queen...:
5 pm
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 5 9
Pier 11
City Peking..
Robt.- Dollar.
1 pm
— pm
PMSS;
Pier .,2
Curacao^.'....".
O. W. Elder..
Palena........
Mandalay....'.
Arcata......;.
10 am
11 am
2 pm
S pm
4 pm|
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 27
Pier .3
|Pler 13
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Oregon..'.*.:;/!..
Humboldt......
City of Topeka.
Victorian.......
Conomaugh:...-
State of Cal...,
South Portland
Farallon.:v.*.".:.
City of Seattle.
Nome & " Port Clarence. iJune 1
Skagruay & Way . Ports. Juno 1
Skaguay & i Way ¦ Ports. June . 2
Skaguay < & Way • Ports. June 2
Nome .via:': St. Michael. June 4
Skaguay &; Way > Ports. June 5
Nome,\ Teller & Topkuk Jule-6
Skagruay & Way Ports.. June: 7
Skaguay & .Way Ports.. June 8
Sun rises
Sun seta
Moon sets ......
..4:48
........7:28
.4:11 a, m.
' Time
Date Ft.
L W
1 ... 4:53—0.3
2 ... • 6:26—0.5
3 .. 6:05—0.6
4 '... 6:43 -0.6
H W
5 ... 0:16 5.6
6 ... 1:00 6.3
7 ... 1:55| 5.0
I Time I
i
H W
12:05
12:48
1:30
2:10
L W
7:24
8:02
8:48
Time
Ft. Ft
L W
4.5 4:16 8.2
4.6 4:56 3.2
4.6 6:34 3.2
4.7 6:23 3.2
H W.
—0.5 2:49 4.8
—0.2 3:27 6.0
0.0 4:09 5.0
Time
Ft.
H W
10:29 6.3
10:58 6.8
11:34 5.7
ii'w "'"
7:15 S.2
8:18 S.I
9:25 2.9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Grace Dollar. . .
Umatilla
North Fork
Australia ,
Newburg.......
I'alena.
Victoria..,....'..
Mat tea wan
Noyo.:
Robert Dollar. .
San Pedro
Queen...
W. H. Kruger.
Coos Bay
Czarina. . .'. . . . .
Acme/.
Eureka
Titania i
Gaelic.
G. W. Elder....
Mandalay
Coronado. ; . . . . .'
Zealandla.... ..
Colombia....;..
Arcata
Pomona .:.
Waahtenaw. .
City of Puebla.
Point Arena....
Crescent City..
Corona.. ....
Santa Roea. ....
Grays Harbor ........'..
Puget Sound. Ports......
Humboldt ...
Tahiti
San Pedro'.. .....". :.V..-.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Oyster Harbor
Tacoma ." ;
Humboldt •.......';.. I
Seattle and Hadlock....
San. Pedro
San Diego
Tillamook Bay
San Pedro andWay Pts
Seattle and Tacoma....
San ' Pedro . ."
Humboldt •
Nanalmo ........¦..'...:...
China and Japan....'.'..'.
Portland and Astoria...
Coquille River :...'.
San Pedro
Honolulu ? ."..;....
Valparaiso .& Way Pts
Coos Bay*........;
Humboldt ................
iTacoma .' :..
Pugret Sound Ports
Point Arena.
Crescent City ..........
Newport .................
San Diego
June :
June ]
June - 1
June ]
June ]
June ]
June !
June :
June i
June i
June ; I
June 5
June ;
June i
June ;
June i
June !
June !
June ',
June '
June | <
June '.
June i
June i
June i
June .'
June - E
June (
June (
June (
June <
June (
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Rainier..
Empire........
Corona......./
Point Arena..
St. Paul.......
Newburgr.. ...".
South Coast. .
CD. Lane;.
Pomona.......
Columbia.....
Santa Rosa.'.
Czarina..... \.
Leelanaw.....
Grace Dollar.
Rival ...:
San Pedro....
• • ;."" June X. - •) - :
Seattle - & N. What
Coos Bay *....''..'.;;.'.
Newport ....v./..*:.
Point Arena :.:.'..:
Nome .via Seattle-
Grays Harbor : ¦ . . : .'.
Humboldt . . . . : I. .".;-;
Vb Jane 2. .."- g
Nome^via* Seattle..
Humboldt I .'. /. .~. . :;:
Astoria &: Portland
San- Diego '."..-..¦..;.
•¦ V!vJnne 3. i r. -¦¦>.
Seattle & . Tacoma.
N~ Y., v. Panama.-.
Grays Harbor . . . : .
Willapa Harbor , .-.
Humboldt '¦ . ."'. ; . :.V..
'•• ;• June ; 4: ';-¦<¦¦'.
Humboldt ...•..".¦";..".
Humboldt ..;.......
Newport ...... .-. . :':.
¦ '¦'June S. -'.-.-.
Beattle &- Everett..
Humboldt . ¦.:. .:.:...
Puget Sounds Ports
San Di?Bo :.
' .."'X June 6. • .
China and Japan...
Seattle fc'Hadlock.
'>.-* June T. ¦ • _.• I
Mexican I Ports" .V..]
Astoria I & , Portland
Valparaiso I & "Way
CoquiUe River.
Coos ¦. Bay -;.". . .". :. .". :
S pm
12 . m
9 am
2 pm
2 pm
5 pm
2 pro
I ¦.¦'¦,¦•:
12 m
1:30 p
11 am
9 am
5 pm
'2 pm
5 pm
2 pm
Pier " 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier . 2
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier , 2
Pier 14
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 8
Pier 16
Pier 2
5th st.
Pier . 2
Noyol.. ":...'. i
North Fork...
Bonlta.... '...."
5 pm
9 am
9 am
Pier it 2
Pier .r 2
Pier 11
Coronado.... 1 .
Eureka
Umatllla. . . .
Queen...:
5 pm
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 5 9
Pier 11
City Peking..
Robt.- Dollar.
1 pm
— pm
PMSS;
Pier .,2
Curacao^.'....".
O. W. Elder..
Palena........
Mandalay....'.
Arcata......;.
10 am
11 am
2 pm
S pm
4 pm|
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 27
Pier .3
|Pler 13
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Oregon..'.*.:;/!..
Humboldt......
City of Topeka.
Victorian.......
Conomaugh:...-
State of Cal...,
South Portland
Farallon.:v.*.".:.
City of Seattle.
Nome & " Port Clarence. iJune 1
Skagruay & Way . Ports. Juno 1
Skaguay & i Way ¦ Ports. June . 2
Skaguay < & Way • Ports. June 2
Nome .via:': St. Michael. June 4
Skaguay &; Way > Ports. June 5
Nome,\ Teller & Topkuk Jule-6
Skagruay & Way Ports.. June: 7
Skaguay & .Way Ports.. June 8
Pears'
; Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a \
\ soap that depends _ on-^
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you^wish; and the
money . is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts ! of people are !
using it.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
WRITTEN ENDORSEMENTS FROM
MORE THAN
8,000 PHYSICIANS.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm flf 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera County.
' For particulars address FARM. SU Market
Street. 8. F.
NOT A SANITARIUM.
An ' erroneous report " has sained circulation
that the El Monte Hotel at Los Gatos la to be
run aa a sanitarium. ': Mr. John . Nevlll, pro-
prietor of .this popular resort, wishes the pub-
lic to know that the El Monte Hotel will be'
conducted as a strictly flrst-class hotel, offer-
ing; special inducements to families. .
JttAILWAT TBAVEK . \ '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. <¦ Via Sausalito Ferry.
S .'-Commenclne April 28,' 1901. V. '-,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
••¦¦-•¦.: AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55. 8:30. *9:30, 11:00 a. m.
12:45, n:45, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. "6:15, 6:45 p. m.
, EXTRA TRIPS— For - Mill Valley, and -" San
Rafael on • Mondays, Wednesdays, • Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :00. 8 :00. »9 :00. »10 :00, 11 :00, : 11 :30
a. ra., 12:45. »l:30, 2:30. •3:45.,; 5:00,' 6:00, 7:30
p.m. 11:00 a, m._ doe« not run to San Rafael
Sunday*.' : *•':¦, .¦ . • : *
.. Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM - SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
' WEEK DAYS-»6:25. 6:27, 7:47, 8:35. 10 15
a. m.. •12:25.-: 1:15, 2:20, *3:35, 4:40, 6:30 p. m. ••
EXTRA TRIPS on ¦ Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. ¦« ".
SUNDAYS— 6:15, »8:00. 9:45. ¦ *11:00 . a. m.. *1J
m.. 1:00, 2:lB. r •3:80. 4:*0. •5:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. - m. . " '•- .'•¦-... •-¦••¦¦ -¦'. ¦¦; -• -¦'.¦-•.
¦ Trains marked (•) start^from , San ¦ Quentln.'
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAY8-6:45. • 6:45.-:7:55. 8:55. 1030
a. m.. 12:85,-1:45. 2:45. > 3:50,- 5:10,' 5:20 p. m.- -
. EXTRA 'TRIPS on* Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. .--.-.*
SUNDAYS— 6:35.- 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 13-15.
1:20. 2:30," 3:45, 5:00. 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p. ra.
.:; .THROUGH TRAINS. ,' 1
6 :55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. '¦: . ¦A-.-i.-s r -* ¦¦"¦¦¦:¦-. -ir. „-:
- 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and .way sta-
tions. . ¦ •_ ;-..-- . ••.-: - : ¦ .,.-¦-, ;_- -. \-.-r:-u:- :-.• i
6:15 p. m. week i dayo '.(Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalea and way stations. :-~
• 8 a. m. Su nday s— Ca zadera ' and way stations."
10:00 ?• a. m. Sundays— Point .• Reyes ¦ and . way
stations.* •¦' : • ¦/ ¦-¦•¦-• "f-H-jj^l
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARNV ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. I Debility or I
disease wearinaron body anil mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when :
others : fall. UTry. him.!. Charges low. :
Corw a-anrnnlred. Cull or write.
; Dr. JT. X*. GIBBOK. tiau Francisco, CaL' h " '
"ABSQ1IITE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of ¦ y^^^^^j
Terr small and as essf
- -to take as
QCC 1 l/w ri-rrrCoiFOB HEADACHE. QFp
SEt CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. ° LL
); • BHlTTir FOR BILJOUSMESS. nrMIIM!n
GENUINE ViUpr for torpid liver. GENUINE
H Dill FOR CONSTIPATIOH.
U/DADDCD H« FOR SALLOW SKIN. . WRAPPFR
WRAPPER lamB' Iforthecomplexiow ""An'tK
"FRIITTEID QTX TfEHD PAPER."
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
. ¦
V After June 3, and during the
summer, this train will run
semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:00 a. m. Mondays
v and Thursdays, arriving at
2:15 p. m. Thursdays and Sun-
. : *V days.
No other train compares
with it for beauty or perfec-
'¦- tion of service* .
SANTA FE |
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains Iwnv* antl «»r« «lue tm nrrl* • »•
MAN KltAJICWCO.
! (Main line, Foot of Market SteeeL)
uatk — Fbom Mat 28. 190L — armtj
7:30a. Benicia, Subuu, Elmlra. Yftcarill*
Somsey and Uaermmanto 7s8Or
7:3Oa Da»ia, Woodland. KnighU Landing.
MujSTille. UroiUle. 7i51p
7>30a Atlantic Kxpreas— Ogden and EmS 1S:S3p
»:O« a II artinez. Sau ltainon, Vallejo. Nap*.
Calistoca and Bant* Rosa «".23p
»:O« a Iflles, LaUirop, Stockton... 7:air
SsuOANUea, Mendota, Fresno, EUnford.
VIa»U*. Porterrille 4:33?
tiiOi. Sha«tk Express— DatU, Williami (for
Bartlett apringa), Willows. Bed
Blufl, ForUaud. 7>33r
' IiSOa 8an Jose,' Litermore, Stockton.
lone, haorauieuto, PUcerwUlo, '
Mirys.ille, Cbico, KeJ Bluff 4i25?
¦:50a Oakdale, Chinese (Tosemite). So-
nora. Carters 4:25f
»:OOa Hajward. Nlles and Way SUUons.. 1 1 s53a
•iVUa Los Anceles Express — Martinez,
' Tracy, Lathrop. .Stock tou, Merced
" Fresno and Los Angsles ' 7lS3v
- Si30a Vallrjo. Martinez tuU Way Station* BiiiS* :
1«sO»a The Overland Limited— Ogden, Ova- I
ver, Omaha. Chicago •tiSF
fl:OOp Saeraiueuto Uiter Uceituiers «. t 5 ' 0 ' 1 *
8:3»r Hayward, NHrs and Way Stations.. 7:33r
4iUOp Benida. Winters, Bacraniento,
Wouilland, KiiiKQts Landing.
MorjiTllle, Orof 111* I»:S3a
4i00p Martiuen, Una lUiuon, Vallejo,
, Napw, tJallstoua. Santaltosa »i*3a
4i00p NUes, LiTermoxe, Stockton, Lodl... I2.*3f
4 >:»«*¦ Hayward. Nlles, San Jose. IiTcrmor* iS!»3A
4:3np Port Ccsca. Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton 1U:25a
3:U0f Tho Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld. bangns for Santa Bar-
* bars, Los Angeles • S;35a
S:00f Martinis. Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
¦• - eed.Fresno lSiSSr
3:O«p Tosemite 12s33p
3:30p Kew Orleans Express Mendota.
Fresno, EalcersSeld. Los Angeles, ..'.
Dcming, El Paso, Ksw Orlewu
> and East 7:33a.
8:OOr Hajward, Nilo» and 3aa Jose 7iO3»
fSiOOr Vallejo 1I>33a.
6iOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Chojenne.
Omaha, Chicago 13:2.1f
CtOrtr Oriental Mall— Ogdan, Beaver,
Omaha. Chicago. 4>S3r
7«O«r Orogon aud California ICxpreu.qao- -
miiieutii, MarjsilUa, ICaiMiug,
l'urtlHinl, Pirget Hound and Kaa; SiOSa
8i«3pSan Pablo. Fort Costa, Martines
•nd Way Stations 11:33a
t««03p Vallojo 7i33F
COAST LINE (5arroir tisage).
(Foot of Unrkot Street)
}7i4!>a Santa Onu Excursion to SanU Crux
and Principal Way Stations JS:03* '
¦>t5AN«ifark,C0iitsrTllle,8anJose,Felton. -
Boulder Ureek.Santa Cruz and W»y . • ¦ "
SUtlous 3.3»?
t*>13r Newark CenterTlUe, San Jose Now
Alnmitflu, Foitoti, Itoulder Creek,
i Santa Cras and Principal Way
\ '"..• .SUUous fln»5OA
««I3p Newark, San Jose. Los Gatos i jiolaoi
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tt»m SIR rRlKClSCO— Ti*l .f Markit Strut (Slip 8)—
¦ t7:16 0:00 11:00*.*. 1:03-3:00 S:13r.M.
rrtnOlIUND— r<«t*rBcMdw«T.— tR:OO tt) : 0O tS.-M
10;00«.ii. 12:03 fcQQ j-.Qqr.U.
COAST IilNE (Uros.l Kaagt).
- - ¦ (Third and Tovrnsend Sts.)
O:1«»a Ban Joso and Way Stations. «>3«p
47:00a Ran Jose ami Way SUtioiis.. .:.... liSVf
t?:»OA Sunday Excursion for Baa Jcte,
Santo Cruz. Padflo Grore and
• Principal Way Stations. ;3:30r
»>OOa Hau Jo««. Ties PiutM, Santa Crus,
. . " . Taclilc Urn*e, Salinas. San Lois ' -
¦ -¦ Oblspo au.l Principal intennedi«t«
t SUkimis 4ilA».
1O::(Oa San Jose and Way StailonsL 7<3op
/¦Ui3«A Nan Almadeu. / StSOV
I Ii'JIIa Hau Jnae ami Way SUtlons 3.U0r
. i'i: •.¦>!• Sau Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sau .lose,
. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, ' '
Moutareyand l'acllio Grore...... 1IO:43i
:. »i3«p San Joaeand Way Stations 6:3»a
. 1* 1 1 5 r San Jose and Principal WaySutioua »:»^*
' t5:00p San Jose, Lcs Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations {0:00a
Ss30p San .]»¦* ami Principal Way Station* 8:33 a
«>oop Bedwood, Han Joso, Gilrcy, Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10sO3a
O:OOp Del Monte, Monterey. Pacific ClroTo,
. i «•¦¦ Lompoo HHOSa
6:n»p San Jose and Way Stations t»:«(»4
«lli43pSau Jobs and Way Stations......... 7:.10p
A for Morning. ? P for Afternoon.
t fluiidar excepted. J Sunday only
¦ a Saturday only. ~ ' J Tuesdays and Friday*.
¦¦ ¦¦• •¦•,•¦¦¦ " : ~ — : —
«f|7 22 BUFFALO CQ7 00
OH 1,1— And Return 00 I 1 =
VIA; ILLINOIS CENTRAL R. R.
Tickets on Sale
JUNE 3d and 4th
FOR DETAILED INFORMATION
CALL OR ADDRESS
W:H. SNEDAKER, Gen'l Apnt,
: 648:Market^treet.
;M0UNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via SaaMUia rerrr-Foot of Market St.
;;^^2-?.....WEEK DAYS $ fl? F - *•
4:15 f." m! ) "^ "" ¦*•*• "* T AY«SS i o!$t '• !J"
• 8.-00A.M.S - /«:«,„
130 f.m... . • 53of"31
' -» *j FV*A, S>a r ™ ndi8 » *• 8«»»rfl sad **vn, $!.«• »
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sanstalito Fgrry.
BAELWAY TBAVBL. ;
Cheap Rates
laiiilllifj
Santa Fc |
; ¦¦¦..' The places, the rates for the
round trip and the dates of sale
, are below. The other details can
be had of the Santa Fe Agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
* June 3, 4; July 3, 4; Aug. 22,
23; Sept. 5, 6.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 3 and 4.
CINCINNATI, $76.50
'; June 30 and July I.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6. •
COLORADO SPRINGS, $55
July 8 and 9.
DETROIT, $82.25 |J
' July I and 2. ¦
KANSAS CITY, $60.00
June 3 and 4. ' \
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
Aug. 20 and 21. ¦
MILWAUKEE, $74.50 ;
July 17 and IS.
ST. PAUL, $67.90 >
June 3 and 4.
The best service and the pleasantest
way is furnished by the ¦ ;
Santa Ft
641 'MARKET- ST."
/ ' • . " •:¦' ¦-. . ¦ ¦ ' ' - ¦
CALIFORHW: r KORTHWESTEM RY. CO.
• LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. .
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. .11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
S :30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m.. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra - trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. # \ -
San Rafael to San Francisco. ¦
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:15.
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. - , .
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:05, 6:25 p. xa. . ..
Leave I In Effect I ArrlTe
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. f San FYancisav
Week I Sun- j. . I- Sun- I Week
; Days. | days. | Destination. I day a. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
' 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
' ' . ' Fulton. " ,
7:30 am . Windsor. ' • 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
¦ Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am) 5:00 pml Hopland [10:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am[ and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami •. ¦ 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevlllc. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm , • : 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am'
• '• and- . \
5:10 pm[ 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami - , 110:40 am|10:K am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
- '¦ Stages connect at' Santa. Rosa for Hark West
Springs and White Sulphur Splnrgs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geycerville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for 'the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. - Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah. for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
. Springs, . Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John ¦ Day's, Riverside, - Llerley"s, Buckaells :
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, Kort Bragg, -"West-
port, . Usal, Wlllita, Lay tonville. Cummins
Bell's -Springs,. Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer. Scotia
and Kureka. . ' . . = .
". Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - - - . • • . » , . ' . , . . • . . .
. On Sunday -round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ' ¦ S- •
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle 1
- . ' Bulldlns. ,
H. C. WHITING." ¦." - \. R. X. RYAN.*
Gen. Manager. "Gen. Pass. Agrt.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street- Ferry Depot.
¦ ••'-¦ ' ILocal LJm'd Ovrl'd Local
i "Dally. Daily. Daily. Daily.
.Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
"i" Merced ?.. 12:25 p l:17p 1:15 a ........
. "/Fresno.:. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3-05 a ;...'¦
"Hanford. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Visalla :. 4:l0p 4:l0p 4:45a ........
•¦-" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27p 5:05 a .......
¦;" Bksfleld". 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ......
" Kan City. ........ 2:41a 7:30 a
: ¦** Chicago . ...::..;¦¦[ 2:15 p 9:00 p ..-
. a for morning, p for afternoon.- . -> .,
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs'
to : Bakersfleld • for.- accommodation of local
flrst-class *.. passengers. No second-class
ticket? are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-^
-ing train arrives at 11:06 a. m. dally - •'
. 8:00 p. m. is the OverUind Express, with
¦ through - Palace and . Tourist ¦ Sleepers 'and
free ; Reclining .¦• Chair -Car. also Palace
Bleeper.v which cuts out at Fresno.- Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:33 p. m dally
--7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m.' dally
- Of flees— «4X Macket ; street and In Ferry
, Depot/t San ¦-. Francisco; /, lllSr.- Broadway
I Oakland. ¦ :.'- „ ; ¦¦;'¦¦-; r• On your way to picnic or ferry call on
¦ Mohns & * Mohns, 29 Market st. , for finest wines
and Dquors;, biggest -house;, open Sundays. .•..
The Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via stage from Mer
eed. Starting on California- Limited ..to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to
morrow afternoon, passing -Merced Big
Trees en route. /Z9*Bt40&faz3ytt%F&&H£li*t
Ask about it at 641^Iarket street. •
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
Professor Howard of the Stanford Uni
versity delivered a' lecture last night at
Metropolitan Hall on the famous Persian
astronomer-poet, Omar Khayyam, and
his sublime poem, "Then Rubaiyat." He
explained why the translation of the
poem by Edward FitzGerald did not ac
cord in all instances with the thought' and
philosophy of the original. He stated that
while an English poet was the first to
make a fitting tran&latlon of "The Rubai
yat," the. American people were the first
to appreciate Its merit. . • ¦ " : j
Professor Howard Lectures.
In the case of Frank Pierce and others
against the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany United States District Judge de Ha
ven gave a Judgment yesterday In favor
of the plaintiffs for $25 each, making a
total for the 123 plaintiffs of $3075. The
men were returning from China on the
Rio de Janeiro and were given Asiatic
ejearters instead of European steerage
passage, for which they had paid.
Pacific Mail Loses a Case.
¦Mrsi.Mary E. Griffin,' who has petitioned
Judge Coffey for the removal of Ella Ma
loney as guardian of the petitioner's' sis^_
ter, Sarah J. Ashton, 'lost her - temper
when the -case was being heard yester :
day. It, was charged that Miss Maloney
had violated her trust by .transferring a
home Intended : for \ the ' use . of . her : ward.
Attorney J. C. Bates said this action was
necessary in the \ < first - : place to secure
money for the needs of the estate and In
the . second, place to keep the same., from
going to decay, "as there was 'no one ¦ to
live in the home, Mrs. Griffin having been
coir-mitted to • the . asylum/' -When >Mr»;
Griffin heard ; this statement she ¦ jumped
¦ to her feet, shouted "You're a liar," rand
struck the desk. with her fist. s Her. coun
sel quieted her and she left the courtroom
with a friend, v A continuance was i. then
taken .until the guardian -Is ready; to -file
her account.' * • : ¦/; •• ' .*': ' /V.-VJ. :,*";'.*"
Called Bates a Liar.
The thirtieth, annual picnic . of the Re
tall Grocers' Protective Union will be held
to-morrow at , Schuetzen Park, San Ra
fael, arid promises to be the most success
ful in the history of the organization.
The committees in charge have been hard
at. work. for many ?eeks and an excellent
programme has been prepared for the
outing." There will be races, bowling
contests for money, target practice . for
prizes and a grand tug of war. The ladies
will be given an opportunity to try their
skill' with the rifle, and the winner will
be awarded five cartons of tea. Over 200
gate prizes of considerable . value will be
distributed. , ,
ranged and Many Prizes Will
Be Distributed. ¦ V-
Excellent Programme Has Been Ar-
ANNUAL REUNION OF
THE BETAJL GBOCEBS
Boy Kept in Prison All Night.
> Albert Kemp, a boy 9 years of age, who
was arrested Thursday evening on a war
rant charging him with malicious mis
chief on complaint of I. Jacobs, a tailor
at 4T5B-Tehama. street, Was kept In the
City Prison all night because his -friends
were too poor to put up- $5 cash ball for
his release. His father is a patient in
the City and County Hospital and his
mother is a paralytic, the family < being
supported by. an elder brother, who is a
pctldler.
Harry Esenhauer, , another boy, was ar
rested at the same time, .but he was re
leased on bail. They _ appeared .before
Judge Mogan yesterday and the Judge
dismissed the cases,, remarking that he
wouid abstain in future from Issuing war
rants for the arrest of . children.* Jacobs
complained that • the boys . broke one of
his. windows while playing ball.
SMUGGLED GOODS ON
THE STEAMER TABTAB
Vancouver. Port Officials Capture Du
tiable Merchandise From the .
Chinese Crew.
VANCOUVER/ B.C., May 31.— Customs
officers made an Important seizure of Chi
nese ' silks and a quantity • of cigars and
wines In the quarters of the Chinese crew
on. the steamer Tartar to-day. For sev
eral days the authorities have. been stop
ping Individual Chinese who attempted to
smuggle ashore boxes of cigars or small
articles of Chinese manufacture. . A thor
ough search of the steamer : to-day re
sulted in the capture of dutiable merchan
dise, valued at $2000.
t Customs and police, officials believe they
have . located a Chinese syndicate which
has undertaken wholesale smuggling,
maintaining. a shop in the Chinese quar
" ter for the sale of contraband goods.
Iii the fifty years of work in this city,
the sisters have accomplished one . of
their • dearest wishes, and the orphans'
home in, South San Francisco is a monu
ment, to their untiring efforts. The pres
ent building of St. Vincent's school Is far
too smallto meet requirements and it ia
of studentsr to secure '.a' .'site 'for a new
school. The i early Catholic settlers were
not ' slow to their fitness .: for
their ¦work.. ,
ably attired. The. young Iadle3 will take
part in a "lily drill." Dressed in grace
ful Grecian robes, the young ladies will
execute difficult evolutions to the accom
paniment of vocal numbers. .. •' A - novel
play, entitled "Dottle's Dream," will be
given by the juvenile members of the
girls' classes, and the big stage of the
Grand Opera House promises to be a ver
itable fairyland.
The Tivoll orchestra has been engaged
for the occasion. The .exercises will be
gin at 2:30 p. m. - .. ••..;..;..
Roubolt and his wife lived at 325 Jessie
street. He had been employed as a riveter
at the Union Iron Works. He had been
drinking heavily and became very down
cast: He attempted to shoot his wife last
Thursday, but the plucky woman grappled
with him and took the pistol away. She
then went to the Hall of Justice to pro
cure a warrant for his arrest, but it being
a holiday she was unable to secure one.
She left home yesterday for the purpose
of having him arrested and when she re
turned to the house he was dead. • :
Out of work, . drunk and . despondent,
Frank, Roubolt, a riveter, after failing In
an attempt. to kill his wife,' sent a bullet
into his brain yesterday and ended his ex
istence. - - ; . ¦' ¦'.¦¦•
a Bullet Into His
Brain. *.: '¦'*' -
Falling to Kill His Wife He Sends
BIVETER BOUBOI/T. •
COMMITS SUICIDE
SOME ' OF THE CHILDREN" ¦yVHO WILL TAKE. PART IN THE COM
MENCEMENT OF ST. VINCENT'S SCHOOL, WHEN THE SISTERS OF
CHARITY WILL. ALSO CELEBRATE A GOLDEN JUBILEE. - r *; i .*
¦ ¦',: \ :
Reiterates Her State
ment Under Cross-
Examination.
Ex- Judge . James G. Maguire yesterday
cross-examined little Kum Ylng, the child
taken from the home of her master, Gin
Leung Gow, by Donaldina Cameron of the
Presbyterian Chinese Mission for the pur
pose of showing that she was not, as she
claims, sold into involuntary servitude;
but the purpose failed. The technical
questions put by Judge Maguire In cross
examination were cleverly parried by the
tiny Chinese maiden and she rigidly ad
hered to her original statement that some
thing over $200 was paid for her. ,-•;..;'
Judge Maguire handed her money to
count In order to ascertain whether or
not she could count $200 If such a sum
was laid before her. She counted the
money without hesitation, explained her
knowledge of the difference between the
value of gold and silver and finally left
Judge Maguire without more questions
and the audience, at least, with a fixed
impression that her story was true. .
After the child left the stand an affi
davit, sworn to by Ho Tow, Chinese Con
sul General, Intending to correct the im
pression that involuntary servitude or
slavery exists in the households of many
of the Chir' . merchants of this city,
was read, -n ii«e affidavit Ho Yow says:
Though I believe the statement to the effect
that such so-called slavery exists in the fam
ilies of many merchants in this city was made
In good faith, it is erroneous. There is a eys
/tem of domestic service common among the
Chinese by which the poorer children are
bound by contract to those able to care for
them. It is an apprentice system, not a sys
tem of slavery, . and when the apprentice
reaches a certain age she in free to return to
her parents or her guardians, •who must find a
suitable husband for her. It Is a system uni
versally adopted in China for the protection
of the poor children. In China the females
outnumber the males, and as there are no
industries In which these millions may be em
ployed, it is necessary that such a system ex
ist for their protection. They are always
clothed, boarded and otherwise cared for and
ofttlmes are paid for their services, which, In
any event/keeps them from being turned Into
the world to meet a much more deplorable
fate.- ¦.-¦:
It Is unjust and unwarranted to class these
apprentices with the unfortunates who I are
forced Into real slavery. These suggestions
may not fc*» relevant to the case on hearing,
but on behalf of the Chinese people I make
this answer. If this custom is abolished a
place and ways and means must be found to
care for the millions of poor Chinese girls.
Under the present conditions, however, the
system Is necessary and the good th.at results
therefrom must be apparent. '
The Consul General's affidavit was or
dered placed among the records of the
case by Judge Coffey, notwithstanding the
objection of opposing counsel.
Some evidence was Introduced by both
sides, after which a continuance was
taken until this morning. ,* ;'
KUM YING SAYS
SHE WAS SOLD
I brought this action, first, because: I be
lieved the allowance of the demands of these
county officers out of the school fund to be
a serious attack on the charter. - It amounts
to nothing more or less than Incorporating
Into that instrument, a' State statute, which
the recent civil service cases show to be
clearly unconstitutional, and then attempting
to - spend the school funds under such ques
tionable authority.* ' ' .,' • ,"
Second because even if the demands should
ultimately be upheld by the court, I desire to
protect the record of the administration from
the accusation of rushing to pay $600 per
month out of the school fund before obtaining:
the opinion of the -City Attorney, upon de
mands which have been declared illegal by
two attorneys for the board, one of them be
ine President* Kincaid's special counsel. Pro
fessor Hengtzler.of the Hastings • Law SchooJ.
However Justifiable may be the Board's p«r
sonar sympathy with the deputy superintend
ents it certainly I has no right to spend : the
nubile moneys in the face of every ' attorney' s
ODlnion It has received before hearing from
City Attorney Lane. , My suit . will have the
effect of holding up these demands .at- least
until we can ¦ hear from ' our official counsel,
the City and County; Attorney. ,•-'_,¦ >'
The Sisters of Charity will celebrate on
this occasion the golden jubilee of their
coming to this city. These good sisters
have rounded out nearly a half century
of work here, for, they are the pioneer
workers In the. field of .parochial educa
tion. Theirs was the first- parochial
school In " San Francisco. Their first
school was opened in an old -building on
the present site of the Paldce Hotel.
From "the Palace Hotel site they were,
in 1873, compelled, owing to rapid increase"
SEEKS TO HAVE PAY
OF DEPUTIES WTTHHEU)
School Director Denman Goes After
Superintendent Webster's Sub
ordinates in Court. v V>- „-
School Director "benman has filed a pe
tition to restrain Auditor Wells from
jmditing the demands of Deputy Superin
t^dents of Schools W: D. Kingrtmry. Dr.
W B Howard, D. J. Sullivan and R. A.
Jordan, who have , been receiving
$1=0 a, month for ' their services.
Denman alleges that there is no
authority for the payment of sal
aries to these deputies, and says he con
siders the allowance of the same to them
"a serious attack upon the charter." On.
the other hand, it is stated that Denman
Is actuated by personal motives. In any
event the other members of the board
refuse to join Denman in his suit and hold
that the deputies are necessary for. the
proper conduct of the department over
which they preside. ' ¦¦_ . " . . '
Concerning the stoppage of the Deputy
Superintendent's demands on the school
fund, Denman says:
VINCENT'S school, conducted
:^j^ by the Sisters of Charity, and at-
to St! Patrick's parish,
will hold - its annual commence
ment this year on June 7 at 2:30 p. m., at
the Grand Opera House. Apart from the
ordinary importance attached to a com
mencement, the event this year is one of
surpassing interest to the sisters and
students of St. Vincent's, not to mention
their many thousands of friends, who are
now and have been .members of St. Pat
rick's parish. The affair will be" con
ducted this year on a scale of great mag
nificence. Both priests and laity are,
working energetically to make this com
mencement a memorable one in the his
tory of parochial education.
"If any one," she said, "came down
from heaven and told me that my son
•was not insane when he committed the
deed with which he Is charged, I would
not believe him. It Is so foreign to- what
he has done before and. knowing his ideas
of euch things as I do } I know he could
not have done it if not of unsound mind.
Nobody, not even Christ himself, could
make me believe my boy was not of un
sound mind when he did this thing."
At this point she became hysterical,
and after a few moments ?he was able
to continue, t-hc said: "If my boy had
done Ihls wrong knowingly and brought
thle sorrow on my gray hairs I would
turn my tack on him and would not look
on h!s face again. Our name has been
po pure and good." She burst into a hys
terical fit of crying, and after a minute
or' two sobbed out: "He Is Insane; oh, I
know he is insane." She was led from
the etand sobbing as It her heart would
break.
The defendant's wife also testified as to
certain Incidents which made her believe
that he- was of unsound mind. She is a
quiet, refined looking lady, and her ap
pearance and testimony had an apparent
Effect on the jury. The trial will be con
tinued this morning.
Among the witnesses examined yester
day for the defense were: James T.
Gorgensen. salesman In Nolan's shoe
store; Policeman P. E. Fraher; T. M.
Eherman, cashier In Hooper, Jennings &
Co.'ti office, who knew the defendant in
Missouri as of unsound mind; Emery E.
George, shoe manufacturer, Stevenson
etreet; Otis L. Miller and Edmond O.
Shatter, druggists; Isaac Mensor and
"William Mensor, shoe dealers, 107 Third
street; George Walker, guard In the
County Jail; Rufus J. Silva, shoe clerk,
Oakland; William H. Nolan, shoe dealer.
Market street, and Joseph Xolan; George
D. Winn of Seattle; James A_ Deering;
Hester Ford Cornell, sister of the defend
ant, and Mrs. Pauline Ford, his mother.
The evidence of the mother of the de
fendant was dramatic. She testified that
he was always a good boy and supported
her. He got work where he could, but
no matter where he was he always look
ed after her. He never went out at
night, and never to her knowledge drank.
He furnished e. house for her and his
wife in - comfortable style.
The trial of Marvin E. Ford, the shoe
salesman, charged with beating and rob
bing Lee Leong, a Chinaman, on Febru
ary 16. was continued before Judge Law
lor and a jury yesterday. The defense
In trying to uphold the theory of insanity
put a number of witnesses on the stand,
end depositions were read from Missouri
and Texas bearing upon the question of
Insanity in the defendant's family.
Dramatic Scene in the
Trial of Marvin
K Ford.
Mrs. Maggie Pfaff, charged with the
murder of Mrs. Mary Marvin by throw-
Ing a lighted lamp at her on the night
of April 9, was before Judge Cook yes
terday on a writ of habeas corpus. Judge
Cor-k discharged the writ and released the
defendant from custody on the ground
that the evidence was totally Inadequate
to hold her. Mrs. PfafTe husband com
itiitied suicide -because of -his wife's arrest
on ;;ucli a charge.
MOTHER PLEADS
FOR HER SON
Mrs. Waggle Pf aff Discharged.
members of ' the . church and of society.
Including, Archbishop Rlordan^ A special
programme will be presented. Choice se
lections of vocal and Instrumental 'music
will be given, and the young students will
have a place In ' the ¦ programme, as ; well
as the older ones. The boys will be seen
in novel drills, the students being suit-
The forthcoming commencement exer
cises will be attended by many prominent
the ambition of; Archbishop Rlordan, as
sisted by Father "Cummins, to build' in
the near future a school '. structure ' suffi
ciently large to , meet all demands. .
Sisters of Charity Will -Celebrate Half
City in Connection :With School, Exercises in the Grand Opera
House When ah Elaborate Programme Will Be Rendered
A pretty feature of the afternoon was
the gratitude of the young ladies to Miss
Katherine Black, their music teacher,
which- took the form of . a heart-shaped
brooch set In pearls, the souvenir of a
loving, appreciative class to "a~ worthy
¦teacher. .
The following young ladles had. charge
of the affair:' Clas3 officers— President,
Miss Jennie > A. Comings;. secretary. Miss
Viva A. Gill; treasurer. Miss Celeste R.
Lacoste, Assistants— Misses Alice Baer,
Lillian Ahlers, Bertha Brockinton, Alice
Dcvine. Anita Hermes, Lois ' Kohn, Hilda
Mayer, Ada « McDonnell, Anna Meyer and
Elizabeth Rolph. •, . .
"This line shows me," said Miss Kohn,
as she carefully scanned - the palms of
Mrs. .Mary Prag; "this line shows m©
that r when you were young you were
much inclined to flirt, but with years
creeping on you became decidedly. averse
to flirtation." Mrs. Prag organized the
Anti-Flirtation League of the Girls' High
School, and Miss Kohn's dig at it 'was re
ceived with ringing cheers.
After the palmistry diversion came the
pilgrimage of farewells. In the science
hall Miss Medora Block made the speech
of farewell. Miss Lois Kohn said good
by to the classics. Miss Vira Gill bade
farewell to mathematics, Miss Alice Baer
took leave. of history. Miss' Annie Fisher
made the adieux . to English and Miss
Alice Bcobar spoke the farewell to draw
ing. All of the- farewell speeches were
pointed and clever. * They abounded with
a spirit of fun, a touch of sarcasm and a
deep note of regret for the teachers and
the schoolthe girls were about to leave.
Luncheon followed the pilgrimage. Dur
ing the service of a dainty menu there
was a programme of music and song, in
which Miss Leila Samuels, 'Miss Jessie
Burns, Miss Katherine Black and Miss
Ethel Lindstone took part. The class
stood up and repeated the class pledge
joined hands ' and sang "Auld Lang
Syne." ; The very successful affair was
all the work of the girls of the graduat
ing class. By subscription . they . raised
the money that paid for the luncheon and
decorations.- Miss' Alice Boobar, one of
their members,, painted, the dainty name
cards. . • ,. •
Sharp at the hour of noon the faculty of
the Girls' High School became the guests
of the girls whose ' school days are now
over. Miss Jennie Comings made a neat'
little address of welcome. Then the girls
sang their class song, which went with a
droning chorus of "Glory Hallelujah."
Miss Alice t Conlin r«cited and Miss
Martha Spencer delivered the valedictory.
After the splendid address all formality
was laid aside and the jinks in good
earnest was begun. , ' .
The first surprise was sprung when Miss
Lois Kohn invited the faculty to show
their palms and have the secrets of their
lives laid bare. Teacher after teacher
went humbly to the torture chair. Miss
Burns, Miss Katherine Black and -Miss
Kohn told them of their many Qualities
and few faults, graciously throwing in a
few sage asides that made the girls laugh
and the teacher wish the reading was not
Quite so frank..
Runislk ! " Kumski ! . Rumskl ! he !
We're the first class "of the century." -
First in work and first in fun.
Hooray for the class of naughty one.
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Rip! Rip! Rip!
. ? '01. .'01..O
Zip! Zip! Zip! ,';.
Yesterday the graduating class of the
Girls' High School told .their teachers
Just what ; they thought of them. This
presentation cf. frank opinions the. girls
called a high jinks. The teachers en
joyed It as much as the pupils," and after
the instructors had been made "to see
themselves as their, scholars see them re
freshments were served and there ' was
music and dancing.
-. . •, . -« .
Senior Girls Make Merry
oh Last Day of The
Term.
Pleasant Jokes on Teachers
; and Fond Farewells Are
in Order.
GRADUATES HOLD
GAY HIGH JINKS
A lengthy protest against the action! of
Judge Dunne in summarily demanding the
closing of its labors and a compliment to
the Board of Supervisors on the cleanly
condition of the City Hall concludes the
report. A new -Grand Jury will be Im
paneled in a few days. - ¦ "-> -,
recommendation is made that "an amend
ment to the charter taking the appoint
ment of officials from the Mayor and giv
ing the election of the same to the people
as heretofore" be made. v • :
Because Mavor Phelan did not remove
Chief of Police Sullivan at its behest the
Three features are embodied In the re
port that are of public Interest. One is
the recommendation that a new County
Jail be erected between Brenham place,
Washington, Clay and Dupont streets.
Another is to convey prisoners In electric
motor vans over the lines of railway to
the various Jails to which they may be
sentenced. A shower bath for the nurses
In the City and County Hospital, in the
absence of hot water, Is likewise urgently
recommended.
The jury was impaneled on December
28, and during the five months of its ex
istence has received eight complaints, on
which four Indictments were found. Of
the latter the Sullivan bail bond forgery
cases were the only ones of any signifi
cance.
Sheriff Lackmann comes in for a due
share of commendation for his manage
ment of the county jails. Attention is
called to the management of the City and
County Hospital and suggestions made
that the spaces devoted to the storage. of
old tins can be turned into lawns, and
that certain trees be removed. Details as
to the minor wants of the hospital are
fully net forth. . • :.
The management of the Almshouse is
given praise. The need of sewers in sev
eral portions of the city is considered
in the next paragraph. The management
of the Recorder's, County Clerk's and
clerk of the Justice Court's offices is
highly commended. The new Morgue
building is declared to be unsanitary. The
other city officials are complimented, ex
cept the Police and Fire Commissioners.
The heads of both are taken to task. In
the matter of the Police .Department re
iteration is made of portions of its pre
vious report. Secretary McCarthy of the
Fire Department is accused of violating
the spirit of the charter in the purchase
of supplies and the transfer of men from
one position to another. .: > ; :;
"L<et it be filed in the records of the
court," said the Judge. "The Grand. Jury
is dismissed from further service."
Then the voice of the bailiff rang out,
making the formal announcement that
court was adjourned. . <¦>:$' *;..'.¦.•¦"
Only twelve members of the jury were
presenl when the report was presented.
Judge Dunne told them early in the after
noon that if they could not secure a quo
rum he would receive the report any
away. Foreman Dunker handed the doc
ument to the Judge, saying:
"This" is the final report of -the Grand
Jury."
Without the customary expressions of
good will on the part of the presiding
Judge of the Superior Court, the Grand
Jury yesterday afternoon went out of ex
istence. Rumor has It that owing to
Judge Dunne's intimation conveyed 1 re
cently in a letter to each Jucor that he
would be pleased if they • ended their la
bors it was Intended, in the final report,
to grill the Judge. But the latter care
fully censored the report before it was
judicially submitted to him. . '¦':
Great Coldness Marks the
Filing -of the Final
Report.
Judge Dunne Dismisses
the Grand Inquisito
rial Body.
JURORS RETIRE
WITHOUT THANKS
"It resembles Just such hatchets as are
ueed by fruit or poultry dealers," said he.
*'X am not thoroughly satisfied that the
blood on it Is that of a human being. If
It was the property of a poultry dealer it
could be reasonably supposed that the
blood was that of a chicken. Another
thing that puzzles me is the failure of the
dootors who examined the body to agree
whether the wounds were inflicted by a
hatchet or a knife. Until that Is definite
ly settled there is little satisfaction in
looking for the owner of the hatchet."
Both Captain Seymour and Detective
DilJon are satisfied that the boy Is mis
taken in the Identification of the hatchet.
At least a dozen people who were robbed
of hatchets visited police headquarters
yesterday to look at the bloody weapon
which It is supposed was used by the
murderer. None of them, however, could
Identify the weapon. Captain Seymour la
Inclined to believe that the hatchet found
by the police belonged to a poultry and
lruit dealer.
"I am satisfied that Lukherath did not
commit the murder," remarked the head
cf the detective department last night.
"While there are several discrepancies in
his statement, particularly as to denying
that he was acquainted with young His
lop, I am convinced that he is not the
murderer."
Thus tar the police have been unable to
lind an owner tor the hatchet which was
used in killing the unfortunate boy. Yes
terday Captain Seymour thought he had
found an owner for It in the person of
F. Lu Turpin, who lives at 40 Bartlett
street. About two months ago a tramp
went to the residence of Mrs. Turpin and
aeked for something to eat. He claimed
he was hungry ana volunteered to chop
wooq if he was given a meal. Mrs. Tur
pin and her son .Floyd were home at the
time, and as the leliow seemed to be in
need of food they first gave him a meal
and then set him to work cutting wood in
. the back yard. While their backs were
turned the tramp picked up the hatchet
and left the place.
On learning of the episode Captain Sey
mour sent Detective Tom Dillon to inter
view the Turj>lns.
Armed with the bloody hatchet which
•was found contiguous to the Hislop resi
dence on the night of the murder Dillon
vent to the house yesterday and allowed
Mrs. Turpin and her son to inspect It.
After carefully examining it Mrs. Tarpin
declaied that it was not the hatchet that
had been taken by the tramp. Her son,
however, was positive that it was the
hatchet. Mrs. Turpin explained to the
detective that the hatchet which was
fctolen did not have claws like the one in
the possession of the police. In contradic
tion of her statement her son, who is
r.hout 17 years of age, declared that he
was sure that the hatchet Btolen from
them had claws. '. i-
Herman Lukherath, who was arrested
on suspicion of having murdered Robbie
Hifclop. will be released to-day. Captain
of Detectives Seymour will not detain him
any longer pending a possible "solution of
the mysterious murder.
Suspect Lukherath Will
Be Released Prom
Custody.
»
Captain Seymour Satisfied
That He Is Not the
Murderer. .
HISL0P CASE
BAFFLES POLICE
ST' VINCENT'S COMMENCEMENT
WILL BE A GRAND JUBILEE
THE SAN FRANCl^^
I ;
9
!*. ¦ THE , EMPORIUM.
' ' ' ' -•'"''""¦ '" '"'¦ ' ' ' "
(L^big store
: T/^ v. on your
'¦*¦ Alask^iOutfit. 1
OFALLKINDS.
C Food, clothing
and utensils.
Everything
i -under one roof. |
'Goods properly
packed and delivered.
KW> Golden Rule Bazaar. &£.
Ti^i*. i- rill
When You've Reached
the limit of exhausted patience with other
laundries' -work, send us a bundle arid note
the effect our work will have on your linen
and your spirits. There Is nothing that 13
good in laundry, work that we don't do,
and we've many little knacks of our own
for our patrons* benefit. -
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNrtRY
Office 1OO4- Market Streat
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Avs.
5#if Cured While
in Fifteen Days
**Gr»n-8olTent" dlssolres Stricture like snow t>»
eeath the sun, reduces Enlarged Prostate an*
Strengthens toe Seminal Ducts, slopping Drains turn
emissions In JTlf te«n Days.
Mo drain to ruin the stomacb, trat* direct local
and positive application to the entire urethra! trac*
Gr.in-Solvent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared 1*
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth andnezlbl*
ud so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
*T*« St. James Assn.. Box 834. Cincinnati, O.. dm
prepared at great expense an ex haust- *> m ¦» ¦> f
r»o Illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL
tyrtem, wnich tlw will »exnl to any riir T a
male applicant, ' "^*-»
31« JAJ1E3 A33PI., Cincinnati. Ohio.
/IT^Hfl * yn \ w jy • fir tSfiL
¦^^^^^^^'^^.^>^>'%. a
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
i S5 133m3ZKS?.!»t.6itfa.S.I'.Ca!. i
\ '• Xj The Largest Anatomical Museum hi the V
m . jBji World. Weaknesses or any contracted M
7 Ogeg JM disease positively car»4by the oldest T
# /SSI Specialist on the Coast Es'_ 36 years. 0
SAVff j DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN j
ffllJMral Consultation free and strictly private. V
I QWfl Treatment personally or by letter. A M
¦ ff ?! B PatiUva Cumin eirery case undertaken. T
r I 1 A w "te f°* Book. PBILOVOmY of A
I I" B»HHIACE. MAILED FREH. (Af
1 y, valuable book for mra) \
f JDB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
M CMICHE«TEH'S ENGLISH
Pehnyroyal pills
¦ «^r*V Orl*inml nn<l Only Genuine.
F/!/*fctfS v 8AW!.Al»*r« rallabla. Ladles ut DnNfrt
£A\S?&k: for CHICIIKSTER'S .ENGLISH
«i sEiWl S? blM ribbo 2- T**e ¦• «t h er. ReAtM
TWj «J^ *SJ nanceroa* Suh.tl tudon* and Imlta*
• I / / W *••¦•• Bn 7 of jw Orugglii. er fend 4c la
\V, & **4 lt RMtt for Lmdltm,* in Utur.*?r*
-A. 2_A turn Mall. lrt.O««T«»ilmonlal». Sold a*
-baj a California
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
• tor and Nervine.
v The most • wonderful : aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The V Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and. Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS. A BRUN'E.: Agents. t
3S' Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Clrcnlars.)
DR:- GROSSMAN'S .
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Curs or (Gonorrhoea. G_loot».
; •- Strictures and analogous complaint* —
, ..; of ths Organs of Generation. /
Price Jl a bottle. .For tala " by , dru«ai*«** .
EHHBJh^II Womeiv Should be Careful! B
IHAhHSI firciJH Menstruation is the most sensitive function of the female organism. Any |ffl
W T&nfiBfiBKSflrjy^m physical disorder affects the menstrual flow. In turn irregular menses, profuse, JS«
M| Jf « HuHSLv'^lfi scanty or suppressed, are the causes of much pain and many deaths. The loss fl
ffflMB^Tl S^T"^ M of blood by a profuse flow drains the body of its strength. The face becomes ¦>.
B !P^ fl3SJr^*l&r/B P aIe and na ££ ard and the chest h°H° w * Consumption is not far off. Suppressed mm,
wSm and 5can ty menstruation result in falling of the womb, leucorrhoea, tumors and Bi
Jg£ Vffliiffff Rj*l painful and dangerous blood diseases. With such certain disasters attending WA
irregularity of the menses every woman should carefully guard the periodical }M
EsB^J eJ r%T wam ha bit. The Rev. M. D. Stacy, a minister of repute in his community, is authority Km
p^al " WNE^ CARDUI §
H. ¦.•J*-j^V^^3Bw| completely cured his wife of menstrual Irregularities. Ib cure of over 1,000,000 Km
# * \i=cM^^^^& suffering women stamps # \Vine of Cardui as the greatest emmenagogue ever f|
tnade. If menstruation does not reappear every twenty-eight days go to your W&
VjgflT^ druggist and purchase a $1.00 bottle of Wine- of Cardui. Mrs. Stacy did that ma
n a and this is her experience: ' ' /, , , "';'•¦'¦¦¦ fM
m& „ v- . . : -.;¦.-. Troublesome, Ky., July 27, 1900. t |§tt
fi9 My family and I think your medicines are the best in the world. My wife's menstrual periods have been very . l£&
Wk Irregular, both in time and color, since December 1898. They would return every fifteen or twenty days and last JgS
mB from three to eight days. She would suffer almost death. She also had heart palpitation and every kind of ache and gv
: ' pain.. 1 tried doctors and they gave no relief. I saw Wine of Cardui recommended and I went to a drug store and - Wk
WBL got a half dozen bottles. By the time she had used one bottle she was without pain and now she is able to do her n
Wk housework. She is going through the change of life now. : :'*:*-' w -^ ¦':''''¦'':¦ : "•'*•"' R« v -M. D.STACY. BA
tS ' '¦ : v For advice and literature, addresa, giving symptoms, "The Ladies* Advisory . JPf
mWm ¦ . Dopartment." The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. ,•;.¦. jag
- H • . . ¦ -.- ¦'¦'¦ '..:.., ..-. . ..-.-¦ . • ...-¦¦ ,-. :¦- . ¦ •• ¦ •- .. ' ¦ Ka
,QYfr^mm^^m^mnmm^m^^mm^^^mm^'^^mm^^^^^^''*^mmm^^^mm^^^^^m^^^^^m^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^mm^^^^^^mm^^^^^mmm^^^^mmr .
-i^^Tiv.- • i,?-:f*. ..-r.-eTlBSSsuj33$wJfe.-t**«s-'3 r -c . '* ¦;..¦.-..• ¦ • •— -- ¦ . .damage In the Northwest to" wheat and . too
cool weather for corn in ; the country as a
whole. ¦.-'.'- •;.- - ,.. . . ; . ' '-• ¦*.,.".¦'¦• •" ¦"¦:!•
• As for. some time past, new* business In iron
and ¦ steel ¦ is . small while • production * on or
ders . is • at" the maximum. Steel billets - are
temporarily scarce and- 50 cents higher. 4 while
Bessemer pigiron Is • dull and : off 25 . cents.
Southern • Iron ' is ' dull and - weak i and present
quotations • could • be cut 50 cents . if • business
was offered. •• Finished , products ; are : generally,
strong ¦; and the mills are still crowded | with
business.- Rail mills ¦ have a season's •: output
guaranteed, . and wire nails are ¦ pushed with
orders.- and bar and plate production , is sold
ahead. . Rumors of advances -to come' after
July 1 are heard. - but nothing i tangible offers
In this respect .with ' new business in a • small
way.- Hardware" Is In good shape and May
sales at Chicago were the heaviest . for any
month this . year. - ', , ;
Wheat, Including ' flour, shipments -. for..' the
week aggregate • 4,138,970 bushelSi : against ' 4,
796,084 bushels last week ; 4.533..140 . bushels • the
same week of 1900; 3,596,063 bushels in' 1899 and
5,248.086 bushels in- 1898.- •¦"-...
" From July 1 to' date this . season I wheat ex
parts are 194,187,632 bushels, against 182,926,706
bushels last season and 213,489,240 bushels in
1898-99. ¦: J >. ¦ . • -. / '.. :-\- ~ --' ¦ '
Failures for the week number 144, against 192
last week; 135. in this week a year ago, and 129
in 1899. ¦ - .. . : • .. ;_-.• : .. .-•-....
Canadian 'failures number 21, against 24 last
week, 21 a year, ago. \ and * 18 in , 1899. * : "
Dun's Review of : Trade.
WASHINGTON," May j 31.— The 'Treasury
statement of the balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in tha
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, f 163, 765, 862; gold, $93,016,140. ¦
Condition of the Treasury.
Nnv York Money Market.
NE?W TORK. May 31.— Money on call steady
at 3@3% per cent, last loan 3 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4@4% per cent; sterling ex
change steady with actual business in bankers*
bills at $4 88% for demand and at $4 85@4 85%
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85%@4 89; com
mercial bills, $4 84%@4 S4%; silver certificates,
nominally, 60c: bar sliver, 59%c; Mexican dol
lars, 48c; State bonds, inactive; Government
bonds, . strong; railroad bonds, strong.
¦than a wild goose chase and so had leas ad
verse' effect than might have been supposed.
American shares were steady, on a stream ' of
small purchases, particularly the Atchison.is
sues on the phenomenal earnings reported.
Southern Pacific on the monthly statement and
the steel stocks. For about twenty minutes
there was considerable selling for New Tork
account for profits, but our brokers absorbed
the etock, and the advances were easily • con
tinued because arbitrage houses . are still in
clined . to deal sparingly. . '¦ • .
LONDON. May 3L— Atchison. ex-dlv.,' 86%:
Canadian Pacific, 109'4 Union Pacific, pre
ferred. 91%; Northern Pacific, < 102%; Grand
Trunk, 11%; Anaconda, 11%; Rand Mines. 42^.
Bar silver dull, 27 7-16d per • ounce. Money,
2%@3 per cent.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
Continued on Page , Thlrteea*
l.- : Cash quotations were- as follows: Flour,' quiet;
:No.- 1 fepring .wheat, v75%@76%c;;No.> S • »pring t -
¦ Articles—-' : *.V : ,,'^ ' '¦'_, "''.' "i"^-*^'^^
• Wheat No. -2— Open. ', High. Low. i Close.
May ..-.:.-.......¦.... 74% : ' • T5% ¦ r 74% , 74%
July-... .-.:....:'.....-,- 74% 74% ' 74 .. 74%
May 1 ?.^?.'./^:.... -43%" 43% ',',:. 43% .43%'
July ....•........".'... "MVz ¦ 44% ¦: < 44%:f;?;44%
September • .'44% 44% : . 44% • 44%
• Oats No. " 2r- * - ' : -, ;¦-•,.. ..
May .¦....:....'.,.... 31 31% - 27%. -28-,
July *. ....:.. .V..'.....'.-28%. 28%. ...28% 28%
September :........- 26% - : , ¦ 26% 26% - 26%
; • Mess Pork.' per bbl— - • • '.-'¦¦¦ '..-..
May ................14 70 ,14 70 14 63 . / 14 65,'
July"- .:....;..:...:. .14 70 ; 14 72^:;14 65 :,14 65 >
September : ..... . : . .14 77% 14 77% , 14 77% . 14 77%
- - Lard,-= per . 100 ¦. lbs — :•'-.-- • . --' ' 1 . v.^
May .:v........;8 22%^ 8 22% 8 17% ~8 17%
July ::r..... :::....: 8 20 .' 8 22% 8 15 : .8 15
Beptember .v.V:..V. . 822% 8 25 8 17% 8 17%
: Short* Ribs, per 100 lbs— - - ¦¦ ' V •' •¦ ¦ .
May;.'............:.: 7 90 7 90 * .7 87% V 7 90 .'..-:
July:....:....... 7 90t -.. 7 90. 87% ¦¦'; 7 90>^
September .....:.... .7 90-,, 7.90 •--.. 7 85 } : 7 87%
- The steadiness . of prices Is still a 5 feature,
the ¦ cereals -being; as ; hlgh.r or ; slightly r higher,"
than a. week ago, as much owing to bad crop
reports.. from abroad, aa^o tai^a o£ dry -yyaather
".: Apart from these features the week * has ¦ been
without much change except , that a. rather bet
ters spirit ; has . been' visible ; in ' the ? industrial
situation . ' and ' that -¦: some-jr progress •* has c been
made ? toward ,' a ./ settlement , of ¦ existing : i labor
troubles. The situation in textiles >has"-not
changed ' materially.-..- - . - ¦.. •,
NEW, TORK." May 31.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Unseasonable , weather has bee'n
the; key of , the sltuatiorAhis week, discourag
ing . as ! it has ' . been j to :' retail " trade , in the
cities 'and 'country.' "' districts y alike, / -and
retarding . the growth of , most crops,- but 'par
ticularly " corn ' and . oats In the northern ' half
of the - country. , Withal, however,- there is a
feeling; prevalent that a few - weeks l of - warm,
sunny weather/ a'; decided . lack . of •' which I has'
so' far been noted this spring, would 'do' much
to place*, matters - commercial ¦> and agricultural
In - as : good or i better * condition than r a r year
ago..."- --¦.-¦•': ' -'¦•••" ... . ..-,' . : .« .„ -.V;-
*
Bradstreet' s 'on Trade.
*: . . : — — = — -*
« CHICAGO, , May 31.— Firm cables * and re
ports of bad weather conditions In ! the West
gave 'the wheat' market a strong tone,-, and
July opened %@%c improved at.74%c .to 74%@
74%c. The best figures tempted a' considerable
number of sellers, ¦ chiefly professional, operat
ors, and on liquidation for profits there was an
early declinfe to 74%c where the market stead
led. ' Active covering ! later caused a reaction
to.74%c. This buying was Induced . largely by
news reports • of damage ' by Hessian fly ¦- and
further stories of drouth in - sections :. where
rain is' badly needed. Later authentic advices
were • that ' while some damage had . been suf
fered, it was not widespread, and as; a result
there was a bis: increase : In the • offerings and
a marker decline to 74%c. - Here buying wus
renewed .' and '¦¦•¦ the close was firm, - July %c
higher at 74%@74%c,;: 7. ? V . '*-••>*¦¦¦'*
- The • corn market . was - firm, . though trade
was light and receipts were moderately gen
erous. July closed steady ' and %c higher at
• : Oats • were active, but easier on liquidation.
July closed' %C | lower at 28%@28%c. . / , y- -
Provisions' were dull.' Hog prices were lower
despite . small? receipts. -July pork ; closed ' 2%c
lower; lard 6c lower, and ribs a shade. lower.
H - The ; leading, futures ranged as-follows:^; .;. ¦
Chicago Grain Market.
INEW TORK, May 3L— Bradatreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
At the beginning of this week the transac
tions at the Stock Exchange fell off in a way
which gave Wall street . not a. little anxiety.'
The foreign markets were closed on " Monday
for the Whitsuntide holiday,' which partly ac
counted for the extreme dullness, but apart
from this there was every 'evidence that the
American public had liquidated the main - part
cf its' speculative holdings and was .' disposed
to take further part in the proceedings. The
heavy decrease In the New York bank Joans
shown by the two last clearing house state
ments afforded striking evidence i as to this
and as to the effects of the recent severe blow
the speculative market had received. It would
seem, however, that the liquidation necessary
under the circumstances had; been finished and
that the losses incident to the Northern Pacific
corner were in the main adjusted. Some anx
iety ' made itself felt in this ¦ latter connection
as to the position of the London Bhort interest
though it would seem that the amount and im
portance of the .latter had been exaggerated.
The most * cheering . indications . which the
market received were the fact that settlements
were 'being made with the London bears In
Northern . Pacific at 150 for the stock and
that the fortnightly account • which began on
Wednesday. was being. carried out without the
dreaded complications. Up to this time our
market's dullness was attended by a heavy
tone In the general .list, in spite of the firm
ness of a few issues. In which manipulation
and reports of coming deals had - an effect.'
The . bearish operators were also more i active
and the appearance of the market justified to
some • extent the • expectation of . a further : de
cline. . More favorable Indications at ', London
had, however, a good influence, - which was sup
plemented by decided 'intimations that the
contending factions in' Northern Pacific had
reached a v satisfactory ¦• settlement . as. to. the
control of that company, and 'the bearings of
the Burlington deal. . . Vi
*'"'"''"'" : '"' ¦••"-•-¦•¦- u
JCEW TORK ' STOCK ' LIST.
Shsres . Closing
Sold. - Stocks— Bid.
8C.400 Atchison ............................... S3tf
Bonds shared ; in the ' strength " of the stock
market on a considerable -volume of dealings.
Total sales, par value/ $4,215,000. United States
refunding 2s advanced % per. cent on the last
oil.
The market closed ' active and . strong at a
rally from a late reaction and with many
stocks at the top. . . • -- . - . "-.'-¦
XEW YORK. May 3L— The stock market de
veloped quite a buoyant tone to-day and the
activity was still further Increased, giving
the market a good deal the appearance again
that it offered during the boom period. The
strength became very general during the pro
gress of the day, but the effect was in part
sympathetic and flowed from the conspicuous
strength of prominent stocks. The current
conjecture in the Btreet pointed' to a conclu
sion that the movement of the principal
stocks was due to operations by the Harriman-
Rockefeller-Gould element and to those of the
Pennsylvania Railway In retaliation. The ad
vances scored in the London market during
the holifiay yesterday and before the trading
was commenced here to-day gave the market
a good start at the opening and there were
many grains ranging between 1 and 2 points.
After the preliminary reaction to selling. to
take profits by the buyers of Wednesday Atch
ison moved very aggressively upward on an
absorption of thousand-chare lots. During the
rest of the day there were successive devel
opments of similar movements In other stocks,
notably Pennsylvania, Union Pacific, Southern
Pacific, Missouri Pacific and the Southern
Railway stocks. The buying of Atchison came
from many sources, apparently In an effort to
disguise its origin, but the prevalent opinion
was that a large part of it was for Philadel
phia account and In the interest of the Penn
sylvania Railroad. A large speculative pool
was also active in the stock and helped along
the advlnce by . manipulation. The buying of
Southern Railway was attributed to the same
source, and t confident predictions were heard
that announcements would soon be made of
a Pennsylvania controlled company. The ad
vance in Atchison reached 5%, In the preferred
2%. Pennsylvania 3% and Southern Railway
3% as a result of this buying. -The movement
In* Union Pacific, Missouri, Southern Pacific
and the Southwesterns generally was almost
equally impressive. Union Pacific rising an ex
treme 4%, Kansas and Texas preferred 3%,
Southern Pacific 3% and Missouri, Pacific Z\L.
The- street was full of well-defined rumors that
a settlement had been agreed upon between
the contending interests In Northern Pacific.
v.-hieh would result In even stronger conditions
Jn the railroad -world than at present.' This
was the underlying cause of the strength in
the market, but the railroads in the Southern
region responded much more notably than
those In. the Northern region. New York Cen
tral rose 2% and Baltimore and Ohio 2%, ap
parently in sympathy with Pennsylvania. - The
eo-called. Great Missouri Pacific retained Its
full force as a factor. The decided strength of
the steel stocks also had a considerable influ
ence. There was talk of an early dividend on
the common stock. It advanced 2»i and the
preferred t%. Amalgamated Copper rose nearly
4 points In spite of the reported formation of
an opposition corporation. The combination of
the opposition was said, to be preliminary to
Its absorption by the Amalgamated Company.
The etock reacted later and closed with a net
pain of less than 2 points.' There were gains
• I from 2 to VA Doints In a number of other
industrials. 1 ¦-.--.->.. • . -¦•
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Last week's prices for Butter, Checs* and
Eggs ¦' are quoted. All are plentiful.
.Meats and Poultry show no changes worthy
of remark.'
"With the possible- exception of"~Uerrte» the»
summer fruits axe higher than usual at this
time of the year, as the crops are turning out
rather light. This ia especially marked In th*
case of Cherries and Apricots. ! The few Peaches
coming forward are generally > hard and none
too ripe.
. Vegetables are in fair supply, but there Is no
glut of any kind, and prices show little change.
Coal, oer ton—
Cannel :....| ©12 OOlSouthfleld
Wellington. ©11 00 Wellington S— 811 00
Seattle . » 00® Bay.... ® 7 50
¦ Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq. 33^43 Ranch Eggs, per
¦ Do,, good 25®30 dozen 17@20
Cheese. Cat .12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17@20 pound i3 l S^9
Cheese. Swiss 20@35 Do, extracted... SglO
Common Eggs....l5@ —
Poultry and Game —
Hens,. each .......50863 Turkeys, per lb.. . 17020 ¦
Young Roosters, Ducks, each 50Q73
each* .. ....73®83 Geese. each...n 50®l 75
Old Roosters, ea..50®60 Pigeons, pair 50®60
Fryers, each . . . . 60®65 Rabbits, pair 40@—
Broilers, each 35©5O Hare, each — <ga»
Meats, per lb— . •
Bacon 13®1S Round Steak '....A0&-~
Beef, choice 12®15 Sirloin Steak 12%*t—
Do. good 100— Tenderloin, do 150—
Corned Beef 10<g — Porterhouse. do.l7%<&20
Ham.. — @13 Smoked Beef 200
Lard — @15 Pork, salt 10012%
Mutton — ®12 Pork Chops ljgw
Lamb 12®— Pork Sausages.. 12%@15
Pork, fresh .......15W— Veal \Z@—
-Frulta and'Nuts-^
Aprlcots, per lb.. 8@10 Lemons, dox 15023
Mmonds ........ ..15«2O Logan Berries, -
Old Apples 8@10 per basket 12%@—
New Apples 4@ 6 Feaches. per lb,12%@—
Bananas. dos.*..12%&S Pears, \t> 5S —
Blackberries. bsk.lSi® — Plums, ; lb 12%^
Cherries, per.lb.".. 5@10 Raspberries, bsk. ll*313
Cherry Plums, lb.lO@— Raisins, per lb... 5<tfi5
Currants, box ....40@— Strawberries, per
Gooseberries, lb... e®— drawer ZiQZt-
Oranges, dos 15®35 Walnuts, per lb... 154*20
Limes, p«r doz.-12©13
Vegetables— t
Asparagus, per lb. B@ S Leeks, dz bncha.. 15(320
Artichokes, dos... 25040 Okra. dried, lb...— «35
Beets, doa 10@— Peppers, per lb...20<eas
Beans." white, lb. 6<@ — Potatoes, per lb 2%®—
¦ Colored, per lb. 5@— New. do 2a"»i
Dried Lima. lb.. 6@ 8 Rhubarb, per lb.. iV--
Cabbage, each.... MS— gweet Potatoes,lb 3@—
Cauliflowers. - each 6®-: Parsnips, per dz.100—
Celery, head ..... 6@— Radlshes.dz bchs.l5«i2i)
Cress. . doz bnchs.l5(S20 Sage, .doi bnch»..23<»-W
Cucumbers, doz...50@73 String . Beans, lb i®\9
Ers Plant, lb 20023 Summer Squash,
Green Peas, lb.... 3<S 5 per lb 77.. 8®10
Green Corn, doz..33@50 Sprouts, per lb....— #—
Lettuce, per- doz-.15»r20 Spinach, per lb 5<3—
Onions, per lb 3i» 4 Thyme, doz bchs.25<830
New Onions 2@ 3jTurnl pa . per Aoi.A0«i—
Green, dz bnchs..lo#20 tTomatoes. per lb.10®—
Fish— • ' - ' ¦ ; . —
Barracuda 12%®— Striped Basa . ...13<U—
Carp 8@— Sea Bass " 1S45—
Catfish .: lOig^- Smelts ..." list—
Codflah 12S15 Soles ..... 10@—
Flounders 8©10 Skates, each "."" 8»*l0
Halibut 10«15 Squid ........ 12J4«--
Herring ..'.....—©— Tomcod .."....[1*1 .8#—
Mackerel — #— Turbot ..' " — <8—
Do. horse ,.10@12% Trout 33®—
Perch v ...~77iZ.:;.—®— Whlteflsh rlilOf?*—
Pomplno ...........50®— Clams, gallon 50®—
Rockflah :.... 15®— Do. hardshell, lb 8®10
Salmon, fresh ...-.l-.'SIO Crabs, «each :..... 15@3te
•- Do, smoked Mussels quart:... 5(?il9
Shrimps .-: :.—&— Oysters. Cal. ; 10a . 4O®5«
Shad ¦...*..'....:'.. 6® S : Do.\ Eastern.' dz.254540
-i HAY— New, , $6 50@9;*-Vold\is ' quoted ' as fol-"
lowi: 3 .Volunteer,': 16(38; i fll®13;lWhe»t
l.i FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled , Barley, ; $17@18 / per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill,. $25@28; Jobbing,
$26 50 ; 1 Cocoanut - Cake, ¦ $17@18 ; v Corn Meal,
»27 50®28 ; Cracked ' Corn, • $28 50@29 ; Mixed Feed <
$15@16;v -i- T'i*-V-:u--i ¦:-.>>: ¦:-¦ : -¦ '¦-¦, t^--.>v-.,<-
-J17@19 50 per. ton,
MIDDLINGS-
BRAN— $17@18 1 per" ton.
¦"All . descriptions under", this head remain un
changed. 1 -,; Hay, is steady and selling. very well. »
( MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows
usual S discount ' to : the trade : % Graham Flour'
S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye Meal $• 50-
Rice Flour, -J7;- Corn Meal, r $3; extra cream do'
|3 75; Oat Groats; $4 75; Hominy,- $3 75@4- Buck
wheat ¦; Flour, . $4@4 25; •'Cracked- Wheat, $3 50-
Farina; $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled
Oats - (barrels). - $6 35@7 85; in • sacks,/ $6@7 50-
Pearl. Barley.- $5; 'Split '..Peas; $5;: Green Peas.
, Hay and Feedstuff s^ .
';? FLOUR— California ; Family*;' extras,^ $3 23®
8 SO, usual 'terms;* Bakers', Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 .75 . per ". barrel ¦ for -, family : and
$3 75@3 •¦ for ' bakers' ; Washington bakers'. ' $2 75
@3.'.-' ¦ -t" ' '¦' - ""¦-' ¦ ¦ '¦. '• ;. ¦ ¦"•' ,:. ¦¦•¦ .-=, > •¦¦*.. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
. - CALL BOARD SALEa
-Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales. ;
Second : Session— No sales.* -. ... ¦ . . •"
¦> Regular Morning Session— No sales. /•
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls • 70%ic :
12,000, 70%c. -.;¦;;. . " -> • ; '.'; ™ ,'
. OATS — White are higher and very scarce ' In
fact, the market Is almost bare.- Black are also
higher. | Red are unchanged. White, fl 45® 1 60 •
Surprise, nominal; Red,' Jl 35@1 45; Black. Jl 22%
@1 32% Der ctl.:- ; : - . • „; >.;-, : - • .' • ,Z
¦, CORN— Dealers quote a very firm feeling, but
the market Is quiet, .owing to 'the high prices
Small - round ¦- Yellow,> $1 50; -. Eastern :.Yellow
$1 30@l 35; White, *1 30@l 37%; mixed, $1 27%. . '
RYE— 77%@82%c pe: J t ctl. • .. .
.BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 63 per ctl, ex
warehouse. ; I", - ';¦¦ :¦ _ - : -.¦¦*. ¦<.-.;.
- Informal • session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. U 04%; 4000,. *1 04%. -¦ - . , ..
¦ Second Session — December— 4000 ctls. $1 0494 •
8000, Jl 04%; 40CO, $1 04%. ::%'¦»: .. ¦ . - 7 ".
Regular Morning Session^-44,000 ctls, $1 04%.
Afternoon Session— December— 8000 ctls,*$l 04% :
.- BARLEY — Quotations show;, no change. The
demand. Is light and there is nothing doing on
call. .. ¦ '. .' .-.. - . ¦ ; : - t . . , .
Feed, 75c f or . No. 1 and 70@72%c for. oft
grades;- Brewing and . Shipping . grades, 80®85c:
Chevalier, nominal.. , ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; milling, $1®
102% per ctl. V- . , ,-,, *'??-,
WHEAT— Chicago was firm on better foreign
advices and continued .--'dry— , weather in .' the
Northwest. Broomhall was bullish on. the Con
tinental situation, and estimated that European
requirements of American. wheat, for the com
ing year. would be 240,000,000 bushels.' .The out
siders bought September' and the pit crowd sold
July. Complaints of Hessian fly were increasing
and offerings were very light. Louisville was a
large buyer of September. At the close the lo
cal crowd sold on reports of rain at Huron, S
D. ¦ The English visible supply decreased 353,000
bushels.' " . -
This market was unchanged on the spot, but
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....:.. — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, "sight..:. — 4 89%
Sterling Cables — . 4 90
New York Exchange, sight...."..." — ' 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. —. 15
Silver, per ounce — - 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. ..49%. @ 50
Exchange and Bullion:
LOCAL MARKETS.
.Family Retail Market*
NEW YORK, May 31.— There were no new
developments manifested in the market for
evaporated apples ' to-day. The demand was
light and confined to immediate requirements
at old prices." ¦ ' : »
State common, 3@4%c; -prime,- 4%@4%c;
choice, 5@5%c; fancy, : 6@6}4c. - '
California dried fruits ruled inactive and
nominally unchanged. • ¦ ;
PRUNES — 3%@7c per pound, . as to size and
quality. . , v . . .
APRICOTS— Royal. 7%@12c;' Moorpark, 8%
@13c ¦¦ \
PEACHES— Peeled, 12V4@20c; unpeeled, 5tf@
10c. 1 -,. »~f,
*. —^_: : — . : — . ¦ X-
DRIED FRUITS.
WHEAT— Receipts, 130,600' bushels; exports,
191.529;. bushels. -x Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 82%c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red. 81%o elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 85%c f. o. b. afloat;, No. 1
hard Duluth, 91%c f. o. b. afloat. - ; Options
were generally firm all day, advancing on bull
ish home crop news, outside' buying, local
covering and small Argentine * shipments.
July, 79 ll-16@S0%c, closed 80%c; September,
77 l-16<g>77%c. closed 77V4c.
HOPS— Quiet.
> HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
CO FEE — Spot, quiet; No. 7 ¦ invoice, 6%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova. 8Vi@12%c.
¦Futures closed -quiet and net 10@15 points
lower. Total sales were 13,000 bags, includ
ing June, at 5.20c; July at 5.30c; August at
E.35c ; September at 5.45c; October at M5@
5.50c; November at 5.50c; December at 6.50c,
and January at 5.75c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm;- fair refining, 3 3-32c;
centrifugal,. 96 test, 4Vlc; molasses sugar,
3 15-32c; refined, cuiet.' •
BUTTER— Receipts, 11,470 packages. Steady.
Creamery. 15@19c; factory, ll@13%c. •
-EGGS — Receipts, 16.3S0 ¦ packages. .Firm.
Western ungraded, 11%@12%c; Western select
ed, 13@13%c. ' ,
NEW YORK. May 31.— FLOUR— Receipts.
29,S0O barrels; exports, 6341 barrels. More ac
tive and firmer with wheat.
New York Grain and Produce.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
SI; minimum, S3; mean, 67.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has fallen slightly during the
past twelve hours over Oregon and Southern
Washington. An area of high pressure is
moving rapidly eouthwestward over, Idaho and
Wyoming.
The temperature has risen from 6 to 16
decrees over Northern and Central California.
It has also risen over Oregon. Warm weather
prevails in the valleys of California, with a
moderate norther.
Maximum temperatures of 94 degrees are re
ported at Fresno, Sacramento and Red Blu3.
At Point Reyes a temperature of 55 degree*,
while at Mount Taxnalpais at the same hour
the temperature was 80 degrees.
Forecast made at San Francisco lor thirty
hours ending midnight June 1:
Northern California — Fair Saturday; contin
ued warm weather: fresh northerly winds In
the Interior; westerly .winds on the coast,
with fog in the afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; con
tinued warm weather In the interior, with
fresh northerly winds; westerly winds on the
coast, with tog.
Nevada— Fair Saturday: continued • warm
weather; freeh northerly winds.
Utah— Fair Saturday; wanner; fresh north
erly winds.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; warmer In northern
portion: frech northerly winds.
San Franetsco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
continued warm weather; light northerly,
changing to fresh westerly winds, with fog
in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
»- _ — :#
NEW TORK, May 81.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
May 3b, 1901, with the percentage i of increase
and decrease, as compared with the' correspond
ing week last year: * • ¦
Cities—' Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,049,395,433 26.9 • ....
Chicago 122,578,747 6.5
Boston 103,034.220 16.3 ....
Philadelphia ... 81,100.145 17.2 ....
6t. Louis.... 34,076,492 • 27.8' ....
Plttsburg ..: 34,341,715 25.0. • ....
Baltimore* 18.613,869 23.8
San Francisco 18,025.750 3.9 >....'
Cincinnati 15.326.350 12.0
Kansas City 14.139.683 35.3 '¦
New Orleansr 9,098,243 " 15.9 ; •....
Minneapolis ........ 6.975,946 ./.. ; 12.4
Detroit 6,965,547 14.6
Cleveland 9,838,464 10.4
Louisvlle 7,274,003 12.2 ....
Providence . 4,598,400 1.0
Milwaukee R.071.1S1 19.2
St. Paul 3,753,529 /..: ....
Buffalo 5,210,001 31.9 ¦ :...
Omaha B.187.883 ' ..:. 6.6
Indianapolis B.286,217 9.2 .:..
Columbus, 0 6,164,300 ' 3.1
Savannah 3,034,415 3.5 . ....
Denver 3,145,783 .... 9.0
Hartford 1,715.630 t 4.9-
Richmond 2,577.520 ..'... 11.1
Memphis 2,632.269 40. R : ....
Washington 2,253,921 C.7
Peoria 1,821.377 30.1
-Rochester 2.164,362 : 18.7
New Haven 1,153,243 4.8
Worcester 1,120.153 38.6 .... |
Atlanta 1,503,192 28.4
Salt Lake City 1,897,151- 20. 0
Springfield. Mass.... 1,141,868 24.1
Fort Worth ' 2,705.459 49. <? ....
Portland. Me S39.8G5 23.8 ' ....
Portland, Or.. 1.476,411 . .... 5.5
Ft. Joseph..... :. 4.129.902 -.... ¦ 6.8
Los Angeles 2,091.523 30.6'
Norfolk. 1,252,547 .... 13.7
Syracuse 1,001,552 .... ....
Des Moines 1.3S6.444 34.8
Nashville 1,155,136 32.9 ....
Wilmington, Del... . 701,610 3.7 ..'..
Fall River 628.635 21.8
Scranton 1,111,105 30.7
Grand Rapids 1,002.427 14.3
Augusta, Ga 874.677 - 44.2
Lowell .' 424,900 2.1
Dayton, 0 1 839.320 5.9
Seattle 2.090,800 - 22.5 '
Tacoma 1.089,043 • ' 13.5 -....
Bpokane 801,168 • .... ' ,1.2
Bloux City : •i3,473 .... 17.0
New Bedford 256.160 .... .9.2
KnoxvIUe, Tenn 509,065 42.9 ....
Topeka 16.0 ¦ '.'...
Birmingham 811,045 .... ¦ 2.6
Wichita- 476.787 '....
Binghamton 277,500 .-' • 3.1
Lexington, Ky 33J.877 35.5 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 358,491 53.4
Kalamazno 316.270 ¦ ¦' * 4.8
Akron, O • 466.400 .
Chattanooga 353,398 .... , 8.7
Rockford, 111 • 238.633 15.0
Canton. O.. . 257.4C0 9.8
Springfield, O....... 212.929 11.5 ....
Fargo, N. D 212.015 ' ¦ 1.8
Sioux Falls. S. D... 166,736 81.1 ....
Fremont, Nebr 149,369 10.3
Davenport ' 681,698 8.2
Toledo 1,692.144 18.6 ....
Galveston 5,477,000 21.4 • ....
Houston 7.322,644
Macon 451,000 25.2 ....
Evansville 901,215 10.5 I ;...
Little Rock 463,230 - 23.4 ....
Helena 454,349- .... 13.0
Springfield, 111 373,300 - 10.0
Youngstown, 0 385.946 40.0 • ' ....
Jacksonville, 111 96,701 r 7.4
Totals, U.S.... $1,625,061,383 ,21.9
Totals outside N. Y 575,665,950 - 13.6 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,862,098 " 13.-8 ....
Toronto -9,956,291 3.5 .;..
Winnipeg 1,470.816
Halifax L499.116. 12.8 i ..1.
Hamilton 634,746 14.0
St. John, N. B 615,183 .... ' • 2 3
Quebec 1,279,881 .... ' ....
Vancouver 766.189 •.... 10.6
Victoria 724,671 42.5 . ....
Totals $30,089,110 5.2 ....
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date is compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the' last twenty
four hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 31—6 p. m.
Weather Report.
"Xuts are very quiet, except Jordan shelled.
which are* higher and wanted. Holders were
very firm yesterday at SSc. some asking up to
89c. Stocks of Jordan* are believed to be
light."
"About the only business worthy of special
mention is In Imported Sultanas, sales aggre
gating 900 boxes being reported in the past
forty-eight hours at prices around 12c, 13c and
14c for 2-crown. 3-crown and 4-crown. Some
little trade Is reported In Valencia layers, also
at 7c. There is rather better buying of cur
rants by the country trade, but males are alto
gether for immediate wants. Oregon 3O-40s
prunes are firmer, none being heard of under
t)' 4 c, with not many available at that price.
Other sizes of Oregons are virtually exhausted.
California, prunes are wanted in a small way
only. ..
"Dried fruits are quiet throughout practically
the whele list, but the market generally is held
fslrly steady, owing 'almost entirely to the
fact that spot stocks in nearly all lines are
extremely light. With the prevailing dullness
and anything like normal supplies at this period
there is no doubt whatever that the market
would be in very bad shape. Currants and
apricots are held very firm, but unquestionably
prices on any other line of goods could be
¦shaded for round lots. There is almost no In
quiry for sizable quantities, however, and the
orders that are being filled are, as a rule, very
Email.
Mall advlc«s from. New York say:
Dried Fruit in New York.
Baiik Clearings.
Local bank clearings in May were $100,051,798,
against JS9.S07.566 for May. 1900. The clearings
for the first five months of the year amount
to S462,343,O11. against S398.O77.OS8 for the same
time last year.
The stock opened .'cheerful \ on ; news
that the vexed "Chinese question : was ' in' 'a* fair
way of ' being . settled by the • payment - of • the
indemnity demanded. - Consols at-; the same
time spurted in' expectation of an early * reduc
tion of ; the ' bank rate. . The hard fighting : in
the Transvaal is regarded as something better
NEW : YORK,*; May "SI.— The • Commercial- Ad
vertiser's London : financial "cablegram ' says:
London (Mjrket.
' CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 106% NYC lsts.. ...... .108
Do coupon 106% N J C gen 5s 132W,
Do 3s reg 103 N Pacific 3s 71%
Do 3s coupon 109 Do 4s 105%
Do new 4s reg.-.lSS 1^ N T C & St L 4s.. 107
Do new 4s eoup.l3SVi N & W con 4s. 101U
Do old 4s reg 113% Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup...llS>.i Do 4s 104
Do 5s reg 10S% Or Short Line 6s.. 127%
Do 5s coupon 108% Do con 5s 116>/i
LMst of Col 3.63s.. .135 Reading gen 4s..., 96%
Atchison gen 4s...lO3%RG W lsts 101
Do adj 4s.... 95 St L & I M con 6s.ll5
Canada So 2ds M8%|St L & S F gen 6s.l34
Ches & O 4%s 106% St Paul cons .183
Do 5s ..lWVilSt P C & P lsts... 118%
Chi & N con 7s.. ..141% Do 5s 119
Do S F deb" 5e.... 121% S Pacific 4s 95%
Chicago Term 4s... 95% S Railway 5s. .....116%
Colorado So 4s 88%! Stand r & t $s... 62%
D & R G 4s..: KG^iTex & Pac lsts. ..119
Erie gen 4s ?9 Do 2ds 99
F W & D C lsts...H0>4 U Pacific 4s....:. ..105%
Gen Electric 5s.... 185% Wabash lsts. 117
Iowa Central lsts.117% Do 2ds..., 110
L & N unl 4s 103% West Shore 4s Hi .
M K & T 2ds 82 Wise Cent lsts.... 89%
Do 4s 93. Va Centuries 95%
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con.......... 20 Little- Chief. .... 13
Alice .: 43 Ontario .....:. 775
Breece :...l 55 Ophlr .'. 85
Brunswick Con 13 Phoenix 12
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosi .......; 02
Con Cal & Va.......2 25 Savage 10
Deadwood Terra.'... 55 Sierra * Nevada " 13
Horn Silver 1 20. Small Hopes.. ; 45
Iron Silver.. 58 Standard '...:.. .2 75
Leadville Con...."...: OSI - • ,, . • : . - •-, -;,
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. W~j-
Money— iWestlngh Elbe...'. 63
Call loans ...'..3 '@4 Bonds—- 1 ' -
Time loans ....3%@4% Atchison 4a ...102%
Stocks— . ¦ ¦ N . E G & Coke 63 ¦
"AT & St Fe 83% Amer Tel 4s 101
Do prefd 101% Mining Shares— <
Amer Tel 174 Adventure ......... 108%
Boston : & Albany. 234% Blngham c Min Co. 23%
Boston ' L 181 Amal Copper :....U8%
Boston & Maine.. 193 Atlantic ..../...... 30
Chi Bur & Q.....195 Boston & Mont. ..450
Dominion Coal ..'..34' Butte & Boston '..114
Do prefd ..;.....U5 ' Calumet' & Hecla.825
U S Steel 4SVi Centennial \ 29,
Do prefd ......./ 37% Franklin .....-....-..-17
Fitchburg prefd .141 Humboldt ..........25
Gen Blectrlc ¦ .230 Osceola ...'......:..-. 86%
Mexican Cent .... 2o'/i Parrott ......: 54>£
N E Gas & Coke.. 10 Quincy ,.170
Old Colony ..^ ...209 Santa Fe Copper. 7%
Rubber- 20% Tamarack-..: 335.
Union Pacific '.....108% Utah Mining ....... 29%
Union Land 7.V...- 3 Wlnona -.:....: 2%
West End 94 [Wolverines k 56V>
1.423,400 Shares sold.
84,900 Atchlson prefd 101%
8,600 Baltimore & Ohio 105%
J.300 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 94
3,400 Canadian Pacific 105 |
1,000 Canada Southern 68
6.500 Chesapeake & Ohio 49H
4,300 Chicago & Alton 42%
300 Chicago & Alton prefd '.. 79%
3,100 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 195%
6,400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 39%
700 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 73
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 125
2,100 Chicago & Great Western 22>4
Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 80
100 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 46
400 Chicago & Northwestern 199
1.900 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 156
1,200 Chicago Terminal & Transit... 22%
S00 Chicago Terminal & Transit prefd. 43V4
1.200 C C C & St Louis :. 82%
JL100 Colorado Southern 15%
600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 52
1.200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23 7 £
4,000 Delaware & Hudson 167%
1.200 Delaware 1/ack & Western 241
3.1C0 Denver & Rio Grande 48%
2,100 Denver &RIo Grande prefd 94fc
43.800 Erie 42
12,500 Erie 1st prefd..... 69%
3,100 Erie 2d prefd 55%
800 Great Northern prefd~.. .......ISO
3,100 Hocking Valley 63%
1,000 Hocking Valley prefd. 77T4
3.000 Illinois Central 140%
2,100 Iowa Central 35%
COO Iowa Central prefd 62^4
Lake Erie & Western 57
Lake Erie & Western prefd 12Q
12.300 Louisville & Nashville ..105%
7,800 Manhattan L .... ; . 117%
3,300 Metropolitan Street Railway 163\4
3,100 Mexican Central 2S%
600. Mexican National 10%
3.000 Minneapolis & st Louis 98
13,500 Missouri Pacific 1O3>4
4,100 MlFsouri Kansas & Texas .'. 80%
9,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 61'%
1.1C0 New Jersey Central : 159U
25,600 Xew York Central '.156 1 *
5,900 Norfolk & Western 61%
200 Norfolk & Western prefd.. $">.£
Northern Pacific 140
300 Northern Pacific prefd 98
18,900 Ontario. & Western 34V;
44.900 Pennsylvania 14774.
13,100 Reading 43$
8.900 Reading lsfprefd 76%
4.&W Reading 2d prefd MVi
1,100 St Louis & San Francisco 45%
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 85
2.300 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 70li
1.90O St Louis Southwestern 34
3.800 St Louis Southwestern prefd 64Vi
13.500 St Paul U .,..162%
200 St Paul prefd m
14S.S00 Southern Pacific 65U
103,2uO Southern Railway sssi
11.000 Southern Railway prefd 85%
6,200 Texas & Pacific 47^i
1.9C0 Toledo St Louis & Western 21
1,200 Toledo Pt Louis & Western prefd.. S7&
134,200 Union Pacific lo«H
10,800 Union Pacific pfd. 30
23,600 .Wabash 24%
21,800 Wabash pfd ., 43%
30) Wheeling & Lake Erie.... 17^
3M) Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d pfd.:.... CO
500 Wisconsin Central *20>i
Wisconsin Central pfd '... 44%
P. C. C. & St. L 74
Express companies —
... Adams ....;.. ..175
American 188
United States SO
Wells Fargo 144
Miscellaneous —
33,900 Amalgamated Copper .' .118%
7,500 American Car & Foundry 28%
900 American Car & Foundry prefd.... 82V*
400 American Linseed Oil 16%
100 American Linseed Oil pfd 44%
900' American Smelting & Refining..'... 57Vi
1,200 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 97%
17,900 American Tobacco 137
9,300 Anaccnda Mining Co 50
10,600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit „ 77%
4,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 97%
8.400 Consolidated Gas 221%
18,700 Continental Tobacco 66%
600 Continental Tobacco pfd '. 112
2,100 General Electric 229%
3.70U Glucose Sugar 59
200 Hocking Coal 18
100 International Paper 24
1,500 International Paper pfd 79%
2,200 International Power 100
100 Laclede Gas 83
1.C00 National Biscuit 45
National Lead 18'i
600 National Salt .." 4414
100 National Salt pfd 76
300 North American 89%
Pacific Coast 60
1,600 Pacific Mail :.. '. 37%
25,100 People's Gas 115%
200 Pressed Steel Car 45%
1C0 Pressed Steel Car pfd 85%
200 Pullman Palace Car '. ..207
1,600 Republic Steel '.. 19%
2,700 Republic Steel pfd '. 74*4
10,100 Sugar 147
8,000 Tennessee Coal & Iron... 6O4i
100 TJnton Bag & Paper Co 12%
200 Union Bag & Papor Co pfd 70
11,300 United States Leather i4Vi
7,900 United States Leather pfd 79=4
. 300 United States Rubber 21
• 100 United States Rubber pfd 61^i
118,100 United States Steel 4Sli
53.S0O United States Steel, pfd 97%
10,900 Western Union 94%
Failures for the week numbered 148. in the
United States, against 160 last year, and 27 in
Canada, against ¦ 20 last year. .'
• Heavy., brown goods have steadied under bet
ter Chinese inquiry, but local retail and job
bing trade is restricted by unfavorable weather.
Although It is between seasons with the silk
trade 3 there is a ' good demand and available
stocks of the more desirable lines are reported
light. The ribbon trade continues brisk, de
spite lowering skies." Carpets and upholsteries
improve and in staple clothing woolens' there
is more activity. This brings out raw wool
more freely, but there is not demand enough
to advance prices in the face of heavy stocks
and a large new clip coming forward. In fact
the accumulation of supplies has ¦ had a dis
tinctly depressing influence and in the Phila
delphia-'-market" quotations' are perceptibly
easier. - The decline extends to the entire list
of domestic wools, although - not' more than
a cent in any grade. ; :
I Extended holidays abroad and a short one
in this country have tended to make the grain
markets unusually quiet, while corn has had
the added drawback of hesitation among
traders, ¦ who have J not recovered from the
manipulation in the May option. Foreign pur
chasers were driven out of this market by In
flated quotations, as shown by Atlantic exports
In five weeks of only 9,436,265 bushels, against
17,341.065 Vast year, and 13,433,818 in the same
weeks of 1899. Each reaction in • wheat is
quickly followed by recovery and much sup
port is found in gloomy reports from growing
sections. Insufficient moisture and low tem
perature are the chief causes of complaint and
injury from insects is-also rumored, but there
is always more or less loss through these in
fluences and the splendid condition earlier in
the' season gives reason to hope for an abun
dant yield. * - . •
Misfortune ' has also overwhelmed cotton
plantations, according to the pessimistic views
circulated . by traders and factories, who are
endeavoring . to sustain prices in the face of
heavy receipts and unsatisfactory conditions at
New England mills, where print -cloths have
been sharply reduced to 2%c in order to dispose
of the accumulation, which is said to reach
2,000,000 pieces. •
i There is a little less ' activity among manu
facturers . of •: boots and - shoes, some . of -¦ the
smaller plants . reducing time or ; closing, . os
tensibly for the purpose of taking stock. • In
ventories would easily wait a month, however,
if orders were abundant. Salesmen in the
West and South are sending good orders for
fall delivery, but the local Jobbing trade has
received a setback from the continuous rain.
Leather is still strong and active for heavy
sole and high-priced uppers. Shipments of
boots and shoes from Boston have shown the
expected decrease, from the phenomenally large
figures of recent preceding, weeks,- but are still
very heavy and since January 1 exceed last
year's by about 7000 cases.
Iron and steel mills are working at full ca
pacity and more new plants have been v put.in
operation. Quotations are well maintained,,
without any effort to secure advances. Farm
ing machinery is a feature of the* domestic
business and there is ' no sign of decrease in
the export movement of these products, which
has attained enormous proportions.
"Rails are also going out freely to Australia
and South America. Railways are unable - to
secure freight cars and other supplies, while
structural work proceeds briskly with little in
terruption from labor controversy. . .'
While the weather in the East has hampered
distributive trade to a ¦ large extent ' this j week,
rendering j the season In some lines rather un
satisfactory, \ the West ¦ and. . South report un
changed conditions, ¦ with operations - up
tothe recent average.' It is the season- when
crop dam'age rumors 'are always heard, and
they have come' from' many quarters, but prob
ably in ¦ large part owe their origin to , specu
lation. There' is nothing as' yet to cause any
modification of the general estimates made re
cently and founded- upon the special returns
from" correspondents *of R. *G. r Dun & Co. The
labor situation is a little brighter. | Many strikes
have been settled and others ! are- expected to
terminate * shortly. ~ " . , .
• NEW YORK, May Jl.— R.' • G. • Dun : & Co.' s
Weekly, Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 14,617 [Potatoes, sks...,. 1,797
Oats, ctls 901 Bran. sks. ... 3.000
Giant Powder Company has declared a dlT*»
dend No. 30 of 75 cents per share.
Flour, Qr eks 11,544 Straw, tons....... 34
Wheat, ctls 3,330 Wool, bales...... 165
Barley, ctls 12,350 Hides. No....:... 1,109
Rye, ctls 433 Pelts, bdla 2g&
Potatoes, ska..... 4,850 Lime, bbls 637
Onions. . sks 1.160 Sugar, ctls TOO
Bran. sks.. 2,600 Quicksilver, flska 40
Middlings, sks... 350 Leather, rolls.... 163
Hay, tons 775 Chicory, bbls.-.. ST
FOR FRIDAY. MAY 81.
Receipts of Produce.
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 85; Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 794® 7%c; local mak«, %«
less, than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30®3te;
Fleece Twine. 7%®8c.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $3; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $3 50; Coo«
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; .Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton. accord
ing: to brand.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been two arri
vals of coal from British Columbia, 14,403 tons;
seven from Washington, 17.655 tons; three from.
Oregon, 1200 tons; .total, 33,258 tons. Although
arrivals have been liberal for the past several
weeks, , there is no accumulation In the yards,
and some of our wholesale dealers have been
endeavoring to get a reserve stock on hand
to prepare for emergencies. It is very mani
fest that the fuel consumption this year is
materially greater than last, when we com
pute the fuel oil that is being used by soma
of our largest factories, railroad companies,
etc.. which formerly utilized coal only. Prices
are well sustained, and values are now named
exclusively . by our coast colliery proprietors,
where formerly Australian and English pro
ducts were the principal factors in establish
ing quotations , for years past. It is
probable that the Australian list may b«
swelled considerably within the next threa
months, for coal delivery here the latter part
of the year. This is almost assured, as wheat
tonnage must i reach here from the Colonies,
and coal Is the only available article to carry.
The oil position is bettering Itself somewhat,
and must continue to do so, as the manage
ment Is drifting into commercial hands, where
it will be Intelligently manipulated. Fuel oil
values will be advanced, and producers will
willingly pay 25 per cent more for it than th«
present ruling prices."
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. Jl 30: Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, 73c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases, 83c; China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon;, pure Neatsfoot OIL
barrels. 63c: cases. 70c: Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 37%@42%c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. Jn barrels, 35c: cases. 40c.
. COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
12Hc; Pearl Oil. in cases, 18%c; Astral, lSHc;
8tar, 18%c; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 23%c;
Eocene. 20%c: deodorized stove Gasoline, ia
bulk, 15c; In cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c;
In cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c;
In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 53c per gallon in cases an*
49c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb.ln 100-lb bags:
Crushed. S.t£c; Powdered. «.85<rt Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c: Dry Granulated. 5.75c; ? Confec
tioners* A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia a; 5.35c; Extra C, 5.23c; Golden C,- 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxet,
60c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for. less than 75 barrels or its ecruivalent.
Domlnoa, half -barrels. 6.50c; boxes, 6.73c per lfc.
General Merchandise.
There is no further change. The supply o f
Hogs continues ample for the needs of local
packers.
¦Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
axe as follows: ¦ .
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and «®6Hc per lb
for cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%®Sc: small, 8®9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%®Tff p«r
pound. • • - •¦¦
UA.MB— Sprlns, 8@9c per potind.
PORK— Live Hogs, 180 lbs and under, »H9
6Vic; ISO to 225 lbs, 6@6%c; 223 and over, 5HSt5c»
feeders. ; dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c.
"_» »^ "7. »_• _ i
San Francisco Meat Market.
Mendocino. 14@loc per lb; Northern, free. 12a
13c: defective. 9@llc; Middle County, free. 10a
lie; do. defective. 8@10c; Southern, 13 monthT
8® 9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c;; do. de
fective, 7 month3, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine
14@15c; do, medium and coarse, 13®14c; Oregon'
Eastern, choice, lt@13c; do. fair to good, 9® lie:
Nevada, 10®12c
HOPS— 15®20c per lb.
• '-- CLOSING. 1
LIVERPOOL, May 3L— WHEAT— Spot. tto.
1 western winter, 5s lid; No. 1 northern spring,
firm, » 6s Id ; • No. 1 California, steady, ' 6s %d.
Futures, steady; July. 5s HHd; September, 03
10%d. .#¦-.. .
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
3s ll%d. Futures, steady; July 8s lid; Sep
tember, 3s ll%d.
HOPS — At- London (Pacific coast), steady,
£4@4 13s. ... : "
LONDON, May- Sl.-Consols, H%. .Silver.
27;7-16d., French rentes, 101f®101f 17%c. English
"country markets, quiet 'but steady; import into
U. K., wheat, ' 288,000 quarters; import Into U.
K., flour, 148.000 barrels. •
LIVERPOOL, May 28.— WHEAT— Firm'; No.
1 Standard California.' 6s lHd@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, partly cheaper; weather In Eng-
Foreign Markets.
. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 31.— Wheat— Quiet fold steady.
Bluestem..61V4c; Club. 59Hc. ....
PORTLAND, May 31.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
59@60c. ¦ . • . . '.
Total wheat shipments, flour included, from
Oregon and Washington for the season to
date amount to 29,759,681 bushels. 1 *
For the same period during" the season of
1899-1900 the shipments were 20,126,170 bushels.
Northern Wheat Market. *
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 31.— Clearings. $450,053;
balances,' $67,354. . _-.•.> ; - Sgt ' ;
NEW YORK, May 31.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sales California fruit: Cherries— Royal
Anne, $125® 3; Tartarians, 90c@$l 45; Pontlac,
$105; Centennial, $1; Cleveland, 50@70c. Apri
cots—Royal, $1 55@2 37; Seedlings, $1 80@2 30;
Newcastle, $1 80. Peaches— Alexander. $4. Two
cars sold. • - ¦ ' ,.
CHICAGO, May 31.— Porter Bros." Company
sales California fruit: Apricots— Royal, $1 60®
3; Seedling, $1 45@1 85 crate, $1 05 box. Peaches
—Alexander, $1 70@l 85.
Portland's Business. .
Calif ornia Fruit Sales:
'CHICAGO, May 3L-CATTLE--Receipts, 2500.'
Good to prime steers, $5 45®6 05 ; poor to medi
um, $4 40@5 40; stockers and * feeders. $3@4 90;
cows and heifers, $2 85@4,90; canners, $2 25®
2 85;. bulls, ,$3@4 40; .. calves, . $4@6 15; Texas
steers, $5 25@5 40; dOj bulls, $2 75®3 85. .' > ',
HOGS— Receipts to-day, >. 22,000; , to-morrow,
17,000. About steady, - closing I easier. : Mixed
and butchers, $5 70@5 95; good to choice heavy,
$5 80@6 00; light, ' $5 65@5 90; bulk of sales,
$5 82V4@5 92%. - -• • . ; •¦ . - - v-
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. • Choice,- steady: oth
ers, slow."- Good to choice wethers, $4 35@4 60;
fair . to choice mixed;. $4 1O@4 40; Western
sheep, $4 40@4 60; yearlings,' $4 50@4 75; na
tive lambs," $4@5 65; Western lambs, $5@5 65.
Chicago Livestock (Market.
• NEW YORK, May 3L-COTTON— Futures
closed steady,- unchanged to six points • net
higher.; , >
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 31.— To-day's market for
metals manifested all the characteristics of a
regular holiday. Demand ' was light and con
fined chiefly to immediate requirements.
Copper . in , London advanced. 5s . but was
very : . quiet r - at £69 8s 9d for
sp^>t and . £70 . 10s . 3d • for futures. Here the
market was dull and ; without change. Aside
from its t continued steadiness, lead locally ex
hibited no new feature. 'The close was steady
at s $4 87%.*:' while In " London prices fell - off 2s
6d to £12 6s- 3d. ' Spelter ruled quiet at $3 95®
4, while in London prices fell : off 2s fid, spot
closing at £12 6s 8d.- > Domestic Iron markets
were rather easy and in buyers' favor. Plg
lron warrants, $9 50®10 50; ' Northern foundry,
$15 25@16 50; Southern'- foundry $14@15 50, and
soft Southern, $13@15 50. - Glasgow warrants
closed at 63s Sd and Middlesboro 45s 6d.
New York, Metal: Market.
': . LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ; July. ¦ Sept.
Opening ...., r 5 11% • 5 10%
Closing......:.........-..-..':.-...;..,. 5 11% 510%
'¦_! : paris. iSgaSfcS
Wheat— \ May. July- Aug.
Opening - * .20 20 20 80
Closing ... ............... ;....2O35 "20 95 -
Flour— . . - . ' -.
Opening ..,,.. 25 10 25 85
Closing . ..........;;... ."n\. ..25 45 25 85
Foreign Futures.
Silver a fraction lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer. Barley quiet and unchanged.
Oals advanced under light stocks. Corn firm but quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff s in good demand and steady.
White Beans firm under pending Government contracts.
Old Potatoes firm and new weak. Onions steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue plentiful and unchanged.
Poultry in liberal supply. A car arrived from the East.
Fresh fruits continue in sufficient supply.
Dried fruits quiet and featureless. . .
Two cars of Oranges sold at the auction.
Light business on the local exdujnges. . *0?£ : *i
Local bank clearings gain materially over last year.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
-HIDES AND . SKINS— Culls" and brands sell
about •.« l%c under quotations/ . Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%©10e;< medium,; 9c; 'light, 8@8^c; Cow
Hides. &nC for heavy and ' 8%c for light-. States
6%c; Salted Kip." 9o; Salted Veal. 9@9-,4c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides.. 15Hc@16c; Culls, 13H®14c-
Dry Kip. «16c; Dry Calf.- ~16@17cr Culls and
Brands,; 13@14c; Sheepskins,- shearlings, 15®30c
each; short Wool, 30@50c each; medium, 60®75c*
long Wool/ 80c@$l each: Horse Hides.- salt J2 50
for large and < $2@2 25 for medium. • $l@i 25 for
small and 50c for; Colts; Horse Hides, dry $175
for .large," $1 25 for medium, :$l; for small and 50c
for Colts.r Deerskins— Summer or red skins 35o
fall or medium skins, SOc: winter or thin skins'
200."^.; Goatskins — Prime ¦ Angoras, 1 75c ; large and
smooth," 50c ;: medium,' 35c •-¦•" . - - . - , •> .,
- TALLOW— No." 1 rendered. • 4?4@5c per lb: Nc '
3,* 4@4%c; grease.' 2®2V4c- . . ,,-.
- .woOLr^Sprtng," •'1500 •• or ; 1801— Humboldt «•' and
.All articles under, this bead are as. before
quoted.
: CURED MEATS-^-Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy
12%@lSc for, light medium, 13%c for light,' I4%c
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef, $12
per : barrel: • extra , Mess, ¦ $12 50; 'Family, ' $11 50 ;
prime > Mess ¦ Pork,' $15: ; extra clear.- $23- * Mesa*
$19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per lb. *
LARD— Tierces 1 quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10@10%c for pure; half-barrels -pure
io%(aiio?ic; * 10-lb »Uns. • 10%@ll%c: ¦ 5-lb tiri, 10%
@ii%c. ¦ . ¦ ... -
. COTTOLENE— One." half-barrel. 8%c-". three
half-bari'els, 8%c;'one tierce, :8"fcc; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces, 8%c, per lb. '
- Hides, ; Tallow, 'Wool and Hops. ,
Provisions.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7V4c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried. l%@2c; Peaches,
3%®4 for I standard, j 4"&@5"£c for choice and 6&
6>/ic for fancy; Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3@
4c; unpitted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 4®4V^c for red
and 4fff5c*fcr white. r
PRUNES-4 sizes, 3c; 40-50», 6^4c; 50-60s, 4^c;
60-7CS, 3%c; 70-80s, 3%c; 80-90s,- 2%c; 90- 100s,
2Vlc; 100-120S, l%c.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb;" choice, lie;
standard, 10c ;"• prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's,; 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per lb:
choice, ' 9%c; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached -. Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
B^4c: 4-crown. ; 7c; 3-cro^n. 6%c; S-cro'wn, 6c.
Pacific - brand— 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. 5%c, and
4-crown. 6%c: seeded (Fresno .Drices),v5%Crt
London Layers, 2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50;
Imperial. $3. All prices *f. o. • b. at common
shipping points in California. . . ¦
» NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. U®ll«c;
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10® 10%c; No. 2,
6^@7%c; Almonds, 13#14c for papershell, 10@
lie. for softshell and 5® 6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5® 6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. lltSmic:
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
J3 oCKgo.
HONEY— Comb, 10®llo for bright and 9@9Hc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5®5Uc
light amber extracted. 4®4V5c; dark, 3Uc. '
BEESWAX— 25®28c per lb-
Previous prices ¦ are quoted, and the market
is quiet. » ' •". ' ' ¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CURRANTS— $2 23@5 per chest.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1®2 23;
Seedlinjrs, .75c«&$l 50: Mediterranean Sweets,
75c@$l 75; Tangerines, 60c@$l 25; Lemons, 75c
St $1 25 for I common and $1 5O@2 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. S0c@$l 50; Mexican Limes.
$404 50: Bananas. - *1 50@2 50 Der • bunch' for
New Orleans and "Sl@2 for Honolulu; Pine
apples, $2@4 per dozen.
¦ STRAWBERRIES— $6@8 per chest for Long
worths and $4@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 333 chests and 365 crates. The latter
sold at 75c@$l per crate. .
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@6 per chest. '_- ? "i-
BLACKBERRIES— $8 per chest; from New
castle, $1@1 25' per crate. ¦ '
RASPBERRIES— $6@8 per chest; from New
castle.* $1@1 25 per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@3Oc per drawer and 2©
4c In bulk ; English. per lb. -
PEACHES— B0c®Jl 25 per box.
CHERRIES^-Receipts were 1422 boxes, sell
ing at 50@75c per box for red, 60®S5c for dark
and 75@9Oc for Royal Anne; Jn bulk. 5@7c per
lb for black and 2@5c for red and 6%@8c for
Royal Anne.
PLUMS— 75c@$l per box and $1 25@1 40 per
crate. .*
- CHERRY PLUMS— 5O@65c per drawer and 75c
@$1 per crate.
APPLES— Eastern. $1 50@l 75 per box; local
new, 40® 75c per box. -
APRICOTS— 75c@*l per crate and box for
Pringles' and 90c@?l 40 for Seedlings and
Royals. ;. ."* "..'-'
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Pears appeared from Courtland and Winters,
selling at 65@75c per box, and $25@50c per bas
ket. >
A car of Lemons was sold In the open mar
ket at $2 75 for fancy. '$150 for choice and $1
. Two cars of Oranges were auctioned as ' fol
lows: Fancy Navels, |2 40; fancy Valencia*.
$2 60; choice do, $1 70@2; fancy Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 40@l 60; choice do, 90c@$l 50.
Almost • all berries are. slightly lower.
Peaches . anJ 1 Apricots are . bringing: - good
prices. Apples are steady. Cherries continue
in light receipt and firm, and the canners are
said to be paying high prices in the country.
.'Plums have appeared.' Currants are in larger
supply and lower, with the ; .canners buying
at the Inside . figure.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice,
7%c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 3%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS— / --.-•.--
California Ranch— Selected White, 14c; mixed
colors, 13c per dozen. :•-¦*
California I Gathered— Selected. 12%c; atand
ard. 12c; seconds, . '—r-. ; ; - • u y- ; ¦ •,- ¦¦;.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts. 15c; seconds. 14c;
store, 13c. -¦-¦¦ .
BUTTER-
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
¦ BUTTER— Creamery, 17%@18c " per ; lb for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16%c
per lb. '•.'.•-..•¦-,.. : t --. . - ,
CHEESE— New, 8®9c: old, nominal; Young
Americas, 9@10c. • '¦.«¦'-» .
, EGGS— Ranch, 14%@16c for. good, to fancy;
store, ' 12%@13%c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Receipts were 173.9C0 pounds and 418 tubs of
Butter, . 2162 cases of Eggs. 380 cases Eastern
Eggs, 44,425 pounds California Cheese and - —
pounds Eastern Cheese.
All '- descriptions remain as before quoted.
Supplies are liberal and the tendency is ¦ still
to make concessions to keep stocks down to a
manageable point. '" . ¦ - . •
The receipts as published below, .are for for
ty-eight hours. "
Butter, Cheese, and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9cfor Gobblers
and 10®llc for Hens ; Geese, per pair, $1 25®
1 50; Goslings, $1 25®1 50; Ducks. $3 50@4 for
old and *4@5 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50;
young Roosters, $6 50® 7 50; old Roosters. $3 50
@4; Fryers, $4 50@5 50; Broilers, $3@4 for large
and $2 25@2 75 for. small; Pigeons. $1 25® 1 50
per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, J1®1 25; Rabbits.' $1 25©1 50 for
Cottontail and T5c@$l for Brush.
Local stock was dull, large young fowl only
being wanted. Hens, Ducks and old Roosters
are lower, and Turkeys are also off.
A car of Eastern came in. selling at $4 50®
5 for Hens, $6 50®7 for young Roosters. $4 50
for old Roosters. $5 for Fryers, $2 50®3 50 for
Broilers, $1 75 for Pigeons and Squabs $3 50
for old Ducks, $5 for young do. $1 25 for
Geese. 12c for Hen Turkeys and So for Gob
blers. . -
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 50c® $1 per box;
Asparagus, $1 75@2 for large, $1 25® 1 50 per
box -for No. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green
Peas, $l@150 per sack; String Beans, 4®7c
for Vacaville; Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Toma
toes, Mexican, $1@1 25 per crate; from Los
Angeles. 65c@$l; Dried Peppers. 12@18c; Dry
Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots. 25®35o-per sack;
Marysville Cucumbers, $1 25<gl 75 per box; Gar
lic, 4©5c for new; Green Peppers, 10c per lb
for Chile and 20c for Bell; Egg Plant. 10@15c
per. lb;> Green Corn, 25@35c per dozen; Summer
Squash. 75c®$l per box; Bay do, $1 75@2.
Poultry and Game, s .
ONIONS— Australians, jobbing, at .»4®4 23;
New Red, 4J)@50c per sack; New Yellow, *1@
1 25 per ctl. :¦>¦-.
POTATOES— Burbanks, , 50c@*l for River and
$1 35@1 65 for Oregon; Sweets, 65@75c , for Mer
ced; New Potatoes, $1 50®2 In sacks and $1@1 75
In boxes. . r . • f
Some inferior Green Corn Bold down' to 73c® $T
per sack. Otherwise there was little new in
Vegetables.
Receipts were 580 boxes Asparagus, "474 boxes
Rhubarb, 241 sacks * Bay Peas and 121 sacks
String Beans.'
; Old Potatoes are firm, while new are weak.
Onions show little change.' 1
BEANS— Bayos/$2 45@2 60; Small White. $4 80
@5; Large White, $4®4 20; Pink. $1 40@l 70;
Red. »3@3 25; Blackeye. *3 10@3 25; Lima*,. $6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red : Kidney, *4 75 per ctl.
- SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary. 3%&
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;* Rape, Z's&
2%c; Hemp, 3%c; Timothy. 6%c. ¦ . '. j_-
DRIED . PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, |3 70®
3 per ctl ; Blackeye, nominal. ¦
Onions and
The Government awards . on the ¦ contracts for
white Beans were expected ! yesterday and 'con
siderable curiosity was exhibited as to the quan
tity " wanted. ' This description continues" very
firm. * . > /\ : . •' : ¦•-. " - . - ¦ -
and Oat/ $9012; Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, |8@9 50; Barley, $7 50®9 50 per, ton. ...
•STRAW— 35®47%c> per bale.; -
Beans and Seeds. ' ,..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 1, 1901
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
¦Articles^-' •'"•'.'. /Receipts. Shipments."
Flour, barrels ................ n,O0O 14,000
Wheat, bushels 89,000 . * 315,000
Corn, bushels .:........ .......463 OOO 642,000
Oats, bushels .....294,000 184,000
Rye, bushels ..;..;...;........,.• l 000
Barley, bushels ...8 000 6,000
71%c ; No. 2 , red, 74%@75%c ; No/ 2 corn, 41%@
42%c; No. 2 yellow, 42%@43%c; No. 2 oats, 28%@
28%c; No. ; 3/whlte, : 28%@29%c; No. 2 rye,<52%c;
good feeding barley. 48@50c; fair to choice malt
ing." 51@52c; No. 1 flax seed; $1 70; No. 1 North
western. $1 70; prime timothy ! seed, $2 90@3 40;
mess pork, . per bbl;- \ $14 65@14 70 ; ' lard, per 100
lbs, $817%@8 27%;:short-rib sides (loose), $7 80®
8; dry salted shoulders, B%@7c; short clear sides
(boxed),-- $8 12%@8 25. ' . -
--On'the Produce Exchange : to-day ; butter was
strong; creameries, . 14@18%c; dairies. 14@16c.
•Cheese. 9@10%c. Ebbs, 11% c. • -
10
Associated Banks' Statement.
STATION'S.
| Last I This | ' Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento .........
Iran Francisco.......
Kresno
Independence
San Luis Obispo....
Los Angeles
£an Dlegra
47.40
24.63
¦ 20.21
21.17
11.31
6.S7
31.13
16.28
11.41
|
60.03
I 22.94
( 20.24
18.42
10.27
. 3.65
17.20
7.91
5.89
STATION'S.
| Last I This | ' Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento .........
Iran Francisco.......
Kresno
Independence
San Luis Obispo....
Los Angeles
£an Dlegra
47.40
24.63
¦ 20.21
21.17
11.31
6.S7
31.13
16.28
11.41
|
60.03
I 22.94
( 20.24
18.42
10.27
. 3.65
17.20
7.91
5.89
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY.
SATURDAY....JflneU931,
.At 11 o'clock a. m.
i '*. OCCIDENTAL HORSB EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
SIXTY HEAD OF HORSES,
All broken, from 4 to 8 years old. Suitable for
expressmen, liverymen, bakers, milkmen, team-
sters, etc. These Horses weigh from 950 to 1300
pounds. There are several well matched teams,
coupe and carriage horses. Also some very
choicely bred trotters among them. There will
be no reserve. This Is a rare opportunity to get
fine Horses at low prices.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
* 721 Howard st.
;. Horses at salesyard. - • •MISS MAJIY SCOTT, THE FIANCEE OF WALTER MARTIN. IN WHOSE
HONOR AN ELABORATE LUNCHEON WAS GIVEN. YESTERDAY
AFTERNOON BY MISS EDITH McBEAN. . ¦
¦V: A man who understands .women is ' will
ing to admit that he doesn't -understand
them; /-: ' , --- ;.:¦¦ :,:.¦¦¦•¦¦ ' -\ -v ; ¦;;,:
• ;RENO,'Nev.,iMay 33.— John Sparks, tha
Nevada cattle king, to-day purchased tha
George -"Wedeklnd mine. near, this -city.
The consideration l3*said to be $175,000." "
Sale of a'Beno Mine.
OAJCLAND,. May 3L— Robert Stowell,
the young man who was ,found vlate at.
night in . a woodpile on Franklin street
with a. revolver,, two hats and a mask' in
hi? possession, is charged : by .; the police
with carrying a concealed ¦ weapon * and
vegrancy.. Stowell -pleaded -guilty ito- ths
vagrancy charge to-day ' and » the ; other
charge was continued until to-morrow. '<:¦.. :
Stowell Faces Two .Charges.
OAKLAND, • May • ' 31.— Aged- Gustave
Barlettl,'. a Frultvale florist,- Is suing his
son, : John- Barletti, for wages which he
claims he has.earned in: working for the
latter at his nurseries. The. father pro
duced -witnesses who testified -, to seeing
the "* old ; man working • about • the place,
but the son said "his father .was unable
to earn morethan'hls board was worth.
Father Against Son.
Sutro : Contests Set . for Trial.
- Mrs. Clara iKluge-Sutro's contest . to tbe
"will of thevlate Adolph Sutro has been set
for hearing; by Judge Coffey on August 15.
Though van B-- Paterson, representing
Mrs. Kluge-Sutro, was willing to * waive
a -jury, • the ' executors objected ¦ and the
case will be heard by a jury. The con
test i instituted ' by Rosa V. Morbio and
others was' continued, to the same date. ,
•ALAMEDA, May 31.— The names of
those who will be graduated from the
local high- school were given out to-day.
They are: George H. Burkhardt Jr.,
Bertha C. Crawford, Lulu Crowe, Marlon
Gerald, -Jiro Harada, Lawrence R. Kess
ing, Louis H. Kilpatrick. Jessie Mackle,
Eana'.E. MacFayden, Anna McKenna,
William H. Murray, Isabelle M.- O'Connor,
Florence A. Parker, Blanche J. Speddy,
Mary Van Orden, Anita M. Winant. There
will • be no formal' commencement exer
cises. To-day the graduates were ten
dered a dinner by the low seniors. The
class party 'will be , given • next Tuesday
evening.
High School Graduates.
Important Evidence in Brandes Case
. Preserved in Shorthand Reports •
"of Former Trial. " /. . ¦/
OAKLAND, May 31— J. S. Harvey. -an
Important witness In' the first trial of the
Brandes case, did not .respond when .his
name was called to-day. The court bailiff
was put on the stand arid, testttled that
he had received information that. Harvey
had left the State and had since died. The
attorneys agreed to allow* his- testimony
to be read from the transcripts of the evi
dence at the -former hearings. • •• . -
Harvey was Brandes', assistant as night
watchman at the : time .. of the death of
Lillian Brandea. He lived at the Brandes
house. ' His testimony was to ; the effect
'that' Brandes accused Lillian of stealing
$16 and a box of^strychnine. He said that
ono night about a week .before the girl's
death he heard Brandes beating her after
midnight. He said that Brandes told him
the child .was incorrigible.;
TESTIMONY OF DECEASED
WITNESS' READ IN COURT
H U Brandensteln, Dawson Mayer, P. B.
Qulnlan, J." H. Wilson, A. Vallon. G. B. Mack
rett A. P. Hornberjr. Sam "Wheenland, Varney
W Gasktll. P. J. Walsh. Dr. V. Cowdcry, Clif
ford McClellan, ' W. B. Josselyn, Charles H.
Linn Dr. Kelly -Tlghe, Lansing Mlzner, Luk*
Battlea. Dr. C. H. Ball.-R. F. Wilson. W. H.
Gendar, W. Schmalz. A. Everett Ball, v E. N.
Smoot, J. - W. Orndorff, Thomas Morton. War
ren R. Payne, Captain T. F. A. Obermayer.
J. r P. Gallagher, Colonel R. de Clalrmont, J.
W Fish.V James Perry; Dr. B. H. Baumelster,
J. Stetremann, C. P. .Maze, W. A'. Hicks, Dr.
J.-S. Knowlton, A. L. .Valleau. . Thomas Saw
jer. A. Schlrmer. V?. C- Morken, ¦• William
Koehler, James O'Connor, ;H.;E. Boyes.
Judge Charles T. Conlan was elected
president- of the Society of Old Friends
last night, to succeed Melville Hermann,
resigned. . Charlts Kaufmann and Judge
A J -Fritz were elected vice presidents.
The following committee was appointed
to arrange for the picnic and barbecue to
be given on the occasion of the dedication
of the ne"wr home ¦ at' Glen' Ellen, - Somoa
County, orf' June SO: '
Judge Conlan Elected President.'
CAIilFORWIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, ! May 31.— The following
Californlans have, arrived ' at the hotels:
Raleigh— T. R. Turner, arid I wife, Dr. G.
M. Terrill and wife, \V. L.-Hughson and
wife, San Francisco; F. L.' Alexander, St.
Helena.. Arlington— E. S. Plllsbury, San
Francisco:- F. O. Johnson and wife, Los
Angeles. St. Jame&— Sam J.Chappel, Los
Angeles; Mrs. F. ¦ T. • Mooney, Miss -May
E. Davis, St. Helena. National— R. O.
Blncoln, San Francisco. : .• ;.
OAKLAND, May 31.— Franklin . Fearing
Wing, a United States army surgeon, who
will leave for Manila on the Sheridan to
morrow, was married this afternoon, to
Miss Sade Rice Jordan of . San Francisco
by Justice of the Peace Larue. .Dr.
Wing's residence v is in . Chicago. ¦ Mrs.
Wing will accompany her husband to the
Philippines. ; ¦-.'.-. . • v.
Will Take His Rride to Manila.
All the world's a stage— -and most of tho
occupants are supers who play thinking
parts. . : ':"-•*:'¦ • "
In the j Divorce Court.
•Joseph Cuneo was granted a divorce
yesterday from Isabella "Cuneo on the
ground of desertion! Suits for divorce
were filed by . Jennie Kennedy against
Peter J. Kennedy: for failure to provide;
Stella Derrick against F. N. Derricks for
cruelty: Mrs. C. Short against W. Short
for desertion; Charles W.Scheper against
Lizzie Scheper for. infidelity; ; Johanna
Boukof sky agains t - Henry : Boukof sky . for
cruelty and Elsie Barrett against Thomas
Barrett for failure to provide.
MAKES GRAVE CHARGE
- AGAINST ATTORNEYS
Samuel R. Crooks Says Rosenthal &
"Wise Influenced His Wife to-
Sue Him.
In an affidavit filed yesterday by Sam
uel R. Crooks. In which he asked for an
extension of time to prepare his defense
to the petition, of. his wife, Katherine
Crooks, who" demands his removal as
guardian of the 'persons and estates of
their children, Katherine and Ralph ' C.
Crooks, he charges Attorneys Rosenthal
and Wise with having influenced his wife
to begin the! proceedings against him that
they might be appointed her attorneys in
event she sued for a divorce. •
•'Counsel representing my wife, " says
Crooks, "Rosenthal and Wise, according
to my information and belief, are prose
cuting this matter solely for the purpose
of creating unpleasant relations between
myself and my wife, and have . been ad
vising her, for the purpose of having the
relations now existing between us become
so strained that she will apply for a di
vorce or take some other proceeding
against^ me, and In so doing employ them
as her attorneys." - ,''*¦'¦' - '¦"
• After reading the affidavit Judge Coffey
ordered the case | continued until June ; 4.
Unhappy Wives Seek Redress From
Marital , Differences Through
¦ the Divorce Court.
OAKLAND, May 31.— Mrs. May E. Kraft
claims that her husband by his cruelty
has doomed her to a premature grave. In
the trial of her suit for divorce . before
Judge Greene to-day she said that Kraft
had repeatedly threatened to kill her and
her children and had on one occasion se
verely beaten her little boy because he
did not respond "amen" quickly enough
when grace was" said at table. . .
Lulu H. Day, In her divorce suit against
Roscoe H.lDay, accuses her husband of
getting drunk and - bombarding her j with
the family crockery.
Mrs.* Myra E. Hallinan asks for a di
vorce .froijj ..James W. Halllnan after
twenty-five years of married life on the
ground of failure to provide. ...
Beglna , Willey, a grandniece of- Chris
Buckley, was to-day divorced from Frank
D. Willey for failure to provide. . The for
mer political boss appeared as a"; witness
in the case. . - -
Mrs. Florence . B. I>rew was to-day di
yorced from* George D. , Drew on the
¦ground of habitual intemperance.
SAYS HUSBAND'S CRUELTY
"WTLX. CUT OFF HER LIFE
The trouble originated when thre check
covering the rent for May Was presented
to the .Auditor to poet in his accounts.
The check called for J33S7 25, Instead of
J4GQ0, the full amount, as provided In the
lease of. the San Francisco Real Estate
and Investment Company to the i prop
erty. - ''.:•-
Upon > Inquiry the Auditor learned that
Hanson had accepted the check and given
a receipt in full for the rent. Upon de
n anding an explanation from Hanson the
Auditor was informed that .the difference
of $10 75 represented the cost of some re
pairs made to the premises by. 1 the lessee
company on its own account. .
•That is an irregular proceeding," said
the Auditor to Hanson, "and you must
correct it by requiring, the filing of a
clajjfi for the repairs on the part of the
company*."
Hanson muttered something about . the
Board of Education being independent of
the Auditor, in regard to the collection of
school funds. Wells emphatically replied
that the Auditor was a pote"nt factor In
the transaction. At this point Hanson
asked for his May salary demand and
the Auditor directed one of his deputies
to withhold it.
"That will not Influence me to alter my
action in this matter," said Hanson, who
had become excited. "I: will not be
coerced by. the Auditor or any. other of
flclal.'.' ' • "
"I am the bookkeeper of the city' gov
ernment," said Wells severely, "and you
are a subordinate. bookkeeper. -.It, is my
duty to se« that you perform your dutie3
properly, .and until, you do you will not
receive your salary."' -• .. ¦ ¦-. . k ¦¦
Hanson retired, very much subdued, and
at last accounts was trying to induce the
Auditor's • deputies to give him * his de
mand. .... . ... ¦ -; ¦•: -.: ..,-¦-:.
John H. Hanson,' secretary of "the Board
of Education, ran afoul of Auditor Wells
yesterday and as a result his salary de
mand for May. will be held up until, he Is
brought to a realizing- sense of his duties
in r.egard to the collection of the -rent of
the Lincoln School property. , ¦ v
His Demand Ordered
Withheld by Auditor
Wells. -
HANSON WAITING
FOR HIS SALARY
LEAVES HIS WIFE AND
CHILDREN- DESTITUTE
Lawrence Raaen Takes Eis Son and
Suddenly Departs, No One
Knows Whither.
Lawrence J. Raaen, a laborer, living at
211 Cumberland street, has mysteriously
disappeared from home with his child
Phtllp. His family Is in a destitute con
dition. The case has been reported to lh^
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, and Secretary White is making
an endeavor to locate the missing man.
fRaacn has been. employed for some time
by the Sutter Street Railway Company
snd has alwaj-B proved himself reliable.
Ills wife says that their married life has
Y>ft>Ti ft happy one and that there has
HgTgr been any disagreement in the fam
ily. Some time ago Mrs. Raaen was com
pelled to go to the hospital for treat
ment. While she was there her husband
left work and remained at home, caring
for the four children, the oldest of whom
is IP years of age. When Mrs. Raarfh
< erne home he resumed work, but on pay
right. May 23. he returned from work in
an unpleasant mood and declared that ho
was going- away. Shortly after 9 o'clock
in the evening he took his Fon Philip and
v.ent out of the house. Since then no
trace of either of them has been found.
The mother and three children were left
v/ithout money or food and have lived for
a week on provisions given them by the
, neighbors. Weakened by worry and lack
nl nourishment, the family was in a ter
rible condition when the case was brought
to the attention of the authorities.
Programme Consists of Drills in the
Various Studies Taught by
the School.
KITCHENGAETEIT HOLDS
GRADUATION EXERCISES
After -having completed a thorough
course of Instruction, in which all the
mysteries of house-cleaning, cooking,
Trashing and dusting were explained, six
ty-nine young -women were yesterday
graduated with honors from the Silver
Street Kitchengarten. The graduation
exercises Included an Interesting drill In
the various subjects taught in the school.
One of the principal aims of the institu
tion is to teach the pupils the true dig
nity of labor. The graduates were:
Mary Gau. Ell* Oau. Marie McDonald.' Alice
McDonald Flora Attell. Ethel Thomas. Nelly
Thomas, Hazel Gill, Leor.a Burgess, Genevieve
Gill, Crete Parker, Mary Kalop-eR. Annie Kalo
pres. Alice Dray. Lily Howe, -Hilda Myer. Ma
bel Schrader. Gertie Schrader. Elsie Duttke,
Ethel Robinson. Hazel Wilson, Edr.a Wilson.
May *Ehely, Grace Johnson. Bessie Nichols,
fiteila NichoU. Mary Laughlln, Nora O'Neill.
Lucy Scatta. Mary Preston, Bertha Llnderman,
Julia Lopez, Violet Howe. Sophie Smith. Nellie
Smith. Lily Danl«»lB, Mary Preston, - Annie
Thompson, Nettle Myers, Mamie Swenson, Lu
cil« 'Harrison, Ethel Bennett, Edith. Gardiner,
Alice Harrington, Rachel Greenbaum. Maude
Nicholson. Jessie Dietz, Minnie Grossman,
Claire McDonnel. Lizzie Carrey, Ella Jensen,
Evelyn Brpwnridtfe, Gertie Morton. Rose Fitz
jiatrick. Louise Bohenet, Clara Jones, Helen
Cochran, Edna Lucaa, Ethel Lucas, Mamie
nyykko. Anna Holm. Grace Ersklne, Nellie
I>avle« Bertie Fltzlns. Sabina Kearney, Mabel
McKeever, Lily Foley, Geraldine Jonea and
Charlotte Finnety. , JBF«|IBj
John Harada's Judgment Stands.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals handed down "a decision yesterday
sustaining the Judgment of the lower
court awarding $5000 damages to Jiro Ha
rada In his suit against the Southern Pa
cific Company for injuries received In a
railroad axcident in 'Alameda on October
i, 1E3S. Judge Robs dissented.
TJNTON LEAGUE MEMBERS
WILL BE BTraVTBTJBSED
Full Amount Paid in on Luncheon
Account -to Be Returned to the
Contributors.
The luncheon to. President McKinley,
proposed by the Union League Club, was
declared off three 'days before the time
appointed for the event. The Palace Ho
tel management, having incurred some ex
pense in preparing for the function, pro
poses to render an account against , the
club, but a heavy charge Is not antici
pated. The league Is so confident of an.
easy reckoning that the directors resolved
to refund to members the full amount
paid in by each subscriber to the banquet
club.- Two hundred and seventy members
contributed to the fund, each paying $7 50.
Checks were drawn yesterday, in favor of
the banquet ticket- holders and ln ; every
Instance the full amount paid in was cov
ered by the check. -. ...
The announcement that the club would
entertain the President and other distin
guished guests added quite a number of
new members to the roll, of .the club,. but
the a mounts received . on. account, of ini
tiation fees and. advance dues will not
offset the expense Incurred In preparation
to welcome the illustrious guests.. The
two chief receptions — one .in. honor of > the
Presldent.and the other in recognition of
the visiting Governors qnd Congressmen
added to the' league's prestlffe.
The, announcement of the twelfth con
gress sets forth that the topics to be con
sidered this year, will embrace the gov
ernmental department of mines, the es
tablishment of which has been urged by
tho miners of the country for several
years; rivers, waterways and harbors;
Nicaragua canal, semi-arid regions, Pa
cific cable, merchant marine, St. Louis
World Fair in 1903, trade with the Orient,
conbular service,- railroad transportation,
preservation of forests, rice cultivation
along the gulf coast, trade with Mexico,
exports and- imports through Pacific
Coast and gulf ports, oil fields, irrigation;
relation of the ¦ livestock interests to the
Government reserves and several other
topics of less special Interest, to the Pa
cific Coast communities.
The territory that Is entitled to send
delegates includes all the States and Ter
ritories west of the Mississippi River, to
gether with Hawaii and the Philippines.
Within tho States and Territories of the
Trans-Mississippi region are 25,000,000
dwellers. According to the plan of repre
sentation California will be • entitled to
send ten delegates for the tSate at large,
one for each county and one for each city,
with one additional delegate- for each 5000
Inhabitants, with the proviso that no city
shall send more 1 than ten delegates. In
addition each business organization may
send one delegate and one additional dele
gate for each fifty members, provided
that no organization shall have more than
ten delegates. The delegates will be taken
to all points of Interest in the gold region
about Cripple Creek. A rate or one round
trip fare has been made by the railroads
for delegates. Probably all the delegates
from California will be named within the
next fortnight. i
The twelfth annual session of the Trans-
Mlsslsslppi Commercial Congress will be
held in Cripple Creek, Colo., July 16, 17,
18, 19 and 20. Invitations to send dele-
Kates have been received by Governor
Gage, Mayor Phelan and Mayors of other
California municipalities and by the com
mercial bodies of this and other cities. No
delegates have yet been named to repre
sent the State. Governor Gage, said laat
evening that he had not yet considered
the matter of appointments. Mayor Phe
lan also said that he had not named tho
delegates to represent this city, but that
he will do so soon. He has not decided
anything concerning the personnel of the
delegation and will probably consult with
the California members of the official
board of the congress. The Californlans
who are connected with the congress offi
cially are Hugh Craig, who ia a member
of the advisory board; J. B. Lankershim
of Lop Angeles, one of the vice presidents,
and George H. Maxwell and Alfred - L.
Black, both of San Francisco, who are
members of the executive committee.
Commercial Congress to
Meet at Cripple
Creek.
STATE INVITED
TO CONFERENCE
The private dining room at the club
where the luncheon was served was in
gorgeous floral array in honor of the
event. Great branches of oak filled large
vases and bowls and were so distributed
about the rooms that whereever the eye
rested there was a bright vista of cool
green. The guests were seated at three
large round tables. Great white popples
with hearts of gold and great bunches of
yellow marguerites decorated the table at
which Miss Scott sat. Baskets of bach
elor buttons and tall delphinium decorated
the second table, and the third table was
beautiful with a decoration of velvety,
delicately tinted Lady Washingtons and
tall white Japanese iris. . . .
Miss Susie Blanding. Miss Brlgham. Miss Col
lier, Miss Sarah Collier, Miss Casey, Miss.Caro
lan. Miss Genevieve Carolan. Miss Cora Smed
berg, Miss Moore, Mrs. ; Pringle, Miss Elena
Robinson, the Misses Parrott, Miss Kip, Miss
Margaret Salisbury. Miss Kittle, Mi3s Bertha
Smith, Miss Cadwallader, Miss Ella Morgan,
Miss Theresa Morgan, Miss Bessie Ames, Miss
Ruth McNutt, Miss Carrie Taylor, Miss Marlon
Eels, Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs. Eleanor "Mar
tin, Mrs. Reginald Smith, Mrs. Downey Har
vey. Mrs. Walter . Hobart. Mrs.' Wlnthrop E.
lister, Mrs. Augustus Taylor, ' Mrs. ' W. H.
Taylor Jr.. Mrs. MauS, Mrs. Edle, Miss Georgia
Hopkine, Mrs. Frances Hopkins and Miss Caro
Crockett. ;;",..
Luncheon was served at 1:30 o'clock.
Those asked to meet Miss Scott were:
That was all. These who know Gordon
know that it referred to him, but that
ended the matter in St. Petersburg. It is
only within a few weeks that it has be
come known that he is confined arbi
trarily in a fortress on the Neva. The
American Embassador has been asked to
interest himself in the affair by a brother
and two sisters of Gordon, who are In this
city, but without result to the present
time. . ¦
"You are under arrest."
NEW YORK, June L— The Press this
mcrning publishes a statement that L.
James Gordon, sales and contracting
agent in Russia of the Baldwin Locomo
tive Works, disappeared in St. Peters
burg last January and that his disap
pearance was caused by his arrest by the
Russian authorities on charges unknown
to the public The Press says:
"Baldwin received a contract for loco
motives, some of them now in use arid
others in course of construction for the
Tiaiis-Siberlan Railway. This contract
was for $2,500,000 and was signed shortly
before the disappearance of Gordon.
Whether that happened subsequent to the
p^ruinp of the contract or was the cause
cf the disappearance is not known."
Gordon's arrest is described as follows:
One night in January last Gordon was
seated in the library of his home dfctat
jnp some correspondence to his secretary,
Hfdg-es, an Englishman, when the police
officially entered. They touched him on.
the shoulder and simply said;
"You are under arrest."
Gordon matie no resistance: He 1 asked
to be allowed to finish his letter, but thc
re^uest was refused. gome letters al
ready written but unsigned were on the
table. He asked to be permitted to sign
thrm. This was refused. He was told to
put on his furs at once and enter the
sleigh ¦waiting' at the door. On the day
ftxx-eedlng' the arrest a St. Petersburg?
paper contained the following notice:
"Mr. G- — n, a well known business man,
xv*s arrested yesterday."
Tho exercises of tha graduating class of
the -Lick School of Industrial Art* was
held at the school building yesterday.
There was also an exhibition of the work
of the pupils, and a . similar exhibi
tion of the work of the pupils of the Wil
merding School, which Is affiliated with
the Lick School..
In the morning there was a short pro
gramme In which there was an address
by H. B. Vrooman, the representative of
the Oxford movement here. He congrat
ulated the graduates 'upon the fact that
the course of study which they had gone
through had fitted them for creative work
and had made ' them . competent to make
their way. through the world with their
hands as well as , with their intellects.
There were also piano solos by Marguer
ite Schleef and Clarence P. Bradford, and
an invocation by Rev. E. F. Dinsmore.
Frank J. Symmea, acting president of the
board of directors of the school, presided.
The exhibition of the work of the pupils
caused a great , deal of favorable com
ment. In the LJck School the course of
study has been confined to the iron
trades; In the Wilmerding School it has
been confined to the building 1 trades, and
in each the exhibition of - work showed
remarkable proficiency. ~ ,
This plan of cooperation has been ent
ered into within the last year. It was
found that it would be better for the
pupils and would more' fully, carry, out
the designs of the founders of each insti
tution if they each took up a certain
branch of industrial work.. It was this
Idea which dictated the policy of estab
lishing the iron trades In the Lick and
the building trades in the " Wilmerding.
The qualifications for admission into
the Wilmerding' have been slightly
changed. It was Wilmerding's wish that
there should be plenty of work and not
much study, so the half year of prelimin
ary study will be abolished and with, the
beginning of the new term students will
be put at work at once. A further quali
fication is that the applicant must have
completed the grammar course in the pub
lic -schools.
There were no graduates from, the WH
merding School. Those from the Lick
School were:
Course of pattern-making 1 — Abraham Ingersoll
Barnwell. Hydesville; Jesse Chester Martin.
Los Angeles. ¦ -
Machine shop course — Louis Cecil Austin.
Santa Rosa; Robert Fulton Beebe, Grldley:
Chester Garfleld Chlpchase, Oakland; Edward
Peter Fagan, Gridley; Clalr A. Hunter and
Leslie It. Hunter. - Manchester;' Lester Archi
bald Johnson. - Occidental ; Jesse Chester Mar
tin. Los Angeles: Charles John CDonnell,
Henry John Prlen and Herman Bernie Ster
ling, San' Francisco; Hiram Francis Surryhne,
Trenton; Arthur K. S. Thelln. Oakland.
Course of machine drawing— Charles Oliver
Barieau, Selma: Oliver Worth Jonea. Men
dota; Samuel Price Russell. Madison; Percy
Alton Williams. St. Helena.
Course of architectural drawing— Oliver Je
rome Mlllard and William James Moore, San
Francisco.
Course ot dressmaking — Martha Maud Flack,
Rachel Nina Flood. Ellse Jacobs. Margaret
Thompson and Isabel Van Winkle, San Fran-;
Cisco.
Course of Industrial chemistry— Archibald
Hamilton Campbell. Oakland; Charles Alva
Gamble, San .
Collegiate preparatory course — Clarence Ed
ward Bradford and Arthur Roy Helse, Ala
meda; -William Payton -Day - (with- honors).
Herbert Louis Frank, William Frederick Heit
muller, William Lambert Potts (with honors).*
•Alma Frederlke Van . Iderstine and Harry
Summers Young." San. Francisco: Harmon. Ed-'
wards. Oakland; Jesse Chester Martin. Los
Angeles; Norman Winfleld Reed,' Santa Bar
bara; Symon Wllllard Sperry. Sausalito.
Preliminary course— Hattie Abramson, Alice
. Klizabeth Crowe. Benjamin Garrett Dletterle.
George Mowbray Drummand, • Florence Helen
du Bois . Emma Clara Lang. Lurlien Lyons.
Marguerite Dora Schleef. Adelaide Carlotte
' Stoeber and Harriet Lucy Wright. San Fran
cisco; Gertrude Frances Campbell. Oakland;
Leonora Domenica Dolclnl and Mabel Beatrice
Dolcini Guadalupe; Harry Franklin Morhead.
Lompoc: Abel Willard P»(ter. Alameda: Edith
Adele Woodsum. Berkeley.
In the evening the graduating class gave
an enjoyable dance in Golden Gate Hall.
- The -following announcements have been
made by George A. . Merrill/ director of
the two schools:"
George B. Miller, head of Ae department of
mathematics, has been elected vice principal,
to besin,»-ith the new year.
tV. J. Drew has been appointed as head ot
the department of mechanical drawing.
Beginning -with the next school year a course
of ship drawing will be added to the present
apprentice course of machine drawing..
After the present year the apprentice course
of architectural drawing will be discontinued..
Any of the present second-year students of th«
Lick School who mean to elect that course win
be transferred to the Wilmerding School.
The course preparatory for college will be ex
tended to four years. This course has always
been a difficult one to finish In three years, and
now that the -University of California has
added new requirements for admission to the
engineering courses, it becomes necessary to in
crease the time to four' years. ... .,'.
Graduating Exercises of
the Lick School of
Exhibition of "Work of the Pu
pils From That and the : v
Wilmerding.
FROM CLASSROOM
INTO THE WORLD
l_ James, alias "Brick" Lynch, alias Mc-
Closkey is locked up in the tanks of the
City Prison on suspicion of having com
mitted several burglaries in the Western
Addition. He was arrested yesterday by
Detectives Dinan, Wren and Harper in a
room on Dupont -street.
•'" Lynch, according to the police, is one
of the most desperate burglars that ever
operated in this cltyr During the big
parade in honor of President McKinley
Lynch and his pal, -who Is supposed to be
an Eastern crook,' broke Into the resi
dence of a man named Jones at McAl
lister and Octavla streets and stole two
very valuable diamond rings, a pair of
costly gold bracelets and several other
articles of Jewelry. An entrance was ef
fected by prying open the. rear door with
a "jimmy." On the same afternoon Lynch
and his companion ransacked two other
houses in- the immediate vicinity, . secur
ing considerable plunder." Part of the
stolen property was sold to, a woman
who is well known in the tenderloin dis
trict. She has positively identified Lynch
as the man from whom she bought the
jewelry. *
- Lynch',s companion is still at large, but
tho police are hopeful of arresting him
within the next few days.. •
Desperate Ex-Convict Is
Captured by the
Police.
BOLD BURGLAR
IN THE TANKS
LOS ANGELES, May 31.— Viola Murphy,
a 10-year-old girl attending the,Boyd T
street public school, was kidnaped from
that institution at 1:40 o;clock this after-;
noon by her mother, who was escorted by
a man whose identity has not been re
vealed. Up to a late hour to-night the
child had not been recovered.: . V '"¦¦'¦
Viola is the daughter of William H.
Murphy, - who | resides " at . the corner • of
Fourth and San Pedro streets. The mother
is Elizabeth Murphy, who deserted her
husband and child more than six years
ago, and, according to the police, went to
Arizona, where she lived a rough life . in
mining camps.
Murphy devoted himself to his' little
daughter, who for six years was appar
ently forgotten by her. mother. Mrs. Mur
phy.made her appearance in this city to
day in an unexpected manner. She pre
sented herself at the school in the after
noon and told the teachers that she was
Viola's mother and desired to speak to the
child. ' ; . . ,
Mrs. Murphy was accompanied by a
big man. As soon as the little girl was
left with her mother the latter and her
escort seized her and conveyed her to a
hack in waiting. The driver was ordered
to drive to the Arcade depot and to whip
up hia horses. . . • ¦' ...
Tho teachers, who had become aware
of the kidnaping, followed the. hack to the
depot and called the attention of some of
the railroad employes to the proceeding.
Before they- could act Mrs. Murphy and
tho man became frightened, put the child
into the hack again and were driven in
the direction of Nauds Station. There all
trace. of them is lost. The DistrictjAt
torney was communicated with and drew
up a complaint against the woman and
the unknown man, accusing them of child
stealing. A warrant for their arrest was
issued.
Telegrams were sent in all directions to
Sheriffs and Chiefs- of Police to stop the
trio wherever found. All local trains were
vainly searched by the police: there was
no trace of the kidnaped and kidnapers...
At 9 o'clock to-night the hackman was
located. He had just returned from a
trip to Sierra Madre, whither he had taken
Mre. Murphy, her daughter and the-un
known man. As soon as this information
was received Detectives Benedict and
Ritch were sent out to that place by Chief
of Police Elton. It is not likely that the
abductors will get out of the State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/Escape.
Elizabeth Murphy Steals
, Her Daughter in/
Los Angeles.
Male Companion Aids Her
;. and the Two Make Their
ABDUCTS CHILD
FROM A SCHOOL
Traveling Agent Incurs
Wrath of the Rus
sians.
CAST AMERICAN
INTO FORTRESS
SEATTLE, June L— Within a stone's
throw of the police station George Mulli
gan, a wealthy mining man, was held up
this morning and robbed of $17,000 in cash.
Not satisfied with getting Mulligan's
money, the footpads gave him a brutal
beating, thereby preventing his raising an
on 'cry. ¦
The police were notified immediately
after the robbery took place, but they
have used every effort in their power to
suppress the details, and it was only after
persistent effort that Mulligan, the vic
tim, was located in the Alaska Hotel this
morning.
His head showed where he had been
beaten and his shirt and vest showed
where the highwaymen had used a razor
to get at the money, which was concealed
under his shirt.
Mulligan was on the way to his hotel,
walking along Main street, when the at
tack was made. He felt himself clutched
by an iron hand from the darkness of an
alley. In an Instant two men had dragged
him into the allev and a moment later one
of them struck him a terrific blow on the
head with a club. While he was in a
dazed condition his vest was ripped open
and the money was cut from his shirt. He
recovered consciousness in time to make
a strilg-gle. but another clubbing settled
him for the time being and the robbers
escaped.
Special IMfpatch to The Call.
Hold Up Rich Mining Man
and Relieve Him of His
Money.
Seattle Footpads Make
Seventeen-Thousand
Dollar HauL
ROB AND BEAT
THEIR VICTIM
.."I 'respectfully return your ' resignation
that you may have time for serious con
sideration of the effects upon the people of
the State of this action. The commission
which you hold is the highest compliment
and testimonial which the people of this
State can pay to one of its citizens. - It
Is possible that you have taken this step
hastily In the heat of debate and without
due reflection of the consequences to the
people who have so honored you." -. .
"It ¦was only last year that our people
had the excitement and turmoil incident
to a. campaign, "and in another year we
will be -In the midst of further political
strife.? The people are entitled to one year
of peace and freedom, from political battles
arid bitterness. The indications are that
a campaign such as would t>e precipitated
by vacancies in these two exalted posi
tions would be a very acrimonious one.
and personal rather than a discussion of
issues." From such a canvass our people
should be spared. In fact, it would be a
calamity to the State to be torn asunder
by a heated canvass in this 'off year' In
.politics. There can be no possible good to
come- of it. The people of the State are
•getting together and working for the ad
vancement and upbuilding of the material
prosperity of the commonwealth, and S I
should regret anything that would retard
this progress. . ; -. '";
•¦••'"It is not my purpose in thus writing to
prevent the fullest and freest discussion
of all public questions and the education
of the people along all political lines. On
the contrary. I heartily 'favor'. that and
believe it can be best accomplished with
out the bitterness and the personalities
which would be inseparable from a cam
paign during the coming summer. Under
our party rules a campaign will be neces
sary within little - more . than . a year, and
ample ' time can be had for a. full dis
cussion of the issues now before the peo
ple. Holding these views and looking to
the Interests of the people of this State —
their peace, prosperity and happiness — 1
respectfully decline to accept -your resig
nations, and beg to return them here
with."
COLUMBIA. S. f C, May 81.'— Governor
McSweeney has rejected the resignations
of,'. Senators Tillman and McLaurln.Vto
give 'them time to reconsider their action.
In returning the resignations of the Sen
ators the. Governor in part writes: J
nations.
South Carolina Governor
j Rejects the Resig- ¦
ASKS SENATORS
TO RECONSIDER
The dogs which Hastings and Corbusier
took with them to Nome from. St.. Michael
are part of those he obtained on his trip.
They are quite ¦ wild and never saw a
horse until they reached Nome. The dogs
attempt to attack every horse they see,
believing it some wild animal. ;
J. B. Hastings, manager of the Alaska
Commercial Company in St. Michael, and
C. R. Corbusier arrived in Nomtf the mid
dle of March, six days from St. Michael.
Corbusier's first trip was to the Tanana
station. Leaving St. Michael on November
8, he was twenty-one days in reaching his
destination and only ten. days in return
ing. While there he heard of a big strike,
through a letter he received from Charles
Grimm, on Myrtle and Slate creeks, in the
Koyukuk district. Grimm wrote ' that
they had struck gold at last on these
creeks; $100 to the shovel being the aver
age pay, and that wages were ?15 a day.
Corbusier's next trip was to the Kus
kokwim- to procure fresh dogs for the
company. He left St. Michael on Janu
ary 4, traveling over the divide from Rus
sian Mission to Bethel. Then he made a
wide circle to the. south .of the Kuskok
wim'- over the tundra to the foothills,
striking -the Kuskokwim ¦- again at its
mouth, and from there back to St. Mi
chael on February 20 with twenty-five
dogs, which he procured for almost noth
ing, the finest dogs being worth about $15
each.'. - . • ¦ •-— .
In the twenty-three' Indian •villages
which '¦' Corbusier visited in the Kuskok
wim district he found only one stove, and
he says that Indians live in their igloos
all winter without any fire, keeping warm
with reindeer skins and living on raw
blackfish and salmon. There is no wood
for miles on the tundra until the moun
tains are reached and Corbusier went for
days: without a fire, living, like the In
diana, on raw fish* Even at the village
he was , not able to procure even a cup
of tea, , ' - • ¦. '..
SEATTLE, .May 31.— In a . desolate and
almost unknown section of Alaska, south
of the Kuskokwim, there lives a tribe of
Indians whose sole sustenance "during the
long winter months I Is frozen and raw
fish. They drag out their miserable ex
istence In miserable shacks or Igloos and
never. know the meaning of a fire to warm
the marrow in their bones.
Snecial Dispatch to The Call.
Lives in. Miserable N Shacks
With Frozen Fish as .-,
Its Food. , ; riS8^~
Alaska.
: * * .: •
Fire Unknown to a Race
Found in Wilds of
NATIVES SUBSIST
ON RAW FLESH
MINNEAPOLIS. May 31.— The session
this morning of the Woman Suffrage As
sociation was largely devoted to reports
of officers and committees. Harriet Tay
lor Upton of Ohio, the treasurer, reported
receipts for the year of $22,522, which was
$869 more- than the disbursements.
Sarah Clay Bennett of Kentucky, chair
man of the Federal suffrage committee,
In her report on the petitions addressed
to Congress, argued that the Supreme
Court had indirectly decided in its ruling
en the fourteenth amendment to the con
stitution that that, amendment had an
nulled the word "male" in the constitu
tions and laws of the States that confined
the right of suffrage to men.
Elnora ilunroe Babcock of the press
committee reported that press work had
been organized In twenty-four States.
Interest centered in Susan B. Anthony's
report of her labors as chairman of the
Congressional work committee. She said
the thirty-second annual petition to Con-;
gress for an amendment to the constltu/
tion had been : presented, supported by
figures from every State, and In addition
a petition had been presented asking that
the word "male" be stricken out of suf
frage legislation for Porto Rico and Ha
waii.
The delegates tl.'s evening enjoyed a re-,
ception at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
W. D. Gregory. /
Susan ¦ B. Anthony and
Her Colleagues Sub
mit Report.
WANT SUFFRAGE
IN THE ISLANDS
There will be a new line of steamers to
connect Apia with San Francisco. Mr.
Kunst, who bought the land in German
Samoa known as the American lands, has
now bought two steamers from, the Union
Steamship Company of New Zealand.
The first, called the Rangoroona, is daily
expected at Apia and thence she will pro
ceed to Honolulu and San Francisco. Since
the Oceanic Company stopped calling at
Apia settlers and traders have been de
spondent, but now, in'Mr.Kunst's venture,
their hopes are being revived, and they
make no secret of their endeavor to
cripple the trade of Pago Pago, which
place is the great envy of the residents
of German-Samoa,
The balance of the lands held by Eell
man, Neylan & Hobbs of San Francisco
in trust for the Polynesian Land Com
pany has been sold to G. Kunst, who sev
eral years ago bought Vailima, the home
of the late Robert Louis Stevenson. This
transfer places the largest American in
terest in real estate in the Islands under
German control. It is the intention of
the new proprietor to send to Germany
for settlers to work the newly acquired
lands.
The German court of Apia convicted two
of the accused Samoans of the murder of
a Chinese last year. The principal. Pupu.
was sentenced to be hanged, and his ac
complice to serve fifteen years of hard
labor. Pupu suffered the penalty last
week. The night before his conviction he
endeavored to commit suicide.
SAMOA, May 8.— Malletoa Is still in Fiji
and the Samoans want him to come back.
It is stated that he will not return until
Great Britain. Germany and .the United
States have carried out the promises
given to Malietca when he was In
ducted to abdicate the throne in order to
give the High Commission a clean field
to work upon. He was to receive an an
nuity and an education. T^ie promise does
not appear to be expressed in writing and
the High Commissioners may deny the
promise. Malietoa is positive that when
a document was handed to him by a per
son representing the commission and
which he was then induced to sign, he
was promised the powers would assist
him ii; his desire for a higherVeducation
and would make provision for his future.
Malietoa has written to the three powers
but so far has not received any satisfac
tory reply. Dr. Solp, the German Gover
nor, states that he has reserved a high
position in the Government for Malietoa,"
¦ In Tutuila on April 17 the American Sa
moans held a great celebration. It was
the anniversary of the hoisting of the^
United States flag in Tutuila and the
Samoans came from all parts to take part
in the functions arranged for the celebra
tion. Governor B. F- Tilley has paid a
visit to the outlying islands of Manua
and had a most loyal welcome from King
Tuimanua and his chiefs.
of Some Promises.
Samoan Chief Still Awaits Fulfillment
IGNORING OP MALIETOA.
The only question remaining- to be dis
posed of In connection with Samoa is that
of claims arising out of the military oper
ations that occurred on the island of
Upolu. These claims have been submitted
to the King of Norway and Sweden for
arbitration.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N. W.,
WASHINGTON, May 31.— One of the final
steps toward closing. up the Samoan ques
tion, was taken by Secretary Hay to-day
when he requested the Navy Department
to sell at public auction the 5000 stands of
arms surrendered to' the high Joint Sa
moan Commission by adherents of the Sa
moan chiefs Malietoa and Mataafa and
brought to the United States in the auxili
ary cruiser Badger.
These arms have been stored at Mare
Island and have been a source of some
negotiations by the three interested pow
ers — Great Britain, Germany and the
United States.. Great Britain and Ger
many finally decided that it would be wise
to dispose of the arms and they, requested
this Government to sell them. The pro
ceeds of the sale will be turaed\)ver to
the State Department, which will consult
with the other powers regarding the dis
bursement of the money to the natives
who delivered the arms to the commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Proceeds to Be Divided
Among Adherents of Ma
lietoa and Mataafa.
Secretary Hay Requests
.Auction of tlie Guns
Surrendered.
SAMOAN ARMS
WILL BE SOLD
THE SAN JFRAISTCISCQ CALTjv : SATURDAY; JUISj E 1; 190lV
Miss Edith'McBean Asks Swell Maids arid Fashionable Matrons
to Meet : Miss Mary Scott at University Club and -Forty
Ladies Gather . Round Tables^ 'Aglow. With- Blossoms
BIG LUNCHEON IN HONOR
OF FAIR YOUNG FIANCEE
MISS MART SCOTT, the charm
ing fiancee of "Walter Martin,
was the guest of honor yester- .
day afternoon at a "delightful
luncheon given at th© Univer
sity Club by Miss Edith McBean. ,
Miss Scott has had many entertain
ments given In her honor since her en
gagement to Mr. Martin -was announced. !
All of these many affairs, however, have
heretofore taken place at Burlingame.
Miss McBean's luncheon of yesterday was
the first large affair In .town at which .
Miss Scott has been honored.
11
titooooooooo<>oo<>oo<>ooo<K>oo<><HX>oooo<>o<>oo<><>o<>ooo<>oei
• ¦¦'.- ¦:•¦¦¦¦ ¦¦':¦ ' '-•-¦ ¦ : "¦'"-••¦ -.7 ¦.-: -. ¦¦¦•. '¦¦ \~- • "( ¦ '- v . - '¦ '
g The Best Natural Aperient Water.
\ It Is A Wonderful Remedy For Those Suffering; With
1 Gbnstipatibn^iand Hernorrhbids;
" V : Over 1,000 Physicians (many of the most famous in the •world) Testify To. This.
• o ¦• It acts -without eivinK rise to intestinal irritation, and acts speedy, sure arid gentle.
¦% Average M)ose: \i tumblerful- one half hour before • breakfast ."will cause, a copious
6 /' '¦'. :, evacuation, without bringing any discomfort to tho patient. .
9 BEWAREofScbltltntei and ALWATSASK for the PVLL NAME .
S BLUE LABEL and RED CENTRE PANEL on BOTTLE.THJ5 SAN 3fkA»CI5CC> - CALL, SATUKDAY^rJUNE 1, 1901.
12
. CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warta. chll-
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. -
G^O^G^TwT^SLLY'FAge^cy— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St. •
COTTAGES TO ' LET. -
SUNNY 4 rooms; yard; 7 Rincon ave.." off Sec-
ond st Key 623 Second st. ; small . family
only; $10. ¦• ¦.-. • ' ¦; - -.- ' - '¦ -.-
-' • .: DENTISTS.""' 7 " - "'-.,
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar- '
ket et.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly ; - teeth
without , plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years',
experience; no students; -advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed : ¦ lady attendants.'
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. '¦
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings.
EOc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will nil. teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk st., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling; no hammering as
before; absolutely no pain: Investigate; exam-
inations free. Ideal Dental Co. ,6 Eddy,r.44&32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush^-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3;, fillings, 25c,
DR R, L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
EOc. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st;. • cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st . corner Sixth. ¦ .
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. \
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
. Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALP'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
8. F. — Bookkeeping, i«h6rthand. typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. ; life scholarship, $50; individual
instruction: positions secured: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates; 305 Larkin st.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of vio-
lin., mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St.,
near Sixth. ... ¦ . . ' '. :
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
: associated with theatrical .agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.,mining,niech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
•A FULL coarse of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs onty $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. ;
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates : bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand aTid
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bids-., Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
SHORTHAND taught by mail and personally.
MISS^M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
Munson. School Ehorthand.Typlng.BookkeeplKg,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery, E. M. Carpenter, p*\
SENORITA ROSARIO AGACIO. native teach-
er of Spanish. 2303 Bush st. ,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECT R^^THERAPUTIC •
Electrlc-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Meson.
E3IPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.; best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; .tel.. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central house'cleaning and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-i
flee; all kinds help. 215 Stockton; Maltt 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment' office —
Best help. 4im O'Farrell Bt.: tel. East 426.
EJ1PLOVME\T WASTED— FEMALE.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife wish' positions
in the country; man thoroughly understands
farming and poultry; wife good cook' and
housekeeper. Box 3238,' Call, office. . ' V
SITUATION wanted by a young girl for gen-
eral housework or second work; wages $20.
Please call .after 12 at 3120 California st. - -
HOUSEKEEPER— Lady wishes position or care
of invalid; position must be honorable; good
wages; best references. Box 3297, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a refined young woman
I for upstairs work; no waiting; references.
Box '3342, Call office. - :
GERMAN woman wants work sewing and
mending in family or hotel. Apply at 216A
'. Hickory ave. . ' ¦ -
ALL are notified to redeem their, articles im-
1 mediately, as-. I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. ,
A GIRL wishes a position as second girl; $.25
per month. ,1422 Mission st.
YOUNG German girl 16 years old wishes situa-
tion for housework; no washing. Inquire 376
Fifth st. •. , . . • .. .. .; ;
NEAT Swedish woman; is a first-class cook;
first-class references; wages 1 $35 ; to $40.
1812 Polk st. . . .-,- -.71 .,-'¦- •
BY refined English lady, just srriVed, as com-
panion, needle woman, pianist, J singer and
reader. 1823 Devisadero st. ¦ &'.'
WINCHESTER House, 44 Thlrd,st., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
\ and baggage to and from ferry. .¦ . •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. : : : •.'.•.
EMPLOY31EXT TVAMED— MALE. ~
."WANTED— A position as cutter . and general
tailor, city or country; young man, steady and
Industrious;' best of references. ' Address- G.
¦ C. WINTERBERG, 161S% Turk Bt. •
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave. j.
GROCERY manager— I am successfully manag-
ing a grocery house, doing a business of two
hundred and fifty thousand ($250,000) yearly;-
would make a change: best reasons and ref-,
erences; can handle both wholesale and retail
trade. Address box 3287. Call office.- . ¦-
AN elderly, sober man, understands, poultry,
• fruit-drying, handy at most, anything,
good carpenter, . would 'work for reasonably
i low wages, city or country.- • Address Box
S313, Call. ¦ . ¦ ; ¦ ¦, ; ¦ . .
WANTED-7-Sltuatlon as coachman in private
; family; < good, references; thoroughly, under-
¦ stands his business. Address D. :P., 116 Ful-
; ton st., city. . \. - - * ;?
' A STEADY, reliable man wants a position as
- marker and distributor in a country laundry;
', will make himself generally useful. -Address
' Box 3293. Call office. ' •¦ " . .:
¦ SITUATION wanted by a Scandinavian . man
, . 26 ¦ years old as . nightwatchtaan, porter or
janitor;, handy with tools ;.¦ ref erences. ' Box
i : 3310, Call office. • . '.-_ . •¦ -. '., J -. „
WANTED— Situation as night watchman, or any
! • kind of work by man aged 35; handy with any
; kind of tools and willing to work;: references:
Box 3279. Call office. :¦: : f v -.,. . -^ -
\ STEADY, reliable man wants position as
night watchman ; good references.' Address'
'¦ ' H., Box 3312, Call.' :.v t '-;*'¦,
•SAWMILL men:, a good; blacksmith •„ or engi-
neer, , also millwright, wants : refer-
ence. -Address E.F/V., Berkeley,. Postofflce/
¦ EXPERIENCED _ man desires ' ..position V a*
nurse and companion to gentleman. H. ,AN-
¦ PERSON/, 12S4^ Lombard j st. :*;¦:, .:.,-v ..-.
- I WISH position . where I can get study time;'
. would likei small family.* Charry,' 1125 Sutter.
- EXPERIENCED engineer wishes situation: go
¦ .anywhere; references. -.Box 3271,' Call office.-;;*
I advertisements and subscriptions
-received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore. ¦¦•
: HRT.P WA\TWin--WAI.E--Coii.
A— MURRAY & READY... ...Phone Main 584S - 1
, . Leading Employment ¦ and Labor Agents,
•-.,.-¦ • ¦ ,Want7 a. m. to-day
Ukiah.: ....We Ship To-day........... Free
75 teamsters, Ukiah, C.: N.- W.- R. R. Co.
V 50 laborers "....:........::...... wages $2 day
.Freefare....... ..;........... •.:.... Office fee $1
: ¦•¦¦•: S. P. R. R. CO.'S ¦WORK. ¦ .:
125 . laborers,- • company* 3 s own work " on the
g Santa Barbara and Los Angeles divisions ' to .
work in section, steel, ballast, rock and ether -
gangs. *:¦¦'¦-,.¦._¦,.--, ¦ , v.i ' - - ¦ ¦
, REE FARE.....'. .„..:..... ..FEE $1
We ship to-night.': ..." .to-night '¦
' ' FOR A NEW SAWMILL CO.
. 25. laborers for work around mills, yards and r
woods, no • experience required, steady Job -
year round, wages '< $35 to .$63 and '¦ found; •
edgrer man, 1 $45 and found; screw turner, S45; ,
tree fellers, $40 and found; crosscut sawyers, ¦
$35 and found; 5 crosscut sawyers, $35 and
found, 1 free fare. ¦ ¦ '1'i'i' "
CARPENTERS-..;..- .....BLACKSMITHS
3 more -carpenters, sawmill. ...$60. and fjumi
r 5 carpenters, : to go to-day.. $2 day and found
blacksmith, country shop.... .....$3 50 day ,
1 ranch : blacksmith,' see -boss, here...
......:.. ....... .....;;.....;;$40 to $50 and found
blacksmith, vineyard company.. $52 and found
4 blacksmith helpers and 6 other blacksmiths
'LABORERS ..'................... TEAMSTERS
10 laborers, San»Mateo Co ...:....;..... ?32
10 laborers,' quarry .$2 day
5 laborers, city work .'.$27 50, 'board and room '
. ,15 laborers, different-mines.. ..$30 to $40 & fd
6 ,4-horse teamsters, fare 50c... $35 and found |
- 3 teamsters, Alameda Co... V.....$2 day
- 2 laborers for a bargs... ...... $32 50 and found
FRUIT PICKERS...... FARMS... ...DAIRIE3 .
5 fruit pickers, all summer's job. ..$30 and fd
. 67. haymakers, run mowers, etc...............
...;.... ;...... $1 25 to ?1 75 day, ,
76 fanners, orchard, vineyard and ranchea
- ..............................$26 to $33 and found
12 milkers, city and. country dairies
$30 and $35 and found 1
IS choremen and boys ..$25. $20 and $13
3 4 stablemen, city and country; sheep herder;
cheese maker, $35; man for nursery, see boss
here. ' -¦' ¦¦ ¦¦,¦',
'¦¦ - - \ MISCELLANEOUS.- '
> 6 men, warehouse work.. ............ ..$2 50 day
10 men to handle grain free fare
2 young: men to drive butcher . wagons;
slaughter house butcher, ranch; butcher,
; country shop ; block butcher, - city, $30 and
found; ham boner, packing house, .$2 50 day;
youngr man drive milk wagon, $35. -
camp cook, near city ...........$40 to $45
baker's helper......... ......$6 week
ranch cook, good- place................ $25
¦ 3 camp cooks; 17 hotel and restaurant cooks;
• 25 kitchen hands, ' ' dishwashers, vegetable
men, etc. ; 6 bakers; laundry help.
MURRAY & READY....... ....634-636 Clav.st.
MR. SPERLING, cheese maker— Please report.
MURRAY & READY..... ...¦¦.634t636 Clay st.
GARDENER, $40 i and found ; assistant gard-
ener, $20 and found; 8 choremen, $20, $25 and
$30; 5 Portuguese milkers, $35; cheese maker,
$40; farmer and wife, $45; incubator man.
$30 and found; man to care for chickens, $J5
and. found; 3 stablemen. $30 ' and $35 ir.ii
found: farmers, teamsters and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento Bt.
S MINERS arid muckers, $2 50 day; 2 wheel-
$45 and found; 3 carpenters for
country, $3 50 day, | fare advanced ; 4 car-
ponters, . near city, . $3 50 day; 2 jobbing
. blacksmiths, $2 50 day and board; 2 black-
smiths and helpers, $1 25 and board and $2 50
; day; 3 screw turners, $50 ' and board; -3
.edgermen, $2 day and board; 6 lumber pliers.
$35 and board; a full crew of woodsmen, $3C
to $50 . per month and ' board and . others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
2 COOKS and wives, $50 and $60; 2 hotel cooks,
" $40 and $50; bakers, porters and others. 'J.
F-. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento " St. ". .
A NEAT youngf boy, who ' lives with his par-
ents, for store; $5 week; 2 porters, $20. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st. , : ¦
MAN and wife for private place. $40; see party
8 e. m. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Second and third cooks, springs, $40 and $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
-.Free employment. 927 Market st.. room 207#
I. LESS,' Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176. »
WANTED — Three or four chair oak wood
modern barber's outfit or part thereof; must
• be. in first-class condition. Address "Bar-
ber," box: 3338. Call office. "
WE can give steady employment to 100 first-
class book canvassers. WESTERN BOOK
COMPANY, Fresno, Cal. . .
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tional. 304 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
BOOTBLACK to run stand; four chairs;
rent free ; good chance for good man. 3095
. Sixteenth st., near Valencia. ¦
BOYS wanted, 16 to 18 years old; light work.
Apply to WEST COAST FURNITURE COM-
PANY, 432 Fourth st. ; . ;
YOUNG man wanted on small ranch; $15 per
month and good home. Inquire Twenty-siith
:and Hampshire sts. ,
FOREMAN bread makers, second and third
hand bread makers, confectioners; good pay;
permanent positions. 127 Mason st.-.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. :
BOYS' ' clothing salesman. Apply at S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st. •
WANTED — Assistant ¦ foreman on coats. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
WANTED— Good bushelman. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 718 Market st. \
WANTED— Salesman, furnishing department.
-Apply. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
BARBER wanted for Sunday. 581 Geary st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday, '
. 223 Montgomery ave. - •
GOOD barber Saturday, Sunday, Monday. 307
McAllister st. ¦ .- .. .
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday; steady.
629 Union St., near Powell. -¦. •
EXPERIENCED barber wanted. Apply Seven-
- teenth and Sanchez sts. at once.
BOOTBLACK wanted for ' Saturday and . Sun-
day; good guarantee. 1048 McAllister st.
. PAINTER wanted ; first-class stage hand.
Corner Twenty-third' and Alabama sts.
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 537 Brannan.
W r ANTED— Lunch waiter. 17 Washington st.
WANTED— Cook In restaurant and boarding
house. 2231 Powell st.
STRONG boy to help in bakery. 3116 Six-
teenth ; St.. near Valencia. .
SCHOOLBOY to carry evening papers. Call
at 315 Grant ave..- between 1 and 2 p. m. .
ALL sizes men's shoes. ¦ slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission «t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY wanted. 1 and 3 Union Square Market.
COMPETENT, man to repair Wheeler & Wll-
•son sewing machines. : 410% ; Mission st.
BARBERS— Snap; 2 chairs; $40 week; other
¦¦! business ; sell at once. Room A, 935 Market.
BARBERS — Come and see . this bargain; 2-
| chair, - 15c : shop, . I laundry office and cigar
. ' stand for $125 ; make • offer. 1405 Devisadero. *
WANTED— Men to . learn "", barber trade: $60
': monthly paid ¦ our graduates; two months
"completes;- more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools ¦ presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call » or write for our special . offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— 50 j first-class white barbers, must
,. be good men, for the best shops; $14 guarantee
and steady work. "Address or call at once or
> telegraph JUBITZ & SAILING, barber shop,
Portland Hotel. ¦ Portland, Or. ¦ . ¦
WANTED— Laborers j and S mechanics to know
. that : Ed • Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver ; House, . 217 Third st. ; . 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. ., —
PENSION : AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
'.-Past Commander Geo. H." Thomas Post No. J,
G. ¦ A, R.y room 40, Phelari bldg.. 806 Market.
1192A , HARRISON . st. , cor. of Eighth : barber
Saturday noon to Sunday noon; wages.
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. ' *:
WANTED— A " cook : for Manhattan Hotel, cor-
¦• ner Battery . and. Vallejo ¦ sts. ¦¦¦¦¦. ~
WANTED— Experienced salesman in domestics.
Apply Friday '. and Saturday forenoon, be-
tween 8 and 11. ;HALE BROS.
WANTED — Stock boy ; from 16 ! to ¦ 19 years of
: age. \ : Apply ¦: F*riday and Saturday forenoon,
¦ between 8 and 11. HALE BROS.-
EXPERIENCED . retail Jewelry salesman ; per-
.manent: state, ref erences and salary expected:
, 1 for city, store,' open ; evenings. Box 3305, ; Call.
WANTED— Boy about 16 to learn dentistry. 133
.v; Powell st.;^ -1 -'•;«:.• .-'.r.- .'¦'*¦• ¦¦':", y: .' '¦-.-¦'?¦ ¦:'¦-¦.
BARBERS — Two good - shops ; compelled to eell
-•, cheap : for cash.' Box : 4178. Call office.
MAN - to sol Icit : printing and advertising. : Ap-
:; ply 519 Filbert st. , ; -¦•; ..-..'. *-•;¦¦•.•¦ ~S'
PARTIES clerical positions , will : do
'2 well ;. to i call > or. address = 1008^4 ¦ Market.: rm._ 4.
McDONALD & PERRY have ' 500 pairs ' second-
'> hand shoes for, sale.- 50c up. ? 241 Third st.l v •
GET your ; shoes \ half-soled I while watting; 25c
a -• to 1 50c. a 562 1 Mission St.; bet. ¦ 1st and ¦ 2d , sts.
. WANTED4-500 1 men .to buy.i new j and j 2nd-hand
soling 20c 'up. ,923 Howard.
MEN.: toilearn barber t trade; icatalomie • mailed
u.t ¦ yee. -.;. S. ; F."? Barber j School/ 741 A; Howard ; st.
AT; cash j prices ' for $1 j per week,' : men's ' suits j to
* ¦ order ;' l > N , E , UHAUS r& .'CP-I lia Kearny; st. ¦
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
wntil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
comer Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
.63 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
fl5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until S p. . m-
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 P. m-
P1096 Valencia etreet: open until Sp.a
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
jcky streets: open until 9 p. m-
2T00 Fillmore street: open ""til 9 P- m.
..-- r ,_ T j :;TOT > Txjdee No. 166, F. and A. •
t M^lled nSSSnk THIS (SATUR-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o' c£ck; sec- «<
<mri decree Bv order of the W . M. '
ona aegr " H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodee No. 1C9, F. and A. M.— - M
Officers and members are hereby notl-
S&£ rrcrher. th WI f LUAM°TH U OM d A e i *f
TrUXDELL; from the hall of this lodge.
THIS (SATURDAY) AFTERNOON, at I:o0
ocloc*. By or^r R °f E the i W X;s y. secretary
MI«IOX Lodge Xo. 169. F. and A. M.— ¦
Called noting THIS (SATURDAY) JV^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- T^
gree. ¦ R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. ' y
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I.^O.
0 F.— The officers and the funeral V
committee of- the above encampment y"V
are hereby notified to assemble at Odd ' J>
Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
sts on SUNDAY. June 2, at 1 o'clock p. m..
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother and patriarch, HERMAN
HEMPEL. By order Ot the chief patriarch.
CHAS. QCAST. Financial Scribe.
THE members of the funeral com- \.-itJfHa^a>>
mlttee of Germanla Lodge >.o. •^JHSsSt
116. I. O. O. F.. a™ requested to
meet at Odd Fellows* Hall SLX-
DAY. June J, at 1 p. m. sharp to attend the
funeral of our late brother, H. HEMPEL.
Bv order of the> N. G. "
E. RQTGER. Financial Secretary.
EUREKA Grove Xo. 4, U. A. O. D.— The xRa
officers and the funeral committee of the 5g£
above grove are hereby notified to assem-
ble at Druids 1 Hall. 413 Sutter St.. on ELV
DAY. June 2, at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. H. E. HEMPEL. P. A. By order of
the X. A. CHAS. QUAST. Secretary.
OFFICE Stanley Aerial Navigation Company
moved to Emma Spreciels bid g. . rooms 320 and
321 J. A. BORN, Secretary-
CHAS. STANLEY, President. . :
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately as I am going out of business.
fNCLC HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. ¦
AGEXTS WANTED. ¦ V
AGENTS to solicit stock subscriptions for a
reputable local building and loan associa-
tion; large commissions. Send name and ad-
dress to box 3»6, Call office, and receive
farther information. .- ¦
" ASI'HALTEM HOOFING. ;
J. FEI/TIER. asDhalt roofint, side-walks re-
paired: pcstal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW*.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK. LITTLE, attorney at law; generallaw
practice. Room T2, 1S7 Montgomery st.. S. F.
ATJYTCE free: no charges unless successful. W.
¦\V. DAVIDSON. S27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in' advance.
- : - .-¦ / .„,;_;„_;' -;-^.
YOUR kitchen stove will yield boiling hot
water for baths by using LANE'S new gal-
vanized pipe system; ring up Main 315; con-
Fultation free.
nOARPHC FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— A child 4 or 5 years of age to
• board; best of care. 463 Hayes st. /
r OR 3 children to beard, week or month: best
¦r-ar<-:funny yard :nr.sphnol : r'>asonable.l607 Cal.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— J1S0— FANCY grocery with selected, stock
of wines and liquors; no bar; bottle trade;
close to City Hall; living rooms; good busl-
. ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26ii Kearny st.
A— S600— DELICACY, with home cooking de-
partment. doing a business of $30 per day;
rent $22; a rnoneymakiug place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26i» Kearny et. ¦-.¦-.- V. . .:. -;/.::-..
A— SSCO; RESTAURANT and coffee e aloe n on
Geary st. ; rent ?40; first-class business, clear-
ing about $1BO a month. Call R. G. WILKE.
"$~i Kearny st; ¦ ¦-• .:-• ¦ '-.. \> .'-..:. . ¦¦:. '.-¦¦ .
A— S600; PARTNER wanted in restaurant and
ceffee saloon clearing about $250 per month;
choicest location near the Presidio: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et
A— S5C0: RESTAURANT; rent $30; location
close to Kearny st,; 4 living rooms; good
business. Particulars, R. G. WILKE, 26%
K«arny st. f . . .-
A— JCOO; PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; a rare chance for rieht party, as
there is moneiin sight. Call R. G. WILKE
2€>,£ Kearry ef. ' .
A-J40O; BRANCH bakery with nicely fur-
nished room; rent $12; daily receipts $10; lo-
cation Polk et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny Et.
A RARE chance; price tlSOO; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store, clearing above fl50 per
month; rent $15; Etock will invoice price:
location can't be beat. Call R. G. WILKE.
26>4 Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON; no better located place In
this city; rent $30; place clears easily $150
PT month; no night work. See R. ': G
WILKE. 26'4 Kearny st. . ' ;
A— S2000: BOARDING and livery stable; West-
ern Addition; net rent $1S; clearing above $150
per month: large patronage; stock of bug-
pies, horses and harness first-class. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2514 Kearny st.
A— $80f»: CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living
rooms; established years; rent $20: location
cant't be beat and the business is first-class.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny gt.
A— CANDY ftore in Western Addition $350
Df-licacy store; good stock; no opposition 600
Paloon in business district 4500
Saloon near beach, $400; saloon and lodg-
ing-house 800
rhotogTaph sallery; pays well; Market st 2000
Merchandise business in good town 1200
Comer grocery and bar. from $400 up to. . 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses
dollcacy stores, in all parts of city, from $150
"P- EITEL & CO.. 1032 Market st
A A A— 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars.
SCO candy and icecream stores. 500 restaurants,
CGI Ft ores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
¦want fo liuy z business call and s"e us •¦-".;
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market St. •
fill private sale-^Some of best saloons In city.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st
A— $400; TAILOR business; good stock and
customers: No. 1 location; rent. $20: -great
bargain on account of departure. STRAND
& KAISER, 209 Kearny Bt.
A -$1900-DELICACY store; receipts $30 a day:
rent. J15: everjthlr.s first-class: owner eo-
. ing to Germany. STRAND & KAISER 209
Kcarnr st. . .
A -CANDY STORE and ice cream parlors-
nrst to large public school: finely furnish-
fi and fully equipped with all the latest
appliances; cash business; bargain: come
quick. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
1 HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res^
tsurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions
drug stores, etc. JOSEPHJ3AILIK. 759 Mkt.
A r>Ri:G store in mfg. town 7n~San Joaquln
\ alley; doing a good business; worth about
fSOOQ.; for sale or to trade for other prop-
erty; the owner is an old man and wants to
- retire; it will be sold for cash for much less
than its real value. Address O. T RED-
FIELD. Sanger. Cal.
FOR EALE— Blacksmith shop; splendid open-
ing; Jn a thriving town 50 miles from San
TranciFca; well Etocked. together with four
lots; best location in town; established 30
. years; good trade; satisfactory reason for
filing. Fnr particulars apply Box 3345. Call.
J12"0— CORNER grocery and bar and 4 rooms
nicely furnished : northern part city take at
' once; going East; no agents. Box 3344. Call.
OLD. established transfer saloon; living rooms •
Mission: rent $30; lease; owner other impor-
tant business; sacrifice; $650. Box 3347. Call.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good place
for man and wife. E91 Fourth st.
I'HOTO gallery for sale; would rent; see owner
Sunday. 429 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
DENTAL office, well advertised, doing a busi-
ness of $600 a month; this Is a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 41144. Call
office.
A— $190; RESTAURANT clearing *75 month or
no sale; cheap rent; living rooms; good place
for man and wife. 436 Fourth st. .
A A— $4C0; GRAND opportunity for lady or gent,
' location perfect; cigars, periodicals,* notions.
Waiting-room, 22d-ave. station. E. Oakland.
{200— BRANCH bakery, notions," school sup-
plies, etc.; cause, death: no , agents. 933
. Greenwich St., southeast corner 'Jones.- '¦-
SPLENDID large place for laundry: srood well;
. come tools; low rent. -^318. Eleventh 6t.
• HELP WAWTEP^-MAT.R— -Tow. ;
WANTED— Recruits for the - marine corps,
1 S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men or gooa
character, between the ages of 21 and . 3 °/ °°J
j less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 f eet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further > information apply to the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. .
PENSIONS-^. . H. SHEPAKD & CO., ***?£••
Hears t . bldg.', Third .and' Market, room 516.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; readlng--rooms, free
.-. *bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH, office for call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been ..' established . at liwo
Valencia st. - - - - ¦ - .+ . : - - .
HORSES •AMD'.WAGOSS. ;; '
40 HORSES for" sale;; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. ' Grand Arcade Horse MarkeV.
127 Sixth at. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ,
40 YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 1100
to 1500 pounds; also 40 work mules for sale
this week at the Canty Ranch, Grayson.
Stanislaus County. Cal. * ¦ -
8. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. Sec. B10 Golden Gate ave.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
ard at. .........
FINE3 camp wagon, harness and tent for sale.
404 Jackson st. '.
ALL kinds of camping wagons, buggies, surreys
and carta. 1634 Mission »t. •
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
' etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A ¦ No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 23 Montgomery
st., room 25.
/ HOPSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN St CO.. 14 Montgomery.
"WALLER. 1215 — Fine sunny house. 9 rooms and
bath; large grounds and good stable; rent $50;
this side of G. G. Park, near panhandle; fine
view. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR RENT, for sumner months, nice home,
with large grounds; 11 large rooms, laundry,
bath, etc.: all well furnished; in Ban Jose;
refs. required. Apply 471 Parrott bldg.. city.
HOUSE 7 rooms; 109 Rose ave., between Gough
* and Octavia, . Haight and Page sts; rent
$17 50.- Apply 244 Stevenson St.
. ¦ ¦" LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A Dewey medal with name J. T. COL-
LINS • engraved on edge. Kindly return to
16 Third St. . •
LOST— Bull terrier named Hector; white, with
small black mark on ears; liberal reward. J.
D. SPRECKELS, Twenty-first and Howard.
LOST — Yorkshire dog; female. Return to H.
DANERI. 811 Howard St.; reward.
LOST— On McAllister st.," between Devisadero
.and Broderick, a pocketbook containing money
' and key of vault. Return to 1150 Fulton St.;
t reward. . - . • ; - '. '
LOST— A passbook with the Hlberaia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of MRS. KATE QUIRK, No. 88,555.
The finder will please return to bank.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles lm-
: mediately, as I am going out 'of business.
': UNCLE HARRIS. > 15 Grant ave. •
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
' Call. . 16 pages, sent to . any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
; \, ; • MEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED specialist; those who' desire to
' obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult 'cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea,
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles, of - male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself; be your own doctor; 4 months',
suppository treatment, $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market St.. S. FT. CaL
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give ln-
¦ stant relief for all female complaints ; the
longest and most obstinate | cases Immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; -'no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Halo's.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists ; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
' reliable ;S5 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
togive Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free;
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money, returned; my regulator
never falls: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care; fee. low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Maaon.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 28 yrs.
euccessful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. S42 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL are notified to redeem, their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
DR. POPPER, female specialist: no pills ¦ or
medicine used. 1514 Devisadero St.. nr. Geary.
MATTRESSES AND PILE()(WS.
TO. order: also cleaned and 'sterilized; uphol-
i stery ; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh St.;
telephone South 792. ¦ . -. . . ¦¦ ¦ ¦
MINES, AND MINING.
WELL developed paying Alaska mines: ex-
change for property or - business.- 303% Turk.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
, INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
- ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in M hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. , 1023
Mission st, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— 15-horsepower, Herrephoff compound I steam
i launch; 30 ft. long; 7 ft: 'beam; In perfect or-
der: cost $5000; price $1500. UNITED EN-
• GINEERING WORKS. 256 Spear st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machine", y, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
• etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ALL aro notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE ; HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
ANOTHER burglar-proof safe for $300; I am
retiring from business. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.- .
A— $3 GO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
. lar. Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, v $2 75. ' MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND » machinery of all kinds
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. S16 Mission st. •
READ "THE RAVEN," U. C. prize stories.
¦ For sale by. all dealers.
FOR sale— 1 striped tent; 5 ft. wall; 14x18: bar-
galn. 114 Eighth st. ; ¦ «, ¦
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. • 213 California st.
$.48. 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit, new; $32 50. 109
Montgomery st. ¦ ; . " . - - ' . ' » •
30 : H. P. steam", engine, stationary; 3 H. P.'
gasoline engine, : marine. 85 'Fremont st. i
GASOLINE eneines. 2d-hand. and other ma-
' chlnery bought and sold. ¦ Epstein. 538 Mission.
NEW steel safe for sale. 2 ft. 8. in. by 2 ft 4
in. Apply H.F., STOLZ.. 510-512 Castro st.
: Gasoline or distillate engines, new & ' 2d-hand ;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. S« Bloxome.
; HEADQUARTERS; for trunks, bags and dress
. suit cases. .'A. B. ; SMITH: CO.. 128 Ellis at
• FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
: boilers bought and sold. KROQH MFG. CO.
1 WE pay big prices ? for , sealskins. * Portland
. Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. ; ., /
"MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving plc-
. ' tures.';.BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post »t.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand macninery.
. ; : J. ; BURKE. 139 Beale , st. / :
' SAFES— New < and . second hand.j THE HER-
: k'MAN SAFES CO.-.: 417-423 Sacramento • st. ¦
SAFES-^-New and second-hand ; } all sizes. THE
¦ WAL TZ ¦ SAFE. . 109-111 < Market St., San Fran.
; A' WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.'
16 pages, in wrapper. ' f or mailing.* $1 per year.
1 =
. MISCELLANEOUS- (WANTS. * !
1 TILTON t wants good second-hand clothing and
. 'theatrical goods.;* 154 Ninth: tel." Folsom 2522.
J WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or : organ for
i-', >-.ca«h.-. H- VL. ; wirtTTEHiiLA.D;; 1706 Market- at.
MOJTET!^ TO LOA3T.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; da
not borrow of '¦ your . friends or you win lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
. and you will be better satisfied; no delay; nq
i publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~~~~"
13 MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY
' 630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate*
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc. . ¦ - ¦
ANY propoeltion. any amount; » per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages ' and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate In pro-
I bate; mortgages and legacies bought; node*
lay; get my terms before doing business elss-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2t Montgomery, r. t
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtrln '
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
"St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
—————— —————— — 1
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privata
party: no removal; no commission: conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
, watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without sectrr-
lty. HILL, r. 44. Merchants' El.. 431 CaUfnla.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorssr; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan Bldg. -*
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. US McAllister.
1% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, S Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages : no lndorser required, s".
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 223 Eansome st., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH , loaned to salartsd people on note without
lndorser. MORKELL. 609 'Examiner building.
' MONEY WANTED.
MONEY WANTED —
$40,000; stock In Industrial company paying:
dividends as security for $15,000; 6 per cent.
West Coast Investment Company. Phelan
building.
-MUSICAL DISTRUME5TS.
A MODERN piano factory Is at your disposal
to have your piano thoroughly overhauled
by first-class workmen in every department ;
you can have It repaired while you are away
for the lumner, tuned, tone regulated, pol-
ished and delivered to you on your return;
you, pay no more to have It repaired in the
factory than you would have in come small
shop, and have the advantage of skilled
men in every department: -we Invite you to
Inspect the factory. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-
310-312 Post St., sole agent. Sohmer, Byron
Mauzy, Gabler. Hamilton & Splelmann-
pianos.
THE best thins we can say of our great cash
piano sale Is that it has been the most suc-
cessful one we have ever held. There are
only five more days in this month, therefore
you must not delay if you want to set the
benefit of the very low prices we are now L
offering; Just think of cutting a nrice risht /
In two; that's what we are doing In this -
sale. We will arranze to meet you In the
evening if you are not able to come in th«»
daytime. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., 769 Market st. -
ALL uprights lowest prlcee and easiest terms.
1 Novella $63( 2 Chickerings {like
1 Heine baby grand I new) $2PO
(like new) $325 1 Hallet-Davis....$4«;
1-Steinway $li3l 2 Heines $315 up
' And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes.- Agents for fa-
mous Hallet-Davls-Heine. etc; agents want-
ed; live salesman wanted: bier salary right
man. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary »t.
_ — 1
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
4 CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any tlma within
'8 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFETS piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post st., opposite Union square. Arc now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
-of our old stock at greatly reduced, jsricee.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post at.; between Stock-
f ¦ ton and - Powell. . ' ; * ¦•-
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within S years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
* price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from -us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st: established 1550.'
A LIST of -fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
BteTllng, $75. $123. $143, etc; easy payments.
BENJ. CCRTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st
Chickertng. Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; unright
pianos, $75 and upward; Stetnway. Knabe.
Emerson Hartman and others; squares $19
pp. BRITENN. 20S Post st.
FINE standard upright piano; also paintings;"
sacrifice: leaving city. 736 O'Farrell st. 1
AN upright piano: inust be sold: owner leav-
lntr. HORNTJNG. 216 McAllister st -
CLOSING out stock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg,
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WTLBY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market rt.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary st. room SS. _J
A SMALL Chlckering upright. $125; 6 uprisrhts.
; gecond-handed. your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON* 3 Storage, 1708 Market st. you
. can get storage pianoa almost for a song.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
.SCHMITZ.-16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 -pages, sent -to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
¦ OFFICES . AJID STORKS TO LET.
TO lease— 15 Grant ave.; the whols building,
store, basement and 3 floors; 3 rear entrances;
'suitable for any business; grand location.
TO rent or lease— Second floor. 620 Market St..
opposite Palace Hotel: Al business location.
N Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st.
" : : : .- ; '
STORE to let. 933 Mission at.
SANSOME. 804— Handsome large store; reduced
to $8 per month.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Bunny offices. $15 to *2O: usual services. .
- OIL.
$13,000 TO Invest in oil shares for young East»-^
era capitalist: he asks location, title, prices. '
directory, etc.: send stamped envelope for ••
• his queries: confidential; will deal only with "
officers Of companies. * Lock box 2063, San
Francisco postofflce ' '
CALISTOOA Oil and . Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nina
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advance
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment ' Co.. 328 Post/ : Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
«l»ea; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts ot the
* St«te. » We can furnish you with lands in th»
best localities. If you are looking for land^
or wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewher*.
- SHEA A PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
PANTEB9 AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms panered.
$8 up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open even.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
able work. Clark's. 808 Larkln: tel. Larkin 1C6O.
palmistrt.-
madamFoermaink^ " "" '
For ten days only this famous business
PALMIST
' will . remain in her present quarters prior to
a much needed vacation.
Remember • she guides yon for * year
ahead. 906 Market st. ;
H. JEROME. FOSSELLI. scientific P*i™^&'S S
Taylor St.. bet. Gear y and Post: tel. Black 561.
MRS.Lamb,sclentlflc palmist and character read-
lng; lessons In class and private. 617 Jones st.
MRS. WM. McMANUS. scientific palmist. 114»>
Market. ,10 to 5; residence 731 Guerrero st.
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of tha
: Pacific Coast. 906 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS-
DR. C.C." O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
. . 1021 > Market ; st.-. • Sixth and Seventh.
DR. ... WONG -' HIM. • herb doctor, successfully
treatSi all diseases- of (the -human body; se«
testimonials at office 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellla.
FEATHER RENOVATING. ' : _«
Feather beds pllloars. hair mattresses steamed.
purified. Owen McCabe. : 870 Mission. • cor^Sta.
' ' - -; V FLATS'^TO : ;iiET^; _\VX;'S*"L
FINE sunny, flat, 24 Baker st, near Halght;_6
' upper rooms and bath ; rent reasonable. G. H.
•UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. , .'
ALL are notified to redeem their articles lm-
: mediately < as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. ,'
APPLY at 1722 Howard st. for flat of 6 rooms;
very sunny; 3 ' front; water free: rent. ¦ $17.
CLIPPER st., lS-^Sunr.y flat of 4 rooms, bath,
¦ laundry; $10. \ '.' ¦ ¦¦'.••'¦
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 ¦ sunny rooms ; large.
yard; cellar; no children; $10.. -.-•-¦.¦ . -.
NEW flat of 4 rooms, bath and laundry; latest
¦¦ improvements. : 349 ,. Liberty st. , : ¦
TO let— Modern flat, recently built: 6 rooms,
i bath,. yard apd basement. -1935 O'Farrell st.
'$32 50— SUNNY\comer flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1
v218 Van Ness ave. - ?
CLATS : TO ' LET Kornishied. I
HANDSOMELY furnished' 7-room sunny flat;
reasonable rent. 1609 McAllister st. : '.
,":- : . ¦ ', fiiATS WAMTKD. ¦ / --' '¦'''_:
WANTED— Small furnished flat, . three or four
rooms. - Box 3308, • Call office. . . ¦ . ' - '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
fROOMB f urnishedTiT oak, "$48" 60, w!th~No. 7
ranger King Furniture Co.. 1127-11S1 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. _
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.ELCody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CAL. Auction Co , 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; pbone Jesale 2071. ¦ J . .-. ¦-•
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny. buys &
sells your bus.. merchandise, fur., carpets.etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. Jamea 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 828 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.- Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture. . carpets,
pianos, etc. 113C Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.'
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
AT.C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .....104 Geary st.
¦ -HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitress,- summer resort, see. party here.. .$20
6 waitresses, 1st class springs, fare paid.. $20
2 waitresses, same commercial hotel .$20
Waitress, south, fare paid $20
.10 waitresses, different country hotels $20
5 waitresses, city $20
Chambermaid to wait, summer resort...... $20
Chambermaid, country hotel, fare paid. ...$20
Cook, choice restaurant, no Sun. work.. $10 wk
Laundress, country hotel $20
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
. Cooks, house girls, nurse girls, second girls,
cooks' for . ranches and lumber camps, dairy
ranches wanted. Apply C. R- HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary et. ¦-, . ' ." .-'¦
WANTED— First-class waitress who can act
as stewardess, $25, see boss at office to-day;
waitress, nice country hotel, $25; 4 waitresses,
private hotel, city, $20 and $25; 3 waitresses
in restaurant, city, $8 week; girl for general
housework, Mill Valley, see party here at 10
o'clock, no washing .*25; 50 girls for general
housework, city ant. country, $20, 25 and $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
WANTED— Cook for 3 In family, country, $35,
' no washing; Protestant girl, general house-
work, San Jose, $30; cook, summer resort. . $30;
cook for private family, Stockton, $30; cook,
- plain) wash, $25, also nurse, some second
¦work, $25, same house; Protestant gicl' as
kitchen help, boarding house at Lumber
Mills, $30; cook and kitchen help for coun-
try hotel, $50, no objection to man and wife;
cook, private boarding house, $35; nurse, 1
child, $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. '
MRS. M. B. DAY & CO.. ...... Phone Main 1575.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitresses for city, country and resort ho-
tels, $20 and $25; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7;
lunch" waitress, $3 50, no Sunday work; 3
chambermaids to wait. $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Mother and : daughter, country. $40; -German
cook. $30; house girl, small family, $25; many
other choice places, j MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO.. 335 Geary st.
A 'NEAT young saleslady to work part time;
good wages. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st. . - - - -
A NURSE girl used to young baby, 16 to 18
years or age. one who can do. some mending,
$12-$13. Apply 233 Third ave.,. Richmond Dis-
trict; take Geary or, Sutter st cars; car fare
paid. Apply to-day and ' to-morrow (Sunday.)
GOOD , girl in good I home at good wages ; for-
eigner preferred. Apply Occidental Hotel,
Montgomery st, 2 to 4 p. m. MRS. HUSSEY.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. :
GIRL for upstairs to assist with 2 children.
¦ Apply 2930 Sacramento st, corner Broderick.
WANTED— Good machine operator. 1139 Mis-
sion st. . • '
WANTED — Young girl for light housework and
assists with young child. 535 Frederick st. • '
YOUNG girl, general housework; flat; good
cook; 2 adults; 9-12. 1509 Stelner st. • ,
WANTED — An , old German lady housekeeper
¦ to care for 3 children. 116 West Park st.
LADIKS seriously wishing to marry send ad-
dress and description to Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
WANTED — Refined, educated • woman of good
appearance ; must be past thirty and coni-
¦ petent. Box 3306, Call. *
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in 2 wks. ;
entire course $5; positions guaranteed; big sal-
ary at start. Hairdressing College, 574 Geary.
OPERATORS ¦ wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32V4 Fremont st. Apply to
' MR. DAVIS. ___ "
EXPERIENCED nur3e girl for child 2 years
old.. 2544 Mission St. '
TWENTY girls to shell nuts. Apply 123 Clay
st.. upstairs, between 8 and 10 a. m. . = .
WANTED — Girl for general housework: small
• family. Apply 1370 Masonic ave., near Waller.
GIRLS from 15 to 18 years of age. Apply at
¦ once. AMES &, HARRIS, 100 Sacramento st.
GIRLS wanted. Bookblndery,* 536' Clay sf-
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ; . , ¦: .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. £200 Fillmore st.
, *HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C?^C^HANS : E?r^^COy^7~7ASr^&ary~Et.
FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK. •
50 teamsters, ship to-night, free fare..Truckee
60 laborers, 'ship to-night,- free fare.V.Truckee
100 tunnelmen, drillers and; muckers.. $2-$2 50
For Chatsworth Park, ship to-night. Free fare
. 60 laborers, ballasting track....... '.Coast road
, 60 laborers, Santa Barbara and L. A. divisions
. bhip Tp-nIght....Fre.j Fare. .. .Ship ; To-night
50 teamsters.. Ship daily, free fare,' Ukiah. $2
60 laborers... Ship dally, free fare, Ukiah... $2
¦', ¦ ' '' ': MISCELLANEOUS.'.
,' Mining and. machine blacksmith, $3; black-
smith's helper and shoer, R, R. camp,. $2 50
and free fare; horseshoer. -. R. R, damp,"
. $2 50; 4 farmers, Alameda Co., .$25; 6 milkers'
$30; 6 farmers," $30 and $1 25 a day; choreman
for a ranch, $25; 4 laborers for a. mine, $2 a
_day:' German grocery clerk and tend bar
:: country. $25. '
- , HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2d cooks, fryers and 3d cooks,»$75, $60 and
$60 and $40; cook, country hotel, $40; 3d cook
country hotel. $30; baker and pastry cook,
hotel, $60; 6 bread and cake bakers," city; 1
hotel waiters, ' country, $30 and $25: 20 dish-
-¦washers and kitchen hands, $30 and $25; all-
around laundryman, resort, $30; - Japanese
laundryman, resort,. $20; - German grocery
' clerk and tend bar, $25 , and found.
C.-R. HANSEN & CO.......... ..104 Geary st.
A TIMEKEEfPER to run commissary store for
contractor's R, R. camp; must be experienced
In this line and give references; a sober, re-
liable man required;; none other need apply;
S $30 to $50 and found.-. See party this forenoon
- ct C. R. -HANSEN ,'&¦¦ CO.'S, 104 Geary st.
A GENERAL : blacksmith and tool I sharpener
• for, mine in Central America;* healthy pla^e-
steady. work;; $100 in gold and found; fare
•paid. See partyatC.R. HANSEN & CO.'S
. 104. Geary st: ¦ .; -- : • . . • ., v . 1 .. : ',¦
WANTED^-A flrat-class lunch man for a flrst-
class restaurant, : $50 and board. . Apply > C
R. HANSEN & . CO., , 104 ¦ Geary st. ';f --: ; ,
AT THE CAL. ¦¦, , EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
_¦ . ,59 Third street; phone, Bush : 405. -..•--.*,
Carload i of railroad laborers, 1 8. P. C. - own
work, for Santa ; ; Barbara division ; '_¦ steady
Free, Fare . .'FreeiFare "¦'* ' Free Fars
¦1 10 men for, lumber woods: ......".. .free f arj
¦ 4 redwood ' tlemakerB,- lie". .:..:;. ; .'. .free ¦ fare
, 4 men to make pickets....:.... $6 per. thousand'
,8 men > to pile lumber, $35 to $45 per mo andbd'
,13 men for.' rock crusher. . . $2 to $2 25 per day
ECan let contract t to cut 3000 cords of pine and'
oak wood, $1 40 cord; tools and provisions fur *
. .cookforjcamp;.;.. ........... ...'.$35 per. mor.t!r
> 2 'machinists,-; country...'..:.;... '.$4 for 9; hours',
¦ "(i all-round farm hands;.'.;:..... -.$1*25 'per day 1
' 12 haymakers. .'. r:. . : , .-.'.-.• ~ . . : . . . '. : $1 25 per day ;
ANTED — An -.elderly, business ~ man ; ! must '• be'
"good 'penman; 'wages j $10 :' per .;- month. '. Call
;;- ANDRE. V 316 Stockton st ' •. ¦ ;\ - v---;; . t ; ' \r- «¦>.'
BUSINESS CnAXCES— Continued.
$2250— GROCERY: no bar; Western Add.; horse, \
wagon, cart, stable, living rooms; good busi-
ness. PACIFIC REAL ESTATE, 765 Market. .
$275— FRUIT and vegetable store/ horse and
wagon. PACIFIC REAL ESTATE. 765 Market j
53000^-RESTAURANT. 9 rooms upstairs; best
location; big receipts; -low rent; a bargain. •
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO., 765 Market.
$1850— SALOON, fine location, near Market st.; ;
splendid business; principal street. PACIFIC '
REAL ESTATE CO.. 765 Market. »
A— $4000; CHOICE piece real estate, improved; '¦
75 feet front, 240 feet deep; a sacrifice.
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO.. 765 Market. ¦
$600— BARBER shop; good location; lease.
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO.. 765 Market.
IF you are getting only 3 per cent for yout
money call upon us; our securities pay 5 to
6 per cent. West Coast Investment Co.. Phe-
lan building. ' ' i
$160— PARTNER wanted; saloon. 640 Commer- :
cial st., second door from Kearny; rent $20.
A whole building to lease; 15 Grant ave.; fine
location; suitable any business: rear entrance.
FOR sale — Good-paying saloon: best location;
low rent; going away. ' Box 322C. Call office. •
MAN with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at. Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call office.
LODGING-BOUSES FOR. SALE.
ATcAMERoTrirCOn
£50 Market Et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828. .
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains. :
58-room hotel; rent $125; fine business.... $4000 ¦
20 rooms; rent 75; newly renovated 1200
14 rooms; hardwood finish; income $120.. 700 .
12 rooms; rent $40; sunny; good furn.... 550
20 rooms; cor.; cheap rent: good trans't. 1000 .
19 rooms; rent $60; good turn.; clears $70. 1000
18 rooms; cor.; sunny; pays well 900
8 rooms; rent $35; 6 furnished 200
¦ 12 room; California Et. ;.rent $50; apart- . '.
ments; oak and mahogany furn; Ilrst-
class roomers 800 :
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN. i
8 rooms: lovely corner; new furniture.. $350 '
10 rooms; Van Ness; cost $1400; to-day.. 1000 ,
20 rms.: downtown; nr. Market: rent $75. 1200 ;
35 rooms: big money-maker: Al value.. 2000
118 r. modern house; good cor.: make offer.
Hundreds to choose from...... $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list beforo buying.
"WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
ATTENTION, BUYERS! '
: ; You may buy any rooming-house- In
..:-. •.-"•-'¦¦.'-¦ . the city. : and pay for it
¦ -'¦ -.': y in monthly payments
:; from the -profits .
: ':\'_- : of the house. .
'-; Vacant houses furnished.
iDONALD INVESTMENT CO.. $50 Market
WINSTON & WOLF.
' •:..'. : ' ' -V 1026 Market st.
21 rooms: part cash: central $1200
32 rooms; rent ?40; clears $100 1200
42 rooms; cheap rent: clears $100.......... 2000
So rooms; rent. $S0; reduced to 800
20'. rooms, corner, only 600
FISHER & CO.. ! 935 Market St., opp. Mason. I
37 rooms, price $800: 35 rooms, price $1400. ¦ :
24 rooms, pr'ce S1000; 12 rooms, price $550. :
t6 rooms, price $1400: I» rooms, price S325. '''.,.-,.-¦
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30. $500.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
9 ROOMS on Minna St.: crlce $250.
'14 rooms on Taylor St.; orlce $700.
8 rooms on Sixth rt.: price $450.
13 rooms on Grant ave-.; price $1500. ' ¦ ...
..--•¦ Eureka Real Estate. 28 Sixth st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging-houses. : ' "; . .•;./.
SNAP— 28-room house, all full: good reason for
selling: rent J60. 420 .Sixth st. : > , /
PARTIES wishing to purchase lodging-houses
at reasonable prices call 100SH Market, r. 4.
SPIRITUALISM. ~
MRs7^T^r^WHlTNEY^ J " " ". '"'" " : ~
Trance, business medium; life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without ¦
- use of knife. 1164 OTnrrell, nr. Gough; Ellts-
st. car: sit., il: letter. $2. .•¦ Tel. Hyde 2461.
BR. "WHEELER, medium, will read your life
correctly; circles Tuesday, Thursday and Sat-
urday evenings; readings daily. 1 to 4; ladles
50c, gents $1. 305 Larkln St., fourth floor,
rooms 87 and SS; 23 years a medium..
ARNOLD DICKSON, tests to-night, 10c; ma-
terializing seance Sunday night; readings,
¦'¦¦: 50c $1. 148 Sixth at..?. ¦¦•;/:.. .
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. ¦ Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln.
st.; tel. Howard 2711: hours 10 a, m. to 6 p. m
EARLE. 622 Geary st.. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
Mrs. Gillingham, hrs. l to 5; circles Sun., Wed.,
Fri., 10c, 305 Larkin. Wed.,Sat,Oakld. 532 22d.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. .117 Taylor
•-, - st, room 14. '. ¦ : ..-¦¦'". . . ¦ :.¦ :> ;
MRSr LESTER, 14S Sixth, rm. 11; cir. every
eve., 10c; except devel. cir., Friday eve., 25c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J:
-;. Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
RAYMOND, boy medium, grand trumpet se-
ance to-night; tests to all. 503 Gough st. ¦ .
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 136 West Mission st..
nr. 13th— Circle Sun. «?ve.. 25c: ;:ttlnes daUy.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, ' r T~^~
THE FAMOUS :
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bids:.
' She reads yovr life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
. medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
BROESKE BROESKE BROESKE
The well-known psychic and scientific
palmist; gives advice on all affairs of life;
reads your entire life— past, present and fu-
ture; your character, talents, abilities,
health, etc.; gives advices in regard to pro-
fession, love 1 affairs, business,' speculations,
etc.; scientific palmistry taught; oral palm-
istry; readings SI; perfect satisfaction by
mail. Send stamp for circular, 203 Turk st. |
ARRIVED : ARRIVED
MADAM MONTAGUE
. Clairvoyant and palmist. Are you anxious
concerning your future, love, marriage,
money, business, employment, health, etc. ?
Consult Madam Montague at once ; holy power
and advice await you; she gives names I
facts and dates; perfect satisfaction by mail;
hours 10 a. m., 8 p. m. 1382 Market, op. 7th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
¦ : and future; never faile; has the greatest
'; Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
. band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to every-
. body;. cures diseases by sympathy. 215'^ Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card j
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
•¦ diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
'•gents $1; palm, and clair. .-sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MVs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants and palm-
ists: names and dates; 1,25c; g. 50c; mail $1.
151H& Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
REMOVED— Mme. Sanders, 127 Mason .St.. medi-
um;' palmist; teaches mind telegraphy; gives
advice on all business; hours 12 to 8.
, KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
! falls; readings. 50c. 1203 Mission st.; corner 8th.
MISS ZEMI^AR, young, gifted clair. and palm-
ist; has second sight; wonderful prophetess;
names given; I. 50c; g. $1. 1203 Market, cor. 8th.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium. 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor. 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card-reader; la-
' dies 25c; gents 50c. 132 Sixth st .
1 MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11,6th; German spoken; tel.Howard,1846
• FOR peace of mind see - Mesmar, the great
clair., life reader; truth only. 1152 Mission.
¦ MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, *ard reader:
) sittings daily. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant,' card reader and
'. palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c' •• 1143 Mission.
! MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c. up. 5. Fourth. sL |
; CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
¦ WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
; send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Workf>, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
' ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. .
" RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
\ reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard, 2351.
1 JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie, 106L
r SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-'
• • 844 McAllister st ; phone South 146.,
- CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
• , STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st.: tel. South 250.
- J. E. MITCHELL - Carpet-Beating and : Reno-
' vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
3 CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944: v ., :
; CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. ./: : .Killed by Falling Derrick.
June, 1901.
CALL CALENDAR.
Thomas B. . Evans -(owner) with Charles J.
W. Koenlg (contractor), plans by owner— All
work for f a three-story ' frame building . (three
flats) and J a , two-story and attic • residence
thrae-story building on W line of "Van Ness
avenue. 60 N of "Vallejo street.' and two-story
residence on N line of Vallejo street, 95 W of
Van Ness avenue; $12,238.
Americo Suacci* (owner) with - E. ; Quagelll
(contractor), architect ¦ J. -A. Porporato— All
work except shades and chandeliers!.' for a
three-story and basement frame building on E
line of Taylor street. 137:6 N of Lombard, N
63:3% to SW line of Montgomery -avenue, SX:
82:4%, :W 52:8% to .beginning; U200.
(contractor), architect ' Jules * Godart—Carpen
ter, mill and ' stair work, brick flues, . gas l£?s.~
tinning, roofing,, shingles,., plastering, glazing,
wrought and cast iron -work- »and 'i building
hardware for • a ' three-story frame i building
(store and flats) in front and two-story frame
stable in : rear on SE line of Harrison street.
180 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by SE 80: $2995.
Morning. Session. . .
• • -Board— : - -' . - :
100 Central iPolnt Con i 60
-25 Home :..,..'. 3 25
2000 Independence 14
100 Junction ... — ...i...... n
200 Junction 20
100 Lion - :'¦-.. 14
1200 Petroleum Center .:......' 04
160 Sterling.... ....; .:... l 40
Street—
2100 Petroleum Center 05'
.- . -.-. * , Afternoon Session. :^--.f ;
¦ Board—
500 Four ...'. 41
100 Monarch of Arizona, s 30 40
600 Monte Cristo 2 15
100 Monte Cristo 2 17%
100 Monte Cristo, s 90... 2 07%
- 100 Petroleum Center '..' 04
100 Sterling 1 4fr;
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— • .
300 California-Standard 29
1000 Lion 14
100 Peerless . — • :.... 8 00
100 Peerless, b 90....; ;........... S 30
4000 Petroleum Center*..". 05
100 Sterling ....; 1 50
¦ . ' ".¦. Afternoon Session.
Board— ¦=' : i*t>sa . ¦ . .
1600 California-Standard 28
300 Caribou, s 30...........;..... 73
600 Lion -, 15
500 Monarch of Arizona 40
3000 Petroleum Center '. 05
60 Petroleum Center;......:..:. ¦ 04 i
,, STOCKS. .
The following -were the sales In * the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:; ¦ «¦¦'/ ¦¦•' ;-..,- '¦'• •:-¦ .-¦' ' -:
, Morning Session. ,
100 Con Cai & Va..2 40 200 Savage ......... -12
300 Ophlr :.. ........ 95 100 Silver Hill S3
100 Overman' ....... 11 100 Standard ....... 3 Stl
• 600 Potosl ..:.......*. 02 500 Yellow Jacket. . 12
S$8Qt^?f£' Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 21 1 S00 Overman .....:. ,11
E0 Best & Belcher 23 500 Potosl 02
' 100 Ophir ...... 841 100 Yellow Jacket. 1\
The following. were the. sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: . : .
Morning .. Session. / ' .
200 Challenge Con. 151 300 Ophir ... 94
600 Chollar ..:.....:' 061 200 Ophlr .......... 93
300 Con Cl & Va.2 37% 400 Overman ..... IS
800 Gould & Curry. ¦ 07 900 Savage ;.. n
200 Mexican ....... 18 400 Union Con .... 20
= v '- ' Afternoon Session.'- _; ¦ '
200 Best & Belcher 21 250 Con Cal 4 Va.2 35
300 Challenge Con. 18 300 Mexican ....... j«
4000 Chollar .'....... 05 209 Ophir" U
300 Con C1& Va.2 37% \
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ¦ ': >.
.. » r « FRIDAY, May' 31-Up, m.
, - : • Bid.'Aik: ' ¦? • > . •" . Bld.Ask.'
Alpha I.... 01 03 Justice-... 03 m
Alta..!.... ...... ¦"-'— - 02 Kentuck f.'. 01 03
Andes ..,.....:: 04 C5 Lady 'U'ashtn. ..• 01 —
Belcher ..'...¦.:. 06 07 Mexican ;.:.....*. 17' is
Best & Belcher 21 .; J2 Occidental ..:., 03 04
Bullion ........ — 03 Ophlr . "..:..:.:.. 54. ¦ 95
Caledonia ..:... 46 49 Overman .,....:. n . u
Challenge * Con. 17 . 20 Potosi •...;.....; '01 - C
Chollar.T.v:..v:.-;05 • 06 Savage.'... .jo y>
Confidence ..... 63 65 Scorpion -....;.."— ©4
Con Cal & Va..2 35 2 40 Seg Belcher/:.. 01 0*
• Con Imperial. :. • — 01 Sierra • Nevada.' 12 14
ConNew York. .— ;01 Silver, Hill.:... .'33 31
Crown Point...;" 09.10 St Louis ..r.:.- 06 —
Eureka Con ..r — 06 Standard ....:..3 65 —
Exchequer ....::, — 02 Syndicate .;.*... C6 —
Gould & Curry. "07 09 Union Con .... -18 19
Hale '&; Nor.... 19; '21 Utah v.\.\...y.V 04 05
Julia',:.*...:;.... v — .02 1 Yellow Jacket:. '14 - 15
Street—
265 Market-street Railway 70 50
100 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co, s 30 26 00
$1000 8 P of A bonds (1909)....... 113 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins v Session. '
25 Alaska Packers* Assn 126 50
70 Contra Costa Water SI 00
5 Contra Costa Water : SO 25
25 Contra Costa Water ;... 80 00
50 Equitable Gaa" 3 25
6 Hutchinson Sugar Plan Co . . 19 50
70 Market-street Railway 70 85
15 Oceanic Steamship Co, cash 45 00
100 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co, s 30... 26 00
Street— -
$6000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s ....104 50
$7000 Contra Costa Water bonds ..109 75
$3000 8 P Branch Ry 6s bonds ..'..135 00
' . v Afternoon Session. ,
Board— • • ••¦¦'.
215 Hutchinson Sugar Plan Co........... 19 25
$1000 Omnibus Cable 6s bonds 127 00
50 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co. s 60.. 26 00
30 Pacific Coast Borax ......lt;2.5O
5 Spring Valley Water .\.." 86 50
Bld.Ask. . . ;' Bid.Ask.
4s quar reg....U3%114 4s qr cp (new).138%139£
4s quar coup. .113^114 3s quar coup.. 109 <110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. |
Bay Co P C 5slO4% — Oceanic 102 103
,CaI-st 5s 117V4 — Omnibus R 6s. — —
C C Water 5S.1O9V411OV-1 Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Kd L & P 6s..l28^1S3V2 Pk & C H 6s.. 107% —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117 — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H & C S StfB..I06i; — - Sac E G R 5s. -r 100
Do 6s 101 102% S F & SJV 5s.l20% —
Los Ang R Ss.112% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 63
Dogntd6s...— 104 (1909) 113 114
• DO gntd 6S...10O — (1910) 114 —
L A.& Pac 5s.l02%104 S P of C 6s ' • ' ¦
Do 1 c m 68.123% — (1906).' ser A.108 —
Markt-st C «s. — 127% (1805). ser B.107% —
DO 1 c m 6S.123U — (1906) ........ — 111
Nev Co R 7a.. — 113>4 (1912) — 122
Nor R Cal 8s.. — 114>4 8 P of Cal 1st
Do 6s.........ll8%119V4 cp gntd g 6s.lO5 —
Nor Pao C 6s..lOO — S P Br Cal 63.133 —
Do 5s.. .......108; 109 S V Water 6s. — 113%
Nor R Cal 6s..ll3%— Do 4s 102H103
Oak Gas 5s. ...112 — Do 4s, 3d m.lO2>.;iO3
Do Tran «s..U6%1171i Stktn Gas 6s. .100 —
Do Wat 5s.. .10* — .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. SO 81 I Spring Valley. 88 86H
Marin County. 62% — - J : ~ .
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 3 — Pacific Lt ....47 -r-
Equitable ..... 3M- — Sacramento ... — —
Mutual ..:..'... 4% — S F G & E... 37 37%
Oakland ...... 50 — San Francisco. 4 4%
Pacific Imp -.34 34% Stockton — —
' . INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fund.235 245 f . .
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 81 IL P & A.... -.147 —
California 409 410 Mer Ex (liq).. 16" —
Cal Safe Dep.107% •— S F Natfsnal.120 —
First Nat ...309 — -f . ...
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1900 — |Sav & Loan./ — —
Humboldt — — JSecurity 275 —
Mutual 60 — lUnion Trust..l400 —
San Francisco.522%550' '
1 STREET RAILROADS.
California .....125 135 O S L & H.... 40 ' — '
Geary — 40 Presidio 23 27
Market ........ 70 70% !
rOWDEK. •
Giant ......;.. 77 77H|Vigorlt 3 3J4
SUGAR. : ... ,.
Hana '.'.".".1 .7% -8 ', Kilauea ....... 17% 18^i
Hawaiian 50 — * Makawell 38% —
Honokaa 21 — Onomea 20 22
Hutchinson ... 19% — IPaauhau ...... 26 26%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 126 127% Oceanic SS.... 45 —
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Aux FA1. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 100 — Pao C Borax. 160 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint .... 16 —
Leroy T. Hutchinson to Lottie Howard (wife
of Virgil), lot on N ¦ lino of Greenwich street.
163:6 E of Scott, E 27:9 by-N 137:6; gift.
C. E. and Janet Knickerbocker to Julia A.
Holm (wife of T. N.). lot on W line of Scott
street, 30 N of Grove, N 27:6 by W 110; $3500.
Grace G. and 'William Alexander to Olive
K. Clarke, lot on W line of Devisadero street,
159:8 N of Thirteenth, N 25 by.W 125^ $2000.
William A. Hewitt to C. A. Meussdorffer,
lot' on SE corner of Washington and Lyon
streets, E 31:3 by S 100:4%; $4000.
William McCracken to Alfred Olson, lot on
£3 line of De Long avenue,' 375 8 of Waller
street, S 25 by E 80; $1000. - •
Arthur W. and Anna J. Watson to Rose C.
Patterson (wife of George Cfc), lot on W line
of Ashbury . street. 393:6 S of Frederick, 8 23
by W 100; $1500. - . •
J. T. Fleming ' to Sarah Naphtaly, lot on
.E lino of First avenue. • 175 . N of McAllister
street, N 60 by E 100; $500.
Frederick Muller to Louisa Muller, lot on N
line of Cumberland street, 175 E of Dolores,
E 25 by N 114; $500.
• Kate B. and Mar Rothschild to . Louis Jor
gensen. lot an N line of Twenty-second street,
228:8 E of Sanchez. E 25:11 by N 114; $1000.
Edward and Sarah A. Philips to Kate N.
McCleery (wife of Frank B.), lot on W line
of Douglass street, 176:6 Nof Elizabeth, N 25
by W 100; $2000. • .
C. A and Barbara Trlmborn and Frank W.
F. and Mary Scholl to Harry W. Bernheim,
lot on NW corner of Vallejo and Mason
streets. N 30 by W 70; $3000.
Elizabeth Madison, . Josephine Zahn. Walter
H. and Charles Scholl and Emma iSchwerin
to same, same; $3000. ¦ • ¦¦¦¦'¦
J. William, .Walter E., Kate L. and Char
lotte E. Lucas to Mary M. Lucas, lot on NE
line of Main street, 71:8 SE of Howard, SE. 20
by NE 45:10; $1000.
. George P. Dorgan and Celia A. Laumelster
(wife of William F.) to Thomas J. Dorgan,
lot on NW line of Natoma street, . 478:6 SW
of First. SW 35:6 by NW 75.. (to correct 1846 D.
348); $10. •
Thomas J. Dorgan to Henry E. Bothin. lot
on- NW- line of Natoma street.. 311 NE of Sec
ond, NE 35:6 by NW 73; $4000. •
Edward .Wenzel to Olga Wenzel, lot on SE
line of Jessie street. 130 SW of Sixth, SW 31:3
William J. and Emma C. Gunn to Louise
C. Snow (wife of Elliott), lot on W line of
Eleventh avenue. 188 N of Clement street, N
50 by W 120; $1500. . ' „
Rebecca L. Strong to John H. Gray, lot on
E line of Twelfth avenue. 75 N of Clement
street. N 25 by E 120; $1000. -
Gabor and Flora Konogsteln to Pearl M.
Lemon (wife of lot on W line of
Sixth avenue, 140 S of California street. S 20
by W 120; $2000. • ". " -
Harriet C. and Richard E. Tomlln to James
E and Joan W. Mlln, rerecord 1S39 D. 352, lot
on W line of Eighth avenue, 200 S of J street,
S 25 by W. 120; $500. - -
George and Mary Letterell to Oscar Heyman,
lot 7, Holllday map A; $1000.
• Rudolph and Louise ¦ Huber ; to James Gog
eln lot on E line of Palmer street, 146:6 B of
Fail-mount, S 20:3, SE 116, N 58, W 82:6, block
15. Fairmount; $1000. •-- . ¦ ~ r ,J
Antolne and Grade Borel to, Olive Verkou
teren lot on SW line of Twelfth avenue south,
150 SE of P street; SE 50 by SW 100, block 25,
O'N. and H. Tract; $500. : . j-K.'
, Alameda County.
William T. and Sarah B. Harris to Ira
Vaughan, lots 88 and 89,. map of Academy
Homestead. Oakland; $2500. . -
Christian and Wlnf red Frick to . Adam and
Mary C. Guenther, lot on E line of Shattuck
avenue 87.14 N of Center street, N 41, E 108.77,
S 40. W 115.53 to beginning, lot 3, block A,
Berkeley property maps 1 and 2, Blake Tract,
Berkeley; $9500.
Virginia A. L. Roberts to Geonrle- L. Dixon
(wife of J. R.). Miriam L. Sterling (wife of
J. C.) and W. H. Lyons, the undivided quarter
of lot 3 and undivided quarter of E half of lot
4 block 2. State University. Homestead Asso
ciation No. 5, Berkeley; $250. _ :- m
Arthur A. and Marie M. Dixon, to Harry W.
Westerman, all Interest In lot on N line of
Harmon street as now opened, 40 E of Regent,-,
E 40 by N 141 portion of block 2, on map of
property of A. B. Dixon, Berkeley: $500.
Annie McKechnie to Donald McKechnie, lots
16 and 17. block 38. tract B. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association, Berkeley
(quitclaim deed): $10. " , t , ' , ''i-
B. "Kelsey to E. A. Holman, lot 5. block B.
Latham Terrace, .Brooklyn Township: $10.
J R. and Laura Lalne to William A. Irwln.
14 077 acres beginning at a point on NW line
of' Seminary avenue, 2627 from NE line of
oountv road Oakland to San > Leandro, thence
NE 1290.90. NE 496.50, SE 1288, SW 456.40 to ba
etnnlng Brooklyn Township: $9000.
Cat>taln ' J. '¦ C Eschen . to Laura S. Eschen,
lots 132 134 and N 24.92 feet of lot 136. map of
Enclnal Park Tract, Alameda: gift. ,.
Anna B. Kinney (wife of Mark L.) to Wil
liam T. Harris, lots 88 and 89, Academy Home
stead Oakland; $2000. ¦ ..-¦¦( '¦?¦
John and Mary Shea to William H. Mackln
non lot on N line of Evoy avenue, 140 E of
West street, E 25 by N 110, lot 50. block A.
Paradise plot. Map 2, Oakland; $500..
Karl H Nickel to John H.' and Adelle R. Cra
ean lot on SW corner of Telegraph avenue and
Colusa street, ,W 134, S DO, E 120.60, N 51.18 to
beginning, lots 5 and 6, block D, Roberta and
Wolfskin Tract, subject to a mortgage for $1500,
Charles Caniden, E. A. and Elizabeth D.
Heron to George Sterling, lot on N line of Vista
avenue, 132 W of Vernal avenue, W 60? by N
150 being the W 60 feet of. lot 2 and' 8 half of
W60 feet of lot 3. block 4. Revised Map. Pied
mont Park. Oakland Township; $1000.. ' '
Judson M.' and Louise S. Davis to Marion Van
Ostrand, lot 22, block P, Harmon Tract, Berke
ley: $300. *•¦'; ¦ '.--./I ¦ -. - ' ¦'..
Susannah M. - Brackett to Robert > Lelke. lot
on N line of Virginia street, 120 B of; Sacra
mento E 120 by N 270, lot 4, block 2, : Teachers'
State University Homestead, Berkeley ; $1000,
Andy L.'and Wllhelmine H. Stone, E. B. and
A L - Stone - Company (corporation) . to Daniel
e' Green, lot on NW line of Michigan avenue,
186 32 NE of Elm street, ; NW 120 by NE 60. be
ing lot 284 and SE ; 20 feet of ' lot 285, Map of
Madison square, Brooklyn Township; $1000.
May C. Gllban and Harrie L. Wright to Allda
W Terrlll (wife of G. W.), lot on S Una of
Twenty-second street, where same is Intersected
by the line dividing lots 4 and 6,' Tuttle Home
stead Tract,, which point of beginning is distant
250 W from ? point ,of Intersection , thereof . with
W ' line of • Telegraph - avenue, : thence ' S 129 :4^,
E'35 N129:4V4,-W 35 to beginning, portion of
Tuttle Homestead Tract, Oakland; $10. ¦ •' .'.-,
' . Sara Reamer to same, lot on S line of .Twen
ty-second street, 35 E from the point. where the
same is intersected by line dividing lots 4 and
5 ..Tuttle' Homestead 'Tract,' said point of ;. be
ginning |s distant- also : 215 ,W from W line of
Telegraph avenue, E 15. S 129:4H, W- 15, N
129 AM to beginning, portion of '¦ TutUe '• Home
stead Tract/ Oakland: $1000. -."-» -.; ¦¦:,;¦
t Judson Wheeler to Sadia D.- Armstrong, lot 6,
block 3, Wheeler Tract, Berkelay ; $350.
Julia Bake.r(wlf«. of G.H.) tO'Mary-'Blbhy
(wife of J. W.).lot on NE line of Chicago ave
nue, 100 NW of Boston avenue," NW 100 by NE
129.75, being lots 31 to 84, block B, on map of re
subdivision . of. block • B, Prospect vHUl ..Tract,'
Brooklyn Township; $3000. :¦ ...
¦ Joseph Morizlo (administrator ; of estate of
Horace F. ¦ Garcelon," by J.I B. Lanktree, com
missioner) I to George , S. I Beadle, - lot 1 on ; N. line
of - Railroad . avenue, !; 459 '. W « of ; Peru , street. ,W.
35 by N, 150, portion of Fitch and Sharon Tract/
¦Alameda; $J1746.~:V --,..:•, -. . ; .¦
. i Arthur i McCracken to James G. * Menzles, the
W 10 feet. of lot 15. 'the E SO feet of lot 16, block
94, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $1500.
Contracts. ;
1 G. Cauhape (owner) with C. M. : \ Lindsay ,
Estate of Amelia V. R. Pixley (by J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors)
to Albert Pissis, lot on SW corner of. Califor
nia and Polk streets, S 103 by W 88:9; $70,000.
Harry C. = and -Hortense R. Good (by John
Lackmann, ' Sheriff) to J. J. Rauer, lot on SE
corner of Octavia and Ellis streets. E 52:6 by
S 120; ?1«. ¦¦'¦
Clara Walters (Powelii to Edward G. and
Frances L. Vail, lot on W line of . Webster
street. 77:8«4 S of Washit rton,' S 25 by W 68:9;
BEAT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY. May 31-2 p. m.
\ UNITED STATES BONDS.
The market was quiet on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange with a decline in Con
tra Costa Water at *31©8O.
There was nothing new In the afternoon. ' -
There was a fair business in the * oil stocks
at the prevailing low prices.
The Blue Goose , Oil Company has levied an
assessment of $2, delinauent June 27.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
STOCK .MARKET.
fiRAKD HflTO, '¦" ,i'
A L Moffltt, Los Ang-:
J Brunton, - Stanford ;
E P Frank.' S Rafael
W. Moore & w, Clinton
G G Byrne, Sta Cruz
T H Fullen. Angels v
W Young, Modesto
G Johnson, Milwaukee
J F Shafroth & w, Colo
T H Emerson,. Hmbldt
F Sturm, Germany
J McC Brown, Omaha
A Barren-Danby. Lon
M H Durst, Wheatland
J C Michener, Los Ang
D Slttle.iU S A : ¦¦¦
A H L Smith , & w,
Chicago - ¦ j ' .
S E Baker. Ohio
Rebecca Berry, Mo i
Le Roy Wagner, v Ohio
F C Smart, Omaha
W H Comstock & w,
Brockville . .
¦Mrs J H McLeod, Cal
E Cariley Jr,S Barbara
"A- J Bowen, Los Ang
a»«rida Jorgensen, Cal
Telia Bolaam, ¦ Vlsalia
; Mrs . E Hartman, Utah
Mls8 A Hartman, Utah
W A Johnson.Q) Monte
A B Muiray. Visalia
J Panetto.Plxley „.
A Thornton, New Hope
D E Arfwedson, Cal ;
JH Batcher. Sacto .
W F Cronemiller, Sac
J C Cootier, Sacto
Mrs C R Hexamer. NY
R Luscombe, L Gatos
K W Hamilton, Aubrn
O C Schulze, Dlxon
C Moltzen, Pt Reyes
E Barry & w. US N I
J M Haig, N.Y
A Riley, fit Joseph
M L Starin. L"fts Ang
C Lilly & w. Ind
Louise Lilly, -Ind
Susan Lilly. Ind
Miss Mauley, Ind .
W Lilly, Ind
M Krakow, Detroit
J.C Ruddock, Ukiah :
W O Stoddard Jr, N Y
W T Blakeley. Minn •
G 1^ Howe, Sacto
H C Hubbard, Stanford
P Rockey, Stanford
Mjs C Curnow. Souls- .
byville
PALACE HOTEL.
E A Powers, Arizona
R J Sickles, Mass '
F H Short, Fresno
J W Bamberger, N T
A G Jones, Chicago
J R Philips, Stockton
H O Moore,. San Jose
E R Pelz, , Chicago " '
M N Gerhard, N~Y
B E Howard, Stanford
Mrs Bartlett, Mass
Miss Richardson, Mass
H J McElgtn, Brooklyn
Mrs La Grave, China
C L Bard, Ventura
F R King & w, Cal
S H Adams, Stanford
D Cowden & w, Kans
S Griggs, Detroit - '
H I Wilson, Butte
H K White & w, Bostn
C J Riley, Chicago
C E Pearsall & w, Cal
J B Breathilt. Arizona
F B Knight, N Y
E W Strauss, Chicago
M Isaac, Los Ang -
N D Johnson, Portlnd
G Doll, New York.
Mrs H "W Conner, La
Miss E Koch, La
Miss L Miles. La
Baron- von Frlschlng,
Germany
H E Van Duyne, : N Y
J Dunsmuir & w, B C
W G Warden, Phlla
W J Weaver, London .
S T Britten. Menlo Pk
G F Becker, D C
J L Foster, Georgia
C W de Knight, D C
HOTEL ABBlfALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 1, J1901.
Fire Sweeps Grain Field.
CORNWALL, May 31— Fire to-day de
stroyed 100 acres of standing - barley and
50 tons of hay baled and. in stack on
Thomas Parada's ranch. It is believed to
have been started by a passing engine.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Prom Page Ten.
SALINAS, May 3L— John. .Grant- of
Santa Cruz, while; at work In »Iverson
Brothers' machine- shop ; here, was in
stantly killed this afternoon by being
struck, by. a falling derrick. Grant, was
60 years of age, and leaves a family re
siding in Santa Cruz. .
$4000.
13
S.IM. T. W.IT. (F. S. Moon's Phases.
' ' . 1 o, June 2.
¦ — -A v£/ Full Moon.
2 2 4 5 j S 7. 8 L_
Tiriririiririr g LM j u s a 9r ep>
15 17 IS 13 I 20 t 21 t 22 — — ' — '
1 ; I June 'IS. .
23 24 25 2S | 27 !8 j S3 W New Moon.
Moon's Phases.
mmmm
]¦
I ra First Quarter.
— ¦! 1 ¦& June 23.
S.IM. T. W.IT. (F. S. Moon's Phases.
' ' . 1 o, June 2.
¦ — -A v£/ Full Moon.
2 2 4 5 j S 7. 8 L_
Tiriririiririr g LM j u s a 9r ep>
15 17 IS 13 I 20 t 21 t 22 — — ' — '
1 ; I June 'IS. .
23 24 25 2S | 27 !8 j S3 W New Moon.
Moon's Phases.
mmmm
]¦
I ra First Quarter.
— ¦! 1 ¦& June 23.
Pacific Coast Steamshin Co.
, T\ Steamers leave Broadway
%fc» . Wharf, San Francisco:
EH^»_.^ For Alaskan ports — 11 .-i. m..
j3t$K3*W une 5 - ll) - 20, 23, 30. July
|fti^{S*5S3.A J- Change to company's
j wkSaa^Vq steamers at Seattle.
j hSj^'*!o_jhSI *' or Victoria, Vancouver < B.
i flBH&MCgBnai C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
if Tacoma. Everett. Ana.?or-v«
""¦S53JI an< l New 'Whatcom (Wa»h.i —
11 a. m.. June 5. 10. 13, 20, K. 30.
July 3. and ev*ry fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for thia company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ky.; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
t'»r Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
June 2, 7. 11, 16, 21, 26, July 1. and every flcth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a.m.
For. Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crus.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, ¦ Port H-trfnri
(San Lula ObisDo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San Pe-
dro, 'Newport ('Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 3 a. m. ; steamer Bonita. Tuesdays.
9 a. m. ¦
. For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose d«l
Cabo, Maiatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaytnas (Max.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
! .The comsany reserves the right to chanjre
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. , ' .
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ,
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
¦'O.-R.6L N. CO.
Only 8team»l«lp Xilne to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tbtcets to all
. points, nil rail or *teamshin and rail, at
IjOTVEST Xl-A.'X'XSS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH »ad XEAI&
SS. COLUMBIA.. Sails June 2. 12, 22. July 2, 1J
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails June 7. 17. Zl. July 7. 17. 27
P.W.HITCHCOCK. OeiuAgt.. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL C031PANY.
, - —FOR x
NOME, m. MICHAEL
And All Points on Ynkoa River.
* Sailing Dates Subject to Change.
I From 8an Francisco. 9 From Seattts.
May 25.: S. S. ••PORTLAND .«,
Jun« 1 S. S. "ST. PAUL" Jna» 3
May ZS *S. S. "CONEMAUOH" ...Jra» W
•"CONEUAUGH" carries freight and tt»»
stock. No passengers. O- - . -
For rates ot passage, freight and other par*
tleolars apply to .
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANT.
tS^fifc'- t3S> Sansome at.. San 'Francisco.
I.W. G. M. & T. CO. I
Passenger and Freight Steamer
CHAS. D. LANE. |
iVOME
Sailing 12 noon SUNDAY. 2d. |l
Freight received until noon Saturday; I
- Baggage until 4 p. m. 3j
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO., 667 Market st. g
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW T0HK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0SD0H, PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul... Junel9iSt. Louis July IT
St. Louis... June 26 St. Paul...... August T
St- Paul... JulylOjSt. Louis August 14
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland .'. June 12 Kensington July S
Southwark June 19 'Zeeland July 19
•Vaderland June 26 Friesland July 17
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
• INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS.'D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN' KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
-India, etc. No cargo received I on board on
day of sailing.
SS HONGKONG MARU.Saturday, June 22. 1901
SS'. NIPPON MARU.. ."Wednesday, Jury 17, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. Aug. 10.1901
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
"W. H. AVERT. General Agent. .
HAM BURG- AMERICAN LINE.
. Twin-Screw Express Service-
PLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
F. BISMARCK _ JUNE 6, 10 A. M.
Deutsehland.....June 13 1 Columbia... / Jun« 27
A. Victoria -..June SJIF. Bismarck July 4
Twin-Screw Passsng;r Service.
I PLTMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Patricia June S^Batavia June ' ZX
Waldersee. ..June 13IPennsylvanla...Jun« 23
•Sails to Hamburg direct. '
rJamburg-Amerlcao Line. 3T B'way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO..' General Agents for Pacific*
Coast, 401 California street.
' Af*f*2iiil4> € Q Pa hawa "< 8AMCAi new
wceanicb.s.to.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)..
; ..Saturday. June 8. 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday, June 20, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
....::..""...'. Sunday, June 30. ar4 p. m. '
J. D.SPBECXEU k BROS. CO., Bamral Agents. 327 Harfcst St
Gen'l Passenger Office, 643 Marks! St., risr la. 7. Pacifls St
C0MPAONIS OENEEALS . TBAH3ATLA551QUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^m^
Sailing every* Thursdoy, instead of OTjrgt
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from oier 42, -^3»?feK
North River, foot of Morton • street. La Cham-
pagne, June 8: 'La Lorraine." June 13: 'L'Aqul-
talne. June 20; La Bretnrne, June 27.
- First class to Havre. J35 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 ami upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coa«t
Agents, 5- Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
. "Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PANAMA M.^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. *1OS; Steerage. 940.*
S. S. Leelanaw . sails .Monday, duns - 3
S. 8. Argyll sails Monday, June 24
S.'S. L-elariaw «nils Moniiy, duly 13
From Harrison-street Wharf at 2 p.- m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F, y.' CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION G(L
And CIA SUD AMERICAN A DE VAPOR ES
To - Valoaralsj, : stopping - at Mexican. Central
and' South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street wharf. 12 m. ...
PALENA -. June 71TUCAPEL .....June 27
COLOMBIA ....June 12|AREQUIPA ....July ..
I These steamers are built expressly tor Cen-
tral and ¦ South American passenger service
° <N6< change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight .
and ' passenger of flee. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE ft CO.. Gen. Agents.
-BAY AND SIVEB STEAMZB3.
1 foOTsTnay^^
Steamers' GEN/ FRISBElpr MONTICELLp *
9:4$ ik.I in'.. 3:15 and 3:30 p. m. (except Sun-
day): Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo .7 a. • m.,. 12:3^ noon, 8 p. m. (except .
Sunday): Sunday 7 a. m.. r :15 p. m. Fare 5*
Telephone Main 1503.' HATCH BRO& -
rEBSOXALS.
LKPT on earth— liloca uoisci. itchinz. skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any di«-
*at«e that doctors and old remedies have
tailed. *V> ruarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
Ktne Liniment Medicine Co.. permanently
located 62S Montgomery ft., room 22, third
floor. DRP. KING and JOXES.
A— IK your hair if falling or you are bald, call
«in DR. G. S. MOORR. «K8 Geary ft., and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy Is posi-
tively jruaranteed: preparation s?nt to all
rsrt* of the world: call or eend for circular.
C1GAKETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $5: valuable information for liquor,
mfirt'hln*. opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1SS9 Polk Bt.. Kan Francisco.
A WOMAN on oxhibttlin. old and wrinkled on
one side .if face, cth«r fide made smooth and
youthful by expert specialist In charge. Call
N. Y. Inst. Denr.atoloijy, 103 Klllc. r. 20-21 S. F.
ELECTRIC llpht iu " every room— "Winchester
Kctel, 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms;
•Se to JIM per night; JltS to S6 per week;
free 'bus and bae»ge to end from the' ferry.
SI WEEKLT-Sults to order from wnulne
s.-otch. $15 up; fine Cress suits. S20 up; ele- 1
rent overcoats. ?15 ur>. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market ft., between Seventh and EiKhth.
RELIABLE business man. going East shortly.
will attend to any private business entrusted
to him; reference? If desired. Box 3311. Call.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, winde. three-quarter
or double. «2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-lSi; Stccktrn ft., near Broadway.
WANTED— Home for little r'rl ll~years cM In
nice, religious lamliy. Box 3SI4. Call office.
Ladies" «r.d rents" cast-oft clothing bought and
eold. J. Silverman. 9M Folsom; tel.Foleom 1191.
LADIES' tailor pults made to order; reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50.
MtESt Clothing: Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton: diseases of men only; sanitarium
659* Clay ft., cor. Kearny: consultation free.
EPRIJCG stvlen Standard patterns now ready.
"Pomegtlc" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2U5 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years'exper.
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market et.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores srray
hair to IU natural color; $1: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE cortumw. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ECPEBFLrOl"S hair &n<i •lies destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON*. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAM OTTE'S "French Corn Paint, the beet
corn cure: 25c: all druggists. .¦
__ _•_ | • . : ;^ v. -. _- PtLEs- _ ' \ - . .-¦: - ¦: ;. y:_ : _ _
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst ; many who have suffered 20 to 30 '
years; over fifty names of prominent busi- i
nee? men eent as reference; no chloroform. [
purgf ry or delay from business, and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
cian. box lg.'»0. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
It CAI. ESTATK — CITY FOR SALB.
"WANTED — A etore on Market ctreet, between
Kearny and Stockton. Address by letter only.
E. J. BLISS, Palace Hotel, city.
CORNER store and fiats, rents III... ?5,2C0
6-room modern flat, store below 3,109
Cottage, 5 rooms, modern, built '95 2,500
Two-story 7-room house, big lot 3.600
Pair nearly new flats, well rented. 3,609
Cottage. 6 rooms, bath, cheap 2,100
Corner lot, 2Sxl20. Clement st...... 1.000
" RICHMOND LAND CO., S23 Clement st.
POST-ST. PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Lot couth Bide of Post Et ; sixty-six (66) feet
front: situated between the Crocker building
fend Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
ticulars apply to JAMES ,A. WHITE, room
11. tenth floor, Mi!!s building.
FOR SALE— One lot, 23x100. on north line of
Persia ave.. S3 feet off Mission st. Addrees
THOS. LOUNDS. Battle Mountain, Nev.
NORTH . eide, marine view. Broadway lot;
o*vner groir.g <tw?y: bargain for quick sale.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 616 Market st.
$2500— MODERN house 9 rooms, bath, station-
ary tubs; sun all day; good location; street
work done. 3C3 Bennlngton St., Holly Park.
XV you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on TV. J. GfK.V. 530 California st. -,
IIKAL ESTATE COCXTRY— For Sal*
G. H. f MBSEN & CO'.." 14 Montgomery st
Special barpein — 163 acres near Yuba. City.
Putter Co.. Fhort distance from Marysville; all
under cultivation; all rich valley land; few
beautiful live osk tree*: good buildings; well
watered ar.d well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably an;! is especially adapted
to nsar'y all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
in whele or in part at & very low price.
Also 140 acres, a'.I under cultivation; rich
valley land; goc3 buildings; well fenced; short
distance from Yuba City. Sutter Co.; will be
told in whole or in part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price. 4
The two ebeve pieces ehould be seen, to be
appreciated, ar.d if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for information a bargain
will be given. R. D. BROWNE.
Manager Country Department.
BUT In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
TWO youns men would like to develop a farm
In one of the b»y countieF; willing to pay
taxes or small rental for interest. Box 32C2.
Call office.
RANCHES — Fnflt ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
MARION* GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent. 71S
Market St.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
ecrlblng farms for Bale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write lor
free IlEt. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, tn wrapper for mailing. II per year!
SAITSAL.ITO REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE or for rent— $3&0; just completed^
8-room residence In the choicest part for
view anfl sunshine: every convenience; etrict-
. ly modern and built by day work; $400 cash;
$30 the firet month, payments decreasing
«>Bjph month if desired; lot 60x120 feet. DR
r-RUMPTON, Sausalito. or Albert Wilford,
SOPS Jackson Et.. San Francisco, from 12 to 5.
REAL. ESTATE WAXTED. ~
W ANTED— A lot; $3000 to $3000; north of Mar-
fcet Bt. Box 3265. Call office.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE — Butcher ehop for city or country
real estate; reason, going: to Nome. 3056 16th.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE].
SPECIAL THI8 WEEX.
$t,200 — Modern 2-rtory bouse of 9 rooms; lot
32x170; near Bay and Morton Et. stations;
terms to suit. CHARLES ADAMS St CO.,
Bay etation, Alameda. i
HOUSE— Beautifully furnished; 9 rooms; large
garden and grounds; rented cheap for summer
months. J. Elder Co., 22 Kearny Bt. Elder
Rental Bureau.
FOR SALE— $1500; new modern cottage, 5
rooms, bath and basement; lot 23x100: $200
each, balance £20 per month. J. H. YOUNG,
builder. 1243 Park et.
BERKELEi ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES.
TRADE for city property; a beautiful home;
2-Etory bouse; large grounds; fruit trees;
barn; chicken houses; on main street to unl-
vereity; this property is dear; will exchange
for city property and pay cash difference.
Address H. PLODM.
A bargain; new cottage, 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, stationary tubs brick foundation; high
basement; a block to electric cars and etation; :
price $1400; only $100 caeh, balance same as
rent; $it monthly.
New cottage of 5 rooms, batb pantry, bay-
window; one block to railroad station, street
cars and stores; price $1800; $150 cash, balance
$17 SO monthly. • ' -
Snap; cottage of S rooms, bath, high base-
ment, brick foundation, stationary tubs; large
lot; fruit trees, windmill and tank; well-
kept grounds; good location; price $1S5O;
terma; $250 caeh. 115 monthly.
Take Berkeley train and get off at Lorin
etation ; office west side of > railroad track.
Open Sundays.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
5-ROOM cottage, mantel, bath, stationary
tubs; high basement; street work all done;
price $1200; $100 caeh. balance |14 monthly.
J. R. PERKINS, Lorin Station. Berkeley. . <
FINE large 4-roomed bay-window cottage;- hall:
bath; large, pantry: high basement; sunny
Bide of street; fine well of water; tank ami
windmill; lot 50x100; chicken-house and yard;
2 blocks to station; price Jl«00; terms to suit.
3. R. PERKINS. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
NEW 7-room 2-etory Colonial house: lot 40xlSo;
barnt electric and g-as fixtures; 2 blocks to
station, 1 block to electric -ears; price $1300;
$100 cash, balance $20 monthly. • -
J. R. PERKINS i (formerly Oellerich &
Perkins), Lorin Station, Berkeley.^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
J&CO; near Market Station; 9 rooms;* txtra
'choice residence location; ea»y terms. GEO.
W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
{2500 — EASTLiAKE cottage. 8 rooms; high base-
ment; sunny, side; In the heart of town; easy
term*. GEO; W. AUSTIN & CO., IOCS Broad-
way. Oakland. . *
$1830— FOR sale; a fi-room house. 2-story. 51-
foot frontage: stable; wagon and cowshed;
Ptrcpt work complete; no agents. 1410 .East
Tenth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FJDRMTUKE FOR SALE.
J^i Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
I'.OOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
i EDDY. 939— Floor of 4 ¦ furnished rooms or 2;
! private residence: no children.
: ELLIS, S25— Three furnished rooms, complete,
for housekeeping; gas, bath. .. :
FIFTH, 333«-Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
.$»;: 2 furnished, $10; also single, $4 up. . .
GEARY, S13%— Two or three furnished house-
kecping rooms ; bath, gas range. . . ...
HOWARD. 76U4— Nicely furnished, sunny bay
-.: window suite: kitchen; man and wife;
others; reasonable. .'¦.'¦ .¦•-...-¦ . r:' ¦':':...-:¦::•-:.
LANGTON, SMU—Threa sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family. ''¦ .-J.
MARKET. 1338. near Eighth— 2 front connect-
ing sunny rooms; water; sink; ?15; also un-
. furnished. $12 50. :..''-:
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Large sunny
bay-wlndbw, $10; largt room with kitchen, |13.
POLK. 605— Housekeeping, 2 clean, sunny par-
lors; eas stove; running water: reasonable.
POLK, 1002 — 3 and a room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: $15 up; reference.
SIXTH, 12314— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for light housekeeping; also others, with gas.
STEVENSON, 642— Large sunny front room,
bath, light housekeeping if desired. ¦¦'-.: --¦¦ ).-<
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— 4 sunny,
bay window rooms; nice, neat, complete, j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been .. established at 1093
' Valencia st. '
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN~HOTEL^ S21 Grant ave".— BesTTl"a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach..
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately, as I am -going out of business.
.-UXCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
PCRKETT,- 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1242— An elegantly furnished
1 front sunny bay-window room; strictly pri-
vate family; everything new; . all modern
¦ conveniences.
CLAYTON. *508— TJnf urn.. 3 rms & bath: entire
floor; sunny; nr. Park; Halght or Kills cars.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DENTIST— Sutter, 943— Handsome furnished
bay window; north light; hot and cold water.
EDDY. 106— Nicely furnished sunny suite; also
single room. . •
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Re<J 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FELL. 112— Nice Eunny front room; private
family; rent $6. ¦ .
GALT House. 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 730— Nice light single
hall room for gentleman, $6; bath; private;
German.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1050— Large sunny, well-
furnished room: private family; free telephone.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk St.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn.;
just opened ; strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments: inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
LARKIN. S19'/i— Sunny front room; . s-as, . bath
and phone; private; $S per month.'. ¦¦¦¦,' ,¦:.'¦' ¦',
LOCUST ave.. 125, near McAllister St., off Van
Ne?s ave. — A large, neatly furnished room,
$125 a week. -,:-..-¦• -y;--'. .-:-:¦:!;. >;:.;;. y- ;¦ ¦;•
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
niehed rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1035, above shoe store — Sunny double
and slngl* rooms; month, week., day. ;. .
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
MCALLISTER. 412, room 6— For rent, one
sleeping room; reasonable/ ; ; ;;/'•..-': ;."-'. •;'¦-.:
METROPOLE, 6 Turk. cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 60c to (3 per day. .
MISSION. 581, near Second— Large front room
suitable for two; cheap rent. .
O'FARRELL. af-8unny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 402 — Large sunny corner room;
bay windows; fine view; furnished; reaa'n'ble.
RUSS, 154, off Howard— Sunny single and dou-
ble rooms, $6 up.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and .ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 25c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 26—2 or 3 sunny rooms to let; rea-
sonable.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. 643^-Clean, quiet room for gentleman,
fl a week, with bath; private family.
TURK. 12b6%. near Buchanan — Four nice sun-
ny rooms furnished for housekeeping; $15.
VAN NEBS, 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
WASHINGTON. 1509— Four unfurnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia el.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllnlore.
ROOMS AND BOARD,
AX exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; ppoular rates. 807 California st.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single,
with board.
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel. 718 Valencia St., Mls-
slon warm belt— Good board; fine rooms;
reasonable rates; cars pass the door.
ALMORA Hotel, Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Laa Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
. 3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
SECOND, 523—3 nice front sunny rooms; back
and front parlor, ¦ kitchen, gas range; $14.
THE GAGE, 428 Geary— Nicely furniEhed rooms;
excellent service; board optional; references.
ROOMS WANTED.
THREE or four large sunny unfurnished rooms
with modern conveniences. Address box 3346,
Call office. . ., . •
SAN MATEO BOARD AND ROOMS.
SAN MATEO— Sunny room; 1 or 2 persons;
good family board; reabonable. Box 3292, Call.
SPECIAL' NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected tor $4; collections made:
, city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9>1>; tel. E580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented 12 mo. 145 Sixth st.; phone Mint 16.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-'
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, cold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124:_ 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.-
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movine Co.,-
office Post and Powell sts.; tel.- Main 6713.;
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. • ¦
PACIFIC I Storage and I Furniture Moving: Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore Bt. ;• phone Jackson 28L "
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse,' 840 Mla-
? eion et.; tel. Mint 182L F. W..ZEHFUSS. ¦'
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. '
CHEAT IjXrGAINIS In" TYPEWRITERS— We
Bill better machines for less money than. any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
• Exchange, S36 California: telephone JIafn 266.
CHEAPKST and best In America— The .Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent, to any : address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
IJIVIDEMJ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
'pany, Consolidated— A dividend, No. 30, of
seventy-flve cents (75c) per share on the is-
Euei! capital stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, ' 4C0 California st., San Francisco, on
June 10, 1901 ; transfer books - close . June 3,
1901, at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
. PROPOSALS^ _____ __
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's Office, S6 New Montgomery
Et.. San Francisco. Cal.. May 29, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a." m.. Wednesday,
Jur.e 32, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened, for furnishing S. B. Kersey, Black
Lastling and Buckskin Gauntlets. All to con-
form to standards and specifications; quanti-
ties to be subject 50 per cent ¦ increase if de-
cided upon by this Department. Bids will be
opened for the delivery of the same articles
'¦"'at 'either the San Francisco, Boston, , Chicago
¦ and Philadelphia Depots. Deliveries to com-
.-rence July 1st next, or as soon as practicable
thereafter. . Bidders must state in their pro-
posals the rate and time or delivery, should
contract be awarded to them, and that no
proposition should be made which they are
! not positive that they can . absolutely fulfill.
I Bids upon samples differing from specifica-
tions and samples upon which bids are invited,
will under no circumstances be entertained,
ncr will unguaranteed bids be considered.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. To avoid mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of .the
. articles to be furnished, bidders will carefully
.examine the standard samples and speciflca-
' tions, so that proposals may be submitted by
. them with a full knowledge of what will be
• required. Preference will be given to articles
'". of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (ln-
; eluding in', the price of foreign, production and
-. manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be. given, to. articles : of American
production arid manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the. extent of the consump-
tion raquired by the public service there. The
.United States reserves the right to accept'or
reject any or all proposals'-. or any part .there-
of. Information and. blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed- "Propo-
: sals No. 5212" and addressed to Major OSCAR
F, LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army,. Depot .
Quartermaster. ¦; "¦'¦¦¦ :/. ¦; .,- ¦ r
PROPOSALS.— State Prison supplies.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
clerk at the State Prison, . San Quentin, until
10:30 a. m., Saturday, the loth day of June, 1
1901, and at the office of the clerk at the
State Prison at Fokom, until 9:30 a. m..
¦ Monday, the 17th day of June, 1901, at which
times and places they will be opened in the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering supplies for said prisons, consisting of
subsistence stores, forage, fuel, fuel oil, fur-
: nlshing power: to run the jute mill at San
Quentin, clothing, medicines, lime, cement
and other staple supplies, from July 1, 1901,"
- to June 30, 1902. inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedules, Which will be furnished
upon application at either of the above of-
fices. No bid will be considered unless made
upon said schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the certified check therein required, nor
from any other parties than bona fide dealers
in the classes of articles to be furnished.
Eac-h bidder must accompany his bid with
a certified check upon some well known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to
R. M. Fitzgerald, president - of " the board,
conditioned that the bidder will ; enter . Into
a contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Bids for either prison must
be marked separately. All payments made
on contracts will be paid in. cash or Con-
troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
. low the conditions of the schedules. The
. board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and
: to order any quantity over or under the
amount specified. F. W. REYNOLDS, acting
clerk; R. M. FITZGERALD, president.
BIDS WANTED— Notice ft hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansoiae st.,
Ban Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock r a. m.,
: SATURDAY, June 8. 1901. and opened im-
'. mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarterr
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
July 1, 1901. and ending December 31, 1901.
. Schedules with information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
. plication by the undersigned. Bidders will
.carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It is
.-¦-. In accordance with such schedules. Each bld-
¦¦': der must accompany his bid with a certified
• ; check upon same well-known and responsible
. banking house for at least. 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
. Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
.will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
. . notice of acceptance as required by law. The
. board reperves the right to reject any or all
¦ bids and to order any quantity over or under
.the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
:. of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
¦ fornla. room 13, 320 Sansome st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
.MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Thomas F. Lynch. 25, 32 Chesley street, and
Ellen O'Brien, 24, 533 Linden avenue.
Edward J. Stilson, 24, New Haven, Conn.,
and Bessie Browne, 22, city.
Henry C. Plaus, 26, 1054 Sacramento street,
and Cornelie J. Cnudde, 20, 1034 Sacramento st.
Hermann J. A. Bischoff, 24, 18 Fifth street,
and Anna M. . Mentzen, 21, 18 Fifth street.
John H. Clear, 23, Oakland, and Annie Gran-
dona, 19, West Oakland.
Edward E. N. Beard, 27, 559 Geary street,
and Mattie L. Perry, 25, 702 O'Farrell street.
Charles W. Turner, 34, Crockett, and R. Eva
Dennis, 28, 804 Lyon street. . .
James W. Scott, 33, Pomona, and Grace L
Corwin, 30. 1624 Hyde street.
Thomas P. Bishop. 25, 2309 Washington street,
and Anna B. Voorhies, 23, 2111 California st.
George F. Schwarz, 21. 420 Chestnut Btreet.
and Emma J. Felsel, 18, 1430 O'Farrell street.
' Charles E. Hewitt, 23, 209 Kearny street, and
Maybelle C. Shehan, 20, 30S Tenth street. ~ *
Neal J. McKeon,. 29, Oakland, and Mary I.
Wilson,, 21, city.
' Orla I. Cheyney, 40, Mare Island, and Olga
L. "Bruchman. 22, 209 Flllmore street.
George A. Wlttman, 39, city, and Belle W.
Wheeler, 39, city.
AlfreS J. Zobel, 28, 1309 Pine street, and
Maybelle Getz, . 20, 507 Devisadero street.
John C. Doherty, 31, 2019 Webster street,
and Sarah E. Manuel, 24, Stocktom
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by.
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BORN-.
COHEN— In this city. May 27, 1901, to the wife
. of E. B. Cohen, a son.
HENDERSON— In this city, May 14, 190L to
¦ the wjfe of J. W. Henderson, "a son.
HOWARD— In this city,' ,May 15, 190L to the
wife of O.' M. Howard, a son. '
" DIED.
Arundell, William T. McAleer, Delia
Barker, Almira D. McCabe, Catherine
Dodge, . William W. . , McCarthy, Lucy r-i-
Donne, Richard M. McGovern. ' Jane
Ellard, Thomai Miller, Marie M. '
Fitzgerald. John , Moffat, Annie
Goble/ Nellie Ruddock, . Elizabeth
Goetz, Anna • ' Semeria, Catherine ".'
Hansen, Harold | Sheldon, Adelbert S.
Hart, Bartholomew Stapleton, Mrs. Julia
Hausmann, Carrie A. Umbach, William C. "
Hayden,' James F. P Whitley, Ellen S. .
Hempel, Herman E. Yost, Anton .*
Lilienthal. . Minna . . .
ARUNDELL-^In this city,' May 28, 1901,- Wil-
liam T., beloved husband of -Millie Arundell,
and; father of Chester Arundell, a. natlve.-of
England, aged 44 years 8 months, and 5 days.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend - the • funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from: the Mission
Masonic Temple, 2668 Mission street,' between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, • F.- and
A. -M. Interment Cypress* Lawn Cemetery,
via electric .funeral car. Remains at his late
residence, 3J39 Twenty-third street.
BARKER— In this city, May «Ltl901, Almira
¦D., beloved wife of H. . R. . Barker, and mother
of Albert F. Barker, a native of Whitman
Mass., aged 74 years. (Boston; Mas*., papers
please copy.). •.. . ' . •.
ICT Remains at the parlors of the Western
"Addition Funeral Directors, 2428 , California
street. Notice of funeral hereafter. ' * , .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. '
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. . ¦'-
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. - 20 Fifth ct., opposite Lincoln School. "¦
Telephone " South 80. ; .... '; •.
james mcginn, : ;
Formerly < with '.McGinn • Bros.'.'-, has • opened
new Funeral Parlors at-214<Eddy St., b«t.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. - »,
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS, V:
27. and 29 Fifth st. Tel. -South '1«7.' C'f-'
FUNERAL DIRE0T0R3 ANd EMBALMEai.',
Finest Equipment 'at Moderate "Rates.--"
DODGE— In this- city. May 30. 1901.' "William
"Winslow Dodee, - father- 1 of - William G: and
Henrietta M. -DoJce and Mrs. Pierson Dur-
-brow,- a- native of; New- York. ;( Watertown,
J .N.- Y.. papars please copy.).'..*'
* E?"Funera>- services at the v residence of
; Pierson Dvrrbrow, 2209 ¦ Broderlck street,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
nment private. >-<^ -•* " V
DONNE— In this, city; May 31, : 1901, Richard
M., beloved husband of Mary • Donne, and
loving father of Joseph H.. -Richard J., Mary,
-Margaret, Julia and Alice Donne, . a native
of I Dublin. ¦ Ireland, k aged G4 . years 4 months
and 9 days. ¦ '
ELLARD— In this city,. May 30, 1901, Thomas,
beloved husband of Ellen Ellard, father of
' Hannah, - Qeoree, John' and Nellie ; Ellard,
* and brother-in-law of Frank and Johanna
Cream, a native of the parish of Newtown-
-.. shandrum, County Cork,. Ireland, aged 51
years 3 months and 26 days. . ,
(ETFriends ' and acquaintances are • respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence, 1212 Hampshire street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a , requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
CroE« Cemetery.? , ;¦' : ¦ • .-
FITZGERALD— In this city. May 30. 1901,,
John, beloved' husband of Mary Fitzgerald,
and father of Jeremiah, James, William and
John Fitzgerald, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 72 years and 18 days.
- ETFrlendB' and acauaintances and | mem-,
bers of the Holy Name Sodality are respectr
fully Invited to attend the funeral this ¦ dajr
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2713 Bush street, thence to St.: Djjffei
inlc's Church, where a solemn requiem*mt»'
mass will be celebrated for the reposs of.hin''
¦ ¦ soul.- commenclns at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy. Cross Cemetery.. C'-f^'
GOBLE— In this city, May -31,' 1901, Nellie
; Goble, .beloved wife of J. E: Gobln, and sis-
' ter of Mrs. W. Moore, Mrs. C.Welshons and
- Katie ¦ and Emma Cuff, a native of San
Francisco. ¦ "• ¦ ¦'
IET Funeral Monday, Juno 3, 1901. at 9
o'clock, from the residence of her sister, 1311
Larkin street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a high requiem mass will be
celebrated for. the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at S:SO o'clock.' Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
GOETZ— In Los Gatos. May 29, 1901, Anna
Goetz, beloved wife of Joseph Goetz,' a na-
tive of France, aged 46 years and 6 months.
• ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), afl o'clock, ¦ from her late resi-
dence, 1854 Vallejo street,- thence to the
• French Church of Notre Dame des Victoires,
Bush street, for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. , . . .
HANSEN— In this city, May 31, 1901, Harold,
beloved son < of Niels and Kathrina Hansen,
.and brother of Elsie Hansen. a native of
¦ San Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 27
days. .. :.;• 1
HART— Drowned in Eureka, -.May 19, 1901,
¦ Bartholomew, -beloved son of James and
Mary Hart, 'and brother of Mrs. Rutherford.
Mrs. Lynch, Mrs. Schiller and Michael,
James, Gertie and Lalla Hart, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged . 24 years. ;
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
I of the parents, 406 Bryant street, thence to
St. Rose's Church for services, commencing
at- 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HAUSMANN— In this city, May 31, 1901, Carrie
A., beloved wife of Adolph Hausmann, and
loving mother" of Laurence A., Mabel C. and
Frances 1 E. Hausmann, a native of Akron,
Erie County, New York, aged 32 years 11
months and 25 days. •
IE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully' invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sundiy), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence, 39 Juniper street, off Folsom, between
Tenth and Eleventh. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. " •
HATDEN— In this city. May 31, 1901, James
F., beloved son of Thomas F. and Sara Hay-
den, a native /of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 1 month.
EyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his parents' resi-
dence, 1114 Powell street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. .
HEMPEL— In this city, May 31, 1901, Herman
E. Hempel, beloved husband of Johanne
Hempel, a native of Gelenhausen, Germany,
aged 67 years and 27 days. A member of
Germania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F. ; Wal-
halla Encampment No. 7, I. O. O. F., and
Eureka Grove No. 4. U. A- O. D. t
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 -o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2929 Washington. street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LILIENTHAL— In this city, May 29, 1901,
Minna, dearly beloved ! wife of Ernst Lilien-
thal. and mother of Henry Llllenthal, Mrs."
C. D.' Mangels and Gussie and Minnie E.
Lillv»thal, a native of Mark.' Oldendorf. Ger-
many, aged 48 years 8 months and 24 days.
[DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, front her, late resi-
dence. .1913 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McALEER— In this city, r May 31,- 1901, Delia,
beloved wife of the late Frank McAleer, and
beloved ~ mother of Mary.*" Rose.v James and "
. Agnes McAleer, a native of Ireland, aged 56
years and 2 months.
(CSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her . late resi-
dence, 291 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . . ' . •
McCABE— In Modesto, Cal., May 30. 1901, Cath-
erine McCabe, widow of the late Edward Mc-
Cabe, , and dearly beloved mother of Peter
. Ross, Edward Dennis, Eugene, John, Eliza-
beth, Alexander and Alice Agnes" McCabe, a
native of :lreland, aged 68 years 10 months
and 18 days.' •
MCCARTHY— In this city, May 31, 19oC Lucy,
beloved daughter of T. H. and Sophia Mc-
Carthy, and sist«r • of Mary and Charles T.
McCarthy, a native of Contra Costa County,
Cal.
(C?"Interment In Odd Fellows' Cemetery
to-morrow (Sunday), at* 3 o'clock. ¦. Funeral
at residence of parents, 407A Hyde street..
McGOVERN— In this city, May 31, 1901, Jane,
beloved wife of John McGovern, and mother
of James E.,* John J.. Thomas H.,Leo W.,
Mary J. and Catherine A. McGovern, a na-
tive ot Ireland.' .
E7"The funeral will ! take place Monday,
June 3, 1901, at 10 o'clock, from her late resl-
¦ dence, 2147 Larkin street,- thence to St.
¦ Mary's Cathedral, . where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for. the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment ' Holy Cross Cemetery. . .
MILLER— In this city, May 30, 1901, Marie M.
Miller, beloved wife of Adam Miller. - ¦
• lC?"Funeral to-morrow (Sunday), - at « 2
o'clock, . from her late residence, 2424 Folsom
street,, between Twentieth and Twenty-first.
Interment private.
MOFFAT— In this city, May JL 1901, Annie,
beloved wife of the late James Moffat,
mother of John, James, William and Robert
Moffat, Mrs. J. C. Johnston and Mrs. O. B.
Nelson, and grandmother of James Wynn, a
native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 69
years 1 month and 2 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her • daughter, Mrs. J. C. Johnston, 507
Andover street, near Cortland avenue. In-
terment I.' O. O. F. Cemetery.
RUDDOCK— In this city, May 31. 1901, Eliza-
beth, beloved » wife of A. J. Ruddock, and
daughter of Mrs. E- Chadwick, aged 27 years.
CT" Notice of funeral hereafter. ¦'¦ ¦
SEMERIA— In this city. May 30. ¦ 1901, Cather-
ine, 1 dearly \ beloved wife of the late Joseph
Semeria, and .mother j of the : late Jules M.
Semeria. Henry, Joseph and Clara Semeria
and Mrs.' W. ; Genesy, a native of • France,
aged 63 years. .
(Cy Friends and : acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the
residence of ' her son, Henry Semeria, 628V4
, Green street, thence to Notre Dame des Vic-
toires French Church for services, and thence
by electrio funeral car. Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets, at 2 :45 o' clock for Holy Cross
Cemetery. A solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the | repose of her soul at
said church on Monday, June 3, commencing
at 10 o'clock:. Please omit flowers. .
SHELDON— in this city, May 29, 1901. Adelbert
S. Sheldon, . beloved husband of Mlna Shel-
' don, a native of New York, aged 56 years 7
months and 26 days. "A member of Lincoln
. Post No. I. ' G. ' A. R. :
' (CTFriends and acquaintances . are - respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
..(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy street." Funeral under the
. auspices of Lincoln Post No.^1, G. A. R.
Interment National Cemetery. ...
BTAPLETON— In this city, May 30, 1901, at
her : residence, 3359 Seventeenth street. Mrs.
Julia Stapleton, a native of Queens County,
Ireland. i " . . \ . .
• ETTriends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully- Invited . to attend - a requiem mass' at
Mission Dolores Church this day (Saturday),
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate/ -. ¦.:' •¦"-:. '¦".' : ¦¦¦ ' ."'. " * ..."
UMBACH— In this city. May 31, : 1901, William
r-.c; dearly beloved son of Christ L. , and- Em-
ily. M. Umbach.- and beloved brother of Adele
¦ M-, Lillian ,E. and Gustave G. Umbach, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years 6
months and 21 days. ~ ' . , :¦ .
ICr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock,' from the residence of
: hit parents. 3965. Twenty-fourth street, be-
tween Sanchez and Noe. Interment I. O.' O.
F. - Cemetery, > > " •¦ v .. ,;:.-%-. :•¦ v ..
WHITLEY— In thit city, May 30, 1901, Ellen
• • 8..' dearly beloved wife of : William J. Whit-
¦ leyr daughter . of > Mrs.'/S. "; and" the ? late . E.
;- Hanson, and sister ¦ of Mrs. ' G. - Simmer aJid
Harold "&.* and .Victor Hanson, a . native of
San Francisco." aged 25, years X0< months and
23 days. .: "* ' ¦¦-.-'¦-.' . ". ."¦;.', .- '
inyFriends". and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday)/ at 1 o'clock,- from her late resi-
dence. 1216H Alabama street, . between T wen- *
ty-fourth ¦ and ¦ Twenty-fifth,- thence* to the
First English Lutheran Church. Geary street,
" between Gousrh » and ¦ Octavia, . where services
»' will be held. : commencing at 2 ' o'clock. - ln-
" terment Lauf*l Hill Cemetery.-^ -.---.« _••• .'-{,•
TOST-^-In thisclty, , May 81," 1901, -Anton^Tost.
f • beloved , husband . of Julia ; Yost, and • brother
: of .Albert lYost' and < Mrs. : Cornelia - Tannlan.
a native r of ; San " Francisco,- aged : 39 t years 5
; 'montha 'and-14*. days.': .; ':"¦.">_¦
I , -, |C7Friends'and acquaintances are - respect- •
¦, fully , Invited to attend . the , funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), ,at~2 'o'clock,'; from Metzler's par-
lors, 636 Washington street.' Interment Odd
Fellows'- Cemetery. ¦¦••?",.••¦ -.. - >
';'¦;• CARD OP THANKS.;; : ;
Mr. and Mrs. 3 Max , Cohn " wish to thank
their many friends for their sympathy and
kindness in their hour of bereavement. - - • •
MR. and MRS. MAX ' COHN. ;WIFE AND LITTLE SON OF THE IMPERIAL CHINESE MINISTER' TO' THE UNITED STATES. . : . THE TALENTED
LADY IS EXPECTED TO ARRIVE IN- SAN FRANCISCO TO-DAY. FOR A VISIT. APARTMENTS HAVE BEEN
PREPARED FOR HER AT THE CONSULATE. ¦: " ; ¦¦ ' • '...¦/•.'• '-'"' :?' ¦'. . .:.
San . Francisco two or three weeks. She
probably will wisit various portions of
the -Pacific Coast.- -
San Francisco • Lodge of the United
Moderns ; entertained its '/friends in E the
Shlels building last evening and an en
joyable programme was presented. There
was ' a violin, solo by A. ¦ S. Less; an ad
dress on. the aims: of the Moderns by A
S.. Baker; vocal, solo. Miss Elsie Hunt,
and- a lecture on , "Undo Sam Jr. and
Miss Columbia" by- Harr Wagner of. the
'Western Educational Journal.." Dancing
followed until a late hour.
United Moderns.
President. I>r. F.- G. Fay of Sacramento; first
vice president. "Dr.- P.. L. Hamilton of Chtco;
second .vice president. Dr." J. Harding Mason
of San Francisco ; •'. recording secretary. .Dr. B.
Stetson of Oakland; corresponding secretary.
Dr. H.S.- Turner of Pomona; treasurer, Dr. H.
W. Hunsaker of San Francisco; members of
the board of censors— Dr. J. R. Goodale of Oak
land, Dr. H. Vandre of Ocean "View, Dr. G.
W.. Stout of -.Uklah. Members of State Board
of Examiners— Dr. a.' O. Gere of San Francisco
and- Dr. Lewis A. Pierce of .Long Beach.
The. State EclecUc Medical , Society con
cluded its annual session Thursday with
addresses and the installation of officers.
The society: has progressed rapidly daring
the last . year ¦? and , more u interest was
taken in the regular annual meeting than
ever before. .The following papers were
read yesterday: "Klectro Therapeutics,"
Dr.. Fearnvof Oakland; "The ' Static Ma
chine," Dr. Lamb of San Francisco; "Care
of the Static Machine." Dr. Hamilton of
San Francisco: Criticisms and comments
on the papers were made by Drs. Fierce
Hamilton, Church and Tuckler. •
The ¦- following' > named 6fflers, ; elected
Wednesday, were, installed: . w .- ...
lation of Officers.
With Addresses and Instal-
INTERESTINO ) MEDICAL
;\ ; , TBEATISES ABE BEAD
State • Eclectic . Society Ends Session
/ A large number of invitations have been
issued to prominent people,' and among
those who have accepted are General
Shatter, Major- General r>Jckinson. Gen
eral Warfleld,, Captain Thomas Nerney
of the Naval Militia. . Colonel .Thomas
O'Neil of the First Infantry, Colonel G.
,-W. Brauer, Colonel Long and Colonel
Hall of the United States Quartermaster's
Department, Major Baldwin and Lieuten
ant Wilson. ' ¦ •.'•••• ;• a
The .committee that has charge • of the
arrangements is composed of Colonel F.
W. Sumner, J. . C. : Campbell, AI G. Booth,
H. I). Loveland, R. B. Moore. and C. S.
Benedict., ¦
; California Commandery- No.. 16, Knights
Templar,' -will ¦ hold ,a ' review and drill . in
,the Mechanics' ; Pavilion . to-night, to \ be
tendered to Right Eminent Grand Com
mander McKee. The programme ; will , in
clude a military concert in the early part
of the evening, to be followed by a march
of the battalion ; before the right eminent
grand commander, then a formation by
battalion and the review. Colonel William
Edwards, ¦ past - commander, will-'- be in
command. -That will be followed by a
review to H. I>. Loveland, eminent com
mander . of Golden Gate Commandery.
Then there, will be an exhibition drill by
the. drill corps of the commandery; which
has been practicing for several months to
perfect ~ itself In -all the Intricate evolu
tions of the Templar < display. After that
there will be a dress parade. to Colonel F.
W. Sumner, , past ' commander and past
grand commander- of -the State, after
which there will be a march to colors, to
be followed by a ball. v .
•I'tr.virPT.ik.ytR in > REVIEW
BEFOBE THE COMMAITDEE
Ceremonial Affair by Golden Gate
..Vv^iKnights in the Mechanics'
'Pavilion. '
-With' ¦ the ' Taotai . come - also ' Su ' Shlh
Chin, a bachelor of arts from the Peking
University; and Sleh Sung -Ting.- a law (
graduate of. the University of Tientsin.
Mr. Su la here to study the social condi
tions of the American people and Mr. Sieh
will take a course in English literature at;
Stanford or Berkeley... ,.-
"¦.: Mr. » Loo' has been commissioned by his
Government' to visit the United States and
examine- into It's commercial \ history • and
methods; ¦ with a" view of adopting : what
ever may be good in them -for -the Celes
tial Kingdom. He is a gentleman of fine
education, and 3ays that < his Government
entertains • very friendly > f eelingrs toward
the United . States ' for the unselnsh action
of ; this Government during the recent Chi
nese troubles. - ,
¦. ':. A high dignitary of the Chinese Empire
was . landed - yesterday 1 from the | City | of
Peking In the person of Loo Chin An,. who
Is a Taotai, or deputy commissioner of
commerce.' , . - T^^iSt
One of Them; a Taotai, Who
Will Study the Commerce
of America.
I * ' ¦ " '¦ -. : " ¦ - ¦ " ' ¦
Three; Notable Scholars
I.-*-. Arrive on the
CHINA SENDS HER
BEST MEN HERE
Iv" Verik- cures' Piles.- or toOreward." 1 For
sale by, all. druggists. '¦ i .•,
-¦- # »-"i-., ¦¦->;: •,¦¦¦-.-- ,^ -.'...'¦.'¦ i, •;';•:. ;¦ ,
The only. route. having throughrsleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed "at 1 Salt
Lake'City. For full information' ask L.
M. Fletcher. 212 ' California street. -.-> - • . -.
"The Missouri'" Pacific- limited."
Garden ; Party t f or : Charity.
' A' garden • party? for >"the ; benefit '-. of I th'a
Presbyterian | Orphanage will • B be R given '
this afternoon'' in • the grounds j surround
ing tho. residence -of 'A. W. ; Foster in ; San
Rafael. In , addition ) to , a'* programme ' In
which Miss .' Cummlngs,'- Miss •Fern.-. Mr. 1 .
Balknaves; -". Miss ." Bowen, ', r. Dr.*, .Wilson.
Shields and-arnumber, of . ; Chinese.tots
from j the Presbyterian Mission ¦ will • par
ticipate s there will be a ; battle ; of flowers',
hay: rides and ' other features. - The ladies
having the affair, in charge purpose taking
the 12:35 and 1:50 boats to San Rafael...-.; - •
ICews has been received In this. city of
the death - in OakvIUe, Napa County, . a
few days since of Robert Leo Robson,
son of the late Putnam Robson, prominent
In the early history of Ban Francisco. Mr.
t Robson, who was 27 years of age, was de
formed by reason of an accident he -met
with -when but two years of age, but
despite this he grew up to be a bright
nisu. and he -formed a large circle of
friends, who sympathize with his mother,
Mrs. 'William Duval, and his brother,
Jetee W. Robson. "
Death of Eobert Lee Eobson.
. .The* t newl board "of directors t of. the'-Mer
chants' •Associatlorij held ; a, meeting ' yes'-'
terday for the purpose^ of permanently or
ganizing- 'and -electing; officers. ::'¦* All 'the
neiwly,"dected ; : directors; excepting ."W. . J.'
DiittoiT, /"who" is v at ', present J .ln " the'. East,'
. inV* attendance, r TheVf ollowlhg / offl-.
*cers. 'who ' will ; serve J during i the ' ensuing
,term, were; unanimously;. elected:,- Presi
dent,^ Frank - J. . Symmes : ; flrstT vice presi
dent,-^ CJharles 'iBuncischu; second * vice
president. -' Andrew-' M.x Davis; ; treasurer,
1 0.~: D. ;* Baldwin; { The "4, secretary, ; superin
tendent -and.;- other./ employes.'} who »¦ held
under -the preceding -hoard were continued
In • office.* >- Three >. of -the- retiring" directors."
F.^W.^Pohrmann.'A.^S.'. 4 Baldwin, and
i Hugo Rothschild .were present.-*
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION^
» v . , ELECTS NEW, O1TFICER3
Board; of . Directors Completes' Perma
nent Organization and' Prepares
• ri?.*-^ * for Business.
"Ella Wilier Wheelcox" Is an interest
liigr and amuslnp contributor to this
•week's News Letter. The "Looker On"
department contains more than the usual
nun»ber of bright and witty stories about
\reli known people around town, and the
"Town Crier" wields a stinging- lash. Edi
torially It is learned and timely. Mrs.
Ohauncey De Wit has another entertain
ing and gossipy fashion column, telling
what is worn and who is wearing: it, and
the society column contains all the latest
goselp about the doings and movements
of th£ smart set- The insurance and finan
cial columns are up to their usual stan
dard of excellence and reliability. Robert
McTavlsh contributes another lot of
tright local vignettes. Lady Algy reveals
some more social secrets in her column.*
Ta-Day*s News Letter.
The -Weather 1 Bureau "officials predict
that there will be no cessation in the heat
for a week or two at least, and that. there
will In general be an increase in the tem
perature. The change is welcome to the
agricultural - portion - of i the interior, ¦; as • it'
will be beneficial • to ¦ the crops after i the
recent rains, s :¦ '...».. .:••.,
I The coolest place • in . California was I out
at Point ' Reyes, I where i the thermometer
registered. 55- degrees. .. No «: rain 1 was*re
ported anywhere in this section; 'and 1 the"
probability * is that ithere. will , be none; for.
some time to coma.": './-V' '?,¦...-> i.;. -.-. ,
In Sacramento and , along the San Joa
quin -.Valley the- temperature * reached .' a
maximum of 94 degrees. : In ' the northern
j>art of the State the weather was warmer
than usual, -but tho heat was'not'exces
sive. Throughout £ the . , Interior - of ; - the
State, the change was, very, sudden* and
the ¦ heat ¦ intense. \ .- ( . • '.. ;.;.<*"'
One day .ahead 'of schedule tlnie,; Sum
mer: arrived yesterday, and, according'to
the -officials of the Weather Bureau; 'the:
figns are. that : the /warmth which /herald-.'
ed, her; appearance ¦ will , continue for sev
eral days i to come. ..The day was the^hot
teet of theyear throughout the State*.- In ]
this > city ' the * thermometer ' mounted V onlyj
to 80 degrees, although the sudden, change
from -'the winds and chill ¦ of • the ¦ last : few
weeks. made; it > appear much* warmer. . i .
Heat /Throughout ;. Genr
• fral-CalifbrniavIs^^;
Intense. * l
SUMMER MAKES
SUDDEN DEBUT
Madame Wu .visited in San' Francisco;
nearly four years ago. when her, husband,
was "on his way to take up his duties at.
Washington. At ; : that - time : she > spoke
English ,' but .indifferently." Now.', she
speaks it with ' great fluency, and enter-'
tains extensively : in . Washington
thte aid of an interpreter.". ¦-;¦ >."'".¦ ''¦
'Madame Wu is very popular 'in diplo
matic circles in Washington, and her re
ceptions ¦ are largely attended. : : ,\
dents will tender her an ¦ Informal recep
tion.: . .-:.¦ . ¦¦:.,;¦ ¦:•..- • -.¦ ¦ ! • . .i. '. ;|
The suit to permanently prevent . the
present Board of • . Fire ¦ Commissioners
from holding an election under a- new set
of by-laws prepared and adopted by them
for the guidance of the mutual aid society
and from Interfering with the society; In
any shape or form was set for- trial by
consent on July. 15. •• . . .
Secretary J. W. McCarthy, of. the .Board
of Fire Commissioners : was cited to "ap
pear for contempt of court. The court is
sued a restraining, order prohibiting, the
Fire Commissioners and • their officials
from conducting or proceeding in any .way
to held an election of officers 'of the so-;
ciety. On April 29, in accordance with a
circular issued by Secretary • McCarthy,
Michael Cunnlffe. a clerk in the office of
the board," received certain ballots .. in ¦ a
ballot-box from members of the depart
ment, and for thi6 McCarthy was charged
with contempt of the court's order.- . .
McCarthy was called upon to explain
his conduct. He disclaimed any. Intention
of violating the order of . the .court -and
j>aid he acted under the advice , of Com
missioner McKlnstry. .The Judge . held
him guilty of . technically committing
contempt of court, and in the circum
stances fined him $1, which was paid in to
court. • . ¦ .¦; : •% ¦: ' ¦
For the third • time Judge Cook yester
day denied a motion made by or on be
half of the present Board of Fire Com
missioners , to Inspect the -books -of. the
Fire ¦ Department Mutual Aid Society
after argument by Attorney Lennon 'on
behalf of George F." Maxwell, the . former
secretary of the.board, and Fire Commis
sioner McKlnstry for the petitioners. -,:
Another. Step . ; in Fight
to Control Fire Aid
i
MAXWELL AGAIN
SCORES POINT
ry-boat on which the party, will cross the
bay arrives at the ferry depot, the party
will enter carriages and -be driven to the
Chinese Consulate at 806 ; Stockton street,
where apartments .have .been prepared
for Madame Wu and her suite, and where
she will reside during her stay .in San
Francisco. • -• ¦ • " ; '
Ttrere will be no formal receptions for
the Minister's wife, but after » Madame
Wu has rested from j the " fatigue: of -the
trip across the country, the Chinese resi-
Mrs. , Chad wick / said yesterday that • it
was not true, .. as published^ that- her
daughter had frequent quarrels with her
husband, and was indignant j that such
statements had • been printed. ¦•• She said
Mrs. ': Ruddock .was ; a victim -of insomnia.
Mrs Parramore. a sister of Mrs. Rud
dock, residing af Mill Valley, was terribly
shocked on • hearing . of - her. sister's death,
Mrs. Parramore > scouted * the . idea of sui
cide and corroborated, her mother in say
ing that . Mrs. , Ruddock was ¦ a victim ,. of
sleeplessness. '.•¦¦¦" .-.:': *-'.-.¦¦ ' -¦-•-*
"I had my sister with me at Mill .Valley
recently," "; said Mrs." Parramore, "and
begged her . not .to \ use drugs to induce
sleep. I have seen her take a white, clear
liquid when she could not sleep..? I advised
her to take long, walks, but she said exer
cise, did not make "her c sleep. ." She had
everything to make her happy ;and never
complained of trouble with her husband."
The bottle ; of laudamlm found by -the
side of ; Mrs."; Ruddock ¦ was - purchased r a
few days ago at a. drug 1 store, on the cor
ner, of Post and Jones streets.-.. "
pursuits. • • • . - . — :« •
Mrs. Ruddock spent Memorial day with
her mother, Mrs. CChadwick', who lives
on a Seventh . avenue '-¦ between ? I / arid . J
streets. Mrs?" Ruddock visited "the grave
of a dead Bister, and her mother said yes
terday that she was In a. cheerful frame
of mind when she left the house" at night
to return to her own home. Ruddock says
that he retired shortly before midnight
and that when' his wife returned she went
to an adjoining room. to sleep.. _•. ,
At 7:30 a. m. yesterday Mrs. Glbbs, a
lodger in Ruddock's house, hears heavy
breathing in- Mrs. Ruddock's room. She
entered and found, the occupant of .the
room in a comatose condition. Ruddock
was notified and- he at once sent f or ; Dr.
Massey. who ordered Mrs.* Ruddock re
moved to* the -Emergency Hospital. . Drs.
Malaby and Millar worked over Mrs. Rud
dock, but without avail; and she died at
12:45 p. m. ¦- '
ingr with her husband at '720 Leavenworth
street, -was found : yesterday moraine in
her ' room suffering from the, effects of
laudanum poisoning and died-a few hours
later in the | City Receiving Hospital. In
vestigation % showed that the unfortunate
woman did* not commit suicide, but was
the victim. of an overdose of the poison
taken for the purpose of inducing sleep.
Andrew Ruddock,* the husband of the
dead woman, was formerly an officer in
the National Guard, and was recently en
gaged in business 4 as a plumber at $25 Sut
ter street. He sold out his business- a
month ago in order to " engage in other
nursuits. • • ¦ - -
Laudanum.
Mrs. A- J. Ruddock, 26 years old, resld-
Mi-s. A. J. Ruddock Dies
From Effects J of-
POISON CAUSES
ETERNAL SLEEP
A rising vote of thanks -was tendered
him, and Secretary Rosenberg was in
structed to request a continuance of the
Bishop's labors on the same line. '
So far $1625 has been collected for the
strike benefit fund. Of this $1100 has been
disbursed to the metal polishers, $100- to
the bakery - wagon drivers and 550, spe
cially donated, to the cooks and waiters.
Reports were received that two addi
tional restaurants had been unionized.
L. Wallensteln of the Retail Clerks*
Association was elected to the executive
committee. The following were elected
to fill vacancies on the organizing com
mittee: J. J. Calish, Charles Cabanskl,
J. C. Lane. J. J. O'Brien, J. Gallagher.
A. M. Osla, TT. M- Carter and John
Harper.
Two new unions affiliated— the Lead
workers' Union, with George A. Frlck as
delegate and James Elliott as alternate,
and the Brotherhood of Painters, Deco
rators and Paperhangers, with N. C.
Anderson as representatU'es. ,
Fifth— It is Idle to ignore the marks of firm
ness I find on both sides, or to underestimate
the existence of sharp and deep issues Involved,
that amount to world-wide century problems.
But I may add that the attempt to meet the
duty laid upon me ha« b«-en received with ln
terept. candor and courtesy. There seems to be
en a!l sides what I venture to call an awe of
what the present situation may lead to. bating
*ven the breath of bitterness. There Is Insight
becemiTK? clearer and calmer into the underly
ing nefd for what might be defined — to use a
phrase c* diclomacy — a more "scientific fron
tier" between the rights and responsibilities of
lab^r on- the one hand and the rights and re-
FponEibiHties of capital on the other hand.
These are some of the imprecsions of the local
Fituatlon at any rate, which do not permit me
to abandon the hope that even If not opportune
at the present stage of affairs, a frank face to
face conference of a few entitled to speak for
cither filde may yet find place and occasion. If
so It might lead to the threshing out of some
of the serious questions by taking- counsel to
gether, rather than the threshing them out
through widespread common catastrophe.
Tours very truly. WILLIAM F. NICHOLS.
Fourth — The result, to my own mind, after
Feme deliberation upon all that has come to me,
and with a profound wish and prayer that some
expedient might be found to avoid a woeful In
dustrial Tvar. Is that the calling of such a con
vention does not promise to be opportune at the
Third— I have given all the time at my dis
posal to personal interviews v.-lth those espe
cially informed as to the existing local and gen
eral alignment of the questions In dispute.
Second — I have endeavored to feel the way to
ruch a call by flret ascertaining whether it
would be practicable to get together both from
employers and employes a small number of citi
zen* competent to speak as Individuals, though
not meeting- in any formal representative way.
To the Executive Committee of the Ban Fran
cloeo Labor Council— Gentlemen: The duty
placed upon me by your unanimous request has
had my earnest attention and I beg: leave to
report :
First— The request es I understood It was to
"call a convention" to "discuss matters now In
dispute" or take such "steps as might lead to
the calling of such convention."
One of the interesting features of the
meeting last night of the San Francisco
Labor Council was the manner In which
the representatives of the various trade
unions received a letter from Right Rev.
William Ford Nichols. Bishop of the Pro
testant Episcopal church.
Bishcp Nichols had been selected to act
as mediator between employer and em
ploye, and in the following letter details
the result of his experiences:
Bishop's Room;, Diocesan House,
731 California street,
SAJC FRAN" CISCO. May 30, W01.
Strike Conditions May Be
Amicably Adjusted.
Has Hot Yet Abandoned Hope That
BISHOP NICHOLS WBJTES .
ABOUT TTTS BBCENT-'WOBK
Manager Kruttschnltt accompanies
President Hays on his tour of inspection.
H© will point out the needed Improve
ments along the road.
H. E. Fitzhugh of the old Vermont
road, who came here to fill the position
as assistant to Hays, left Wednesday
night for Portland. Or. He will doubtless
remain in the metropolis of the north, for
several days and secure a good line on the
business and people before returning.
This will be the first official visit of Hays
to Portland and Fitzhugh no doubt will
offer suggestions and give him advice
when he thinks it Is expedient.
RATVT 2TEWJEA3T QUITS BUSINESS.
Doors of .His Ticket Brokerage Office
Are Closed for Good. .
Bamuel Newman, ticket broker, -who
conducted an office at 634 Market • street,
has retired from the scalping buslnes. i
The ticket-brokerage business has been
a pretty disastrous venture for Newman
and his friends. It is claimed that he and
Chris Buckley, who was a partner In the
business, have lost close upon 57000 In the
past two years.
Ticket scalping is not a very lucra
tive business In San Francisco just at
present, owing to the low rates that the
Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe offer
and because of the precautions that the
corporations take to suppress the selling
of scalper's tickets.
About two months ago Mike Welch,
who was employed as a clerk for New
man, became Involved In financial diffi
culties. Newman had to make the dis
crepancies good and all his enthusiasm
in the scalping business vanished. New
man soon after this occurred stated that
he would retire from business,! and he
kept his word.
be expected, but the new president does
not do business that way. President
Hays Informed General Manager Krutt-
Bchltt yesterday that he was going to
Portland, Ore., that he would Inspect the
road all the -way up, and that a special
train must be ready In quick order.
Then there was bustle around the build
ing. Orders were given for two private
cars to be ready at the Oakland mole,
typewriting machines were hastily pack
ed, dress suit cases were rushed Into the
railroad building by panting messenger
boys, and In a short time everything was
In readiness.
Incidentally Inspect the northern road, on
hla way there, * / .
In the old days circulars were- issued In
forming the officials when a visit was to
Unexpectedly Decides to
Make Tour of In
; spection. . .
Manager Kruttsohnitt Goes
With Him to Give In
formation.
Great excitement prevailed In the "yel
low building" early yesterday morning,
awing to President Hays' Budden de
cision that he would visit Portland and
HAYS HURRIES
TO PORTLAND
THE SAN FRA^CISGO S ATUKDAT; JUNE 1^1901.
Talented Wife of the Imperial "Minister WmTlngrFang Is;Due to A^|
rive From Washington Vat Noon, To-D^---She Will Be Enter
tained at the Consulate? During H^p^isit^-in 1 This Gity.
MADAME WU TO BE THE GUEST
OF CHINESE OF SAN FRANCISCO
1 Though Madame Wu wears the cos-.
; tume •, of the women of ' her •¦ country, she
••' • has adopted many of , the European hab
• lts of, life. The apartments prepared for;
her at the ¦¦¦ Consulate are f urnished en-'
1 tlrely In European , fashion. - - * - >
Madame Wu • Is accompanied by a feec
". retary : and • ¦ two servants. -.- Her - son,'
- .twelve years old, remained in Washing
ton at school. The trip was undertaken
1 purely for recreation and the pleasures
•of .travel, and Madame WuMnay 'be In
M. ADAME WU, the wife of ; Wu
Ting Fang, Imperial Chinese
Minister to the United States,
, will arrive in San Francisco
to-day about noon. For prob
ably two weeks she w«ll be the guest of
Chinese residents of this city. < ¦ ' .
Ho Tow, the Chinese Consul General,
will meet Madame Wu at the Sixteenth
street station in Oakland. When the fer-
'•
14
pcJacli^i^^ROS 15c Pair,
2 BIG SPECIALS
Fromy Each Department, Gut! to About
¦¦¦ : Z t ¦ : • Half Their Regular Price J^|
;/ TODAY QNLY m'
*'. WOMEN 1 SXHAMBRAT-'wAisTS,. tucked '1" ''\\kl~L . : 1 ii "i' •"
Women's Hosiery.
; WOMsiN'S- WHITER imDIA LINEN
:.." -WAISTS, i front of ;all.over WhlteArab- WHITE-FOOT ,HOSB aPSS' 20C
V Ian Lace, " tucked '-back. ' blahop aleeves; VJ.,. . - ', -- : i " JS5B "• ? P^f* .-¦*y> .
; T *L75^ quality. .To-day.... '-. firi-fk fi •'%TiM?If?i^ ; « 1 I o FA ST -BLACK. , FUJAj
'-•.••.:.':.:.........¦...-.....;.....•. Ol«UU ; ' - f?, NI ? HE ? HOSE. - double heel and- toe;
•^.•»:h ;.->-.,-.•:.•/• :-' -¦ : °"y- 5 Pair to each customer; .lf|/>
. CHILDREN'S WHITE LAWN DRESSES,' . paIr --: ••••••••••"...'.-:.:...:.;:. IUC
-• embroidered; yoke^/fteck, .sleeves and '"WOMEN'S LONG SLEEVES 'knITOJN-
.'Bklrt^* trimmed, with ¦.'¦ embroidery '¦' and • ¦ DER VESTS - medtan wetrtt- i i-
.".-5* y i «.y!': nl PK:: 65c .. < J u^ lt y--' To -.39c s-'^!«>ri??"^:ll5c>
'.::V.^- : vi'v"V.";:":^; ¦"••.""•;•••.; ., : .., : , CHILDRE^-S SELF-FITTING VESTS, '
V CHILDREN* S ':¦:'¦ WHITE PIQUE COATS - - ' , ant V or ; drawers ; .. sizes :, 16 : to ; 34 ; r sold '
.; OR '."JACKETS." three-quarter, or full. ' elsewhere 40c. To-day, one price- Q Sf* <
¦-.<¦ lenjrth.-; trimmed '.with, 1 wide embroidery; - r. for any 'size.. ......:.............., -jCtJy
$2.25,quallty.,.To-daj-........; g|jOK . iWOBCmi;s sVbLack "• SKIRT S ; ; , accordeon '
¦.„•••••:";•,••••"•-••"•••••;••,• 5P " *"" - ! : P'. a «ed ; ; Jl.OO^-quality. -: To-day., fklflc
"i Tour ; ..'- > : choice of : all J our $3.B0 quality . _J^"_^V'.";'"'--v- > :v-.';-v';vr - . #- *;: PV_
¦WHITE PIQUE,' CAPES. vjt OQK"' V .^OMEN'S -/ WHITE j • SKIRTS.. flounc«
.•To-day.......................... (PAiOU ,,' tucked v and w trimmed with "double rows
•. - ¦ • .- - - 'i : ; • :'-.-,: ;;Ot linen lace and Insertion; $1.50 QOv
-To-day's, price, for" our* $1.25 Corseta.' all • ? quality. To-day...... ...;......... \ l/OC
;''¦ .makes .v and - shapes. : ; ' . ¦ : .. '
:.¦ our^^p Fr^h cortet,.. toe Ribbon Bargains,
¦'¦¦' -,.-„'. ;¦••-•- ¦' '"''"¦'' . ¦ -,-• " - -.!" ¦*,< price' 35c-^^^To-day.'ij yard. 1... :...*'¦ 1*7 w,"
;. 1^^^' 0^^ 0^ 1^ 860^ '. Ha verplaced -ori'Vouf, Ribbon 'Counter .-'ilir
¦ -S% DR Si,-" .^ K = 15C . <°, ur - 20c --Quality :, ; LUSTRE, TAFFETA"
• NETS; : each... ;: ....... ............. *">'/ RIBBON; ..rail . bright v- colors. " ir|r"
i' FoVany " of our 75c CHILDREN' S Q <V >? To-day. ; yard ; . ... . . ; . . ... . . . ; ........ I V.H-
;.- ; POKE'BONNETS: air sizes.:... UUV ; ". R/-» • Tard .for "all '^SILJCIIOIRK : TAJ"- :•
tiV •" " ' ,,. i; -"-'I '¦", "¦¦ - . - ; -VW..rETAs ;RIBBON, 3; Inches -wide In'
;"' W ?,c' ai £ s £ llll ?5. t 0^^—':: . , <_¦ . reds, .plnks.r turquoise. ; blue; and raals;
Embroldleries l for,.....-. v . v ....../.5c regular.) price. 12%c; per; yard.' Y - ¦¦':
i^OTILD^Sail INFANTS' WEAR ::
.^;eS^^^:^:^::::;^. , vi'd^^elV ; Ia t^ 1 re ?^ sent * d ' ln : to^
'•WOMEN'S .WRAPPERS,' all sizes er fi n : ; Just t received a iiew i line " of .." SUMMER*-
:>'.;* and colors./ To-day... :..."......:. tJ^vrw:. >' VEILINGS. . ¦'¦.*„ '-.,'-:•': ...
Wl'RE OPEN THjS EVENING JUNTIUI O'CLOCK.
t~ t • '¦ f-, •*. ¦¦-¦¦ rr .BETWEEN TAYLOR; AND JOIVES. -.-".:. '- '".'V
, Hale-.. , I - - . Hal^a.
; A REMARKABLE tFFER/NGTOrDAr OF 'ggr
Children^ ;^I|»^d^ati.: :
'. We study 'children's: hats as we.-do women's.' :,We have competent trim-'
me'rs who . give them . their exclusive time. . :S6; .-,. important are they J that
we have given up an entire section of the millinery salon to them. The styles
are^ simple, pretty, effective. . The materials ' are": all 'the best and substantially
put on. . - ¦-• ¦¦ ,
As an incentive for.tb-day's buying prices are reduced fully a half: .
$1.25 for hats that were regularly §2.5O.
$1.50 fop hats that were regularly $3 apd $4.
> $2.f>0 for hats that were pe^ularly $5 and $6.
You know we are closing out our workroom -materials. The hats hare
all -been recently made. • ".
Chi Id's Percale Dresses 50c .
And other extra values f op to-day's selling.
. .They are ruffled down the front and -trimmed with insertion— come in
pretty, pinks, blues and lavenders— ages 4 to 14 years.
Child's Pepcale Dresses 75c.
In plnk, % blue and . lavender— front trftnmed! with "embroidery, yoks and collar
trimmed with ruffles and feather-edged braid— ages 4 to 14 years.
Child's Lawn Dresses 95c.
In ; pretty figures and • made with ruffles over shoulders and down front and back,
which are - edged with embroidery— tho front of yoke is pleated and trimmed with
a row of Insertion— the colors are light and dark blue audflhey come In sizes from
6 to 14 years. ,
Fancy '.'Silk Mesh Veilines 75c.
,Set off with chenille,^velvet and- self dots,; also fancy London meshes with
velvet dots.' All these are in black. Along with them are white Brussels net
with black silk embroidered dots, also fancy, gray mixes, 75c yard.
Chiffon Veiliners— With chenille and Tuxedo Meshes— With silk Persian
silk' embroidered dots in white, black, dots and combination Complexion VeiT-
- blue, brown andwhlte with black dots.. Ing at 50c a yard.
Black . Brussels Nets— ln_ plain ¦ and dotted.' U J "' *•.*,. i >i »
Ladies Manicu ring 25c
And Gentlemeri?s 5Oc.
" Our manicuring department oh the mezzanine floor is splendidly and Itct-
uriously' equipped. Only artists are in attendance and only sterilized toilet arti-
cles are used. ' ;
Of course. If you want your hair dressed, shampooed or treated, private rooms
are quite handy. - -, • . • .
Hudnut's Almond Meal 25c.
So Cleansing, So Beautifying, It's Become
a Great Favorite.
As a bleacher, it has no peer. "The dingiest, skin yields after a time to
its cleansing. properties. No cosmetic acknowledged as hygienic or claims
so many devotees among. the fair sex as this one. It's made from the pure
• flour of sweet almonds,- delicately suggestive of violets, freshly picked. Comes
in glass jars, with sprinkler tops.
Boyal Hudnutine Toilet Water 75c — 4-oz. bottle. ; >!ii; i
.' Essence of Le Trefle Incarnate 75c oz. — a" famous perfume. *^
Market f &Sh /iy /&gk>Q<^!sZ I Opposite
Street, neat* IM/ /JL' <&&<^&^ *£?$>¦ Golden Gate
Sixth. I Js/^^Goo — good**^^ ' Avenue.
V^^^^^ * 63
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND WEDNESDAY
FAIRBANKS' GOLD DUST, 3-Ib pkg.. . .'lac
Special barg-ain. , Regular 20c.
SAN JOSE JAMS, glass jar 10c
Blackberry. Quince. Cherrlea.
Limit 6 Jars. Regular 20c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .32£o
Our Butter gales have- increased our trade
-and made friends.
Regular . 40c.
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, satiare.30c
Now Is the time to have your butter packed
for winter. Market will advance.' Res. 35c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen — ...20c
"Gathered dally. Reg:. . 22%c. ; . «
C0GN4C, JAS. HENNSSSY'S 3 STAR. $1.75
. Imported. Reg. ' $2 IS.
KIPPERED HERRING, large can 20c
I Imported from. Scotland. Reg. 2Sc > : -
MOCHA' and JAVA, Our Best -COFFEE, Ib.25c
By special request. Regf. 33c ,
IMPORTED SARDINES. 3 , cans ...... .25c
Fla« brand. Regr. 12^c
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKEY, gallon. .$2.50
Regular $3.50.
NEW. SEASON'S, TEAS, lb. . . .\ . . ; . . .40s
: Six kinds. Reg. 60c and 75c lb.
MACAROiSI, . SPAGHETTI, box . . . . 20c
-Vermicelli. Regular 23c'
BEST EASTERN L. Bros. ' Brand HAMS . 13!c
Special. Regular 13c -'¦
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes .'. . . . 25c
tf'.t Fine white. Reg. 4 cakes 2Sc.
PORT and SHERRY, qnart bottXo. . . . . .25c
Flv«: years old. Reg. 40c.
SINGAPOR PINEAPPLE,- Sliced. . . . . . .15c
Xew arrival. Rey. 23c.
GHIRARDELU'S COCOA, |-lb ca'n . .... 20c
'• Reg-. 25c can.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, 1-Ib can. . .40c
.;Beff.-15c.
Mackerel, in Tomato, in Mnstard Sance . 12^
- Res.. 20c can.
OUR* COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
'¦%'} Can take advaatasa ¦ ot. these "«pedal"
. sales. W« ship free of ' charge within 100
. miles, on all orders exceeding JS. Ask for
1 . monthly price lists— free, a
1348-1334 Market* Street,
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. r No Branch Store*.
I f . SAME SHAPE ]¦
JssTWO QUALITIES^/B
rnSlS WKiJ>KNOWj!r AND RKLIABLE OLD .
I Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free.
Over20years>xper<eiice.Termn reasonable. Hoars. I
9to3daily;8:30toa.30ev'g<».Sunday!»,10tb 12. Consul*
tationfreeandsacredl7Confldenttol.Canoraddxesa -
; P. ROSCOE McXULTY.'M*D. ":
2G l A Kearny St.. San Franrincc. CaJ-
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year