McKINLEY MAKES TRIP TO SAN JOSE
AND TO DAY BECOMES GUEST OF CITY
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY; MAY 14, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 165.
WATCH FOR SIGNAL OF START OF PAI^DE AN^
rrrHE Call has arranged, with the approval of the executive committed in charge of ppepapationsfop the McKinley reception, to give signal from the I
J| dome of the Glaus Spreckels building the instant the column escorting President McKinley st^Pte streets this afternoon.
The Presidential train will arrive at 3:40 p. m. and the parade will move as soon as ; possible^ Watchers in the dome will be informed by direct wire
when command is given by the Grand Marshal, General Warfield, for the^ start to be made. The flag on the staff surmounting the dome will be unfurled,
bombs will be exploded and day rockets sent up. Owners of mills, factories, steamships, tugs, etc., are requested to arrange to have whistles blown,
and the general public is asked to make any contemplated demonstrations at that time,^ in hbnorof the coming of the President of the United States.
PROGRAMME TO BE FOLLOWED,
AS MRS. McKINLEY IS BETTER
MRS. McKINLEY'S health has considerably improved
since her arrival in this city. On Sunday night she slept
soundly and yesterday the reports of the doctors were
so cheering that the President left his wife for a few hours and
made a hurried trip to San Jose. During his absence Mrs.
McKinley slept uninterruptedly. The felon on Mrs. McKin
ley's hand is rapidly healing, and it is hoped that she will be in
a normal state of health in a few days. The President will
take part in all the events in San Francisco scheduled; com
mencing witri to-day.
EVENTS UPON THE PROGRAMME
OF TO-DAY'S DEMONSTRATION
TO-DAY'S programme is as follows: 3:40 p. m. — Presi
dent's arrival, Third and Townsend streets depot. 3:50
p. m.— T-Parade.starts; signal given from dome of The
Call building. Line of march— Third street to Market, to
Montgomery, to .Bush, to Kearny, to Market, to Van Ness
avenue, countermarching to pass reviewing stand on west side
of avenue, be'tween Sutter and Post streets. 6 p. m.^ — President
dines, Scott residence, Clay and Laguna streets. 6:30 p. m.—
Reception . committee meets, California Hotel. 7 p. m: — Es
cort calls at Scott residence to conduct President to ferry de
pot, via Van Ness avenue and street. Illumination and
fireworks. 8 p. m.— Public reception, nave of ferry depot.
SNAPSHOT TAKEN OF PRESIDENT. McKINLET AT TWENTT-FIFTH^AND ; VALENCIA i STREETS , AS HE WAS '
DEPARTING FOR HIS HURRIED TRIP TO SAN JOSE- YESTERDAY.^; ¦PHOTOGRAPHED BY A'MEMBER OF
THE CALL, ART STAFF. i . 'V ' '¦ \.' : •" '' ( : " • '¦ [ " : ;, :;.; -' /.;.. '. ;:; ' /¦ . . \ -^X-
¦ Continued on Second Pago.
She stated that she had seen many Presi
dents since "the.* time : of Jackson and
would be happy;if : she could Just see' the
car in which President McKinley traveled.'
The old lady' not" only saw the car.: but
v.*as allowed to stand where the President
would pass within . a . few, feet of her 'as
he walked toward- his carriage - and- she
cheered as lustily, as, the robust lads of
the Mission, * who ! gathered ! in force to see
the President- returnrto San Francisco.
Quick Trip From San. Jose.
. rne special tram made a • remarkably
fast_ run from San Jose, the trip occupy
. ing . just • one - hour. : The "shrill whistle of -
the locomotive heralded the approach of
President ¦'-¦ McKinley "and ; a few "' minutei,
.before 5; p. m. the \ special; train with its :
.: precious burden "drew, into "the depot.'.
As on his departure President McKinley",
received . a perfect ovation -and \his ? face
"was .wreathed, in. smiles as' he "; walked : to
his carriage. ; ,¦"¦.- ;'.-,.' ••¦•¦; ¦-¦:
¦ The Bpectacleyof. the; carriage: guarded
'- mounted - - police '¦¦: passing ; through \ the
streets ; is °" now -becoming f a'< familiar ;*one
to 'the • citizens. '{ Sunday ! thousands : were
in f ignorance of, the' identity of 'the Oc
cupant r of the. carriage so closely; guarded.
Yesterday the sight' of .the galloplng'polico'
; officers and ' the! carriage / In i their, 7 midst
• produced 'on'air sides, the cry, VTheregbea
lithe President!" v. There "were .thousands
Continued on Second Page.
who added to that cry, "God bless
and ' preserve . him 'and his wife V.
:~The Scott; residence was. reached at 5:20
p. | m.' and ' again the ; President , was given
any ovation by a crowd of sightseers. He
did '{ not i attempt -i to.; 'is top .-.the cheers for
fear ; disturbing] his , wife. ¦; During ; his',
absence ¦ he : had { received . hourly reports
by : direct wire as to the condition of Mrs.
McKinley, .{ the \ last ' report • reaching him
at the .Valencia 1 street' depot. >
President Eecognizes Children. '
; A-- scSS^or more "of ' children who had
gathered ; on : the -opposite side of the
i street were made • supremely . happy ;by a
special recognition .' when : : the President
stepped I from ': his carriage. : Th£ children
were • : waving « small: American flags : ; and
cheering as loudly aj they possibly could.':
The, President 'gave one wave of his hat
to : ,the crowd? of men , and women who
stood < in 'another direction ¦ from -the chil
dren.-but, to\the little. ones he repeatedly
waved '. his right ' hand, 'carrying his ;hai;
and also saluted the children with his left
hand. .. ; „¦-- . \ - ' ' .'
f The' cheering news received by the Pres-'
' ident ; . during ; his ; absence : that; Mrs. '\ Me-.
V Klnley "; was. improving ;had a 'marked , ef
fect i upon him.' Sunday ;"whe"h he 'arrived
with : Mrs. , McKinley the President \ looked
wan -'and .'.tired. 1 .' -Yesterday (when re
- turned to • the house where Mrs." McKinlav
derous cheering almost drowning the
noise of the. locomotive as it gained head
way for a fast run of fifty odd miles.
During the absenqe of President McKin
ley from the .Scott residence absolute
quietude reigned in : and out of the house.
A special telegraph wire runs into the res
idence, and the click * of the instrument
told of official. business that even the ab
sence, of the :. President or illness in his
family cannot; stop.
Dressed In new ;' uniform, Prentice O."
Courtemanche, substitute postal carrier;
proudly: carried ' the" "mall ¦ of ,the President
of the United States Into the Scott resi
dence. Courtemancheis but a lad.Vbut ¦ he
was selected by Postmaster, Montague for
the responsible^work.' He makes six round
trips a day:from;the ferry postal station
to the President's. temporary home in this
city. .. ; ' ...
In some way the public learned that tho
President : would y- return from i San Jose
within a'few hours of his "departure and
the approach -.to 'the -depot : at Valencia
street ; soon became crowded ; in all direc
tions. The admirable police arrangements,
and ttte good; behavior "of the public have;
so far, ' resulted! in perfect order.' being
maintained . on" the arrival .' and .departure
of the President. One old lady who ; was :
at the' Valencia . street.; depot 'yesterday
begged , the police . ofiicers , to allow , her . to
get - even ; a glimpse ' of the special ' traini
\ ,- ¦ ¦ •
was resting he looked the picture of
health and had -the expression of a man
who felt happy. As the President passed
from his carriage, followed by his friends,
he had a kindly. nod for the.pollce and de
tective guards. . It was not the acknowl
edgment of respect to the President of the
United States; it was the thanks of a lov
ing husband to the men ¦who were watch
ing over the safety and comfort of his
wife. -v
As soon • as - the President . entered
the . Scott • residence he went to , his
wife's room. As he entered the
the trained nurse in; attendance softly,
whispered to him that Mrs. McKinley had
slept uninterruptedly since his departure.
At that instant Mrs. McKinley awoke,
and the nurse left the room, leaving the
President alone with his wife.
Mrs. McKinley's Health.
Private Secretary Cortelyou received a
representative of The Call shortly after
the return from San Jose.
"Mrs. McKlnley, is much better," said
Secretary Cortelyou, "and she is improv
ing as rapidly as the doctors expect. "The
rest -is "doing her considerable good and
her hand is healing in good shape. Re
garding the programme for to-morrow,
th<? v - President will go to Palo Alto and
Burlingame in the morning and arrive in
San Francisco in the afternoon, unless
there is a change In Mrs/ McKinley's con
dition or a request is made by Mrs. Mc-
Kinley that the President remain with
her. The President; is much relieved by
the improvement in Mrs. • McKinley's
health. He will not decide as to the trip
for to-morrow until the last^moment, but
will take the same steps as he did to-day.
The President is deeply touched by ¦ the
sympathy of the people of San , Francisco,
and he hopes to ta^ce part in the original
programme of events commencing to-mor
row afternoon.*,'.
With the return of the President to San
Francisco to-day his .flag will be raised
from - the flagstaff in front ;of the Scott
residence. -All , over the city yesterday
the' Stars and .Stripes were flying from
house-tops. In the parkr facing the Scott
residence, Old Glory floated from the flag
pole, .and the/Jiouses in the vicinity dis
played'the nationalemblem. ¦- At the Scott
residence,, however, no flag was \ raised
from, the 'flag-pole In front of the house,
the ! President .¦ requesting that this step
should oe deferred on account of Mrs. Mc-
President to San Jose, while Mrs. Morse
remained at the Scott residence.
Cranks Turned Back by Guards.
From early morn till late at night a
crowd of sightseers loitered In Tront of
the temporary home of the nation's select
ed head. The police and detective guards
had a few cranks to deal with, some of
whom had 1 all kinds of quack nostrums to
offer to Mrs. McKinley. Needless to say
that the intruders werd not allowed to ap
proach the house.
A tiny little girl, with long blonde tress
es, asked to be allowed to pass the police
lines and her request was gratified. She
carried in her hand a bunch of exquisite
roses and said that she wanted to give
them to the President and Mrs. McKinley.
The little one was kindly received at the
house, and came away with sparkling
eyes and proud face.
At 1 p. m. President McKinley left the
Scott residence for his trip to San Jose.
He walked to his carriage with George*
E. Morse and was followed by Henry T.
Scott and Private Secretary Cortelyou.
The President checked the cheering of
the crowd in the vicinity of his carriage
by waving his hand.' With a clatter of
hoofs the mounted police escort formed
on each side of the President's carriage
and the start was made for the depot.
Chief of Police Sullivan and Captain
"Wittman drove ahead of the carriage, and
behind came carriages bearing Secret Ser
vice Agent Foster, the President's per
sonal bodyguard, lqcal detectives and po
lice officers.
President Cheered En Boute.
The sight of the closely guarded car
riage attracted attention all along the
route to the depot. Electric and cable
cars ' stopped, while their occupants
cheered the President Windows were
flung up and residents on the streets trav
ersed tendered welcome to San Francis
co's distinguished visitor.
The depot at Valencia street was
reached at 1:25. A force of police officers
kept the crowds at a respectful 'distance
from the platform, where the President's
train was waiting. A loud .burst of cheer
ing greeted President" McKinley as he
stepped from his : carriage and mounted
the steps of his car, "Olympia." Louder
and louder grew the cheers, and the Pres
ident, with beaming, happy countenance,
•waved his hat in acknowledgment of the
reception. Two minutes after the Presi
dent had stepped from . his carriage J the
train was on its ; way to San Jose,' thun-
By W. F\ Burke,
Staff Correspondent of The CalL
SAN JOSE, ilay 13.— Although It •
was for but a few minutes the
President's visit to San Jose waa
an event in the history of the .
city and one that will live long.
The President at 2:40; at
3:30 he was on his way back to the city:
but in the Intervening time there had
been a riotous, heartfelt, demonstration
which left the town in an uproar that
has not yet subsided., V-
In her reception dress the city i3
like some stolen arc of a rainbow.
It is not that the bunting flares in
the wind with hues unusually bril
liant and In quantity overstepping
previous display, nor is it In any
profusion or originality of decoration, but
It is in the combination of the carnival
red and gold mingling with the national
colors and the whole framed in a setting
of greensward, roofed with a sky as blue
as the sea and warmed in the light of. a
never failing sun. It is no trouble to dec
orate the city, for It needs but a palm
branch, flowers, a yard or so of bunting
and then all the summer dresses on tha
street. ' . .
Brilliant Night Spectacle.
It was at night, however, that the town
looked Its- best, for when the lights in tha
streets began to flash and the Chinese lan
terns to shine like glow worms among the
trees; when the air was filled with the
fragrance of flowers and soft music; when
the houses were alight at every window
and the streets were filled with a gay and
careless crowd, then the city caught the
carnival spirit and, filled with the excite
ment of the afternoon, began a festival
that promises to be the best of all.
The President came down from the city
after half-past 2, and as his car rolled in
from the north the remainder of the train
that contains the* other 1 members of his
party drew in from the south, and the en
gines met in the depot. The President and
the Cabinet officers alighted and the Sec
retaries at once paid their compliments to
the President and joined him on his way
to his carriage. The depot was crowded,
the streets outside were crowded and far
up the slant were more crowds on side
walk and roads, on steps and porches. In
windows and doors, all catching the cheer
that started at the station when the Presi
dent entered his carriage, it running up
the street ahead of him like a grass flra
before the wind. ' n
Tiny Flags Wave Welcome.
Up First street from the depot 2000
school children, each with a flag to wave,
were drawn up in line and they did wave
the little flags until the small arms ached
and they cheered and cheered until tha
small Voices cracked and the small
throats were dry. Then they Joined the
people, who broke into the street and fol
lowed the 'last carriage up to the grand
Btand.
, The President was greeted at the jrand
PRESIDENT McKINLE Y will
make his official entry into San
Francisco this afternoon, ac
companied by the members of
his Cabinet. The metropolis of
the Golden State will tender a
¦welcome to the chief of 'the nation that
¦will live long in the memory of all -who
take part in it.
In the event of the President deciding
this morning that he -will not visit Palo
Alto and Burlingame to-day, he will this
afternoon proceed a few miles beyond
the city limits, in his private car, and
join the special train carrying the mem
bers of the Cabinet. From that time on
the official programme will be carried
out as announced.
At a late hour last evening Private Sec
retary Cortelyou stated that the Presi
dent would decide this morning as to
i visiting Palo Alto and Burlingame. The
President considers that San Francisco
Is the most important point in his trip
on the Pacific Coast and is most anxious
that nothing should delay the details of
the programme as arranged.
Regarding Mrs. McKlnley's condition
Secretary Cortelyou at midnight gave out
the following bulletin:
"Mrs. McKinley's physicians reported
to-night that their patient has passed a
more comfortable day than she has had
for several days past."
The marked improvement in the health
of Mrs. McKinley enabled the President
to make a flying trip to San Jose yester
day afternoon. In the space of four hours
and a half. President McKinley traveled
to San Jose, took part in the festivities
there and returned to the side of his wife.
Early yesterday morning it was report
ed at the Scott residence that Mrs. Mc-
Kinley had passed a comfortable night,
and the reassuring statements made by
Doctors Rixey and HIrschfelder on Sun
day night gave the President an opportu
nity to enjoy a well-earned repose. , ;
At 9 a. m. Mrs. McKinley awoke, and
her own words to the President were such
as to encourage the carrying out of the
programme of a visit to San Jose. The
President, however, decided to await the
coming of Dr. Hirschfelder and hear the
result of the consultation with Dr. Rixey.
Shortly before noon, the consulting phys
ician arrived at the house, and remained
.about a Quarter of an hour. As soon as
the doctors had informed the President of
the favorable condition of Mrs. McKinley
the President informed his private secre
tary that he would depart for San Jcse
at 1 p. m.
Word was sent to the railroad company,
and the President's special train was
placed in readiness at the Valencia street
depot
A profusion of flowers was sent to the
Scott residence for Mrs. MeKlnley yes
terday morning. The Park Commission
ers decorated the porch of the house with
splendid specimens of rhododendrons, and
cut flowers galore were received.
. Many ladles called at the residence and
left their'cards.^ but the only visitors ad
mitted were Mr. and Mrs* George E.
Morse. Mr. Morse later accompanied the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.In Wonder San Jose s Distinguished Guest Gazes at the Giant
l| Nosegay Presented to Him for Mrs,. McKinley as the
Offering of the Progressive Ladies bf
V Santa. Clara County. >
PRESIDENT VIEWS A DAZZLING DISPLAY OF FLORAL WEALTH IN THE GARDEN CITY;
CABINET PARTY IS ENTERTAINED IN SANTA CRUZ AND AT THE FAMED TREES
McKINLEY PAYS VISIT TO SftS JOSE
Continued From First Page.
McKINLEY WELL BECOME GUEST
Both these regiments have seen hard
service and to be welcomed home to their
native land by the President would be a
nttinc honor and a just tribute to their
loyalty.
on beard. President McKinley was made
acquainted with the expected arrival of
the troops Sunday night by General Shat
ter, and he immediately expressed a de
sire to see the regiments as soon after
their arrival as possible.
The Sheridan is due here Thursday with
the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth regiments
If the transport Sheridan arrives on
time the troops on board of her will have
the distinction of belnjc welcomed by the
Ohief Magistrate of the country for
Which they have battled so long and well.
Kinley's illness, and also because his offi
cial residence there does not begin until
this evening.
Time •was pressing so the party was
driven to the station, where a special train
was waiting: to take the visitors to the
redwood eroves near Felton. The news
paper men of the party were put into car
riages and were driven to the grove over
the beautiful mountain road that leads
thither.
At the grove the young ladies of the
high school had laid a table with sand
wiches and cake and wine and lemonade —
a rustic luncheon in a most romantic spot
— and after the trees had been seen and
wondered at they were thoroughly en
joved and quickly disposed of.
For most of the party it was a first ex
perience in the redwoods, and for all the
prove and the ride thither were new bits
of scenery. The visitors walked around the
grizzly old giants, patted their rough and
rugged trunks, stuck knives into the bark
and, craning their necks, looked far up to
the sparse an3 dull green foliage, that,
like a shock of hoary hair, hid their
crests.
Pictures wer<» taken and souvenirs were
gathered. The Iree in the trunk of which
Oeneral Fremont Hved and was comfort
able was pointed out, and all questions
were answered. *c,-v
The ride back was taken quickly, and
•when the special train drew into the sta
tion U stoppe-l next to the Presidential
train, svnd the party stepped from one to
tne otner and ¦were away, while the crowd
cheered lustily.
It was a most hospitable reception, and
doubly so when the President's absence
end the deep disappointment it caused
are rememberei. It was a quiet one, how
ever, but the people were glad to show
their good feeling, for it was unbounded.
An elegant paintinar of the big trees was
to have been presented to the President
this morning at the big trees, but when
It was learned he was not coming the
painting was placed in his special car.
The painting is a scene in the big tree
prove and is a bear.tiful work of art. It
Is panel-ehape, 28x15. and painted In oil,
the work of F. L«. Heath. It was in a
heavy gold frame. The gift was from the
city of Santa Cruz.
Off to the Giant Redwoods.
bearer of bad news.
I suppose the telegraph has anticipated
me and that you have already learned that
the President was not able to come here to
meet you this morning. Mrs. McKinley's
health, which is not at any time what her
friends would desire, was so bad yesterday
that the President thought it best to pro
ceed directly to San Francisco, where she
might have the care she required.
Our own inclination would have been
to have the President with us eo that you
should not be disappointed. It was the
President who desired that we should come
to you and express his regret at being; un
able to meet you and to thank you for
the greeting you have prepared for him.
Bver since the President left Washing
ton he has been greeted with these mani
festations of regard and esteem from his
fellow countrymen, but that which bas
been most pleasing to him is the manl
< festatlon of loyalty and the patriotism
which has .been displayed by the people of
«very State through 'which he has passed.
I will not delay you longer than to say
how much we ehare your disappointment
In the absence of the President.
* • '.
SAXTA CRUZ. May 13.— It was a
bitter disappointment to the Sea
side City to-day when the people
learned that the President would
not be with them. It was
said at flr*t that he would
be here; then this was contradicted
and then changed back again, until no
one knew just what to expect. It was
not until every one had alighted from
the President's train and It was
found that Mr. McKinley was not among
them that the people gave up hope.
There were carriages "galore" at the
station, and a band and the Santa Cruz
division of the Naval Militia.
The sailors kept the line at the sta
tion, escorted the party up Pacific avenue
to the courthouse, again stood guard
around the carriages, and, whea that duty
was done, boarded the special train that
took the party to and from the grove of
redwood giants, and did sentry duty
whenever necessary — and they did it well.
The division was under command of Lieu
tenant Gradie Doyle.
The school children had been gathered
from all parts of the county, and, looking
their prfjfiest. they lined up along the
street anr threw flowers at the members
of the party and waved flags in their
faces as they passed on.
Hay Speaks for His Chief.
Secretary Hay and Mrs. Hay and Major
J. P. Parker rode in the leading carriage.
The parade went along Pacific avenue to
Cooper, where the courthouse stands, and
there it halted while Mayor Parker made
a short address of welcome. At the con
clusion of Mayor Parker's words Secre
tary Hay arose In his carriage and replied
briefly. Said he:
Ladies and Gentlemen— I appear before
you this morning In the most ungracious
attitude in which a human being can pre
sent himself to his friends — that is as the
We saw at Redlands the other day that
they sprinkled their streets with oil, and
we discovered the next day that they bored
for it at Los Angeles and got it. (Laugh
ter.) Really there is nothing that you have
not got here.,' We have met your people — '
your brave men and -women — we have met
the pioneers who builded and founded this
State, we have met all conditions of peo-r
pie, and wherever we have gone we have
seen smiling, happy and contented faces
and have heard the cheers of the school
Mr. Mayor; My Fellow Citizens— "We have
had many warm and generous greetings as
we have Journeyed from the Potomac to
the Pacific slope, but none, have been more
Interesting, more generous and more mem
orable than the one which the people of
Santa Clara County and of San Jose accord
us to-day. (Great applause.) I observe that
I face not only this multitude of Ameri
cans, but . I face the headquarters of a
thousand old Ohioans, who. with my other
fellow citizens, give us welcome. We are
all proud of our States, and well we may
be, whether we come from the North or
whether we come from the South. "We are
proud of our birthplace and of our State
citizenship; but above all we rejoice in the
great nation, the glory, of Its achievements.
In the flag which represents liberty and
law, and the constitution of the nation that
shelters us all. (Applause.) |
We have seen everything In California;
we have eaten of your fruits- and your
fishes; we have tasted the perfumes of your
flowers; we have visited the ancient mis
sion churches where the altar of religion
was first raised and whose chimes have
sounded through the centuries their mes
sage of hope and benediction; we have
heard dashing waves of your ocean,
we have felt the sunshine— and we have
been tanned somewhat by. its rays (laugh
ter), but we have all the time felt the
warm touch of your hearts.
Mr. McKinley's Happy Speech.
Mayor Martin delivered the address of
welcome. The cheers broke forth again
when the President stepped forward to re
ply. Said he:
Mr. McKinley for some time marveled
at the wealth of flowers, for there was a
tremendous pile of ihem, reaching twen
ty-five feet up Into the trees and showing
all the colors that paint the gardens and
the hillsides. There were roses, sweet
peas, lilies wild and cultivated, carna
tions of every shade, geraniums of gor
geous red and pure white and a hundred
other blossoms lending their luster and
sweetness to the great heap of prettiness.
The President was then escorted to the
grand stand, end as he stepped to the
front rail and stood among. his secretaries
and the members of his party a mighty
cheer arose and shook the buildings, for
at last the people could look upon the
face of the nation's chief.
The grand stand was decorated in the
national colors and the red and gold of
the carnival. It stood on the side of First
street and at the edge of St. James Park,
and from where he spoke the President
looked over to the courthouse, where the
steps were covered with people and .the
great pillars standing before the entrance
were festooned with garlands of green,
dotted with brilliant blossoms. And in
front of the Hall of Records, j adjoining,
was as great a concourse.
President Gazes in Wonder.
stand by Charles J. Martin, the Mayor of
San Jose, who led him into St. James
Park to where the huge "ladies' bouquet"
was standing under the trees. Mrs. E. O.
Smith, president of the Women's Club of
San Jose, presented the great pyramid of
flowers to the President, and then Miss
Irene Campbell recited an original poem
in which in pretty rhyme and meter she
greeted the President in the name of the
Garden City. ;.>:-
Prayers were offered and words of sym- j
pathy were uttered for Mrs. McKinley by
the Methodist ministers at! their meeting
yesterday.. A committee was appointed to
draw > up - resolutions -, of ; respect to- the,.
President and Governor Nash and they [
will be presented to them? to-day by Rev.
John- Stephens and Rev. S. D..Hutsin
piller. .The resolutions express the be3t
wishes for their welfare during their
visit.- They also ; trust ; that the distin
guished visitors will have a safe journey
to their homes. The kindest sympathy is
also expressed for Mis. McKinley. in her
sickness and it is fci'e earnest prayer of
the. preachers that she recover her health
and strength. '
After | a , general discussion it 1 was de
cided that the Methodist ministers- would
Unite with other denominations in holding
a union revival meeting 1 under the leader
ship of .' Dr. Wilbur Chapman. Chaplain
Collier of the United States army," who Ja ,
here as a member > of "•-* Governor Nash's
staff, addressed Che meetins as did also
Dr. Lindley of Boston, - ~ : ;
Dr. Clark's book on Missions was the I
topic 'of discussion at the weekly: meeting:
of the- Baptist 'ministers yesterday. ¦ Dr. -
Baldwin of Alameda led the debate, .which "
was participated' in "by many preachers. 7
Rev. 1 : John Sampson' of -Manchester, Eng- j
land,- read" an: interesting paper before; the I
Congregational ministers yesterday.
Ministers Pray for Her
Health and Hope She
Will Soon Be Better
SYMPATHY FOR
MRS. McKINLEY
The reception of the. Missouri Society of
California to Secretary, of the Interior
Hitchcock on Friday evening is to be held
In, the parlors of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association ; building, at Ellis- and
Mason streets. The Missouriaris.: have
been working most industriously, arid
while they will respect thefrr distinguished
guest's wishes to the extent of making the
function? informal in character there will
be nothing. left; undone that taste and in
dustry can supply.
An, orchestra has been engaged and
lights refreshments will be served.' There
will be some words of greeting and of wel
come and some special numbers that will
add materially to .the evening's pleasure:
A pleasant surprise awaits i the Secretary
in, the shape of a silver-mounted cut' glass
loving-cup," appropriately engraved: This
will be presented , to ; Secretary : Hitchcock
at the above reception. > ¦.¦¦¦¦',. * - •' v -.-'¦ •
; A committee of ladies from the Missouri
Missouri Society of Cali
fornia to Honor the Sec
retary of the Interior
RECEPTION FOR
CABINET MEMBER
at the Vendome, where the grand ball
was' in progress and in the Courthouse,
where the local Ohio Society received and
entertained Governor Nash of Ohio, his
party and the visiting Congressmen from
the Buckeye State. • • /
To-day was but the beginning of the
carnival— a taste of the great floral show,
that will be held to-morrow. The floral
parade, with more than forty magnificent
floats, will ¦ start | at —9 promptly. The
whole county has been preparing for this
for months and the tons of blooms used
in the floats/decorations and arches are
tut a tithe of the floral resources of the
neighborhood; When the procession
threads its way through the bower-lined
streets thousands of visitors will be here.
In the afternoon tbere will be a band
concert in St. James Park and bicycle and
automobile races at Cyclers' Park. 'The
bicycles and "autos" will form an illum
inated parade in the evening, ending with
a ball by the wheelmen. Roncouvleri'a
Band bill give a concert at the Hotel Ven
dome grounds In the evening. ¦• ¦ ¦
. On Wednesday evening the city will be
given over to Rex and his followers.
Society have decorated the rooms at the
Palace Hotel to be occupied by the Secre
tary and his daughter, California fruits
and flowers -being the principal features.
The parlors of the Young Men's Christian
Association building are also undergoing
a fairy like transformation and will be a
veritable fairyland by Friday evening.
A committee from , the society, headed
by the president, Eugene A. Bridgford,
will I call upon the Secretary and Miss i
Hitchcock at the Palace Hotel and escort [
them in carriages to the ; Young Men's •
Christian Association - parlors, where he
will find an enthusiastic ' assemblage of *
former Mlssouvians ready to . extend s to
him an old-fashioned Missouri greeting. I
MEMBERS OF THE SANTA CRUZ RECEPTION COMMITTEE AND
SNAPSHOTS OF SOME OP THE PRESIDENTIAL PARTY IN THE
SEASIDE CITY AND AT THE BIG TREES.
This ended the ceremonies, at the grand
stand, and then the President and his peo
ple were escorted to their carriages agraln
and were driven throuRh the city. The
President did ¦ not go far, ' however,' for
after riding with the party for a few
blocks his carriage dropped out • of the
line and he was driven to : the station.
His -car "was ready, and without further
demonstration he entered it and was
"whirled away.
San Jose expected more of a visit from,
the President, but, in view of circum
stances, the people have tried to be con
tent and they have succeeded in making
the remainder of the party- feel at homo
and well satisfied. The officers of the Cab
inet continued on the drive after the Pres
ident parted from them and were;shown
the sights- in the vicinity of >the town.
They saw the Lick Observatory - from a
distance; they drove through the orchards
and fields and to Santa Clara, and there
they stopped while Father Kenna spoke
a few words • of welcome.. The students
were drawn up in line and cheered Uhe
party; lustily. The grounds and; buildings
of the University- of the Pacific -were vis
ited and then the party returned to the
Hotel Vendome, where the .visitors are
stopping. ... \ ; - ;.):'¦' . ¦
- To-night was a ; time * of merry-making
never Blood in the way of our development
and expansion. That instrument seems al
most to have been Inspired to carry for
ward the holy mission of liberty. , It seems
not to have been made alone for those who
framed it and their successors, but for all
ages and for mankind. That instrument
stands to-day almost as it left the : hands
of Its framers. Few amendments have been
added, and those have only been to enlarge
the priceless blessings of liberty and free
government to the' people, and no amend
ment can ever be made to the constitution
of this country that will curtail the su
preme and sovereign power, of the people.
(Great applause.) We have lived under It
for 125 years, In storm and In sunshine, In
war within and war without, amidst pas
sions and tumult, and after a century and
a quarter that great Instrument stands un
sullied by a single lapse or principle. (Ap
plause.)
To us, my fellow citizens, young and old,
the preservation of that constitution Is
committed. It is a sacred Instrument and
it Is a sacred trust given to- us to see to
It that It Is preserved in all Its virtue and
vigor to be passed along to the generations
yet to come. Glorious constitution, glor
ious Union, glorious flagl^ Seventy-five mil
lions of people stand together as they have
never stood before to defend them all. (En
thusiastic applause.) .'¦'.¦ ".. .
They -say we have not yet been received
In California for we have not reached San
Francisco. (Laughter and great applause.)
My fellow citizens, I want to say that we
have never had greater receptions than' we
have received In this glorious State, and
we have not yet reached its metropolis.
(Applause.) I thank you with all my heart
for this | splendid greeting. All my •¦ asso
ciates appreciate It, as I do. and I cannot
refrain from saying • In this public place
that this great pyramid of flowers is larger
than anything we have seen anywhere else.
(Great applause' and cheers.)
Takes Early Departure.
children from one end of this State to\the
other. .
Here I am greeted In this, the first capi
tal under your constitution— a constitution
that dedicated the Territory of California
to liberty and union forever (great ap
plause)—whose people asked and were ad
mitted Into the union of States and re
ceived the protection of the Federal constl
stltution, and from that hour until now the
people of California have been loyal to the
Government and to Its every Interest. (En
thusiastic applause.) In peace or in war
you have been faithful.
We live, my fellow citizens, under a con
stitution that was made for four millions
of people, and yet It has proved quite ade
quate for seventy-five millions of people.
(ApplaHse.) It has embraced within It
every national duty and purpose and has
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L. TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1907.
2
Continued from First Page.
If You Have Rheumatism
Benfl no money, but ¦writeDr.Shoop.Raclne.WIs .
box iZl.tor six bcttlfs of Dr. Shoop*s Rheumatic
Cuie eic.cuid. If cured pay$5.S0. If not, it is free*
The & illi! orvly
f| 0j\\ ' Every week the Flat Brim Golf Hat vft$*»S Jjjl
o, vV '<> '- becomes more popular — looks as if it is ''•'*?^^7 •/$ sal
B^*/: going to be the only soft hat this '' '^Sl
,y> summer. Well, we are prepared to supply the demand—* : Ajjf|
B M '^/ # prepared to offer a regular $2.50 value for $1.05 — we ?>5j g
X' ; sell at clothiers' profits, not hatters'; colors are black, yfi IS
_V' cedar, pearl, steel, blue pearl and otter. . /'& If
W Out-of-town orders filled— write us. t.% f|
fc.- 718 iMa^et Street. •'''*! H[guests at the home of S. F. Lieb, were
given a tally-ho ride about the suburbs
this morning and then taken to Quito
farm. They expressed great surprise at
the mile after mile of well kept orchards,
and said they had "seen nothing to com
pare with them in all their travels. An
Italian breakfast was partaken of at
Quito Farm, and the party returned to
Campbell and took a special train to the
big trees.
The Congressional party was taken In
hand by the local Buckeyes and given
a drive through the prettiest part of
the Santa Clara Valley. The start was
made from the hotels Vendome and St.
James. Out through the Willows and the
orchards of tha£ district to Campbell the
party was driven. A short stop was made
at Campbell, and here the Ohioans of
that place welcomed the visitors. Quito
Olive Farm was the next stop and under
the direction of : B. E. Goodrich, the pro
prietor, an Italian breakfast was served
the Ohioans. This feast was purely of
California products and the outing, which
was in the nature of a picnic, was great
ly enjoyed. Each guest was presented
with souviners in the shape of a small
basket containing a package of prune3
and a bottle of olive oil, grown on the
farm. The party then returned to Camp
bell, where part of them took train for
the Santa Cruz big trees. The rest of the
party returned to this city about noon.
OHIO'S GOVERNOR
RETURNS TO CITY
Executive and Staff Much
Pleased With Their Visit
to Santa Glara Valley
Governor Nash and staff arrived at the
Palace from San Jose last night shortly
after 11 o'clock. The party left the Garden
City at 9:30 p. m. and immediately after
arriving at the hotel went to their rooms
for a much needed rest.
The entire party is loud In its praise
of the beautiful scenery in and about San
Jose.
"The trip." said Private Secretary Sink,
"was an Ideal one. Governor Nash and
several of the party were taken for a
drive to the Big Trees in the Santa Cruz
Mountains in a tally-ho which was han
dled by an English gentleman, Mr. F. M.
Coope, In excellent style. We rounded
curves and went at breakneck speed
down steep grades in real 'days-of-old'
style. We enjoyed the trip immensely."
Governor Nash and staff will bo the
guests of Governor Gage and his staff this
morning. A trip around the bay has
been planned for the entertainment of the
visitinsr executive and his staff and the
ladies in the party.
The entire forenoon will be taken u;> by
the bay excursion, returning in time to
participate In the afternoon parade.
President McKiniey will be prompt at
the "launching of the Ohio." The view
from the grand stand of the San Francis
co Seat Company is unobstructed. " It ad-
Joins the Union Iron Works,- facing 400
feet on the bay. Be on time and get seat
ed early. Seats: on sale, at the office, 916
Market street, room 58; Sherman, Clay. &
Co.'s. or at Newman's Richelieu, Geary
and Market streets.' . •
WILL BE FETED
AT MARE ISLAND
Plans for the Entertain
ment of the Visiting
Party of Congressmen
VALLEJO. May. 13.— The visiting Con
gressmen will leave the Clay-street wharf
at 9:30 o'clock Thursday morning on the
Government tug Golden Gate and will ar
rive at Mare Island at noon.' The tug is
to steam to the Heads and Fort Point. and
take in the Marin County shore, so that
as much of the bay as possible may be
seen. There will be sixty persons on
board, twenty-five of them being Con
gressmen. Senator Perkins and Congress
man Metcalf will be in the party.
Upon the arrival of the Congressmen
and their guests at the navy yard they
will be met by Rear Admiral Merrill Mil
ler, U. S. N., and staff, in uniform, and
the citizens' reception committee of Val
lejo. The Independence band will be in
attendance. The party wlU be escorted
to the handsome new gatehouse, where
luncheon will be served. This building is
now in the hands of the ladies' commit
tee and will be handsomely decorated
with flags and flowers. Not more than
an hour is to be spent there, after. which
the ladies of the party will be driven
about the yard, in carriages provided by
the committee and the Congressmen will
be escorted about the Government plant
and ships by the admiral and his staff and
the Vallejo committee.
Members of the Machinists' Union of
this city will present to Secretary of the
Navy Long a fourteen-karat gold card,
suitably inscribed, as a testimonial of the
many courtesies they, have received from
him.
Naval Constructor and Mrs. Zahm are
warm personal friends of President and
Mrs. McKiniey and have been invited to
spend F.ome time with them at the Scott
home. They wili go down to-morrow.
NAPA WILL SEND
> PLASH MESSAGE
Mayor Fuller Will Greet
¦¦ President MeKinley by
.Means of Heliograph
Napa citizens are determined that the
President shall not leave -the Golden
State without . at least a message from
the pretty little city nestling in the St.
Helena hills.
During ; President McKlnley's stay on
Mount Tamalpais Thursday he will re
ceive a • message of welcome . by helio
graph ..from John A. Fuller, Mayor of
Napa, thirty-five miles away. The ' mes
sage will be sent from'Mount George by
members of the signal corps of the Na
tional • Guard and will . be received by a
similar squad on Mount Tamalpais. The
latter will flash back any. reply the Presi
dent may. wish, to make." , :};
.'Napaites also 'will" burn red fire on
Mount George tQ-nlght between* 8:30 and
9 o'clock, and the signaland the residents
of the hustling little city will be answered
by, a red glare from Tamalpais. ¦>
SAN JOSE, May 13.— This was a day for
Ohioans, and Governor Nash and party
and the Congressional delegation were
given the grandest reception they have
received on the coast. It was really the
uniting of the Governor Nash party and
the Congressmen In California, and it
was made an- event The San Jose Ohio
Society proved admirable hosts. This
evening the headquarters of the society
in the Courthouse' was crowded with
Ohioans, an informal reception being
held. .*jf8S
The decorations of the place were mag
nificent. A miniature of the battleship
Ohio, the body of which was composed of
3000 white La Marque roses, with masts
and fighting tops of red, was a feature.
Below it were banked calla lilies and the
walls of the rooms were ornamented with
trailing vines and roses. ' Light refresh
ments were served.
Governor Nash and party and the Con
gressmen were present F. C. Ensign,
president of the San Jose Ohio Society,
delivered a brief address. J. S. McGin
nls then welcomed the Ohioans and Gov
ernor Nash responded.
Governor Nash and party, who are
Carriages were in waiting for the party
and they were driven, through the grand
San Lorenzo canyon, over the world's
famous Big Tree drive, to Santa Cruz.
Arriving at Santa Cruz, the Ohioans were
taken for a drive around the city. At <he
depot was the special train to convey
them to San Francisco. The engine had
been decorated profusely with bunting
and flowers, while the Native Daughters
had attended to the artistic arrangement
of the interior of the cars. Every car
was festooned with ropes of roses and
other flowers, and huge bunches of the
choicest of blooms were massed every
where. To each lady of the party was
given by the Native Daughters a bouquet
of exauislte carnations. It was after 3
o'clock when the train left.
Under the giants of the forest an elab
orate luncheon prepared by the people of
Santa Cruz had been spread. The Ben
Lomond Winery had opened its cellars
and provided the best vlntaee. Fair
young misses from the high schools were
there and waited upon the guests. Gov
ernor Nash addressed the people and of
fered a few felicitous remarks to the
young ladies. An hour was spent in view
ing the monarchs of the forest and Gov
ernor Nash and party had the honor of
witnessing and taking part in the dedica
tion and christening of one of the largest
trees, which was given the name -"'Gov
ernor Nash."
SANTA CRUZ, May 13.— Santa Cruz first
entertained the Presidential party to-day
and then had the honor of offering its
hospitality to Governor Nash and his par
ty of Ohioans. The Presidential party had
just left the Big Tree grove when the
Buckeyes took possession, running over
the mountains on the regular narrow
gauge, train. At the grove the Presiden
tial reception committee from Santa Cruz
was in waiting to give them a reception.
Spread Under Forest
Giants Near Santa Cruz
Partake of a Luncheon
BUCKEYE PARTY
SEES BIG TREES
A light supper was served during the
evening and it was late when the music
ceased, the lanterns burned dim and flick
ered out, and those who had come to see
the President sought their homes.
Guests of the Evening.
The guests of honor were: Secretary of
State Hay, Mrs. Hay, Secretary of the
Navy Long, Mrs. Long, Postmaster Gen
eral Smith, Mrs. Smith, Secretary of the
Interior Hitchcock, Mrs. Hitchcock, Sec
retary of Agriculture Wilson, Miss Wil
son, President's Private Secretary Cortel
you. Mrs. Cortelyou, Assistant Secretary
Barnes, Henry T. Scott, Charles A.
Moore, Mrs. C. A. Moore, Miss May Bar
ber, Dr. R>*-ey, Mrs. Rixey.
The ball was in charge of the following
entertainment committee: Hon. O. A.
Hale, chairman: Hon. Alfred Holman.
Hon. George P. Snell, Hon. David Hender
son. Hon. J. D. Miner, Dr. H. C. Brown,
Mayor C. J. Martin and Director General
Greenmyer.
In the ballroom carnival colors were
entwined with the national colors on
every hand. The red and gold were
looped over the front of the music
stand, lighting the green of the waving
branches which gave distance and ro
mance to the music that came from
among them; afjnve, the flag lent its
touch of patriotism as well as or beauty,
and along the walls the gold and red and
the red, white and blue mingled in sig
nilicance of the dual sentiment of the
hour and the man of the occasion.
Around the chandeliers were twined smi
lax and red roses and sweet peas, hid
ing the metal and giving them the ap
pearance of hanging gardens. There were
more garlands and flowers and ferns and
palms down the hall and in the lobbies,
and the hotel never looked fairer than
when ready to meet the nation's chief.
The carnival ball to-night was perhaps
the biggest affair of its kind that San
Jose has ever given or ever seen. It was
intended the President should be there
and to prevent more than a comfortable
attendance the invitations were limited
and very hard to get. It was to have
been as much of a reception as a ball and
the most complete arrangements had
been made to avoid embarrassment to
hosts or honored guests, and to have the
entertainment which his presence would
give to the people there. In his place,
however, were the Cabinet officers attend
ed by their wives, and with Secretary
Hay as the principal figure, the affair
progressed as If the President had been
there.
Beauty of Decorations.
The greatest taste was shown in the
decorations that beautified the halls, the
lobby, the broad stairway and its pil
lars, the reception-room and the ball
room. In the reception-room rich red
roses clung to the curtains and hangings
over door and window, ropes of smilax
were festooned over walls and corners,
branches of pink hawthorn blossoms
broke the plainness of the arches, and
flowers of every hue and fragrance made
of the room a bower of beauty.
lanterns that shone like will o'
the wisps under the trees in the park
outside to-night. On the grass before
the hotel colored fires burned fiercely,
throwing their glare into the skies and
fhlning wierdly against the tree trunks.
And the road before the hotel was filled
¦with hurrying carriages, the canopied
Fieps of the perch and the porch itself
were crowded by peering, criticizing peo
ple, watching the guests as they entered,
while inside the halls rang with the light
laughter of people whose only care for
the moment was their own enjoyment.
SAN JOSE, May 13.— It is hard to
say which was the prettier, the
green and flowers, the garlands,
the tufts of ferns, and waving
palms that almost hid the walls
of the Vendome, or the twinkling
SAN JOSEANS WHO WELCOMED THE PRESIDENT AND SCENES DURING HIS STAY IN THE GARDEN CITY.
The First Regiment League of the Cross
Cadets had ' a general tryout last
evening for the purpose, of Dutting for
ward three companies to compete for the
regimental trophy. Company D holds a
winning record in two contests, and if
successful in the third will hold the medal
for al ltime. . It was announced that the
battalions would assemble at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion at eight o'clock, but as the
Drill ¦ Corps of California - Commandery,
Knights Templar,- had engaged the Ilrst'
floor and the British Rifles the second,
the regiment of the League, had to wait
until 10 :30 p. ; m. to get ' possession ¦ of ; the
premises.' -
The waiting time was put in at the ar
mory, corner Page and Gough streets, and
the roadways outside. < The regiment,
consisting of the band, drum corps, bugle
PRESIDENT WILL %
REVIEW CADETS
TACOMA, May 13.— The Taklma Indians
will see President McKiniey and the mem
bers of his party on May 23. Word comes
from Fort Simcoe that at least 1800 gaily
attired men, women and children from the
reservation will visit North Yakima on
that day and do honor to the Great
Father. It is proposed that a war dance
be given for the amusement of the visi
tors. Plans have been made for a drive
through the •city, but many are asking
fcr the Indian dance. The Indians have
signified their desire to amuse the big
chief and his family with a war dance,
and this probably will be given.
The Yakimas have a grievance which
they wish to present. to the President. In
former surveys a large tract of land com
prising nearly 400,000 acres was taken
from their reservation, and thrown open
for settlement. Colonists located on the
lands and made homes. A large tract re
mains in timber and is one of the finest
bodies of . pine in the Northwest. When
a recent survey was made the lines were
properly located and the lands reverted
to the Indians. A commission sent out
from Washington, D. C, to make treaties
with the red men. offered them 25 cents
an acre for. the lands. As the lands are
very valuable the Indians desire to sell
their claims, and one of their number was
recently sent to Washington to see the
President. ¦¦ Rev. Thomas Pearne, a native
Yakima, made the trip to the White
House and was greeted by Mr. McKiniey,
who. promised to send a new commission
to investigate the proposition.
The eonynissiqn has not arrived and the
Indians are getting uneasy about the mat
ter. They will call on the Great Father
as a tribe and show him their ponies and
fine feathers. They believe their lands
are as valuable as similar tracts would be
if owned by a white man, and have
spurned the offer of 25 cents an acre.
dians Planning to Do
Honor to Great Father
Hundreds of Yakima" In-
PRESIDENT WILL
SEE A WAR DANCE
The competitive drill for the medal Is
slated to take place at the Mechanics' Fa
villon Friday evening of this week. The
entire regiment will parade that evening,
and be reviewed by President McKiniey
at the Pavilion.
corps and hospital corps, was formed in
three battalions under command of Lieu
tenant Colonel McGloln. The cadets
marched from the armory to the pavilion,
and at the latter place were put through
evolutions to test the military merit of
each company.
The judges appointed to decide upon
the three competitive companies are Ma
jor Wm. Robinson. Captain Frank Moore
and Captain George Balllnger.
Alameda has come to the fore in a style
particularly adapted to the city across
the bay. Postmaster LydecTcer of Ala
meda thought out a plan "whereby he
miglSt make the visit of Postmaster Gen
eral Smith a particularly plsasant one,
and with Lydecker to think is to act. He
summoned his Alameda friends and se
cured from them the choicest specimens
from their flower gardens. Alameda is
noted for its rare exotics, and within a
short time bunch after bunch of "posies"
and pretty blossoms arrived at the Ala
meda postoffice.
They were shipped to San Francisco
immediately and sent to the Palace Ho
tel. The apartments of the Postmaster
General were soon literally tilled with
fragrant flowers. Deft hands sorted them,
arranged them into artistic "bouquets and
decorated the rooms to be occupied by
the head of Uncle Sam's mail depart
ment.
Mail Clerks of Encinal
City Decorate Rooms of
the Postmaster General
ALAMEDA SENDS
CHOICE FLOWERS
It is believed that the President will
leave the city at about 8:30 on Thursday
morning. The trip will be made on the
new ferry steamer Tamalpais. At Sausa
lito the President will be greeted by the
school children of the county, the military
and the committee. According: to pro
gramme he will have an hour and a half
at the top of the mountain and will return
to San Francisco at 2:30 o'clock.
The committee will also have the ser
vices of Sheriff "W. P. Taylor, who will
have charge of the policing of the line of
travel. Sheriff Taylor will have a large
force of deputies under him for the occa
sion. The enthusiastic citizen who be
lieves that he can get close to the distin
guished party on Mount Tamalpais will
have a sad awakening if he tries it.
SAN RAFAEL, May 13.— The Marln
County McKiniey reception committee met
this evening and perfected arrangements
for the trip of the President to Sausalito
and Mount Tamalpaia on Thursday. The
principal point decided by the committee
was that absolute rest and seclusion will
be given the Presidential party on the
trip. The Mount Tamalpais Railroad will
be closed to the public on that day, as
will be the tavern on the summit of the
mountain. No trespassers will be permit
ted on the land at the summit or along
the line of the road up the mountain.
Company D of the Fifth Regiment, N. G.
C, will be present to deal with trespass
ers. ' ,j -
Public to Be Excluded
"When He Makes the
Ascent of Mt. Tamalpais
TRIP WILL REST
THE PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1901.
CABINET OFFICERS AT A CARNIVAL BALL
3
The Eugene P. Peyser Collar Company of Glen Falls, N. Y.
manufacture collars, cuffs and shirts. They sell direct to large
retail houses throughout the United States. We alone sell their
goods in San Francisco. As will be seen the prices are\far less
than are usually charged for goods of like quality. ,:j £
made of 2100 4-ply pure white linen, _>
./T. and they conje in 18 different styles — va- • p Jl
Lj8|Ih/bI riety enough to please everybody, a §9 C*
VvliW! w whether, he wants a high or a low stand- * v W
ing or lay down, a high turn-down or a
' medium standing.
/y p £ made of 2100 4-ply pure white linen, /% ffk
I ItT I 6 button or link styles, round or square /§§ (*
w IE \ W w corners, 'good long wearing cuffs that M\j\J
will stand hard usage at the laundry.
bosom of 2100 4-ply pure white linen,
-~ ¦¦. m lined with butcher's linen; body of A%^ iv/\
C* \k -d -tp4r Utica muslin, reinforced front and back, . \ j fiifl
ki IB 1 i I double sewed, collar button protector. 9 \\ §111
U1111 * set in bosom; all sizes and styles in V J>§VV
white shirts.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
T1S Market 'Street. "EVERYTHING NOW IN READINESS FOR THE INAUGURATION TO-DAY OF THE WEEK
OF CELEBRATION OF PRESENCE IN CITY OF THE NATION'S CHIEF MAGISTRATE
Day Rockets From The Call Building Dome
Will Be a Signal to Turn Pandemonium
Loose in Honor of Distinguished Guest
and Give Him Fitting Welcome to City
FACTORY WHISTLES WILL
ANNOUNCE HIS ARRIVAL
ALL la in readiness for the in
auguration at 3:40 p. m. t6-day
of the week of celebration of
the presence in San Francisco
of the President of the United
States. The instant the column
U'irH escorting him starts at" Third
and Townsend streets signal will be given
from the dome of The Call building and
shrieking whistles and booming cannon
will tell the waiting thousands that Wil
liam McKinley has become the guest of
the people of San Francisco.
The President will be met at Burlingame
and escorted to the city by Mayor Phelan,
Irving M. Scott, chairman of the executive
committee; A. A. Watkins, president of
the Board of Trade, and President Hays
of the Southern Pacific Railway.
The following reception committee will
meet the Presidential party at the Valen
cia-street station:
A. Sbarbaro. president Manufacturers'- and'
Producers' Association; George A. Newhall,
president Chamber of Commerce; P. H. JIp-
Carthy. president of the Bonding Trades Coun
cil; Claus Spreckels, chairman citizens' com
mittee; J. M. Gleaves, chairman of the Ohio
Scciety; Horace Davis, chairman of the uni
versity committee; A. -D. Cutler, chairman of
the Grand Army committee; C. R. Allen, vice
chairman decoration committee; H. V. Bran
-enetein. chairman press committee; "J. P. Cur
rier, chairman of the commercial committee;
F. fi. Stratton. Collector of the Port; W. W.
the order named in. the parade this
afternoon:
First carriage— President - McKinley, Mayor
Phelan and Irving M. Scott, chairman of the
executive committee. - -
Second carriage — Secretary and Mrs.. Hay and
Horace Davis. ,.:
Third carriage— Postmaster General and Mrs.
Smith and Mr. Montague. ¦ • ¦
Fourth carriage— Secretary Long and daugh
ter and A. A. Watkins.
Fifth carriage— Secretary Hitchcock and
daughter and President CM. Hays of the
Southern Pacific
- Sixth carriage— Secretary Wilson and • Mrs:
Wilson, Messrs. John D. Spreckels and J. M.
Gleaves. . ¦ > •¦.
Seventh carriage— Secretary and Mrs." Cor
telyou and A. Sbarboro. - . .
Eighth carriage-rAsslstant Secretary Barnes,
A. J. Leonard, Mr. Dlngman and Joseph Spear.
Ninth carriage— Miss Barber. Miss Crockett,
Messrs. Henry T. Scott and Laurence I.' Scptt.
Tenth carriage— Mrs/ Rlxey, Mrs. H/.T. Scott
and F. W. Dohrmann.
Eleventh carriage-rMr. and- Mrs. Charles
Moore, Master Moore and George A. Newhall.
The following will occupy carriages .In
Carriages Following
, That of the President
Those Who Will Occupy
DISTINGUISHED
MEN IN PARADE
Great Western, $5: Chicago, Milwaukee and
St Paul Railway, $5; St. Louis and San Fran
cisco $5; cash, $2 50; 15 Grant avenue, $2 50;
103 Grant avenue, $2 50; Htrsch Bros., $2 50;
J Marchi. $2 50; James Irving, $2 50; W. F.
Laumelster $2 50; Henry J. Rogers, $2 EO; Lit
tlo & Smith. $2 50; A. Newman. $2 60; Van
Vroom, $2 50; Curreo & Mona, $2 50; B. Her
lnghi $2 50; Harold Cigar Company, $2 50; S.
Roser.thal & Co.. $2 50; Hellman & Co.. $2 50:
J. H. Sisson, $2 SO; cash, $2 50. Total, $187. ,
a
Twelfth carriage — Rear Admiral George "W
Melville, J. Kruttschnitt and F. S. Stratton-
Collector of Port. I "iwwn.
Thirteenth carriage— Governor Gage and Gov
ernor Nash.' ¦¦ ' , -
Fourteenth ! to twenty-second" carriages— Staffs
of Governor Gage "and Governor ¦ Nash. -
Twenty-third carriage— Rear Admiral Casey
and staff. •
Twenty-fourth carriage— Ex-Governor Budd
XV. "W. Price and Major General Dickinson *
Twenty-fifth carriage— P. H. McCarthy, I* a
Brown and C. R. Allen.
Twenty-sixth carriage— Judge Seawall, H. C.
Latte and. Henry S. West.
, Twenty-seventh carriage— Messrs. J.- C. Her
met, R. I*. Dunn. James Hare and Jasper Mc-
Donald. •..-¦. • - •• ; ¦ _ -
. Twenty-eighth carriage— Messrs. . Frank P.
Lord, B. A. Stromeyer, Morel Marau and H.
U. Brandenstein.
' Twenty-ninth carriage— George XV. Dibble,
Wilson P. Webster and Judge Dalngerfleld.
California Glue Works, $20; D. L. Bliss, $20;
Jonas, Schoenfeld & Co., $15; II. HJul, $12; New
York Central lines, $5; Lake Shore Railroad,
$5; Piedmont Air LJne. $5; Cook's World Tours
*5; Great Northern Hallway, $5: Colorado Mid*
lsn<i Railway, $5; Chicago and Northwestern
Railway, $5; Canadian Pacific Railway. $5; Illi
nois Central Railway. $5; Burlington lines. $3;
Erie Dispatch, $3; Union Pacific, $5; Chicago
• The finance committee acknowledges the
following additional subscriptions received
up to. yesterday noon:
Mayor Phelan will deliver his address
of welcome in the nave of -the ferry depot
and those fortunate enough to be within
'sound of the. President's voice will hear
his first San Francisco speech, probably
a brief one. The committee will escort
the President *>ack to the Scott residence
at the close of the reception. ...
After dinner at the Scott residence the
President will be escorted to the ferry
depot by the citizens' committee and there
the public reception will be held. The
illumination from the City Hall to the
ferry building will lend glory to the night
procession to the reception.
The parade will start from Third and
Townsend streets shortly before 4 o'clock.
It will be 5 o'clock before the President
reaches the reviewing stand on Van Ness
avenue and half an hour more before the
last of the parade will have passed in
review.
Montague, Postmaster; Judge Dalngerfleli
Judge Sea well: Jasper McDonald. Park Con
missloner; ex-Governor James H. Budd; Gei
eral John H. Dickinson, N. G. C. ; Major
L. Rathbone, Joseph H. Spear Jr.
ACCOMPANYING the Presidential train- to arrive this afternoon are a number of representative "Washington corre
spondents, whose photographs are above presented. They may properly be termed the "historians" of this notable
Journey. ( *
, ' There are nearly 150 newspaper correspondents In "Washington City, representing all the important dailies of
this country, as well as some of the foreign newspapers. The President is extremely popular with the "Washing
ton press men and would have been glad if he could have extended an invitation to more of them, but the capacity of
the train was, of course, limited to a very few, so it was decided to bring only the representatives of the three routine pres3
associations furnishing news to all the dailies of the country, and the representatives of the three Washington papers. •
Howard N. Thompson of the Associated Press has for several years reported the proceedings of the House of Repre
sentatives for that association and he is well known to every member of Congress. . He is a graceful- writer and. some of
his biographical and obituary notices have attracted attention for their literary style. ' For several years he was Washing
ton correspondent for the Cleveland' Plain Dealer. ?
Henry LJtchfield West of the Washington Post is one of the best known and most accomplished newspaper men at
the national capital and one of the best informed. He is not only a most conscientious and energetic newsgatherer,
but is considered one of the most accurate and at the same time entertaining newspaper . writers - in Washington. He has
been president of the Gridiron Club, whose famous dinners are frequently attended by the President, Cabinet, Ministers,
Justices of the Supreme Court, Senators and the most talented and famous public men of the country. Mr.. West i3 uni
versally popular among his associates of the press. - . ¦ ¦ . ¦
Walter E. Clark, one of the younger men, but one of the brightest, has not been so long In Washington, but Is-al
ready well known among public men. He represents the New York Sun's news-gathering bureau.
W. W. Price of the Washington Star is the representative of that paper at.tho White House. He has the confidence
of the official household and has contributed to his paper many exclusive stories. The columns of the Evening Star are
eagerly scanned by the corps of Washington correspondents every evening, and to the industry and ability 'of Mr. Price
they are indebted for many good White House "specials" which they have forwarded to their, respective papers.
R. H. Hazzard represents the Scripps-McRae Newsgatherlng Association. He is an entertaining writer and an es
pecially capable newspaper man in every sense of the word. He is comparatively a new man In Washington. ¦ : ¦ .
Another of the younger men is T. B. Lord of the Washington Times, whose work is rapidly making him well known to
the public men of Washington. He represents the Times in the press gallery.
Accompanying the party are also several photographers representing the various -weekly illustrated journals of New
York City. R. L. Dunn is connected with Frank Leslie's, J. C. Hemment with Harper's Weekly, J. H. Hare with Collier's
Weekly, and H. H. Strohmeyer with a photo-stereoptlcon company. These men stand high In their profession and their
names are, well known to readers of Eastern periodicals. . •
Morrell Marean is manager of the Western Union telegraph office in Washington and accompanies the party to see that
adequate wire facilities are enjoyed 'not only by the President and his official family, but also by the newspaper corre
spondents.
In the illustration above there are included three Stanford University, students and a Palo Alto committeeman who will
participate in the reception to the President at Stanford University.
Washington Correspondents and New York Writers for the Press
Who May Be Regarded as Historians of Notable Journey Across
the Continent With San Francisco as the- Objective Point
NEWSPAPER MEN WHO ACCOMPANY
PRESIDENT ON TOUR OF COUNTRY
Visitors to Chinatown yesterday cannot
speak too highly of the decorative Ideas
displayed by the Celestials. Across tho
principal streets of the Chinese quarter
are stretched strings of gayly colored
nags. Oriental In color and cut, but re
markably handsome. No expense has
been spared by the merchants and resl
denia of the Chinese quarter in showing
their regard for this country*s President.
Gayly colored Chinese lanterns will be
P i xt V? }°~ day J and wh en lighted to-night
should furnish a scene of beauty long to
be remembered.
Everything is in readiness for the illum
inauon of the Ferry building to-night.
« !VL , lmmens e tower has been studded
with incandescent electric lights, and rows
of the same sort of bulbs have been placed
all over the building. Inside the grand
?^7 e , buntlns i 9 not lacking, and thl pot.
ted plants and strings of evergreen make
Ura place very attractive. At the south
end of the nave is the figure of a bear
with one paw extended in friendly fashion
fhf ni h f. electric sign "Shake," a relic of
£-£. atlv ?r Sons celebration of last year.
* J^??? e i H P\" se . No. 2, on Bush street, is
f £} w i th bunti "S and evergreens. At
night the front of the engine house U
strung with many-colored Japanese !--_
terns, making a very pretty effect-
present, giving an appearance of freshness
to the scene.
Last night the streets appeared to be
ablaze, and thousands of people paraded
up and down Market street gazing at tha
wondrous sight. The Call building, liter
ally covered with steadily gleaming elec
tric lights, drew forth many a rapturous
sigh from the onlookers. The building
was outlined with lights, every curve in
the tower-like structure from the ground
to the flagstaff surmounting the dome
showing most beautifully out of the dark
ness of the night.
SAN FRANCISCO citizens are
nothing if not artistic a fact
that is evidenced by the beauti
fully decorated stores, resi
dences, office buildings and ho
tels, that have been decked out
in holiday attire in honor of the Presi
dent's visit.
From the ferry out beyond Twin Peaks
one can see nothing but prettily decorated
entrances and windows; national colors
surrounding likenesses of the President
greet tha eye on all sides. Every one has
striven to excel his neighbor in showing
an appreciation of the honor accorded
San Francisco, with the result that the
streets present a hanctsome appearance.
The evergreen, so typical of California's
love for the country's ruler, 13 everywhere
4. : ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CATJLf, TUESDAY, v MAY 14, 1901.
Bunting, Flags and Evergreens Make Busi
ness Houses Fairy Bowers — Chinese
Quarters Present a .Wonderful Sight
to Visitors to the City From the East
ARTISTIC DECORATIONS
ADORN CITY'S STREETS
Lj
i
i-
4
TUESDAY, MAY 14.
San Francisco and Vicin-
ity—Cloudy and unsettled
weather, with heavy fog;
brisk . westerly winds.
AliEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
WEATHER FORECAST
The latest . new building in New York,
besides extending fifteen , stories Into the
air, will have four stories underground.Henry Bahlmann.
SAN DIEGO, May 13.— Henry Bahlmann,
a prominent hardware merchant of Cin
cinnati, died this morning at Hotel Cor
onado.
David C. Clarke.
SANTA CRUZ, May 13.— David C. Clark,
one. of the oldest residents of Sonoma
County, died at his home in this city toIs
morning after a short illness. He was
85 years of age and a native of Ohio.
JASPER- HARRELL DIES
IN HIS- VISALIA HOME
Leaves an Estate With an Estimated
Value of About Two Millitm
Dollars.
VISALIA, May 13.— Jasper Harrell died
to-night, aged 71 years. He left ail estate
valued at r about $2,000,000. ." He had two
children.
Mr. Harrell came to California In 1859.
He built the Vlsalla and Tulare railroad.
Two months ago he bought 35,000 acres in
Nevada, and his total realty at the time
of his death amounted to 100,000 acres. The
Nadeau Hotel in Los Angeles i3 among
Mr. Harrell's possessions. '
Mr. Harrell in 1837 married Miss Martha
Bacon. He was a plain, unassuming, prac
tical man.
JOHN TRAVERS LEWIS.
Way to London.
Death of the Archbishop While on the
LONDON, May 13.— Archbishop Lewis of
Ontario died on board the Atlantic trans
port liner Menominee May 4. He em
barked seriously ill, and intended to stay
in London a short time and oroceed to
Egypt. He was accompanied by his wife
and a trained nurse. During the night of
May 3 he sank rapidly, and he died at
4 . o'clock' the next mormne. The body
was embalmed and taken to his residence
here. -
NEW YORK, May 13.— Archbishop Lew
is was suffering from heart trouble, fol
lowing recovery from an attack of pneu
monia, when he sailed.
The Most Rev. John Travers Lewis, D.
D., LL. D.. had been Archbishop of On
tario-and Metropolitan of Canada since
1893. Previous to that he had bgen Bishop
of Ontario, to which See he was appoint
ed In 1862. He was born at Garrygloyne
Castle in 1S25, 1 and was educated at Tsin
i'ty College, Dublin. He was ordained- in
1S49, and was Rector of Breckville from
1854 ,to 1S62. ¦ : . ,
Opium.
SEATTLE, May 13.— The medium of
transportation for the 585 pounds of opium
seized several days ago by the local cus
toms officers and pevhaps of tons of other
smuggled opium was discovered to-day by
Customs Inspectors Delaney and Brinker
and seized. It 13 a nameless naphtha
launch, twenty-five feet long. The craft
was found secreted on the tide flats in
a residence boathouse. The launch was
equipped with several gasoline tanks,- naif
a dozen cases of gasoline, numerous rub
ber sacks used as receptacles for the con
traband opium, rubber clothing, . dark
lanters, red lights and many paint, pots,
indicating that the launch has changed
color. There was a small arsenal of rifles,
ievolvers and shotguns.
Delay in Reviving •¦ Boxing-.
CHICAGO, May 13.— A resolution Intro
duced In the City Council to-night* to li
cense boxing In Chicago was turned. over
to a committee. This means a delay of
at least two weeks before boxinc can be
revived here. ,. ¦ • .
INSPECTORS FIND
SMUGGLERS' LAUNCH
Small Arsenal Discovered Aboard a
Craft Used to Transport
PLANS TO CONSOLIDATE .'
TRANSATLANTIC LINES
Likelihood of the Atlantic Transport
and Leyland Companies
Being Amalgamated.- ;
NEW YORK, May 13.— President Ber
nard N. Baker of the Atlantic Transport
Line arrived here from London to-night
on the steamship Minneapolis. He. went
to England a short time ago for the pur
pose of securing, through the aid of J.
P.'* Morgan, the consolidation of theiAt
lantic Transport and Leyland lines, -the
fleets of which will aggregate 700,000 tons.
Should the deal be consummated the com
bined lines will be the largest in the
world.
President Baker admitted that the com
bine has as yet no legal standing, but
that there is a likelihood that in the near
future those controling the two lines may
find It to their interests to amalgamate.
ADMIRAL SCHLEY'S
VISIT IS SHORTENED
Hurries Home From London Because
of Serious Illness of His
Son*
LONDON, May 13.— Rear Admiral Schley
received a cable message to-day announc
ing, the serious illness of a member of his
family, and he. has, therefore, curtailed
his stay here and engaged passage on
board the North German Lloyd steamshlD
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, which sails
from Southampton for New York May 15.
The admiral went to Soumampton this
afternoon. . . . • ¦ .
NEW YORK, May 13.— Rear Admiral
Schley's decision to take passage for New
York on the North German Lloyd steam
ship Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, sched
uled to . leave . Southampton on Wednes
day, three days in advance of the St.
Paul, on which he had planned to come
home, is due to the serious illness of Dr.
Winfield Scott Schley, son of the veteran
naval commander, i
Dr. Schley is undergoing treatment at
St. Luke's Hospital" for blood poisoning,
the result of a singular accident which
took place in his office- on Thursday last.
At one time his life was despaired of,' but
he " has gradually improved, and at the
hospital to-night it was said that he
would probably recover,', although he is
still very ill. . . . ,
Dr. Schley performed a surgical opera
tion in his office last Thursday. In hand
ling a scalpel the instrument slipped
through his fingers and, falling, point
downward, penetrated the leather of his
shoe and entered the flesh of the foot.
Two hours later unmistakable signs of
blood poisoning were apparent.
.- - ¦ ? . .
Will End Siege in Barcelona.
MADRID, May 14.— The Cabinet has de
cided to end the state of siege in Barce
lona and to- restore -.the .' constitutional
guarantees there.: . '
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 13.— A complaint
charging J. Ross Winters with murder,
on Saturday morning 1 , of his young wife
Grace .was sworn to to-day by r>etectlve
Walter H. Auble in City Justice Morgan's
court. Winters' arraignment • probably
will take place to-morrow.
' The Coroner's jury which Investigated
the cause of Mrs. Winters' death to-day
returned an open verdict. The inquisition
at best was a perfunctory investigation
and from the testimony adduced the ver
dict could not well have been different
from what it was. It simply found that
the deceased met her death by a gunshot
wound, •
Dr. Jenkins, one of the surgeons who
performed the autopsy upon the body,
testifledr that Mrs. Winters could not pos
sibly have Inflicted upon herself the gap
ing wound which killed her instantaneous
ly. The testimony of E. W. Schmidt, gen
eral agent of the Fidelity Mutual Aid As
sociation of San Francisco, was rather fa
vorable to the prisoner, as it went to
show that the policy taken out In his
company by -Mrs. Winters recently was
merely to insure her in case of accident,
and not of death. As she had become de
linquent in her dues, she was even de
barred from the benefits allowed under
such a policy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ANA. May 13.— Perry Taylor of
Santa Ana has the unique distinction of
being one of seven men, so it la said,
who in the history of medical practice
has lived after undergoing an operation
for the removal of an entire lung.
Taylor is 26 yeurs old. About four years
ago he came to the conclusion that he had
consumption and consulted a local doc
tor, who treated him in the regular way
for a time for* tuberculosis of the lungs.
Later the physician became convinced
that Taylor's lung was affected with hy
dated cysts, and changed the treatment
accordingly.
An operation for the removal of the
cysts was then performed on Taylor, and
no less than 210 of them, ranging in size
from a small pea to that of a hen's egg,
were taken out through an aperture in
the patient's side. But more of them
grew, and although the operation ' of re
moving them was from time to time re
peated, it was at length decided to at
tempt a more heroic course of treatment
and remove the affected lung in its en
tirety.
The operation was successful so far as
removing the lung and the cysts was con
cerned, but a yawning void was left in
the man's anatomy.
Taylor Is getting used to doing with
only cne lung, and has devieed
a novel method of cleansing the pleural
cavity while the process of healing is go
ing on. His apparatus is a rubber tube
with a six or seven-inch long curved sil
ver nozzle, attached to an ordinary four
quart water bag. Just above Taylor's
waist on the right side is a vulcanized
rubber tube, which marks the center of a
large scar. Through this tube he Inserts
the silver nozzle and then turns on the
water, which contains a disinfectant.
After turning the nozzle around several
times so as to thoroughly irrigate his In
ternal economy it is withdrawn. Then
Taylor gathers himself up like a bucking
bronco, coughs, and there issues from his
side a column of water like 1 a miniature
geyser, which ceases at intervals only
when by a twist of Taylor's body the
stream is shut off from his side and finds
vent through his mouth with equal force
Taylor's general health is about normal
or as it was for a long time before he ever
dreamed of parting: with a lung, and he
feels confident that when his pleural
cavity is entirely healed he will be as
nearly all right as a one-lunger may ex
pect to be. ¦ \j~
Unaffected by the Losa of
Half of His Breathing
Apparatus.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, May 13.-The trial of
the action in which Messrs. Jarboe,
Crooks. Hearfield and Bannister are plain
tiffs, Poniatowski and Bullock defend
ants, and William Grant intervenor, was
commenced in the Superior Court at this
place to-day. The litigation is over the
rent due from defendants for a marble
quarry in Tuolumne county for the year
1899. The defendants admit the indebted
ness, but do not know to whom to pay
the money, as a claim has been put In by
the Intervenor, Grant, who lias served
them with notice that he, as a member
of the Columbia Marble Company Is in
terested in $2500 of the amount '"lue, this
being one-half of the entire sum. The case
promises to be bitterly fought between
Grant and the plaintiffs.
When court opened this morning, Attor
ney Countryman moved to dismiss the
complaint of Grant, upon several grounds,
the principal one relied upon osing the
refusal of Grant to attend before a notary
public and have his deposition taken.
When served with the notary's subpena,
Grant declared that he had already made
arrangement to be away on the day set
for the examination, which was a Mon
day, but that he would go before the
notary on the Saturday preceding the day
fixed and would waive the legal notice.
This was not agreed to, and when Mon
day arrived Grant was in Stockton. Upon
the showing made, Judge Buck denied the
motion to dismiss.
David Hearfield, one of the plaintiffs,
was called to the stand and had not finish
ed his testimony when the court adjourn
ed. Considerable time was occupied, in
introducing documentary evidence in con
nection with the testimony of wit
ness.
Hearfield said that on September ID.
1898, he. Grant and Bannister leased the
marble quarry to Prince Poniatowski and
T. S. Bullock; that for the first year the
rent was to be $4000, which was paid at
the time the lease was made: that the
rent for the second year was to bo $b000.
which had not been paid. Evidence was
offered to show that in January, 18H9.
Grant sold his interest in the property to
Jarboe and Crooks for $50,000.
The lease referred to was' executed 1 , by
the Columbia Marble Company, through
the three members, Hearfield, Grant and
Bannister. Hearfield swore that it was
executed by these three, and that the
words, "Columbia Marble Company,"
were inserted after the execution of the
paper, and without his knowledge.
Grant claims an interest in the rent on
the ground that the lease was made by
the partnership, whose affairs were never
settled. This Hearfield denied, and swore
that on January 6, 1899, the partnership
business was settled, Grant at that time
paying $2523.06 as the amount aue from
him upon the settlement.
The case will go on to-morrow, and it is
expected that testimony of a highly sen
sational nature will be submitted.
SURGEONS LOOT
HIM OF A LUNG
• — —
Strange Operation Saves
Santa Ana Man's
Life.
Plaintiffs Center Their Attach
Upon -Intervenor Wil
liam Grant.
Case Against Bullock and
Poniatowski Opens
in Redwood. .
FIGHTING OVER
QUARRY RENTAL
Inquest Over His Wife's Body-
Results in an Open
Verdict.
Detectives File a Com
plaint Against the ;
; , Suspect.
WINTER FACES
MURDER CHARGE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., May 13.— The
San Bernardino Street Fair and Mer
chants' Carnival, in conjunction with the
Twenty-eighth District Agricultural Fair
Association, will open to-morrow evening
at 8 o'clock with the coronation of Queen
Marie, to be followed by an elaborate cor
onation ball , at the city park pavilion.
Booths of various descriptions are rapidly
being erected jj along Third, Court and
Dande streets. Thus far about twenty
booths have been built. Many of them
are of novel design and quite artistic.
The railroads have made low rates for
the occasion and every Incoming train
brings crowds. The fair will continue for
five days, during which time mirth will
reign supreme. ,
The streets. are being decorated In red,
yellow and white, the official fiesta colors.
As a result the city presents a gala ap
pearance. Hundreds of incandescent lights
have been placed along the streets and at
night they will present a beautiful ap
pearance, as they are colored alternately
with red, yellow and white. Providing
the weather is favorable the street
fair and carnival will be by far the most
largely attended and successful event of
its kind ever held in San Bernardino
County.
Following is the programme:
Tuesday night — Queen's coronation and first
appearance ot the court of Marie Antoinette's
time, on the royal throne; giving of the golden
key of the city by the Mayor and City Trus
tees; addresses;' children's fancy cakewalk; free
vaudeville shows on the stage before the Queen
and court from 7:30 to 9:30 o'clock in the even
ing; grand coronation ball at the pavilion. .
Wednesday— Formal opening of the Agricul
tural Fair; burlesque circus parade; games and
firemen's parade and tournament, reviewed by
the Queen; free vaudeville shows and Queen on
the throne afternoon and nleht.
Thursday — Woman's day; baby coach and ju
venile parade at 3 o'clock in the afternoon;
baby show at 4 o'clock; awarding o£ prizes on
throne at nlsht.
Saturday — Los -Angeles Chamber of Commerce
day; floral day and parade at 3:30 o'clock in
the afternoon; Santa Fe day; Redlands. day;
disappearance of Queen Marie in silk cocoon;
children's fancy dances. In addition ' to the
above there will be a Riverside and a Colton
day; also a secret society, Pioneer and Elks'
day. •
While President McKinley will not be
able to attend the fair he will formally
open it by a telegram from'San Francisco.
A wire will be brought to the stage by the
Western Union Telegraph Company and
an operator will be stationed there to re
ceive the message. At the moment the
message . arrives a forty-foot American
flag .will be unfurled over the throne of
Queen Marie and bombs and rockets will
be fired in honor of the event, j '
Telegram From President
Will Formally Open
Street Fair.
Everything in Readiness
for Queen Marie
v and Court.
SAN BERNARDINO
I N GALA ATTIRE
SEARCHERS FIND THE HULK
OF ABANDONED SHIP COLUSA
Wreck Recently Reported by Indians on One
of the Queen Charlotte Islands .Proves
to Be That of the Long Missing Vessel
NANAIMO, B. Cm May 13.— News of the
discovery of the American ship Colusa.
¦which was abandoned more than a year
ago, was brought to Xanalmo to-nipht by
Captain Walbran of the Dominion Govern
ment steamer Quadra. Acting upon in
structions from the Department of Ma
rine and Fisheries, a party headed by
Mr. Dempster, manager of the Hudson
Bay tradins post at Skidegate: the Rev.
William S. Murray, a Presbyterian mis
sionary, and several others went out to
search the west coast of the islands for
The wreck recently reported by Indians.
Guided by the stories of a wandering band
of Hydahs they struck over toward Reu
nell Sound, the wildest and most desolate
part of the Island group. Only after a
careful search in the nooks along the
coast did they come upon the battered
hulk of the Colusa. It was completely
hidden from seaward by a tall cliff,
around the corner of which was a rocky
pocket sheltering the missing ship.
The discovery that the wreck is that of
the Colusa has but added to the mystery
of the derelict, for the Indians declare
that when it went ashore there were sea
men aboard, while the Colusa is known to
have been abandoned by her crew eight
een months ago.
The Colusa is piled high up forward on
the rocks and is split into three sections.
The mainyard hangs from the mainmast
in shreds of bleached canvas. The fore
mast and mizzenmast are gone close by
the board. The bottom is battered out and
ballast and cargo have slipped through.
Anchors, chain cables and windlass lie by
the starboard quarter in four feet of
water. Xot a vestige of stores, provisions,
furniture or gear is to be found aboard.
The furniture in the cabin is smashed to
atoms, except the principal table. The
crew appears to have stripped her thor
oughly before abandoning her.
Dempster and Murray searched all
around that side of Reunell Sound for
traces of any encampments, but found
nothing to indicate any human beings had
ever trod those sodden heaths. Dempster
says the ship looks as If she had been
there about a year, the timbers and cord
age being whitened and bleached. The
name of the vessel appears on the stem,
but the home port name is washed or
- ¦
Special Dispatch to The CalL
broken, leaving only the letters "U. S.
A."
The reports of the two leaders of the
party being so circumstantial and the
other members having signed the reports
as correct, the Quadra did not proceed to
Reunell Sound, which is unsurveyed and
full of exceedingly strong currents. Cap
tain Walbran will make a full report of
the circumstances to the Department of
Marine.
The Indians who first reported the
wreck on the west coast said that two
bodies had been washed up and that there
were traces of a camp that had been in
habited by members of the crew.
CREW OF THE COLUSA SAVED
Ship Was Abandoned at Sea a Year
and a Half Ago.
The Colusa, whose dismantled hulk has
just been discovered, was well known in
San Francisco trade, having been owned
here for almost a generation. In 1SS9 she
was considered one of the most efficient
barks on the coast. At that time she was
under the command of Captain Backus,
who was one cf the principal losers when
she was abandoned in Alaskan waters. A.
H. Paul also was a heavy loser.
The Colusa sailed from this port on Sep
tember 6, 1S99, for the Hawaiian Islands.
During a storm she went ashore and was
got off with considerable difficulty. She
was taken to Kahului, where an exam
ination showed that her forefoot and part
of her shoe had been lost. It was decided
to send her to the Sound for repairs, and
accordingly, on September 21, she set sail
In ballast for Esquimau on what was to
prove her last voyage.
When the doomed bark neared Vancou
ver Island a storm arose and she was car
ried north before a hurricane. After float
ing about in a helples condition, at one
time in sight of Sitka's port, she was
finally abandoned by her captain and crew
on December 1L Four days later Captain
Evart, his wife and the entire crew of
thirteen men were picked up by the
steamer Sitka.
The bark Colura was built in Bath, Me.,
in 1873, was 1111 tons net burden, 197 fet 9
inches long, 3S fet 8 inches beam and 24
feet 2 inches deep.
Trial of the Action Brought by the Railroad
for Possession of a Disputed Thorough
.fare Op'ens in a Los Angeles Court
¦...""¦-¦ '"¦:'-:¦ ¦.¦..¦t..-i' *¦ ' O
SOUTHERN PACIFIC SHOW S
DEEDS TO POMONA STREET
City of Pomona's Beply.
As against the contention of the South
ern Pacific Company the city of'Pomona
claims that notwithstanding 1 the deeds
from Phillips It is entitled to possession
of the street in question by *ight of pre
scription and that the company has long
recognized by aqquiescence the right of
the public to use the street. The records
of the County Supervisors were intro
duced to show that in 1375 First street,
together with other land, was declared
public property and a highway was es
tablished over it. Defendant maintains
that since that time streets have been laid
out, graded and improved and that plain
tiff has Itself paid street assessments on
property fronting on the streets.
The trial is expected to continue three
or four days.
• -\-.v.\Vi-..--7>
' ter admitted that he had received "hurry
up" orders to run a siding out on the land
known as First street and waa attempting
to carry out such orders when he and his
men were set upon by the infuriated resi
dents and were driven back, and finally
arrested.
To show that it intended the proposed
side-track for legitimate purposes John
A. Muir, division superintendent of the
road, testified that he had recommended
last October that the improvement be
made, as the company was in need cf the
track for switching purposes and to ac
commodate prospective ¦warehouses. He
denied that he knew then that the Salt
Lake road had asked for a right of way
over First street, but admitted that he
had been informed that such a step would
be taken. Plaintiff rested Its case upon
his evidence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 13.— The trial of
th9 suit of the Southern Pacific Company
against the city of Pomona to determine
the right of possession of certain streets
in that city began before Judge York in
the Superior Court this morning. The
Issue which Is the foundation of the action
was made when on April 13 the Southern
Pacific- Company began the construction
of a side-track upon- property to which it
claimed title. This property was then and
had been for years used as a public street
and the residents and civic authorities by
force resisted what was considered to bo
an encroachment by the railroad. In order
to settle the property rights in question
the entire -- matter was referred to the
courts. •-- . *-,*¦'¦-¦
• Although not a party in the action the
new Salt Lake road is one of the real
parties in Interest. It had applied to the
city of Pomona for a right of way through
the city, and the street in question had
been intended for that purpose.
Case of the Railroad.
The plaintiff introduced its evidence to
day and endeavored to show that it had
acquired title to Its right of way and other
land in the city under dispute from Louis
Phillips. Two deeds were presented, one
dated September 9, 1S73, and another con
veying a fifteen-acre tract and dated
March 2, 1805, the consideration in -each
case being- $1.
The testimony of Roadmaster Mulvehlll
of the Pomona, division was offered to
prove the forcible resistance to the work
of building the side-track. The roadznas-
KANSAS CITY, May 13.— Utley Wedge
of Joplin, Mo., was to-day appointed re
ceiver for the Siegel-Sanders Livestock
Commission Company of this city. This
action followed the Ming of a suit against
the commission company by Frank Rock
efeller of Cleveland, who Is a heavy stock
holder. In his petition . Mr. Rockefeller
charges. Frank Siegel, president and gen
eral manager of 1 the company, with pecu
lations and mismanagement of its affairs.
Mr. Rockefeller intimates that Siegel
made away with over $100,000.
The Siegel-Sanders Livestock Commis
sion Company was incorporated under the
laws of Missouri in November. -1899. with
$230,000 capital. It succeeds to the business
of a Kansas corporation of the same
name. ?\iJ
Being Short in His
Accounts.
President of the Concern Accused of
RECEIVER APPOINTED, v
FOR LIVESTOCK COMPANY
WASHINGTON, May 13.— A report has
been submitted to the National Civil Ser
vice League by the investigating commit
tee of the league with reference to al
leged violations of the civil service law
in connection with the administration of
the Philadelphia postofflce. The report
embodies a letter to the President of the
United States asking for the removal of
Thomas L. Hicks, postmaster at Phila
delphia.
Ask for Removal of Postmaster.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 13.— Mrs. Rose
Crist, Mrs. » Chadwick, Miss Madeline
Southard .i^d C. R. McDowell pleaded
guilty in the District Court to-day of lead
ing the raid on Murpny's billiard hall with
Mrs. Nation in March. Tney will be fined
$10 each. Mrs. Nation's trial comes up
this afternoon. A change of venue was
denied her by Judge Hazen.
Plead Guilty of Smashing.
NEW ORLEANS. May 13.— The south
bound Illinois Central passenger train
from Chicago jumped • the track on the
curve near Hazelhurst, thirty miles south
of Jackson, at daylight to-day. C. E.
Rose of Fulton, Ky., mall clerk, and Torn
Lee, ' fireman, were killed. Gus Nelson,
the engineer, had a leg broken and M. F.
Stappen, assistant mail clerk, was badly
bruised. Physicians have been sent to the
scene from Jackson. The track where
the accident occurred was undergoing re
pairs.
Broken. "Leg.
While Engineer Escapes With
Mail Clerk and Fireman Killed,
"It is Impossible to render 10,000 or
more people homeless without extreme
suffering:; it Is impossible to meet all the
cases of need at once. The sanitary con
dition of this city must be perfected and
maintained and unless we can have the
aid of the charitable people of the United
States we are compelled to acknowledge
our inability to cope fully with the situa
tion."
PASSENGER TRAIN
DERAILED ON A CURVE
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 13.— At a
meeting of the executive committee of
the relief committee this afternoon the
decision was reached that the amount
contributed so far for the fire sufferers
was far from adequate to meet the de
mands. President Garner of the Relief
Association, Bishop Weed of the Episco
pal diocese of Florida and Mayor Bowden
were appointed a committee to issue an
address to the people of the United
States. The address says:
the People of the United
States.
Address Issued From Jacksonville to
CONTRIBUTIONS FOR FIRE
SUFFERERS INADEQUATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1901.
POWERS MAY PRESENT
ULTIMATUM TO TURKEY
Pressure to Be Brought to Stop Inter
ference with Foreign Post
offices.
PARIS, May 13.— The correspondent
here of the Associated Press learns on
trustworthy authority that unless the
Sultan of Turkey yields on the question
of interference with the foreign postof
fices, the powers probably will present an
ultimatum a few days, backed by a
naval demonstration. The powers, includ
ing Germany, are acting in perfect uni
son in thi3 matter.
The President's Good Judgment.
President McKinley and party, after visiting
California, will go to the Pan-American Expo
sition at Buffalo, and though you cannot travel
on the Presidential train the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Hoad enable you to follow
bis example, with tbe assurance of an enjoy
able trip. Nickel Plate Dining; Cars serve Club
Meals from S3 cents to $1 each. Book free
showing views of Exposition buildings. Jay
W. Adams. P. C P. A.. 37 Crocker building,
San Francisco. Cal. '
CLAPP IS RETURNED
TO UTAH FOB TRIAL
Alleged Forger Insists That He Is
the Victim of Malicious
Prosscution.
LOS AKGELES. Slay 13.-A. W. Clapp.
the advertising m^i. is wanted In
Salt I^ake City for forgery, was taken to
Utah by Sheriff George H. Xaylpr to-day
on the extradition papers recently signed
by the Governor. '' ; V-' «r
Clapp. -who went by the name of L.
Maroott in Bait Lake City, is -hargrea
with having forged the names of certain
business mm in advertising contracts on
whirh money was raised at the liank of
Commerce of that city last October. He
denies Kullt ar ,<j stamps his prosecution
as malicious.
? —
Fire in a Match Factory.
.DETROIT. Mich.. May 14.— Shortly aftor
irJdr.i«rM fire started in the Walkerville
match factory, located on the Walkerville
road at the outskirts of Walkerville, Ont.
It Is reported that the entire structure
will probably bo destroyed. The building
U a three-story brick structure and about
po men sre employed. .
TO-DAT.
3:40 p. m.— President's arrival, parade.
S:OO p. to.— -Public reception, Ferry depot.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 15.
8x30 a. m.— Dedication of Donahue fountain.
1O:15 a. m. — Commencement University of California, Berkeley.
12:30 p. in. — Luncheon at residence of President Wheeler.
2 :.'{<» p. nu— President and party depart for Oakland in carriages.
3:OO p. m. — Reception at residence of Senator Perkins.
4:OO p. m.— Parade to steps of Oakland High School; open-air
reception for public
C:OO p. m.— President leaves Oakland In Slocnm for San Friin-
ClSCO. 1
5:30 p. IK.— President arrives in San Francisco.
9:00 a. m. — For vlsitlnK Congressmen: Drive to Golden Gate Park,
ocean beach and Cliff House; lunch ait Cliff House; re
turn by way- of Point I, olios Sternal Station and the
Presidio. - _
5:OO p. m. — Postoflice Department employes' reception to Post
master General Smith, nave of Ferry depot.
S:OO p. m. — Union League Banquet, Palace Hotel, to Governor
Nash.
S:OO p. to. — Water and Forest Association banquet to Secretary
Wilson.
s:00 p. m. — Postal banquet to Postmaster General Smith at Del
monico's.
lOtOO p. in.— Trip througrh Chlnatonn for visiting: Congressmen.
THURSDAY, MAY 16.
8:30 a. m.— Trip to Mount Tamalpais, arriving at summit at
ll:3O a. m.
2:30 v- »>• — Reception in parlors of Palace Hotel by Sons and
Daughters of American Revolution.
3t3O p. m.— -President breaks ground for monument to American
navy, Union Square.
3:40 p. m.— Reception at Native Sons' Hall by Mexican War Vet
erans, Loyal Leprlon, Native Sons and Native Daugh
ters.
7:00 p. in.— Ohio Society banquet, Palace. Hotel.
S:30 a. m.— Congressional trip to Mare Island Navy Yard. -
3:OO p. m.— Reception to Mrs. McKinley and ladles of the Presi
dential party at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
T:OO p. m.— Banquet to ladles of Presidential party, given by
ladles of Ohio Society, California Hotel.
FBIDAY, MAY 17.
9:30 a. m.— Reception by school children, Van Ne«» avenue; drive
to Golden Gate Park and ocean beach; luncheon at
Cliff House.
2:3O p. mv— Knights Templar parade to Mechanics' Pavilion and
reception.
9:O0 p. m. — League of the Cross Cadets' drill, Mechanics' Pavilion.
9:3O p. nt. — Campiiro. McKinley Provisional Post No. 1901, G. A.
n.. Golden Gate Hall.
9:OO a.m. — Governor Nash starts for Mount Tamalpais.
9:15 a. m.— Congressmen's automobile trip about the city.
! Morning Vlnltlnsr Congressmen tvIII inspect public buildings
and watei; front.
12:OO ni. — Luncheon for visiting: Congressmen nt Merchants'
Club.
Evening — Reception to Secretary Long by Unitarian Club at
Merchant*' CIuI>.
7:OO p.m. — Missouri Society's reception to . Secretary Hitchcock,
Y. 31. C. A. building.
8:OO p. in. Ohio Society reception to Governor Nash.
' C ATTTTJTl A V TUT A 1O
10:00 a. m.— President embarks nt transport rrharf for launching.
r.\--*-~Xaval parade to Union Iron Works.
11:00 cu m*— Reception to -workmen of Union Iron Works.
12:20 p. m.— Launch of tbe battleship Ohio.
1:30 p. m.— Luncheon to President by Union League Club, Palace
Hotel.
TtOO p. m. Cltlxens' banquet to President at Palace Hotel.
10:00 a. m.— Trip" a boat bay on Resolute for visiting Congressmen.
' SUNDAY, MAY 19.
11:00 a. mi. President will attend services at Central Methodist
Episcopal Church.
5:00 p.m. — President dices with niece, 3Irs. George E. Morse.
MONDAY, MAY 20.
20:00 a. m.— - President's departure.
PROGRAMME FOR WEEK
OF PRESIDENT'S VISIT
Britons in America to Edward VII.
At tho meeting held by the British com
munity, of New York on January 24 it was
decided to forward an address to King
Edward Vll^upon the occasion of the
death of Queen Victoria andOiis Majesty's
accession to the throne. The address,
which pays a trib ute to the dead Queen,
besides expressing confidence in the power
and attainments of the new ruler, Tvas
yesterday placed on a desk at the-Brit
ish consulate for the signatures of such
British subjects in America -as may choose
to sign it. The address will be forwarded
to the court" of St., James in about ten
davs. — New York Times. ;
May Review the Woodmen.
ST. PAUL. Minn., May 13.— A reply, was
received to-day from President McKinley
to the invitation telegraphed to him on
Saturday night, asking him to be present
to review the Woodmen parade in St.
Paul on June 13. The President said that
he must defer definite answer until it is
ascertained how serious is the illness of
Mrs: McKinley. • He, however, expressed
himself as favoring the acceptance of the
invitation. ¦ v • _
5
THE DAY'S DEAD.
..;i|| ii| li HI'lll ©I ¦ ISSUED -BY AUTHORITY <DF Iff ' ¦ ¦. ,| * SlL
JP !liii 11 o l^oi^^^^r ¦!&&> -^ "
This label on your clothing
guarantees precisely the things every careful man wants. It guarantees the making, as the
clothing is made by union men who know how — thorough, trained, skilled, union men
whose ability assures excellent workmanship. It guarantees the conditions under
which the clothing is made — all union-labeled clothing is made in light, airy workshops
where cleanliness reigns supreme.
Our "Yeargood" label on your clothing
means that we are responsible for the wearing of the clothes by our willingness to make
all necessary repairs free within one year after purchase. This double protection is of
value, and, more than this, you get your money back if you are not satisfied.
Box overcoats
We are having a special sale of Box Overcoats— some coats that we have reduced
from $10.00 to $7.50*. Found ourselves well stocked, and while the weather was oppor-
tune we put on the sale. The material is a good quality covert, in three shades — olive,
tan and brown. They are union-made, and actually reduced to
-..¦ • $t^50:
Boys' Russian Blouse and Cossack Suits
We have these suits in all-wool fast-color serges, in blue, brown, green and new
blue, with various trimmings of gold, red, white and black braid and cord edge. There
are so many, different styles of trimmings that it is impossible to mention any one in
particular. You are sure to find something that will be just what you want. Some of
the belts are of white, black and tan leather, and others are of the same material as the
suits, ages .3 to 6 years. The price of either style is
I ;| : !;• $5,00 .. . ....
Wash suits in Russian Blouse and Cossack Suits, ages 3 to 6 years, from 45c up to
which Is now - <» ~- in g\ furnishings
being printei. 718 Market Street. . . crhats.Quickly Adjusted.— Reporter— There's a
newsboy on the street yelling out a olt of
sensational stuff that isn't In the paper.
Great Editor— Gee Whittaker! Then
put it in.— New York Weekly.
A late Judge, whose personal appearance
was as unprepossessing as his legal
knowledge Has profound and his Intellect
keen, interrupted a female witness
"Humbugged you, my good woman'
What do you mean by that?" said he
"I don't know how to explain it exactly
but if a girl called your lordship a hand
some man she would be humbugging you."
¦ — Tit-Bits. .
A young manjtook his gold watch to a
fashionable . Chestnut-street lewelrv
establishment yesterday to have the
photograph of a young woman placed in
ca^ e - .. He ix l st wa nted*it, pasted in
"Why don t you have it photographed dU
rectly on the inside case?" asked th»
salesman. "We can have It done for you
for $5 and it Is so much more artistic »
No; the young man didn't want that w*
thought.lt would be well enough toh a"e
it pasted in. "You see. you can } t alwn™
toll about these thing!." L flnaHy faTd In
a burst of confidence. "You can't n]«Tn,-»
tell how they are going to turn oi? or
how long they are going to last" A friend
of mine had his girl's picture photo
graphed, on his watch and then nVtir
while the whole thine was declared off
It put him to a lot of trouble, emharraaa
rnont and expense. When It's jus? iSSed
n. if anything happens all you hav« to do
is Juat to scrape It off; 1 intan I'll h»«»
this poated ln."-Phlladelpnla " lUcor£
An Iowa newspaper publishes this: "A
folded newspaper placed under the coat
in the small of the back is in excellent
substitute for an overcoat. Now Is the
time to subscribe."— Daily States.
Jack— Don't you think that woman, as a
rule, prefers a man who Is her master?
Ethel— Not at all. She prefers one who
thinks he 13.— Tit-Bits.
Church— I see Andrew Carnegie began
buelness as a messenger boy.
Gotham— Well, it's comforting to hear
of one messenger boy who "got there." —
Yonkers Statesman. - ' 4 ¦",.;
"I understand," said a Western Judge to
one of the statesman from which a panel
of jurors was to be chosen to try a mur
der case, "that you have expressed your
self as directly against capital punish
ment. Is this true?"
"Generally speaking, I'm ag*ln capital
punishment; but not in the case of this
here man, Judge. I know him and he de
serves all we can give him."— Buffalo
Times. : "/
"I heard you had a cow for sale," began
the amateur "and as I am thinking of
buying one, I—"
"Wall," Interrupted the professional
farmer, "that's thet Jarsey. There's one
good p lnt In her thet — "
"Oh, gracious! That would never do.
I'd need a quart at least."— Philadelphia
Press.
In the Near Future.— Old Friend— And so
both of your children are studying pro
fessions? .
Hostess — Yea, my daughter Is In a poly
technic college, studying mechanical en
gineering, and my son Is In Paris, learn
ing dressmaking.— New York Weekly.
De Tanque— My father Is 80 years old
and has never used glasses.
O'Soaque— Always drinks from the bot
tle, eh?— PhlladelDhla Record.
CHANCE TO SMILE.
Some of these reports may be exaggerations. We
shall have to wait until complete statistics collected
by the census officials have been published to ' deter
mine how far the evil tendencies have gone. It ap
pears a foregone conclusion, however, that the census
will not be encouraging to British optimism.
' Another evil has been noted. It appears that as the
natives of the kingdom emigrate to find better lands
and employment aliens come in from abroad and take
tHeir places. A recent report ,says: "The country is
being filled up 'with impoverished peddlers, money
lenders, and hordes from Western Russia, Germany
and Austria."' It is added: "Mr. Balfour and Mr.
Chamberlain and others have at different times spoken
on the subject, but the movement goes on unchecked:
Whitechapel is no longer an English settlement, and
whole streets are now found in London and other
large cities where not an Englishman resides." *
- The emigration of men has seriously affected the
social conditions of the country by leaving within it
a large excess of women, who, having no opportunity
to marry, are crowding the avenues of labor. For the
purpose of remedying the evil a society has been
formed to promote the emigration of women to the
colonies, and the Government is expected" to assist
in the work, ".¦•''i *¦¦
; Another evil revealed by the census is the decrease
in the birth rate. It is reported that the returns show
that despite the increase of population as a whole,
the birth rate has so fallen off that there are now
500 less births daily than there were twenty years ago.
It is added that in England and Wales the loss in
what is called the "birth force" since 1874 has been
17 per cent, while in France, whose declining birth
rate has been the subject of so much speculation, the
loss during the same period has been only 14 per cent.
That' such a movement has taken place* was not un
expected, for it has" been' noted 'in every civilized
country.; Even in the United States, where there is
an abundance of cheap land and where almost all
kinds of rural industries are prospering, the growth, of
cities has of late been very much larger than the
growth of rural population. In no other country,
however, has the shifting been carried to such an ex
tent as in Great Britain, and nowhere else is there
any evidence of such a diminution of the farming
population as to seriously threaten the general wel
fare. ¦ '
WHILE full returns from the British census
have not yet been made public, enough has
been given out to add a new source of
anxiety to the country. It is known the census will
show that while the large cities have increased in popu-.
lation, there has been a more than corresponding
decrease in the rural districts. Agriculture is no longer
a profitable occupation in the kingdom, and as a con
sequence the families who have tilled the farms are
either moving to the cities or are emigrating to the
colonies or to the United States.
THE BRITISH CENSUS.
JOIN IN THE WELCOME.
AS was announced yesterday by Grand Marshal
Warn" eld, it is arranged that signal be given
by The Call from the dome of the Claus
Spreckels building the instant the column escorting
the President starts from Third and Townsend streets.
Bombs will be exploded, day rockets sent up and the
flag unfurled from the flagstaff.
At that moment the President of the United States
becomes the guest of San Francisco. It is desirable
that the whole city join in the welcome. Therefore
the owners of mills, factories and steamships should
immediately take up the signal and repeat it by
whistles and flags, so that the whole peninsula may be
made to reverberate the glad welcome. Every
•whistle and every flag should be made to unite in sig
naling the moment of the reception.
Let everybody be prepared. Let the people give
voice to their delight to honor the chief magistrate
of the republic. Let every whistle sound forth the
summons to patriotic throngs to wait along the streets
to greet the President with acclamations. Let not
one be silent. The universal joy should find expres
sion by the universal voice.
A NEW POSTAL RULING.
CONSIDERABLE attention has been given in
the East to a new ruling of the Postoffice
Department concerning writing contained in
any package or parcel intended for fourth class mails.
As samples of merchandise are included in that class
of mail, the ruling affects the business of a large num
ber of merchants and manufacturers, it having been
the custom for tlje past ten or twelve years for the
shipper to mark the samples sent through the mails
with the price and a few words of description. In
1894 a notice was sent out from the Postoffice Depart
ment to the effect that written or printed marks indi
cating the price were admissible on samples of mer
chandise sent as fourth class matter, but the' new
ruling puts an end to the practice.
A report from Washington says: "The assistant at
torney general for the Postoffice Department has ad
vised the postal authorities of his construction upon
the old law of 1888, and it is to the effect that such
marks must not be made upon the matter itself, or
upon anything inside the wrapper. He says that the
sender may write upon the wrapper or cover of fourth
class matter, or upon a tag or label accompanying it,
the marks of description and the price. His interpre
tation has been adopted by the department as law,
and any fourth class. matter prepared for mailing in
conflict with this ruling will be subject to first class
postage. Though it is nowhere specified, the word
'from' and possibly other words which may be neces
sary to indicate precisely the origin and nature of the
merchandise will be admissible when they are in the
proper place."
Commenting upon the new rule the Boston Tran
script says: "A fine distinction is made, it appears,
in the postal laws between samples of merchandise
and fourth class mail matter, but in the application of
the law it is difficult to observe this distinction, as
samples are included in the list of fourth class matter.
At the Boston postoffice the letter from the Third
Assistant Postmaster General in 1894? authorizing
the price to be written or printed upon the sample
itself will be looked upon as no longer in force, and
all marks must be written on the outside 'of the wrap
per or upon the accompanying tag."
The cause for the change in the ruling- is not ap
parent, but it is probable the privilege of putting
printed or written words on samples of merchandise
has been abused by .unscrupulous parties, «and the
Government has found it necessary to deny the privi
lege hereafter. The change is not . of any great im
portance, but all concerned .will do well to take note
of it in order to avoid having to pay .higher postage
than is necessary in sending samples properly, pre
pared for mailing. '
THIS WAS A HERO.
ALL the heroes are not in uniform, their action
quickened by war drums and influenced by all
mankind as an audience, and history as a re
corder.
The negro in Indianapolis who was caught by steam
carelessly let into a boiler where he and a companion
were working was of real heroic fiber. As the de
stroying scald poured upon them they ran for the lad
der to the manhole in their chamber of torture and
death. Phelps reached it first, but drew back and
cried to his mate, "You first, Jim; you are married,"
and Jim went first and was saved, while the deadly
steam cooked Phelps' flesh as he followed, and he
was drawn out of the hole to die. With his la^t
breath he said, quietly, "It was Jim's right to go first;
he is married." The man who in such peril, could re
member the wife of his mate and her mourning, and
die willingly rather than bring widowhood and sor
row into a humble home, was a greater hero than all
the commanders that have led armies. Greater love
than this hath no man, to die for his. friend.
There was no glory in sighf, no renown; none of
that reward in history which enter into the motives of
some. There was nothing but awful death that an
other might live. ¦
Let "all men remember this lowly laborer/ V His
place is in the great company of martyrs who have pa
tiently tasted death that men might live or principles
be promoted. He was of that race we call inferior,
but his black skin covered a heroic soul.
In the center of the city of his sacrifice rises a
stately monument to the soldier dead of Indiana. " It
perpetuates the memory of George Rogers Clark and
the high action at old Vincennes, and reminds the
beholder of the defenders of the flag in many wars.
It is right that it is there. But let us trust Indianapolis
to rear another less lofty shaft over the dust of this
dusky hero, and carve upon its base: "It was right
for Jim to go first; he is married."
It is said the chewing gum trust intends to combine
all of its manufacturing under one. roof; and then
the chewer ¦ will no longer be able to choose what
make he prefers when he chews.
No song will be more popular to-day in San Fran
cisco than the good old nursery rhyme, "Rain,. rain,
go away, and come again another day."
The Duke of Cornwall's reception at Melbourne
on the opening of the Australian Parliament appears
to have been a pretty good sideshow to the reception
McKlnley will get when he arrives at San Francisco.
NAVAL. CADET— A. S., Forest Hill.
Cal. For • such Information as one may
desire about a naval cadet from the Sec
ond Congressional District of California
address a letter of Inquiry to the Con
gressman from that district.
PEPPERMINT— Theresa, City. To make
essence of peppermint take one ounce of
oil of peppermint, half an ounce of herb
peppermint and one pint of spirits of
wine. Digest for a week, or until suffl
ciently colored. ;, ¦•
JUMPING— A- S., Forest Hill. Cal. Th«
record for standing long Jump, with
weights. In America, is 14 feet 5^i inches;
without weights, 11 feet 3 inches, and run
ning high jump, without weights. 6 feet
5% Inches. ¦ Weights vary according to
the whims of the jumpers. As high as
twenty-two pounds Is noted.
i OIL. OF LAVENDER— Theresa. City.
The following is given as a recipe for lav
ender water: Two ounces of the finest
oil of lavender, one ounce of the finest
essence of musk, one-half ounce each of
ambergris, finest; oil ot bergamot, fresh;
half a gallon of scentless alcohol; mix by
agitation. ¦ '•„•> ,' ¦
• ' • ¦
MARASCHINO— Theresa, City. ! There
are a number of methods of making ma
raschino. The following Is given as the
simplest: Dissolve in one and a half gal
lons of 95 per cent alcohol one and a half
ounces of essence of maraschino, one and
a half drams of essence of rose, five drops
of essence of cloves, eight drops of es
sence of cinnamon and add a half gallon
of orris root flavoring. Mix the above
with twelve gallons of 95 per cent alcohol
: and twenty-six gallons of simple syrup.
Stir thoroughly and filter. Essence of
maraschino Is not used In the manufac
ture of cologne, v "•.? •
DIVORCES AND MARIIIAGES-C. W.
, F., Oakland, Cal. There are no lato com
pilations that will give "the percentage
of divorces to marriages In California and
in every State In the union at this time."
To obtain such statistics would take a
great deal of time and Involve much la
bor. Take California, for Instance; It
would be necessary to communicate with
each of the nfty-four County Clerks and
Recorders to ascertain how many mar
riage licenses were recorded and how
many divorces were granted, and the
same process would have to ba followed
in every State and Territory. Then to
obtain "the rate of increase In divorces
per year" would necessitate a search of
the records for a number of years.
PATENT LEATHER— R. E. T., City.
The first coats for the Japan for patent
leather are made with Unseed oil and
Prussian blue, boiled together for some
hours; the last coat or varnish, with Un
seed oil similarly boiled. Each coat Is
separately dried at a temperature of from
170 |to 180 deg. Fahrenheit and rubbed in
the leather by hand, the skin being nailed
to the surface of a board. The process
Is a very delicate one, requiring special
knowledge in each part of the operation.
To preserve the gloss and prevent crack
ing of such leather, melt wax with a lit
tle oil of turpentine, Olive oil and lard,
mix thoroughly, and when cold It should
be a thick paste. Vaseline Is excellent.
Allow it to remain on for one-half hour,
then rub dry with a piece of canton flan
nel.
CITIZENSHIP— J. T. V., Sacramento,
Cal. A child born to. foreign parents In
the United States Is a native of the United
States and at majority is entitled to all
the rights of American ciizenship. A child
born In a foreign country, brought to Lhe
United States in Infancy, may reside In
the United States until majority, but that
will not eive him American citizenship
unless the parents during- his minority
were- naturalized. The Individual wouli
have to become naturalized In order to ba
an American citizen.
A child born .abroad to American pa
rents ¦while the parents are either trav
eling through, the country or making a
visit for a short time, or the father la
the representative of the United States
in diplomatic or consular service, la a
citizen of the United States and ixot sub
ject to the laws of that country, unless
the child so born should either remain in
or rsturn to the country of birth Hnd at
majority do some public act showme that
the individual had elected the citizenship
of the country of birth.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 13.— The
following Calif ornians arrived here to-day
and registered as follows:
At Shoreham— P. H. Reardon and wife:
at Raleigh— S. F\ Leonard; at Ebbitt—Ju
lius Flatshek, M. J. Platshek. M. Ersklna
and wife and E. G. Ersklne, of San Fran
cisco; at Metropolitan— R. C. Stone/ of
Oakland. •' '„,/ ;
CAUTOBNIAITS IN WASKIirOTOTT
NEW TORK. May 13.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York: From San
Francisco— C. I* Chase, at Gnsey; Miss
Breckenridge, at Holland; C. D. Clafke,
at Manhattan; B. Curtaz and wife, W. S.
Ferris, Mrs. W. P. Fuller Jr., at Holland;
H. Hein, at St. Nicholas: F. S. Kelby
'and wife, at Navarre; W. G. Lowry and
wife. T. W. Mulford. at Manhattan: T. S.
Peck, at Imperial; E. J. Power, at Belve
dere; J. Rlchty, at Cosmopolitan: F. Tl
Ware, at Gllsey; J. F.. Wilson, at Dela
van; Mrs. A. B. Dyer, at Murray Hill; F.
Frlsbee, at Park Avenue; J. W. Mlntnrn,
at Murray Hill; T. Sexton, at St. Denis.
From Los Angeles— B. C. Lusman, at
Navarre; H. Wood, at Herald Square.
CAUTOBNIAXS DT NEW YOBK.
freight, and our producers must get their exchange. Time, tide and trade 'wait not even for
the President, who, most of all who have held the great office, has given his attention to
the economic conditions which generate trade and has done so much to make us too busy
to tarry long, even in saluting him.
He gets here the sincerest flattery we can offer, in the energy and enterprise, the time
and talents given up to the operation of the prosperous conditions he has promoted. His
praises are not merely sounded by the trumpeters, but are uttered in the packing sheds
and the rattle of trade on the crowded docks. They are written in the passbooks of the
savings banks, where labor has accumulated millions since he became President, and in the
diapason of steam whistles on land and water, which summon men to labor, release them
to refreshment and utter "au revoir" as the Pacific liners steam through the Golden Gate
to the Orient.
r s O-JDAY San Francisco salutes the President and Cabinet, and srives the freedom of
the city to the Government of the United States. In. a certain very, definite sense
this city will become, for severaldays, the capital of the United States, for the
President and his constitutional advisers will here consider and dispose of such Fed
eral business as presses for attention. During that time the executive mansion is planted
on* one of our sightliest hills, overlooking bay and ocean and the enclosing 1 mountains.
The tour of the President has been wisely planned. After traversing the picturesque
American Sahara, where the misty distance and-inviting mirage pictured the actual scenes
that were ahead, he entered the American Riviera in Southern. California, where the re
sources of nature are ample for the production of all that exhibits the floral charms of cli
mate, and where the sunshine tempts to outdoor adornment and the enjoyment of life's
leisure. It is a scene that cannot be duplicated on the planet.
Emerging from it, to-day the President enters San Francisco, the busy, noisy, push
ing, progressive, industrial, commercial and financial center of the State's productive. zone,
and the New York of the Pacific Coast, destined to remain always , the metropolis of this
side of the continent, and the greatest city and center of Western civilization on the Pa-
Its development is due, primarily, to the productive part of the State, which is wholly
tributary to it. That production at first was gold. The placers were, generous yielders,
and the dust came here to pay for everything, from pleasure to provisions. Then the ledges
were unlocked and their treasure flowed to San Francisco. Here came the tens of millions
dug from .the depths of the Comstock, and the deep mines of the mother lode send their
monthly yield to us. As the nobler uses of the soil were discovered, and field, orchard and
vineyard took the place of the. flocks and herds that had grazed our valleys, the real gold
mine of the State was discovered. The productive soil of Northern California is a ledge
that never pinches, a placer that is never washed out, a source of wealth permanently po
tential, that will be in action after the gold-bearing rock has been followed so far into the
earth that the miner can go no deeper and live. . Then the grapes will still purple on the
vine, and the fruit will blush in the orchard, and the grain will billow like a golden ocean in
the breeze. The extension of irrigation will render the producer more and more indepen
dent of one season's drought, and the wide distribution of electric power, generated by our
mountain streams, will harness a new force to the processes that will continue to take
wealth from this exhaustless store. :
These causes make us a busy j preoccupied, commercial people. We are working, and
may lend ourselves shyly to holiday uses. But what we lack in grace and form we make
up in heartiness and sincerity. Our position, the great things that are with us daily as the
factors of a vast production, our study of markets, of competitors, of consumers and cus
tomers, .make us a very practical people, and our garlands may not be on straight; but we
can pay for them. As-becomes the metropolis of the greatest ocean and of the edges of
two continents, our population is cosmopolitan. The President can here see every order
of mankind, every kindred and tribe and tongue, from a Parsee to a State of Maine Yankee.
All are here from the torrid, temperate and frozen zones and the islands of the sea. Men are
here who were born under every flag that flies, and some who were born under no flag ex
cept the milky baldric of the skies and the stars that twinkle.. Yet all are living in obedi
ence to our laws and in loyalty to our standard.
If the President find the sidewalks more given up to packages of merchandise than
to decoration, it is because the great steamers that come and go between our docks and
the ports of Asia, Australasia, the three Americas and the far islands must get. their
Congressman George B. Fos3 of Illinois
Is at the Palace. He is chairman of tha
naval committee of the House of Repre
sentatives and is visiting the navy yards
and training stations on the coast. He
will remain here until th© launching of
the battleship Ohio, when he will pay an
official visit to the Puget Sound stations.
Congressman A. G. Dayton of West Vir
ginia, also on the House naval committee.
Is a guest at the Palace.
Ex-Senator John M. Thurston arrived
from the East yesterday and is at th»
Palace. He was for several years the
chief counsel for the Union Pacific Rail
road He is at present practicing law In
New York. He Is out here to witness the
launching of the battleship Ohio.
!L. Grunewald, proprietor of the Hotel
Grunewald of New Orleans, Is at the Pal
ace with his wife and grandchildren. He
Is one of the most prominent citizens of
the Crescent City.
Chief Justice Brannon of the Supreme
Court of West Virginia is at the Palace.
He is accompanied by his wife. They will
remain here to see the launching of tha
Ohio.
Ross C. Cline, Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Wabash. with headQuaxtera
at Los Angeles, is in the city on business.
Clarence W. de Knigrht, formerly secre
tary of the Senate committee on naval
affairs. Is at the Palace.
Governor T. T. Geer of Oregon and Mrs.
Geer are at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION'.
Special Grants and Subsidies.
Special grants —
Telegrams of High Commissioner of '¦-'J\
Cape Colony 10.000
We6t Indies Agricultural and Botanl
.cal Institution and instructor....; 13,000
Anglo-French Commission for the de
limitation of frontier Gold Coast and -
Nigeria • -i«='S22
Uganda railway, 135,786
Allowances -and pensions to persons
' in Transvaal and Orange River Col
onies' . incurred in 1881, when the
¦ Territories were Riven up 2,160
West African frontier police force 200.000
Subsidies to certain eubmarlna tele
¦• graph companies, , 32,800
The total amount paid , by the mother
country for the maintenance and adminis
tration! of the civil service in her colonies
Is somewhere about £1,050,000 ($5,000,000)
per annum.
Naval and Military Establishments.
The cost . of ' the naval and military es
tablishments of the empire is borne by the
mother country: but certain of the col
onies and the empire of India contribute
annual amounts. In 1900-1 the navy esti
mates reached £23,791.000 and the army es
timates ' £61,499,400. In, the event of war
Great Britain is bound to defend her pos
sessions across the seas precisely on the
same terms as she does the mother coun
try _ : ¦ '..•••¦ ' ¦ ' . • ' ' • •
"What Does Great Britain Gain?
"What profit' does Great Britain ' make
out of her colonies, dependencies and pro
tectorates? ' Financially, not any. The
mother country receives no , money con
tribution of any kind on behalf -of- the
civil - administration ' of her possessions —
except perhaps ; interest upon loans. As
regards the naval establishment, the Aus-'
tralian provinces pay a sum to the im
perial Erovemment which In 1900-1 amounts
to . £95,000. No other colony makes any
naval (contribution, nor does the empire
of India.' For the military establishment
the following are the payments for 1900-1:
Th© empire of India, £720,700; the Straits
Settlement*, £283,000; Ceylon, £117,800; '
Cost of the Civil Service.
What does it cost Great Britain to main
tain and to govern her colonies, depend
encies and protectorates?
The British colonial estimates for the
year ended March 31, 1901, contain the fol
lowing principal items: '¦?„
Grants in aid of deficit revenue—
Gold coast Northern Territories £ 40,000
Northern Nigeria protectorate 83.000
Bechuanaland protectorate 70,000
West Indian Islands J°'52S
Uganda protectorate 2<M> X$?
British Central Africa protectorate 40,000
British East Africa protectorate 87,000
Cyprus • .....' 32,000
Salaries of colonial officials —
High Commissioners of the Cap* of
Good Hope and the Western Pacific,
Governors of Bermuda, Bahamas,
Windward Islands, Leeward Islands..
:...... .From £600 to £3500 each
Officials In Rhodesia and the West In
dies ...................•-.••"«••••.-•••••••••*" 7,500
Passages of Governors, etc.* 10,000
• ' 7 Tendency of British Rule.
It will bo noted that these many and
very varied forms of government are all
precis© degrees in the graduated scale of
political development and national evolu
tion. The aim of the mother country is
to make of her children nations self-gov
erned and able to take care of themselves.
The greatest mistake Great Britain ever
made was her famous misrule of her erst
while great American colonies. Her sig
nal defeat and discomfiture taught her the
true method of dealing with her colonies.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
•J . The San Francisco _ Call.
How Great Britain Watches Over the Vast
Interests of- Her Colonies,'Dependencies
and Protectorates.
¦• , ¦
AUTHOR OF "THE ARMS AND BAD GES OF THE BRITISH COLONIES."
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
Xm,- GOVERNMENT OF BRITISH COLONIES— A PROFIT AND LOSS
ACCOUNT.
.The British empire comprises one-fifth
of the known land surface of the globe.
The number of people who live under her
flag is represented by the enormous total,
in round figures, of 400,000,000.
The possessions of Great Britain acros3
the seas are of three kinds— one, colonies;
two, dependencies; three, protectorates.
The colonies .are of three classes— one,
crown colonies; two, colonies with repre
sentative Institutions; three, self-govern
ing colonies.
Kinds of British Colonies.
1. Crown colonies — The crown has entire
control . of legislation and appoints the
Governor. The administration is carried
on by public officers under the direction
of the principal Secretary of State for the
Colonies.
Such are, in Asia, Straits Settlements,
Hongkong and British New Guinea; In
America, British Guiana, British- Hondu-i
ras, Falkland Islands, Fiji, the Pacific isl-/
ands and Trinidad and Tobago; in Africa,
the Seychelles Islands, Sierra Leone, La
gos, Gambia, Gold Coast and St. Helena.
2. Colonies with representative institu
tions—The crown appoints the Governor
and has a veto on legislation. They have
representative institutions suited to their
several characteristics and circumstances;
but the Secretary of State for the Colo
nies has control over the public officers.
Such are, in Asia, Ceylon and Borneo;
In America, the West Indian Islands of
Bahamas, Barbados, Bermuda, Jamaica,
Leeward and Windward Islands; in Afri
ca, Mauritius; '.n Europe, Malta. (The last
two are also quasi-crown colonies.)
3. Self-governing colonies— The crown
appoints the Governor and has a veto on
legislation. They possess representative
Institutions and responsible government.
The Secretary of State has no control
over the administration nor the public of
ficers. !
Such are the dominion of Canada and
its twelve component provinces, the com
monwealth of Australia and its six com
ponent provinces, Newfoundland, New
Zealand, Cape of Good Hope and Natal.
. Dependencies.
• These are of two kinds— first, the empire
of India; second, "sphere of influence."
1. The empire of India is in no sense a
colony; it Is a splendid possession of the
British crown and an integral part of the
British empire. It consisis of thirteen
provinces and a number of scattered naval
and military stations. These are Aden,
with the Arabian and Somali coasts pro
tectorates, and Wei-Hai-Wei in China.
The native states' o' India are more or Ies3
dependent upon the imperial Indian Gov
ernment. These number C50.
2. "Spheres of influence," so called, are
Afghanistan, Beluchistan. Bhutan and
Nepal in Asia, and Egypt with the British
Soudan in Africa.
Protectorates.
These are all situated in Africa and are
a3 follows: Ashanti, Barotseland, Basu
tbland, British East Africa, British South.
Africa. British Central Africa. Bechuana
land, Nigeria (North and South), Khode
sia (North and South), Somaliland, Ugan
da, Witu and Zanzibar. - Each of these
forms a separate administration under
British officers— some military, some com
mercial—but subject to the neighboring
colony and under the control of the colo
nial or foreign officers— tho latter when
questions relating to the frontiers of the
colonies and dependencies or protectorates
of foreign staiSB are concerned.
Other British Possessions.
The status of the Transvaal and Orange
Kiver Colony is at the present moment
unsettled. They will ultimately be gov
erned as are the Cape of Good Hope and
Natal.
Gibraltar Is a fortress rather, than a
colony. Ascension is ordered as a battle
ship of the British navy. Cyprus, though
nominally a port of the Ottoman empire,
and paying an annual tribute to the Sul
tan, is administered by British officers,
and, for all intents and purposes, it is
treated as a British colony. There are
also very many otWer islands and stations
which belong to the British empire and
are scattered everywhere. These are
places of call for merchant vessels, coal
ing stations, telegraph stations, observa
tion stations and tho like— useful in times
of peaco and tnvaluablo in time of war.
Such are Tristan da Gunha and Walfish
Bay. These arc administered, or visited
regularly, by British officials. .
Hongkong, £47,000; Mauritius. £21,500.
There are also smaller contributions from
a few other colonies.
Financial Position of the Colonies.
In far the greater number of the Brit
ish colonies the revenue is in excess of
the expenditure. The Dominion of Can
ada heads the list by a volume of above
£5,000,000. In- Western Australia the reve
nue and expenditure balance each other.
In the other Australian provinces the rev
enue is in excess of the expenditure. At
the Cape of Good Hope and in Natal,
owing 1 to the Boer war, there are no exact
figures to hand. Among colonies where
the expenditure Is in excess of the reve
nue are the Gold Coast, Jamaica and
Newfoundland. In India -there was in
1S98-99 an excess of revenue over expendi
ture of about £2,000,000. All the colonies
and dependencies are in the enjoyment of
public debts, small or great, and all have
had to resort to the mother, country for
loans, also great or small. These, how
ever, in nearly every instance are under
going a course of reduction.
The Gold Coast Colony.
The Gold Coast. Colony comprises the
coast of the Gulf of Guinea to the west
of the Niger. It has been in the undis
turbed possession of ; Great .Britain for
three centuries. Although the best gov
erned, and, until recently, the most pros
perous of the "West African colonies,, it
has been going through times of trouble
which have retarded its development. To
gether with the northern territories and
the two Nigerias, it sustained the last
'Ashanti war. This native state is at
length subdued, but the civil service esti
mate bears witness to the depression
caused by that enterprise. \ - <&
In a few years, doubtless, the Gold
Coast Colony will cease to be a weak link
financially in the mighty chain of British
Condition of Jamaica.
The history of Jamaica is checkered and
for the most part sad. It has been a Brit
ish possession since 1670. The population
numbers nearly 1,000,000, the majority be
ing black or colored. The period of 1856
1865 was one of anarchy. The blacks rose
against their masters, who -were hope
lessly beaten. The land, which rapidly
went out of cultivation, changed hands,
and the colored races ruled the Island.
During the period of 1S65-1888 a fresh start
was made. A new fiscal system came
into operation; the adjustment of taxa
tion, amelioration of the law of property,
in education and in internal communica
tions led to revived prosperity. But the
present day finds the blight not yet quite
removed. The revenue is greately affected
by the low price of sugar. In 1881 the
price was 29 shillings a hundred weight,
and" now It is only 10 shillings. Beet-root
sugar, produced in Europe under govern
mental aid-, floods the world's markets
and against this bounty-fed antagonist
cane sugar has no chance.
The year 1898 was marked by growing
prosperity. There was a considerable rise
in the price of cane sugar through the
imposition by the United States of coun
tervailing duties upon bounty-fed sugar.
Jamaica is splendidly placed for the ex
pansion of trade in spite of hurricanes and
other destructive visitants. The soil is
fertile and the climate salubrious. Social
condition and civic efficiency are alike ex
cellent. The people are sturdy workers
and are becoming . well educated. The
time cannot be far distant when Jamaica
will take her place among the prosperous
colonies of the British empire.
The Newfoundland Fisheries.
Newfoundland is quite the oldest child
of Great Britain's vast colonial family.
Discovered in 1497 by John Cabot, it has
ever since belonged to the British crown
and empire. In 1500 French, fishermen
made a settlement on the northwest shore.
By the peace of Utrecht in 1713 the sov
ereignty of Great Britain was recognized,
but the French were allowed to retain
the right to land and to dry fish on the
north and west shores. This right has
very greatly retarded the development of
the island. The expenditure of the colony
exceeds the revenue by £150,000 a year
and the public debt is considerable. Pros
perity can only be secured by the Impe
rial Government coming to terms with
France. / *
SAN FRANCISCO SALUTES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1901.
TUESDAY MAY M, *9Qi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Afiiress All Cenauairatiocs t) W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»« 2O4
I'CBLICATIOX OFFICE...Mnrket and Tilled. S. V.
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217. to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prers 202.
Delivered hr Carriers. 15 Cenfa "Per Weelc
flncle Cople«. 0 Cent*.
Term* «r Mall, Including Fostasret
"\AXL,T CAIJi «ncludlnir Ptmday). one y=ar t«.M
CAILT CALI* <lnclnainp Eunday). « months >•«»
DATLY CALb (Including Sunday). 8 months 1.50
DAILY CALL-By Single Month &¦
VTEEKL7 CALL. One Tear 1 - 00
All poitmaiten are imthnrlied to receive
subscriptions. :
6tnjEle ccpie* will be forwarded when requested.
M*H rnt«erlt»TT fn crderlne chanev of addre»« should t»*
rartlcular to rlr* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
u> Jcrure * prompt and correct compliance with: their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE .....1118 Brondiray
C. GKOR.GE KltOCVKSS.
Vustgtr Foreign Afirertiiing, H»rjn«tt9 Bnildiag. Chieir». ..
(Lcrg Distance Telephone "Central I6U.")
NEW TORX REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C CARLTO Jf. ?• Herald Square
XEW TORK REPRESENT ATIVEs
STEPHEJT B. SMITH 3O Tribune Butldlnsr
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
traJflort-Artorl* Hotel; A- Brectano. a Union Square:
HJcrray E1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
fremont House; Aisdltcrlum Hotel.
WASHTJfGTOJT <D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 Cl St., W. W.
MORTOK E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRAJTCn OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:S0 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock, f-33
McAllister, open until 9:10 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
ISO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22S1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until • o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Just at present 1 the • British public" is not thinking
about chasing DeVet so much as about getting out of
the way of Morgan.
6
Call subscribers contemplating; a cbangre «t
resldeaee during: the tnmmer months can harn
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent In
•11 tawc» «n the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel buudtng.*
¦ ? ¦
Special Information supplied .dally to
business houses andf public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Men are deathly afraid of women; rail-
roads are deathly afraid of Legislatures.
9000 in Paris and 5000 in Berlin.
Shake Into Tour Shoes
Allen's Foot-Ear e, a powder. It makes tight of
new ehoes feel easy. Cures Corns. Bunions.
Swollen. Tired, Sweating. Aching feet. 10,000
testimonials. At all druggists ant' shoe stores,
25c. Ask to-dejr. Samplo FRJ:e. Address
Allen S. Olmst&i. Le Roy, N. Y.
¦ '¦¦¦ ' ? » ...1, . ,
Dr.* Sanf ord's Liver Invig orator. .
Best Liver ¦ Medicine, VesetableCure for Liver llts
BUlomnega. Indigestion, Constipation. Malaria.*
No *ripp«. no pneumonia In th« ««rly wintsr,
thosa who build up tholr eyatem* ifter the hft
I souson by ustn* Dr.8lef«t'». Angoetur* unwi*
AMUSEMENTS.
Colombia— "Sar Harbor."
Alcazar— "Friends."
Grand Opera-house— "Government Acceptance."
California— "Barbara Freltchio."
Central— "The Bowery After Dark."
Tivoli— "The Toy Maker."
Orpbetini— Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlnc.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Columbia Minstrels.
Ferry Building— Grand Flower Show. May 16, 17 and 18.
Butro Baths — Swimmlnc
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SAXES.
By Wm. G. I^arnB— This day, at 10 o'clock, German Gov-
ernment Artillery Horses, at 721 Hoxtard street.TWO OF THE PRINCIPALS IX THE LATEST COMIC OPERA SUCCESS,
"THE TOT MAKER," AT THE TIVOLI. THE OPERA IS APPARENT
LY OS FOR A LONG RUN.
Question of Dollars and Cents.
CHICAGO, May 13.— The general con
ference committee of the members of the
International Association of Machinist*
employed by the Illinois Central Railroad
Is agafn In session In this city. Second
Vice President Harahan of the Illinois
Central ha* conceded a minimum scale*
of wages of 29 cents an hour, and this
will b*> accepted by the machinists pro
vided the company will airree to lot nine
hours constitute a day's work. Tfcus th«
question resolve* Itself In one of dollar*
and cents. Hlnco a ntn<*-hnur day will
give thr> men an extra half hour's pay
for all time over nlno hours.
Miners Return to Work.
IIAZELTON, Pa., Mar 13.— The men at
tho Ebervalo colliery of B. B. Mark!r &
Co., who struck several days ago because
of tho discharge of. one of their mtmbor,
resumed work this mornlnsr. Tin dis
charged miner was not reinstated, tho
company having proved to tho satisfac
tion of the miners that he had violated
the rules by leaving his work before quit
ting time.
"The Bowery After Dark" Plays to a Packed House and the
Situations Call for Much Shouting and Applause— Terrible Terry
Is Ever Present Demonstrating His Clever Fistic Ability
NEW YORK, May 13.— Under reassuring
news from London to the effect that a
basis of settlement with Northern Pacific
shorts had been agreed upon and that J.
P. Morgan was lending the stock "flat"
for delivery in that market, the Stock Ex
change began the day strong.
The first trading was well distributed
throughout the list at prices generally
higher than on the close Friday. Union
Pacific sold at 116 a few minutes after 10
o'clock, showing a gain of $40 a share as
compared with Thursday's low point.
Developments In Northern Pacific are
awaited with the keenest interest, but It
was the general opinion In Wall street to
day that It would be some time before tha
question of control would be definitely set
tled. It Is believed that one party to tha
controversy holds control through the pre
ferred stock and that several Intricate le
gal points are Involved concerning the
right of the directors of the company to
retire the preferred stock at par and thus
deprive it of its voting power.
The rise In Union Pacific was accompa
nied by a similar but not so extensive
movement in Amalgamated Copper, which,
opening at 116%, sold up to 120%, an ad
vance of 5*i as compared with Friday's
clone. It subsequently declined to US 1 *.
There were selling orders In Union Pa
cific above 120, and the stock fell back to
H6V2. but an immediate rally followed. To
ward noon the market became quieter and
weaker and generally declined on small
transactions. There was no sale of North
ern Pacific common until 11:30, when a
sale of 10O shares was made at 160, an ad
vance of ten points from Friday's last
¦ale.
LONDON, May 13.— The Stock Exchange
committee and J. P. Morgan have come
to the rescue of the situation, and the dif
ficulty in which operators and brokers
who have given calls for Northern Pacific
for the end of May and July found them
selves is satisfactorily settled.
The committee decided that the "buying
In" of Northern Pacific common and pre
ferred be suspended for the present. This
means that the stock need not be deliv
ered Immediately. The committee also
fixed the maklng-up price of Northern
Pacific common at 140. Morgan la lending
Northern Pacific at "evens" — that is, for
nothing.
Decided satisfaction has been expressed
on the Stock Exchange here over the ten
tative settlement of tne Northern Pacific
crisis. /The representatives here of Kuhn.
Locb & Co., Powell, Jackson & Georger,
paid to a representative of the Associated
Press:
There Ia much nervousness In view of th«
fact that the relief may be only temporary and
that another crisis may be precipitated by the
action of either Morgan or Harrlman. The sus
pension of the settlement' announced by> the
committee this morntr.s Is of indefinite dura
tion, but each day gained nelpa the liquidation
of accounts. The brokers who are th<j worst
affected generally hold options on Northern Pa
cific and they can realize In June and July. In
the meantime salvation depends on the leniency
of Mr. Morsran and Kuhn. Loeb & Co.
PROTECTING [WESTERN ROAUS
"Worked Out.
Flan Relating to Burlington Is Being
NEW YORK. May 13.-The Evening
Post says: It Is believed that some ar
rangement will be worked out by which
Burlington will be held so that It cannot
possibly be operated to Injure any of tho
western railroads. That is, the Union
Pacific will not only get an interest In the
property, but the St. Paul, which next to
the Union Pacific was most cerlously
jeopardized by the passing of Burlington's
control to the Northern transcontinental
lines, will share in the Burlincton con
tract, so that it will be removed absolute
ly as a disturbing- factor In the railroad
situation. It Is not believed that J. P.
Morgan & Co. will be displaced as the
Interest responsible before the public for
the management of the property, but
there was some suggestion to-day that
the alliance between Hill and Morgan,
which ha3 been of only about six months*
duration, will be ended. There is good
grounds for saying that while Hill has
probably retained the large interest In
Northern Pacific which he acauired last
summer, when the stock declined below 50
on the reduction of the dividend, the most
influential of Hill's friends in the direc
torate have liquidated their holdings.
They were, with Hill, who ia not a North
ern Pacific director, the most enthusias
tic advocates of the Burlington deal. This
was long opposed by the older Northern
Pacific people.
The Market Grows Firm
After the Settlement
With Shorts.
»- — 1
Tentative Adjustment of the
Northern Pacific Crisis
Gives Satisfaction.
GENERAL RALLY
IN WALL STREET
TERRY McGOVERN KNOCKS OUT A
SMALL ARMY IN FERVID MELODRAMA
DENVER, May 13. — Two hundred and
fifty brickmakers of this city are out as a
result of a refusal of the manufacturers
to accept the- new scale of wages demand
ed by the Brlckworkers* Union. Not more
than a third of the. twenty yards in the
city are running as a consequence of .the
strike. The new scale provides for a 10
per cent Increase in wages.
Brickmakers Quit Work.
Strike on Lake Steamers Over.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 13.— The long
Visitors to the City, Attention.
Tou are cordially Invited to visit the
beautiful model furnished flats out near
Golden Gate Park, on corner Oak and
Cole. Take Kills-street car or Haight
street car for Cole street. The Pnttosien
Company* corner Sixteenth and Mission
streets. The flats fire open every day
from 10 to 12 and 2 till 5 o'clock. •
"A Thoroughbred." It mixes In delight
fully confusing manner tho namo of a
girl and a horse In a way that has been
«lone before. Hut it is ropleto with telling
Hltuutiona and linos that make good. It'
affords opportunities guloro, not only for
tho star, but for hlu thoroughly ablo sup
porting company.
Kd Lntellc. a musical comedian who can
play the banjo nnd makn the point for
a funny Htory, and tho Ulson City quar
tet, In a budget of now Bongs and a par
cel of witticisms, make up tho list of tho
Fischer's Concert House.
Tho wonderful Agoust family, Zeh and
Borrow, cyclist: tho Huntings, eccentric
dancers: Mclntyre and Heath, tho cele
brated black lace comedians, and tho
American blograph. make up a bill that is
worthy of this holiday week.
Fischer's Concert-house was packed to
its utmost capacity last night and tho
new programme was thoroughly appre
ciated. Augusta Salvinl, the singing sou
brette, scored a hit, as did also De Boe,
styled the "upside down" man, who per
forms seemingly impossible feats on the
flying trapeze. Miss Clara Palmer Hyde,
a violinist of rare ability, responded to
three encores and Viola Bancroft and
Joseph Damery gave an entertaining
sketch entitled "The Result of Flirta
tion."
Alhambra.
.The Columbia Minstrel Company
packed the Alhambra again last night
and the first part was rewarded with tre
mendous applause. All of the singers and
end men are good and there are so many
of them that there is little chance for
comment. The olio is packed full of good
things and the show, taking it all in all,
Is one of the best of its kind ever seen
in San Francisco.
Chutes.
• The Chutes has a strong bill this week.
Josephine Gassman and her three picka
ninnies are the headllners and scored a
big hit. Frank Hall, the celebrated lion
tamer, made his reappearance in hia
thrilling act of subjugating Wallace, the
Hon. Other good numbers are Madeline
Franks, in songs and dances; Powers and
Freed, musical artists; Carroll; the whis
tler; the Samayoas, aerial artists; Maud
Mclntyre and new moving pictures.
Champions to Play Checkers.
A checker contest for the championship
of the Pacific Coast will be played at the
Mechanics' Institute next Sunday from 9
to 12 in the morning and 1 to 5 in the af
ternoon between H. M. Angell and W. J.
Bowe. The contestants are two of the
best players on the coast. The match is
to settle a controversy of five years'
{standing.
Olympia.
The new bill at the Olympla ia one of
the strongest in /some time. Miss Ethel
Barlow in living pictures received an en
thusiastic reception last night. The rest
of the programme was well received.
abroad. This count showed a sreat change
over that made on Saturday. While the stock
actually In their possession does not give them
control, the margins is very narrow and they
¦till have a great many purchasers to h»ar
from. If one- fourth of theiw result In deliv
eries of artual stock they will have control.
A member of tho Ilarriman-Kuhn-Loeb
syndicate,, who gave these facts to the
World reporter, «ald:
When Monran A Co. stated that they had
control of Northern Pacific they made the
statement In perfect iroo<l faith. In statin*
now that the stocks actually In our N posne»slon
rIv#r every Indication that we hav« got con
trol we do not wish It to be understood thnt.
Morgan & Co. hnve been saylngr anything; that
they we're not ronsrlentlously entitled to say.
Not a line was lost to the audience,
which packed the house and vented Its
enthusiasm on every possible occasion.
The show promises to draw big houses.
The cast is as fellows:
Terry McGovern, a Bowery boy....'...'
Terry McGovern
.Toneph Howe, a rousrh rider.. Robert Cummlngs
Robert Morris, a reflned criminal
- Stanley Ross
Tweng Lee, a Chinese gambling-house
keeper James Corrlgan
Issy Cohen, a Jolly good fellow
George Hernandez.
Michael Quirk, who \«nt3 to reform the
Bowery ." George Nichols
Charlie White, referee B. A. C
Ernest Ilowell
Joe Humphreys, announcer B. A. C
Joseph Humphreys
Flora Morris., the srambler's wife
Lorena Atwood
Flng, a Chinese woman Oza Waldrop
Mrs. GuKenhelmer, who wants to reform
Michael Margaret Marshall
Nellie, a. Bowery waif Fay Courtney
Chinamen, toughs, sailors, soldiers. Salvation
Army, etc.
youth 1. with pink cheeks but hardened
fists. In the last act he substitutes him
self for the fighter, who is "doped" by
•the "refined villain." Terry wins and the
villain is ruined and shot in the bacK by
Twang Lee. who does fantan as a spe
cialty during working hVurs. Issy Cohen,
labeled as "a jolly go<A fellow" on the
card, is the all-round Salvationist for the
good. He took the house outright.
SEATTLE. May 13.— A general strlko of
machinists was ordered by the local union
in this city to-night nnd 175 men will go
out to-morrow at noon. The men demand
nlno hours' work nnd the old rate of pay.
They work ten hours per day now. The
strike here was scheduled for May 20. but
was precipitated by the acceptance by a
local eBtabllHhmcnt of work from Tacoma,
where thero is a machinists' strike now
In progress.
Seattle Machinists Strike.
IN "Barbara Frietchie" Mr. Clyde Fitch
has written a play which can with
stand the attacks of learned histori
ans and purist critics. As we look at
Barbara, especially when so grace
fully personified as she was by Miss
Chapman last night, we don't care to re
member — and we don't remember— that
during the Civil War she was not a beau
tiful young girl but a bed-ridden old wo
man. When we see the striking tableau
that closes the play, we don't care to re
number that it is utterly unhistorical.
\Vh«n we hear Stonewall Jackson's fa
mous utterance atout not pulling down
the American Hag, we find it impossible to
r< .member— at the time— that it never was
uttered as Mr. FJlch makes it to be ut
tt-ird. In short, the treatment is so dra
jnatically interesting that for the time we
emrc&y forget the unreality of the sup
l>csed facts upon which this treatment is
bfised.
J5o much of praise, and well deserved
ionise, for the play in general. In detail,
there are some defect* *°.o 'glaring as to
make on" blink. Most conspicuous of
lhe»Q is the awkward and entirely un
4ifcch?ary division of the la«t act into
two bo<?no.s. the first of which, barely
ttitce minutes Ions, is much too short to
produce any serious emotional effect and
is followed by an interval so tedious as to
:r;r.kf; om- think seriously of coing homo
wfthcut w.'iitine for the Hecund scene.
There ure half a dozen wayti in which the
Jirwt HCcne— evidently introduced merely to
U:,(\ up to the ihiK-ralHitii; incident- could
liavo. l<crn tun into th« Kfcond. Not to
have Aouo thiK kHown a clunurincxH that
i« mind* one of what ono would gladly for-
K"i — that the it nt her of this pluy Is alt«o
tho Mithor of "Th.> Moth nnd the Flame."
As to the rendition, Ml?s Chnpman, In
addition tci looking graceful und pretty,
jilayed with an emotional power aulte as
r'-nourcfful as the part calls for. Mr.
Nflll had little to do but to look manfully
handsome, and make love in that tcndcrly
deep deeply-tender volte of his: this he
can do without apparent effort. Miss An
rtrews made a capital darky nurse and
the three young ladies— Miss Forbes, Miss
Dean and Miss Blair, looked so bewitch
ing in curls and crinoline that one is loth
to remind them that the scene of this
play being laid in Maryland, young
ladies who are supposed to live there
should not Epeak with accent of Indiana
nor of New Hampshire, nor yet of Okla
homa. It Is feurelv not too much to ex
pect of an actress that she shall acquire
the dialect and accent proper for a play
which, like this, depends so much upnn
atmosphere. / .j. u
The third act contains two exhibitions
of physical suffering that were last nieht
given "at undue and painful length. These,
in my opinion, should be much curtailed
in the presentation: they certainly stamp
on the minds of the audience an lmjM-es-
Fion of nothing but horror— and that is not
what people go to the theater for. Gen
eral Jackson, too, should be taken off his
horse and made to walk: as ha prances
around the stage on that ill-trained and
Ill-managed fed be # p -- T^£ u "
Columbia.
The second week of "Saff Harbor" at
the Columbia bids fair to be a conspicuous
success. Last evening the attendance was
pood. The drama went along smoothly
and the story was told so well that It had
tho effect of realism, with a peculiar fla
vor that commended Itself to those fa
miliar with the sort of surroundings that
make up the characteristic framework for
the pretty love story. Forrest Robinson
e.s Ben Turner, J. Wooster Dean as Frank
Turner, and Fanchon Campbell as Martha
all added to the favorable Impression that
they had earlier made. Messrs. Hodge as
Freeman Whltmarsh and G«orge Wood
ward as Captain Dan furnished the com
edy element. The general verdict on the
play le that it Is excellently presented, al
though the story is illogical In its final
dt\elopment. but with enough pathos and
pleasing- variety to keep it In favor for
Jnore than one season. "Sag Harbor' will
run through the week.
Alcazar.
Milton Royle's Interesting comedy drama
"Friends" was again presented at the Al
cazar Theater last night to a crowded
house. It was produced • the previous
Monday night on the occasion of the bene
fit of -St. Brigld's Church and the cast
last night was the same. The play Itself
is so admirably constructed, blending high
class comedy with tragedy so effectively
that the feelings of the audience are kept
alternating from grave to gay throughout
the four acts. Howard Scott as Hans
Otto, the drunken father, again scored a
great success and was honored with a
special call before the curtain after the
close of the third act with Its intensely
dramatic situation. It is an exceedingly
clever piece of character work. Joseph
Kilgour in the comedy part of John.
I-eden Jr. and Barton Hill as John Paden
Sr. were admirable and their dialogue was
refreshing. Charles Bryant as Adrian
Karje and Richard Scott as Harold HXnt
iiiff were well suited to the parts. Miss
Lila Convere was Marguerite Otto, and
her art was forcibly demonstrated in the
lights and shades of the part which she
&o elegantly portrayed. Miss Agnes Ran
k^n made a charming "little mother" and
Miss Georgie Cooper and Miss Gufba Dau
det. although they had little to do, helped
to make the piece successful.
Tivoli.
A large audience saw "The Toy Maker"
at the Tivoli last night and from tho
recognition it received thq opera is as
sured a successful run. From the time
tho curtain went up until the opera ended
tho catchy music and general snap of the
performance were delightful. Every mem
ber of the cast was cordially received nnd
it in not too much to say that Ferris Hart
man in the principal comedy rolo scored
the most pronounced hit of his career In.
thifl city.
"The Toy Maker" Is replote with humor
ous hlinnt Ions and pretty music. The cos
tumoH Hiid .«fttl>iKH are good.
Mr. Hnrtmnn ;is Johanus Guggcnhclmcr,
tho toy tnnkcr. made the most of a char
nctor peculiarly fitted to his fancy und
whimsical talents. Annie Myers as Elmi.
an automatic doll, cosily shared the hon
ors of tho play with the comedian. Her
yona in the Hrst act immediately caught
th« audience, and Is ono of the prettiest of
the reason.
Arthur Cunningham, lending 1 a chorus
of rrenks, sunsr as he always does, su
perbly, and was enthusiastically encored
several times during the evening.
Edward Webb not only contributed to
the ludicrous features of the ocera by
clever and refined acting but sang rarely
well. Harry Cashman as Schwartzenbach
came into his own as one of the most pop
ular members of tho Tivoli company, af
ter an absence of more than a year from
its ctatre.
The decided features of the piece were
the two songs of Ferris IjTartman. With
six of his prodigies in the way of doll
making he was encored repeatedly in tho
first act for his clever rendition of the
popular ditty "When Ruben Comes to
Town." Again in the last act, when he
sang "Things I Never Did Before," he was
bi ought before the curtain more than a
dozen times.
"Of the many pleasing operas seen on the
Tivoli's stage during the reason none has
(riven greater satisfaction or is entitled
to greater praise than "The Toy Maker."
Grand Opera-House.
If ever there existed a tolerably good
play, hampered with an intolerably bad
title, that play is "Government Accept
ance." There Is nothing in the name to
suggest the humor that bubbles from the
lips of that realistic liar, N.' Tecumseh
Sheridan, or that purrounds with a halo of
merriment the wabbling figure of Cap
tain Paul Rainerd. These are the funny
characters that atone for the bad name
of the play and they are well handled by
Eromett Shackelford as the soldier and T.
J. McGrane as the jovial sea captain. The
serious roles are those of Robert Gordon,
the electrlciaH, who has a boat to sell
to the Government, and Richard Bund
age, his rival, and the execrated villain of
the comedy drama. Gordon, in the hands
of Jack Webster; is a hero -in plain life,
who carries with him from start to finish
the sympathy of the audience and Brund
age, as portrayed by Asa Lee Willard,
won not a few hisses for his clever imper
sonation. Florence Stone has the oart of
a vain but good hearted woman and Ma
thilde Choate does the widow Kingsley
most sympathetically.
Orphetun.
James O. Barrows is back at the Or
pheum 1n "A Thoroughbred," a worthy
successor to the military playlet In which
he scored so heavily last year. There Is
nothing Btartllngly new nor original in
LONDON, May 13,-Thc Marquis of Sal
ini.nrv nneaklnK to-night at tho banquet
of tho' Unionist Associa
tlon, said: . . ,
"It i3 a sad retrospect when wo think
of ,tho number of younff lives that have
been quenched, tho splendid , hopes cut
short and the amount of blood shed in the
war in South Africa. It is a grievous re
trosrect Yet from it any suggestion of
wrong on tho part of the empire is abso
lutely absent. Indeed, there are circum
stances which can make every lover of his
country look back with exultation and
gratitude upon the two years just passed.
"These circumstances have been able to
show that the spirit of our countrymen
has burned as brightly as at any other
P^W d he°n £ .I OU wa h S 1S a? r Ih 6 Foreign Office I
us<»d to hear not infrequently that our
time" had passed; that our star had set;
that we were living on the valor of those
who had gone before. The war in South
Africa has shown -the strength of Eng
land, which was never more conclusive y
shown There is no power in the world
out knows that, if it defied the might- of
England it would defy one of the most
formidable enemies it could encounter.".'
Subsequently the Premier said:
"If home rule had passed in 1SS3 what
would the English position, with a hostile
Irish government in Dublin, have been to
day? What would' our position have been
if we not only had to meet the Transvaal
and the Orange Free State but also an
equally hostile Ireland by our side? We
know from experience, the danger of let
ting Ireland have a measure of independ
ence We knoW' now that if* we allowed
those who are leading Irish politics un
limited power of making preparations
against us we should have to begin by
conquering Ireland if ever we had to fight
any other power."- ...
The Marquis of Salisbury
Glories in Result ot
the Boer War.
ENGLISH SPIRIT
BRIGHTLY BURNS
fis-jy^HE heat was terrific at the Cen-
I tral Theater, last night. Belasco
§ & Thall's stock company, aug
11 mented by Terry McGovern, Danny
Dougherty and Joe Humphreys, in
the rare, perfervid, lurid melodrama, "The
Bowery After Dark," produced the excess
of thermal extrayagance. Four thermom
eters on' tho other side of the street
coughed their last and all the atmospheric
registers in the neighborhood showed the
ghost in a futile endeavor to keep pace
with the fearful, torrid drama that ran
four acts within the inclosure.
McGovern is well worth the seeing as a
fighter and doubly so as an actor. Inside
the "roped arena" in a single night but
one man falls to his vicious, earth-lower
ing swings and jolts. On the stage the
pugilistic vandal gives free morpheal
transportation to armies of villainous bel
ligerents. Big men with heavy, basso
rrofundo voices, Chinese conspirators and
all the rabble of the real, palpitating melo
drama fall before his mighty, forceful left
and right. There never was such a drama
as the post-sunlighted Bowery. It teems
with action, incident and situation and
must be seen to be appreciated. The 121
pound "Terrible" is in snd of it.
First of all the scenic effects is a saloon
on the bowery in which the plot is
hatched. The bad man. and he is the
perfection of black-striped villainy, wants
to sell his wife into slavery. On the pro
gramme he goes as a "refined villain."
Any old thing goes with him— murder,
pills or strangulation. His wife is a
piece of monumental patience waiting for
his demise, naturally or violently secured.
It comes in the last act, when the Chin
ese accomplice perforates a dorsal artery
and then the entire company grows gay
over the prospective funeral, and the
rougti rider, Joseph Howe, holds Flora
Morris, the bad man's wife, in his arms,
whispering: "At last, at last, I have
you." All this happens at the ringside
after the "Terrible Terry" puts the re
doubtable lightweight champion, "Frankie
Kerne," out of business. Then comes the
denouement. Terry takes his wife unto
himself. The good man kisses the good
woman and the spectators— composed of
steam-beer drinkers from the south side —
shout "long live the champion!"
There is not a poor one in the part.
They all shine with a light that possesses
sucli heat penetrating powers that much
fog and iced drinks are necessary to cool
the head after taking.
Opium joints, street scenes and the
ringside with sports and others congre
gated outside the ropes make up the
spectacular element of the play. Terry,
the boy wonder, evolutes from a Bowery
cry shoulder-swinger, to a Tuxedo-clad
RENATOB CLAUK A BUYER.
strike between tho marine engineers and
the United States Steel Corporation was
settled at a final conference to-day.
This agreement ends the engineers' Btrike
on lake steamers, which had been on for
tho last throe months. . Chief Hayes -of
the steel corporation's fleet would* not
givo out the terms of the HPttl«ment. as
he said It had been njjreed by both sides
not to do so.
Secures Union Pacific Stock to Aid
Hill-Morgan Party.
NEW YORK, May 13.— Tho World to
morrow will say that Senator William
Clark, who In now abroad, was a largo
purchaser of Union Pacific Htoclt and that
theso purchnnen worn mailo In behalf of
the Hlll-Morgnn party. Tho World will
also Bay:
An tmmcnfie hnttle la now on for control ot
tho Union Varinc. tho fl^ht b*ln» retaliatory
bv Morgan against tho Hnrrlman nyndlcete for
tho lnttcr'a strujfKln to wrcut th» Northern Pa
cific from tho Illll-Mor&nn crowd, Kuhn, Loch
& Co. yesterday (Monday) eomnlMed a re
vlnni count of all thn xtock actually held by
them and their allies here anil by their agents
TERRY McGOVERN AND A FEW- OF THE SIDE LUMINARIES IN " THE BOWERY AFTER DARK," THE LURID
MELODRAMA AT THE CENTRAL THEATER. WHICH IS PACKED WITH HEAVY, FULSOME PUGILISTIC
\ SITUATIONS AND HAIR-RAl'SING CLIMAXES.
"WASHINGTON, May 13.— Conferences
were in progress In this city to-day be
tween President O'Connell of the Interna
tional Association of Machinists, Presi
dent Gompers of the American Federation
of, Labor and officials of several smaller
working trades other than the machinists,
considering the moral and financial sup
port to be given the proposed strike of
machinists.
' President O'Connell said the outlook was
very encourag'ng for a successful strike
in many localities. A number of firms
not now complying with the arrangement
entered into between the machinists and
the association of employers as to a nine
hour day signed to-day, and O'Connell
predicts that a large number of these will
have signed by Hay 20. He says the
Btrlko will affect at least 100,000 men di
rectly and moiv than that number of al
lied mechanics indirectly.
It is stated that the machinists will be
supported in lliclr struggle by the Ameri
can Federation of Labor.
NEW YUKK. May 13.— Secretary Wilson
of district 13 or the National Association
of Machinists was interviewed to-day con
cerning tlio order sent out Saturday by
National PreaMmt .Tamon O'Connell fit
Washington railing a strike of all ma
chinists throughout the country on Mon
day next unless »;mployers algned the
agreement for a working day of nine
hours and an Increase of 12V2 per cent in
wnges.
"There is HttU- doubt in my mind," said
Wilson, "that the strike will actually take
place, but the employers have until Satur
day next to come to our terms. That is the
last working dixy before the date set for
the order to go into effect. The figures
given in the Washington dispatches are
wrong. They fay the strike, if it takes
place,. will affect only 150,000 men. On the
contrary, it will affect close to G0O.OO0 men.
"The machinists alone who will be
called out will bo 150,000, but all trades de
pending on the machinists for their tools
will be brought to a standstill. An erro
neous opinion ptevails that this strike will
mean the practical stoppage of all work
on public buildings and great contracts,
like the rapid transit subway. It will do
nothing of the kind. In this district about
10,000 of pur men will be affected."
STONES FOR NON-UNION" MEN.
Street Car Lines.
Police Protect Imported Labor for
ALBANY, N. Y., May 13.— Under the
escort of a platoon of mounted pollcs and
surrounded by a mob of 2000 Albanians,
200 non-union men were taken at mid
nigfht to the Quail-street car barns of the
United Traction Company, which is the
main station . of the Albany lines of the
United Traction Company. Stones were
hurled at the non-union men as they
were taken to the barns.
This is the first step taken by the com
pany to operate its lines with non-union
men. The officials of the company an
nounce that traffic will be resumed in the
morning. The non-union men, it Is said,
came from Philadelphia and were met
at the station by a platoon of mounted
officers and two patrol wagons full of
policemen.
The directors of the company remained
in session all afternoon, awaiting a reply
from the strikers to a compromise prop
osition made at a conference this morn
ing 1 . The strikers of the three cities met
and unanimously agreed not to accept
the proposition. To-night the directors
gave orders to the officers to open the
roads to-morrow.
Santa Fe Raises "Wages.
Notices were sent to the Sheriffs of Al
bany and Rensselaer counties and the
Mayors and Chiefs of Police of Albany,
Troy, Watervliet, Cohoes and Rensse
laer of the intention to operate together
with requests for police protection. For
ty-five inspectors of the company were
sworn in as Deputy Sheriffs.
TOPBICA, Kans., May 13.— After a con
ference with a committee representing- the
International Union of Machinists, the
AtchJson, Topeka and Santa Fo Railroad,
through General Manager Mudge, has
agreed to raise the wages«pf all shopmen
alonjr the entire system. The machinists
had threatened to strike on May 20. The
machinists getting heretofore 27 cents an
hour were raised to 30 cents: 2S% cents
men to 31 cents. These wages prevailed
since 1893. Fifty-nine hours will consti
tute a week's work. The schedule Is ef
fective, from May 1.
Coming Struggle May Affect
Close on to Six Hundred
Thousand Men.
Machinists Will Receive
Support of American
Federation.
LABOR LEADERS
DISCUSS STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1901.
California Theater Has a Star Production.
"Toy Maker" Well Received at Tivoli.
Good Bill Is Presented at the Orpheum
"BARBARA FRIETCHIE" IS I
A VERY STRONG PLAY
7
Moderately Priced Apartments.
Permanent and transient guests will , find
Hotel Neoveau, 312. Stockton St., conveniently
located and first-class in every, detail. •
to tKc'oian wrtH tfoe. Hoe. d*ffi
Remember th^voman .^p^/m^^^^^K -
will lighten her burdenso m ' \p£
The N. K. Fairbank Company, ¦¦JmW Vm
Chicago St. Lovils New York Philadelphia Sflllmm;] \$XW
Manufacturers of FAIRY SOAP. > «.^^^^^Supreme Court Appointments.
John Haynes, N.' P. Chipman, Wheaton
A. Gray, James A. Cooper and George H.
Smith have beenrenppointed as commis
sioners of the- Supreme Court. D. B
Woolf is also reappointed as secretary to
the board.
Shot and Killed.
WICHITA, Kan s.. May 13.— W. L. Mar
tin, one of the oldest implement men in
tho Southwest, was - shot and instantly
killed at Winfield' to-night. No details
have reached here. '..
Unidentified Drowned Man round.
The body of an unidentified drowned
man was found yesterday afternoon by
Italian fishermen in the bay near the Fort
Point Life Saving Station. . Trie body tiad
been in the water about a month and the
features were uniecognizable. The dead
r.<an welehed about 170 pounds and one
ttrth was missing from the upper jaw.
The clothing consisted, of a black over
fchirt with white stripes, ,. white cotton
underwear and black :. shoes that laced.
The remains were taken to the morgue for
identification. : ¦¦ •
Burned Bones Lead Up to the Arrest
' ;* and Confession of the ;
Guilty Couple. --'
.LONDON. May 13.-The Vienna corre
spondent of the Daily News reports that
the parents of a 52-year-old girl, residing
in the village .of Pressberg, Southern
Styria, were accused of butchering the
child and eating all of her body. Thev
tried to burn the bones, and the discov
ery of the remnants of these led to their
arrest. When confronted with the evi
dence of the crime t they confessed their
guilt.
PARENTS EAT FLESH
OF THEIR SLAIN CHILD
Catherine C. Heckman has sued Richard
J. Heckman for a divorce, alleging failure
to provide a s cause of action., Suits for
divorce on the ground of desertion have
been filed by Emma D. Galliker against
William A. Galliker: Helen Ailman
against Samuel H. Ailman and William C.
Neumeyer against Louise Neumeyer.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Last evening Olive Branch Chapter of
the Order of tlio Eastern Star, Mrs. Rose
Pistoles! grand matron, was officially vis
ited by Grand Matron Mrs. Maud E. Bow
ers of Santa .Ana. She was greeted by.
about 250 members of the order, among
them a number of past and present grand
officers tind oSIicers of nearly, all of the
local chapters. For the purpose of show
ing how well the officers performed the
work there was .the initiation of five can
didates, and the; manner in which the of
ficers delivered the charges was highly
commended by the visiting official. After
the work of tho evening there was a so
cial hour, with vocal and Instrumental
music and ice cream and "cakes.
The Grand Matron Visits.
"W. P. -Leonard pleaded guilty to a
charge of grand larceny in Judge Cook's
court yesterday and was sentenced to two
years in San Quentin.. March 21 he broke
into the cabin of E. C. Mausshardt, engi
neer of the tug Relief, and stole his gold
watch and other articles.
Two Years for Grand Larceny.
OAKLAND, May 13.— Thirty-four hom
ing pigeons from seven lofts owned, by
members of the Pacific Pigeon Club were
liberated at Ashland, Ore., yesterday by
D. A. Applegate. •
Birds 'from oniy three of the lofts reDre
sented in the fly reported. These, with
their records, are as follows:
A Lernhart. Centerville, Cal.— A.L. 13, flying
321 miles 393 yards in 9 hours 27 minutes at the
speed of 997.27 yards per minute.
J G Lubben, Alameda, Cal.— B.B. 39, flying
305 "miles 907 yards in 9 hours 6 minutes at the
tpeed of 984.81 yards per minute.
A L. Schaffer, Oakland. Cal.— B. B. 90, fly
ing 304 miles 617 yards in 9 hours 54 minutes at
the speed of 900.09 yards per minute.
Three Birds Arrive at Lofts in Ala
meda County WitMn the Time .
Limit.
HOMING PIGEONS MAKE
A FLY FROM ASHLAND
Caught Under a Huge Stone.
Adam Gillls, a stonecutter at McGil
vray's stone yard, King and Second
streets, came very near losing his life
yesterday. Gillis was- at, work cutting a
stone when in some unaccountable man
ner the huge block slipped from its pedes
tal" and fell on top of him. Fortunately
for him' a fragment of broken stone lay
on the ground, on which the larger stone
fell, so that he only received a portion
of its weight. As soon as he was ex
tricated Gillls was rushed' off to the
Emergency Hospital, where he was treat
ed by Dr. Malaby. No bones were broken,
but Gillis received several contused
wounds of the body. He was removed to
bis home at 532 Third street. .V
Mrs. Kennedy Bobbed While Walk
ing Along Geary Street— Her
Dcspoiler Arrested.
While walking along Geary street near
Stockton last night, Mrs. L». S. Kennedy
of 29 Geary street had her satchel, con
taining $145 85, snatched from, her by a
young man who Immediately ran away.
He was pursued by Officer Braig, who
captured the thief after a short chase.
At the City Prison a loaded revolver
was found in the prisoner's pocket, and
the charges of grand larceny and carry-
Ing a concealed weapon were accordingly
placed against him.
McCloskey, who gave his occupation as
that of a cook,. claimed that he was driven
to the crime through hunger. •¦ The police
doubt the statement, and are satisfied
that he Is an Eastern crook. The satchel
and money ' were booked as evidence
against him.
FOLD CROOK STEALS
I A WOMAN'S SATCHEL
Lady of the West won, Miss Patron second
Eda Riley third. Time. 1:44.
NEW YORK, May 13.— Morris Park sum
mary:
First race, the May Blossom, six furlongs-
Brandy Smash won, Godfrey second Mayor
Gilroy third. Time. 1:13%. • '
Second race. Kinder race No. 2, four and a
half furlongs— Grail won. Enright second Mus
idora third. Time. :54^4.
Third race. Apprentice race, seven furlongs
Malster won. Glen Nellie second, Satire third
1:29»£.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling— Petra
II won. Balloon second. Semlnole third. Time
1:29*.
Fifth race; one mile — Water Cure won, Her
bert second. Hammock third. Time 1:42%
Sixth race, the Meadow Brook hunters*
steeplechase, about two and a half miles-
Last Cord won. Bacchanal second Hijrhbee
third. Time, 4:56%. 6
CINCINNATI. May 13.— The results at New
port: .
First race, six furlongs, selling— Reluctant
won. Caloocan second, Flying Bird third
Time, 1:15%.
Second race, /our furlongs— May Quick won
Queen Frlese second. Effect third. Time -49%
Third race, six furlongs— Sprlngwells' won
J. J. T. second, Imperialist third. Time, 114y
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs— El
GIva won. Myrtle Dell second. Ben Hullum
third. Time, :E5.
Fifth race, one mile — Unsightly won Little
Henry second, Charley O'Brien third. Time,
Sixth race, six furlongs, spiling— Little Blllle
won. Edr.a Garry second, Nancy Seitz third
Time. 1:15.
Seventh race, hurdle, mile— Mr. "Brookwood
won, Charlie Daniels second, Sauber third
Time, lMS^.
CINCINNATI. May 13.— Latonla opened its
gates for the spring season of 1901 under fa
vorable auspices. The track was fast and the
weather, although somewhat chilly, was bright
and clear. The attendance was far beyond ex
pectations and looked somewhat like the old
days at the famous track, there being about
6000 fpectators. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Schn-il for Scandal
won. Johnny McCarthy second, Sim W, third.
Second race, mile— G. W. W. won. Lone Flo
second. Whitfleld third. Tim* 1:42^i
Third race, four and a half furlongs— Mamie
English won. Sweet BUlie second Jean Ra
phael third. Time, :S6'4.
Fourth race, mile and a half. Latnnla Der
bv—Hernandeo won, Gaherls second. Judge Red
Wine third. Time. 2:S5i4. s ¦
Fifth race, four and a half furlonsra— P^nte- :
cost won. Jambert second. The Rival third I
Time. :55%.
Sixth race, mile— Gawaino won, Uledl second
Anchor third. Time, ¦ 1:43%.
Samuel Daniels, assistant cashier of the
Bank of California, testified that on
March 29 the defendants' son deposited
$S723 40 in the bank and on April 13 drew
out $8400. Thomas H. Reynolds of the
Western Union Telegraph Company iden
tified a telegram sent by the male de
fendant on February 16 to William Bur
bank, Los Angeles, purporting to be
signed by the old man, as follows: "Don t
tell any of my business to my sister. She
is meddling."
Mrs. Gowdey, the complaining witness,
took the stand for further cross-examina
tion by Attorney Knight. She admitted
that on 1 April 18. the day she swore to
the complaint, she got a telegram from
her brother-in-law in Minneapolis stating
that the old man had arrived there.
Miss Tillie Rodgers, niece of the old
man, testified to arriving here. on April
7 with her mother from Minneapolis 'n
accordance with arrangements made with
Mrs. Jacaues. Mrs. Jacques told them
that Joseph owned eleven houses, but
nothing was ever said as to the old man
having any money.. Mrs. Jacques told
them that Joseph wanted to make a deed
in their favor to all his property, and if
they had not come young Jacques Intend
ed taking Joseph to Japan, to be out of
Mrs. Gowdey's way. April 11 Jacques sug
gested they should return home to Min
neapolis; and he gave her $500, getting
her to sign a receipt for $5000 and telling
her that the balance of $4500 would be
kept in the Safe "Deposit vaults for her.
The $500 was for their traveling expenses.
When they arrived In Minneapolis they
were surprised to get a telegram stating
that Joseph had left this city and asking
her to meet him and young Jacques- at
Cheyenne. She did so and took Joseph to
her home. Joseph had only $3 50 in his
pocket and she had to pay for his trans
portation from Cheyenne to Minneapolis.
In cross-examination the witness .ad
mitted that she had intended calling upon
her aunt. Mrs. Gowdey, here, but the
Jacques family would not let her.
admitted writing a letter on March 19 to
Mrs. Jacques, in which she wrote that
she and her mother were indignant at
Mrs. Gowdey for wanting to be Joseph s
guardian. She also admitted that on April
21, after her return to Minneapolis, she
wrote young Jacques that Joseph had
been airaid all the time, that Mrs. Gowdey
would catch him before he got to Minne
apolis. Miss Rodgers' cross-examination
was not concluded when the court ad
journed. The case will be resumed to
morrow afternoon.
The preliminary examination of Thomas
G. Jacques and his wife, Caroline E. Jac
ques, on the charge of kidnaping old Jo
seph O'Hare was resumed before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday afternoon. Nothing of
an exciting nature was developed.
Detroit 8 12 3
Chicago 7 9 6
Batteries— Miller and McCallister; Harvey,
Patterson and Sullivan.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. May 13.— The Brooklyns for
feited the game with New York to-day. They
protested against a decision In the ninth in
ning, Umpire CTDay ruling- that Keeler had not
crossed the plate before . Daly was retired at
third base. The entire Brooklyn team sur
rounded the umpire, and after waiting the
necessary three minutes for the Brooklyns to
take the field the official declared the game
forfeited to New York by the score of 9 to 0.
Attendance. 6100. Score when the game was
forfeited follows:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 7 7 8
Brooklyn 7 10 3
Batteries— Taylor and Bowerman; Donovan
and Magulre. Umpire— O' Day.
BOSTON, May 11.— Seven passes on balls and
ten hits, with a total of fourteen bases, won
the game for Philadelphia to-day In spite of
their seven errors. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Boston .' 6 9 3
Philadelphia ....» 6 10 7
Batteries— La wson and' Kittredge; Donohue
, and McFarland. Umpire— Nash. • }
PITTSBURG, May 13.— Beckley put Cincinnati
In first place by scoring one run and batting in
the other two made by the visitors. Pittsburg
was unfortunate in base running, twice. falling
on opportunities of winning. Attendance 4000.
Plttsburg 2 8 0
Cincinnati 3 11 2
Batteries— Chesbro and Zlmmer; McFadden
and Kahoe. Umpire— Dwyer.
Boston 2 6 4
Washington 5 10 1
Batteries — Kellum and Criger; Carrick and
Brady.
MILWAUKEE, May 13.— Scott pitched good
ball to-day, but poor support lost him the
game, Havrley was hit hard In only one in
nlnff. Attendance. SOO; Score:
Clubs— . R. H. . E.
Milwaukee 5 10 1
Cleveland 4 8 6
Batteries— Hawley and Leahy; Scott and
Wood.
BALTIMORE. May 13.— The Baltimore team
defeated the Philadelphia Athletics In the sec
ond panne of the series here this afternoon.
Attendance. 2700. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Baltimore 14 10 3
Athletics ..5 9 5
Batterles-^McGinnlty and Robinson; Baker,
Plank. Powers and Murphy.
DETROIT, May 13.— Chicago' tied the score
In the ninth. Gleason reached home with the
winning run for Detroit when "Dutch" let the
ball go through his legs. Attendance, 2700.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
BOSTON. May 13.— Washington won to-day
by hard and consecutive hitting, in the sixth,
seventh and eighth innings. Attendance, 3200.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
EASTERN BALL GAMES.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
George McRobin, who is employed in the
tailoring establishment of Mrs. Tarpey at
2820 Greenwich street, yesterday became
angry at some remark made by the pro
prietress and picking up a knife, hurled it
at her after threatening to send her
to "the morgue. He was arrested and
charged with threats against life.
Threatened Her Life.
Miss Rosamond Rodaklnson, daughter
pf Dr. M, L. Rodaklnsor., one of the best
known translators of the Babylonian Tal
mud in the world. Is at the Palace. Miss
Rodakinson wa: born in Austria, and in
addition to being a fine linguist has con
siderable literary ability. She is a deep
student of the Talmud and has been of
great assistance to her father In translat
ing that valuable work.
Talented Young Woman Here.
Says She Got $500 and
Signed a Receipt for
$5000.
O'HARE'S NIECE
ON THE STAND
WORD was received in this
city yesterday, that Supreme
Chancellor Ogden H. Fethers
of the Knights of Pythias will
arrive here to-morrow. He
Touns Bros.. Herman Brcs. et al.— Decree of
the District Court as to L... W. Nixon and Fan
nie J. Lott reversed, with costs.
Andrew Anderson et al. vs. H. Buchanan,
the Pusret Sound Tugboat Company et al. —
Decree affirmed, with costs.
Washington Dodge, as Assessor of the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, vs. the Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco— Decree affirmed, with costs.
Singer Manufacturing Company vs. Herman
Cramer — Judgment affirmed.
Woey Ho, aprieal from the United States
District Court — Judgment affirmed.
Judges Gilbert, Ross, Morrow and Haw
ley, sitting as 'the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals, handed down decisions
yesterday as follows:
A. M. Simpson and James Magee vs. Robert
Dollar et al. and Robert Dollar et al. vs. A.
M. SlmDson et al. — Decree affirmed.
J. F. Higgins, master of the respondent
steamer Homer, " claimant, and J. S. Gold
smith and F. M. Graham, stlpulators, vs.
Charles H. Newman— Decree affirmed, with the
modification that the award of damages should
be reduced to $C0OO.
Court of Appeals Decision.
Golden Gate Commandery, Knights
Templar, had the following named officer*
installed last night in Golden Gate Com
mandery hall in the presence of a large
number of Sir Knights: H. D. Loveland,
eminent commander; Robert B. Moore,
generalissimo; Robert "\V\ Campbell, cap
tain general; .Robert Ash, senior warden;
A. "W. McKenzie, junior warden; Phil D.
Code, prelate; W. D. Keyston, treasurer;
Theo Frolich. recorder; James G. Spauld-
Ing, standard bearer: George W. Bauer,
sword bearer: John Bennett, warder; H.
M. Furman. Alonzo B. "Woods and Albert
J. de Lamare, guards; S. D. Mayer, musi
cal director, and W. H. Smith, sentinel.
After the ceremony there was a ban
quet, at which the new commander pre
sided and made a few introductory re
marks. Past Grand Master R. H. Lloyd
responded to the toast "President McKin
ley," Past Commander J. C. Campbell
spoke on "Harmony" and R. B. Moore on
"Fraternal Fellowship." --";.;
Knights Install Officers.
General Shafter estimated that the num
ber, of graves in the National Cemetery
had increased 1000 since Memorial day of
last year. He promised to obtain for the
use of the committee a definite statement
as to the number of graves in the cem
etery. The committee adjourned to meet
at army headquarters next Monday after
noon.
General Shafter has taken measures to
ascertain the number of roses that can
be supplied from the Presidio reservation.
The committee will ask contributions from
Golden Gate Park.
George T. Johnson, chairman of the
committee on decoration and transporta
tion, submitted a report recommending 1
that a small flag be yiaced on every grave
in the National Cemetery. He said it was
the judgment of the committee that only
three set floral pieces be protided. It
was suggested that small bouquets, such
as soldiers placed in their guns be hand
ed to the comrades In line. The use of
loose flowers in profusion was recom
mended. The chairman said it was the
intention of the committee to send men
to the San Mateo County cemeteries on
May 29 to decorate the soldier graves
therein;
A communication from the adjutant of
Garfield Post, G. A. R., was read and
placed on file. The general committee was
informed that*the post had resolved to
decline the invitation to join in the cere
monies at the Presidio and decided to hold
exercises at the Grand Army plat In Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
Colonel John C. Currier, from the pro
gramme committee, reported progress.
He announced that Metropolitan Temple
had been -engaged for the evening exer
cises, i
There was a meeting yesterday, after
noon of the general committee appointed
by the Mayor to arrange for observance
of Memorial day in San Francisco. The
committee met at the headquarters of the
United States army fn the Phelan build
ing. Major General Shatter, president of
the day, presided. It was announced that
the platform at the National Cemetery,
Presidio, would be completed before
May 30. ' %•;?':
The Committee Meets at
Headquarters United
States- Army.
A local committee of members of the
Knights of Pythias will meet the distin
guished visitors at Sacramento, and jour
ney with them to this city. General C. F.
McGlashan,. In command of the UniXorm
Rank In California, will also meet them
at Truckee, and accompany them to the
MEMORIAL DAY
PLAN OUTLINED
These distinguished visitors are coming
here to make arrangement for the annual
convention of the Knights of Pythlaa,
which will be held in SansFrancisco in
1902. The meeting out here will be largely
attended, the average attendance at a
convention of this kind being 16,000. Spe
ciel half -fare rates will be made by the
railroad companies.
will be accompanied by Major General
James R. Carnahan, who Is In command
of the Uniform Rank, and J. M. Powell,
adjutant general.
TWO OF THE LEADING KNIGHTS
OF. PYTHIAS OF AMERICA, ON
THEIR WAY HERE. -
OAE"LAT7T> KACR TRACK. Monday,
May 13. 1P01.— \v«= ather fine: track fast.
2440. FIRST RACE— Five and a half fur-
lor.^s; selling; 4-year-olds and up; puree, $300.
Irdex. Hnrss. Wt. Jockey. St. V*. Str. Fin.
2f26 L. Clieveden, 4. 110. Sturt 4 4 3 2 2 In
(i'416)Searchl't, 6. H2..Basepr 11112 2 1
2411 S. of Tareus. 4, 112.Alxdr 2 3 h 3 1 3 %
2<!2K G'd Finder. 4 112.Matrn 6 6 h 4 h' 4 2
2374 Hilary. 4. 112.Fauntleroy 7 5^71 52
2S20 K. Walcott. 4. 105.Kus»ll S 7 Vt 6 2 6 2
ZlWOnvx. 5. 107 Hazard? 8 2 8 2 7 :>
2374 King's Pal, 4, 113. ..Ruiz 3 2 h 5 2 S h
1I411 Y'r Morello, 4. 115. Brown 5 9 9 9 2
22*'S Bardad. 4, 112 Prl->rl0 10 10 10
2307 Position. 5. KS.Marshallll 11 11 11 :
Time— 3-16, :1S; y-, :43u": 5%f. l:0S. Good
dart. Won first three driving. Winner. J. L.
Rector's ch. m. by- imp. Clieveden-Miss Lou.
Winner showed speed in false breakaways and
outstayed Searchlight. Saul has an affection of
the throat. King's Pal Is a "dog." Too short
for Morello. Scratched — Frank Woods 112.
Bettinp— Lou Clieveden, 12: SearchllgTit. 13-3;
Saul of Tarsus? 2; Gold Finder, 30; Hilary. 10;
Katie Walcott, 8: Onyx, 12; King's Pal. 12;
Young Morello, 3i); Bagdad. 60; Position, 20.
2441 . BECOND RACE— Three and a half fur :
longs: selling; maiden 2-year-olds; purse, J300L
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
22S3 Dandy. 113 Ruiz 1 14 ... 14
2393 Remele. 10S Alexander 2 3 % ... 2h
2417 Autumn Time, 3O5.Hafley 5 5 hi ... 3 n .
2429 Flattered, 105 Hoar 6 6 1 ... 4 5
23S7 Pos.t Bell, lOo.Fauntleroy 8 2^ ... 5 V4
2177 The Maniac, lOS.Newbry 4 8l" ... 6 3
22R5 Frank Bain, lOS.BassngrlO 4!5 ... 7 3
23S7 Clear Sky. 105 Tullett 9 9 2 ... 8 H
.... Cathello, 103 Ransch 8 8 % ... 9 2
2179 Hard Night, 108.. Russell 7 10 ... 10 5
23S7 Wand. Boy. lOS.Bozemanll 11 ... 11
Time— 3-16. :lS?i; 3^f. :43U. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner.
Murphy & Griffin's ch. c. by imp. Inverness-
Beau Catcher. Dandy had nothing to beat.
Autumn Time cut off half a dozen horses in
the run home. Frank Bain had a rough trip.
Cathello very srreen and inclined to be unruly
at the post. Scratched — Colonel Smith 108.
Betting — Dandy, 10; Bemele. 8: Autumn Time,
5; Flattered, 15; Post Bell. 15: The Maniac, 50;
Frank Bain, 5; Clear Sky, 100: Cathello, 5-2;
Hard Night, 1S-5; Wandering Boy, 12.
2442. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2434 Flatterer. 1C5 Hoar 3 2 1 12 12
(2C3) Wardman. 110..Bassingr 6 8 3 Vi 2 1
2394 Dunfree. 102 Ransch 4 4 1 2h 3 2
(2431)Pr. Titania, 107.Alexnder 5 7 V*. 6 1 4 4
242S Darlene. 100 Jackson 7 5 h 5 1 5 1
2434 Maresa, 113 Ruiz 1 3h 4 V4 6 1
22S4 Scallywag. 97 Stuart 2 11 7 1 7 1
2410 Follow Me, 97.Fauntlery 8 6 2 8 8
Time— tf. :24U: M. :49; %. 1:14%. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, F. D. Weir's br. c. by Emperor-Flattery.
Winner fooled his stable folks. Wardman
came from behind, standing a drive gamely.
Princess fell out of it at start. Maresa cut
off by Scallywag Just before reaching the
stretch. Dunfree no excuses.
Betting — Flatterer, 9; Wardman, 4: Dunfree,
18-5; Princess Titania, 3; Darlene. SO; Maresa,
1S-5; Scallywag, 8; Follow Me. 100.
2443. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
<2414)Headwater, 5, 114. .Ruiz 3 2 1 11 12
(2430) Byron Rose, 3. 99.Ransch 2 1 n 2^22
2275 Tellowtail. 4, H2.Mthws I 4 n 3 2 3 4
2432 Sly. a, 112 Russell 4 3h 4 2 4 2
2432 Hagerdon, 4, 114...Collis 5 5 5 5
Time— h*. :24: V,, :4S«4: %, 1:13%. Good start.
Won easily. Second -and third driving. Win
ner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s b. g. by imp Water
cress-Headflower. Headwater is a sprinter of
class, ne,ver being extended. Byron Rose a
fast green one. Yellowtall cut off soon after,
start. Sly none too well ridden and has gone*
back. Hagrerdon can do better.
Betting— Headwater. 1; Byron Rose, 15; Tel
lowtail, 9-2; Sly, 18-5; Hagerdon, 8.
24-44. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt Jockey. St. Vz. Str. Fin.
2433 Bathos, 4, 113 Ruiz 1 2111 In
2409 Alicia, a. 111 Russell 6 6 5 ' 2 H 2 n
2415 Ofitler Joe. a, 116.Tullett 7 7 6 3 3 1
242? Einstein, 6, 113.Bassingr 2 5 h 5 1 4 4
237S Morlnga. 6, 113..Armstngr 5 3 3 4 % 5 Vi
2423 Loconomo, 6, 113.Gan"ney 4 1 h 3 1 6 10
2425 Gibraltar, a, H6..Vititoe 3 4 h 7 7
Time-14, <25%; %. :5<Hi; %. 1:16%: mile,
1:«H- Good start. Won nrst three driving.
Winner, J. J. Moran's ch. h. by imp. Bathamp
ton-Crlsis. Bathos stood a long, hard drive.
Russell lay too far out of It with Alicia. Ostler
went a long mile. Einstein not fancied. Gib
raltar in a pocket for six furlongs; then ht
sulked. Scratched— Nilgar 113.
Betting— Bathos. 5-2; Alicia. 3; Ostler Joe,
9; Einstein. 12; Morir.ga, 30; Loconomo, 20;
Gibraltar. 11-5. *
2445. SIXTH RACE— One mile and a six
teenth; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2427)Horton. 5, 114. Matthews 6 5 3 2 3 1M,
2427 Gaur.tlet, 5. 114 Ruiz 4 2 V4 1 1 2 s"
2426 P. Morrlsy, a, lOS.Rnsch 1 1 n 3 1 3 1
2426 Expedient. 4. 104. Russell 2 4 h 5 2 4 2
(2415)Merops. 5, 10S..Bassingr 3. 6 4 1 5 5
2439 Kickumbob, 4, 100. Tamp 5 3 h 6 6
Time-1-16. :07; %, :25%: %, :49%; %, 1:15;
mile, 1:41%; 1 l-16m. 1:48. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, J. McGovern's ch.
h. by El Rayo-Fusillade's Last. Horton was
best. Gauntlet can't beat him. Expedient likes
light weight. Merops ran disappointingly.
Scratched— Malay 111, Montallade 103, Parader
10S.
Betting— Horton, 6-5; Gauntlet, 11-5; Pat Mor
rissey, 5; Expedient, 30; Merops, 7; Kickum
bob, IjO.
Event.
CHICAGO. May 13.— There was much in
dignation at Worth to-day over the poor
¦showing of Boney Boy. This horse has
been running most inconsistently, winning
when his price Is good and losing when
he is favorite. There was loud hissing
after his defeat this afternoon by Caviar
and Louisville, and Jockey Coburn was
railed to the stand, but no action was
taken by the judges. The weather was
clear and the track very fast. Results:
First race, seven furlongs— Ida V won Wood
etlck second. Rustic Girl third. Time 1-30
Second race, eeven furlonrs, selling— Red Ap
ple won, ilerriman second, Irma S third
Time. 1:29.
Third race, five furlongs, selling— Yana won.
Halden second. Blue Ridge third. Time 1-02
Fourth race, mile, purse— Caviar won Louis
ville second. Boney Boy third. Time, 1:42.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards— Plead
won. Impromptu second. Pirate's Queen third
Time, 1:43 3-5.
Sixth race, mile, selling— Free Lance won
Maryland Reserve second, John Grlgsby third'
Time. 1 :42 3-5. - "
ST. LOUIS. May 13.-Fair Grounds sum
mary. ' *' '
First race, eeven furlongs, selling— Brulare
vron, Law-ton second. Harry Pulllam third
Time, 1:28.
Second race, four and a half furlongs-
Wai run won. Miss Dora second. 'Wakita
th'rd. Time. :Z£\i. .
Third race, five and a' half furlongs, selling
Tonny Helle won, Hafry Duke second, Ed L
third. Time, !:0f.»i.
Fourth race, one ir!l<» and seventy yards —
Be wen won. Van H-arbfke second. Petit
SIHtrp tfiird. Time. 1:4'.^.
Fifth race fix furlongs, purse— Silverdale
wen. Miss Mae Day «econd. Kindred third.
Time, 1:14.
Elrth race, mile and twenty yards, sellins—
the Horse Loses an Easy
Racegoers Display Indignation When
First race — Intrepido. Gaylon Brown, Oscar
Tclle.
Pecord race — Casdale. Estro. Dare II.
Third race— Tellowtail. Rosormonde, Bar
ney F.
Fourth race — Quiet. Flattered, Sol.
Fifth race— Meehanus, llacGyle, Jim Hale.
Sixth race— Good Hope, Valenclenne, Dollle
.Weithoff.
BONEY BOY'S SH0WIUG
AROUSES SPECTATORS
Probable Winners.
F'.rFt race— Five furlongs; three-year-old
cn'.ts and geldings; selling.
f24f*4)Oaylon Brown.. 11! 2430 Phil Archibald. 122
2S9S David P 11: P77 Carlcftilan 1J9
]W7 Intrepldo HJ 243S Carlovingian ..112
2410 The Gaffir UP 2435 Rasp 112
2»rs Oscar Tolle 122 2350 Sisenvine 112
ZC*. Matter Cal US 2281 Quibo 122
Fecr<n<i rarv> — One mile and hundred yards;
four-year-olds and upward: fselline.
?T?2 FavPH=ham IK 243S Boardman 107
2230 Kastaine 105 2332 Estro 107
1421 Par? II 107 2405 Meadow Lark.. 107
53?! CuiWer 107 1749 rasdale 10?
2-::i Rai'ido 117 2437 Sylvan Lass. ...105
2435 Sweet Voice. ... 105
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; purse.
S3M Xilgar US I 2427 Alturas 113
243S Jim MeCleevy.. 121 241S Barney F 1!4
2443 Vellowtail 112! 2300 Rosormonde ...111
Fourth race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
«elUnz.
2417 F. Atterbury...ll.i 2441 Flattered 115
2417 Lento 118 2412 Quiet US
2«rw> Sol 115 2424 Waterscrateh ..113
2417 Warder 115 2429 Knockings 115
Fifth race — Povcn furlongs; three-year-olds
prA upward: seliine.
2420 Malar 113! 23S1 Rio Chico 113
<24.-!2>Me*>hnri'Js 11« 2118 Jim Hale 106
C4U')MacGyIe Ill
Pixth race— Pix furinngrs; mares; four-year
old? and upward; selling.
2413 Mocorito 1021 2358 Xettle Clark. ..10'
2413 Owl Hope 107 (2413) Valencienne ...107
2422 r>ollie 1Ve!thofr.l(12! 2431 High Hoe 107
2CM Galene 102
To-Day's Entries.
Track Notes.
The New Rochelle handicap will be de
cided at Morris Park to-day.
Commencing at 10 a. m. to-day at Oc
cidental Horse Exchange, 150 head of
sound, fine looking horses will pass un
der the hammer. They were selected by
agents of the German Government for
service in ChJna nnd will be knocked
down to the highest bidder.
"Tim" Flynn of Trenton. X. J., formerly
a well-known starter on the Eastern
tracks, was a visitor at Oakland yester
day. Mr. Flynn is a prominent member
of 'the Order of Eagks and is here on a
pleasure trip.
Headwater and tbtf other horses owned
by Hughey Jones >vfii be shipped to Chi
cago to-day in charge of Charley Sanders.
The fast sprinter nas always been sent
to the post fit and I.s a tribute to the abii
fjv of Chprlfv as a trainer.
The deciding of the first three events
was marked by a bombardment of long
shots, Lou Clievden. Dandy and Flatterer
registering in their respective races at
odds varying from 10 to 15 to 1. Later on
in the exercises two favorites managed to
come through, partially restoring confi
dence in the market. "Pi" Ruiz upheld
his reputation by piloting three winners
over the bar, his excellent saddle work
being a feature of l.'ie sport.
Searchlight did not prove strong enough
to take the introductory sprint, although
a well-backed second choice. Saul of
Tarsus, the favoriti. was also detained,
potting along in time to finish third
After Searchlight, with Bassinger up had
led to the paddock he was challenged and
beaten a head by the 15 to 1 outsider, Lou
Clir-veden. nicely n Men by Stuart, fol
lowing his set custom King's Pal showed
speed to the stretch and quit.
Dandy, a chestnut colt by imp. Inver
ness and 15 to 1 in the betting, jumped
away in the lead at the start of the three
and a half furlong two-year-old spin and
was never headed. Remele, another lus
cious priced one, downed Autumn Time a
head for the place. Burns & Waterhouse
pent Cathello, an AUamax-Sweet Fayer
dale filly, to the post for the first time.
She was green and unused to the tricks
of the trade, though installed favorite.
Frank Weir didn't think Flatterer, one
of eisrht starters in the six furlong run
next decided, worth a bet and had the
pleasure of seeing the colt win easily at
odds of 10 to 1. Hoar rated him to good
advantage, skimmed over the border at
leisure, two lengths before the well played
Wardman. Alexander, on Princess Tit
ams. the favorite, early got caught in
the undertow, flashing distress signals the
entire way. Maresa was also bothered
considerably.
Ruiz on Rathos earned the decision
from Alicia and O c tler Joe in a three
heac! finish at the conclusion of the mile
selling run. He was fortunate in getting
away we!! and went the shortest route.
Z\"o doubt Alicia was best, but Russell
erred in not making his move sooner. He
then only beat Joe for the place by carry
ing the latter out.
Things came easier for Horton in th?
'•losing mile and a. hixleenth selling affair.
Matthews kept him closer up and catching
Gauntlet below the paddock finished half
a ler.pt h before the Randall entry at the
wire. The winner was a 6 to 5 favorite.
•j4- -ry I'GHEY JONES' crack sprinter,
II II Headwater, made h«s farewell
if \ >ppe»n»n«e f° r * he season yes
il 11 terday at Oakland. He again
demonstrate that he holds the
fcppt in the sel!ing-plai.e division perfectly
j=afe. Because It va? thought he might
ho seized with one of his Furly tantrums
at the post the rin? posted 6 to 5 about
him. He did cause cne recall by wheeling
around as. the barrier was released, but
then relented and behaved like a gentle
man. Ruiz had th« leg up and when a
start was effected indulged the 25 to 1
shot Byron Rose •with the lead to the
stretch. Headwater was then given his
head -and won laughing in 1:13% for the.
fix furlongs. Sly ran like a shadow of
her former self and injudiciously handled
by "Chub" Russell lost the show to Yel
lowtail by four lengths. Byron Rose,
which finished second, was backed from
25 down to 15 and is a speedy green 'un.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAKD.
THE CULL'S RACING FORM CHART
Challenger Crosses. Line Five
Minutes. After Old
Yacht.
WEYMOUTH, May 13.*-The Shamrock I
to-day teat Sir Thomas Upton's. new boat
by five minutes and live seconds over a
triangular course ol' about twenty.- miles.
The only possible disadvantage to the
challenger was in the fact that she used
her old mainsail, which sits worse since
its salt water bath of Thursday. There
was no discoverable holding back of the
challenger, although once or twice she
pointed such a course as left the suspi
cion that the steersman was not taking
advantage of every chance. There is no
doubt the result of to-day's trial was dis
tinctly disappointing to those who had
pinned their faith to the new challenger,
especially as the Shamrock I on the pre
vious spins had not showed even equality
with the new racer on any point of sail
;jjg, with the exception of running.
\ he first leg ot tne course was from the
Portland breakwater lo the Shambles
lighship, the second to White Nose Point,
and thence to tne point of starting. The
old Shamrock 1/ad a length the best of the
start and held her advantage so well that
the challenger was unable to head her
and the Shambles lightship was rounded
by the Shamrock 1 forty-five seconds
ahead of the Shamrock 11. The run to
White Nose Point was dead to windward.
Captain Wringe was able to keep the
Shamrock I on the weather bow on the
new boat and held all his advantage at
the rounding of the second mark. As the
yachts squared • away for the home run
the Shamrock I led by about a minute.
Down the wind the two yachts sailed with
jib topsails set, the old boat adding to
her lead throughout the six miles and
crossing the finish line five minutes be
fGre the 1901 challenger.
Amateurs on board the challenger were
inclined to be despondent over the result
of to-day's races. One who holds out
against this feeling, however, argues that
the conditions of the race were such that
the Shambrock I did nothing surprising
in winning.
"As is proved in the case of Valkyrie ,
III," he said, "those tremendous booms
and gaffs carried by cup-racers over
burden them in any press of wind or sea.
One day on the Clyde, in conditions very
similar, the Britannia beat the Valkyrie
III, although the latter afterward made
the closest fight ever made for the cup.
"The alterations made in Shamrock I
since her return are just such as would
relieve her of the worst part of this bur
den. I argue that had the challenger's
spars been changed iTi the same manner
for to-day she would have beaten the old
boat easily, while had Shamrock I been in
her American form she would not have
been anywhere in the neighborhood of the
line when the challenger finished. In
running and reaching the shortening of
spars was all in favor of Shamrock I, and
in going to windward the new yacht's
sack of mainsail left her no chance."
Mr. Watson considers to-day's results so
unsatisfactory that he had decided off
hand to take the new boat back to South
ampton and to have her docked In order
to ascertain whether any of the plates
were displaced by the grounding on Dean
Bank last week.
Opportunity will be taken to have her
new gaff and mainsail fitted. The work
will proceed night and day until it is
finished and the trials will then be re
sumed at Weymouth.
Sir Thomas Lip ton's Nev^
Boat Makes a Bad :
Showing.
SHAMROCK II
BADLY BEATEN
Beats a Fast Field, Hands Down,, and Starts
for Chicago To-Day — Long Shots Con
tinue to Score at Oakland — Horton Wins
HEADWATER BIDS ADIEU
TO LOCAL RACEGOERS
Supreme Chancellor and Two Other Distin
* "guished Officers to Visit San Francisco
\, in Interests of the Forthcoming Conclave
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
LEADERS ARE COMING
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 19OK
8
ADVERTISEMENTS. j >
Dr. Sanden's ELECTRIC, BELT
£jL'' AND Electric Herctdex
'm'fin f ' ¦
1 I twos vahk . .
* M$ latest invention, the Dr. Sanden Herculex Body Battery 1901
Model, with suspensory, cures weak. men, results of youthful errors, Im-
potency, Nervousness, Lame Back, Varicocele, etc Other attachments
used by women as well for Rheumatism, Stomach, Bladder Troubles, etc.
••Herculex" is worn comfortably around the waist at night, curing while
you sleep. Great improvement over ordinary electric belts, though I still
make the regular Dr. Sanden Electric Belt (imitated by others) and
-either that or 'my new " Herculex" will be sent to sufferers on sixty days'
FREE TRIAL WITHOUT ONE CENT IN ADVANCE OR ON DEPOSIT. Call personally
at my office for free consultation or, write to-day sending symptoms. My
descriptive book sent sealed free by mail.
DR. A. SANDEN. 6-O'Farrell Street, San Francisco, Cala.
Office Hours, 9 to 6 ; Wed. and Sat. Evenings until 9. Sundays 10 to x.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Gran-SolTent"dIssolTes Stricture like snow b^
neath the sun. reduces Knlarged Prostate an*
strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains an*
Emissions In Fifteen Days.
No dniKs to rain the stomach, but » direct local
and positive application to the entire urethra) tract
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexibl*
bad so narrow as to pass ths closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe St. James Assn.. Box 834. Cincinnati, O.. ba*
' prepared at great expense an exhaust- r* R P I" I
ire Illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL I
ty stem, which tiro will send to any f flLL i
male applicant, ¦ ¦•¦¦¦•¦
ST JAMFS ASSN 2SO ELM ST.,
31. JAJ1E3 A33K., Cincinnati! Ohio.
After-.tHei: Fire!
P^l-ADD'S GUN STORE
Reopened at oM number, 421 Kearny
street. Goods slightly damaged by water
and fire to be sold for thirty days at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
SPORTING GOODS of every description.
All new goods at special discount during
sale. Highest cash price paid for raw
Furs. Send 3 cents for postage of 100-
page Illustrated catalogue.
Every Woman
Is Interested »n<*» should kno\r
WSWl-JS wk.l\i\ about the wonderful
Wl%A«*\m MARVEL Whirling Spray
IVV^NSWSr-mI Thenew\»sl»»lSjrl B ge. Jniec .
*VCK2^-6S^|yL" ¦ den und Suction. Best— ?af-
v^.K^ffESigSK , |U _ est— Most Convenient.
Vatenter'-^^^^^/S) UU «"»» »¦«"«'.
]f h» cannot supply the N./»*V "'" J '*'v5
MA RVEL, accept no ( . "¦¦yA-' ,-
other, but send stamp for 11- *% #^''^^\]»
lustrated book— «»»led.lt gires \A. # U '"/M
full particulars and directions In-' OU; a ffj
valuable to ladies. MA RVEL CO.. *^Mt[ l ii!iViW
COS Mission St.. San Francisco. t^*ii-- 3r
DR,MEYERS&C0,''.)tf3^
Specialists. Dls- * I
ease and Weakness «$* ?
wished ISsi. Consul- n$'{
tation and , private >^&/> l/^ \
book free, at office njtflJ 4J#4
or by mall. Cures wtyLiOBSf^J*
guaranteed. 7;jl . ofiflOSRlTOY
Market street (ele- l^<^§fdwf»4»
vator entrance), v^V t^Ut&rfL
San Francisco. -^^iK^Lr^^^^
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the • cure of „ GONORRHEA " ot jtitt«j
STo^n.*^
Price ?l a bottle. For sale by druggist*,
IT MADE HIS HAIR CURL
When he saw the result of experimenting
with other laundries— poor, uneven finish,
frayed edges and saw edge collars wer»
his lot.
Now his work comes to us. and his tem-
per is as unruffled as a child's, because
our work is always right, always satis-
factory— iust the kind you want.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlce-54 San Pablo Ave.
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land In Ma-
dera County.
For particulars address FARM. 213 ilaiket
Street. S. F. "
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR AT0BIR5SS
Five hundred reward for any |jSS fc29
case we cannot cure. This secret jH&i ¦"¥]
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours. | <^
cures Emissions, Impotency. \arl- £>?{ i^J
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet. Fits, 7J*« SBjm
Strictures. Lust Manhood and all ilU t-UM
wastJnjr effects of self-abuse or 93 J9
excesses. Sent sealed J2 bottle; 3 K&S=S&i*J
bottles. *5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL, 1 S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S53
Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also for sale at lffW-i
Market et.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. ¦ .
$10* RUPTURE, CURED
"^^M^\-57a for TEN DOLLARS.
Thousands have been cured
at their own homes for th's
f-^v -'.^^ ~i SS^-vJwj 8H»U prtre. ?ireatwt In-
V "' y rentlonot the Axe. Secnr-
V *>« -V*/ Ity ai.d comfort to the ruj>-
i*imirib.'ii ni~ ~^£-T tured. Xo worthless salves
g=pg..-.-«gT_5t FSg^jj^ga or lotions to ri!>< on. It does
"S Vi> «i=^5» the work. Investigate:
"Bool!?t Xo. 1" srtvinfr tnll Information walled. Immedi-
ately on receipt ie\ rtimv »"'• ?>•'• <ulrt. •,'» 1 ' <J r » < J"JE?
»AG«T1C T8USS 20G Post at SA» FWaClSCfl.
"Wise Is the man who can keep appear-
ances up and expenses down. * .
ADVERTISEMENTS. ~—~-^^.
COPYRIGHT I»<MI » THI PBOCU « * G»M«Lt CO. CINCI1MATI
PART AND PARCEL.
WBlhK DAINTY box, an exquisite wrapper, a deli-
cate color, and a clinging fragrance—yet all
these will not cleanse the skin! Has it ever
lii^l occured to you that you pay big prices for
these things? Do you care to buy five articles or do
you require only one— a strictly pure soap. Remember
you pay for perfume whenever you buy it mixed
with soap. Don't you think it is wiser to make your
own selection of perfume and buy it separately? It is
certainly the method adopted by most persons of culti-
vated taste, those who. bathe with pure Ivory Soap.
IVORY SOAP— 99**i«> PER CENT. PURE.TO ARRIVE.
FROM SEATTLE.
TUESDAY, MAY 14.
A Good Trade for Chicago.
. The custom abroad of placing feminine
boots and, shoes - outside the bedroom
door , for the porter's tender ministration,
so severely ; criticized by. Americans, who
are accustomed to seeing much smaller
siz<Ss on their women folks, has led to
a curious , trade in Paris, by -which wo
man's vanity is quaintly illustrated. It
appears that ladles with large feet,* when
staying at hotels nowadays, carry with
them a couple of pairs of tiny shoes,
which, instead of the ones they wear,
they place outside their doors for the ser
vants to • take away and - clean. All the
big boot shops in Paris now make a spe
cialty of these . tiny footgear.—Philadel
phia Telegraph. . ' V."
Some time in a departed and almost for
gotten century a Jacksonville railroad
came under the ban of a Georgia preach
er's disapproval— but continued business,
Now, the Georgia preacher was the
owner of a valise, a pasteboard thing,
painted and otherwise decorated to look
like a tourist's bag, and he went about
the world and south Georgia with this
bag, preaching , and riding on half-rate
tickets.. Moreover, the lovely valise ho
checked. .,. *
One day— It , was of a Sunday —the
preacher descended from a passenger car
at a city of two hundred and eleven in
habitants somewhere, anywhere, quite in
time to observe, so he claimed, his cher
ished valise, fat with lean sermon3,
pitched from a baggage car. Following the
valise came a trunk, a drummer'i ele
phantine trunk, and it dropped full six
feet kerflummux on the valise. The valise
suffered cruel injury; indeed, it was de
stroyed, and the preacher's heart was
broken; so he put in a claim for $25 for the
valise, the sermons having withstood the
shock of tho catapulted trunk. :
The. railroad people at Jacksonville fili
bustered, and debated the matter, by
means of the malls, with the claimant. It
was suggested that the baggagemaster
might be . discharged, hoping thus, to '.ap
pease the clerical gentleman's wrath. < A
reply came that the railroad might, if it
chose,' discharge its president, its board
of directors, its passenger and freisht
DECIDES TO PAY
FOB PREACHER'S VALISE
Itinerant Minister of Georgia Brings
a Railroad Company to His
v Terms.
Far West 176, Marie .Christena Sarouski; May
Queen 177, Ella Viola Bradford; Peart 181, Liz
zie Christopher; Manzanita 182, Sarah Kilgo;
Heliotrope 1S3, Clara Raynes, Frank Raynes;
P lower City 184, Glenara Edwards; Blue Moun
tain 187, Annie Sterling; Florence 18S, Mary
McBrier: Acme 18Q. Efne Bell; Janesville 190.
Caroline Raker; Orland 191, Ellzabetha Kes
pelring; Aqua Pura-193, Fannie Cash, Lillian
Stivers; Columbia 194, Myrtle Thompson, El
nora Tilden, Elizabeth Quackenbush; Halisade
165, Dora Platz; Cayucos 196, Margie J. Cass.
Independence 197, Belle Haight; Pleasanton
198, Mary I. Cope; Silver Wave 199, Augusta
Muller; El Modello 203, Nora Osterhout; Arbu
tus 204, Edna Kelsey; Cornelia 205, Emma
Donohoe, Cornelia White; Clover Leaf 207, Min
nie Jones; Northern 208, Ivy S. Raker* Fall
River, 209, Mary McCoy; San Luis Obispo 21,0,
Mabel Bradford; Woodwardia 212, Annie Stam
ett; Ysabel 213, Nannie Meier; Loyal 215,
Sophie Decker, Marjory Jennings, Mollle Mc-
Colliste'r; Natalia 216, May Rucker; Oriole, 217,
Allie Hubsch; Gold Quartz 219, Laura Brodle«*
Valley Queen 220, Nellie CrowJ ; Olive 222,
Birdie Levy; Ada 223, Edna Moore; Rose 224,
Ella D. Morgan; Mission 225, Parthenla C.
Burkhardt, Lizzie C. Watson; Petalumx 226,
Alice Kopft Lillian Smith; Fern 227,,Ltllie E.
Dearborn; ' Mount Diablo 228, Jennie Jaquith;
Starlight 231, Nettie Schluslman; Sacramento
232, Lavlnia Knight. Anna ! Neubourgand;
Orinda 233, Alice B. Hinman; Crescent 234, J.
P. Wilkes; Covina 235,- Catherine Coolman;
Chrysolite" 236, Lavlna Peterson; Paloma 237,
Anna M. Howe, Claire M. Parker; Aloha' 238,
Sarah H. Flowers, Flora M. Pyle; Jubilee 239,
Christine Andersen,. Minnie F. Dobbin; Mlla
240, Mamie L. Burkham; Amelia 241, Alice M..
Hays; Amicltia 242, Bessie Bunney Phebe 243,
S. H. Bowles; Keystone 244, Maggie Poole;
Sierra 245, Emma Summons; Aurora 246, Agnes
W.. Brown; Torosa 247,'Ella Mitchell; Lagunita
248, Sophronia Irvine: Woodland 249, 'Frankie
Barker, Amelia E. Keller: Palm 250, Sarah
Vaughn! Idlewild 231, Susan E. Clelland; Da
visville 253, Walter Ernest Bates.
agents, general and special, and all other
officers, news-butchers included, ana end
ed: . 'KjA
My nice valise was ruthlessly and wantonly
destroyed by a reckless and vainglorious bag
gaeemaster at a time when I was traveling
around in the service of the Lord, and I have
got to be paid for It, If I have to sue the com
.pany and take the case to the United States.
Supreme Court. . , . '.
The official In Jacksonville in charge of
the matter broke open the letter, and
mused seven saconds. Then, ' calling a
stenographer, dictated the following let
ter: ..: ¦; ., ,
Reverend and Dear Sir: Tours of even date
received. My contrition is absolute; my re
pentance complete. Inclosed find check for $25.
¦ The preacher's receipt is on file.
Bun rises •• • ; -5-00
Sun sets 7al
Oriental No. 90, Marguerite I>erby. Allie
Parker, I'lizabeth Fhaw. Amy Webb; Eloom
fifld SI, Cora Colburn; T.ladrona SZ? Frances
Kf-rsting; Magnolia 94. Annie LevingB, MH
«1red Parson*; Gem of the Valley 93, May
l>obbins; Delta "j6, Lizzie Stelzer; Rain
bow 67. Clara Brietenbucher. Anna Hilton,
Johanna Miller, Kate Musick: Verdant 99,
Alice Wapnon; Centennial 100. Mettle C.
BAOsen; Mizpah 102. Etta Dahnken; Win-
Cl. Mary A. Maxfield; Paradise 62. Tedy
Clow, Belle Gretter. Gusta Rogge, Jennie San
»>orn; Georgetown C4, Mary Orelli; Plymouth
O. Kdith Coeter; James L. Ridgely 66, Hattie
.Iff) ray; fMelweiss 67, Meta G<*hrkens; Golden
Kule«S, Verna Rablin; Alpha 69, Eva Dresser;
Hesperian 70, Elizabeth C. Cutter. Laura T.
Gertridge; Mountain Rose 71, Lillie Schroeder;
Oak Leaf 74, Mary G. Coulter, Fannie L. Gam
ble, Ella Rogers, Mary Stump; Cypress 75,
Sarah /K*>nt. Cyrena J. Willey; Col fax 77. Mil
dred Hall; Liberty 78. M. J. Reardon; Morning
fciar 79, Louisa Mackey; Vacaville $0, Mabel
McCrory; Rohn«!rville 81, Lizzie Johnson; Ar
»<nr Vltae 62. Lizzie Baker. Gertrude Baldwin,
Nora Drown. Auprusta Reichert; Orange Grcve
M. Katie M. Gates. Julia H. Reardon, Kate
M. Tucker; Refta 8.", Anna Gibson: Silver
t^pray s«, Frankie Newburgh, Evelyn Spooner;
<«o!den Sierra S7, Lillian Eschenbruecher;
<'alaveras SS, Dollle Wells; Live Oak 89,
Kathryn Carroll. .
1 '. Crawford, Ida W. Fuller; Fowler 54, Emma
Harnet; Ooean Queen 58, Anna W. Davidson,
Mary A. Jensen; Petrolia 69, Mary E. King;
l>ulah CO. Kate Bullard. Creosa Rooney; No-
Helena No. 37. Ella Gregg. Caroline S. Lxng<\
Mary P. Mayhew. Eliza J. McClure; Triple
Link 3S, Lou K. Hews; Western Star 39, Jessie
Uirkenhcuer; Ora 40, Josephine Patton; Le
banon 41, Tenla Brueck, Ella Homage, Emma
Lambert, Mary Shafer, Mary F. Thorndike;
Violet 42, Emma Lacey. Bflle McCoIlum; Clear
l^ake 43, Emma Kesey; Bebastopol 44, Hattie
Mae Robinson; Cryfital No. 40, Grace Sheldon,
Xir.a Stuntz Sheppa; Kern 47, Sophie E. Batz,
/•<Ia L. Cropland; Olive Branch 48, Sarah
V.'cnt worth; Hermenia 49, Margaret Hatch;
.lackson 50, Elizabeth Taylor; Ruby 52, Annie
Delegate*— California Rebekah Lodge No. 1,
Rachel Max. Margneretta M. Reed; Naomi t.
•\aoml Ocker; MillvUle 3. Annie L. Welch;
>air Oake 4, Mary Christensen, Etta F.
Wever; Alder Glen 5. Kathleen Connolly; Cas
tle Lake 6, Ida Wood; Deborah 7, Jennie M.
Hickok. Elvira Pope; Rising Star 8. Mina Bul
lock. Emma Erlewlne, Anna Sherburn, Mary
A. Straub. Cora Wrirht; Esthers. Laura Free
man. Nellie Mitchell/. Nettie Rule. Jane Sims,
Luella Whitine: White Rose 10, Addle Abra
ham; Absit Invidia 11. Margaret A. Embury;
Brooklyn 12, Louise Holmes, Mabel Lyon. Nel
lie Wood; Elmwood 13. Mary Lindsay; Jo
sephine 14, Helen G. Adams, Emily Church,
Emira Doble. Cora G. Vale; Myrtle 15, Flora
Solomon. Byrd Trecaskls; Oakland 16, Grace
Elaine McPhall, Augusta Tichnor; Isabella 17,
Adelle Armstrong, Nettie Bristol. Jessie W.
Fargo. Susie J. Harris. Cornelia J. C. Reid,
Jes£i« Vrooman; Cherokee 18, Maggie Vintin;
Templar IS. Lizzie Berry, Alma I. Jensen,
Minna Plath, Mattie J. Perry; Florin 20,, Mary
Davis, Mary Kennedy; Evergreen 2i Mary
Pritchard; Stella 22. Clara M. Arnerich. Delia
R. Blakeelee. Hannah M. Bent, Lillian V.
Fisher. Marian C. Hill; Ivy No. 23, Dora L.
Gardner, Katie Jaekle; Unity 24, Ellis L. For
*ythe,' Elosia Nelson; Juliet 25. Mattie B.
I'aulk; Howard 26, Clara B. Brunner; Plumas
27, Mary E. Biddick; Mount Bid well 28, Llllie
Handera; Fidelity 29, C. M. Black. Rebekah
Johnson, May McKay, May E. White; Leona
M, Edith McMillan, Jennie Richards. Julia E.
Havier; Germania 31, Lillie Kaufman. Georg
iana Schadt; Golden West 32. Olga Shafsky;
Hope S3, Guseie Ringe. Gertrude Wetzel; Clara
:;4, KannJe Horn, Julia Lauck, Gus=sie Starr;
Hvening Star 33, Ethel C. Woodbury; Oleta 36,
3.1a M. Newell.
The California Assembly of Rebekahs
of the L O. O. P. will meet In annual
session In the Memorial Hall of the Odd
Fellows' building- to-day for the purpose
of transacting such business as may come
before It. The order is composed of about
18,000 members, who will be represented in
eession by the following named officers
and delegates:
Caroline A. Hoxett, president; Nellie Mich
•11, vice president; Ada Madison, warden- Mary
E. Donoho. secretary; Anna M. Liese, treas
urer; Alma I. Jensen, marshal; Alice Fuller,
conductor; Susi« J. Harris, chaplain; Reetta
Hadieu. Inside guardian; Louise Barnert. out
clde guardian.
California Assembly of
Rebekahs to Meet
To-Day.
LADIES' BRANCH
OF ODD FELLOWS
" / TELEGRAPHIC.
POIJtfT LOBOS, May 13, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 13— Stmr Rival,
hence May 8/
POINT REYES — Passed May 13— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro;' stmr San
Mateo, from Nanaimo, for Port Los Angeles.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 13— Chil bark Latona,
for Port Blakeley.
PORT LUDLOW- Sailed May 13— Schr Vol
ant, for San Francisco; Br stmr Caithness, for
Port Pirie.
EUREKA— Arrived May 13— Stmr Ruth, hno
May 11; echr Esther Buhne, from San Pedro;
schr Mary Buhne, hence May 1; schr Allen A,
hence May 7. . . ,;
Sailed May 13 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 13— Stmr Aber
deen, from Eureka; stmr Samoa, from Bowens
Landing;
UMPQUA— Sailed May 10— Schr Lucy, for
San Pedro. May 11 — Schr Louise, for. San
Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May 13— Schr
Robert R Hind, for St> Michael; ship Star of
Bensal, for Adelaide; Nor bark Prince Ar
thur, for Port Pirie.
Passed in May 13— Brig. Tanner, hence April
29.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 11— Schr Fred
J Wood, for San Pedro. May 12— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 13— Schr Cha« R Wilson, hence
April 30; schr Reporter, from San Pedro; schr
Gen Banning, from Altata. .
ASTORIA— Sailed May 13— Stmr Geo W El
der, for San Francisco; Ger ship Nereus, for
Queenstown.
Arrived May 13— Ektn Addenda, hence May 3.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 13— Stmr Alcazar,
from Eureka.
TACOMA— Arrived May 12— Br ship Lyder
horn, from Vancouver,
VENTURA— Arrived May 13— Barpe Santa
Paula, hence May 11, in tow of tug Rescue.
REDONDO— Arrived May 10— Schr Stimson.
from Ballard.
Arrived May 13 — Schr Orient, from . Grays
Harbor.
VENTURA— Sailed May 13— Barg-e Santa
Paula, in tow of tuff Rescue, for San Fran
cisco.
CASPAR— Arrived May 13— Stmr Luella,
hence May 8.
ISLAND PORTS.
KIHEI— Sailed Apjil — , bktn Hawaii, for
Pucet Sound. :
ELEELE— Arrived May — , schr Kailua, from
Honolulu; schr Columbia, from Honolulu.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Sailed May 11— Stmr Cali
fornian, and passed out at Delaware Break
water May 12.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Sailed May 9— Stmr Sonoma, for
San Francisco. ',- .
Arrived prior to May 11— Stmr Ventura,
hence April 18. _ •
HAVRE— Arrived May 11— Br ship Port Pat
rick, hence Jan 6. :
¦ FLUSHING — Arrived May 10 — Br ship Astra
can, from Oregon. v
ANTWERP— Sailed May 10— Br ship Rajore,
for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Sailed May 11— Br ship Cro
martyshlre, for Leith.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived May 10— Schr
Commerce, from Cowlchan.
BARRY— In port April 21— Br ship Galena,
for San Francisco.
HIOGO — In port April 21— Ger bark Nal. for
San Francisco. ¦
HAMBURG— In port April 24— Ger ship. Slam,
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— In port April 27— Br ship Wil
liam Law. for San Francisco.
TSINTAU— In port April 29— Ger bark Ecu
"tOCOPILLA— Sailed April 19— Br bark Low
Wood, for Port Townsend.
¦ •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. -U. S. N., Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 13 1901. ¦
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 e at noon ot the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. Q CAiK . mSf
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon, and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Ths high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) .about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at Taoth places.
ters 104, Laura B. Warder; Golden Link
105, Elizabeth Luister; Delia 106, Olive H.
Carr; Alameda 107, Sarah Jehu; Sylvan > 108,
Sarah A. Ulack, Sara Snee; Sunset 103. Marie
Cassovia; Golden State 110, Laura Springsteen,
Lizzie A. Tregea; Lady of the LakeTJl. Eliza
beth Heriford; Golden Star 112, Amell^Peter
pen: Ferndale 115, Jennie Itasmussen; Har
mony 116, Dora Cotton: Azalea 117, Ada Louise
Hart, Alice Pullen; Enterprise 118, Anna Pratt;
Xeva 119, Elsie Arbogast, Melissa Fuller, Llllie
Hltchens, Adeline Hothereall, Columbine Wal
ling- Northern Star 120, Jennie Kieffer; Em
press 122, Mary L. Smith; Danville 123, Allie
J Gould, Mary More: Sequoia 124, Josle Steel:
Queen of the Lake 125. Louise Barnert; El wood
127 Hattie S. Johnson, Leah Stagner: Citrus
123' Martha Newton. Annie Smith; Walhalla
130 Lillie Iiarthold. Bcttie Joost: Martha Wash
ington 131, Olive F. Merrill. Daisy Mason: Rei
132 Jennie V. Wrlston; Minnehaha 133. Annie
A "Hamerly; Oro Fino 134, Mae Relnike Norton;
Mountain Queen 135, Margaret Freutel; Elk
Grove 136, Leila G. Hunt, Anna M. Lewis;
Anna 137. Nellie V. Likens.
Mount Shasta No. 138. Page Crelghton, Lil
lian Moore: Lompoc 139, Mary Miller, Ella
Murray; Sycamore 140, Belle M. Rogers, Emma
Tumber: Silver Lake 141, Fannie Hunt, Mattie
E. Robinson, Amelia Wolfsheimer; Alvarado
142, Diantha Emery; Emery 143, Laura Penne
baker; Arroyo Grande 144, Kate Price; Philo
teslan 145, Tenah W. Goodrich; Fore«t 147,
Emma Harbour, Sarah Marvin; Juanita 149,
Flora Reed; Carmel 150, Emma E. Jarmen;
Concordia 152, Barbara Wemmer; Konockti 153,
Margaret Johnston; Livermore 154, Dell C. Sav
age; Sunshine 153, Jennie Katzenstein; Ramo
na ISC. Ermenia Plddin&ton, Luella Sebum;
Uiamof.d 137, Lydia M. Weyand: Fresno 158,
Flora Ford. H«-len Traves; Capital City 160r
Jennie Egan, Elsie Tade, Lizzie Wulff; Amity
1G1, Lizzie E. Braley, Laura Lowrie, Mary E.
Macphee, Antoinette Shaw, Lela M. Zeigler;
Flora 1C2, Beth Gerten. Rebecca Kettleman.
Ituby Steacy: Willows 163, Anna Lohse; Fedora
1C6, Alma Miller; Russian River 167, . Delia M.
Kennedy; Woodbine 1C8, Julia Syme: Sodality
170. Lizzie Toland; Durban 171. Dora Sligar;
Una 172, Mary E. Lingpe: Samaria 173, Annie
liraasch; Volcano 174. Minnie H. Goodman;
Over Two Hundred Men Quit Work
on Four Steamships.
The ship painters went out on strike
yesterday and the work of overhauling
the steamships St. -Paul, Portland, Roan
oke and Zealandia was stopped as far as
that branch of labor was concerned. The
painters assert that they formerly were
paid $3 for a nine-hour day, but that sev
eral months ago there was a cut of 50
cents a day made. At the time tiere was
a promise made to put the "Wages back at
the old figure as soon as business picked
up, and on the first of the month the
men notified the employers that It was
time the old rate was restored. The men
say the increase was agreed to and every
painter expected to receive $18 for his
week's work last Saturday night. Instead
they were paid the old sum of $15. There
was much grumbling over the state of
affairs and at a meeting held Sunday it
was decided not to go back to work un
less $3 a day was guaranteed. The bosses
refused to grant the BO-cent advance and
the men to the number of over 200 walked
out.
On all the transport fleet the painters
get $2 50 a day for eight hours' work and
with that they are satisfied, but on out
side vessels- they insist on $3 for a nine
hour day. Outside men will be got to
paint the Zealandia, but the chances are
that the Roanoke, St. Paul and Portland
will be painted on Puget Sound.
? £
Insurance on Bio's Cargo Paid.
All insurance matters in connection with
the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro have
been settled. The underwriters have paid
$900,000 to the owners of cargo, but the
loss on the vessel is known only to the
officers of the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company. There was $35,000 in treasure,
on which insurance has been paid, and
there was $30,000 more shipped by the Col
lector of Customs at Hawaii, on which
there was no insurance, besides a con
siderable sum belonging to the Mail Com
pany. It can now be set down pretty
accurately that the total loss was $1,500,000.
Raw silk was the article in the Rio's car
go that cost the underwriters most money.
Sudden Death of W. Cleland.
W. T. W. Cleland, chief clerk of the
shipping house of Hind, Kolph & Co.. died
rather suddenly at his home yesterday
morning. He was taken sick about four
davs ago and had to go home. His phy
sician found him suffering from typhoid
fever and nothing could bo done to retard
the progress of the disease. • • .
Mr. Cleland came here several, years
ago on the British ship Langdale, with
Ct' plain McAllister. He left the ship and
fcr a time was with Henry Bingham & Co.
SHIP PAINTERS ON STRIKE.
THE warships now In port are all
in readiness for the grand display
to-night. The Farragut came over
from Sausalito yesterday and dur
ing the afternoon her captain went
aboard the flagship. The captains of the
Wisconsin and Philadelphia also went
aboard the Iowa and all three received
their final instructions from Admiral
Casey. The Farragut did not remain in
the stream, but went back to her anchor
age at Sausalito. She will be on hand
to-night, however, and will help in the
display to be made by the big vessels.
Everything for the Illuminating of the
Iowa, Wisconsin and Philadelphia is ready
and a few hours' work will see all in
place. Each vessel will have her name
spelled ouf in lights along her side, while
the fighting masts and superstructures
will be one mass of fiery designs. Dur
ing the afternoon every man that can be
spared will be landed at the foot of Fol
som street. Both marines and bluejack
ets will then march to Fourth and Town
send streets, where they will take part
in the parade in honor of the President.
On their return to their respective ships
they will proceed to get ready for the
illumination of the evening.
The Germaji'shlp Anna cleared yesterday for
Queenstown for orders with 92,485 ctls wheat
valued at $95,550, and 28,000 feet lumber dua
nage, valued at $420.
The French bark Marthe also cleared for
Shipment of Wheat.
The Francois will load wheat for Elurop* at
36s 3d; the Belfast, same voyage, 33s 6d, prior
to arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The sailing of the Pacific Steam Navi
gation Company's Guatemala has been
postponed until Friday next.
J. G. Donn, second officer of the Sher
man, went out as second of the Warren
and J. W. Maloney .third officer of tho
Warren is now second officer of the Sher
man.
The army transport Warren sailed for
Puget Sound yesterday. Lieutenant Ralph
P. Brown and forty recruits for the Sound
statiens were among the passengers.
Second Officer A. F. Dahlsted of the
Warren Is now chief officer of the Samoa'.
He is a careful and oainstaking navigator
and has earned his promotion.
M. A, Newell, the marine insurance
agent, will start for England In a few
days. One of the objects of his journey
will be to try to have the underwriters
agree to pay on any overdue ship that
arrives, no matter whether it is at her
destination or any other port. The Otto
Gildemeister arrived at San Diego
and later was towed to this port and con
demned here. Her destination was Port
lend and on the ground that she had not
completed her voyage but was condemned
on the way, the gamblers lost their
meney. This state of affairs Mr. Newell
will try to have changed while in Eng
land.
Water Front Notes.
The Tropic Bird brought up as passen
gers J. F. Schaar and wife, who had been
on a pleasure trip to the southern seas.
Two vessels arrived from Tahiti after
long runs yesterday. The barkentine
Geoige C. Perkins was thirty-one and a
half days and the Tropic Bird thirty-three
days, making the trip. The captains of
both vessels report light winds and calms.
Captain Jackson of the Tropic Bird re
ports that the schooner Defender put into
Papeete on April 9 short of provisions.
The Defender left Puget Sound on De
cember 2 last for Suva, Fiji, and arrived
there February 2. Three weeks later she
sailed the Hawaiian Islands and was
forty-five days out when she had to put
into the Tahitian port. Captain Darsters
told Captain Jackson that* he had had
nothing but light and baffling winds from
the time he left Fiji.
Barkentines From Tahiti.
Seven vessels from Hawaii and one
from Iqulque made port in a bunch yester
day afternoon. Of the sugar fleet the
bark Diamond Head made the best run,
coming from Honolulu in thirteen days.
The next best voyage was that of the
fcsrk Amy Turner, seventeen days from
Hllo, and then came the bark Santiago,
twenty-two days from Hilo; ship Charm
er, twenty-two days from Kahului; bark
Andrew Welch, twenty-six days from
Honolulu; barkentine Archer, thirty-one
days from Honolulu, and bark Alden Bes
se, thirty-three days from Honolulu. The
British ship Stronsa came from Iquique in
ballast in forty-seven days. The entire
feet had light winds -and calms at the
start but ran into fine sailing weather off
the coast.
Fleet of Vessels Arrives.
and then with Herrlman & Mills. "When
the firm of Hind, Rolph & Co. was formed
he went to that concern and had been
with it ever since, Mr. Cleland was
highly esteemed by his employers and his
sudden death is much felt by every mem
ber of the firm. He was an upright, hon
orable pentleman and his death is a loss
to the shipping community. Mr. Cle
land's father was Harbor Master of the
port of Belfast. Ireland, for years. He
leaves a wife and daughter to mourn his
loss. • • *
Monday, May 13.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, 20 hours from
Stmr "W H Kruger, Krog. 60 hours from TI1
lamcok; bound to San Pedro; put in to land
P£ Stmr North Fork, McLellan, 26 hours from
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick, BH day« from
Portland and way ports.
Stmr Mackinaw, Uttlefleia. 81 hours from
Seattle. _ . • „. .
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Ship Charmer, Slater, 21 days from Kahului.
Br ship Stronsa, Jonea, 46 days from Iqul
qi Bark Amy Turner, Warland, 17 days from
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, 83 days from
Bark 1 Diamond Head, Petersen. 13 days from
Honolulu. ._ ¦ •
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, 2o days from
El"rk" Santiago, Engalls, 22 days from Hilo.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, 31 days from Hono
1U Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, 83 days from
T Bktn Geo C Perkins, Maas, ZVA dayi from
T Schr' Mary C. Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
de Schr Newark. Crangrle. 12 hours from Stew
ar Schr > °Jennle Griffin. Campbell. 6 hours from
Elllngsen. 8 days from Coqullle
RlVen CLEARED.
Monday, May 13.
Stmr Bonlta. Nooander. San Pedro; Good
- al Stm P r er pomon & a, C Shea. Eureka: Ooodall. Per :
k Ger & sWp Anna, Bohlnmnn, Queenstown: L
Marthe. Maurln, Queenstown: Glr
vin & Eyre. BAILBD .
- . ' Monday, May IS.
Stmr Westport. Erickson. Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka- ¦
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, — -s
Tub Columbia, Magee, Coos Bay.
Fr ship Marthe, Maurln, Queenstown.
Schr Lottie Bennett, Raamussen. Cape Nome.
Schr Una. Harkins, Chignik Bay.
MISCELLANEOUS. '
LONDON May 12— Ger ship Henrlette, load-
Ing at Antwerp, for Ban Francisco, has been
damaged by collision.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bktn Geo C Perkina, from Tahiti, May
13— The schr Defender, 45 days out from Fiji,
nut into Tahiti on April 9 for provisions, and
sailed same day for HonoiDU.
Notice to Mariners.
POINT AROUELLO LIGHT STATION.
Notice is hereby given that on or about June
1, 1901, a siren, operated by compressed air,
will be established at this station on the ex
treme outer end .of Point Arguello, seacost cf
California, to sound, during thick or foggy
weather, blasts of 2 seconds' duration separ
ated by silent intervals of 28 seconds thus:
Blast, 2 seconds; silent Interval, 23 seconds;
blast, 2 seconds; silent interval 28 seconds.
(Li. H. B. Notice to Mariners No. 9 of 1901,
and Bulletin No. 118, par. 61.)
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast. 1901." page 12,
No. 14, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast, 1901," page 14.
By order of the Lighthouse Board:
N. H. FARQUHAR.
Rear Admiral, U. S.. Navy. Chairman.
m
Snipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Merchandise to New York.
The steamer Argyll sailed Sunday for Pan
ama with merchandise for New York valued
at $143,635; Hamburg, J5063; Havre, $1103. The
cargo included the following:
For New York — 474 bbls asphaltum, 474 bbls
asphaltum cement, 115.754 lbs bone black, 106,350
lbs dry hides, 50 coils cordage, 25 cs canned
goods, 15 cm honey, 63 pkgs household goods,
12,178 feet lumber, 2 crs machinery, 4800 lbs
rice, 215 bales rags, 98 cs soap, 20 bales skins,
7 cs scales, 322,955 gals wine.
For Hamburg— 23,010 lbs dry hides, 353 ska
shells.
For Havre— 301 cs canned fruit.
In addition to the above there were 1050 sals
wine for Colombia, valued at $548, and 11 cs
salmon, 9 cs canned fruit, for Jamaica, valued
at $104.
Queenstown yesterday -with 84,412 ctls wheat,
valued at $84,400, and 28,000 feet lumber dun
nage, valued at $420.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
STRANGE DEATH
AGED MAN IN THE MISSION
Found Dying on the Side-walk by
Police Officers, and Succumbs
in Ambulance.
A poorly dressed man, aged about 65
years, was found last night about mid
night on the sidewalk near the corner of
Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets. In a
dying condition by officers. He expired
while being taken to the City and County
Hospital.
No bruise of any kind was on the body
and the hospital physicians think his
death was due to natural causes. In his
pockets were found three watches, one an
old-fashioned bullseye timepiece, a sil
ver watch and a gold one. One of the
watches had the name of H. W. Schultz
engraved on the Inside of the case. A
chain and locket was attached to the go'd
watch, and on the locket was engraved
the letter "L." A gold ring was also
found on the body on which was a raised
three links.
BATTLESHIPS IOWA AND WISCONSIN, CRUISER PHILADELPHIA AND TORPEDO-BOAT FARRAGUT ALL IN READINESS.
A resolution providing: for the printing
of the* weekly journal of the board was
referred to the printing committee.
The petition of the Point Lobos Im
prove ment Club for an appropriation with
which to provide an emergency hospital
in Golden Gate Park; also to set aside $50,
000 for the erection of a school-house and
twenty electric lights in thu Richmond
district, was referred to the finance com
mittee.
The board adopted a resolution extend
ing: the freedom of the city to President
McKlnley.
The Twentieth Century Athletic Club
was granted a permit for a boxing exhibi
tion in June.
The Board of "Works was directed to re
quire the owners of property on the south
east corner of Nineteenth and Hampshire
streets to repair the sidewalks in front of
their premises.
A communication signed by M. S. Gal
vln, J. Wentworth. William Patterson, D.
McK. Small and William Butler was filed,
in which the board is requested not to
make any appropriation for St. Mary's
square nor for what is termed "the so
called improvement clubs, as they ara
'fakers' of the worst kind; they do not
improve, but want the taxpayers to do It
for them."
The ordinance declaring the carpet beat
ing works of John McQueen on Albion
avenue a public nuisance was finally
passed.
A petition of taxpayers for the appro
priation of a sufficient sum in the budget
to pave the Mission road from Silver to
Onondaga avenue was referred to tho
finance committee.
Resolved. That the Board of Public "Works
1% requested to render an account to this Board
of Supervisors on or before Tuesday, the £st
day of May. 1901, of the manner in which tha
funds heretofore set aside for the use of tho
board have been expended, for the purpose
of enabling this board to determine whether
or not said charges are true an 1 whether or
not the peoples' money has been wasted by
an expenditure for salaries out of. all propor
tion to the work performed.
A resolution was presented by Reed at
yesterday's meeting of the Board cf Su
pervisors, directing the Board of Public
Works to answer published charges that
the Bureau of Streets is expending much
moro money for salaries than for improve
ments and repairs to streets. The resolu
tion, which was referred to the finance
committee, follows:
"Whereas, The Boanl of Superrlsors Is about
to fix the budget fnr the coming fiscal year,
wherein will be allowed funds for the ex
penses attending the Board of Public Works
for the ensuing fiscal year, ami a knowledge
of the truth or falsity of charges made again.*:
the board is necessary to enable this board to
act intelligently in fixing the said budget,
now, therefore, be It
Taxpayers Petition for the
Improvement of the Mis
sion Road.
Supervisors to See if
Salary Roll Is Ex
cessive.
WORKS BOARD
MUST EXPLAIN
1 he ordinance limiting the height of
buildings used for hotel or lodging pur
poses to fifty-five feet when built of non
lire-proof material was passed to print
after it had been amended to go into effect
thirtj- days after its passage. The bill
limiting the height of buildings used for
hospital purposes to sixty feet and pro
viding that they shall be built of fire
proof material was finally passed.
The ordinance fixing the amounts of the
bonds of the employes of the Board of
Public Works was finally passed.
The Star Press was awarded the con
tract to print the delinquent tax roll of
the present fiscal year.
The ordinance limiting the height of fire
proof buildings to 145 feet on streets 100
feet in width or more, and to 120 feet on
streets less than 100 feet, and of non-flre
proor buildings to 110 feet high, was re
ferred to the joint committee on fire, ju
diciary and buildings. D'Ancona's amend
ment to reduce the limit to 135 feet re
ceived no second.
Stafford said the Bay Coast line ran
through an uninhabited district, and Mc-
Carthy said he would oppose the grant
ing- of the franchise because It did not
provide that the company must change
its motive power to electricity within the
corporate limits should the board at any
time so decide. Hotaling suggested that
the amendments be drawn up in a private
compact, which Baggett' agreed to do on
the part of the company.
The ordinance granting the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company permission to lay a series of
twelve cross tracks and switches over
Bryant street from the company's yards
to the ferry slips was finally passed.
The judiciary committee was directed
to investigate the brakes and fenders used
on the street cars, in order to determine
their efficiency. Brandenstein stated It
was imperative that an investigation be
held to ascertain if the various street rail
way companies are complying with the
law in regard to safety appliances on their
cars.
"How do we know," said Reed, "that
this is not a scheme to sell out the road
to another company? We have declared
that the tracks of the Southern Pacific
Company axe a nuisance, and yet we pro
pose to give permission to maintain more
tracks."
W. T. Baggett, attorney for the com
pany, objected to Incorporating any
amendments in the ordinance, as it would
delay the work and prevent the expendi
ture of $25,000 between now and June 27.
Reed said he was of the opinion that any
corporation that would not tell who its
stockholders are was entitled to no con
sideration from the board.
The ordinance providing for a grant of
a rfgbt of way to the TZ-ny and Coast Rail
way Company to maintain tracks on cer
;uin streets, and to enter the city at
AWtnty-iourth and Illinois streets, was
Anally passed by the Board of Supervisors
yesterday. Reed's amendments that the
«-ost of keeping: the roadway in good repair
be made a lien on 'the company's prop
•erty; also that the company shall not pre
vent any other company from crossing its
tracks, in conformity with the city ordi
nances; also that the franchise -shall be
forfeited if the road Is not completed in
two years, and six other conditions al
ready regulated by the charter, were all
defeated.
Judiciary Committee Will
Investigate Street Car
Fenders.
Supervisors Grant It
Privilege to Enter
City.
bay coast line
gets franchise
Battleships Iowa and Wisconsin, Cruiser Philadelphia and .Torpedo-Boat Farragut Will Make a
Magnificent Showing on the Bay During the Presidential . Reception in the Grand Nave of
the Ferry Building — Each Man-of- War Will Be Decorated With Bunting and Electric Lights
FOUR NAVAL VESSELS WILL ILLUMINATE
TO-NIGHT IN PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S HONOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAX 14, 1901.
9
Moon- rises 2:15 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft Ft. Ft. Ft
I. W • H W L W H W
14 ... 2:00 0.8 8:25 4.5 1:54 1.6 8:23 6.0
15 ... 2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41 1.7 9:04 6.2
lfi ... 3:43—0.4 10:36 4.8 3:28 2.0 9:46 6.5
17... 4:32—0.9 11:31 4.9 4:14 2.3 10:30 6.6
18 ... 5:21 —1.2 12:26 4.9 5:00 2.6 11:14 6.6
19... 6:11—1.3 1:20 5.0 5:61 2.8
HW L.W HW L.W
20 .. 0:00 6.6 7:00—1.2 2:14 5.0 6:41 3.0
Steamer.
Destination.
; Sails.
Pier.
May 14.
Mandalay.... CoquiUe River ....
3. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay.
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Denderah Hamburg & Way.
Arcata........ Coos Bay
Bonlta "••¦ Newport
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.
Newburg Grays Harbor ....
May 15.
Queen......... San Diego
May 16.
Eureka Humboldt
North Fork... Humboldt w.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Guatemala. . . Valparaiso & Way
May 17.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ....
May 18.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Pomona Humboldt
Corona....;... Newport
Zealandia.... Honolulu
Newport Panama & Way..
3. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
Point Arena.. Point Arena
\cme TUlamook Bay
May 10.
Rival Willapa Harbor....
Santa Rosa. .. San Diego
May 21.
?matilla Puget Sound Ports
Coptic... China and Japan..
(5 pm
5 cm
B pm
2 pm
9 am
S pm
5 pm
9 am
9 am
9 am
11 am
12 m
Pier 3
Pier tt
Pier 16
Pier !
Pier 27
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 34
5 pm
Pier 2
5 pm
4 pm
9 am
10 am
12 m
11 am
1 pm
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 7
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
— pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
11 am
1 pm
Pier 9
PMSS
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Fulton Grays Harbor...!
Santa Barbara. Humboldt
Caarlna Seattle and Tacoma
Eureka Humboldt
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor
Newburs San Pedro
Washtenaw.... Tacoma
Acme Sluslaw River
Kvarven Comox
Mariposa Honolulu
G. "W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
Corona Newport
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena Point Arena
Rival Wlllapa Harbor !
San Pedro San Pedro.
Pomona Humboldt ....-•
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports....
Acapulco Jl Panama & Way Ports.
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports
Arcata Coos Bay
Bonlta Newport
Queen San Diego...... ,
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 15
May 13
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 18
May IS
May 16
May IS
May 16
May 16
May 17
May 19
May 19
May 19
May 13
May 1»
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Victorian.. Skaguay &Way Ports.. May 13
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 15
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 15
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Port*.. May 19
State of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May W
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Fulton Grays Harbor...!
Santa Barbara. Humboldt
Caarlna Seattle and Tacoma
Eureka Humboldt
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor
Newburs San Pedro
Washtenaw.... Tacoma
Acme Sluslaw River
Kvarven Comox
Mariposa Honolulu
G. "W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
Corona Newport
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena Point Arena
Rival Wlllapa Harbor !
San Pedro San Pedro.
Pomona Humboldt ....-•
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports....
Acapulco Jl Panama & Way Ports.
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports
Arcata Coos Bay
Bonlta Newport
Queen San Diego...... ,
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 14
May 15
May 13
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 18
May IS
May 16
May IS
May 16
May 16
May 17
May 19
May 19
May 19
May 13
May 1»
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Victorian.. Skaguay &Way Ports.. May 13
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 15
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 15
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Port*.. May 19
State of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May W
Moon- rises 2:15 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft Ft. Ft. Ft
I. W • H W L W H W
14 ... 2:00 0.8 8:25 4.5 1:54 1.6 8:23 6.0
15 ... 2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41 1.7 9:04 6.2
lfi ... 3:43—0.4 10:36 4.8 3:28 2.0 9:46 6.5
17... 4:32—0.9 11:31 4.9 4:14 2.3 10:30 6.6
18 ... 5:21 —1.2 12:26 4.9 5:00 2.6 11:14 6.6
19... 6:11—1.3 1:20 5.0 5:61 2.8
HW L.W HW L.W
20 .. 0:00 6.6 7:00—1.2 2:14 5.0 6:41 3.0
Steamer.
Destination.
; Sails.
Pier.
May 14.
Mandalay.... CoquiUe River ....
3. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay.
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Denderah Hamburg & Way.
Arcata........ Coos Bay
Bonlta "••¦ Newport
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.
Newburg Grays Harbor ....
May 15.
Queen......... San Diego
May 16.
Eureka Humboldt
North Fork... Humboldt w.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Guatemala. . . Valparaiso & Way
May 17.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ....
May 18.
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Pomona Humboldt
Corona....;... Newport
Zealandia.... Honolulu
Newport Panama & Way..
3. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
Point Arena.. Point Arena
\cme TUlamook Bay
May 10.
Rival Willapa Harbor....
Santa Rosa. .. San Diego
May 21.
?matilla Puget Sound Ports
Coptic... China and Japan..
(5 pm
5 cm
B pm
2 pm
9 am
S pm
5 pm
9 am
9 am
9 am
11 am
12 m
Pier 3
Pier tt
Pier 16
Pier !
Pier 27
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 34
5 pm
Pier 2
5 pm
4 pm
9 am
10 am
12 m
11 am
1 pm
12 m
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 7
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
— pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
11 am
1 pm
Pier 9
PMSS
The female student in chemistry should
be able to analyze her own complexion. .
'.'Men of my , profession are very good
story-tellers,", remarked the barber.
"Yes," assented the smarting sufferer In
the chair, "and they usually Illustrate
their stories with cuts."— Tit-BlU. "
Come Along.
This we«k the greatest clothing sale
sells men's suits and men's overcoats for
$4 65. Come around and buy them at the
clothing assignee sale of the Boston, 773
Market street, near Fourth. •
Orr Accused of Embezzlement.
Lincoln H. Lewars, 415 Commercial
street, secured a warrant from Judge.
Cabanlss yesterday for the arrest of
Joseph Orr on the charge of felony em-
bezzlement. He Is accused of having se-
cured $470 on or about May 13, 1S98, from
Mrs. Stella Und, now living In Oregon,
to pay Lewars, but failed to do so.
I. W. Jacoby May Lose an Ann.
I. W. Jacoby, president of the Standard,
Biscuit Factory, had his right hand and
arm badly mangled yesterday in the ma-
chinery at the factory at Pacific and
Front streets. He was taken to his home
on Polk street near Geary, where every
effort was made ta save the member, but
It is feared without success.
Accuse an Attorney.
Paul Vlnclllon, an attorney at law, was
arrested yesterday by Detective Coleman,
and charged with an assault on Gertie da
Meyer, his sister-in-law. The latter, who
is onlv 16 years of age, has been living
with "Vlnclllon and his -wife for some time.
Identifies His Assailant.
Frank Hawley, who was arrested by
Officer Koedel last night, was identified
by George Fry as the man who attempted
to rob him on the night of May 4 on
Bryant street. Hawley was charged
with assault to rob.
It Is a poor widow who can't remarry.
Rich ones are soon gobbled up.
Requires .. less sugar g r> -^ rp jj
than coffee, tea or any . / 18
other Cereal. Coffee— the I CEREALrM
wholesome fruit sugar \ '*% tru
contained in figs and \vUr ILL/I
prunes largely supplying jl
i ' this need. i
54% figs and prunes j
scientifically blended with >;¦;¦'
AL Q^K. 4G% sound, well ripened 1
Iff.^H^u/o v & ra in, .raakes a delicious I
W Fruit 1 ta^ e beverage — the best I?
I j£ jr o/ I Cereal Coffee.— Try it. |
\ A* / Boil from 5 to /O minutes only i
% A / O M 1
V /¦*«•«**?* «9 ' f' ALL GROCERS SELL J
>^lJr*XllY^^ Figrprunc Cereal. tFirst Submarine Cable. '
Th« first submarine cable was laid across the
English Channel about fifty years apo. It was
also about the f same time that Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, the ¦world-renowned cryspep
sia cure, was - first introduced to the : public.
If you are a sufferer from this ailment,' or
from Indigestion, flatulency, constipation,' ner
vousness or insomnia you should try it at once
If you would be well.- It will strengthen your
entire system and produce sound sleep.
Petroleum Steamers Burned.
LONDON. May 13.— A special dispatch
from St. Petersburg says fourteen petro
leum steamers have been burned at As
trakhan, Russia.
WASHINGTON. May 13.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day adjourned
until next Monday without announcing its
opinion In the Insular cases. The court
will have two more sittings for the an
nouncement of opln^ns and hearing of
motions before its filial adjournment for
the term' on the 27th instant.t.^ffl|
Insular Cases Not Decided.
BERLIN. May 14.— The St Petersburg
correspondent of the Lokal Anzelger says-
The revolutionary movement among- the
laboring classes of Russia is spreading
There have been thirty-four arrests of
operatives during the last few days, and
p number of editors, as well as women
have been arrested. Two professors who
were placed under arrest, have been
transferred to prisons in the Interior.
by the Russian Offi
cials.
LABORING PEOPLE SPREAD
REVOLUTIONARY MOVEMENT
Many Arrests Are Still Being Made
NEW YORK, May 13.-The Italian
Fteamer Duchessa dio Genova arrived to
day oirect from Naples with 1181 steerage
passengers. Two cases of smallpox de
veloped during the voyage. The patients
were transferred here to the reception
hospital. The steamer will be held at
quarantine for a thorough disinfection.
One hundred and forty-six passengers who
occupied quarters in the compartment
with the patients will be transferred to
H&ffman Island for observation.
Passengers During Voyage
From Naples.
Two Cases Develop Among Steerage
ITALIAN STEAMER ARRIVES
WITH SMALLPOX ABOARD
WASHINGTON. May 13.— The Inter-
State Commerce Commission to-day de
cided in favor of the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe railroad and others in the
case instituted against the roads by A. H.
W. Holdzkom of San Bernardino, Cal.,
involving charges of higher rates from
Jackson, Mich., to San Bernardino, than
to Los Angeles, which is a greater dis
tance. The commission holds that the
competition of carriers wholly by water
from the Atlantic seaboard to Port Los
Angeles justifies the roads in giving Los
Angeles all rail rates from the East as
low as those In effect to San Francisco.
»
Finds Against Charge of Un
just Discrimination.
The Interstate Commerce Commission
SANTA FE IS SUSTAINED
IN RATE CONTROVERSY
SALT LAKE. May 13.— The ca«e against
Brigham. H. Roberts, who was elected to
Congress three years ago and who was ex
pelled by the national body after investi
gation of the charges of polygamy
brought against him, was to-day stricken
from the docket of the State Supreme
Court. As a result of the Congressional
action Roberts was indicted for unlawful
cohabitation, and the case was submitted
to the District Court on an agreed state
ment of facts. A conviction followed and
the case was appealed to the Supreme
Court, which l>bdy dismissed it to-day
with the consent of the Attorney General,
the point being raised that the indictment
was defective. It is probable that this is
the end of this celebrated case, as County
Attorney Christensen said to-day that he
did not expect that a new information
would be filed.
ment on Which He Was Con
victed Is Defective.
POLYGAJOST ROBERTS'
APPEAL IS DISMISSED
Supreme Court Finds That Indict-
Premier Waldeck-Rousseau has re
turned from his health-seeking trip to the
Adriatic and conferred to-day with Presi
dent Loubet. He appears to have fully
recovered.
PARIS, May 13.— The French Parliament
will resume its sessions to-morrow in an
atmosphere of absolute calm. Neither the
Senate nor the Chamber of Deputies
Ehows anything striking in the order of
the day. Out of thirty-eight interpella
tions announced only one deals with the
Government's foreign policy. This inter
pellation concerns the Franco-Russian
alliance and will probably arouse some
interest. The opposition has lost hope of
successfully assailing the ministry.
/ La Presse, an anti-ministerial news
paper, summing up the situation to-night,
admits that the dominant note in the re
sumption of the Parliamentary sessions is
the fact that the Waldeck-Rousseau Cabi
net v.ill most probably preside at the gen
eral election of 1902.
in an Atmosphere of
Calm.
Parliament Will Resume Its Sessions
OPPOSITION TO FRENCH
MIKTSTBY LOSES HOPE
SALT LAKE.'utah, May 13.— A special
to the Deseret News from Park City, Utah,
says that George Redsull and Albert N.
Niles were arrested to-day charged with
stealing silver bullion from the llarsac
refinery in that city. The thefts, which
have covered a period of several months,
it is said, will amount in the aggregate
to nearly $15,000. Redsull has been the
night ¦watchman at the refinery. The au
thorities assert that It Is he who did the
stealing, carrying the bullion away in his
dinner pail and storing it at the house of
his son-in-law, Mr. Niles, where the great
er portion of the bullion .was recovered by
the Sheriff to-dav.
• ¦ ¦
Vigilantes Shoot a Doctor.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 13.— Dr. Herman,
colored, was fatally shot at midnight by
the members of a vigilance committee at
1117 North Jefferson street. Herman lived
at the home of Mrs. Hamler,
whose husband died under Herman's care
several weeks ago. The mob. found Her
man armed with a shotgun and revolver.
There was a scuffle and the weapons were
secured, and some one fired the shotgun
at Dr. Herman, shooting him twice in the
abdomen. .. ... -. _-• - ¦ - ... -_•¦
Laborers Lose Their Lives.
¦LONDON, May 13.— A special dispatch
from Berne says, that eight Italian labor
ers have t>een killed -at Campo Dolcino by
the fall of an avalanche."
Arrest of a Night Watchman and His
Son-in-Law on Serious
ACCUSED OF STEALING
BULLION FROM REFINERY
WASHINGTON, May 13.— The long talk
ed of suit on the part of the State ' of
Kansas against the State of Colorado to
enjoin the latter State from the diversion
of the waters of the Arkansas River was
begun in the United States Supreme Court
to-day. The case must originate In the
Supreme Court because of its interstate
character, and accordingly Assistant At
torney General. West of the State of Kan
sas presented a motion for leave to file
a bill for an injunction. Attorney Gen
eral Post presented a brief for the State
of Colorado in opposition to the motion.
The court took the motion under advise
ment, giving Mr. Post permission to file
objections.
Seeks to Enjoin Colorado From Di
verting the Waters of the Ar
kansas River.
WASHINGTON, May 13.— Chief Justice
Fuller of the United States Supreme Court
to-day announced the affirmation of the
decree of the United States Circuit Court
for the District of Washington in the ca?e
of Charles W. Nordstrom, under sentence
of death for. murder, refusing to grant a
writ of habeas corpus. In the case, com
ing to the United States Supreme Court
from the Supreme Court of the State of
Washington on appeal, the court an
nounced that the motion to dismiss the
case or affirm the decree of the State
court would be heard on Monday, May £7.
In the latter case the State Supreme
Court affirmed the decree of the lower
court sentencing Nordstrom to capital
punishment.
•
KANSAS APPEALS TO -
THE SUPREME COURT
United States Supreme Court Will
Now Pass on Merits of*
Case.
MTTRDERER IS DENIED^
WRIT OF HABEAS^CORPUS
United States Supreme Court Con
firms the Judgment of the Cali
fornia Tribunal.
WASHINGTON. May 13.— In the cases
of Barker and Qucvas vs. /Harvey, the
United States Supreme Court to-day
passed upon the rights of the California
Mission Indians to hold land upon which
they have lived wh^n their claims are in
conflict with those of persons claiming un
der confirmed Mexican land grants. Har
vey, as an administrator, claimed title
under a grant in San Diego County, con
firmed in 18S0, and brought the suit to es
tablish the status of Barker, Quevas and
other Indians, who claimed to have been
on the land long prior to the making of
the grants in 1S40. The California Su
preme Court decided that the Indians had
no standing in view ol the recognition by
the Government of the validity of tha
Mexican grant and that decision was con
firmed by to-day's opinion.
MEXICAN GRANT TITLES
ARE HELD TO BE VALID
Shows Appreciation of Sympathy Re
cently Expressed by Kansas
Lawmakers.
TOPEKA. Ivans., May 13.— Governor
Stanley to-day received a letter written
by Foreign Minister Lansdowne, at the
request of King Elv.ard VII. thanking
the Kansas legislators for their resolution
of sympathy over the death of Queen
Victoria. This is the third communica
tion the legislators have received from
King Edward since they passed their
resolution of sympathy. In the first they
were thanked for their "sympathy and
loyalty." They objected to this phrase
ology, which placed them in the attitude
of being loyal to the British throne, and
the King's letter was expunged from the
record. The King heard of this action and
expressed his regrets to Embassador
Choate, explaining that a subordinate had
sent out the wrong letter of thanks to
the Kansas Legislature. The letter re
ceived to-day is in proper form.
KING EDWAKD SENDS
THANKS TO LEGISLATORS
Board of Federation Will Be Appoint
ed With Full Power to >
Act.
MILWAUKEE, AVis., May 13. — The
Brotherhood of Trainmen to-day finished
its work on amendments to the constitu
tion. Under the new order of things the
grand master will be allowed an assistant
to be located at headquarters. The assist
ant will be one of the four vice grand
masters and will assist In executive mat
ters, including the settlement of all griev
ances. This will leave three vice grand
masters for financial work. Frank P. Sar
gent grand chief of the Brotherhood of
locomotive Firemen,, addressed the con
vention this afternoon.
The convention decided to readopt the
old plan of a system of federation of the
live railroad organizations for the settle
ment of grievances. Under the plan the
various organizatrons are to appoint cojn
mitiees of two of every railroad, the com
bined committees to be known as a fed
erated board. Should one organization
fail in the settlement of a grievance, the
federated board is authorized to bring
about an adjustment. Similar action is
expected to be taken at the Conductors'
convention at St. Paul, which meets to
morrow. Another important action calls
for the appointment of a committee on
legislation for each state.
TRAINMEN DECIDE ON PLAN
FOR SETTLING GRIEVANCES
At a conference recently between Briga
dier General Funston and General Lacu
na, in the province of Xueva Ecija, La
cuna promised to collect his forces and
arms and surrender as soon as possible.
The trial of CommJesary Sergeant Henry
Wilson on the charg-e of stealing supplies
¦was begun to-day.
A civilian, Sylvester C. Fletcher, an
employe of the depot quartermaster, has
been sentenced to live years' imprison
ment .in Bilibid Prison (Manilo) for selling
Government bacon and coffee.
It is considered certain that Colonel
Charles A. 'Woodruff, the chief commis
sary officer, had no connivance with the
contractors' frauds. The appearance of
his name is explained by the fact that
the contractors paid the renting agents a
portion of the rent for Colonel Woodruff's
house above the price which was named
to Colonel Woodruff. This Woodruff of
fered to refund when he discovered it,
having in the meanwhile left the house,
but the agents declined to accept it.
There have been several minor captures
end surrenders in Cavite, Batangas and
Tayabas provinces. A number of camps
and quantities . of supplies have been de
stroyed.
The treasury at "Washington has be
£run the payment of sundry army ex
penses, Including rents and rewards for
surrendered arms, formerly borne by the
insular treasury.
The United States Philippine Commis
sion finds that the Internal revenue col
lections in most of the provinces are not
sufficient tor support the provincial gov
ernments 'until the beginning of the col
lection of land taxes a year hence, and
appropriations of from $200 to $3000 will
be made from the insular treasury in
favor of several of the provinces. These
appropriations will be considered as loans.
In addition the provincial laws will be
amended so as to require a sedula of one
peso from all males over 18, half of which
¦R-ill go to the province and half to the
municipality.
MANILA. May 13.— The military offi
cials generally are seconding the civil set
tlements of affairs in the provinces, with
the notable exception of the province of
Bataan, where Major William P. Vose,
commanding the Sixth Artillery, has
sought to collect taxes and has not au
thorized civil government General Mac-
Arthur has ordered Major Vose to cease
his unauthorized assumptions of author
ity.
Revenue Collections Are Not
Sufficient in Many
Provinces.
Civil Officials Settling
Affairs in the Phil
ippines.
MILITARY RULE
IS ABOUT OVER
Senors Tamayo, Llorente and Betancourt
said they thought that Secretary RooCs
statements were sincere and that Con
gress would not change the Platt amend
ment. The general tone of the discussion
favored the amendment, though Senor
Portuondo opposed It.
At to-day's meeting Senor Sangullly
criticized the "Washington Commission f<?r
not having made recommendations, in
their report instead of merely stating the
facts without making deductions.
HAVANA, May 13. — At a private session
of the constitutional convention to-day it
was decided to hand the report of the
Washington Commission to the Commit
tee on Relations to draw up a reply to
the Platt amendment. This committee
consists of .Senors VlHuendas, Tamayo,
Gualberto Gomez, Quesada and Silva. Of
these Senors Tamayo and Villuendas al
ready favor the amendment. Senor
Quesada. has been noted throughout for
his vacillation, he being an opportunist.
Th's commission previously drew up a
report against the Platt amendment,
which report was signed only by Gual
berto Gomez and Senors Silva and Vil
luendas, but the latter has accepted the
amendment and Gualberto Gomez says
that in view of the statements in the re
port of the "Washington Commission he
wishes to change his former report.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Secret Session of the Conven
tion to Consider Commis
sion's Report.
Majority Are Expected
to Yield to Uncle
Sam's Plan.
CUBANS FAVOR
THE AMENDMENT
HAMILTON, Burrauda, May 13.— The
British Government has rented Tuckers
and Morgans Islands, to be used as de
tention camps for Boer prisoners. Ac
tive preparations continue at Darrells
Island, obtained for the same purpose.
DURBAN. May 13.— Mrs. Louis Botha,
who has obtained consent to interview
Mr. Kruger and urge him to advocate
peace, sailed to-day for Europe on the
steamer Dunvegan Castle.
"Other columns report eight Boers
killed, twenty wounded, 132 prisoners,
twenty-four surrenders and a machine
gun, 6400 rounds of ammunition, 150
wagons and 370 horses captured."
"Grenf el has occupied . Louistrichart,
capturing fifty Boers, with rifles. Louis
trichart was previously held by six Brit
ish with forty surrendered Boers.
LONDON, May 13.— Lord Kitchener, in
a dispatch from Pretoria, dated May 12,
says :
Mrs. Botha Starts on Her
Mission to See Kruger
and Urge Peace.
Kitchener Continues to
Tell of Capture of
Boers.
VICTORIES ARE
DAILY REPORTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX1I1, TUESDAY, MAY 14, .1901.;
10
fi you want to
know where to
go this Summer
¦ "Whether to a mineral spring resort,
¦where you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can, in a short
walk or drive, commune with nature in
her valleys,- foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream.
Call or write for
"VACATION 1901"
This is a little book Just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and Is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marin, Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Lake counties. Besides,; it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to 510.00 per
week.
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office. Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
V _ •
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
ZU Hours' Ride tYom Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.'"
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
- Th6 Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to £ - PE ck. Agent.
10 Montgomer^^t^an^FrancUco. -
222 South Spring St., LOs Angeles. Cal.
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES.
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from the city;
moat beautiful location and marine view: an
unexcelled summer and winter resort: table
and sen-ice of the best^ q graham>
Late of Hotel Mateo. Manager.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 46 miles via C. N. Ry.
or S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try it. Round
trip, $1 10. Telephone. Rates, $12 and $14.
COOPER & SHEDDEN. Agua Caliente. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKH
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
end boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN, Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
2i& hours' ride from S. F. : 5 miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M.MADRID, Vallejo, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial . lake for boating
and swimming; long-dlatance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 50; open the year round.
Send for circulars.
J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood.. Cal.
Vk°- tocalowa. *& ra
Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin 'In-
fortnatlon Bureau, 233 Kearny st., S. F.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort; climate unsur-
passed; most beautiful spot, in Santa Clara
County; great relief for people with asthma;
65 miles from 8. F.; fare $1 65; free 'bus.
JOHN NEVILL. proprietor. Los Gatos.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from . Hopland; best' medicinal
•waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O.. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendoeino Co.. Cal.
JOHANNISBBreG.
Under entire new management and owner-
1 ship.' Family Resort in ihe Napa Redwoods.
Exhilarating air; hunting, fishing, swimming
and boating; terms reasonable; send for circu-
lars. THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Proprl-
etor. Oakvllle. Napa County.
C k MD T 1 VI Mt Cottages, . camping, fishing,
vAlllr 1 A 1 JLUn . amusements. Ideal place
for summer outing; 29 miles from S. F. ;
among the redwoods. H. G. MARTIN, propr.
, HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking;
$7 per week and upwards. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport, Lake County, Cal.
THE OAKS.
ON BRANCIFORTE DRIVE— 50 minutes to
beach; mail daily by carrier; private board-
ing. Particlars Mrs. Czarina Smith. . Sta. Cruz.
> HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C. C. Foss' - Stage Line from Callstoga.
The scenic route. Livery, in connection. C. C.
FOSS. Proprietor, Callstoga, Cal.
• VICHY SPRINGS,"
The only place in the ¦ United States where
Vichy Water • Is abundant. The only . natural
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
Proprietors.
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, near .Santa.
Cruz, In heart of the mountains;' among
the redwoods: first-class accom.; very reason-
able terms; telephone, swimming tank, croquet
and amusements ; dally mall: new improve-
ments: our well-known table is our recommen-
dation. Round trip campers to Glenwood, lncl.
stage. $3 75. Frank R. Dann, Santa Cruz. . . ,
PLANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen miles from
Cazadero, on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit, i cream, i milk; free conveyance for
parties < of 2 or more; grand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttrlnger, Sea view, , Sonoma Co. , or
apply Mr. Kruse, 207 Front St., for particulars.
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
•¦. — - . • •
m Cm ¦* ¦¦• >-» v mi* •
.In AH California
No Place Like This."
AnOuting
On ajlew Plan,
On June 3. this year. CAMP REVERIE will
be opened in a redwood grove on the Guerne-
ville branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fult.cn and Guerne-
ville.
Handsome booklets with f uU details have been
left In Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room 81. Flood building. San
Francisco. Office hours 12 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto. 1400 feet up in the coast range.
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog and winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature; seven miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge: special bathhouses for ladies:
massage treatment: cement swimming tank,
30x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. ; round-trio ticket $8. C.
T. ROMIE. prop.; J. O. VALPEY. manager.
...NAPA... Napa County.
SODA SPRINGS Cal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL.
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
. For further information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor. .
CAZADERO itKgg
miles northwest of San Pyaaclsco. Hotels, cot-
tages and camp grounds* offer ! accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prices. Fine trout
fishing. -beautiful scenery, drives, bathing. An
ideal resort. Elim Grove Hotel, under same
management, on the banks- of Austin Creek,
a mile from Cazadero; a most picturesque
spot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co..
Cazadero. Cal. City office 749 Market st.
CAMELLINE
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumno
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round- trip from Stockton $27.
Staging Vn hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. G30 Market st.. opposite Palace
Hotel, S. F. ; tel. Black 3571. '
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS ?° N ZVE
from San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues ; best nat-
ural hath in State; swimming and boating;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Tak« Tib-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms,
$2 a day or $12 a week. References— Any guest
of the past six years. For further lnforroa-
toin address J. F. MULGREW, Skaggs. Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest plac«
In all California; lota amusement; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
91S Lai kin St.. S. F. DRURT & KROEGER.
——_____
: THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HfllTT'Q Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
nui i i o s cho<>1 b^ ooen to BUmmer
MENLO «ruests during Juno and- July.
_ - ___ Superior climate. excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
______ dress IRA' G. HOITT.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Gey sera;
daily mall; $7 per week. •„ Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK, Geyservllle. Sonoma Co.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANYON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nics otccampers. Further information ad-
dress WJC H. MENTON. Excursion Pass.
Agent. «' P. Co.. 613 Market street.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
cino. Visit this quiet little resort for
solid comfort. For particulars apply to S.
BTRATTON. S Eighth atreet. City. "" * °"
THE GEYSERS.-.8sy
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NA.TXT-
ral steam, baths; swimming, fishing hunt-
ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. X.
vWERTHEIMER. manager. ¦
WITI flW- RANCH forlner Proprietor W
fflLUUW nAnUl Crandell-A summer home
in the redwoods. G miles from Santa Cruz-
running water, swimming, croquet, abucdance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for itself
For particulars. TULEY & ILir*\ Santa Cru"!
' HOTEL. MOUNT. VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open th*.
year round. Bus meets 9:30 and 11 o'clock trains
from the city at present. The culinary depart-
ment will receive special attention. For rate*
and particulars ¦ address HOTEL. ifnTrvrir
, VIEW, Ross Valley, Marln Cq/ Cal. :MOUNT
CLENBROOK.
Just the place to enjoy your vacation Vb<*w.
amusements. Plenty large & sniat S e TabU
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only » & $?o 5r™.
mation at Traveler office. 20 Montamirv ° .t
or address O. W. R. TREDWAT -PwSf^ ?*"
Glenbrook. Lake County. Cal. ' Pw *« 1 *».
WHITE COTTAGES, "°w /EI - 1 -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and ; economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap- i
est shaving soap in all t^e
world.
An sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
of stores p*ll <•. dnicciBts.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
HOTEL**
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans. !
¦»GRAND~HOTEL«» j
AMUSEMENTS.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"A Splsndid Success!"
"And Has Caught the Town."
THE
. Sparkling with Fun and IVJusIc.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and COo
Telephone-JBush. .9. . J .
fjLVHEATR tfrlX
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MOBROW.
Our President's Greeting.
Elaborate Scenic Production of Milton Royle's
Comedy Drama,
FRIENDS*
• Reserved Seats— 15c, 23c, 35c, EOc.
. Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Next "Week— "THE FIRST BORN." '
GRAND 1 OPEIRA HOUSp
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL, OP THIS WEEK!
FLORENCE STONE and JACK "WEBSTER,
Y- Supported by Our New Stock Company,
in Daniel L, Hart's Great Drama,
"GOVERNMENT
ACCEPTANCEv"
One of Stuart ' Robson's Greatest Successes."
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 60c. A" Few Seats, 75c.
" •" ' " A Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plac«
la all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates — $10, $12. Ilk
$15 and J16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
218 Montgomery St., and «e« photographs o«
hotel and surroundings. W« take pleasure la
writing full particulars. Address CRAJO <3
WARNER.
DR. C C O'DONNELU'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on tha Coast. The- greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In tha world; 4*
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. K. and S. F.
AN P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing tree. Inquire of DR.
C. C. CDONNELL, of flee 1021'-4 Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If yon want your health,
.pleasure and longevity this Is tfio place to go.
Nothing so good as good
health — no place 'so full of It as
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
J. Martens, prop.. Bachelor.
Lake County. Cal.
City office. 416 Pine st. Booklet.
WILBUR KOT SULPHUR SPRINTS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa.,Co.. Cal.. 28 miles by
stage west of "Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, »10 a week. "WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor.
It Is never too late to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the cozy
Saratoga Springs.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O., Laks
County; City Office. 416 Pine street.
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOB A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air.
$S per wk. H: B. LAWLEY. Callstoga. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa. Cruz Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure, fishing, hunting and swimming; good
table; guests at home; never fall to come bark
again: send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET.
Llagas. .
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwesters
Railway; Hot mineral baths near* by. Terms,
*1 per day and upward. PETER. GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS. 1
Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; J7 per week. Round trip by Btmr
Point Arena, $7. Inquire at 54 Mission and 14
Sansome St.. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK,
Point Arena, Cal.
LAKE COUNTY. — New 19-passenger Yosemit*
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
daily (Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin. Seigler. Adams, Howard. Ander-
son. Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round- trip
tickets: half an hour for lunch at Callstoga;
also to Mtddletown. Lower Lake. Kelscyvtllo
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
OWN a home In beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker. )3t>
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free;
sawmill, depot, store, postofflce at camp:
board and lodging $5; take Sausallto ferry, S3
round-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H.
M. GREGSON. Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
BROOKSIDE— At head of Napa Valley. Fre«
carriage, hot and cold water, gas. baths,
springs, rooms and board unsurpassed. "Writ*
for pamphlet. G. W. CTJTLER, Callstoga, Cal.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommodation*
for few guests: mountain scenery, pure air;
17 per week. F. McNULTT. Callstoga. CaL
LAGUNA FARM— XV, milea from Mt. Olivet
station; boating, fishing, bathing; $8 per "week.
MRS. R. BALLARD. Mt. Olivet. Sonoma Co.
GILROT FASHION STABLES— Also stage UnW
to hot springs; first-class turnouts. MATOCK
& HOOPER, proprietors.
,Moet&
Cfrandon
The larsrest and oldest Champasma
House in the world.
White Seal (Grande Cuvee) of ex-
ceptional bouquet and drynes3. — Court
JTournal.
WILLIAM W0ITT * CO., Pwiflo Coast Imnts.
329 Mtrktt 8t;S»n rr»acho».
* — _____ ' ""-•¦>••
WEEIJI CALL
o/ It Publish^ the Cream of tlM
News or the Week and
cJ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o/ ORIGINAL F-EATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THft
1 PACIFIC COAST
3 Til a Bast \^ /Mining
~J Telegraphic \X News That
°\ service on /\. Is Accurate
oc The Coast / >.& U P to dato
ex Not a Line of it Sensational-
©^ or Faky, and Not a Line of
cj it Dry ox Uninteresting.
OC Bright, Clean, A CbampioJ tf
1 Thoughtful. 1 rntii.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPE1
D . ' ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES ~i~~SENT BT
Zj HOME MAIL, SI
G\ INDUSTRIES I 4Y£UL
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
..Positively cured by" thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. "A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain i"
the Side, TORPID. 'LIVER. , Thiy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
AMUSEMENTS.
A FRESIDENT1AL WELCOME BILL
JAMES O. BARROWS, JOHN LANCASTER
AND COMPANY; BISON* CITY- QUAR-
• TETTE. ED LATEL.LE, THE FOUR HUNT-
INGS. ZEB AND ZARROW, THE BIO-
GRAPII.
Last Week of the Favorites,
THE AGOUST FAMILY and v
MclNTYRB AND HEATH.
Resprved seats 23c, Balcony 10c, Opera Chairs
and Box Seats EOc.
seecial¥atinees
Wednesday, Tnursday, Friday,
Saturday and Sundayr x
ALHAMBRA
The Place to Laup. ,
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK,
M COLUMBIA 17
INSTREL COMPANi
« f* Black-Face Artists —Sing- A ft
ngi ers, Dancers. Comedians, nil
UU Vaudeville Performers.' UU
PRICES 10c, 25c and 50c
Seats at the Theater and the Emporium.'
Phone Howard 1974. '
TO GREET THE NATION'S PRESIDENT.
-TO-NIGHT! ' ».;
AH This TVeek, "Matinee Saturday.
SPECIAL BARGAIN MATINEES EVERT
THURSDAY.
Prices 25c and 50c reserved
MR. JAMBS NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting CLYDE FITCH'S Dramatic
Triumph,
BAR SARA
F/? I ETC HIE.
Evening 25c. 35c, 50c. 75c, $1.00
Saturday Matinee '. ..25c, 50c, 75c
NEXT— "PHROSO."
BEIASCO amo THAlLSjfetf^
-t^ ttftmcirrtuu
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK,
Extra Matinee TO-MORROW (WEDNESDAY).
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday. .
The Champion Feather-Weight,
TERRY McGOVERN
IN HIS GREAT SUCCESS.
"THE BOWERY AFTER. DARK."
A sensational melodrama, Terry McGovern
appears as the Bowery Boy In every act.
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Every Evening
in the Last Act Between Terry Mc-
*" Govern and Danny Dougherty,
nnirct EVENINGS...... 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
I IilwC2> MATINEES 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "SHADOWS OF A GREAT
CITY." ¦ ,'¦
LAST 5 NIGHTS
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
%L A | _ HERNE'S
VB GREAT PLAY
• ' A STORY OF HEART AND HOME.
Last Performance Saturday Night.
NEXT MONDAY— HENRY MILLER
• in "HEARTSEASE."
Seats Ready Thursday. • 3£
RACING I RACING I RACING I
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day."
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last rac».
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MTLROY. Secretary.
Grand Flower Show,
California State Floral Society. ¦
GRAND NAVE, FERRY BUILDING,
Thursday, Friday, Saturdays
MAY 16, 17, 18.
ADMISSION 25c. Day and Evening.
EXCURSION
To witness the launch of ' the U. S. BAT-
TLESHIP OHIO. Saturday, May 18, 1901, Cal-
ifornia Transportation Company's steamers
Pride of the River and Onisbo will leave
Jackson st. pier No. 5, 10:30 a. m. Only a
limited number of tickets will be sold for
these steamers. ', Tickets, ?1." For ¦ sale at the
Emporium and DOREY & CUNNINGHAM'S,
509 Montgomery St.. 4 and 302 Market st.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
flOVnUIlD Admission 10c. /-
"Damery and Bancroft, Augusta Salvinl,
Clara Palmer Hyde, De Boe. Belle Wilton and
Evans, Devees and Ev,ans. ¦ -
¦'Reserved Seats. 25c. - Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS,
¦- Open Daily From 7 ¦¦ a/ m. to 10 p. m."
Bathi ng; From 7 a. m. " to • 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c. . -
Bathing, including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.Edward Going to Homburg.
BERLIN, ;-. May 13.— King - Edward, ao
San Pablo to the Launching.
The Santa Fe will run their splendid steam
er £an Pablo to the launching of the battle
ship Ohio on Saturday. May 18.
She will leave Market-st. ferry at 11:15 a.
rn. and return after the launching. Tickets,
DOc for round trip, at Santa Fe Ticket Office,
Market-et. ferry.
like So Many Dollhouses
Are the beautiful furnished flats now on
exhibition on corner Oak and Cole streets.
These flats were furnished by the Patto
sien Company, corner Sixteenth and Mis
sion streets,' and are open to visitors every
day this week from 10 till 12 and 2 till - 5
o'clock; also -evenings by appointment.
Telephone, 'Private 603. • ¦' •
Will Deal With Dreyfus Case.
BERLIN, May 13.— Prince Muster von
Durnerberg, according to the Berliner
Tageblatt, is going to his Durnerberg es
tate, where he will complete his memoirs,
which will deal elaborately with the Drey
fus affair, ashe was German Embassador
in Paris during the Dreyfus period.
•-
Men Kill a Negro.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., May 13.— A mob
of masked men went to a house occupied
by Lee Key, colored, near Knoxville,
Johnson County, and called him out. Key
was found dead in the yard at daybreak,
having been shot. It is charged that he
had been terrorizing other negroes. >¦-...
Filibustering in Reichstag.
BERLIN, May 13.— The sitting of the
Reichstag on Wednesday is likely to de
velop filibustering on the part of the Lib
erals against the spirits revision bill in
the interest. of the Agrarians.
FOREIGN POWERS ENVIOUS '
OF THE UNITED STATES
German Press Urges and Advocates
a Commercial Alliance With '
Russia. • .
COLOGNE, May 13.— The Gazette this
morning prints a long article on -the com
mercial problems confronting Germany. in
regard to the position of the other pow
ers. The ' paper strongly advocates a
Russo-German alliance in order to make
a strong front against the United States.
"This is a matter of .life and death," the
paper says. "The exceptional commercial
position enjoyed by the United States
should not be allowed to continue. The
United States is a most dangerous rival
for German products, especially in raw
and finished iron, and this should never
be forgotten in- directing the commercial
policy of this country. An entente with
Russia would provide the ways and
means to compel . America to conform to
the commercial system of Europe." :.
STATES AT VARIANCE
OVER DRAINAGE CANAL
Missouri Seeks to Enjoin Illinois
From Discharging "Waters Into
Mississippi River.
WASHINGTON, May 13.-Benjamin
Schurmacher of St. Louis to-day obtained
leave to file in the United States Supreme
Court a supplemental bill in the. case of
the State of Missouri against the State of
Illinois, in which the .former State seeks
to enjoin the discharge " of the waters of
the Chicago drainage canal Into the Mis
sissippi River. Permission also was
granted to Hon. William Springer, repre
senting the State of Illinois. in this case,
to file a demurrer: to one paragraph of
tjhe bill and an answer to other portions.
Charged With Manslaughter.
LONDON, May 13.— The Grand Jury to
day found a ¦ true 8 bill of manslaughter
against "Jack" Roberts, the pugilist who
on April 22 fatally injured "Billy" I Smith
in a boxing contest at the National Sport
ing Club, Referee Douglass, Manager Bet
tison of the National Sporting Club and
others concerned in the fight. . The : Re
corder recommended this course, so | that
the courts might finally decide - whether
such competitions are genuine contests
for points or prize-fights. :
ARMY REORGANIZATION
ORDER IS MADE PUBLIC
Gives Strength of Various Branches
on Basis of Seventy-Seven
Thousand Men.
WASHINGTON. May 13.— The War De
partment to-day published the reorgani
zation order prescribing the strength of
the various branches of the military ser
vice upon the basis of a total army ot
77 2S7 men and a staff of 2783 officers, the
r-nlisted strength being 74,504 men. By
the order each cavalry regiment will con
sist of twelve cavalry troops of eighty
five enlisted men each, making the total
strength of the cavalry branch 15.S40 men.
The coast artillery will consist of 125
companies of 109 enlisted men each, mak
ing 13,734, and the field artillery of thirty
batteries of 1C3 men each, making a total
artillery force of field and coast of 18,802
enlisted men. The thirty infantry regi
ments will consist of twelve companies
of 104 enlisted men each, making the in
fantry strength 38,520 enlisted men. The
three engineer battalions will have four
companies of 104 enlisted men each, with
a band, and will have a strength of 1282
enlisted men.
CRUISER BUFFALO
ARRIVES FROM MANILA
Brings Returning Seamen and Ma
rines and Bodies of Roper and
.Houghton. : •; '-
NEW TORK. May 13.— The United
Ptatos cruiser Buffalo arrived this morn
ins from Manila, via Colombo and the
Suez < anal. The Buffalo left «avite, Ma
nila. April 4 and arrived outside the bar
at Sandy Hook last night at midnight,
making the run in thirty-eight days. The
Ruffalo brought 591 seamen and fifty
seven marines, the most of whom had en
listed for the war or for three years.
They will be discharged at the Brooklyn
navy yard.
The Buffalo brought two bodies, cne
that of Lieutenant CommanCer Jesse M.
Itopcr, who was killed on the U. S. S.
Petrel, the other that of Passed Assist
ant Surgeon Houghton. who died at
Hongkong.
Burglars Loot a Safe.
PEORIA. 111.. May 15.— Burglars entered
the Thielbar shoe house of this city last
night through a skylight, broke Into the
eafe and secured about $1000.
SERIOUS ILLNESS OF
MRS. LYMAN J. GAGE
Condition of the Secretary of the
Treasury's Wife Now Caus-
ing- Apprehension.
WASHINGTON, May 13.— Mrs. Gage,
wife of the Secretary of the Treasury, is
dangerously ill at her residence in this
city, and some concern is felt for her re
covery. She has been ill for several
weeks, though little anxiety has been felt
regarding her condition until recently. On.
account of her poor health, Secretary
Gage did not accompany the President's
party to the Pacific coast.
METHODIST MINISTERS
DENOUNCE THE PRESIDENT
Deeply Offended by Report That He
Drank Wine on Board a Bat
tleship.
WORCESTER, Mass.. May 13.— At the
monthly meeting of Methodist ministers in
Trinity Church to-day, a clergyman said
that an eye-witness had told him that
President McKinley drank a glass of
champagne on board a battleship. Several
of the clergymen present vigorously de
nounced the President for the reputed act.
Gets Leave of Absence.
STANFORD UNIVKRSITY, May 13.—
Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, associate professor
of historv in Stanford University, has
been granted leave of absence for his sab
batical year. He will be married in June
and will spend the year of 1901-02 in Eu
rope in travel and study. Dr. Dunlway's
place will be filled. for the time being by
Dr. Charles Henry Ramrnelkamp.of Cor
nell University. Dr. Rammelkamp is a
graduate of Cornell, clas of 1896. He has
since been assistant and instructor in
American history under Professor Tyler
at Cornell. He received his doctor's de
gree from Cornell in 1900, and has spent
the past year in Europe in advanced
study. He will begin his work with the
beginning of the year, in September, j
• . '¦*- > r.
Meets Death in a Mine.
STOCKTON, May 13.— Thomas Arivery
of this city, an engineer, whose wife re
eide& at 1127 South California street,
was instantly killed yesterday morning
rear Stent. , a mining town near Sonora.
Arivery was; struck by a car which had
parted from the skip, having been improp
erly attached to it. and his neck was
broken. The accident occurred in the 200
foot level of the mine.
Falls Dead in School.
SANTA ROSA, May 13.— Miss Sallie
Gray, a teacher In the public schools of
this city, dropped dead this morning at
her school in Rogers district shortly be
fore the time for calling- the pupils to or
der. She was a • daughter of James W.
Gray of this city.
SALT LAKE, May 13.— Senator Kearns
of Utah telegraphed the Tribune from
Chicago to-night as follows:
"You may say authoritatively that the
road from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles
will be built. I saw Senator Clark in
Paris two weeks ago an,d after consulta
tions we decided to go ahead with the
work. The road will be built, you may
be asured of that."
Should the plans of Senators Clark, and
Kearns be carried out, it will mean two
roads between Salt Lake and Los An
geles, as the Oregon Short Line is rap
idly pushing construction work alon^ the
old right of way over which such a fight
was waged with the Senator Clark
forces.
Declares He Will Con
struct the Line to
Los Angeles. .
KEARNS READY
TO BUILD ROAD
Aicohol Said to Be the Cause of De
generacy and of Poverty.
NATIONAL CONFERENCE
DISCUSSES CHARITIES
WASHINGTON, May 13.— The general
session of the National Conference of
Charities and Corrections to-day wa3 do
voted to a discussion of the division of
work between public and private charity.
Controller Coler of New York delivered
an interesting address on the subsidy
problem in New York City. He said that
the system has been greatly improved by
intrusting its treatment exclusively to the
local authorities.
"A section meeting was held In the after
noon at Columbian University, the topic
being "Alcohol As a Cause- of Degener
acy." To-night at the general session at
Foundry Church, the conference consid
ered the subject of "Needy Families in
Their Homes." Professor John Graham
Brooks of Cambridge, Mass.," paid some
attention to the forms of charity which
require investigation and friendly visit
ing. "The poor," he said, "will never
take kindly to 'investigation.' No duty
of the visitor," he added, "requires more
delicacy and tact than that of learning
what has happened to bring the family
to want."
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in Management . of
Postoffices in Interior of
California.
WASHINGTON. May 13.— The following
orders were issued by the Postofflce De
partment to-day: • .
Postmasters appointed: California-
Thomas Heryford. Jewetta, Kern County,
vice J. B. Cantwell, resigned; Samuel Ro
tanzl, Santa Ysabel, San Diego County,
vice D. L. Hoover, resigned; Lilian Stan
der, Stander, Riverside County, vice A. J.
Stander, resigned.
Pensions issued to-day: California — In
crease: George Slyler, Eureka, $12. War
with Spain— Original: H. Bror Hjalmar
Sjoberg, Fresno, $24.
Oregon— Increase: George B. Hutch
croft, North Yamhill, $12. Original wid
ows: Esther Calkina, Foster, $8.
Washington— Additional: Gillis J. Me-
Bane, Coif ax $10. Increase: Andrew J.
Lewis, North Yakima, $12. Original wid
ows: Minor of John Lapham, Buckley,
$10.
CTTBAN BASEBALL GAME
ITEABLY ENDS IN. A RIOT
Spectator. Attempts to Lower Ameri
can Flag, and 'Guards Charge
the Crowd.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, May 13.— There
was' an exciting ball game between the
Americans and Cubans here yesterday.
The Cubans won by the score of 11 to 10.
During the enthusiastic demonstration
which followed hundreds crowded on the
field and a jubilant Cuban attempted to
pull down the American flag to half
mast. A squad of rural guards drew
machetes and charged the crowd, crying,
"Viva la bandera Americana" (long live
the American flag).
The guards arrested the offender, who
disclaimed Intentional disrespect to the
flag and said it was a thoughtless joke.
He was released. No one was seriously
hurt. m
ALASKANS DEPIiORE
THE SMALLPOX SCARE
Steamer Captain Says No Whites Are
Afflicted by the
Disease.
SEATTLE, May 13.— The steamer Dirigo,
Captain Hunter, from Skaguay and way
ports, with smallpox' news, but no small
pox arrived here this morning. The peo
ple of Southeastern Alaska are much ex
ercised over the smallpox scare and are
makirg strong efforts to counteract the
effect of It on travel to Lynn Canal and
wav ports.
"The fact is." said Captain Hunter,
"that there is not a single case of small
pox among the whiles at Skaguay, Haines
or Juneau. There is some smallpox at
Hocnah, Killisnoo and Sitka, but these
cases are among the Indians."
LONDON, May 13.— War Secretary Brod
rick, in the House of Commons to-day,
moved his army scheme, providing for six
corps, with 5000 militia as a reserve and
increasing the yeomanry from 12,000 to
35,000 men. • ...• '¦¦
The Liberal leader, Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman, moved as an amendment that
while desiring to improve the efficiency of
the army, the proposals largely increased
the existing burdens without adding sub
stantially to the military strength of
Great Britain. The galleries of the House
were crowded, many peers being present,
including Earl Roberts, the Duke of Marl
borough and the Marauis of "Lansdowne,
as well as many peeresses and wives of
the members of the House.
• The discussion was regarded as disap
pointing, and Brodrick's -proposals ap
parently failed to excite enthusiasm.
The only really interesting speech was
made by Winston Churchill, who, follow
ing in his father's footseps, entered a
strong protest in behalf of economy and
against "ever-growing military extrava
gance."
Mr. Churchill created a deep impression
by reading Lord Randolph Churchill's let
ter to the Marquis of Salisbury on his
(Lord Randolph's) resignation, fifteen
years ago, emphasizing the need of public
"I am proud to raise the tattered flag
of economy again," he said, "and procesd
ing to point out that the expenditure lor
defenses had doubled since the date of his
father's letter, he asked whether the pop
ulation had doubled or whether the offen
sive forces of other nations had doubled.
He argued that the navy was England's
real defense, and that the reauest of the
present policy would be a weak navy and
a useless strong army. He declared him
self unable to support either Mr. Brod
rick's resolution or the amendment of
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman. .
The House listened in impressive silence
to Mr. Churchill's, eloauent appeal. His
style of speaking is still unequal, but he
has the power to dominate Parliament.
Enters an Earnest Protest
Against Military Ex-?
/ travagance. -
Strong Plea for Economy
Made by Winston
Churchill.
ENGLAND'S ARMY
PLAN ATTACKED
City of Paducah sank In twentj'rfive feet
of water at five minutes before 10 o'clock
last nicht. in less than five minutes after
striking a snag: : while • backing out from
Brunkhorst landing. The bodies of two
passengers who were drowned have been
recovered and twenty-two members- of the
crew, most of them negroes, are missing.
All of the officers were saved.
First Mate Tobias Royal of St. Louis
says only about twelve passengers were
on board, and ail were saved except two.
The body of Dr. J. W. Bell of Bell's Land
ing, Tenn., was taken out of his state
room. The remains of a young woman, on
which was a visiting card reading 1 "Mrs.
Harry L. Allen, 3430 Eads avenue. St.
Louis," was recovered from her state
room. Two 'friends traveling with- the
drowned woman, who started back to St.
Louis on the steamer City of Clifton, said
that the young ¦woman was engaged to
xnaiTy Dr. C. A. Meridith of St. Louis.
Several hundred dollars' worth of jewelry
was found on her body.
The passenger list has not been recov
ered. A diver Is searching for it. Only
the texas and the hurricane decks are
above water, which reaches to the sky
lights of the cabins. All the staterooms
are completely filled with water. The
steamboat drifted a third of a mile below
the landing before she sank. The first
mate says tha boat went down within
three Jhinutes after striking the snag. He
was on the cabin deck and escaped by
climbing through the skylight.
It is supposed that most of the missing
deckhands, who were on the lower deck,
were washed down the river. The boat
lies -down about 100 feet from the Illi
nois shore, the fore part of the hurricane
aeck being under water. She appears to
be a total wreck.
The Coroner of Murphysboro, 111., is now
holding: an inauest while the diver is
searchins for more bodies.
Thomas Johnston, watchman of the
boat, who is said to be among the lost,
was So years of age and had been a steam
ooatman for sixty years. He lived in
St. Louis.
Relief Steamer Stranded.
ST. LOUIS, May 13.-The City of Clifton,
which took on board the remainder of the
crew and passengers of the City of Pa
ducah, had not put in an appearance at
her wharf here up to midnight. Captain
Massengale, the agent of the company,
said she was undoubtedly stalled at St.
Genevieve. 111., sixty miles below St.
Louis, owing to the low stage of water on
the bar there, in which event she would
have to wait until daylight before trying
to proceed. No additional news regarding
the loss cf life beyond that contained in
these dispatches iiad been received at the
office of the company up to midnight. A
message from the captain of the City of
Clifton stated that the bodies of Miss
Gardner and Dr. Bell had been sent to
Murpheysboro, III., for embalming, and
that the remains of the former would ar
rive in this city on an early morning
train.
All night long a crowd of anxious rela
tives and friends thronged the office of
the company awaiting the arrival of the
City of Clifton. Efforts were made to get
additional tidings of the wreck from that
vessel by telephoning to points along the
river, but they were unavailing. Divers
left here to-night for the scene of the
wreck.
MEET ON BOARD
GREEK WARSHIP
"I don't know how many there were
aboard, but think there were about
twenty-five drowned. Among them were
two engineers, one white woman, and
about fifteen negroes. There was great
confusion, and it may be more were
drowned. It is likely others of the
party 6aved will tell different stories of
the catastrophe. I 'was glad to get but
alive, and did not tarry at the scene. The
boat sank about 10 o'clock Sundas T night."
Two Bodies Recovered.*
GRAND TOWER, 111., May 13.— The
"I got on the boat at Landing' 76 to po
to Cairo. The boat stopped at Lake Ditch
Landing-, and again at Brunkhorst, which
Is only a few miles below Lake Ditch, and
took on corn. At both places about seven
teen sacks were loaded. After the corn
at Brunkhorst had been placed on board
the boat started down stream, and Just
as she put off struck a snag, tearing a big
hole in her.
"The crew then tried to place the stern
of the boat toward the river, and while
turning her around she sank. She Is about
thirty feet from, shore, and her cabin and
pilot house are above water. I Jumped
Into a skiff and got ashore. A Jewish
rabbi, his wife and daughter, got into a
ekiff and went to Grand Tower.
Story of a Survivor.
Prank White, whose home is in Kansas
City, grot aboard the boat at Landing T6,
north of Brunkhorst. He told the follow
ing story of tlie disaster:
Rev. Mr. Block, wifo and daughter,
passed through Carbondale this morning
on their way to Evansville, where they
will reside.
CARBONDALE, 111., May 13.— The City
of Paducah, a Mississippi packet, was
sunk near Brunkhorst' s Landing, about
four miles north of Grand Tower, at
;o o'clock Sunday night. Between twenty
five and fifty people were drowned, only
seven of xhose on board escaolng. The
City of Paducah. left St. Louis Sunday
morning on a downward trip, stopping at
several landings and taking on freight,
most of 'which was corn, until the boat
was -heavily' loaded.
About 10 xj'clock Miss Fannie Block,
who, in company with her parents. Rev.
and Mrs., Block, was going from St. Louis
to Evansville, Ind., was roused from sleep
by a sudden jar. She asked her mother
if her berth had broken, and no sooner
had the words passed her lips than water
rushed into the apartments and they were
compelled, to act quickly to .save their
lives. With four others they escaped to
the Illinois shore by holding on to drift
wood and swimming. The seven saved
are Hebrews. Rer. Mr. Block is a Jewish
rabbi. The seven survivors of the catas
trophe made their way down the river
bank to Grand Tower and aroused Mrs.
Baronowsky at the Tremont Hotel, where
they were given lodging until this morn
ing. They lost all their clothes and valu
ables, and had nothing but their under
wear and blankets, about them. Among
the drowned were about twenty-flve negro
roustabouts. The upper structure of the
boat can be seen above the water.
King of Greece Receives
Exalted Ruler of
Roumania.
King Charles and King George have
hitherto never met. The meeting which
had been arranged to take place ! .n 1S3S
fai'ed because of the death of Queen
Louise of Denmark. Although the Greek
and Roumanian press both indulge in
proa* expectations as to the result ot to
day's meeting-, it is probable that noth
ing more definite will result than an ex
change of views and the strengthening of
the friendly relations existing between the
ABBAZIA, Austria, May 13.— King
Charles of Roumanla and King George of
Greece met here this afternoon on.- board
fhe Greek warship Psara. The object of
the meeting of King Charles and King
George, as officially set forth at Athens,
is to draw Roumania and Greece into clos
er friendship. Unofficially, various roa
f-ons are ascribed to this meetinar, the
most notable among them being the need
for the two non-Slavonic states?, Bouma
r.ia and Greece, to come to an understand
ing in opposition to the Pan-Slavonic
states cf Servia and Bulgaria on the Ma
cedonian and other Questions.
Of Those Aboard the Ill-Fated City of Pa
ducah Only Seven Escape, the Number
Drowned Being Estimated From 2< \v $o
MISSISSIPPI STEAMBOAT
STRIKES SNAG AND SINKS
NEW YORK, May 13.— Schedules of the
assets and liabilities of John E. Searles,
who made an assignment to Edward F.
Dwight on March 5 last and against 'whom
bankruptcy proceedings • wereV instituted
four days later, have been filed with the
clerk of the United States District Court
in Brooklyn. The schedules show on their
face that Searles' assets greatly exceed
his liabilities, being $3,616,545. He owes,
all told, $2,135,785. His principal liabilities
follow: • -
Due the Southern Pacific Company, $100,
000; the Travelers' . Insurance Company,
$100,000; American Deposit and Loan Com
pany, $120,000; National Bank of North
America, $175,000; International Trust
Company of Baltimore, $327,500; Seaboard
National Bank, $100,000; Marellus Hartley,
$50,000; American Loan and Trust Com
pany of Boston, $50,000; Pueblo National
Bank, $41,617; West-urn National Bank of
New York, $90,000; Franklin Trust Com
pany, Broadway, $55,000; Metropolitan Life
Insurance Company (secured by mort
gage), $180,230. • • .
All of the foregoing amounts are se
cured either by collateral or by' mort
gage on real estate. The Southern Pacific
holds as security for its $100,000 claim 7
per cent preferred shares of the American
Fisheries Company, of the face value of
$75,000, and bonds of the Ironton Struc
tural Steel Company of Duluth, Minn.
The fisheries company collapsed last
year,. and it is not possible to say what
real value its stock represents. . ¦ . v
The Travelers' Insurance Company,
holds 1400 shares of the International
Trust Company- of Baltimore, represent
ing a face value of $140,000. The American
Loan and Deposit Company holds various
securities, including American Cotton
Company shares and Sprague Electric
stock. The National Bank of North
America's loan of $175,000 is s'ftcured hf
stocks of the same general character, as
are the amounts due the International
Trust Company of Baltimore.*
The debt to the Seaboard National Bank
is guaranteed by H. H. Rogers of the
Standard Oil Company, who is himself se
cured by deeds . to real estate at Great
Hill and Cornuconia mine.
PEKING, May 13.— On May 10 the Chi
nese Plenipotentiaries sent to the Min
isters their answer to the demand- for
450,000,000 taels ($327,000,000), which was
made on May 8. The \ Chinese reply is
long, and it may be said on first reading
proves more satisfactory to a majority of
the Ministers than they had* expected.
The first paragraph states, that China
has not the slightest intention of trying to
escape the payment of her. just obliga
tions, that she is pledged to pay all legit
imate expenses of the allies and all dam
ages actually incurred by the foreigners
during the recent troubles, and will do so. 1 *
The third paragraph sets forth that the
resources of China are diminishing. The
Government in recent years was only able
to raise 88,000,000 taels ($61,000,000) a year,
of which 24,000,000 taels ($17,000,000) go tp
pay the war loan, and 16,000,000 taels ($11,
000,000) more to foreign obligations.
After dwelling at length upon the di
minishing revenue of the country and the
great number of outstanding obliga
tions of China the Plenipotentiaries pro
pose to set aside 15,000,000 taels ($10,000,000)
annually out of the 70,000,000 taels $(50,000,
000), to be paid to the powers in monthly
installments until the sum agreed upon is
made up.
Neither in demand nor reply do I see
any mention of interest. Those best ac
quainted with the conditions of the Chi
nese treasury are impressed with the fact
that the country can do no more.
Li Hung Chang is very desirous to have
the bills of the powers examined before
The Hague tribunal, but he has been
given to understand that should he make
this request foreign occupation will be
continued at a cost of several million
taels per day until the examination is con
cluded. ,
TEN MILLIONS A MONTH.
Province of Chili.
What Foreign Troops Cost in th<3
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, May 131— China is
paying $10,000,000 a month to the powers
for the maintenance of the foreign troops
In the province of Chili, which she is urg
'int? them to withdraw, but which they in
sist they will retain until all the demands
submitted last December have been car
ried out. This sum' will be added to the
lump indemnity the Ministers have agreed
ALL CREDITORS
ARE SECURED
Searles May Be Able to
Pay the Millions
He Owes.
Special Cable to. The Call and the; New York Herald. Copyright, 1901,
¦ by the Herald Publishing Company.
Ends Life With Strychnine.
STOCKTON, May 13.— Mrs. Silva Stan
ley, 67 years of age, committed suicide last
night by taking strychnine.
Roosevelt Will Make a Speech.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 13.— Vice Presi
dent Roosevelt has accepted an invitation
to make an address in September during
the State fair.
cording to the papers, will arrive in Ham
burg toward the end of May and will re
main there for a few weeks to take the
waters.
Heavy Increase of German Troops Is
Contemplated.
BERLIN, May 13.— The Berlin papers
assert that readjustment of the military
forces of Germany on the Russian fron
tier is in contemplation, involving a
heavy i increase. The forces between Al
lenstein and Lick, now eleven battalions,
will be raised to nineteen.
LONDON, May 14.— "It is asserted here,"
says the St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph, "that at ,the request
of Admiral Aliex'eff the Russian Govern
ment is sending two more battleships and
four cruisers to reinforce the Russian fleet
in Chinese waters in anticipation of se
rious trouble."
ON THE RUSSIAN FRONTIER
nese Waters.
EXPECTS SERIOUS TROUBLE.
Russia Reinforcing tfie Fleet in CM-
BY STEPHEN BONSAL
— ¦ ¦¦ <
upon and will further Increase the indebt
edness of the celestial Government. , In
view of the fact the necessity for expe
dition in determination of the Indemnity
question strongly appeals . to the officials
and diplomats In Washington. Tet China
is - expected to object to the payment ot
an indemnity of $327,000,000, and the United
States will aid her in her efforts to secure
a reduction. From all that can be learned
there is practical unanimity of ¦ opinion
among: the powers that the loan which
China must make shall be guaranteed by
them and shall, be so distributed that no
one power shall have an advantage over
the others. Aside from the monetary fea
ture of the loan great political benefit
would be conferred upon any power se
curing the largest share. The proposal of
the Chinese officials, therefore, that the
loan be distributed among the powers ac
cording to the amount of indemnity each
will demand will probably not be adopt
ed. Well informed officials here estimate
that an increase of 5 per cent in customs
will produce $19,000,000, which will about
cover the interest of the proposed loan.
The loan will run for sixty or sixty-five
years. It is believed here that a settle
ment of the indemnity question will mean
the solution of the hardest problem of the
whole Chinese trouble, and the authori
ties are extremely anxious that there
shall be no delay in its determination.
Imperial ¦ Government Realizes That Delay
Is Very; Expensive and' Expresses Desire
to Settle Just Obligations 'to -Foreigners
CHINA PLEADS POVERTY
BUT IS WILLING TO PAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MAY 14; 1901.
11
¥ JusI a little better g
i than an^ other train |S
H —a little better service— W
I a more homelike M
H feeling on the |l
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
H than you find elsewhere, H
H and it'runs like this |j
i LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
19 am Man Tuss Wed Thur Fri Sat Sun §
ARRIVES CHICAGO |
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Won Tues Wed !
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO [
ON THE I
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing ! April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, *9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
12:45. *1:45, "3:15. 4:15. 5:15, 6:45 p m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For 1 Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. *9:00, *10:00 11:00 11:30
a. m., 12:45, *l:30, 2:30, *3:45. 5:00, 6:00, 7:30 P. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San ''Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •5:25. C:27. 7:47, 8:35 1013
a. m., M2:25. 1:15. 2:20. »3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *S:00. 9:45, *11:00 a. m, »12
m., 1:00. 2:15, »3:30, 4:30, »5:45, 6:45, 7:30, 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a. m.> 12:25. 1:15. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
-. EXTRA . TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and. Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m. 12:15,
1:20. 2:30, .3:45. 5:00. 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a.' m.' Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily;
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Daily. Dally. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p ,
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
•' Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0«a
¦• Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
".Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p .,..
a for morniriK. p for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlns
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class . passenpers. No second-clas9
tickets arc honored on this train. Corre-
. epondlng train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:C0 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, whlck cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
. Eponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m.- daily.
.7:20 a. m. Is Bakersficid Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley.' Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
* Of flees — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway,
Oakland. .- ¦ . '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Vi» Siujslito Ferry— Foot or Market St.
LEAVC SAN FHAN. ARRIVC SAN FHAK.
?4?t£-* -WEEK DAYS..... J ££(!•£•
8.00 a. m.S > fl2:15p.at.
9K»a. M. '< - 1:15p.M.
10.-0OA. M. 1 CTTVTJAYS 1 3:30p - M '
ll«)A.M.f SUNDAYS S. 4:50 p.m.
1:30 p. m. I , I 550 ?. M.
230 P. M.J • (. 7:10 p.m.
Fare. Saa Frandnco tn Sammlt *nd Retarn, $1.40
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., &Satt.vtlUoFCTTy.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, |
629 KEARNY ST. Established i
In 1854 fortbe treatment of I'rlvxte
DtoeaseR, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlDgon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cores when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnre«suaranleed. Call or write.
l>r. J. F. tllBnnx. Kan Francisco. CaL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
San Benito County.
'Silver Greek Quicksilver Mine,
Santa Clara County.
Having bought and developed these mines,
during the past three years, and now desiring
to build expensive furnaces, we offer to the
public the balance of the Treasury Stock, about
30,000 shares in each company, on the follow-
ing terms:
50 CENTS PER SHARE.
No stock sold unless equal, amount is taken
in each company.
Both mines under on<* management.
VAST QUANTITIES OF RICH ORE .AL-
READY DEVELOPED. . 1
DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID AS SOON A3
FURNACES . ARE RUNNING.
Quicksilver mines are the most permanent
and profitable of all mines. . Our mines are
adjacent to mine3 that have produced over
$100,000,000 worth of quicksilver.
Let us show you these mines, and judge for
yourEelf.
We guarantee to 'pay all assessments on this
stock for five years. /•;-;
The money obtained from the sale of stock
vi\)]L be used in the construction of Scott Fur-
1 paces, which Mr. Robart Scott Is now building,
end developments, which will Immediately raise
the pries of the stock. - .
• H. R. BRADFORD, !
¦ ' President and General Manager,
7 North Market St., SAN JOSE, CAL.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office,
413 Kearny St., San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS, Agent.
I sell OIL STOCKS on a mar-
gin, consequently a SMALL
INVESTMENT can bring you
¦ * D ¦ \y It 1 \j \\ L I •
JAS. R. L MERSHON,
Member S. F. Oil Exchange.
537, 538, 539,«50 PARROTT BDC. ' 8.F.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Many thousand physicians and
millions' of persons invariably ex-
perienced beneficial effects. Try
Vin Mariani on its merits.
All Druggists. . ' Refuse Substitutes.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY f
A £fe 1051MASSETST.tet.6:lift7:l,a.F.Cal. 4
X ;.'¦;¦'¦ Bf^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the V
iu _Jt_ * World, weaknesses or any contracted A
V sESlSSI disease ponitiwc-ljr cared hy the oldest T
£) jfJsH SSll Specialist on the Coast. Eit 36 years. ©
A $«¥§; fl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4 j
> f Consultation free and strictly private. \
A I X*QC n Treatment personally or by letter. A m
\ m if <t{ U Positive Cure in every case undertaken. T '
Aril Il0 Write for Book. PHILOMUPnY of >|
r " II ll^i H.IRniAGE, MAILED FREE. CAT
* DR. JORDAN & CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. f
4fl^^^r%b CANDY CATHARTIC^* ***
Genuine stamped C. C. C. Never sold Jn bulk. ,
- Beware of the dealer who tries to sell '
% something "just as good.
Why endure torture from fleas when you can
get rid of them by usln< Eearby's "Fleas-Must-
Go?" *00 Sutter street. •
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !«•»»¥«• »n«l lire an* lo itrrlf* »•
MAN riUNflMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LKA.VK — Trom May 8. 1901. — a»bit»
I ?:3»a. Briiicis, Suiauu, Elmira, VacatOle.
Kumaey and Macramenio..... 7i33p
?:30a Daris, Woodland. Knights Lauding,
MarjBTille, Orot ille. 7i5*P
7i30a Atlantic Kxpreas— Ogdeii and Kast 12:23r
7:3Oa Port I ost», Martinez, Fresno, Han-
ford, Viaalia, PorWr*illo -ts53p
8:OO a M ariinez, ¦¦>*» Uuuuii, Vallejo. liar*.
Ualisti'ga»ml3»ut* ltos» 11:23*
8:00a KUes, Pleaiunton, Lirennort-, Stock-
ton, Fresno, Hanford. Visalid.
PorterTitfe 7i2.1»
9:3(>A Shasta Express— Dana, Willt ma (for
Bartlett. Springs), Willtws, Red
Bluff, Portland. 7«33p
• iIIOa 8an Jose, LiTermore, Htociton.
lone, ' .iacrame iito. Pla oriiile.
Mi>rrK«ille. Cbieo. It. rt It »tt 4>X3r
SiSOa Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemita). 80-
> 1 nora. Carters irS.TSp
»:OOa Hay wards, Nili-s^iid Wiy SUtiou*. UsSdA
V >OWa Los Anereles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Latltr< p. 6 oonton. Merced.
Fresno and Lcs Angeles 7:2 H r
«::»»A Vallrjci. MaxtlUM »n.l Way Stations a:aSr
IU:»Oa Th» Orerlaud Limited— Ogden, Den-
ter, Omaha, Chlcagu ««»3f
tltOOpSaeraiu«iitoKi«er8CHwtiiera f3:0»4
3:30r Hay wards, Niles and Way Station*. 7:33?
4sUUp lleuieia. Winters, ftacramento.
Wootlland, KuitliU l^udiuK.
Murystille, Orofillo 10:93a
4i00p Martluex, Han lUmoti, Tallejo,
Napa, <;«ll»t<)K». SHiita Itosa UiSSa.
4tOOp Niles, LiTermore. Stockton. Lodl... 10:33*
4s3«»ir Hsywarda, Niles Ban.lrme, Ijtf rmore t^ :;>5 *
SiOOf The Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton.
Fresno, BakersHeld. 8augus (or
Santa Baibara, Los Angeles 3:53*
5:00p New Orleana Express— Bakersfleld,
Loa Angeles, L> ruing, £1 Paso.
New Oi leans and East 7:»3\
5:0«p Ycaemita 7:35a
«:««f Hajoarcis, Niles aud San Jose 7:3.1%
ftJ:00f Vallejo Il:33\
<>:O«i- Oriental Jlail— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, CLIoigo 1 12:2.*»r
8:00p Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. Chioaso. 4:23r
7:00 p Oregon and California ICxpreu.Hao-
ritiiientii. Marysfille, KtoMliiK,
rurtliuiil. 1-ngst Hunmt and Kask 8:33A
SiOSp San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations.. 11:53*
|8:03p VallBJo..., 7;33f
COAST LINE tfom* tlanne).
A . (foot ot Market Street.)
J7« I! a. SanU Cruz Excursion to rianta Cmx
and Prinepal Way Sutlsna {8>O3r
SiISa Newark. Oeuterf llle.Wau.loaa, Fpltnn,
Boulder Cir.-ek. Santa Ciiik and Way
Stations , 3>3»»
fSi 1 3r Newark Cen tertllle, Sau Jose, Knw
Alnmuen, Felton. llnnliler Creek,
Sauta Cruz and rrincipal Way
Station* t lOi.io*
4il3r Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos { JloSoi
" CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS raiRCISCO— Ftot «f Hukil Streit(S!i? 8) —
t7:I5 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:33 3:09 iiltr.it.
ham Qklll*t—f**l •! Br»»dw«j.— f«:00 |a:0O t3:0J
10:00a.m. 13:33 g:C3 4:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (llroail (lange).
(Third »nd TOwnseml Sts.)
6:I«»a San Jose and Way .stations......... ««:i«»r>
t7:0«a Han Jose ami Way HtallmiiR l>SOr
J7:UOa Sunday Ezcursion for San Jc.«e,
Santa Cruz. P.citio Grore and
Principal Way SUtiona JS:30*
¦i«Oa Ha» Jose. Tiea l'lnos. Haiita Cruz,
rneinc UroT«. Salinas. San Lnii
Obispo ami Principal iateraiedist*
HtatLms. 4«lOp
IOiSOa Sun Jose and Way Stations. 7>3up
/IO:3»A New Alinadeu / 3x3O»
I I:3Oa Man Jose ami Way HUtions 3<UOr
18: ISp Sail Mateo, lied wood, Menlo Park. ~ » .
" . Palo Alto. SanU Clara. San Jose,
Tres Pinos. SanU Crnx, Salluaa,
Monterey and Pacillc CroTB tlO:43a
SsSMlpSan Jose and Way Stations 8:H»a
f4:ISp Sail Jnseand Principal Way Stations »:<!»
t3:00pSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way3UUons fO:OO»
5::il>p San Jnap ami Principal Way Stations 8:35.\
6ioop Eedwoid, Han Joes, Gilrny. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03*
S>OOp Del Monte, Monterey, Paaflc GroTe,
Lorcpoo IOiOSa
0:3Op 8an Jose and Way Stations f« : ««*
qll:45pSan Jose and Way Stations 7:30>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSniHlay excepted. t Snndny only,
a Saturday only. - /Tuesdays and Frldaya.
__„_— «„__—__——.———————.——— — —^— — —
GALIFORSli HORTHWESTEM RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. '
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, S:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
. Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
I same schedule as above.
Leave t In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami" 8:49 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:19 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:23 am
¦ 3:30 pm) 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:33 pm] 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami [10:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring; at Fulton
for Altrurta; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
; Springs. Highland Springs. Keiseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
I Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. LJerley's Bucknella.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr'i Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal, Willlts, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. * ,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •
On Sunday • round trip tickets to all > points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RTAI7.
¦ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
BAUWA7 TBAVEL.
1 T rVtfvrtt cf Its^ i #jFrtf r si 1
I _^--^^^^ Nowadays it's the easiest thing in U
f^^^f£»^S*g5}-i the world to go east via the Burling- |]
ly^JP^iii^''' Thro' tourist sleepers leave San fj
L/ 1^^^^^^ Francisco Tuesdays and Thursdays g
r^^^H-^r * or Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City h
H t /^\Jv Thro' Pullman sleepers, San Fran- R
1 ' I ¦ ¦ I \jiff\ 'cisco to Chicago, daily. Dining-cars §1
H I I v^Ck all the way. Library cars east of Den- M
J| I Jr "Jp ver. Finest scenery on the globe. O
Kl 1-^^ f*T~**l lOi^lnH^ml Tickets and berths at 631 Market tfl
tif I % l&jHggaffly W. D. Sanbons, General Agent. [lNEW TORK. May 13.— The stock market
roaile appreciable progress to-day toward that
condition of passitude which usually follows
such a violent convulsion as that of last week.
This was roost notably shown in the volume
of the dealings. The feverishness of the mar
ket and the wide extent of the fluctuations
showed that sentiment was still much unset
tied, but in t|iis respect also there was not
fo wide a sweep of the pendulum. There was
a pretty general upward movement at thc
opt-tiing, which might be sufficiently accounted
lor by the feeling of great relief o\-er th«;
tidingever of the Stock Exchange settlement
In LonSr.n. As there was known to exist a large
short interest in Northern Pacific in that mar
ket in addition to large declines on other
Americans since the *a£t settlement, there wa3
muco uneasiness lest heavy losses and failures
tfcould result. The news that a settlement
with the shorts in Northern Pacific had been
arranged which would allow them to cover at
14't was therefore an immense relief to senti
n.er.t in New York, which was in dread of a
reflex action of renewed disorder in the Lon
don market. After only a short time Union
Pacific began to absorb pretty much all the
buving demand and its buoyant flight of 11%
prom* began to arouse obvious uneasiness
among stock operators. After last week's ex
l*eripnc« the first thought aroused by any such
movement is that another corner is in process
of formation. The most conspicuous sharers
of Union Pacific strength were St. Paul and
Amnlfe-amated Copper. The former rose C
lioints and the latter 7. Meantime some points
of ".eakness. which had been moderately de
veloped early in the day, began to grow an<i
eprcad. When Union Pacific touched 123% the
buying demand for other stocks showed a not
eble decrease and was not sensibly revived
for the rest of the day. The selling pressure
was not severe as to volume when the reaction
pot in, but very wide concessions had to bv
made in order to direct sales of even small
amounts of stocks. In Rock Island, which
had advanced quite eagerly to 1% over Fri
day, there was a drop of 2% on "the sale of
only 300 shares.
Xcw York Stock Market.
fan Kiancieco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
w.-aihri Tuesday, with heavy fog; brisk west
eiiy winds. ALEXANDER. G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
N'eva.la — Cloudy Tuesday, probably light
BboMeni in north portion; cooler; light north
erly winds.
I tah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday,
probably light. shower6 and thunderstorms in
the n;juntains; cooler at night; fiesh westerly
wind.
Arizona — Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday;
lresh southerly wines.
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday, with heavy fog and possibly
light surinkles of rain alung the coast; fresh
southerly winds inland; brisk westerly winds
on £!¦.¦.>! e.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday, with
fog alvr.g the coast; fresh westerly winds.
Thunderstorms are reported at Boise City
and Winneniucca. and unsettled weather pre
vails generally east of the Sierras. The tem
lierafjres are about normal.
i-ofcei' weather rirevails along- the entire
coast of California. In the vicinity of San
Francisco the fog is about 2C00 feet in eleva
tion, and there is a vertical temperature grad
ient cf about one degree rise for every 500 feet
cf elevation.
Foreo-iet made at San Francisco for 30 hours
er.dfr.f-. midnight May 14, 1301:
There has been but little change in pressure
o'tr the country west of the Rocky Moun
tains during the past 24 hours. Conditions
t-c'itinue unfavorable for settled fair weather
al'-jng the coast.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
H: minimum, 4S; mean, £1.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
( 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13, 5 p. m.
The follou-ine are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
beason. and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Weather Report.
"The dried fruit market generally shows
rather more activity and consumptive demand
is £ocd. Three-crown raisins are firm ami in
demand in a small way at 5%c. Two-crown
aie available as low as 4%c, a oar being of
fered at that price yesterday. A little more
interest is taken In seeded also, stocks of
which are becoming light on the spot. There
it a la:r jobbing trade in these goods at 6%c
for C-crown to 6%c for 3-crovn. Prunes are
steady and selling fairly well. Oregon 40-50s
are becoming scarce and are wanted. There
Is very little demand for 5'J-6Cs.
"Choice Royal apricots in bags are still
wanu-d. but there is virtually none offering.
Considerable iworly graded dock is offering at
7%QSc; also some box goods at the same price,
but buyers are not interested. Peaches con->
tinue in some demand. Some low grade goods
of merchantable quality can be had as low
66 0c."
kets yesterday reported higher prices on cur
rants and caused considerable excitement here.
Just what the actual advance on the other
tide xvas could not be definitely ascertained,
the cables being received by only a few houses,
but It was stated that 29s was the quotation
«ent from Greece on Amalias. The last quota
tions from there were 23Q27s.
"Cn the strength of this news from ttfe
Dtht-r frMe a number of jobbers and clear.ers
v.cnt into tiie market and the total sales for
the day were larger than in any tangle day in
months, aEsresra-ting lully 300 to 4U0 barrels
and at>out ouO half cases.* Some business early
in the day was done at Monday's market, but
a considerable pert of the transactions, which
were about exclusively in Amelias, was at an
advance of about Uc. The market at tha close
was very firm, ana with a continuance of buy
ing to-Uay, a lurther advance is likely.
'Cables from both Greek and English mar-
Mail advices from New York say:
Dried Fruit in New York.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land .....]. 3%
Call loans \..4S5 West End 94
Time loans 4%4j>5 Bonds —
Blocks — Atchison 4s 102
Atchison 71% N E G & Coke 5s. 63
do prefd 96 Mining shares-
Am Sugar 143% Adventure 15%
do prefd 121 Blngham Mln Co.. 23
Bell Telephone 173 Amalg Copper . 117%
Boston & Albany.. 245- Atlantic 32
Boston Elevated ..179 Boston & Mont.. 4'5
Boston & Maine. ..192 Calumet & Hecla..830
C B & Q 132% Centennial 2SU
Dom Coal 34% Franklin 18"
do prefd 114% Osceola .'. S6
U S Steel 44% Parrot ...53
do prefd 92 Quincy 16S
Ed Elec 111 240 Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Mex Cent 23% Tamarack ...328
N E G & Coke.... II Utah Mining 30
Old Dominion 32% Winona 3
Rubber 20 Wolverines 66
Union Pacific 11S% _
Adams Con 22 Little Chief 12
Alice 4. r > Ontario s m
Breece 1 70 Ophir S5
Brunswick Con 18 Phoenix n
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosi oj
Con Cal & Va 2 15 Savage 10
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 50
Iron Silver 56 Standard ....*. 3 85
Leadville Con ..'... 05
MINING STOCKS,
do coup 10S% Reading gen 4s ...|9i
Dlst of Col 3.65s.. .125% R G W lsts iOlU
Atchison gen 4s ..102% St L & IM con 5s. 115 "
do adj 4s 93%|St L & S F gen 6s. 134
Can South 2ds 108% St Paul cons 190
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO5Vi St P C £ Pac lsts. 118%
do 5s 120 do 5s 120%
C & N W con 7s..l3?% South Pac 4s: 92%
do S F deb 5s.. ..122 South Railway ES..116
Chi Term- 4s 94 S Rope & T 6s 60
Colorado South 4s. 87 Tex & Pac lsts IIS
D & R G 4s 102 do 2ds 100
Erie gen 4s 87 Union Pac 4s 106
Ft W & D C lsts.lO6%iWabash lsts 11S«
Gen Elec 5s lS3'/i do 2ds :..... 110%
Iowa Cent lsts. ...117 West Shore 4s .IUV.
L & Nash unl 4s.. 102% Wis Cent lsts . 90
M K & T 2ds 82% Va Centuries 95H
do 4s 9S%
U S 2s refunding N.Y Cent ,1st! 107%
reg 106 N J Cent gen 5s. ..133
do coup 106 North Pac 3s 7V,i
do 3s reg 109 do 4s 105U
do coup 109 N Y C & St L 4s.lO7%
do new 4s reg... 137% Norf & W con 4s.. 100
do coup 137% Or Nav lets 103
do old 4s reg 113% do 4s 104%
do coup 113% Or S Line 6s 127'
do 5s reg 10S% do con 6s 116 '
CLOSING BONDS,
Is due to the fact that the natural rebound
after the panic had spent its force. '
The bond market was generally strong, but
not very active. Total sales, $5,000,000.
U. S. new 4s advanced >i per cent and the 5s
declined hi per cent.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
50.400 Atchlson 71%
30.9C0 Atchison prefd 96%
6,200 Baltimore & Ohio 100
1,500 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
13.S0O Canadian Pacific 106
200 Canada Southern 66%
I 23,700 Chesapeake & Ohio 47%
1 7.500 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 130%
L900 Chicago Ind & Louisville 32
1,600 Chicago Ind &. Louisville prefd.... 63
1,200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois. ..,.-.. ...124%
1,000 Chicago & Northwestern U197
4,900 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific. .1.145%
1.900 Chicago Terminal & Trans 22%
400 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.... 44
3.500 Chicago & Alton 40%
3,700 Chicago & Alton prefd 77%
3,100 Chicago Great Western 21
Chicago Great Western prefd A 79
1,500 Chicago Great Western prefd B 46
2,000 C C C & St Louis 19%
•7,200 Colorado Southern 13%
1,000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 47
l,4Oi5 Colorado Southern Sd prefd 21%
4,300 Delaware* & Hudson ...: 160%
600 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .215
1,400 Denver & Rio Grande 46
1,000 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 92%
28.100 Erie 34%
2,300 Erie 1st prefd 63%
3,000 Erie 2d prefd 50
600 Great Northern prefd 176
700 Hocking Valley 61%
200 Hocking Valley prefd 74
2,300 Illinois Central ./ 134%
700 Iowa Central 28
600 Iowa Central prefd 55
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd 57
600 Lake Erie & Western prefd 117
11.200 Louisville & Nashville 101%
14,600 Manhattan Elevated 113%
10.CCO Metropolitan Street Railway 159%
3,300 Mexican Central 23%
800 Minneapolis & St Louis...-. So
21,300 Missouri Pacific 103"s
4,800 Missouri Kansas & Texas 27%
6.0C0 Misfouri Kansas & Texas prefd 56
•3,700 Mexican National 11
3C0 New Jersey Central 162
9,100 New York Central ...; 151%
8,300 Norfolk & Western 50%
100 Norfolk & Western, prefd 87
GCO Northern Pacific 156
3,200 Northern Pacific prefd 105%
10,000 Ontario & Western 31vs
16,100 Pennsylvania 145%
P C C & St Louis 34%
14,200 Reading .*. 39%
10.700 Reading 1st prefd 73%
7,200 Reading 2d prefd 69%
3.600 St Louis & San Fran -44>-2
St Louis and San Fran 1st prefd 81
3,000 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd.\ 65%
1,600 St Louis Southwestern S3
2.400 St Louis Southwestern prefd... 61%
38,500 St Paul 157%
400 St Paul prefd 187%
S6.500 Southern Pacific 47%
16,300 Southern Railway 28%
8,000 Southern Railway prefd 81%
ll,2f>0 Texas & Pacific 44
2,700 Tol S I W .". 17%
3,100 Tol S I W prefd 34%
221.700 Union Pacific 117%
5.700 Union Pacific prefd .' 31%
1.200 Wabash 177%
6.0C0 Wabash prefd 36
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 16%
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 29
2,600 Wisconsin Central 20%
3,000 Wisconsin Central prefd 44%
Express Companies —
Adams ISO .
1,000 American 190
United States 84
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
38,400 Amalgamated Copper 117
3,000 American Car & Foundry '.. 24%
6C0 American Car & Foundry prefd..'... 76%
12.800 American Linseed 18%
4.0C0 American Linseed prefd 47%
9,300 American Smelting- & Ref 58
3,000 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96%
19.3C0 American Tobacco 122%
4,900 Anaconda Mining Co 46 I;
25,600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 74%
2.900 Con Gas 216
700 Colorado Fuel & Iron 93
27,200 Continental Tobacco 54%
4,400 Continental Tobacco prefd 106
1,500 General Electric : 222
3,000 Glucose Sugar 58%
1.200 Hocking Coal 17%
1,600 International Paper 21
500 International Paper prefd 74
1,700 International Power 84
Laclede Gas .' 81
1,900 National Biscuit 42%
200 National Lead 16
1,000 National Salt 44
200 National Salt prefd 71
SCO North American \ 83
Pacific Coast 57
S00 Pacific Mail •. 34%
14,100 People'3 Gas 110
2,100 Pressed Steel Car 41
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82%
L00O Pullman Palace Car 200
1,500 Republic Steel is%
700 Republic Steel prefd 72%
23,300 Sugar 143%
3,500 Tennessee Coal & Iron 56V.
200 Union Bag 12%
Union Bag prefd 67
3,200 United States Leather 12%
1,700 United States Leather prefd 751,4
2,100 United States Rubber 21
1,800 United States Rubber prefd 61
129,300 United States Steel 447i
7S.S00 United States Steel prefd 92
7,400 Western Union 92%
1.136.300 Shares sold. ,
Exciiange and Silver unchanged.
Several kinds of Codfish advanced.
Wheat and Barley dull and the latter lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bayo Beans in better movement and firmer.
Hay and Feedstuffs as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Vegetables weak. Onions rather firmer.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue in large supply.
Twelve cars of Oranges auctioned at good prices.
Lemons and Limes plentiful and unchanged. "-.
Cherries selling at high prices. Strawberries lower.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions still quoted dull.
Local packers again reduce tjieir bids for Hogs.
Light transactions on the local stock exchanges.
Nezv. York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. May 13.— Tin in London took a
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 26,000; to-morrow
20.0C0 ; left over, estimated, 3000: active, shade
higher; top, $5 R>; mixed and butchers', $5 60
<S5 82%; good to choice heavy, $5 70®5 85; rough
heavy, $5 5i>iR5 65; light, $5 50@5 82%; bulk of
sales, $5 7505 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 16,0O<> sheep, active, 10c
higher; lambs. 10 tf 15c Pfher; clipped up to
$5: Colorados, ?5 25{ good to choice wethers
$4 25tfJ4 50; fair to choice J vnlxed. $3 75«?4 25"
Western sheep, $4 25(^4 BCi $4 30(5)
5 50; native lambs. {4 10@A Western lambs
$4 D0©5 25. -
CHICAGO. May 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, 18,
£G0, including 200 Texans. Steers, active, most
ly 10c higher. Butchers' stock, strong. Good
to prime steers. $3 10^5; poor to medium, $4®
$5: stockers and feeders, steady to strong, $3 25
<So 10; cows. $2 85@4 65; heifers, $2 SSf^l 80
canners. $2 15^2 80: bulls. $2 75S 1 4 40; calves'
$3 5C!S4 75; Texas fed steers, $4 25<ffo 40; bulls'
$2 73<ff3 80.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July Sept.
Opening 5 10% 5 9%
Closing 5 10% 5 9%
PARIS. •
Wheat— May. July-Aug.
Opening 19 50 20 20
Closing 19 60 20 25
Flour-
Opening 24 65 25 35 •
Closing : 24 70 25 45
Chicago Livestock Market.
On the Produce Evchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creameries, 14@19c; dair
ies. HQ-lCc. Cheese, 9%@llc. Eggs, lie.
Cash quotations .were as follows: Flour, dull-
No. 3 spring wheat, 69@71%c; No. 2 red, 70S)
71%c; No. 2 corn, 51%@52c; No. 2 yellow, 5iy.@
52c; No. 2 oats. 2SUef29c; No. 2 white, 30%c;
No. 3 white. 28%tf?29i4c; No,2 rye. 51@52n; good
feedins barley. 62<&55c: fair to choice malting
57c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 715fl 72; No. 1 North
western, $1 71@1 72; prime timothy seed, $.1©
3 55; mess pork, per bbl, $14 55@14 fiO; lard, p»r
100 lbs, $7 S3® 7 87%; short ribs, sides (loose).
$7 95@8 15; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%@
7%c: short clear sides (boxed). JS 12%ffi8 25
whisky, basis of high wines* $1 28. _7'. \
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels i 17,000 33,000
Wheat, bushels .' 94.000 421.000
Corn, bushels 256,000 272.000
Oats, bushels 265,000 23S 000
Rye, bushels 9.000 , 64.000
Barley, bushels 16,000 5.0CO
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, May 13.— Weakness at the open
ing in wheat, which was at 70%@70%c for de
livery, was caused by heavy world's ship
ments, an increase in the quantity on passage,
liberal receipts and lower cables. When sell
ers, influenced by these matters had disposed
of their wheat, it was found there were buyers
in the market for more and under light offer
ings and profit-taking by shorts, the decline of
a shade to %©%c was recovered. The reac
tion caused shorts to apprehend some under
lying force in favor of values and this to
gether with reports of damage in the South
west, particularly in Kansas, gave a sharp
rally to a market that had ruled steadily up
ward. Under this acute reaction of sentiment
the price rose rapidly to T2c. The close was
lV4c higher at 71%@71%c.
Corn exhibited marked weakness at the open
ing, owing to lower cables and good receipts.
A strong demand suddenly developed among
the shorts, however, and a bull market was
the result . July closed strong, %c higher at
44V4@44%c. May was neglected, closing Uc
higher at 51%c.
Oats opened weak with corn, but rallied
quickly. The crop situation and the corn
strength were bull factors. July closed- »4c
higher at 27%c.
Provisions were dull, ruling easy for the
most part and closing firm In sympathy with
grain and hogs. July pork closed 12VJc higher,
lard 2V4c higher and ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. Hich. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 70H 71% 70 71%
July -70% 72 70% 72
Corn No. 2 —
May 51H B2H 61% 61%
July 44% 43 U%
September /^43 44% 42% 4314
Oats No. 2— '
May 27% 28 25% 27%
July 27% 27% 27 27%
September ' 25% 25% 25 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 14 57%
July 14.60 14 77% 14 52% 14 72%
September 14 25 14 45 14 25 14 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 7 S5 7 87% 7 85 7 87%
July 7 85 7 S7% 7 85 7 87^4
September 7 87% 7 90 7 87% 7 90 "
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
May v 8 05 8 10 8 05 8 05
July 7 85 7 85 7 SO 7 85-
September 7 77% 7 80 7 77% 7 77%
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, ' 4Pcff?$l per . oox;
Asparagus. ,$1 75 for fancy. • $1@1 60 per box for
No. 1 ' and ¦ 40® 75c for No. 2: < Green Peas, 75c
ONIONS— Cut Onions. 50c@?l 25 per .sack;
Australians, jobbing, at $«@4 50; Green Onions,
23® 40c per -box: New Red, : 75c<J?l 10 ptr sack.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 75e<tf*l: Burbanks.
75c©$l for River and $1®1 35 for Oregon:
Garnet Chiles, $1 25®1 50: Sweets, 60@65c
Merced: New Potatoes, \% <ff2o per lb. --•
Receipts were 1014 boxes Asparagus, 1 158 boxes
Rhubarb, . 525 sacks Bay Peas and 360 sacks
String Beans. . '
¦ ¦¦¦...¦ ¦ .•. : :•• ¦¦
Old , Potatoes . continue weak, while new are
rather, firm than otherwise. New red Onions
are quoted a . little higher.
The Vegetable' market - continues . liberally
supplied and rather weak. . ¦ .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; VeLuw
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 BO'SS; Canary, 3%©
3%ic for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2®
2%c: Hemp. ¦ 2^c; Timothy, 6'ac . .
DRIED. PEAS— Niles. J2©!2 50; Green, »2 70ig
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 4.-.f?2 CO: Small White. $i SO
@5; Large White, $4@4 20; Pink. $1 &)@1 80;
Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye. $3 10@3 25; Limas, $6 25
@6 33; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, ?4 73 per ctl.
There Is now a good movement In Bayos
and this description is firmer in consequence.
Pinks also continue to move off well. White
kinds aro firm, but quiet.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $3@3; Wheat. $U@13; Wheat
and Oat, $3@12; Oat. $D£pll B0: Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, JS@9 50; Barley. $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW-35@47%c per bale. . '
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. S17@1S per
ton; Oilcake Meai at the mill. $25@26; jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, ?n@18; Corn Meal.
*27 50@28; Cracked Corn. S2S 50@29; Mixed Feed.
J15@16.
BRAN— $16 50017 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S1G 50010 50 per ton.
There Is' nothing further new in Hay. and
Feedstuffs remain as before.
Hay and Fccdshiffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 23@3 50,
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 13@3 23; Ore
gon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and $2 75<g>
3 for bakers' : Washington bakers', $2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, %i;
extra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats. $4 75; Horn
inj., $3 75@4; i Buckwheat Flour. J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. S3 50; Farina. $4 30; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), %<b 35
@7 85; in sacks, .?6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $« 50 per ICO lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— S030
ctls, 70»/4c
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market stands as previously
quoted. White, $1 37%@1 55; Surprise, nomi
nal; Red, $1 35<3!1 45; Black, $1 17%@1 30 per ctl.
CORN— The market, though slenderly sup
plied and firm, is very dull. Small round
Yellow. $1 50@l 60; Eastern Yellow. $1 27y.@
130; White, ?1 35; mixed, ?1 2.j@l 27%.
— RYE— S0@82%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 Co per ctl,
ex-warehouse.
Feed. 75<g77«4c for No. 1 and 72%@73%c for
off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®
S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
BARLEY— The market is very dull. Nobody
wants to buy and quotations are largely nomi
nal. Futures continue to decline.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
22.000 ctls, $1 04; 2000. $1 03T4.
Second Session — December — 16,000 ctls, $1 04.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls. $1 04%: 22,000. $1 04%.
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT— The feature of yesterday's market
at Chicago was the news from Kansas City,
which wired that that market had advanced
on reports of dry weather, bugs and general
complaints by letter from many sections In
Kansas, Oklahoma and Indian Territory. A
member of the Kansas City board, just re
turned from a trip of the Commercial Club
through the three . sections just mentioned,
says that he did not see one good field of
Wheat, that Oats were abouf gone and that
Corn was being planted in fields where Wheat
and Oats had been plowed up. The dispatch
further said that everyone was badly scared,
and that there would be a howl it there were
several days more of dry weather. On the
strength of this bull news traders covered
their shorts and St. Louis and the Northwest
bought freely. The Southwest also bought.
The generally favorable crop prospects, how
ever, prevented speculative confidence.
The American visible supply decreased 907,
000 bushels. The world's shipments for the
week were: Australian, 95.000 quarters; Rus
sian, 257,000; Danubian, 83.000; Argentine, 127,
000; Indian, 400. This market stood about the
same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1@1 01%; milling.
$1 03%@l 06H.
Wheat and Other Grams.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — J4 So%
Sterling Exchange, sight... — 4 88%
Sterling Cables _ — 4 83%
New York Exchange, sight — ¦ 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ¦ 12V6
Silver, per ounce — 59}g
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49V£ @ SO
Exchange and Bullion.
S3:« W" of Broderlck. W <7:8, N 80. E to a
point, S 70; J2000.
Mary S. Knoll to Otto Ixwfbotru lot on, N
line of Twenty-first street. SS W of 'Harrison.
W 35 by N IOO: J30CO.
Elizabeth Barry to Richard M. Barry, lot on
B lln« of Guerrero street. M N of TVenty
second. N 24 by E 105; rift.
William B. and Ida M. Carroll to Jdhn Gil
l&ra. undlYided four-tenths of lot on S line of
Fifteenth Btreet. 125 W of Sharon. W M by S
100; S500.
John J. and John Echlneter to Louise
Schlueter, lot on S line of Twenty-aecond.
street. 60 W of Hamssbir*. 'W B0 by S 100;
$1500.
Laura J. Parkin to Angela Gotollt (wife of
llatteo), lot on E Una of Chattanooga street.
175 8 of Twenty- third. S SO by E 117; J3000.
Ferdinand F. and Agnes M. Heine to Aman
da Malmberg (wife of John F.). lot on "W line
of Vloksburg street. 136:6 S of Twenty-second.
S 22:8 by W 100; H5CO.
John C. and Mary L. Derbaum fl>y Fenl Rai«
Jr. and William S. Pardy. trustees) to Paciflo
States a L. and B. Co.. 1851 T>. 79. lot on S
lin» of Clipper street. 223 W of Sanchez. W
24:6 by S 114, trustees' deed; $1700.
Patrice J. H. Hlckey to Harvey H. Dana,
undivided half of lot on S line of California
street, at NW corner of beach and water lot
232, E 27:6 by S 91:8: also lot on S line of Cali
fornia street, 137:6 E of Battery. E 27:6 by S
91:8; ?13,000.
Savings and Loan Society to Secondo G. and
Louisa Buzzi. lot on N line of Clay street, 23
E of Wetmore, E 2S by N 63:9. quitclaim deed;
II.
Secondo O. and Louisa Buzz! to Charles and
Emilia A. BIzocheio. lot on N line of Clay
street. 137:6 W of Powell, W 23 by N 68:6; J230O.
Samuel W. Wall to James AfcMaddn. lot
on W line of Jones street. 60 S of Pacific, S
30 by W~ E2:4. quitclaim deed; $10.
Sarah A. Wall (wife of Samuel^W.) to same,
same; $3000..
Harriet G. and Alexander Center to Eliza
beth R. Bush, lot on S line of Vallejo street,
192:6 W of Leavenworth, "W 27:8 by S 137:6;
$2000. '
Same to Joseph A. Bush, lot oa S line of
Vallejo street. 220 W of Leavenwortn, W 27:8
by S 137:6; $2000.
Abraham C Freeman. Georg9 E» and Em
meline I* Bates to Antolne Borel. lot oa SE
line- of Berry street. 386:8 SW of Fifth, SW
45:10 by SE 375; $12,500.
William H. and Georffina Buckler to William
R. Chadbourne, lot on W Una of Fifth avenue,
100 N of Lake street. N 73, "W 115:8ft, SB 75:1«4.
E 119:%: $2500.
Andrew Kerr to Elizabeth Kerr, lot on SW
line of Eugenia street, 23:4 NW of Prospect
avenue. NW 23:4 by SW 70, lots 131. 123 and
123. Oobb Tract; gift.
William Nicol to Annie Pool* (wife «f John
P.). lot 7, block 13. Falrmoont Tract, Quitclaim
deed; $10.
M. Ballln to Louis Rlriere. lot S. block 5.
Garden Tract Homestead Addition; $1>.
Rachel Berg 1 to Charles, Albert and Henry
Berg-, lots 11 and 13, block 10, De Boom Tract;
gift.
John F. and Amanda Malmbergr to Fredertck
F. Heine, lot 114. block 21, Mission and Thirti
eth Streets Homestead ynlon; $300.
Mary J. IMlworth to Mary J. McMullen,
all property, real, personal and mixed: gift-
Estate M. L. Abramaky (by Sarah J>. Abram
sky, administratrix) to Ella E. Abramsky, lot
1. block "123. University Mound Homestead; also
property in San Joaquin County; $673.
Estate M» L. Abramsky to IX S. Roeenbaum.
property In Merced County (as recorded); $700.
Alameda County.
John Jr. and Anna Rose to Anton J. and
Mary M. Miller, lots 9 and 10, block 5. map of
East San Leandro. Eden Township; $12C0.
Liliie D. Trowbridj* (wlfa of H. O.) to
George W. Hume, lot on SW corner of Tenth
street and Broadway. W 124:4 by S 100. block
IIS, Kellersberrer"* map,- warranty deed.
Oakland; $1100. -
Henry and Rosa -Mohr to Antonio Ctordano,
all Interest In lot en W line of Taylor terrace.
147:9*3 N of Twenty-third street. N 33 by W
.1C0, Oakland: $2300.
Bianca Alexander (wife of H. C) to San
Francisco Savings Union, surrender of 6S2. d 29.
lot on SW corner of Fifth and Alice streets.
S 125. W 130, N 23, E 23. N XOO. E 123. to be
ginning, block 39, Kellersberger's map, Oak
land; grant.
Plummer Improvement Co. to William H.
Smyth, lot on E Una of Etna street, 130 N of
Kearney avenue, N 50 by E 135. being the N
50 feet of lot 7, block 2, map of property of
John Kearney, Berkeley; $lC<10.
John C. and Mary W, Moody to Lorin H.
Bricker. lot beginning- at NW corner of lot
20, block 3, map of property of Berkeley View
Homestead Association, thence N 360 to the
intersection of N in landa of Wil
liam Mclntyre, with S line lands of
Moody for point of beginning. to E
150, N BO, W 145, S 50. to berinningv portion
plot 84, Ro V and I>. Peralta. Berkeley: $1000.
J. W. and Flora P. Horn to Rosalia Mohr,
lot 5. block 13. Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $3C0.
Mission Peak Lodge No 114. I. O. O. F.. to
G. J. Vandervoort. all of 20 by 20 of lot 17.
plat B In plan of Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Irvington, Washington,' Township* $23.
Harry and Elizabeth L. Wharton to Anthony
and Mary Gallagher, lot or S line of Forty
second street. 140 E of Linden. E 50 by 9 100.
lot 6. block 20S7, Alden Tract at Temescal
Oakland; J1C0O, - \
Jane R, Brook to W. V. Lilley. all Interest
in lot on S line of Essex street. 362:2 W of
Shattuck avenue. S 1C0, W 50. N 50. W 103.
N 50. E 153 to. beginning, lots 8 and. 9, block 1,
Newbury Tract. Berkeley; $1000.
La Fayette and Bertha Barnes to Patrick J.
Rourke, lot on S line of Division street. 30.51
W of Lancaster, W 50.51. S 90.61. E 50, thence
a left angle N to S line of Division street to
beginning, beins the N % of lot 2. block 10.
North Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Township
$1030.
. Harry and Elizabeth I* Wharton to Anthony
and Mary Gallagher, all Interest la lot on 3
line of Forty-second street. 140 B- of Linden.
E 50 by S 130. block 2C87. Alden Tract at Temea
cal, Oakland; $10.
William V. and Helen F. Witcher to William
T. Harris, lot on E line of Grove street. 170 S
of Twenty-eight, S 30 by E 84. being lot 18
and S 5 feet lot 17. block 2C23. Whltcher Tract,
map 2. Oakland; $1500. .
Jchn C. and Mary E. McMullen to Wllhelm
and Lizzie Conrad, all interest in lot on W
line of Chestnut street, 31:U* S Twenty-first.
S 34:1U by W 100. Oakland: S23C0.
San Francisco Savings Union to Mary R.
Smith (wife of F. M.). lot 1. block G. and lot
1. block H. map of Bella Vista Park. East
Oakland: $."00.
Harriet W. Clark to Anna Drig?3 (wif» of
J.). lot on NW corner Berkeley way and Grant
street. N 123 by W ICO. portion range 5,
Hardy Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Price Davis to -Thomas M, Sheridan, all In
terest ha SE corner Virginia and Sacramento
streets. E 240. S 133. WvllO. N 30. TV 130, tf
105 to beginning.* block 3. Teachers' State Uni
versity Homestead. Berkeley: $1COO.
James McCartney to Ingvalcl J. Anderson, all
Interest In lots 1 and 2. block B, map of the
Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township; II3C0.
George W, and Annie "Wheeler to Charles R.
Allen, lot on NW corner of Railroad, avenue
and Ninth street. N 130 by W 87:7%. Alameda;
$10CO.
George L. and Millie Clark to Mary L» an1
Charles Jarrett. lot on E line of Stanton street,
123.03 N of Pacific avenue. X 25 by E 101.25,
portion Powers Tract. Alameda: $10,
Mary. William D. and George- F. Casey to
Charles Blunt, lot on S line of Central avenue.
242 E of McPherson street. E 25 by S 133. being
lot 16, block 23, Oak Shade Tract. Alameda;
$475.
Builders' Contracts.
¦ Mrs. E, S. Herrick (owner) with M. H.
Hackett (contractor and architect) — All altera
tions and; additions except mantels and shade*
to mak9 a three-story frame building: on 3
line of Eni* street. 82:« B of Polk. E 27:6 by
S 120. Westwn Addition block 8; $3730.
Thomas Cretin (owner) with Western Iron
Works (contractor), architect Walter J. Math
ews—Castirort and steel work for a stx-story
brick .building on S line of Mission street.
118:STi W of Second. W 93:3 ! 9. S 80. E 53:6. 9
80. E 33:7%. N 80. W :10*i. N 80; $17,891
Mrs. G- Ehrman (owner) with Paul Mager
(contractor), architect Alex Hildebrand— AH
work for- alterations and additions to a two
story frame bulldinK on S line of Grove street.
10S:6 W of Coueh,' "W 23 by 70; S42S0,
H. H. Bancroft & Pon. Paul Bancroft (own
ers) with William. F. Wilson Company. Inc.
(contractor), architect Clinton Day — Plumbing,
gas piping: and sewer work for a six-story, attic
and basement brick hotel building on E line of
Van Ness avenue. 63:10 S of Sutter street. B
109. N 83:10, W 109. — «3:10 to beginning; $1S,9S5,
—^ . — . — ;
Orthodoxy in/Kansas.
The liquor men are orthodox
1 , In Kansas;
They are brought to It by blows and
knocks - -
In 'Kansas;
Jn every class and station 1' j
They, believe beyond negation
In the doctrine of Dam-Nation,
And they're praying: for salvation
Out in Kansas.
— New York Sun,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bj,j Aslc
Alpha 02 C3 Justice 04 oA
Alta- C3 04 Kentuck .'" _ 0"
Andes C6 07 Lady Wash .... — 01
Belcher 10 12 Mexican .... lg 19
Best & Belcher 22 . 2:J Occidental 03 04
Bullion,- 02 04 Ophir ..... S4 SS
Caledonia 53 62 Overman ...""* 10 1»
Challenge Cgj.. 10 12 Potosi 04 03 j
Chollar 06 C7 Savase 13 14 I
Confidence 53 60 Scorpion . _ 04 I
Con Cal & Va..2 (6 2 If) Seg Belcher..." 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada 13 1^
Con Xew York. — 01 Silver Hill ..3^ 34
Crown Point... 13 lt St Louis . * 06 —
Eureka Con ... C6 — Standard ... "*4 CO —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate . 06 —
Gould & Curry 12 - 11 Union Con'. " '18 20
Hale & Norc... 22 ! 23'utah ..? 06 «r '
Julia — MYellcw Jacket] .* 16 1S,|
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Patrick O'Connor to Catherine Cullen. lot on
N line of O'Farrell street, S7:6 E of Lejruna.
E 25 by N 120. subject, to life estate; gift.
August and Helene : Maass to Benjamin
Cohen, lot on W line of Laguna street. 33 S
of Greenwich. S 25 by W 87:6; $2000.
John J. and Mary C. Wirtne'r to Sophie Eg
ters, lot on W line of Steiner -street SS of
McAllister, S 27:6 by W 105; $3500
Charles R. Smith to William A*. Nevllls. lot.
on sw corner of Dsvisadero and Fulton
streets. N 137:6 by W 107:6: $13,000
¦Walter Young and H. G. ,Playfatr to Joseph
P. Haller. lot on N line of Greenwich street.
5 S V Water, s 90 87 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board—
500 California Standard ....." 35
400 Central Point Con 150
25C0 Independence, b 60 16
100 Monte Crlsto 3 40
300 Monte Cristo 2 35
100 Monte Cristo. s 90 2 30,'
50 Occidental of W Va 55
100 Peerless, b 90 8 50
100 Wolverine 105
Street— *
600 California Standard 33
Afternoon Session.
Board
100 Four 49
500 Monarch of Arizona 47
300 Monte Cristo 2 35
S000 Oil City Petroleum. IS
100O Petroleum Center, b 30 09
5C0 Petroleum Center 09
100 Twenty-Eight 1 15
5C0 West Shore 2 50
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Board—
2CC0 California Standard S3
1000 Monarch of Arizona 47
1000 Petroleum Center .............: C9
1CC0 San Joaquin O & D Co, b 90 9 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2 Hanford 94 CO
1CC0 Independence , 15
500 Monarch of Arizona 43
. MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales Jn the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
c?ay:
Morning Session.
ICO Belcher ../ 12 400 Mexican 13
9C0 Best & Belcher 22 iCO Ophir &3
100 Caledonia 60 SCO Ophir 84
200 Chollar 07 500 Overman 12
1C0 Con Cal & Va..2 13 500 Sierra Nevada. 15
600 Con Cal & Va..2 10 2C0 Sierra Nevada. 14
500 Justice 05 £00 Yellow Jacket.; IS
Afternoon Session.
300 Chollar 07 lco Crown Point... 12
100 Con Cal & Va..2 05 1C0 Hale & Norc. "2
200 Con Cal & Va..2 10 400 Mexican 13
100 C C & Va, s 30.2 05 300 Ophir gb
100 Confidence 53 600 Potosi 05
The following were the sales in the Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Andes 07 500 Mexican '.. is
400 Belcher 11 300 Mexican .. ~" 19
400 Best it Belcher 23 300 Ophir .... ** S3
500 Chollar. C6 200 Ophir .... "" S7
SCO Con Cal & V.2 12Vj 500 Ophir "** $5
5C0 Con Cal & Va..2 15 500 Seg Belcher " 03
fiCO Con Cal & Va..! 10 200 Yellow Jacket** 17
250 Con Cal &.V.2 <}V>i " ,
'.'¦ \\ Afternoon Session.
K0 Belcher 11 £00 Ophir .... »«
2C0 Best & Belcher' 23 300 Overman "*"' l»
3C0 Con Cal & V.2 07^ 1200 Potosi .. *"*"* nl
100 Hale & Norc... 23 SCO Sierra Nevada" 15
3C0 Mexican 17 *
Bay Co P Bs..lO4% — Oceanic S 6s..l02%103tf
Cal-st 6s 117 120 Omnibus R 6s.l2$ —
C C Water 6s..l09%110% Pac G Imp 4a. — —
Ed L & P 6s..l2S%133H Pk & C H 6S..106 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll4% — Pk 4 O R 6s.ll7 — .
Geary-st 5s ... — — Powll-st R 6e.lH> —
H.C & S 5%s.lO6»4 — Sac E O B Bi. 95U —
Do 6s ....... - - S F & SJV 6s.l20Sl2tt4
Los Ang R 6S.112H113 Sierra Cal Js.. — 108
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A, 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1909) WXXWii
Do gntd 5s. .100 — 0910) Si —
L A & Pac 6S.102 — S P of C 6a
Do 1 o m 58.101 — O905>. «er A.106% —
Market-st 6s.. — 127% 0905), ser B.IO714 —
Do 1 c m 6s.l22%123 U306) 110 • —
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113% (1912) — —
Nor R Cal 6s. — 114% S P of Cal 1st •
DoBs 118X11914 cp gntd g Bs.104 — ,
Nor Pac C 6s.. 10O — S P Br Cal 6s.l34 —
Do 5s — 109 S V Wat 6s.. ..113 113%
Nor Cal R 5s. .113% — Do 4s 103 —
Oak Gas 6s. ...112 — Do 4s. 3d m..lO2% —
Do Tran 6s.. — 117% Stktn Gas 6s. .100 —
Do Wat BS..104 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 78 79% .Spring Valley. 88 87
Marin County. B3% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt 42% 43U
Equitable 3% S»4 Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% 5 S F G & E.... 38 39
Oakland 60% 5Ui Ban Francisco. 4 —
Pacific Imp.... — 36 Stockton 7% —
INSURANCE.
Klrem's Fund. 233 — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 75 — L P & A ;147 —
California ....406 410% Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107 — S F National. — 125
First Nat 303%312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S90 — j Sav & Loan...— —
Humboldt — — (Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — 4 Union Trust-.140O —
San Francisco. 515 — I
. STREET RAILROADS.
California ....125 136 O S L & H-... 40 —
Geary 47% — Presidio 23 30
Market 70% —
POWDER.
Giant 77 79 fVlgorit 2% ZY»
SUGAR.
Hana 7% 8 Kllauea IS* 19
Hawaiian — 5-i Makawell — 40^i
Honokaa .. 26% 27*4 Onomea 20 25
Hutchinson ... 19?i — Paauhau 28% — /
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack..l36 137%. Oceanic SS.... — —
Cal Fruit Can. — 97%|Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 89% — Pac C Borax. .145% — .
Mer Ex 110 — I Par Paint .... 16 —
Morning Session.
Board —
173 Alaska Packers* Association 138 25
10 California Fruit Canners' 87 00
10 Equitable Gas S 12%
25 Giant Powder Con 77 CO
100 Hutchinson S P Co 19 75
100 Market Street Railway 70 25
$2000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s 119 00
2 Sacramento Electric Gas & Ry 33 00
$3CC0 S V 4s (2d Mortgage) .....103 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1C0 Contra Costa Water 78 00
20 Mutual Electric Light 4 73
80 Oakland Gas 51 00
$2000 Oakland Water 5s 104 25
30 Pacific Coast Borax 149 CO
•20 Pacific Coast Borax 143 00
10 Pacific Coast Borax 147 50
100 Pacific Coast Borax 145 00
70 Pacific Coast Borax 145 00
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.. • Bid. As*.
4a quar coup..H3HlM Us qr cp (n«w).137%128%
4s quar reg.... 11314114 1 3s quar coup.. .109 109%
MONDAY, May 1S-J P. to.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
The Consolidated California and Virginia
Mining Company paid a dividend of 10c p«r
share yesterday, the first in several yeara.
Tha Alaska Packers' Association paid a dm
dend of 75o per share yesterday.
Th« Oakland Gas Company will pay a dlTl
dend of 25c per share on the 15th.
The Kllauea Sugar Company will pay m. divi
dend of 25o per share on the 15th. '
Th« Oakland, San Leandro and Haywarda
Consolidated Railroad. Company will pay a
dividend of 20o per share on tho 15th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
In tho *ftemeon Paciflo Borax declined from
$149 to $145 under unusually' activs aellinff.
Contra Costa Water advanced to $78.
The oil atocka continued quiet and feature
less. ' ...
Local stocks and bonds w«r« fiull fced «*>
changed on the morning session of tt« Bond
Exchange.
STOCK MARKET.
decidedly better turn to-day and before the ses
sion closed values had touched a level £2 above
the previous day's figures on spot goods, clos
ing strong af £122 6s and '£119 10s spot' and fu
tures respectively. . The strength was attrib
uted to a bull movement, with sellers in Lon
don very, scarce. -
The local market ruled quiet, closing at
$26 60®27. . . ¦ . -' - -
Copper In London and at New York ruled un
changed but steady at. $17 for, lake and $16 62%
for casting. ¦• ¦¦¦¦-. ¦ , . .-
Pigiron • warrants unchanged at $9 50®10 BO ;
Northern foundry, $15 25@16 50.
Nfju York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 13.— Cotton closed quiet,
3 points lower. ( '
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. May 13.— Porter Bros. Company
to-day sold^Suisun cherries at the following
prices: Blgereau, $170; Tartarians, $1 50@2 05;
Eltons, $1 55; Rockports, $1 23@1 40; Advance,
Jl 25@1 70; P. Guigne, $1 20; Governor Woods,
9O@98c. ! .
Visible Grain Supply-
NEW YORK, May 13.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, May 11, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows: Wheat,
45,761,000 buehels; decrease, 907,000 bushels..
Corn, 17,33S,000 bushels; decrease, 1,327,000. bush
els. Oats, 11,449.000 bushels; decrease, 1,077,000
bushels. Rye, S63, 000 bushels; increase, 17,000
bushels. Barley, 719,000 bushels; decrease,
24,000 bushels..
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, May 13.— The wool auction sales
to-day . showed 13,050 bales offered. i'X good
selection was presented. Merinos and cross
breds were in good supply and sold freely.
Several lots were taken by America, Cape of
Good Hope and Natal scoured wools were In
better demand and there were several with
drawals. Victorias were in strong demand
and competition was brisk. The sales will
close on May 21.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May ' 13.— Consols, 9i%; allver,
27%d; French rentes, lOlf 70c; cargoes on pas
sage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1 standard
California. 30s; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 9d;
English country markets, quiet; import Into
United - Kingdom, wheat, 261,000; import Into
United Kingdom, flour, 245,000; wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom, 3,550, 000;. wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1,980,000;
Indian shipments wheat to United Kingdom,
400 quarters; Indian shipments wheat to Con
tinent, none.
LIVERPOOL, May 13.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2d@«s 2&d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather In
England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
CLOSING,
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s ll%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s Id;
No. 1 California, 6s ll^d; futures, dull. July,
Es lOUd; September, 6s 9%d.
. CORN— Spot American mixed, new, easy,
4s Hd; do old, quiet, 4s l%d; futures, quiet.
July, 3s 10J4d; September, Ss 10%d.
. Nort...rn Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, May 13.— Clearings, $302,718;
balances, $57,355.
Portland's^ Business.
OREGON.
, PORTLAND, May 13.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
'59V4c. 7
WASHINGTON." •
TACOMA, May 13.— Wheat quiet and steady;
bluestem, 61c; club. E9c. , ¦
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, May 13.— Money on call firm at
3@6 per cent; last loan. Z\i per cent; ruling
rates, 6 per cent. Prime mercantile paper; 4@
. i P t r cent - Sterlng exchange firm, with ac
tual business In bankers' bills at $4 86H@i SffVi
for demand and $4 S4V*.@4 84% for sixty days.
£°!«, d rates ' **85%@4-89. Commercial bills,
$4 83%(®4 84%. Silver certificates, 60c. Bar sil
ver, 59V4c. Mexican dollars, 48%c.
Bonds— Government, irregular; State. Inac
tive; railroad, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 13.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $158,730,375; gold $97,538,884.
London Market.
NEW YORK, May 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram says:
The stock market here was nervous at the
opening to-day, but the tension was soon re
lieved by the early announcement of the
Stock Exchange committee that the buying in
of Northern Pacific was suspended until - fur
ther notice, and fixing the making-up price at
140. . " , T-
Business in general was restricted to a re
markable degree. The tone, however, was
hopeful.
The American department was practically
Idle. Prices were wide In such dealings as
there were, but there were hardly any.
CLOSING.
In the afternoon Bession there was some re
newed uneasiness caused by a report that New
York had cornered Union Pacific which came
over on the cable at 135. against 120 asked
here. Quotations in Northern Pacific were
nominal at 140@160.
LONDON, May 13.— Atchison, 76%; Canadian
Pacific, 106; Union Pacific preferred, . 98M:
Northern Pacific preferred, not obtainable;
Grand Trunk, 11%; Anaconda, 9%; United
States Steel, 47; United States Steel preferred,
97; bar silver, firm, 27 7-16d per ounce; money,
StQZ\b per cent.
/~ «— —
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, May 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,733 barrels; exports, 17.3S7. Market steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 131,100 bushels; exports,
S6,2o5. Spot, stronger; No. 2 red,-S>3c f. o. b.
afloat and SOT&c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, S2%c f. o. b: afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
SS%c f. o. # b. afloat. Options opened easy un
der weak cables and foreign selling, but were
immediately turned strong by bullish South
west crop news, attended later in the day by
bt. Louis buying and general local covering
Closed strong at %@*ic net advance. Mav
(9%<g.-80»,4c. closed SO&c; July, 76 15-16@78c'
closed 78c; September, 74 15-16@76 l-16c, closed
76c.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
HOFS-Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull, unchanged: No. 7
invoice, CUc; mild, quiet; Cordova, SU@12c.
Futures closed steady, prices net unchanged to
o points higher. Total sales, 4500 bags,, includ
ing: September, $5 60; October, $5 70; March
$5 95. '
SUGAR— Quiet; fair refining, 3&c; centrifu
gal. S6 test, 4.92c; molasses sugar, 3V4c; re
fined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9612 packages. Firm.
Creamery, 15(gl9c; factory, ll@14c.
EGGS-Receipts, 24,166 packages. Weak.
Western regular packing, 12%@13Vic; do stor
age, 13%@14c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples slow and unchanged.
State common, 2@4c; prime, <H/ffJ«c; choice
5%c; fancy, 6<g6><!C. '
California dried fruits inactlce. Prunes, 3%®
7c per pound, as to size and quality. Apricots
—Royal, 7%@12Vfec; Moorpark, 8%<?ri3c. Peaches
—Peeled, 12'^@20c; unpeeled, 5'/4@10c.
Corn, ctls 15 Shorts, ika .«- «0
Beans, sks 895 Tallow ctla .... 801
Bran, eks 650- Lime, bbls ...... 182
Onions, ska 403 Quicksilver, flska S3
Middlings, ska .. . 250 Pelts. Mis &5
Potatoes, ska .;. 1,927 Hides, No - wf
Hay, tons 505 Leather, rolls... 108
Straw, tons 40 Wool, bales .-— sis
Sugar, ctls 2.300
OREGON. -
Flour, qr Bka.... B. 100 1 Potatoes, sks —« 1.456
"WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... S. 940 .Oats, ctla ..—.-» 130
Wheat, ctla 105 lwool. bale« —— . °
. CODFISH— The market for Pacific brands
rules firm. Eastern style is higher at $6 50 and
Golden State middles at V£c. Other brands re
main as before quoted.
Receipts of Produce. ¦
FOR MONDAY. MAT 13. ;'
.Flour, qr sks...: 18.630:Brandy, gals..... 2,000
Wheat, ctls ...... 91.535 Wine, gals £1.500
Barley, ctla G.SS5 Chicory, bbla . 20
Crushed, 6.25c: Powdered, f.-Soc; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c: Dry Granulated, 5.75c: Confec
tioners'-A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, s.SCc: Mag
nolia A, 6.35c; Extra C; 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half- barrels, 25c more; boxes,
B0-2 more; 5C-lb bags, 10c, more. No orders taken
for lesp than 73 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
inrs. hntf-barrels, 6.50c: . boxes, 8.75c per lb.
COAL OIL-Water White Coal Oil. in" bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases, li»c; Astral, .19<;; Star,
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove* Gasoline, in bulk. 15c: In
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c;
£6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c: in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-Ib bags:
BAGS — San Qtientln Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%©"c; local make, \%c less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine.
T^@8c. • ' ... 5:S
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50. Coos
Kay, *.;> 60; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland. $12 In. bulk and $13 25 in
tacks;. Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nei, $10 per tpn; Coke, $15 per ton in- bulk and
J17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 43 per 2CC0 pounds and $8 50 per ton. accord
in™ to brand. *
OILS— California Castor OH, In cas:s. No. 1,
73c; pure, $130; Linseed. Oil, in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc: cases. S3c: China.
Nut • 53(3 63c per gallon ; pure Nearsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c: Sperm, pure. 63c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37V2@42^ic pe"r gallon; Fish
OH, In barrels, 3oc; i-ases, 4uc.
General Merchandise.
Local packers have again reduced their bids
on Hogs, thi3 time to 6Hc, but thus far have
not been able to set any at the decline.
BEKF — 7!&7%c lor Steers and b'g7c per lb for
cows. . ¦ '
VEAL — Large, 7<g'Sc; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@S&c; Ewes, 7%@8c per
pound.
LAMB — Spring. 9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hoes, ISO lbs and under, 6\i<ai
6%c; ISO to 223 lbs. 6%c; 225 and over, 6c; feecf
crs, ; dressed Hogs, "T^'SOc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, S@8%c: Cow
Hides, 8Vic for heavy and 8V£c for light; Stags,
EU.C Salted K!p, 9c; Salted Veal, 9@S%c; Salted
Calf. 10c;. Dry Hides, 16c; Culls, 13V6@14c; Dry
Kip' 16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c: Culls and Brands,
13@>14c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each;
short Wool, 30@50c each; medium, 60@75<r; long
Wool 80c@?l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, ary, $175 for
large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skinsi 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c: medium. 33c. ¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4}£c per lb; No. 2,
3%@4c: grease. 2@2'/4c.
WOOL — Spring. 1900 or 1901 — Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15@16c per lb; Northern, free, 12®
13c; defective, 9<Sllc: Middle County, free, 10@
lie; do, defective, S01Oc; Southern, 12 months,
S®Oc; Southern. fre», 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective, 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
igl6c; do, medium and coarse, 14@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, 10@I2c.
HOPS-i:<g20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
. CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12V4@13c for light medium. 13%c for light, 14V4c
for extra light and 13V£c for sugar-cured; East
e-n sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $12 per
barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Family, ?ll 50; prime
Me«s Pork, ?15: extra clear, $23; Mess, $19;
Smoked Beef, 13%@llc per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6^0 per lb for com
pound and l(H4c for purer half-barrels, pure,
10%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll?gc. .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels. S%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8V»c; five tierces. S%c per lb.
All descriptions remain as before, and the
demand is light. v
Provisions.
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s. 6%c: 60-60s, 4>4c;
60-7Os 8*ic; 70-SOs, 3%c; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-100s,
2Uc: 1CO-120S, l%c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices; Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, I0%c per
lb; choice. 9 1 >4c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Vfcc- 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6^4c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 6%cr"and
4-crown, 5V>c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c;
London Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@llc; No.
2 7H@Sc; No. 1 hardshall, 10c; No. 2, 6@7c;
Almonds, 13@14c for papershell. 10@llc for soft
shell and 5S6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%e; Filberts,
l''(iJl"V4c- Pecans. 115rl3c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
"HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 11@
UViC for light amber; water white extracted,
5©6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 3&
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7*4c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches,
3i£@4c for standard, 4^@5%c for choice and 6@
6%c for. fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3%@
6c; unpltted, l@19ic; Nectarines, 4@4%c for red
and 4fi5c for white.
There Is nothing new to report In this market.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
good to choice;- Grape Fruit; 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas, Jl 25@2 50 per bnnch
for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, ?2@3 50 per dozen.
CURRANTS— 75c@$l 25 per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2 50;
Seedlings. 50c@$l; Tangerines. 60c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50®2 25 for
GOOSEBERRIES— 35(g>60c per drawer.
APPLES-7-Eastern, $2 50@2 75 per box; local,
green, 65c. .
APRICOTS— From Tuma and Vacavllle, $125
@2 per crate.
CHERRIES— Receipts were 2092 boxes, selling
at 40c@$l per box for red and 75c@$l 15 for
dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $S@12 per chest for Long
worths and • $5@8 for large berries. Receipts
were 137 chests and. 568 crates. The latter sold
at $1®1 25 per crate,
BLACKBERRIES— From Covlna, ¦• per
crate; from Newcastle. $2 per crate.
RASPBERRIES— From • Newcastle, $2 per
crate.
Twelve cars of Oranges were auctioned at very
good prices, as follows: Fancy Navels, $125®
2 30; choice do. $1@2; standard do, S0c@?145;
Seedlings, 73c@$l 10. •
Oranges rule firm, with light stocks. Lemons
and Limes are plentiful and dull.
Strawberries are lower, as usual at the be
ginning of the week. Cherries continue to bring
good prices, receipts being remarkably light.
• More Strawberries in crates came In from
Florin and Woodland.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue weak with
large stocks, though prices are not quotably
lower. The situation presents no new features.
Receipts were 73,700 pounds and 199 tubs of
Butter, 132S cases Eggs, . cases Eastern
Eggs, 17,275 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
. BUTTER— Creamery, 17%@18c per lb for fancy
and 16%® 17c Tor seconds; dairy. 14@16»/6c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 8%@9Hc; old, nominal.
EGuS— Ranch, 14V4@16o for good to fancy;
istore, 13@14c per dozen. • •
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 17c; firsts, ISc; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, — ;
store, 13c. • . .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8%c; choice,
8c; common, nominal; Young American, 10c;
Eastern, - full • cream, 14@16o per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, U%c;
mixed colors, 13c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, ISc; standard,
12%c; seconds, .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern was put on yesterday. Local
stock was nominal, in the absence of receipts. ,
POULTRY— Live Turkeys' 9@llc for Gobblers
and U@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $150®
1 75; -Goslings, $1 50® 2; Ducks, $4@4 50 for old
and $5 50@6 50 for young; Hens, ?4@5;- young
Roosters, f7@8; old - Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers,
$5 50@6 50; Broilers, $4 60@5 f or large and $2@3
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and SI 50®l 75 for Sauabs . ¦
GAME— Hare, Jl@125: Rabbits, $1 25@1 60 for
Cottontail and 75c@?l for Brush.
@$1 per sack; Garden Peas, 2@2V6c; String
Beafis. 2%@6c for Los Angeles and 3<gfic for Va
caville; Horse Beans, 50@60c per sack;' Cab
bage. 90c per ctl; Tomatoes, Mexican, $1 25® 175
per crate; from Los Angeles, 75c@$l 25; Dried
Peppers,V12@18c;,Dry Okra. 15c per lb; Carrots,
25c@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c@$l
per dozen; Garlic, 8@10c per lb for old and 5c
for new; r Green Peppers, 6@10c per lb; Egg-
Plant, 12}4@15c per lb. i .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, '-MAY 14, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
There was .a similar weakness In other
Ftocks. These wide declines, however, dis
lodged very little stock, indicating the small
r.w commitments for speculative account on
the long side. On the other hand prices were
Wd up with apparent «-ase when any effort
¦was rr:ade to support the market. The source
of the buyinp which the early strength devel
oped was not easy to perceive. Lond-'n was
a s^Mer in this market, and there was nothing
to show that there was any renewal of bull
speculation on a large scale. The mere fact
of a higher rangre of prices is of obvious ad
vantage in the adjusting of indebtedness grow
inp out of last week's troubles by increasing
the value of collateral on loans. There was
doubtless some /manipulation of prices with
this ond in view and thcjbsence of liquida
tion on the advance facilitated the movement
The money market was free from disturbances
and large repayment of loans made in the
crisis last week were reported to have been
made. Tho transfer of great sums from the
Interior helped this movement. In response to
th«> easier condition of money there was a
violent rebound in Sterling Exchange, demand
Mils rising to $4 RS-4, which is near tho point
at r-hlch gold went out In April. The buying
of stocks for JCew York account . In London
had its principal effect on the rate for cable
transfers« The preparations for the Russian
loan and for the future Installments of the
Pritfsh loan were apparent in the foreign mar
kets and also affected the exchange market.
The strength of exchange may have had to
dt» with the later weakness in the stock mar
ket, which recurred after the various rallies,
many Mocks c'orfr.g at the lowest.
But the general opinion Is that the reaction
12
EASTERN MARKETS.
ST
FATIOXS.
I Last |
I24 Hours!
I This
j Season.
Last
¦Season.
I _i
i |,
I
a
Jiuff
;unto
rancisco
>ndence
,uis Oblspo
ngeles
)iejro
0.00 i
0.00 !
0.00 I
. o.oo
o.oo
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
i 45.93 1
! 24.21 |
I 19.52 |
| 20.51
11.06
5.85
30. S3
15.58
11.25
i 4S.55
! 22.94
I 20.24
1S.42
10.27
3.65
17.20
7.91
5.89
ST
FATIOXS.
I Last |
I24 Hours!
I This
j Season.
Last
¦Season.
I _i
i |,
I
a
Jiuff
;unto
rancisco
>ndence
,uis Oblspo
ngeles
)iejro
0.00 i
0.00 !
0.00 I
. o.oo
o.oo
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
i 45.93 1
! 24.21 |
I 19.52 |
| 20.51
11.06
5.85
30. S3
15.58
11.25
i 4S.55
! 22.94
I 20.24
1S.42
10.27
3.65
17.20
7.91
5.89
I AUCTION SALES
i fe ATTEND THIS BIG .£&
AUCTION SALE
Of Selected and Accepted
! GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HORSES,
Consisting ot "i
150 MARES AND GELDINGS.
Broken single, and double.' and weiyhlns from
100O to 1350 pounds, and aro trsm 4 to 10 year*
old. Many handsome • stagl* drivers well
. matched teams and saddle horses. All aro
solid In color and have passed the Yeterlna-
' xian's Inspection. They axe suitable toe Uvery-
xnen. stags owners, teamsters, expressmen, etc*
. No reserve. Terms cash.
Eal» Takes Plae* i
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, May 14, 1901,
' From 19 a. xn. Sharp to 1:30 p. xn.
OCCIDENTAL HORSH HXCHAXGSt I
TaTHOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
WM. O. UCTtJO. Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard. W« also have 23 fin*
males at private sale.BERKELEY HOUSE WHERE
GOVERNOR NASH OF OHIO
WILL, BE ENTERTAINED.
The official time schedule for the
visit of President McKinley and
tho Ohio party to Berkeley and
Oakland on Wednesday is as fol
lows:
0 President's Party-
Leave S. F. on the Slocum 9:30
Arrive at mole 9:45
Arrive In Berkeley on special train. 10:05
Arrive Berkeley campus 10:15
Luncheon President Wheeler's 12:30
Leave Berkeley 2:00
Arrive Senator Perkins' 2:45
Leave Senator Perkins' 3:15
Arrive High School 4:00
Leave High School 4:30
Leave Broadway Wharf." 5:C0
Ohio Delegation.
Arrive Berkeley 10:05
Attend commencement 10:15
Lunch, J. B. Richards' 12:00
Visit Oakland for a drive during the
afternoon.
ACROSS THE BAY.
Tho mule, says Cosmos, partakes of the
qualities of the ass and the horse. The
zebra having now been domesticated. It
has been asked whether we can obtain
from it an analogous half-breed. Baron
de Parana has obtained one, and call3
it the "zebroid." The young animal la
now six months old; it Is a male of a bay
color with stripes similar to thoee of the
zebra. These stripes are well marked on
the neck, the head and the legs; those of
the body are not visible because of the
thick winter coat. The mane is black and
resembles that of the zebra. The tail
looks like a mule's but has longer hair.
The ears are small, with rounded points
like the zebra's. The haunch Is well
formed, rounded and quite large. The
chest Is long and high, which makes the
animal hold its head high and conse
quently gives it a good carriage. The
eves are large and full of feeling; the nos
trils large; the lips small and much like
those of Arab horses (the mare, the
mrther of this zebroid, was one-quarter
Arab); the head is small; the legs muscu
lar but delicate, showing that. he will be
very agile; the hoofs are small, black and
very hard. He is very lively but very
gentle and loves to be caressed. He eats
very well, not only in the stall but in pas
ture. These facts, we are told, are from
a communication made by the breeder to
the National Acclimation Society, which
is shortly to be presented with a set of
photographs of the new creature. — Minne
apolis Times.
The Zebroid, a New Halfbreed.
It was doubted at first whether a seed
less fruit could be propagated to a point
of profitable production, but later, when
>he possibility was realized, Mr. Tibbetts
disposed of buds at the rate of $3 per
dozen. . This was a late as 1S84. The revo
lution wrought in the orange production
of * California by the navel orange has
been complete, as it hasr practically super
seded every other variety in the famous
Riverside district. For some reason the
navel orange does not appear to thrive in
Florida." and its cultivation is consequent
ly confined almost entirely to California.—
Philadelphia Record.
At this -season of the year, when tho
seedless orange Is accepted as a matter
of course upon the dally breakfast table,
it is worth while recalling that its intro
duction into the United" States was due
entirely to the efforts of the Department
of Agriculture, whose attention was called
to it by a very observant and intelligent
American woman. This woman, while
traveling In the province of Bahia. Brazil,
In 1S68, observed that the oranges of that
province were much superior to thosa
roised in the United States, and mentioned
thl3 fact in a letter to the then Commis
sioner of Agriculture, a personal friend.
Further correspondence resulted in an
order for twelve young plants, which ar
rived in Washington safely packed in wet
moss and clay. All the plants thrived
In the department grounds, and the dis
tribution of buds began shortly after
ward, but failed to attract much attention
until 1S79, when two trees came into bear-
Ing on the place of Mr. Horatio Tibbetts.
at Riverside, Cal. The first crop consisted
of but sixteen oranges, but the fruit was
considered phenomenal in character, and
these two trees have been the propagators
of all the famous Riverside groves, which
now have an annual output of l.SOO.CCO
boxes of "navel" or "seedless oranges."
Owe Navel Oranges to a Woman.
Mrs. Margaret Bannon, 41S Cherry
street, Philadelphia, decided not long ago
to have her 8-year-old son entered in Gi
rard College, If she could. Arrangements
were proceeding smoothly until the col
lege authorities in the usual way exam
ined the public birth registration for evi
dence that the lad was born in Philadel-
Mr's. Bannon had given the date as July,
1893 But the Girard College investigator
startled her by informing her that her
boy was a girl. That, at least, is how the
record made it out. The birth certificate
Identified the child born to Mrs. Bannon
as "Mary Bannon." Mrs. Bannon prompt
ly made affidavit that the child to which
the certificate referred was a boy.
Dr. Joseph Price attended her. He is a
very well-known physician and a very
busy doctor he has been for many years.
He must have been very busy on the
night when, with a scratch of his pen,
he wrote "Mary Bannon" and discredited
the sex of the little boy who would enter
Girard College. .
Colonel J. Lewis Good wrote to Dr.
Price asking him to correct his error.
But the colonel got no answer. So
the Board of Health passed a reso
lution asking Dr. Price in an official way
to make the correction, which If not made
will hamper the future of a little boy. —
Philadelphia North American.
legally TJnsexed.
The result of the inquiry has made the
whole thing clear. The solution was mate
rially aided by the clipping from tho
Paris paper already referred to, which
was inclosed in one of the letters. Acting
on the suggestion of the, Paris editor, a.
large number of French youths, not to
mention numerous widowers, had written
to the President announcing their entire
willingness to marry these Indian maidens
— ii-cluding their lands— and bespeaking
the kind offices of Mr. McKinley to secure
them eligible wives. — Denver News.
The item went the rounds of the French
press, and an immediate increase in Pres
ident McKinley's mail was noticeable,
and it all bore French postage stamps
and was in the French language. Then
the French mail became burdensome, and
the President's private secretary, not be
ing a master of modern languages, and a
good deal puzzled at the extraordinary
interest that residents of the French re
public were displaying in ¦ his superior,
sent a half-bushel, more or less, of the
epistles to a translator. When they cams
back in plain American the secretary was
still more mystified, but, observing that
the letters had some reference to Indian
lands tnd girls, sent letters and transla
tions over to the Interior Department,
where they were dumped on Secretary
Hitchcock's desk. That official was some
what alarmed at tirst. imagining that
complications had set hi between Franca
and the Indian nations, and ordered an
Immediate investigation by the most ex
pert talent that the department could
command.
An Item appeared in a Paris paper sev
eral weeks ago to the effect that there
were several hundred marriageable maid
ens in the Indian Territory whose Indian,
blood made each of them the possessor
of several hundred acres of land in her
own right, and that the hands ofthesa
daughters of the Territory— hearts and
lands included— could be had for the ask
ing.
Demand for Heiresses.
General Alger said he had closed out all
his timber interests on the Pacific Coast
and will, upon his return, devote himself
to his properties in Michigan.
"Speculation is a bad thing. The man
who speculates and wins is ruined be
cause he is then unfitted for anything
else. The unfortunate who loses is down
and Is never heard of again."
"They view it very much In the same
way the people in the East would regard
a cyclone sweeping over the West. l>ut
they cannot see how men will so lose their
heads and ko down to ruin.
"I would have captured Aguinaldo two
years ago if I had been allowed to follow
my plans," declared General Alger in aa
interview last niyht. "His capture broke
the backbone of the Insurrection. The
Philippine war is now a thing of the past.
'The Cuban question will not be finally
settled until Cuba Is a part of the United
States." continued General Alger. "It
should have the same status aa Hawaii.
It will not be taken by force, but the in
telligent people of Cuba will ask to be
come a part of this country. When it
does, values there will quadruple."
When asked how the people of the We3t
regarded the mad speculation In "W all
street during- the laat ten days, AJger
said:
NEW YORK, May 14.-General Russell
A. Alger, former Secretary of .War; Mrs.
Alger and Russell Alger Jr. are in the
city and will sail to-morrow for Europe,
to be gone about three months. General
Alger's health Is much better than while
he was Secretary of War, but he has not
entirely recovered. Much of his tlma
abroad will be. spent at Carlsbad.
Former Secretary of War
Declares His Plans "Were
Not Followed.
Says He Could Have
Taken Aguinaldo Two
Years Ago.
GENERAL ALGER
MAKES EXCUSES
POLICE PLANS FOR
THE BIG PARADE
Officers to Be Stationed
All Along the Route to
Hold Crowd in Check
Chief Sullivan yesterday issued the fol
lowing instructions to his captains regard
ing the parade to-day:
Office of the Chief of Police.— To the company
commanders: The following orders are pro
mulgated for the visit of President McKinley.
May 14— The streets through which the par
ade wljl pass will be roped under the direc
tion of Captain Wittman. The streets will be
policed during the parade as follows:
Third street and depot at Third and Town
send, under direction of Captains Spillane and
Dunlevy; Market, Montgomery, Bush and
Kearny streets and Van Ness avenue from
Market to O'Farrell streets, under direction of
Captain Wittman; Van Ness avenue north of
O'Farrell street and reviewing stand under
direction of Lieutenant Anderson. All details
will report at their respective posts at 3 o'clock
p. m.
Employes of the California Electric Light
Company will be permitted to pass the lines
at any point when properly identified. Street
sweepers will also be allowed to work to within
fifteen minutes of the arrival of the head of
the column where they may be at work.
For the reception in the evening at the ferry
Captain Wittman will detail fifty men under
command of Lieutenant Martin; Captain Spll
lane will detail twenty-five men and a ser
geant; Lieutenant Anderson will dAll fifteen
men and a sergeant, all of whom- will report
at 7 o'clock .p. m. to Captain Dunlevy at the
Harbor station. There will be a wagon dis
charging fireworks at the head of the day
parade and must not be interfered with. De
tails of one officer at each of the following,
points will be made, to report at their re
spective posts at 7:30 o'clock p.- m., and to
remain there during the burning of the red
fire and discharge of fireworks, as follows:
Captain Wittman— Golden Gate avenue and
Market. Turk and Market, Eddy and Market,
Ellis and Market, O'Farrell and Market. Geary
and Market, Post and Market and Sutter and
Market.
Captain Spillane— Bush and Market, Pine and
Market, Market street opposite Crocker build
ing. Market street near Call building, Market
WILLIAM P. SULLIVAN JR.,
Chief of Police.
Captain Dunlevy— Two near the ferry and
two at California and Market streets.
May 15— The dedication of the Donahue foun
tain will take place at 8:30 o'clock a. in., and
the space around the fountain will* be roped
oft and a detail of forty men will report there
at 7:30 o'clock a. m., made up as follows:
Captain Wittman will furnish twenty men and
a sergeant. Captain Dunlevy five men, Lieuten
ant Anderson five men and Captain Spillane
ten men and a sergeant, all of whom will
report to Captain Spillane at the fountain.
Honors for University Men.
BERKELEY, May 13.— Alexis F. Lange
of the department of English has been
chosen by the academic council to repre
sent the university at the ninth semi-cen
tennial celebration of the University of
Glasgow, beginning June 12. .
Professor C. B. Pradley will fulfill a
similar mission at ..in thousandth anni
versary of the death of King Alfred the
Great at Winchester in October.
President Whether, ex-President Kellogg
and Professor Thomas Bacon will attend
the two hundredth anniversary of the
founding of Yale College as the repre
sentatives of the University of California.
Mrs. Hearst Entertains Graduates.
BERKELEY, May 13.-Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst entertained the graduates of the
University of California' this afternoon at
a parden party at her Pleasanton home.
Most of the class took advantage of her
hospitality.
To-night the men of the class held a
farewell smoker. They met under the se-
nlor oak en the campus and marched to
the different . lraternlty • houses, where
they were greeted with speeches and
songs.
NAMES FOR MONEY.
Coins Have Varied Designations in
Different Sections of the
Country.
Referring to the word "picayune," it
may not be uninteresting to give a sketch
of subsidiary coinage and currency as
used In the past, and the various names
under which it was known. In Ohio in
1S44 and previously there was a good deal
of foreign coin in circulation, mostly
Spanish, with some of the old State coin
age of different States occasionally mak
ing its appearance. One of the most plen
tiful of- these foreign coins was a piece
which passed for 6% cents. In Ohio this
was known as a flpenny bit, a contraction,
probably of flvepenny bit. The half dimes
of American coinage were also becoming
frequent at that time, and as a distinc
tion between the half dime and the flpen
ny bit the former was contracted to the
word "ftp." The dime went under its law
ful name, while the old Spanish double
of the fipenny bit was known as the "bit,"
and the Spanish . and Mexican quarters
dollars were nearly always referred to as
"two bits." The latter term, we .think,
still obtains in reference to quarter dollar
American pieces in some sections.
There was also a New York State "two
bit" coin, as we'll as a "bit" of the same
coinage, which was sometimes called the
"York shilling." The Pine Tree State
shilling, coming from Maine, was some
times seen, but not much used. Its value
was supposed to be 16 2-3 cents. The old
fashioned big copper cent . . of American
coinage was plentiful, while occasionally
an English halfpenny of copper was found
floating around, generally passing on the
same basis as the American copper cent.
Queen Victoria's .head was shown on the
English halfpenny.
Later when, as a boy, I removed with
mother to Illinois, I met my first
stumbling blocks in money names. There
the flpenny bit was the picayune, while
the flp had its proper name of a half
dime,- or five cents. Bu the larger coins
retained the old names, as did the copper
coins. As near as I can learn, the term
picayune originated with the French, who
had settled St. Louis and had settlements
all the way from New Orleans to Sc.
Louis and the further Northwest, and
their names for money predominated in
that region.
Still later, when I had strayed away to
New York State, I again encountered new
names for money. There everything was
based on the "shilling," which represent
ed 12 cents. A quarter of a dollar was al
ways "2 shillings," and all sums under
$10 were calculated on the same basis.
When I asked the price of board I was
told it ranged from 16 to 30 shillings a
week. The price of a suit of clothes was
gent-rally stated in shillings. That was
all right for the natives, but I confess I
had frequently to brush up my arithme
tic to get at what 33 shillings, 22 shillings,
17 shillings, or some other higher number
amounted to. It was all clear enough
when it was 2, 4 or 6 shillings, but when
it got above the dollar it required some
ciphering on the part of the stranger to
get correct results. ¦ •
The three-cent piece, originally coined
in silver, came into general circulation In
the North about 1850, and was later made
in nickel, being coined in that metal
about the same time as the nickel five
cent piece.'
Some time bfore the Civil War the old
fashioned copper cent was replaced at
the mint with the. present small copper
cents and two-cent pieces. Later the first
nickels were made, but almost went out
of circulation during the war, and were
succeeded by the fractional currency of
that, day, issued in 5, 10, 20 and 25. cent
bills. These were never very popular with
the masses, and were looked upon by the
Government as a temporary expedient.
The most popular designation of them
was "shinplasters," thousrh in Memphis
and some other parts of the country they
were referred to as "chicken feed."—Gal
veston News.
Royal Faces on British Coins.
When the coinage of her late Majesty
Queen Victoria ia superseded by the coin
age of King Kdward the design for the
reverse will be governed by the personal
taste of his Majesty, who also decides as
to the crown on the head.' But the head
must be in profile, because it must look
to the right and left in alternate reigns.
George III looked to the right, George IV
to the >left: ¦¦William 'IV to the right, and
Queen Victoria to the left. Consequently
Edward VII will look to the right.—Phila
delphia, Telegram. '
H A Tubbs. promissory note, $518; Cascade
Laundry, $16 50; New Ycrk Tea Company,
$24 25; Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company,
$6 95- Pierce Hardware Company, $3 85; Hook
Bros $9- Puget Sound Lumber Company, $6 34;
C J.' Heeseman, $26 45; Senram & Co., $19;
Davie & Williams, $10 15; Liberty Bakery,
$16 25; People's Express Company, $7; E. R.
Tutt, $1165; Dr. F. C. Stokes, $10; Dr. E. N.
Ewer $7 50; W. I. Reed, $23165; A. Jonas. $13;
Kahn Bro3., $53 76; C. E. Westover, $11; Charles
Baab, $24 50; W. T. Hyde, $2 70; L. Perata,
$1115- Metropolitan Furniture Company, $10 50:
Dr D D Crowley, $S5; L. & M. Alexander
Co", $45; Dr. W. M. Taylor, $13; J. Fibush,
$12 75; total. $1209 60.
Robert P. Flemmlng; . "captain" by
courtesy, hail fellow well met about town
and superintendent of the Sunset Tele
phone Company by occupation, is not go
ing to have his Insolvency petition grant
ed without opposition. The captain sur
prised his frlerfds a few weeks ago by fil
ing a petition in insolvency In which he
declared that he owed $1,209 60, while he
possessed but $350 worth of property
which was exempt from execution. As
Captain Flemming baa been the superin
tendent of the telephone company for
a great many years, and during a portion
of this time was the manager as well,
and during all of the time has been in
receipt of the largest salary paid on this
side of the bay by the people he repre
sented, some of his creditors have decided
tnat it might be well for the captain to
make some explanations In detail as to
why he \*ants to become Insolvent in the
eyes of the law.
The hearing of the captain's petition
was set for to-day before A. P. Holland,
United States Commissioner in Bank
ruptcy, and George W. Reed, represent
ing Hiram A. Tubbs, the largest creditor,
made an appearance in the case. Mr.
Reed wanted a continuance and a trus
tee appointed and intimated- very strongly,
tnat an order of examination would be
adked for. Mr. Tubbs is the holder of
a note made by . Captain Flemming for
$518 and he wants to know something
about his chances of getting the money.
B. H. Griffiths was appointed trustee
for the property of the insolvent until
the hearing could be had at some future
date.
The list of Captain Flemming's debts
runs through laundry bills, gas, coal,
bread, doctors' accounts, clothing bills
and all kinds of family and household
expenses. The list is as follows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 13.
as Exempt.
Trustee Is Put in Charge of
the Property Claimed
Contest Develops Over
Captain Flemming's
Insolvency.
CREDITORS WANT
AN EXAMINATION
A meeting of the local Red Cross Society
was held this morning in the rooms of the
Oakland Club, Very little business was tran-
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Williams Jr. will
leave Wednesday evening for a few weeks' so
journ at their country place on the McCloud
River. They will be accompanied by Mrs. Wil
liams' mother. Mrs. Steele, and Miss Muriel
Steele. On their return Mr. and Mrs. Williams
will start Immediately for New York to take
passage on the Oceanic for Europe, where they
will, make quite an extended stay.
Mrs. George E. de Golla was the hostess to
day at a most agreeably Informal basket
luncheon under the trees at Piedmont Park.
During the afternoon several games of live
handed euchre . were enjoyed In the clubhouse,
after which tea was served. About twenty of
Mrs. de Golla' s young friends enjoyed the at
fresco luncheon.
Miss Ada Blbby, a clever elocutionist, recited
"The First Appearance." Mrs. David Spencer
read an interesting paper, entitled "The Mount
Ida Art Club— An "Extravaganza." Mrs. Sid
ney Smith's whistling solos were unique and
charmingly rendered. Mrs. Spencer is president
of the Hill Club. • ,
OAKLAND, May 13.— The closing meeting of
the Hill Club took place this afternoon at the
residence of Mrs. Edward M. Walsh, on Monte
Vista* avenue. The afternoon was a most en
joyable one, Mrs. Walsh having arranged a
short but very pleasing programme with which
to surprise and entertain her guests.
Several Members of the Red Cross Enter
tained at Luncheon Recently by Mrs. I. L.
Requa at Her Beautiful Home in Piedmont
sacted, however, as the work for which th*
Red Cross .Society was organized is finished,
or almost so, nearly all of the volunteer sol
dlers having returned. It is mere than likely
that the society will disband after its neit
meeting in October. There will be no surplus
in the treasury, as the ladies have expended
their funds most liberally whenever necessary.
The annual election of officers has been de
ferred until October, in view of the contem
plated dissolution of the.. society.
Several members of the Red Cross were en
tertained at luncheon recently by Mrs. I. L.
Requa at her beautiful home In Piedmont. A
few very interesting little talks were given,
among the speakers being Mrs. Granville Ab
bott. Mrs. Requa, Mrs. Oscar "Long, Mrs. C.
T. Mills and Mrs. Richard T. Derby.
Miss Elizabeth Scupham will be a member
of the graduating class which Is to honored
by President McKinley next Wednesday. On,
May 20 Miss Scupham will leave for the Kast.
accompanied by her mother, Mrs. J. R. Scup
ham, to make a tour of all the principal cities.
Oakland Lodge No. 162 of the Independent
Order of Good Templars gave a McKinley
social this evening at Pythian Castle. After
the rendition of an excellent programme, th«
floor was cleared for dancing. The programme
•was as follows: Song (by members), "Friends
of Temperance": musical selection, the
Misses Williams; recitation. John Southwlck :
piano duet, the Misses Cunningham; recita
tion, 11:53 Inez Scott; song, Mr. Harrington;
recitation. Stanley Rich: violin solo. Miss Isa
bella Cunningham; reading, Mr. Bobbins; vio
lin solo. Miss Ellen Cunningham; recitation,
George Fitch; song (audience), "America."
MANY PLEASANT EVENTS
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY
calf and Congressman Frank L. Coombs.
The Richards home is in one of tho
prettiest parts of town and close to the
route President McKinley will take on
the way to Oakland. The house is of
recent construction and is one of the
model residences of the college city.
OAKLAND PREPARING A GRAND
RECEPTION TO THE PRESIDENT
Floral Canopy, Banner and Arches, Together With Banks of
Blossoms, Will Make Streets Beautiful-Governor Nash to Be
Guest of Honor at Luncheon at J. W. Richards' Home
COMPLIMENTS
MAGNATE EWING
Trades Council Extends
Its Thanks to the
Manager.
Recognizes Efficient Work in
Settling Baseball Boy
cott.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 13.
The Building Trades Council of Alameda
County has officially given a vote of
thanks to J. Oal Ewing. manager of the
Oakland baseball team, for his services
in amicably adjusting the differences
which caused a boycott to be placed upon
1 r.seball games by the council.
. The council has adopted resolutions
vhich recite the circumstances under
v.hich Mr. Ewing assisted in the settle
ment of the troubles between the Cali
fornia Baseball League and the council,
nnd further declare:
Rc-polved. That the Building Trades Council
or Alameda County tender to J. Cal Ewing a
unanimous vote of thanks for the able and
efficient Bervire lie rendered in bringing about
a:i early settlement of the boycott.
The Steam Engineers' Union has ap
pointed a committee composed of Messrs.
Whalen. Siark nr.d Orr to invite the co
operation of the Federated Trades and
the Building- Trades Council in the work
<;T increasing the union's membership roll.
The union will call a special meeting as
eoon as the charter is received from the
national headquarters. Th<»n the perma
nent organization will be effected.
The Aloineda County Federated Trades
Lias now nineteen chartered unions, with
D membership of 2500. affiliated. The or
gBcizeni are now working for unions
j:monsr the blacksmiths and carriage
Workers, the upholsterers and carpet lay
ers, vinegar and pickle workers and th«
amalgamated woodworkers, including fur
niture and cabinet men. boxmakers, car
repairers, and a'.i other departments of
ilie wood-working industry which are not
organized.
j ne Cooks' and Waiters' Association
will meet Tuesday evening at Becker's
Hall, SIS Washington street.
The fruit peddlers have organized wnh
the fonowingr omcere: President, Edgar
Wiltermood; vice president, Henry Happ;
linanclal secretary, M. Hellman; record
ing secretary, Louis Asher: treasurer,
William Pfeifer: trustees — F. Jacobs. Sam
Springer, L. S. Wiltermood and E. Meyer
son.
ETTPERVIEORS PREPARE
FOB, BUILDING TUNNEL
Toint Meeting With Contra Costa
Board to Inspect Site of Pro-
posed Improvement
OAKLAND. May 13.— The Alameda
County Board cf Supervisors, In conjunc
tion with the Contra Costa County board,
will inspect th? site of the proposed tun
rel between the two counties near the
Fish ranch road to-morrow. The project
for a tunnel at this point has been agi
tated for several years, and the county
officials are at last taking steps toward
< n rrying it ouj.
The Alameda County board will meet at
the place of business of Supervisor Mitch
oil in Oakland to-morrow and there take
a conveyance to the Fish ranch.
The Contra Costa. Supervisors have ar
ranged to tnee't them there, and the two
boards will together make a study of the
renditions under which the new work will
be constructed.
FACfJXTIES SOLD
ANNUAL MEETING
Professor W. L. Cory Chosen Dean of
the Faculty of the College of
Mechanics.
BERKELEY, May 13.— The academic
faculties of the University of California
held their annual meeting this morning in
the Philosophy building. Deans for 1901-
V.<<2 were elected. W. L. Cory was chosen
dean of the College of Mechanics to suc
ceed F. G. Hesse. A. F. Lange, who is
dean of the College of Letters, was given
authority to act as dean of the College of
Social Sciences during the absence of M.
W. Haskell. All other deans were re
elected.
Professor Cory, the new dean of the Col
lege of Mechanics, was appointed assist
ant professor of electrical engineering at
the university in 1S92, was made associate
professor in 1S98 and full professor this
term.
Licensed to Wed.
OAKLAND, May 13.— Marriage licenses
were issued at the County Clerk's office
10-day to the following persons: Sanford
W. Cartwripht of Berkeley, aged 21. and
Luella Dunning of Berkeley, aged IS;
Kobert Holman of Portland, aged 61. and
Annie E. Hepp of Berkeley, aged 41;
Charlos Hubbard of Oakland, aged .TO, ar.d
Eva Ilodgers of San Francisco, aged 18;
Klmer F. Murphy of Oakland, aged £1,
and Annie Hardt of Oakland, aged 18;
William F. Bowers of Berkeley, aged 26,
and Florence G. Howard of Berkeley,
aged 26; Joseph B. Brenning of Los An
geles, aged 21. and Katherine F. McGuinn
of Oakland, aged 18.
Oakland Divorce Suits.
OAKLAND, May 13.— Mrs. May E.
Kraft to-day obtained an order from the
("curt direc-ting her husband to pay her
$20 monthly alrmony. pending: the de
rision of her suit for divorce. The couple
have another suit on file in which they
are contending for the control of a $3030
f-siate left by a son who died recently.
Charlotte W. Seabury has been granted
a divorce from Arthur Seaburv on__t_hfl_
ground of willful neglect. Elizabeth Stom
has filed suit for divorce from George A.
Stom on the ground of desertion.
St. Joseph's Fair Closes.
ALAMEDA, May 13.— St. Joseph's
Church fair closed this evening after be
ing open two weeks. The fair has been
crowded nightly and has been a success
financially. The last of the articles were
auctioned off this evening.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND BERKELEY
ALAMEDA COUNTY
The Builders' Exchange will contribute
an arch on Broadway near Tenth street,
which point Is a short distance from head
quarters. It will be covered with patri
otic bunting and bear the words "McKin
ley" and "Prosperity," with a picture of
the President In the center, both sides to
be of the same design. The towers on
either side will look like battlements and
be surmounted by American flags. The
committee from the Builders' Exchange
in charge of the building consists of E. T.
Lelter, chairman; J. S. White, secretary;
A. Kendall, V. L. Fortin, M. Carroll, W.
W. Anderson, George Dixon, P. J. Walk
er, H.. Drath, J. Frandsen and E. Dou
gery.
Building Another Arch.
At the foot of Broadway, where the
President will go aboard the revenue cut
ter that will take him to San Francisco,
the Building Trades Council is building
another arch/ The work on the structure
la all volunteer, the workmen being C. J.
Jacobs, J. V. A. Frates and F. E. Gam
mell. The framework will be covered with
bunting and greenery.
The court on the Eleventh street side of
the High School building, where the Pres- ;
At Fourteenth and Washington streets
the committee has arranged to have
stretched across the street a floral ban
ner. It will be 200 feet long and will con
tain the word "Welcome" in red, white
and blue Imperishable flowers. On each
side of the welcoming word will be green
and gold festooning stuck with red, white
and blue cornflowers and carnations.
Big Floral Banner.
forgetting ordinary things in their zealous
efforts to get houses and streets dressed,
and the regularly ordained street decora
tion committeemen lie awake nights
thinking what they will do the next day.
Oakland will make a creditable show
ing, considering the President gives it
only a very little bit of his time. The
President will not be astonished at what
he sees, but he will be pleased.
The street decoration committee has, of
course, devoted all its energy to the down
town streets. Broadway from Fourteenth
street to the estuary, and Fourteenth
street from Broadway to the High School,
have been canopied with flags running
across the street from building to build
ing:. The already striking effect will bo
strengthened by the addition of streamers
of red, white and blue bunting stretched
at an angle from the trolley guard-wires
in the center of the streets to the poles
on either side of them. At intervals clus
ters of American flags will adorn the tops
of the trolley poles. Altogether, the effect
is going to be quite pleasing.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins, Congressman Victor H. Metcalf and
Edson F. Adams, chairman of the execu
tive committee, went to San Francisco to
day to see what could be done. A con
ference was held with Private Secretary
Cortelyou, who has all of these arrange
ments in charge, with the result that the
foregoing schedule was agreed upon and
will be closely adhered to by those in
charge In Oakland and Berkeley.
It was also announced that the Ohio
delegation would visit. Oakland after they
had attended the Berkeley university ex
ercises. They will be driven about the
city independently ¦ of the President's
party.
Oakland is preparing to receive Presi
dent McKinley next Wednesday. It is go
ing to show itself to the chief executive
in its best bib and tucker. The people are
OAKLAND, May 13.— The indica
tions for awhile to-day were that
Oakland would fall a victim to
the Illness of Mrs. McKinley.
The local committee was notified
that somewhere an hour would have to
be cut out of the day given over to Berke
ley and Oakland. That would have re
sulted in cutting ail of Oakland's time
out and as Oakland only has the President*
for an hour things looked serious for
awhile.
Besides Governor Nash and at least the
majority of his staff Mr. Richards will
entertain several prominent Calif ornians,
among them Congressman Victor H. Met-
At the close of the luncheon a portion
of the party will vi3it Oakland, and be
driven about that city.
According to.- the programme as. ar
ranged at present the Governor will be
accompanied by his staff and by the Con
gressmen of the Presidential party. They
will arrive with "the President and will
attend the commencement day exercises
of the University of California. At the
close of the exercises they will separate
themselves from the Presidential party
and will lunch with Mr.- Richards..
. BERKELEY, May 13.— Governor George
K. Nash of Ohio will be entertained at
luncheon on Commencement day, May 15,
by J. W. Richards, vice president of the
Ohio Society, and wife. .The luncheon will
be served at the Richards home, 2431
Channing way, at 1 o'clock.
Luncheon to Governor Nash.
. The three Governors who will accom
pany the President's party will receive
luncheon at different places. Governor
Gage, with his wife, will go with Presi
dent McKinley to the Wheeler home. Gov
ernor Nash of Ohio will be entertained by
J. W. Richards, vice president of the
Ohio Society, at his residence, 2431 Chan
nlng way. Governor Geer of Oregon will
take luncheon with the university alumni
in Harmon gymnasium.
The programme for the handling of the
crowds will not be changed. All holders
of tickets must be in their seats at 9:30
o'clock. At that time any one will be ad
mitted, to the grounds. The driveway
through which the President will enter
the grounds will be wired off to keep the
crowds back. ¦¦''.'/•
After the exercises President McKinley
will be entertained at luncheon by Presi
dent and Mrs. Wheeler at their home on
Scenic avenue. He will then be driven
across the university campus and along
College avenue to Oakland.
President Wheeler said to-day that
everything had been arranged so that the
programme would start immediately after
the arrival of the chief executive
Carriages will be in waiting for the
President and his party on the arrival of
their special train at Berkeley station
The chief executive will be received by
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler and will
be driven immediately to the campus
The procession will enter the university
gorunds by the Center street entrance
It will proceed up the main walk under
the oaks. At the football statue the pro
cession will turn to the right and go as
far as the Dana street bridge, then will
turn back across the football grounds
and to the eastern entrance of the grand
stand. • ¦
Delay in Arrival of Chief Executive
Will Not Materially Change
Programme.
BERKELEY. May 13:-President Mc-
Kinleys' arrival in this city Wednesday
will be later than originally planned This
will make no material change in the com
mencement day programme, although the
exercises will have to be hurried through
in order to give time for the rest of the
President's trip in Alameda County By
shortening the time of the exercises
through eliminating such events as are
not entirely essential, the .President will
be able to complete the rest of the day
successfully. *
BERKELEY'S BECEPTTON
TO PRESIDENT McKINLEY
But seats are being spld and the prices
are going up and some who secured
bunches under false names and by similar
schemes are making a nice little harvest
from the President's visit to Berkeley
* — . J
such that It became almost a question of
first come, first served. The applications
so outnumbered the seats to be disposed
°r that the task became a hopeless one.
This committee Is very much disturbed
by the fact that seats secured without cost
from the university are being sold in reg
ular ticket brokerage style. The commit
tee is unable to prevent this, and if some
secured tickets under false names with the
object of selling them, or disposed of the
seats given them individually for a cash
return, the committee of the faculty can
not prevent it.
BERKELEY, May 13.— The tickets for
the commencement day exercises of the
State University have all been given out
Jay the authorities and are now being
hawked about Berkeley and sold for
money to those who have been disappoint
ed. Tickets that were given out by the
university authorities are now being sold
for as high as $5 a seat, and a neat little
speculation is now going- on by those who
Them Are Making "Easy"
Money.
COMMENCEMENT DAY
TICKETS BEING SOLD
Speculators Who Secured Bunches of
City Attorney Johnson has submitted a
stipulation covering the proposed compro
mise on water bills to the counsel for the
water company. The stipulation will not
be made public until the attorneys have
satisfied themselves upon Its terms. The
City Attorney said he expected the docu
ment would be returned to him to-mor
row.
The Council t«-night, in committee of
the whole, recommended that plans be
adopted for a storm water sewer to be
constructed on Adeline street from Sixty
first street to Temescal Creek. The San
Pablo avenue storm water sewer scheme,
from Fifty-sixth street to Temescal Creek,
was eliminated. A committee composed
of City Attorney Johnson, City Engineer
Turner, Councilmen Bon anoVRuch was
appointed to handle the main sewer pro
ject through Emeryville.
Resolved, That this Council does adjourn to
night with the sincere hope for the speedy re
covery of Mrs. McKinley, the dear and be
loved wife of the President of the United States.
OAKLAND, May 13.— The City Council
to-night, upon motion of Councilman C.
A. Bon, adopted the following resolution:
COUNCIL ADJOURNS WITH
TRIBUTE TO MRS. McKINLEY
From Mrs. Smith also the committee
have accepted the offer of a landau anS
four-in-hand to be used by PresldentMc-
Kinley while in Oakland.
The national colors will be followed as
far as possible in the selection of the
flowers to be used in decorating the pillars
and in constructing the festoons and
canopy. . v ..
"I wanted to do it for the President,"
said Mrs. Smith. "I have been afraid that
the mechanical details were going to
baffle ub; I can plan an outline and color
scheme, but must ask to be excused from
the practical part of its execution. It
seems to be all satisfactorily arranged
now."
Mrs. Smith has thrown open the treas
ures of the Arbor Villa gardens for the
materials to be used in the canopy.
Hurried consultations resulted in a com
promise. A tall pole will be raised in the
middle of the open space. At its top will
be a great globe of ferns and blossoms,
like a floral balloon held captive by great
festoons of flowers and evergreens,
stretched from the trolley poles at the
four street corners, the whole piece thus
being kept clear of the electric wires. At
the intersection of ihe festoons, beneath
the globe, will be wreathed the canopy of
flowers and greenery. -•*
The supporting poles will be twined with
floral ropes and banked with palms.
This floral piece, the principal feature
of the decorations or. McKinley day, has
been the subject of much planning. Mrs.
Smith wanted to show her patriotism in
some suitable way on the occasion of the
President's visit and the idea that some
thing distinctive in tne scheme of decora
tions should be entrusted to a woman ap
pealed to the committee. It suggested an
arch. Mrs. Smith at once acquiesced and
sent her gardener to consult with the
committee as to delails. The committee
wanted the arch placed at Fourteenth
and Broadway, to serve as a gateway to
the downtown portion of the city as the
Presidential party came from the Perkins
reception. When the man of floral orna
mentation viewed the proposed location
he at once pointed out the fact that to
place an arch there would block the city's
electric railway traJRc for two days at
least as the trolley wires would have to
be taken down.
When the Presidential procession swings
into the city's principal thoroughfare it
will pass under a floral canopy spanning
th^ wide snace at Fourteenth and Broad
way, the offering of Mrs. F. M. Smith of
Arbor Villa.
Under a Floral Canopy.
."If everybody would decorate," said A.
S.' Macdonald, chairman of the street dec
orating committee, "we would have a gay
city. I think everybody will fall in line,
though before Wednesday. We were dis
appointed In our plans by the failure of
the firm that had the contract to decorate
the' streets to carry out its contract, and
we find ourselves somewhat dependent on
the citizens to helD us out."
way. They have agreed I upon buntinsr,
greenery and a picture of Mr. McKinley
as suitable decorations. The Hall of Rec
ords, Courthouse. Contra Costa Water
Company, Union Savings Bank and other
building's have been liberally decked with
red, white and blue, flags, clusters of
color, and pictures.
IKE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1901.
had the ability to get good seats In the
stands.*
The tickets have all been disposed of and
there are 10,000 applications that cannot
be filled. These are in the hands 'of the
university committee that had the distri
bution in charge and there are 10,000 dis
appointed people.
The committee that had this distribu
tion in charge is. composed of Professors
O'Neill, Magee and Soule. They made
every effort to have the distribution as
equal as possible, but the conditions were
Business men and societies are putting
color on their buildings and halls as rap
idly as possible. George W. Reed. Charles
Heeseman, Senator Leavltt and J. P. Mc-
Filey compose the committee In charge of
the decorations of Elks' Hall, on Broad-
ldent will address the people of Oakland,
Is to be canopied with buntlngr. The
bright colors will begin at a pole to be
erected in the 'street and stretch to the
rpof of the speakers' platform, spreading
out and having somewhat the appearance
of a fan.
13
Whisky makea a man stagger and chlor-
oform makes him limp.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IdontkurryT^^
j Take time to see thatjsj&.y
i the label bears the /%%^v
signature in blue_ bB§®SJ&
! Then you are flm$m
- : sure yea have ¦M&&hjm
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA CUtKAT KKSXOKAT1VE, lNVlUOitA.-
¦ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, lor both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
oeya and liladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
«22 Market St.. 6. F.— <Send for Circulars.)THE SAN FJRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1901;
14
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
£U£XX_S OFFICI. of fe San Francisco
Cell, rover cr Market and Third street*: op»n
j-r.til :: O'clock every nipht Jr. the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— :?7 Mcntk-smery street,
ccrrer Clav; open until 5:30 p. m.
TOG Hayes Etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
f3S McAllister ftrett; open until 9:30 p. m.
U5 Larkin etreet: open until 9::0 p. m.
Z?n Mlfsion Ftreet: cpen until 10 p. m.
:2fl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
t»;'.il S t>. m.
VX Kieverth strept: cre~ until » p. m.
10SC Vs>nci» street: open tintl 9 D. m.
N"ertb«rrst ccrrer Twenty-second and Ken-
•i!»>Jrv vtr»*t«: r Tvn -ntll 9 p. rr..
?»r.rcTi\t; notices.
GOLDEN GATE Lcd?e No. SO. P. . ard «
\ U.— Called meetin? THIS (TLKS- _ff\^
.AY) EVENING at 7:C0 o'clock. De- J§J\
tree 1. Bv order of the W. M. r —r ¦*
¦ ' EDWIN' L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lod"0 No. 144, F. and A. m
M — ~lt-t decree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. J\_7\
A. S. HUBBARP. Secy. ' *
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 23. I. O. O.
p.-Jln«tt_ca THIS (TUESDAY) :_|_2«2SS^
EVENING. 'New rcbes. etc.) ¦^gfieOSs 7
Hr«hren' ana~~r?i.re~Htatiws of " •
\£g and order N %^
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15^ j^^ "
American Association of Tr.~*irr ) | u lm .
Masters and Pilots.— Officers jfgfi 5 >"^>_?^*"
and jr.pmhers :ire lwbv no- bftte^***"^^
tified to attend the funeral \n cs^^
..f ner late brother, CAPT. h
a:;kl t. pktersex. on Tuesday, May
_«. et 30 o'clock a. in., from his late rest-
(".encf. KS6 Greenwich et. Interment Odd Fel-
lrws" Cemetery. L. P. HARVEY, Captain.
R. N. PIPPKY, Secretary.
THE nrotherhocd of Teamsters will _/^"ft\
hol<; Its -5r«t annual picnic on SAT- /CS?*lA
VRDAY. May IS. at Sohuetzen Park. p_^^/
Members are requested to meet at y_%jPy
T»atoaia- lia'.l at 7:20 a. m. and x *-»^
march la a body to the ferry.
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN'. Secretary.
AMERICAN Shipmasters' Protective Associa-
tion — Officers and members are respectfully
nxjuf Ptcd to attend tha funeral services of
cur late brother. AXEL T. PETERSEN. at
S?n Greenwich st. TO-DAY. 1" a. m. By or-
der CAPT. WM. BLUHM. President.
CAPT. I!Y TATLOU. Secretary^
TAK1> ncti"e Bf change of meeting hall.— The
Packers'. Porters' and Warehousemen's Union
No 8SS5 will hold it« next regular meeting in
Tfmple Hall. 117 Turk St.. WEDNESDAY.
iS*y 13. irCl. S p. m. Special election of offi-
cers and other very important business will
come t~ for discusricn.
J. E O'NEILL. First Vice President.
W. T. DAVENPORT. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
mretinc of the stockholders of the Olympic
Pall Water Compcuy will be held at the
office of th? company. 327 Market St.. San
rranc'sro, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 27th day
of May. P01, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
fir the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such nther business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Friday. May 17. 1301. at 3
O'clock p. ta. CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
Office "Ti Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to min~ by the hydraulic
process from Charles Lilly and W. E. Emery,
in the Avalanche mine, near VaUicita. Cal-
avrras <>-:r.ty, to deposit tailings in Grap«»-
vir.e Gulch: and from W. J. Cox and F. E.
Ketry. In the Taylor diggings, near Taylors-
ville. Pluronp County, to deposit tailings in
Ilinchmp-n Creek, gives notice that a mect-
lr?r vV.\ be held at room 59. Flood building,
Fan Francisco, Cal., en May 27, 1301, at
1 :TA p. m.
AN'NTAL meeting:— The regular annual meet-
1r;cr cf the stockholders of the Hutchln?on
fursr Plantation Company wtJl be held at
tVe c'fice of the company. 327 Market St.. Saa
Frnncisco. Cal. en TUESDAY, the 14th day
cf May. irCl. at th» hour of 11 o'clock a. in-
fer the purpose of electing a board of di-
rctora 10 serve for the ensuine year and the
transaction of such ether business as may
r-rme liefer* the ineeTinjar. Transfer books
»•;!! close en Fri<3av, May J. 19(11. at 3 o'clock
r. vr.. E. H SHELDON*. Secretary.
AGEVTS AVAXTED.
A?LE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
pro rio^it ions. American Exploration Co., 1413
Call builiJir.fr.
ADOPTION.
G<">OI) h«fnr cr">n for healthy boy nnd clrl ba-
M-s. MHS. DR. FUNK". »16 Fth. Alame<la.
ASIMIALTIM HOOFING.
3. PKLTIER. aFrbalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ra!red: i>ostai. 11SS Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
KOW'E. atty at law. 830 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 2-. 127 Montgomery st., S. F.
ADVICE fr^e: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLAKK. Emma Spreckels bldp-.. 527 Mar-
V.ct st.: <-o"suitat;o,n free: no fees In advance.
tia.'.IlUIXC FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR Z children to board, week cr month; best
care; funny yard; near school ; 510 up. W07
Calif orris rt.
LADY M-ith own home would like 1 or 2 chil-
6rei to board; pood care. 321S Sixteenth st.
atSJXESS CHANCES.
A— $?«¦; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living
¦ roorr-fc: established years; rent $35; location
car/t be ber.t and the business is first class.
Call R. G. WILKE, 20V. Kearny et.
A— 5171V; JCt-CRKAM parlors and caf», on lead-
ing _B-gSne£S Mi-et-t; rent, $63; first -class pay-
iag eslab'.'.hhraect; owner compelled by sick-
r.c-fcs to re-tirs. Particular's, 1.. G. WILKE,
*t'_ K<-arny st.
JL—tlOtZ ICECREAM parlois and candy store;
cbofenst location; low rent; monthly receipts
I73S: value in sight; net profits at least *l»0
l,tr mcruh. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V. Kearny.
A—ilTJi; CORNER grocery and bar; place es-
t&l'lithed years and known as one of the bsst
Ijayint? corner groceries in this city; location
one block from Market rt. Particulars R.
<i. WILKE, 2C'-_ Kearny ft.
A— filOO; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
betb: very choicest business location; rent
539; investigate and make an offer; a rare
and troud chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'£
Kearny Bt_
A— ?::•'; RESTAURANT on Howard st.; daily
receipts !f2J; rent $17; good prices; must be
fold at once. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— WO*; SA LOON: mostly whisky trade; daily
receipts about $23; rent $40; clearing above
?»0(l per m'T.th; location one door oft Market;
stock and ilxt'jrcs Invoice price: owner to
leave for Alf.ska: offer taken lor 3 days. Call
it. G. WJLKL:. 2C'._ Koamy st.
A— SK-CC: SALCOX with :i rooms, surrounded by
factorje^-, warehouses and lumber yards;
lusge transient trade: rent $4U. Call It. G.
WILKE. 2G T 4 Kearny st.
A— J411X.': SALOON on Market et. ; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ncte; r.ct rent $13j; sickness in family com-
i-cls f.wner to sacrifice: a mint. Call R. G.
V.'ILKE, 2C'i Kearny st.
A— CANDY store in Western Addition J330
Dc.ic.Lcy store; Rood stock; no opposition. 300
Saloon in butines district 4500
haloon near beach $400; saloon and lodg-
ing house 800
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market ¦£. 2000
Merchandise business In good town 1200
<"orn<-r grocery snd bar. from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery ttores. cigar stands, bath houses.
<_elicaoy store*, in all parts of city, from $lio
up. I EITEL ic CO., 1032 Market st.
AAA— 100 CIGAR fctands. 209 groceries and bars,
too ciLndy and let-cream stores, 550 restau-
rants, S30 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $103 up can be suited. If you
v.ant lo buy a ousiness call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 808 Markt t st.
HARBER Klnp. I chairs, with baths; clears $3}
v.eck. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Mar-
ket srt.
FOR private sale— Some of best saloons in city.
WALTER HAYES & CO., SI8 Market st.
JOSEPH HAILIE. 7C3 Market St.— A good list
of lodEin_:-houseE.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 739 Mkt.
RANCHES — Fruit Torches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE, 7i9 Market.
A— RESTAl'RANT near Kearny st. : dally'' sales
?20; feeds ICO men at noon; price $300
Saloon near Hall of Justice; JGCO: rent $3u;
fine fixtures; dally sales average $13
Country hotels; J20C0 to $10,000: good locations;
with or without bars; some on Installments.
AH good-paying propositions.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., by Call bldg.
S-'OOO RUFINEHS for sale; profit 37 per cent;
established 10 years; located on transfer cor-
ner; best location In city. Apply A. J. RICH
& CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
16 ROOMS— Only tSK): fin» location, near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER. SS5 Market bt.
F'lR PALE — Grocery store, horse and wagon;
large outside rout*. ANDREW JACOBSEN,
Slut arid Folsom ets.
CANDY rtore nnd factory for sale cheap on ac-
count of Elckness; good paying business. Ap-
j\y Ul Fo!forr. st. ' • -
WANTED— Good !ivc men to handle a good
thins. 221 Parrott bids.. Sth floor. ?
4 ..;
i nUSINESS CHANCES — Continued^
J12CC— STEAM laundry: long established -and, do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
, SOLOMON & CO.. -0 Kearny st.
H'J— DOWNTOWN saiSon: no night or Sunday
. voik: daily receipts $1C to Hi: rent $12 50.
I HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
! 51SCP— GKOCERY. fruit and produce store doing
a business of $45 per day; full value In sight.
! HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
' FAKE business propositions not listed by
I HORN. SOLOMON & CO. *
{ $i(«-CAXDY store and icecream parlors, pay-
ing over $1CO per month profit; fixtures alone
cc£t more than price asked; this is a genuine
1 bargain and It will pay to Investigate. HORIs,
SOLOMON & CO., SO Kearny St. ¦
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $14C0
i or owner will self half-Interest to £ood busi-
ness man for *SCO: will guarantee ilSO to $..00
!>er month HORN, SOLOMON & CO., o0
i - Kearny st.
j WHEN you war.t to sell cr buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN, SOLOMON &. CO.. 30
j Kearny st. ; telephone Main 1604. ¦_
PONE of the oldest and best paying saloons in
Sacramento; a great chance to make money:
trial given before buying. Business Board
Trade. 326 Pine ft., phone Davis 326.
, A— $400; RESTAURANT for sale, four living
! rooms; nice trade, nice place; rent cheap;
i ruitable for man and wife: going East; must
I be sold. Box 4193. Call office.
! STATIONERY notion bazaar; livinc rooms;
I established 20 years; near schools; downtown;
i owner leaving city: price $1100; a- bargain.
; Address box .147. Call office.
j PARTNER restaurant; man that can cook; $130
required; have location. 29 Winchester House.
I DON'T invest $1 in any investment until you
see the Business Board Trade. 326 Pine St.
I SNAP— Dairy depot clearing $200 per day; make
i offer; must be sold. Address A., box 17, Call.
! GENERAL merchandise business for sale at
I a sacrifice; located in one of the most rapid-
¦ lv prowing towns in Santa Cruz County;
well' selected stock In good order; sales last
year over $22,000, and increasing; owner in
poor health; must sell. Call or address C:
J. LUTGEN. with J. A. Folger & Co., 108
California st.
A— FOR sale— A small tailor shop; good loca-
tion: good business. Inquire at 1220
Webster, bet. 9 a. m. and 1 p. m.
PARTNER v.-ar.ted with capital In merchant
tailoring business: nresent owner a cutter and
tailor. _3ox 4144. Call office.
1 GOOD corner for sale cheap. 1G1S Church st.
$73^ — FOR sale; grocery and bar. 30 Gilbert st.
RESTAURANT; good location; suitable for
I man and wife; cheap. 610 Stanyan st.
FOR sale— Small restaurant; cheap; 4 living
rooms. Box 41G9, Call office.
! FOR sale — Carpenter sl>o_\ with tools and stock,
at low price. Call after fl p. m.. at 443 Third.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2230 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SS
I Valencia tt.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., '
: S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
45 rooms; oak furn.: good transient $2500
24 rooms; tine furniture and carpets.... 22f>0
10 rooms; central; well furnished 450
13 rooms; furn.; carpets extra good 1050
33 rooms; permanent and trans.; elegant. 3.VK)
18 rooms; rent $6."; elegantly furn; p»Tm. 1600
18 rooms; 2 entrances; rent $75; trans.. 1500
20 rooms: rent SCO; water free; good furn. 1000
24 rooms; furniture new; rent to 1 ) 210i)
19 rooms; rent $S0; clears $70 1000
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent,
719 Market St.. by the Call building.
S flats of C room? each; $300 to $200
14 houses of 10 rooms rach: $700 to 300
46 hcuses 13 to 20 rooms; $1600 to 750
34 hcuses, 11 to 3>"> rooms; $2700 to s 1000
22 hcusc-s, 31 to 42 rooms: $4000 to 1800
19 houses. 44 to T.O rooms: $3000 to 2000
2G big houses end city hotels. Call for list.
WALTER HAYES & CO. •
GREET
PRESIDENT McKINLEY.
¦Watch this space next week for an unprece-
dented Hit cf Bargains In Houses.
833 Market Ft.
ATTENTION BUYERS'.
Ycu may 1-uy any rooming-house In
the city, and rar for it,
i In monthly payments
¦ from the profits
• of the house.
j Vacant house3 furnished.
i DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
1 WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market s«.
I Over Wonder Millinery Store
15 rooms: sunny corner: rent $30 $305
15 rooms; near Sutter St.: rent $30 Col
20 rooms; comer;, rent $70 600
M rooms; corner; rent $91 2)00
Honey on furniture, 1V4 per cent.
IS ROOMS: Mission st : rent $60: price $723.
12 rooms; Mason 'Ft.: rent ?45: price $750.
.lft rooms on Grant avc.*: rent $73; price $1300.
13 rooms on Eddy st. ; rent $58; price $i."»0. i
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2i Sixth ft/
BOARDING house. 12 miles from San Fran-
cisco: 14 rooms and laree yard, stable and
chicken -h- uses; 10 to 12 stead v boarders;
rent $13 or lease. Anply to N. V. PATTER-
SON. 7Co'i Tennessee St., Potrero.
33 ROOMS; rent SSO; receipts about $200....$S."0
10 rooms; rent 130: clears $33 per month.. 650
$200 — Lcdging-house, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays rood profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st.
FISHER & CO.. 92r. Market St.. opp. Mason.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
FOR sale cheap: fine lodging-house with din-
ing-room, bar and 26 furnished rooms. In-
quire at 203 and 203 Perry st., near Fourth,
or Anchor Brewery, !4t!l Pacific st.
I SPIRITUALISM.
! UWBS-izJJ» WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ere; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 11G4 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellls-
et. car; sit.. $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
! MRS. LOL'ISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
j and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 203 Larkin
t rt.; tel. Howard 2711: hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
KATIE KEUESMANN, 126 West Mission St.,
nr. 13th— Cir. Sun. & Fri. eves.: sitt'gs daily.
I CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 1241Vi Market st.
EARLE. C22 Geary nt.. telephone Polk 12^7—
Readings daily: seances. Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
J W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St., 2d floor.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; articles
read. 10c; readings, ladies 50c, G. $1. 148 6th.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
{ 8 p. m., cCc. Bush. nr. Leavenworth.
MEETING to-night, 1238 Howard— Convincing
test readings daily. MRS. MAXWELL.
MME. MARQUISE. 118 Sixth St.. holds test cir-
cle to-night at 8: 10c; sittings daily.
MPS. ANTHONY, medium, 22S% Sixth St.;
ladies. 25 cents; gents. 00 cents.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 313 Turk
si.; hours, 10 a..m. to 5 p. m.
FR'ENOSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
; Mever: sittings daily; t°Kt to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. EZEKARD,
1 THE FAMOUS
I Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
I !y locate.! at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
! Fhe readr. your life correctly, gives an accur-
! cte description of the past, reveals the present
I happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, dlsrontented, un-
happy or net satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
BROESKE! BROESKE! BROICSKE!
1 The greatest of Psychic and Scientific Palm-
ists, gives advice on all affairs of life; reads
your entire life, past, present and future;
your character, talent, abilities and health:
perfect satisfaction by mail; gives advice In
regard to profession, love affairs, business,
speculation: shows you how to avoid misfor-
tunes in the future: send stamp for circular;
palmistry reading $L 203 Turk St.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium! is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
kef st., corner Golden Gata ave.. rooms 25 and
I 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
! anteed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet with
I special terms. Daily and Sunday.
! AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
j fret, without asking questions, looking at
1 tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to get
! well without knife, drugs or worthless instru-
j ments: scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathlc Co.. 13S2 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
I MRS. HUBBARD. 103 Oak st.— Circle Tuesday
and Friday 8 o'clock; Wednesday 2:30, 10c;
¦^ readinrs. ."Cc.
1 . -________^ — — __
j MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
j test medium. 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.. cor. 6th
M1IEM1AXSOX. palmistry, card reader; past
present, future; 23c. 14S Sixth St.. room 14.
j MME. WALTERS, great card reader: Iadie3
23c: gents 30c. 9J1 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
¦MME. SCHAFF12R. clairvoyant, card reader;
1 sittings daily. 44S',i Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
I CLAIRVOYANTS — Contlnnetl.
1 MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, teila
past and future: never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
' band or wife: 23c, up; satisfaction to eveiy-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215*.. Sixth.
MME. VALEEN, 1027% Market St., near 6th,
palmist and life reader, psychic and mag-
netic healer; cuixs disease and habits;
teaches how to influence people and be suc-
cessful in love and financial affairs.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
i reader, born \ylth double veil — second sight;
1 diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
i gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. »1 50. 12G Turk.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
j fails; readings. COc. 8 Hayes St.. nr. Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
I palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
I 6th: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
i'MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
! palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Howard 1846
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fail consult me; 25c. 917 Howard.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist, card read-
er; 25c up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant. card reader;
ladies, 25c: gents, HOc. 132 Sixth st.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names- piven; 25c tip. 5 Fourth st.
CAPE NOME.
AN Alaska snap; chance to make good money
with small Investment at Teller City, Alaska.
Call and Investigate or address J. A. CHASE,,
room 75, Chronicle building.
CARPET nEATIXG AND CLEANING.
AVHEN you become disgusted with poor, work
eend to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
J ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO.. Carpet-beating Works : prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-^
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Work*. O. H.
•STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-10 Sth st.: tel. South 250.
: J. E MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
J rating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Et. ; tel. Mission 74.
I ADVANC-ftcarpet-Cleaninsr Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
i tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at »«e lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth Et.: telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Bentiner Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Suttyr.
I COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
j lers fuccessful. Ronm 310. 927 Market st.
! COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms: modern improvements and
bath. 1305 Ellis St.; key 1221 Laguna.
DENTISTS.
ATtn^eELECTRO-DEXTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free, Jt 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
I p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
! EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
! and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
I wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
I experience; no students; .advice free; prices
I cheapest' and guaranteed: lady attendants.
J DR. GEORGE W r . LEEK.,20 O'Farrell St.
¦ A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
! warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, $5: full _et; all work painless and
j warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
j EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
1 and bridge work at bedrock prices: payments.
1 Office 1141 Polk st., cor. Sutter: open Sundays.
i A NEW thing in gold filling; no hammering
as before: absolutely no pain: call Inves-
tigate: examinations free. Ideal Dental Co..
6 Eddy St.. rooms 44 and 32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.SIS^ Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist,' third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st.. cor. Cth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET o7 teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOITNG. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
; MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Milinery School—
j Clans rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
I ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
; EDUCATIONAL.
I G^LLAGHER^MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
I Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; R9bert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
( shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
1 tical bookkeeping, full course, $30; catalogue.
I HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
j S F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
! guages. telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
j & eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
; raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50; individual
I Instructions; positions secured; catalogue free.
I A— THK LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelnn building. < j
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posl- ;
tlons to all its graduates. 3C5 Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School, i
j associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mining.mech., sur-
vey assay, ryanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
j <ler Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only f60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-13,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils in all branches In
oil palntinsr by very competent lady teacher;
j r,Oc. Box E. Call office.
j ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writirg,
etc. : clay or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
j SPANISH lessons in exchange for shorthand;
state system. Address box 4129, Call.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 100S Mission st.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. T.13 McAllister st.
ELECTKO-THERAPUTIC
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
E3IPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co., 24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 14S1, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc. ¦
JAPANESE Employment office and . House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Pest st.; tel. Bush 133.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Pbwell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1U46 Slitter; tel. JEast 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. ?15 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESK and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 41U4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East. 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.'
A FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation:
8 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St..
FIRST-CLASS German sirl wants a position
as chambermaid, country hotel or resort; also
first-class Swedish cook desire:* situation,
understands German cooking. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St. . ...
A YOUNG French girl from the East wants
situation as a nursegirl.; good sewer; flrst-
clafs references. Address 224 Bush St., the
Elmer. ¦¦ ¦ - -
A' MIDDLE-AGED woman desires to assist
cooking: and housework for a family of
adults: no washing; no postals. Call at 4122
Twenty-fourth ft. >
REFINED woman: housekeeper 'or managing
housekeeper for hotel; fine cook; no objection
-to country. Box 4130, Call. .'.."• ¦
WOMAN would like to do up curtains; reas-
onable. Box 4KS. Call.
-! EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SWEDISH girl wants to do housework In
American family. Please call 120SB Florida
j St.. near Twenty-fourth.
TWO giris wish positions to do housscleanlng
by the day. Apply 37 Stanley place.
AN experienced woman wants work In lunch-
house, boarding-house or restaurant to wait
or assist in kitchen; to work from 9 to 3.
Call or address 9 Tehama st.
YOUNG woman wishes position in small family
working as housekeeper: references exchanged.
R. B.. 1941 Mission Et.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to take
charge of a. baby, from infancy, or to do up-
1 stairs work and sewing; references If re-
I quired. Apply or address 1009 Third St., Oak-
j land.
GERMAN girl wants situation as plain cook
in private family in Oakland. Apply 473
Sixth st.. the Prescott House, Oakland, Cal.,
room 12.
, ELDEKLY woman would like to-take care of
; baby from 2 to 3 years old. 449% Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework. Call at 1324 Folsom st.
A COMPETENT woman wishes care of room-
ing house; city or country. Box 2232, Call
office. Oakland. j -
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
J6 week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. ' . • *
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED— -MALE.
A- YOUNG man wishes position as under press-
man on pants; 11 months' experience. Call at
215 Sixth st. . / .
WANTED— A position as gardener on private
place or residence: many years' experience;
steady and sober man. Please address 1309
Stockton st. •
WOOLSORTER; have been in trade all my life
and got practical experience in sorting. Box
4195, Call office. ¦
COOK and wife, wish situation In hotel; good
references. 803 Montgomery st.. room 11.
CIVIL engineer wishes to do work at home;
understands all lines of engineering and arch-
itecture; reasonable prices; quick work. Ad-
dress 1033 Union st. ¦
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender: city or country; best of references.
Address G. M., 1104 Larkln st.
YOUNG man with 6 years' experience in of-
fice desires position, or will accept any other
kind of; work. Box 4193. Call office.
AN architect and civil engineer wishes to do
work at home; does quick work and at rea-
sonable prices. Address 1033 Union St.
I AM looking for a position wherein wide ex-
perience in all agricultural branches— Europe,
U. ¦ S. and 15 years . California— together with
broad education, good handwriting, bookkeep-
. Ing, correspondence, etc., could earn moderate j
salary for an old bachelor. German, box 500,
Call office. • " .
W'ANTED— By middle-aged man who has ex-
perience in wholesale liquor and wine house,
position to do packing, coopering and brand-
ing;' references given. Box 416s Call office.
MAN and wife, with their own help, wish to do
the work and take charge of a ranch; good
references. J. D., 144 Juniper st.
WANTED— A' chance to go to Alaska to work
In the mines with fare prepaid. Address
FRANK CROFAUGH. Mountain View. Cal.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes position as cook
.or waiter. Address 931 Sacramento st. ; R. T.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
+ FE ATH Elt RENO VATIXG.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. 5th.
FLATS TO LET.
FOLSOM, 1748— Sunny flat ' of 6 rooms, bath,
tubs and yard.
MODERN upper flat of 4 rooms at 941 San-
chez. Key at 310% Waller st.
MODERN sunny flat 5 rooms, bath; near Park;
rent $20. 17C8 Waller st. '
NORTHWEST corner Turk and Pierce sts.—
4, 5 and 6 rooms and baths.
SUNNY corner. 4 rooms and bath; up-to-date;
$20. 1694 Page St., corner Clayton. .- -
THREE elegant sunny flats. 20-22-24 Baker St..
between 'Haight and Page; rents, $23, $27 5C
TWO new elegant flats juEt finished; 8 rooms,
bath; rent $42 50. 1523 Clay St., near Hyde.
VALLEJO. 1111— Sunny upper flat of 4 rooms
and bath: newly renovated.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
FLATS TO LET Kiirnlaheil.
ADULTS; 4 comfortable rooms, bath; 2 beds;
gas and coal stoves; all necessaries. 1917
Geary st.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat: 3 rooms and
bath; 2 folding beds; $15. 1537 Larkln st.
MODERN furnished flat, C rms. & bath, piano,
etc., to Sept. 1; cheap. 1530 Grove. 2 to 4 p. m.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THE elegant furniture and carpets at 1725
Buchanan" st. must be sold at a sacrifice on
account of non-arrival of. party; flat to rent.
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 12S
and 132 Ellis st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $43 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves r give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter St.; tel. James 141.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pa.'S highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc.. 1133 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761.
HELP -WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 cooks, summer resorts, see parties here.. $35
Head waitress, summer resort $35
I Waitresses, Stockton, Fresno, Benlcla,
Woodland .' $20
Waitresses, city and summer resorts....... $20
Laundress, summer resort $30
Man and wife, all around laundry work.
resort : $50
Mangier, Lake Tahoe, see party here $25
Dinner waitress, hotel $10 month
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ,
Cooks, houseglrls, second • girls, nurseglrls,
city and country, best of wages. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, first-class summer resorts, $20,
see parties here: 4 waitresses, country hotels,
$25, fare here; 10 waitresses, country hotels,
$20; 6 waitresses, city, $20; 4 chambermaids
to wait, $20; woman cook, small resort, $30,
no dishwashing. <
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, ' 2 in family, country, $30, fare paid;
housegirl San Rafael, $25; housegirl, San
I Rafael, $25; housegirl, city, $30; many choice
city and country naces. MRS. M. E. DAY
' & CO., 235 Geary st. .
WANTED— Nurse, $20; ladies' maid. $20; 6
cooks, plain' wash, $30: 10 waitresses, city
and country, $20 and $25: 6 waitresses, res-
taurants, $7 and $9 week; second girl, $30;
laundress, $33: 2 waitresses for ¦ summer re-
sort, $20, lots of tips, see boss this forenoon;
. 6 second girls, $20 and $25: Protestant girl for
2 in family, housework. $25, and others.. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St. >
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in 2 wks.;
entire course $5; positions guaranteed; big sal-
ary at start. Halrdresslng CoHege, 574 Geary.
GIRL for second help and light housework; sal-
ary good. Inquire drug store, 4267 Mission st.,
near Silver r.ve. - ¦ •
EXPERIENCED waitresses; permanent posi-
tions: good pay; also extras; no fee. 127
Mason st.
YOUNG girl wishing good home; family one
lady; no washing; light housework. 2218
Webster sfT
COOK and second girl for Alameda: one that
has worked In German or Jewish family pre-
ferred.. Box . 4150, . Call. r ' "
ASSISTANT in office, age 15 to 18; salary $15
per month ; hours 8 till 6. Box 4128, Call office.
IRONERS. wanted on ladies' wear to work In
factory. 723 Market;st... room 33. : *
AA— BRIGHT young girl« from 15 to 18 to tew
by hand. -723 Market st.,room 35. ..
HELP WANTED — FEMALE Con :
GIRL to do crooking and general housework:
no washing; wages $25; call after 9 a. m. 1
Etott st. .
BRIGHT young woman to look over work. 723
Market St.. room 33.
PANTS finishers; steady work. Royal Pants
Co.. 222 Kearny st.
WANTED— Woman of intelligence, sympathetic
with sick people. Box 4200, Call office.
GIRL for general housework. 661 Howard
street. .
2 WAITRESSES for Stockton, $25. California
Employment Agency, phone Bush 405.
GIRLS wanted In bindery. LEVISON PRINT-
ING CO.. 514 Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 207 Third
street.
WOMAN to scrub floor and clean windows;
$1 50. - 619 Larkln st. _• '
APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking; paid
while learning. 1542 Webster 8t.
GOOD hands on vests, machine and hand; good
wages proper parties. 641% Stevenson st.
GIRL wanted for German cooking and general
housework. 1440 O'Farrell st. \
COMPETENT dressmaker immediately; good
wages. 848 Haight st. '
FIRST-CLASS ladies' hairdressers, who under-
stand ventilating preferred. . 40 Geary st.
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 years of age for second work and
attend grown children: must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
box 196. San Rafael. ..
EXPERIENCED ODerators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts &t
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHELS, 531
Mission st.
WANTED — Experienced operators en women's
wrappers; inside work; electric power; steady'
work. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced operators arid finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists. EAGLESON
CO., 525 Market st.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32% Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. '
WANTED— Experienced salesladies; state age.
experience and salary expected. Address box
3619, Call office.
W ANTED— A neat young girl to assist in house
work: family of four adults; wages, $12 per
month. Apply 128 Second ave.
WANTED — A woman, German preferred, for
. general housework and cooT-ing in Alameda.
' Call morn!ng3 at 538 Polk St., city..
WANTED— A girl in a small private family.
Address box 3674, Call office. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5318
Leading— Employment— and— Labor— Agents
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY. .
Railroad work; Southern Pacific Railroad;
free pass; office fee $1 and no other ex-
penses; 269 men for the Southern Pacific Rail-
road company's own work in section, steel,
rock, ballasting- and other gangs; no experi-
ence required. Los Angeles and Santa Bar-
bara and other divisions in all parts of Cali-
fornia. Wages, $1 75 to ?2 25 day.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Twenty-five railroad men, teamsters and la-
borers, for Ukiah $2 day
V... MECHANICAL— HELP
Harness maker, ranch $40 and found
Wood turner and band sawyer $3 day
. 2 carpenters; millwright; cutoff sawyer;
wheelwright, country shop: 12 blacksmiths
and helpers, ranches and country shops;
wood worker, camo.
' .' MISCELLANEOUS
4 machine miners, gold mine $98
2 firemen, $42 and found; single-hand miners:
' 25 men and boys to pick fruit.. $23 & $30 & fd
10 laborers, sawmills and woods. $26, fare paid
150 laborers, city and country.. $1 75 & $2 day
10 teamsters, near city $1 75 day
.0 farmers and hay makers $30 and $35
3 men, truck grain warehouse.. $40 and found
25 milkers, city and country $30 and $35
Buggy washer and hostlers, city and country:
15 choremen and boys.... $20, $25, $30
Choreman and wife, small institution.
COOKS-BAKERS-WAITERS
CO cooks, city and country
$40 and $30, $12 to $35 week
50 waiters, city and country '. •
$30 and $35. $10 and $12 week
15 bakers, city and country
$40, $50, $60, 570 and $80
...Laundry help — Bartender — Kitchen Help
4 cooks, small ranches $23
Porters, bellboys, etc. MURRAY & READY,
631 and 636 Clay st. ¦
STEWARD for resort $35 and found
4 waiters for country hotel $30
Bakers, country $40 and $50
, Cooks, $40 to $70; dishwashers, $25 and $30;
porter, $1 day and room, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
GARDENER, $30 and found; laundryman and
wife for institution, $60; 20 farmers, $25, $30
and $125 and $1 50 day; S milkers, $30 and
$35; milker and choreman for resort, $25; man
about place, $25; stable man, $35, and many
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Man and wife for country hotel,
wife as waitress and man help In kitchen,
$40. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
• Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade; we
teach the work in 2 months; donate complete
outfit of tools; give Saturday wages; grant
diplomas and pay $15 weekly when compe-
tent; the new barber law increases demand
for our graduates; catalogue and particulars
free. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay.
BRIGHT, ambitious boy for stenography, type-
writing and general 'Office work; state, in own
handwriting, experience and wages expected.
Box 4192, Call office.
YOU can make big money selling tickets to wit-
ness launching of battleship Ohio; some cash
security required; guaranteed against loss. 301
Examiner building.
WANTED — Steady man; light indoor work; will
pay $75 per month to start; steady place;
must have $150. READ & CO., 1007% Market.
WANTED— Good fireman for planing mill. Ap-
ply at INGLER & YOUNG'S, Fourth and
Washington sts.. Oakland.
•WANTED— Bakers . and confectioners; good
wages; permanent employment. Address box
4160, Call office. , |j
CABINET maker, 1 good carpenter, 2 shlng-
lers, country. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau, 410 Kearny st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
EROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
POPULAR chef, owning union restaurant,
wants partner with $300. LUNDIN & CO.,
9C6 Market st.
STEADY man with $130 cash can make $S0 a
month. Apply at 209 Kearny St., room 1.
BAKERS and confectioners wanted; wages $50
to $80. 637 Broadway, "American Bakery."
'BOY. wanted for attorney's office. Apply at
310 Pine St.. room 26. ¦
HARD ca.ndy helpers wanted. Second and Fol-
som sts. ' -
WANTED«-Card writer and sketch artist for
advertising work. Address box 4194, Call.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor wanted. P. VER-
PIER. 984 Geary st.
ALL sizes men's shoe3. slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD pants presser wanted. 1000 Harrison
St., corner Sixth. .
WANTED — Good tailor to work inside on cus-
tom coats. 927 Market St., room 623. .
BARBER shop for Bale. See BLOOMHEART,
66 Second St. , ¦ -
RELIABLE 2-chair barber shop for sale; a
month's rent already paid. 101V. Sacramento.
WANTED^-Extra waiter at MARTIN'S, 15
Third gt.
FIRST-CLASS bread baker foreman; also sec-
ond hand ; good wages. Box 4199, Call office.
WANTED— Dishwasher at New G. G. Hotel,
134 Fourth 8t. ' , '
BOOTBLACK wanted. Oak Barber Shop, 111
Ellis Bt. > ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦- ¦
WANTED— Union barber; steady situation.
5io Broadway. - -
WANTED — Good coatmaker; work Inside.
225% Montgomery ave. ¦ -. ¦ . ¦ »
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman; permanent
position to good man; state references and
salary. Box 4198, Call office.
COOK wanted for restaurant; wages $12 week.
810 Kearny st.
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 3J36
Twenty-fourth st. ¦
WANTED— A grocery clerk over 25 ' years of
age; unmarried. Box 4197 Call office. .
BOY wanted at drug store. Twenty-first and
Valencia sts.: ... ¦ - -
UNION barber wanted; steady Job. 1145 Valen-
cla st. • v. -
'WANTED— Bootblack for barber shop. . Cor.
Jones and Sutter 8ts.
WANTED— Recruits . for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
: character, between the ages of 21 and .33; not
. less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
I inch, able to . read and ' speak English. ." For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St., Sao Francisco. .
HELP WASTED — MALE-^Con^^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... ...1M Geary st.
For Cal. N. W. Ky at Ukiah. ••-¦£
Tunnelmen '- " $2
Teamsters ..'. «»
Laborers '¦ *""
For railroad tunnel, Chatsworth Park:
" 50 tunnelmen *•' 20
50 drillers *" « 2
50 muckers JJV5
50 laborers, outside work * x
100 railroad laborers for reconstruction and
ballasting track ;^l_"'Vrti.<-
Free Fare... Ship Dally Free Fare
Young man to milk and do chores, summer j
resort. $23 and fare paid; millwright, country ,
sawmill, ?50 and found; 6 laborers, countn .
sawmill, $26 to ?30; 10 coal miners for ew
Mexico, 62c ton; 10 farmers for haying, 51 /•>
a day; 20 farmers and milkers, 530 and ?2t>, •»
blacksmiths, $40 and $45.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••
Chef, second cook and dishwasher for sum-
mer hotel, $1CO, $60 and $30; meat and pastry
cook, summer resort. $100; bread and cake
baker, summer resort, $60: head cook, 5_Wj
second cooks, fryers and broilers. $60 to $10; 4
second cooks, country hotels, $40 and $4j; oys-
terman, $45; 10 bakers, $50 to $60; extra cooks,
bakers and waiters, city; hotel and restaurant
waiters, city and country, $30 to $30; dish-
washers and kitchen hands, $23 to $30; dish-
washer, country hotel, $25 and free fare; pot-
washer, springs, $25; 10 bell and elevator boys,
$10 and J1S.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— CLERK who writes a rapid hand and has
a strong voice for our office. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. \
A— GEO. KRAUSE. the tunnel foreman, please
call. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10j Geary st.
AT Cal Emp. Agency. 59 3d, phone Bush 405. —
¦ Carload of railroad laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 day.
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
60 laborers for country, $1 S3 to $2 25 per day.
No experience necessary; we ship daily.
20 men for rock crusher, $2 per day.
10 lumber pliers. $35 to $45 month and board.
10 mill and woodsmen, free fare, free fare.
6 men to make ties, lie, free fare.
16 haymakers, $1 25 to $2 50 day and board.
10 laborers, city, $1 75 to $2 per day.
4 stonemasons, city, $4 to $5 per day.
Camp waiter, $20 per month and board.
WAITER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos ave.; $20
per month and found.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for Bale cheap. 14
Turk st. . ¦
SALESMEN— For high-grade book proposition;
no house work; sold to the best people only;
must be of good education, address and ap-
pearance; references required as to trust-
worthiness and ability. Address box 3623,
Call office.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear andjwdy maker;
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO., Sacramento, Cal..
SALESMAN, high class, fully experienced man
of ability and excellent address desired; we
have an extraordinary book proposition and
wish first -class connections. Address box 4154,
Call office.
WANTED — At Restaurant Keesers' Associa-
tion, 127 Mason St., restaurant help of all
kinds; male and female; regiBter at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
WANTED— Laborers arid mechanics to know
¦ that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
- rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
50 BOYS to sell McKlnley souvenirs during
week of Presidential visit; quick, handy
seller; 5c article. Room 34. 503 California st.
2-CHAIR barber shop and bath for sale in best
mining town In State. See party between 12
and 2 at Golden West Hotel. Ellis st.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLI3,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and" 2d sts.
WANTED— Several good men. Apply at the
Royal Portrait Co.. 1145 Market st.
WANTED — SCO men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.'
MEN to learn barber trade: catalorjie' mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Apprentice boy to learn iron mold-
ing: steady job. Apply S14 Kearny st.
WANTED — Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
FOUR STONEMASONS : $4 per day. California
Employment Agency. 5S Third. •
UNDERPRESSERS on pants wanted by S. N.
Wood & Co. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
PENSIONS— J. II. SHEPARD & CO.. attys.. j
Hearst bldg. % Third and Market, room 316.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ' been established at 1096
Valencia st.
, HOUSES AXD AVAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale, cheap— 1 horse, harness and wagon:
also 1 team; weight from 1000 to 1100. 593j
Mission st.. opposite Ocean View.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE, wagon and harness for sale. Apply
at 1325 Bush st.
FOR sale or exchange for diamonds, fine road
or business rig. 1509 Grove st.
WASHINGTON furniture express for sale on
account of sickness. Apply at 2457 Folsom st
A BARGAIN— Strong light two-seated spring
wagon; also go-cart. 192S Howard st.
GOOD end spring piano; box buggy. $25; also
1 cheap horse. Apply 238 Fulton st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express 1 wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. 1 •- ¦ '.
HOUSES TO LET.
X^R^N?E^TIlS^FTlo^es~to^eTrsenT?oTclr^
cular.G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— 1359 GOLDEN GATE avenue, bet. Flllmore
and Steiner — 10 rooms and bath; choice resi-
dence: will be rented cheap to. a first-class
tenant.
$40— HOUSE In Weitern Addition from June 1;
contains 9 rooms, bath, washroom. Par-
ticulars W. H. CRIM & CO.. .118 Mont-
gomery st. | *¦
NEW house to let: 6 rooms and bath. Beulab
and Cole sts., .near Park.
TO let— A fine bay-window house, 769 McAllis-
ter st.: 10 rooms, large yard, etc., by JOHN
PFORR. 403 Pine st.
$8— FINE house of 3 rooms freshly decorated,
with enameled sink and patent chimney: Its
own toilet. 310 Clementina St., In the yard;
key 782 Folsom. st. £-
$43.00—8 ROOMS: large finished basement: suit-
able for dressmaker; large yard. 1613 Bush.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
PAGE, 443^ — Well-furnished sunny house, nine
, rooms, for about 6 months: yard and garden.
SUBURBAN HOUSES. Z ~
saI^T^cruz" mountains"! ~" ~~-~-~
House, 10 rooms, bath, piano, furnished com-
plete; horse and buggy: fare $1 round trip to
place. Box 4172. Call office.
HYPNOTISM. ~^
HYPNOTISM, suggestion, personal magnetism^
etc., taught privately by GEO. W. BURKE
618 Golden Gate ave.' #
LOST AND POUND. ~~
LOST— Going from Shreve & Co.'s to Berkeley
ferry, a black leather purse containing a $10
gold piece, small gold nugget, gold watch
key, also some < cards; reward. Return
..Hughes House, 214 Third st.
LOST— Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary st.
either in car or on street, lady's brown purse'
containing $13 gold. Finder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call office, Clau3
Spreckels building.
LOST— Fob and strap: fob and buckle made of
gold nuggets. Finder will kindly return to
J. D. H., 327 Montgomery St.. where value
of same will be paid.
LOST— Thursday, May 9. coat containing mem-
orandum book with deed of some property
. , A.' RICHTER, Twenty-fourth and San Bruno
-ave.; liberal . reward.
LOST— A chamois jewel bag containing 6 rings
¦ and a turquoise pin. Finder, return to 773
Mission St.; reward. .
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O Nolte. •
' Jewelr. 24S O'Farrell. bet. v Powell and Mason.
JtlATTRESSESAXD^tPHOLSTKItV.
MATTRESSES and pillows^7e7T~fioutiii TSiT
to order or . renovated, ¦ feather and hair
cleaned : expert carpet cleaning ; strictly reli-
able. HOPKE - BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh st.
MATRIHOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN wlshinsr to marry wealthy ladW
send lCc for list. MRS. HERTZ, 708 Ellis st.
ALL contemolatin? matrimony send 10 centj
for "The Wedding Bell." 13 Mason St..
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnat*
cases are immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods euar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Markt.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to giv»
Instant relief for all female complaints; th»
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
d»lay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. U22
Market st.. next to Owl Drug Store.
IMPORTANT notice to Indies^ — No medicine or
pills used: 37 years' experience; In all cases
satisfaction guaranteed; cure In one day; call
on a physician with men's knowledge. DR.
POPPER, medical specialist, 13 Mason st.,
near Market.
DR AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladles 7
pp'ecialists; S2 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliabls
treatment, superior to t-ny other: positive curs
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
-turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet. 6th
& 7th— Expert specialists; well known and re-
liable' 25 yrs. experience; treatment guarant'd
to give Instant relief from all female troubles:
avoid Incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS DR "WTETH, reliable specialist; 28 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement 943 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la.
dels' specialist: best medical care: low fees.
~~ MIMXG AXD ASSAYING.
TO Mining Capitalists— I have a gold mine,
with U S patent, in the Rand District,
that I will sell or bond; this will pay to > ln-
vestigate. Call or address T. W. "VTEEKS.
room 564. Palace Hotel.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERsT^ngines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont «t.
BARS back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock o£
saloon outfits on hand; 33 complete outfits on
on? floor ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1015. 1021, 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AS I ana retiring from business I offer a J100O
burglar proof safe for S330 and a fine piano
for $30. UXCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
I AM retiring frcm business; bargains in dia-
monds, watches. Jewelry; goods at your own
prices; take your choice. UNCLE HARRIS.
13 Grant ave.
CHICKS, with or without hena, 10c each: thor-
oughbred hatching eggs. |1 per setting and
upward. Ingleslde Poultry Yards. 807 Mount
Vernon ave. *
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear gt.
OLD lumber. $6 per thousand: all kinds. J.
REYNOLDS, dlsmantler of buildings. Perry
St.. between Fourth and Fifth.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 123 Montgomy.
A— $-1 50 DERBY and F«dora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 3H0 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SECOND-HAND fire and burglar safe at C. J.
PERIA.YI & CO.'S. 43 Main st
FINE suits. $10; dress Dants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery St.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.:
will exchange for gas ensir.es. LIVINGS-
TON, 538 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds boueht,
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.
S1G Mission st.
HOUSE for sale to be tern down. 4.0 Ellis st.
Apply to HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 13 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand movins pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beaie st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-4.3 Sacramento st. •
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. Ean Fran.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerk-a— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
JIISCELLAXEOUS WASTS.
COMPANY wanted to sink on land adjoining
upper part of Kern County in oil belt for
one-fifth. Apply to W. 31. STANSUURY.
frai-ta Rosa, Cal. '
WANTED — 2 steam tugs, size from 63 to 73 feet
long; either will purchase or charter them.
Address Tugs, box SG1S, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 Ninth: tel. Folsom 232?.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. H. L. WIIITEHEAD. 17C6 Market st.
N^XEVJ^LOAV^^ „__„_
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loso
their friendship; do business with strarfgera
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Eooms 9 and 10, 0C6 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~*
IS MORTGAGE!?
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 ilarket st> Loans on estates in probate,
undivided intiVsts in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, .legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEM.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d, and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
party: no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., SOT Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6H.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds-.
LOANS on salaries without indorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan.- Pearson. 303 Phelan bldg.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI, 8 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur*
lty HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 Callf'nia.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building. ._.
ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required. 9.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 14. Phelan building.
SIW.QCO TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome st., room 2.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. €09 Examiner building.
MUSICAL IXSTIirsiE.XTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella: $65 2 Chickerings (like
1 Heine baby grand new) J2fiO
(like new) $323 2 Heine* $313 nr>
1 Stein way $1S3 1 Hallet-Davis $4fi5
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos in ex-
istence. Including Hallet-Davis. Indorsed by all
the greatest masters; ever 50. COO In use In most
exclusive homes.. Heine Piano Co., 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchangsd for a new Stsinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
y 3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $fi per
• month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
J3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway . and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland. 1 .
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— X Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. S73. 1123. $143. etc. : easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ &• RON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chlckerir.g. Vose. Sterling Agency: also
Apollo, king of self-players.
FROM now until Jur.e 1 we will have a gen-
uine cash clearance salf> of pianos. Custom-
ers -5an get the best bargains In the city
,from usdurinsr this salel Read our display
"ad" In the Bulletin. THE ZENO MAU-
¦ VAIS. 769 Market St., city..
AT WILSON'S Storage. I7CS Market ft., an-
other lot of pianos put on sal?: uprights. $3".
$(3. $1CO: also very small fine baby grand:
-- great bargains, at auction prices."
WILL pay cash for a good Stelnway or Koaba
upright. Box 4131. Call office.THE SAN FKANOISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1901.
15
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 13.
Bark Gatherer, Younggren, 9 days from Ta
coma. , • • ,
SAILED. ' ;
• v Monday, May 13.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. " .
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
COPENHAGEN — Arrived - . May 13 — Stmr
Norde, from- New York.
LONDON— Arrived May 13— Stmr Minnehaha,
HAMBURG— Sailed May 13— Stmr Phoenicia,
°NEW YORK— Arrived May 13— Stmr Bovic,
from Liverpool; stmr Minneapolis, from Lon
don; stmr Kaiserin Maria Theresa, from
Bremen.- ' ¦ __' ¦ '¦¦¦'•¦¦'¦.
Gulling the "Foreign Devils."
When .Chinese affairs,, became interest
ing the editor of ah enterprising American
journal decided to j employ a Chinese for
the benefit of his countrymen in the
United States. The yellow. -vviter was a
rather Costly addition to the staff, but his
contributions were looked forward to with
much interest 'in all parts where Celec
tlals congregate. . ¦
The Chinese. were delighted with what
they- read, and it was some ' time before
the "foreign devils," who also looked,
upon the strange . characters with curios
ity, were! able to learn "the meaning of
them. The first article began:
' "If these lines meet the eyes of one of
our brother Chinese let him accept the
salutation of the author and let him re
ceive "the blessings of the ninety-seven,
gods. . If a dog of a Christian asks him
about the present article he should reply
that it refers to great battles, -¦ ruinous
and bldody, between ¦ the Japanese and
Chinese. This .journal belongs to a
cursed Christian and. is not even worthy
to be spat upon by. a self-respecting Chi
nese." < - -•* -.' ¦*,•"-.?«•-. - ¦ * * ¦ -
- The yellow scribe has ceased to write
articles for: that . journal."— Edinburgh
Scotsman. . •
CONVICTS' STRIPES •
ARE VERY NECESSARY
Prisoners' Aid Association Condemns
. New Jersey Movement to Take •
Them Off.
The 'movement in New Jersey to abol
ish:, the striped clothing of. .the convicts
In the penitentiary has aroused much in
terest among those in this State who are
concerned with prison affairs. Such a
movement finds no favor here, and one
of. the most earnest in his deprecation of
the idea is Mr. Goldsborough S. Griffith,
president of the Maryland Prisoners' Aid
Association. In speaking of* the matter
Mr. Griffith saiu:
.. "Ignorance and idleness are the most
prolific sources of crime, and that this is
so is evidenced by the fact that, while
the colored population of the State is
20 per cent of the total population, 62 per
cent of the prisoners in the penitentiary
are colored, and that; race is the most
idle and ignorant in our population. This
being so, I believe that everything should
be done to educate the criminal, both
mentally and morally; but I have no mor
bid: or sentimental sympathy with the
prisoners. When wrong has been done,
punishment must follow, and there have
been a number of cased where pardons
have been granted by the Governor
against which I would have advised
strongly. • ...
"To take the stripes off the convicts
would be ruinous. It would mean that
where there Is one attempt at escape
now, there would be twenty were the pris
oners not clothed In a distinguishing garb.
It would, therefore,, mean that more
guards would have to be employed. It
would be bad, not only for the community
but for the prisoner aa well. ! He would
be ; constantly thinking of making his
escape, and that would take his mind
from his work and' conduce to idleness.
I cannot understand any Judge's advo
cacy of such a plan, and any one in favor
of It must have viewed the matter very
superficially. In this I can speak not only
for myself, but also for the other man
agers of the Maryland Prisoners' Aid As
sociation,, for I know that they hold views
similar to mine."— Baltimore American.
HOTEL AltBTVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J F Bridges & w, Or
S S Quinn. Cal ;
W B Watson, St Louis
O A .Lowe, Woodland
M J McDonough, Mo
D Williams, Cal
H S Bittenger, Bksfleld
W M Clough & w, Cal
C B Bunce, Seattle
W D Noble, Fresno
P E Boyce. Seattle
G W Johnson, Wls
O H Devers, Portland
O T Allison, S Barnard !
"W H Hammond & w,
Visalia
A G Wishon, Visalia
B P Barker & w, Cal
T H Barnard, Chico'
W Gray, Mich
W C Blakeslee, ,S Lake
J W Glnder, De la Mar
Miss M Harrington, NY
N Citron, Los Angeles
E M Stoddard, Cal I
Mrs A Heister & sister,
San Jose
K L Miller & w, Cal
M L Wolff, Hueneme
L D Roth, Hueneme
R P Blaisdell, L Ang
Mrs M Hobbs, Los Ang
D Flint, Sacto
S M Rohr, Santa Rosa
F F Bodston, Chicago
F I Towle, St Paul
W Warren, Portland
O L Clark. Chlco
Li D P Syle, Berkeley
P Phillips, Cal
W F Parker, LosAng
F Robinson & w, Nev
M P Bennett. Cal
J W Dunlap, Michigan
Bluff
C J Crlstophel, Mo
W C Conroy, Auburn
W A Crowell, Auburn
P Johnson, Angels .
Mrs L Patton Ft Jones
Miss M Patton, Chico
H E Carter. Los Ang
CSH Burden & w. So
nora
Miss C Burden, Sonora
Al Griffin. Fresno
J D Biddle. Hanford
O Y Woodward & w,
Woodward Island
J C Pottle, Sanger
W H Smith, Chicago
E Hennessey, Napa
H H Schram. StHelena
A C Hihn & w. S Cruz
R L Hangby, Eureka
A Campbell & w. Chic
F D King & w, Reno
PALACE HOTEL.
W A Pierce. Tenn
M A Smith, Tucson
A W Retty, N Y
J W Kline. Pa
C Luckenbach, Bkrsfld
C Dunphy, Millbrae
Dr W B Murphy, Sthf
F S Johnson & w. San
Rafael «
a R Smtth & w, L An
P F Kelly. Seattle
R Babcock, New York
M Greenwald, N Y '
M Elsenbery, Mont
F H Bahl & w. Pa
H H Thompson, Seattl
W C Conroy, Auburn .
A S Ritchie, Nebr
J J Schlawrg Jr. la
J Henderson & w, Cal
P O'Keefe, Texas
Mrs J H Stickney.Colo
H R Littletteld. Portld
I Lamond & w, Portld !
E C Voorhles. SutterCr
A E Partridge. Queen C
I Stelfel & w, Chgo
M S . Gandy Sc w, Colo
L Gruenwold & w. La
Miss Gruenwold, La
W H Mason, Bakersfld
W R Bradshaw, Mo
C R Lloyd, Berkeley
T J Kirk. Sacto
FA Du & w. Cal
T Flint Jr & w. Cal
A M Low, Wash D C
A G Gasson, S Diego
H I Watson, England
L Lehman & w. Ill
Mrs A". W Kllgour,
Boston
M H Scribner. Bane
P Bormer. Berkeley
W "W Davis, Orange
Mrs F McBrlde. Butte
F Wetzler. Holbrook
N H Evart & w. NY
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
r P Steeches, N Y
R 3 Crake9. NY
S W Greenfield & w,
Virginia City
r Qulnn. Chicago
r A Comlemanche. L A
A L Moye, L Angeles
Z E Buckner. S Rosa
R C Hess, Fresno
A. Brothers. St Louis
J Lawler. Shellville
B D Barnure. Colo
F i A Lambing. lone
A Altzelt. Texas
G A Chabat. Texas i
H R Hilderbrandt.Tex
D Coffmann. Portland
R R. Walker. Ga
E M Freeman, Ga
F R Dlckson. Florida
I R Hickok. Tenn
E P Morgan. Florida
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
SEMOVAL of KEEFFETS piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
S14 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE, 314 Post Et., between Stock-
, ton and Powell. •
AT BYRON MAfZrS, 308 POST ST.
You are invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment;
can be put In any piano; also to Inspect our
piano factory and eee how a piano Is made.
Asrent Sohmer, Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
ilton. Splelmann pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
vest of Chicajro is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A SECOND-HAND upright piano In good cons
dition, SCO: extra bargains In new pianos
during celebration week. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
FOR sale— Talking machine, the zonophone,
records, case, etc., all new; a bargain. Ad-
dress box 4190. Call office.
A— tm; UPRIGHT grand, new, for almost
half. 216 McAllister, et.
FINE, high-grade upright piano, sacrificed on
account of death. 219 Leavenworth st.
CHICKERING square for sale; nearly new;
perfect condition. Box 4131, Call office.
CLOSING out stock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
HAVE 6old 1 piano: have another excellent up-
Ylcht at big bargain. J. H. Kilgo, S46 Mission.
LT'DWIO pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 833 Market st.
KRANICH & BACH pianos, musicians' delight.
Pole agency nRTJENX. 208 Post st.
*3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CI'RTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
5117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Ocary Pt.. room 38.
A BSCAUL Chickerir.g upright, J12r»; 6 uprights,
second-handed: your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
J4- UPRIGHT. fl23 Knabp. $125 Steinway A
Pnns. at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storape, 17C6 Market St.. you
*«n RPt Ftorajre pianos almoFt for a song.
RA BOA IV— Must be Fold: nice upright piano.
BCHMITZL 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
FT'PKRIOR violins, zither?, old and new. H.
MT'IXKR. rr.aker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
T<~> rent or Wse— Second floor. C!0 Market ft.,
opposite Paliro Hotel: Al business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT, 623 Market st.
"LOFT, r^xTft, 1C!> Fremont Ft. Apply at 103.
l.IOHT. snr.ry rF\c*f S!'. to $2'J. Emma Spreck-
OIL.
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, will make you
rich: you ennnot lose your money; stock guar-
pr.to«-d by f^ F. real eFtate bonds, certified to
by Cat. Fafe Deposit and Trust Co. ; eeni for
rroppectus. Pacific States Mining end Invest-
ment Co.. 2!!6 Post Et.
CALIPTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acre? of oil Ifind in nine
districts. Office. 23 «nd 21 Merchants' Ex.
LIVK crrar.izers can secure oil lands without
caFh. Call "NOW." 36 Geary St.. room 6.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in pood order: all
r i yg « : W S TVITTTr. n«! Ml«»1 nn *t.
-OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands tn the
best localities. If you are looking for lan<*.^
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
FOR Eale or lease— Twenty acres proven land,
adjoining San Joaquln Oil Co.. In Kern River
district. If you have money and are ready to
Po to drilling see S. T. ALLEX, 471 Parrott
building. B. F.
PARTIES with means wish to lease: royalty,
option purchase; these conditions absolute;
proven acreage. Kern River: bond assuring de-
velopment : state fxact location. Box 4131 Call.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered.
K up. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth: onen even.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOESELLI. eclentiflc palmist. S15
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 56L
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist o f the
Pacific Coast. KG Market et.
Mrs. Lamb. scientific palmi«t and character read-
ing; lessons in class and private. 204Ellls, r. IS.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE , free: no charge unless successful.
GF.n D. OAWPPFLL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
BEST on earth— Blood poison, itching, skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co., permanently
located 6?S Siontjromery et.. room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
¦which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or re<3, an-3 blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to i
fhade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 4C6 Putter ft.
NOTICE— TORMEY. May 10. 1301.— From this
dale I will not b<? responsible for any debts
contracted by ir.y ¦wife, Mrs. M. Sllva or
I'inole. she having left my bed and board
without just cause or provocation.
¦ MANUEL F. SILVA.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 45S Geary et_. and you
mrfU not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively cuarar.tec!: preparation sent to all
parti of th* world; call or send for circular. |
MATERNITY VILLA^Good home with bright
future open for brunette boy or girl baby, age
U to 12 morthp; also for adoption, brunette
p'ri baby 3 years old. MRS. DR. FUXKE,
1416 Eighth Ft., Alameda.
A WOMAN en exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one f-ide of face, the other made emooth and j
youthful: hundreds are astonished. New York
Institute Dermatology. 105 Ellis st. San Fran.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $.'; valuable information for liquor,
mcrpMne. opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. U3S Polk St.. San Francisco.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
fectch. t!3 up: fine dress puits. $20 up; ele-
r-pnt overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. HIT
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Et.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to fl 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LADIES' and iretits' shampooing, manicuring
and hafrdreF5lng; also expert massage treat-
ment. The Superior, suite 69, 14 McAllister.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. J2 15. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-l"J2 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A: V.
DOYLE. 17C4 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
MRS. WILLIAM MILLER— Send address to
JOHN P. QUIRK. The Leepalmer. comer
Mascn and O'Karrell ets.
EURE cure for poison oak; guaranteed; will ef-
fr-ct permanent cure in 5 or 6 days. J. J.
COSTA, Concord. Cal.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 30.
Misfit ClothV-g Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton; diseases of men only; sanitarium
€.'9 Clay St.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING styles Standard pattern* now ready.
•"Domestic" office, 1C21 Market Et.. nr. Sixth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie et.
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD rold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market St.
Ladies' and gents' cart-eft* clothing bought and
told. J. Silverman, 9S4 Folsom itel.Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER. 10 Monfgy— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken, $1; guar.
W. F. MEAGHER. 131 Post., room 7. makes •
shoes that fit ar.d wear. j
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray ]
hair to Its natural color: |1; at all druggists. ,
MASQUERADE coytumes. play books wlg«- '
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 723 Mkt.'
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with ',
electric needle. MISS EATO^f. 1113 Sutter st. '
DR. LAMOTTE's French Corn Paint, the best •
corn cure: ?5c; «ill drusrgiMg. i
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. <
D^ C ™ C vH' D ? N ?^"'--°™ ce and reeiden^
1021 Market tt. between Elxth and Seventh. .
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, euccerefully '
treats all diseases of the human body: 8 ee
testimonials at office. 115-in Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICNIC SUPPLIES ~*
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOUNTS
& MOHNS, 29 Market Bt.. for finest wlnem and
liquors; biggest house; open Sundays.
: OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
i : .
' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! OAKLAND!
60-FOOT lot and 10 rooms, modern residence;
¦ 5 minutes' walk to Adeline station; cheap; also
beautiful modern home on Telegraph ave. ;
walking distance from town. M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland. ' " ;
; OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
! AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
I BERKELEY-ADVERTISEMENTS
; BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL cottage at a sacrifice to close
estate; 7 rooms, bath, pantry; latest style
mantel; folding doors; bay-window; front and
i back porch; cement basement, with large
wash and Btorerooms; large ornamental
• - trees; nice lawn fcnd shrubbery; chicken
yard; lot 50x135; 2 blocks from station, school,
church and stores; price $1850; only $500 cash,
balance to suit; bank loaned $1600 on this
J property.
Bargain; stop paying rent; new modern cot-
tages of 6 and 6 rooms each; only 2 blocks
" from station to center of town; price $1800;
$150 down, balance $17 50 per month; do not
; fall to see these cozy homes; take Berkeley
train, get off at Lortn station; office west side
ot R. R. track: open Sundays.
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
$650 TO $1050 for splendid building sites In
i Berkeley, east of the railroad; send for map
of location, prices and terms. MAY & MOR-
TIMER, soleagents^^ ;
$5000 — SEE our nobby up to date house in the
i Scenlo Park. MAY & MORTIMER.
$850— A CUTE little home for small family]
4 rooms; hard finished; plenty of flowers and
trees. MAY & MORTIMER.
$3750 — ALMOST completed modern home, 7
rooms, etc. ; improved street; near college; a
1 bargain. MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley
station. ,." -
BERKELEY
¦ $5000— Modern house near U. C. ; rented at $45
per month; fine investment.
$3500 — 1 new modern 7-room houses; large
lot; lots of fruit; 5 minutes of U. C. grounds;
marine view; easy terms. M. I* WURTS,
¦ Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
¦ FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVAL.E REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP; modern 6-room house; $250 cash, bal-
ance f 13 17 per month, principal- and interest;
large lot; east front. P. H. BLAKE, East
; Fourteenth st., near Fruitvale ave.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELIZABETH, 12, near Guerrero — 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; rent $15.
ELLIS, '639, corner Larkin— Large, sunny bay-
window; wooden mantel; use of kitchen.
LARKIN, 804 — Large ' sunny front and back
room, $8 and $10, for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 63S— Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite; sink; gas; range; bath and
laundry; $20.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bow window; mantel; closets; water; gas
NEW Auburn House, 334 Third st— Housekeep-
ing rooms for family; also single rooms for
gentlemen; reasonable prices; references.
SECOND, 212— Well furnished for hskDg. or
lodgings; neat, clean and respectable; reas.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Unfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c: free coach.
A-BRUNSTVICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms?
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ACCOMMODATIONS can be had at 324% Guer-
rero st.; private family^ • *
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT, 293, North Beach— 2 or more fur-
nlshed rooms for housekeeping purposes; fine
view and sun; quiet neighborhood.
CENTRAL House, 62 Second st. — Furnished
rooms by the day or week prices reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 473 — Large sunny room, nicely fur-
nished; gas; water; phone; accommodate 2
or 3 persons.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished. .
ELLIS, 1S29— Very large furnished, airy rooms
for gentleman or man and wife; private.
FIFTH. 264, near Folsom— 2 nicely furnished
front rooms; bath; rent $6 50 and $8.
FIFTH, 249— Furnished room.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
two, $10; also single, $5 up a month.
GEARY, 3S4— A suite of rooms; sunny; front:
1 double bed and 2 single furnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite. or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. DENIS, 24 Turk, 1 near Market—
1 Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new
I and elegant furniture; single rooms and
I suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water, electric light and return call-
bell In every room; elevator ar.d full hotel
service; rates 75c per day and upward: ref.
HOTEL Hollenbeck, 501 Geary st., cor. Taylor—
Sunny suites and single, with board.
JESSIE, 637 — Sunny furnished room in private
family; rent $6.
JESSIE, 363, rear Fifth— Furnished rooms, $5
and $6.
KEARNY. 215 — Four furnished rooms to let;
also two front windows to let MRS. E. M.
TOBIN.
LANGTON. 20, off Howard, bet. Seventh and
Eighth— 2 furnished rooms to let.
LARKIN, 610— Two furnished rooms to let.
LASKIE, 9'/4— Furnished room; private; $3 per
month.
MARKET, 1049A— Front rooms, en suite, sin-
gle; also other rooms; telephone Howard 10S.
MARKET, 2182 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; private family; adults only; $10.
¦ »•
METROPOLE, « Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nished rooms from 50c to $2 per day.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. moi.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35e to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. . . .
SUTTER. 70S, cor. Taylor (The San Remi)—
Sunny furnished rooms, suites or single.
STOCKTON, 41 and 45 — Desirable rooms can be
had. $1 50 per week up; near all theaters.,
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. 126— Sunny furnished front room suit-
able for a gentleman. • .
TURK. 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; modern: board optional. Phone
South 422.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
fi1iyfEL~OLfvE^r^
- class family hotel; transients taken during
Presidential reception; rates $3 to $3 per day,
with board. Telephone Main 5510.
HOTEL Repclier. 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1S20 Market— Suites, 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First ct.. between Harrison and Bryant. 4
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia et.. Mission'
warm belt— Good board: fine rooms; reason-
able rates: cars pass the door. .
AT summer rates: attractive rooms;- special
table: wine dinner*. 807 California «t.
ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wants room In private • house
1 or 2 months. Box 415, Call office.
~"~~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the bests Safe,' reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall ; at drug-
glsts. Chichester Chemlfcal Co.,Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for. $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
" -415 Montgomery «t.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5580.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES;
G^E^A^F^A^^AlN^s"lN~TY?E^mT^?{s2Iw^
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone .Main 266.
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have Buffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
calves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
dan. box 1950. Call office, S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
NEW house, Just being finished; 5 rooms, bath-
room and large basement; a nice home; extra
well built; good finish ; marine view; east
side Tenth ave.. souf'j from California st. ;
lot 25x120; only $2650. W. J. GUNN, 630 Cali-
fornia st. ¦
A TRIP to Thistleton, 272 Sadowa Bt.. Ocean
View— On electric cars, 5c; level lots $100 up;
cottage $S00 up; chicken rtmch and large lot,
hothouee, barn and small cottage, $600; cheap-
est bargain In S. F.
?1750— GOOD bargain; cottage, 8 rooms, large
basement; lot 25xS0; mortgage $900 can re-
main. NW. cor. Church and Liberty Bts.
FOR sale — 'Well-constructed, modern residence,
S rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
aT BALDASSI fc»CO. t 2C6 Montgomery ave.—
Doing fair business with English. French,
Italian and Spanish speaking people.
FOR sale — 3-room house, lot and barn. 2 blocks
from car line. Apply at Mrs. B. WAGNER,
1307^ Scott st.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now, mod-
ern 10-room residence, 775 Cole st. ; open daily.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on XV. J. GUNN. E30 California Bt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. i\ per year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
BUY in Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
320 ACRES wheat or orchard land; fine im-
prvmts; will exchange for stock merchandise;
city or country. WOODMAXSEE, 632 Mrket.
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent, 719
Market st, by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
IX Palo Alto — Lots and acre tracts for sale.
H. W. BROWN. 12 Montgomery St.. S. F.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
CHICKEN RAXCH TO LET.
CHICKEN ranch to let on Chenery «t., opp.
French. J. B. LEWIS, 436 Montgomery st
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO residence for sale; the beautiful
home of WM. G. BARRETT, within 3 min-
utes' walk of depot; large modern house of
20 rooms ani 2 baths; completely furnished;
private gas works; fine well; magnificent
view of bay; large grounds, under high cul-
tlvatlon. Apply S. G. HIXDES, 330 Market.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
170 ACRES on mountains; small house, barn,
furniture, tools; good grain and pasture land;
beautiful place; exchange for lot in San
Francisco or small place In country. Box
3675. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
* Auction!
Auction!
SATURDAY, MAY 25, 190 1.
SATURDAY. MAY 25.1901.
SATURDAY, MAY 25, 1901. i
SATURDAY, MAY 25, 1901.
At Salesroom, i
003 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. j
Bv Order of the
Executor* of the Elizabeth Hutchison Estate, j
The following property must be sold to close :
the estate: . j
Business property on 14th St., between Wash-
ington and Clay; one of the best business ;
streets in Oakland; opposite the City Hall and :
the Hotel Touraine; lot 50x100, now occupied !
by the Sanborn Nursery; this is the only lot
in the business section of 14th st. that can be
had; all others are Improved.
i . zmz
Telegraph-ave. building lots; four choice lots
fronting the avenue; 43 to 60 feet frontage, 140
feet in death; the finest location on the ave-
nue; just north of 26th st. ; easy walk to train;
electric cars pass "the property.
On 26th St., near Telegraph ave.; 5 beauti-
ful building lots, 40xlCO each; on the north
Bide of Street; they get the sun all day; the
street work is all done; fine location: close to
town; between two electric car lines.
Piedmont: nearly two acres on Vernal ave.,
at the end of the car line; choicest residence
site In Piedmont; overlooks Oakland. Alameda
and San Francisco; no winds; no fogs; climate
perfect; 308 feet on the avenue by 260 feet in
depth.
Fronting Broadway, Birch or 50th St., Ver-
non or 51st st. and Diamond St.; 26 lots, as' a
whole or in subdivisions; lots 25x150 each.
¦ Claremont lots, 18 in all, frosting Claremont
ave., Hudson st.. Hardy' st. and First ave. •
fine chance to get them at your own price; in
subdivisions.
Four acres on Pleasant Valley ave., close to
the Piedmont electric line; very fine Diece of
land and will surely double In value; adjoins
the property of the Realty Syndicate.
Arrangements have been made to secure 75%
of the purchase price should loans be desired,
repayable in annual installments, interest pay-
able quarterly at the rate of 7&% per annum.
TITLES ARE PERFECT.
Abstracts and certificates of title made by
the Stocker & Holland Abstract Co. furnished
to date of sale free of expense to purchasers.
Send for Catalogues.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
303 Broadway, Oakland.
15 PER MONTH— TOTAL ONLY $1000.
Cottage of 6 rooms; sunny side; handy to San
>ablo ave.; walking distance of downtown;
treet and walks complete; snap for a home or
nvestment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
3500— IN EAST OAKLAND. — —
A bank sale; chance to get a big bargain;
legant Eastlake, seven-roomed cottage, with
11 modern Improvements and extra well built;
ot 60x150; nice garden, stone walks, etc.; sunny
.11 day; choice location; handy to school,
hurches and train: terms if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
250 CASH. $7 monthly: 4-room cottage; good
well of water, small barn, chicken shed and
run; 3 fine lots, 75x100; picket fenced; excel-
lent soli ;. charming view; best climate; near
two electric car lines; 90-foot boulevard and
model schoolhouse; away from cold winds and
fog; 90 families have located here within 3
years; price, all told, $850; call or send "for
circular, 455 Seventh et.. • Broadway Sta-
tion, Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
SEWING MACHINES/AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND ' machines all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented t2,mo. 145 Sixth st. : phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
¦ paired : open even. : phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and -Moving. Co
. office Post and Powell Bts. ; tel. Main 5713. ¦
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage ahd Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
LOVELY HOME. "~~ "¦
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality in
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-
pot; consisting of about 25 acres of best wine
grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, ' plums, etc. ; lovely cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.; also fine
winery and • cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
8841, Call office. , .
TO lease for a number of years — 320 acres fir
cattle ranch; fruit on place. Call at 117 San
t Pablo ¦' ave., Oakland. ¦ .
WINDOWS FOR PARADE.
TO rent for parade — Bay-window and elegant
furnished room; first floor; finest view to a
party; 10 or 12 persons can see; Price |25.
Inquire at 1130 Market st., room 2. £
REVIEW stand for parade; east side of Van
Ness ave., between Grove and Fulton sts. ;
seats for sale at bicycle store, 230 Van Ness.
A FEW choice seats to view the parade. In-
quire at K AST'S, 740 Market st.
WINDOWS to rent on Market st. for viewing
parade. Apply at 1 Fifth st.. room '10. 1-5.-
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND i 'Notice'.— Dividend No~21 ~\twentyT
five cents per share) of the Kilauea '. Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at tha
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Wednesday, , May 15, 1901. Transfer
books closed Wednesday, May 8, 1901 at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON.. Secretary. '
PROPOSALS.""" |
PROPOSALS for uTs. A. Trans-
port Service, Depot Quartermaster's Office,
36 New Montgomery street., San Francisco
Cal., May 13, 1901.— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be received at this office until 11
a. m., Thursday, May 23, 1901, Pacific . Stand-
ard Time, and then opened for furnishing
White LKick Aprons, White Caps, Blouses
Dark Blue Caps, Cap -Ribbons, White Duck
Hats, Working Jumpers, White Duck Jack-
ets, Lanyards, Neckerchiefs, . Dungaree
Trousers, Working \Trousers, White Duck
Trousers, Overcoats, Reefers, and Hospital
Flags. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the- duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be endorsed
"Proposals No. 4545." and addressed to
Major OSCAR F.' LONG, Quartermaster, U.
S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
TREASURY Department; Office of General Su-
perintendent U. S. Life-saving Service, Wash-
ington, D. C, May 4, 1901.— Sealed proposals
will be received at this office until 2 o'clock
p. m. of Friday, the 31st day of May, 1901,
and then publicly opened, for furnishing sup-
plies required for use of the Life-saving Ser-
vice for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1902;
the supplies to be delivered at such points In
Net? York City, Grand : Haven, Mich., and
San Francisco, Cal., as may be required,
and in the quantities named in the specifica-
tions. The supplies needed consist of Beds
and Bedding: Blocks and' Sheaves; Cordage;
Crockery; Furniture; Hardware; Lamps,
Lanterns, etc.; Lumber; Medicines, etc.;
Paints, Oils, etc.: Ship Chandlery; Stoves,
etc.; Tools and Miscellaneous Articles: all of
which are enumerated in the specifications
attached to the form of bid, etc., which may
be obtained upon application to this office,
or to the Inspector of Life-saving Stations, 17
State street. New York City; Superintendent
Twelfth Life-saving District, Grand. Haven,
Mich., and Superintendent Thirteenth Life-
saving District, New Appraisers' Stores, San
Francisco, Cal. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be addressed to the "General
Superintendent U. S. Life-saving Service,
Washington. D. C," and marked on the out-
side "Proposal for Annual Supplies." The
right Is reserved to reject any or all bids and
to waive defects, if" deemed for the interests
of the Government. S. I. KIMBALL, Gen-
eral Superintendent. - ¦ , ;
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
ye3terday:
Jacob J. Kell, 26, Milwaukee, Or.,- and Sophie
M. Sauher. 22, city/ ,-. . -
Arthur D. Mills, 28, Alameda, and Grace H.
Bocorde, 22, 131 Thirteenth street.
Rldgeway E. Zelley, 23, Washington, D. C.
and- Edith Johns, 19, Commercial Hotel.
Ernest H. Buck, 31, San Luis Obispo, and
Elizabeth G. Manley, 21, 521 Laguna street. .
Theophile Bounhol, 22, 815 Jackson street, and
Aurella Gallic. 19, 429 Sutter street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name- and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN, j
BROWN— In this city. May 13, 1901. to the
wife of W. D. Brown, a son.
GUY— In this city, May 13, 1901, to the. wife of
Gurtav Guy, a son.
JUST— In Hawards. Castro Valley, Cal., May
8, 1901, to the wife of Charles Just, a son.
PREBLE— In this city, April 25, 1901, to the
wife of Frederick I. Preble, a son.
SNELTj— In this city, May 10. 1901, to the wife
of E. H. Snell, a daughter.
M ABJtIED. ~~~'
MacCORMACK— KEEGAN— In 'this city. May
7, 1901. by the Rev. B. J. MacKinnon, Jo-
eeph P. MacCormack and Lucy A. Keegan.
TIEGELER— BEER— In this city, May 8, 1901,
Conrad Tlegeler- and Meleta C. Beer.
DIED.
Alden, Daniel W. Jewett. Mrs. J. M.
Baldwin, MI.»s Nellie Kortick. Frank .
Brayton. Albert P. Lagger, Sebastian
, Bruhns, Harry . C- MeAaron, Susie T. '
Campbell, Robert S. McNamara, James T.
Carr, Thomas P. | Martin, Mrs. Thomas
Cleland, Wm. T. W. Petersen. Capt. A. T.
Distel, Julia Ryley, Olive
Dunn, Capt. Robert I. Schafer, Peter
Gibbons, Patrick Sexton, David
Gillick, Annie Smith. Elizabeth R.
• Goldberg, Daniel ' , Snell, Grace
Grounds, Mrs. M. Spinetti, Melba •
Hagenmeyer, G. , Stoddard; Sylvester
Hamilton, Ethel M. Williams, William P.
Jakeway, May
ALDEN— Near Lafayette, Cal., May II, 1901,
Daniel W.. beloved husband of Dawn Pres-
cott Alden, a native of Montana, • aged 31
years. , \ . .
ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
his late residence, 764 Lydla street.
BALDWIN— In this eity, May 12, 1901, Miss
Nellie S. Baldwin, beloved sister of Mrs.
James M. Wrisht. . - - * '• '
CTFuneral services this day (Tuesday), at
2:30 o'clock, at her late residence/ 2812 Sac-
ramento street. Interment private.
BRAYTON— In Oakland, May 12, 1901, Albert
Paulding Brayton Jr., a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 34 years 2 months and 25 days.
C3*Funeral services this day (Tuesday), at
3 o'clock, at his late residence, 1167 Jackson
street, Oakland. Interment private.
BRUHNS— In this city. May 12, 1901, Harry
Conrad Bruhns, dearly beloved son of, C. H.
' and Johanna Fredericka Bruhns, a native. of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 11 months and
21 days. . :_
(CT-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 200 Francisco street, corner of
Dupont. Interment Odd Fellows' .Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city, May 13, 1901. Robert
8., beloved husband of Catherine Campbell,,
and father of Dugald, John G... Robert S.,
•Walter G. and David Campbell, a native. of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. -
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. "•
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. 'l
Telephone South 80. : .
JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly with McGinhn Bros, has opened ,
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
J7 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South i67.'
. IUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EHBALKEB1.
Finest Equipment -at Moderate Rates.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 6, 1901.— This is to cer-
tify that CHARLES H. JACOB has this day
in Department Ten of the Superior . Court of
the City ' and County ; of i San Francisco. Cal 1
; changed his name to CHARLES :H.J. TRU-
MAN. Signed: CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN:
Scotland, aged 53 years 3 months and 9 days.
(New Zealand papers please copy.)
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'¦'. (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from. the fam-
ily residence. 328 Missouri street, near Eight-
eenth. ,_ Interment . Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriage.
CARR— In this city, May 13, 1901, at the
parents' residence, 72 Natoma street, Thomas
P., beloved son of Thomas and Margaret
Carr, and brother' of Mary, Willie, .Hannah
and Clare Carr, a native of San Francisco,
aeed 4 months.
CLELAND— In this city, May 13, 1901, Wil-
liam T. W., beloved husband! of Minnie E.
Cleland, and. father of Agnes R. and the late
Hermoine M. Cleland, a native of Belfast,
• Ireland, aged 37 years 9 months and 2S days. "
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. ,
DISTEL— In ' Mountain View, Santa Clara
County, Cal.,' Julia, beloved daughter of Ber-
nard and Caroline Distel, and sister of Alice,
Eugene, Fanny and the late Victor Distel,
aged 12 years and 3 months.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, ; from the resl-
• dence of her parents, at Mountain View, Cal.
DUNN— In Alaska, April 8, 1901, Captain Rob-'
ert ' I. Dunn, beloved husband of Mary • G^
Dunn, a native of New York, aged 68 years.
GIBBONS— In Oakland, May 13, 1901. Patrick
' Gibbons, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Gibbons, brother-in-law of John Cloo^ '
nan and. Jeremiah Sheehan, and - uncle of
John Coyne, a native of County Galway, .Ire-
land, aged 63 years and 6 months.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter.
GILLICK— In Oakland, May 13, 1901, Annie
Gillick, beloved wife of the late Matthew: Gll-
' lick, and mother of Annie and Edward Gil-
lick and Mrs. A. Leffler, a native of Ire- ;
land, . aged 41 years and . 8 months. . • .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 615 Madison Street, thence to the
I Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:15
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. .
GOLDBERG— In this city. May 12. 1901, Daniel
¦ Goldberg, & native of Warsaw, Poland, . aged
j 75 years. ...
Q j" Friends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, be-
l tween Fifth and Sixth, thence 'by 11:30 o'clock
: train to New Salem Cemetery for Interment.
GROUNDS— In this city. May 12, 1901, Mrs.
Mamie Grounds. . beloved daughter of Cath-
erine and the late James Long, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 615 Turk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of ' her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress/ Cemetery.
HAGENMEYER— In this city. May 13, 1901,
Gebhard Hasrenmeyer, beloved brother of
Teresa S. Helgoth, a native of Germany,
aged 69 years 5 months and 13 days.
ICNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company, 2425 Mission street, near Twen-
ty-first. - •' "- ' -
HAMILTON— In this city, litay 13, 1901, Ethel
Mary, eldest daughter of John TJ and Han-
nah Hamilton, . a native of • San Francisco,
aged 3 years 5 months and 14 days. •
JAKEWAY— In this city. May 13, 1901/ May,
beloved wife of Miles jakeway. and daugh-
ter of Mrs. Charles Rossi, a native of New
York, aged 40 years 6 months and 23 days.
JEWETT-In this, city, May 12, 1901. Mrs. ;j.
M. Jewett, -mother of Mary A. Catton, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 74 years. (Boston, Mass.,-
papers pleas* Copy.) ¦•
tyFuneral services will be held this day
i (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at her late resi-
' dence, 1S26A Sutter street. . Interment prl-
. vate. Please omit flowers. .
KORTICK— In this city. May 11, 1901. Frank,
¦ beloved husband of the late Sarah Kortick,
and father of Mrs. D. A. Curtln. Thomas
H., Frank J. and John C. Kortick and Sister
1 Augustine and the late Mrs. J. - Harrington
I and Mrs. S. Macdonald, a native of Vienna,
: Austria, aged 70 years 6 months and 26 days.
(Chicago, 111., papers please copy.-) - ..
[C5*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30. o'clock, from his late resl-
¦ dence, 3556 Twenty-third street, corner Guer-
rero, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
solemn requiem masts will be celebrated for
- the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery via
; electric funeral car from Thirtieth street and
San Jose avenue.
LAGGER— In this city, May 12. 1901, Sebastian
Lagger, dearly beloved brother of Caesar
| Lagger, Mrs. John Bacher, Mrs. Baptist
Hlschier. Mrs. John Latscha and Stefan and
Clementine Lagger. a native of Munster,
Canton Wallls, Switzerland, aged 35 years 9
months and 5 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, • from the parlors
of the Gantn'er & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's. Church,
Golden Gate avenue, '-near Jones street;- for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage. . •
Me AARON— In this city. May 13. 1901. Susie
T., beloved wife of Owen MeAaron,- beloved
* mother of Anita MeAaron, daughter of Annie
and the late Patrick McGinnls, and sister of
Mcllie C. McGinnis, a native of San Fran-
cisco. . * ' : : - '•¦** •". ¦:¦-¦' :
1CT Notice of funeral hereafter. ¦•*";¦"-
McNAMARA— In this city. May 13, 1901, 'James
T., beloved husband of Florence McNamara.
and father . of Matthew, Annie. .Walter and
Florence McNamara and Mrs. Alice Kellher,
a native of Montezuma, N. Y., aged 40 years
and 11 months. V
,MARTIN— A month's mind requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of thp soul
of Mrs. Thomas Martin at St. Dominic's
Church, Bush and Steiner streets, to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock.' Friends are in-
vited.
PETERSEN— In this city, May 11, 1901, Cap-
i tain Axel Thorvald Petersen. beloved hus-
band of Ethel" Petersen (nee Day), a native
of Aarhus, Denmark, aged 25 years 8 months
and 18 days. A member of Steamship Mas-
• ters' and Pilot Harbor No. 15.* Shipmasters'
Protective Association, and Helga No. 3,
Dania. ' - • .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from ithe residence
of Mrs. F. Day. 836 Greenwich street, be-
tween Mason and Taylor. Interment at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
RYLEY— In this city. May 13. 1901, Olive,
daughter of Ralph M. and Elsie Ryley, a
native of San Francisco, aged 7 days.
SCHAFER— In the City and County Hospital.
May 12, 1901, Peter Schafer, a native of New
York, azed 46 years.
SEXTON— In this city. May 13, 1901, David,
beloved husband of Margaret Sexton, and
brother of Dennis and Patrick Sexton, a na-
' tlve of Ashford,' County Limerick, I Ireland,
aeed 51 years. • " .
SMITH-Ih this city. May 12, 1901. Elizabeth
Rudolph Smith, dearly beloved wife of Cap-
tain Edward Smith, and mother of Ave. C.
Smith, a native of Hesse-Caaael, Germany,
aged 45 years and 20 days. (Merldan, Conn.,
papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by carriage. •
SNELL— In this city. May 11," 1901, Grace, In-
fant daughter of Millie and Edwin Snell.
SPINETTI— In this city. May 12. 1901, Melba
Spinetti, beloved daughter of Michael L. and
Annie Spinetti. a native of San Fraricisco;
aged lKmOnthS and 8 days.
[ET'The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1712 Stockton street. Interment
. Italian Cemetery. i . ' ¦¦
BTODDARD— In the City and County Hospital,
May 13, 1901, Sylvester Stoddard, a native of
Maine, aged 53 years.
WILLIAMS— In this city, May 10, 1901, Wil-
liam P., beloved husband of Maggie M.
Williams, father of Willie and Robert Wil-
liams, and brother of John Williams, a na-
tive of Wales, aged 45 years.
¦ m7"Frlehds and ; acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden. Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OCEAN TBAVEL
"NOME/
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin* etc,
S. S. VALENCIA,
CHARLES GRAHAM. Master.
Will Leave SAN FRANCISCO,
MAY 25, 1901,
And Seattle
MAY 30, 19O1.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
30 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way. Seattle.
Golofnin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller Xity.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGGIN3. Master.)
Leaves Sao Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passage or .freight rates call or address
H. R. DUFFIN, Agent.
¦ 63S Market Street, opp: Palace Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To • Valparaiso, ¦ stopping at Mexican, Central
and ' South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street Wharf. 12 m.
GUATEMALA .May 171 LO A June* 12
PALENA May 30ITUCAPEL June 27
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and .South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
TO SEATTLE.
NORTH AMERICAN TRANSPORTATION
AND TRADING CO.'S ELEGANT /STEEL
S. S. ROANOKE ;
SAILS FROM SAN FRANCISCO MAY 17TH.
¦ FARE TO SEATTLE.
First-class, $12.00. . Second-class, 17.00. .
' For tickets and freight rates apply'
-UNION TICKET OFFICE,
.'-- '" ' - 630 Market street.
COMPAGNIB ' GBNERALE TEAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ****,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <*w ft*Wk
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, •~»»S?R
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre, " S53 and upward. - Second S class to
Havre, M5 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED . STATES • and » CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York: J. F
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, a Mont-
pomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad .Ticket Asents. ' ¦% '
- OCEA2T TBAVEL.
.Pacific . Coast. Steamship Co.
ftew. * ' " FOR
m nome
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will San \
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattl* with the Company** Naw
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
Fop Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
. The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to .arrt-re there.
landing all her passengers and freight -without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Arts..
£ 10 Market street ¦
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leave Broadway
1 Wfc ; ¦ Wharf, San Francisco:
Krjw-- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
Bfyg&t May I. 6. 11. 18. 21. 26. 31.
»©*K5fcS^ June 5. Change to company's
; »3k S*y«\§!ird steamers at Seattle.
KggSaSSjan For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
1 MmMjT^TiLai C.), Port Townaend, Seattle.
i f^^HHraDJ facoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m... May 1. «. 11. 16, 21.
28, 31, June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry* ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
May 3. 8. 13. »1S, 23, 28. June 2 (M p. m.), anJ
every fifth day thereafter.
For San. Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Step.mer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura. ' Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro, ('Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita, Tuesdays.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to changa
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — J New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agents.
y 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May 13, 23. June J, 12
SS. GEO. W. ELDER.Sails May 3. 18, 28, June 1
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
1 Montgomery st.. S. T.
WILD GOOSE MINING AND TRAD-
ING COMPANT.
Passenger and Freight Steamer
CHAS. D. LANE.
NOME
TELLER, GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR-
ENCE. ETC.
SAILS JUNE 1.
Superior First and Second Class Pas-
senger Accommodations.
B0 Tons Cold Storage Capacity.
This company owns the most success-
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring
safe discharge of all freight; also owns
and operates the Wild Gooee Ry.
Heavy Machinery, Barges, Etc.. Taken.
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO., 667 Market st.
NOBTDERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
. And All Points on Yukon Riyer.
Sailing Dates Subject to Change.
From San Francisco. From Seattle.
May 25 S. S. "PORTLAND .......:
Junel:.., S. S. "ST. PAUL" June 3
May 25 »S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
•"CONEMAUGH" carries freight and live
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANT.
310 Sansome st., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. xn.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
flay of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. 191t
8S HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June 22. 1901
SS. NIPPON MaRU.. Wednesday. July 17, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twln-ScreW Express Service-
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
A. VICTORIA MAY 23. 10 A. Al.
Columbia May 3<>|Deut!«chland ...June M
F. Bismarck June 6[A. Victoria. June 20
Twin-Screw Pass«nqsr Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Pretoria May 23 1 Patricia June *
•Phoenicia June llWaldersee June 15
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
rfamburq-Amerlcar) Line, 37 B'way. N- Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California st.
oeeanics.s.co. »-;?,;«--•
S3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. May IS. 10«. ra.
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
. New Zealand and Australia
\ Thursday. May 30, 10 a. m,
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
• j... Sunday, June 30, at 4 p. m.
J, D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Baneral Agents. 327 Hartst St
Sen'l Passenger Offia, 643 HMst St., Pier la. 7, Pacific St
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOBK. SCtTTHAMPTOS. L0ND0H, PABia.
Stopping, at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
St. Paul..... May 291 St Louis June 24
Bt. Louis June 5 St. Paul July 10
St. Paul...: June 13' St. Louis' July 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York. and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Pennland May 22 Friesland June 13
Kensington .....May 29 Southwark June 1»
Zeeland June S Vaderland June M
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHAa D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
'PANAMA B. R.^*^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $ 105; Steerage. 940.
8. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, Juno 3
9. 8. Argyll sails Monday, dune 24
S. S. Lee'anaw sails Monrlny, July IS
From Fremont-street Wharf at ! p. m.
-Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FoTuTTiSmiAED AND^YALLiE
Steamer " Montlcello."
|if ON.. TUES.. WED., THURS. AND BAT.
l"at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
3a-.- night); Fridays. 1 p. m. and 9:30; Sundays.
10:30 a. m.. 8 p. m. Landing and office, Ml3-
sion-st Dock. Pier No. 3. Telephone Mala 1503.many members who were not up to tho
standard. It is the intention of this con
vention to bring about a different state of
things. New by-laws will be adopted and
a general reorganization of, the order will
be attempted.
is prominently mentioned for the office of
grand worthy president of the order, and
Ahere seems to be every likelihood that he
will be elected to the high office to which
he aspires. Del Cary Smith of Spokane
is the only other candidate in the field.
Prominent Eagles Here to Attend the v AnnuaI Session ofthe Order.
Important Questions to be Presented to and Decided by the
Members— The Candidates for Grand Worthy President
DELEGATES TO THE GRAND AERIE
WILL MEET IN CONVENTION TO-DAY
JUDGE ARTHUR H. NOYES.
Thomas J. Geary and United States
District Attorney Joseph K. Woods
are In danger of finding them
selves behind prison bars on ac
count of I their acts in Alaska. Ex-Re
ceiver Alexander McKenzie, who was ap
pointed by Judge Noyes in July, 1300, to
take charge of and work certain mining
claims In the Nome district, is now serv
ing out a sentence of one year in the Ala
meda County Jail. Dudley Dubose will be
brought down from Nome as soon as the
ice breaks up and navigation is open to
cerve six. months in the same institution.
Yesterday Mr. Madison, representing At
torney E. S. Pillsbury, filed affidavits In
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals before Judges Gilbert, Ross, Mor
row and Hawley concerning Judge Noyes
and Thomas J. Geary. An affidavit re
lating to United States Attorney Joseph
K. Woods will be filed In a day or two.
In the proceedings begun yesterday At
torney Pillsbury represents Erik O. Lind-
EASTERN MEN PROMINENT
IN THE COUNCILS OF THE
EAGLES.
TWO MEN WHO MAY BE PUN
ISHED FOR CONTEMPT OF
COURT.
Sherith Israel, Post and Taylor streets,
Friday, May 24; will receive tho mtba
afternoon from 2 to 5.
Dr. Winslow Anderson and Mrs. Ander
son, who have been paying a. visit to
some friends in Victoria, B. C, have re
turned home. •¦¦ -\
• '. ;• -¦ •
Mrs. • Caro and daughters of McAllister
street have gone to Santa Cruz on a visit.
Miss Sarah Lubsph has gone to Los An
geles for the summer. -
Miss Birdie Appleton, Miss' Bessie Bow
en and Miss Alice Rosenthal of San Diego
are visiting friends in San Jose.
• * *
Gus Stark of New York is hers visiting
his • brother. Cantor E. ¦ J. Stark, at 2029
Pierce street. • •
• ... ¦ • . • -
.illss, M. E. Jaqulllard and the Misses
Redell have taken the Bates cottage in
Mill Valley for the summer months.
- : .. • <^ • ;- •
Miss Alice Powers and Miss Jennie Mc-
Knight have gone to Sari Mateo to apend
the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. H.'L. Young of 801 O'Far
rell street announce the confirmation of
; their daughter Eva iat r the congregation
An at home will be given at the resi
dence of Mrs. T. J. Klrby, 528 Noe street,
on Thursday, May 16, In aid of the Church
of the Most Holy Redeemer, under the
auspices of Holy Spirit booth. There will
be a musical programme and ice cream
and cake will. be served. Mrs. Kirby will
be assisted in receiving by Mrs. 'Hand,
Mrs. Halpin, Mrs. Quinn, Mrs. Metrovich
Mrs. M. Tiernoy, " Miss McGrill, Miss
Quinn, Miss Kelley, Mrs. Fahey, Miss
Klerce, Mrs. Ryan, Mrs. L. Tierney, Mrs
Smith, Mrs. Mallon and Mrs. Fay.
The responses were very witty and en
tertaining, and the whole affair was most
enjoyable. .
"The Past." Mrs. D. Dalton: "The Up-to-
Date Woman," Mrs* Clare O. Southard: "Our
Grandmothers,"' Mrs. ' H.- U. Stevens; "Cob
weba," Miss Ruth Mitchell; "The Optimist."
Mrs. John Wagner; '.'The Pessimist," Mrs. N.
H. Martin: "The Present." Mrs. Robert M.
Lellan; ."The • Stranger' Within Gates,"
Mrs. G. H. Falrchild; "Idiosyncrasies," Mrs.
W. McManus; "The Bachelor Maid." Miss Jen
nlo Partridge; «"Ghosts," Mrs. J. K. C. Hobbs;
"Ullam Rem Veterem." Mrs. Mary G. Foster;
"The Future," Mrs.' A. ' L. Barry.
The Corona Club held its annual break
fast at Mission Masonic Hall on Tuesday.
The banquet- room was decorated with
pink blossoms and trailing grasses. The
tables were decorated with magnificent
La • France and . Duchess roses. Mrs.
Frank Dalton presided In her usual happy
way. -Mrs.-E. G. Denniston made an ad
mirable toastmaster, and the incoming
president, Mrs. Annie Steele Barry, re
sponded to her toast with her accustomed
felicity. The following toasts were given:
Charles Hammond,' Harold Meads, Harry
Campion, " Herbert • Stoddard. Edwin Bothwell.
Roy Price. George Bothwell. Fred Blxby and
Garnet Bothwell; the Misses Frances Cham
pion, Charlotte Clark. Alice White, Nancy Mc-
Donald, Blanche Fry, Lottie Reed. Gola Fry.
Estella Hajisen. Mattie Pelton, Nellie Meads
and Mrs. Tucker. ' -"- ' -¦;-¦.¦
A birthday party was given by Dr. and
Mrs. F. E. Pierce in honor of the twenty
first birthday of their nephew, James W.
Pierce Jr.,' on Wednesday evening. A very
pleasant evening was spent. James Pierce
played several piano • solos and later ac
companied Charles Hammond, who sang
several "classic selections,- which were re
ceived with, prolonged applause. The Rev.
Mr. Wheat gave a short series of read
ings from James Whitcomb Riley's works.
Light refreshments were served. Those
present were: ...
The members of the Twentieth Century
"Whist Club were delightfully entertained
at luncheon at the beautiful home of Mrs.
Roylance, on Folsom street, last Wednes
day. The hostesses were Mrs. Roylance,
Mrs. Henry and Mrs. Cockburn. This 13
the second of a seriejs of four luncheons
that the dub will give its members dur
ing the year. - . ' -
LUNCHEONS AND
SOCIETY GOSSIP
Are the model furnished flats, corner Oak
and Cole streets, all complete with car
pets, furniture and beautiful . draperies.
The fiats ore for rent and the furnishings
for Bale, Open to visitors every day from
10 till 12 and 2 till 5 o'clock; evenings by
appointment. No children, but bring along
rour friends from the country. •
Of Interest to June Brides
George .Young, 739 Guerrero street, ap
peared in Judge Fritz's court yesterday
on the charge of petty larceny for steal
ing papers from residences on Guerrero
street Sunday morning.- He pleaded that
he, was under the influence of liquor at the
time and took the papers to play news
boy. The Judge ; continued the case till
to-day and meantime Young remains in,
Newspaper Thief in Court.
The programme "of the day consisted of a 100-yard dash, won by W. K. Reed;
an exhibition of ,. first class gymnasium ; work by a number of the younger boys
a. tennis. tournament for a trophy cup, won by R, B.-Splivalo, and shot put, won
by .G.jHaas. -Agood lunch was weir served' by , the boys . at • 1 o'clock. . In the
evening the largest dancing • party ever'given by/ the- school was made up of
the boys of the school and their, particular friends, ', the young ladles from Cas
tllleja Hall and students and professors of Stanford University.. Refreshments
were, served and everybody. voted: the class of 1901' a success. - The graduating
class is composed of W. K. Reed, R. B. ¦ Splivalo and G. Haa3
The largest gathering and' the most successful class day in its , history took
place at Hoitt's School last Saturday/. It was one of Menlo ' Park's : most i balmy
days and the people .who left v the foggy and rainy city in the morning were de
lighted to step from the cars into .the charming sunshine.
KNOWLTON HEBE
OUT ON BAIL
Sisters of Accused Man
Come to His Rescue
With Money.
" Major Joseph Knowlton was brought
from "Watsonville by Detective O'Dea yes
terday morning and booked at the City
Prison on the charge of felony embezzle
ment preferred against him by his broth
er-in-law, James H. Doolittle of the St.
Nicholas Hotel. Knowlton was accom
panied by his two sisters, Mrs. Lucy B.
Card of Watsonville and Mrs. Abby B.
Peterson of Santa Cruz, and they quali
fied on a bond for $2000 for his release,
which was accepted by Judge Mogan. The
property offered as security is situated on
Main street. Watsonville. and is valued
at over $10,000. Knowlton was promptly
released and left the prison with, his-sis
ters.' - ¦
Knowlton declined. to make a statement
as he had not consulted an attorney. "It
is only a domestic affair," he said, "and
I expect it will all be straightened out
this afternoon or to-morrow." It is un
derstood that if the case goes to trial
Knowlton will engage the services of At
torney George A. Knight to defend him.
LOCAL BREVITIES.
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY.— Samuel V.
Brown, a: clerk, San Francisco, filed a petition
In Insolvency yesterday. In the United States
District Court. He owes $1994 72 and has no
assets. ' ¦ ' ¦ .. .•!>-' '•¦ . ,¦¦¦'._
CHARGE NOT SUSTAINED.— The charge of
burglary against Rose Finley was dismissed by
Judge Mogan yesterday on the ground that
there was no evidence to sustain it. She was
accused of stealing $117, a diamond pin and a
revolver from .the room of p'red . F. Buhr, 310
Ellis street, last Wednesday night. : . ¦
COLONEL DICKEY'S WILL— The will* of
Colonel James R. Dickey, who died on the 6th
inst., was filed for probate yesterday. • Deced
ent 'bequeaths' his entire estate to his son,
James Frank Dickey, who has long managed
his father's business.- The will was executed
November 21, 1900, and was witnessed by
Charles H. Hanlon and William G.. Cousins.
' CAUGHT STEALING - LEAD.— James Con
nolly was arrested by Officers David Sullivan
and Pat Perry at the Stauffer Chemical Works
on Alameda and Utah streets yesterday. Con
nelly, with another, man who so far has evaded
the vigilance of the officers. • have been steal
ing lead from the company's works for some
time. past. Connelly was- caught on the in
side of the fence passing out the stolen plun
der to his companion. . •
Delightful Ocean Trips.
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen, Bailing
every Sunday and "Wednesday for;- San
Diego stopping only at Santa Barbara and
Los Angeles ports. Improved service; low
rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery . street, under
Palace Hotel.
Has Returned Home.
Mr. and. Mrs. M.H.de Young have re
turned from Europe.
GLASS DAY AT HOITT'S SCHOOL.
After listening to a dozen protestants,
who called attention to the fact that the
signers of the petition to have the im
provement effected owned no property in
the block to be graded, Secretary Park ad
vised that the protest be reduced to writ-
Ing, which the protestants promised to
do at once. . •
The publication in Sunday's Call' of -the
proposed Intention of the Board of
Works to create an assessment district
for the purpose of opening and grading
Buchanan street, between Thirteenth and
Hermann, caused a number of property
owners In the immediate vicinity of the
block to make a vigorous protest against
assessing any but the property owners
along the line of* the improvement.
All day yesterday Secretary Leo Park
was' besieged by taxpayers, who, while
they favor jthe opening of the street, con
tend that the work should be paid for
by assessing the frontage on the block
itself. . c,-; v.tu >
Street Should Be Paid For by
Those Benefited.
OPPOSE CREATION OF
ASSESSMENT DISTBICT
Taxpayers Say Opening of Buchanan
The affidavits are very voluminous a%d
circumstantial. The court took the matter
under advisement and will consider the
complaints together. The basis of all the
proceedings is contempt of court.
That on the 16th day of September, 1900 said
Arthur H. Noyes stated to T. J. Geary that the
only order which he, eaid Arthur H. Noyes,
could make In said cases was one staying pro
ceedings, "leaving that property" (referring to
the gold dust aforesaid) "where it was."
That on the same day, to wit: Sunday the
16th day of September, 1900, said Arthur H
Noyes stated to Geary, aa attorney for said
McKenzle. that said McKenzle "should turn
over the mines and surrender them" (referring
to the mines described in the complaints in
said- actions) "but should retain the gold dust"
(referring to the gold dust hereinbefore men
tioned). • • • . ¦
The records herein further show that on the
loth day of September, 1900, said Arthur H.
NoyeSj In the presence of T. J. Geary, stated
to said C. L.. Vawter. Marshal as aforesaid to
"go ahead and keep possession of the gold dust,
and do not let McKenzie or any of the par
ties go near it." That at the same time Ar
thur H. Noyes said, in the presence of said
Geary, that he, said Noyes, did not think the
order appointing McKenzie receiver was an
appealable order, but that assuming it was
the only supersedeas that 1 could be effec
tive was the one staying proceedings, and that
on the record as it was there»was no Justifi
cation for defendants demanding the return
of the property and that the property (mean
ing the gold dust hereinbefore referred tb)
should be held to meet the final Judgment of
said District Court. > "
Gold Dust Safely Held.
That, in and by an affidavit made by said
Vawter. in the said contempt proceedings, it
further appears that on the loth day of Sep
tember. 1900, he . was ordered by said Arthur
H. Noyes to go to the safe deposit building,
and to place. a' guard over. the vaults used by
McKenzie and not to allow any one, especially
McKenzle and the parties Interested, to have
access to the boxes in which the gold and
gold dust so held by said McKenzie was so con
tained until the further order of 6ald District
Court.
McKenzle In contempt proceedings growing out
of said cases, It appears that tho said Arthur.
H. Noyes ordered and directed the ' United
States Marshal for the District of Alaska to
take possession of the portion of said vaults
containing the gold and gold dust held by said
McKenzle as receiver, place a guard over it,
and not permit said McKenzie access to said
vaults.
The programme, aside "from addresses
on the different departments of horticult
ure. Includes readings and musical selec
tions. The congress will continue for
three days and exercises will be held both
mornings and afternoons. An extra ses
eion will also be held on Wednesday
evening. Some of those who have been
selected to speak on subjects of floricult
ure in regard to which they are particu
larly well informed, are Professor Vol
ney Rattan of San Jose. Professor Charles
H. Shinn and Professor K. J. Wickson of
the University of California, Professor W.
R. Dudley and President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford University. Professor
Josiah Keep of Mills College, Professor J.
G. Leramon of Oakland and President
Joseph Stubbs of tfco University of Ne
vada.
The Pacific States Floral Congress, un
der the auspices of the California State
Floral Society, opens at the Academy of
Sciences building to-day. Elaborate prep
arations have been made for the event
and especiaj attention has been directed
to the matter of securing speakers.
Musical Exercises and Addresses
by Prominent Speakers.
Session Commences To-Day With
It is also averred that complainanfc is
Informed and believes, and eo alleges, the
conduct of said Thomas J. . Geary as de-
PREPARATIONS COMPLETED
FOB FLORAL CONGRESS
The affidavit of P." H. Anderson recites
the appointment of McKenzie as receiver
In the suits of Melslng vs. Tornanses,
Rogers vs. Kjellman. Comtols vs. Ander-
Bon and Chipps vs. Lindeberg et al., the
action of Judge Koyes, the writ of super
pedeas-issued hy Judge Morrow and the
dexna/sd made upon McKenzle for the sur
render of the pold dust. Then it is alleged
thaf-Thomas J. Geary advised McKenzie
that the only supersedeas which could is
sue In sa5d actions was one directing and
staying further proceedings, leaving the
property in the condition in which it was
at the time the writ was issued, and-ex
pressly advised McKenzle not to turn over
said gold dust, or any part thereof, to the
defendants : that Judge Koyes' orders
were not appealable, and for that reason
McKenzie should not obey the writ of su
persedeas of Judge Morrow, which was
void. The allegation is also made that
Geary advised McKenzie not to obey the
order of Judge Morrow directing the en
forcement of the writ of supersedeas.
Anderson Also Accuses.
Complainant charges that the -conduct
of said Arthur H. Xoyes after the ap
pointment of the receiver was for the
purpose of interfering with and prevent
ing the enforcement of eaid writ of super
sedeas and rendering the same nugatory
and ineffectual.
blom and P. H. Anderson. The papers
filed set forth many interesting allega
tions tending to show an unparalleled se
ries of occurrences.
Lindblom Makes Affidavit.
The affidavit of Erik O. Lindblom re
cites the appointment by United States
District Judge Arthur H. Koyes of Alex
ander McKenzie <jn July 23, 1900, as re
ceiver of the property in the suit of
Chipps vs. Lindeberg et al.. and the issu
ance of the writs of supersedeas by
fnited States Circuit Judge Morrow, act
ing in his capacity as «. member of the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals,
commanding Noyes to desist from any
further proceedings on account of s.ald
orders, and also commanding McKenzie
to restore to the defendants in the several
suits all property which McKenzie held
as receiver. The allegation is made that
McKenzie refused to obey the writ and to
surrender $200,000 worth of gold dust, or
.any part thereof, to the defendants, and
that Judge Noyes declined to make an or
der directing the enforcement of the writ
of supersedeas, and declared that the or
der appointing the receiver was not ap
pealable and that the defendants were
not entitled to an appeal.
The further allegation is made that on
September 15, 1900, Judge Noyes gave in
structions to C. L. Vawter, United States
Marshal for thai district, to place a guard
over the vaults containing the gold dust
mentioned and to prevent access to the
vaults, especially by McKenzie, and that
Judge Noyes on that occasion said to
Vawter in the presence of Thomas J.
Geary, "Go ahead and keep possession of
the gold dust, and do not let McKenzie
or any of the parties go near it." ¦
It is further alleged that on the' suc
ceeding day Judge Noyes said to Thomas
J. Geary that McKenzle should turn over
the mines and surrender them, but should
retain the gold dust.
The most -important document was the
testimony of Alfred Musgrave, one of the
registrars of the principal Probate Regis
try of the High Court of Justice, London,
taken before Sir F. Lushlngton, Chief
Magistrate of the Police Courts of Lon
don. It was in effect that the form of
grant u«ed by Cooper was totally different
to any grant of probate or administration
made in that country, and there was no
jurisdiction to issue probate or adminis
tration except from the Principal and Dis
trict Probate Registers. In all cases seals
were attached to the grants: they were
large seals of impressions on wax. There
was no Probate Judge named "James E.
Bowman," and the judges did not sit at
Somerset. The Chancery Division of the
High Court had no jurisdiction to grant
probate or administration. All grants
were made on parchment paper. The
stamps and seals used by Cooper were not
of any Btamps or seals used in the Pro
bate Division of the High Court of Jus
tice. .'>-¦:"¦ ' ;.¦••¦-. :¦- ¦•¦•¦'>:
Captain of Detectives Seymour receiv
ed from the State Department at Wash
ington yesterday the correspondence that
had passed between the department and
Embassador Choate, at London, and be
tween the Embassador and the British
Foreign Office, as to the seal of the "High
Court of Chancery" used by "Sir" Harry
"Westwood Cooper on the ajleged will of
Miss Adelaide Chadwlck to hoodwink the
people of Crockett as to. his wealth. ' •
COOPER'S PROBATE SEAL
"WAS HIS OWN DEVICE
Ordered Vault Guarded. ¦
That on said 15th day of September, 1900, the
said Arthur H. Noyes gave instructions. to one
C. L. Vawter, who was then United States
Marshal for said district, to place a guard
over the vaults containing said gold dust which
had been so taken by said McKenzle from said
mines described in the complaints In . said ac
tions, and to prevent access thereto by. any
person. That the object of said order, as com
plainant is Informed and believes, was to de
feat the execution of said writ of supersedeas.
That in and by an affidavit made by said
That on the 14th day of September, 1900,
certified copies of said order allowing said
appeal In eome of said cases, with other
papers and the said writs of 6upersedeas In
all of said cases, were filed in the office of
the clerk of the said District Court, and a
certified copy of said writ of supersedeas was
served upon the said ,Arthur H. Noyes and
also upon the eaid Alexander McKenzie in the
cases hereinbefore mentioned, and at the same
time demand was made upon said Alexander
McKenzie that he return to the defendants in
said actions the gold and gold dust which he
had taken from the claims described In the
complaints in said actions, which said gold
dust so taken by said McKenzie from said
claims and then in his possession was of the
value of about $200,000. That said McKenzie
refused to deliver said gold dust, or any part
thereof, to the defendants in said actions, or
either of them, and refused to comply with
said- writ of supersedeas; whereupon applica
tion was made by the defendants, ' through
their counsel, to the said Arthur H. Noyets
for an order directing the enforcement of the
writ of supersedeas issued by this court. That
said Arthur H. Noyes then and there declined
to make said order, saying that the matter
was out of his hands. That on the 15th day
of September, 1900, the defendants in said ac
tions, through their counsel, again requested
said Arthur H. ,Noyes to make an order direct
ing the enforcement of said writ of super
sedeas, but the said Noyes then . and there
stated and declared that the order appointing
the receiver was not appealable, and that the
defendants were net entitled to an. appeal. -
Held the Gold Dust.
In the affidavit of Lindblom the follow
ing constitutes an interesting part of the
text:
That immediately after said orders had been
made by Judge Noyes, said McKenzle dis
possessed defendants respectively of the placer
claims described In the complaints In said ac
tions, and taking possession of 6ald mines,
worked the same, extracting gold <Joat tirere
from of the value of more than one hundred
thousand dollars ($100,000). That after said
orders were made the defendants In each of
the cases presented to said Arthur H. Noyes,
Judge of said court, and to the said court,- a
petition for the allowance of an appeal from
said order, together with an undertaking on
appeal and an assignment of errors; but the
said Arthur H. Noyes refused to grant 6ald
petition or to allow an appeal from any of
said orders.
That thereafter, on the 23th day of August.
1900, the Honorable W. W. Morrow, one of
the Judges of this court, made orders allow
ing appeals in the said cases, and directing
that writs of supersedeas should issue therein
out of this court, directed to the said Alex
ander McKenzle and the said Arthur H. Noyes,
commanding said Noyes to desist from any
further proceedings on account of said orders,
and commanding said McKenzie to restore to
the defendants in said actions all ' property
which the said McKenzle had taken or re
ceived as receiver.
Some Interesting Charges.
scribed was for the purpose of interfering
with and preventing the enforcement of
the writ of supersedeas and rendering the
same ineffectual.
• Denver, : Minneapolis and Atlantic City
have sent strong delegations to the con
vention, who will make every effort to se
cure the next session of the Grand Aerie
for their respective- cities.
Dr. J. B. Schwatka of Baltimore, Md.,
THE Grand Aerie, Fraternal Order
of Eagles, will convene in Pioneer
Hall this morning at 10 o'clock.
More than a hundred delegates,
representing various branches of
the order in this country, will sit in con
vention. Everything is in readiness for
the session. The hall has been tatstefully
decorated by the local Eagles. Emblems
of the, order, potted plants and flowers
have been used profusely in beautifying
the hall.
H. R. Littlefield, grand worthy president
of the organization, will call the conven
tion to order. Committees on credentials
will be appointed and will report in the
afternoon. It is not expected that much
business will be transacted the first day.
In the evening there will be a general re
ception by San Francisco Eagles at the
hall to the grand officers, delegates and
vfliting members. An excellent literary
programme has been arranged and re
freshments will be served.
A. C. Berthier, ex-Recorder of this city,
Is chairman of the committee on reception
and entertainment. He was busily en
gaged yesterday receving delegates and
making them feel at home and presenting
them with suitable badges.
One of the leading members of the order
said "yesterday that there was j a feeling
among Eagles all over the country to
place the order on a much better footing
than it has been in the past. The rapid
growth of the organization, he said, liad^
brought about the admission of a great
He is not making a strong fight for tfc©
office, but has the support of a large dele
gation from the "Western States.
Dr. . Schwatka is a cousin of th© late
Lieutenant Schwatka, the famous Arctic
explorer. He Is at present Sheriff of Bal
timore and Is spoken of as a coming can
didate for Mayor of that city. The doctor
was a Congressional candidate in 1893* and
was defeated by 122 votes. He is presi
dent of the Maryland Medical College- and
was elected Sheriff two years ago by tho
Democrats of his city by 90,000 majority.
He is a past president of Baltimore No. aD,
F. O. E.
Among the distinguished members of the
organization attending the Grand Aerie
are John J. Fitzgerald. Mayor of Paw
tucket, R. L; John E. Sheehan, president
of the Illustrated Police News, and Lyme
N. Hugglns of Kammerer, Wyo. Mayor
Fitzgerald has the distinction of being
cne of the youngest city executives In the
United States. He Is 29 years of age and
says he is at the head of the best city
created by the Omnipotent power and im
proved by man. He has been offered a
number of high honors In the Fraternal
Order of Eagles, but has refused them.
He Is extremely popular with the mem
bers and came to this city on a pleasure
tour. Mr. Sheehan is past president of
Aerie No. 43 of Boston. He served two
terms as president and was Instrumental
in advancing the order in the extreme
East. He is a member of the advisory
board of the typographical union and is
past president of the Neptune Athletic
Association. He is the accredited delega la
for the State of Massachusetts.
The Journeymen Horseshoers' Union
has indorsed the stand taken* by
the Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance and the
various -branches of the carriage workers'
trade now out on strike. The action of
the master horseshoers in refusing to
shoe the horses of the union hackmen
was condemned.
Horseshoers Sympathize.
Poultry Pickers Meet.
The Poultry and Game Dressers' Union
last night elected the following named
officers: . '- •' ¦>. .
i ... . i
President, George Meyers; vice president,
John Goss; treasurer, ,- Edward Caroslo; finan
cial ¦ secretary. Emanuel Campagno; recording
secretary ,i Thomas Collas; sergeant-at-arms,
Harry Dwyer.
Mr. Pierce is not an organizer; he is a dis
turber, interloper and meddler. He has tried
hard to disrupt and ruin some of the best
•labor organizations in existence; he has prom
ised to put the Building Trades Council out of
business; he has attacked the United Brother
hood of Railway Employes and most shame
fully abused Its officers; and he it was who
urged the machinists of the Union Iron Worka
to "cinch the Scotts" by striking some three
weeks ago and preventirg- the launching of the
Ohio If the demands were not acceded to; and
it was this man Pierce who, on the • same
occasion so ardently expressed the hope that
President McKinley and Irving M. Scott would
be the only persons present at the launching
of the battleship Ohio. But such expressions
and actions. do not represent the sentiment of
the organized workingmen of San Francisco.
It Is a strange and foreign voice that repre
sents nobody and which has absolutely nothing
to lose. The organized mechanics of this city
are '¦ as loyal and patriotic as the best Ameri
can citizen In any community. True trades
unionism marching behind the stars and stripes
should not be confused with the Plercean
product that wabbles behind the red flag and
keeps timp to the funeral march.
No action was taken yesterday by the
executive! committee of the San Francisco
Labor Council in the matter of a, general
boycott placed in their hands • at : the
meeting \|held on Friday' night: in fact,
the conditions, legal and otherwise, that
confront I them, are such that they are
compelled to make haste slowly.
Most of the blame for this unwise labor dis
turbance when traced, down to Its original
source falls on the head of Jefferson, p. Pierce,
who througrh Irony of fate holds a commission
from Samuel Gompers, president of the Ameri
can Federation of -tabor, as "general organ
izer." Mr. -Pierce came to San Francisco in
January last, ; and as he had drawn down a
stipend from the Federation of $410 for hia
organizing: expenses In Los Angeles during the
month of December, "he just took a ; little
much-needed rest," and then proceeded to recite
his stereotyped speeches for the benefit ¦ of the
workingmen of the city at a rate of $10 per
charter. It was. easy. Restaurant employes
and other miscellaneous trades all sent for
charters — that magical Instrument which ac
cording to Pierce can in less than twenty-four
hours radically change economic conditions
that have existed for several decades. . Higher
wages, shorter hours, stringent regulations,
immediately when the charter arrives — all
these Plereean promises for $10 only; It was
cheap',' and the roll of the embryo thing, which
was so erringly called a union, swelled Into
thousands, and the head' of the man of many
promises swelled also. His first attempt to
deliver the goods took place on the first of
May, and, of course, resulted in a failure.
The effect of this failure Is what may prove
disastrous to both the unions and the indus
tries of San Francisco.
Two bodies of organized labor unions
covering different fields of action, practi
cally control the labor mart. One is the
Building Trades Council and the other
the San Francisco Labor Council. Be
tween the j two there is no harmony of
action. Louis Chester, chairman of the
executive committee of the Building
Trades Council, makes the following
statement:
Strike matters are practically at a
standstill. Every union meeting, held lasj;
night ' declared In favor of the slogan,
"More pay and leas hours." No definite
action, however, has . been taken . by tho
Cooks' and Walters' Alliance. Secretary
Rosenberg said. last night that the San
Francisco Labor Council had so far done
nothing: to change . conditions. .„ The ad
vice of Its Headers, ¦ though sought by
workingmen, has resulted in a temporiz
ing policy.
• . — ¦ ? • . . ~ i
Organizer Pierce Is Accused'
¦ ... of -Fomenting Labor
- Disturbance. ¦ y
T ¦'¦-¦¦¦ ¦¦ / ¦
Leaders Hesitate About
Making Aggressive
Movement.
LABOR MATTERS
AT STANDSTILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 14, 1901.
Proceedings Are Begun to Bring Arthur H. Noyes of Alaska and
Thomas J. Geary Before the Tribunal of Justice to Answer
for Acts at Nome — District Attorney Woods Also in Danger
FEDERAL JUDGE MAY BE IMMURED
IN DUNGEON BY ORDER OF COURT
• i *
16
Important Correspondence on the
Subject Is Beceived From Eng-.
lish Authorities.
MAIN HOUSE (HOITT'S SCHOOL)
Old men often give- advice to youngr men
—and they also give up money to confi-
dence men occasionally.
Top many men like to stand around and
grunt while some other man lifts.
i 0 ¦•
Politeness, like beefsteak, Is better un-
derdone than overdone. J- .
APvjsjs'i'ifrKrfnSNTS.
TO© Hlt)C§I
Exercise is as bad as too little for the
growing girl. It is Teiy easy for her to
overdo, and this is especially dangerous
at fhat critical jjeriod of a young girl's
life when she crosses the line of -woman-
hood. It is not an
v a e Pv Tincoip * *T*^*n jifnnsr to
" *M lay the foundation
7 T*r for years of after
| « *S^ misery by neglect of
at&^SSfe lin necessary prccan-
$MgP&M tioas at the first
B«is»^3 < SIS of life."
|£|f£ .?ji^ The use of Dr.
Eg&lsjgjg? Pierct's Farorite
Ptwfe gSf JrTescTxpuon not only
ffw§; -4 3a( establishes regular-
fifl HI *¦*?* k ut *t gives
health to the entira
wctnanly organism.
J|||I||gjL It is the best nacdi-
ffBfffg llsi c^ xie or diseases
¦WEB i||» peculiar to -women
¦jjtfflnf His because it enres the
flfflW lp|r|* causes of disease
|S||g|agi|^m completely and per-
JBfflSj 1511 * Favorite Prescrip-
*&tS%mlm<!&$!& - tion* contains' no
alcohol, neither
W \li opium, cocaine nor
B \§ any other narcotic.
AU> **" canno;: disagree
V^ «For *,. number of
months X sxgtered with
fanale trouble." writes Miss Agnes McGowpc,
of r«a Bank Street, Washington, IX C «I tried
various remedies, bnt aose seemed to do me any
permanent good. - The doctors said it -was the
-worst case of internal trouble they ever had. I
decided to write to you for help, I received a
very encouraging? reply and commenced treat-
ment at once. -I had not Bsed your 'Favorite
Prescription* a week .before I Degan to feel
better, and, as I continued, my health gradually
improved, aad is improving- every day.*
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of ix one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address ux.
R. V -Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
H^^jfiy^/ PLATES. .$100 I
g-*^^^^£^ FILLINGS, 25 ffl
1.-^^. CBOWNS .. 3.S3 I]
i^wlj^^TEIS YEARS* 1
HyWjfX^V GUARANTEE g
I "VANVR00M" I
El PAINLESS DENTISTRY. £ j
§ 1001 MARKET ST., Cor. 6th, |
DR.MCNULTY.
T? IS y-'^LL-KXOWK ANO RELIABLE OLD
I Specialise cure* Blood Poison, GonorrhCBa,QIee^
b W c i aT ?' « ?ml "»l Weafeneas, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boot on Diseases ot Men, frea.
P. T S r J M .? ea / ! £, ex £'£! eilce - Te " ri! ' reasonable, Houm.
9to3daily;6:20to9.30eY'ss. Runday.i, 10 to 13, Consul.
tation free and sacredly confldentlaL Call o?addres»
P.' KO9COE aicXUXiTY, M.P.
SO y- Kearny e» t. t Sun JFranciaco. CsJ»