PRICE -FIVE CENTS.
DISTINGUISHED NAVAL OFFI
CERS WHO WILL GIVE IMPOR
\ TANT TESTIMONY BEFORE THE
SCHLEY COURT OF^ INQUIRY.
' Concerning his connection with ;the
Schley controversy Commander Schroeder
would say absolutely nothing beyond ad
mitting that he had been ordered to ap
pear as a witness and that at the time of
the great naval battle he was executive
In replying to questions concerning' the
difficulty between, himself and Smith,
. Commander Schroeder said that the pub
lished reports must have resulted from
misunderstood statements, as there was
no such discontent in the little Island of
Guam as far as he knew. He said that,
as far as he was aware, the relations be
tween himself and Smith were of the
pleasantest character, but that the sec
-retnry mlcht have been .: a little bit dis
satisfied "with conditions in the island, as
they were no doubt vastly different from
what had been anticipated.
Naval Governor of Guam, Is at the Palace
Hotel, where he arrived Monday evening,
being one of the passengers of the China,
Commander. Schroeder when seen yester
day would neither discuss the charges
that have been .made against him -by his
late secretary, William "B. Smith of Oak
land, nor the object of his present visit
to the United States, which is to appear
as a witness before the Schley court of
inquiry, soon to convene In Washington.
Naval Governor of Guam on the Way
,' to Testify in Schley Inquiry. |
\ Commander. S. ¦ Schroeder, U. S. N.; the
SHEOEDER IS VERY . RETICENT.
Rear Admiral Schley and his counsel,
Jeremiah M. Wilson and Isador Raynor,
had another long conference to-day in
preparation for their' appearance before
the court of Inquiry. They will; have'
daily meetings until the court meets, Sep
tember 12. Oa<3 of the interesting out
comes of the conference was the discov
ery that In accordance with naval regula
tions it will be necessary for Admiral
Schley personally, instead of through
counsel, to challenge the eligibility of
Rear Admiral Kowison as a member of
Schley to Personally Challenge.
It was said at the Navy Department to
day on the authority of an intimate friend
of Raar Admiral^ Sampson, who has seen
that officer recently, that . he Is deter-^
mined to appear before the court of in
quiry; that he is now resting. with a view
tq^ building up: his strength before the
court meets, and that he will appear
give his testimony even though it may
result in breaking down his health.
Rear Admiral Schley's counsel are well
informed as to the character of the evi
dence ,Rear Admiral Evans will give and
they are preparing to meet It.
rival, it is said, will strengthen the anti
Schlep case!
.'Acting- Secretary Hackett'. has granted
"permission "to: Lieutenant Wells, flag
retary to r Admiral Schley, to examine the
official records of the Navy Department
bearing .upon; the ' issues Jn the West In
dian' campaign and make, copies ; of such
papers as he desires for use Jit the com
ing court of inquiry. . •
sponslbillty as the head of the Navy De
partment Schley's counsel will appeal to
him to revoke the detail of Admiral How
lson.
Civilian Witnesses Are Wanted.
Schley and his counsel have determined
to call some civilian witnesses, but are
not prepared to say who these will be.
What it la expected to. show by them Is
not stated.' Although 'the Navy Depart
ment has made.. repeated efforts to , get
Congress to -nass a \ law . compelling v the
attendance, of . civilian witnesses before
naval courts,- rib such law has been ; pass
ed. Schley'a counsel can do ho more than
summon the civilians desired." leaving ; It
to their determination whether to appear
or not. The Navy Department may call
some clvlllan.wltriesses also.- ; ' .
Should Secretary. Long return to Wash
ington before the court assembles and re
lieve Acting Secretary Hackett from re-
the court! 1 There is no doubt this will be
done. if Admiral Howlson takes his place
with Admiral . Remey and Rear Admiral
Benham in the courtroom.
Secretary Wilson. Ends a Tour. .•
\WASHINGTON, Sept. . 3.-Secretary of
Agriculture \ has "returned from" a
trip \ through ; the We'st ¦ and was at his
desk to-day.- .""¦¦"' .
HUNTINGTON. Ind.. Sept. 1— James J.'
Keys; president of the Commercial Na
tional Bank of Andrews, who pleaded
guilty to a number of forgeries, .was to
day sentenced by Judge Branyon to four
teen years in the- State penitentiary at
Mlchisran City.
Banker Is Sent to Prison.
j • LONDON, Sept. ; 3.— Lord : Francis Hope,
husband of May Yohe,' the actress 'now in
the Orient 'with Putnam Bradlee Strongr
has.; instructed; his attorneys to take ini
medlate'proceedinss"to "obtain -a divorce.
This information \was made public to-day
.through a" letter : to the Express "from
Messrs. Madison/ solicitors to' Lord ' Fran
cis Hope. . : \
Lord Hope ¦ to Sue * for Divorce.
KALISPELL. Mont., Sept. 3.— The Cor
oner's jury .found that the accident of
Friday night at Nyack. in which thirty
five men lost * their lives, was caused
through no fault of the train crew and
that the freight train escaped from the
Essex' station \ through some unknown
cause. ;.{i
No Fault of ..Train'. Crew.
/CALL BUREAU. 14C6 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— A few min
utes before the hour named by Justice
Bernard for the arrest cf Paymaster Rob
ert' Burton Rodney. United I States Navy,
retired, for contempt of' court In not pay
ing" his wife alimony ordered, the eccen
tric • paymaster, j prompted by • the . fear o*
being confined in ; the 'district ¦ jail, com
plied with the court's order, and paid Mrs.
Rodney's attorneys the sum of $17. This
amount was necessary lo complete the $43
alimony ordered for the month of August.
Through his ' attorney .-Paymaster Rodney,
asked the court; to reduce the amount of
alimony ,' and presented an affidavit drawn
in his own peculiar, style in support of his
contention. In "it -the petitioner says:
VAfter the '.misery: and wreck which the
alimony* has 'caused in his home and life
by unhinging .the. mind of his thoughtless,
foolish younjp.. foreign wife.', he Implores
the court to be specially considerate to-
ward him. Madame Recamler defining
marriage as promotion, his erratic wifa
imagines alimony the next promotion
after marriage. And he suggests the ri3k
of turning the Institution or alimony itself
into travesty and ridicule to bestow it In
such an Instance as this."
.-. M. Delcasse, ; French Minister i of Foreign
Affairs,' on the contrary, wired M.' Bapst,
counselor of the French embassy/ cate
gorical instructions- to take no steps to
show.' that ; the \ relations between the ' two
countries were modified. ';
CONSTANTINOPLE. . Sept. 3.— -Munir
Bey, Turkish \ Embassador / to France,)
wired the Porte he had strcng hopes 'that
a ; settlement of the Franco-Turkish diffl-.
cul ty would be reached which ' would [ pre
serve the dignity; of both Governments.'
The Colonial Office ; published to-day a
dispatch from' the Governor, of Cape Col
ony. Sir Walter ¦ Hely-Hutchinsoh, re
ceived September 1, announcing . that the
Boers on August 27. captured two unarmed
British scouts near] Haarekloof and shot
them In cold blood. . . .
A well-mounted force of • Boers has
looted L'arrydale, In the jj Swellendam dis
trict (140 miles from Cape* Town). Schee
per|s Boer commando , passedclose to
Montague yesterday and had a light brush
with the local scouts.' They had'; spare
horses and were apparently,, well equipped.
A colunuTof troops has gone in pursuit.' j
tion, 1700 horses and 7500 head of cattle
have been captured." • . ¦ -
"Since August . " 26 the columns report
nineteen . Boers . killed, three wounded,"-212
made prisoners ; and 127 surrendered, and
that 104 rifles, 27,560 rounds of ammuni-
Captain Wellis. with a patrol of twenty
five men f rorn'Oudstschorri, was taken In
ambush* near Meiringspoort. . He, and two
men escaped, three others were killed
and four wounded, and the rest, who sur
rendered "and . took the oath of neutrality,
were released. .. :H : »' :
A dispatch from Lord Kitchener dated
Pretoria to-day says:- ' .,
A Cape Town special says: It. is re
ported that [ Commandant . Myburg has is
sued ' an order directing that | all armed
colonials captured after September 15 are
to be shot.. "-
LONDON, . Sept. 3.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Cape Town says General
Dewet has issued a proclamation declar
ing that he will shoot all British troops
found !n Orange River Colony after Sep
tember 15. -,v *.¦.,;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•"The hour* for notes has passed and the
time ' for action has arrived. Diplomacy
has laid before the . world the Just rea
sons which it has had and has for ask
ing compensation for the grievances it has
suffered. It )ias exhausted all. the means
at its disposal "for' "settling threatening
questions between nation and nation. We
have waited long enough. Now Is the time
for. reprisals." .
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 3.— The Re
publica, semi-official organ of the Govern
ment, published to-day an' Inspired arti
cle ending as follows:
PHILADELPHIA, SeDt. 3.— The North
American to-morrow will print a story to
the effect that a union of all the electric
railway and electric light companies
owned by Philadelphia capitalists is now
under way with/ excellent prospects that
the project will be carried to a successful
conclusion. This combination will Involve
over $100,000,000.
of. complete peace.
Union of Electric Concerns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eccentric Paymaster Rodney Prefers Giving Alimony to
His Wife to Going to Jail at Washington.
Turkish Embassador. Is Still
Hopeful of a Speedy ¦¦:
Settlement. I .
Daring and Elusive Boer Commander Warns " the Enemy
Against Being. in Orange River Colony After i^th Inst. '*.¦
EVADES CONTEMPT OF COURT
BY PAYING AT LAST MINUTE
FRANCE WOULD
HUMBLE PORTE
as to the basis on which a financial set
tlement will be made. It has baen ru
mored that if the syndicate desired it
could decline to accept the boat and leave
it on the designer's hands. .
As the Constitution has not shown her
self to be ten minutes faster than the
Columbia, but, on the contrary, consid
erably slower, there is much speculation
contract were it is believed a very large
sum of money depended on the boat pos
sessing additional speed.
"The engagement of Mr. Gilkey and
myself was broken off by mutual consent.
We had never set a definite time for the
marriage." . .
HERRESHOFF MAY IX) SE
ON THE CONSTITUTION
Designer of the New Yacht in Danger
of Being Out Considerable
Money.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— A special to the
Telegraph from Newport says: In view
of the lamentably poor showing of the
Constitution in the preliminary races a
very interesting question has arisen.
When the cup yacht syndicate entered
Into arrangements with Designer Herre
shoff for a new boat there was' a stipula
tion that she should be at least ten min
utes faster than the Columbia. While it
Is not known what the exact terms of the
The old official residence of the Spanish
commander has been renovated, cleaned,
improved and fitted with the comforts and
conveniences of a modern house and Is
now the executive home. The barracks
of the men are also supplied with every
possible comfort, and life In Guam Is
made as pleasant. and comfortable as pos
sible for those who look after Uncle Sam's
interests there.
The Government will soon take a census
of Guam, and then the number -of It3
population will be definitely determined.
As nearly as can be ascertained the pres
ent population Is between nine and .'ten
thousand, this including . the whites as
well as the natives. . ,
der takes Issue with some of the .other
authorities who have preceded him. The
general opinion has been that the climatic
conditions -were such as to make a resi
dence at Guam exceedingly trying to any
but a native of the place, and two years
was generally given as the extreme limit
to which a native of a colder clime could
be subjected. Commander Schroeder says
he knows nothing about the medical as
pect of this statement, but he does know
that he has resided there for that length
of time and finds himself to-day in. as
good health as he ever. was. .
GENERAL DEWET PROCLAIMS ALL
BRITISH TROOPS WILL BE SHOT
Evans' testimony regarding the extreme
range at which Schley's bombardment of
Santiago occurred, the distance from that
point to which the squadron retired at
night before Rear Admiral Sampson's ar-
Will Not Aid" Schley.
the positions of the Spanish ships In the
harbor of Santiago de Cuba, were exam
ined by Judge Advocate General Lemly
to-day with respect to the evidence they
will submit before the court of inquiry.
Lieutenant Harlow, executive officer of
the Vixen, was examined by Captain
Lemly last week in regard to notes ho
took while the battle was in progress and
the reasons which Induced him to make
changes. It is understood that during the
talk Captain Lemly had with Rear Ad
miral Evans to-day reference was made
to these notes.
There is no doubt as to the' character
of the evidence which will be submitted
by Rear Admiral Evans. His testimony
will be particularly damaging to Rear
Admiral Schley when the coal supply of
the ships of the flying squadron Is in dis
cussion. He will say that there was no
lack of coal on board the Iowa and that
he could almost have steamed to Europe
with the fuel in her bunkers. ¦'-
- "Mr. Gilkey paid me some attention last
winter and I liked him. He has the man
ners of a gentleman and good habits, but
when my mother began to see that a seri
ous engagement might result from our
acquaintance she showed me plainly that
a marriage to a young man In Mr. Gil
key's financial position would not be wise.
His income was then $60 a month. I liked
him as a friend, but as a husband he
would never do. When I was ill Colonel
Northam, whom I had then known but a
short time, was much kinder and more
attentive to me than was Mr. Gilkey.
Mrs. Northam, when seen to-night, said:
"Mr. Gilkey and I may have Imagined we
were in love, but I for my part know now
that I was mistaken. I am positive that
I never really loved any one till I met
Colonel Northam.
Gilkey declared to-night - that his en
gagement to Miss Stoney had never been
broken; that he had many letters from,
her expressing her devotion to him, writ
ten at different times during their ac
quaintance. He first learned of her mar-'
riage to Colonel Northam through the
newspaper accounts of the ceremony.
The complaint alleges that Mrs.
Northam on or about April 1 of this year
promised to marry the plaintiff and that
the wedding had actually been . arranged
for August 15. The plaintiff says . that,
confiding In this promise, he has contin
ued unmarried and has been and. Is now
ready to marry the defendant. He says
that Miss Stoney*s failure to marry him
has caused him great mental suffering
aiid humiliation." .' ' £v&]
The Northams -were married in San Jose
on July 23. He is 62 and she is 20 years
of age. The bride, a tall, handsome
blonde, first met Northam about two
months before their marriage. The col
onel's first wife died on April 9 of the
present year. Gilkey is 22 years old; He
first met Miss Stoney last November,
when she was filling a position as sten
ographer.
LOS ANGELES, Sept 3.— There came a
sensational sequel to-day to the recent
marriage of Colonel Robert J. Northam
to Miss Leotia Stoney. Stanley D. Gil
key, a clerk in a dry goods store, com
menced suit against Mrs. Northam for
950,000 damages for alleged breach of
promise. Colonel Northam, who Is a
wealthy man, is made a part defendant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senor Pulido. the Venezuelan Charge
d' Affaires, to-day received a budget of of
ficial mall from Caracas up to about Au
gust 22. A letter of that date says that
the Government has repelled all the Inva
sions which have threatened the border,
and has 10,000 troops situated at points on
the border, with large equipment of ar
tillery and stores. Except . for , these pre
cautionary measures of defense, the
country Is described as being In a' state
All Invasions Repelled.
Colombia also, 'it Is said to-night, has
made response to the, note of Secretary
Hay. While Its contents are not obtain
able, the statement is 'made that it is con
ciliatory In character and expresses an
earnest wish that war with Venezuela
may be avoided. Such a result, it Is
Etated, would be a' cause of genuine re
gTet to the people of Colombia. Colombia,
It Is said, stands to avert war, 'and re
poses full confidence in the latter country.
Friendly Responses Received.
The text of Hay's telegram has not
been made public It is understood that
an acknowledgment of Its receipt has
been made by the Venezuelan Govern
ment, but Its purport has not been made
public, although It is said to be friendly
In tone, and while charging invasion by
Colombian forces on the Venezuelan bor
der and referring to the temporary sus
pension of diplomatic intercourse which
has occurred, the way appears to be open
for explanations. Venezuela has not de
clared war against Colombia.
It Is ascertained that on August 24, dur
ing Secretary Hay's recent visit to Wash
ington, a telegraphic message was sent to
the Ministers at Caracas and Bogota, di
recting them to inform the foreign secre
taries of Venezuela and Colombia of the
distress with which the President had
heard of the likelihood of a disturbance
of the relations between these two repub
lics. Adverting to the possibility of the
Influence of the United States being ex
erted to compromise the pending ques
tions, the Ministers were directed to say
that, while the relations of this Govern
ment -with both nations are equally inti
mate and friendly and every opportunity
Is taken to show the good-will we bear
them, an offer of the President's kindly
offices to arrange any differences which
may exist between Colombia and Venez
uela would be ineffective without the ac
quiescence of both. Nevertheless, Inspired
by the sentiments which are common to
all the governments of the American re
publics, the United States would sincere
ly deplore a breach of the amicable rela
tions that at this time happily exist be
tween the sister nations of the Western
World, and would especially regret any
action by either of them which might
menace the security of transit across the
Isthmus or the neutrality of Its territory,
and thereby constrain the Government of
the United States to consider its respon
sibilities and functions under existing
treaty engagements with Colombia.
Uncle Sam's Good Offices.
Minister Sllva said that Colombia had
suffered much from the actions of Vene
zuela. The closing of traffic on the Seulla
River had practically killed the great cof
fee industry of Colombia, which centers
about Cucuta, In thep rovlnce of Santan
«er.
"When I was Secretary of State of Co
lombia last September." said Dr. Eilva,
•'General Andrade and two of his e'up
porters came to Bogota and saw the Pres
ident of Colombia and the members of the
Cabinet and urged us to aid them In over
throwing President Castro. They repre
sented that Castro-was -aiding: Colombian
insurgents and that he should be justified
5n espousing their cause. We absolutely
refused. Colombia has continued to main
tain this attitude toward Venezuela, and
no official of our Government has ever
been connected with the 'movements of
Venezuelan insurgents."
Colombia Has Been Fair.
Minister Sllva emphatically denies that
the Colombian Government has In any
way supported or encouraged the bands
ef Venezuelan insurgents who have or
ganized on the Colombian border and
have Invaded Venezuela.
Colombian Minister in Washington, thinks
that President Castro's note to the pow
ers has added to the seriousness of the
situation, because It -will tend to inflame
the people of Venezuela against Colombia.
The Minister Is convinced that the people
of Venezuela an a ¦whole would be glad
to live on terms of peace -with the neigh
boring republic, but he fears that they
will accept as trne the representations
made by President Castro regarding the
eititude of Colombia toward Venezuela.
CAI.I* BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.— Dr. Sllva,
Epadal Dispatch, to The Call.
United States Government, Through
Secretary Hay, Makes Friendly
Overtures to Prevent the '
Threatened War.
No Intention of Taking a Hus
band With an Income of
But Sixty a Month.'
Young Bride Protests That She Had
Demands $50,000 for Failure
to Keep Alleged Promise
to Wed Him.
'False Representations Made
by the President May Be
Accepted by People.
Dry Goods Clerk Sues
Mrs. "Bob" Northam
for Damages.
•jffote to Powers Will Stir
Up Strife Against
Colombia.
officer- pfj the battleship Massachusetts,
which was not In the fight.
When the conversation turned to Guam
and the conditions there Commander
Schroeder was found to be ¦ much more
communicative. He said that owing to
the exertions of the medical officers the
sanitation of. the place had greatly Im
proved and this fact, coupled with the
order -making It necessary for midwlves
to be properly licensed before being al
lowed to practice their profession, had
greatly reduced the mortality In the little
Territory.
The recent hurricane, he said, had so
damaged the cocoanut trees that it will
probably be three or four years before a
good crop will be had. but bread fruit and
corn were amply providing the inhabi
tants with their principal food supply.
In speaking of the climate and Its ef
fects on Europeans, Commander Schroe-
Sampson Is Now Very
Determined to Ap
pear Befcfre Court
CASTRO'S ACT
WILL INFLAME
VENEZUELANS
SEEKS BALM
FOR BLIGHTED
AFFECTIONS
Counsel Preparing to
Meet Some Recent
Points in the Case
Adverse . Testimony
Regarding the Sup
ply of Goal Carried
Extreme Range of the
Bombardment of the
"Torts at Santiago
S*2 ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
([ W., WASHINGTON. Sept 3.-
WEear. Admiral Robley D. ; Evans,
who commanded the battleship
Iowa during the war with Spain,
and Lieutenant Victor Blue, who located
FIGHTING BOB EVANS WILL GIVE EVIDENCE
VERY DAMAGING TO REAR ADMIRAL SCHLEY
VOLUME XC— NO. 95.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY; | SEPTEMBER .4^: 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.> KANSAS 'CITY, Sept.; 3.-Edward: Do
herty, .well known on the vaudeville stage
and in the : circus ;buslness. r died at a' local
hospital to-day. * Doherty was a noted
animal trainer. . „
Edward Doherty.
:. STANFORD ; UNIVERSITY, Sept. -3.—
Registrar Elliott says that the ¦ registra
tion of old students; for the 'day was 330,
as against 336 for the first day of registra
tion last year.' 1 The registration of.matric
ulated students will continue to-morrow.
Freshmen will register onThursday.' .
Registration at Stanford.
To-night the feast of the celebration
occurred. : Their grove was lighted by
bonfires, while they danced ¦' about. ; Not
expecting such a large crowd, the natives
did- not bring enough provisions, and a
great many have not had a meal for two'
days.-but they keep up their dancing. •-; It
is said this Is to be the last powwow these
two tribes will hold. ¦.
For three days the Indians have been
weeping for their dead, according to their
custom, but last night their . mourning
ended with the "t east of the devil.". They
attached a wire to the top of ' a ptne tree
200 feet high and strung It full of all sorts
of presents of clothing. Then they built
a fire at the bottom of. it and soon 1 the
entire tree was ablaze,, while the: Indians
danced around the ¦ fire as though . pos
sessed. '.'.-. • _ ' < ','¦¦ '¦ ' ; Mv
POWWOW OP WASHOE *"!.:.
AND DIGGER INDIANS
Hedskins of Two Counties Make
Burnt Offerings to the Evil
Spirit. .
ANGELS CAMP, Sept.' 3.— For the last
three days the Washoe and Digger In
dians of Tuolumne and Calaveras coun
ties.have been, holding their annual pow
wow ' at ' Murphys, : about -400 being in .•- at
tendance. This is the first celebra.tion of
the kind : these tribes have had In 'twelve
years, and it Is held In" a new wickiup
built especially for this occasion. The old
one was considered unlucky, a brave hav
ing been killed in it at their last dance.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 3.— Martin Ech
averry, a teamster in the employ of F.,M.
Noriega, last night sustained a complete
fracture of tho" spine, in the middle of the
back, by being run over by a wagon from
which he had been thrown as the horses
were running away on the Rosedale rroad,
two miles west of this city. The injured
man is now, apparently on the. road to
complete recovery, the fracture .• having
been reduced without apparent Injury to
the. spinal cord, although the" spine over
lapped, at ?the- point of the break..: Drs.
Kellogg and Taggart, the attending physi
cians, are of | the opinion ¦ that the . injury
will not prove serious, provided Inflamma
tion does not set in. .. . .,
Despite the. fact that the spine was sep
arated by the weight of the wagon. Ech
averry managed to get upon his feet and
walked for about 200 yards before he knew
he was seriously injured. From his own
statement , it. seemed that his back re
fused to support the weight of his head
and shoulders only after he felt a numb
ness in T the limbs. .. *
and Sound.
cedent and Will Soon Be Well
Bakersfield Teamster Defies All Pre-
MAN WITH A BBOKEN
BACK IS BECOVEBING
Dividends for the Creditors.
WASHINGTON, Sept 3.— The Comptrol
ler of the Currency has declared dividends
In favor of the creditors of Insolvent na
tional banks as follows: Five per cent.
First National Bank of San Bernardino,
Cal.; 7 per cent, Merchants* National
Bank, Seattle.
Tokio's Engineer in Missouri.
.KANSAS CITY, Sept; 3.— Yeijl Naka-
Jlma. chief engineer of the city of ToWo,
in Japan, and professor of the Tokio Im
perial University, who is touring * the
United States to study dur sewerage sys
tem, arrived In Kansas City to-day. He
is accompanied by three other Japanese —
R. Naokl, an engineer of Tokio, who is
here to make a study of harbor improve
ments, and two students In the Imperial
University. '"' - " -
Toland says he was not in Sacramento
yesterday because it was Labor day, a
legal holiday, and that he did not attend
meetings of the board on legal holidays
unless It was. expressly understood be
forehand. The law, he says, provides that
the tax rate shall be fixed between tha
first and second Mondays' of September,
and he considers that this means that the
rate shall be fixed after the first Monday,
which was yesterday. He believes that
the fixing of the tax levy yesterday waa
illegal, and says he 1b here now to fix the
tax rate and will try to get into com
munication with the other members, in
order to hold another meeting. The other
members, with . the exception of State
Controller Colgan. have left the city.
jvhile he was absent. The meeting was
held in the morning; the members ap
peared to be waiting for somebody, and
finally one of the Equalizers remarked
that Toland had not yet made his ap
pearance. This elicited from ' the presi
dent, Alexander Brown, the response that
Toland seldom appeared at the meetings,
anyway, and that, for his part, he was ill
and did not propose to wait for anybody.
The other members assented to this ar-.
rangement.and the board proceeded, first
to reduce the assessment of the Pullman
Company $150,000 and then to fix the State
tax rate at 48 cents on the $100. '•;.•'-
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 3.— State Equal
izer T. O. Toland promises to make trou
ble because the State Board of Equaliza
tion fixed the State tax levy, yesterday
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Local delegates to the Episcopal General Con
vention have declared for the prohibition ¦ of
the marriage of divorcees.
This telegram was shown to Bishop
Wells, and he said: '
"At* present' the church allows •¦ a di
vorced person to remarry only when he
or she was an innocent party to a divorce
granted for the Scriptural cause: ' I be
lieve that where a divorce has been grant
ed for the Scriptural cause the innocent
party should be allowed to marry again.
"I do not think it quite wise to say how
I shall vote In the matter, pending full
discussion by such an august body as the
general convention, but I believe that the
terrible increase of divorces and subse
quent marriages of guilty divorced per
sons In this country is a most serious
menace to its continued virtue and pro
priety. Corrupt the nation's homes and
you corrupt the nation's heart."
TACOMA, Sept. 3.— Episcopal Bishop
Lemanuel H. Wells, holding jurisdiction
over. Eastern Washington and Northern
Idaho, Is at \'ariance with opinions re
garding the marriage of divorced persons
imputed to other prominent delegates to
the Episcopal General Convention soon to
be held at San ,Francisco. A telegram
from St. Paul reads: . . . •:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Divorcees to Wed ;
Again.
Would, Permit Innocent
Toland Objects to . the
Action of Fellow
Equalizers.
BISHOP WELLS
OM REMARRIAGE
At the conclusion of the conference At
torney General Knox said he would give
the matter prompt attention and would
likely present his conclusion to the Presi
dent.
Humphries, Judge of the Circuit Court of
the First Judicial Circuit, _Territory_ of
Hawaii, who Is under charges by mem
bers of the Bar Association of . the . Ha-'
wailan Islands, who ask for. his removal,
and F. W. Yankee, who represents the
Bar Association in the controversy, held
a conference with Attorney General Knox
to-day.
The substance of the charges is that
Judge Humphries controls and Is actively
engaged in the publication of a partisan
newspaper while exercising the powers
and performing the duties . of Circuit
Court Judge; that he takes an active part
in bitter political controversies; that he
uses his powers as Judge to promote his
own personal and political ends; that he
la harsh, tyrannical and vindictive toward
members of the bar and others, and that
he has held in disregard the obligations
devolving upon him as Judge and has
brought the same into public disrepute
and under suspicion.
In his reply Judge Humphries says that
he owns a controlling interest in the Hon
olulu Republican, but upon receipt of his
commission as Judge he severed all con
nection with the editorial policy or utter
ances of the paper. He says that he has
taken a deep interest In politics, but de
nies that he has ever been perniciously
active or has taken any part in politics
unworthy of his position upon the bench.
He also denies that he has made any im
proper use of the powers vested in him
as Judge, or that he has been harsh or
tyrannical in his treatment of attorneys
practicing before him. or that he has held
In disregard the obligations devolving
upon him as Judge.
The charges and specifications, in print
ed form, cover 2% pages, and the Judge's
reply nfty-nve pages. Each charge is ac
companied by a large number of exhibits,
as is each answer.
WASHINGTON. Sept 3.— Abraham S.
Judge Humphries of Ha
¦ waii Visits Attorney
General. -
I Electrical engineering— Elmer E. Farmer takes
leave, of absence, for the; first semester of the
year, to continue the. practical work with the
Stanley Electrio Company, -Pi ttsfleld, Mass. on
which he has been engaged during the sum
mer. • ' '.! . s ¦ ' ". ' '
Philosophy— Professor Charles H. Rleber of
Harvard < University becomes I assistant • profes
sor, of philosophy, to succeed Dr Arthur O
Lovejoy,- resigned. .-• ¦ • ...... ¦•. •
* Psychology-Miss Llllle J. Martin; who has
been absent during the past * year ' at Clark
University, .returns to take up her work. •" Miss
Martin is'assistant professor of psychology •
Mechanical engineering— Edwin J Starka haa
been appointed instructor in pattern makine
Hygiene-Dr.R-L Wilbur of the department
of physiology will be acting head < of the de
partment of hygiene. ln> charge of the work
of Dr.' Thomas H. : Wood, who resigns to ¦ ac
cept a position In the .Teachers' College "Co
lumbia University. .Dr. W. F. Snow takes
leave of absence for study in New York '
Physics— Joseph G. Brown becomes assistant
for the coming year. ".";-¦ ¦
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 3.—
President Jordan and Vice President
Branner returned on Sunday from Den
ver, where they attended the gathering
of the American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science.
Secretary Clark of the university to-day
gave out a complete list of the changes
and additions to the faculty, which take
effect with the beginning of the present
semester. Many of the new appoint
ments were made by President Jordan
while on his trip East. The changes aud
appointments are as follows:
John^ a H^ ngU ?F e , S - Marathon M - Ramsey oj
Jonns Hopkins University Is made assUt«n»
German— Adolf von Noe of the TJnlversity of
p^ no ta |n! s^d^yVA fe^e S 0 ra b R H
BchmSSl ha £ DOt ye S been •*»«**•• ¦ C&s V S
tJ?iJ^ zler . Instructor In German.
forT^Harva^
more 01^^ 1^"', 1110 ' 11 - 'jeffers^n EU
Enel^h ™ S ? Ve A °!i absen <=e for the year.
English— Edwin P. Anderson Is made assist
ant professor , of English Philology Professor
Anderson Is a^graduate of Mlchl/an UnlversUy
and is a brother of Professor Alelvllle B An
derson, head, of the English department.
History— Dr. Max Farrand of Wesleyan 'Uni
versity. i 8 made professor of history? and Dr
? n h ! Kemmelkamp of Cornell University is
tn^f ? ? u ant p J". ofessor - p r°'es8or Shaw re-
K^«n^ 6 « Up^ h L s w , ork after a y ear of «»dV
in Germany and Professor Dunlway takes a.
year's leavo to be spent in study abroad
Economlcs-Dr. John J. Halsey deanof Lake
Forest University, becomes acting head 1 o ft he
department for the ensuing year! Cephas D
Allin of Toronto University Is appolnte* lnl
structor in economics. Dr. Paul 8. Reinsch
of the University of, Wisconsin will give a
course of lectures in December. Mrs Mary
¦Roberts Smith, associate -professor of sociol
ogy, takes a leavo of absence for a year
Mathematics— Professor Allardice returns
fl^? »^n ar S le . ave ot abse nce epent in Scot
mvI Z \% Profe ? sor L - M. Hoaklns takes a
leave for the coming year. The new appolnt-
S™^,^, 0 ' A - Miller of Cornell
H2»h»™.JU° t5° "¦"¦I" 4 *"*- ProfesHor In pur.
mathematics; H. C. Moreno of the Unlversity
ZJZfinl* - a w a ? '"troctor.ln applied math
ematics, and W.,A. Manning to be an assist-
TT3^f W ~i J . aln .« 7" Burcham - • LI * B - Stanford
University '01, is appointed . Instructor for the
year, to succeed Professor Jackson E.- Rey
nolds, who takes leavo of absence for the year
Civil cngineering-The following have been
appointed student assistants r J P.' Byxbee.
T. D. Hunter. G. H. Bra** H. H Hall J H
Fobs. C. \V. Sell, B. Talbot '
Education-Professor Cubberley takes leave' of
absence for tho year. David Snedden. who has
been absent on leave at Columbia University,
returns to take up hig work. -Frank E. Thompl
son has been appointed an assistant in the de
partment. ¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ • , - -
Botany-A. B . Lawson of Chicago University
and Le Roy Abranw, A.B.. Stanford '95, are
to be assistants In the department
Chemistry— The following are to be student
assistants:-. A. J. Cox, F. £. Hess F J Reldv
Z T? Mitchell. H. h: Kessle" s/ Kimba"! Mi
H* Evflns. .' - . .-„ • ¦' ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Sheriff of Marin County intervened,
for he visited this city yesterday and in
formed the young men who have been
making merry— as they refer to their
orgies— that they must moor their arks at
some spot more remote from Greenbrae
and the Marin shore. He warned them
that if they refused he would swoop down
upon their merry friends some propitious
evening and have the "ladies" do an
Amazon march to jail, while the "gentle
men" would wend their way to cold and
gloomy cells adorned with the finest as
sortment of steel bracelets at his com
mand.
They feelingly consented to remove the
arks, protesting at the same time that
the females who indulged In moonlight
plunges, sans drapery, in the waters
about Wood Island were "real ladies."
The Sheriff was also informed that
the female barytones and mezzo so
pranos, who loaned their talents on
various occasions to the young men,
who, by the way. are supposed by their
relatives to be "baching" it In the horse
car ark and the Nemo, sang in various
church choirs. They hurled logic at the
Sheriff, declaring that songs from such tal
ented and pious young women could cer
tainly not have disturbed the peace or.
mind nor their actions shocked the mod
esty of James W. Deart and his family,
B. D. Dean and his family, J. H. Har
rison and others. • •
Now J. W. Dean is manager of the ma
rine department of the Home Fire and
Marine Insurance Company, his brother
is connected with the Crocker- Woolworth
Bank and Mr. Harrison serves the Scot
tish American Insurance Company. They
firmly declare that they know something
about music as well as the propriety of
things, and firmly declare that everything
that happened on those arks from Satur
day afternoons to Sunday nights rasped
their nerves, nearly shattered the drums
of their ears and caused them to blush
until their faces felt sunburned. -'-
From the stories the Deans tell, and
they are the owners of Wood Island, the
young men of the Nemo and horse car
arks have slumbered most of the days
and filled the nights with thunder, and
redflr© ¦ * '
One Incident served to amuse the Deans.
It appears that a young man on the
Nemo called oat, "Jennie, will you have
a drink?" and she responded in a voice
that caused a heavy swell on that part
of the bay with that touching ballad,
"Always, Always." • .
"I never saw any of the women In bath-
Ing " said J. W. Dean, "but I have seen
the 'young men bathing, minus their bath
ing clothes, In the presence of women.
Then the language and the songs they
sang. The females must be ladles— real
ladles. We are all glad that they are go
ing to give Wood Island a wide berth."
"They say such things and they do such
things" on a couple of arks over at Green
brae that Sheriff Taylor has been called
upon by the more peaceful and refined
Mariners to intervene.
CLAIMS HEW TAX
LEVY IS ILLEGAL
W. JACKSON, the well-known
ft \\ : fisherman, returned •' to this
II IB . city yesterday morning with a
O striped bass record' and the
fish that will give him fame
and reputation among the angling frater
nity. His catch was a big,_ handsome
striped bass weighing twenty-five pounds
when taken out of the .water. After
dressing the fish lost 1*4 pounds.
Mr. Jackson was fishing the San An
tonio Creek, near Petaluma, on Sunday
when he got his strike. The tackle used
was rod and reel and an Al- Wilson spoon.
Inside of twelve minutes the big bass was
killed. The slough in which he was
caught .was about twelve feet deep and
twenty-five feet wide.
Stanford's Secretary An
nounces List of Ap
pointments.
Disturb the Peace and
Quiet of Greenbrae
. Residents.
O.iW. JACKSON. THE WELL-KNOWN FISHERMAN,' AND HIS, CATCH.' .
THE RECORD STRIPED- BASS OF THE SEASON, WEIGHING TWEN
TY-FIVE POUNDS AND TAKING TWELVE MINUTES TO LAND.
KNOX LISTENS
TO EXPLANATION
Dysentery— Arthur Bach, acting hospital
Pteward: Joseph J. Doughty, corporal, Twenty
elxth. Infantry: John H. Given, Twelfth In
fantry; Joseph Shelton. Twenty-fourth In
fantry; Edward B. Stone, Seventeenth In
fantry; Charles E. Williamson. Fifteenth Cav
alry.
Tuberculosis— Michael P. Buckley. Hospital
Corps; Charles McTrammick. Ninth Cavalry.
¦ Peritonitis — Joseph RHey, • Fourth Cavalry;
Alfred W. Clark, Third Cavalry.
Alcoholism— John Wright, Sixteenth Cavalry;
Thomas J. Mulvihlll. Sixth Infantry.
Abscess of liver — Emnnuel Holman, Twenty
first Infantry.
Colitis — Thomas Dunn, Eighteenth Infantry.
Suicide— Fred Bandlnlstol, Eighth Infantry.
Variola— James K. Clark, Twenty-first In
fantry.
Drowned— Frederick G. Rabecau, Sixteenth
Infantry.
Malarial lever— James H. Cattanach. Fifth
Infantry.
Fell from auarters— Paul Du Gullls, Seven
teenth Infantry, neck fractured.
fee, under date of July 22. reports -these
deaths in his command since his last re-
General Chaff ee Informs the War De
partment of Hospital Records
at Manila.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— General Chai-
DEATHS OF SOLDIEB.S
IN THE PHILIPPINES
ARK OCCUPANTS
NOT ARCHANGELS
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 3.— Charles
Spencer, a Briton, who worked hjs way
from the Orient on the Empress of China,
is here endeavoring to have a claim for
damages on account of alleged false im
prisonment in Manila by General Otis
pressed against the United States Gov
ernment. Spencer, who was formerly In
the National Guard in Hawaii, arrived In
Manila on December 6, 1898, with the First
Tennessee Regiment on the City of
Puebla. He claims that after December
6, up to the outbreak of hostilities, he
dealt in curios and handled other commis
sions for A. W. Prautsch of Manila.
After February he stopped with the First
Colorados for a week and went out with
the advance on Caloocan. He assisted the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
hospital corps in taking care of the
wounded on the battlefield, and claims to
have come and gone between Manila and
the lines, awaiting the advance to Mala
bon.
Spencer's story of his arrest and deten
tion follows:
I was out at Caloocan as usual on February
24, expecting that an attack would be made on
Malabon, and had decided to return to Ma
nila. For some time It was dangerous to go
backward and forward from th» line, on ac
count of rebel sharpshooters, and It was usual
for three or four to go together. I was sitting
on the railroad track about 100O yards from
headquarters reading & newspaper and waiting
for some soldiers to come along who were go-
Ing Into town. Two soldiers approached. I
asked them If they were going to town, and
In reply they asked me what regiment I be
longed to and who I was. Their tone was so
Insulting that I told them that It was none
of their business. They took me In charge
and carried me before General Otla. whose
headquarters was at Caloocan.
General Otis asked me to give an account
of myself from December 6 to that date. My
story did not satisfy the general and he sent
me to Manila, and I was taken before Major
Strong at Molate. I was questioned as on
my former examination, except that the major
asked me what I was doing with maps In my
possession. This was the first time I heard
anything about being suspected of having
plans In my possession. ¦ I was then taken
before Colonel Trench and the same questions
were asked me. I was placed In prison and re
mained there for months.
I don't know anything about maps or draw-
Ings and cannot find wfeat connection the au
thorities claim I had with them.. I cannot
speak Spanish or Tagalo, and never had any
connection with the rebel forces.
Charles Spencer Wants Damages for Alleged Wrongful De
tention by General Otis in Manila.
BRITON IMPRISONED AS A SPY
HAS A CLAIM AGAINST AMERICA
Who Elvira Garcia was "• no one then
knew, nor did Reed either In his will or
otherwise see fit to offer the slightest
explanation of his bequest. Elvira was
found to be the daughter of Mrs. Francis
Wood of San Francisco. The property
left to the child includes El Campo and
considerable land in California City. At
the time it was believed the family would
contest the will, but this it declined to
do, thereby adding another phase to the
mystery.
Several days ago Attorney Thomas P.
Boyd, on behalf of Vidal, petitioned for a
distribution to him in trust of the estate
of little Elvira. The opposition filed this
morning asks that the property be dis
tributed direct to her, notwithstanding
the terms of the will. The opposition re
lies upon the late decision of the Supreme
Court in the Fair estate case, wherein
"euch trusts were declared illegal. The
case will be heard In the Superior Court
on September 10.
At the time of bis death John J. Reed
was one of the largest land holders in this
county. He resided with his wife and two
crown children, a. son and a daughter, on
his beautiful property at Reeds Station.
Prior to his death he deeded much of his
land to the children. After his demise
his will developed a sensation. By Its
terms about $50,000 worth of property was
bequeathed to Gusto Vidal, his executor,
to .be held in trust for Elvira Garcia until
she should attain her majority.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 3.— The mysterious
bequest of the late John J. Reed of $50,
000 worth of property to eight-year-old
Elvira Garcia, the daughter of Mrs.
Francis "Wood of San Francisco, was
again brought to public notice to-day,
when Attorney G. W. Towle, on behalf of
the child, filed, an opposition to the dis
tribution of the estate as prayed for in
the petition of Gusto Vidal, the executor
of the Reed wllL .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANY CHANCES
IN THE FACULTY
TACOMA, Sept. 3.— The Alsak River in
Alaska was explored for the first time
this Burner I by Morton Maynon, formerly
of Oakland, Cal. Maynon had been a
member of the crew, of the steamer
Islander until July, when he left her to
engage ,~ In - prospecting. .. Hiring Klinena
Bill, a Chllkat Indian guide, and the lat
ter's squaw, Susie, he determined to see
a&j unmapped; portion of. Southeastern
Alaska, With the squaw to cook and Bill
to pack goods Maynon reached. the head-'
waters of the Alsak, having traveled by
canoe to the Porcupine district and thence
across to the- headwaters of the Klahena
River by. packhorses. ¦ -. ¦
Maynon found that- the Klahena heads
In a vast rolling moorland at an altitude
of 2000 feet. , This great moor is fairly
alive with marmots. Lower down the
mountain the country is spotted with open
places, interspersed with woodlands. The
open places afford luxuriant forage for
horses and cattle. Following up the Kla
hena,. they discovered, the glacier which
feeds that stream.
The country is of limestone formation
and the rocks are easily worn by water.
At one place the water had worn its way
through a tunnel nearly fifty feet long,
forming a massive natural bridge. Many
caverns were found, filled with stalactites
and stylagmites. .... • • ¦
Lower down- the stream Maynon, and his
companions., had. .two" thrilling 'escapes
from death,- first, while killing cinnamon
bears,- and, ..later. Trom going-over high
falls on the lower reaches of the Alsak.
-Where> they camped over night cinnamon
bears were observed coming -down to the
river in twos and threes to .fish for sal
mon. It was\a curious sight to see the
great, clumsy monsters paw out salmon
upon the bank and ; then suck the flesh
from the bones. -
.Maynon and the Indian resolved to kill
at least one bear apiece the following
night. To avoid the swarming of mosqui
toes the squaw made them mosquito armor
consisting of, an ointment of drying sal
mon oil and spruce pitch. There being no
darkness at that season, • Maynon and his
guide took their station behind rocks at
midnight. .
They had waited scarcely an hour when
the bears began to appear. Selecting the
largest two they fired simultaneously.
Both monsters showed fight, and rushed
upon the hunters. The latter shot repeat
edly,-but the bears were within twelve
feet of them before the bullets finally
brought them down.
¦Two nights : later, while t drifting ' down
stream they approached the edge of a
high cataract and saved themselves from
going. over it- only after a hard struggle
by stopping their raft against a projecting
rock, , upon which they climbed. The raft
went over the falls, and they were com
pelled to build one below the rapids.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Little Elvira Garcia Seeks to
Profit' by Decision in the
Fair Case.
Narrowly. Escapes Being
Killed by Bears'and Going
v Over a Cataract.
Litigation to : Involve
the John J. Reed
"Estate.
Oakland Man Encount
ers Perils in Wilds
of Alaska.
BRAVES DEATH
ON THE ALSAK
CHILD ATTACKS
TRUST IN WILL
LANDS BIGGEST STRIPED
Bi\S5 OF TH IS SEASON
0. W. Jackson, While Trolling in San Antonio Creek,'Hooks
a Twenty-Five Pounder; Which He Kills Inside of Twelve
Minutes—This Is a Recordi Catch Up to the Present Time
NIGHT PARADE
TO OPEN FETE
Natives Will Pour Into
Garden City on
Saturday.
Excursion Trains to Run From
Bay Cities and Down
Coast Points.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 3.— A monster street
parade, marching under the glow of red,
white and blue fire and torches and fire
works, will on Saturday night usher In the
Admission day celebration of 1901. Thou
sands of Native Sons and Daughters will
enter the Garden City at that time, and
for the following three days they will be
gtiests of the city. ¦'¦":'¦
Early on Saturday afternoon the first of
the visiting parlors will arrive. One large
contingent will come over the Coast divi
sion from the south: Santa Lucia Parlor
No. 97 will join the delegations from San
ta Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties
at Salinas. At Castrovllle Gabilan Parlor
No. 132 will be taken on. At every point
on the road the number will be swelled.
Watsonville No. 65 will add its forces at
Pajaro and Fremont Parlor No. 44 of Hol
llster will meet the through train as a
body at Gilroy. Later in the evening the
special excursion of Santa Cruz Parlor
No. 90 will. arrive over the Sou*th Pacific
Coast Railroad. Las Positas Parlor No.
96 of Llvermore will come over the Nlles
route, being joined by' Eden Parlor No. 113
of Haywards at. Nlles. * , ' ¦
The special excursion for : the suburban
cities of Berkeley, Oakland and Alameda
will start from Fourteenth-street depot,
Oakland, coming via Park street, Ala
meda, which latter point it will leave at 9
p. m. This excursion will bring the fol
lowing parlors: Berkeley No. 210 of Berke
ley; Oakland No. 50, Piedmont No. 120.
Athens No. 1S5 of Oakland; Brooklyn No.
151 of East Oakland; Alameda No. 47 and
Halcyon No. 146 of Alameda; Wisteria No.
127 of Alvarado and Washington No. 169 of
Centerville.
The main excursions bringing the twen
ty-four parlors of San Francisco, the par
lors from Marin County and the delega
tions from Contra Costa, Solano. Sonoma
and Mendocino counties will leave the
Third and Townsend street depot in San
Francisco at 9 p. m., arriving at 11. The
excursions will take on the various par
lors scattered along the railroad. Seaside
No. 95 of Halfmoon Bay and San Mateo
No. 23 will assemble in San Mateo; Menlo
No. 1S5.W1U join at Menlo Park, while
Redwood No. 66 will swell the crowd of
excursionists by adding its number at
Redwood City.
With the arrival of these trains the
celebration will begin. The San Jose par
lors of Native Sons and Daughters, to
gether with the delegations that arrive
early In the afternoon, will meet the
trains at the depot and escort the visitors
to the general headquarters, and then the
parlors will go to their respective head
quarters. At Native Sons' Hall the local
parlors will hold a reception. There will
be music,. dancing and refreshments.
The work the rest of the week devolves
upon the entertainment committee and the
decorating committee. Much of the for
mer's work Is completed and only the fin
ishing ' touches are needed to the pro
gramme that has been arranged. The
work of decoration has just commenced.
Thousands of yards of bunting is to be
put in place, and across the streets will
be stretched American and Bear flags.
Along the sides Japanese lanterns will
line the business streets, and these, with
the decoratipns of the merchants, will
give the city a fine appearance.
THTC SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ! WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
Men Are Killed by Lightning.
SAN DIEGO, Tex., Sept. 3.— At the
ranch of Cayetano RIos, five miles west
of this place, Luis Canerillo, Eustaclo
Rezendez, Ysabcl Lopez and Jesus Rios
were killed by lightning, and Juan Tre
vino fatally injured.
LONDON, Sept. 4.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Geneva says that In a
railway accident at Neuvevllle, Canton of
Vaud, Monday Miss Welther, an Ameri
can, had her skull fractured and one of
her less broken, ..v •.--••" . >c~.
American Injured in Switzerland.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 3— County As
sessor Jameson's efforts to make the big
oil companies, whose lands have a mar
ket value of $1000 to $3000 per acre, bear
their proportion of taxation is to be re
sisted in the courts. To-day suits were
filed against the county of Kern and As
sessor Jameson by the Elwood Oil Com
pany and the Bakersfield and Fresno OH
Company for the recovery of taxes paid
under protest. The suits are brought on
the ground that the title to the lands
rests in the Government and that the
possessory interests are not liable to tax
ation.
Oil Companies Fight Taxation.
The posse tracked the negro to his home,
where he was found in bed. The little
girl Identified him and he was then taken
out and shot end his body was burned
Miss Wilson Is In a precarious condition.
The .Sheriff and three deputies left to
night for the scene of the crime. >
TROY, Ala.. Sept. .. 3.— Bill Fournejv
alfaa Bill Hillyard, a negrro, charged with
assaulting. _ Miss Wilson .at- Chestnut
Grove, was shot and his body burned by
a mob near the scene of his crime to-day.
Miss Wilson, who is 16 years of age "and
the 12-year-old daughter of Dr. Carroll
were on their way to school at Chestnut
Grove, just across the line in Coffee
County, -when they were overtaken by the
negro. He seized Miss Wilson and the
little girl ran off. As'she did so the negro
fired -his pistol at her, but missed. The
little girl raised the alarm and soon a
posse was In. pursuit of the negro. When
they reached the scene of the crime they
found Miss- W'lson unconscious and ter
ribly bruised In the face and about the
head. " '
Assailant of a Girl in
Alabama Pays for
the Crime.
MOB SHOOTS
BRUTAL NEGRO
2
Cdttirrk
'¦' Is a constitutional disease.
It originates in a scrofulous condition ot
the blood and depends on that condition.
It often causes headache and dizziness.
Impairs the" taste, smell and hearing, af-
fects the vocal organs, disturbs the stomach.
• It is always radically and permanently
cured by the blood-purifying, alterative"
and tonic action of , .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
This great medicine has wrought the most
wonderful . cores of all I diseases I depending
on scrofula or the scrofulous habit. #
UOOD'8 Ku.8 are thekbert cathartic ;> ,- .
¦ ADV"EBTIS:EME2TTS. \ _j_'/
There are various ways to modify
milk, but if you want real modification
and not. mixtures, the best way, the
easiest way, the way to make the
nearest approach to mother's milk,
is to modify with Mellin's Food; it
truly modifies the casein of the milk
and makes it more digestible.
Pictures of handsome, laughing babies in out frea book, " Mellln'a Food Babies." Send for IS. .
You will be delighted with it. . /
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
1 Pianos Almost
f^yffliiif . -Given Away!
I \ .J&lplll A Take elevator at 933 Market St. to our
I \ vs V i <'?: i'j Piano warerooms, where, beginning- to-
Jfci"r-=^oi\\ fc&Z0**5rfe >^ day> wo commence a sale of all used
~ &T * K W-JPrn^MiT 'ft Pianos— squares, uprights and grands.
I JlMB.^ U i hese second-hand pianos will be sold
¦— \ . r -JES* J \ sAlff a. rronl J25.00 up. They are pianos we have
"^?T^ 1 WlkTl rO 1 taken In as part payment for Ludwlg,
\ \ -Jmfc^v -*"«=• ckard> Hardman, Everett, Steck,
1 VJ|jP^s5jt--rr^ : .Harrington and other pianos which we
- 4 Our. wareroom facilities at the' present
c =i \ n- - time are limited, ' and we cannot allow
tr~~. . 1 \ ? n accumulation of old instruments;
&£ Y? \X ' hence this sale. All these Instruments
**? J^% E^23> ' have been through our piano hospital
>*• .•>**- *****" and are in good trim for active use.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., Whol r i " e D a c^crt t '" 1 Piano
933 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. ' *
BRANCH, 951 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ADVERTISEMENTS. "£^_
E KATSCHINSK!
PHILADELPHIA SHOE 00.
IQ THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
What's More Up to Date
Patent Leather Oxfords?
Ladies know what a stylish
shoe means. It tones up the en-
tire costume and stamps the
wearer as being well dressed.
Patent leather Oxfords are the
favorites, but in the past have
been held so high as not to be
within reach of all. But we offer
a special. Just for this week: La-
dies' Patent Leather Oxford
Ties, coin toes and tips, hand-
turned soles and French heels, for
$l.O5 a pair.. Sizes 3 to 7J4,
widths A to E.
Little Gents* Vlci Kid Lace Shoes.
Wide coin toes and tips; double
soles and low, broad heels; reduced
from Jl 50 to jJJ .15 a pair; sizes
9 to 13%, widths B to E."
Agents for W. L. Douglas union-
stamped shoes.
We have no branch stores nor
traveling salesmen. ¦,-.-. . : ;
Country orders solicited.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
;:.< 10 THIRD STREET,
. San Francisco. 8
t SERGE'S; i
FAVORITE
SGRIPTION
, B WEAK WOMEN.
PjJ^JSaP INJECTION. $
i; A PERMANENT CURE I
. ' | ¦ of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhcsa ?
i J : and Gleet, guaranteed . In from 3 to S s
•* a { ' days ; no other treatment required. S
$ Sold by all druggists. 5NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— Three Chinese
lost their lives In a fire in Pell street In
the heart of Chinatown to-day. One of
them was instantly killed by jumping
from the third floor to the street. The
other two were found on the fourth floor
after the flames were subdued. They had
been suffocated. The damage to the build
ing, v.hlch was used as a restaurant, and
lodging house, was about $25,000.
Fire Ends Lives of Chinese.
Los Angeles Tax Sate lowered.
LOS ANGELES. Sept 3.— The City
Council to-day fixed the tax.levy for the
current year at SI 25. The levy Is based
on a valuation of $70,500,000. and Is a re
duction from, last year's tax, which was
?130.
Since the promoters of the St. Louis,
Kansas City and Colorado Railway, now
building east from St Louis, announced
that Clinton, Mo., la to be the line's des
tination, there have been rumors that the.
company will buy, or has already ar
ranged for the purchase of the old Blair
line from Kansas City to Clinton. This
road Is one of the two now owned by the
Frisco system that parallel each other
from Kansas City to Clinton. They are
so close together that one company can
hardly use both.
The St. Louis. . Kansas City and Colo
rado used to be a Santa Fe property, but
the construction of the present extension
wTest to Clinton Is in the hands of the
company In which John Sculling and Da
vid R. Francis of St Louis are the mov
ing spirits. Whether it is a Santa Fe
property yet and will make a Santa Fe
connection for St. Louis in time for the
World's Fair 13 a matter about which
there is no end of speculation.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. S.—X railroad
deal that may mean the Atcnison, Tope
ka and Santa Fe's entry to St. Louis
is said to be under consideration.
BOSTON, Sept. 3.— The yacht Independ
ence practically went out of commission
this afternoon after she had raced over a
course in Massachusetts Bay and beaten
a fleet of fishermen ten miles on a twenty
five mile course. The race was in almost
ideal conditions — a twelve-knot breeze and
a smooth sea. She went out to make
good Mr. Lawson's promise to Boston
people that he would race the Independ
ence off this port Fishermen and excur
sionists saw the yacht as she tried her
speed against the best fishermen which
go out for the sport, and it was like a
thoroughbred against a dray horse. Aftet
the exhibition the Independence .ailed
down the ship channel to Hull and was
towed to her berth to await the disposi
tion of her owner. It is -believed she will
be drydocked for dismantling.
Friends of Her Owner.
Sailed Off Boston as a Favor to the
INDEPENDENCE GOES
OUT OP COMMISSION
Santa Fe Railroad Men
Busy With an Impor
tant Deal
MAY RAVE LINE
INTO ST. LOUIS
PEKING, Sept. S.— United States Minis
ter Conger Is taking steps to reclaim the
small American concession at Tientsin,
the title to which has practically lapsed
of late years because of the Government
being unorganized and a majority of the
American residents being scattered among
the British and German concessions. The
American need for. the concession is
chiefly for military uses, so as to avoid
the experiences of last summer, when the
United States army had difficulty in get
ting quarters and docking facilities.
Li Hung Chang is becoming more feeble
and it Is not probable that he will be able
to act as chairman of the Council of
State.
BASLE, Switzerland, Sept. 3.— Prince
Chun's first invitation to visit foreign
governments was from the United States,
followed by invitations from Italy, Bel
gium, Great Britain and Japan. They have
all been accepted.
It is expected that Prince Chun will
stay a fortnight in Berlin and then return
to Italy, whence he will proceed to Bel
gium and England, going home by way
of the United States and Japan.
BERLIN, Sept 3.— The Call correspon
dent learns that Baron von Richthofen,
the Foreign Secretary, will assist En.
peror William at the reception of Prince
Chun, the Chinese envoy. Count von Bu
low will not be present. Kien Chang, the
new Chinese Minister here, will act as in
terpreter. No other Chinaman will be
present.
The Emperor will not receive the other
members* of the mission. Prince Chun, will
lodge as Emperor William's guest for two
days at the Orangery of the palace at
Potsdam. It is expected that Emperor
William will pay no further attention to
Prince Chun after his Majesty has re
ceived him in audience. ¦ ' .
POTSDAM, Sept. 8.— Prince Chun ar
rived here to-day. It is said that Emper
or William will; receive .him in the new
palace to-morow.
;".¦*¦ '.,.'¦. / , ¦„ . ._- *
Chinese Representative Ac-
cepts Invitations to Visit
Foreign Governments.
Prince Chun Intends to
% Lodge at Palace at
Potsdam.
WILL BECOME
KAISER'S GUEST
REPRESENTATIVE RACKET EXPERTS OF SAN FRANCISCO WHO WILL MEET THE TEAM FROM THE
SOUTH IN THE CONTEST FOR THE FIRST HONORS OF THE DOUBLES CHAMPIONSHIP EVENT ON THE
COURTS AT SAN RAFAEL. ' . .' ""-';",
SALINAS, Sept. 3.— A slight shock of
earthquake was felt here at about 7
o'clock this morning. The vibrations were
northeast and southwest, lasting four sec
onds. No damage was done. .« '.' ; ;;.
Salinas Feels an Earthquake.
SALINAS, Sept 3.— The first run of the
season was made by the Spreckels sugar
factory to-day. There is a larger force of
¦workmen employed this season than there
was last year and the crop of beets is ex
pected to be 60,000 tons. The mammoth
engines and the entire plant will be taxed
to their utmost capacity. It is estimated
that the run will continue until the middle
of January, and more sugar will be turned
out than at any time in the history of
this, the largest factory in the world.
Sugar Factory Begins Its Bun.
War — Lieutenant Colonel David P. Heap
and First Lieutenant Robert P. John
ston, engineer corps, to be members of
the California Debris Commission.
Navy— Joseph Foster, pay director, rank
of captain; Reah Frazer, pay inspector,
rank of commander; Edmund W. Bonna
fon, paymaster, rank of lieutenant: John
D. Barber, assistant paymaster, rank of
ensign.
Interior — Francis M. Elsey of Musco
gee. O. T.. to be chairman of referees to
assess and appraise damages for right of
way of the Fort Smith and Western Rail
road through the Choctaw Nation, Indian
Territory. •
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
Treasury— William A. O'Malley, third
lieutenant, revenue cutter service.
Appointments by the President.
Preident Bowerrnan to-day devoted the
principal part of his address to this topic,
declaring that the union fundB were
threatened with demolishment and that
the position was intolerable. He said the
Parliamentary committee favored an al
teration of the constitutions of the unions
with the object of minimizing their liabil
ity.
The House of Lords' decision of July 22
reversed the decision of the Appeal Court,
which dissolved the injunction rendered
August 30, 1900. in the High Court of Jus
tice, enjoining officials of the Amalga
mated Society of Railway Servants from
"watching and besetting" a railroad sta
tion and approaches with a view to in
ducing non-unionists to refrain from tak
ing the places of the strikers. The House
then held that it was not the intention of
the Legislature to prevent a trades union
from being sued if through Its officers it
is guilty of illegalities.
Besides this ruit the Taffvale Railroad
Is suing the Amalgamated Society of Rail
way Servants for £20,000 damages, in
curred as a result of the strike of 1900.
These suits will be strenuously defended,
but their seriousness puts in the shade
almost every other topic of dlscusioh.
' A delegate from Blackburn was served
with a writ yesterday restraining him
and the members of the Blackburn branch
of the Weavers', Winders' and Warpers'
Association from picketing Banister &
Moore's works, where a strike is now in
progress. , Damages and costs were
claimed.
SWANSEA. Wales, Sept. 3.— A commo
tion was cause! at to-day's session of the
Trades Union Congress here by the action
of some employers in endeavoring to re
cover damages, under the House of Lords'
decision of July 22 last, from labor or
ganizations for picketing by their mem
bers. ,%;.-„; -.-: ¦'<"-'
British Employers Re
sent the Practice of
Picketing. «
PITTSBURGH Sept 8.— Developments
t^nlay In the steel strike show sains for
the manufacturers. The accession of
thirty-two skilled men to the Star plant,
the Increased production at the Painter
end the Lindsay & McCutcheon mills, tha
defection from the strikers' ranks of sev
-5nty-fiv« machinists and pipe cutters at
the Continental Tube Works and fifty at
the Pennsylvania Tube Works, the Im
portation of twelve men to the Monessen
Steel Hoop Mill, and the installation of
three mills on the night turn at the Clark
Mill, all point to an early resumption all
along the line, as viewed by the. steel of
ficials.
The Amalgamated officials, however,
make the assertion that everything is
progressing satisfactorily and say that
much of tne supposed advantage of the
manufacturers is a. bluff and cannot be
made good. As an instance they cite the
l^indsay & McCutcheon plant, where the
company says it has as many men at
work as it can accommodate. The Amal
gamated people declare that James H.yr
ley. vice president of the first district, vis
ited the Lindsay & McCutcheon mill to
day in the guise of a roller seeking work.
He made an inspection of the mill, and
according to his report there are thirty
men at the works, six of Cwhom aro
skilled. The strikers also assert that at
the Monessen plant the product turned
out last week amounted to 250,000 pounds,
while before the strike the daily output
was 100,000 pounds.
Matters at McKeesport to-night are
quiet and to all appearances unchanged.
Strikers point to the fact that the ma
chinists who were persuaded yesterday
to leave the National Tube Works did not
Bo in to-day. The much-talked-of start
of the Demmler plant is still being dis
cussed and the attempt to etart is now
scheduled for the latter part of the week.
At Wheeling the strikers are holding
their own and there Is no Indication of
an attempt to start any of the shut-down
plants. The report from Canal Dover Is
to the effect that, although District Man
ager Cline promised yesterday that four
mills would be fired up this morning,
only one mill was fired. 'The strikers say
this was caused by the desertion of nine
of the non-union men who returned to
Vandergrift. from which place they cams
last Sunday.
Amalgamated leaders In Pittsbnrg do
not believe that there will be any inves
tigation of the charges made by Hickey
at Milwaukee. Secretary Williams said
to-day that if a committee should ccme
here for the purpose it would not be re
ceived by the Amalgamated officials.
President Shaffer, it is said, to-day re
ceived many indorsements of his course
--and encouragement to remain firm. The
is confident and professes to be
entirely satisfied with the progress of the
Etnke.
Packers Will Not Surrender.
OMAHA, Sept. 3.— The packers of
South Omaha have not had a conference
regarding the demand of the Amalga
mated Meat Cutters for an increase ot
pry, but individual packers say they will
not grant the demands of the men. One
packer said the men were now receiving
« and S4 o0 per day and getting steadv
employmc-r.t. and that their demand's
were excessive. To-night was the time
Bet by the cutters for an answer. When
The scale was presented to the packers
They were requested and not demanded
.o sign it_ For this reason the packers
believe that no strike will come.
DOG FOLLOWS WOUXD-BE
SUICIDE INTO THE BAT
Ecmains With Its Mistress Until She
Is Saved From Death by
Dro-Braingf.
SEATTLE. Sept. 3.-TokI, the young
daughter of T. Sugiyama, a well-to-do
Japanese laundryman. atttempted suicide
this morning- by Jumping Into the bay.
The attempt occurred in North Seattle,
near the foot of Virginia street Despon
dency, brought en by sickness, led the
Ciri to the act.
Kad it not be<?n for prompt action on
the part cf Thornas Jones, who works on
a pile-driver in the vicinity of Virginia
street, the g!rl probably would have been
drowned- Jones rescued her with some
difficulty.
A small white dog accompanied the grlrl
on her walks. When she jumped into the
bay it followed and remained with her
until she was rescued. When Jailer
Grant placed the girl In the patrol wagon
the little dog crawled up the steps and
!ay down near her. At headquarters he
T guarded her wet clothing that had been
removed and refused to let any person go
near it.
Victim of Sunstroke.
SALINAS. Sept. 3.— The first case of
sunstroke on record in Monterey County
occurred this afternoon. While working
with a hay press about four miles i from
town Edward Selby. aged 30, was over
come by heat and rendered unconscious.
He was brought to Salinas for medical
treatment and was pronounced out of
danger only after hours of heroic treat
ment The heat here has been intense
for several days, the thermometer at
noon to-day registering 102 degrees.
Curzon Talks of Education.
LONDON. Sept. 3.— According to the
Simla correspondent of the Times, Lord
Curzon, the Viceroy, in speaking of edu
cation, condemned the imitation of Eng
lish models and a great number of exam
inations. He also advocated religious in
struction not by the Government but by
private institutions, aided by Govern
ment rrants.
ASK DAMAGES
FROM WORKMEN
Officers and directors of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition Company, municipal
officials and others assembled this fore
noon on the site near the structural cen
ter of the grounds and there the stake
was driven by William H. Thompson,
president of the National Bank of Com
merce, in his official capacity of chair
man of the committee on grounds and
buildings.
President I>avid R. Francis of the Loui
siana Purchase Exposition Company, C.
P. Walbrldge, representing the commit
tee on ceremonies, and President Hiram
Phillips of the Board of Public Improve
ments, made addresses. At the conclu
sion of the ceremonies the stake, which
had been specially prepared for the oc
casion, was withdrawn for preservation
and a stake ordinarily used by surveyors
substituted for it.
According to the plans adopted .by the
commission of architects, the principal
buildings — Agricultural, Mines and Min
erals, Fisheries. Transportation and Fine
Arts— will be built on foundation lines
radiating: from the point where the first
stake was driven.
ST. LQUIS, Sept 8.-Just four months
from the date of organization of the Ex
position Company the first stake of the
World's Fair, to be held In 1903, to cele
brate the one hundredth anniversary of
the Louisiana purchase, was driven to
day on the site at Forest Park. :¦ • v
Amalgamated Officials De
da/e Chances of Success
Improve.
Officials.
Ground Is Broken at St. Louis
in Presence of the
Officers of Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition
v Are Busy.
Employers Gain, but the
Union Men Are Not
Discouraged.
STRIKERS FIRM
IN THE FIGHT
DRIVE A STAKE
FOR THE FAIR
NORTH AND SOUTH WILL MEET
IN TRIALS AT SAN RAFAEL
Doubles Tournament for Championship Honors" Lies Between
J. D. McGavin and CM/ Smith of This City and S. M.
Sinsabaughi and T. W. Hendricks. of Southern California
next six. Try ¦ as they would, however,
the local team could not land the set, los-
v». F. . Ij. Brown and Merle Johnson ; S. M.
Slnsabaugh and T. W. v Hendricks, a bye.
Individually, . J. D. . McGavin was the
bright particular star of the day. He
had one of his good streaks yesterday,
and when under its influence nothing in
local tennis ; circles but a Whitney or a
Hardy can stop him. He didn't stop yes
terday until he landed his team In the
finals, and their fchances for. winning to
morrow's match -are of the best. Mc-
Gavin's partner. Grant Smith, was a lit
tle bit off his game yesterday and in con
sequence the greater* glory Is due the
young university crack. Smith scored
"NEW .YORK, Sept. 3.— Funeral services
over the remains of ,. Brigadier General
William A. Ludlow, who died of con
sumption: at Convent, N. J.,' last Friday,
were held at Trinity Church In this^clty
to-day. The Rev. Edward H. C. Good
win, post at. Governors Island;
officiated.- The body was taken to Fresh
Pond, L. L, to be cremated, and the ashes
will be Interred at Oakdale, L. I. , (
Funeral of General Ludlow.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 3— Danler . Bein
merly,; a twenty-two .year, convict . at
Folsom^ sent up from Yolo In 1893 for
murder in the ; second ' degree, escaped
last night. Bemmerley had been-a "trua
tyV'for flVQ years, being employed at the
•chicken ranch, and was allowed . to sleep
outside the walls. He was missed, this
morning.- He is a German, 52 years old,
weighs 180 pounds,- Is 5 feet 11 inches high
and of medium complexion and large fea- i
tures. He -.walks ; with ; a shambling- gait,
Is fond of liquor and is likely to be found
about saloons. . " I
Murderer Escapes From Folsom.
TUCSON, Ariz., Sept. 3.— Carlos McCor
mlck, twelve years of age, shot and killed
Antonio Soto, a playmate sixteen years
of age, yesterday, with a 22-callber rifle.
A couple in a buggy drove by and Mo-
Cormick raise da rifle and said: "I will
take a shot at them." Soto prevented him
carrying out his intention and McCor
mick, in a rage, shot . and killed him. His
sick mother, on hearing what her son had
done,-- died' within a few hours from the
shock. ¦ .
ing His Shooting at a Passing
Buggy.
Kills Young Companion for Prevent-
tucson lad "wantonly
murders' a playmate
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Sept. S.—
The international tennis tournament was
finished here -to-day, E.R. Patterson of
Toronto winning. the finals In the handi
cap from H. H. Hackett of New York.
Patterson Beats Hackett.
R. J. Hunt nnd Ptrcy Murdock, a bye; A. E.
B«1I and H. H. Bralev va. J. D. McGavin and
G. M. Smith; W. B. Collier and H. "W. Crowell
Immediately upon the arrival of the
city delegation the drawing was held. It
resulted as fellows:
Though but six teams were on hand
when play was called, the entries were
unusually high class and representative.
"Each team, it seemed, had a fighting
chance and none could claim more. Much
interest was occasioned by the entries of
A. E. Bell and H. H. Braley, the South
ern California champions, and S. M. Sin
sabaugh and T. W. Hendricks, their fore
most competitors' in the south.
When play ceased late in the aft
ernoon but two teams remained to strive
for first place. They are J. D. McGavin
and G. M. Smith and S. M. Sinsabaugh
and T. W. Hendricks. the latter of South
ern California.
ALL day yesterday on the Hotel
Rafael courts the representative
doubles tennis teams of the coast
fought for championship honors.
Klondike Mine-Owner /Takes Poison
and Dies After Hours of
.A-Crony.
SEATTLE, • Sept. 3.— i>. . H. "Wright,
mine-owner and speculator, committed
suicide in Dawson on August 20 by taking
poison. He died after several hours of
dreadful agony.
"Wright was before a magistrate. a few
days previously on a charge of having
slapped his wife's face on several '. occa
sions. He broke down and wept bitterly
and told the magistrate that, a prominent
professional man had alienated the affec
tion of his wife. He said that the man
had called first on a matter : of business
and that later his calls were of another
nature. -Nothing, is known of Wright pre
viousito his coming ;to the Klondike. •
After lunch the semi-finals were com
menced. Slnsabaugh and Hendricks and
Collier and Crowell were first on the
courts. This match was marked by loose
playing on both sides. The* local men
piayed far below form,, and from re
marks by those who should know the vis- ]
kors, though winning, did no bettor. The
California Club team braced in the last
set and showed something like their true
form, but it was too late then, s After
winning two sets, 7 — 5. 8 — 6, Slnsabaugh
and Hendricks. ran up five games love on
their opponents, but here they stopped a
while, Collier and Crowell winning ' the
ENDS LIFE BECATT&E
OF WIFE'S INFIDEJLITY
\V. B. Collier and H. W. Crowell were
the victors in the second match. I Their
opponents were Merle Johnson and F. L.
Brown. Neither Johnson nor Brown is
a good player at the double game. The
score was G — 4, 6—1, 6—4.
many aces on his swift service and got
in some good shots at the net, but Mc-
Gavin's work was really excellent.
The first match of the day proved the
best. After "four sets of the most bril
liant tennis Smith and McGavin were
pronounced th« winners. But they knew
they had ,been playing tennis; and they
learned once for all what fast tennis in
the hot sun means. It took twenty-two
games to decide the first set. But once
before has such a set been played in a
tournament on the Hotel Rafael courts.
That was in the mixed doubles last week.
The first set went to McGavin and Smith,
as did the second. 6-4. The third was
marked by a decided brace on the part
of the Southerners and by a couple of
hazy decisions by the ump're. -The score
was 6—2, with Bell and, Braley on the
long end. In the fourth the local team
"went to it" with a rush and soon ran
the score up to 4-2. Here, however, the
southern champions braced again, and by
brilliant driving and terrific smashing tied
the score. The next two games, set and
match went to McGavin and Smith; to
tal score— 12-10, C-4. 2-6, fi-1.
A special match has been arranged for
this morning at 10:30 o'clock. At that
hour George F. and Robert N. Whitney,
the coast champions, will meet Alfonso
E. Bell and H. H. Braley, the champions
of Southern California. . ,
Throughout the day the playing of the
southern experts was watched with in
terest. A. IS. Bell i3 by far the most
skillful of the quartet. His playing . is
marked by a swift though rather erratic
drive, a terrific smash and a good serv
ice. In smashing the southern champion
often jumps high off the ground. Both
Bell and Braley exhibited great skill in
returning the deep lobs essayed by their
opponents. Slnsabaugh and Hendricks
show considerable -*iptitud* at the 'net.
Both have swift first services, «but- their
jrroun'd strokes do not seem particularly
effective. .
The final match will be played this .aft
ernoon at 2:30. On form McGavin and
Smith should win.
ing finally by a score of 11— 9. Though
close, the play in this match was scarcely
i-xcitlnir.
In the other half R. J. Hunt and P.
Murdock were pitted against McGavin
and Smith. An excellent match .resulted.
Murdock's pretty fore and back hand
drives and smashes and Hunt's all-round
steady play netted many points for the
Alameda team: but McGavin's terrific
clouting and skillful passing, together
with Smith's service and deep lobbing,
finally won the day. : Hunt and Murdock
won the third Set 6—3, and at this point of
the contest seemed to have their oppo
nents going. They lost the fourth set and
match, however. Score, '6—3, 6—1, 3—6,
C— 3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
3
DB. TTTT.-MTrR.-s SWAMP-BOOT.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Don't Enow it.
How To Find O-ttt.
Fill a bottle oc common glass with your
water and let It stand twenty-four hours; a
. » r"*<s, s r- sediment or set-
• /fcSCj tlin £ lndlcate3 an
~r%Fh (&> /S^ncToJ unhealthy .condi-
Xw'k \\^^M^\if tion of the kid-
UcA RZL-J&4/ i 1 V ne y s: lf U sta 11 **
W^Vrj245>£^£>) your linen It la
evidence of kld-
iSs \\/ m &LJr* ney trou b-«; t0 °
**5"TV\)£/y frequent desire to
~ jS'^z^z^^^JSs pass it or pain In
.,-¦ ¦-...- . the back Is also
convincing- proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order. '
Wliat to "Do.
There Is comfort In the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish in curing rheumatism, pain In the
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects inability
to hold water and scalding pain in passing
It, or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized, ft stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have tha
best. Sold by druggists In 50c. and$l. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery |KyJt gv l
and a book that tells fgaligsWi^ijSiS
more about it, both sentlg^i^llfejffiftjja
absolutely free by mail,
Address Dr. Kilmer & Homo of Swamp-Boot.
Co., Binghamton, N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this pftn-rou*; offer in this paper.
| €w€£ QtET* *$€$fUpl(8& §
I We h i ve just rerei ved direct from the most reliable cloth y
| mil's in -America ajine of fall and winter materials for our ||
H $io.co made-tc-oruer suits.' These very mills are selling' »
H \ he very same qualitv of'doth to other firms about the S
H country, and these firms are making the cloth into fifteen- 1
II do'iar garment 11 . ¦ We know this to be a fact. We are able Q
11 to m-ke the clothes to order for $10.00 for many reasons, a
H In the first place there is not very much profit at the price, |
H anywav; we buy the cloth in larger quantities than any g
i| other firm— buy for three stores and a large wholesale M
if] business all at once — and we get an inside price because fj
II cf our extensile purchases; we employ a labor-saving 3
III. system of cutting and making. At every turn in the 3
pl making of our clothes we save money, and the customer 3
H gets the benefit. 'a
H| Why dor>'t you eet some of our samples and compare 3
II them with others? We are reaJy to stand by the com- ja
i| parison even after the clothes are made up — you can have 'Jj
H your money backif you are not satisfied.. .Furthermore, ja
In we will keep the clothes in repair free for a year, -*3
H You save money, run no risk, and get a repairing a
H guarantee. CoulJ you'ask fo* more when buying clothes? M
11 May we supply yp--i with samples? • .
HD Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through a
H our self-measuring system. Write for samples. *3
I TIS; Market Street and |
II Cop. Powell & Eddy Sts, jj
W&^^^^m t$i u- !t is With P Icaiure th* 4 I dro P V ou a fcw Iincj in thanks to you for your wor.derful [tS
£&£&& l**&n Wi eof Cardui, which 1 have been taking. I have been married 22 years. I have never Maa
t£Sg0&tt**2rf&l*5 %k an y f hiIc * rcn . but I have suffered as much as any woman of my age- I have tried %$l
IgBiBaj£ai8Sv^*j * ome °f the beit physicians in our county, and while thcy would give me some relief, my VN9
E2p£i^&^a^tara AAr^ suffering .would soon return. I have tried every kind of patent medicine, but I will say Mf
IS^^^^JMfelA \'\|| ' have never found anything to equal Wine of Cardui. MRS. MATT1E ERVIN. g|
|WK5i y^PPiiir! Hf *^ e wornan w ho has suffered knows the torture of female troubles and j||
Mfe^ J&$$WL tl C aV^ U ' ? CmC °^ t!c i cciion w^ c^ S oes w 'th em - crc are women '" this Jf
&% Jp^C^^^^^lVlk. f%k °^ cn< * ur ' n 3 c agony of female troubles, day after day, because thcy believe 1$
1 1 VibMlfia *** C on 'y wa y to sccurc relief is through a doctor's private examination and te
WlfMz^fliaMtWsm sub$e( i ucnt operation. Mrs. Ervin's experience proves that doctors often fail J|
WlWJyWJWi 'IlilMwm com P letel y in bating female troubles. She tried the best o?*.es in her county M
%M'iffJ//W/ff///BM!\M^k and thcy dld her no P ermanent £ ood - Doctors have so many cases thcy do not «
l^¥i$l!l(ff///ii$iMm%fm k*™ timC *° mike s P ccialties of a!l kinds of diseases. .V, M
EW Is a specialist A million women wiil tell that it will, in nine cases out of ten, bring complete relief. You §1
ggi need not abandon yourself to a life of suffering. Suffering comes from weak organs which cannot properly 1&
Ega perform their functions. The over-taxing and strain makes pain. Wine of Cardui makes the female J|
||j organs strong and healthy. Then the shooting pains in the hips and abdomen disappear i headache, ||
tM backache, and other symptoms are banished and the patient feels like a different woman. Relief comes is
KJI quietly at home without any one knowing it when you take Wine of Cardui. AH druggists sell $1.00 bottles. M
£Jg For adrice and literature, addres's, giving symptoms: ,"Tho Ladies' Advisory V
ehm Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. ,.-. • ' . flfe' SECOND. DAY. EVENTS,OF THE STATE FAIR AT SACRAMENTO. BLACK BART SURPRISED ALL, BY BEAT
ING NORA McKINNEY AND MIDNIGHT WIGGLED IN IN THE 2:20 CLASS ~ PACING ' RACK FOR A FAIR
1 ; sized stake. f •' ' ';':. \ . / . .'*¦ '• ¦ . ' ¦:;.¦,.:,.;:.;¦ V- ¦ •¦• ¦¦,"-...
Jockey J. Ransch arrived to-night and
will be seen in the saddle to-morrow.
The fairly good selling plater, Gaylon
Brown; died at the-. track to-day:
Walter Jennings is fathering- a petition
that has for its object the abolishment of
the recall flag In. starting at the coming
winter racing season. . '.
Notes of the Sleet.
McCarthy, the Iron man, tossed- the- les
over Eonlc, favorite for the six furlonrf
selling affair. Logue. on David S, a 4 to
1. chance, cut out his own pace, scamper
ing over the linexfour lengths before the
choice In 1:13%".* Grafter made a miserable
showing.
Foucon, the old-time Western rider, In
the pilot house on Sir Hampton, favor
ite for the closing- mile run. .caught the
breeze first and simply blew in. The
brown horse is good right now. and had
plenty in reserve when he finished two
lengths in advance of Coming, Event. The
show fell to Merops. • : .
third, .several, lengths away.
. While Johnny Campbell's Iriocencla'
was accorded some support for the twe
year-old scramble; Glendennlng, the 3 to
5 choice, made a spectacle of his field,
winning in a big 1 gallop.. Flo Culver. ran
third behind Inocencla. .-¦• -. ¦ ' ~
Fifth— Three-year-olds and up, purse.
ono mile. Entries: Cromwell 105, J.
Bo££s 105. Wardman 109, Key Dare 104, Sir
Doup-al 110.
Sixth— Three-year-olds and up, selling,
three-quarters of a mile. Entries; Cath
erine Bravo 103. Katie Walcott 104, Pres
tldlgitator 114. Galene 104, Galanthus 101.
Mamie Hlldreth 104, Gusto 116,' Fine Shot
107, .Good Hope 111, .PftJaua 104, Lou
CHevden 99. _. ¦
Fourth— Shafter stakes, three-quarters
of a mile. Entries: Evea G 105, Divlna
105, Achilles 108, Royalty 105, Water
scratch 108, Rubina 105.
Second race, pace, for all horses eligi
ble to the 2:18 class;, entries close at track,
Wednesday, 9 a. m.
Third race, selling, three -'year-olds and
up. three-fourths mile: Canderos 101, Lit
tle Gun 101. Roundhead 99. Ravino 102,
Phelson 110, Grady 110, Bob Palmer 102,
Cavanaugh 102, San Augustine 105. Little
Sister 107, McFarlane 10*. Puet Etre 102,
Miss Vera 101, Toribio life, Heraldo 110,
Pongo 105. Chaste 99, Mefford 105.
The card to-day is as follows:
First race, pace, 3 In 5. Entries: As
mont, Alone; Joe Evlson, Fidelity, Pearl
Sinclair.
P. Ruiz dropped in from Montana this
evening, t
. Charles T. Patterson, -who owned and
trained the great Ornament,- arrived here
to-day. Mr. Patterson is the owner of
All Green and other horses and will prob
ably lease and train a portion of the
Burns & .Waterhouse string. ; His horses
will get here the latter part of the week
along with the Burns & Waterhouse sta
ble that has been racing on the Chicago
tracks in charge of George Tuthlll.
The summary of the racing Is as follows: i
, First race, -pacing, 2:20 class, heats, 3 In 5;
purse |300.
Midnight, blk. g. by Nutford-by Gran
dee (J. Donohue) 1 12 1
Bankers' Daughter, b. - m. by Arthur
Wllkes'(W. Brown) S 3 12
Our Boy's Sister, ch. m. by Bay wood
(C. Bunch) 3 2 3 r.
Advertiser, br. h. by Advertlsor (Laf
ferty) 4 4 4 r.
B. S. Dillon, ch. g. by Sidney Dillon '
(Bamagc) 2 5 dls.
DIableta, b. m. by Diablo (Dwaln)... dls.
Mlramonte, b. m. by Diablo (H. D. -
Brown) ....... dis.
Time. 2:14%. 2:14%, 2:15%, 2:17.
Second race, trotting, 2:49 class, heats, 8 In 5;
purse ?809. ¦ . .•¦¦'.. . * '. •
Black- Bart. ' blk. <h. by Robln-by
Williamson's Belmont (Qulnn) ... 7' 2 111
Nora McKinney,' b. m. by McKin
ney (Bunch) .. .;...... ,'11 3.2 2
Oil Struck in Oklahoma.
¦GUTHRIE.-O.;-T.. : Septl'S.— At Granite.
-O. T., this afternoon a gusher of oil was
utruck at a depth of 3W:fect. The flow is
V*rv heavy and has created great excite-
Trotting j Races at Hartford.
HARTFORD, Conn.', \ Sept. 8.f-Grand circuit
meet at Charter Oak Park summary: '
2:30 class, trotting, . $3000— Country. Jay
won three straight heats In 2:13%; 2:13,'2:15%.
Rosy, Hamward. Pondexter : and Iva Dee ¦ also
started. , "'- ¦ ; . ;.' \" ¦_;.-. ; ; '¦ '-' r ;j ; - ; ." ¦.-¦".'
2:S0 class, pacing, $3000— New Richmond won
the thirds fourth and fifth heats-In 2:14,- 2:15.
2:14. Terrace -Queen won 5 the first and second
heats In 2:10%, 2:13. Tommy Me also started.
2:19 Class, trotting, -purse I $3000— Neva Sim
mons won three ¦ straight heats In 2:12.' 2:13>4.
2:15. Helen Grace.' Ertra.-- - Baron 'Bell,- Re
elected, Limerick and Quoddy Girl also started
'. BOSTON.. Sept.;! 3.— Pittsburgh made- it; three
I straight from Boston, > winning i to-day's game
easily. • Boston could do nothing with Philtppi'a
¦NEW YORK, Sept.' 3.— New York's ball team
Is now. In last place.- For. nearly four months
and until ' to-day - the Chicagos occupied this
position, but the latter . played so much better
ball to-day that the result was' never in doubt.
Attendance, 1500. Score: < ? .- ¦•- ¦ ¦¦•':
¦<¦-";•: -f- ¦ ,-.;-- ¦¦ ..:. - ¦;.. ' S ;V ;i.H.'" n. - K.
Chicago. ..< ;.......;;. ..10 -. 14 - '3
New York...;.....;... 4 10 4
Batteries— Maul and Warner; : Men«fe« and
Kahoe.. Umplre-^Emslle. v" •\. •
Batteries— Murphy and Nichols; Newton, Kit
son and Ahern.; Umpire— Nash. • ; , ' H '
Batteries— Powell and Ryan; Donovan and
Farrell: - ' ... ' ¦- • . " .- ;
1 Second game — ;" . '. . R. H. v ¦' E.
St.- Louis ...........:. .1. ..'... 8 14 '2
Brooklyn ;.. 7 '..'.10 3
. The Brooklyns took the lead in the fifth in
ning of the second game and had. the victory
apparently safe up to; the ninth ' inning, when
St. Loul3 scored ¦ four Tuns. Attendance, 4S00.
Scores: - . . : .
First, game— . , . R. H. E.
St. Louis...... /......'.... :....;.;'3 8 \ 2
Brooklyn.. 8 18 v 0
BROOKLYN*. Sept. -3.— Brooklyn and St. Louis
broke even In their double-header to-day. The
home team won the first game by a fine rally
in the fifth, : when five singles, topped oft by
Dahlen's three-bagger, scored five runs. Dono
van had the visitors guessing I after the fifth
Inning and placed nine strikeouts to his credit.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Third rav:<» one mile and an-, eighth, selling —
Laspara won.- Miss Tberesa :~ second. Orris
third. Time, 1:56%. *'^\ \ . - \y>*
Fourth race; six furlongs,- selling— Miss Go
llghtly won. Dandy Jim second,' Lady. Bram
ble third. Time.. l:16*i. . ¦ , .¦¦
Fifth race, one mile. - selling — Menace won,'
Kitty Clvde second,. Zazel third. Time, 1:41 %.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling—Honey
wood won. Eight Bells second, ' J. } V. Hayes
third. Time, 1:29%. - • • •-. ¦> •••¦ , •
First raca. five furloncs. ' selling— Ogle won,
Barthome Second, Mlss^Gaynes Time,
1:01%. ¦ .•:¦'/;¦¦¦ :'":-• ¦'¦.:¦
Second. ra?e, seven furlongs, selling— Percy
R won. ln-p. Clonsilla"-' second; John Morton
third. Tim.*. 1:2S',4. - v-<- " ;•/,; -¦¦ . .. .
ST. LOUIS. Sept 2.— Delmar Park summary
. Fourth .race, .one, mile, end . seventy 1 yards;
selling— Mettle 'Regent won,' -El- Caney .second,
Tony Lepplng third. Time, l:4S',i- '
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards. 1 sell-
Ing— Golden Sceptre won. Man. of Honor sec
ond, Joe Collins third. -Time, 1:4S. : :
Second race. -bIx furlongs, selling— Likeness
won, Eva's Darling second, Fireside third.
Time. 1:15^. ... . . -¦',.• ;•..,.. V
Third race, five and a half fuilongs,' selling; —
Parnassus ..won. Little Scout Becond, Ravens
bury third. Time, 1:08%. : : ¦ k j
First race, five furlongs, purse — Pretorlus
won, Frank Jones second, Duela third. Time,
l:02«4. ¦ . . ¦ ' :» ¦ 7
Sixth race, one • mile, selling— Cherry Wild
won. Punctual second, Cogswell third. .Time.
l:«V4- , ' > " • - .': , ; ::.:. ;
ST. LOUIS, Sept 8.— Klnloch Park ' sum
mary: 1 • . .. ¦ -. ¦ ¦
Similar won. Ingot second, . Bourbon King third.
Time, 1:09%.
McGinnity Pitches Two Games, Win
ning One and Losing the
J . Other. :
. : '¦ . AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PETROIT, Sept. ' 3.— After Detroit had tied
the score In the ninth Inning on two singles,
Meyer's 'wild throw and a sacrifice, Washing
ton won In the tenth with three singles and
abase on balls. Attendance, 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington ...4 10 1
Detroit.... 2 7 4
*.-* Battevles— Mercer jfand Clark; Teager, .Shaw
ami. McAllister. ¦
I MILWAUKEE, Sept. 3.-Baltlmore and Mil
waukee split even on the double header this
afternoon. Baltimore 'shutting out the Brew
ers In the first c»me and losing the second to'
the'loeals. Attendance, 1500. Score:
¦ First game— R. H. E.
Milwaukee 0 6 5
Baltimore 10 14 *1
Batteries— Sparks and Maloney; . McGinnity
and Bresnahan. ¦
! Second game— R. H. ? E.
Milwaukee .....:. 8 9 4
Baltimore ,......•;:.•...'.¦... 1' 5.'. - 2
Batteries— Ilustlng and Maloney; McGinnity
and Bresnahan.
-, CHICAGO. ; Sept. 3.— Philadelphia won a close
and exciting game to-day in the first. Two
errors [ and a scratch single filled the bases,
all three scoring on ; Mclntyre's long double.
•Only two hits were made. oft Callahan/in the
remaining innings. Attendance, 2S0O. . Score:
v .¦:.':;¦¦- ;¦ ¦ ' ¦¦ . : -r; rvai' "e.
¦ Chcago 2 . ' S 5
Philadelphia.... 3 " ¦'< 1
'Batteries— Callahan arid'Sugden'; Fraser and
Slectman. -. . ,.- ¦- -. . • > ,
CLEVELAND. Sept. '• «.— Cleveland established
a new; record this ¦ afternoon by administering
two'coats of whitewash to Boston. 1 '. .Moore and
ChrlBtall, the new pitchers secured from Al
bany, pitched grand ball and ; received •! almost
faultless pupport. Lewis held Cleveland down
to two nita, in the first game,; errors allowing
BASEBALL MATCHES ON
THE EASTERN DIAMONDS
The regular Olympic Club ticket . met
-with; perfect feuccess yesterday in the an
nual j election. There was no opposition.
"- The . officers who will serve during- the
-ensuing year are: : -.;-¦,"¦':;¦¦
:. .William Greer Harrison, president; Henry R
Mann, vice present; "John Elliott, secretarv-
Henry B. Russ/ treasurer; John A. HammeV
t-tnlth. Jearter: George Jame*/- captain: .1 C B
« IJebbard. William D.. Shea. O. B. Burns/Harry
-. V.- Ramtdrll (two jean), ¦Washington Podge
• (two yeans), directors.
Olympic Club Election.
District of Columbia are" running away
with the team matches at the Seagirt, N.
J.'. rifle range. To-day they added two
more victories to their credit by winning
the interstate regimental and company
matches. In tbe regimental match they
•were closely followed by the team from
the Thirteenth Canadian Infantry and
the Twelfth Regiment of Ncw.York. Each
of these teams had a total of 540 but the
Canadians having made the better score
at the longer range won the second place
The Canadians', score at the 500-yard
range gave evidence of extraordinary
marksmanship. Private Skedden made a
"possible" and was closely followed by
Major Wilson and Lieutenant Ross, each
of whom . scored 49.
- In the company team match there were
eleven entries. The. first team of Com
pany A. Sixth Battalion of the District of
Columbia, won this event with the score
fff 308. Battery B of Boston .was next with
291, and tlie First City Troop of Philadel
phia was third with a total of 285.
i.Private Skedden of Canada Makes
.' a Possible oh Five-Hundred-
Yard Target.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.-The rifle shooters
who represent the Xational Guard of the
HIGH-CLASS SHOOTHTCt
ON SEAGIRT RANGES
' Batteries— Chrlstall and Wood; Mitchell and
Schreck. ¦¦¦¦''¦.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.^President Johnson of the
American League to-day lifted the suspension
from Jack Katoll, pitcher for the White Stock
lngB. Katoll had been suspended during the
Shugart-Haskell trouble In Washington, for hit
tins Umpire Haskell with the ball.
Batteries— Moore and Wood; Lewis and
Crlger.
Second game--. , R. . H. E.
Cleveland 4 8 2
Boston ......:... 0 6 "5
Cleveland to score. Attendance, 2013. Scores:
First game— ¦ . ¦* • ¦ . ¦ R. H. E.
Cleveland ................ .... 1 2 0
Boston .:;.¦.....;....... 0 ¦¦' ¦: 2 -2
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— K. Montgomery
Smart of the Produce Exchange received
a dispatch this, afternoon from J. H.
Kirjgrsley. agSit O f the English'syndlcate.
who placed $150,000 on the Shamrock at
Pittsburg to-day, saying he is ready with
JlaO.OOO at the same odds, or half that
sum. Mr.. Smart immediately communi
cated with the Broadway broker who ; ar
ranged the former wager and has since
put up $10,000 against $8000 that the Sham
rock win not lift the cup.
More American Money.
Nat Herreshoff spent several hours
aboard the Constitution altering her
trim. The new main sail which was bent
at Bristol when the boat was overhauled
for these trial races was unbent and the
old main sail which she carried when she
first came out was substituted. The cup
committee does not wish to select, the de
fender in a. hurry. It wishes to have the
question of superiority settled definitely.
Therefore a race every day this week
will in all probability be sailed.
NEWPORT. R. I., Sept. 3.— The cup
challenge committee of the New York
Yacht Club-^decided not to send the Con
stitution and the Columbia to race to
day, as had been originally intended.
There were two reasons, the first being
the probability of a day without any
wind, the second that Mr. Duncan wished
to overhaul the Constitution thoroughly
before Fending her to the line again.
So surprised are all connected with the
Constitution at the unsatisfactory show
ing she has been making since she was
hauled out for cleaning at Bristol that a
diver was engaged to-day to examine her
bottom for obstructions to her speed. He
spent a couple of hours under water and
reported that he could discover nothing
amies.
Defender Since Last Per
formance.
Much Concern Is Felt for the Ne^7
DIVER SENT DOWN TO
- , EXAMINE CONSTITUTION
Summaries of Racing Programme on
Five of the Eastern
' " Tracks. . ;
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— Sheepshead results:
• "First race, five furlonsrs— Josepha. won. Octo
roon second, Emma A. M. third. Time, 1:00 1-5.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling— Redpath
won. Bowen second. Satire third. Time, 1:26 3-5.
Third race, the Partridge, six • furlong*, on
th* turf Gay Boy won. Flora Pomona second,
Sunshower third. .Time. 1:15. • .
Fourth race the. Flying handicap, six fur
longs—Dublin won, Helna secflnd. Paul Clifford
third.' Time. 1:12 4-5. • . •
Fifth race, one mile — Kilorram won. Belle of
Troy second. Bedeck third.' Time. 1:39 2-6. \
Sixth race, one mile and three-quarters. sell
ing—Fatalist won, Aator { second, Belgrade
third. Time. 8:06 2-5.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— Harlem results:
First race, five furlongs — Hoodwink won.
Golden Giitter second, Cocoa third. . Time,
1:01 2-5.
S«cond race, six and a half furlongs— L.yror
liell won. Kmma C. L. second. Patroon third.
Time. 1:21U- -• . . ¦
Third ract?, six and a half furlonjrs— School
for.Scandnl won, Mondoro second, Synla third.
Time. 1 :20. ; : ¦
Fourth race. -.one -mile— St. Marcos won; -Lady
Rtrat:-4more second, Denman r - Thompson third,
/rime, 1:39 4-5. . . ¦
Fifth race, one mile and a hundred' yards —
Gluster won. Kunja -second,- MacQyle third.
Time, 1:47 2-5. ' . . . t ' :¦
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling:— Xellie ."Wad
dell won. McChesney second, J. V. Klrby third.
Time, 1:18 1-5. - . •
Seventh rare, one mile and an eighth, selling
—Kentucky Babe. won,-. Dagmar second, Zaca
tosaitMrd. Time,. 1:50. •*. . . , , .
. FOUT ERIE, Sept. 3.— Results:
First race. six. furlongs — Talulu won Dr.
Fanny second, Maggie TV third. Time 1:16 •
Second, race, five furlongs, selling-Halmetta
¦ivon. Silver Chimes second. Cat's Paw' third.
Time, 1:04. ¦ .
- Third race, five ahd a half furlongs, selling—
"T C infe*?l6u DaVlta BeC0D<1 ' Th e Brother third.
• Fourth race, five and a 1 half "furlongs. Belling
— Edinborough won Flaneur second. Badge Bell
third. Time; l:03»i. . . . - ¦ . : -
Fifth race, five and a half furlons's, selling—
. tame after the big holiday crowd
of yesterday. Still there was plenty of
money in sight and no plaints were heard
from the ring. Another beautiful day
favored the sport and some splendid rac
ing was witnessed. Midnight, -an over
whelming favorite in the betting, Wiggled
away with the 2:20 class pace, but Nora
McKinney, handled .by Farmer Bunch,
went down to defeat after having two
heats of the 2:40 trot to her credit, Black
Bart turning .up winner.
In the running events first choices
oloped with two of the four numbers, the
chief surprise being the defeat, in the
Flash stake of Bookmaker Caesar Young's
sprinter, Meehanus, the 2 to 5 favorite.
In a long hard drive the chestnut horse,
carrying 122 pounds, was beaten out less
than a length l>y Flush of Gold, the filly
equaling the track record of 1:13 for six
furlongs. . --. ,. "-. t ¦ -¦ ¦ • • ¦- ' .'
The cheap white .hat with blue band
fraternity bagged a little sure coin on
Midnight when the auction pooling began
on the 2:20 pace. ( - Tlie gelding sold a 10
to 6 : favorite over his field and should
have won In three straight heats.. With'
two heats In young Donahue, the fa\*or
ite's teamster, grew overanxious in the
third, drawing his whip down the stretch
while holding • a commanding lead.- Op
posite the paddock Midnight broke and
Brown, behind Banker's Daughter, an
nexed the heat In 2:15^*. -The heat winner,
was 6 to 1, the first choice being held a
1 to 3 chance.
Notwithstanding this setback the fa
vorite came out fresh for the fourth and
deciding heat, and when Banker a Daugh
ter went in the air after passing tise h;iif,
the- choice came home at leisure. Our
Boy's Sister made three game ulds for the
purse, but was outfooted, though getting
third money.
Stylish looking Nora . McKinney also
ruled a top heavy - favorite both in
the auction pooling and in the
booking on heats. ' She made pleasant
trips ardund the ellipse, and it was Just
as easy as rolling down Telegraph Hill.
Then after finishing seventh In- the open-
Ing and second in the following • heat,
Black Bart made the talent throw up
their hands. Challenging Nora when the
stretch was reached in the third heat,
he caught the mare stopping badly, and
despite Farmer Bunch's - "hiking" and
skill' Bart won by a length in 2:17*i. It
was plainly apparent now the McKinney
mare was all in, and .Bart now enjoyed
first call in the booking done. Driven
with rare Judgment by'.J. Qulnn he gath
ered the next two heats like a real gentle
man. Cornelius D, over which Walter
Maben held the ribbons, secured third
money.
Quite in line with the balance of the field,
which were of the feather-weight variety,
only five went to the post for the Flash
stakes, ' six furlongs, worth $670. Mee
hanus, the mount of McCarthy, was al
ways a warm favorite. After a slight dp
lay Starter Brooks sent, the bunch away
prettily aligned. Narra G jumped away
in the lead, trailed by True Blue and the
favorite. Waiting until the bend for home
was reached, Hoar,' on the 4 to 1 chance
Flush of Gold, slipped through and in a
drive lasting over an- eighth of a mile,
led Mcehanus out less -than a length,
which latter was 'cut oft! just after the
start. Byron Rose, poorly ridden, ran
CAUGHT THE JUDGES' EYES /'
ON EASTERN COURSES
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 3.— There was
a decided lull in both the attend
ance and betting at Agricultural
Park this afternoon, it seeming
Over " Seabrlght she was put about and
a series of sail 'drills began. Seven men
climbed out an the bowsprit, while twelve
manned the balloon jib topsail halyards.
The small jib topsail came down and was
towed on the bowsprit in about forty sec
onds. . The next moment the balloon in
etops was being passed out and snapped
on the stay, bo that In less than four min
utes after the order was given the sail
was set and its sheet trimmed down.
Later the stay sail and jib were taken in
to allow the ballooner to draw and at the
same time: the yacht was kept oft for
home. Under this sail she was doing
about seven knots In the smooth water.
The breeze was not over Jive knpts in
strength.
~:Af3:iiO Captain Sycamore gybed her to
-starboard, the ballooner came tumbling
down • on the bowsprit to be caught by
. seven pairs of hands and passed in board
In a Jiffy. In a few moments a larger
bal'.ooner was sent up in stops and broken
out. It rras a beauty. . Suddenly sixteen
men crabbed the after end of the spln
riaker boom and ran forward with it
•while others hoisted the sail up to .the
masthead from the forehatch. In just
three and a. half minutes from the time
the signal was given the beautiful linen
sail was set, its thirty cloths gleaming in
• Q)e sunlight like Bilk. Mr. Jameson or
dered it down after it had been set for
ten minutes, and the yacht was ' then
hauled closer to the wind and, headed for
Gedneys Channel... She made good time
from there to her moorings in Sandy
Hook Bay, where at 5:30 o'clock she made
fast for the night.
Trimming sheets down flat after passing
the point of the book, the Shamrock step
ped oft, at. an eight-knot clip at once,
working her way out to sea with a fair
tide under* her lee. Three tacks brought
her to the entrance of Gedneys Channel
and 'it took her only nine minutes to sail
its full length, one and an eighth miles.
Going about to the port tack after clear
ing the channel. Captain Sycamore kept
the yacht going. in the light breeze down
the Jersey coast.
It was 2 p. m. when the yacht slipped
her moorings and filled away on the star
board tack.
Sir Thomas Lipton and party arrived at
Sandy Hook from Newport at 11:15 o'clock
thus morning. The crew of the Shamrock
turned to early in the morning and began
bending another mainsail, one that had
been used on the other side in the yacht's
trials on the Clyde, and which Sir Thom- :
as declared was a -better " one" than that
U9ed here for the past week. The sail was
bent and hoisted.
rjCEW YORK, Sept. 3.— With her owner,
designer, builder, manager and aailmaker
on board, the yacht v Shamrock II sailed
her seventh trial race to-day off Sandy
Hook and. the . Highlands .of Naveslnk.
; Although, at' times there wag; not moro
than a three-knot breeze, 'at rib time did
"the- yacht act sluggishly. She slipped
through the water at a good rate of speed:
under the influence of her' great mainsail
and little Falls. The water' was smooth,
but even when pressed to a speed 'of nine
knots the yacht, made a small -wave at
the bow and left an absolutely clean
wake.
Water.
Seventh Trial Race Off Sandy
' '.,. Hook in Very Smooth
In a Light Breeze Gives
Satisfactory Per
. formance.
CHALLENGER'S
GOOD BEHAVIOR
Black Bart Surprises Nora McKinney After
the Latter Has Won Two Heats Handily
in the Two-Forty Class Trotting Race
Midnight Has an Easy-Time of It in Winning
the Two -Twenty Class Pacing Event
•-.. From a Number of ¦ \ 'Record' 'Holders
FIRST CHOICES BREAK EVEN WITH OUTSIDERS IN TUESDAY'S
RUNNING EVENTS AT THE STATE FAIR AT SACRAMENTO
GREATEST BET
EVER RECORDED
Pittsburgers Give Five to
Three on the Cup
Defender.
Four Hundred Thousand
Dollars Put on the
Yacht Race.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 3.— The great inter.
national yacht bet of 5400,000 between an
English syndicate represented by "Walter
J. Klngsley of London and a group of
Pittsburgers, represented by William I.
Mustin. was finally arranged this after
noon. The entire gum was deposited In
the hands of the stakeholder, Mr. Kings
ley turning over $150,000 in British bank
notes and Mr. Mustin giving a certified
check for $250,000. What is said to be tha
greatest bet in history was thus success
fully consummated.
Both Mr. Mustin and Mr. Klngsley ar
rived here thl3 morning. Mr. Mustin com
ing from Asbury Park and Mr. Klngsley
from New York. Mr. Mustin promptly put
Mr. Klngsley in communication with his
principals, who were speedily convinced
that the J15&000 of British money waa
awaiting their convenience, Mr. Kings
ley, on his part, agreed to accept a certi
fied check for the full amount of th«
American side of the wager.
As the name of Darr, Moore & Brydon
had been used repeatedly, without war
rant, in the press of the country as the
probable stakeholder, a conference wa3
held in the office of that .firm. The part
ners went into the matter and decided
that as theirs was an investment busi
ness and stakeholdlng not in their line,
they musy decline to hold the stakes. They
did. however, suggest the name of a citi
zen prominent in financial circles and who
ia known aa far as London, as a possible
stakeholder. This gentleman, when ap
proached, consented to become stake
holder, upon the express condition that
his name should be withheld from the
public, as he doe» not care to share in tha
publicity now enjoyed by those Pitts
burgers who crossed in the Deutschland.
Banknotes and checks were carefully ex
amined and pronounced satisfactory, and
Mr. Kingsley's credentials were examined
with the same result. The stake is to be
paid within one week after the conclud
ing race, the place of meeting to be New
York. The wager is simply $150,000 to
$250,000 that the Shamrock lifts the cup.
There are no conditions as to accident.
Both Mr. Mustin and Mr. Kingsley. the
brokers for their respective syndicates,
,wlll receive handsome commissions. Mr~
Kingsley la to get 5 per cent of the whol»
amount In case the Shamrock wins ana',
2>4 per cent of $150,000 in the event of her
losing.
Mr. Mustin's compensation for hl3 share
In the arrangement of the bet Is 5 per
cent of $250,000, which was paid to him aa
soon as the wager was consummated this
afternoon.
The name of the stakeholder la the one
closely guarded secret In the bet. Tha
names of the men composing the syndi
cate are also kept from the public. "They
are all well known Pittsburg gentlemen."
said Mr. Mustin, "but for obvious reasons
their names are being withheld. They are
backing the American boat because they
anticipate another victory for the Yan
kee skippers and look on the matter with
the eye of business men. However, if the
Englishmen should take the cup away
they would not turn a hair. They have
the spirit of true sportsmen, every one
of them, and if their quarter of a million
should be taken they would be the- first
to say 'bully for Upton.'
"I have acted only as the broker In ar
ranging the bet and now my work Is fin
ished. It came to me in quite the same
manner as any other brokerage business,
and I regret .the notoriety it has given
me."
It was reported that M. K. ItlcMul
lln, a well known Fourth avenue broker,
had ¦ been selected as the stakeholder.
When asked about the matter to-night
Mr. McMullin disclaimed all knowledge
of the bet and of the yacht race.
A flood of telegrams and cable messages
from all parts of the world arrived at
the Hotel Schenley for Mr. Klngsley yes
terday inquiring about the bet. In aoms
Quarters the bet has been denounced, but
little attention was paid to messages re
ceived from cranks.
Cornelius J>, b. z. by McKInney
("W. Maben) -..» 3 4 J r. o.
Almonada, br. h. by Eros (Delaney) 2 5 < r. O.
McKenna, b. h. by IvIcKinney
(Ward) 5 3 5 r.
Lucy G. b. m. by Junlo (Albertson). 4 8 4 r. o.
Peter Jackson, br. g. by Designer
(Depoister) t.l I r. o.
Albert X, b. g. by Albert W (Nor
ton) <ji s>
¦Walling, br. g. by Waldstein '
(Dwaln) dig
Time, 2:19%. 2:16%. 2:17U, 2:21. 2:25.
Third race, .five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, purse $225:
J. P. Atkins' ,ch. g. Glendennlng, 113, by St.
Carlo-Glenllvet (Logue), 3 to 5 1
Inocencla, ch. f., 110. by Emperor of Nor
folk (McCarthy), even a
Flo Culver, br. f., 103. by Lew Welr-Juanita
(Duggan), 7*to 1 3
Time, 1:07.
Resin 105, Charrette 105 and Fred Atterbury
101, also ran.- .
Fourth race," Flash stake, for all ages six
furlongs; value. $670:
Owen Bros.' ch. f. Flush of Gold, 112; by
Royal Flush-Gold Cup (Hoar). 4 to 1 l
Mcehanus. ch. g., 122. by Golden Garter-Fe
dalrria (McCarthy), even ..2
Byron Rose, ch. g., 106, by Ducat-Rose of
Magenta (McDermott), 5 to 1 3
¦ - . ' Time. 1:13.
Xarra G 106 and True Blue 115. also ran.
Fifth race, sbc furlongs, selling, purse J250*
E. Carey's b. g. David S, 110, by Mldlothian
-Talluda (Logue), 4 to 1 i
Eonlc. ch. f., 109, by Eon-Mermaid (McCar
thy). 2 to 5 2
Flatterer, br. c, HO, by Emperor- Flattery
(Hoar), 6 to 1 3
• Time, 1:13%.
Pegalong 105 and Grafter 114 also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, relllns, purs© $225:
George Miller's br. h. Sir Hampton. 115, by I
Watercress - Lizzie Hampton (Foucon),
even : ' j
Cominjr Event, b. m., 104, by Calvados-Katrin
ka (C. Ross), 2 to 1 ; 2
Merops. ch. g.. 113, by Brutus-Merope (Hoar)
5 to 2 .....'. Z
Time. 1:41V£.
Sea Spray 103. Torsida 104, Casdale 103 Bur
dock 115 and Mike Rice 115, also ran.
delivery except In the eighth Inning, when four
clean singles netted them 'two runs. Attend
ance, SMO. Score: a
. R. H. E.
Boston „ 2 I o
Pittsburg: ........ 5 9 j
Batteries-Dlneen and Klttredge; Phllippi and
O'Connor. Umpire— Dwyer.
SAN" "RAFAEL GOLFERS
PLAIT NOVEL CONTEST
Trophies for Competition Among
Men and "Women Are Presented by
"Well-Known Members.
There is great activity among the San
Rafael golfers at the present time, though
the hardness of the course prevents the
scores from being so low as earlier in the
season. On Saturday there will be a
handicap stroke competition for men and
a similar one for ladies, for trophies pre
sented by W. J. and Mrs. Caaey and
George and Mrs. Starr. An Interesting
feature about the contest is the manner
in which it will be decided. The best
score that each competitor has made on
the links will be taken, and the ratio be
tween It and his score In the tournament
calculated, the player having the beat per
centage being the winner.
On Admission day there will be offered
for competition on the same conditions as
the Council's cup a trophy, the qualifying
rounds being over eighteen holes, the best
eight to qualify. There will be prizes for
the best gross score and the best handi
cap score made in the qualifying round,
but the same player will not be eligible
for the scratch and handicap prizes. The
opening round of the contest for the club
trophy will be played on Saturday. Sep
tember 14. the semi-final round on the 21st
and the final round on a date agreed on
between the two players left in. In the
afternoon there will be a driving competi
tion for men. the course being divided
Into rectangles 13 1-3 yards wide and dis
tant from the teeing ground 120. 150 and
180 yards. Drives into the outer lateral
rectangles will count one, two and three
points, respectively, and drives into the
middle rectangles will - score two. three
and four points,' respectively. The whole
space containing: nine rectangles and the
course having a width of forty yards.
On Wednesday, September 11. there will
be a competition among the ladle* for a
trophy offered Dy Mrs. K. Gilra-in Brown.
Customs Inspector Susp«r;ded.
Customs Inspector W. S- lASSarn was
ordered suspended yesterday tor ten days
for neglect of duty. . •< V. :
Maya and Bowler Lead.
BOSTON, Sept. 3.-Maya and Bowler
were the leaders at the finish of the six
day bicycle race i at the Revere Cycle
track at 10:30 o'clock to-night, havlnl
covered 970 miles 7 laps in forty-five nnrt
a half hours riding. e and
The other three teams. Moran and Mc-
Lean. Bleecker and Downey and Pierep
and McDuffie finished In the order named
closely bunched. .. ™ e(3>
THE 'SAN. FRANCISCO CAJLL., WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
4
nr Villa 1 J^ —, j?7l " ™^"^"^™"*'~^*i**i^3mi B J|(3iJifc —^JU*L3»aL»J*"i»C^"" i "~"^~* 1
SE3T /^^^^ilm *\~"c • • "A t Vv \ 1 1 -^ * x * ¦* * \ t
fe^S^P^S^Bf^^^ll FREE— Send name and address on postal card for JS4~r4tc* (Gtsleg**.
M£3=^^ WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO^ff.^ff' [Linden called upon Captain Seymour
yesterday and laid the matter before him
and urged ' him to recover his bag ana
money. Captain Seymour advised him to
swear out warrants to-day for the arrest
of. the men- whom he /considers responsi
ble for his loss. This he agreed to do.
SHIPPERS USE MACHINES.
Electrical Appliances Take Places of
Strikers at Port Costa.
The introduction of labor-saving ma
chinery on an extensive scale I promises
to be one of the most Important results
of the present, strike. ; Epplngeri & Co.
have already at Port Costa substituted
electricity for. longshoremen.
other firm in the city dependent for the
carrying on of Its business upon -labor,
skilled or otherwise,, is sear chins, the field
for devices which • will do away to the
greatest possible extent with' the neces
sity for laborers. The longer the present
trouble continues^ the: greater the Induce
ments which will be offered to, inventive
genius. • ' , ,• - ; .
While the ' Eppinger' electric' elevator
plant has been but recently Installed and
has not been . working long enough ; to
make any record for the purpose of com
parison, the Eppinger people seem quite
satisfied with the arrangement. Herman
Strikers Before Judges.
! Thomas -i McGInnls, a union flreman,
•whp arrived last iweek on . the steamer
•Valencia, was attacked Sunday night by
a gang of men on Second street. He drew
li!s revolver and *fired. He was arrested
for r discharging firearms within the city
limits and gave" bail for his appearance
In court. Almost at the same spot he
¦was again- attacked- and- robbed. He ap
peared before Judge. Fritz yesterday, and
after hearing his story the Judge dis
missed the case. McGInr.is produced - a
permit which was Issued by Vice Presi
dent Roosevelt when he was Police Com
missioner in New York, and he thought it
would cover every part of the United
States.
Gus Marnesson, a striking sailor, was
arrested about 3 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing on Third street by Policeman Mullen
on a charge of attempted robbery. He
was accused of assaulting Fritz Hock, 707
Mission street, a non-union man, and at
tempting to rob him. The case was called
Jn Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday, and
after hearing the testimony of Hock and
the arresting officer the Judge expressed
a doubt as to the charge being sustained
and Instructed Hock to swear to a com
plaint charging Magnesson with battery,
which was done, and the case continued
till this morninp. Hock was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. ,.- . ; ....
'The case of Charles Gordon, watchman
et pier 7. charged with battery upon Dan
iel Sweeney, an artist on a morning pa
per, was called in Judge Fritz's court yes-
Arraignment of Non-Union Hen and
STRIKE CASES IN COURT.
Officer J. W. Scott appeared before the
Police Commissioners * to answer ¦>. to % - the
charges preferred against him by Captain
Wittman and ¦ Sergeant ; Donovan; Officer
Scott is accused of having beaten a wom
an while intoxicated in a saloon adjacent
to the Hall ;of Justice. ;Hls- attorney,
Frank J. Drury, secured, a' continuance
of . his examination for;, a week on i the
ground of newly discovered evidence. ..
The Commissioners later met as a board
of pension commissioners to consider the
applications of Mrs. Hannah Smith, widow
of James Smith, who asks $1000 from >, the
police, pension fund, accordjnjg.to the re
cent'decision of the Supreme Court hrthe
Kavanaugh case, and John ; Kelly, • a pres
ent member of the force,. to be retired on
account of physical disability, i Both cases
were referred to the City and County At
torney for his opinion.
Renewals of licenses of two saloons con
tiguous to the water front were refused
last night by the Board of Police Com
missioners. The places that were ordered
closed are W. Larsen's.' at 249 Steuart
street, near Folsom, and the Phoenix sa
loon, Fred Sanders proprietor, 16 East
street. In both. cases the proprietors and
barkeepers, according to the statements
made by sergeants of police and patrol
men, have stood calmly by while strikers
beat several men into a state of insensi
bility and defied the efforts of the police
to go to their assistance by locking doors
and in other ways obstructing them in
their duties. Both licenses expire , within
a few days.
Applications for permits to carry con
cealed weapons were granted to 103 per
sons. . Curtin's Detective* Agency asked
for the appointment of seventy-three ad
ditional special policemen, and announced
the withdrawal of the names of thirty
nine heretofore appointed. The Risdon
Iron Works secured the appointment of
four, and. twenty-four miscellaneous ap
plications were- granted. Among the
names submitted by Curtln's agency | was
that of Percy Ashcroft, who has figured
in two shooting scrapes within the past
week. • •
Police Commissioners Revoke the
licenses of Two Places Where
Men "Were Beaten.
CLOSE SALOONS ON FBONT
FOB HARBORING STRIKERS
Linden made a complaint to Captain
Dunleavy of the harbor police, who sent
for Andrew Furuseth, president of ¦ the
Sailors' Union, * but Furuseth denied
knowing anything about Linden or his
bag. Corporal Egan was detailed on the
case and he interrogated a number of the
members of tho.-union,. but; could get no
satisfactory Information.- •
Linden was a sailor on the bark High
land Light. She was lying in the stream
In the early mornmg of last' Thursday,
when a boat containing several strikers
hailed the vessel. Some of the men came
aboard and Linden and another sailor
were forced to leave the vessel. Linden
took his bag, containing the clothing and
money, with him. They were rowed
ashore and taken to the Sailors' Union
Hall. There they were detained for about
an hour, when Linden was taken out, so
he alleges, and beaten. His bag contain
ing the clothing^and money was kept by
the strikers. ¦ • •
David Linden, a sailor ."living at 179
Fourth street, filed a serious charge
against the Sailors' Union officials yester
day. He accuses them of being Implicat
ed In the loss of his bag cantalning his
clothing and $640 In coin. He will to-day
swear out warrants for the arrest of sev
eral men whom, he holds responsible for
his loss. :•/-.' -"*''"• ~ ,\>'\'- ..•=." -¦¦: ¦-'¦¦-.
Against Sailors' Union Officials.
David linden Files Serious Charge
I/3SES BAG 07 COIN.
John Tult, a striking longshoreman, was
arrested yesterday morning by Sergeant
Christiansen and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of robbery. The com
plaining witness is Fred H. Wehr, one of
Curtln's special officers, who was induced
to go to the longshoremen's headquarters.
Third and Berry streets, last Saturday,
and while there was, he alleges, robbed of
his revolver, watch ' arid money and
kicked downstairs. He and Sergeant
Christiansen went to . Third and Berry
streets yesterday morning and Wehr
pointed out Tult as one of the men who
robbed and kicked him. ¦:¦/¦'
Striker Charged With Robbery.
E. M., Thomas, a colored stevedore, em
ployed for the past five weeks on the army
transport dock, was last night arrested In
a restaurant at the corner of Pacific and
Kearny streets and locked up on a charge
of carrying concealed weapons. Thomas,
who was eating in the restaurant, was
pointed out to Policeman Holmes and
Special Officer* Doggett by~Tome union
stevedores. Thomas, who 1 Is said to be a
quiet, inoffensive and industrious man,
says that he was pointed out by strikers
who wanted to "do him up" but were
afraid 'to tackle him as 'long as he was
fixed to protect himself.
Armed Stevedore Arrested.
Policeman F. Callahan, who was flred
upon by a number of strikers at Second
and Brannan streets jSunday afternoon,
swore to three complaints In Judge Fritz's 1
court yesterday for the arrest of three
of the strikers on a charge of assault to
murder. Their names are John Hogan,
James McKeever and Thomas Brady.
Police Captain George WIttman filed a
petition for a writ of prohibition with, the
Supreme Court yesterday to prevent the
Sheriff from Impaneling a jury for » the
trial in which the captain must answer
to % a charge of battery on James Masse,
a marine flreman. It is the intention of
the defendant to have the case tried di
rectly by the Supreme Court, where It
would ultimately go In the event of vic
tory for either party to the contest in the
lower courts.
Wittman Pushes Battery Case.
CHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
O. D Baldwin. C. S. Benedict, Charles
Bundschu. Foster P. Cole, Andrew M. Davis,
W J. Dutton. Marshal Hale, A. J. McNlcoll,
W J Newman, Edward B. Pond, William P.
Redlnrton, A. H. Vail, F. H. Wheelan. ;
FRANK J. STMMES, President.
J. RICHARD FREUD, Secretary.
Yesterday McCloskey made another ap
plication before Judge Fritz and wanted
the sworn testimony of six witnesses
taken, after which he would formally
move that the warrant be issued. The
Judge fixed to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock as the time for hearing the evi
dence. ¦
ATT1TU1>£ OF MERCHANTS.
Association Defines Its' Position ir.
Matter of Strike. -
The Merchants' Association -addressed
the following communication to Its mem
bers yesterday, defining the attitude of
that body relative to the strike:
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 2, 190L— To the
Members of the Merchants' Association — Gen
tlemen: In view of the disorganized condition
of trade affaire in the city at the present time
the board of directors submits the following
statement of Its attitude upon the question:
During the seven years' existence of the
Merchants' Association the scope and utility
of its work have been clearly develoced and
defined. It was organized chiefly to aid in the
line of municipal advancement and reform. It
was Intended to occupy a field entirely Its
own, and It has ever sought to avoid taking
up any work which was covered by any other
organization, or to do anything: which could
possibly serve to weaken its power in its own
peculiar field.
As a. consequence your board of director* has
conscientiously refrained from taking any ac
tive part In the present industrial complica
tions. They are nrmly convinced that this
policy was well advised. With a nfembershlp
of nearly thirteen hundred firms, comprising
ail classes of business In the community and
not" unlikely holding opinions on both sides of
the great question before the public, they be
lieved that any action on the part of this as
sociation would only create partisan feeling
and Jeopardize Its future usefulness. : —
Tour board of directors has never failed to
appreciate the solemn duty of all good citizens
to endeavor to preserve and restore industrial
peace and prosperity. They assure you that,
within the province of the constitution of the
association, your board of directors has ex
erted its best wisdom, and its utmost energy
and power to protect the fair name of our city
and they will neglect no opportunity lor use
fulness where their services may seem to be
of value In the bringing about of an early un
derstanding between the factors of this present
unfortunate controversy. Sincerely yours,
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MER-
terday. Attorney Drum appeared for the
prosecution and Attorney Coffey for the
defendant. The case was continued till
to-morrow to give the defendant time to
plead.
William H. Kless, the non-union teams
ter who was attacked by a number of
strikers at Third and Mission streets Mon
day night while walking- with his wife
and was arrested for discharging fire
arms within the city limits because he
fired off his revolver to protect himself,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday.
The Judge after hearing the evidence for
the prosecution dismissed the case.
John T. Carr, a striking teamster, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Cabaniss yesterday in 510C0
bonds on a charge of robbery. He was
accused of robbing A. C. Mclntyre of 1SS6
Webster street, Oakland, on Third street
on the night of August 11. I He relieved
Mclntyre of $43. He attempted to prove
an alibi to the effect that ne was at the
teamsters' headquarters at the time, but
failed.
Robert Mann and Thomas Behway, non
union . teamsters, employed by Cutter &
Co., who were arrested Saturday night,
appeared before Judge Cabaniss. yester
day. Mann was charged with carrying a
concealed weapon and Behway with ex
hibiting a deadly weapon in a rude and
threatening manner. They were pulled
on! a Valencia street car by a number of
strikers at Ninth and Market streets and
beaten. The Jud^e dismissed the cases,
and the defendants' emplos^er promised to
obtain permits for them to carry revolv
ers.
Chris Murphy and Phil Walsh, striking
teamsters, charged with false imprison
ment by forcibly detaining- four sailors
from the steam schooner North Fork at
the teamsters' headquarters, demanded a
trial by jury when their cases were called
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday. The
cases were continued until September 14.
The complaining 1 witnesses have gone on
a vessel to Eureka and no complaints are
yet on file.
Attorney H. H. McCloskey has been
making strenuous efforts to get either
Judge Cabaniss or Judge Fritz to issue a
warrant for the arrest of Policeman Ly
cette on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon In connection with the riot at
Folsom and Steuart streets last Thursday
afternoon. Some of the rioters ran fhto
Julius Larsen's saloon, at 249 Steuart
street, and Lycette and other officers
went after them, but Larsen shut the
door in their faces. They forceu the doors
open i and Larsen was clubbed on the
head. -^
e» < ¦ o HE . Pacific Coast Steamship Com
' II : ; pany filed' a suit in the United
¦ II ' States • Circuit Court '¦ yesterday
11 against the" Pacific Coast Marine
>, j.' Firemen's Union' (incorporated),
the Sailors' Union of the Pacific (a volun
tary association), Andrew Furuseth, -Its
secretary, its treasurer, shipping master
and its members to recover $25,000 dam
ages for breach: of contract. T ' . ¦¦. -
The complaint , recites that -on -May 15,
1901, the plaintiff and the Firemen's Union
entered into thefollowing contract:
The "" plaintiff agrees to ship ¦ as firemen ¦ and
coalpa&tsers on Its vessels exclusively men who
are members of the union, • provided the union
can at all times furnish men , when required.
In case it cannot supply full' crews the steam
ship company will have the right to ship other
men. • ¦.>..',"
.The steamship company will : not be obliged
to ship any man who is a member of the union
and who 'is personally objectionable to the
company. . . -. ' .
; Wages to be. $50 for firemen, * $*0 for coal
passers; board money 60 cents per day. . '
Voyage to end . when steamer is discharged.
• On steamers carrying but. two firemen nine
hours to be a day's work In the ' port of San
Francisco. On steamers carrying, more than
two firemen, donkey boiler men' shall "not stand
watch on the donkey boiler ; exceeding nine
hours. Any overtime in the port of San Fran
cisco to be paid for at the -rate: of 40 cents
per hour. ' . ¦ , '
Alaska vessels whose home port is Seattle
to have the same working hours in port -as
other steamers of the company have in San
Francisco. Firemen and coalpassers to obey
the captain and officers of the ship in all cases,
and if required to dd anything In excess or con
travention of the foregoing, the matter to be
settled between the agents of .the steamship
company and the officers of the union.
"This agreement to take effect on all ves
sels sailing from San Francisco on and after
May 15, 1H01, and Alaska vessels from Seattle
on May 20, and continue in effect . for one
year.
All work performed on Sundays and holi
days between 5 p. m. and 7 a. m.'and regular
working days at the ports ' of San -Francisco
and Seattle on vessels which make that a
home port to be paid for at the stipulated rate
of overtime except to .wipe engine on arrival,
getting ready for departure or moving ship,
also excepting the donkey man when he gets
his equivalent in time . off. Sea watches In
nreroom on days of sailing and arrival shall
count as portion of the nine hours.
It is further agreed -that either party to this
agreement who shall, without the consent of
the other party, disturb the existing labor con
ditions shall be deemed to have violated this
agreement. ' .. - - -
Signed for the Pacific. Coast Steamship Com
pany ,by Goodall, Perkins & Co., and for the
Firemen's Union by John Bell,' secretary.
The complaint- alleges ; further that the
firemen and coal passers left the employ
ment of the company:' on August 7, there^
by. violating their jf agreement . with the
company. .:.•¦¦.. . . ;
There is also set forth a contract made
with the Sailors'- Union, signed by Good
all, Perkins & Co; .f or the steamship com-"
pany v and Andrew.* Furuseth i for the .Sail
ors' Union., The complaint then recites
the teamsters' strike of July 20 and the
general strike that. was. called in sympa
thy wlthA them, and -alleges that ..the -de-'
fendants wvriththe^r teamsters
and other associations for- tine = purpose
of interfering with,' obstructing, • and, -if
possible,, stopping,. altogether the • trade
and commerce of the 'port of San Fran
cisco. The defendants ordered- all: their
members to abandon , their employment
with the plaintiff forthwith and to refuse
to re-enter their service- ¦: on -any terms
whatsoever. It is alleged that these orders
were < issued ' for- the ! of crippling
the plaintiff andVendering it impossible
for the plaintiff! to carry on Its business,
and that said orders were obeyed by the
members' of the- defendant -associations,
in consequence of which the plaintiff has
been put to great loss, labor and incon
venience. It is unable to obtain men to
operate its vessels, and its vessels have
been forced to remain idle for long- per
iods of time and It has been compelled to
operate such vessels at increased expense
to plaintiff's loss and damage in the sum
of $25,000.
Page, McCutchen, • Harding & Knight
are attorneys for the plaintiff.
Special Officer Is 'Arrested.
E. Thomas, a special police officer in
tha employ of McNab & Smith, was ar
rested last night at the Cliff House By
Sergeant Coogan on complaint of P.. H.
O'Donohue. Thomas and a number of
non-union teamsters went to the Cliff
last night, and on the way out on the
cars got into an argument with strike
sympathizers. The special claims that a
park policeman took his revolver from
him, discharged all the cartridges ¦ and
then returned the weapon to him. After
leaving the car at the Cliff House
Thomas and the teamsters want to Sutro
baths; where, he was arrested. O'Dono
hue was cn» of the strike sympathizers
who rode out with Thomas, and he claims
that the special assaulted him. The spe
cial officer was under th© influence of
liquor.
Union Men Beat Sailor.
Frank Ryan, a sailor from the ship As
tral, • was treated at the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital last night for a lacerated
scalp wound. The injury was Inflicted by
a number of union men who attacked him
at the corner of East and Mission streets.
Iiodging-House Is Robbed.
Mrs. Kate Edlngton, who runs a lodg
ing-house at 1206 Stockton street, report
ed to Captain of Police Seymour that last
night while she was out visiting burglars
entered her house and stole several hun
dred dollars' worth of property belonging
to her lodgers. Mrs. Edington s stated
that 'there are eighteen rooms in ¦ the
house and that seven of. them had been
ransacked. , The furniture in the rooms
which the thieves entered was thorough
ly overhauled and every place where any
thing of \ alue could be secreted was
searched. Captain Seymour detailed de
tectives to work on the case.
The officers of the Iron Trades Council
deny that any union machinists -have re
turned to the works. . They aver that the
strikers are standing firmr and that there
will be no developments as far , as they
are concerned until: the iron works people
give up the fight. ;
The. management of the Union Iron
Works was jubilant yesterday over the
return of two machinists who walked out
with the main body of strikers - in May
last. The machinists, with two union
molders, formed a part of a force of
thirty-two men who went to work in the
shops" yesterday morning.
These are the first striking union ma
chinists to return to work since the strike
began, and the Union Iron Works people
are confident their example will soon be
followed by others. . The situation is re
garded by the Scotts as being very hope
ful, and they express the belief that Im
portant developments among the striking
machinists may be looked for within the
next 'few days. ' .- v '
Machinists Return to Work.
The crew o" the Haddon Hall, which
has been tied up here for three weeks,
commenced discharging that vessel yes
terday. Work was also commenced on the
Belgian King, at Lombard-street wharf.
The grain with which she is laden is be
ing discharged into the Santa Cruz. The
Corona is discharging at the seawall.
The work of discharging the collier
Pleiades is so far advanced that she will
be able to leave to-day for the north. The
Hongkong Maru, which has been loading
at the Mail dock for the last few days,
will start to-day, as will also the Walla
Walla. The Ventura will be taken to the
refinery wharf to-day, where her load of
sugar will be taken out.
The two days' holiday given, the non
union men employed on the front enabled
them to perform a heavy day's work yes
terday. Several ships were relieved of a
large'portion oi their cargoes and many
vessels had a great quantity of freight
put aboard.
Receiving Cargoes.
Many Vessels Are Discharging and
In reply to Reed, Curtis said that the
Conciliation Committee had done good
work, and while he was not at liberty to
say what 1 had been done he 'had hopes
that the opposing Interests would be
brought together. He resented the charge
that politics had anything to do with the
matter, saying that it was too sacred to
be utilized for political effect.
"If this board has the right to prescribe
¦what kind of uniforms a policeman shall
•wear," said Tobln, "then it has the power
to specify whether he shall wear his re
volver or club on the outside or Inside of
his uniform." •- .;- ¦¦¦
"A Conciliation Committee of this
board,*' said Curtis, "is at present en
deavoring to bring about a conference be
tween the employers and the strikers, and
I hope that nothing will be said or done
in this board that will Jeopardize 6uch a
probability."
Reed objected to postponement and gave
the comforting assurance that he did not
think that the Conciliation Committee
would succeed in arranging a settlement
of the strike, as he believed that it was
•well known that the appointment of the
committee was based on political consid
erations. He held that the peace and
quiet of the community could only be as
eured by the regular uniforming of po
licemen.
Brandenstein contended that the board
bad no jurisdiction aa to designating what
character of uniforms policemen should
¦wear. Curtis pleaded for postponement.
Erandenstein thought that the ordinance
should go back to the Police Committee
in order that the Police Commissioners
might be consulted.
Reed stated that the Chief of Police and
the Police Commission had been sub
penaed to appear before the Police Com
mittee when the ordinance was first con
sidered, but none of them had answered
the summons. Reed held that the charter
gave the Police Commission power to pre
scribe the uniforms to be worn by police
men.
Tobln arsued that the Police Commis
eion could In its discretion prescribe its
own regulations.
"The Police Commission should alone
have the responsibility of Its own acts,
for if the Board of Supervisors dictates
to the commission what it shall -do, then
the board should be held responsible,"
Eald Tobin.
Police TJnif onn Order Discussed.
Fontana moved the indefinite postpone
ment of the resolution, but there was no
second. ¦
Curtis explained that the Conciliation
Committee had intended to make a report,
but would probably call a special session
of the board some day this week to tell
what it had accomplished.
"Manv members of the Chamber of
Commerce belong to the Employers' As
sociation," said Curtis, "and it would not
be right to say anything that might tend
to widen the breach between the employ
ers and employes."
• When the vote was taken on deferring
consideration Reed was the only one who
voted against it, his fifteen colleagues all
being in favor of postponement. Similar
action was taken on Tobin's substitute
resolution.
Previous to the Brandensteln-Reed epi
eode the ordinance requiring special po
licemen to wear the uniforms worn by
regular officers was deferred one week by
a vote of 13 In favor to 3 against.
Supervisor Curtis Explains.
THE session of the Board of Super
visors was enlivened yesterday by
Brandenstein branding as a delib
erate falsehood tbe statement
made by Reed that the Concilia
tion Committee appointed by the ooard
tor the purpose of attempting to effect a
settlement of the strike was actuated by
political motives.
The btard had a prolonged discussion
cn several resolutions appertaining to the
ftrike situation, and Heed In a Blurring
•way bad repeatedly charged that politics
¦was the sole consideration of the commit
tee la Its attempt to bring about a set
tlement. Supervisor Curtis took y excep
tion to Heed's remarks during the early
part of the session, out it was left to
Brandenstein to administer a wordy cas
tigation to Reed, whose remarks he char
acterized as Insulting and uncalled for.
When Reed's resolution condemning
George Xewhall as president of the
Chamber of Commerce for stigmatizing
the condition of the city as riotous and ,
for calling on the Mayor to issue a proc
lamation ordering the people to,be peace
ful was taken up its author objected, and
then proceeded to reiterate his charge
that the Conciliation Committee was
making political capital out of its appoint
ment. Brandenstein thereupon rose to his
feet and in a voice filled with passion
said:
Brandenstein Kesents Insult.
"That last remark cf Mr. Reed was
gratuitous and an unwarranted insult to
the members of the committee. It is a
lie to say that the committee is actuated
by political motives, and if it were not a
lie what right has he to add fuel to the
flame by making such an accusation? -The
committee asks for postponement of a
resolution In order that hostilities may
not be Intensified. He says no; that it
has nothing to do with the issue. He
wants us to condemn the Chamber of
Commerce and to administer a slap in
the face to such men as George Newhall.
The time may come when we may do such
a thing, gentlemen, but it is not now.
"When Mr. Reed says t^at political con
siderations alone control the committee
and that it is not fitted for its task, I-re
peat that he lies, and I am prepared to
back up my opinion."
Reed, who remained coldly silent dur
ing Brandenstein' s excoriation, mumbled
the lame defense that he had not said
what had been attributed to him. He
nevertheless again deprecated the en
deavor of the committee to bring about
peace. Reed hedged by stating that the
people were saying that it would be a
great political stroke to effect a settle
ment. He upbraided the Mayor for al
lowing Brandenstein to violate the rules
by injecting personalities In the discus
sion.
SHIPPING IS ACTIVE.
Eppinger said yesterday that it was too
soon as yet to say very much about his
new automatic ¦ longshoreman. It cost
him a lot of money, he said, and he ex
pected it to do a lot of work in return. I
This latest labor-saving machinery will
not do away with the laborer altogether.
In fact, it will give employment to quite
a number while it is in action, but where
loading ships formerly took days the op
eration under the new arrangement will
only be a matter of hours.' , r . j
George W. McNear said' that while lie
had as yet introduced no new machinery
to expedite the loading of ships at Port
Costa, he as well as others. who are now
compelled to employ large numbers or
laborers was on the lookout for some such
contrivance. "Strikes put a premium on.
inventive genius," he said, "and under
present conditions there is not an em
ployer of labor in America who would not
jump at the opportunity to substitute ma
chinery for manual labor."
THE strike situation following the great labor- demonstration showed little change yesterday. The most, important development was ,.the
filing of suit by the Pacific Coast Steamship Company against tbe Marine Firemen's Union and the Sailors' Union of the Pacific to recov
er ?25,OOO damages for breach of contract entered into in May last. The proceedings of the Board of Supervisors were enlivened during
the discussion of strike measures by Brandenstein, who designated as lies certain statements made by Heed. Electrical labor-saving ma
chinery to take the places of striking stevedores has been installed at Port Costa with, signal success. ; , ; .
Pacific Coast Steamship Company Sues the Marine Firemen's and the
Sailors' , Unions for Breach of Contract-— The Work of the Steve
dores Over at Port Costa Is Now Being Done Partly by Machinery
SUPERVISORS PASS THE LIE WHILE
DEBATING THE 5TWKE QUESTION
THE SAjST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1 901;
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS. M&U
The' money-back soap is Fels-
Naptha; at your grocer's.
Say you don't like it, and see
what you get.
Fels & Co., makers, 'Philadelphia.
A CHICHESTER'S CNGLI8H
pENNYROYAI., PILLS
>J(^^ for CHICHESTER'S
Ta l "" rlbl>o «- T«ko»o other. Reftma
• I It '¦ W iio **' ?°y °[ ?w Drngglrt. or icsd 4e. in
- I ZJ vL •¦ it TS» fb J'i fiT t l«» 1 «»»» Te«tlra««laU
J \ W v If -: 1 • nd ¦«%•* «» Lodle^" in Utttr, by re. «
-A^" Zjfr' *«rnEI»U. 10,000 Tettlmonial.. Soldb.
Kmiim tbU paper. UniUow, Sauaro. PH1LA* p2
.. . .- . - ..- ¦.->-;-¦ ¦-. ...¦-; •.¦¦¦'"..,..-'/ •,; r . .\ ¦ • " ¦ . ¦ . -' ¦
R il
330 MARKET bTSf"^*^ I
KHE EMPOBIUM. | , THE EMPOBIUM. | • THE EMPORIUM.
I Table Covers, WaggE B^B/iDtffti^BS %%kB Writing Tablets, '\
$ 75c Kind 33c. mWklL |,inrV|(||g|P fSc Kind 8c. i
K Tapestry Cover?, heavy qua^ty, iiing- H ®P»"^ SkW%4M *" Ir ' sfl ncn ' £a ' in wove and k!d fin " "%
* ed all around, ij4 yards square, ioa ofl^dli^UBl^ ish P a P" 3 i ' ln notff » F ackct and !etter X
jf of them to-day; each.... 33 C CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE rr:?; icxSo taWeU; to-da, ei. SC «
Ji ,, . - - l — ¦ • ",'..',' * ' ' ' '*•'.• * ' i V ~ . ' * . '
I Our Tenth Semi-Anriuai Ssale I
i House Furnishings This Week,. |
*? Savings of 25 to 40 per cent can now be mad: on reliable Furniture and Carpeting, on Crockery and Kitchen Uten- x
a? sils, on Bedding, Curtains, Draperies and Domestic Linens. Space will permit bvt a brie! and partial mention o! the £
$ numerous bargains. \:^'-}-\-< ! * < X
af _- — - — _ ' '— : i : = j
i , Carpets. Glassware, Chinaware. Etc. {
li^lSi^ Uty mide^« W ' ; " e Set-Q,artdcc a nt C rand« 3 x W m= g 'a,. c ., |
£ 85c F cr yard........... ..6O0 good clear g : a «, glass tray to mitch...63C 5 fQo X
I Dinner $et-Am:rica n Beaut, S e mi-Porccla;n, M^M«^pU»HgM« J
•f a nnc iin*. ior nan ana sci.is, wcnii 7cc per ., ., . • ..'. . . ... m . u hrrnm «V>r mnnh ivr^-lr •O**
X ,¦ . . '• j-^,/_ with go'.d bacing, as thin and whit: « china, niaie orcom ior rougn wcric 14OM
Z } • " -....¦ 57 l AO 5Z piece, fcr «x persons ' $7.49 Enan.de! Cand!estic<-B.rt quaity . -. . . tOO X
J Body Brussels— Best made, inducing Lowell 5 P ' P 9''*** Pantj Hangtr-Wi I ke ip croi s in tOO 9,
j? and Whi:a Is manufacture, worth $1.35 per 85c Glass Breakfast Set — Sugar bowl, cream Combination' Suit Hinders 15o 5
X yard '_...... $1mQ5 ' P»tchrr, butter dish, gpcoa holder 4-3c Clothes L!ne— 50-foot lengths...'. ....ifJO 3
itAtld dozens Of Other lines. ' ; 10-incS Fruit Bowl— Fine inrtaton cut «ass. Upholtteren' am Tack Hammers .lip £
5 - worth Jz.oo, for . . QQ O Carpenttr s Ha-nmer— Fu'-l » «e.. . . . . . 20O {
||ij furniture, \ |g l^^flfgS^S jH^JJSSS^ £% |
S Tabourelte— In birdteye maple,. mahogany or .Wide' M:uth Pitcher— Marlwd "Ice Water" hemmed, readv for use 89O C
fl . : golden oak, special now . . . . . . . .- ,Q5 O ' .-. 2lo P«'ow Cas.'S-B'eached, first c'ajr, we 1 made, J
If Shaving Stand— With, adjustable . mirror," oak Cut Glass Pepper and Sa!ti Pair 50 O Tlaiy f * uss » each tOo X
K • or mahegany finish, worth $9.00, ,afc price Genuine Cut Glass Bon Bon Diiliu'«f.0a H " ck Tow ei i— Heavy qaaL'ty fully Veachei. S
g * -V..:.:\ :.:.:-. '...-.¦.¦:.:.-.¦:. ...$5.25 tu -^ ' • r, .. .""•*»*•«»«' hemmed end?, »ze 19x39 inchc, sale prce» 5
JC-ChildVBed-With-doub-e weave wire mat- * m (WUr-TvW*. each. J^ t4o $
ft tress, worth #4:00, for.. « . 32,25 * P ' - ' * 25c Turkish T « w e'»-^« b'e 1C he.d, heavy and X
i Special Sale To-Day O/tiy Boys' Suits *
1 1OOO Manufacturer's Sample $3.oovaiue-$i.38l
I Pieces for Yokes and Fronts. Th it 'W$*Ml t% t
If We shall offer. the entire sample line of materials suitable for yo\e3, fronts and ble-breast e d V +1 I .J
**• collars, frcm. one of the leading houses in America, at one-quarter oi what Jacket and Knee >6C/V
j? they would costyou il bought in the regular way. The line includes lace *««• it,ir, « " /^kS/N 5
x tucked organdies, fancy: siiks,. moussclines, chiffons, in tucks and shirrings, ia a11 . »«f..fjr pi \ j
J , silks and lawns; all seasonable, clean, nice goods, and no piece ' boys 9 to 15 /' V\ x
X less than three-eighths of a yard in length. We have divided these good* inta ' y ear » <" age' J * ;" rj J
.^ three Jots and marked them They are made yC . ft # p /• jf
g : I9o, 27c ami 48c. j*j i^MuLj- |
j: Especial Sale of Orpcc tinnties { T"'' ?"™ \ IP/' %
I Children's Shoes. J***** ™°QP* ?!,r^ ' \jj |
J Misses' and Children's best .*W© Biff Bargains p^ems. Made "T^ 1 n
KXvfl- V*«Y Rcd Vi « ™ 36-Inch all-wooi Sacking- maJ^ fcA |
tl i \^ Shoes, new coin toes A Ter y P ret V fabric for waLts, hous: gowns th^ are a siler.- v- /i\Vb - 5
S / -S ' and tip, flexible soles, "* cb'dren's suits, in I* of the new Fall d:d good value at \5X£d?
t I fl&foi SDring heels- also in- C .T" P| IOCO y " rds ind no mOre on S P«- 00 -and a vcrv r^J^^ jf
l/- ; :fip8 sy^'^te illli^h?7o £$M7iM $i.98l
8 W^U~^< ¦ OT -i hUt u°?' *'"'*<** WalatlngS-600 yard* -T '' — ': •¦'•'•'". ¦ . ." J
* /^N wlthout heds » mjre r f those nsw, hand.ome waist^gs tha« S3W OF GOWfOrtGJ*3» X
% V^.f 11 * on special sale «« so popular, all-wcb', 3 eiffcrent style;, in We cose I out siveral hunirsd dozen of fin- «*
Si - - ¦ to-day only al1 of the new Fal shades, an! the big store's siiko-nt Comfcre s, from th: argest Com- {»
J at the following deeply cut prices: ZT^T^ ***' ***?¦ O ° Iy ' A3f ? IU in ' thc wmA - AmODg tbc ot *
J . 5 Resular Sale :.... m T*9%0 were about 40 dozen wh'ch we find have X
Jf sizest Price" Price! — — .— ___™_^ misprin'-s and nvsnutched colors in the cor.r- jg
K -.'1 tti 6, wthouts:ringhees8sc....5arO &Z*it* f%€ I" 8 ". TH= - .« n P erf f :tion3 ' m « >ni e <asrt are %
% 5 to 8, with spring hces $1.15 83O ******?*** «»##€?€?«»» lare.y noticaxe, but the mill rralc u. a X
«f;.8.^tpii J w;thspr:ngh : cs.|i,7S..5/.^3 In sheets it is nerd'ess to say there are d*en 3 of tfT™*- "^ to-day J
g:i I Xto-a )W ihs P ri nS heels.|,, 5 .,^. 6 3 | juaiues. Our .a ie demand, good wearing, J» &*?*£ £% i^ £* y^ |
I Groceries Liquor* |?^,uo^^£f^i^ $0%Mklk^&i fS$
I Wetlnesd'y Specials WM^M$m^i^ ""» " '""^ : tfO |
»f GJtiraraotli's Ground Ghnc *s commone t k'n '. in size it is 81x90 . Pnttcrn VgHs* S
K ;-- Of ate— 1 lb. tins .' 25 O inches, b'eacbed; high-c ass shcetng, for 25tS MCinti f/Zf* "*
S Ghfrartielti's COCOa — }i lb. which the nataita'one, without thsmakbg, *•***» M+IMMU MTVb J
If tins.. 20o would cost 50c, sa e price, each 'JJ 0*% 200O of th's 5
X Bsayle's Horse Radish Mus- ........... ....... ... "M%*%m season's most V^^^^^JW^, 'jj
¦>f tnrd — The larg; 25c size, to-da/ on'.y.. . __ _ ¦ • . , . , c ... Jc^ 1^^-—^i^v? 1 V
I q ho Unframed Pictures. !, t7lis t S51k l^^^^l
* fliCO— B:st Japan, S lbs ...25C If you ne:d a prkty pxture or two for slttng- Pattern Vell s; fl^^^SR/ *
JC JTea^Cho'cc Unco'orcd Japan, Ib . . . .35o room, d ning-r-om, bedroom or ha!', come in closely dotted <i5jsS5fNfe< >^ft^/ "'
J (3 lbs. obVQiTex $1.OO.) M ? £CI ! ,?ySSSS« rfSS| and handsome \
* v^ ' 7 patno pnns which wiJ be on sale at less •"" u«uuouuic y^y'^jp 5
K Pearline - 1 lb. packages, 3 packages.. .25O thin ha'.f regula- price-. Tae asscrtmm: borders; black '*
Jf Pineapple — Choice Singipore, sliced, largest of subjtcts includ s many new lite pictures ¦ ¦ h ' t X
Jf size tins. . . } . . . ; . . ....i... 15C an< I *uch popj'ar favorites as" Pharaoh's W 1 C {[
*f Bellccf Kentucky Whiskey— Rfgalany $2.50 Hore," "Lorna "Th: Choir ground, with black dots; positively X
JS a gallon, to-day.. ..$1.Q5 Boy" an! excel ent bus: pxtures of LTn:o'n tne most attractive veil nrocuraH? 5
J. Pabst M.It Tcnlc-ResuUrfy $z. S o a do«n. and Washington. Thes; pictures are mount- ~, attractive veil procurable, g
$ to-diy $2.25 tl 01 heavy gay mats, th: fuU size of and ™ ""Phonal va T ue at 25c j
Jf Ojnger Ale— |i.oo per dozen quality, to-day which is 14x17 inches, worth 35c, each; on special sale Wed- fJW-^ X
J^ .7 So *<> day .SC nesday on'y M~rG e
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pleasant
Hours
; Swiftly Flying— >-
Those spent on th©
California Limited
as it rushes and races
\ across the country from
San Francisco to Chicago
in 75 hours.
Leaves San Francisco at
'^y 9 a. m. every Monday
T^ and Thursday on the
Santa Fe
and
W0MEN
Can obtain renew-
/ /4$KM23B3ESfc\ s vigor by the use of
- *S* f*\% \ v)v "EUE0TRI0 BELT"
end Appliances.' Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity lathe remedy! Buy no Belt until
.• you see Dr. Plerce f s. for it is the BEST.
' Thousands cured'. • \-~
B7 Call, at 'of flee or send- a 2c stamp for
' new "Booklet No. 2." - Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO., 206 , Post/ st., San Fran-
' Cisco. Eastern of flee— 1145 'Broadway, New
¦-Ycrk.-> .¦¦¦'¦ ¦¦¦-.-¦•• ' - '. ¦- i-y - --_
' T> TJ ft O tl 1? Q FOR BARBERS, BAK-
t5t\UkjJlliO ers - bootblacks, bath-
***¦>**. **»» — " T~. houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders^ candy-makers, :' canners,
dyers, - flourmlllsr; foundries,- laundries,- paper-
hangers, painters,;, shoe factories,
stablemen, , tar-roofers,"* tanners, , tailors, etc
V>* ' BUCHANAN^ BROS.' s '
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
iffeak^Men a^^Women
S*HOULb USE '. DAMIANA BITTERS?:. THE
great : Mexican , remedy; • gives health ¦- and
strength to ¦ aexual ' organs. " Depot, 323 Market.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• '. -., ¦¦-, \ ii,' ¦¦: - Steamers leave ¦ Broadway
k • - Wharf. San Francisco:
BStt^- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
HKWMfc *. 8, 13, IS. 23. 23, Oct.
MUKjmifr 3. Change to company's
KfiEVn steamers at Ceattle.
I H&9M *mft For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
1 HEUdBj C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
i f^^^^BK Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
T^ Sept. 4, 8. 13. 18, 23. 28. Oct. 3.
i Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.'Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma for.N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— >:30 p. m. Sept.
4, 9. 14. 19, 34, 29, Oct. 4.
" For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, .9 a. m. :
steamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
a. m. , • •- ¦*•'
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa. Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and "Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tues-
" days.' 9 a. m. "... • : . ¦ ':
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders... - . <¦?';'-.- ¦
The company reserves the right to changa
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKTCT OFFICE -4" New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
air.4flf.COi
Only St<.«mi.Jilp Xilno *<=»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail LIns from Portland to atl
. rntnts Fust. ¦ Throtifth fl=lcetn.to nil
pclntu, all mil ci* *tenm<ihto nrfi rail, n!
XiO'CTSS'X' 3CT.J3LT3E3S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tad KCAll
6S. COLUMBIA .;....
..Sails Aug. 21. 31. Sept. 10. 20. 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
..................Sails Aug. 28. Sept. 5, 15, 25
D.W.HITCHCOCK. GEN. Agt..l Montgm'y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN piSBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. i CO R-
ner First and Brannan streets.- at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calltng at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and ' Shanghai ¦ and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo - received on , board on
day of sailing. - . - - ,.\< ( ¦ ¦--
BS. HONOKONG MARtT r ..\.
' :.: .'....Wednesday. September ¦ 1 UOl
BS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 2T. l»0l
SS.- AMERICA MARU......./.. ........... . -
. ; .' Wednesday. October 23. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced , rates. - For
freight and passage apply at company's office;
421 Market street. - corner First.'
W. H. AVERT. General Agent. '
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
' And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOSEa
To Valparaiso, - stopping at ¦ Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. "Pier 10; 12 m. ,- j ,, i :¦-¦;< *.vy~t
, GUATEMALA .'.Sept. 5]TUCAPEL....V.Sept. 2S
COLOMBIA.:..Sept.il4IAREQUIPA.....Oct. 13
:- These i steamers are , built : expressly i for Cen-
tral and South American * passenger service.
(No change at • Acapulco or Panama.) A Freight
and passenger- of ftcp.- 316 California street. .-"
BALFOUR; GUTHRIE & CO.; Gen. Agents.
OCEAN TBAVEZi. '
-— ~-~ v ------. . . ,',,„;
AMERICAN LINE.
RSW TOBX. SOTTTHAIIPTON. LOS DOS. PAXI1
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Sept. Ill St. Louis Sept. 8
.St. Paul Sept. 18 Philad«lphla ....Oct. 3
Haverford Sept. 211 St. Paul ...Oct. 9
7 '¦*¦.•¦ RED STAR LINE.
New. York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland Sept. HFriesland ' Oct. 1
Kensinrton ....Sept. 13 South wark Oct. 9
•Zeeland Sept. 25»Vaderland Oct. IS
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
_ , . ¦ CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery rt.
0ccan1c8.sxo.ggg
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.........;..!^.;
Wednesday. September 11. 10 a. in.
S. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia ...".;..
* Thursday. September 12. 10 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only. ./TV.
Saturday. September 21, atVp. m.
J. D. SPBEGXELS & BROS. CO., Otiurai 18Mb, 32? Harbt St
Bsa'l Passangw 0f5cs, 643 Harkst St. Pisr la. 7. fcsifis St
KOSMOS LINE/
SS. SERAPIS, 5000 tons, sailing Sept. 7th.
Carrying passengers for Valparaiso and Ham-
burs, via Mexican ports, Central and South
America, SS. SESOSTRIS. sailing about Nov. 1
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents. ««
Market St.. Pier No. 7. Freight Office. 327 Mar-
ket st. . ... . ¦ ;
PANAMA R,' R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA .' DIREST.
Cabin.. $105: Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
8. S. Leelanaw sails. Monday , Sept. O
S. 8. Argyll sails ,- Oct.
S. S. Leelanaw sails , Oct.
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0HPAGNI3 GEMEaALS TBANSATLANTiqU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. ,^>_
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. ¦^M««S»
North River, foot of Morton street: »La Savole,-
September 12: •L'Aqultaine, September 19; La
Bretagne, September 26; La Champagne, Octo-
ber 3. ,'
First class to Havre. J70 and upward. Second
class to . Havre, $45 and upward. . GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway. (Hudson building).. New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
••Twin Screw , Express Steamers. v .
BAY' AND BIVEB. STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY .YARD. AND, YALLEJO.
.Steamere GEN.':FRIS3IE or -MONTICELLD
1:45 *a. m.. J;J5 and 3:30 d. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo .7 a.m.. 11:30 noon, « p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. «:15 o. m. F»r» U
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
fice, pier *. MWslon-nt. dock. HATCH BRf*9 ,
Weekly Gall, $1 per YearOne of the leading papers in St. Petersburg is re
ported to have stated recently in a leading editorial:
"When a union of the South American republics has
been definitely realized, with the United States at their
head, they will form so powerful a, combination that
they. will be able to dictate to Europe even on quesr
tions outside their continent." Surely it is even so.
These Russians are great prophets. **./'.
¦ . ¦ , ¦ rv\ :¦ . .
M. Bertillon, the famous French anthropologist,
has compiled the census reports of the nations for the
last fifty years of the nineteenth century, and reports
that during that time Russia gained in round millions
62, Germany 21: Austria 14, Great Britain 14, Italy 8
and France 3. . In the same period the United States
gained 52 millions, but while we have now a popu
lation of but 75,000,000 Russia has 129,000,000. '...'!;¦
So marked was the outburst of public sentiment
produced by the case that a petition against further
toleration of dueling : has : been^ drawn • up ; and , an
earnest '.agitation against the practice begun. The-
London Chronicle reports that the petition was head
ed by Prince Lowenstein and 104 leading members of
the best-houses in Germany. ¦: It is said to present a
strong^array.-of ¦instances: of . recent occurrence show
ing the unreason and folly of the custom, and is be
ing supported in all .parts : of the empire. . A* '.v?
:.;:>¦':' "¦¦: - ' ' ¦ ' . ' ¦ ¦- •'¦: ¦ : ¦ • "-¦'A-/.;;. 1
It thus appears that the higher officers intend to
make dueling compulsory , upon their subordinates.
It is reported that in making the announcement of
the court of honor. the colonel of the regiment in
which' the case occurred said to his officers: "I can
only adviseyot% gentlemen, in all cases to challenge,
at any rate, to a duel with swords."
Some of the instances which have excited the in
dignation of the public afford curious illustrations of
the extent to which medieval barbarism survives in
modern Germany. A young lieutenant who, in the
course of a wrangle' growing out of a drinking bout
where everybody was more or less intoxicated, had
struck a fellow. officer, next day sent him'an apology,
which was accepted in good friendship, and the inci
dent was seemingly closed. The higher officers of
the regiment, however, hearing of the affair, "sum
moned the;officer who accepted the apology to ap
pear before a court of honor composed of the officers
of another regiment, by which body he was convicted
of conduct .unworthy of an officer and a. gentleman
and dismissed from the army.
AMONG the .minor issues of German politics
none is exciting more interest just now than
a movement. started to put an end to dueling.
It appears that of late there have been several ex
treme cases of evil results from the practice among
the officers of the army, and the common-sense as
well as the humanity of the more enlightened Ger
mans has revolted and begun to protest against it in
a way calculated to make the protest effectual even
in the official circles where dueling' is held to be
necessary to the maintenance of~ the honor of a
soldier.
DUELING IN GERMANY.
The genuine universities of Illinois are naturally
much annoyed by the ill repute which the fake degree
institution has brought upon the State. President
Rogers of Northwestern University is quoted as hav
ing said of the fraud: "It has not only. brought dis
grace upon this commonwealth, but has discredited
American degrees in Europe and Asia and, been pub
licly denounced in the British Parliament. It exists
on paper. only and has no standing in any educational
institution in the world. And yet, as the London press
has stated,- it has had" 'the insolence to ' nominate
agents to carry on its scandalous traffic in foreign
countries, and has scattered its degrees over England,
Germany and India for a money compensation !\ A
paper published in Germany has discussed the matter
under the head, 'American. Diploma Swindlers.' , The
board «of Oxford University has called public atten
tion to the misdemeanors ,of which the so-called
'Chancellor' of this so-called national university^s
guilty in filling out doctors' diplomas for money." *
A considerable number of person's who purchase
these fake degrees may do so out of a'^ comparatively
' The institution, it appears, has been in the custom
of sending out circulars announcing degrees of nearly
all kinds at fixed figures just as if they were so much
pork. It has been exposed by Chicago papers-, but it
still flourishes and will doubtless continue 'to do so
as long as the State of Illinois permits it to operate
under a charter.
The diplomas, while fraudulent, inasmuch as they
are not conferred by a genuine university, are not
illegal. There exists in Chicago an institution duly
chartered as a university by the State of Illinois,
which for some time past has earned a good living
for those who conduct it by turning out degrees at
cut rates. It gains advantage by the fact that when
announcing itself as a university in Chicago the aver
age citizen supposes it to be the University of Chi
cago.
DISCLOSURES of an extraordinary char
acter have been made in the East concerning
the extent to which fraudulent diplomas are
.sold among people whom ho one would suspect of
being guilty of purchasing a degree to which they
were not entitled. It appears that in New Jersey,
where the investigation has *been carried out with
some thoroughness, there have been found" quite a
number of respectable persons, including several
clergymen, who actually bought and <>aid for degrees
which they must have known were fraudulent and de
ceptive. . • i -
FRAUDULENT DIPLOMAS.
Since it is announced that arrangements are about
completed for. forming a telephone circuit from Bos
ton to this city, it is to be hoped the Boston people
will begin to reform their grammar and quit talking
through the nose. ¦ '
FOREIGN PHRASES— A. S.. City.
"^I'oublle pas" is French and means "for
get not." "Dulce et decorum est pro
patria mori" is Latin and means "Sweet
is it and glorious, honorable to die for
one's country." "Cherche la femme" Is
French and means "seek the woman."
.Many causes induce gray hair, but Parker* 9
Hair Balsam brings back the youthful color.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 ct*. ;
V
. Everything pertaining to s tho New World
may be easily and cheaply teen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and th« best way to
«et to Buffalo la by th» comfortable trains
of th« Nickel Plate Road. , carrying Nickel
Plat* Dining Cars, in -which are served Amer
ican Club meals from 35c to %l each. Boole
free, showing pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAY W.
ADAMS. P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker bulldlns.
San Francisco. Cal.-
Are You "Of the Old World" P
A Missouri girl was thunderstruck when
she learned of her. beau's marriage to an-
recovered shortly after and
eloped with a lightning rod peddler.
Special •information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
comery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's."
Choice candles. Town^nd'n. Palace Hotel*
ALLIGATOR and CROCODILE—Sub
scriber, Oakland, Cal. The difference be
tween the alligator and the crocodile is
that the former has a broader and shorter
head and a blunter snout. The large
canine teeth of the alligator fit into plra
In the upper jaw, while in the crocodile
they fit into grooves or furrows on the
outside of the Jaw. The hind legs of the
alligator have no fringe and its toes are
¦webbed only about one-half * of their
length. The alligator Is found only in
tropical and warm parts of North and
South America, while the crocodile Is
found in similar climates in all other parts
of the world.
DESERTING WIFE— H. T. B,. Los An
geles, Cal. This correspondent asks: "If
a wife deserts her husband, say eleven
years, and during that period marries an
other man, who has since died, is the
husband at liberty to remarry without
seeking the notoriety of a divorce court?"
The answer is that the fact that a wife
deserted her husband and committed big
amy does not divorce the first husband.
To obtain a legal separation and enable
¦him to marry again he must obtain a di
vorce. . .
RED-BREASTED ROBIN— Subscriber.
City.. There is an explanation that the
robin is red-breasted because It was pro
duced by the blood of Jesus. While the
"man of sorrows" was on his way to Cal
vary a robin plucked a thorn from his
temple and a drop of blood falling on ths
bird's breast turned It red.
COPYRIGHT— M. E. H.. City. A copy
right taken out In the United States pro
tects only in that country. Foreign copy
right must be applied for In the country
in which it Is desired. Write to the libra
rian of Congress for a blank for & copy
right in the United States. That -will give
you all the Information you desire.
SWEAT BOX-C. E. L., .City, and A.
O. S., Pinole, Cal. The definition of
"sweat box," as used by the police, was
given in this department in the issue of
August 20. Prisoners are not "placed In
a room where steam is turned on and
other tortures are practiced to make a
criminal confess his crime."
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
Mother — Tommy, a little bird tells me
that you helped yourself to cake while I
was out.
Tommy (aside)— I'll wring that parrot's
neck!— Chicago News.
t s
I "Oh, you cruel boy, to take those eggs
out of the nest! Think of the poor mother
bird when she comes "
"The mother bird's dead, miss." '
"How do you know that?"
"I see it on your hat!"— Punch.
A man stepped into a barber's shop the
other day, and as he was being shaved
the following dialogue took place between
him and the operator:
Barber— Have you ever been here for a
shave before, sir?
Customer-^Yes, sir.
Barber— But I do not remember your
face. '
Customer— No, I suppose not; it's healed.
The following story is told in "Highways
and Byways of East Anglla":
Mayor Wakefleld one day set out for the
next town with a load of hay. On the way
a truss fell from the load, and he applied
to a passer by for assistance In replacing
it. The man addressed, Instead of ren
dering willing aid, drew himself up to
said— m ° re than W3 normal hel Sht and
th'e A MaJo°r U oTEnl y ° U ar<5 addreSSlQ S
"Man." replied Wakeiteld. "that don't
make no odds. I'm the Mayor of Cattle
»wfV\. N ? W Wl " y0U le * d a hand?" *
i^NSrS£"TSK£ the Mayor of
Calif ornians in New York-
Bartholdi; J. B. Murphy, J. de* Valio »?
the Cadillac; L. O. Turner and wife' at
the,Vendome; Miss F. B. O'Neil M™ t
Bird at the St. Denis; th^M^"^^
2' £-, P u rter> at the Imperial; Mrs t
H. Polacher, at the Ashland; p k. Vii
man, at the Park Avenue; C M "Tle'wi"
at the Broadway Central! W. \ B&
mer at the Sturtevant; T. Morton, F W
dt^SS^\ * -.^ * W '
Marion 'de.VHes and\ his wife, of Call
fornla, after several weeks' absence in ?hl
West, have returned to New York Jn3 2j
at the Waldorf-Astoria. Mr. de Vrtes E
much improved In health
CORONADO TENT CITY c^.i W
Cal.. will be a. Popul J^^r^or^tht
season. It became famous last ye J '"*
fort. , entertainment and health, n. .plen^d
cafe waa a- wonder, the Hshing unexecellel
EDITOR San Francisco Call: In
the name of what should be fair
and square, permit me to draw
your attention to the following:
"In your issue of August 20 ap
pears an "Address to' the Farmers" by
the "San Francisco Labor Council,"
which appeals to them to. help support
this strike— i. e., to men who will lose
very heavily by the wrong acts of the
strikers. If .the strikers will go to the
country they will there learn that the
farmers are not to be fooled by the false
assertions emanating from their officials.
In another issue there is also an "Appeal
to Country Press." which will not appeal
to them. They know that their friends,
the farmers,, are thinking of their crops
that are being ruined, ripe fruit rotting,
hay and grain lying in the fields waiting
for the rains to destroy them, solely be
cause the strikers will not handle them,
nor, if they can hinder it, allow others to
do so. The farmers are now thinking.
Where will the money come from to pay
the interest on mortgages, store bills and
farm hands? One farmer told me: "I in
tended to send my son and daughter to
the State University, but that is impos
sible." Another told me: "I am in a
: hard fix. I have enough grain, etc., on
hand to pay up all my yearly, debts, but
there it lies and the first rain will ruin
it." Many and many a thousand dollars
are being lost to the farmers and more
will follow. Yet the strikers send their
appeal to the farmers, "Don't come here
to take our places."
And now permit me to show you the
consistency of these men who would rule
or ruin, who say and act it, "What is
yours is mine and what is mine is my
own," as follows:
In Sonoma and Napa Valley the strik
ers from the Teamsters' Union, the Union
PERSONAL MENTION.
T. W. Mather of Napa is at thje Cali
fornia.
Dr. and Mrs. Buell of Los Angeles are
registered at the. Grand.
' Dr. W. S. Taylor Is registered at the
Palace from Llvermore.
John A. Mclntlre has come down from
Sacramento and is at the Lick.
Slate Senator Chester Rowell is among
the recent arrivals at the Grand. .
Ford Sutton, a well-known mining man
of Sonora, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. W. L. Blodgett is registered at the
Grand from his home at Oat Hill.
Mr. and Mrs. John Dalziel. are regis
tered at the Palace from Scotland.
J. F. Scott, manager of the Agnews Pa
per Mills, is a guest at the California.
Dr.' E. A. Kusel, a prominent.- medical
man of Oroville, is a guest at the Palace.
G. A. Daugherty, an attorney of Salinas,
is at the Grand. He' is accompanied by
his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Simpson have re
turned from Stockton and are at the Oc
cidental. , -
Dr. W. M. Lewis is at the Grand, where
he arrived yesterday from his home in
Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph S. Spear are ex
pected back 'from the Orient on the Doric
September 12.
W. H. Clary, a wealthy mine owner of
Stockton, Is among the arrivals of yes
terday at the Lick.
Mr. . and Mrs. • A. B. Hector of Sydney
arrived yesterday on- the Ventura and
went to 4 the - Occidental. ¦
Roy H. Chajnberlln, Internal Revenue
Collector at Honolulu, is visiting San
Francisco for a few days.
George Hooper,' assistant manager of
the Occidental, has returned from an ex
tended visit to the East and is once more
at his post; of duty. / , \ '
Among the passengers who arrived yes
terday on the Ventura and went to the
Palace are Mr. and Mrs. Thomas 'Hughes
of Sydney, Mr. Hughes intends purchas
ing mules to be used on the sugar planta
tions of Fill.
George' P. Whitelaw. a capitalist of St.
Louis, j who has ' settled \ in Southern Cali
fornia, is at, the Occidental T accompanied
by ; his daughter, j George F.': Kaing,' an
other' prominent merchant jof St. Louis,
is also of the party. '.< .
'Clarence Carrigan, a brother of Andrew
Carrlgan of ', the^unham-Carrlgan-Hay
den - Company, has returned i from Wash
ington, 1 - IX:C.;; where he went to pass his
examination for admission ; to the army.
Lieutenant Carrlgan was : successful and
is , now attached ; to the artillery. Ho ex
pects to : be assigned ; to duty on' this
coast. ' ;':.'¦ -v ¦¦.*¦-¦ - '¦-."•
TWENTY-THIRD REGIMENT—Sub
scriber, Calistoga, Cal. On the 13th of
August the headquarters of Companies
A, B, C, D, E, F. G and H were at the
Presidio, San Francisco; I at Fort "Win
gate, New Mexico: K at Fort A. T>. Rus
sell, "Wyoming; L at Fort Douglass, "Utah,
and M at Fort Logan, Colorado.
WATERMELON JUICE-A. S., City. It
is said that watermelon juice is good for
the skin. To preserve the same express It
from the melon and keep in airtight bot
tle, corked with a glass stopper. This de
partment has not been able to find a
"recipe for a good face cream made of
watermelon." . ¦
Iron Works and others are flooding the
country and taking the places of the reg
ular harvesters who depend on this work
for a little extra money. The regular
wages of harvesters on the machines Is
from %2 to $2 50 per day, and the strikers
are offering to, work at $1 50 per day. At
this place thus far 164 men, all strikers
from San Francisco, have agreed to work
picking hops, taking the work from the
women and children ; who flock here by
the hundreds from their outlying ranches
to gain a little money; also from the In
dians from the Round Valley reservation.
They come to the country by the hun
dreds and take away the work of others
and appeal to the farmers not to come -to
the city to take their work. I will add:
At Covelo I met a striker from the Union
Works who there got $3 50 per day, by
his own statement, and Is -working for
$1 25 per day. On the railroad extension
here I learn they need laborers, but refuse
to'eive work to the strikers.
The writer Is one of the sufferers by
this desire on the part of the strikers to
rule and ruin and, unfortunately, is not
alone in seeing the great and lasting in
jury it will be, and, though it must be
conceded that a laboring man must pro
tect himself, yet the same right extends
to others. They are willing to reap all
the benefits they can from the superior
genius and thrift of others, yet they harp
on the rich man growing fat on their la
bor, while the laborer gets his full share
of the profits accruing from capital. They
begrudge the richer men their wealth, yet
in many cases if they had it they would
soon have to labor or starve.
There are plenty here who know me,
farmers and others, who indorse every
word I have written and who at first
were in sympathy with the strikers and
now have none. Yours respectfully,
WM. HENDLEY.
Uklah, August 31.
KING OF THE AIR— Subscriber, City.
It was on "the 5th of March. 1898, that a
man calling himself "the kind of the air"
made an ascent in a balloon from the
Cliff House. He rose about 800 feet and
came down in Sutro Heights by means
of a parachute.
So strongly has public opinion now declared itself,
it is not unlikely the trustees will be unwilling any
longer to bear the odium of it and will replace Dr.
Osborne. That is about the only means they can
take to right the wrong, and the sooner they, do it
the better.
- The issue is one that rightly stirs the hearts of
the people. No charity can be conceived more de
pendent upon genuine sympathy than that which is
carried out in the Home for the Feeble-minded. To
the care of those poor little children Dr. Osborne
has devoted his life and the best of his faculties. He
has made the home a model of its kind and a blessing
to the inmates. Every one who has any knowledge
of the subject knows how faithfully he has served
every need of the children and how he has studied to
make the utmost possible out of every ray of intelli
gence that brightens their darkened lives. Conse
quently, the removal of such a man for no other pur
pose than that of providing a job for an habitual tax
eater naturally arouses sentiments of disgust and in
dignation.
Since the scheme was carried out for political effect,
it will not be surprising if it should have very im
portant effects in that way, but not of the kind the
scheming trustees intended: From trie number, the
frequency and the force of the protests that have been
made against the outrage done, to the children by
putting them under the control of a political job
hunter it is evident that Gage's ambitions have been
more hurt .than helped. The bosses whose favor was
obtained by the concession to their demands for a
place for Lawlor will not be strong enough to offset
the indignation of the people of all parties and of all
sections of the State. In fact, the more the affair is
studied the more gross the outrage appears and the
less excuse can there be found for the men who per
petrated it
Governor Gage as a candidate for re-election no
doubt thought the removal pf Dr. Osborne and the
appointment of Lawlor would strengthen his hold
upon the bosses and thereby increase his chances of
a renomination. Consequently, the pliant trustees of
the asyium did the work for him. The man who has
administered the affairs of the school for fifteen years
with success and credit to himself and to the State,
and whose loving care of the afflicted children under
his charge has been manifest throughout all the years
of his service, was set aside to make a place for a
man who, to say the least of it, has never shown any
fitness for that office nor achieved honor in any other
office.
CALIFORNIANS are as a rule so indifferent
to the aggressions of political bosses and so
careless of most of the jobbery that goes on
around them that there is a striking significance in
the earnestness with which public opinion has ex
pressed itself in condemnation of the removal of Dr.
Osborne from the management of the Home for
Feeble-minded Children in order to make a place for
a persistent office-seeker. Here at least is an offense
concerning which the people are not indifferent, and
the political jobbers have doubtless learned already
that the3* made a mistake when they counted the home
of these helpless children into a part of the spoils of
politics.
Appeal to Farmers Not to Replace Them, Yet Go to Country
and Take Away Work of. Others.
PUBLIC SENTIMENT AROUSED.
THE SPANISH LANGUAGE— W. C. C,
Honolulu, H. I. Self instructors in the
Spanish or any other language are good
in their way to give a general idea of the
language, but no one can acquire the
accent except by hearing some one pro
nounce it.
FLYING MACHINES— D. D. P., City.
The articles on aerial navigation to which
you no doubt refer are: One that appeared
in Science. 1891, and the other in the Cen
tury. September of the same year. These
may be found In the Free Public Library.
INCONSISTENCY OF STRIKERS
SHOWN BY A CORRESPONDENT
. woman since the Astor family certified.' to the attractiveness of M^ns
Castleman of Kentucky on a celebrated horse show occasion. Miss Coleman
adds .a brilliant memtallty to her charms.
MISS FRANCES COLEMAN. daughter of an old Virginia house, ha3
caused New York beauties to consult their maids and the complexion de
partments of the dally papers.
She has received more' attention from the excluslves then any'young
LINEN AND SILVER— M. M., City. A
lady about to be married should mark her
linen with the Initials of the name that
she is to assume. Wedding presents of
silverware should also have upon them
the initials she will have when married.
GOTHAM'S FOUR HUNDRED IS OCCUPIED JUST NOW IN PAYING
MOST UNUSUAL HOMAGE TO MISS FRANCES COLEMAN, A BEAU
TIFUL AND BRILLIANT DAUGHTER OF THE SUNNY SOUTH.
LOLA MONTEZ-A. S., City. The
proper name of Lola Montez was Maria
Dolores Porris Gilbert. She was born In
Limerick, Ireland, In 1S20, and died In
New York in 1S61. Her - remains were
placed at rest in Greenwood Cemetery.
"WAR VESSEL— C. E. L.. City. N'o bat
tleship was launched at San- Francisco
during the visit of President Harrison,
but durin* such visit, on April 23, 1S91. the
coast defense vessel Monterey was
launched.
EX-SENATOR PUGH-J. D.. City. The
full name of ex-Senator Pugh of Alabama
Is James Lawrence Pugn. He was born
in Burke County, Georgia, December 12,
1820. and his present address is Eufaula,
Ala.
FOR THE PRESS— M. E. H.. City. In
preparing copy for the pre3S the writer
should always capitalize and punctuate
the manuscript. Errors in punctuation
are generally rcrrectcd by the proofread
er.
SPANISH TVAR VETERANS-V.. City.
There is an organization in this city of
the Spanish war veterans. It is called
Relnhold Richter Camp and has head
quarters In the Alcazar building.
A CONGRESSMAN— D. C City. The
address of Congressman Julius Kahn may
be found in the City Directory. If he la
In Washington, D. C. direct it to * The
Hamilton; WashlnKton, D. C N "
The final consequences will fall upon the strikers
themselves and their helpless families. Destruction of a
year's production means a largely decreased demand
for what labor does and produces in the city, and
that means less labor to do and more idle men. The
destructive consequences of war have been visited
upon California by strikers who had no complaint
about wages or hours, and who will, in the finale,
suffer the consequences of their blind obedience to
bad advice.
Let it be recorded as a fact that San Francisco is
losing prestige and position as "the business capital of
California. When the prosperity of a whole State de
pends so much upon one city and that city is unable
to protect the rights of person and property, and the
State suffers as acutely as in this case, men will turn
to some other channel, if there be one, through which
to send their commerce to a waiting market. By the
experience of past seasons it is certain that rain is
less than three weeks off, and that will permanently
fix the gloom and ruin upon the country by destroy
ing. the crop that is exposed and devoted to ruin by
a useless strike and cowardly lawlessness, counseled,
encouraged- and advised by the Examiner and the
labor leaders.
We by no means say that a" majority of the strikers
are of the cowardly and inhuman class who dodge
the police and cruelly beat undefended men whom
thcy^usually outnumber ten to one.
Another feature in the situation is the invasion of
the country field by hundreds of these men who struck
with no grievance and now drive out the country
labor by taking a lower wage. Naturally, the dis
placed country labor comes to the city to take the
places deserted by the strikers who have displaced it.
There is plenty of work at good wages here. But
when a country boy who has been displaced by a
striker comes here to take that striker's place he is
met by "pickets," knocked down, beaten inhumanly
into insensibility and too often robbed of his money
by "sympathizers." Lawlessness, and that alone, pre
vents the industries and commerce of the State, from
moving profitably in their normal channel. It is use
less for the press or "the orators of the day" to keep
repeating strained compliments upon the "good or
der," "the law-abiding disposition" that has been
shown during the strike, for it is not true, and the
farmers and business men of the country are begin
ning to understand that their distress and ruin arc
being wrought by mob and riot and murderous as
sault upon honest American laborers in this city.* The
Labor day procession was not a sample of the strik
ing element, for seven-tenths of its members were
peaceable non-strikers. The disorderly element is
better organized than the police, and has a complete
system of signals and a system of intimidation. In this
they have been daily encouraged by the Examiner,
which has become a sinister and dangerous agent in
the ruin, of the State by lawlessness and disorder.
WE publish to-day a letter from a well-known
citizen, a country producer, who, with thou
, sands of others, is facing great loss by reason
of the clutch of the strikers on the throat of the com
munity. We have no doubt that if hours and wages
were involved in the strike .the farmers would take
their share of the ruin with more patience. But there
is no such question. By paralyzing the, commercial
movement of San Francisco, Oakland and. Port Costa
the strikers have carried ruin throughout the State.
The season's product of perishable^property is much
pf-it destroyed now and the rest Is exposed to de
struction, with no prospect of rescue. It is difficult
for a farmer who is the helpless victim .of the desire
of leaders to show their authority to be at all patient
or take his losses with philosophy. The strikers who
left that part of the work which affects country pro
duce and commerce had no grievance against their
employers. : <. They we,re v getting union hours and
wages, but blindly obeyed the autocratic order of
their leaders to strike.
STRIKERS AND FARMERS.
SHOE STORE— J. B., Fruitvale. Cal.
This department cannot advertise any
shoe house In San Francisco, and for tnat
reason cannot in this column furnish the
information asked for.
RAZOR STRAP-C. E. P.. City. As
this department does not advertise any
business It cannot tell you where you may
obtain such a razor strap as you desire.
OSTRICH FARM— A. J.. Belleville,
Ontario, Canada. There Is an ostrich farm
In California. It is located at South
Pasadena, Los Angeles County.
News from China announces that Li Hung Chang
has retired from politics for about the forty-fifth time,
but it is also stated \hat China is to make extensive
purchases of civilized arms and . ammunition, so it
would seem that in retirement the old man is sawing
wood. .
FREE LIBRARY— R. A.. City. For the
Information asked about certain books in
the Free Public Library apply to the
librarian thereof.
COLLEGE MEN AS LABORERS.
The Berkeley boys who went willingly to stevedor
ing arc types of a class of American youth that we
cannot afford to deny the right to labor nor to de
grade by permitting ihem to be called scabs.
It will not do for this country to depend entirely
upon imported labor, skilled and unskilled, to be sup
plied by immigration, and then given the power, by
organization, to deny to American boys the right to
labor at alL Nearly half of the American born boys
who are going through the colleges and universities
are sprung from the loins of the plain people and
have to support themselves while getting an educa
tion. This is a normal and wholesome condition.
They are to be better men for that experience, and
better Americans, and no organization should have
the power to deny to them that right. It will not do
to permit our native youth to be outlawed and ex
cluded from the right to labor in the land they were
born in. Every year, by increase in demand and by
death and superannuation, there are created about
750,000 vacancies in the ranks of American labor of
all classes. It is not good for the nation to permit
the filling of those vacancies entirely by imported
labor, Chinese or other.
Some very interesting information upon this point
is furnished by the Brooklyn (N. Y.) Rapid Transit
Company. A very large number of college students
in the East are compelled to earn wages during vaca
tion to support them through the next term in school.
The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company has employed
scores of them as conductors, motormen, machinists
and electrical engineers. They have earned good
wages and are well liked by the railroad officials and
traveling public and are found to be scrupulously
honest and thoroughly efficient. Tlje assistant super
intendent of the road said that he would be glad to
secure a hundred more during the vacation, and, in
deed, to keep them at work on the cars and in the
shops all the time, for they make excellent employes,
are courteous, painstaking and efficient and honest in
their dealings. The president, Mr. Greatsinger, who
rose from a common laborer, declared himself greatly
gratified to be able to help so large a number of de
serving and industrious young men to secure a com
plete education by their own exertions. We hope
that this expression bearing on the value and fidelity
of that kind of labor will be added to by its employers
in other fields.
Behind it all, and deeper than the issue raised
against them, is the philosophy of the situation. Are
such youths good workmen? .They have prepared for
a higher education and ha^ve received its initial im
pulse. Their minds are beginning to respond to exact
and symmetrical training. What has been the effect
upon their capacity for self-support by manual labor?
The right of a university man to do common labor
has been assailed with some bitterness and has been
affirmed by President Wheeler of the university, who.
makes the interesting statement that a large percent
age of the students in the State University are work
ing their way to an education, being compelled to
support themselves. The young men who took up
the work of unloading and loading ships that had
been abandoned by strikers seemed to show com
mendable industry and did not flinch at the hardest
parts of the service, but fairly earned their wages.
The general objection made to their appearance in
that field of labor is applied to their appearance any
where in self-supporting manual work. They are non
union woikers, and in effect the objection is to any
but union labor anywhere. This raises a serious
question applicable to the case of all young men who.
are ambitious for the highest intellectual training, but
who can obtain it only by working their way through
college. It is doubtful if they would be admitted to,
membership in any labor union, and, therefore, if the
contention of their critics can be made good they
must abandon the hope of getting the education
which they desire.
the present strike.
THERE has been some criticism of the appear
ance of - several students of the State Univer
sity, as laborers, doing stevedore work, dufing
VIRGINIA BEAUTY NOW
I NTER ESTING N EW YORK
IN ANSWER
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
harmless vanity just as some society people buy • a
coat of arms, but it is safe to say that many of them
intend to use the degree as a means of obtaining the
confidence of the publicjfor the purpose of taking ad
vantage of it by methods more or less dishonest. The
great Chicago enterprise of flooding America and
Europe with cheap degrees is" therefore one "that
should be promptly suppressed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 4. : 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. _
Addnst All Csomuiettiou to W. 8. LEASE, Xtaagtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prct* 204
rcilLICATIOA" OFFICB. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevemon St.
Telephone Pre» 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mail, Including: Postages
Daily CALL (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 8.00
J>AILT CALL (Including Sunday). S months l.CO
DAILY CALL — By Singrle Month 63o
FUKDAT CALL One Tear ; ,..." 1-50
WEEKLY CALL Ore Tear 100
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering char.jt- of address should ba
rartleolar to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tnmtre a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGSESS.
Tmtgtr Foreign /dTfrliuing, Kar^utta Bniliing. Ciie*j3.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261S.")
• KETV TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO.V Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
BRASCH OFFICES— -627 Montromery. corner of Clay, open
cntll t:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larktn, open until
t:tO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia.' open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock,
8200 Fillmore, open until 9. a. m.
6
A MTTSRHTRWTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "A Royal Family."
Central — "A Voice From the 'Wilderness."
Alcazar — "Ingoroar."
Grand Opera-house— "Rosedale."
Tivoli— "ICorma."
California— "An Ideal Husband."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater 1 — VaudeviUe every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. ' •
Eutro Baths— Swtmminj.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWK FOR THE SUMMER.
Call sniisertbera contemplating: a chance «t
ruideaee durlnc tbe summer months can hsT«
thrlr paper forwarded by mail to their mew
addresses by notifying The Call Business Offlee.
This pa/»cr Trill also be on sale at all iimmn
resorts and Is represented by a local aQeat la
xll towns on the coast.THE SAN FRANCISCO SCHOONER HELEN N. KIMBALL GOING TO PIECES ON A CORAL REEF AT FANNING
ISLAND. SHE WAS ALMOST LOADED AND WAS TO HAVE SAILED IN A COUPLE OF DAYS. THE AN
CHOR CHAIN PARTED AND THAT WAS THE CAUSE OF THE DISASTER.
Captain and Crew Brought Home on the Steamship Ventura— The
Schooner's Anchor Chain Parts and She Drifts on' the Reef
Before a Second Anchor Would Hold on the Sandy Bottom
5CH00NER HELEN N. KIMBALL
A WRECK ON FANNING ISLAND
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority' of the Superintendent.
! NOTE-r-The high and low waters occur at
the city front - (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes . later than at Fort Point"
the height of tide Is the same at both places'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE-^In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column ' and ffie successive ; tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The . heights piven are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey, charts, except when a minus (—")
sign precedes the height, and then . the number
given is . subtracted from the ; depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is, the mean
of the lower. low waters. . _ ....
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER i
Sun rises 5-41
Sun eets 6:38
Moon rises ......;...,. io:28 p. m.
Roanoke Rye, Honey -and 'Horehound.
Get it You'll • not regret it •
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
' September ' 3,. 1901. •
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building- .was ; dropped at exactly noon to-day
i.\ e.,~ at noon of , the 120th meridian, ; or at 8
o' clock- p." m.",' Greenwich; time. ¦ «
' ¦¦. . ' , . C O. CALKINS,
¦'Lieutenant Commander, U. S. • N.V In charge.
¦ *."•"• /V- '<¦ ¦¦:¦¦¦¦,. ¦ •
Time Ball.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
bany's Guatemala will not get away for
Central and South i American ports to
day. Owing to the rush of freight her
sailing has been postponed until to-mor-
r °The Hongkong Maru will get away for
the Orient to-day. She has aboard every
ounce of cargo she can carry and will
sail en time. , '
The Ventura goes to the sugar refinery
to discharge her cargo of sugar and then
coal for the return. run to * Australia, She
will get away on schedule time if the
English malls are not late.
The St. Paul is being loaded . for a re-
Water Front Notes.
The Russian bark Fahrwohl, which ar
rived at San Diego from Hamburg a
couple of days ago, had a terrible time of
it in the English Channel. A whole suit
cf Balls was blown out of the bolt ropes,
the running gear was damaged, the steer
ing disabled, everytuing movable on deck
washed overboard and a Bailor named K.
Wastmann drowned. Rounding the Horn
another gale was encountered that tried
The good shin to the uttermost. Once in
the Pacific, however, all was plain sail
ing and the Fahrwohl finally reached San
Diego battered, but still In the ring. ,
Bussian Bark Damaged.
Judge de Haven said there was nothing
in the evidence to show that the steam
drum, when originally placed in the
steamer, was not in all respects safe and
sound. The - explosion was flue to the
weak condition of the drum, a leakage in
one of the girth seams, being observed
some time before. When that discovery
of the leakage was made a careful exam
ination of the drum should have been had
without delay.. The failure of the peti
tioner to make such examination was due
to the negligence of the engineer and oth
ers of Its servants. It was no part r .of
Daly's duty to have made such examina
tion. No damages were awarded to the
estate of Captain Tulan, his brothers and
sisters, his only heirs, not having suffered
any pecuniary loss by reason of his death,
it having been shown that the decedent
had not saved any of his money and that
he had not been of any pecuniary benefit
to them. ; • ¦¦• •'¦ - ..•>.'; ; ¦ . . ¦
• Jeremiah Daly, a fireman; John T. Tu
lan, captain of the steamer; W. A. Blunt
and Luigi Rrizzolara, passengers, were
killed and Guieseppe Fopplano was in
jured In the accident. The court made
the following awards: To Foppiano $2500,
to the administratrix of Brlzzolara $3000,
to the administratrix of Jeremiah Daly
$5000 and to the estate of Blunt $2700.
Nothing was given to the estate of Cap
tain Tulan. . ¦
Judge de Haven of the United States
District Court handed down a decision
yesterday, intbe matter of the petition of
the river steamer T. C. Walker for a limi
tation of liability in the damage suits in
stituted again3t it for personal injuries
and loss of life caused by the bursting 6t
a steam drum on the San Joaquin River
November 27, 1808.
Owner? of the *Steamer
T. O. Walker Are
j Held Liable.
Bryan E. James, Henry Miller and wife.
Dolores Mallana. Perigrlna Mallana,. M. Hur
tado. Marie A. Diaz. Indabeio Mallana Made-
Una Laguna Teresa Zepida," Eduardo Males,
Juan Jacoby, George Spotswood, B. Hugen
iobbV R0|£r R. Vair. L. Carolina. Rafael
Fernandez* E. Knowles, M. Muller. Mare
ranat. Victor Patron and Terece C. de Pat
?o^ Victor tod Martin Patron, Marie San
che'z FrancuSo Caiz. Alejandra Douglass,
Angel ConobBTe and J. P. Vincent.
The Newport brought two Chinese in
transit to Bongkong. The officers and
passengers on the steamship knew noth
ng about the fighting in Central America.
In fact, they are seeking information
here. •;-¦-¦-•-• ¦* J * •"
Newport From Panama.
The Pacific Mail Company's Newport
arrived from Central American and Mex
ican' ports yesterday morning after a
good run of twenty days twelve hours.
She brought up a large cargo, composed
principally of coffee, peas, fruit, cedar
logs and thirty-five packages of treasure.
Her cabin passengers were:
The contempt proceedings instituted by
Superior Judge Harrington of Modoc
County against Attorneys Raker and Har
ris, counsel for the Lookout lynching sus
pects, came before the Supreme Court
yesterday. No decision was rendered, but
th<» case was ordered submitted on briefs.
Kodoc Attorneys in Court.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NOUMEA— Arrived Aug 29— Schr Inca, from
Port Blakeley.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 2— Br bark As
toria, for Hamburg 1 .
RIO DE JANEIRO— Sailed Aug 12— Br ship
Scottish Lochs, for San Francisco.
SHIELDS-Salled Sept 1— Br ship Wayfarer,
for San Francisco.
TABLE BAY— Sailed Sept 2— Br ship Black
braes, for Oresron.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed July 21— Bark
Abby Palmer, for Honolulu. Aug 3— Br bark
Hereford, for San Francisco; schr Honoipu,
for Honolulu. Aug 5— Bktn Echo, for Eleele.
Aug 7 — Br ship Cloomeno, for Oregon. Auk 9 —
Schr W H Smith. Aug 10— Bktn Robert Sud
den, for Honolulu. *
To sail Aus 14— Br ship Torridon, for Ore
gon.
In port Auff 13 — Br ships Bracadale, Clack
mnnnans-hlre, Marlon Frazer; Br bark Hineo
ma, Fr bark Edmond Rostand, Br ship Or
ontes, for San Francisco; bktn Chehalis, for
Honolulu; Br bark Fireshire, Br ship Torri
don, for Oregon; ship Invincible, bktn Jane L
Stanford, bktn James Tuft. Nor bark Prince
Louis, for Hpnolulu.
Sailed Sept 2 — Bktn James Tuft, for Hono
lulu.
MADAGASCAR-Sailed Aue 10-Fr bark Er
nest Royer. for Astoria.
HAMBURG— In nort Aue 8— Br .bark Pen
ryhn Castle, for Seattle.
SYDNEY— Stilled July 23— Ship S P Hitch
cock, for Ran Francisco.
ROYAL ROADS-Arrlved Aug 29-Shlp Ha
waiian Isles, from Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW, .YORK,— Sailed . ,Se;>t - 3-Stmr Georjrlc,
for Liverpool: stmr Servia, for Liverpool.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Aller, from
New York, via Naples.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Sicilian,
from Montreal.
MANILA— Sailed Aug 31— Stmr Chin* Wo.
from Tacoma, etc. for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 1-Stmr Koenlgen
Luise, from Bremen, for New York. .
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Seot 1— Stmr Werra,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York. .
. PLYMOUTH— Sailed Sept 3— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg and Boulogne, for New
Tork.
LIZARD — Passed Sept 4 — Stmr St Paul, from
New York, for Southampton.
BROWHEAD'-Passed Sept 3— Stmr Teutonic,
from New York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool. . ¦
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
SMUGGLED GOODS FOXTND
ON OCEAN STEAJSIEES
Ten Thousand digars, a Barrel of Old
Cognac and Silk Shawls
Seized.
Jose Araza, a member of the crew of
the Guatemala, walked down the gang
plank yesterday with a two-gallon milk
can in his hand whistling an aria from
"The Pirates of Penzance." He was over
hauled by Customs Inspector Enlow. who
found In ! the can two silk-embroidered
shawls and one dozen fancy silk handker
chiefs. Wrapped around Araza's body
next the . skin were • two more shawls of
the same kind and another dozen hand
kerchiefs. The goods were seized as smug
gled, and Araza, being allowed to go on
board the vessel, secreted himself and
could not be found. Later on a s*earch
warrant was issued 'to enable the officers
to search the steamer for him and take
him into custody on a charge of smug
gling.
Ten thousand smuggled cigars and 125
quart bottles of old cognac were seized
on board the Serapis from Hamburg.
They were secreted in the cook's quar
ters. ,
William Prall, a clerk, San Francisco,
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday in
the United States District Court. He
owes $2600 and has no assets.
Petition in Insolvency.
JUDGE DE HAVEN
AWARDS DAMAGES
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORY— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Allfanca,
from Colon.
ELEELE — To sail Aug 27 — Schr Forester, for
Port Townsend.
KAHULUI— Arrived Aug 2— Schr Bertie
Minor, from Eureka.
ISLAND PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 1— Shlu Florence, for
Honolulu,
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 8— Ship Bal
clutha. for Melbourne.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 2— Schr De
fender, from Port Townsend.
EXJREKA — Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Eureka, for
Ban Francisco; stmr Santa Barbara, for Ban
Pedro.
Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Pasadena, from^ San
Pedro.
Sailed Sept 3— Schr Bertha Dolbeer. for New
port. - :
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 3— Br ship Brabloch,
for Queenstown.
Arrived Sept 3— Fr bark Nantes, from Hlogo.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept 1— Schr
Ludlow, from San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Sept 3— Stmr
Chlco, from Oyster Harbor.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 1— Schr Webfoot, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sent 2— Stmr Bonlta, for
San Francisco; stmr Senator, for Nome.
Arrived Sept 3— Stmr Cottage City, from
Skaruay.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Sept 3— Schr King
Cyrus, for Melbourne.
Passed in Sept 3 — Barks Ft James and Rufus
E Wood, both from Honolulu.
Auff 13. lat 16 S, Ion 38 W-Ship Roanoke.
from Norfolk, for San Francisco.
Augr 3, lat 17 N. Ion 35 W— Br ship Scottish
Glens, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
Per Br ship Celtic Chief— Ang 27. lat 27 N,
Ion 138 W, Br ship Chas Cotesworth. from
Callao, for Puget Sound. Aug 29, lat 39 N,
Ion 130 W, bark Lord Templeton, from New
castle, Aus, for San. Francisco; wished to be
reported all well.
TELEGRAPHIC. -
POINT LOBOS, Sept 3, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
SAILED. <i
Tuesday.' SeDtember 3.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whltesboro, Oloen. — : — . •. . ,.
StmrArcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, .
Br stmr Buckingham, Cole, Guayaquil, via
Noyo. ¦ ¦ • ¦ >
Schr Newark, Cranele, Stewarts Point.
LUMBER— Receipts of Lumber at this port
during the month of August were as* follows:
From California, 5.307.C00 feet; Washington,
12.043,000; Oregon, 3,157,000. The exports during
the month were 905,241 feet.
SALMOX— Receipts of Salmon were, as fol
lows: From Alaska, 89,729 cs and 800 pkgs;
Washington, 4942 cs and S15 pkgs; California,
21 cs. The exports were 2876 cs and 24 pkgs.
COAL — The receipts of Coal during the month
compare as follows: From Puget Sound, 43,253
tons; Oregon. 2280; British Columbia, 32,874;
Australia, 13,664; England,J9017; Eastern, 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. ;
Monday, September 2.
Stmr .Ventura, Hayward, 20 days 21 hours
51 minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days
14 hours 51 minutes.
Tuesday, September S.
Stmr Luella, Jacobs, 19 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr Newport, Eaunders, 20% days from
Panama, etc.
Br ship Celtic Chief, Jones, 62 days from
Valparaiso.
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen, 5 days from
Coos Bay.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Venfura also brought up about
fifty steerage passengers, among whom
was the crew of the schooner Helen N.
Kimball, wrecked on Fanning Island
June 23 last. Captain H. J. Hansen of the
wrecked vessel, in speaking of the dis
aster, said: "We left San Francisco May
12 and made a stop at Kahului on our
way to Washington and Fanning Island.
We made a good run and discharged all
our cargo and had nearly a full load of
copra aboard when a heavy swell began
to roll in. Suddenly our anchor chain
parted and before the second anchor that
was let go would hold the schooner was
on the reef. We worked, trying to get
her off, thirty-six hours and then she
began to break up, so we left her. All
hands got into the boat and made for
the shore. When near the beach a big
roller capsized us, but we all scrambled
ashore except the mate, whose leg was
broken. His name is F. Dredlich. He
was left behind at Fanning Island In
charge of George Grelg, who owns the
"We were some time on Fanning Island
and were very knidly treated. Then the
steamer Tsabel of Sydney, N. S. W..
came along and took us to Pago Pago.
We arrived there too late to catch the
Sonoma and had to wait for the Ventura.
The Kimball went to pieces before we
left Fanning Island and nothing was
saved." — '
The Helen N. Kimball was built at
Cuffeys Cove in 1S81 and was 1S2.65 tons
net burden. Her dimensions., 'were 112
feet 5 inches long. 30 feet 8 inches beam
and 9 feet 2 inches deep. She was owned
by the Charles Nelson Company.
First saloon — Mrs. Barraclough, Master
Burns, Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Burns, Bishop
Broyer of Pago Prgo, A. H. Barraclough, H.
Bailey. Miss S. L. Byington, F. Buckhurst.
Captain Cameron, Scott Crauston, A. H. Can
by J. Crowley, Mr. and Mrs. John Dalziel.
Mrs. Dr. Kwbanks and maid. Master Fraser,
Mrs. R. K. Fraser, Miss A. Fleming:.- Mr.
Gilliat and son, Jean Gerardy, E. Grlmwade,
Miss M. L. Gorten, Rupert Hosklng. Dr.
Hughes W. J. Howatt. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Hughes, Miss Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. A. B.
Hector, Mr. Hendricks, Rev. A. Loretucci,
Lieutenant Paul Lambert, Daniel McLaren, H.
B. Morlev, Francis Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. W.
A. Pearia Mr. Peacock, Mrs. C. McQuade.
"Miss McQuade and maid, Mr. and Mrs. P. S.
Spark, Miss Stott, Mrs. Stott and boy. S. Stott,
Mr Stienfeld, Mr. Simmons, J. A. Smallbones,
J. Thompson. A. B. Thompson, J. R. Vesey and
valet. E. W. Vickers, F. A. Vasche, Miss G.
Second saloon — G. Adams, Miss Bro
han, B. H. Bineham, H. Chatfleld,
J Davis, Mrs. . Eastwood and two
children, A. Fjeld, Miss Green. Mrs. Hynes,
Miss Hynes, T. F. Joseph, Mrs. E. A. Jacob
son, "W. J. Merrow, F. J. McDermott, J. F.
Noach. C. H. O'Connor. Mr. Pullen S A.
Sands, Rev. W. Thornton, J. Veitch, Miss
Wright, J. Warren, George Wright, W. W.
Wright, Mrs. W. W. Wright. Stanley Wright,
W. F. Walker. •
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Ventura, which arrived from
Australasian ports Monday night
too late to pass quarantine, was
released early yesterday morn
ing and taken to her dock. She made the
run from Honolulu in five days fourteen
hours and fifty-one minutes, or one hour
twenty-seven minutes better time than
the Cblna made.
The Ventura brought over as part of
her cargo $2,500,000 in treasure. This is
the balance of trade, which shows that
Uncle Sam has sent goods to that value
to England and her colonies in excess of
what they sent him.
The cabin passengers who came up from
Honolulu on the Ventura were published
in yesterday morning's paper. Those
who came here on her from Sydney, N.
S. W., Auckland,' N. Z., and Pago Pago,
Samoa, were the following:
turn trip to Alaska and will get away
about the end of the week.
He compare,d the complaint of John Le
Blanc in a Jocular manner to those of the
"two tailors of Tooley street," London.
He said that these two fussy tailors filed
complaints with Parliament in which they
stated that they represented the English
people. So Le Blanc claimed to repre
sent the oil producers. "Short said that
Le Blanc complained about the 'spur'
charges," said Norton, "yet as an nctual
fact this man Le Blanc's land is not sit
uated on the spur, and he consequently
has no grievance on that ground. Norton
also said that surely if oil men wanted
to see the present rate from Bakersfield
reduced, they would have shown enough
Interest In the case to be present at the
hearing.
The case will reopen this morning at 10
o'clock. .
Norton continued by saying that in his
experience in the legal profession- he had
never seen less testimony presented by a
plaintiff's attorney than in the oil rate
case. He said that the attorney for the
plaintiff had brought forward no wit
nesses, but had simply spent all his time
cop.tradicting the evidence that the rail
road attorneys had presented.
Attorney Short declared that unless the
Railroad Commissioners at once took
stepa to see that the price of haulins oil
from Bakersfield to this city was reduced
the oil men would be in the poorhouse
and the oil industry would be abandoned.
Attorney Norton spoke for a few min
utes. His first argument was that, had
the case been taken to a court of Justice
instead of to the Railroad Commissioners,
he would have at once demanded that it
be dismissed. His grounds for the re
quest of the dismissal would have been,
so he stated, that the plaintiff would have
to prove that the reduction in tne freight
rate' would be of benefit to him.
Norton Criticizes Short's Methods.
Attorney Short handed in sheet after
sheet of. statistics about the present
rates in vogue by the Southern Pacific.
He claimed that certain industries were
being fostered by the railroad, while the
oil business, as J. C. Stubbs is reported
to have once said, stood "all the traffic
would bear." ¦
This line of attack appeared to worry
Attorney Herrin a great deal.
"Are you aware of the fact, Mr. Short,
that the line between here and Portland
is not paying?" asked Herrin. "The com
pany lost $300,000 on this branch of the
syst'em last year." '' :
"No, I did not know it," replied Short.
"What do you think we ought to do?"
continued Attorney Herrin. "Close down
the road?"
Line of Attack Worries Herrin.
A few minutes before adjournment T. J.
Norton, solicitor for the Santa. Fe, opened
Ms argument, but as it was late in the
afternoon he will continue at 10 o clock
this morning.
During the day some pleasantries were
exchanged between Attorneys Short and
Herrin, the latter representing the South
ern Pacific. Attorney Short was attempt
ing to show the Railroad Commissioners
that the freight. rate between Portland,
Or., and San Francisco were much less In
comparison than those between Bakers
field and this city.
The attorneys In the oil transportation
rate hearing opened their arguments yes
terday morning before the Railroad Com
missioners in this city. Attorney Frank
Short, who represents John Le Blanc, the
plaintiff in the suit, made the opening
argument. His lino of attack was mostly
based on mathematical facts. He quoted
figures from the moment he arose almost
until he closed late in the afternoon. r>ur
ing the time he had the floor, however,
he found time to criticize General Mana
ger Kruttschnitt— in fact, from his - re
marks, the Railroad Commissioners were
led to infer that Kruttschnitt could- cast
the late C. P. Huntington's record into the
shade at making evasive answers.
A resolution -was adopted authorizing
the payment of merchants' demands 'of
1'33. aggregating J75.000, out of the sur
r!us fund. The bills of the Pacific Tele
phone Company for that year, amounting'
to $45fO. were ordered held up pending an
iivestigation of their validity.
The Twentieth Century Athletic Club
v.as given a permit for a boxing contest
in November.
The bill defining certain limits within
vhich shoddy mills, carpet beating works
and tanneries may be maintained was
passed to print.
The Joint Judiciary and License Com
mittee was authorized to subpena the
president and secretary of. the various
street railway companies in order to take
testimony on the financial condition of
the roads. The evidence adduced will be
utilized in shaping- the committee's report
on the proposed ordinance, increasing, the
license tax on street cars from $15 to $50
per annum.
License Tax on Street Cars.
The ordinance providing regulations for
the installation of electrical wires, ap
paratus or construction in or on buildings
¦was finally passed.
The bill regelating the speed of auto
mobiles and providing: for the storage of
gasoline for the machines was finallj'
passed.
A resolution appropriating: $4500 out of
the urgent necessity fund to extend the
quarters of the Insane Detention Hospital
was adopted.
A resolution was then adopted direct
ing the Board of Works to levy fines on
thf firm if the specifications for street
sprinkling are violated in the future. The
demands for street cleaning during July
by Gray Bros, were ordered paid. Braun
hart's resolution requesting the Charter
Amendment . Committee to submit an
amendment directing the Board of Works
to clean the streets by day's labor in
stead of by contract was referred to the
committee named.
Reed objected to the adoption of the
report on the ground that the Judiciary
Committee had only heard one side of th<5
case. He said a. number of merchants
had complained of the imperfect manner
in which the streets had been cleaned by
Gray Bros. Reed told of loads of sweep
injrs which had been allowed to remain
in the streets for days at a time. Bran
<;ersteln stated that the proposed hearing
l;a<i been sufficiently advertised and that
there was no evidence that the firm had
violated its contract. The committee ad
mitted that during: July the streets were
not properly swept, owing to inexperi
ence, but the specifications .were violated
only In minor details.
Street-Sweeping Trouble.
The resolution declaring the contract of
Gray Bros, for street sweeping at an end
was defeated on the report of the Judi
ciary Committee that the firm had not
violated the eight-hour labor clause in
the charter.
Fourth — Must each proposition to a proposed
bond issue be voted on separately, as: Library
suites. library building, school building, park
extension lands, hospital and sewers?
Fifth— May the election be held on one day
for all propositions, or must there be several
elections on separate days?
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution requesting the City
Attorney to advise regarding the method
of procedure to acqufre sites for the new
public library donated by Andrew Car
regie in case it is decided not to use sites
now possessed by the city. The questions
on which the board seeks information fol
low:
Firrt— If money Is provided In the tax levy
for a Eite to cost more than $50,000 what are
the proceedings necessary to be followedT
What. In case the money is to be provided by
a bond issue? Must the eite be described in
the ordinance, and in what detail? .
Second-If several sites for branch libraries
in different parts of the city are to be acquired
Pt en aggregate cost of more than $50,000, out
at the tax levy, if it necessary to have a vote
by the people on the question?
Third— Can the city condemn the leasehold of
the Lincoln School lots?
Braunhart Wants All Street
Sweeping Done by Board
of Works.
Herrin Says Railroad Line, to
Portland Is Losing
Money. %
Attorney Short Submits
Many Pages of Dry
Statistics.
Supervisors Seek Infor
mation From City
Attorney.
LAWYERS ARGUE
OIL RATE CASE
HOW TO ACQUIRE
LIBRARY SITES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 4
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Sept. i
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 4
Australia Tahiti Sept. 4
Mackinaw Seattle S*pt. 4
Horda Oyster Harbor Sept. 4
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 4
Eureka Humboldt' Sept. 4
Milton Nanalm6 ISept. 4
Crescent City.. Crescent City ISept. 3
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pta. Sept. 5
Washtenaw Tacoma Sept. 5
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 6
Pornoia Humboldt Sept. 7
Ccrona.. v .. Redondo & Way Porta. Sept. 8
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 9
City Puebla.... Puget Sound Ports Sept. 0
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. Sept. 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
September 4.
San Pedro Humboldt
Robt. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Rainier Puget Sound Ports
Coronado Grays Harbor
North Fork... Humboldt
Pomona Humboldt
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way
Corona Redondo & Way..:
H'k'gMaru.. China & Japan....
September O.
Kureka Humboldt
St. Paul Nome & St Michael
September 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports
San Jose Panama & Way..
•Serapis Hamburg & Way..
September N.
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way.
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
10 am
5 pm
11 am
........I
9 am
1:30 p
12 m
9 am
1 pm
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier s>
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
.9 am
2 pm
Pier 13
Pier —
I
10 am
12 m
113 ,m
Pier 11
PMSS,
iPler 21
9 am
11 am
PIrr 11
Pier 9
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Humboldt Skaguay & Way, Ports. Sept 4
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 4
Farallon Skaeuay A "Way Ports. Sept. 6
Chas. Nelson.. Rkaguay & AVay Ports. Sept 5
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. ! 6
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept 10
Bertha Valdez & Way. Ports... Sept! 10
Time Time • Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L W H W L W
4,... 4:11 4.4 9:06 2.5 3:2$ 5.7 10:30 ~0~2
5 ... 5:29 4.2 10:09 2.8 4:26 5.6 11:41 0 1
6... 6:48 4.2 11:24 3.1 5:34 5.6
• L. W H W L. W . H W
7... 0:51 ,0.0 7:66 4.4 12:41 ¦ 3.0 6:43 5 5
8... .1:49-0.1 8:51! 4.7 1:48 '2.7 7:54 5 5
9 .. 2:401—0.11- 9:3fi|n.O 2:46 2.3 8:SS 55
10... 3:26[ 0.0 10:13| 5.2 3:36 2.0 9:51 5*5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 4
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Sept. i
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 4
Australia Tahiti Sept. 4
Mackinaw Seattle S*pt. 4
Horda Oyster Harbor Sept. 4
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 4
Eureka Humboldt' Sept. 4
Milton Nanalm6 ISept. 4
Crescent City.. Crescent City ISept. 3
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pta. Sept. 5
Washtenaw Tacoma Sept. 5
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 6
Pornoia Humboldt Sept. 7
Ccrona.. v .. Redondo & Way Porta. Sept. 8
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 9
City Puebla.... Puget Sound Ports Sept. 0
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. Sept. 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
September 4.
San Pedro Humboldt
Robt. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Rainier Puget Sound Ports
Coronado Grays Harbor
North Fork... Humboldt
Pomona Humboldt
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way
Corona Redondo & Way..:
H'k'gMaru.. China & Japan....
September O.
Kureka Humboldt
St. Paul Nome & St Michael
September 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports
San Jose Panama & Way..
•Serapis Hamburg & Way..
September N.
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way.
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
10 am
5 pm
11 am
........I
9 am
1:30 p
12 m
9 am
1 pm
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier s>
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
.9 am
2 pm
Pier 13
Pier —
I
10 am
12 m
113 ,m
Pier 11
PMSS,
iPler 21
9 am
11 am
PIrr 11
Pier 9
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Humboldt Skaguay & Way, Ports. Sept 4
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 4
Farallon Skaeuay A "Way Ports. Sept. 6
Chas. Nelson.. Rkaguay & AVay Ports. Sept 5
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. ! 6
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept 10
Bertha Valdez & Way. Ports... Sept! 10
Time Time • Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W L W H W L W
4,... 4:11 4.4 9:06 2.5 3:2$ 5.7 10:30 ~0~2
5 ... 5:29 4.2 10:09 2.8 4:26 5.6 11:41 0 1
6... 6:48 4.2 11:24 3.1 5:34 5.6
• L. W H W L. W . H W
7... 0:51 ,0.0 7:66 4.4 12:41 ¦ 3.0 6:43 5 5
8... .1:49-0.1 8:51! 4.7 1:48 '2.7 7:54 5 5
9 .. 2:401—0.11- 9:3fi|n.O 2:46 2.3 8:SS 55
10... 3:26[ 0.0 10:13| 5.2 3:36 2.0 9:51 5*5
ADVESTISElVLBliXTS.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
- SAN BENITO CO.
To raise money to build a large furnace on
this mine we will sell treasury stock for 5Oc
per share until further notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock Is all Bold and
Issued, and we are now producing quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
H. R. BRADFORD. General Manager.
7 North Market st., San Jose.
i Prospectus and exhibits at branch office, 413
Kearny St., San Francisco.
• F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
DR.MEYEflS&CO. Jg!ilt%>
Specialist. Disease js||g/5*' • ] c
and weakness of seirg^ f
men. Established <&&£ tjn ¦¦ ¦ f
1SS1. Consultation |(V^ 45e^M'»
and private book ' ' "^ \
free, at office or by '^^Brv
mail. Cures guar- it^'i^S^^W^
antoed. 731 Mar- r^^^P^^"
ket street (eleva- \t
tor entrance), San /^^7^$^ 1 */<W
& visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
»huseoh of fiHfliosnrS
A C"^ lo:1 UASZ^T ST. let. 6±i7:i, S.r.Cil. d
\ The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
g World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
" (SS'siM *sea<e po»iH»«-ly eared hy the oldest Y
© Jgj^i bpeaalist on the Coast. Esl 36 years. O
A &%£*% DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF HEN Q
\ V Consultation free ind stricSIy private. \
A J XX&Z M Treaimsni personally or by letter. A B
\ifi If Si If J>0 * itivt Cure io every case undertaken. \
API »0I Writefor Book. FHILOSOPnY of A
"it II WAltniACE. MAILED FREE.
Jl Q It. valuable book {or mm) x
Y nn. JORDAN A CO., 1031 Market St. S. F. Y
nirr* nni/Af conier F ° urtn ana
U fil L rl U 1 IlL. s"eam SP a'rld 1 SeTr.
VI It I. UUillU*, Overcoats and
valises checked free.
'AUrUSEiOEBNTSL \$
BEUISCOa*o THAU'S jferiVj^,
Tt^YniM^^^SJ S3 gtfg*t}£ CITY H6U
TO-NIGHT AND EVERT EVENING,
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TRANSCENDENT TRIUMPH of Edward Eis-
ner's Spectacular Biblical Drama.
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of the Eminent American Actor,
RO ERT DOWNING.
300 People on the Stage— A Great Cast.
njji/'j;c Evenings 10c 15c, 25c. 33c, 50c
I AlULJ Matinees... .' 10c. 15c. 2ac
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGfiT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
T * WEEK.
JOSEPH HA WORTH
In Lester Wallack's Great Play,
Joseph Haworth's performance of Elliot Gray
Is a masterpiece of love, comedy and pathos.-
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 23c. 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
. Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
'r i _— NEXT~WEEK
. JOSEPH HA WORTH IN' "QUO VADIS."
THIS EVENING.
MR. JAMES AND THE
i g ffi.yf Aa/W company.
—PRESENTING— '
AN IDEAL HUSBAND.
NEXT WEEK— LAST OF MR. JAMES NEILI.
AND COMPANY, v
Sunday and Monday Evenings I BARBARA
Monday Matinee— 25c and 50c ffFRIETCHIE
Tuesday Evening. . .THE i JILT
"Wednesday Ev"s..A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Thursday Matinee........... ...THE JILT
Thursday Evening:.;... ....... ..A ROYAL BOX
Friday (farewell)... THE LOTTERY OF LOVE
;¦•-:;'¦,;-' '-'SEATS THURSDAY. ¦
~i : ¦¦¦ — — ~~-~ > >
CfiL IIMRIfi M ™«n
WVfia%lB¥l_»IM LEADING THEATEs
Every Night Excapt Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES ITROHMAN
Presents
ANNIE RUSSELL
In the Comedy of Romance,
A ROYAL FAMILY
By R. Marshall.
Exactly as Seen for Over Sbe Months Last Sea-
son at the Lyceum Theater. New Tork.
MATINEE TO-DAT (WEDNESDAY). SEPT. 4.
Parquet, any seat, 23c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE'S
BRIGHTEST PHASES!
LIBBY. TRAYER AND GILBERT. THE FIVE
. SUNBEAMS, THE LA VALLEE TRIO.
MLLE. LOTTY. TALKATIVE MISS NOR-
TON", LUCILLE SAUNDERS. THE GREAT
POWELL AND HIS COMPANY. THH
CRAGG FAMILY. AND THE BIOGRAPII.
"• *-.,--_ . * ~— '¦¦*" ' ¦". • ; ,' ! *. :
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT, Friday. Saturday, #
Great' Opera NORiVlA
Thursday, Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee.
M I G N O PTEsr'i&Sr
"CARMEN"— Neit Weeb~"FAUST"
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc. 50c and 75c.'.
Telephone Bush 9.
/fr* •*** ft i W s% "P i~a r*^ v A \,
(( jiAk A try E£r\ m Jr\ £-• w
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
t Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In a superb production of
WITH ALL NEW SCENERY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 33c. 50c and 73c.
NEXT WEEK— FLORENCE ROBERTS,
"THE TAMING OF THE SHREW."
Extra , Matinee Monday— ADMISSION DAYl'
CHUTES AND_Z00
3!G VAUDEVILLE BILL!
' Including
FIVE BIG ACTS FROM THE ORPHEUM.
To-Morrow Night -The Amateurs
AND A LADIES' BASKET-BALL CONTEST.
* Telephone for Seats Park 23.
FTSCHFR'S concert house.
riOtnnn O Admission 10c.
The Paloma Quartet, the Coopers, Jun4
Mathlas. £am Holdsworth. W. TV. Durant.
Amos Davis, Maybelle de Heard, Coleman and
Mexis and Hlnrichs' Orchestra. ¦ •
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to 11 p. ra.
. Bathing from 7 a. ra. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathing. Including admission. Sc; children. 50c.
PALACE
¦ __: These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
" r " 1 *' . Ists and travelers ap-
CDAMTt pi eciate— central loca-
bKAfill tion. liberal manaye-
hat ct c merit, modern appolnt-
nU 1 EL J, raenta and perfect cul-
sine.
. «an American and Euro-
.¦'~. pean plans.
Francisco.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KILL THE DANDRUFF GERM
Cr Your Hair Will Fall Out Till You
Become Bald. -
Modern science has discovered . that
dandruff 13 caused by a germ that digs
up the scalp In scales, as it burrows down
to the roots of the hair, where It destroys
the hair's vitality, causing (ailing: hair,
and, ultimately, baldness. After Professor
Unna of Hamburg, Germany, discovered
the dandruff germ, all efforts to find a
remedy failed until the great laboratory
discovery was made which resulted In
Newbro's Herpicidc. It alone of all other
hair preparations kills the dandruff germ.
Without dandruff, hair grows luxuriantly.'
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." ¦ ¦ '
' >828&&k iy |M « VIGOR. VITALITY forMEN
<t «3^ MORMON BISHOP'S PIL.LS
. £»*«»„ taPa have been in use over fifty
•aPrar^*^^ years by the leaders of tho
¦HW*£ii?£M Mormon Church and their
iSfejtf'Svp^?} followers. Positively cure the
%^ivS^l J^\*^SJ worst cases In olrl and young
WK'itLlVtfSSj arising from effects of Belt-
Vg»Jw3)A/^r 'abuse, dissipation, excesses or
XBb!S&*V'«/ clsarette-smokinff. Cure Lost
x£&&$9jpjgr ' Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Hark,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Los3 ' of Semen, mmm Varicoceln or Con.
stipatlon. Stop Ner »*} fffl vous Twitching o£
Eyelids. Effects are^~L_~^_lmmedlate. Im-
part visor and pote *. = " * a »ncy to every func-
tlcn. Don't pet despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore 'email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
f? EC by mail. A written guarantee to cura or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Artiirps* BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
and 43 Third st. ¦:-¦¦¦..¦ v. .
Rifles, 9 Ammunition. Flsh-
B B&8 w^k lllR Ta ckle, Sporting. Out-
I IB B fal ».¦ ing Goods. Largest Stock.
B ra I S Iflfl Iiowpst rrioes. Send for
B Hi BIWB H Catalogue and Job Sheet.
%& W I « %# Stilt -.VE £ BARBER 00.,
739 Market, 511 Kearny.
\M. T. HESS,
NOTAKY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. .
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
". ¦ Telephone. Main 983. .
; . Residence. ¦- 821 California St.. . below Powell. .
;.¦;-' •. ¦" Residence Telephone James 1501.
' . ABVEBTISEMENTS.
::*A|fc-Scolic and
'a. ,%lbstomach pains
«.«t« Tmnw ntmrtTn wflm. 1 Stomach pains come with a
STOMACH PAINS FKOM .EATING V~j TUn and a jump _ aI i of a sud .
FRUIT. £ den they light and then you
H are all curled up in a lump.
It Is Advisable to Have a Quickly! Suffering like— well, like no
¦ one likes to suffer.
Curing Remedy at Hand. j Now' don't be foolish— don*t
„,. , , . it _ ,• ' t_ ¦ let your prejudice against a
Who has not had the colic— why. I patent medicine keep yQXZ
nearly everybody has at some time or H from getting rid of your pain
other, especially at this time of the year, I 1 at once. Go or send to the
dunns ,h C fruit season. / I . ffigSSirt'lStato
But because it is a popular complaint I mover— take a tablespoonful
is no reason any one wants it. In fact, B in a glass of water or milk and
the first thing you ought to do is to get I in two seconds the pain will be
•a c •* a *u a- • tu t. mi I Sone and you can straighten
rid of it, and the medicine that will a out>
help you get rid of it ' is Halpruner's I So'me people may sneer at
Wonderful Pain Remover. It is a splen- 1 * hi 3; bu . fc that doesn't interfere .
,. , ,. . , ,. , , , , B in the least bit with the cura-
did medicine for colic, cholera, cholera g powcrg of Dr ; Ha lprun-
morbus, pleurisy, indigestion, dyspep- I ei^s Pain Remover— the fact
sia, dysentery and diarrhea. In fact, it I Temains that it is a remarkably
is the only medicine made that will cure I q" iclc and effective remedy for
these complaints immediately and per- I a11 c0 W mt ,f. a ". d dist f rb "
,—s ¦-...- -Ja .-•••". ;. . R ances of the digestive system,
manently without injuring the system. H v
Some people may doubt this, but it I Jri7\ lv\t*l IKIC^T*^
does not alter the facts one bit. If you I 4 IV11|-JI UllVl«?
have such complaints, don't let any one m you can get Dr. Halpruner's
talk you out of buying Dr. Halpruner's I Medicine at all druggists for 50c
... J . . . t, . - t» tv • j- I and $1 a bottle, or send direct
Wonderful Pain Remover. It is a medi- | to Halpruner Medical Manu-
cine that will immediately relieve you I facturins Co., 28 California st..
, mi i • i. i -r * i B San Francisco, Cal.
and you will make a mistake if you take H
anything else. All druggists sell it — K
price 50 cents and $1 a bottle.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
Large hardwood rocker,
fcariEg bread, trood teat— 55 "2. SO
G»«t an estimate from us on every-
thing required to furnish your entire
establishment. Credit and free de-
livery within ICO miles.
; We close at 6 except on Saturdays
T. BrifSiant
FURNITURE CO,,
338-342 POST STREET,
- Opposite "Union Square.
riflPJH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto perry.
Commencing April 28, 190L ' '
FKOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN' KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 8:30 »i:Z0 11 a. in..
12:<5. '1:4s, 3:15, 4:13. 5:15. m i:la. 6M5 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
liafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
er.d Sundays at S:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, •S.OO, *10;00 11:00 11:30
«. m.. 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. *3:45. 6:00, 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San ltaCael
Kundaj"s. - —
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
mOM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 'i.^S, 6:27, 7:47. 8:85. 10:15
ft. m.. »12:25. 1:15. 2:3), »3:85 4:43, 6:30 p. m.
35XTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
snd Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p m.
SUNDAYS-* :1S. '8:00. 9:45, »ll:00 a. m. »12
i.-... 1:00. 2:15. •3:30. 4:30, '5:45, 6:45, 7:30. 10:10
i-. m.
Train* marked (•) Mart from Ran Quentln
FKOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:43, 7:55, 8:55 10-30
ft. m.. 12:25. 1:45. 2:45, 3:50, 5:10 6:20 p m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
t-n<\ Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:23 p m . •
SUICD AYS— 6:25. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a'm 1215
1:30. 2:30, 3:4S. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p ni.
THROUGH TRAINS.
C:55 *. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . j
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
£-00 a, m. Sunflays-Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions.
V NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
** modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
TO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to Jl £0 day;
» to }S week; $8 to J20 month. Free baths; hot
tad cold water every room; flre grates in every
•oom; elevator runs all night.LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Eleven.
• Business was quiet on the morning session of
th« Bond Exchange, with sales of Oceanic at
STOCK MARKET.
' Contra Costa, Water Company has declared
dividend 193 of 42 cents a share.
5£I£, IN £7~^ re cIeaned U P and nominal.
NUTS— \\ alnuts. • No. -1. softshell. •- 12f8\VAc-
No. 2. 8<fi!8>,4c: No.-l hardshell. 10(S10'4c- No 2.'
6'i@7>ic; Almonds. 13«?14c. for pap*rsh«U io©
lie . for sof tshell and : 5S6c for. hardsJitll • ¦ Peat
The demand, for fruits, while stllf good. Is
not as active, as it -was a. week or ten days
agt>. as the first rush to * buy Apricots and
Peaches Is over. : The Prune market has not
fully opened yet,- though free sales are being
made -right along. There is a fair demand -for
Nuts. The call for Honey Is fair, but not
eager, and prices are unchanged - .
i^ R V ITS r A 5 rlc ?^- 8 ® 10c for Royals and 8@
14%c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples,, .7K®8'/4c; sun ' dried 4©4Uc-
Peaches. 6«?Sc;. Pears. 0H©9c; Plums pitied 4
esfccrunpltted. 1@2c; Nectarines. eWsHc for
"pRT n 4l^!ll?J Or whIte: F! *fs. 3«4c f of black.
PRUNES— Old. crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3%c for the four sizes
New crop arc quoted on the basis of 3Vi@3Uc
for the . four sizes V *-.'¦• . - 7 * Wt> « u
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Flour, qr ska 56.51!>lHay, tons 1,323
Wheat, ct!a 26.1S8 Straw, tons 25
Barley. ctU 1S6.363 Flaxseed. tons.... 17
Oats, ctls 4.2SO Potatoes, ska .... 13.34:
Corn, ctls 60 Lime, bbls 723
Rye. ctls 560 Wool, bales S27
Sugar, ctls 7.187 Chicory, -bbls «¦>
Tallow, ctla 47S Wir-». gals 54.7CO
Beans, sks .' 929 hufiir, rolls ... 210
Onions, sks ..... 5.009! tjaicksm' ' t. flska 217
Feed.- ska 527jPelts. bd-« ~ »53
Bran, aks "3.642 Hides. No.. ....... 1337
Middlings, sks .. 1.539!
WASHINGTON.^ V
Flour, or sks 8.636J
FOR 72 HOURS.
Receipts of Produce.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, - $1 C0U.? •¦-;? '. . ; -. ¦ . . ¦ ..
Second Session — No sales.'
•Regular Morning Sesslon^-No sales. .\v -.
- Afternoon Session— No , sales. * • ¦
; BARLEY— The market runs along, the same
day after day. The market In 'this, city Is life
less, _ but ". ships ; are being ;',• put on everjr " few
days, ' showing • a . steady demand in . the coun
try, for shipping descriptions. : -'.•- ""
'Feed. 73»i(S75c; for choice bright. ,,72'jsc for. No."
CALL BOARD ' SALES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue largely nomi
nal on the spot at 37s 6d@3Ss 9d. usual options.
The chartered wheat fleet In port has a regis
tered ' tonnage of 93,235, against 44,780 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged, 8525 tons,
against 11,674; on the way to this port, 131,700
tons, against 161,650. . '
¦ WHEAT— Liverpool futures were weaker.
The other foreign markets stood - about the
same. There was a decrease on passage to the
United Kingdom of 2,536,000 bushels. The Mark
Lane Miller reports, foreign-, wheat- difficult of
sale. 'The world's shipments for: the week
were as follows.-- in. quarters: Russian; 108.000-
Danubiari. 41,000; Argentine, 22,000; Indian, 18,
000; Australian, 17.000. The American visible
supply increased 1.773,000 bushels.
I Chicago . was 'dull and " easy, ' with large de
liveries on September contracts, . and a . heavier
Southwestern - The crowd was bear
ish.' Elevator* people were selling. ¦ The Wash
ington crop • was ; reported at 25,00O,0C0 bushels
exceeding all records. The Oregon and Idaho
crops were placed at 10, QOO.000 bushels. •
This market ¦ was • dull and unchanged. ;
: Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96»4c; - milling, $l@
1 02V4 ; . per-ctl. *
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....... — $4 S5»4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87^i
Sterling Cables .^ K -— 4-88%
New York Exchange, sight... T7. — "" 10..
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - ' 12V5
Silver, per ounce — ,: 68%
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 47 @ 47^4
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, Sept. ! 3.— Porter Bros. - Company
sales of California, fruit: *
Car from Las Palmas: Grapes— Malaga,. $1 30
@1 55," average $1 60, single crates; do clusters,
?1 40® 2 30, average $1 75. Gross sale $1450.
• Car from Newcastle: Pears— Bartletts, $1 75®
2 65, average. - $2 35, boxes. > Peaches— Orange
Clings, • 60@75c, average . 63c, boxes; George's
Late, average 50c,; boxes; Freestone, 25@30c,
average 27c, boxes;! Salway, average 67c; Yel
low, average 25c. boxes ; Late Crawford, . aver
age 70c, boxes; White Free, 20@25c, average 21c,
boxes: Nixon Free, average 50c, boxes. Grapes-
Muscats, $1 10@l 15, average $1 11, .single crates;
Tokays, $1 95@2 75, average $2 02, single crates.
Prunes— French, 45@60c,' average . -47c, single
crates; Hungarian, average $1 40, single crates;
Gros, average $1 45, single ctates. Gross sale
?910. • ¦ • . - • - ' ¦•"
, Car from Vacavllle: Pears— Bartletts, $2 70@
2 95, average $2 85; half boxes, average $1 20.
Peaches— Salways; average 65c, boxes. Grapes-
Tokay, $1 20@2 25, average , $1 69, . single j crates.
Gross sale $1365. ~ ' ¦ : ." •'
Car irom San Jose: Pears — Bartletts, $2@
2 30, average $2 20, single boxes. Prunes—Bulga
rian, 25@35c, average 28c, single crates; Italian,
70® 75c, average 71c, single crates; Silver, 80®
85c, . average . 81c, - single crates; German,- aver
age $1, single crates; Gros, average $1 60, single
crates. Plums— Yellow Egg, average 90c, single
crates. Green Gage— Average 65c, single crates.
Gross sale $960. .'.;>:' . :. • '¦'¦¦¦
Car from San Jose: Pears— Beurre 'Hardy,
$2 46<g2 55 boxes; Howell, average $2 70 boxes:
Bartletts $2 05@2 45,- average $2 27. Peaches-
Seller 45@50c, average ' 4Sc boxes; Newhall ; 30
©60c, average > 57c boxes. ¦ Prunes— Groa $1 20@
1 (io, average . $1 54 single . crates; •¦ Silver, aver
age 5oc single crates; German, average $1 sin
gle crates;' Italian, average 50c single crates;
Bulgarian, average. 30c single crates. Plums—
Quackenboss,' average $1 OiL single- crates; Im
perial, average 55c single "rates; Ogon, aver
age 6Hc single crates; Green Gage 50@53c, aver
age j>4c single -crates. Gross -sale. -$810.
Car: from San Jose:' Pears — Beurre Hardy
J2@2 13, average $2 08 boxes; Howell, average
$2 40 boxes.'. "Gross sale, $1045. '-¦•¦¦• v
• Car from Vacaville: • Pears— Bartletts $2 40(5
2 95, average $2 65 '¦ boxes. , Grapes — Tokays $1 40
@1 SO, : average $1 42 single' crates. " : Gross sale,
$1320.. -•'..-.-..--• -., .¦ -. ¦ ..••"
Car from San Joser J Pears— Beurre Hardy
$2<£2 05, . average ; $2 01 boxes; Duchesne $1 45@
1 50, average ." $1 46 boxes; Onondago, - average
$1 SO. boxes. ._ Prunes — Gros $1 ZJ<al:i>5, . average
$1 38 single crates; German ,65c(g$l 15. average
98c single crates; Italian,' .average 75c single
crates; Silver. 63@75c, average 74c single crates;
Hungarian, average $1 45 single crates." Plums
— Yellow jEgg, average 85c single crates ;¦ Green
Gage, average 65c single - crates. ? Gross sale "
J943. ¦- "-. ' : ¦ -.-' ¦ ., . - .. .'¦ ¦': ¦ -/
r Car from Florin: Peaches— White Free, aver-
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept 3.— Consols, 93 15-16; silver,
27d; French rentes 102f 10c; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 29s; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss 6d; Eng
lish country markets, quiet; import into United
Kingdom, wheat, 367,000; Import into United
Kingdom, flour, 299,000? wheat . and flour, on
passage to United Kingdom. 2.610,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 2,170,000.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 3.— Wheat.- steady; No. 1
standard California, 5s. ll^id@6s; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 29-32d.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 5Oc®$2 50- Lem
ons. $1@1 25 for common and $2 50@3 30 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit, SOcfiJSl 50;-, Mexican
Limes, $3 50<R>4: Bananas. . 53c@$l 50 per bunch-
Pineapples. $1 50@3 per dozen. '
¦GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater 33
(fToOc per box and crate; Tokay. 33<fi63c per box-
Muscat. 35<S65c: Seedless, 75c@$l 10; Black 35<ffi
60c; Isabella. \90c@$l 25; Wine Grapes $23 Dei
ton for Zlnf andel. _ ..*'•?-» P"
MELONS— Nutmegs, 20@5Oc per box'- Canta
loupes. 40@75c per crate; Watermelons $5©->a
per 100. : ...... .. . . : ' * w
The Orange market has broken badly. A car
of Valencias was sold at auction and brought
lower prices, as follows: Fancy, ' $1 25@1 75;
choice, 95c@$l 35; standard. 45@80c. In the
• open market quotations dropped $1 per box.
This is not the time of. year for Oranges, and
there Is very.' little call for them. Lemons are
unchanged, and Limes keep up, in spite of re
ceipts of 770 boxes, as the hot weather. is In
their favor.
Grapes are- weaker and . very slow of sale
and arrivals are accumulating.
There is nothing • especially new in Apples
Pears, Peaches and Plums, prices for all kinds
being steady. . .
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are In lighter-sup
ply and firmer, as the hot weather helps them.
The demand for Watermelons Is aleo better
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES — 60@75c per box." according to
package.-
PLUMS— 25®50c per box; Prunes." 33®75c per
crate; Washington . Gages, $20 per ton; Egg
Plums, $20 per ton. \ - ¦
« PEACHES — 23®60c per box and $15@25 per ton
for frees and $30©40 for Clings; Peaches In car
riers, 40@80c, according to size of carrier*
Mountain Peaches. 50@75c per box *
NECTARINES— White per' box- Red
40c@$l. ......
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No 1
50@90c for .No. 2 and , $30<g40 per ton; other
Pears, 25@50c per box.
QUINCES— 50@65c per box.
\ STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and J3 5C@5 for large ' berries
BLACKBERRIES— $S@5 per chest
LOGAN BERRIES— Per chest, $3®6 -
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest. "
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per lb
FIGS— Black, 50c@$l for double 'layer boxes-
White, • 25@75c. ¦ . . •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . *^ Sept * Dec-
Opening.. .....T^ 5 6% 6 |«
Closing 5 6% 5 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— ' Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 21 20 22 80
Closing '¦¦ 21 35 22 85
Flour — ... -
Opening 27 15 28 S5
Closing • ...27 30 2S 90 *
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, August 31, ! as • compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
. . Increase
Grain— ¦' -¦' - Bushels.- Bushels.
Wheat ..27.290,790- 1,783,000
Corn .' 12,676,000 471.000
Oats... ? 6,901,000 . 817.000
Rye 1,408,000 271,000
Barley :. 544,000 227,000
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Sept. J.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
55c; Valley, 56c; Bluestem, 56%c.
TACOMA. Sept. 3.— Wheat— }£c lower; Blue
stem, 56c ; Club, 55c. . .
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST/
Stock- Sales High Low Clo 8 e
Atchlson 13,015 80 77% 77/4
Atchison pfd.. 7.100 97% ¦' 97U 97*!
Baltimore &, Ohio.../... 1,100 104% 103U • 103
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 1.CO0' 94V4 94U 94
Canadian Pacific 2.200 113% 112V4 'il'K
Cauada Southern 200- 69^ 69 69V4
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,300 47»4 46% 4s£
Chicago «fc Alton 900 40% • '39T4 33V-
NEW" YORK, Sept. 3.— The reason for the
sudden reversal of speculative opinion in to-day's
stock market, so far as events of the day threw
any light upon it, was rather obscure. The bear
party, which was obviously intimidated on last
Friday by the good support offered to stocks
by inside Interests and disappointed at the
failure of the money market to stiffen on the
eve of the triple holiday, were apparently will
ing to take chances on the short side that they
were afraid to venture upon for the interval
during which no market would be available for
them to close contracts in. Their renewed
vigor In selling stocks thus represented a re
newal of the bear campaign based upon the
closer tendency of the money market which was
interrupted by the holiday. The actual condi
tion in the money market- conformed pretty
closely to what was expected on Friday, and
which the Saturday bank 'statement served to
confirm by anticipation,, but the sterling ex
change market promptly responded to the closer
condition in the local money market in a way
to indicate the operation of rorces at work for
the relief of the market by drawing gold from
abroad. In tidditlon there was the " announce
ment of {750,000 in Australian ' gold at San
Francisco, available for telegraphic transfer to
New York and the expected receipt later in the
month of $1,230,000 to the same destination. In
the prevailing sentiment of Friday the mark
ing up of the money rate which occurred to-day
would have been Ignored, if offset by these
counter-effects. The, ruling rate for call loans
to-day was 3V4 per cent. None were made below
3 per cent and the rate ran up at one time to 4
per cent. Money was reported In abundant
supply in London and the downward course of
interest there was not affected by the drop in
New York exchange. In fact, conditions were
more cheerful in London this morning and the
prospect of being called on for gold by New
York Is viewed with - equanimity. London's
higher range for • Americans had the effect of
opening this market . higher, but the opening
prices proved to be the highest. The action' of
the foreign exchanges has been so anomalous
of late that some distrust is felt of the present
weakness as Index of - coming gold imports
Large loans are known to be making of foreign
capital here, which involve the selling of long
exchange, to be covered by purchase of sight
exchange when the loans mature. Jt is known
that arrangements have also been making in
the Paris exchange market for meeting future
requirements for the purchase of American
wheat. The recent heavy export movement of
wheat from here is to some extent artificial
being stimulated by demoralization of ocean
freight rates, caused by Jhe extremely scanty
demand for room to export merchandise. These
factors all have a bearing upon the future of
the foreign exchange market, promising some
support at the period when exchange is gener
ally the weakest. When traders perceived large
felling to-day by brokers generally acting for
interests which have consistently supported the
marktt through all recent signs of weakness
the selling pressure became . acute, causing de
clines of 1 to 3 points among the principal act
ive stocks. ¦ the Grangers and. Pacifies leadintr
Denver and Rio Grande showed extraordinary
strength and after reacting with the market
made net gains of .5 points for the common and
3% for the preferred. Railroad bonds weakened
Total sales, par value. . $2,026,000. , - •
United States bonds Were unchanged on the
last call.
New York Stock Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 3.— Clearings. $637,803;
balances, $79,607.
EASTERN MARKETS.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— Rain Saturday' and
ficedcy zrrz.tiy benefited pastures, eardenE and
LOS ANGELKS. SUMMARY.— Conditions fa
¦vor<><! beans: harvest commenced en c-arly va
rieties: lima* Improved. Walnuts doing well.
Peaches nrarly cathercd. Light prune crop
belts; drifi. Citrus fruits in good condition;
Hrht croj). >4 !^ s { | wVW*
Clear, warm days and cool nichts have pre
vailed during the week. Rain in the mountain
districts has materially improved the water
supply. Walnuts in some sections have been
elfchtly damaged by heat. -but a good crop is
expected. Potatoes are" yielding better than
estimated. Navy beans will. yield more than
an average orcp in some places.' Sugar beets
are in (rood condition and will yield a fair
crop. Grape picking is progressing; the yield
Is pood. There will be a heavy crop of oranges
In Enrr:e rectlons. Grain thrashins- Is nearly
comn!cte<'.; the yield is light, but the grain
is mostly «f coo<J- quality:
Clear, pleasant days and cool nights have
prevailed during the past week. The grain
harvest is 'practically completed In all sections
and most of the crop is stored In the ware.
houses. The yield and quality are good. De
ciduous fruit.-, continue coming to canneries and
dryers in larce quantities. Fruit shipments to
Eastern markets continue cood. . Almond har
vest Is well along and the- crop Is very light
Sweet potatoes are being harvested and the
crop will b« cood. Orapes are maklnc good
progress sn«i picking; has commenced In many
localities, f tock is in good condition. Farmers
arc ijrei/arin»r for fall plow-ins.
- SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
Conditions have been favorable for late
reaches and grapes, but somewhat cool for fruit
drying. Light Fhowers have fallen in some sec
tions end a thunderstorm occurred on August
S3 in the vicinity of Sacramento. Tokay grapes
ere bcins marketed in large quantities; they
ere of good quality, but lack the proper color
ing. The crape crop ig reported light in some
6ections and nearly average In ethers. Oranges
continue in frocd condition and nearly an aver
age crop Is exi>ected. Almond picking is pro-
Kresclng. Sugar beets and ¦ hops are yielding
good crops. Corn and vegetables are in good
condition. Grain thrashing continues.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.^
The weather has been too cool for rapid fruit
drying, but favorable for hops, corn and po
tatoes. Grain thrashing Is progresrfig rapidly
in the central and southern counties, where
Tieavy crops have been harvested; In some of
the northern counties the . yield of wheat and
barley is light and thrashing is completed.
Shipments cf grain and ether produce continue
light, cwinr: to labor troubles. In San Benito
County there are still large quantities of un
thrashed grain and unbaled hay not under
cover, and work is being rushed as rapidly as
pcsElbls. Hops and sugar beets are doing well.
Hop picking is progressing in some sections
There will fce a heavy crop of beans In Sail
Luis Oblppo County. Late peaches are ripen
iEsr. Grapes are In good condition. Citrus
fruits continue thrifty.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
Tokay grapes hav e not colored as well as in
eome other seasons, but the fruit is reported
excellent in quality and the yield very good.
V.'Jne ar.il raisin grapes are in good condition
e.nd making favorable progress; the yield in
tome sections will be nearly average. Late
deciduous fruits are ripening rapidly. Citrus
fruits and walnuts continue thrifty.
Grain harvest is completed except in a few
Bcattercd localities and thrashing is progress-
Ing as rapicly as possible. Shipments of grain,
hay and other produce are still very light,
owing to the labor troubles. There Is some
danger that the immense crops of hay and
grain in San Benito County and other places
may be damaged should early rains occur, as
It is impossible to secure thrashers and balers
to handle the crops. Sugar beets, hops and
beans are being harvested and the crops are
turning pot very well. Corn and vegetables
are tu good condition. A heavy crop of sweet
potatoes is being gathered in the San Joaquin
Valley. Rain in the mountains of Southern
California has materially improved the water
tupply.
The temperature has continued below normal
In all iiarts of the State during the week and
the weather has been generally clear and
pleasant, with fogs along the coast nights and
mornings. Light sprinkles of rain have fal
len In some sections and a thunderstorm oc
curred in the Sacramento Valley August 23.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop section of the
weather bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
Tho Pomona "came In wjth fresh supplies
from the north, which, added to an already
freely stocked Butter market, have increased
the weakness In this product. Prices are- no
lower, however, though sellers will give buyers
concessions rather than lose a sale.
Cheese remains steady.
Egg's rule firm with moderate stocks, though
there Is no scarcity and prices stand about the
same.
Receipts were 54,100 -pounds of Butter, 102S
cases of Eggs, -cases of Eastern Eggs 15 -
200 pounds of California Cheese and po'unds
of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 26@27c per lb for fancy
and 25c for seconds; dairy, 18@24c: store But
ter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18@20c;
Pickled Roll, 17@19c; Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New, lie; old, nominal; Young
America, ll%c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
¦EGGS — Ranch, 25@2S%c for good to fancy;
store, 17%@23c per dozen; Eastern, 16@21c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet. Creameries. 14@19%c; Dairy,
13©17c. Cheese, 9%@10%c. Eggs, firmer; fresh,
18@19%e>
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels | 63,000 41.000
Wheat bushels 4S2.0OO 949,000
Corn, bushels 1,110.000 810.000
Oats, bushels 702,000 472,000
Rye, bushels 43.000
Barley bushels 10,000 6.000
Territory, scoured basis— Montana, fine, 14@
16c; scoured. 44@4Cc; fine medium, 14@16c;
Bcoured. 42@43c; staple, 16@17c ; scoured, 46®
48c. Utah. Wyoming and Idaho— Fine, 13%@
15c ; scoured. 44@45c; fine medium, 13@14c;
scoured, 40@43c; staple. 16@17c; scoured. 46@17c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices— Combing
superfine, 74«?75c; super, 71@72c; good, 6S@70c;
average, 65©67c.
BOSTON. Sept. 3. — The wool market here
shows a quiet tone this weekjso far. as the
taking of Targe lines is concerned, but the
smaller operators are in evidence and have
picked up considerable wool. There is yet a
continued absence of speculative feeling. Ter
ritory wools continue to ] lead in the business
transactions, strictly fine wools continue at
about 44643c. with fine medium at 40@-13c, and
strictly staple at 46@4Sc. The movement In
fleece wools continues quiet, with . prices un
changed. Australian wools are quiet, with
small general offerings available. Quotations:
Boston Wool Market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 20c-
Geese, per pair, $150@175: Goslings, $1 50@l 75;
Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and $3 50@5 for young;
Hens, $3@5 50; young Roosters, $5@5 50; old
Roosters, $3 50@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers.
J3@3 50 for large and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons,
51 25@1 75 per dozen for old and Jl 25@I 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, 75c@$l; Hare 50®
75c; Rabbits, $1@1 25 for Cottontail and $1 for
Brush.
. Game is spoiling after reaching the market,
owing to' the hot weather, hence the market Is
not in good condition.
The market is fairly steady and good stock is
meeting with a. satisfactory demand,
beim moderate.
Poiiltry and Game.
Flour, steady; No. 3" .spring wheat, 67@68%c;
No. 2 red. 70%@71c; No. 2 corn, 55%c; No. 2
yellow. 55%c; No. 2 oats, 34@36c; No. 2 white,
36%@37%c; .No. 3 white, S6@36%c; No. 2 rye,
54%(g > 55%c; fair to choice malting barley. 56@
62c; No 1 flax seed, $1 41; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 43; prime timothy seed, $5 S5@3 40; mess pork,
per barrel, $14 35@14 40; lard, per 100 pounds,
$8 95@8 97%; short ribs sides (loose). $8 30@8 50;
dry salted shoulders' (boxed), 7%<3>7%c; short
clear sides (boxed), $8 90@9; clover, contract
grade, $9 50@9 75. • ¦ ¦.-' ¦: : ¦. ¦ .
Cash quotations'" were as follows
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— Tin in local metal cir
cles was unsettled and rather easy to-day un
dep liquidation following unsatisfactory advices
from - abroad. Trading, however, was slow
throughout, with the final tone easy-at $25 62%
@25 70. The close at London was weak at a
decline of £2 oh spot to £116 and futures lost
£2 10s, closing at £112 5s. Copper was nom
inally unchanged here at $16 50@17 for Lake
Superior and J16 37%@16 62% for casting and
electrolytic, while that metal in London was 5s
lower at £66 7s 6d for spot and futures closed
at £66 15s. Lead was quiet here at J4 37%, and
in London spot was quoted at £11 16s 3d. Spel
ter ruled featureless- at -J4 and unchanged in
London at £17. Domestic Iron markets were
very quiet and nominally unchanged. Plgiron
warrants were very quiet and nominally un
changed at J9&10; No. 1 foundry. Northern, J15
©15 30; No. 2 foundry. Southern, J14®14 50; No.
1 foundry, Southern, $14 73@15 25; do soft, $14 75
@15 25. •
Glasgow warrants closed at 53s 7d and Mid
dlesboro at 443 2%d.
Nezu York Metal Market.
late fruits. Apples much improved; 90 per cent
of full crop estimated in principal fruit sec
tions. • ¦
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 3—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures- were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 60; Mount Tamalpais. 80; Independ
ence. 78; Red Bluff, 92; Fresno. 90; Los Ange
les, 80; Sacramento, 90; San Luis Oblspo, 84;
San Diego, 68.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
7S; minimum, 54; mean, 66.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern cities:
Boston. 72-64; Cincinnati 76-62; Jacksonville.
9(1-70; Kansas City. 84-60; Philadelphia. 78-64;
Washington, 78-64; New York. 70-66.
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Rocky Mountain region and fair over the Pa
cific Slope. Light rain has fallen at Pocatello
and Salt Lake City.
The pressure has fallen over the northern por
tion of the Pacific Slope and risen over the
southern. An area of high pressure is central
off the Washington coast, while the lowest
pressure is reported from Arizona.
The temperature has risen generally over
the Pacific Slope. In. the great valleys- of Cal
ifornia it approximates 90 degrees.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnisht. September 4, 1951.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; wann
er; light west wind. ! ', .
Nevada— Fair; warmer Wednesday; light
southwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
probably fog In the afternoon; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official, Temporarily in Charge.
LUMBER— Retail "prices are as follows; Pine,
ordinary sizes. $1S@19; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood, $18@19; Lath. 4 feet, $3 90@4: Pickets, $20;
Shingles, $2 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic
J23@29.
SALT— The market is very »tiff, with light
supplies. Quotations for Liverpool are nominal.
as there Is practically none on the market at
the moment- H. R. H.. $23 25 per ton In large*
sacks an*. $24 In 50' s. Liverpool, $19 25® 20 for
the best ¥nd $16@13 50 for lower erades. Hlg
gins*. $27 50@3O per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50©47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $40@45 for export. • - ¦ "¦
. SUGAR- The Western Sugar Reflnins Cohk
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and • Fine Crushed. 5.2Cc;
Powdered. 5.03c; Candy Granulated, 5.05c: Dry
Granulated, 4.95c; Confectioners' A. 4.95c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.95c: Beet Granulated. 4.85c; Mag
nolia A, 4.53c; Extra C. 4.45c; Golden C. 4.35cr
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 23c more: boxes,
60c more: 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lnrw. half-barrels. 5.45c: boxes. 5.70c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb, 5c;
cases, regular. 5%c; cases, extra large. 5%c;
cases. Eastern style. 6%c; Boneless, 6%c; "Nor
way." 6%c; "Narrow Gauge." 7c; "Silver
King," 7%c; Blocks, "Seabright," 7%c; Tab
lets, 8c; Middles, "Golden State." 7%c; Mid
dles, "White Seal," 8c: 5-lb boxes Fancy Bone
less, 9c; 2-lb boxes Fancy Boneless. 7%@Sc;
Desiccated per dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod. bar
rels, each, $7 50; Pickled Cod, half -barrels,
each, $4 50.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13@13%e for strictly
prime to fancy washed: ll@12o for prlm«
washed; i0@10%c for good washed: 10%@l2c for
good to prima washed peaberry; 9@10c for fair
to prime peaberry: 9®10c for good to prime;
7%@8c for fair; 5%@6%c for common to ordi
nary. Salvador— ll%@12%c for strictly prime
washed; 8%@llc for good to prime washed; 7',i
®8%c for fair washed; 10@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 7%@3%c for good to
prime semi-washed; 7%@Sc for superior un
washed; 7%@7%c for good green unwashed; 8%
@9c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
5%@6%c far common to ordinary. Nicaragua—
11® 13c for prime to fancy washed; 8@10%c for
fair to strictly good washed: 7@7%c for good to
superior unwashed; 8%@8%c for good to prims
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican —
ll@14c for prime to fancy washed : 9%@10%c for V
strictly good washed; 9@9%c for good washed;
7%@8%c for fair washed; 6%@7%c for medium;
5@6%c for inferior to ' ordinary; 10<5Jll%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; S%«9c, for
, good to prime unwashed peaberry; 7%@7%c for \
good to superior unwashed. ' ,
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 28@32c per lb; Sola
Leather, medium. 26@30c: Sole Leather, light.
25@2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc: Rough
Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
38@39c for No. 1 and 30@33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather' Tnedium. 30@37c; Harness Leather,
light, 29®35c: Skirting. 36@40c: Collar Leather.
15@16c per foot: Kip. unfinished. 40030c per
lb; Veal, finished. 16@17c per foot: Belt Knlfa
Splits 14@16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $26® 28 per ton; Stick.
$1S®2O per cord. _2 Y\,
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. j.
70c- pure, $122; Linseed OH. In barrels, boiled.
64c; raw. 62c : cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c: China
Nut. 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels 67%c; cases. 72%c; Sperm, pure. «5c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 40® 45c per gallon;
Fish Oil. in barrels. 37%c: cases. 42%c.
COAL OIL-Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c- Pearl Oil, In cases, 19c; Astral. 19c; Star,
19c- Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, loc: in cases.
21c: Benzine. In bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c; 86-de
gree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c: In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases ana
52c in drums or Iron barrels. , -,*
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. Vh!9
8c per lb; White Lead. 7%®8c. according to
quantity. .
CORDAGE— Prices have advanced %c. \ Th«
local cordage company quotes as follows :'Pur«
Manila, 13c per lb; Sisal size. 10c; Bale Rope.
9%c; Duplex, 9c. Terms, 60 days, or 1% per
cent cash discount. Lots of 10.000 lbs, lc less.
¦ COAL— Wellington, J3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, J9; Seattle, J7; Bryant. JS 50; Coos
Bay, J5 50; Wallsend, $9: Co-operative Walls
end. $9 ; Cumberland, $12 59 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
J17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, J3 43
per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand. • • • ¦¦ ! - n ...
CANNED FRUITS— The Canners" Associa
tion has withdrawn most of its •luotations.
and the outsiders sre practically sold, out,
hence the market is not active, though thera
is a large movement on old orders. The East
ern markets for fruits and vegetables are ac
tive, vith the end of the boom in the West
ern demand not yet in sight. The California
Fruit Canners quote as follows. In 2%-lb t!n«:
Apples. $1 15@1 55; Apricots, %\<U\ 50; Cherries,
black, $1 506.2; do, white, $1 50@2; do, Royal
Anne, Jl G0<g2 15; Peaches, yellow. Jl 20@l 65;
do. Lemon Cline. Jl 30<31 75; Bartlett Pears.
Jl 25@1 75; Plums. 90c®Jl 25: Nectarines. J1J9
1 50; Muscat Grapes. 95c@?l 35; Quinces. $1 WO)
1 55; Strawberries, 51 30@l 75; Raspberries. $1 53
@2: Blackberries, $1 30@l 60.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, 7%®
7%c; local make, %c less than Calcutta* ; Wool
Bags, 32035c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c: Fruit
Bags, 5%@8%c for cotton and 7®7%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
""Filberts are reported stronger on the other
eide, stocks in Sicily having been considerably
reduced recently by exportatiens to the Con
tinent and this country. Present cost to lay
down goods in this market is about 9c, but
the £r>ot market is still ?%c, a prominent im
porter quoting that figure. No shipments of
new Sll»erts are essected before October."
'•Currants are firm at unchanged quotations
and are moving out steadily in small lots, and
dates are in some request. Other dried fruits
are dull. ¦ «
•'More interest is noted In the new' croD of
Valencia raisins. Layers, to arrive about Sep
tember 10 to 15. are selling quite freely at Sc
In 25 and ."n-box lots. Spot supplies are reduced
very low, goods selling at 6%c. Malaga raisins
are practically cleaned up here and new
goods will not be shipped probably before
the middle or latter part of September. Sul
tanas are firm and selling in a small way.
"Raisins are -firm and in fair demand from
the consuming trade. Loose Muscatels con
tinue scarce on the spot and only a few c&rs
are offered on the coast at 5c for 2-crown and
6c for 3-crown. Seeded continue in good re
quest at e%@7c for cartons, but It is not easy
to buy even at these quotations, some seeders
declining to sell to others than their regular
customers. Supplies of seeded bought on the
coast Eoffie time ago are not arriving and buy
ers in several cases cannot learn whether the
goods have been shipped or not. In the mean
time jobbers who have goods coming are forced
to buy right along to meet Immediate want*,
and with spot stocks very light and practically
no offerings on the coast the seeded situation
looks very strong. Some sales of seeded, it is
reported, have been made to mincemeat men.
California Sultanas are selling quite well at
7c for unbleached and at 8%^9%c for coast
bleachc-d. Eastern bleached are quoted at 7%@
7%c. Seedless Muscatels are unchanged at 6%c.
Both seedless and Sultanas are entirely cleaned
up on the coast.
Mail advices from New York say: "The spot
prune market is quiet, buying being entirely
of a hand-to-mouth character.
Dried Fruits in New York.
VEGETABLES— Green P^eas. 1%@3%c; String
Beans, 2@3c; Llmas, 2@3c; Cabbage. 60*?65c per
ctl; Tomatoes from the river, Z5@40c: from Ala
meda, 40@75c: Dried Peppers, 10<gl2%c; Green
Okra, 40@75c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Cucumbers, -'Bay, 25@35c; Pickles, l%«Sl%c per
lb for small and lc for large; Garlic, 2@3c;
Green Peppers. 3O@60c per box for Chile and 25
@40c for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@40c per box; Green
Corn, 35@75c per sack; Alameda. 75cgs$l per
crate; Berkeley, 6Q@75c; Summer Squash. large
boxes, 25@35c; new Marrowfat Squash, nominal.
POTATOES— Jl 25@1 35 in sacks and $1 35@1 50
in boxes for Burbanks, $1 15<@1 25 for Garnet
Chiles and $1 10@l 25 for Early Rose; Salinas
Burbanks, $1 40@l 60; Sweets, 50@75c for Rivers
and Jl for Merced. -
ONIONS— Yellow, Jl 10@l 30 per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 50@75c per ctl. ' -
The Vegetable market continues well sup
plied, but prices show little change from last
week. There are more river Tomatoes on hand.
and they are weak.
Receipts of Potatoes since Friday amount to
18,965 sacks, and prices have weakened off un
der this load. The market may steady again,
however, after the holiday, accumulation has
been worked off. Onions continue firm, though
the receipts since Friday foot up 5009 sacks.
Sweet Potatoes are weak and dull.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts In August were 18,973 tons barley,
hiZi tons oats. 73 tons corn and 1077 tons bran.
Wheat. Barley.
Port Costa. August 1 45.734 30,277
Port Costa, September 1....'. 68.50S 43,195
Stockton. August l.. f 24,163 7,882
Stockton, September 1 4L131 21,247
San Francisco. August 1 971 2,490
San Francisco, September 1 1.232 2,101
Oats. Corn. Bran.
August 1 3.2S1 342 15
September^ 4.109 171 48
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain In warehouse and on
wharf September 1 as follows. In tons:
Stocks of Grain.
LAMB— 7£3c. per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6%@
6%c: over 2C0 lbs. 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars. 50 per cent oft and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%@3%c.
Beef in unchanged. Mutton and Lamb . ara
In better supply and lower. There- Tamo change
In Veal. Packers report plenty of Hogs and
are advising shippers to hold back their stocic
for a few days. A disposition to lower bids
for future arrivals is noticeable.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c Der lb
for cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8c: small. 8(39c p»r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 3.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2300. Steady to 10c lower. Natives J3
@6; cows and heifers, Jl@4 75; bulls and stags.
J2@4 50; stockers and feeders, J2@-4; veals, J2 25
04 25. N _,
HOGS— Receipts, # 6281. -Market, 5c lower.
Light and light mixed, $S 10@6 32%; medium and
heavy, $6 20@6 50; pigs, J3 5O@6; bulk, JS 20
@6 40. ; - .
SHEEP— Receipts, 2740. Steady to 10c lower;
lambs, 10@15c lower.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.-CATTLE— Receipts." 6500.
including 1400 Texans and 1000 Westerns. Gen
erally steady to slow. Including Texans and
Westerns; choice "butchers' stock, steady; oth
ers, weak. Good to prime steers $5 40@6 30
poor to medium. $4 25@5 25; stockers and feed
ers, $2 25@4 25; cows and heifers $2 40@4 90
canners $1 60@2 50; bulls, J2 25@4 40; calves S3
f, 6 ™}. Texas steers, $3 25@5; Western steers,
$3 6o(gs 10.
oo H £ GS ~" Recelpts tc ~ da y. 22.000; to-morrow,
29,000; left over, 4000. 5@10c lower. Mixed and
butchers, J5 90@6 75; good to choice heavy, -J6 30
@6 80; rough heavy. J5 85@6 25; light, Jo 85@
6 70; bulk of sales, J6 10@6 40. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Weak; extra weth
ers, $4 25; lambs, shade lower;, top lambs $5
Good to choice wethers, $3 75@4; fair, to choice
mixed, J3 50@3 70; Western sheep, J3 25@3 95;
native lambs. J3@5; Western lambs, $4 15@4 85.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market
Large Whites of the new crop are now com
ing In freely and It Is now a case of "stand
from under." Prices have declined sharply
and everybody Is a seller. Blackeye are also
lower under arrivals of the new crop. The
other Beans, stand about the same, though the
market is quiet and easy all around,' owing
to the fine crop prospects throughout the State.
BEANS— Bayos, J2 90@3; Small White. J4 90®
5; Large White. $3 25@3 50; Pink, J2 33®2 45;
Red, J2 75@3; Blackeye, J3 2o@3 35; LImas, $6 40
@6 50; Red Kidney. J4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25© 2 50; Canary, 3%
@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%
@2%c: Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— Wheat was steady early
with corn, selling off later . In sympathy with
weakness in coarse grains."" News of the day
was generally favorable to holders, but the
trading was light. The fact that the amount
afloat is decreasing in the face of heavy world's
shipments was considered a bull argument, but
this was partially offset, however, by the in
crease In home stocks. : The visible supply
statement was also • a disappointment to hold
ers, s showing over one and three-quarters of a
million increase,- instead of decrease, as antici
pated. December opened at 71%<8>71%c. but de
clined with-corn, the low point being reached at
71c. The close was %c lower at 71@71%c.
There were fluctuations in corn of over a cent,
but the market was dull and lacked any special
Interest. ¦ Higher' cables caused a strong open
ing, but later on reports of improvement in the
condition of the crop there was selling and
prices declined. Trading was confined mostly
to locals. December closed %c lower at 56%@
56%c.
Oats opened steady, with prices a shade firmer
In sympathy with corn. Later prices had a
downward tendency along with other grains.
Aside from a little changing, floor traders did
the bulk of the business. December closed' %o
lower at 35c.
Provisions opened steady and prices were a
shade easier on lower prices for hogs, f The
market lacked any particular features. January
closed a shade lower, lard a shade lower and
ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged , as follows : i
Bran and Middlings are again quoted firm.
Receipts of Hay are not heavy at the moment,
and prices accordingly keep up, though the feel
ing is by no means firm. Corn products are
very high, in sympathy with the raw grain.
BRAN— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J23@26; Jobbing,
J26 50; Cocoamrt Cake. Jl"@18; Corn Meal. J33 50
@34; Cracked Corn, $34@34 50; Mixed Feed. J18 50
©19 50. . .
HAY— Wheat, $7@9 50; choice, $10@10 50; Wheat
and Oat^jea^; Oat, $6® 8 50; Barley and Oat,
J6@8; Alfalfa, $8 50®J10 50; Clover, J5 50®7; Vol
unteer, J4 50<g5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Wool continues in good shape, stock? being
well cleaned up. Additional descriptions are
dropped from the list, being all bought up
from first hands. Buyers are waiting for thf*
free falls, and when they come in a lively
market is expected, as tha inquiry for them
is easer.
There la nothing " new in Hops. They ar«
firmly held by growers at the Quotations, and
I the new crop will be on th» market shortly.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy salte-.i
Steers, I0%c; medium, 9%c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
6%c:» Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c: Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c:
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15©30c each: short
Wocl. S0@5Oc each; medium. 50@73c; Ions
Wool. 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, J2 50t«
2 75 for large and $2^2 25 for medium* $1 50®
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hide*.
dry, $1 75 for large, 31 23<S1 50 for medium, $1 23
for small and 5Cc for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium sklna.
30c: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; laree and smooth, 50c;
medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%(f?4c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine.
1 eft 15c: do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore
gon. Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good,
MfiUcr. Nevadar'10@12c. Hall— San Joaqutn. 6%
@S%c: San Joaquin Lambs'. "'/ilgOc. ¦
HOPS-^New, 12@15c\per lb.
Hide dealer3 are quoting a steady and fairly
active market, with an advance possible in
some descriptions before i lens.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks - are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5: Hominy, $4
@4 25; Euckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, J3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour.
J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). J6 85@8 35; In
sacks, J6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5;
Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 23®
3 50, usual • terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
©3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
¦ ¦¦'•' i x
Wheat and Wheat freights dull. ;
Barlex as before quoted. Oats and Com inactive.
Rye firmer, with some demand for shipment
Hay easy. Bran and Middlings firm. \ . ~
Beans weakening under nezu crop arrivals.
Potatoes lower under larger stocks. Onions keep up.
Vegetable market well supplied and quiet. ' . • •
Poultry steady. Game affected by hot weather, ;.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about the same. ; ] |
Oranges much lower. Lemons and Limes steady.
Melons in lighter supply and firmer. Grapes dull and weak.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Provisions in fair demand at steady prices.
Wool firm, with stocks still further reduced. ;
Hides firm, with better prices not improbable.
Hops firmly held by grozvers. •. . . '
Beef steady. Hogs weak. Mutton and iLamb lower.
Salt in light supply and firm.
Canned Fruits firmly held at unchanged prices.
Cordage advanced i-2c. . " ., ' ,
Light business on the local stock exchanges.
Silvcr and Exchange as before.
CWcajoUlton pfd.... 100 78% 78tf 7SH
Chic Ind & Louisville.. 4,000 40 3D% 39U
Che Ind & Louis pfd.. 200 72tf 72 72$
Chic & East Illinois „ .... 125
Chicago & Gt Western. 13,500 24 22% , 23
Chic & Gt Wes A pfd .... -..:. 53 u
Chic & Gt Wes B pfd.. 47*
Chicago & Northwest.. 100 200 200 193
Chic Rk Island & Pac. 1,400 143^4 142 141%
Chic Term & Trans 1,000 23 22- -21%
5. h £ Term & Trans P(<1 500 42% 41% 42
9. ? C J &^ St Louis.... \ 600 90% 89%'. 89%
Colorado Southern ....7 s 3,400 15% 15-15
Colo South 1st pfd 100 57% ¦ 67% • 56%
Colo South 2d pfd 1,800 27% 27 26%
Delaware & Hudson COO 169 166% 167^4
Del Lacka wanna & W. . 600 228 228 2'5 \
Denver & Rio Grande.. 1S.600 . 51% • 47%- -5IV2
Den & Rio Grande pfd 18,800 97% 95% 97%
Erie 57,300 44>4 42% 43
Erie 1st pfd ............ 7,100 72% 71 71%
Erie 2d pfd 3,700 69 57 • 57%
Great Northern pfd .200 186 185 185 ¦
Hocking Valley ....'..... .... 53%
Hocking Valley pfd , .... ....76
Illinois Central 1.30O 147V4 115 146
Iowa Central 200 39% . 39 . 38%
Iowa Central pfd 100 74 74 ~ 74%
Lake Erie & Western.. 100 65 65 "- 73 .
Lake Erie & West pfd.. • :i00 12« 126 '126
Louisville & Nashville.., 8,600 106% 104% 104%
Manhattan Elevated 2,000. 120 .', 118% ,118
Metropolitan Street Ry. ? 600 169 : 167% 168
Mexican Central 600 25% 25% 25
Mexican National 27, 900 13V4 12% 13
Minneapolis & St Louis 100 108 108 107%
Missouri Pacific 6,500 107% 105% 105%
Missouri Kan & Tex.. . l,70O,-29% 28% 29%
Misouri Kan & Tex pfd 400 66 65% 55%
New Jersey Central.... ..... f 162
New "York Central..... 1,800 154% 153% 153
Norfolk & Western...... 6,300 66% 55 65%
Norfolk & Western pfd 200 90 90 " 89%
Northern Pacific pfd... 100 98% 98% 98%
Ontario & Western 7,300 36% 35% 35%
P C C & St Louis 71
Pennsylvania 8,300 147% 145% -145%
Reading 9,600 -45 43% 44
Reading 1st pfd..... 3.300 77% 76% 76%
Reading 2d pfd 5.900 55% 55 -65
St Louis & San Fran.. 1,700 48% 47% 47%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 100 82 82 82
St Louis & S F 2d pfd 1,500 71% 70 70%
St Louis Southwestern 100 31% 31% 30
St Louis Southwest pfd 100 62% 62% 61
St Paul 22,800 168% 165% 165H
St Paul pfd 190
Southern Pacific 21,400 60% 58% 68%
Southern Railway 13.900 34 32% 33%
Southern Railway pfd. 3,100 88% 88% 88
Texas & Pacific 5,300 43% 44 44%
Toledo St Louis & West ..:; ..21
Tol St Louis & W pfd.. 200 3fiU 35% 33%
Union Pacific, ex div... 40,900 .102% 100% 100%
Union Pacific pfd ex div 100 90 90 88%
Wabash 2,400 23% 22% 22%
Wabash pfd 3,600 42% 41 41%
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 1,400 19% 19% 19
Wheeling & L E pfd .... 31
Wisconsin Central 200 23% 22% 22%
Wisconsin Central pfd 44
Express Companies —
Adams 175
American \ 192
United States 91
Wells Fargo 1C0
Miscellaneous— ' .
Amalgamated Copper... 27,400 120 117% 117%
Amer Car & Found 1,500 31 30% 30
Amer Car & Found pfd. «00 87% 86% 86%
Amer Linseed Oil 22
Amer Linseed Oil pfd... 100 61% 61% 59%
Amer Smelt & Ref 3,100 • 52U 50% 51 ,
Amer Smelt & Qef pfd. 600 100% -100 100
Amer Tobacco 100 139 139 138%
Anaconda Mining Co.... 1,200 47% 46% 46%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 300 75% 74- 75
Colo Fuel & Iron 5,800 100 98% 100
Consolidated Gas 700 225 223% 224%
Continental Tobacco 300 69% 69% 69
Continental Tobacco pfd . 117%
General Electric 100 267% 267% 264"
Glucose Sugar 400 57 57 56%
. Hocking Coal 100 20 '20 19
! International Paper 400 24% 24 23%
t International Paper pfd. 300 79% 79% 79%
International Power 500 96% 96% 96%
Laclede Gas 100 93 93 90
National Biscuit 100 44% 44% 44
I National Lead 400 21 20% 20
National Salt 100 42% 42% 42%
National Salt pfd .... 76
North American 500 100% 100% 101
Pacific Coast ; 67
Baclflc Mail 400 42% 41% 41%
People's Gas 2,200 113 111% 111%
Pressed Steel Car..'.. 100 42% 42%' 41
Pressed Steel Car pfd 82
Pullman Palace Car .... .... 20S
Republic Steel 500 19% 18% 18%
Republic Steel pfd 1.500 73% 72% 72U
Sugar 3.600 136% 133% 133%
j Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 2,200 63 64% 65%
| Union Bag & Paper Co. 100 17% 17% 17%
U S Leather 3.500 13% 13% 13%
U S Leather pfd 2,700 83% 81% 81%
U S Rubber 100 20% 20% 19Vi
U S Rubber pfd 5S
U S Steel. 30,400 45% 44% 44%
U S Steel pfd 14.900 95% 94% 94%
Western Union- 900 93% 93 93
Shares sold... 603,100
CLOSING BONDS. -
U S ref 2s reg, ex ' M K & T 4s gs%
interest 107% N Y Central lsts..lO5%
U S ref 2s c«Hip...lO7% N J Cent ten 6s.. 129%
U S 3s reg 1CS% N Pacific 3s 72
U S 3s coup........l0S% N Pacific 4s.. ..!"!l04%
U S new 4s reg.... 137 N Y C & S L 4s.. 107%
U S new 4s coup. .137 N & W con 4s 102%
L, S old 4s reg, ex Or Nav lsts.. 107
interest 112 Or Nav 4s 103
U S old 4s coup. .113 Of Short Line es..l2S%
U S as reg 107% Or S Line, con 5s.. 117%
US os coup.. 107% Reading Gen 4s.... 95%
Djst of Col 3.6£s...l24% R G W lsts. 100%
Atch son gen 4s.. .103% S L & I M con 5s.lic%
Atchison adj 4s.... 97% S L & S F gen 6s.l27%
Canada So 2ds, ex St Paul cons.... 184
interest 102% S P C & P Ists.."ll5%
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO5% S P C & P 5s 116%
Ches & Ohio 5s.... 120 So Pacific 4s 9S«i
C & NW con 7s.. ..137 So Railway 5s '117
C & NWSFdeb 5s.l23% Stand R & T 6s " 62%
Chgo Term 4s 95% Tex & Pac lsts.... 119
Colo Southern 4s... 88% Tex & Pac 2ds.. 96
D & R G 4s 102 Unton Pacific 4s. ..105%
Erie General 4s... S9'-S Wabash 3«ts ... us
F W & D C lsts.. 105% Wabash 2ds 110%
Gen Electric 5s.... 200 West Shore 4s.. 112%
Iowa Central lsts.. 116 Wis Cent lsts.....; S8%
L & N Uni 4s 101% Va Centuries .. 95%
M K & T 2ds 82% *
' . MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 13
Alice ..-. 40 Ontario 8 50
Breece 1 40 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con 08 Phoenix .....'.. " 08
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosi .. * " 03
Con Cal & Va......l 70 Savage "'.' 05
Dead wood Terra.... 60 Sierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 30
Iron Silver £3 Standard ...3 25
Leadville Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . Bonds-
Call loans 3@3% Atchison 4s 103
Time loans 4@5 N E G & Coke 5s 57
Stocks— Mining Shares—
A T & St Fe 78 Adventure 31%
Do prefd 97% Bingham Min Co.. 42
Bell Tel 165 Amal Copper H7«
Boston & Albany.25S Atlantic 40%
Boston L 176 Calumet & Hecla 730
Dominion Coal ... 43% Centennial ai%
Do prefd 115 Franklin 23%
Amer Sugar 133% Humboldt 50
U S Steel 44% Osceola ...114%
Do prefd 94% Parrott 52
, Fitchburg prefd... 145, Qulncy ..178
Gen Electric .267 Santa Fe Copper.. 7%
Michigan Tel 25 Tamarack ...357
Old Dominion 208 Utah Mining 29%
Rubber 32% -Winona 3%
West End ; 96 Wolverines 69%
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept., 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market had a firm "opening to
day, but the cheerful feeling was short-lived,
a- • general heaviness following the early
strength.
Paris came as a seller on an unlikely story
to the effect that France, as a result of the
quarrel with the Sultan, was preparing • a
naval demonstration against Constantinople and
that Turkey was busy arming. American
stocks early in the day hesitated nervously
awaiting New York's attitude after the triple
holiday. When New York sold there was ai
general -drop of from.X to 4% points. The
decline was on sales owing to the extremely
narrow market. The . close was pretty close
to the bottom prices for the day. Money
rates ruled easy.
CLOSING.
Anaconda. 9%; Atchison, . 81%; do preferred
101%; Canadian Pacific. 116%; Denver and Rio
Grande, 50%; do preferred, 100; Northern Pa
cific preferred, 101%; Southern Pacific 61%-
Union Pacific. 104%; do preferred, 92; bar sil
ver, steady, 27d per . ounce; money, 1@1% p« r
cent. ¦_
Nnv York: Money Market.
NEW YORK.Sept. 3.— Money on call, stead
ier at 3@4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. -Prime
mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. Sterling'ex
change, weak, 'With - actual ' business in bank
. ers' bills at $4 86 f or.'tlemand and at J4 83% for
sixty-day bills. Posted rates. J4 84%@4 85 and
J4 86%#4 .87. Commercial bills, $4 83Vi@4 83%
Bar silver, 58%c. Mexican dollars, 45%c. Gov
ernment bonds, steady; State bonds, inactive
railroad bonds, weak. : . "
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 3.— To-day 1 s statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the 1150,000,000 : gold \ reserve " in the
division of redemption, : shows:; Available cash
balance,. $179,971,355; gold, $108,453,786. ¦
Afot; York Cotton] Market.'
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— The market for cot-
j SUMMARY' OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts.
6035 barrels; exports, 4500 barrels. Sales, 12,400
packages. Market steady; demand rather quiet
except on top grades. , '.
WHEAT— Receipts, 484,000 bushels; exports,
249,181 bushels; sales. 2,175,000 bushels futures,
80,000 bushels spot. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 76%c
r. o. b. .afloat; No. 2 red, 75Vic elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 77%c f. o. b.' afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, '83%c f "o. b. afloat. Options
opened easy, but at once rallied with the West
and for a time were active and firm on a little
Wall street buying, higher continental cables,
the corn strength and covering.. Subsequently,
however, they were depressed by active selling
and a large visible supply- Increase. Closed
weak at %c net decline. No. 2 red May, 79%@
80%c, closed, 79%c; September, 75@75 3-16c,
closed, 75^c; October,' closed 75&c; December,
76 ll-16@77V4c, closed.* 76%c.
HOPS— Quiet. ¦'
WOOL— Quiet . »• •
HIDES-Steady. ;
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady; No. 7 Invoice,
5%c. 'Mild, quiet; Cordova, S@ll%c. Futures
closed - unchanged and - quiet. Total sales
reached 7500 . bag«, Including: September. J4 65
@4 70;: December, $5; May, $5 25.
BUTTER— Receipts, 19, 133 packages. Steady.
State dairy,'- 14@19c; creamery, 16@20c; June
packed factory. 14%@154c. .
EGGS— Receipts, i 16,127 packages. Firm.
"Western, candled. 17@18c: Western, uncandled,
]4@17c.i -.-. - ¦ ¦ ¦ -
. - : " -DRIED FRUITS;
A firm tone continued in tha market for
evaporated apples, although trading was light.
Offerings were meager and • values well held.
State, ¦ common to good. 5@8c; prime, 8Vi@
<8%e; choice, 9c; fancy, 9&c.
California 11 dried fruits ruled ' Inactive, 1 but
nominally steady at old prices. Prunes, 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; /unpeeled, 6@9V6e.
CURED,, MKATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy.
iVAc for light medium. lG'^c for light. UV 2 s
for extra light and 16c for sugar cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hims, 14@14V&c; California
Hama, 1314c: Mess Beef. Jll per barrel; extra
Mesb, si*; Family. $12 50: prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear, $23; Mesa. $19; Smoked Beef,
He jwt pound. '
LARI>— Tierces quotsd at 7^7'ic per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half-barrels, pure,
XlYtC. 10-lb tins, lll^c; 5-lb' tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE- One half-barrel. 3%c; thre-i
half-barrels. 9%c: one tierce, 9Y»c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8T»c per lb.
Previous price3 rule, with the demand about
as it ha3 been for a month or so. -.
Provisions.
Car from Winters: Peaches— Piquet's Late
6o@Soc, average 74c. boxes. Pears— Bartletts.
$2 oO@3. average J2 73 boxes; half boxes, aver
age Jl 35. Grapes— Tokays Jl 35@2. average
Jl 69 single crates. Part of a car grossed $775
Twenty cars fruit sold to-day.
Car from Winters: Peaches— Orange Cling,
average 60c boxes; Piquet's Late, 70<g80c av
erage 76c single boxes. Pears— Bartlett's, $3 10
X 3 J 5 ' avera *e *3 19 boxes, half-boxes average
Jl 30. Grapes— Tokays, Jl 10@l 90, average Jl 49
slnglo crates. Gross sales, J1420
Car from Walnut Creek: Plums-Kelsey
Japan, average $1 05 single crates; Yellow Egg;,
average Jl single crates; Sargent, average $1 05
single crates;' Mammoth, average 45c single
crates; Fellenberg. avearge Jl 60 single crates;
Prunes— Gros Jl 60@l 55, average Jl 64 single
crates; Follenberg, average $160 single crates;
Silver 70@S5c, average 75c single crates. Pears
—Bartletts $1 85@3 15, average $2 77 boxes; 90c
@U 40, average $1 19 half-boxes. Gross sale.
$1205. -i . ¦* - • .
Car from Winters: j Pears— Bartletts, average
$3 30 boxes.
«£££ Sacramento: Peaches— Crawford.
50@60c average 57c; Susquehanna, average 70c
boxes; Muir. average 65c boxes; Freestone av
fi ra n ? e ii OC boxe , s : Orange Cling, Jl@l io. average
Jl 02 boxes; Strawberry Cling, average 75c;
7= em , on c ? H?£' avera & e 95c- Plums— Kelsey
ii <Pr£?i* «f C@U Kl avera 8e $1 22 single crates;
1 fi 1^ 5 ' avera * e » 63 half-boxes; mixed, averl
age $1 50 single crates. Prunes— Gros, $1 55@2 30
average Jl 60; Fellenberg, 95c@$l 35. average
5X 25 single crates; Hungarian, Jl 65@2, aver
age J160; French, average Jl single crates
E2^?« t !? t w\' 1 25@1 75 b0xes - S5c @* 1 30 - av:
erage- $1 16 half-boxes. Grapes— Tokays, $l 30@
L «•' avera Se $2 26 single crates; Muscats $l&
$1105 ? averase * 102 Bll »&le crates. Gross sales,
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit. Car from Vacavllle:
Pears— Bartletts, $2 70@3 60, average $3 18,
boxes. Grapes— Tokays, . $1 70@2 45, average
$2 02, single crates. Prunes-rrHungarian, aver
age $2 40, single crates. Nectarines, average
95c, single crates. Figs— Black, average Jl CO,
boxes. Gross sale. $1605. . - , ¦ , ¦
Car from San Jose: Plums— Kelsey Japan,
$1 10@3, average $2 18, single crates; Yellow
Egg. $1 45@1 65, average Jl 58, single crate3;
Quackenboss, average »2. single crates. Prunes
— Gros, Jl 35@2 10, average Jl 80, single crates;
., 'o'^ a - verage w 15> single crates; German,
$1 20@l 2o, average $1 21, single crates. Pears-
Bartletts, $1 55@2 65, average $2 46. boxes; How
ell, $2 15@2 30, average J2 2S, boxes; Beurre
Hardy J2 40@2 55, average, $2 52, boxes. Gross
sales, J1340.
ave $1 OS, boxes. - Fears— Bartletts. $1 70<g>2 35,
average $2. boxes. Grapes— Tokays, $1 70@2 10,
average Jl 91, single crates; Tokay Clusters,
average , $2 25, single crates: Muscats, $135®
il 55, average $1 52, single crates; assorted, $1 55
<fj)2 10, average $1 86, - single crates.' Prunes—
Fellenbergs, average Jl 10, single crates; 919
packages crossed $1740. Nine cars sold. -
CALL. BOARD SALES.
' Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No • sales.
. Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There is still some Government bur
ing, but otherwise there Is nothing going on
and the feeling is easy. As will be seen In the
first column there Is. about twice as much Oats
as Barley on hand in this city, which is -some
thing- not often seen. Grays, $1 10<Sl 20: whites.
$1 15@1 33; black, $1«J1 10, and red, II 05@l 20
per ctl. • - ¦• . , '. , -
CORN— Chicago was active and firm, with a
decrease of 520, COO bushels in the quantity on
passage to the United Kingdom. The world's
shipments for the week were 2.617.00O bushels
against 4,469,000 for the same week last year.
This market continues dull and nominal.
Small round Yellow, $1 75; Eastern Yellow,
$1 65: White. $1 75@1 80 per ctl;. mixed. $1 65.
RYE— The market is quoted firmer at 75@S0c
per ctl, with some. demand 'for Bhipment.
1 and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades. -77^©85c; Chevalier, S5e@U 05 per ctl.
nuts.- 5®7c -for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 129J12V;.?;
Filberts, tUQlZMc; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanu'ta.
$3 50@5. 7^ - . •
HONEY— Comb. 12®12Wc for bright and Vm
12c for light amber: water while extracted. 5'^
(ffCc; light amber extracted, 4',i@3c; dark, 4@
BEESWAX- 25@2Sc per lb.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
ton futures closed easy, with prices net SO to
36 points lower. .
New York Grain and -Produce.
J Chicago Grain Market
Foreign Futures
California Fruit Sales.
8
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—
September.... 60% 69% 68% '68%
December 71% 71% 71 71 «i
May 75% 75% 74*4 75
Corn No. 2 — ¦ • - •
September 55 65% '" 54% 54»k
December 57% 57% .66% 5C%
May 09% C9« 58% 58? s
Oats No. , 2—
September 33% 33% 33 33
December 35% 35% 34% 35 ..
May..... 37% 37% 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September .14 43 14 45 14 30 14 30
October 14 45 14 55 14 47% 14 47'/.
January 15 60- 15 60 15 52% " 15 55*
Lard, per 100 pounds — • «
September 8 95 8 97% 8 92% 8 97%
October ..'. 9 00 9 02% " 8 97% 9 00
January 8 85 8 85 8 82% 8 85
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 8 40 8 40 8 37% S'tO
October .,8 50 8 50 8 47% 8 50
January ..8 00 8 00 7 95 7 97%
STATIONS.
e
a
3
S K 13
"erg so
: g: 3 £»
m
a
II
p
Astoria 30.18 62 48 NW Pt Cldy .00
Baker 29.98 70 44 N\V Clear .00
Larson 29.92 76 40 NE Clear .00
Eureka 29.96 60 48 X\V Clear .00
Fresno 29.80 90 54 Niv' Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.00 72 42 SW Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho.29.96 66 50 N Cloudy .OS
Independence 29.80 78 52 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.88 80 56 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.70 98 72 KW Clear .05
Portland 30.04 74 44 N\V Clear .00
Eted Bluff 23.80 92 72 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.02 78 46 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.80 90 62 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.94 70 58 NW Cloudy T.
San Francisco ...29.88 78 54 W Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo. 29.88 84 48 W Clear .00
San Diego 29,90 €S 64 SW Clear .00
Seattle 30.10 68 48 W Clear .00
Spokane 30.00 68 52 S Pt Cldy .00
N'eah Bay 30.12 58 54 SW Rain .01
JValla Walla ....30.02 74 46 W Clear .00
IVlnnemucca ....29.94 72 40 NW Clear .00
Fuma 29.68 98 66 W Clear. .00
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—
September.... 60% 69% 68% '68%
December 71% 71% 71 71 «i
May 75% 75% 74*4 75
Corn No. 2 — ¦ • - •
September 55 65% '" 54% 54»k
December 57% 57% .66% 5C%
May 09% C9« 58% 58? s
Oats No. , 2—
September 33% 33% 33 33
December 35% 35% 34% 35 ..
May..... 37% 37% 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September .14 43 14 45 14 30 14 30
October 14 45 14 55 14 47% 14 47'/.
January 15 60- 15 60 15 52% " 15 55*
Lard, per 100 pounds — • «
September 8 95 8 97% 8 92% 8 97%
October ..'. 9 00 9 02% " 8 97% 9 00
January 8 85 8 85 8 82% 8 85
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 8 40 8 40 8 37% S'tO
October .,8 50 8 50 8 47% 8 50
January ..8 00 8 00 7 95 7 97%
STATIONS.
e
a
3
S K 13
"erg so
: g: 3 £»
m
a
II
p
Astoria 30.18 62 48 NW Pt Cldy .00
Baker 29.98 70 44 N\V Clear .00
Larson 29.92 76 40 NE Clear .00
Eureka 29.96 60 48 X\V Clear .00
Fresno 29.80 90 54 Niv' Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.00 72 42 SW Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho.29.96 66 50 N Cloudy .OS
Independence 29.80 78 52 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.88 80 56 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.70 98 72 KW Clear .05
Portland 30.04 74 44 N\V Clear .00
Eted Bluff 23.80 92 72 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.02 78 46 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.80 90 62 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.94 70 58 NW Cloudy T.
San Francisco ...29.88 78 54 W Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo. 29.88 84 48 W Clear .00
San Diego 29,90 €S 64 SW Clear .00
Seattle 30.10 68 48 W Clear .00
Spokane 30.00 68 52 S Pt Cldy .00
N'eah Bay 30.12 58 54 SW Rain .01
JValla Walla ....30.02 74 46 W Clear .00
IVlnnemucca ....29.94 72 40 NW Clear .00
Fuma 29.68 98 66 W Clear. .00Mrs., Clara Bell Brown delivered an In
teresting : lecture before the members of
the Twentieth Century Club last evening.
Her. subject was "The Twentieth Century
Talisman." • • - • ....:¦
Lecture by Mrs. Brown.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 3.-
Flre broke' out in the .Arboretum, this af
ternoon -and several ' acres' of- land- cov
ered with valuable • trees planted by the
botany department" as an experiment in
forestry were burned over.
Fire in Stanford's Arboretum.
Tuesday, September 3.
' Stmr Curacao, Parsons/lS days from-Guay
mas. : ".i •'. • ¦¦ ". ¦ .
Br stmr Milton, Ralney, 3 days 21 hours from
Nanaimo. ¦ ¦•- • ' - .
: , "MISCELLANEOUS. :'
¦ Br shin Mayfleld, from Valparaiso, reported
off heads and was ordered to Portland..
domestic ports: . „ :";': ;;,:*'
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived- Sept'2—Schr W J
Patterson, from Honolulu. . - 1 . -- •
Sailed Sept 3— Bktn Geo C Perkins, for Santa
Rosalia; schr J F Miller, for San' Pedro. ¦ -
- PORT GAMBLE - Sailed . Sept 3 - Bark
Reaper, for Manila. ¦-.-• - v -
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Catherlna Vai against Giusseppe Vai for
desertion, Hannah L. Rafferty against
William C. Rafferty for failure to • pro
vide, Charles. A. Landis against Myrtle J.
Landis for desertion. Jennie M. Bussey
against Martin L. Bussey for cruelty and
Celeste Haskins against Arthur Haskins
for cruelty.
Decrees of divorce have been granted to
Claire E. Pike from Edwin G. Pike for
desertion. Anna Schwenkler from Freder
ick Schwenckler . for neglect, Annie E.
Long from James A. Long for neglect,
Mary -Duncan from John Duncan for de
sertion and Irving P. Henning from Ella
Henning for desertion. .
The Divorce Becord.
N. T. Gram, a retired piano manufac
turer, died at the German Hospital yes
terday morning' from the* effects; of in
juries received last Saturday while driv
ing on the south drive in Golden Gate
Park. The team which -he j was driving
ran away I and he I was ! thrown from the
carriage into, a clump of bushes by the
tide of the road. He lay there for some
time unconscious before he" was discov
ered. He was a native of Denmark, aged
52 years, and resided at 1144 Howard
street. ' " ,-.. ~ '
Killed in a Runaway.
They Elect Officers and. Will Carry
Out Conditions of the New
' ''-'-'*¦' "'-¦" .w : ,~ ; '...iy. Law. ' .\ ; J . .. \
The new State' Board of Dental Exam
iners met last night"; at 1 711 Jones street
' for the purpose of electing officers. The
board goes into office for four years and
Is governed by, the law which went Into
effect September 1: The "new law was
framed for the' purpose of exacting a
higher degree of- efficiency in applicants
for j certificates - to practice - dentistry.
Every, person desiring to practice den
tistry in: this State will » hereafter . be
obliged to pass an examination before the
State Board. This applies to > new-comers
as well as graduates of 1 California col
leges.. •;•. ' ¦ ¦•*¦ " '¦¦¦¦¦ -- '¦> -'¦ .- ¦. • ..¦' ¦ •
The board is composed as follows: H.
R, Harbison, D. D. S., of San Diego,
president; F. G. Baird, D. D. 8., of. San
Francisco, secretary; F. J. Bethel, D. D.
S..' treasurer ;,F. R. Cunningham, D. ¦ D.~
S., of Los Angeles; R. H. Cool, D. D. 6.,
of San Francisco; J. M. Dunn, D. D. S.*,
of Oakland, and G. E. Schilling, D. D.
S., of Marysvilie. • :_• . • _
STATE DENTAL EXAMINERS
. HOLD. THEIR FIRST SESSION
Dole was appointed to his present posi
tion when Hawaii -was first acquired by
this country, and has been the chief legal
officer of the Territory ever since. When
seen yesterday > he- begged to be excused
from political subjects or talking on mat
ters pertaining to his office.- : He said he
was iiere on the first vacation he has en
joyed-for nearly six years, and 'wished to
leave business affairs entirely alone.
Staying at the Palace Hotel, where he
arrived Monday evening from his home in
Honolulu, is 13. P. Dole, Attorney r Gen
eral of- Hawaii and cousin— to the Gov
ernor of the Islands. Dole is not here on
business "connected, with his official posi
tion, neither has his trip anything to do
with politics. He has Journeyed here for
the' purpose of marrying' one of our local
belles and carrying her away to preside
over his mansion In the tropics. *
.The young lady is Miss Eleanor E. Gal
lagher, .the daughter of ' Bernard. Gal
lagher, one of the best .. known mining
men on the coast. The wedding will take
place at noon to-day at'the residence of
the' bride's parents, on Ellis street. It
will be a quiet home wedding, with only
the relatives and Intimate friends of the
contracting parties present. The cere
mony will be performed by Vicar Gen
eral Prendergast, who is an old friend of
the bride's family.' • .
.After the wedding Mr. and : Mrs. Dole
will make a tour of the United States, re
turning to take, up .. their residence in
Honolulu some time in October. .
Hawaii Is Here to Wed Miss
Eleanor Gallagher. ' .¦"'
Attorney General .E. P. Dole cf
Stratton has not yet set a day for the
hearing. The accused men propose. In ad
dition to putting in a denial, to charge
Chief Dunn with being rude ana discour
teous to the attorneys having business
with the bureau, and to ask for his re
moval from office.
Customs Collector Stratton received a
letter yesterday from T. V. Powderly,
United States Commissioner of Immigra
tion, instructing him to proceed with the
investigation of the charges preferred by
James R. Dunn, chief of the Chinese Bu
reau, against Clarkson Dye and O. P.
Stidger. who have been doing business 'in
the bureau as attorneys and brokers for
Chinese immigrants in their efforts to se
cure a landing. Chief Dunn complained to
the department that the. attorneys named
were guilty of unprofessional conduct in
their relations with the bureau, and asked
that they be disbarred so far as that de
partment of the Federal Government is
concerned.
Unprofessional Conduct.
From Chinese Bureau for Alleged
Chief Dunn Wants Them Disbarred
COLLECTOR STEATTON WILL
TRY DYE AND STIDGER
COMES FROM HONOLULU
TO CLAIM HIS BRIDE
on Forgery Charge.
Ernest Moore Chadwick, or Sir Harry
Westwood Cooper, as he is sometimes
known, will in all likelihood escape pun
ishment for forging the telegram that led
pretty Norine Schneider to marry him.
Chadwick was tried on June 13 before
Judge, Cook and the jury disagreed.
Before Judge Lawlor last evening his
attorney moved to dismiss the charge,
claiming that such a proceeding was in
order as he had not been retried within
sixty davs. The attorney. referred to a
recent decision of the Supreme Court in
the Bergerot case, in which the court sup
posted this contention. ;
Judge Lawlor took the matter under ad
visement until Thursday afternoon at 4
o'clock. The trial is set for September 16.
While the first trial was in - progress
Judge Cook ordered Chadwick into cus
tody until the Grand Jury could meet'and
indict him for perjury. His attorney Is
now trying to have that indictment
quashed, and with that end in view, has
asked to have the grand jurors examined
in court. Last evening the assistant sec
retary of that body was examined ¦ and
Chadwick's attorney was satisfied al
though nothing Of material interest was
developed. . • • -. ' ¦ u
- Judge' Lawlor took the motion to quash
the indictment , under advisement.
Hay Save Him From Retrial
Recent Decision of the Supreme Court
."SIR" HABBY COOPER MAY
YET EVADE PUNISHMENT
In the tenth round both men were ¦ ip
bad shape. De Coursey taking the count
for the second time, but Herrera was too
weak to finish him. De Coursey did all
the leaning after the third round, and in
the close fighting had the Mexican at his
mercy. The body punches made the
Bakersfield lad cautious, and toward the
end of the fight he was hard put to last
the limit . •; : : ,.
Harry Stewart refereed • the fight, and
his decision gave -. general satisfaction.
Much Bakersfleld money went begging at
odds of 100 to 70 on Herrera, and consid
erable was covered at those figures. The
preliminary between "Kid" Solomon and
Clyde Burnham was called. a draw.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 3.— After twenty
rounds, marked by some fast and furious
fighting, Eily de Coursey of Los Angeles
was given the decision over Aurello Her
rera of Bakersfield to-night at Hazard's
Pavilion. Herrera was a distinct disap
pointment, and showed none of the^qual
lties that at one time i classed him as a
man worthy to meet McGovern. The only
time he seemed to have a chance to win
•was in the third round, when he sent his
opponent to the floor twice, De Coursey
taking the full, count the last time. Be
fore the round closed the men got into a
fierce mix-up and Herrera became groggy,
and was saved from going out only by the
bell. ; ' . v.i :'
DE COITRSEY IS GIVEN
DECISION ' OVER" HERRERA
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND. Sept. 3.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Franklin Wllbert
Shlmer, aged 35, San Francisco, and Fan
nie Virani Walde, 22. Oakland: Wallace
James Davis. 40, and Laura Drake, 25.
Sutter; Adolph Jacob Breilinsr, 31. and
Mao* Judson Taylor. 26. both of Oakland;
James Mackay Jr., 41. and Amelia Louisa
Clement. 40. both of San Leandro; George
Ravenscroft Greenleaf. 28. and Mary Paga
Hathaway. 26. both of Berkeley; George
Ernest Gross, 29, and Ethel Fletcher
Gage, 24, both of Oakland.
Congressman Barney was trying 1 a case
In court at the time. He was overcome
by the shock and the court adjourned.
The women were driving across the
track end the train struck them. For
over two hours the remains lay at the
station at Port Washington, no one be
ing able to identify them. After many
had viewed the remains W. H. Ramsey
Jr. was asked to see if he could recog
nize the bodies.
Ramsey picked lip the covering upon the
body of Mrs. Barney,- but the remains
wtre so terribly mangled that he could
not make out the features. He then
lifted the cover from the other body and
fell back trembling-, with blanched face.
He had looked upon the face of his
mother. '
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 3.— Mrs. S. S. Bar
ney of West Bend, wife of Congressman
S. S. Barney of the Fifth District, and
Mrs. W. H. Ramsey Sr. of Port Washing
ton, wife of a former State Bank Con
troller, were killed by a. Northwestern
train this afternoon near the Port Wash
ington station. .
HAVANA, Sept. 3.— Official advices from
Manzanlllo say that the Judge who is in
vestigating there the murder of Martinde
Castro, the well-known Cuban newspaper
man, who published articles attacking the
rural guard of Manzanlllo. and who is
also inquiring into other murder cases,
has ordered the arrest of a captain and
Sergeant Ramirez of the rural guard.
Captain Grierspn of the United States
army, who sent the dispatch, says he has
complete confidence in Ramirez and be
lieves he should be released, as he is the
only man capable of .catching Mesa. Act
ing Governor General Scott has sent the
adjutant general of the rural guard, Ava
loe, to Manzanlllo to investigate there. • «
Another murder which is being investi
gated is that of a man named Castillo,
who was killed early in the year, le was
claimed at the time that he was killed by
the rural guards. Castilla was editor of
the Tribuna, on which De Castro also
worked. ¦ ,
The spot selected for- the robbery was
well adapted -for this kind of work as
it is wild and heavily timbered. The con
ductor and several passengers walked
back • to ¦ Texarkana, a distance of four
mile/. The Sheriff and posse- have been
summoned to go in pursuit of the robbers.
There were five men in the gang.
A suspicious character was .seen to
hoard the head end of the train leaving
Texarkana. • Railroad employes here seem
to .be confident that the . robbery .was
committed by railroad men from the man
ner in which they superintended the cut
ting off of. the cars and the handling of
the engine. . . -
The robbers after securing the loot cut
off tho engine from the mail and express
cars, and forcing the engineer to get off
they took the engine in charge of the rob
ber engineer and went south at full
speed. At 1:30 o'clock this morning the
engine had not been found.
Iso passengers were molested. They
were, however, badly frightened and hid
their valuables. The robbers were evi
dently in possession of all'the facts con
cerning ¦¦- this 'particular shipment of
money, together with a schedule of the
train, as their scheme ¦ was successful In
every respect, : ¦ . ¦
The train was flagged by one of the rob
bers, who forced the fireman to g-o back
and cut off the mail and baggage cars,
and returning forced the engineer to give
up the management of his engine. One of
the robbers, who, it appears, is an expert
engineer, ran the engine, mail and ex
press cars about a mile -from the point
•where the first stop was made and forced
the , express messenger to open his car.
The robbers then blew open the safe with
dynamite, securing, It is said, a very large
amount of booty. The exact amount is
withheld by the railroad company and the
express people, but it is known that a
very large shipment was made to-night
on this train. .
TEXARKANA, Ark.; Sept 4.-No. 1
Cotton Belt passenger train, leaving Tex
arkana at 9:25 p. m. In charge of Conduc
tor Armstrong, was held up and robbed
near Eylau, four miles south of Texar
kana, last night.
English was removed to the parochial
residence after he had regained con
sciousness and had partially recovered
from the shock.
CRASHES HEADLONG
THEOXJGH A CAR WINDOW
Richard English Has Narrow Escape
From Death While Cycling Down
. , Laguna Street.
Richard Knglish plunged hea'dlong from
his bicycle through a window of a Union-
Street car yesterday afternoon, and not
only lives to tell the tale but bears but
two cuts to remind him of his narrow
escape from death.
English- is the young sexton of St.
Brigid's Church and resides in the paro
chial residence on Van Ness avenue. He
started out on his wheel in the afternoon.
Intending to ride to tho- Presidio. He rode
down Laguna street hill at a merry clip,
and ¦ as an Inbound car stopped on the
crossing he turned to avoid it. A car
was coming from an opposite direction,
and of course English did not see it in
time to avoid an accident.
The result was that he crashed Into it
with such force that he was hurled head
long through one of the windows. Glass
wa3 scattered over several women pas
songrers. who became greatly excited
when they beheld the unconscious and
bleeding English hanging limp and help
less on the window sill. The car was im
mediately brought to a stop and English
carried into a drug store at Laguna and
Union streets. Dr. N. S. Gibersoh, who
was called, dressed a severe cut . English
had sustained on the upper lip and an
other on his knee.
Remarkable Train Rob
bery Committed in
Arkansas. '
Son of Woman Killed by
a Train Identifies
the Body.
Police Authorities in
Cuba Arrested for
Murder.
California Camera Club.
Some very interesting slides were
ehown to a large audience in the rooms
of the California Camera Club last night.
The photographs were made by the mem
bers of the Troy. Detroit and 'Reading
Camera clubs. During the exhibition Mr.
Lawrence sang, Mr. Bonbright delivered
a number of recitations and Miss Cum
mings rendered a number of songs..
OFFICERS MAY
GO TO PRISON
BANDITS ESCAPE
ON AN ENGINE
altar rail was covered with amaryllis and
whortleberry foliage, and the choir lofts
were filled . With large palms and oak
leaves. Directly in front of the altar and
overhead a chime of three bells formed of
pink asters and maidenhair fern was
suspended from ropes of asparagus fern.
In the body of the church the decorations
FINDS MOTHER
AMONG VICTIMS
nounced. During the service selections
from- "Lohengrin": were softly -rendered
on the organ.
The decoration of the church was ex
tremely artistic, the altar being almost
hidden beneath a bank of pink amaryllis,
while above large palm branches were ar
ranged to give, a domelike effect. The
A fete champetre was given by the Misses
Munroe, last Thursday evening, at their resi
dence, 4C96 Seventeenth street. The festival
was for the benefit of the Church of the Most
Holy Redeemer, Rev. Father JIcQualde, pas
tor.
' The guests assembled In the marquee that had
been erected on the lawn and where supper waa
served. In the canvas inclosure garlands of
green, palms and hanging baskets were artisti
cally arranged, while colored lanterns and soft
ly shaded incandescent globes Illuminated th»
scene.
Preparations for the event had been made on
an elaborate scale, and the result was striking
and artistic.
An orchestra of stringed instruments was con
cealed behind a portiere of vines and played
appropriate selections during the evening.
After supper dancing was Indulged in.
James M. Ward, the -well-known comedian,
rendered some of his choicest specialties, which
were well received. The Misses Munroe will
have charge of the refreshment booth of the
fair and bazaar to be given in aid of the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, on October
5, in the edifice in course of erection on Dia
mond street, near Eighteenth.
There was a pretty wedding at Camp Retrsat
In Vallejor. on Sunday. September 1, 1901.
The parties united in matrimony were Henry
H. Heritage and Mrs. Margaret Carter. Judg»
Brown officiated.
The marriage took place 'under a magnificent
grapevine arbor. Mrs. T. Barnewitz was
bridesmaid and John Barnewitz was beet man.
| After the ceremony an elegant wedding din
ner was served, and a toast was drunk to the
health of the happy couple. Judge Brown was
toastmaster. •
The grounds of the camp were elegantly deco
rated for the occasion. The prevailing colors
¦were read and jrreen.
Mrs. Joseph Feigenbaum will be at home at
2713 Clay street this afternoon and on the first
Wednesday of every month thereafter. ¦ • ¦
Mrs. M. Getz and daughter Maude of- tit
Halght street will be at home on the first and
"third Wednesdays of each month.
Victor D. Solomon has returned from a four
years* trip abroad.
Miss Marie Withrow and Miss Era Withrow.
who have Just returned after an extended stay
in 'London, were the guests of honor at a de
lightful informal reception given by the mem
bers of the Century Club, in the clubroorns on
Sutter street, yesterday afternoon. On Wednes
day afternoon next the Century Club will give
an exhibition of paintings and sketches by Miss
Eva Withrow done during her four years' stay
In London.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The Commercial Museum has ' received
from United States Consul Talbot J. Al
bert, who is stationed at Brunswick, Ger
many, a special report In which he says
that the prospects for winter fruit in the
northeast and west of Germany are "the
wcrst that could be possibly, thought."
Apple?, pears and all seed" fruits have
suffered from the drought and also from
the attacks of insects. The same Is true
of !>eaches, plum? and other stone fruits.
There will, therefore, be a large demand
for fruits for the winter months and early
Fhipmer.t and better packing are desired.
This will be good news to the exporters
of California fruits to Europe.
German Fruits Axe Scarce.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mr Fletcher Germany
J Crawford, Germany
A L Castle, Quincy
T H Owens, Ind
W M Lindsay, Boston
E A Whltehill. Boston
C A Klein, Cleveland
A L Mathewson. N Y
D F Rlley. N Y
F M Buckingham, Nev
Hattie Davis, Sausto
Josie Davis, Sausallto
Miss J Evans, Stanford
W B Lewis, St Helena
F W.Lane & w, Ariz ¦
W E'Ott, Bakersfield
J N Cobb, Wash. D C
H . Weishelman, III
Dr W M Lewis.. L Ang
Dr C Rowell, Fresno
Dr J 8 Larson . & w,
Bakersfield.
F P Bardell, Cleveland
C E Gibbs, Kan City
Mrs E H Lahee. L Ang
Miss L Clawson, L An
Miss A Clawson. L An
Miss T Smith, Los Ang
R L Anderton, Chgo
F E Perry. N Y
DrWJG Dawson, Cal
Dr W L Blodgett, Cal
A H Hart. NT
M Gutmenn. Victoria
J Francis, Los Ang
JD Schuyler & w, Cal
S C St John & w, Cal
Dorothy St John. Fsno
Marlon St John, Fresno
J Rogers, Michigan
A Flske, Cal
G W Scott & w, Madi
son
II P Mason, Bakersfld
G A Daugherty & w,
Salinas
W F Jordan. Stanford
A' H McFarland,. Ca!
Mrs N Hart well. Stnfd
Teresa Hartwell, Stfd
Ella Hartwell, Stanfd
Mrs E Sutherland,
Boston
W L Hendrlcks, III
K V Hoskingr, New
Zealand
J Jackson & w. Fresno
FL Cleaves, Napa
R • Luscombe, L Gatos
M Sanders. Fresno
Mrs E A Donahoo, Cal
W S Phillips & w» la
E Coppock, San Jose
R M Levering, L Ang
F E Bulloris, N Y ,
C E Swazy, Marysvll
C B Jellison. Hornbrk
Mrs Gifffln. Tomales
L Bole. Chicago
1 C Calney. Eureka
A Brown, U S N
T Lyman, Sacto
Mrs Gerbes, Sacto
Mrs O Adams, Sacto
G J Cross, Chicago
J M Worrell, Sacto
Dr S Crosg, Stockton
H C McNaught, Cal
E James. Cal
J Wilson. Cal
B Myers, Cai
PALACE HOTEL.
E P Dole. Honolulu
H W Smith, Boston
A A Noyes, Boston
W M Geoghegan, Cal
M Hagemelster, China
A Wrens. China
T W Irvine. India
V Arnstedt, China
Mr Kuhl, China
Mr Zimmerman, China
Dr Endden. Peking
Mr Pfelfenreuter, Chin
B Schreiber, Wash
Mrs Rains, Manila -
F Y Ruhn. U S A :
G F Lister. NY
C B Cox, N Y
Miss Taylor, N T
L Helm, L Ang
H A Gerrlsh, London
H H Atkinson. Stanfrd
Emma Millard. Boston
E Thayer. Stanford
T T Williams, S Raf
P Sparks & w, Melbrn
W Barnell & w, L Ang
A Bergeven& w, Chgo
J Poulson, . Portland
C Bloom. Portland
W Clayton. ¦ Coronado
J D Spitzer, Japan ¦
T D Porter & w. N Y
Miss. Porter, NY
Miss Hollenbeck. L A
Mary Wilson, L Ang
F Bucklunst, Victoria-
J Dalzell & w. Scotld
Mrs Harrell. L. Ang
T Cowley. London
T Hughes & w, Sydney
T R Vesley, London
H C Lewis. Chicago
M P Snyder, L Ang
Dr Kelsel. Oroville
Mrs Morgan, Chicago
J L. Houston. Mo
Mrs Van Denburgh.Cal
Miss Van Denburgh.Cal
P Stelnfelt. London
P Lambert. Paris
L S Hughes, Paris
A Gcldsoorough, Wash
Dr Bruce & w, L Ang
Mrs Bond, S • Clara
A Aldrich & w, Mont
F C Prindle. U S N
H Dubose, Nome
H Hereford & w, Ariz
G Moore, London
C Wells. U S N
¦H J Small. Sacto'
Miss E Small, Sacto
Miss M Small, Sacto
Miss B Small. Sacto
Mrs Rains. Manila.
G S Osborne. Chicago
Mrs Belford. England '
J P Bland & w, China
Miss Morgan. London
W. H Read, China
S Levy & w, N T
Mrs L Kahn, N T
Dr Taylor. Llvermore
O O "Wilson. Llvermore
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Mason,- Mare Island
L Ledman. Mare.Islnd
GPS Talln, Denver
Win K Keys.vCal
A H Tevls, S Jose
T F Abbey & w, Cal
Mrs De Vere, S Ana '¦ ...
C H Todd & w. Denver
C Shepard,- Seattle •
J Mines, Portland .
J H Albert. Oakland
H Graham. Chicago
A Davis,. -Australia
Mrs Burmah, NY
Miss Green, N-Y
W. Balken, Courtland
A Fain- & w, N Zealnd
Mrs Donahue. S Jose
F Bowman, S Jose
H H, Stephenson, Mo
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The presents were handsome and nu
merous. The home on Boulevard terrace
has been furnished from cellar to garret.
The groom's father sent a- complete sil
ver set for the table. The Reliance Club,'
of which Mr.' Gross was secretary, sent a
beautiful roast and fish set. A 'number of
Mr. Gross' personal friends presented him
with a cut glass punch bowl and set that
wa3 the handsomest that could be found
in Ban Francisco. •»
were also extensively carried out, gar
lands being twined around the large pil
lars and palm branches outlining the
arched doorway.
There was no reception after the cere
mony, the young couple leaving almost
immediately on their honeymoon trip.
They expect to be absent two or three
weeks. On their return they will reside
at their own little home, the gift of the
bride's father, on Boulevard terrace. The
first social function that Mr./ and Mrs.
Gross will give will be a dinner to the
bridal party.
PROMINENT SOCIETY COUPLE
WEDDED LAST EVENING IN
OAKLAND. ; ,
Changes Ordered in Postal
Service and Pensions
Granted.
Frank Smith. Isaac Citron and Fred
Stahle. who are on the deputies' eligible
list, were compelled to content themselves
with their original appointment from the
list of clerks, which examination they
also passed. Deputies are paid $125 pr>r
month and clerks $100. and the appoint
ment of the three men named to the
lower positions made possible the selec
tion of deputies lower down on the eligi
ble list.
As another Instance of juggling with
civil service the case of John J. Boyle,
at present a deputy in the Tax Collector'?
office, and the only employe not on the
civil service roll, is causing unfavorable
comment among the deputies who were
forced out of their positions by civil ser
vice eligibles. Boyle failed in the exam
ination for experienced clerks in the tax
office last December. When Scott ap
pointed the civil service clerks last Janu
ary he transferred Boyle to a deputyship.
Thirteen deputies were dismissed on Au
gust 10 and were replaced by civil service
eligibles. The Civil Service -Commission
is aware that Boyle is retained In viola
tion of the civil service rules, but It took
no action.- Scott has the appointment of
two mere deputies, but is blocked by.
Charles Broad, .who has sued to compel
mm to select him (Broad) for one of the
places. Broad .will withdraw his suit cnly
on condition that he be appointed, but
Scott desires him out of the way so that
he may appoint Edward J. Casey and
William T. Howe to the vacancies. Should
Broad be non-suited Boyle will have to re
tire to make way for Casey or Howe.
Boyle's retention is due to Mayor Phe
lan's friendship, though his Honor forced
out the other thirteen deputies not on tha
civil service list.
Juggling "With Civil Service.
But Sheerin is said to have both Phe
lan and Fay behind him, and as he has
been of service to the organization In the
Fortieth Assembly District, he will be
rewarded. Colonel Mendell. president of
the Board of Works, and Mayor Phelan
have had several conferences lately. They
no doubt discussed questions concerning 1
the municipality's welfare, but it is be
lieved that Sheerin's appointment was
taken up incidentally.
During the interim, however, the fine
work necessary for Sheerin's selection,
made possible by the civil service rule of
certifying three names for one position,
has been in operation. Cowden is at pres
ent a clerk employed In the Board of
Works, having been selected from the
civil service eligible list of clerks. He is
in receipt of $100 per month, and has been
given to understand that lie must be sat
isfied to remain where he is in order to
clear the way for the selection of Sheerin,
who is second on the list. In other
words the fact that Cowden holds
one civil service position is made a bar
to his promotion to one higher, although
that plan is the essence of the civil ser
vice system. This, too, notwithstanding
that he is first on the list for field dep
uty and is a licensed civil engineer, which
weli fits him for the position.
Cowden Slakes Way for Sheerin.
When Captain Thomas failed in the re
cent civil service examination for outside
field deputy there were only three con
testants who succeeded in passing the
test. These were J. H. Cowden, with 85.05
per cent; Frank L. Sheerin. 84.25 per cent,
and Benjamin Heath Jr., 77.7 per cent.
After a little persuasion by the Civil
Service Commission the Board of Works
filed a requisition for the certification of
eligibles and the three names mentioned
were submitted. Since then the appoint
ment has been delayed, presumably ow
ing to the absence of Commissioner Man
son, who returned yesterday from his va
cation.
Frank I* Sheerin has been slated by the
Board of Public Works for appointment
to the position of outside field deputy,
made. vacant by the enforced resignation
of Captain Charles E. Thomas. Sheer
in's appointment will be made either to
day or to-morrow, and back of it lies a
tale of how politics sometimes enters
largely into the alleged merit system of
the present municipal administration, and
which shows that Mayor Phelan himnelf
is not averse to taking a hand in ths
game when the selection of his own po
litical favorites is at stake. The position
Is better known 'as Chief of the Bureau
of Streets, and pays a salary of $200 per
month. ¦
Washington— Peder M. Benseth, Fair
haven, fish trap; Charles F. Gay, Spo
kane, switch mechanism; James H. Hoff
man, assignor one-half to - T. Mastln.
Sprlngdale. checkbook: John Meyerberg.
Kent, making substitutes for mother's
milk; Alfred H. F. Straub, Lacenter,
wrench: Charles P. Eatro and G. Delius.
Peattle. electrotype apparatus for extract
ing precious metals.
Oregon— William T. Lyon, Oregon City,
dental appliance.
Washington: Increase — Peter Doyle,
Puyallup. $12; Lars Lareen. Soldiers-
Home. Orting, $S; Rlnaldo H. Brown, Bal
lard, $8.
The Postofflce Department to-day is
eued the following:
Postoffice discontinued: Washington—
Shlllabah, Clallam County, mail to
Sappho.
Postmaster commissioned: California-
George E. Lund. Fruitvale.
Appointed: Oregon — J. Marcum. Gur
dane, Umatilla County, vice P. G. Me-
Broom, resigned.
The following patents were issued to
day: California— Joseph R. Angelovich.
San Francisco, bouquet holder; Advlram
J. Collar. Yreka, window fly escape and
closure; Delos S. Glllesple. Los Angeles,
wave motor: Edward 8. Gordon, Santa
Rosa, combined harrow and crusher; John
W. Heaney, Los Angeles, device for light
ing fires in fire engines; Augustus How
ard. San Francisco, copying press: Wil
liam G. Jackson, assignor to L. H. Moise,
San Francisco, hair crimper; Gustavo A.
Krohn. coarse gold apparatus, assignor
one-half to E. H. Cox. Madera, pumping
apparatus; same, valve for pumping en
gines: George W. Lovejoy. Tehachapl, dis
tributing machine; Elbert V. Mendenhall.
Los Angeles, standing notebook; Frede
rick B. Pettengill, assignor three-fourths
to A. Jeffrey and S. L. Klstler, Los An
geles, stamp mill; Isaac G. Waterman,
Panta Barabara. electrical control of flow
cf water to basins of wash stands or lav
atory bowls; same, electro-magnetic ap
paratus.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET V
W.. WASHINGTON. Sept. 3.— Bids were
opened to-day for the completion of the
interior furnishings and mechanical
equipment of the San Francisco Post
ofSce building. TJie lowest- bid was that
of John Pierce of New York, $1,499,000.
For Interior furnishing only the lowest
bid came from Davidson Bros. Company
Chicago. $1,015,000. Mechanical equipment
cnly. lowest bid, Williams & Co., Louis
ville, Kj\, $220,517.
The following pensions were granted to
day: _•
-California: Original— Thomas D. Wake
lee, San Francisco, $6. Increase— Samuel
V* ?; SUckle, Santa Barbara, $S; Charles
J. McClure. San Francisco, $8; Charles
H. Fountain. Los Angeles, $S; John Wil
liam Myers, Los Angeles. $3.
-.-P"^ 11 '' Increase— Gervis B. Wheeler,
Woodburn, $S; Josiah B. Arnold. Marsh
field. $10.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
The ground which the law takes in tho
matter is that when one portion of a* will
is declared invalid the rest is also invalid*
unless there is a line of demarkation
which will permit of the various sections
being separated. The executors claim
that this line exists in the Fair will, and
the heirs hold to the opposite opinion.
The courtroom was crowded with, attor
neys and visitors anxious to hear the ar
guments which will enable the Supremu
Court Justices to determine the final dis
position of the enormous fortune.
Attorney Garret McEnemey opened the
case' for ihe executors. He contended
that the trust clause was valid in the
matter of the personal property. Supreme
Court decisions and statutes by the score
were referred to In order to establish the
claim that James G. Fair's Intentions
were set forth in a legal manner.
Charles S. Wheeler addressed the court
for the heirs. • He maintained that the
personal property and the 'real estate
were so closely connected in the trust
clause that the annulment of the one in
validated the other. The whole trust
scheme, he attempted to show to the
court, was shattered when the one part
fell. There is no dispute as to Fair's in
tentions, but the fight is over the manner
In which he attempted to carry them out.
Considerable more time might have
elapsed before the case was brought to
trial, but both parties to the suit agreed
to hasten matters as much as possible.
All the arguments were not heard yes
terday and the matter will be taken up
again this morning. The case will then
be submitted and a decision may be ex
pected within a few weeks. Litigation
will then be practically at an end. al
though the attorneys for Mrs. Craven are
still attempting to find some avenue by
which they may again enter upon the field
of action.
The amount of money at issue Is esti
mated at more than $8,000,000 and consists
for the most part of various stock hold
ings in this State and in New York. The
Supreme Court had. declared the trust
clause invalid In so far as It pertains' to
the real estate. Judge Troutt came to the
same decision in regard to the personal
property. The Supreme Court is .now
called upon to either affirm or reverse
this decision.
Another chapter in the seemingly end
less litigation over the millions left by
James G. Fair opened in the Supremo
Court yesterday with the attempt on the
part of the executors to secure a reversal
of Superior Judge Troutt's decision which
invalidated the trust clause in regard to
the personal property pertaining to the es
tate.'
Albert K. Happersberger. M. D., In tha
furtherance of his constitutional right to
retain his life and enjoy hl3 liberty, has
filed suit for divorce. His wife, Eupheraia
Happersberger, he charges with having
inflicted upon him more kinds and de
grees of cruelty than were ever dreamed
of by the imperial executioner of the
court of Peking. Dislocated joints, bruised
flesh and mangled emotions he says have
been his fate.
Dr. Happersberger's detailed statement
of his woes and suffering Is worthy of a
place among: the musty records of the
dark days of the inquisition. He says:
Plaintiff and defendant were married In San
Francisco on July 3, 1895. At all times men
tioned in this complaint plaintiff was a prac
ticing physician with offices at 41 Third street.
• During the twelve months last past the de
fendant (Mrs.' Happersberger) has. nearly
every n!ght. at il Third street, applied to the
plaintiff, obscene epithets; has run about the
hallways of the place, shrieking and yelling
and. after plaintiff and defendant had retired
at night, has kept plaintiff awake the sraate?
part of the night by loud and offensive talk.
has threatened to kill plaintiff, has searched
his clothing In search cf money, with the pro
fessed-purpose of purchasing a pistol with
which to kill him. and frequently upon such,
occasions she ha3 struck plaintiff with her
shoes and chairs and other articles of furni
ture.
On one occasion, Happersberger contin
ues, his wife locked him out of his rooms,
compelling him to search elsewhere {or
a place to repose. On another occasion,
he says, she locked him in his rooma, kept
him there for an hour and caused him to
miss Important professional engagements.
Again, about three months ago. Hap
persberger says his wife's screams caused
a crowd to gather in the street and in tho
hallways of the building, and she waa
only subdued after two policemen had
taken a hand in the quarrel. On another
occasion it took three policemen to stop
Mrs. Hapersberger, her husband avers,
and then only after she had been threat
ened with arrest.
On May 3 last Happersberger claims hla
wife beat and kicked him black and blue
and finished the assault by Dulling his
night shirt from his back and tearing it
into shreds.
Happersberberger's diary continues:
May 10— Defendant struck and abused plain
tiff. May 13— Defendant struck and abused
plaintiff for an hour and took $5 from hi=»
pocket, saying she would buy a pistol «n<t
kill plaintiff. May 17— Defendant struck . plain
tiff and acted so boisterously that the polico
were summoned and plaintiff was struck by
defendant with such force and violence as to
dislocate his. left arm. May 24. 23. 2«. 27 ana
29. June S. July 2 and 3— Defendant assaulted
plaintiff, pulled his hair, bruised and dislo
cated his body. July 21— Defendant threatened
to beat out plaintiffs brains with an iron cus
pidor.
On many other occasions. Dr. Happers
berger says, he was beaten, - cursed,
kicked, abused and made the target for
various missiles by hl3 wife. His wife
uses stimulants excessively, he says, and
this fact, coupled with an uncontrollable
temper, has made his life a misery.
Judge Seawell will try the case.
Phelan's Influence Secures
the Appointment of
Favorites.
Alleges She Dislocated His
Arm and Beat and
Abused Him.
At the entrance to the sanctuary the
bride was met by the groom and Dr. Rob
ert Richie, the officiating clergyman.
There the ceremony of , betrothal took
place, after which the bride and groom
advanced to the foot of the altar, where
the solemn vows of marriage were pro-
Miss Mabel Gage, the maid of honor,
was attired in a gown of white point
d'esprit made over pink taffeta, with
transparent yoke and aleeves. Shirred
ribbons formed a dainty trimming, and
the shower bouquet was of bridesmaid
roses and white tulle.
The bridesmaids, Miss Carrie Nicholson
and Miss Kate Chabot, were gowned alike
in pink French crepe over pink silk. The
gowns were trimmed with white lace, and
the young ladies carried bridesmaid roses
tied with pink tulle.
The bride's Ivory white gown was an ex
quisite creation . of panne satin crepe,
lined with white silk and elaborately
trimmed with Brussels lace and orange
blossoms. The lace yoke was outlined
with a bertha of pearl passementerie. The
sleeves were , of lace, as were also the
flounces outlining the edge, of the skirt.
The bride also wore a long tulle veil and
carried a shower bouquet of Bermuda
lilies and tulle. Pinned at her throat waa
the groom's rrift— a diamond Burrounded
by pearls, in scroll effect.
At 8:30 the triumphant strains of the
bridal march from "Lohengrin" an
nounced the approach of the nuptial par
ty. -The four ushers. George G. Gross,
Will M. Ward, Harry Mason and Dr. J.
Loran Pease, led the way. They were
followed by the bridesmaids.' Miss Mabel
Gage, the maid of honor, advanced alone,
and behind her came the bride, leaning
on the arm of her father, Stephen T.
Gage.
OAKLAND, Sept. C— A large and
fashionable throng filled St.
Paul's Episcopal Church this
evening to "witness the marriage
of Mls3 Ethel Fletcher Gage and
George Ernest Gross. The wedding was
one of the most brilliant events of the
season. At least 500. guests were present,
the young couple each having a host of
friends.
Final Disposition of the Per
sonal Property Is at
; ' Stake. *
Sues His Wife for a Di
vorce on the Ground
of Cruelty.
Liegal Lights Battle for
the Possession of
$8,000|000.
Politics.. Governs Selec
tion of Civil Service
Eligible.
Pierce of New York
Makes Lowest Esti
mate on Work.
9
HAPPERSBERGER
HAS MANY WOES
FAIR MILLIONS
AGAIN AT ISSUE
SHEERIN GETS
THOMAS' PLACE
BIDS TO FINISH
IEW P0STOFF1CE
THE SAN FRA1S CISCO CAJ^V, VVlfiDJNJi;«JJ AY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
Sacred Edifice Is Thronged With Several Hundred Friends Invited
to Be Present at the Marriage -of Miss Ethel .Fletcher Gage,
One of Oakland's Favorite Belles, to George Ernest Gross
FASHIONABLE SOCIETY ATTENDS
GRAND WEDDING AT ST. PAUL'S
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FRK TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekaea Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
.Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years again A the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. . It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any, form of sexual weakness result-
Ing from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength^ and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the . desired location, giving strength
and development just where It Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come'
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all -cases. A request to the State Medi-
cal Institute, 32S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages; will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
POSTTJM CEBEAL.
MORE BOXES OF GOLD,
And Many Greenbacks.
To secure additional information direct-
ly from the people, it is proposed to send
little boxes of gold and greenbacks to
persons ¦who write the most interesting,
detailed, and truthful descriptions of their
evperience on the following topics:
1. How have you been affected by coffee
drinking and by changing from coffee to
Pcrtum?
2. Do you know any one who has been
driven away from Postum because it
came to the table weak and characterless
et.the first trial?
3. Did you set such a person right re-
garding the easy -way to make Postum
clear, black, and with a crisp, rich taste?
4. Have you ever found a better way to
make It than to use four heaping tea-
Fpoonfuls to the pint of water, let stand
on stove until real boiling begins, then
note the clock and allow it to continue
*>aey bollinc full 15 minutes from that
time stirring down occasionally? (A piece
of butter about the size of a navy bean,
placed in the pot, will prevent boiling
over.)
5. Give names and account of those you
know to have been cured or helped In
health by the dismissal of coffee and the
tlal!y use of Postum Food Coffee In its
plsce.
C "Write names and addresses of 20
frirnds whom you believe would be bene-
fited by leaving off coffee. (Tour name
wl!l not be divulged to them.)
Address you letter to the Postum Cereal
Co.. Ltd.. Battle Creek. Mich., .writing
your own name and address clearly.
Be honest and truthful; don't write
poetry or fanciful letters, just plain,
truthful statements.
Decision will be made between October
SO and November 10, 1901, by three judges,
not members of the Postum Cereal Co.,
and a neat little box containing a $10 g-oiu
' piece sent to each of the five best writers,
a box containing a $5 gold piece to each
of the 23 next best writers, a $2 greenback
to each of the 100 next best, and a $1
preenbaclc to each of the 200 next best
writers, making cash prizes distributed to
325 persona.
Almost every one interested in pure
food and drink 13 willing to have their
name and letter appear in the papers, for
such h«?Jn as It may offer to the human
race. However, a request to omit name
v. lil be respected. ...
Every friend of Postum Is urged . to
¦write and each letter will be held In high
esteem by the company, as an evidence
of such friendship, while the little boxes
of gold and envelopes of money will reach
many modest writers whose plain and sen-
sible letters contain the facts desired, al-
though the sender may have but small
faith In winning at'the time of writing.
Talk this subject over with pour friends
- and see how many among: you can win
prizes. It is a good, honest competition
und.ln the best kind of a cause. . .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4j 1901.
10
SAJS FRA3f CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery Btreet,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m. .
?M Hayes street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
o:3 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1 C 41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
CC61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
null 0 p. m.
JOS Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
V)St Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
aiEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. &. A. M. m
m —The officers and members of the
* above named lodge are hereby notified JL7X
to attend the funeral of our late '
Brother. LUTHER E. THRASHER, late a
member cf Lawrence Lodge No. 6, Kansas,
in King Solomon' 6 Hall. Masonic- Temple,
. THIS WEDNESDAY. Sept. 4. at 2 o'clock p.
m. Master Masons and friends of the de-
ceased are invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. m
and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS _*%_
• WEDNESDAY) EVENING at S jLjX
o'clock. • THEO. FROLICH, Sec. /V>
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. m
M.— Stated meeting and D. 3 THIS _#%_
4. at 7 p. m. sharp. By order 5t^
of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. /
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 16G. F. and A. •
M —Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- -Jr%_
DAY) EVENING. Sept 4. at 7:30 TC3T
o'clock. K. J. OWEN. Sec. . / '
FRANCO-AMERICAINE Lodge 207, <^^^M.
I. O. O. F.— Officers and mem-
b*>re: You are hereby notified to
assemble at our lodseroom WED-
NESDAY. September 4, 1S01. at 1:30 p. m.,
to attend the funeral of our late Brother
FRANK BARBERI. By order of Noble
Grand L. CARRAINE, N. G.
L. A. AURADOU. Secretary.
VALLEY Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. W-. *<gUfc.
Instituted April £4. 1S7S, meets THIS fe^gtfc
.WEDNESDAY) EVENING at , 8 |&^.
o'clock. In Pioneer Hall, 24 Fourth ~**«^
st All members of the order are cordially,
invited to attend. F. W. HARRIS. M. W.
THOa H. LORD. Recorder.
NATIONAL UNION. Call-
'nmia Council. meets "<5Sr2~S22>
TO-NIOHT at Pioneer .
r&ocWltfS^ hall). Vising friends
coraially^invjteds President
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
REGULAR monthly and special
meeting of the Servian-Monte- tfrfv*
r.egrin L and B. Society to be JfAJr
held on WEDNESDAY. Septem- ff^V^I
l,p r 4 K'^I at 7:30 o'clock sharp, iKj^jM
at 909 Market st Important 3.1jifflHiJ2j
business regarding cemetery. fc&jgXHwfi
All officers and members are ¥tJ53n&iJ
requested to attend. By order of.
R. T GERUNOVICH. Free.
SPIRO VUCCSAVL1EVICH. Sec. .
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Of- v-jft-^
fleers and members. attend your |S5«iE3
quarterly meeting WEDNESDAY Wytgfc?
EVENING. September 4, 1901. at 7:30 prgSS
sharp. Uncalled-for prizes from last
picnic will be auctioned. Members holding
tickets from cur last picnic will please return
the same or they will be charged as dues.
The thirty-Erft grand annual ball will be
given at Union Square Hall Saturday even-
ing, October 12. 1901. By order of
M. SCANATICH. President
DE .WITT W. TOLL. Recording Sec.
ADOPTION.
CTRL find boy baby for p.doption. MRS. DR.
n;XKE. 141C Eighth st.. A'.amrfa.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Several persons of character and
coed reputation In each State (one In this ,
eountv required) to represent and advertise
oij established wealthy business house of solid '
fin.ir.ciai standing. Salary $18 weekly, with
expense* additional, ail pgvable In cash each ]
Wednesday direct from head offices. Horse
and carriage furnished when necessary: ref- i
erences. Inclose s*»lf-addressed stamped en- I
ve'.ope. Manager. C06 Caxton build' g. Chicago. '•
' i
ASPHALTL'M ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. U3I Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. !
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, fleede. etc.. prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st
ADVICE free:di\-orces private; bankruptcy;col-
lectlons attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale;
partnerships :dpfds: wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. lCOS^ Mkt. r. 4. op. 5th.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 977 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLAP.K. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. : coTisnltgtion fre**: Tin fe«>s In advance.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS^oT evfry kind bought. Tel. Red. 2S56.
HOLMES TOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILD to board: mother's care: sunny yard;
piano lessons If desired. 149 Tenth st
I OH 3 children to board; j?ood home 8c moth-
t'* <"ar«=: J"* ut>: sunny yard. 1607 California.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
ASK to se» I«indbeck's Improved drawer
trunk: nt a'! dealers or factory. S26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
< f400: DAIRY and produce .store with horse
and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
8 years; doing good business. Call R.. G.
WILKE. 2C^ Kearny £t
A— $1400: SALOON; choicest location on Market
St.: net rent $80; fine fixtures and good pay-
Ing business: investigate at once; a splendid
and rare chance. Call R. G.- WILKE, 26^
Kearny 6t.
A— t30CP; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market st.; a flrst-class place; owner sick in
the country: must sell at once; Investigate
and make offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26',i
Kearny st.
A— 1500; CHOP and oyster house on Market St.:
rent S39: daily receipts tZO and above: owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
26*4 Kearny 6t.
J350— PARTNERSHIP established business:
p-ood opportunity for steady man. CAL.
BUSINESS ASSN.. SBthi Market st
£250— PARTNER wanted: great chance' in a
paying olfice. McBRIDE &«CO.. 1016 Market.
S4C0 — CANDY stand, stnek and fixtures; down-
town: snap. ItETSLOFF. SOS Market St., r. 12.
5100— REAL estate office: snap: this week.
NEWTON & HARTER, 759 Market 6t.
FOU sale cheap; owner must leave town at
once; stock, good-will and fixtures of fruit
and . vegetable store. Apply 775 Washington
st, corner Free Market, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS opportunity for a good, reliable
man as partner In old established business or
to taJte el^arsre of office. Call 911 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
BAKERY, notion -and candy stores for sale at
a bargain; from $S0. 2239 Mission St.. S. F.,
notion store, after U a. in.
BRANCH bakery for sale cneap. Apply to 1547
Mission St.. city.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner liquor store, with
lease; account of sickness. Box 79, Call office.
COOD payinsr milk buslnees; will bear closest
investigation; rrindpals only. Box 4663, Call.
WANTED— An honest and cober partner with
SSC09 in an optical business; must either be
en cptlrian or be able to attend to corre-
#ponfi:nsr. «>tc. : cash receipts about $1500 to
JI000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERUS. German Kxpert Optician, 1071% Mar-
ke* .rt., San Francisco.
TOR eale— At invoice price, the merchandise
j rtore of CNOPIUS A CO.. Santa Rosa, with
]ts two branches, one nt Sebastopol and one
at HealiJyburi?. as a whole or eacn store sep-
arate: disagreement among partners the cause
cf telling. Fcr particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa.
FOR sale — A Rood-paying candy. Ice-cream and
notion business in a lively Interior town"
$r,ooo. Inquire of N. MEYER & CO., 420 Front:
WELL-ESTABLISHED business for sale; good
living in It. For particulars apply at 536-535
Washington st. : investigation solicited.
BRANCH bakery for eale cheap. Apply to~l547
,-MiFElon Ft. city.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ATTENTION BUYER?! '
OUR MOTTO IS SQUARE DEALING
TOU MAY BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
ON OUR LIST
And pay for It In monthly payments from the
I profits of the bouse.
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms; rent $20; oa Sixth.......... $173
40 rooms; on Third 1800
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 100Q
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; corner; clears J»00 ~ 600C
S rooms: on Ellis; clears $35 65G
28 rooms; on Mission .'...,.' 2M
83-room hotel and bar.... 1600
45 room*; rent $125; clears $150 :: 2350
A. H. KETSLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellts, r.12.
LODGING HOUSES FOR . S ALC-— COM/-
9~ROOMS on Post st; worth $1000; price.. $450
16 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 1000
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit. 6000
60 rooms; $1200 cash >... 3200
40 rooms; clears $200; only $600 cash 1500
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 7oO
6-room flat; fine corner.'. 300
36 rooms; on Market st.'.. •'•• 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st...-. "O
42 rooms: clears every month $300 1C00
8 rooms; flat near City Hall <25
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 525
16 rooms; offices; clears SSO 1400
14 rooms; $100 cash. : balance payments... 40O
4S rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth st; clears $80.... 900
24 rooms; on Market; clears $150 : 1000
18 rooms; corner; just like home 15C0
10 rooms; on Mason st: new... 750
S2 rooms; offices: clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
I sell and exchange all kinds of property.
GIVE ME A CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN
LOCATION. PRICE AND PAYMENTS.
FRENCH AND -GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: tel. Mint 796.
A-CAIERON & CO.. •
S50 Market st and S Stockton St.. '
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush' 328.
If vou have hotel, rooming-house or business
to tell list with us. We have cash customers
tor all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
100 r.; rent $175; cor.; best-paying in clty.$7000
S5 r.; rent $200; Al loc: good house 2600
60 r. : rent $300; cor.; elegant hotel 7000
48 r.; rent $110; cor.; Oakland.. 2503
26 r. ; rent $90; cor.; fine fur. and loc '.. 2000
Money loaned on deferred payments, V& p. c.
14 r. ; rent $55; good trans, and loc 550
10 r.; rent $28: fine fur.; piano 650
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
$1100—15 ROOMS; Ellis; close in.
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $203 over all.
$650—14 rooms: O'Farrell: rent $43: bargain.
1500 — 6-room flat: grand furniture: rent $25.
$1100—17 rooms; monej*ssiaker ; rent $55.
J650— 8 rooms; now being furnished.
J2500— 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT^ Cp.. 850 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market st. Telephone Jessie 2211.
22 rooms: best location south of Market. $1000
20 rooms; beautifully furnished: only 1500
30 rooms: best street in city: rent $4"...... 1200
, 29 rooms; snap: rent only $45 1400
•¦60 rooms: rent $95: sunny corner ..2000
50* other houses. Many bargains to select from.
HOUSES HOUSKS HOUSES
IF YOU WANT
TO BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
IN ANY PART OF THE CITY
COME AMD SEE ME ABOUT IT
I EITHER HAVE OR CAN SECURE....
YOUR IDEAL
916 Market st. M. K. B. WALLACE, room 73.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
Near the Call building. Tel. Black 1803.
Call at my office for big free list, f
I will give you a square deal and good title.
List vour house with me — no charge.
Money to loan, payable monthly or yearly.
AH kinds of businesses for sale.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market. Phone Folsom 1S92.
We have a number of good bargains in lodg-
ing-houses, saloons, candy and notion stores,
also restaurants nnd cigar stands, which we
can vouch for. Call and get our prices.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
THE largest and bsst list of lodging-houses at j
our office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market i
St.. opposite Fifth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pae«s. In wrapper, for mslllne. $1 per xear.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues.. Frl.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; receded medals from many
countries: taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush St. ; tel. 2275 Larkin
FREE — Ladles who want to know whether they
possess mediumlstic talents: if they develop
with me and cannot get full names in 90
days, no charges; 2 trial private lessons free;
afternoons. FRANKLIN. 724 Post st |
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,Wed. I
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st.
i CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun., Tues. ]
! and Thurs.. 8 p. m.: every one gets a test; |
private readings daily. 2t>9 Hyde. cor. Eddy, i
I MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus, medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and j
Friday, 8 p. m.: Wednesday, ladies,. 2:30 p. I
m., 10c; meetings daily, 50c.
MRS. LESTER, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m..
10c; readings daily. 148 Sixth st. room 12.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S3 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. !
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME~M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS I
Clairvoyant and business me'dium. permanently ;
located at 17 Thirr? st.. next Examiner bldg. She
leads vour life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the pasr. reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you ar& in trouble, discontented, un- |
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes- |
tic love or business troubles, consult this great i
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, comer Oolden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the srreatest Egyptian
secret; shows pitcure future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
I Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215>4 Sixth st
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life;
gives names, facts, figures; gl\Ts luck; honest
predictions In love affairs; reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
A— LINCON. CLAIRVOYAN T.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently' lo-
cated at 125 Turk gt.; readings by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
{ palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
I 6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m
j KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
ogical ralmlRt. reader human destiny: never
j falls: 23c and 50c; by mn.il. 50c. 1203 Mission.
i MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader:
j German spoken: 25c up. 777^4 Market st, room 18.
! MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
I 25c. gents uOc: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
' Mrs.Mallory. clairvoyant card reader": •when oth-
ers fall consult me; 1. 25c, g. 50c. 917 Howard.
j CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
I only 10c: from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna, nr. 4th.
I M. Ti'ILLE. cr^tal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
! sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. 326A Ellis 6t
I CARD reading 25c: hours from 1 to i p. m. 833
j Howard St.. nr. Fourth. '
1 FREE test readings; ladles morning: open 10 to
j 6; closed Sundays. FRANKLIN, 724 Post st
j MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
j reader. 11 6th;German spoken :tel. Howard 1S46.
j MEANS wanted to find rich, free-milling quartz
j ledge. Address Call agency, San Jose, Cal.
GOOD saloon at a bargain. Apply at SIEBE,
PLAGEMANN & CO.'S.
A. L. CARLSON.- medium and astrologlst. 148
Sixth st. room 22.
j MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmlstry;
| truth or no pay; 25c. ' 1149 Mission, over store.
. MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
; sittings daily. 448% Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
: MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
! advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
j CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
i WHEN you become disgusted wltlv poor ¦work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st: tel South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying, 3c: renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
! PARRY. 1511% Market st; phone Mint 1095.
'' ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
I tel. Main 234. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
j RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
¦ reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
j CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
i 533 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
1 , CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
j STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st: tel. South 250.
r J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
i —^— — »^^—^—^— — —
CHIROPODISTS.
! BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts; paln-
! less euro.; guaranteed. Dr.- Duncan. 415 Sutter.
I PROF.Strassbunr<«r fromN.Y.. specialist on .feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.: Chronicle big., rm. 76.
j' COLLECTION 'OFFICES. »
J , GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No"chargTun^
[.. less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
[ DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
( McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
> ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
-attention. 121 Post, over O' Connor & Moff a tt.
- DENTISTS.'; ' ..'
A^DlC 'f.S.'lnGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels builfting. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural , : and
guaranteed. $5 up; -a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain, crowns $5 to $10; -teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
, p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates. brldge3
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful I secret, painless method ; . 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranto'-d; ladv attendants.
',DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.- "
A— NEW unbreakable plate, thef Rose Pearl, i
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings.
BOc; plates SS; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teoth. 110 Pbelan bldg.
DR. M. A. BROWN has removed to 54 Sixth
st; gold crown and bridge work a specialty.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings 25c. .
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st ¦ ' _
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larklr— Pain-
less extraction 60c: plates $3 up ;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentirt, third- floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenlners and. Sun-
davs. loni Market ft., pomor Sixth.
D^RaiATOLOGISTS^
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanent! v
removed by eleetrolvsls: facial message with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st.
EDUCATION A L.
NIGHT ScllO^T : O^^IENr^~~
A practical and industrial education for men:
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses - of Btudy
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mas^n
nnd Ellis sts. ; opening night. Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; departments— Art, business,, civ.'! service,
elementary, engineering. - high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
Fpellir.g. ' Sapnish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. "¦
COMPETENT teacher desires pupils, adults or
children, in primary, grammar and high
| school studies; references. Box 69, Call.
I SPANISH— Conversation, letters: rapid method;
classes daily; $3 per month. PROF. MAYA,
210 Eddy st. .
ACTING, elocution, specialties. Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
MERRILL-MILLER Colleere— Shorthand, typ-
Ine. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldp:.; individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elecmiriing.mech, sut-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects betrinners, collpgc graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 .Parrott blflg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
¦ Gregg shorthaml costs only SSO. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 MaEon st. _^
ACTINGs^Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.. $6 mo.
MARY P. "WESTHAUS. piano. mando.In. fniitar
I lesson?, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: juvenile c'.ass. 10OS Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY an-1
ILLUSTRATION— niKht class. 424 Pine st.
HEAL1VS Business Colleee. 24 Post st.'. S. F.;
founded 1S63: new 80-pa^e catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, srammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMEST OFFICES.
JAPAXe¥S^ and Chinese help of all kinds:
conks, waiters anct house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.*: tel. Bush 135.
SAM KEE & CO.. employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621^ California st: tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Office — All kinds he?t
help furnished. 439 Bush St.: tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable hfilp. R24 Bush Ft: tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter-. tel. Black r.072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kind« h"\r>. 315 Stockton: Mgln 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — FEMALE.
I A HOUSEGIRL., American, desires place In
small American family; best references. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st. ; tel. Slain 5332.
MAN and wife wish positions on prlvata
place; wife first-class waitress or plain
cook; man about place or flrst-class coach-
man. Address B. S., £37 Ellis st; best ref-
erences^ - ._
WANTED— By a middle-aged lady a situation
In a small private family to do light house-
work; city or short distance in country. Box
115. Call office. ;___
AMERICAN woman, elderly, economical
cook, fond of children, the best of references,
wants to go as housekeeper; wages $10 month.
Box 130, Call office.
GERMAN girl, just from the East, wishes sit-
uation as second girl In first-class private
family. Please call at 426 Francisco St., be-
tween Mason and Powell. ;
RELIABLE girl wishes a position to do gen-
eral housework and cooking. Plsase call
22S3 Geary st. - ¦
YOUNG Scotch cjirl wishes position In small
American family to do general housework or
cooking; wages $23. Address box S2. CalL
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position
to dq general housework; city or country.
Call at 10 Stockton place, off Grant ave. •
WOMAN wishes a position as working house-
keeper, ladles' nurse or companion. 523A
Howard F.t. ¦ _
SITUATION wanted by German girl to do up-
stairs work and waiting; city references.
' 723 Eighteenth St., cor. Minnesota.
WANTED — Situation by refined, well-educated
woman; doctor's office preferred." Address
box 87, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires a place to as-
sist In light housework; will assist with an
Infant or small children. Call 314 Turk at.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman to
assist with housework; not afraid of work.
316 Linden ave., near Gough st.
A GIRL wishes a position with a nice family
to do housework; wages $20. Please call 130!
Hayes st. . . •
YOUNG girl wants place at general housework
or cooking and downstairs work; $25. . Call
38 Natoma st, near Second.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to dc
. light housework, take care of Invalid or child;
references. Box 4S22. Call oflice.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wants situation
in small American family; good cook; besi
city references.- Address Cook, 1451 Stevenson.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day;
washing, Ironing or house cleaning; $1 25 day.
Address box 4S21, Call office..
SITUATION as laundress and chambermaid In
private family. • Address box 84, Call office.
TWO ladles wish positions as second girl and
cock. Addres 51S Powell st.
A LUNCH waitress would like a place. Call oi
address 9 Tehama st, near First
WANTED— By a competent Protestant woman,
a position as housekeeper In hotel, first-class
lodging-house . or private home; -will assist
with sewing or take charge of doctor's of-
fice or gentlemen's club. Box 4874, Call.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes a place to dc
general housework. . Apply at 316^ Rich st,
> between Brannan' and Townsend.
SITUATION . wanted by lady as housekeeper
and ' her boy. who understands the care oi
horses and is useful about the place; countrj
preferred. Box 35, Call office.
SITUATION by a good strong girl for genera
housework; wages $20. Call at 522 Third st
A YOUNG woman; employment by day. 50;
Leavenworth st. cor. O'Farrell, r. 8, 2d floor,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 £0 per night: $1 50 tc
?6 week: convenient and respectable; free .'bus
and baggage to. and from ferry. ;../¦.-
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
- Eubscrlptions has» been established at 1W«
Valencia «t . v
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
"EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
CARPENTER, first class, good millwright, ex-
perienced workman, wants'steady work with
some company, institute, store or'tactory;
city, or country; wages reasonable. Box 128,
Call office. ¦, .. . • -.:. - .' .
MAN 12 years . In national bank would like
work that would require " about half " time,
. such as forwarding balances, general book-
keeping, etc; can give ¦ best of references.
Box 81, Call office. ¦ ¦ * '
A FIRST-CLASS gardener. wishes a situation
on gentleman's r place; can take care of horse
- and buggy and milk a cow. Address P. S.,
gardener. 315% Jessie st, city.^-
YOUNG man, 20 years old, German-American,
living home, wishes work. Please address E.
¦ D. SPECKTER. 652^ Natoma st. »
YOUNG married couple would like to take cafe
v of private place or a resort; no children. Box
129, Call office. - ...¦¦.. ' -
EXPERIENCED hotel clerk wants position In
first-class hotel. Box 85, Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced gardener;
can take care of horse, cow and buggy; best
of references. Address Gardener, box 4S51,
Call office. ' .- ¦ ¦
.THOROUGHLY competent and experienced
man desires to take charge of an office build-
ing as janitor; best of city references. Box
105, Call office. ¦.
WANTED— Position as steward; hotel or club:
excellent references given. Address C. ED-
WARDES. box 40. Call office. ..-
MIDDLE-AGED man familiar with the city
wants to | drive and care for one or two
horses. Box .94, Call office. . .
YOUNG man wants position; 9 years' experi-
ence In general office work; references from
former employers as to business ability and
1 character. . Box 74. Call office.
SITUATION wanted . as winemaker or cellar
boss; 20 years' experience In sweet and dry
wine cellars: furnish ample evidence regards
ability, character and sobriety. Box 11, Call.
Al MARRIED man wants charge orchard,
stock or private place; first-class references.
Box 6, San Mateo.
YOUNG man, well educated In German and
English, trained medical and surgical house,
understands the drug business, best of refer-
ences and i recommendations, desires position.
Box 46. Call office. . ¦
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lCM
Valencia Ft. '.
, FEATHERS RENOVATED. ¦
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia ;tel.Capp 26S2.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
COLE, 769-771, bet Beulah and Frederick st».—
Fine rew sunny Hats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. - *.¦,-_.''
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975, opp. Jefferson square
i —New upper sunnny modern flat; 5 rooms
and bath..
I FINE- sunny top flat 4 rooms. 60 Ivy ave.,
near Mechanics' Pavilion.
HAYES, 1751, near Park— Modern sunny upper
flats, 4 and 5 rooms; bath; $13 and $18.
MCALLISTER. 19C9. near Park— Sunny upper
fiat, 3 rooms; $9 50; water free.
3-ROOM flat corner McAllister and Polk sts.
Inquire butcher shop.
8-ROOM modern flat, nicely furnished; will sell
on account of departure. 104S Ellis st. "*
ALPINE, 175— New flat of 8 rooms with all
modern Improvements; rent $23. ' Key at 171.
ELEGANT. light, sunny; 7 large rooms and
bath: reasonable. 71S Oak st, near Fillmore.
FLAT for rent, 5 rooms, on Harrison st, near
Sixth. Inquire at No. 936; rent $10.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; larga
yard and cellar; rent $10; no children.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
FLATS WANTED.
FURNISHED flat. 7 rooms and bath; west of
Van Ness; adults. Box 92, Call. .
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr.V. Ness-
Stylish effects: High-grade work: Lowest prices.
-.' FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $43 50, with No. 7
rant;e King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Marke*.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. 2. Golden Gate
ave. ; tel. Jessie 126; furnlture.^mdse.. bought.
A. L. Storrs." 130 Golden Gate ave^ tel; Jessie
14C4; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
~" GLOVES. ¦
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
• warranted: kept In repair. ¦ 121 Grant ave.
' HELP WANTED — -FEMALE.
AT C. rTfI ANSEN^ & CO. ' si Phone Grant ISi
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 head waitresses, city and country $3C
Waitress, south, fare advanced $2;
23 waitresses, city and commercial hotels
$20 and' $2c
Ironer. country $30 and tound
Woman for children's dining-room, insti-
tution :
Cook, few boarders, country. $2:
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
I^ady's maid and assist second work $2'
.Waitress, small family .$2;
Housegirle, nice place, country, , fare paid.$2i
Housegirls, second girls, nursegirls, cooks.
; , .....$10 to $3(
C. R. KANSEN & CO -.104 Geary st.
. TEN extra waitresses, $1 50 day; free fare. C,
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st .
. CASHIER restaurant; experienced; $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 157;
1 HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $30; waitress,- Fresno, $20; '
waitresses. Salt Lake City, $20. fare here; 1;
waitresses, first-class city and country ho-
tels, $20 and $23; ,2 chambermaids to wait,
, $20; cashier restaurant, $7.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, 4 In family, no washing, $30, see ladj
here; waitress. 'private family, $25: Germar
cook, city. $30; German upstairs girl and as-
sist grown children, $20. see lady here; younj
nurseglrl. $15, and many other very choict
places; very best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ..335 Geary st.
i i HELP of all nationalities to fill various post-
1 tions; city and country. MRS. LAMBERT
418 Powell st.
' A HOUSEMAID, German or Swedish, for ladj
\ students, Stanford University, $20. MRS
1 - LAMBERT, 418 Powell St. '
J A. — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rooir
12—2 more waitresses, country hotels, $25.'
WANTED — Nursery governeess to care for i !
\ children and see that they practice theii
, music and study their lessons; one knowing
French preferred. " Address, stating nation-
ality, ability and- references, "A," box 88
; this office.
' GERMAN girl; must be competent in second
work and good seamstress; references re-
\ quired. Apply from 9 to 11 a. m. on Wednes-
day at 1900 Jackson st.
WANTED— Students to learn halrdresslng
, . , manicuring, bleaching and dyeing, in twe
y weeks for $5. Boston Hair Dressing College
' E20V4 Taylor st., near Post. • -
'. WANTED— Experienced skivers on amazeei
' machine; steady work; good wages. CAHN
' NICKELSBURG & CO.. 115 Haygs st « .
; WANTED— Girl for general housework; plait
1 cooking, baking; ¦. wages $15. ..1216VS Goldet
Gate ave.
' WANTED— Trained nurse; $S0 month; stati
age, height and weight. - Lockbox 285, Berke
' ley. Cal?V
. WANTED-Young girl to take care* of baby
good home; , references; wages $10. . 1907V
\ Devlsadero 6l. ; • . ;
" YOUNG girl for second work; $15. Appl:
Maudsley Sanitarium, 2111 Pine st, betweei
9 and 11 a. m.
' WOMEN wanted for lining fur garments. Ap
' ply ROBERT AVALLACE,' 219 Grant ave.
! WANTED— Girl for second work. Apply 103
f Mission st ,.¦'«•
' FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats;' good pay
steady work. 541 Market st. .
1 EXPERIENCED chocolate dipper. .538' Wash
ington st. • . ~ . ;
1 WANTED Young . woman I for light house
; . work. 716 Franklin st. , ¦
• WANTED— Woman to' do plain cooking li
> small family. Sherman House, 28 Eighth, st
GIRL, — Second work and waiting; German pre
- f erred. Apply; 10 to 12, . 1915 Van Ness. ave.
i 'AMATEUR sintters wanted. Apply at Chute
at 6 o'clock this evening. .¦•-»-¦,;.:,¦ -' '-
s WRAPPER wanted— Young lady about ; 14 o
16 years old; references. Box 88, ¦ Call office
HELP WANTRD—FEM A LB— Con .
A PROMINENT wholesale firmoffera a tem :
¦ porary position to elEfht young women at $1 2o
a day, who can bring us "proof that during
the last term In ' the High School they have
received no less than 90 per cent in deport-
ment, 90 per cent in arithmetic- 95 per cent
¦ in writing. Address, giving full particulars.,
in own handwriting, to E. F.. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
. guaranteed ; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO..
a* : . v C -" sii Market st.
WANTED— Cook and general housework. Ap-
ply S12 Fell st. / '.,
GIRL. for general housework In a small fam-
ily. 2115-Broderick st.
STRONG young girl to assist In general house-
work. 1S08 Larkin st. .
GIRL or ¦ woman* wanted for light housework
and care for 2 children." 728 Ellis st.
WANTED— An apprentice girl for dressmak-
/. ing. 120% Hayes st ,
GERMAN girl for general housework; refer-
ences;. $20. 343 Hayes st.
GIRL for plain cooking and housework; wages
$20. 992 Valencia st. ; bakery.
MIDDLE-AGED lady for housework in small
family; no. children. 1309 Dolores st.
YOUNG girl to learn tailoring; good sewer;
paid while learning. 119 ( Flfth St., second flat.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on vests.
528 Stevenson st. . .
WANTED— Waitress at 139 Sixth st Boston
Restaurant.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking.
Apply 1062 Fulton st.
WANTED— Competent German cook; refer-
ences. Call bet. 4 and 6, 2505 Gough st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and negli-
gee shirts; best prices: steady work. LOW-
ENBERG & CO., 27 Jessie st.
, — — . , : ¦
LADY, as companion; good home, fair pay. for
right party. Call after 2 p. m. at 116 Taylor.
WANTED— Two - experienced waitresses at In-
ternational Hotel, 824 Kearny st ; wages $20
I and found.
WANTED — First-class finishers on custom
pants; steady work. 41H6 Kearny st.
j GOOD cook with references, $25. Call in the
j forenoGn- 4 at 2524 Pine st
NEAT girl, experienced in bakery: no. others
need apply: German preferred. 108 Ninth st.
"WANTED— Young ladies; good hands at dress-
making. 782 Geary sj.
GIRL for light second work. 922 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Dressmaker and apprentice. 764
Howard st. . '
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st.
TAILORESS; a pants finisher wanted. 5%
Kearny st. room 18. top floor. '
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom Ft. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
| Valencia st
! HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main 581S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..'
Ofice Open 7 a. m. to-day
UKIAH
' 150 teamstofrs UKIAH Free
250 laborers ......UKIAH Free
50 men to cut right of way, $2 to $2 50 day; 75
laborers for baliatt and steel gangs
SHIP FREE
To-day, Uklah
SANTA FE I*. R. CO.'S OWN WORK
A car load of laborers, no experience required,
to work on section, steel, ballast and other
gangs; this Is company work at Stockton,
Fresno,- Bakersfleld and Merced divisions
FREE FARE 1: SHIP DAILY
..LABORERS,. MINES, QUARRIES, ETC..
3 single hand miners, north, $73; 6 single hand
miners, $75; 5 miners, $60; drillers. $2 50; tun-
nelmen. $3; laborers. $2 25; 6 muckers, quartz
mine, $60 and found; 10 laborers for mine. $75; j
. 23 laborers for surface work, smelter, $43 and I
found; 12 laborers, gold mine, fara $2*50, $60;
179 men for different quarries. $2 to $2 50 day;
5 drillers and hammermen. $60
10 laborers for bridge company, near city
$40 and found
5 laborers to work on gentleman's grounds
$2 day
5 laborers, Santa Clara County.. $34 and found
5 laborers brickyard. 60c fare.. $30 and found
FARE PAID SEE BOSS HERE
SAWMILL AND LUMBER CO...
10 laborers to pile lumber and work in mills
and yards, no experience required, $37 50 and
! found, fare paid; see boss here
10 laborers to pile lumber in yards. J52 50,
fare paid; 5 handy men with ax. San Mateo
County .....S30 and found
i 15 ; laborers to work in mills, yards and
woods, no experience required.. $35 and found
¦ 2 crosscut sawyers, $45 and found; see boss
here i I
1 FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC...
50 farmers, steady jobs. !
.....$20, $30. $35 and foun.l
27 teamsters, ranch: 18 orchard hands; 12'
milkers and , dairymen..
: 5 men to work on a large ranch, drive teams.
Irrigate, etc. $26 and found
! 27 choremen and choreboys $15, $20, $23, $30
10 men and strong boys to pick and work In
; fruit. Contra Costa County $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
! Boxmaker for a large company $2 day
5 men to work' in dry yards.... $30 and found
Bakery waron driver, city.' $30 and found
; Boy for country store; far>ner and wife. So-
noma County. $10 and found, see boss here; 5
> .laborers, factory. , no strike; stablemen and
buggy washers: deckhand for a dredger. $35
and found: dry goods clerk for a country
; merchandise store; carpenter for a factory.
[ $35 and found; rough carpenter, $35 to $40 and
found •
....HOTEL. BAKERY. BUTCHER DEPT....
Lunch counter man. city: night cook, min-
ing town, $40 and found, fare paid ; cook for
; officers, mining company. $30 and found;
; slaughter-house butcher, $32; third hand ba-
) ker, $35 and found; second cook for a mine,
• $40 and found, fare paid; cook for a boat, $60;
) portei-s, $25 and $20; first and second baker,
country shop 2 • • •
MURRAY «i READY... 634-636 Clay st.
" AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
£9 Third st.near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
UKIAH! UKIAH t
FREE FARE!
* 50 R. R. laborers, Uklah $2 per day
, 50 R. R. teamsters, Ukiah. .$2 to $2 23 per day
: E0 axmen. Ukiah $2 per day
J \ - Free fare to .Fresno, Merced and Bakers-
• 50 shovel ers for Santa Fe R. R.; 50 6ection
. hands for Santa Fe R. R
, Candy, maker, country.... $12 to $15 per week
10 sawmill and woods men $60 per month
1 10 lumber pilers and yard men.' $2 a day
Man and wife, man \to run hoisting engine.
; $2 50 per day. wife to board small crew of
men. _^
•GARDENER and wife. $30; 'farmers and wives,
$43 and 550; man about place. $30 and found;
stableman. $60; farmers, SI day and $25 month
' and found; choreman, $23 and found; chore
boy $10 and found; teamsters, $1 to $3 day
7 and' board; laborers for quarry, $2 day; coal
miners $2 50 day and fare advanced, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
- Sccramento st. - • '
COOK, private boarding-house, $10; night cook,
$1 day; porter for rescrt, $20 and found; cook
3 for saloon, $20; waiters, dishwashers and
r others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
' ' mento st '
A— MAN for cleaning and general work; room-
ing-house; $35 and room. MRS. M. E. DAY
&.CO., 335 Geary st. - ,¦ _: -. ' - -r^V
. A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Night man, $33 and room; 4 bell boys, . $12-$15.
. JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
, Free employment 927 Market st. room 207,
!¦ I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
' WANTED — First-class man for general work
about private residence: one who thoroughly
i understands care and driving of horses;. also
, * care of small garden; : local references re-
\ quired. Box 124. Call office. : .
i WE want one or two Intelligent agents of ex-
1 perience for the new picture, "The 24 Presi-
dents of the U. S." in one group: easy selling,
' .splendid profit. Old No. 718 Ellis st, 8-9 'a.
8 f- m., 5-R n. m.
WANTED— A young man, experienced stenog-
"i .rapher and typewriter (Smith Premier), for
• importing house; references required ;. state
2 age and salary expected. Box 126, Call office.
" WANTED— First-class fur cutter: liberal wages
y ' I to right man. :. ROBERT WALLACE, 219
n Grant ave. .. . ¦ : .'
" "LACQUERER and bronzer for chandelier work.
" Apply superintendent " THOMAS DAY CO.,
725 Mission st. . • '
* WANTED — Cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
kitchen ' help; also experienced restaurant
. i steward; no fee. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Intelligent "boy. x " INGERSON &
GLASER CO.. 121- New. Montgomery st, man-
ufacturers art glass. ¦:'_¦. ,,--¦.-'¦
Z PRESSERS at Californla'Clothing Renovatory,
116 Geary st. . . .
n BOY to learn awning trade;: must be over 17
..¦ ,; years cf age. - 1139 Mission st, . S. F. .
7- EXPERIENCED young man . to help In real
-estate business.- DECKER,' 1020 Market. st.
a ' WANTED^Retall salesman, familiar with gro-
-. ., eery business. . Box 4820, Call office. . •
~r -WANTED— Cash boys; $15 a month. • ROOS
i. ' BROS., 25-37 : Kearny st.
XTc-^A^^N^^oTsrr^TGTary st.
-~ ...Railroad Work
Railroad 'Work • v ....Free Fare
F J*. *"*::::::'*& uKiXH :::::::^- a - da v
• 100 teamsters $2 a day
100* teamsters ;••* "!*... |2 a day
....• — •••'•;
50 masons' helpers • $i 75
..--...-
100 drillers and headers.-—. • ; 3
F>ef f^;::::::::s»^ -¦*"' Fare
Porter for general merchandise store, coun-
try, $50, see party here. farmer 9. $25 and
20 laborers, city. $2 a day, b iar drive r, $45:
iriJ^^Tor^^T^na% S oo,s. $2 a day;
Institution. $60; cook, baker and ««» naryiBanf
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PKJNTED TisTTious^rTo^eTT^n^lor^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. u MontcSLfl';- **
¦ LOST A.\D FOt'Xa
LOST— At Mechanics' PaviliolTIlc^daTT^r
ing. 2 Iadle3" brown box coats. Return a rhi
receive reward at drugstore Ninth anct iin«L
ard sts.; nd questions asked.
LOST— Near Fifteenth and Noe sts.. a~suT7^T
or's notebook stamped "City Property'" £
cover. Finder please return to City Enz'i
eer*s office and receive reward. "
LOST— Diamond locket and 1 link of chahThT
tween VaiencJa-st. station and Twenty-sec"
end st Return to 15 First st, and reoelvi
reward.
LOST— Collie dog, 6 months old; brown anl
' white ring hair around neck; point or tal
white: tag 1203. Suitable reward at ;t Bt-J.
lah st ____^
LOST— Monday evening, envelope contain'ni
money on McAllister st.. bet. Polk and I »,
guna; reward. MRS. FINLEY. 636 Fulton,
LOST— English setter dog. black and gray. wltS
tan legs: license No. 2463; liberal rewar-1. 3
R MOU>iT, 828 Treat ave.
institution, »ou. *™ ¦»••- *
cake, country shop. *0
a fb f e O nb^Vwi?rg y ooTreferences. first-class
c?TU°NlU\ an cog^^Lg!iIIJi
ELEVATOR boy, marine nremen lumber stev-
edores, sailors, nan-union; no tearny Vt.
chanlcs' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny si..
room 24. * ¦ •
1000 MEN wanted-SalioTs", "tevedjjre^ ««««£•
laborers; steady employment; .good w«g£
Lumber Dealers' Association. 209 l^xaminer
building.
~ ~^ * " - •
500 TEAMSTERS; steady employnient; good
wages. Apply Lumber Dealers' Association.
209 Examiner building.
GOOD barber (union) for "Wednesday afternoon,
Saturday and Sunday. 514& Third st.
WANTED— Union barber; young man pre-
ferrea. Corner Thirtieth st. and San Jose ave.
BARBER every afternoon. Saturday, Sunday;
wages $9. 1322 Stockton st.
BARBER wanted; steady work. 433 Pine st.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 62S Fourth st.
WANTED— Office boy for wholesale business;
must have references. Box 4819, Call office.
WANTED— A first-class bootblack; barber
shop. 1531 Polk st. .
WANTED— A man that understands nursery
wcrk and floral business. Call 500 Haight st.
WANTED— An old man for general work. 29
j Stockton st. . •' .
STRONG boy wanted. 321 Noe St., -off Slx-
teenth and Market.
SECOND-HAND bread baker; $50 a month and
board and lodging. 911% Larkin st.
WAITER wanted; $20 per month and found:
apply In kitchen. 1224 Point Lobos ave.
DISHWASHER. , 315 Grant ave.
ELEVATOR boy; living at home; references.
126 Ellis st.
GET your, shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
A GOOD boy to work In planing^ mill. Corner
Market and Dolores sts^ *
STRONG boy to pack extracts; $3 50 per week.
Box 127, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted to do general work.
37 Eddy st
LOST— A ring or Keys containing 2 safe de-
poslt keys; reward. 1749 Sutter st.
PARTY who took bicycle (Royal Limited) from
Call building Saturday night Is known. If r? _
turned immediately no action will be taken.
LOST — In Western Addition, lady's diamond.
duck-shaped scarf pin. Liberal reward upon
return to 222S Washington,st.
FOUND— Camera, at Piedmont Springs. Sun.
day. Owner can have same by applying at
2152 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FOUND— On Van Ness ave., a purse containing
valuables. Call 1225 Bush st.
IT will pay to "Remember"' that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs oM
pel d and silver to make new watch cases.
~~ MATIM3IONIAL.
GEN'TLEMEX wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS^
TO order also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st.;
tel. Bush 421.
~ MEDICAL.
DR O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped: relief in
all cases taken; the most obstinate cas-«
have been relieved by my treatments; fre»
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market st.
RETURNED ....: -••" — • •„
MRS DAVIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will b« pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 1228 Market st
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
.method of treatment; maternity home: homa
'in' confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 537
Market st. corner Sixth: entire upper fiocr.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist- a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market st to
410 O'Farrell st. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS D WTETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farreli »t. n»ar TavW.
MISCELLANEOUS FOB SALE.
BOILERS, ' enemes. ¦ 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOEH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new an I
second band: we always have a large stock ?Z
salcon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits oa
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1013, 1021. KB3
Missirn st. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
PATENTS, ROLLER BEARINGEL
PATENTS. ROLLER BEARING*
WANTED— Porter In barber shep. 6 Market st.
BOOTBLACK, first class, at The Modern. 34
Fourth st. ' j
WANTED— Man in small kitchen. Apply 143
Fifth st.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st.
WANTED— Night cashier. 29 Stockton st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GLASS WORKS STARTS SEPT. 3D.
: BOYS WANTED! «»
Apply ABRAMSON-HEUNISCH GLASS CO.,"
Fifteenth and Folsom sts. . ¦
GENTLEMEN of good address to take sub-
scriptions for a leading publication; nice line
of work: good salary to right person. Ad-
dress R., box 91, Call office.
COACHMAN wanted for city: must be not over
30 years of age. Apply by letter, stating age,
I last employment and salary required without
board, Box 70, Call office.
BARBERS, attention— To let. 953 Howard st,
near Sixth; central location.
Al RENOVATORY pressman ; only young, so-
ber man wanted; good wages. 565 Geary st
BUTCHER boy wanted: wages $S week. Peo-
ple's Market, cor. Sixteenth and Market sts.
MEN and boys to learn to make "shirts; good
pay; steady work. Lowenberg&Co., 27 Jessie.
EXPERIENCED helper on hard candy; steady
work. 33 Main st
WANTED — Dishwasher or man and wife for
same. Apply 13 New Montgomery st.
BARBERS— A four-chair barber shop for sale
cheap at 2809 Greenwich st.
1000 MEN wanted — Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
. near Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. Cal.: apply on
work: steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st., room 25. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information applv at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber t*ade: only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $60 monthly:
special Inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: Jl to $2 per week.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 5S1 Market st
The following Patents are for sale:
United States of America No. Particulars.
400839 of 1893 Roller Bearings
507162 of 1S93 do. (End Thrust)
50904S of 1S93 do. (Road Vehicles)
521397 of 1834 do. (based on British
No. 13368 '93)
557042 of 1SSG do. (1st Cradle)
based on British
No. 9221. '93.
SS39C3 of 1897 Improvements in roller bearings
612472 of 1S98 do. and connected
with Roller Bear
Ings. (Divided a«1
Zig-Zas ca^e).
635S45 of 1S90 Combined Straight Bar and
Pip Bearing.
For full particulars apply to
ROLLER BEARING.
Box eS6. Sells Offices. Fleet at.. London.
Graphophones.- Phonographs. Gramophones. Ji to
$l. r 0; easy terms: children's toy graphophone*
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary
A— BUYS. sell3 or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, wnter pipes, shafting, pulleys.
' etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
REMEMBER, the College Kennels has thor-
oughbred dogs and pups of all descriptions.
115 Haight st. _^
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P. Covey:
1 2V»-H.P.' Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
1901 COLUMBIA. Rambler. Snell. Orient and
other second-hand bicycles cheap: send for
list. LEAVITT & BILL, 3G9 Larkin st.
FINE counter, 60' feet, in fear parts; suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. & M.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery at.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedcra hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits. 110; dres3 pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
PHOTO ba'realn list No. 17 now ready for
. mailing.- 109 Montgomery st.
CHOICE family cow for sale cheap. 3026 San
Bruno road.
ALLIGATOR leather lined grips, $2 50. Misflt
Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton st.
FULL dress suits. $10. Misfit Clothing Parlors
(upstairs). 23 Stockton st. (Suits rented.)
CUSTOM made-'uncalled-for pants. <2 50. Misflt
Clothing Parlors (upstalrs) v 23 Stockton st.
15-HORSEPOWER engine and boiler; good aa
new. 21S Railroad ave.
A LOT c.f oil tanks, all sizes and snapes.
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading tailors.
Misflt Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission at
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry: cash or Install-
ments. Tneo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines an<l
boiler* bought and gold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsoin st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hanit
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
• ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fitlmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements. and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO. haTremoved from
¦ 631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st., with an as
.sortment of sale horses: also livery and boardl
ing; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER
' ¦ H. BRANDENSTEIN!
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market'
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday'
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers!
WANTED for their keep, family horile, har-
ness and carriage; best of care and moderate
use. Address COL. T. WM. DRAPER Mills
building. San Franclico. XJnA *-*'*i. Mills
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. \A M SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore st. S. F. M ' uu
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses: French stock. Box 68. Call office.
FOR sale— Nearly new business: also leather
top-light buggy. 1453 Devlsadero st.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry 1
baker.a. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 823 Harrison.
A BARGAIN In good carrlaee. saddle business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses: 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard, st.
ALL' kinds of wagons, bucples. > carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EG AN &. SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, chea^ 532 Mission.
- . -
MENTAL & "nervous diseases cared for, at San
. Elmo Hospital. 220 Douglass St.. San Fran.
ENGINES nnd boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steei-
llned sj,fe. perfect order. 21S California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pie-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for St.
poptagp paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS."
ART. stamped checks bought: also documen-
tary and proprietary stamps. Room 1003,
Call building.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good3. 154 9th St.: tel. Falawvm 2T.2^.
MONEY TO LOAN. J
AX^lLTNllA^Al^LOAlJ^O^IPANYr^
J3C0.0C0 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property: aecon'l
¦ mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loan*
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT S PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages — . — '.....
Undivided interest In real estate In probate...
Mortgages' and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doine business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
24 MoniKomery st. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner buildin?-
J5.OCO.000 at 6% or less In large sums: loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.: financial
problems of all sorts and sixes. If your prop-
erty la mortpaped and you need more money
gee HERMAN MURPHY. B03 Examiner btdg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, undivided Interests, secu-
- ritles. manufacturing, niercantile and timber
1 Interests: corporation loans. R. IS, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 346 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S63, proper
place to borrow money orv diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market; tel. Black 5471.
J30O-CERTIFICATE Realty Syndicate 10 per
cent discount. For particulars address P. O.
box 47. Berkeley.• . \>* " TUESDAY. Sept S-» p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid". Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113 113}$, Us qr c (new).137 • 138
4a quar reg....ll2 112% 3s quar coup..l08%109
!' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5e.lO6% — Oceanic SS Bs.100 — ,
Cal-st 6s 116% — Omnibus C 6S.131 —
C C Water 5s;. 10734 — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100 ¦ •
Ed L & P 6s...l28%133tt Pk & a H <ta.K» 112%
Fer & Cl R 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s.U7. — .
Geary-st Be — — Powll-st R 6s. — '- —
H C & S 5%s..lO6% — Sac E G R Bs. 95 —
Do Bs — — S F & SJV 56.123 124%
Los Ang R Ss.US — Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
l> A Light 6S.101H — 8 P of A 6s
Do gntd 6S...100 — (1909) 133% —
Do gntd Bs. ..102 — (1910) 113VI —
L A & Pac Ba..l«iH — S P of Q 6a .
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1905). Ser A.109 110
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27%128% (1905), Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m 5s. — 122% (1906) ..112% —
Nev C NG 7s.l05 114 (1912) ...121H122
N R of Cal 6s.ll2 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s ........121H— ,o gntd 6s..... 107 —
Nor Pac C 6a.. 101% — ' S P Br Cal 6s.l3« —
1 Do 5s 105%106% S V Water 68.111*4111%
Nor Cal R Es.-llV — Do 4s 103 103%
Oak Gas 6s 113 — i Do 4s 3d m..l01 —
Do Trans 6s. 119% — Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Do Water 5s.— 103
,WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76% 78 I Port Costa.... 60 63
Marln County. 83 — I Spring Valley. 86 86%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 6 Pac Light — 47 •
•Equitable '4 4% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 5 — S F G & E.... 38 88%
Oakland 51% — Ban Francisco.- 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. — — Stktn G & B-. 8 —
. INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fund. — |
* 'BANKS. - '
Anglo-Cal — 81 L P & A 155 160
California 403%406 Mer Ex (llq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO8 — S F National.. 127%129
First National. 305 312
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1892% — Sav & Loan... — — .
Humboldt — — Security .......275 —
Mutual Sav.... 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 — '
San Francisco. 520 —
STREET- RAILROADS.
California ..J..130 — OS L & H.... 40 — :
Geary — 50 Presidio 35 40
Market 76% 77 ¦
. * POWDER.
Giant 75% 76%|Vlgorlt 4. 4%
Vf ; • SUGAR,
Hana 6 6% Kllauea ....... 12% 13
Hawaiian — BO Makawell 25 27
Honokaa ...... 13 — Onomea 24 —
Hutchlnson ... 15% — Paauhau 13% 13%
_^ % MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska" Pack~.;. 131 — "[Oceanic S Co..~3S ".'-?
Cal Fruit Can. 94 17 Pac Aux F A." 3 —
Cal Wine Asn. — — Pac C Borax.. — —
Mer Ex ..: 110 — JPar Paint .... 16 —
' . ' Mornlnz Session.
Board—
BO Hutchinson S P Co 15 B0
60 Honokaa Co 14 00
15 Oakland Gas 62 00
$3000 Oakland Transit Co 6s A. .120 00
30 Oceanic S S Co 35 50
¦ 90 Oceanic S S Co, s 90 35 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 24 00
50 Paauhau S P CO 13 25
50 Paauhau S P Co 13 50
10 Paauhau S P Co....- 13 87%
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6s 136 00
flOOO S V 4s (2d Mortgage) 103 00
Street— . ..
30 S F Gas & Electric Co.... ........... 39 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— ...
35 Alaska Packers' Assn..... .131 00
60 Honokaa Co 13 60
70 Honokaa Co 13 25
200. Hutchinson S P CO.. .. 15 75
5 Market Street Railway..... 76 75
65 Paauhau S P Co 13 37%
40 Paauhau 8 P Co 13 60
5 S V Water '• 86 50
Street—
50 Paauhau S P Co 13 50
60 Paauhau S P Co 13 37%
$4000 S P of C 63 (1912)..... 12175
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
• - Morning - Session.
' Board—
2 Hanford 118 00
200 Home Oil (cash) S 75
800 Independence .' 11
200 Lion -' 11
300 Monarch of Arizona '.. 33
60 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 50
100 Sovereign 32
60 Twenty-Eight 175
100 West Shore ..., . ..-..3 25
•'¦¦¦." Afternoon Session. i
» Board—
500 California-Standard 23
100 Four ~ -.. 39
600 Four 40
190 Home Oil 3 75
100 Junction 27
1100 Petroleum Center 03
100 Petroleum Center" '. 01
200 Reed Crude • 34
200 Reed Crude .. — ..— . 35
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev..... '8 62%
100 8an Joaquin Oil & Dev.............. 8 75 . •
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev ....'...... 8 87%
100 West Shore 3 25
• : SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning' Session.
>'• Board— . ' ¦ ' ,
BOO Lion - -.• "— -. 11
. 800 Home Oil .................... 8 85 .
1 Hanford :..... 1 ..........117 00
100 Monte Crlsto . 1 85
600 Monarch ...;.".........' ......_....... 27
' MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco, Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session. .
200 Best & Belcher 22 200 Ophir .75
200 Challenge 13 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
400 Con Cal & Va.l 70 300 Silver Hill 30
400 Mexican ....... 20 200 Yellow Jacket.. 14 j
* Afternoon" Session. ¦ i
800 -Best & Belcher 21 100 Ophir 74
200 Challenge 18 300 Savage 06
" 250 Con Cal & Va.l 70 150 Sierra- Nevada. 12
600 Gould & Curry. 10 ¦ 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
400 Mexican ....... 18 500 Union Con OJ,
i Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange, yesterday:
. ; Mornlne Session.
100 Belcher ......... 12 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
200 Gould & Curry. 09 200 Silver Hill .... 32
200 Hale & Norcrs. 17 300 Yellow Jacket.. -14
600 Mexican 20 5U) Yellow Jacket.. .13
500 Mexican 19
¦ : Afternoon Session.
400 Best & Belcher 21 200 Ophir 73
300 Challenge Con. 18 400 Savage 08
300 Con Cal & Va.l 70 200 Sierra Nevada. I 13
200 Gould & Curry. 10 700 Silver Hill 32
200 Mexican ..19 300 Yellow Jacket..l2%
200 Ophir .......:.'. 74 . . ..
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.'
. TUESDAY. Sept. 3— 4 p. m.
' Bld.Ask. , - Bld.Ask.
4.1pha ¦'..;..'.'.:.. 01 03 Tustlce ......... 03 05
Mta — 06 Kentuok-. V — 02
kndes 01 02 Lady .Wash 01 —
Selcher "11 12 Mexican ....... 17 .18
Best & Belcher. 19 20 Occidental C2 03
Bullion.... 01 02 Ophir ............73 74
Caledonia :..... 17 "19 Overman ....... 05 06
Challenge Con. 18 r *19 Potosl ...04 .05
"hollar 04 05 Savage 04 05
Confidence' 70 73 Scorpion r — >04
Con Cal & Va.l 65 1 70 Seg- Belcher...... 02 04
>n Imperial.... — 01 Sierra' Nevada. 12 13
Con New, York. — 01 Silver-Hill 31 32
•>own Point....' 04, . Oo St Louis. ; .06 i-
Cureka Con..... 13 — Standard S 25 : —
Exchequer .'....' — 02 Syndicate ..".... — 08
"iould & Curry. ¦- 08 - 09 Union Con...... 07 08
Hale & Norcra. 16 17 Utah ............ 04 05
Tulla .,— 02 Yellow Jacket.. 12 13
; Our ostrich farms. fere! profitable, i Birds
are worth $100 apiece and a good specimen
yields : about- $25. worth of feathers at a
plucking. . ¦ • . . -
STOCK AXTD BOOT* EXCHANGE.
The following officers have been nominated
by the Producers' Oil Exchange for the annual
election on the 12th: For president, George W.
Ten-ill, incumbent, and William Edwards, now
vice president; for vice president, Charles
Sonntag- and Wilfred Page; for secretary, R.
W. Heath, Incumbent; for treasurer, . Sylvaln
Salomon;* for chairman, Joseph L. King; for
membership committee (seven . to be chosen)—
A. G. Gurnelt. H. A. Marvin, William F.
Belding, C. M. Kllboum, Joshua Epplnger, John
Choice, A. 8. Wollberg. B. D. Pike. J. B. Hill
and Louis Hagan. '¦
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay its
ninety-third dividend of 75 cents on the 12th. :
Semi-annual Interest on the following: bonds
was payable yesterday: Bay Counties Power
Company, S per cent, 1930, amounting to $56,250;
Ferries • and Cliff House Railway, 6 per cent,
1914, amounting to $19,500; Market-street Ifriil
way, first consolidated mortgage, 5 per cent,
1924, amounting to $128,100; •Powell-street Rail
way, 6 per cent, 1912, amounting' to $19,500;
Spring Valley "Water Company, 6 per cent, 1912,
amounting to $149,250; Stockton Gaa and Elec
tric Company, 6 per cent, 1905, amounting to
$9000.
•• The foHowing -were ex-dividend yesterday:
Sacramento Gas and Railway, 15 cents; Hono
kaa Sugar, 15 cents; Oil City Petroleum, %
cent. ¦-. - ¦ ". . ¦ . ¦ -
, The Del Monte Oil Company's assessment at
10 cents fell delinquent yesterday. ¦ - •¦ '
Sales on the Producers' - Oil Exchange last
week were 152,667 shares, valued at $66,506, the
leading sales being as follows: Bear Flag, 1000
shares; California Standard.' 7300; Caribou, 1700;
Four. 2900; Home, 5230; Independence, 1150;
Junction, 10,450; Lion, 6410; Monarch, 3900; Peer
leas. 1320; Petroleum -Center, 89,400; Reed, 6100;
TtventyEight, 1300; Sterling, 4260; Sovereign.
1800. . . , ¦
$35 50, Gaa and Electric at $39, Paauhau at
$13 25@13 50 and Hutchlnson at $15 50. . The oil
stocks were suddenly dull again, and there were
no fluctuations calling- for .comment.
Trading was light at unchanged prices In the
afternoon.* -. ' < .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
Continued From Page Eight.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
11
Good house of 5 rooms, situated near sta-
tion; let 80x100; price $1400; terms same as
rent.
HOME REALTY CO.,
Successors to RUDOLPH, PERKINS &
LYON and J. R. PERKINS. Lortn Station.
Berkeley, Cal. Office east side of track.
New modern 6-room house, near station;
large lot; only $16CO; small payment down,
balance same as rent.
MODERN house, 6 rooms and bath.' pantry, hot
and cold water: brick foundation and wooden
mantel; let 50x135; fine garden; convenient to
• church, schools, station, etc.; price $1850; eaBy
¦terms. ¦ ' . > - ¦•=. ' j -. .. ¦
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated ; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
$3000— DO you want a bargain? Just look at
this: Fine house and lot; house in perfec.
order, containing 6 rooms, together with a
fine corner lot 60x100: street work all done:
only one block from station.- and within 5
minutes of university grounds.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
... . ¦ . Real Estate, Berkeley station.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing;, lowest rates ;phone Mint 45.. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and 6 Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell ets. ; tel. Main 5713. - ¦
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
$3300— NEW 9-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped with window shades, combination
fixtures, gas and electric lighting: corner lot;
street work all done; very accessible to rail-
road and electric cars. ¦
Only $1400 — G-room house, large lot, within
walking distance of university.
JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley station.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion gt.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
HOMES IN .BERKELEY.
$2200— 6-room cottage with large lot; decidedly
a splendid bargain; $1850— 6-room house; terms
very easy ln amount down and monthly pay-
ments; $2700— New* 6-room house, $200 down,' $25
per month: $1650 — New 6-room house; easy
terms ; $2000 — 5-room, nearly new cottage ; no
finer view In Berkeley; $4000— 7-room house; in a
fine neighborhood; splendid bargain: • easy
terms; $2650 — New 6-room house; modern ln
every way; $350 down. $25 per month.
SATOFF & WILLIAMS,
O 2121 Center St.. Berkeley. Cal. 5
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
' all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansoms.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures.. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G'KE^T^ARG\iNS~lN^f?PEWRi : iKRS^W«
i sell better machines for fess money than any
-' house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents for this Property,
$1800— IN Piedmont; modern Eastlake cottage
of 5 large rooms; 2 bay windows, bath, laun-
dry, high basement: lot 50x110 feet; Bunny
side; elevated ground; choice location; right
near the cars; will be sold on monthly pay-
ments if desired. . ¦ -
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
A BEARING fruit ranch; must be a bargain;
buildings no object; no triflers. Send price
& description box 2304, Call office. Oakland.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 33, of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia St., San Francisco, on September 10, 1901.
Transfer books, close Sept. 8, 1901, at noon.
. JULIAN SONNTAG. . Secretary pro tern. ¦-•: •
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co.; room
16, second floor, Mills building, San Fran-
cisco. Sept. 3, 1901— Dividend No. 192 of 42
cents per share on the capital stock of. -the
CONTRA COSTA WATER COMPANY will
be payable at the office of said company,
' room 16, second" floor. Mills building, on Sept.
15, 1901. Transfer books will close on Sept.
9, 1901. at 3 p. m.
r; EDWARD McGARY, ' Secretary.
DLVIDEND NOTICES.
LEGAL ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE,
ROOMS FOR- HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 1101, cor. 9th— 2 or 3 front furnished
rooms; complete for housekeeping; cheap.
_??_ O1VEV To L . OA^~~£°Z?liZL' 1 '' d -
MUNICIPAL Ixian Office. 1C3 Grant ave.. near
Geary et.; rnone Red 1603.
OX roal estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & en furni-
ture or jiiancs without removal: any amount:
loweft ratee. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
Advances life insurance policies: Army and
Navy officers* salaries; accounts of bank books
in liquidation Jwught. Apply S30 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market rt.. room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Slxth'-
hlghes-t price for old gold, silver, diamonds. "
j:5,000 IN trust to lean at 6 per cent- city or
,?"£££„ c t* "} e before eolng elsewhere.
HARPER, 337 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate: lowest rate: no brokeraee-
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister sr. '
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and discounts
S21 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without Pecur-
lty. H1U. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON taTarlPs or waees: no indorser required fi
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan bunding!
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plnn. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldine-
low ra^te. S22 Sansome st_. room 2.
CASH loaned tn salaried people on note without !
tr^o^er. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO "
T£9 Market St..
San Francisco. Cal.
Wp arc going to celebrate our twenty-fifth
enr.iverpary in a short time, and we are go-
lrg to present to the public the finest line
of planar that have ever been shown here.
\\ c tav* on our floors a great many fine in-
WlUineitU that we are eoing to clear off so
as to m^ke room for the goods that are to
arrlvf shortly.
. Come ir and let us show you these fine
rienos and also let us tell you the price.
We wont rut prices in here because we are
Felling these specials so close, but don"t miss
yotjr chance; come and take advantage of this
fh< r;nce.
A BONANZA FOR SNAP HUNTERS.
PIANOS.
1 good ur-rleht, $ZZ; 1 better. $S5.
2 pood grands J1T5 J1S5
E urrig-hts. $1S5. ?135, flSJ. $193, 1198.
Also Conover. Stelnway. Weber. Vose. Curtaz,
DMJker Bros.. Pease. Standard, little used.
ORGANS.
1 6-stop. 539; 1 7-stop. $44.
1 T-stop. S4S; 1 fine like new, $64.
1 2-manual. $75; 1 16-?top. Liszt style.
Mason <t Hamlip. very fine fl50.
EasyjayTrcnts. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrfll st. Chickc-ring Agency.
14.000 sq. feet; Jargost and oldest piano house.
ALL planes purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or bat>y grand piano any time within
S years lrozn date cf purchase, and have full
price ¦ allowed. New upright pianos, {6 per
month: some good pianos eold for $3.51 and
Jo per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
pts.. (an Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth Ft.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
eole agents for famous and oldest Amerlcaa
rnokes. including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Ptelnway. 1185 up; Fischer.
rii-C; Chirkerlns. J16.": 20 others, rents J2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any ttm*
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knebe lit regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to t>uy a piano
from us. KOKLER f CHASE. 30 O'Farreil
Ft. ; established 1ST.0.
PIANOS— Steck. Everett. Harflman. Packard.
Ludwig and others: 20 different factories rer>-
¦ resented: wholesale and retail. THE 'WILEY
1 B. ALLEN CO.. 9"3 Market st. (opp. Mason):
branch etore. Sal Broadway. Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Pohmfr, Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Ham-
ilton and Srielman p;anos to be had new
only at BYRON MAHZY'S. 308. SlO. 312 Post.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
«t your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILFOX'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market St.
HTEINWAY. £3)0; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. J150 uf>. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
GREAT bargain In fine upright grand piano:
owner must leave eltjr. §04 Geary st.
ELEGANT Diaro as gocd as new. standard
make: k sacrifice. Hornung's 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninser. Schubert and Etelnway bargains.
JT5 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE'S
Piano Factory. Market. <14th and Church st§.
LEFT en sale. $35 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 28. 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week— 1400 piano for 1275.
BRUENN. SOS Post Et.
ELEGA NT new upricht pianos for rent. 13 per
ma. ECOTT-CTTRTAZ Piano Co.. 568 Hayes.
EITPKPIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MfLLKR. maker. n»palr«r. 2 Latham place.
G<~*on «erfin<1-hxnd upright for sale cheap.
RTRMTT7.. 16 McAllister ft.
A WEFK'* new* for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
•«sX jsd Tt 'SuiTrem joi j»ddt»JM ni 'eaSBd 91
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
ETORE for rent— 934 Harrison St., suitable for
dressrr-aker or any light business; rent $8.
OIL.
OIL tanks, pecond-hand^ In good order: all
rlref: rhean. H. S. WHITE. SU Mission »*.
PALMISTRY.
Chlrologlcal College — Character reading, diag-
nosing, palmistry, chlrology and graphology
taught; diplomas issued. Suite 451. Parrott big.
fjIRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading: legsona given. €17 Jones ct.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
CR, C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021U Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DB. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
7S4-76S Clay Bt. : see testimonials a£ office.
PERSONAL^
HENRY^MAYEK. the well-known artist tailor
and cutter, has severed his connection with
the HENRY MAYER Tailoring Company. He
is located at the Thurlow block; the eleva-
tor man will direct you to his elegant rooms;
they are "H. H. G. & F"; respectfully so-
llclts friends and patrons. H. MAYER.
REFINED lady of high social standing:, ex-
ceptional buy ness qualifications, desires po-
sition of trust with responsible concern in
this city; highest references, securities or
bonds, any. amount. Address box 125. Call.
IF your hair Is railing or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell St.. and
you will not be disappointed ; this remedy is
• positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts cf the world: call or send for circular.
COMMERCIAL traveler going to Europe, well
known in Germany, desires to represent any
first-class line; commission or salary. Box
37. Call office. ¦_______
DO you write ade? Send address to-day on
vour business stationery for Invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbus,
,
O' 50— SOLID oak bedroom tet; plate mirror.
Solid oak chair; factory price.
12— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1228.
Searey*6 Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light ln every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to fl 60 per night; Jl 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
X\ WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 vp; fine drees suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. «5 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A-THE Electric" Needle Specialist. MRS. L
BARRETT-WILSON. 1023 Market st, perma-
nently removes superfluous hair; free demon-
stration.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
EMILY PETERSON: Write to your brother.
Martin Etlllman, care California Market, San
Francisco. '
LADIES— Get free trial Dlxon's Hair Remover;
permanent. 935 Market; sample mailed 25c.
OBEJ-IT Y cured : no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. ISth and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: ell druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: SI: at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS ::2.;r and mui«< <j«aruyea with
t electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter. st.
C'AILOR-MADE suits. J7 50; dress pants. S2 50.
Mlsnt Clothing Parlor, cor. Buah and Dupont.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J, R. .TF.NKEL. 817 Market -Bt
MASQUERADE oostumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
CHEAPEST *nd best In America— The Weekly
\T'U. 16 rages, sent tn any address in the
r>*M <( M ?,„,„., nr . n B - a<1a on. year fnr M.
PLAATXG AXD TL'RXr.VG ' MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
fcnd Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 35 Fremont st.
EXTENSION of protest— Captain M. C. Holdt,
master of the Hamburg ship "Vasco da
Gama" (R. I. Q. S.), will extend his protest
on Wednesday. September 4, 1901, at 10:30
. o'clock a. m.. at the office of the Imperial
German Consulate ln this city, 313 Sacramento
street. ROSENTHAL.
* Imperial German Consul General.
San Francisco. August 30. 1901.
PROPOSALS.
FOURTEENTH, 216— Large, sunny front room
and kitchen, furnished for housekeeping.
CASTRO, 429, near Seventeenth— 2 . private
housekeeping: furnished complete; lawn:
flowers; no children.
GEARY, 569— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath on floor. ¦
GLEN PARK ave., 5, off Twelfth— Furnished
. room; closet, sunny.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409— Alcove and kitchen
complete; furnished; adults only. ¦
HOWARD. 1058— Room and kitchen for house-
keeping.
HYDE. 408 — Sunny suite, complete for hquse-
keeplng; gas stove; ?16; permanent people
only.
MCALLISTER, 749— Front suite, four con-
necting or less; $12 to $18; modern; phone.
NINTH, 113— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water and bath; reasonable.
OAK, 119— Two sunny parlors, furnished for
housekeeping; yard, range, gas. 2 beds; $18.
POLK, 1002—3 and 6 room suites, . completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SILVER, 165. near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
. rooms for housekeeplnff.
SOLAR FLATS, 625 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
Btyle; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; janitor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
TWENTY-SIXTH, 123% — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms for light housekeeping; quiet
house;" gas; cheap. .
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel ln city; polite attendance;
large rooms, EOc up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to Jl per night; II 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage, depot
quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgomery
Btreet, San Francisco, Cal., August 31, 1901 —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be received
at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.. Tuesday.
September 17. 1901. Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing D. B. cloth, rus-
set calfskin shoes,, hat cords, white mu:!!n
6hirts. linen collars, Berlin gloves, brown cot-
ton stockings, waist belts and trumpet cords.
Quantities to be subject to 20 per cent Increase
If desired by this department. Bids will be
opened for the delivery of the same articles
at either the San Francisco, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia depots. To avoid misunder-
standing as to the exact nature of the articles
to be furnished bidders will carefully examine
the standard samples and specifications, so
that proposals may be submitted by them
with a lull knowledge of what will be re-
quired, as an absolute compliance with the
standards • and specifications will be Insisted
upon in the Inspection of the goods. Unguar-
anteed bids and- bids upon samples differing
from standards and specifications will under
no circumstances % be entertained. Proposals
for less quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids for delivery or Inspection
s'at other points than those named above will
not be considered. Early deliveries are essen-
tial. Bidders must state ln -their propos&ls
the rate and time of delivery should contract
be awarded to them.. Thfe articles advertised
for are the same for which bids will be open-
ed at the other -depots. r Preference- Wilt' be
¦ given to articles of domestic production and
manufacture, conditions of price and quality
being equal (Including in the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
on), and such preference will be given. to arti-
cles of American production and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent
of ! the consumption required by the public
service there. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be ln-
' dorsed "Proposals No. 7998." and addressed to
Major OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U.
6. Army, Depot Quartermaster. .
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors flnd no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 248 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to 13 week. . ¦
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason st.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
- electric lights ln every room, return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1JC4)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin — Front room for 2.
$13: bedroom for 2, $9.
ELLIS, 825— Single and double room; furnished;
bath; gas; reasonable.
FELT*, 26 — 3 partly furnished rooms; running
water; sunny.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137. bet. Van Ness & Franklin— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, en suite or single; .bath.
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Et., near Market — Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
JKSSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4. $5 per month; housekeeping, $9.
LEAVENWORTH. 219-Nicely furnished sunny
parlor; running water; grate; other rooms;
no children.
MARKET, 1013 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
¦RAILWAY TBAVELw f
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Irwktmm Ienv« nml nr* da* to nrrli* Mt
MAN KIUM<I<«IO.
(Main Line. Foot of Mwttt Street) V V r
hats — From Jult 14. 1901. — akbit*
?:OOa Benlcl*, Sulsan, Klmira and Bacre*
menta S:S.1p ,
TiOOa Vftca»ille, Wlctan, Eumsey ?s33r
'. tStt a M artluoz, San iUmon, Vallejo, Nftpa,
CaUatocai.nilSi.nU Uoaa 8:23?
8:OOa D»tIs, Woodland. Knignu Landing.
M&rjr»Tlll8. Oroilile.. 7:33»
•:«•* Atlantio Kxpreu— Ogdon and East 18:23*
M«* Mies, Latnrop. Stockton ' "day
¦<0O* Nlles, Mendota, Hanford. Vlsalli.
PortonHle 4i33»
¦iMa Shasta Express— DmvU. WiUUma(ror
Bartlets Springs). VVUlowi, Sad
' Blufl, Portland... 7i33»
•<¦•*. Ban Joi«, liierraon. Stock ton,
. ¦ • lone. Hseramtuito. PlaoeriUIe.
MarjiTllla, Chico. R«d Klnff 4<S3r
•ir«A Oakdals. Chines* (Yoaemite). 80-
nor*. Carters... „ 4:2.1*
•i«« a Hay ward, NUea and Way Stations.. ¦ 1 «•"* 3 *
9— A Vallejo.... I3li23ir
•t««A Lew Annies Express — Martinet
/ . Traoj. Ltthrop, Stockton. Merced .
Ttmqo and Los Angola* 7:33j
•»»•* Tallelo. Marlines aud WayStattoia 9>33r
1 »i«OA Tho Overland Limited— Ogdan, D«a.
' ter. Omaha. Chicago*. ............ •»M*
tliOOf Saormneuto W»er 8t«*m«r* t 3 '""*
•>S*r Harvard. Nile* and Way BUUoni.. 7:35*
«4««r Benlcta. Winters, flaorameuto,
. Woodland. Kuigbtt Landing,
UarjiTllle, Oroilll* 1«:33*
«•••* Martliie*. Sau Ramon, Vallsjo,
Napa. Ualistoga. Santa Roaa V'SSA
4rO#p Nlles. LlTermore, Stotkton. Lodl... Ift>»3r
4i80rH»yw*rd.Nllea.Saa Joae, Ltormore tS:.i3a
4iSOf Pork Costa. Tracy. Lmihrop, Stockton IOiSSa
SiOvrThe Owl Limited— Fieauo. Tulara.
Bakennald. Hnugua for Santa Bar-
' bara, Loa Angelas SU93A
¦iOvf Martinis. Antioca, Stockton. M«r-
eed. Fresno is.23r
».•"* Tosemit* »2«33»
- 8x»0*. ttew Orlsus Expraaa— Mandota.
Fresno, Bakenflald. Los Angeles.
Darning, El Paao, Naw Orleans
and East 7tS3A
•««•* Hazard, NIlea and Sas Jom 7..13*
«•>••' Vaffcjo .7 II.S34
• ittor Oriental Mali— Ogdeo. Obejtnna,
Omaha, Chicago _.. IStSSr
•>••* Oriental Mall— Ofdes, Deafer.
81 Looia, Chicago. «i83f
' - t »••* Oregou and California Kxpraa*. 8aa-
rameiito, Marjtillls, Ksililliif,
Portland. Pitgak Konnd and Kail StSSA
•••S»8an Pablo, Fort Cost*. MartlnM
and Way Stations 11i*3a
_Jt*t99t Vallafo .."... 7iSa»
COAST LINE CUrrotr (Jang*).
¦ '- - (foot of Market Straal.)
"f7*49A Banta Crux Ezennioa to SanU Cms
and Principal Way Station* ISrQS*
•laSAlTcwark.CanUnflle.HBnJMe.FeltOD.
Boulder Creak.Sauta Onu and Wa*
Station* v - ••»•»
«•*¦¦» Newark CauterTlU*. San Joia, »3W
Ahaadan, Folton, Kouldor Creek.
OanU Cnu and Principal War
Button* 1«i3«a
«i13f Nawark. San Joaa. Loa Gatoa fSi-io*.
<«il3fOIenwood.Booldgr Creek. 8»nt»Cnt» «»iS«a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
hn 111 IUICISCQ— f*»i af Niixit Strut (Slip D—
17:15 . 9:00 ¦ ll:00i.M. 1:03 1:09 l:\ir.*.
frwiOUUiD— 'Ml tf BiM<t*ij.— trt:00 18:00 t».OJ
I0:OOa.li. 18:09 8:00 4:00 r.11.
COAST LINE (Rroad flange).
, ¦ (Third and Towntend Sta.) V^ - . „'
•«I«A Ban Joaa and Way Station*.. ........ ••!*•«,
;7:6O» Ban Jom ami Wa» SUliona... liHoy
7i«M»A Ntw Almadon /«ilO»
f7sSwA Sunday Ezoorifon for Sao Jots,
Santa Cnu, Padfio Orora and
'• Principal Way Stations JS.M»
MtlBtn Jdm.* Holli»t4 Hauls Crnm. -.':.
Paclito OroT*. tiailnaa, 8a» LoJ»
Oblrpo, Banta Barbara and Pria.
dpal InUrmedUta Mutton* 7iSOv
, 1«iSOa Ban Joae and Way Stations......... CtSOr
IliSOA Bail Joaa aud Way SUtlona S««O»
4St«B» San Mateo. Kedwoo.1. M<-ola Park.
Palo Alto. Baata Olara, Han Joaa,
, EolUttmr. Santa Cnu. Salinas,
Monterey ami Paelflo drove U 0:434
ttlOr Ban Joaa. Tra* Pinos, Santa Cnu,
Padfio Orare and Way StaMona «:1»*
f4ll Br San J«asau<t Principal Way Station* Ds-aSa
t3i«vr Ban Joaa, Loa Gatoa and Principal
Way Station* lOiOO*
SiBOp C'*n Jote aud Principal Way Station* 8:33*
•iOOr Redwood, Han Jose, GDroy. Sallnaa,
Santa Barbara. Lm Angalea 10:03a
0i3Op San Joae and Way acatlous +»:«»*
«lli«3p San Joaaaud Way Stations 7;30r
A for Morning. P for A f ternooa.
t Sunday eicepted. JSundar only.
• Saturday only. « Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH .PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, foot or Mariist St,
San Francisco Ij tia.-i Kaiuai. ..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:0O. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
S:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. rn. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:JO
and 11:30 p. m. * .
SUNDAYS— 8:00, »:30. 11:00 a-m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to Sun Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.'
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
-and 6:35 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS-8:1O. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:03, 6:25 p. m. **
Leava 1 In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. I April 28. 1901.1 San Franciaco.
Week 1 Sun- I | Sun- | Week
. Days. ( dayi | Destination. . days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 13:40 am 8.40 am,
1:30 pml 9:30 am Fetaluma. fi:0S pm 10:25 am
5:10 pmi 5:00 pm Santa. Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, • 1 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
Lytton. . <
Geysesrvllle, ( ,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am'
3:30 pmj 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| S:20 pm
7:30 am 110:40 am 10:25 ara
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
' 1:30 pm 6:00 pm C:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am] Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and , ¦
E:10 pm 6:00 pml Glen Ellen, f 8:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
1:30 pmf 6:00 pmf Sebaitopol. | 7:35 pm| f:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Springs and "White Sulnrrar Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for liytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Spring: at Cloverdala
for . the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at TJklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Bpringa. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. «*Vltter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierleys, Bucksell's.
Banhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags. West-
port. TJsal. Willlts, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olaen's. Dyer. Scotia,
and Eureka.
Saturday, to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates,
On Sundays round-trlj tickets to all points
beyend San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street, ChronJcl*
building;.
H. C. WHITINO. .• H. 3CRTAN. '
Gen. Mannayer. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local Llm'd Ovrl'd I Local"
Dally • Dally Dally
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:Jfl p
Ar. Btockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 3:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ..t..../\
" Vlsalla... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a,
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 8:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning', p for afternoon.
! *9 a. rh. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leavlnir Monday and Thursday only, .
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. , «
4:20 p. m.- Is Stockton. and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
8:00 p. m. fa the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding . train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally.
' 7:20. a. m.!s Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a: m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in 'Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
lanfl. -
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
TU BasMOta rarry— fart af Kartot ».
in«f at* Hul*. . . »¦««•« a»w • nmm.
Eg" .....WEBK DATS..... < Ig;*
8:00 A. JO f 12:15 P. M.
; 9*0 A.M. . USf.lC
, U30A.M.I' BDOTATi........ iiOr.M.
i 1^0 P.M. 5:50 r. K.
I 230 F. M.J ' 7:11) P.M.
i r»n.Saarnaa1aia la »nstft aadfetsrn. 81«a
i Ticket Offices. <a Market St,. at SaoBalito Perry,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAKMX ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of 1'rlvuto
Diseases, Lost Manbood. Debility or
dlnrase wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cureswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnre«a«aranlf*d. Call or writ*
Dp. jr. JF. OIBBOJX. baa Francisco. Cal. _
MARKET, 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms; for
transient; for travelers; baths.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.: single rooms, $10 up.
MARKET, 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
William J. Pritchet, 22, 164A Clementina
street, and Lillian Moore.- 20, 164A Clementina.
Thomas B. Redfield, 31, Sanger, Cal., and
Lillian R. Turner, 28, city.
Charles J. Phipps, 24, 174 Perry street, and
Jessie L. Duff, 21, 414 Third street.
Paul J. Driton. 34, 1430 Corbett road, and
Martha , Yallop, 27, 1309 Larkin street.
Edmund P. Dole, 21, Honolulu, T. H., and
Eleanor E. Gallagher, 21, city.
Charles Weaver, 40, 559 Waller street, and
Florence B. Golding, 21, Salt Lake City.
William Dyson. 37, $% Stockton place, and
Melissa Callaway, 37, Ottawa, Kans. .
Roffer S. Klttrick, 35, Orovllle, . Cal., and
Gertrude Smith, 21, Orovllle, Cal.
Charles A. Hoyt, 43, Los Angeles, and Clare
E. Gamage, 26, Los Angeles.
Raymond Sullivan, 21, 425 Shrader street,
and Grace C. McCloskey, 18, 114 Lyon street.
Robert W. Foster, 24, 421 Hyde street, and
Ella V. McDermott, 23, 1614 Jones street.
Charles H. Harger, 29, 163 Corbett avenue,
and Edith Price, 22, 7% Alemany street.
James M. Murray, 25, 1651 Devlsadero street,
and Mae F. Gardener, 25, 2703 Bush street.
Daniel K. Cunningham, 30, 134 Ash avenue,
and Maggie E. Fahy, 25, 329 Tenth street.
, Emlle H. Letroadec, 24. 2146 Market street,
and May M. Bradbury, 24, 517H Capp street.
•William C. Bemiss,' 25. 410 Post street, and
Gertrude Simons, 23, 1805 Flllmore street.
Harry Eugene, 25, 1414 Kearny street, and
Beatrice M. Grondona, 16, 617 Lombard street.
John P. Wallace. 38, Potrero, and Mary T.
Rowan, 34. Potrero.
- Robert Barker, 22, 818 O'Farrell street, and
Catherina Gorman, 20, 148 Sixth street. /
Eugene H. Lowe, 28, Knights Ferry, ' Cal.,
and Glenora A. Haslam, 26, Knights Ferry,
Cal. • ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .' ¦ , : •¦•¦' ¦'
Henry Stulz, 27, 928 . Greenwich street, and
Emma Chodrich, 19. 815 Chestnut street.
Charles Ri Frazer, . 89, 491 Fell street, and
Maria M. Abbey, 39, 491 Fell street. ' •
George E. Hessler, 25, 1250 Union street, and
May C. McCarthy, 22, 1231 Sacramento street.
Burton F. Hulings, 80, 2405 Buchanan street,
and Dora M. G. Calder, 21, Orangevale. ¦ > -
Edward L. Kinsley, 36, 1434 Broadway, and
Mary Noon, 28. 18 White street.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday r' .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
MASON, 107 — Nicely furnished rooms, en suite
or single; $1 50 per week up.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly? furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOli SALE.
E Asf6NrELDRIDGE~&^O.7" '""
638 MARKET ST.
•
TUESDAY ...^.^'....SEPT. 10. 1901
at 12 o'clock noon,
at our salesroom. 63S Market st.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
„ H DENCE.
North side (No. 1571) Futton St.. 96:10% feet
east of Lyon, an elegant modern residence. 9
rooms, basement and attic; . four beautiful
mantels, porcelain tub; open sanitary plumb-
1 Ei I 11 ln eood condition: built by days'
labor by the present owner, a builder for his
°. wn nor=e; |37E0 can remain on mortgage; lot
'; MISSION INVESTMENT.
__North side (Ncs. 3116-3118-3120-3122) 23d St..
<<:6 feet west of Folsom, store and three
rooms and three flats, 5-4-4 rooms and bath.
Modern and well built; rents $804 per annum;
could be easily increased; sunny side of street;
lot 45xC5 feet.
; ' '• '. ' MISSION RESIDENCE.
* North side (No. 3S06) 22d st. 65 feet west of
•Noe. handsome, sunny, • well-built house of 9
rooms and porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing;
fine mantels and modern in every detail; only
one block from Castro st. cars; lot 25x101:6
feet. ;-;¦:• .•
POWELL STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East Elde (No. 101S) Powell St., 83 feet south
of Washington, three-story house. 10 rooms;
rents $20 per month; numerous sales ln this
neighborhood testify to the rapid Increase in
valuation of this property; lot 23x60 feet.
MISSION IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North side (Nos. 3364-3366-3368-3370) 19th St.,
122:6 feet east of Mission, three-story house of
12 rooms and two flats of 4-5 rooms and bath
each: senny side of street; rents $660 per an-
num; la 50x60 feet.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
North side of Chestnut St.. 124:3 feet west of
Van Ness ave., and south side of Francisco St.,
12»:3 feet west of Van Ness ave., 10 lots, 27:6x
137 :C feet each. These lots are all graded and
ready for building, only a short distance from
Van Ness ave and Lombard st boulevards and
Black Point Reservation. Beautiful marine
view. High-class flats and residences only are
being built In this locality.
SOUTH OF GOLDEN GATE PARK.
West side of 44th ave., 290 feet south of J
st., near the ocean boulevard and park. Prop-
erty ln this vicinity Is being rapidly Improved
and there will be a wonderful advancement ln
values in the near future; 25x100.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East side of Hampshire st. (No. 821), 219 feet
south of 20th, good cottage of 4 rooms and high
basement; rents $12 per month; lot 25x100 feet.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE CORNER LOT.
Southwest corner of Golden Gate ave and
Baker St., fine large corner lot, level and ready
for building. Handsome site for stores and
flats. In a location where good rents could
be obtained. Lot 37:6x96:10.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
West side (No. 2763) Octavia St., 75 feet south
of Union, handsome sunny cottage, 6 rooms
and basement. Well built and in first-class
condition. Choice neighborhood and conveni-
ent to car lines. Lot 31x72 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,«
638 Market st
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
NORTHEAST CORNER OF LEAVKNWORTH
ST. A FULL 50-VARA.
$38,000— Five houses on Leavenworth st. and two
houses on cross street; ln a rapidly
growing portion of the city; magnificent
location for modern flats;' present old
Improvements pays $3120 per annum,
CALIFORNIA-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$35.000 — Three two-story and basement resi-
dences of .10-11-12 rooms and bath each
on the north side of California st, near
Polk, which at a small expense could
be remodeled Into flats and would pay
handsomely; large lot 75:6x137:6 with
\ an L;. rents $2352 per annum.
HAIGHT-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY,
SOUTHEAST CORNER.
$26,000 — Six elegant modern fiats and two
stores only three years old; always
rented; fine neighborhood; rents $2230
per annum.
HYDE-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$20,000— A fine corner 137:6x77 feet In a good lo-
cation; flats and houses at the pres-
ent time bringing In- $1524 per annum;
modern Improvements would pay hand-
somely.
A MISSION HOME.
$5,000 — A beautiful home in the heart of the
Mission warm belt; new sanitary
plumbing, porcelain tub and up to date
In every particular; lot 25x114 feet/
INVESTMENTS. ..-.,.-
$9,500— Clementina, near Second st.; rents $1236
per annum; lot 50x80 feet.
$5,200 — Shipley st., near Fourth; rents $672 per
annum; lot 41:2x69 feet.
|8,000— Church St., near Twenty-eighth; rents
$S78 per annum; lot 51x100 feet,
MORRIS AVE.. NEAR HARRISON ST.
$4,900 — Rents $732 per annum; lot DOxSO feet.
LANGTON ST.. NEAR HOWARD.
$3,500— Rents $468 per annum; lot 25x80 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
Opposite Kearny St.,
Real Estate Agents.
$175,000— Market st-. near Sixth; 50-foot front-
age; fine brick building; rents $755.
$100,000— Corner; 275x137:6: splendid Improve-
ments; Market st; rents $361; fine building.
$51,000— Sixth st. corner; 1% blocks from
Market Bt. ; rents $32S; fine building.
$55,000— One-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodging-houses; rent $260 net.
$42,000— Sutter-st. corner, east of Jones St.;
3 frontages; 3 stores and lodging-house; 80 feet
front.
$10,000 — Sansome-st. corner; lot 70x130 feet;
rents about $250; want offer.
$40,000— Devisadero-st. business corner; two
stores and seven flats; rents $305.
$37,500— Ellis Bt, close to Taylor; new build-
ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $2800.
$35,000— Mission st, near Fourth; fine brick
building; one tenant; rent $250.
$24,000— Cash invested in real estate ! vicinity
Alhambra Theater; will pay 12 per cent net;
rents $230; one tenant.
$17.500— Main st., near Mission; cheapest buy
ln this choice district.
$15,000— New Paclflc-ave.' flats; unobstructed
marine view; 30 ft frontage; rents $145.
f 15, 000 — Sansorae-Et. corner; wholesale dis-
trict; 33 feet frontage; rents $110.
$7500 — Four new flats; rents $72; bon ton dls-
•trict; residence within 130 feet Just sold for
$12,500.
$5800 — Corner; S.W. cor. Vallejo and Pierce
6ts. : 45x112; cheapest corner lot on Pacific
Heights.
$4350— Two flats, only one-half block from
Market St.; rents $40; cost $7500. ¦
I"r.00 — A rare buy; 8-room house and lot, one
block from Market and Fifth sts.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and in
Richmond, rorth of Park, and Mission and
Horner'B Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUNN. 530 California st, 8. F. Sav-
ings Union building.
OWNERS of property on Valencia, Guerrero
or Mission sts. who wish to sell call on W.
J. GUNN, 530 California st ¦:-. -.'• S.-2S
SIX, seven and eight room cottages; also two
fiat houses ln block between 17th, 18th, Castro
and Noe sts.: U cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st cars. F. NKL-
EON. builder. . -__
IF you want to sell your real estate, city or
country, bring It to
THE .PHELPS-LEWIS CO.. „
- ... 702 Market St.. S. F.
BUSH, 1225— Nice large residence; could be turned
into flats; very sunny; 30x137:6; call and see.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
SPECIAL bargain — 160 acres land, near Yuba
City. Sutter County, short distance from
Marysville; all rich valley land, under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced: this land will be eold ln whole or ln
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; 6hort distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County; will be sold In
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated ln the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call office,
_ for information a bargain will be given.
_; FOR SALE NEAR S AN ' FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st, for pam-
phlets or information. "•'
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
• free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or. Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. '
ALAMEDA; ADVERTISEMENTS.'
ALAMEDA REAL RSTATB.
LOOK— For sale; house and lot, 7 rooms, bath;
2 blocks from Park st. ln Alameda: a bar-
gain: must be sold at once. Key at 815 Wash-
lngton st, Oakland, owner. » ,
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; U cash. Bank of Ala.
OCTAVIA. 140S, cor. . Geary— BE. cor. for 2,
Welsbach;for 1. $9; for 2, $1L
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 332— Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, fn suite and single; {10 up; bath; ref.
BORfr.
BRUNINGS-In this city, July 6, 1901, to tha
wife of J. H. Brunlngs, a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name I and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. . ;
BIRTHS-MAREMES-DEATH&
O'FARRELL, 776 — Large sunny bay-window
parlor; also large double room.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $160; week,, $2. to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Vereln Hall, 323 Turk street, where ser-
vices will be held, under the auspices of the
San Francisco Turn Vereln. Remains at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137" Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Cre-
mation at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SWIFT— In this city, September 2, 1901, George
H., beloved husband of Nellie Swift, and
' father of George Swift Jr., son of Eliza
and the late James Swift, and . brother of
' James F.' Swift and Emma Sulsbenc and
Frank M. Swift, a native of Marln County,
Cal.', aged 39 years 3 months and 13 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday, at 8:30 o'clock, from 720 Golden
Gate avenue, thence to St. Ignatius Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing: at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
¦ Pleape omit flowers. - - m
THRASHER— In this city, August 27, 1901,
Luther Thrasher, beloved son of L. A. and
¦Amanda Thrasher, and brother of Sarah
Thrasher, a native of Kansas, aged 26 years
, 1 month and 1 day. -
. (tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Paciflo Undertakers, ' 777 Mission
street, thence • to Masonic 1 Temple for ser-
cl6e, commencing; ' at 2 o'clock.
TIVEY— In the City and County Hospital,
September 2, 1901. Dora Tivey.
"WANDEL— In this city, September 8, 1901, Mrs.
Rosina Wande!, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. A. Bahlmann, Mrs. G. Buck and Henry.
¦Wandel, a native of Germany, aged 74 years
" and 8 days. ¦ ,'
inTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. A. Bahlmann, 6
Lapldge ¦ street, between Valencia and Guer-
rero. Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. -
WOLTER— In' Salt Lake City, Utah, August
81. 1901. on train en route from Chicago.
Mary - Wolter. : wife of H. A. .Wolter, and
mcther of Herman. . Frank, Henry, Edward
and Tillie Wolter, a native of Germany, aged
60 years 1 month and 13 days. ; A member of
the Third Order of St. Francis and Altar
Society. • - ' *-
¦ (CrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1137 San Bruno avenue, thence to St.
Anthony's Church. Army street, near Fol-
som ' where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose . of her soul,
commencing at' 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
1 Cross Cemetery. '¦"'.- . -¦ . ' . . •=
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
, (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1820 Pine ' street. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. - ...
SIESS— In this city, September 3, 1901, George
Sless, beloved brother of Jacob and Phllipp
Sless of San Francisco; Henry Sless of Peta-
luma, Mrs. E. Zange of St. Helena, Mrs.
Elizabeth Fllehmann and John Sless of Ger-
many and Mra. Charles Haas of Brooklyn,
N. Y,. a native of Rhelnofalz, Germany,
aged 61 years 7 months and 19 days. A
member of Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O.
U. W.
(C?"Notlce of funeral hereafter. (
SCHIFF— In this city, September 2. 1901, De
Gustav Schlff, beloved husband of Henrietta
Schiff, and father of Mrs. B. D. Pike and
Ben, Ed and Max Schlff, a native of Llppe-
Detmold, -Germany, aged 68 years and 12
days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday),: at 10 o'clock, from N. S. G.
W. Hall. 414 Mason ¦ street, where the serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Cali-
fornia Parlor No. 1, N. S. G. W. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor Dlerks; 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery by carriage.
MESSINI— In this city, September 3, 1901,
Theresa Messini, dearly beloved wife of
Frank Messini, mother of Edward Messini,
; beloved daughter of Mrs. Mary Demartlni
and the late Joseph Demartlni, and sister of
Mrs. M. Sllva, Mrs. Charles H. Rossback
and Manuel Demartlni and the late Paul
Demartini, a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years 11 months and 2 days.
ItfyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resl-
• dence of her mother, 1601 Dupont street.
Notice — A solemn requiem high mass will
. be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church, corner
Dupont and Filbert streets, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery. . .-¦'••. . ; .-¦ -¦.>¦',
PARIS— In this city. September 8. 1901, Victor
I J. A.' Paris, dearly beloved son of Victor
and Madeleine Paris, and dearly beloved
brother of Madeleine -M. and Leon. C. Paris,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 11
months and 3 days.
CT Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend- the j funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from St. Vin-
cent's Church, Vallejo. Remains will be for-_
-warded to-day from the parlors ot Carew &:
English, 29 Van Ness avenue, on the steamer
•Monticello at 9:45 a. m. Interment St. Vin-
cent's Cemetery, Vallfijo. ¦ . • .
ELIAS— In Modesto, September. 2, 1901, Jenny,
beloved wife of Philip Ellas, mother of 8. P.
Ellas, Mrs. L. Harris and Ernestine, Therese,
: Berta and Clara Ellas, daughter of the late
D. Plato, and sister of G. D. Plato, a native
, of New York City, aged -B2 years 6 months
and 7 days. -...., • -.
C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend; the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), . at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, 1409 Webster street.
between O'Farrell and Geary, thence by 11:30
o'clock train at Third and Townsend streets.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
ERICKSON— In this city. September -1, 1901.
Carl Oscar Erickson. a native of Sweden,
aged 52 yean 7 months and 24 days.
\ ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
% fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Pythian
Castle, 909 Market street, under the auspices
of the Swedish Society. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
'.. Powell street, near Post. .
EVERSON— In this city, Evelyn, dearly be-
loved daughter of Elizabeth and William
Everson, and sister of Charles, Jennie and
William Everson,. a native of San Francisco,
' aged 4 years 3 months and 10 days. . ¦
icyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
, (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the .resi-
dence of her parents, 230 Francisco street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GARDNER— In this city, : Seotember 8, 1901.
Annie, dearly beloved daughter of William
and Annie Gardner, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 months and 28 days.
GRAM— In this city. September 3. 1901. Neils
' T.. beloved husband of . Catherine Gram, and
father of Harold, Leo, • Arthur ¦ and Victor
Gram, a native of Denmark, aged E2 years.
HECHT— In this city, September 3, 1901,
Emanuel, beloved husband of Augusta Hecht,
and father of Jacob and Julius Hecht. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 48 years and 9 days.
HOFLING— In Haywards, September 2, 1901.
Fannie M., beloved wife of Frank J. Hofling,
and mother of Katie, Frankle and Alma
Hofling, a native of Philadelnhia, aged 31
years 7 months and 23 days. • ; . .
" E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at her
late residence. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland. ,,*-* .
KINCAID— in Fruitvale. - Alameda County.
September 2, 1901, William Rodger Klncald,
son of W. R. and Minnie Kincaid, a native
of Oakland, aged 15 years 11 months and 14
days. ' . ¦¦'..-"¦¦ >
ifyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at Union-
: street Presbyterian Church, Union street,. be-
tween ElKhth and Tenth. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
LINDENBAUM— In this city, September 2,
¦ 1901, Philip . Lindenbaum, . beloved brother of
Nathan and 'Abraham /Lindenbaum. a native
of San Francisco, aged 40 years 4 months and
. 20 days.
GEO. M. KELLY. Secretary. : «-:
COUGHLAN— In this city, September 2, 1901,
Hanora Coucrhlan, beloved . wife of the late
John Couehlan, a native of the parish of
Kilbrickle, County Galway, Ireland, aged 95
years.- ; ' •
James A. and Jeremiah L. Commerford, a
native of San Francisco, aged 26 years. •
C^Friends and , acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1331% California street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, on Van Ness avenue,
; between O'Farrell and Geary streets, where
a ; solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
- brated for the . repose of his ¦ soul, commen-
" clng at 8 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
¦ Cemetery. ¦ . .
SAN FRANCISCO Council No. 7. Young
Men's Institute.— Members are hereby noti-
fied to meet at .13311/4 California street, to-
day (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our lats
brother, ' Michael F. Commerford. ¦ By order
of - . ; S. A. WHITE, President.
DEAN— WHALLEY-In this city, August 81,
1891, at Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, by
the Rev. John Stephens, Benjamin S. Dean
¦ and Etta'. Whalley; both of San Francisco.,
KELLY — DEVANY— In Oakland.' September ; 3,
1901, by the Rev. Father Kull. Charles Kelly
and Annie Devany. .- ; '
MOONEY— LAINGOR— In this city, August 25,
'. 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. J. M.
Mooney and Susan Lalngor. : »
MARRIED.
EHOTWELL, 121. near Sixteenth— Furnished
front room. $3 60 per month.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
'. near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.; - opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. . ;
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny dean suites and
. single rms. ; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
SUTTER, 309 — Changed hands; rooms, from
$1 60 up per week. ¦
TENTH, 123, near Market— Large sunny front
. room; closet, stove; $9 month. . . ..
THE BERLIN. • 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient. : - * -
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
i, ' San ¦ Mateo ; County. \
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
, J. HENDERSON, 1 Manager.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
ROOMS AND BOARD.
., .- . ! 7Vle>.rt.l/O"V. 1 dfc CO.V; ; .-?
FUNERAL DIRECTORS . & EMBALMERS.
1239 Market St.,. between 8th and 9th. ;
. , Telephone South 247. ,._;...' '
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco,
No Connection With Any Other House. •-
rene McGinn. ¦¦::- McGINN BROS.
Funeral --Directors and Embalmers,
GIVE us a chance to make you a comfortable
and cheerful home (room and board ln Amer-
3 lean family) at Swarthmore . Hall,' 570 Harrl-
Ron et.. Rincon Hill, near business center,' for
$3,' $3 50, $4, $5 per week; fetter price for fine
sunny front room for man • and wife or two
ladles; rooms without board $1 per week up.
Call at once. . - ¦' . -
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special, rates to tourists. J
California. 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
VAN . NESS, 619— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., . sunny suites; best table board. ¦-
THE -, Crocker,' '915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
' rooms, single and en suite: beautiful crounds.
.- - Samuel '¦ McFadden. 18 years manager > for
the 1 United: Undertakers" Association: M.
J. . McBrearty,~ with > the • same company, for
10 years; P. F. • Green, , late- with J. v C.
O'Connor & Co.."- have opened -new, Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street,' between Sev-
enth ¦ and - Eighth.' ; Telephone South 44.' '¦:' '*
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS;
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral - to-morrow
i (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, I corner . Post and Montgomery streets,
where services will be held; under the aus-
1 pices of ! Occidental Lodge No. 22, F. and A.
:'.M. : Cremation I. O.O. F. .Cemetery. . Kindly
: omit flowers. ". ' ;' - . , •
CAVAGNARO—In this city, ' Rosa Cavagnaroi
-dearly beloved wife of the late Antonio Cav-
. agnaro, and ¦ mother of i Lena, : Alblna. ' Clara;
•Katie ¦ and ¦ Albert . Cavaisnaro and 'the' late
. ' Amelia McLauKhlin and • Glusepplna ' Cavag-
naro. ¦ a native ; of Italy, . aged 44 years.
COMMERFORD— In this ' city, ,. September * 1."
r 1901, J Michael • F.*, ' beloved son ' of y Catherine
Commerford - and • the " late • Patrick . Commer-
¦ ' ford. , and • brother of . Mollie ¦ A.. . John ¦ J..
BUCK— In this city, at his residence, 1917 Oak
Btreet, " Silas M.Buck, beloved husband of
Jeunle ¦ G. • Buck, and father ; of Lurllne L.
Buck,* a native of Monson, . Me., aged 72 years
7 months and 8 days. -.:¦¦¦ ¦¦ .-.
DIED.
Buck, Silal M. Klncald. William R.
Cavagnaro, Rosa - - Lindenbaum. Philip
Commerford, . Michael Mepslni. Theresa .
Couehlan,' Hanora • .Paris, Victor J. A.
Ellas, Jenny Schlff, De Guatav ,
Krickson, Carl O. , Bless, George
Everson, 'Evelyn '' Swift,' George H.
Gardner, Annie . Thrasher, Luther . '
Gram, Nells T. ,' ; ; Tlvey, 'Dora -
Hecht, '¦ Emanuel Wandel, Mra. -Rosina
Hofling, Fannie M. .Wolter, Mary .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BAD -tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10, tel. 5580.
SWISS .Relief Society, 414 Pine St.— 4, 9, 37, 3S,
40. 51, 60, 70, 102, 109, 190. 210, 22L 249, 316, 322,
324, 380, 384, 401, 441, 455, 470, 480, 485, 513, 526,
5S8.- 673, 675, 702, '722, 740,. 750, 766, 783, 786,. 814,
822. S32, 83S, 922, 939, 954, 957, 959, 982, 1020, 1026,
1075, 1098,' 1126, 1130, 1160. 1163, 1172, 1182, 1192,
1235 1241, 1277, 1278, 1296, 1304, 1331, 1336, 1392,
1339, 1403, 1428, 1442, 1471, , 1484) 1519, 1525, . 1552,
1556, 1564, 1573, 1574, 1581, 1586, 1588. 1632, 1636,
1645, 1647, : 1653, 16fi6, .1675. • 1681. 1690, 1824, 1827,
1S41 18C8, 1872, 18S8, 1904, 1911, 1912, . 1926. 2032,
- 2047, 2066 2098, 2113, 2124, 2179, 1 2201, 2220, 2254,
" 2274, 2313, 2385, 2400, 2432, 2473, 2521. 2530, ¦ 2538,
2549, 2553, 2571, 2599, 2608, 2665, 2668, 2677, '2690,
2699, 2702, 2708, 2720. 2726, 2779, 2780, 2788,-2806,
¦2828,-2831, 2841, 2867, 2909, 2966, 3104, 3120. 3166,
' 3174, 3186, 3202, 3231, 3249, 3256, 3264, 3285.
SPECIAL NOTICES.THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1901.
The Supreme Court dismissed the case
of the city cf Oakland against Judge
Hart yesterday. The City Council at
tcaapted to fix water rates and was en
joined from so doing pending a decision
of the court. Appeal was taken, but as
the Council affected has retired from of
fice a. deefsion would have been produc
tive of no important results. .
Water Bate Case Dismissed. '
PROBABLY the largest audience
of .the Central Theater's history
R-athered last night to see the
Tong promised Biblical drama, "A
Voice From the Wilderness," and
to judge by. its reception of the play "A
Voice From the Wilderness" will forever
more remain a first favorite with melo
dramatic audiences. . For it is a melo
drama, pure and simple, with any num
ber of strong situations, mostly conse
quent upon the Interpolated incident of
the passion of Herodias for John the Bap
tist. Its author, .' Edward Eisner, com
! pares his treatment of the story with Sar
i dou's method of handling themes, but he
has out-Sardoued Sardou with a tor
ture scene that takes place before the
audience, when John the Baptist is bound
to the wheel and afterward released with
bleeding hands held to heaven for help!
However, the audience seemed to like it,
C. K. Rosenberg, secretary of the
Hicks-Judd Company stated that the
placed had been closed at 5:30 p. m. He
could not imagine how the fire started.
He dissipated the belief that it was
caused by electric wires by saying that
tbe electric power had been turned off
an hour before the fire was discovered.
He also said there was a stringent rule
against smoking in the building. Mr. Ro
senberg estimated the value of the plant
and stock to be 5150,000. He' said the
company carried $70,0)0 insurance in va
rious companies and that 160 people would
be thrown cut of- employment.
The building is called the Sacramento
block. It is owned by the Regents of tne
University of California. The first floor
Is occupied by the Crane Company, deal
ers in wrought iron pipe, steam fitters'
and plumbers' supplies. It suffered a
slight loss by water. The second, third
and fourth floors were used by the Hicks-
Judd Company. The fire was confined to
the third and fourth stories, but the
6tock en the first floor was ruine.l by
water. Fortunately for the company the
building was divided by a firewall. This
prevented the fire from breaking through
to the adjoining plant, though consid
erable damage was done by water that
poured through the windows. The Pa
cific Ccast Rubber Company at 21 First
street suffered slight damage by water.
During the progress cf the fire seme
unknown men on First street fired a shot
in the direction of the crowds standing
on Market street. Fortunately no one
was hit Officers Sylvester and Mulca
hey saw the flash and rushed toward the
men. but they escaped.
Fire broke out on the top floor of the
Uicks-Judd Company's printing: establish
ment at 73 First street last night, and
before the flames could be- subdued con
siderable damage was done to the plant
and building. Tbe conflagration was dis
covered at 10:33 p. m., but an. alarm was
not turned ! in until nearly ten minutes
later. This delay was costly, as the fire
had a. chance to mate headway and when
the department arrived the . flames bad
wrapped the entire upper portion of the
structure in their embrace. The water
tower was halted in front of the build-
Ing and six lines of hose . were attached
to the fire-fighting 1 machine. The volume
of water that was thrown into the build
ing was tremendous. For fully twenty
five minutes the tower poured an inces
sant stream through the top windows and
tbe secondary battery at the base of tbe
tower sent its volume of water Into the
third story. The force of the water was
so great that bricks were dislodged from
tbe structure and crashed to the sidewalk
below. Tbe tower stream was directed
by Captain Peter Wralty and Lieutenant
J. Belden. Edward Shaughnessey, the
driver, operated the battery.
Besides these streams, hose lines of
various engine companies poured water
Into the building from every side. The
standplpe on the Golden Gate Warehouse,
which adjoins the burned building, was
utilized with good effect. As the top of
this structure was on a level with the
top floor of the building, holes were
punched into the wall and the brave
fire-fighters stood manfully by, pouring
volumes of water on the fire.
Chief Sullivan directed his men. His
presence was felt by them and they
worked with a wilL This was his first
fire sine* hii return from his twenty
eight days of rest. He confined the con
flagration to the upper stories of the
building, and claimed that he could havo
done better if an alarm had been turned
in more quickly.
Water Tower Pours Powerful
Stream Into Burning -
Building.
Plant and Stock Valued at ?15O,-
OOO Axe Badly Damaged, toe
Insurance on Both. Be
ing: $7O,OOO.
¦ ¦' , « -¦ .'.:-...
Hicks-Judd Company's
Establishment Gut- '
ted by .-Flames.' '
PUBLISHING
FIRM SUFFERS
HEAVY LOSS
A. Eisner, foreman of the ? bottling* de
partment of the Wilmerding-Loewe Com
pany, was arrested on . Mission street last
night by Officer Beach ' and charged at
the Central station with resisting an offi
cer. Eisner insisted upon remaining at
the corner . of ; Mission .. and Fremont
streets to watch the burning of the. build-
Ing occupied . by Hicks. Judd- &Co. and
refused to move on at ¦ the command of
Officer Beach. _ He was ; released on fur
nishing cash i ball. ¦ -. -
Eisner Resisted an Officer.
Judge S. . C." Denson of the firm of Den
son & Schlcsinger Jias been appointed as
special counsel to assist the Government
In the prosecution of Dimmlck. Assistant
Attorney General Beck . was expected to
come I he're from Washington, D. C, to
take part in the prosecution, but yester
day .United States District Attorney Mar,
snallB. Woodworth received a telegram
from Washington stating -that Beck was
unable to journey to the coast.
The preliminary examination of • Dim
mlck was resumed yesterday morning be
rore^Commissioner Heacock, Superinten3
ent Leach of the Mint being the first wit
nesscalled. He . was ' cross-examined at
some length , by Dlmmick's I attorney, and
admitted that he had kept certain Mint
accounts In private books, which accounts
should have been public property. Leach
stated that air the Mint funds, were under
the .- exclusive control of. the cashier, .and
that Dimmlck had nothing to - do . with
the handling of moneys. In; all. the cases
of alleged embezzlement, Dimmlck had
made the .proper entries ln the books.
_ Leach said' he could not swear that
DImmick had ever converted to : his own
use any part -of the $498 which formed
the basis of '• the . charge of , embezzlement.
-Attorney,. Collins tried to trace the fund
to which the , $498 j . belonged, but : only
learned that it came'out of the. "ordinary
funds" of the Mint John' Lewis Andre,
messenger, for the Selby Smelting Com
pany,: was cross-examined by DImmick' 3
counsel. He stated. that all' bills he pre
sented at the Mint were paid by the cash
ier, and never by DImmick as chief clerk.
Cashier ;W. :K.: Cole on cross-examina
tion contradicted the previous witness by
stating that. the sum. of $498. entered .: on
the books as of April 7, 1900, had no place
in i his mind, , except : as far as ' it showed
on> the books. > . .; ; ; : .:
¦ Vlt'is jthe onlye transaction," said "Cole,
. "in , which I did not pay the account' my
self to Selby's messenger."
No efforts will .be spared' by the Gov
ernment in the prosecution of Walter N.
DImmick,/ late "chief clerk of the Mint,
who stands charged with \ embezzlement
of. sundry; "sums and who Is also accused
of having" .stolen $30,000 In gold coin from
.the cashier's vault. ' \
Captain of Detectives Seymour took
charge of the explosive,"- and at once
placed several - of his shrewdest men . on
the case. Until a late hour last night
they had made no report that would lead
to the explanation of the • mystery. 1 No
suspicious characters - were found in - the
neighborhood, at the time. Sergeant Shaw
made his discovery, and no clew what
ever has been obtained.. Alongside the
wharf on. which 1 the 'bomb was picked up
lay several schooners, and -whether 1 it
was . intended that these, together with
the wharf, should be blown up. is a mat
ter of conjecture. There - Is I another the
ory — that the explosive; was. hidden under
the. lumber, by criminals, who reserved it
for other purposes. ; •
j Shortly after 8 o'clock Sergeant Shaw,
who commands a squad ln that section
of -the .city during the ' striko j troubles,
was .walking along the. lumber, wharves.
His attention was attracted to a sus
picious-looking < . cylindrical \ object that
protruded from underneath . one of; the
piles. Calling two - of his men, he re-'
moved the lumber and - secured the ob
ject. It was at once I sent to the office
of Chief of Police Sullivan, where it was
I found to be a brass shell filled with dy
namite. The . shell was about one . foot
long and five inches in diameter.
The Police Department is busy in an
effort to solve a dynamite mystery. Yes
terday morning a ' shell containing suffi
cient of the deadly explosive to incur a
less of thousands of dollars' worth of
property, was found concealed : beneath a
pile of lumber, at Sixth and- Channel
streets. It was primed and ready for use.
Jean A. Dwyer has temporarily enjoined
the Beard of Education from proceeding
to try her on the charge that "her un
governable temper is a menace to good
order and discipline in the Sherman Pri
mary School." Miss Dwyer filled the po
sition of teacher in the Sherman Primary
until August 28, when she was notified to
appear for, trial upon charges contained
in a communication to the board by Miss
J. M. A. Hurley. v-" '
The communication follows:
SHERMAN PRIMARY SCHOOL,
- ¦_ Autrust 17. 1901.
To the Honorable Board of Education: I am
informed that Miss J. A. Dwyer has asked to
be reinstated in the Sherman Primary School.
I ' most earnestly ' protest against her re
assignment to any class under my supervision.'
Owlns to her ungovernable temper, I con
sider that her presence in this school would
be a perpetual menace to the harmony and
good discipline now existing.
. Through their children, many of the parents
have become aware of the recent trouble be
tween Miss J. A. Dwyer and Miss O'Brien,
and having knowledge of this matter, it would
undoubtedly impair the confidence and respect
of those parents were Miss Dwyer to be re
assigned to take. charge of their children.
Mies Dwyer" s open display of temper I con
sider has had a baneful ¦ effect and has been
detrimental to the welfare of the school. I
am, yours respectfully,
' - J. M. A. HURLEY.
Miss Dwyer points in a suit filed yes
terday to restrain the board from trying
her to the fact that a provision of the
charter prohibits the trial of teachers on
charges other than those filed by the
Superintendent of Schools. She also holds
that Miss Hurley's protest is not suffi
cient ground for an investigation by tha
board.
Upon the filing of the suit Judge Dunne
issued a temporary restraining order,
making the same returnable before Judge
Hunt on the 13th lnst.
Great . Britain buys about 11,000 tons of
German toys annually.
DIMMICK'S FATE
TO BE DECIDED
out" an effective figure. Robert Cummlngs
as Herod Antipas gives a good portrait of
tbe weak tyrant, j led this and that way
by every passing mood, and looks the part
very, handsomely, 4 Salome Is daintily
played by Oza Waldrop, and Mr. Down
ing's daughter,- Miss Minnie Downing,
was a charming Huldah. ,
The, play will -run for this week and
next' and the crowded house is a certainty
during .its stay. The management is to
be warmly commended for its enterprise
In bringing out - such a production and
was cheered to. the echo last night in the
person- of • Mr. • Belasco, who appeared be
fore the footlights for a modest moment
after the third act. With further re
hearsal and reshaping of the lines "A
v olee From the Wilderness" should prove
a valuable property to -the enterprising
managers. ¦ • ,
DYNAMITE SHELL
FOUND ON WHARF
and what more can be asked?. The weak
est part of the play Is' in the lines, that
are "hopelessly, commonplace, and ineffec
tive and only in rarest instances touching
the dignity of the. subject. It needs ed
iting with a heavy hand, rewriting, - in
fact, but the play's- success .demonstrates
that it would be amply worth while.
To the local share in the production, the
mountings to begin with, generous praise
must be given.. Some of the stage plc
tures'are as handsome as any that have
been seen here, the costumes are rich and
splendid and the scenes • reflect highest
credit on the artists. H. P.- Duckett'and
Edward "Williams. Herodias' castle is a
sumptuous affair, and were everything- up
to the standard of the scenery it were
well " indeed with "A Voice From the
Wilderness." The lighting effects are
also of the exceptional . kind, and . alto-
THE TWO LEADING MALE CHARACTERS IN "A. VOICE FROM THE
; "WILDERNESS," THE NEW- BIBLICAL PtAT WHICH ' WAS
DUCED LAST NIGHT AT THECENTRAL THEATER. . " -
Miss Jean A. Dwyer Sues
for a Writ of Pro
hibition.
ESCAPES TRIAL
BY THE BOARD
Joseph Moore,' a ; resident of ¦¦ San Jose,
while crossing Sutter street yesterday, was
knocked down ; ' by • a Year .'of » the Sutter
street line. Moore'is hard of shearing and
did not -hear the bell, when"! t was sound-"
ed. He was treated- at the General Emer
gency : Hospital r for ¦ a lacerated wound on
the forehead. ¦ ¦
The Democrats are waiting to see what
' Gavin -McNab. and Jasper McDonald can
do in the line of presenting an acceptable
candidate . for Mayor. It is said- that all
the talk-about Major Hooker and James
P. Booth is misleading. The latest polit
icar gossip is that the real dark horse in
the McNab political Tiarn is ex-Supervisor
and ex-Registrar ..William M. Hinton, who
is a~ stalwart Democrat and was the life
long friend of Henry George. There was
a time when Mr. Hinton wasiregarded as
a monopolist -^ln - the sense J that - he - was
supposed. to possess a very large share of
the political honesty of the Democratic
party.- ; It is claimed that Hinton as the
leader of the local ¦- Democratic forces
would bring, back to. the ranks many, of
the old-timers and many of- the working
men who . are wavering. J Judge Maguire,
Frank Gould,' ex-Governor Budd,' Charles
Gildea,* James H.~ Barry, Max Popper,
James O'Brien"and W. H. Alford are said
to favor Hiftton for Mayor.
San 'Jose : Resident Struck by.l a Car
McNab'S Dark Horse.
The convention of the Union Labor par
ty will meet and probably organize to
morrow. There will be a fair representa
tion of trades unions, but many of the
.unions have neglected or declined to send
delegates. Politicians believe that a com
plete ticket will be nominated by the con
vention.
Aside from caucusing of district delega
tions there is little activity in the Repub
lican camp. T. P. RIordan and Edmund
Tauzsky. are spoken of as candidates for
chairman of the convention. The latter
is supported by the five Grand Hotelers,
and the former- is backed by an equal
number of the Forty-second District dele
gation. Delegates do not take enough in
terest- in the - chairmanship to express a
preference for candidates. •:•¦_/ -._.:¦
In the Municipal Field.
Recently .word". was passed, along the
line that McKinley would not interfere.
As matters now stand the Supreme Court
slate is Beatty for; Chief Justice and
Sweeney and Shaw for Associate Jus
tices. Beatty is on the slate because the
politicians, are convinced that they cannot
defeat his renomination. Sweeney Is on
to help Gage In Northern California, and
Shaw is slated in deference to Republican
sentiment in Los Angeles, but it is ex
pected that his frienCs will help Gage in
the very difficult task of ¦ securing a
friendly delegation' frcm his own county.
Judge I Angellotti of Marin County is
said to be a candidate for Associate Jus
tice. It is predicted that he. will be sup
ported by many of the delegations repre
senting Northern and Central California.
John F. Ellison, Superior Judge of Te
hama County, is highly indorsed by the
lawyers ! of Northern. California. It is
known also that A; J. Buckles, Superior
Judge of Solano County, is in the contest
again and will probably be able to swing
several delegations from' the north. Indi
cations are that Judge Sweeney will come
to the convention supported by Shasta
County alone. If the candidates for the
judiciary are wise they will not mix up
in the gubernatorial fight. Candidates for
Governor who seem \to be - prominent at
this time may decided to. draw out after
the delegates are chosen. •¦
The friends of Judge Shaw in Lios An
geles observed with considerable appre
hension the Intimate association of Gage
and Judge McKlnley. The latter bossed
"the programme for the indorsement of the
Kelly-Crimmlns County Committee by
the State organization of the party. In
the south it was readily suspected that a
scheme was hatching to do up Judge
Shaw and give McKinley a place on. the
ticket as a candidate for Associate Jus
tice. ¦ '•" • - '- ¦ ¦ ¦ , . ¦ ,
There is a deal of hard work in store
for the political manipulators who have
promised- to bring Gage delegations from
Northern California to the next Republi
can State Convention.' The programme
to create an alliance with certain aspi
rants for. the Supreme Court has been re
vised. ! Judge Eaward Sweeney of .Shasta
County is an out and out candidate for
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
and his forces are joining those favorable
to Gage. Judge Sweeney will have his
hands full in taking care of Shasta Coun
, ty for Gage. In • the ; general field t o£
Northern California counties he finds that
Lieutenant Governor Neff has a multitude
of friends and supporters. Neff' s friends
are not going out of their way to help
Gage to a renomlnation. ¦ In Slsklyou
County E. B. Edson, Railroad Commis
sioner, will get a friendly delegation. In
Placer and El Dorado counties Harold
Power- has a strong following and his
friends are Nell's friends.
i When the plan was adopted by the ad
ministration push to bring the Supreme
Court aspirants into the gubernatorial
contest, it was proposed that C. H. Ga
routte should be supported for Chief Jus
tice. One Associate Justice was allotted
to Northern California and the other to
the southern part of the State. Judge
Sweeney of Shasta was programmed for
the north and Judge Shaw of Los Angeles
for the south/
Garoutte Alarms the Administration.
When the time came for pledging Jus
tice Garotte hard and fast for Gage and
against Flint the Judge declined to pledge
himself. The refusal on the part of Ga
rotte to bind himself and his friends to
Gage caused alarm in administration cir
cles. It was noted, moreover, that public
sentiment- inclined to the' renomlnation of
Chief Justice Beatty. The result of sev
eral administration conferences-was a de
cision to turn down Garoutte. and indorse
Beatty. It is fair to Chief/ Justice Beatty
to say that he was not consulted or • ad
vised in the ' manipulation. The Gage
forces simply deemed it prudent to with
draw all opposition to the renomination of
Chief Justice Beatty. It appears, how
ever, that C. H. Garoutte is still In the
contest for the chief place on the Supreme
bench. - He has served twelve years as
Associate Justice and does not care to ex
tend the term to twenty-four years. He is
a Native Son and is not lacking in politi
cal sagacity or personal popularity. . He is
confident of his ability, to secure the sup
port of many delegates without the help
of an alliance ¦with other candidates. - -
Shaw's Friends Are Apprehensive.
Supreme Court Slates.
The removal of . Dr.., ..A. E. -Osborne
from the superlntendency of the Home
for Feeble-minded Children in order to
make a place for Dr. William M. -Lawlor
has created -widespread indignation. The
politicians, two Democrats and one Re
publican, who were recently appointed to
the Board of Trustees, say nothing to
justify or explain their .conduct. Two of
the i trustees who voted for Dr. Osborne's
removal had Just been commissioned •when
the recent meeting at . the Grand I Hotel
took place. They had no personal knowl
edge of affairs at the institution when
they voted for the change, as they had
never [ seen the home.' Some excuse may
be • invented ¦ by the " (governor, and the
trustees to allay • public resentment, but
the fair-minded people of California will
be satisfied with nothing less than the re
instatement of the able and efficient su
perintendent, who was expelled to make
room for a political hade.
Democratic Politicians Claim That
William M. Hinton Is Gavin Mc-
Nab's Dark Horse for May
oralty Nomination.
Incidents of Contest in the
Counties of Northern
California.
Erase the Name of Judge
O.:H. Garoutte From
ThieirSlata
GAGE'S MEN
AMEND THE
PROGRAMME
Biblical Play at the Central Theater -Is -a Strong and
Is 'Cleverly Presented— Costumes Worn by the Players
Are Gorgeous- 'and Piece ,v Is Staged^ih a Splendid Manner
"VOICE FROM THE WILDERNESS"
HEARD BY A LARGE AUDIENCE
gether the drama is one to be seen. -
3 Robert Downing: has the part or John
the Baptist, and Is an Impressive and
' even dignified figure. He is hampered with
the poor, lines, but even so the part needs
1 the soft pedal ln a good many places,
which is the general feeling throughout
j the performance. ¦ Mr.' Downing has. done
his work as stage manager very effective
ly In handling the numerous. crowds that
. appear during the play, and has rehearsed
the players Into . a commendable smooth
'. ness of action and speech. Miss Marshall
• Is cast as Herodias and does some very
good emotional work in the part.
) She . looks splendid, too, in some very
picturesque costumes, ¦¦ and was through-
12
" . ' . . 'Phone Howard 102L
119 TAYLOR STREET.
pilTTCp see <hTr special at
13c Tin SLICED STAR BACON 10c-
nnOni Ghlrardelirs half-pound |Hm
UUuUA tln - Wa3 25c - Wednes- |Hfi
uwwun day and Saturday li * u
20c Cake Unsweetened CHOCOLATE 15c
nnCCCC Be3 * Costa Rica, pound. ft| A
Ijllrrtt F i v « Pounds tLOO. Good J\K
wui i uu strength; peasant fla- * mlu
vor. Often sold as Java, but sold here un-
der Its true name. Was 25c.
Mrs. Faber's Chawchow 10c. 13c. 20c
cocoanuts^^iog
OLIVES, ripe or green. 30c quart, 20c
OLIVE OIL £E«I°£ 30c,
oil. Pleasant lo taste. "Was 40c. ¦ 1
20c Comb Water White HONEY 15c. '
CRACKERS 1^^. 37ic
Was 45c.
FELS-NAPTHA SOAP. 10c bar 5c.
SANPOAPID^S 25c
a pleasure. Was six bars.
. ITANGLEFOOT. 10 sheets lOc
ZIIFMIDELftn&&55c
est quality. Sample at store. Why should
you pay $1.00?
HORSESHOE WHtSKET, quart 55c '
DflDT Or SHERRY WINE, gal- QQ ft
run I lon oqIj
1 wliI St. Lawrence Vineyard, 6- UUM
year-old. Best Tonic Wlnea. Was $1.25.
JESSE MOORE WHISKEY* quart 65c
INVITATION— Mrs. Faber's Preserving
Kitchen open to all.
MEN WANTED.
Hunters Point
Drydock.
DIRECTORY
. OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
. BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahla
& Co. (est'd. 1SS2). 409 Market at. ; uoon In-
stallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ PI3 IRO.f.
JT WIT * TO *>° Battery Street.
• V- IT ILOUil <X W/-i Telephone Main 1SS1.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES&CQ. gjgP ll^rta?W w
OILS. ¦
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELlllS.
413 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear st.. S. F. Tel. Main 6320.
PAINTERS AND DcCOJ?ATO"S.
If PHMAIXF M» GOLDEN GATE AVE.
J- t • KUiUAlftE. Telephone Howard, 191i
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladies' and Children's Hose 5c a pair*
Ladies' Linen Skirts, 35c: Men's Fine Dresa
Shlrta. worth $1. for 40c, at 105 Fifth street.
PRINTINO.
E C RTIfiHF^ " printer.
V- W- 1IUUUC3. . 8U Sansoaa stT. 8. y.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
j THE HICKS- TtJDD CO.. - " ...
-23 First street. San Fraacl^an.-
- ADVERTISEMENTS. ;..;/." '
On Monday, September 2d, we will
have on display complete lines of
NEW GOODS.
Black Silks,
Black Brocaded Silks and Satins, the newest
'dress and skirt materials for autumn j also
-Black Striped Satin and Faille,
Velvet Dept
Complete assortment of all tlie latest shades
in French and German Hand Loom Velvets,
All Silk Panne Velvets and Millinerg Yel-
¦yetsj also English Cordurdus and Velveteens*
i)mCK uOOuS llCpi* m ;
New Black' French Satin Finish Venetians,
50, .52 and 54 inches wide— so much in de-
mand for tailor-made costumes,
Colored Cloths.
v Elegant line of New Broadcloths, Venetians
and Covert Cloths, 50 to 56 inches wide, in
all the latest shades for autumn.
Dress Goods Dept.
New importation Unfinished Worsteds, 50
• to 56 inches wide, all solid colors and newest
shades for Fall, 1901.
OUR SPECIAL SALE WHITE BLANKETS WILL
CONTINUE ALL THIS WEEK.
HI, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Specaal To= Day, Wedeesday..
Waist Department (First Floor).
y-^gvVA . - ' We print the prices — you will
/ff&%£iP$£[A do the rest! find a njere state-
A*f|lil;«jsa - • msrjt in print is newfyere near ;
MsmEK&SBs as effective as an examination
%|sj£|g7^\Bjf of these values — so we expect
? e **f|p« i , W to see you in force to-day to in-
. Flannel waists In all colors and" '
//vmflw sizes; striped or plain, just to
-J/ /'tMi\*?an introduce this' department to
*&-y£j&&fr4»n. Regular vafuc $2.25— to-day S ! .S3
JF^ ".-¦¦». $5.C0- " ....'S3.50 !
r*l JIlP*^ " " S65 °- " • $5.00
r(M*l^! SilKwaists in all colors, : ; v
fij£3 / (uji til Regu'ar y a 5u3 $6.00-to-day...S5.03 , .
kl£^ II ?fel R*J - also an <>nd!ess assortrnrnt "'of- '-
li 4k J^r s\ waists, sKirts. wrappers, Hrrjo-'.'
\ A I V^ ! ' »\ ' nos to select from; inexpensive,".' .'
\ IL I '% \ \\ ' rnec ' iur D price and high grade ;
/^c«il^l b\ Coosider the worth of these
/-\*^<E£lt '• s^ \ goods — give a tbought to these
I 3 fi&iA. prices and you will wonder how
\*\* 'JK'id I 'flKtiSX we can offer such values. But
illivV the poiQt is, WE DDI ,
jlvi^fe \ 5uit and Cloak Depart=
'.\^ ment (First Floor).
i^Sl4S&"l%" Jr Sults ln endless variety: too
roany differeot Mods to rrjen-
tion in detail; to examine care-
fully would be tbe acceptable way for you to appreciate them.
Peguar value »32.50— tc-daySi5.00. Clotlj. Raglans, Automobiles.
Jackets, Capes; also trje finest assortrrjent of garrnents at
moderate prices.
These ara specials that not only attract trade— they compel
It— hypnotiz3 it! They are this -season's strongest— which Is
saying a lot. . ,
.219 Graot AveraeY
IWhenYou Buy 1
it will pay you
• /&&$& t0 get them of
us f° r inany
" reasons — chief
P jlllLrl °* vv^ icl1 * s that
Xw3&ih$ our nowled g e
jMixX of eye anatomy,
glasses, will insure you perfect
satisfaction.
S17 Kairn^Str SI \