Continued on Second Page.
Continued on Second Page. \'
Services at National Cemetery.
The general Memorial day committee
THE graves of departed soldiers
¦will be strewn, with flowers to
day. Volleys will be fired over
the grass-grown mounds that
mark the last resting places of the
men who shouldered muskets and went
forth to fight the battles of their country.
Prayers will ascend and eloquent speakers
¦will pay tribute to the bravery and-forti
tude of ihe nation's heroes.
Veterans of three wars have been busy
¦with preparations to do fitting honor to
the memory of their comrades sleeping
beneath the sod. Those of them who yet
have strength will march in parade to the
"silent cities of the dead" and there give
outward expression to the esteem and af
fection that remain virile within their
hearts and defy the passing of the years.
Regulars from the" Presidio, National
Guardsmen and boys' clubs in uniform
•will inarch with the veterans, and the
¦whole will form pageants befitting cere
monies In commemoration of the brave
deeds and sacrifices of the soldier dead.
Memorial day will be celebrated in San
Francisco with more than usual impres
slveness. There will be one imposing pa
rade this morning from the Lombard-
Etreet entrance of the Presidio to the na
tional cemetery on the military reserva
tion, and under the same auspices and in
charge of the citizens' general Memorial
day committee there will be elaborate
services to-night in Metropolitan Temple.
Another parade of equal impressiveness
will form on Market street, the head of
the column resting at Ihe Palace Hotel,
and will move up Market street to Van
Kess avenue and from there will proceed
to Odd Fellows' Cemetery to decorate the
graves of the departed comrades of the
men who do honor to-day to their mem
ory- This ceremony will be under the
auspices of James A.' Garfield, Lincoln
and General George G. Meade posts of the
Grand Army of the Republic. Their serv
ices to-night will be held In B'nai B'rith
Hall.
The Mayor and Board of Supervisors
in carriages will have position at the head
of the column. Upon arriving- at the-en
trance to* the National Cemetery' the col
umn will halt arid the escorting organiza
tions will form in line and , salute the
Salute for Grand Ariny.
Thirteenth— George H. Thomas Post, No. 2,
G. A. R.
Fourteenth— Colonel Cass Poet, No. 46, G.
A. R. '*£0t
Fifteenth— Visiting comrades of the G. , A, R.
Twelfth— Veteran Guard of California, G.
A. R. ?
Uniformed Drill Company.
Second— National Guard of California, com
prising signal corps. First Regiment Infantry,
battalion of artillery and troop of cavalry (dis
mounted).
Third— Battalion naval militia.
Fourth— Sons of American Revolution.
Fifth — Veterans of Mexican war.
Sixth— Sastro's band.
Seventh— Regular a/id Volunteer Army and
Nax-y Union. /. •,-
Eighth — Army and Navy Parlor, N. S. G. W.
Ninth— Camp Richter. Spanish war veterans.
Tenth— Columbia Park Boys' Club.
. Eleventh — Horace Mann Grammar School
First— Regular troops, comprising headquar
ters and band, c^ast artillery, two companies
Eighteenth United States Infantry, two troops
Fifteenth United States Cavalry (dismounted).
Captain Plummer has assigned the vari
ous organizations to positions in the fol
lowing order:
has arranged the details of the services
at the Presidio National Cemetery. The
parade will form at the Lombard-street
?entrance to the Presidio at 10 o'clock.
The line of march will be direct to the
cemetery- • All visiting Grand Army men
vvili be assured . places in the ranks for
the parade and seats at the evening exer
cises. The grand marshal of the parade,
will bo Captain E. H. Rummer, Tenth
United States Infantry, late colonel of the
Thirty-fifth United States Volunteer In
fantry. His aids will be Major William
R. Robinson, Lieutenant Lloyd England,
United States artillery; W. J. Watson, J.
Murray Bailey and A. B. Donnelly. y
Overture, ' Third United States Artillery
Band; invocation, Bishop William F. Nicholst
"Star-Spangled Banner," Mrs. T. C. Mastellerj;
remarks by chairman. Colonel George Stonel
commander Department of California and Net
vada, G. A. R. ; selection, Temple .Quartet
Clarence T. -Wendell (first tenor); D. M. Lawt
rence (second tenor). A. A.. Batkin (flrst bass)[
E.-.G.-McBain (second bass) ;. recitation, "Our
Ranks Are Getting Thin," Miss May Powers;
harp selection, . Inez ', Carusi ; oration. General
W. H. ¦ L. Barnes, ¦ past department commander
California and Nevada G. A/ ' R. ; selectlont
Third United States Artillery Band; selection'
Temple Quartet; "America," band 'and' audi
ence. _' . ,- *^T.;.;V"i>;.-V v'.f'-' I
The parade fllr the services to be held
under the .auspices of several of v the
Grand Army posts will form at the Pal
ace Hotel at 10 o'clock and the line* of
march will be along/ Market street; to
Golden Gate avenue,* to Van -Ness ayenuel
to O'Farrell street, where the „ veterans
will pass in review, and thence will pro]-.
At the conclusion of the above exer
cises Oscar F. Long Garrison No. 101,
Regular and Volunteer Army and Navy
Union, will held a - special service for the
dead at their monument on their grounds,
programme for to-night
Programme for TorNight.
At Metropolitan Vemple this evening
the following programme will be ren
dered : •>" ' . - ¦ ! I
members of the Grand Army of the. Re
public as they pass into the cemetery.-
The programme of exercises at the na
tional cemetery is as follows: •
Minute ffuns, Third United States Artillery;
remarks by president of the day, '.General W.
R. Shatter, major, general United States Vol
unteers; invocation.^- th'j Rev. S. D. Hutsiri
piller, pastor Central Methodist Church; selec
tion, California Quartet; Lincoln's Gettysburg
address, Ralph T. Fishei . University of Cali
fornia; poem, ."At Chancellorville," Miss
Clara Bell Brown; oration, D. E. McKlnlay,
Assistant United States District 'Attorney; se
lection, California Quartet; salute to the dead!
detail of U. S. troop3; taps, bugler, U. S. A.
THE VETERAN WHO WILL SERVE AS GRAND MARSHAL OF THE PARADE AND THE ORATOR WHO WILL
DELIVER THE ADDRESS AT THE MEMORIAL SERVICES TU BE HELD AT THE NATIONAL CEMETERY AT
11 O'CLOCK THIS MORNING.
. -" Cuts His^Victim's Throat.. r .'\ : \
•'While' she was prostrate -he"'" held her
with . his ; hands and ' knees and ; . taking his'
knife from his pocket, cut her, throat from
ear to ear,- causing Instant death. He then
: 'walked -'to' the. negro who had been" fishing
"on • the "V bridge « and ' who ; was '* thoroughly,
frightened and asked '.him what he should
do with the body.' He was told to leave it
The murder -was one of the boldest
crimes ever. committed in Florida. At 10
o'clock yesterday mcrning . Mrs. Taggart,
who was born and reared in this place and
was a woman of good. family, and reputa
tion* : went . fishing : alone in a small row
boat that she" kept at the city bridge over
Piaco .Creek. | This is in full view of the
public thoroughfare. A few. minutes be- r
fore noon, desiring to return home, she
rowedher'boat to the bridge and made it
fast, r A negro 'was " fishing from the
bridge at the time. Mrs. Taggart started
home and. had proceeded only a few steps
in the swamp toward "the open prairie and
the street when she was approached by
Rochelie, T who > had been .hiding, in the
swamp. 'He seized her and she broke loose
'and.'.i screaming, - ran ¦'. inx.o the prairie;
where ;he : overtook her.
BARLOW, Fla.V May 29.— Fred Rochelle,
a negro 35 years of age, who at noon yes
terday criminally '. assaulted .'.arid -then
murdered Mrs. • Rcna Taggart, a well
known and respectable'" white woman of
this city.' was' burned at the stake ;here
early this evening in the presence of a
throng of people. The burning was on the
scene' of •'the negro's .crime, .within 100
yards of the principal thoroughfare of thi=5
city. : ..-I .-.. ... •,' ''*-'...'. \ '"¦ '':'¦
When the match was applied the blaze
quickly leaped skyward. The burning- body
could be seen only as a dark object in the
circle of roaring flame. Then, the flro
slackened "and the writhing body came
back hv full view, but already the groans
had ceased and the only evidence of life
was in; the contortions of the muscles of
the limbs.' For 'fifteen minutes the ¦body
burned and in a half hour from the min
ute the. match was applied only 4he
charred bones were left as a reminder of
the, "negro's^ crime; and , his „ fate. The
crowd dispersed as quietly as it had gath
ered, and by 8:30 to-night the city was
<juiet^ ¦¦:..'.:
Before^ the chains around his body had
been made fast cans of kerosene oil from
many sources were 'passed to the front
and one of the leaders stepped to the ne
gro and slowly but deliberately poured It
on him and his clothes, until the cloth
ing and the barrel were well saturated.
It was then 6 o'clock. The crowd was
growing and business in , the city had
practically suspended.
On this the negro was placed and
chained to the stake. He pleaded for
mercy, but in the great crowd around him
silence, was the only response. There were
no jeers, no swearing, no disorder.
Burned at Scene of Crime.
The stake was the' only suggestion as to
the proper expiation of the crime, and
without organizing, and yet, with appar
ently unanimous understanding, a barrel
was in; readiness and was placed by the
stake In the very spot where Mrs. Tag
gart was murdered.
crime. By, common consent burning was
to be the penalty.
In spite of. the Sheriff and : a strong
"guard, of deputies, : who made every effort
to' 1 protect him from mob violence, the
mob secured the" prisoner and took up the
march; to the scene of the crime. Rochelle
was 'half dragged, half .carried to- ;the
bridge, -enveloped; by a great throng of
people of all . ages. . ,
. : Scream ij after scream broke from the
wretch's '¦ lips, -.followed " : by" groans -. and
prayers for mercy. " At the bridge the mob
turned j toward " the - prairie "and - then .into
the swamp arid, to 'the scene of the "negro's
...About noon a. arrived announc
ing that the negro had been captured by
two other; negroes three miles south: of
the city. Posses were immediately put on
the. trail, but the captors evaded detec
tion and succeeded in getting their pris
oner quietly into the city and turning him
over, to": the. Sheriff of Polk County. ;!lri
less, than ten -minutes after the transfer
had been 'made "the" streets became con
gested "with people, and the crowd, aug
mented as. it marched, moved on the jail.
Mob Takes the Prisoner.
In a few minutes the crime had been re
ported, "and in less than an hour.practi
cally, the whole city was In arms and a.
well armed posse was .'moving : in every
direction in search of the criminal. Blood
.houncts were secured and all night a fruit
leas search was continued. This morning
no trace of the negro had been", secured,"
and the people were becoming more de
termined to apprehend him. as the chances
for his- finalescape seemed to grow. '"
where.it was. • Rochelle took the bleeding
form in his arms and carried it back, to
the swamp, threw it .down .and .escaped
into the interior of :he swamp.-..'
Taken From Jail to-the , Scene of His Crime, Frederick Rochelle
- Meets Awful Death in Fierce ''• Flames; : (
cessor to Cardinal ¦ Martinelli as . Papal
delegate ; to the . United States,: but ' it- is
understood that the difficulties encoun-
tered' in selecting" a successor are so .
great that. there is little prospect of the :
. early departure of Cardinal MartinelH
: from the United States.. •.¦¦"' "*¦
NEGRO MURDERER BURNED AT STAKE
BY A MOB OF AVENGERS IN FLORIDA
V>\ -,. \ -.- ¦.%•:.¦ ¦:,:'¦ ... • '• ¦ i- ¦ .<• ¦¦-.'¦'-¦ -
JAMES CARDINAL, GIBBONS, ARCHBISHOP OF BALTIMORE. WHO IS
. CONFERRING WITH THE. POPE ON IMPORTANT CHURCH AF- •
'" FAIRS IN T±iE UNITED STATES AND THE PHILIPPINES.
ROME, May* 29.-Cardinal Gibbons
has determined to prolong his
stay in Rome, and he will re
main here during the greater
part of June.. The Cardinal says
the appointment of a rector of the
American College here to succeed Mgr.
O'Connell, the Bishop of Portland, Me.,
has not reached a stage where any
statement can be made.
It is understood the Cardinal during
the audience he had with the Pope ex
plained at : length" the views of -, the
Government at Washington regarding
religious niatters in the Philippines. •
Cardinal Gibbons is also advising . the
Pcpe to consider the question of a.suc-
This Subject and Other Important Relating
to the United States and the Philippines Will Cause
Cardinal Gibbons to Prolong His Visit tothe Vatican •
Iruaddition 10 this',. it" was realized that
the exporters of- Chinese tea, which pays
10 cents a pound "duty,- and "Chinese' silks,
which 'ire ' also subjected to ;a high ; tariff,'
would send their goods'; to the -Philippines;
paying -the slight duty]', there'.' exacted,', and
then havej thein forwarded to the United
States.'Tvhere they would be entered witia
iput.additional.'c'ost. " • 1
'.'Japanese' and Oriental/ goods of all dfe-
By Way of Philippines.
" "When It 'was asserted in opposition to
this view that the constitution expressly
prohibits the imposition of export duties
the answer was promptly returned that
under the decision of the Supreme Court
the constitution has not been extended by
Its own .force over the Philippines and
that therefore the prohibition heed not be
taken into consideration.- It. was argued
that the constitution had no force in the
Philippines until it had been extended
there by act of Congress.
This view of the case was generally
concurred in, but the question was deemed
to be too impovtant to be settled at an in
formal . conference, and nothing definite
will be done until the President and the
Cabinet return to Washington, when the
question will bo discussed with Secretaries
Root,, and Gago ] and Attorney ' General
Knox... The probability is, however, that
there will be no extra session . of Con
gress, and that in the Spooner act will be
found ample authority to meet the situa
tion. The President will probably issue an
order applying solely to the Philippines,
imposing upon goods exported from those
islands to the United, States a rate of duty
equal to the tariff imposed by the Dingley
law upon the came 'articles entering the
United States.- This, it. is believed, will
close the door by. a "method certain to be
sustained by the Supreme Court if a test
case" should be brought before "that tri
bunal for decision.-
Some consideration was given to the
question whether ith'e President had the
power under the Spooner act to' impose. a"
duty in this country upon articles import-'
ed from the Philippines.; -The general
opinion was that grave doubt existed as
to .whether he possessed this "power, and
it seemed to be accepted that the export
duty- plan offered the rffost; feasible solu
tion. The" importance' of; speedy action
was emphasized in \ view. of, the fact that
if the matter is left unsettled vuntil Con-*
gress meets next December there willbe
very large importations of hemp, tobacco
and sugar from . the Philippines without
the payment of, duty. :> .
Question of 'Export Duties.
ON THE PRESIDENT'S TRAIN, Ali-
TOONA, Pa., May. 29^— Serious considera
tion" has. been given ;by the President- and
the Cabinet to the decision of the United
States Supreme'Court in the Porto Rican
cases. The full-text of .the opinions was
eagerly read by the President. The extent
of the problem presented by the first de
cision, annulling- the duties collected un
der the Dingley law .< upon Porto Rican
imports, was then for: the first time fully
realized,, the mere skeleton of -the decision
wired from .Washington having, failed to
state fully this phase of the question.
"While it was .appreciated that the ques
tion of the duty on Philippine-importa
tions involved in, the case' of the diamond
rings brought back . from Manila by an
American soldier has not been actually de
cided, it was felt that" the court had prac
tically settled the matter ..by its . Porto
Rican decision, and the doorway from the
Philippines into the United . States was
now very wide open. ; * • :
This being the case,' the idea of an extra
session of Congress to -enact- for. the Phil
ippines a law similar to the Foraker Porto
Rico act was at once suggested and for a
while was seriously entertained.' _
Will Avo ; \ Extra " Session.
The President, however, did '. not hesitate
to express his desire to, avoid an extra
session if some other way. out of the diffi
culty could be discovered and the Cabinet
concurred with him, believing that' only a
most extraordinary, situation would war
rant the convening of (Congress. 'Having
decjded therefore to approach; a. { solution
of. the .problem .; through .other
method than-Congressionicl legislation, the
President and the* Cabinet * proceeded to
consider, other.- prppbsltipns.y.The /result of
the conference, was a belief £hat in' the
act for the government of the Philippines,
passed as a rider to the army appropria
tion bill in the closing days of the; last
Congress, known as* the Spooner la/w;
there might be found the requisite relief
from the unexpected situation created by
the decision of the Supreme Court. ; The
Spooner act, it will be remembered, in
vests the President with absolute author
ity to govern the Philippines until Con
gress shall otherwise direct. Under this
law, it is held by the Cabinet, there can
be no doubt of the President's power to
frame and enforce a tariff law for the
islands. The suggestion was also made
that he could go a step farther and im
pose an export duty upon all articles sent
from the Philippines to the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prompt Steps to Bs Talien to Legally
m\ Collect; Tariff Duties on' Goods'
From the Philippines.. !
Spooner Law Gives the
President Power
to Act.
This Is Decided During a
G onference With Cabinet
Members on Train.
CONVENING
OF CONGRES
IS AVOIDED
POPE EXPERIENCES DIFFICULTY
IN SELECTION OF SUCCESSOR
TO DELEGATE MARTINELLI
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
san francisco; Thursday; may^ 30, 1901;
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO., 181.
Veterans Will Parade in Honor of Departed Comrades.
Ceremonies x at National and Odd Fellows' Cemeteries
to Be Followed by Services in Many Halls To-Night
GRAVES OF NATION'S SOLDIER
HEROES TO BE STREWN TO-DAY
WITH CHOICEST OF FLOWERS
The San Francisco CallXiliU »iLJN JjlXAJNlJlSUU * UAJLLi, TilUKtSIJAr, MAYT 3U, 1JK)1.
SEATTLE, May 29.— Tommy Tracey of
Australia and Al Nelll of San Francisco
boxed twenty rounds to a draw at the
Seattle Theater to-night. Throughout the
contest NeiJl permitted Tracey to do ali
the leading, evidently watching for an op
portunity to land a knockout. Tracey
was knocked down twice during the con
test, but offset this by landing at least
twice to Nelll's once. Colonel W. E. Mc-
Kee was the referee. ' C "•
Twenty Rounds to a. Draw.
GRASS VAlXEY, May 20.— As a result
of the explosion of a blast this afternoon
In the Golden Hill mine William Dewan
was instantly killed and James Ledwich.
probably fatally injured. When the men
went on duty in the morning Foreman
Richard Barry was Informed by the nlpht
men that a blast had missed fire. The
foreman gave orders to Dewan and Led
wirh to fire the blast, which was in
a drift of the 700-foot level. It is not
known whether the night men had left
two blasts and supposed there was only
one, or the men failed to fire the blast
after being told to do so.
Dewan was 37 years old and single, leav
ing a widowed mother, two brothers and
a sister.
James Ledwich Is Badly
Injured.
William Dewan Loses His Life and
KILLED BY A BLAST
IN GOLDEN HILL MINE
Bishop Nichols of California, Bishop John
son or Los Ansreles. Archdeacon Emery. Rev.
E. J. Lion. Dean of Convocation of San Fran-
Cisco; Rev. Messrs, M. D. Wilson (secretary
of convention). E. L. Parsons (rector of the
parish). J. 8. McGowan. T. J. Lacey, Ph. D.;
li. C. Sanford. E. H. Benson, D. C. Gardner.
C. Macon, J. P. Tumor. H. A. R. Ramsay. N.
B. W. Gallway. H. S. JefTeryw. W. R. Jenvey
and Professors Lincoln and Powell of the sem
inary.
SAN MATEO," May 29.— The ordination
to deaconship of the graduating class of
1901 of the Church Divinity School here
took place this morning: in the beautiful
stone Church of St. Matthew. The ser
vices were attended by a large number of
parishioners and by many visiting clergy
men. . ,
The sermon was preached by the Rt.
Rev. Dr. Johnson, Bishop of Los Angeles.
Bishops- Nichols and Johnson then con
ferred -upon the following candidates the
order .of,- deaconship: A. .L. Hall, E. A.
McGowan and 1 - J* W.-; Nichols, the latter
being a son of Bishop and Mrs. Nichols.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies In
the church luncheon was partaken of in
the parish house, after which the entire
party, as guests of Bishop and Mrs.
Nichols, repaired to the Nichols home on
Griffith and, Bellevue avenues, where
they were presented to Bishop and Mrs.
Johnson.
Those. who were present at the ordina
tion were:
Commencement Exercises Held in the
Church of St. Matthew in
San Mateo.
DIVINITY ; GRADUATES
ORDAINED DEACONS
The demand was in the shape of a type
written letter in Italian, but bearing no
signature. It stated that unless Charle3
and Joseph Desimone took $1000 each and
gave it -to a horseman in a certain place
they must take the consequences. . Di
rections were eriven that they were
to start from Madrone. eighteen miles
south of here, drive along the : foot
hill road in the eastern part of the valley,
then continue their journey to East San
Jose and into town. They were to use a
certain wagon, r At a certain point In the
road they would meet a man riding a
white horse and they were to hand over a
bag containing th© money to this horse
man. J
This was to have been done on May 13
and on that date the Deslmones and
Sheriff Langford and posse went over the
route. A bag of iron washers that looked
like money was placed in a wagon driven
by the intended, victims. In accordance
with Instructions a stop of rive minutes
was made at each crossing. Half a mile
behind followed the" Sheriffs posse, who
aimed to keep in sight of the wagon and
make an attempt to capture the^rlder of
the white horse should be appear. He
failed to show up. • It may be that the
man who wrote the letter saw the party
following the wagon, or that he nevey in
tended to carry out the plot laid.
Since that time a similar letter haa been
received by the Desimones, written In
Spanish, and renewing the demand for
$2000. The Sheriff's office has been un
able to obtain any clew, to the writer. It
may be the work of a Joker, but never
theless the Desimones go nowhere now
without being armed and bcllevo it Is a
plot to extort,money from them.
Tho Desimone brothers are wealthy
orchardlsts and have large - fruit Inter
ests about the county.
dollars or take the consequences", is the.
demand made on Charles and Joseph
Desimone, two well-known Italian resi
dents of this city, In a letter received on
May 13, and which they believes to'be the
demand of a local Mafia. In the letter
the blackmailers give warning that as
sassination will be the penalty of failure
to follow instructions. So seriously ,do
they regard the threat that the police and
Sheriff's office were notified and— since
then -Sheriff Langford and .deputies have
been working: on the case.' . . '_
SAN". JOSE, May 2D.— "Two. thousand
Wealthy San Jose Ital
ians Receive Demands
for Money.
. — — ? .
Believe They Are Marked
% for Blackmail by Band
of Assassins.
. » } Special Dispatch to The Call. ;
LIFE IN FEAR
OF THE MAFIA
STOLE A BICYCLE— Carl Rupprecht. the 18
ye&r-old son of Philip J. Rupprecht of 637
Jersey Etreet, was arrested last night on the
charge of grand larceny. He Is charge.d with
stealing: a bicycle from the Mission High
School OB last Friday..
STANFORD UNIVERSITY,. May 29.—
President David Starr Jordan' will leave
for Honolulu to-morrow, where he will
engage UDon his work as a member of the
United States Fish Commission. He will
return late . in July. Instructor - John ; O.
SnyUer will accompany him,
Dr. Jordan Goes to Hawaii.
ecrlptlons could also enter the United
Etates by this roundabout but economical
route. It is certain, therefore, that this
new phase of the Philippine problem will
receive immediate attention 1 as soon as
the President and the Cabinet reach
Washington; and In view of the import
ant questions involved and the necessity
of action, there is very general satisfac
tion that the national capital is beine
Epeedlly reached.
of organizations should have - dominion over
It. The' university should exist for its own
sake to carry out its own purposes and to
bring: out its own results In Its own way.
In this regard the die Is cast, once for all.
The choice of the founders of the university
was deliberate and final. They .chose the' path
of intellectual and religious freedom, in the
very Interest . of religion Itself, Religion la
devotion In action. In its higher reaches it
must- be individual, because It Is a function
of the individual . soul, which must : stand- In
perpetual protest against the religion which
llnrln its end in forms, and ceremonies and or
ganizations. . . t • <. , . :
Religion must form the axis of | personal
character and its prime Importance -the univer
sity cannot Ignore. To the end of its culture
it may use indirect rather than direct means,
the Influence of effort and character rather
than the Imposition of forms. To accept ec
clesiastical help Is to invite ecclesiastical con
trol toward ecclesiastical ends. In the grant
of endowment it was required that the trus
tees should "prohibit sectarian Instruction, but
to have taught in the university the immor
tality of the soul, the existence of an all
wise and benevolent Creator, and that obe
dience to his laws la the highest duty of
man."
This requirement was a simple reflection of
Mr. Stanford's own religious character, as ex
pressed In the words of one very near to him:
"If a firm belief In a benlflcent Creator, a pro
found admiration for Jesus of Nazareth, and
his teachings and a certainty of a personal
life hereafter constitute religion, then Leland
Stanford was a. religious man. The narrow
walls of a creed could not confine him: there
fore he was not a professed member of any
church, for in each confession of faith he'
found something to j which he could not sub
scribe. But for the principles of religion ho
had a profound .veneration; In his heart were
the true sentiments of Christianity,'' and he
often said that In his opinion the golden rule
was the cornerstone of all true religion."
Freedom of Thought.
The founders believed 'truly that freedom
of thought and action would promote morality
and religion, that a. deeper, fuller religious
life would arise from the growth of the in
dividual, that only where "winds of free
dom" blow will spring up the highest type
of religious ' development. For character is
formed from within by the efforts and striv
ings and aspirations of the individual. It can
never be imposed from without. The will is
made strong from choosing the right, not
from having right action enforced upon it.
The life of man Is "made beautiful and sweet
through self-devotion and self-restraint." But
thin must be chosen . voluntarily, else it fails
of Its purpose.
The growth of Leland Stanford Junior Uni
versity must remain the best evidence of its
founder's wisdom. He had the sagacity to
recognize the value of higher education and
the patriotism to give tho rewards of a suc
cessful life to Its advancement.
He had the rarer wisdom to discriminate be
tween the real and the temporary in univer
sity organization and management, and his
provision Is for the genuine and permanent,
not for that "which speedily' passes away."
Still more rare, he had the forethought to
leave to each succeeding generation the duty
of. adapting Its details of administration and
method to tho needs of the time.
. If the founder we love , and the ' founder
whose memory we revere has said. ' "We will
found a university so strong that it may en
dure for all the centuries and wfcofle organi
zation shall be so freo and flexible that in
each ape It shall reflect the. bet spirit of
the time," he could not have given It Rreater
freedom of development than it has to-day.
For the.Rlory of tho university must lie In
Hb freedom,- In that freedom which cannot
fall Into license, nor loose Itself In wayward
ness, that freedom which knows but one bon<l
or control, the eternal truth of Ood.
Killed While Stealing a Ride.
SAN PABLO, May 29.-John Moran,
twenty-one years old, while attempting to
steal a ride on a freight train, wns killed
here to-day. His companion, Charles Hay
den, of Eleventh and | P streets, • South
San Francisco, says they were going to
Vacavllle to pick fruit. Moran resided nt
Twelfth and M streets. South Han Frun-
ClSCO. '• ' r,
COLONEL DUNCAN
GROWS EXCITED
Old Kentuckian Rails at
His Son-in-Law in
Court.
Concluded.
Suit Against His Daughter
for Family Heirlooms Is
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 29.— The suit of
Colonel Blanton Duncan against his
daughter, Mrs. Katherine Lewis, to re
cover $5000 worth of jewelry and other ef
fects left by his deceased wife, was con
cluded in the Superiot Court to-day and
Judge Ballard will render his decision to
morrow. Colonel Duncan made a long ar
gument, In which he attempted to con
vince the court that the heirlooms given
to Mrs. Lewis by his late wife belonged
to him and were hers to use. but not to
give away. The defense submitted the
case without argument.
"I am satisfied," said Judge Ballard,
"that most of these articles were given
outright to Mrs. Duncan. Notwithstand
ing the testimony of the plaintiff, I be
lieve It. was his intention to give these
articles to his wife. Giving a wife such
articles as a lace dress, with tb.e reserva
tion that it is to come back to the hus
band. Is at utter variance with the usual
custom between husband and wife. On
the other hand, if the common law pre
vailed in Kentucky at the time of the
gifts, some of the articles In possession of
the wife were also the property of the
husband."
Shouts at Colonel I*ewis.
During the proceedings to-day, when the
outlook appeared to grow more and more
gloomy. Colonel Duncan became much ex
cited. Among the circumstances that con
tributed not a. little to the colonel's dis
comfiture was the presence of Colonel
Tom Lewis, husband of the defendant,
who bothered the old man with his mys
terious actions. While testifying, Colonel
Duncan discovered Colonel Lewis sitting
dangerously near Duncan's fellow-attor
ney.
"What are you doing there?" Duncan
demanded. "Get away. Go and sit back
by the railing. You're looking at my
paper."
Colonel Lewis moved. A ripple of mirth
stirred the court room.
In the testimony introduced by the de
fendants to show their title to the goods
in question was a deposition by Sarah D.
.Burnett of Brooks, Ky. She said she was
a first cousin of Colonel Duncan and knew
Mary T. Duncan very well. The deposi
tion showed that all the table silver and
certain other trinkets in the contest were
purchased many years ago in Louisville,
Ky.. by Mary T. Duncan, who later be
queathed them to her daughter, Kate
Lewis. Mrs. Burnett was aware that this
silver was in Mrs. Lewis* possession up to
July. 1S97, at which time she was visiting
at the Lewis home in. this city.
Court Frowns Upon Him.
When he stepped down from the stand
Colonel Duncan emptied all the law books
out of his iron box. piling them up in a
great heap on the table before him. There
were Kentucky tomes and California re
ports, codes or procedure, authorities on
evidence and a veritable library of legal
lore.
"What are you going to do with all
those books?" inquired Judge Ballard,
glpncing hopefully at the clock.
"If the court please." began Colonel
Duncan, "I am going to read to you the
decisions of the Supreme Court of. Ken
tucky, as well as the decisions of th'j Su
preme Court of California, upon cases
similar to this."
"No, you're not going to do any such
thing," said Judge Ballard. "You have
not rested the case yet. I shall not allow
the reading of all those authorities to be
introduced as evidence. If you are hound
to make use of them you will have to do
bo during your argument of the case and
not before. My impression is that very
little argument will be required."
Judge Ballard's remarks indicate • that
his verdict will be in favor of Mrs. Lewis.
SOUTH HONORS
OLD SOLDIERS
Brilliant Floral Parade at
the Confederate Re
union.
Continued from First Page.
MEMPHIS, Tcnn.. May 29.— A beautiful
Bight was the floral parade with which the
citizens of Memphis this afternoon hon
ored their guest* and the Confederate re
union. Over a hundred vehicles, which
were marsi's of flowers, were in line, and
all the citizens of Memphis who witnessed
the flower parade given last year in honor
of Admiral Dewey agreed that the event
to-day far surpassed the first attempt.
At the business session of the United
Confederate Veterans the report of the
historical committee was unanimously
adopted. It stated that the chief impedi
ment to the preparation and reception of
a history impartially dealing with both
gldes of the war is prejudice. It added:
"Probably the generation now passing
a'way will never completely outlive the
prejudices engendered by the war and the
contentions and misapprehensions which
led to it. The passions and prejudices
aroused by the war threatened to Jmplant
sectional animosities which time could
never heal.
"We Southern people once regarded
Abraham Uncoln as one of the most des
picable creatures that ever lived. Now,
whlU we do not indorse the policy which
he pursued, we honor him for his unques
tioned sincerity, patriotism and ability.
On the other hand, the people of the
North once regarded Jefferson Davis as
the incarnation of selfishness and disloy
alty. Now, wherever disabused of preju
dices, they rcpard him. using the lan
tfu.'are of one of their ablest scholars, as
one of the "purest, ablest, most patriotic
and most consistent of all American,
statesmen."
General John B. Gordon was elected
commander in chief; Lieutenant General
W. I. Cabbell, commander of the Trana-
MlKslsslppI Department; Lieutenant Gen
eral 8. D. Lee, commander of the Army of
the Tennessee; Lieutenant General Wade
Hampton, commander of the Army of
Northern Virginia. , . ¦
A resolution was adopted providing that
no persons or body or convention itself
"shall have the right to invite any one to
a Confederate Veterans' reunion other
than Confederates." Dallas, Tex., whh
selected for the reunion of 1302. "The con
vention adjourned nine die at 5:50 p. m
R. B. HauRhton of St. Louis was elected
commandor in chief of the Sons of the
United Confederate Veterans. The ne«-
Fion adjourned sine die to meet in Dallas,
CONVENING OF CONGRESS AVOIDED
That the university should be a center of co
operating research was a, vital element ot Mr.
Stanford's plans. A man content with * the
truth that now is and without . ambition - to
venture Into tho unknown should not hold the
chair of university professor. The Incentive
for research should ¦ be within, not without.
Its motive . should not be the desire of In
dividual fame, but the love of knowledge.
• In proportion to the extent - to which It
widens the range of human knowledge and of
human t>ower. in' that degree does an Insti
tution deserve the name of university.: The
value of its original work Is the beat' single
test by I which a university may hi Judged,
and as it is the best so Is it also the severest.
In Its -nubile relations the university stands
for infinite patience, the calm testing of ideas
and ideals. It conducts no propaganda, it con
trols no affairs of business or of public action.
It is the Judge of the principles of wisdom and
the ways of. nature. The details of action It
Tnust' leave . to men whose business it is to
j-ulde' the currents of the moment. ' - ¦_¦
\ When • Leland' " Stanford ' Junior University
was founded it. was. provided -.that in its reli
gious life, as In Us scientific . Investigations,
It (should be wholly free -from' outside control:
No religious sect or organization and no grouD
I . . ¦ ¦ '¦ *> ¦ t -> ,- ' , MUM L - ... ;- 1 i
Incentive for Itesearch.
. That women should receive higher education
as well as men was an axiom with Mr. Stan
ford. Oo-educatlon was taken for granted from
the firat. and the younp women of Stanford
have never had to question the friendliness of
their welcome. '
"We have provided." Mr. Stanford says, "In
the articles of endowment that the education
of the sexes ghall bo equal, deeming It of
Hpecial Imoortance that those who are to be
the mothers of a future generation shall be
fitted to mold and direct the Infantile mind at
Its moot critical period."
That the new university would In time at
tract great numbers of students, Mr. Stanford
believed as a matter of course, although he
found few California teachers who shared this
optimism. ' Hut he was never deceived with the
cheap test of numbers In estimating the value
of Institutions.
He knew that . a few hundred men welt
trained and under high Influences would count
for more than as many thousands hurried in
droves over a ready-made curriculum by young;
tutors themselves scarcely out of college. So
If Was decreed fhat numbers for members'
sake should never be a Koal of Stanford Uni
versity. And he further made the practical
request that not' one dollar.dlrectly or indi
rectly Hhould be spent In advertising:. The
university has no goods for which it is nnx
lous to find customers.
Mr. Stanford Insisted as a vital principle
that' the university exists for the benefit of Its
students, past, present and tuture. It has no
existence or function save as, an Instrument of
education. To this principle ell others should
be subordinate. ¦ In his opening address Mr.
Stanford said to the students of the pioneer
class: "You are the most important factor In
this university. It In for your benefit that It
has been established."
Tltft greatest need of the student Is the
teacher ¦ Mr. Stanford said:. "In order that
the ureclilent may have the assistance of a
competent start of professor*, we have provided
that the best talent obtainable shall be pro
cur»d nnd that llbenU comce'nBatlon fIi.iII nl
ways be offered." Again he said: "Ample en
dowment may have been provided, Intelligent
management 'may secure lanre income, stu
dents may present themselves in numbers, but
In the end the faculty makes or mars the uni
versity." '
Compared with the character of the faculty
every other element In the university Is of
relatively little Importance. Great teachers
make a university great. Tho chief duty of
the college president is the choice of teachers.
If h« has learned the art of surrounding him
self with men who are clean, sane and schol
arly, all other matters of university adminis
tration will take care of themselves. He can
not fall If he has good men around him. And
In the choice of teachers the clement ¦ of per
sonal sanity seemed of first Importance to Mr.
Stanford— the ability to see things as they are.
The university chair should be a center of
clear, seeln*. from which right acting should
radiate. . • ¦ .:;.-.
Believed In Co-Education.
Mr. Stanford's belief that literature and en
gineering should be pursued side by side was
shown by his wUh to -provide for both with
equal generosity. And the students of each
are the gainers by this relation. The devotee
of classical culture Is strengthened by his
association with men with whom their college
work is part of the serious duty of life. The
student of engineering stands with both feet
on the ground. His success In life depends on
the exactness of his knowledge of machinery
and of the basic prlndDles of mechanics and
mathematics. He must be In dead earnest If
he would succeed at all. On. the other hand,
the student of realities gains by his associa
tion with the poet, the philosopher and the
artist. The flner aspects of life are brought
to his notice, and from this association results
tolerance and breadth of sympathy. .
Mr. Stanford shared with Agasslz the Idea
that the essential part of education was a thor
ough knowledge of some one thing, so firmly
held as to be effective for practical results. He
believed In early choice of profession, in so far
as early choice could be wlee choice. The course
of study, however broad and however long,
should, in all its parts, look toward the - final
end of effective life. The profession chosen
early. gives a purpose and stimulus. to all the
intermediate courses of study. He saw clearly
the need of Individualism In education and that
courses of study should be built around the in
dividual man as he is. The supposed nwds of
the average man as develoi>ed by a consensus
of educational philosophers do not suffice for
the actual man as he la In actual life. We must
be- fed by food that is good for us. It is for
us that it must be adapted, not for some aver
age man In some average age. The ready-made
curriculum belongs to the same category at
ready-made clothing. It is something cheap
and easy for the man without individual needs.
tinctly the absolute democracy of knowledge.
The earlier .traditions of Cornell pointed in this
direction and for this reason Mr. Stanford
found In Cornell rather than In Harvard, Yale,
Johns Hopkins or Michigan the nearest exist
ing approach to his own ideal. It was Ezra
Cornell's hope "to foiind an Institution where
any ( person could find Instruction In any
study." Cornell and Stanford, In so far as
they are loyal to these traditions, know neither
favored students nor favored studies. No class
of men are chosen, to the exclusion of others,
and no class of studies Is given a fallacious
Importance through force of academic pressure
or through inertia of academic tradition. While
variouskinds of knowledge are of varying worth
to different persons, each has its own value to
the world, and the value to the Individual must
be determined in each case toy itself. The uni
versity should be no re»rector of persons. It Is
not called on to approve 01 condemn the various
orders of genius' that come to It for training.
There has been no greater hindrance to educa
tional progress than the hierarchy of studies,
the fiction that certain kinds of work had an
invisible value not to be measured by tangible
results.
As a practical man, accustomed to go to the
he&rt of things, Mr. Stanford had little respect
for educational millinery and for the conven
tionalities which have grown up in ¦ or about
the. great institutions ct the Old World. He
saw clearly the value of 1 thoroughness, the
need of freedom, tho Individuality of develop
ment, but cared little . for the machinery by
which these ends were ochleved. So it was de
creed that the, new university should be simple
in its organization, with only those details of
structure which the needs of the times should
develop within It. It must, have precedents
and tradltlonsi.lt must make Its own." . ;
"I would , have , this •institution,'' he said,
'.•help to fit men and; women -for usefulness in,
this life by Increasing their Individual power
of production, and by,' making them good com
pany for themselves and others.", '. ¦?¦ .?: -
¦ No • other university , has recognized ao dis-
Democracy of Knowledge.
The need to train hi» own «on first turned
Mr. Stanford's thoughts to educational mat
ter*. His early acquaintance with Professor
AgasaU, perhaps the greatest of American
teachers, helped to direct these thoughts into
channels of wisdom. From Agasslz he derived
a realizing sense of the possibilities of human
knowledge and the impelling force of man'a
intellectual needs, that hunger and thirst af
ter truth which only the student knows,
"Man's physical needs are' slight," he said,
"but his Intellectual needs are bounded only
by his capacity to conceive." ¦
In the darkne«a of bereavement the thought
came to Mr. Stanford that ' the duty of hW
life phould be to carry out his plans of educat
ing his own «on into effect for the sons of
others. After the long .vigil of a dreary night
he awoko with these words on his llj»s. "The
children of California •hall; be my children,"
And with characteristic energy ho made this
vision fact. Articles of endowmenV were
drawn up, lands and buildings and -teacher*
were provided, and on the first day of October,
18!)1, the new university opened its doors to
tho children of California and to those of the
rest of the world as well.
With all bright auspices of earth and sky, of
hope and purpose, of wealth and generosity,
the new university began. • In Its history ull
who are here to-day have taken some part.
With many of ub it represents the best portion
of our llvee.' Of this I do not now. wish to speak,
but rather to discuss the original Impulse of
the founder. What was Leland Stanford's Idea
of a university, Its work and life?
We learn flntt that he would le&ve the uni
versity free to grow with the coming ages. He
would extend no dead hand from the grave to
limit its activities or to control Its movements.
The deed of gift Is In furor of education pure
and simple. It has no hampering clause, and
the only end In view is that of the help of hu
manity through the extension of knowledge, :
"We hope," he says, "that this Institution
•will endure through ages. Provisions regard-
Ing details of management, however wise they
rr.ay be at. present, might prove to be mis
chievous under conditions which may arise in
the future." ,' ¦•¦• 1 ,. ••.** :'i--, ;>
In our own university the Initial impulse
came from tho heart and brain of Leland
Stanford. The Ideals It has upheld were his
before they were ours. They had been care
fully wrought out In his mind before he called
like-minded men to his service to carry them
into action. It Is well once in a while to
Leland Stanford's Ideals.
For the broad principles of education, .all
universities stand, but each one works out
Its function in Us own fashion. It is this
fashion, this turn of method which sets off
one from another, which gives it Its individual
character. What this character shall be no
one force can determine. Its final cours« '.a
the resultant of the initial impulse, the ideals
it develops, and the resistance of Its surround
ings. No one influence can control the final
outcome. No one will can determine the re
sult, where a thousand other wills are also
active. Nor is thn environment finally potent.
Environment is Inert, except as the Individual
wills are pitted against it.
Of this right use of money your lives and
mine have been in large degree a . product.
This fact gives me the theme of my discourse
this morning, the work of Leland Stanford Jr.
University as it existed in the mind of the
founder before teachers or students came to
Palo Alto to make it real.
Our university Is now Just ten years old. Of
all foundations In America it Is the youngest
save one— the University of Chicago. Yet, as
universities go, in our New World, It has at
tained its majority. It is old enough to have
a character and to be Judged by it.
To the founder of a university a kindred sat
isfaction is given, and not' for a day or a
period only, but for "changing cycles of
years." It Is his part Ho exchange gold for
abundance of life. It Is his to work mightily
In the affairs of men centuries after his per
sonal opinions and Influence lye forgotten. The
moral value of the possession of wealth lies
in the use to which It Is put There can be
no better use than that of making young met:
and women wise and clean and strong.
On? of th ! greatest of the Joys we call
academic Is that of looking Into the eyes of
young men md young ' women with the feel
ing that soi 10 small part at least of their
strength is tne work of our own minds and
hearts. Something of the teacher we see in
the student, and from master to pupil there is
a chain of heredity an real If not as literally
exact as the bodily likeness that runs in the
blood. • -
It is my pleasant duty once again to wel
come a body of young men and young: women
into the ever- widening circle of Stanford alum
ni. The certificates' I have Just placed in your
hands testify to our confidence In your ability
and your purposes. In our eyes, you, like
those who have parsed before you, are youth
of promise. We have done the best we know
in aiding you in • your preparation for useful
ness. The n tt lies in your own hands.
The address to the graduating class by
President Jordan was upon "The Educa
tional Ideals of Leland Stanford." It is
a magnificent presental of the wisdom and
munificence of the revered founder of the
university and reveals a side of Senator
Stanford's character that has not hitherto
been dwelt upon. He spoke as follows:
Dr. Jordan's Address.
At the close of Professor Richardson's
address President Jordan conferred the
degrees, the members, of the class pass
ing before him on the rostrum to receive
their diplomas. For the first time the de
gree of Bachelor of Laws was conferred.
The sole recipient of this honor was J. T.
Burcham, '97, and he was accorded due
honors for the distinction by the storm of
applause which greeted him when the de
gree was conferred.
Education is something like a contagious
disease and your diploma is merely a certifi
cate that you have been exposed ; to an 'educa
tion. It does not by any means signify that
you took It. Even In the colleges where the
standard of scholarship Is the highest some
are bound to get through who are not really
educated.
Tfle Individual must depend upon his own
effort for success. No matter how ! fine may
be his equipment and professors, . they cannot
take the place of work on his part. Nothing
worth while can be gained without work. All
that education does is to place us at the long
end of the lever of work, so that our efforts
are better directed, - hence more ! effective.
The thorough study of any subject awakens
the Interest of the student. He who has gone
to the bottom of a science has a bond ot sym
pathy for every other man who has done like
wise. The mastery of one subject gives us
strength to master another.
To-day there is less false pride than ever
before. Everywhere the men who do the
world's work are receiving credit for It from
all right-minded people. It is the duty of
your alma mater to make you effective and
practical, as well as to give you somewhat of
culture. But culture Is gained by a com
bination of character and attainments. With
out both these you will not be able to fill
your place In the world.
Choose your life work with care. • and as
early as possible; enter upon It with zeal;
see how much you can put Into' It, not how
much you can get out of It; be not too par
ticular about your first position, it is ending
well that counts.
In the absence of Professor George M.
Richardson, who was unable to' attend on
account of sickness, the commencement
address was read for him by Professor A.
T. Murray. The subject was "The Gospel
of Work," and it was a strong presenta
tion of the value of individual effort in
the struggle for education. He said in
part: - , . , - . .
Likens Education to Disease.
¦ The exercises were opened promptly at
half past 10 by the university chorus ren
dering Gounod's "Praise Ye the Father.",
The invocation was by Rev. C. G. Bald
win of Palo Alto.
been added to those of her vigor
ous little band of alumni members. In
point of numbers the class of 1901 is the
largest which the institution haa yet
graduated, and it was easily, ¦ ap
parent that President Jordan : and his
faculty .'were proud of the , long line of
candidates for university honors as they
marched up the aisles* in the spacious new
Assembly Hail, 213 In number. 1 A large
number of the graduating class are wo
men and they made a pretty picture,
garbed as they were in the classic mortar
board and gown. ¦ ' •
>*^ TANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 29.
, (Sii^ —The tenth annual Commencement
. — 5?* . day exercises of Stanford Univer-
Bity are over &XA 200 -names have
Company A of the Veteran Reserves, N.
G. C, will be the guests of Lookout Moun
tain Post. G. A. R. They will go to Odd
Fellows' Hall.' Berkeley, where there will
be a memorial programme. '
The postofttce will close in the morning 1
at 10. o'clock, and there will be only one
delivery during the day. - .
OAKLAND, May 29.— Tho veteran sol
d?er posts. will hold memorial services to
morrow In honor of deceased comrades.
The veterans will parade in the downtown
streets in the morning before 'the exer
cises begin at the Grand Army of the Re
public plat In Mountain View Cemetery.
The Rev. C. K. Jenness of Berkeley will
deliver the oration at the services. Serv
ices will be held also in the evening at
the First Presbyterian Church, when tho
Rev. K. E. Baker, the pastor, will be the
orator.
OLD SOI/DIEBS TO HOLD
MEMORIAL SERVICES
At 9 o'clock mass will be celebrated in
St. Mary's Cathedral for deceased mem
bers of the Catholic Truth Society.
At St. Mary's Cathedral at 10 o'clock
mass will be celebrated for deceased
members of the League of the Cross.'
Th» cadets will assemble at Turk street
and Van Nens avenue at 9:30 o'clock and
march to the church. After services dress
parade and review will be held on Van
Npxj avenue. In the afternoon- details
will hold services over the graves of de
ceased members in Holy Cross and Cal
vary cemeteries.
Cadets' Memorial Service.
Music, orchestra; (a) Introduction of colon,
color guard. G. A. R.; <b) "The Old Flag For
ever," Lincoln Drill Corps; opening remarks,
chairman of the evening. General E. . S. Salo
mon; "Ave Maria" (by Ne*uler), Vereln Arion;
recitation. Mrs. Nellie. Holbrook lillnn; piano
solo, Carel H. M. Verwoort; recitative sketch,
Rophle Ntfscn and Mildred Blyth; vocal koIo,
"Non » Ver," Miss Mary Hagan; oration,
Jlev. William Jlader. D. D. ; music, orchestra;
recitation, "A Hide Against Time," Mrs. Krlna
Broulllard; "America," audience and orchestra;
taps.
Firing minute guns. Fifth United Slaten Ar
tillery; music, Roncovleri'u Band: invocation,
Kev. J. A. B. Wilson, D.D. ; opening remarks,
by the president of the day. Comrade Peter H.
Mass; "Ode to the Nation's Dead," Lincoln
Drill Corpn; Hi-coin's Gettysburg address, Mrs.
J. Lou Hallctt; music, Roncovierl's Band;
original po*»h (Comrade W. W. fitone), re»d
by Mrs. Hattie B. Steele; son?, Lincoln Drill
Corps; oration. Dr. M. S. Levy; "Cover Them
Over With Beautiful Flowers," Ilcncovierl's
Band (while the above is being rendered,
strewing of floral offerings will take place);
firing x-olleys o'er comrades' graves,*^ firing
party Lincoln Post; "America," audience and
band; tape.
The evening: - services, at B'nai B'rith
Hall at 8 o'clock, will be as follows:
Following - is the programme for the
morning services at Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery, to be held at 11 o'clock:
GRAND Army of the Republic — Lincoln Po*t
No. 1, John C. Innos, commander; James
A. Garfleld Post No. 34. A. K. Cohn, com
mander; Colonel Cass Post No. 46, George
VV. Arbuckle, commander; General Georjre
G. Meade Post No. 48, John Murphy, com
mander.
Disabled Veterans and others In carriage*.
At Odd Fellows' Cemetery/
The parade will form with the organiza
tions participating in the following order:
Naval battalion and band. United States Flag
ship Iowa, Lieutenant C. S. Williams,
U. S. N.. commanding.
Trrfop A, N. G. C, and band. Captain Charles
Jansen, commanding.
Hancock '. School Drill Corps, Irving: Scott
School Drill Corps and Lincoln Cadets, .
Comrade W. W. Stone, aid,
. commanding.
Roncovleri's Band.
Sons of . Veterans.
Market-Street Parade.
Charles Edelman is grand marshal,
General Edward S. Salomon is chief of
staff and the following are his aids:
D. P. Stones, chief aid; W. W. Stone,
Sol Cahen, H. W. Mortimer. * A. E.
Cohn, J. C. Innes. 'J. H. Hilton, William
Burgess, SIg L. Simon, Thomas Barn
stead. J. H. Stewart. B. Frank Austin. A.
Sorensen, Dennis McSweeney, J. Kar
mlnsky. Gustave Marck, J. Murphy, L.
F. Smith, A. E. Leavitt, James Kiernan.
ceei by Geary -street cars to Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. ¦
Continued from First Page.
MEMORIAL DAY SERVICES.
PORT TOWNSEND, May 29.— The
steamship State of California arrived
from Alaska to-day, bringing fifty pas
sengers and $100,000 in bullion. A case of
scarlet fever was found aboard and the
vessel was sent to the Diamond Point
quarantine station for fumigation.
Fever on a Goldship.
TACOMA, May 29.— White Horse, Alas
ka, has a new industry which promises
to be more profitable to its owners than
even the gold and copper mines tributary
to the Upper Yukon. It comprises the
first and only brickyard in Alaska, which
is now making brick on a large scale for
shipment down the Yukon on scows to
Dawson. The business is being operated
by B. P. Whitney and C. J. Young, the
latter having discovered a mountain of
clay suitable for making red brick a short
distance west of White Horse. Dawson
builders offer a large price for the brick,
their desire being to erect buildings that
cannot be destroyed the next time a fire
sweeps through the Klondike capital. A
portion of the product will be shipped to
Skaguay. A dozen scows are being built,
each to carry 10,000 bricks down the Yu
kon. . .
. Dawson men have procured a franchise
for an electric light plant in White Horse.
Power will be supplied for the factories
and sawmills tributary to White Horse.
White Horse Firm Shipping Building
Bricks to Bawson. 'fu
One offer of $1000 to ship two horses on
the Centennial, which will leave on Satur
day, was refused to-day. Hundreds of
men have been clamoring all day for
freight space, but not one Inch of unoc
cupied steamer room is to be obtained.
The wharf is piled to the rafters with
merchandise, hay, feed, etc., and loading
will go on night and day, so that the
steamer can get away on time on Satur
day.
?
BEOTEB T7TATT A GOLD MINE.
Each of the steamship agents has or
ders in hand for from 150 to 500 tickets
and could sell as many more if there were
any possible chance of getting a vessel.
Many persons who have failed to pro
ciro accommodations on the steamers
preparing to leave for the far north within
the next week were around to-day offer
ing enormous sums for tickets, but those
lucky enough to possess the pasteboards
refused to part with them.
SEATTLE, May 29.— There was not an
other ticket left for passage on any of the
first vessels preparing to depart for Nome.
This statement Is corroborated by all the
steamship officials. All the gangway space
on the Senator has been sold for cot
imnks, and the demand for passage Is so
heavy that " passengers will be sold the
privilege of sleeping in cots on the upper
decks. It is said that the only tickets
outstanding are a few for the Oregon, in.
the hands of brokers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SteamsHip Companies Selling
Bunk Space on the ,
Upper Decks.
Fortunes Offered for Pas
senger Tickets in
. Seattle.
EAGER TO JOIN
RUSH TO NOME
President David Starr Jordan, in Conferring Degrees Upon Two
Hundred and Thirteen Graduates at Palo Alto, Makes Plain
% the Aims and" Ideals of the Founder of Their Alma Mater
EXPLAINS SENATOR STANFORD'S
VIEWS ON HIGHER EDUCATION
DAVID STARR JORL»^-N, PRESIDENT OP STAFFORD UNIVERSITY,
WHO YESTERDAY CONFERRED DEGREES UPON 213 STUDENTS
WHO HAVE COMPLETED THEIR COLLEGE COURSES. j
2
Rheumatism is 'due to an excess of acyl in the /"^S^ Wil u 1
blood. When this escapes through the pores of the /A^^V^f^W'Alj
skin, as it often docs, it produces some form of skin (f'JT t-Ni-3 m ' . 7-
eruption— some itching disease like Eczema 'or y^^VxJfL 'iSS^
Tetter — but when these little tubes or sweat glands y#f^>jf\"N^2®V '
are suddenly closed by exposure to cold and suddca . /\y\l >OirOl'«^NfrSk.
chilling of the body, then the poisons thrown off by r^^ s /iU^""JbA;; % ,
the blood,' finding no outlet, settle in membranes, .©*••* ¦"" -i^Sji" ¦;•;' v>*
muscles, tissues and nerves. These parts become greatly inflamed, feverish and
hot ; dagger-like, maddening pains follow in quick succession, the muscles become
extremely tender, the nerves break down and the suflerer is soon reduced to a state
of helplessness and misery. ' This. acid poison penetrates the joints and seems to
dry out the natural oils, and the legs, arms and fingers become so stiff and sore
that eyi: / movement is attended with excruciating pains.
Liniments, plasters, electricity and baths, while their use may give temporary
ease, cannot be called cures, for the disease returns with every change of the weather.
¦ , ' ' S. S. S. cures Rheumatism by
"Three years agro I had a ¦over© attack of working a complete change in
la srrippo, which loft mo almost a physical the blood; the acid3 are neutral-
¦wreok. To add to ny wretched condition, a i ze( j the circiiHt 5on i
¦ev6re form of Bhoumatiam developed. I S^V*? "Z 0 "^ lon .P ur J fi f. d a3x^
tried all tho physicians in our city, but none the . n^ h » healthy blood that is
of them could do me any permanent erood. I earned to the irritated, aching
used all the rheumatic euros I could hoar of, muscles and joints, soothes and
but roceivod no benefit. Aftor beginning- S. S. hcr's them. S. S. S cures Rhcu-
S. I was relievod of the pains and havo trained matism even -when inh»»i-i+^ «^
in flesh and -trench and my (roneral health brouthr nr^wif lnnen . ted OT
is better than for years. I consider S. S. S. 1 oa *?£<: «cessxve use
the grandest blood medicine in the world, ? x me fcury. Opium, in some
and heartily, recommend it to any one Book- *orm, 13 the basis of nearly "all
is? roUef from the tortures of Rheumatism, so-called Rheumatic Cures
; ;..; , ¦;¦:¦ B. P. GEEQOBY,»Union," S. C.» . which deaden the pain but do
to ruinous habits. Alkalies and the potash and^raftemedfei^offen ~
adding another burden to the already weak and impoverished blood' S S S coiT
tarns no ; mineral 1 or dangerous drug of any kind : but « « cim*r.7» ' *LZ\ £1 "
mnedy .nd the most pe&ct M~d^ritekLw^'Sa?or^&I^S
ADVEBTISEBOarrS.
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dyv*,
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty; *
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-,
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain b:
the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thsy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable
' -Small "PHI." ~ Small Dose.
Small Price.
THE BEST LAUNDRY IN
. TOWN
Is the way our laundry Is known by every
one In San Francisco. The United States
Laundry, and the whitest linen, the most
perfect finish and garments sent home as
good as when we received them, are all
synonymous. You can't beat us for beau-
ty or finish.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av».
Cured White
CL^»^sL You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
»Or»n-8oW«nt"atMOlTe» Stricture llXe mow t>»*
otatb the iun, rednce* Enlarged Prostate an]
itrengthens tba Seminal Ducts, itoppla* Drains utd
Bmlulona in fifteen Day a. _,_^. ,««_«
Mo drugs to rotn thn stomach, but » dl root loeal
and posture application to the entlr«unjttaral tr»ci»
Oran-Solrent is not a liquid. It is prepared !•
the form of Crayon t or Pencils, smooth »nd flexlSl*
tad 10 narrow u to pass the oloseat Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
. Tbe St. James Ann., Box KM, Cincinnati. O-, bas
¦repared a* rrent ezpensa an exhaust- rnrr
fye illustrated Treat!** upon tbe male LULL
system, which tb*» will send w an/ fRrf J
male applicant, ¦¦Si.a.f
JAMFS A^SN zso sun ex.,
M. JAJ1E3 A33fl., Cincinnati? Ohio.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
} MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
0 £9 155m22XrST.S«.6:h*?.S,S.7.Ci!. i
\ EjT The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
m World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V JgSl diiea« p»»»t»»«-ljr«»r«»dl>ythsolde»t T
0 fsSjSjl Specialist on the Coast Esc 36 year* Q
i n §£y a dr. joroam-oiseases of men p
\ VfoK'SH Consultation free and strictly private \
m B jSfi&L H Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
T ft Yf <7| a /*o«t tfve Cure in every case undertaken. T -
A P I ll 0 Write for Book. PniLesOPBY ot A
f I I l T i HAHIIIAGK. MAILED FREE. (AT
\ (J /]. valuable book for men) \
f nn. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. P. V
OB. MEYERS £ CO- 4Spi%.
Specialists. Dls- | WM?f "i
ease and Weakness , gpfPf r
of men. Estab- yZJ&f mi 11 ' h~
lshed 1881. Consul- Tf^l. «2
tatlon and private \V<3. **^ *
book free, at office : v "^S&Sjv
or by mall. Curej I %*'£'¦!$&*!&&
guaranteed. 7JVI \<S&&&+?fy
Market street Ole- JL. "H^V&^vF
vator entrance;. >Rl\J ' r T§Mfv3L!
San Francisco. N <ir~|J*i^'*
Telephone
Eye-GIasses
Are broken and we will send for them, repair-
ing and returning them tho fame day. Lenses,
60 cents; Astigmatic Lenses. %l and }1 50.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing:. Phone. Main 10.
0PTICIAN5^ h^p«'»/;;^».
o4^ Market ot. immrumcnts
umdeb chbohich BuiiDixfr. CATALOGUE FrCC. _,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
D ami ana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodtstao and Special
Tonjc for the Sexual Organ*, for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid- •
neys and Bladder. Soils on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALF8 A DRL'NB. Agent*.
123 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Clrculan.)
UK. HALL'S HEW YIG0BAT02 RJ353
Flv* hundred reward for any JQibS?
case we cannot cure. Tills secret ¦• Wj
remedy stopa all losses In 21 hours. (^ I
cures Emissions, Inipotency, Varl- Vg *T-r
cocnle. Gonorrhea, Oleet, Kit*. tT jt
Strictures. Lout Manhood and all )£ft fat
wasting effects of self-abu»<? or j*yc*L_ Jr.%
excesses. Sent sealed. S3 bottle; S mom^^mmm
bottles, $6, guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
drew HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 833
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073V*
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
$10 * RUPTURE CURED
foit TE " DOLLARS.
' *tt*Swmr& nBn^ Thousands h.\re brrn raml
-^fjuStt&aar'' l£2tsft£ft;j- at t!i.-ur own homes for this
(i"««S Kss^sS) small price. Greatest Jn-
VSpll^v'l Tentionof theAze. Secnr-
>5*lp§§^n' i^Ps>^ ity and comfort to the rup-
— t-^>^*— ~^- , ttiroL No worthies* <alve*
1. ..—j^l^«^/^?»a or lotions to rub on. It doe*
W ""' <iwi the work. InTertijtate !
"Bootiftto. 1" givln? full information mailed, immeilt
*telr on receipt 2c Mamo and this adTt. Call or nrtdresj
MAtUETIC TRUSS CO. 203 Post Street, SAM FRANCISCO.
NOT A SANITARIUM.
. An erroneous report haa trained circulation
that the El Monte Hotel at Los Gatos Is to be
run as a sanitarium. Mr. John NeviU. pro-
prietor of this popular resort, wishes the pub-
lic to know that the El Monte Hotel will bo
conducted as a strictly first-class hotel, offer-
lnsr soeclal inducements to famUlf. -WASHINGTON. May 29.— These orders
have been issued by the ' Postofflce De
partment: Postofflce established: Wash
ington—Austin, Island County, Thomas
H. Marshall. Postmaster. Postmaster ap
pointed: • Washington — Hattle M. Bryan,
Presoott, Walla -Walla County, vice Sam
uel Wilson, resigned. . .
Second Lieutenant James F. McKinley,
Sixtieth Cavalry, aid de camp, now in this
city, has been ordered to proceed to San
Francisco and report to Major General
S. B. M. Young for duty.
Pensions were issued to-day as follows;
California: Original— Dennis S. Halt, Val
lejo. $6; Kichard Sullivan, San Francisco,
$8; Edward A. Burnham, Vallejo, $«. In
crease — Charles McKee, San ' Francisco,
$8; Leander C. Pray, Vallejo, $8. Original
widow— Mary A. Connolly, Berkeley, $17.
Oregon: Original — George W. Gue, Port
land, $6. Increase — John Catlin, Al
bany, $8.
Washington: Original— John Mills, Te
koa, $6. Additional— Edwin Lake, Colfax,
$8. Reissue— Spary Phillips. Chelan", $17.
War with Spain, original — Samuel • C.
BothweU, Tacoma, $17.
Deaths From Plague.
LONDON, May 29.— Sir Henrv Blake,
Governor of Hongkong, reports , to tlie
Colonial Office that during the v/eek end
ing May 25 there occurred in Hongkong
187 deaths from the bubonic plague.
Changes Among FostofEces and New
Pensions Granted.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
SEATTLE, May 29.— The prosecuting
attorney of this county has discovered a
defect in the law passed by the last Leg
islature, regarding the execution of crim
inals which, it is believed, invalidates it
as to all persons now under sentence of
death, or who may be sentenced belore
June 14, when the law goes into effect.
The law gives a new lease of life* to
Charles Nordstrom, whose last appeal
was yesterday dismissed in the United
States Supreme Court and who waa to
have been hanged Immediately. Other
condemned murderers in the State will he
able to stave off execution indefinitely.
Some lawyers believe that under a de
cision of the United States Supreme Court
in the famous Medley murder case in Col
orado, where the same point was raised,
none of the murderers now under arrest
and sentenced to death in this State can
be handed, the court in the caao -ntintlon
ed havintr held that a similar act "Hissed
in Colorado without a saving clause wnH
an ex post, facto law." There .now Is no
savlnp clause in the, law in" Question in
this State, which prescribes tho hanging
of murderers in the State, penitentiary af
ter a period of solitary confinement.
Death.
Defect in New Law Prevents the Ex
\ ' ecution of Men Awaiting
LEGISLATURE'S EHROR
BENEFITS MURDERERS
BOONEVILLE, Mo., May 29.— The
Laurine, a fourteen-ton freight boat ply
ing between Boonevllle and Rocheport, on
the Missouri River, is a complete wreck,
having been blown to pieces by explosive"
stored on board. Bert Cripe, white, of
Osceola, Mo., and Steve Wilson, col', 'cd,
of Denison, Texas, who were*emj>loye<l op
the boat and who have been' missing since
the explosion, are thought to have been
killed. Considerable damage to adjoining
property resulted from the explosion that
was felt for miles. The loss is heavy..
The steamer was- the property of tha
Rocheport Ferry and Packet Company
and was about ready to leave for the
works below town when the, accident oc
curred. Captain Fred Farris was in
charge. He and the other employes, with
the two exceptions noted, escaped. The
Laurine was propelled by a gasoline en
gine, and when a match was applied to
the generator, the gasoline exploded. The
captain and employes of the boat im
mediately vacated. The tire spread rapid
ly to the supply tanks filled with gasoline
and a second explosion occurred.
In the rear end of the, vessel was stored
2100 pounds of dynamite, about one hun
dred kegs of powder, eight cases of fuse
and 1000 detonating caps. When all this
exploded the Laurine was blown to frag
ments and many thousands of dollars'
worth of property in the city was de
stroyed. .' \
The ferry-boac Joseph L. Stephens, ly
ing 500 yards above the scene of the dis
aster, was badly damaged, the woodwork
of the upper deck and pilot house being
torn into kindling wood. All escaped from
the ferry. The damage to the ferry Is es
timated at H500.
Three residences, belonging to Joe
Sherrer, ¦ Mrs. Sally H. Johnson and
Charles Dunkle, about COO yards from the
scene of the disaster, were wrecked at a
loss of several hundred dollars. Fifteen
plate glass windows in business houtes on
Main street, a half mile away, wore
broken and nearly all of the windows and
glass doors for a mile surroundinc the
scene of the accident were smashed by
the concussion.
Terrible Accident Occurs
in Waters of the
Missouri.
Two* of the Men Employed
on the Boat May Have
Been Killed.
GASOLINE RENDS
RIVER STEAMER
t ANGELS CAMP, May 29.— Robert Ras
mussen, .agent for ¦ Wells Far«ro & Co
committed suicide this morning by shoot
ing himself in the head. . He has been sick
£ f 1 ™ te U and worr J ed over hls condition. R
E - McConnell. the stage guard, remaii-ed
with Rasmussen last night and' had Just
left the sick man a few . minutes before
the fatal shot was tired. Rasmussen wji*
a bachelor "and well to do.
HI Health; Induces Suicide.
717 Market Street, Near, Third,
Where the great factory sale of shoes is
going on, you can buy ladies' and men's
$3.50 stylish and good shoes' all this week
for $1.00 a pair. Bee Hive Shoo Co., 717
Market st., near Third. ¦ • • ;
Strangles Himself in Jail.
FRESNO, May 29.— J. H. Witt, •^•ho was
In jail for vagrancy, hanged himself this
morning at 4 o'clock with a piece of cloth
fastened to the knob of the vault cafe in
what was formerly the Tax Collector's of
fice in the basement of the County Court
house, but is used as a temporary place
of detention while the Jail is under Quar
antine. Witt formerly lived, at Vlsalia,
The knob was so low that with his legs
stretched out and the body about three
Inches from the floor, the suicide stran
gled himself. Witt was a morphine
•"fiend."
SAN JOSE, May 29.— The Hip Sing Tong
highbinders have their hatchets and guns
out for Fong Ling, their erstwhile chief
ta n A v and should he be found no quarter
will be shown him. This turning of the
faithful on their leader is due to Fong's
surreptitiously departing with several
thousand dollars the tong had collected
iJ"oinvarious merchants. Estimates place
the defalcation at from $3000 to J16.000, but
the former sum is probably nearer correct.
Fong s record is a bad one and nearly all
the Chinese highbinder wars of this citv
are charged to him. He is now believed
to be on a steamer on his way to China.
The police are glad to get rid of him and
the. clamoring hatchetmen . receive little
consolation from the authorities
Fong had full .charge of all the finances
of the Hi Pj Sing Tong.- An investigation
was caused by Fong not . paying some
attorney tees [ that I were incurred in de
fending the highbinders. The president of
the society evidently feared the exposure
and fled. Further investigation showed
no returns^ had been made - to the San
Francisco branch, and very few bills paid
and that Fong was short thousands - of
dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cairnes' friends had not been idle, and
their efforts resulted to-day in the filing
of a series of affidavits with Mayor Prary.
In these was related what Commissioner
Carter had said about his intention to
oust the Chief and about it being a per
sonal matter between himself and the
Chief. These affidavits were accompanied
by a long petition signed by business men,
asking Mayor Frary to take such action
as he might deem proper to prevent the
carr>ing out of the plan.
When Mayor Frary received the peti
tion and the affidavits he sent a notifica
tion to Mr. Carter removing him from'
office. Carter will appeal to the courts.
SAN DIEGO, May 29.— Mayor Frary
took a hand to-day in the squabble in the
San Diego Fire Department in 'a manner
which was something of a surprise to the
Commissioners. Some months ago, on ac
count of a difference of opinion between
Chief Cairnes, and two of the Commission
ers, an effort was made to depose the
Chief. It failed through overhaste on the
part of one of the Commissioners and a
writ of certiorari resulted in placing Mr.
Cairnes back in charge. It has been un
derstood since then that when Cairnes'
term of office expired he would not be re
elected. This was the day when his suc
cessor was to have been elected for the
ensuing- two years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Diego Fire Commissioner
Is Removed by Mayor
Frary.
PLANS TO OUST FIRE
CHIEF AND IS OUSTED
Hip Sing Highbinders Thirst
for the Blood of Fong f
Ling.
CHIEF OF THE TONG
ELOPES WITH FUNDS
Consul Gene-al Ho Yow, who Is tall,
dignJfied, diplomatic and intellectual, then
left the stand and returned to his seat.
Miss Cameron and Immigration Commis
sioner North fold of the condition in
which they found the child's body after
her rescue from the home of her master.
"I was educated in Europe." he said;
"so I know tho good institutions like the
mission here in controversy sometimes do.
Some of my people like the missions, but
the pure Chinese are afraid of them.
Those who want to go I am willing should
go, but I don't like to see Chinese forced
into the institution. Those who want
their children brought up in accordance
with foreign customs like the missions,
but those who revere the old customs of
their people do not like the mission; they
prefer that their children should follow
the teachings of their own religion. I
know nothing of the family affairs of Gin
Leung Gow. The child here, however, was
brought to the consulate that I might
vouch that she did not escape while her
papers were b^ing returned to China for
correction."
Ills friend of the Six Companies, Wong
Lum. he said, would be a proper guardian
for the child, and when the case was
called his counsel. Judge Maguirc, pre
sented Wong Lum's petition. Consul Gen
era! Ho Yow took the stand and paid a
tribute to Wong Lum's virtues and then
wandered to the religious end of the con
troversy.
halls wherein Confucius jiow reigns. It
was against hia wish that the child should
become u Christian, he said. He would
have her follow tho beaten path that mil
lions of his people tread In the footsteps
of Confucius. He would have her revere
the memory of her ancestors, that some
day her bones may rest among theirs in
the tombs of the land of her birth.
Leaving the stand, the child leaped into
Miss Cameron's arms, where, at least for
the time, she knew she was safe. Judge
Coffey ordered the case continued until
Friday, when Gin Leung Gow will take
the stand and voice his prejudices against
the religion of the "white devils" and ex
tol the virtues of the teachings of Con
fucius, which he is confident are best
suited to the spiritual needs of little Kum
Ying.
Gin Leung Gow listened attentively, but
made no comment. When little Kum Ying
was called to the stand, however, he
walked to the bar and fiownlngly watched
her as she refuted his claim that he was
her father. Interpreter Dong Gong held
up her tiny, scarred arm while she was
being sworn, and then, as she lisped her
story in Cantonese, repeated it after her
in English.
She said she was born in Canton, and at
the age of two years, her parents being
dead, she was sold and finally became a
chattel in the hands of Gin Leung Gow.
Coming over on the steamer she. was
taught to say that Gin Leung Gow was
her father. They also taught her that she
must bow when she saw the Imperial
Consul General. She was a slave in Gin
Leung Gow'b home, she continued. She
did not addres3 him as her father, but as
her master. She washed clothes and
cooked and cared for a home occupied by
a family of five, she said, and when weary
from her labors and unable to finish in
time she would be cruelly tortured, some
times with burning sticks and again with
other implements. She would be tied down
and again stripped and beaten.
"If 1 must go back," she said, "I will
kill myself. There would be three people
who would beal and torture me. I want
Miss Cameron for my mother. ' Sh6 is
good to me."
CELESTIAL MAIDEN WHO IS THE CENTRAL FIGURE IN SUIT AND
THE CHINESE CONSUL GENERAL, WHO WAS A WITNESS IN THE
CASE WHEREIN POSSESSION OF HER IS SOUGHT.
This girl is Hazel Ross, a 14-year-old
orphan, who has been making her home
with Mrs. Frost on North Fifth street.
She was treated with every consideration
and given the opportunities of a daughter.
On several occasions she came home with
bicycles, but as she never gave a very
satisfactory explanation the wheels wer?
put aside and finally returned to the own
ers. Yesterday she stole a wheel from the
Normal School grounds. She was identi
lied as she was riding: away and the case
was reported to the police. They recov
ered the wheel at the home of Mrs. Frost,
but the Ross girl could not be found. Sh-i
had left the city and it is supposed she
took somebody else's wheel with her.
SAX JOSE, May 29.— San Jose has a girl
bicycle thief, and just now the police force
is searching high and low for her. A half
dozen stolen wheels are placed to her
credit, and as she has mysteriously disap
peared it is believed she has taken another
one with her.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
San Jose Police on the Trail
of a Fair Young Bicycle
Thief.
GIRL WHO PURLOINS
THE SILENT STEED
Gin I-ieung Gow, however, claimed that
he is rot tiie master of little Kum Ying,
bur is h^r father. And behind his asser
tion is all the pold of the Chinese Six
« Torr-panies and their power. Gin Leung 1
G<">w, as a member of the Six Companies,
used all the weight of their influence to
force Consul General Ho Yow into the
lirht to regain the child, and yesterday,
when Miss Cameron's petition for letters
of guardianship vra? called by Judge Cof
fey. Ho Yo\y pat among his people, the
< pi'onents of Miss <"ameron's petition.
Gin Leung Gow stoically watched the
proceedinps. He made no defense to the
<har?t-F of brutality apainst him and his
wile. Neither did he offer an excuse for
las act?. Ho protested, however, against
the appointment of a Christian as the
puardian of the child he claims as his;
that when she passes this world there
r.say rot be an empty niche in the silent
JmGE COFFEY has been called
uj><?n to decide which god little*
Ktua Ting', a Celestial maiden of 13
year*, shall .verve and in the mold
of which rt>llff!on her "spiritual
nf]{" Khali be shaped. Kum Ying wa?
taken from the home of the man she says
it* her master. Gin I^uhk Sow, at Dupont
imd Washington streets, by Donaldlna
<'uin«M-«m. ;mp<'rint«'nd<-nt of. the Presby
terian Mission for Chinese Girls. The
¦word had been taken to Miss Cameron
ihat th<* chii<l was a slave in the home of
Gin IxunE Gow and was cruelly abused.
An pUacfcmerit for the child was se
cured ly Miss Cameron, and 'two deputy
j-hcrlfTs ar-tlng- under the writ, took the
rfalld to the mission. There her body
w-is examined, and from scalp to heels
the was a mass of Fears, cuts, burns and
bruises. She said that she had been
nijupcd by Gin Leung Gow and his wife;
that when she was unable to finish her
v.ork in time her mistress would take a
brand from the stove and hold it apainst
her tiny limbs until the flesh would
scorch. Again she said she was knocked
down with a wooden Chinese pillow,
struck with billets of wood, beaten and
abused, and vhen jipain she would wearily
v.-ait while the family dined and would be
f,iven such scraps as they saw fit to
leave, and sometimes they saw lit to leave
nothing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 30, 1901.
Seeks to Regain Control of a Tiny Celestial Maiden Who Was
Cruelly Tortured in His Home, That She May Grow Up Under
the Care of Confucius and Be Buried Among Her Ancestors
KUM YING'S MASTER OBJECTS
TO THE CHRISTIAN TEACHINGS
3
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THE *
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
"In AH California
_ No Place Like This."
An Outing
On aJJew Plan,
On June 8, this year, CAMP REVERIE will
be opened In a redwood grove on th« Guerm-
ville branch of the California Northwe»tern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
vllle.
Handsome booklets with full details have been
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Hallway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION," room SI. Flood building, San
Francisco. Office hours 12 to 4 p. m., Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
HOT SPRINGS.
A errot to, 1400 feet ' up In the coast range,
overlooking the broad ; Salinas Valley; free
from fog: and winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature; seven miles stags from
Soledad; hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladies;
massage treatment; cement swimming tank,
30x60; hunting and fishing: all popular games;
hotel, cottage" and grounds Illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. : round-trlD ticket J8. C.
T. ROMIE. prop:; J.. O. VALPEY. manager.
. ...NAP A... Napa County.
|S0 DA SPRINGS Cal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL. OF ALL
health resorts.
Rate* Jin to SIB per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAOB
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Hound trip . from Stockton %n.
Btagln* 2H hours first afternoon end 9 hours
next day, arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Bend for Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen' I Agent.' G30 Market st.. opposite Palac*
Hotel. S. F. ; tel. Black 8571. ¦
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
In all California; lots amusement; line walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
waek. Open May 15. Circulars at city office.
91S Laikin St., S. F. DRURT & KHOEGEIU
For the complexion. IndlspensablA for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn nod Infection from Polsou
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
"——-—* ' THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITTS Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
n\jl 1 1 o fj cnoo j w j]| be open to summer
JYIFNI O ruests durinr June and July,
nicniiu Superior climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
dress IRA G. HOITT.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, *2 and *2 P0 per C.iy; $10 to $11 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St., or
address EDSON BROS.. Beswick, Slskiyou
County, Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
" Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard.' pool and other games: every-
thing new;' $7 per week. Round trip by stmr
Point Arena, $7. Ino/ilre at 54 Mission and 14
Pansome ft., or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK,
Point Arena, Cal.
&5O.OO
Or less will cover all . expenses of a 10 days"
trip to Yosemite. Curry's Office, 630 Market
Bt., S. F.
YOSEMITE!!
CflMP CURRY
Makes It possible for you to spend a week or a
month in Yosemtte without exhausting all your
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $45 per month.
Of flee 630 Market st.
YOSEMITE I i
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANYON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further Information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON. Excursion Pass.
Agent S. P. Co.. 613 Market street.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
cino. Visit this quiet little resort for
Folld comforti For particulars apply to 8.
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City. -;/
It is' never too late to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the cozy* . •
Saratoga Springs.
' S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake
County; City Office. 416 Pine street.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VEKANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. - Hot mineral baths near by. Terms.
tl per; day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-.
DOU. 'lessee. . . . . -
fiMDTiVIAD Cottages, camping, fishing;
vAlTll lAILUn 29 miles from S. F.; In tha
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor.
'-¦¦*•. '
The largest - and oldest Champagne
House in. the world. - ¦
» White Seal (Grande Cuvee") of ex-
ceptional bouquet and . dryness.— Court
Tournal. 0
WILLIAM WOLFF 4 00., Peeifls foist Agents
329 Market St , San Frtn:isoo.
THE GEYSERS/?—
OXR OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATT-
ral steam faiths; swimming, fishing, huut-
!np and livfFy. Write for pamphlet.,"!.
manager.
li you wanl to
know where to
go this Summer
Whether to a mineral spring resort,
where you- can get the benefit of medl-
'cinal -waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the' comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can, in a short
walk or drive, commune with nature in
her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream,
Call or WTlte for
"VACATION 1901"
This is a little book .lust Issued by the
California Northwestern Hallway Com-
pany, and Is profusely Illustrated. It pives
camping locations, hotels and . mineral
spring resorts in Marin. Sonoma. 'Mendo-
clno and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $1000 per
week. .
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon" Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
.California streets, Han Francisco.
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING. General Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
SM Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GHKATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club!"
Klghth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Fport*man'B Paradise.
HOTEL METHOPOLK and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information,' hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to • ¦ .
K. C. PECK. Arent.
10 Montgomery it.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO.. .
tgg Pouth Spring wt.. Low Angeles, Cal.
ft fX A n "f%t\ HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
SKUrirtS Co '' onl y .hours from
U/l/IUVW San Francisco: but 9 miles
¦ . " ' staging; water* noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning 'and afternoon stages; lound
trip from S. F. only $5 KO. Take Tiburon lerry
nt .7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
fl2 a week. References — Any guest of the past
Fix years. Further Information at Traveler of.
Pee. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Bkaggg, Cal.
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains" leave Third and Townsend streets at
I 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
! Illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON, ¦ Prop.
The Seaside Resort of Central California, on
Monterey Bay. Opens June 1st. Free booklet.
R. M. BR1ARE, Mgr. hotel. FRANK REA-
NIER, Supt. camp, Capitola, Cal. ,
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES.
FATJSALITO. Only 30 minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marine view; an
unexcelled summer and winter resort; table
and service of the best.
W. G. GRAHAM.
Late of Hotel Mateo. 'Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN X,AKB
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis. livery. ' new . walks
end boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal. . .
VACATION DAYS.
Outing Suits in Homfspun or Golflngs; Jack-
ets pllk lined, made to order only. Special for
the next 30 days . $22..~O
LESTER, Ladles' Tailor, 8 and 10 Kearny St.
SUMMER- HOME FARM, ,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages:
hunting and fishing; artificial. lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; | camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 5C-, open the year round.
Send for circulars. ¦ . : .
. , J. H. HAEPTFKS. Glenwood. Cal. ¦
Yk* TOCALOMA. *arin
. Bertrand Hotel; flrst-class ; accommodations;
reasonable ' rates for' families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND," or Bulletin In-
formation Bureau. . 233 Kearny St., S. F.
I DUNCAN - SPR INGS,
Two , miles from Hopland; best \ medicinal
waters In the State; fine hotel and flrst-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O.' HOWELL, Hopland, Mendoclno Co.. Cal. .
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOilMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. -
$8 per wk. H. B. LAWLET, Callstoga, | Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE. '
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking; ¦
$7 per week • and upwards. F. and A. M. .
SCALES, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal.
• ;; ¦:,.¦•¦ ¦:';f<-'- THE OAKS. .. ; i ':¦. '\
Ot\ BRANCIFORTE . DRIVE— 50 minutes to
beach; >mall daHy by. carrier; private board-
ing. Particlars Mrs. Czarina Smith. Sta. Cruz.
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
- Via . C. ' C. ; Foss' Stase Line ' from Callstoga.
The scenic route. , Livery in connection. ¦ C. C.
FOSS. , Proprietor,; Callstcjra. Cal. ,
- vicHT srrtiNCS, . - »
"The only place in the United 'States .where
Vichy 'Water . is abundant. The only natural
Electric : Waters : ; Champagne -• Baths ; ¦- Springs , ' .
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. - Three miles from .
Ukiah. ? J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.._
WIT I OW PANfH former proprietor W.
ITlLLUlY It An Ul CrandeM— A summer borne
In the redwood?. 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
running water, swimming, croquet, abur.dano
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for Itself.
For particulars. TTTLET * 1LIT**". Santa Crua.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
IVs hours' ride from S. F. ; 5 miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
»rla. eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for t>o«st1n<
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $S to $10 a w»»k.
Special ratps famines. M.MADRID. Vallejo.Cal.
Changed hands. Will hereafter bo open the
year round. Bus meets 9:30 and 11 o'clock trains
from the city at present. The culinary depart-
ment-will receive special attention. • For rates
and particulars address HOTEL MOUNT
VIEW. Ross Valley. Marln Co.. Cai.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed: great relief for people with asthma: SS
miles from S. F. ; fare $1 85; free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery St.. or
of JOHN NEVILL, Proprietor, Los Gatos.
K milts from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good bunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short, distance from Geyser*;
dally mall; 17 per week. Further particulars
sddresn O. H. BLACK. Oeyservllle. Sonoma Co.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cat., 2* mile* by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on- the Coast: temperature 1(3
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rhrum,
¦kin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-stnry
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Bnnrd and lmljcln*.
including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGBART.
Proprietor. '
WILBUR HOT 8ULPHUR SPRINGS.
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 46 miles via C. N. Ry.
or S. P. R. R. Immense swimming* tank.
Bplendld tabl». Come Sundays, try It. Round
trip, $1 10. Telephone, •xpensive Improvement*:
$12 and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEN. Agua
Caliente, Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
DR. C C O'DONNBLU'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnlo and pleasure r»-
eort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in tha world; M
miles from 8. F. The 8. P. R. R. aad 8. F.
* N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers?
to cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park: mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. CDONNELL. office 10214 Market, bat.
6th and 7th. 8. F. If you want your health.
pleasure and lon«»vttv this Is th» plac* to no.
Only Three Hours* Staging?
To the prettiest, healthiest, most rsstfulplae*
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— 110. $12, fit.
US and 118 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery st.. and see photographs ot
hotel and surroundings. We take pleuur* In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG *
WARNER.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is its moat attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first clans
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
Central California
Vendome
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, ptnm
up*, fishing, hunting and swimming: good
table: guests at home: never fall to com*' ba'-k
apaln: send for souvenir. VIC PON'CELET.
Llagas.
Various amusements. Large and small cam-
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rate* only J* and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st or «ddi-?!«n O. W.
R. TREDWAY, Prop.. Glenbrook, Lake Co.. Cal.
GLENBROOK.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
•^ 5 Montgomery st.
SUMER HOME, FURNISHED.
Near Camp Taylor. in- the redwoods; HOO a
month for (our months or more.
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating - air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau.
20 Montgomery , st. ¦*-•-¦
"JOHANNl«?B«'.RG.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LII IE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
pert and Barilett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. . Leave Honland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
. Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage. line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartletl
Springs call for tickets by ' Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. . • -
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommodations
for few guests: mountain scenery, pure air;
$7 per week. -F. McNULTY. Callstoga. Cal.
ROOKSIDE— At head of Napa Valley. Fre«
carriage, hot and cold water, gas. baths,
springs, rooms and br.ard unsurpassed. Writs
for pamphlet. G. W. CHTLER. Calistosra. CaJ.
OWN a home in beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. S30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground fres;
sawmill, depot, store, postofflce at camp:
board and lodging it; take Patisallto ferry. $1
roiyid-trlp. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H.
M. GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Yosemlt*
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Calistoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
. to Harbin. Seigler. Adams, Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trij>
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Calistoga:
also to Middletown. Lower Lake. KeUey villa
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
WeeHy Gall $LOOrerYear
GILROY FASHION CTABLES— Also stase lln»
to hot springs; flrat-clasa turnouts. MATOCK
& HOOPKR. proprietors.*
LAGUNA FARM— m miles from Mt. Olivet
station; boating, fishing, bathing; $S per week.
MRS. R. BALLARD. Mt. Olivet. Sonoma Co.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO MAN IS STRONGER
' HDW HIS STOMACH
The stomach is the vital 'center of the
body. It is the organ from which all
other organs are fed. A weak stomach
means a weak man. There never was a
strong man '.vitli a weak stomach. What
is called " weak stomach " is in general a
diseased condition of the stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition,
which prevents the proper digestion of
the food which is taken into the stom-
ach, and so reduces the nutrition of . the
body. , When all food is taken away the
body starves. When the food eaten is
only digested and assimilated in part it
only nourishes the body in part, and so
the body is partly, starved. And this
starvation is felt in every organ of the
body dependent on the blood which is
made-from food.
The great* variety of the cures per-
formed by Dr. Pierce's Golden ' Medical
Discovery i3 due to its remarkable
,power-to heal diseases of the stomach
and allied organs. It cures through the
stomach diseases seemingly remote, but
which have their origin in a- diseased
condition of the stomach 'and the other
organs of digestion and . nutrition."
« Weak " heart, lungs, kidneys and weak-
ness of other organs is cured with the
cure of the weak stomach. ' j
Mr. Thomas A. Swarts, Box 103, Sub-Station
C, Columbus. Ohio, writes:- «I was taken very
sick with severe headache; then cramps in .the
stomach, and food would not* digest, then kidney
and liver trouble, and my back got weald so I
could scarcely yet around. The more I doctored
the worse I got uutil six years passed. I had be-
¦ come so poorly I could only walk in the house',
by the aid of a chair, and I got so thin I had
given up to die, thinking that I could not be
cured. Then one of my neighbors said, '.Take
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and make
a new man out of yourself.' The first bottle
helped me so I thought I would get another, and
: after I had taken eight bottles I was weighed
and found I had gained twenty-seven (27) lbs. .
in about six weeks. I have done more hard,
work in the oast eleven * months than I did In;
two years before, and I am as stout and healthy ¦•
to-day, I think, as I ever was.". " . .
i Dri • Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure J
constipation. ,
Napa County,
Cal.
' . * ' **Kirst race— Donator, Cromwell. Pat Morrlisey.
Second race— Merops, Mount Eagle, Alicia.
Third race— Ralston, Nullah. Giuto.
Fourth race— Dollle Welthoff. Mission.
Doublet.
Fifth race— Carlo, Achilles. Vasallo.
Sixth race— Ilohenlohe, Casdale, Einstein.
Probable Winners.
Why endurs torture from fleas when you can
set rid of them by u«lu« B«arby's "Fltas-Mu«t-
Oo7" 400 flutter street. ¦¦ . ' ¦ • '
Tho • Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to tho Yosemitc via stage from Mer
ced.' Starting on California Limited . to
day, you uru iit the Hentlnel Hotel, to
morrow afternoon, passing Merced Big
Trees en route, ...
. Aak about it at (HI Market street. •
Yosemite Valley via Santa, Fe.
LONDON, May 29.— At the Manchester
Whitsuntide meeting to-day Frank Gard
ner's Kncombe (Jenkins) won the race for
tho Isnnomy plate. W. C. Whitney's De
Lacy (I* Reiff) ran in this race. Gard
ner's Ulddo (Jenkins) won the Stamgord
.Welter handicap cup. Whitney's Falsan
d'Or won the Philips maiden plate.
Manchester Whitsuntide Racing.
Ethelbert, 126; Prince of Melbourne, 123; Mes
merist, 117; Jack Point, 117; McMeckln. 110;
Batten, 114; Standing, 113; - Maximo Gomez.
113; Alcedo, 112; Sidney Tjucas, 130; Star Bright,
110; Prince McClurp. 108; Gulden, 10S; Charen
tus. 107; Potente, 107; Beau Gallant, 103; Brig
adier, 104; Klnff Bramble, 1W; Decanter, 104;
ProcesBlon/ 104; Kilogram, 103; John Yerkes,
102- Bonnibert.-100: Watercure, 100; Mischiev
ous, 100; Withers, % ,M0;. Toddy, 100; Kamara,
100; Bellarlo, 89; Conroy, 110; Blues, 98; "All
Gold, 97; St. Bimonlan, 05; AUonao, 95; Miltant,
S)2;.Alslke, 87; Zeus, £6.
NEW YORK. May 29.— The Coney Island
Jockey Club announces the following en
tries for the 3;iburban handicap of $10,000,
distance' one mile and a quarter, to be
run at Sheepsbead Bay June 15:
Entries for the Suburban.
Tennis Championship.
.CHICAGO, May 29.— The .Western. Inter
collegiate tennis championship ,m both
singles and doubles will go'to two players
from the University' of Michigan this
year. The championship in loublcs i was
won by; Dan forth and Wherry- of Michi
gan, who defeated Axtell and Gingham,
of the University of Chicago, and the
final in singles will be decided to-morrow
between Danforth and Wherry, who de
feated all the other contestants.
Whitney Brothers Will Go to Chicago
to Flay Eastern Tennis
Champions.
A scratch singles tournament for the
championship of San Francisco will be
played this morning at 10:30 o'clock on
the courts of the California Tennis .Club.
This. is the largest and most Important
tournament held on theso courts for sev
eral years. Four handsome prizes have
been offered, three by the club and one by
Clabrough, Golcher<% Co.
The drawing, held last evening, re3uited
as follows:
Merle Johnson vs. A. Allen (of Woodland);
Sidney Salisbury vs. Chet Smith; George Whit
ney vb. Carl Gardner; Charles Kuehn vs. Nor
rhan Hodsklnson :*Fred Brown (Oakland), vs.
John' Craig (of woodland); ,-Ray ', Cornell vs.
Grant Smith; James Code vs. Drummond Mo-
Gavin; R. N. Whitney vs. Harold Crowell.
George Whitney will surely win '/first
prize, and from tho drawing It looks as If
second-prize would- go to either Bob Whit
ney, Fred Brown or Grant Smith.
The Whitney brothers have received an
offer from J. P. Gardner of the Kenwood
Country Club, Chicago, to go back East
in July and play in the Western cham
pionship for both singles and doubles. The
offer Is entirely satisfactory to the Whit
neys and they will undoubtedly go." Last
year the Hardys accepted the same offer
and made a very fair snowing in the East.
With. George to play the singles and hla
brother to help liim out in the doubles
they should make an even better showing
than the Hardys did. Should they be suc
cessful in. this tournament, they would be
eligible to play at Newport for the cham
pionship of the United States.
SINGLES TOURNAMENT
ON CALIFORNIA COURTS
McFadden was aggressive, hut Dougher
ty's great cleverness was more than a
Ptand-off. The Eastern boxer outpointed
the local lad two to one. He retreated
throughout the bout, but It was the move
of a skilled ring general". Dougherty
blocked in a masterly fashion, and his
left-hand leads played havoc with McFad
den's face in the early part of the battle.
Near the close the Kid became wary and
had his glove up to stop the repeated jabs
that were aimed at his face
McFadden assumed the aggressive in
the first round and followed the shifty
Dougherty all over the ring, .swinging
hard, but missing repeatedly. Dougherty
used his left to advantage and soon had
McKadden'e nose red. In the second the
Kid scored a knockdown that wau due
more to a slip than a punch. Dougherty
wan upon his fret in a Mash and the two
r-ngaged in a give-and-take tight that
aroused the epectato™ to a high pitch of
excitement. Dougherty had MeFadden
bleeding from nose anil mouth in the next
round from straight left Jab«. McFad
den took the punishment and was con
tinually after his man, in tho fourth the
Kid net the pace. Doueherty nursed his
strength and kept on the retreat.
. The fifth round wo* tamo in comparison
Dougherty Wins.
AURELIO HERRERA should take
the first train to the oil belt
and sm^ar his fighting aspira
tions with Bakerefield unction.
Through the grace of Terry Mc-
Govern he was allowed to remain four
tour da and a fraction in -a San Francisco
ring last night, and when he realized that
he was supposed to be a fighter he fell
fast asleep on hto knees while the referee
nnd timekeepers' counted more than the
utv-al decadal allowance for impotent un
consciousness.
In the fifth round Herrera genuflected
to an accompaniment of second counts.
He might have rained himself to his feet,
but he was not in the mind for it. Not
much punishment had he received in the
foregoing rounds, but it was drastic
enough to make the yellow streak of Her
rera loom up in awful saffron tints.
There was somo betting on six rounds—
< vi.-n money, they -said, and the. way the
ficht terminated gives color to the asser
tion that McGovern simply tolerated Her
rcra to the last line within the limit. Not
many who saw the fight last night are
of. the opinion that there were two pugil
ists among those present in the McGov
crn-Herrera mill. Terry the Terrible
from start to finish is the verdict.
jfcGovcrn did riot fight a fistic battle
that redounded to his credit. He left
himself open to attack, he was careless
of his defense and until the fifth round
displayed no inclination to force morpheal
punishment upon his antagonist. Herrera
delivered just one blow during the four
and a half rounds, and its effect was a
broad grin upon the face of the cham
pion.
Some were of the opinion that Terry
was not in condition to end the fight
sooner, that he was heavy on his feet and
could not have comported himself in bet
ter fashion. This was not so. He waited,
and when the time came it was a sad
good-day to Herrera from Bakersfleld,
whose inability and yellow propensities
made him a mark for hard punishing
lists when the time was ripe. Herrera
wan frightened nigh unto death at « the
Etart and simply awaited the unhappy
denouement. Even when he was supposed
to be knocked down and out the yellow
was dominant and prevented him from
rising as tho timekeepers beat the tenth
second.
At the end of the fourth spasm of fight
ing, just as the gong sounded, McGovcrn
landed on Herrera's Jaw. The elats rat
tled and the end was foreshadowed.
"Good-by" said the crowd, and good-by it
¦was. **¦
Compared with the McFadden-Dough
erty fight, which went its full limit, the
McGovern-Herrera mixup was not note
worthy of comment. The crowd, tho big
gest that has come within the Pavilion
walls since the Lavlgne-Wolcott fight,
¦was on its feet half the time these two
bantams were pummeling one another.
There was fight harmony in the air, and
when Phil Wand gave the ' decision to.
l>cugherty the crowd arose, cheering
wildly and vociferously to the echo.
"To my mind McGovern was taking no
chances in his fight with Herrera. He
fought carefully and at times had to ex
tend himself. Herrera is a plucky fellow.
He made a fairly good showing against
the champion and his defeat was no dis
grace. McGovern fought in his usual
Btyle, hitting in the clinches and in the
breakaway. He committed no foul to my
knowledge. Herrera pursued the same
tactics and landed frequently on Mo-
Govern. In my opinion Herrera was sim
ply outclassed."
"Dougherty was entitled to a decision
becauso ho put up the cleverest fight. He
outpointt-d McFtadden in nearly every
round and landed the .. most effective
blows. McFadden deserves considerable
credit for the fight ho put up. His work
was aggressive and ho displayed true
grit. Dougherty's groat cleverness won
him the fight. Both boys fought a clean
battle and deserved the applause they re
ceived.
Referee Phil Wand made the following
statement at tho close of tho evening's en
tertainment:
a number of more rounds. The rules stale
that when a boxer is sent to the fioor the
other man must retire to his. corner. The
referee disregarded the rules. ¦
"I lost a considerable sum on the result
of the fight and won some money on the
fight by rounds."
REFEREE WAND TALKS
ABOUT THE FIGHT
Frank Carrilo, manager of the Bakers
fleld boxer, was highly indignant after the.
defeat of Herrera. Ho claimed that he
was treated unfairly by the referee and he
voiced his protest in' no uncertain words.
He made the following statement in the
presence of a crowd ¦ that congregated
around Herrera's dressing room:
"Herrera was repeatedly fouled by flc-
Govern, and the referee failed to take .io
tieo of the tactics pursued by the Brook
lyn fighter. Ho hit Herrera in tho eli'.ches
after the referee. told him to break" away.
This in itself was a palpable foi;i. Mc-
Oovern should have ritnpped batK to his
corner after knocking Herrera down, ln»
Htcad ho Htoort ovev my man und was on''
top of him ns noon an ho rose to his feet.
Hod Wand compelled MoOovern to go to
his corner Herrera might havo continued
MANAGER CARRILO
• CLAIMS A FOUL
"Herrera is a tough fellow to knock out.
I might have ended, the battle sooner, but
he held on all. the time. I tried to knock
him out in two rounds. ' He has a good
punch and was in great shaoe. Had he
been otherwise, he could not have lasted
the way he did. I was not tired, nor \va*
I faking. I frequently fight as i did to
night. My whole mind was on landing a
right cross and I took many punches to
get in close enough to land it. Mv next
battle will be with ,Tlm Hegarty of Aus
tralia." «
Terry McGovern admits that ha w:n
not in the best of shape for his battle
with Herrera. He says he would have
trained more faithfully had lie thought
Herrera stood N any chance to take away
his laurels. He states that ne was in
trim for the bout, but not In the very
best of condition. This "may account for
his let-up in the third and fourth rounds.
In the opinion of many, McGovern shot
his bolt in the first two rounds and took
things easy in the third so that he could
recuperate his strength. He Jenied em
phatically that he allowed Herrera to stay
five rounds.' While being rubbed down by
his seconds, he said:
McGOVERN TRIED HARD V
FOR A KNOCKOUT BLOW
Morris Rausch, the clever Chicago ban
tam, challenged the winner.by a telegram
which was read at the close of the bout.
J. J. Dukelow and William" Fincke, the
two amateur boxers who were to make
their Initial bow as professional fighters,
did not put In an appearance. I The match
fell through, as both decided to retain
their amateur standing.
m •
to the rounds that preceded It. McFadden
seemed to be the stronger and kept after
his man relentlessly. The boys hit,
clinched, and sparred at long range. The
sixth round was replete with long-dis
tance sparring. McFadden solved Dough
erty's left lead to mouth, and blocked
nicely. Dougherty, seeing this, played for
the gtomach, and in trying to land his left
on the wind came dangerously near being
knocked out. Both appeared tired and
their speed showed signs of diminution.
Dougherty staggered the Kid by landing
lefts on the Jaw In the seventh. The round
was all Dougherty's. - Both came up ap
parently fresh In the eighth. Dougherty's
clever work aroused much applause, espe
cially bo when he ducked out of a danger
ous position and flew at the Kid .with
both hands. They tried In-flghtlng In this
round and It was nip and tuck between
them. In a hot rally Just before the
gong sounded McFadden tripped over tho
ropes, but was up again and went smiling
ly to his corner.
McFadden opened the ninth with a rush
from his corner. He landed a heavy right
on the head and they clinched. Both' boys
began lighting hard and kept up their
earnest work until the round ended.
Dougherty seemed to havo the better' of
this round. When the gong sounded the
signal for the tenth round, tho bantams
rushed out from thoir corners and, with
tho accustomed hand-shake, renewed hos
tilities. McFadden was tho stronger of
tho two and he forced matters. ¦ It looked
at times as If he had Dougherty going,
but the Eastern boxer was lighting back
all tho time. The round was replete in In
fighting and was as lively as any round in
the flgnt. When »he end came Referee
Wand, 'without* a moment's' hesitation,
awarded the contest to Dougherty.
¦ Decoration day will, be a busy day
among the golfers of San Francisco and
vicinity. At the Presidio links them will
be a handicap against bogey, the first
eighteen holes played to count for the
tournament. Robert Johnstone. the club
p-ofeBsional, will allot the handicaps, and
the two players making the best net
scores will receive prizes.
At San Rafael play will bo going on all
day. At 10 In the morning the ladles will
begin the qualifying rounds for the La
dles" cup, the eight handing in the lowest
scores ' to qualify, and a prize being of
fered for the best handicap score.- At the
same hour tho qualifying rounds for the
Council's cup for men will begin, the •sight
lowest scorers to qualify, and a prize be-.
Ing offered for the best net score. The
opening match play rounds in both com
petitions will be played on Saturday, June
1, the ladies beginning at 10 in the morn
ing and the men.at 2 in the afternoon. The
annual election of officers, which was set
for "last Saturday, will be held to-day at
the quarters of the San Rafael Golf Club.
On the links at Fort Baker there will be
practice, but no formal tournament, the
clubhouse being not quito ready for occu
pation yet. . '
GOLFERS AT PRESIDIO
AND SAN RAFAEL LINKS
The- game between tho San Francisco
and Los Angeles baseball teams will be
called this afternoon at 2:30. The line-up
la as follows; ,
¦San Francisco. Positions, Los Angeles.
Graham Catcher Spies
Iburg Pitcher ...Hartwell
Pabst First base Hutchlnson
Schwartz Second bane "..Brlneno
J. Rellly Third base Rel y
Krug......... Short stop Kelly
Hlldebrand........ Left field. Bowman
Croll Center field Householder
Nordyke .Right field ....Brockhoff
San Francisco vs. Los Angeles.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON, May 29.— Boston-Chicago fame
postponed; wet grounds.- . ,
MILWAUKEE. May 29.— Three triple*, two
doubles and four nlnglcs In tho first four game*
gave tho Philadelphia Athletics elsht runs, a
load which the locals .were unable to overcome.
•Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. "• E.
Milwaukee 4 5 3
Philadelphia 8 > 11 4
Batteries— Reldy, Dowllng and Leahy; Platt
and Powers.
CHICAGO, May 29.— Howell pitched a clever
game for Baltimore to-day and the visitors
outbatted. Chicago 2 to 1, but rank errors al
lowed the local team to pile up- run after run
and' win .easily. Attendance, 1100. Score:
Clubs— R H- E.
Chicago ] 6 z
Baltimore 4 12 6
Batteries— Kattoll and Bugden; Howell and
Robinson.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 20.—aeveland-Bos
ton game postponed; wet grounds.
and American Leagues.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Results of the Contests in National
EASTERN BASEBAIil* GAMES. \
SCENES AT THE McGOVERN-HERRERA FIGHT WHICH PLEASED A FEW, BUT FORCED CENSURE FROM
THE LIPS OF THE OLD RING GOERS WTJO WATCHED HERRERA DEVELOP A BROAD YELLOW STREAK
SOON AFTER THE GONG SOUNDEDl
One mile, selling— Ladas won, Lady Curzon
second, The Wag third.' Time, 1:42%.
Five furlongs, purse— Sans Pariel • II won,
Helen Print second, King Daly ¦ third. Time,
1:02.
One mile and three-sixteenths, over five hur
dies—Colonial - Dame won,. Mr. .Rose ¦ second,
Eva Moe third. Time, 2:17. ¦ <.
One mile and three-blxteenths, selling— Zonne
won, i Sliver Coin second, Chopin ¦ third.' Time,
'>"-One mile and a sixteenth, . purse— Bowen won.
Wall second, deary third. Time, 1:48*4.
Six and a half furlongs, . selling— Irish Jewel
won, Ben Ledl second, Brulwlo third. Time,
1:21.
TORONTO, Ont., May -29.— Results: - : ' ....
Six furlongs— Andratttis • won, Silver Garter
second, Plllardist third. Time, 1:17. -
Five furlongs— Miss Blarney won. Miss Lob
ster second, Laracor third.- Tlme,l:0*H. *
• Steeplechase, two miles— Arrezzo won, Basle
second, Ell Klndlg third. ' Time, .4:49. .
One mile and a • sixteenth— Procession won,
Orontas second, Colchester third. Time,' 1:51. -
One . mile— Montreal won, x Algy M second,
Cherry Wild third. Time, 1:45. . .
Five and a half , furlongs— St. David ¦• won,
Ghetto second,', Magnus .Troll third.. Time, 1:0*.
CHICAGO, May. 29.— Hawthorne summary:-
Seven furlongs— Charley Moore won, Merito
second, . Ieallne third. Time, 1:27%.
Five furlongs, ' selling— Blennenworth won,
Harry Brent second, South Klkorn third. Time,
1:011-5. . . ¦ - .
One mile,' selling— Moica won, Knight Hxn
neret second, Plead third. Time, 1;41V4, *
< Free handicap, seven furlong*— -Silurian won,
Dyxona ¦euond. Fancy voort third. .Time, :B7»i.
One mile and nn »-lglith, »e|iinR-Kspl/ir»igo
won, Trebor second, J3e» Chanc* third, Time,
1:64. • '-.*. f^aeuimeSiymm
', Flvi» 'furlon*«"Evenin|r ¦ Star, won, Herxa
second. Nellie Waddell third. Time, 1;C». #
ST. LOUIS, May 29.— Fair Grounds summary;
CINCINNATI, May 20.— Newport summary:
Ono mile, selling— Mleou won,' Tangible sec
ond. Rowdy G third. Time, 1;45V4.
Six furlongs— Corialua. won, Robert Gray sec
ond, Tho Bronze Demon third. Time,. 1:16.
Four and a half furlongs— Tom Crabb won.
Miss Gaines second, Martha D third. Time,/:B7-.
Ono and a sixteenth miles, selling— Eltholln
won, Hlnsdale second, Albert Vale third.
Time. l:50V4.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— St. Hlra
won, Ben Hullum second, Pal' Bart third.
Time, :56%-
Seven furlongs, selling— Frances Rose won.
Fairy Dell second, McCleary third. Time, 1:23.
NEW YORK,. May. 29.— Gravesend summary:
Five furlongs— Five Nations won, Tohula
second,' Genton Gray third. Time, 1:03 2-5.
One and an eighth miles, selling— Andronlcus
won, Doubledummy second, Lanceman third.'
Time, 1:58-4-5.- •
"Five furlongs— Meridian won, Smart Set
second, Peninsular third. Time, 1:03.
One mile and a sixteenth— Janice won, Hum
boldt' second, Wallabout third. Time. 1 :51 1-5.
About six furlongs — Margravlate won. Scurry
second, Billionaire third, rime, 1:114-5.
One mile and seventy yards— Dactyl won. All
Saints i second, Roxane third, • Zeus fourth.
Time, 1:50 3-5. Dactyl disqualified for foul: All
Saints placed first, Rozane second, Zeus third.
in Several Cities.
One, Two, Three Winners on Courass
BA)CES ON EASTERN" TRACKS
Sixth race— On« mile and a sixteenth; 4-year
olds and up; selling.
2512 Ilohenlohe Ill 2478 Alturas ••••;—l°»
KU Ringmaster' ...108 2502 Tom Calvert...lOS
(2r<02)Hylvan Lais... 10tJ 2505 Pin* 103
( MT Z 108 2498 Hnlps 106
2517 Burdock 104 2478 Ktrwteln 108
2494 Frank Duffy.. 104 2507 Cosdale 108
2433 Melkarth 108
Fifth race— Five 4 furlongs; 2-year-olds; Me
morial handicap.
(2452)Hnowberry .....10U 2 60 Jar-tlerre d'Or.116
(2472)l>ouwel«ea 119 2430 Achilles 105
25OS ; Vmmllo ....... .105 (2490) Carlo 113
2477 Clear Sky 90 2MS Lento »B
2520]Jivlna 104 2503 St. Phllllpplna 103
¦ Fourth race— Six furlongs, 8-year-olds and up;
Decoration handicap.
(25OODoublet 117 2471 Ala* 85
•2479 Pollle Welthoff 93 2323 Clarando ...... 88
2498 Mission 100 2522 Good Hop* 103
third race— Six furlongs; 4-year-olds and up;
8 2440 n naKdad 1051 2461 Gibraltar W8
2482 Mike Rtce 105 (2391)Gusto 10S
247» Nullah 103 (24S8)ail«sando lto
2455 Ralston 105 2522 Duckoy 105
Second race— One mile and a quarter; 4-year
olds and up; selling.
(2514)H'ry Thatcher.109 2317 Kastaine 107
2?,14 Mont- Eagle 103 2502 Dr. Marks 109
2517 Alicia 107 2517 Merops 109
2486 Lost Girl W 2517 Sunello 109
* . -- —7*
First rftce^Seveir furlongs; 3- year-olds and
up; selling.
2433 Cougar ..'.¦......105 2483 Follow Me:..... 102
2502 iTie Buffoon... .111 2499 Pat Morrissey..lll
,^516 Our Choice 102 2500 Matilda O......100
2488 Rio Chlco....Y..lll 2517Rlnaldo- Ill
2503 Donator : ;1U 2505 El Mldo ...Ul
2499 Cromwell 114
To-Day's Entries.
The Oakland officials have consented to
allow Marty Bergen to accept mounts
again. There never was any ruling
against- Marty, but his form got a trifle
rusty and possibly It was thought a rest
would sharpen him up. The old-time rider
has had sickness in his family and has
otherwise been pecuniarily distressed, and
while not the rider of former years un
doubtedly deals out the best he has.
Russell, who rode Coal Oil Johnny, had
his leg bruised by being crowded against
the inner rail about three furlongs from
home. Only a novice would "have picked
out -the route he took. - '
Track Notes.
Almoner, tha favorlto In "the first race,
captured the five and a half furlong dash
In handy fashion. Taking tho lead at the
•tart, McCarthy kept Almoner Just far
enough ahead of the pack to carry away
the first money. Alexander on Meadow
Lark worked up elowly from the last posi
tion and on the stretch beat through the
bunch nnd took tho place from Monda.
La Calma was the favorite In the second
race, selling for a $300 purse over one mhe
and a fifty yards tacked on, but there
never was a moment when she gave Posi
tion aii argument. Tho latter was well
handled bv> Alexander along the back
stretch. Turning Into the finish Position
had a neck tho best of It and when the
wire- was cut La Calma was a couple of
lengths shadowing the background. Sen
ator Ma tts. the leader In tho. first section
Of the coins, was driven- to a show by
Bassinger. : •'-:*,'
, B. C. Greone, with Basslnger up, an
nexed the four-furlong event. . Coal Oil
Johnny was the favorite, but there was a
slum-,* In stocks and Coal was the last to
be listed. The Greene, at 8 to 1, led all
the way, Yellowstone working In for the
plate and Divina.i at good ,odds, .coming
In for the show. • . -• . •
McAlbert, with Hoar astride, captured
the fifth race over six and a half furlongs.
Mocorlto and Dangerous Maid werje the
first and second choices, the latter lead-;
ing pretty much all the way until the
finish, when - McAlbert, driven. hard by
Hear, came under the wire with gladsome
tidings to the few who carried McA. tick
ets. -.—
The last on the card, a -. six-furlong
event, belonged to the sleight of hand per
f6rmer Prestidigitator and was another
win for Hoar. Far in the pack at the start
Prestldlgator passed one after the other
and teamed with Racelto for final honors.
Racetto was considered a -20 to 1 chance,
although booked at 9 to 1. Flamero and
Racetto had a hard tussle for the place,
but Racetto won out.'
tip was not off color. Four purse
aspirants started— Rey Dare, Rosormonde,
Byron Rose and Prejudice. Tho last was
a 6 to 6 favorite, with plenty of backing,
but Rey Dare wore blinds and Rained a
superstitious support on that account.
Tho itart, which was a fair one, showed
Rosormonde and Prejudice to the fore, Rey
Dare being cut off. But It was just this
fact that' was Instrumental In securing tho
first money for the colt that George Webb
has been training for the last six months.
Working out of a pocket, Stuart on Rey
Dare took the lead on the back stretch
and won out, Rosormonde and Byron nose
closing up at the finish. Rey Dare was
listed at 13 to 6 at post call. This colt 1m
a good performer and gives t promise of
better worlc. ¦*
A LUKEWARM tip circulated About
tho rlnar that Rey E>are would
gallop In for the one-mile event
at Oakland yesterday, and the
By Louis Honig.
Two stakes' v/Hl be "run oft at Union
Coursing Park on, Saturday and Sunday.
The sapling .represent* '¦¦ tho beat blood
HtnUiiH on the coast, and the open stake
will bo composed ¦, of tho • best racing
hounds now In training. Coursing will be
gin both days on the arrival of tho 10:15
train. ¦ i .; /
t A speclal^tiollday stake of sixty-four
nomination* Is being* run to-day at Union
Park. Following Is tho result of last
night's drawing:
Open stako. 113 entries— Paths. Kennels' n«&t
Article vh, <JoorK.! gharman'a Mid* (Skyrocket;
F, A, McComb'n J<o>al J-'lunh v». Hold Dust
Kennels' JJrimia; J<\ A, McComb's lionit t'ldo
v«. H, N, Kellogg' h Frisco Lad: flterl &
Knowlei' Ripple vs. V. Jonas' Wedgewood:
P. M. Curtlt' Anchor- va. Aeneld Kennels'
AKiiiununiiiMii; 8. Hchou's Lawrence vs. V. 3.
liellly's The GraMferj' Pasha Kennels' Kandom
Aim Vs. W, C. de D. Lope2 & Son's Jewess;
Pasha Kennels' Holllcklng Air? vs. Russell Se
Allen's Scotland Yet; L. K. Barter s Best Bar
gain vs. L$. V. Bartel's Banner Bright: H. H;
Gray'o Commander v». P. M. Curtis Echo;
P, M. Curtis' Vagrant vb. Pasha Kennels'
Round About; H. Perlgo's Controller vs. p.
M. Curtis' Narcissus; a! R. Curtis' King Cot
ton vs. W. C, Glasson's Sleigh Bells; Gold
Dust Kennels' Forget vs. P. Jackson's Honor
Bright; F. Schou's-Lady Glencook vs. A. -R.
Harrlson"s Briar' Root ; Aeneld Kennels' Athena
vs. F. A. McComb'H Hot Haste: Russoll &
Allen's First Foot vs. W. Kahn's Imperial;
A. Vander White's Flora McDonald vs. Yo
semlte Kennels' Mose; Pasha Kennels' \ Royal
Anne vs. Russell &. Allen's Lady Claire; J.
Smith's Boney Boy vs. -.A. R. Curtis' Vulcan;
M. R. Parkinson's Ben Lomond vs. B. Geary's
American; P. N. Curtis' War Eagle vs.
Thomas Mahas' Bad Boy: P. N. Curtis' War
rath vs. Chiarini Bros.' Brass Buttons; P. N.
Curtis' McKinley vs. George Sharman's Black
Flush ;-F.- Jones' Harlcan Gladys vs. F. A.-
McComb's Little Sister; A. R, Curtis' Charter
vs. Georpe Sharman's Chicago Boy; P. J.
Rellly's Warship vs. Pasha Kennels' Bell
Rocket: A. R. Curtis' Luxor vs. C. Bonner 3
Wild Norah; W. C. Glasson's Dewdrop vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rocker; E. N. Kellogg s
Buck vs. D. Toland's Twilight Jr.; A. R.
Curtis' Blue Ribbon vs. Pasha Kennels' Fiery
Face; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs. Aeneld
Kennels' Fine Fire; Pasha Kennels' Snapshot
vb. H. Perlgo's Lady Davenport; P. N. Cur
tis' Shadow vs. E. N. Whlteslde's Gold Bur;
Pasha Kennels' Lawrence vs. P. J. Rellly s
Royal Union; J. Kane's Greenhorn vs.
W C. de B. Lopez & Son's Eager;
Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells • vs. Pasha
Kennels' Sir Pasha; Slerl & Knowles' For
"Olory vs. A. R. Curtis' Rector; Star Kennels
Mayflower vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha: Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. L. F. Connell s
White Hat; George Sharman's Bowery Boy
vs. H. H. Gray's Bannock Burn Sterl &
Knowles' Sleety Mist v.x. W. C. de B. Lopez &
Son's Sara; T. J. Cronln's Vixen v«- E. N.
Kellogrg's Iowa Lad: F. A. McComb's Motts vs.
Russell & Allen's Rosey Claire; P. Jackson s
Golden Russet vs. W. C. Glasson's lone; Pasha
Kennels' Roberts' Army vs. Chiarini Bros.
Santonin; H. Perlgo's JJohe vs, P. J. Rellly s
Plow Boy; E. N. Whlteslde's Greenback vs.
E N. Kellogg's Sweet Kmma: L. M. Collins' St.
Helen- vs. Pasha Kernels' Red Agate; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist vs. fiterl & Knowles'
O'Hara; -,Rusnell & Allen's Castaway vs. Rus
sell & Allen's- Spiteful; Star Kennels'. Game
Boy vs. J. Smith's Master Workman: A. R.
Curtis' Candelaria vs. W. Kahn's Gold Ore;
Sterl & Knowles' Oleta vs. D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl; George Fredrickson's Grand
Marshal vs. T. J. Cronln's Vandal; A. R. Cur
tis' Loyal Lad vs. P. Doyle's Liberator. ¦
Sapling stake, 14 ' nominations^— F. Jones
Dorothy Bell vs. F. A. McComb's Fiery Friend;
John Kerrigan's Barbara Frltchie vs. Pasha
Kennels' Reported Absent; George Sharman's
Silver Coin vs. George Graham's Lady New
ark: John Kerrigan's Adamantine vs. Pasha
Kennels' Real Aristocrat; . Pasha. Kennels'
Regal Attire vs. ¦ John Kerrigan's Prome^hus;
Pasha Kennels' President Agent vs. .H. H.
Cray's Mad Girl; H.JH. Gray's. My .Dog vs.
George C. Graham's Erhln Bey. ' - ' . ¦
Blooded Saplings and Orack
Performers < Are to
Contend.
Two. Big Stakes, to Be
Run Off at Union
Park.
FAST DOGS WILL
BE UNLEASHED
HERRERA'S COURAGE NEEDS
A DEAL OF LOCAL OILING
Bakersfield Man Flashes Signs of Saffron in His Battle With Terry
¦ McGovern, Who Wins Easily in the Fifth Round of the Con
test, Last Night After Some Desultory and Careless Fighting
REY DARE, SECOND CHOICE,
WINS THE MILE EVENT
Favorites and Some Longshots Divide the Purses at
the Oakland Track— Strong Play on Position .7 in
¦ the Second 5 . Race for the Three-Year-Old Runners
+ ¦ ' — — *• i- ' N '
WHEELER TELLS
ABOU T NOYES
Clerk of the Nome Judge
Testifies as to His
Acts.
Is Oblivious and Ignorant
Regarding Matters of
Contempt. *
In response to a citation Issued by th*
United States Circuit Court of Appeal*
Archibald Wheeler, stenographer for
Judge Noyes of tho Federal district of
Alnnka, appeared before ¦ United States
Court Commlsmioner Ileacock yesterday
afternoon to teatify in the contempt cases,
now before tho Court of Appeal*, F. D.
Madison- appeared on behalf of E. 8. Pills,
bury, amtcus curlae. and Thomas J. Geary
appeared to protect his own interests.
Mr. Wheeler testified that he was an
attorney and resided in - Minneapolis.
Minn., although since he left his employ
ment in that city to accompany Judge
Noyes to Nomo as his private clerk ha
had not practiced lew except in a few
cases last September In Alaska.
After that time his salary us clerk for
the Judge was fixed by the Attorney Gen
eral's department and he discontinued
practicing his profession.
When the writs of supesedeas Issued by
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals were received by Judge Noyes be
handed them to Wheeler, remarking at
the same time that it was the practice in
such cases to issue an order staying pro
ceedings in the mining cases. The Judgs
thereupon dictated an order staying pro
ceedings, which the witness took down
in shorthand and afterward transcribed
on the typewriter. The witness never
heard Judge Noyes discuss the orders of
the Court of Appeals or the court Itself,
nor was he present at the meetings be
tween Judge Noyes, Hubbard and others
In which Judge Noyes is reported to have
said that the order appointing a receiver
was not appealable.
"Were you," asked Mr. Madden, "pres
ent when Judge Noyes said: 'By - — , I
hope that McKinley Is elected; I'll fix
those fellows' "? •
"No, sir," replied the witness.
"Did you eyer hear Judge Noyes say
that Judgtf Morrow was a fool or was
oelng fooled by parties In San Fran
cisco?"
"No. sir." • ¦ ¦ V
The witness was asked with respect to
an order issued by Judge Noyes in the
form of a letter addressed to the United
States Marshal, commanding the Marshal
to protect life and property and preserve
peace and order In the town of Nome. At
that time there was danger of a riot
among the miners. The letter did not con
tain anything with regard to any gold
dust. It was simply a personal letter, and
the witness did not remember seeing Alex
ander McKenzle's name written In It at
all, or any instruction to prevent Mc-
Kenzie from having access to the vaults
in which the gold dust was kept.
Mr. Geary remarked that If the town of
Nome was destroyed by fire and all the
records were lost he would produce every
paper connected with tho contempt cases
in the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals by October 14, the date fixed In the
order to show cause.
The witness, resuming, said that ho did
not know of any orders issued by Judgo
Noyes impeding tho carrying out of th»
write of supersedeas.
The witness added th?.t although he had
been present at several conversations be
tween Judge Noyes and ex-Congressman
Geary he had never heard them discus*
the writs of superscdeaa. He was not
present, he said, when General Randall,
Judge Noyes and others were suggesting
the removal of the gold dust to 'St. Paul
or elsewhere, if any such conversation
ever did take place. Mr. Wheeler admit
ted that he took a letter from Judge
Noyes to Major Van Arsdale just before
the soldiers were detailed to guard tho
vaults, bat he did not know tho contents
of the letter. ¦
The further taking of testimony was de
ferred until June 10.
The annual racing meet of the Golden
Gate Park Driving Association will be
held at Tanforan thin afternoon. A spe
cial train will leave Third and Townsend
street depot at 12:30 o'clock.
The programme of races Is as follows:
First race, 2:40 class, best two la three— Dr.
McLaughlln's A. B. P., M. M. Donnolly'i
Pious. Dr. I. B. Dalziel's Belle, H. F. Patrick'*
Denny Healey.
Second race, O'Kane- challenge cup. 2:30
class— B. H. Algeltlnger's Bobby J, A. F. Ja>
cobs' Eden Vale, C. E. Parks' Imp. IT. W.
MUler'a Lady Falrose, J. P. Curley'a Prtnc*
C. J. C. Outcello's Porto Rico, Nell Prender
gast's Bolivar.
Third rao*, teams, one mil* dash— Charles
Newman's Maude Newman and Meer Bell, A.
F. Jacobs' Eden Vale and Crescent, E. V.
Kachs' L«on Franks and Dave Newman, E,
II. Algeltlnger's Our Jo« and Ivan.
Fourth race, free for all— H. II. Dunlap's
King Cadenza. William Van Kernen's Mattl*
B. R. Millar's Ooldle, D. E. Mlzner's Sab!*
le Grande.
Fifth race. 2:30 class— James (/Kane's 8an
dow, J. Doran'a Lady O, II. Sc hot tier's AU
meda Maid, F. Gommet's Lafayette.
Following arc the officials:
Starter. T. J. Crowley: Judges, H. B. 81o-«
cum. J. C. Klrkpa trick. F. G. O'Kane; racing
secretary, II. F. Patrick; marshal. Dr. I. B.
Dalzlel; timers, I>. E. Clawson and 7. V,
Vetter.
FIVE GOOD EVENTS IN
HARNESS RACING MEET
OAKLAND RACETRACK - Wednes
day, May 2D 4 1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
2318. FIRST nACB-Flve and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
puw, $300, . . ¦',.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H. Btr. Fin.
2428 Almon«r, B. !22..MeCarty 2 1 h 11 1 J*
2447 M. Lark. h. 122.AK»xnder 9 9 H » Jfc
IS12 Monda, B, 113 Hazard 7 Bn 6 2 6H
2KO9 Tulma, 4, 112 Stuart 1 4 1 iH J
2609 Faverlto, '4, U9 ..Dlnglcy 4 12 »h 8J
2231 Devenmux, 4, 109. ..Hoar 5 3 li 2 h 6 5
2143 K. Augustine, 6. U2.HnSr 6 3 ', 7 3 7 3
24W March Heven. 4, 107. Prior » 7 1 i S » ?
2080 Rummer, 4, 122,...8hleldg I In I »
Time-S-W, :KV4i H, :23Vi ; H. :BO\:'JHf. 1:M'4.
wood start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, Jnrnrs McCarty's b. g. b>
Imp. Mldl&thlftn-Charlty, Atmon#r probabl>
best, although Mtadow Lark clo««d very
strong, Mondd-ran n, fair race. .Devcrtaux
killed himself oft at tho po*t. 8crateh«d-nine-
RiAstcr 112, Olnrehe Bhenpard 107,
li«ttlng— Almoner, 3-2; Meadow Lark, 10;
Mondn, 12; Talma, 13; Fftvorlto, 12; Devereaox,
1««6; Han Augustine, 10; jlnrch Heven, 40; Bum*
mer, 20.
2.% 10. SECOND IIACE-One mil* and fifty
yards; selling; maidens; three-year-olds and
upward; purse, |300.
Index. Hone, Wt, Jockey, fit, }&. 8tr. Fin.
2471 Position, S, 10S.A4exander 4 3 h In 11
2509 Tai Calma, 3, lOli.StUart 3 5 « » H » %
Z6O0 Sen. Matts, 6, llO.Basgr 13 2 3 n 3 n
2506 Spindle, 3, 98.Fauntleroy 6 4 1 4 1 4 8
2131 Begonia V, a, lOS.Rusall 8 7 8 5 h 8 3
2491 Cavanaugh, 8. DS.Tampln « 6 n 7 20 6 6
, 2435 William F. 4. 105... Hoar 2 1 h 6 1 7 20
2506 J. Shrpshlre, 4, llO.Bzmn 7 8 8 S
Tlme—50 yards, :03%; M. :23%: H. :«&: %.
1:16%;- mile. l:44tf ; 1 mile 50 yards, 1:47%. Good
start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner, J. Creely's br. g. by Racine-Pottery.
Position wanted to fie down at the finish, but
there was nothing to take him. U Calraa did
her best. Senator Matts ran a nice race for
him.
Betting— Position, 7-2; La Calma, 1; Senator
Matts. 8; Spindle. 10; Begonia V, 7; Cavanaugh,
75; William F, 13; Judge Shropshire. 30.
2520. THIRD RACE-Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purse, $350. . (\
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. «4. Str. Fin.
(2497)B. C. Greene, HS.Basngr 3 14 11 1 %
(2.J0S)Yellowstone, US. ...Hoar 4 2 % 2 1 2 3
2501 Dlvlna. 115 Hafley 1 6 1 3n 3 1
2430 Dandy, 118 Bragg 7 7 7 4 2
2501 Irma A. 115..Fauntleroy 6 3 h 4«i 8 14
2419 Tomplon. 115... Alexander 2 4 2 4 1 6 3
2484 Cl. Oil Johnny, US.Rusll 5 5 2 6 1 7
Tlme-H, :24; %. :49tf. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, T. El McLaughlln's
ch. c. by Bowling Green-Katie by the. Door.
B. C. Greene was backing up at I the finish.
Coal Oil Johnny interfered with by Irma A,
and knocked out of the race. Yellowstone rao
to his notch. Scratched— Carlo 118. .
Betting— B. C. Greene, 8; Yellowstone, 5;
Dlvlna, 10; Dandy, 200; Irma A. coupled with
Yellowstone; Tomplon, 8; Coal Oil Johnny, 3-5.
2521. FOURTH RACE— One mile; three
year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. . Str. Fin.
(2494)Rey Dare, 3, 98.. ..Stuart 1 1 V% 1 1 1 h
2498 Rosormonde, 6.' 116-Fntry 3 2 h 3 3 2 Hj
2496 Byron Rose, 98 Hoar 4 3 n 2% 38
(2507)PreJudlce. 4. 104..Alexdr 2 4 4 4
Tlme-tf. :23; %, :13%; %, 1:14%: mile. l:41tf..
Fair start. "Won first three driving. Winner,
T. J. Field's b. g. by El Rio Rey-Lady Dare.
Rey Dare the best horse; boy got too anxious
In the . last sixteenth. Rosormonde stood a
long, hard drive, and would have, won In a
couple of Jumps. Byron Rose, away badly,
ran a nice race. Prejudice raced to a stand
still by Rosormonde.
Betting— Rey. Dare, 13-5; Rosormonde, 10; By
ron Rose, 14-5; Prejudice. 13-10.
2522. FIFTH RACE— Six and a half fur
longs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse,
$300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. 6t. %. Str. Fin.
(2499)McAlbert, 6, 100.... Hoar 2 3n In Ins
2492 D. Maid. 4, lD7...Alexdr 1 14 11 2 3
(2303)Mocorlto,- 6, lOT.Basslngr 3 2 n 2 n 3 n
2503 Duckoy. 4. 109.. ...Stuart 5 ' 5 % 4 4 %
(2483) Good Hope, 5, 107.Fntlry 4 6 • 5 8 5 15
(2311)HIgh Hoe. 6. lOT.Bozemn 6 4 % 6 6
:Time— 1-lg, :07; v %."' r :23;*^,~'':«:' 6'/4f.- 1:21%.
Good start. ."Won first three driving. Winner.
J. Wilson's ch. g. by Imp. Albert-i,orena Mac.
McAlbert a greatly Improved horse. Danger
ous Maid ran to form. Good Hope has gone
back. Duckoy went the overland route.
Scratched — Wardman 104.
Betting— McAlbert, 8; Dangerous Maid, 11-5;
Mocorlto, 2; Duckoy, 12; Good Hope, 4; High
Hoe. 25.
2523. SIXTH RACK— Six furlongs; selling;
four- year-olds and up; purse. $300.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2011 Prestld'tor, 4, UfcHoar 2 4 3 In In
2482 Kacetto. 4, 112...:Alexdr 6 3 2 2 2 2 2
2499 Klamero. 5, 114. ...Stuart 5 5 2 3fi 313
2431 Clarando, 6, 112.. Hazard 8 8 6 2 4 %
2404 B. Spray, a. 114. .1. Alxdr 4 6 n « 1 5 5
2479 Amasa, 6, 114..Bf»*lnger 1 1 n 4 n 6 3
2492 Tiburon. 5. lH..Burlgme 7 7 n 7 1 7 4
2488 Jerld. 5, U7....Bozeman 3 24 8 »
Time— V A . :24H; H. :49'<4; %. 1:14%. Good
start. Won first thre« driving. Winner, Wil
liam CahlU's b. g. by Russell-Active. Prei
tldlgltator got a nice ride. R&cetto ran a
smashing race. Amnna and Jerld both stopped
to a walk. Scratched— Grand Sachem . 114,
Gold Finder 112, Hnhenlohe 117.
. Betting— Prestidigitator, 6-5; Racetto. 8; Fla
mero, 16-5; Clarando. SO: Sea Spray, 500; Ama
sa, <; Tiburon, 15; Jerld, 10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY »3O, 1901.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Every sign of pain and weakness has disappeared. I appre-
ciate what your Belt has. done for me," writes J. Schwarz, Cole-
ridge, Trinity County, Cal.
I will gladly send you my book on this subject. It has 82 pages of
meat to people who want more "fire." Sealed, free.
" I. take Imitations of my Belt in trade, Ju»t to show how much better mine !».
Consultation free. Call to-day or write.
dr. m.c. Mclaughlin, 702 Mar ct t^° i j KMriiy -
. . Seattle OMce— 10« Columbia Street. Los Angeles— 129 W. M Street.
Drugs won't restore your strength. They only stimulate. If you
have to take a stimulant take whisky. Taken in moderation it does less
harm than the others.
Men 1 Do You?
jy. E° you want to be strong? Do
rfffrnZ^fik 7 0U want to feel the vim, the snap
/ffl^^^^( an(^ re °' man ly vigor? Do you
ftw^^M^'dt^ want courage, energy and ambl-
'^isNfe^r *i On *° su PP° r t y° u I 11 your cares
f((f|rWji*' \ and troubles P
««&*¦' rc&M§>^ /^ '¦' ' * ave dff vote< * my I'fc to * ne e "
i*p§p C velopment of manly and womanly
tP'^-^K vigor. I've made a preat success.
metn0^ s are approved by the
¦ k$* >^v • g rea *cst doctors, and copied.
<%¦»£•*«. « 1 I've proven that electricity is the
r rM%&* &8&SS basis of aI1 animal ! ife that
I ) V«?<^£SS s £i*Il'l»r "weak men," dyspeptics, rheumat-
<% >\* * -i.'^r*^*^. ics, sufferers from lost energy, weak
.T^ ' * kidneys, pains in the back. head.
chest and shoulders, from varicocele and its allied weaknesses, etc., are
weak in electricity. My Electric Belt restores this life in a few weeks
and cures every time. If it fails I ask no pay.
Describe your case to me and if I say I can cure you I will guarantee
to do so.
9 9) s i3 RES 85s Ks oT&S
A f t er the Fire f
GUN STORE
Reopened at old number. 42 1 Kearny •
street. Goods slightly damaged by water
and nre to b«.sold for thirty- days at'
Great Reduction. PISIIINO TACKLE and
BPOUTINO GOODS of •vlry description.
All nsw goods at special discount during
ial0. Highest rash ; price ¦ paid for raw
Fun. Bind ! cents' for postage at ioa-
page Illuntrated catalogue.ANTT - DYEING PROCLAMATION
CREATES EXCITEMENT IN THE
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
precedent for his motion, as in Cincinnati
a couple of years ago a like address was
included in the minutes, hut not read.
Chiefs Qulsk of Philadelphia. Cassidy of
Elmira and Hill of Chattanooga all spoke
in favor of a continuation of the paper,
and Chief ;Leslle, the presiding officer, de
cided that Colonel Deitsch should proceed.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Charlotte Heinrichs from Hemy
Heinrichs for desertion, Yoska Solotoeyra
from Ida Solotoeyra for desertion, An
drew "Winter from Katharina Winter for
infidelity, Margaret D. Schartzer from
Beniamin C. Schartzer for cruelty. Marie
Tardiff from Clary Tardiff for willful neg
lect and William A. Fortescue . from Mrs.
M. M. Fortescue for desertion. Marv L.
Walton has sued Richard H. Walton for a
divorce, alleging cruelty as cause of ac
tion. , ; i :-.v/;;." -s, ; 'u
In the Divorce Court.
NEW YORK, May 29.— A. H.~ Leslie of
Pittsburg presided at the second day's
session of the Association of Police Chiefs.
The committee on membership made it3
report and the remainder of the session
was spent in the reading of papers.
Chief Deitsch of Cincinnati read a long
paper on police organization and discip
line, the prevention of crime and the
treatment of criminals. The paper dis
cussed the question of the social evil and
favored localization and careful control.
Objection was made to the paper, and
after some confusion an attempt was
made to shut it off by vote. The conven
tion decided to hear it through, however,
and it was read. Chief Deitsch in his pa
p«r, referring to money paid for police
protection, said:
"A man who profits in this way is noth
ing less than a common loafer. He should
be publicly disgraced and sent to the
workhouse. A poor devil who steals. to
satisfy his hunger or to keep his family
from the workhouse. is far superior."
This statement started a ripple. Chief
Jansen of Milwaukee jumped to his. feet
and moved "that this portion of Colonel
Deltsch's paper, be not read; that it be
discussed in executive session or spread
upon the minutes without reading."
Somebody seconded the motion and Chief
Kiely of St. Ix>uis protested.
"I object,"- he said. "We cannot dodge
the subject. It is not fair. I should like
to hear all Colonel Deitsch has to say."
Chief Jansen argued that there was a
Controversy at Associa
tion Meeting in New
York.
POLICE CHIEF
MAKES CHARGES
The proposition briefly is this: That every
well should hold one share or stock: that is,
every owner of a well should hold as many
shares as he has wells. This ownership of
stock in the corporation gives to the holder,
first, the privilege of access to all the in
formation and valuable data that the associa
tion will work out from time to time, and the
further right to pool his oil with others in the
association, if he so desires, and a voice In its
councils: The purpose of the association is
net only to formulate a plan for handling the
oil, but to work out new markets and stimulate
consumption of the product in every way pos
sible; and every holder of a share in the cor
poration is entitled to the information thus ob
tained i and to valuable data that will be on
file in the association office. The only obliga
tion that you will assume in subscribing for the
stock is that you agree to give the association
your moral support. . /*
The Los Angeles Oil Producers' Asso
ciation has appointed a committee to dis
pose of the oil produced in the local field,
and the plan for handling the oil will soon
be evolved. In a emmunication sent out
by the membership committee, the follow
ing is set forth:
Developing Plans.
According to the Tri "Weekly Promoter,
there are two companies now operating in
Glenn County, and within sixty days six
drills will be sinking for oil.
' The California oil depression never touched
us.- Active development goes on the same as
ever. Two new 400-foot oil wharves have been
built during the past month, some new terri
tory explored and found good, other new ter
ritory is in course of exploitation, six drilling
rigs working night and day. Summerland oil
In demand at three times the price paid for
it in Bakersfield. and last, but not least, a new
asphalt refinery, briefly sums up the situation
in the local Held. " •'¦;-;¦
Several companies that suspended oper
ations some time ago, have since then re
sumed. Among these is the Monarch
Company, the in the San Diego
field, which stopped when a hole had been
drilled 1110 feet. The Hesperian Oil Com
pany In Butte County has also resumed,
according to the Chico Record. .
. The Summerland Advance-Courier has
the following cheerful news concerning
the oil industry in Summerland:
Companies Resume Work.
Some months since a movement was started
among the oil producers of Kern County to
organize the Producers' Oil Storage and Trans
portation Company. The organization did not
lapse, and the fact is not' generally known that
lc has established an. office in this city, where
it is making- contracts for the sale of the
product of the Kern River field, particularly for
shipment to Arizona mining sections. It 'is
not believed that any efforts are made to sup
plant the product - of the local ¦ field In . the
home market, but a considerable trade is be
ing worked up in Arizona, and Los Angeles is
looked to as the natural center of the oil in
dustry for that section and the office here is
the central point for southern trade. While
this company t is composed of but a few men
compared with the . number of producers, it
represents strong interests, and is alone an im
portant factor In the oil market of the State.
G. F. Wendling is the general manager of the
company, the officers being as- follows: Presi
dent. C. A. Canfleld; first vice president, W.
K. Knowles; second vice .president, H. A.
Blodgett; secretary, "W. D. Morrison; direc
tors, M. J. Laymance, H. H. Blood, O. Scrib
ner, T. Spellacy, W. C. Price, B. F. Brooks
and I. Strassburger. The 'organization of this
company and its entrance into the active work
of marketing oil throughout the State and .the
adjoining Territories, representing as It does a
number of the largest operators in Kern
County, is an indication of the tendency of the
times in the oil industry of the State to cen
tralize on the question of marketing.
Kern River oil producers are . invading
the Arizona market, which the Lcs An
geles producers had supposed to-be thoir
Held. The Los Angeles papers are paying
considerable attention to. this move. The
Los Angeles Herald says: .
Southern Field Invaded.
Secretary Musaus reports that the oil
producing companies north of Tehachapi
are favoring strongly the - organization
plan that has been submitted to them,
There was some misunderstanding at Iirst
as to whether approval must be signified
by vote of the directors of ihe various
cpmpanlea. The prospect for perfecting
the organization soon is good.
Additional parties are seeking: oil in the
sands of California deserts. Onerornyany
has a record of locating 27,000 acres in the
northern part of the Carriso Creek bco
tion. Fourteen , persons with • tcam3, left
San Diego a few days ago for' the Carrlao
Creek district, representing the Dsguino
Oil Company, which haa , filed on lands
"north of those taken up by the San Diego
Desert ' Oil Company.- The party took
tents, a water outfit and camp equipage.
Two surveyors were engaged to run lines
and rectify errors in former surveys, and
each surveyor had three assistants. The
expectation is that the | party, will be on
the desert until early in July. ¦.
Thousands of Acres Are
Filed Upon for
' Prospects.
Kehi River Producers Seek
to Market Surplus in
Arizona.
SANDY DESERTS
TEMPT OIL MEN
Decorate To-Day
And attend the great shoe sale Friday at
' S24 Kearny St., where thousands of up-to
date shoes will be sacrificed. Wm. Doug
lass* $5.00 shoes $2.25; Kast & Glanville
$3.50 ladles' shoes, all sizes, $1.85; 2000 pair
ladies' shoes, formerly $5.00, now 50c per
pair. •
Cowen Resigns Presidency.
NEW YORK. May 29.— At the meeting
of the board of directors of the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad to-day John K. Cowen
tendered his resignation as president, to
take effect June 1. and L. F. Loree, now
fourth \'ice president of the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company, was elected as
Cowen's successor. Loree will enter on
his duties June L
LONDON, 41 May 29.— An interesting test
of boilers has been arranged by the Par
liamentary. Boiler; Committee, which has
ordered a full speed trial between the sec
ond class cruiser Hyacinth, of 5600 : tons
displacement,- fitted with.Bellevue boilers,
and the second class cruiser Minerva, of
the same tonnage, fitted with Scotch boil
ers..- The two .vessels will start simulta
neously from a home port -and -run to'
Gibraltar with the object ¦ of . determining
which class of boiler-can best stand the
strain of a long run at high pressure.
. ; ' '
Interesting Test of Boilers.
The local committee, however, has sug
gested the change in the date, hoping that
Colonel Roosevelt can arrange his busi
ness affairs so that he may attend. .
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.,, -vlay 29.—
The Rough Riders' reunion may possibly
be merged into the quarter-centenniai cel
ebration to zbe observed in thla city
August 1,2 and 3. The reunion was rrlgir al
ly lixed for the latter part of June, but
on account of Vice President Roosevelt's
announcement that he could not attend
at that time, the regimental association
has been disposed to let the reunion «,o by
default.
ROUGH RIDERS ANXIOUS
'_. TO GREET ROOSEVELT
President Errazuriz has shown some
slight improvement since yesterday, but
his condition is still very serious.
According to a telegram from Anto
fogasta two citizens of Chile were re
cently brutally whipped by a Bolivian
officer and .a couple of soldiers.. The
Chilean Consul • in Oruro promptly en
tered an energetic protest.
VALPARAISO,' Chile, May 29.— A vio
lent earthquake was felt yesterday in
the province & of Antof ogasta, accom
panying an eruption of volcanoes. B In
San Pedro landslides interrupted railway
traffic, reservoir pipes were cut and huts
tumbled down. Several persons were in
jured. . ¦
EARTHQUAKE IN" CHILE
CAUSES GREAT DAMAGE
¦
The company's city office is at 630 Mar
ket street, under the management of W.
J. White.
The line is under the direct supervision
of Mr. P. Morris, the general manager,
with headquarters at Chinese Camp, one
of the best known stage men in the State.
The stage trip occupies only eleven and
a half hours and is delightful throughout.
Since the completion of the Sierra Rail
way to Chinese Station the Big Oak Flat
stage route from that point to the Yo
semite Valley has enjoyed a large share
of the Yosemite travel. The line of stages
is well equipped for the comfort of pas
sengers and passes through one of the
most picturesque routes to the valley. The
eye is continually attracted by changing
views of wonderful beauty, and in addi
tion to viewing the groves of mammoth
trees travelers have an opportunity of
seeing gold mines in active operation,
where. ponderous stamps crush the prec
ious metal. Many of the names of sta
tions or. the line are identified with the
early mining history of California and are
familiar to every one. 4 The stages pass
through the dead giant Sequoia,. forty feet
in diameter, made familiar by photog
raphy.. '
A POPULAR ROUTE
TO YOSEMITE
FOSTORIA. Ohio. May 29.— The Bradner
branch of the Mechanics' Bank of this
city was wrecked by robbers, using high
explosives, at 1:30 a. m., to-day, and $4000
was stolen. Two charges were used by
the robbers, the first blowing the outer
door oft the vault and the second opening
the strong box. Xight Watchman J. H.
Denny discovered the men and fired' two
fhots'at them, which they returned. They
then escaped on a Hocking Valley hand
car.
The building presents a shattered ap
pearance to-day. The entire glass front
was blown out and the walls are cracked.
An attempt was made to rob the bank six
months ago, at which time the outer door
cf the vault was blown off.
DESPERATE ROBBERS
WRECK A BANK SAFE
High. Explosives Used and the Ban
dits Have Pistol Battle With
a Watchman.
NEW YORK, May 29.— At the annual
meeting to-day of the stockholders of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company the old
board of directors was elected, with the
exception of I. E. Gat«s, who is succeeded
by George J. Gould. The receipts of the
company for the year ended April 20 were
J3.071.166, a decrease of 5746,454, compared
v.ith last vear. The expenses for the last
year were $2,558,176. or $79,875 less than the
preceding year. General and extra ex
]¦•«¦ r.ses $345,168, a decrease of $4212, balance
$5*7.^22. a decrease of 662.367.
President Charles H. Tweed, in his an
nual leport, says; "Compared with the
operations of the preceding year, receipts
from steamers chartered decreased $666,
153, and from the ordinary operations of
Bteamerc and from other sources 580,304,
a total decrease of $764,454.
"For account for the new steamships
referred to in the last annual report the
company paid during the year $L32S,000,
making the total payments to date on ac
count of these steamers $2,214,000." .
President Tweed Reports a Decrease
in Receipts During the Past
Year.
GOTJXD SUCCEEDS GATES
IN THE PACIFIC MAIL
Gold medal for Christian doctrine:
Presented by the college — Arthur T. Flani
gan; next in merit. Noble J. Pickle; third
place, Edward W. Lone".
A sold medal for Christian doctrine, pre
sented by a friend ¦ of the college— Charles C.
Joyce; next In merit, Herbert P. Mee; third
place, Augustus P. Miller.
Collegiate certificates: Third year's course—
J. P. Towey, E. C. Rice, H. Hartly, Thomas
C. Kenneally. Asa C. .Portc-r, George J. Me-
Donough, * Carlyie A. Adam, i Second " year's
course — Edward W. Long, Frank E. Frates,
Nathaniel F. Bradley, John B. Donovan, Her
bert K. Hanna. Frank P. de Leon, Louis A.
Toomey, Gerald P. Fitzgerald, James A. Blos
som. First year's course— N. J. Pickle, Hugh
J. Corcoran. T. W. McCann, S: A. Jaeger, E.
E. Johnson, J. T. Fitzgerald, F. M. Ferguson,
F. W. Fay. Charles E. Armstrong, C. C.
Cuuha, J. H. Devine, Louis A. Pomeroy, H.
C Hunt, W. G. Stephens, T. F. Greeley, C. B.
Lancaster, F. P. Cain, G. W. Paultney, P.
Kelly, P. Carter, TV. Domergue, T. Toohey.
Commercial certificates — Luclen B. Serventie,
F B Hanley. P. C. Kell, A. . R. Ruff o, George
J. Haley. E. J. Sliver. H. F. Gallagher, C. C.
Joyce. C. F. Kiernan. AV. A. Graw. W. Gil
boy J- Concannon. W. P. Barnett. . F. E.
Lyons. P. J- Merrill. M. CJ Johnson. W. Blan
co, E. B. Lilly. M. Johnson. T. J. Lawlor.
TeEtimonlalsr-E. F. Booth, W. R. McStay,'
F. F. Fltzglbbons, B. V. McMenanine, Au
gustus Miller, Ross J. Blrchett, C C. Tormey,
C. 6. Wilson, H. F. Kern, James McGinn..
E. Helntz. M. Golden, W. Huntly, H. P. Agul
lar, E. Hogan, C. Casere, J. A. Kelly, F.'
JUfs. R. Henna, W. Geary, H. P. Mee, S.
Field, E. Burns, A. Kenison, E. Stadler, P.
V. Phillips, S. J. Gondolfo. S. . W. Stanley,
C. B. Sweatie. C. J. Domergue, W. H. Sulll-
Archbishop's gold medals:
For Christian Doctrine— Founded by Most
Rev. P W. Riordan, D. D., Archbishop of San
Francisco: John D. Harloe; next in merit, H,
S. McCarthy: third place, J. P. Callaghan.
Justin gold medal: -
- For the best competitive examination in
languages— Founded by the Rev. Clergy of the
Archdtocese of San Francisco, John P. Callag
han; next in merit, J. D. Harloe; third place,
J. P. Tawey.
Alumni gold medal: .-•:.'¦
Founded by ¦ the Alumni Association of St.
Mary's College— J. P. Plover. .
Merit medal: '
Presented by a friend of the college— J. P.
Plover.
Degree of Bachelor of Arts— John P. Plover,
John P. Callaghan, John D. Harloe, William J.
Orr, Thomas J. Kennedy, Thomas A. Crimmlns,
Walter D. Bahan.
Degree of Bachelor of Science — Robert S.
McCarthy. John L. Flynn. Azra T. Parteg,.
Commercial diplomas— Arthur T. Flannigan,
Reginald R. O'Conell, Gustav B. Henno,
Thomas A. liahoney, Guillerma Revera y de la
Mora, Joseph A. Doherty. Clyde T. • Hall,
Lawrence J. Tremblay, William . E. Egan,
Charles C. Caroll, John T. Quarries.
The Archbishop's address to the boys
was a most earnest one. "The Catholic
college," said he, "stands for Catholic
morality, and if the graduates would
prove their love for their alma mater they
must lead such lives as would reflect
credit on it. V\
"The education you have received,"
continued his Grace, "as far as It is sec
ular amounts to very little, and if a .boy
thinks otherwise he closes his books and
the first you know fie is running for office
or trying to get his living at the expense
of the public."
* In conclusion the Archbishop said: "Be
yond learning there is virtue. It is better
to be good than great and better to know
God's lav/ than all the science , in the
world. Seek to be honest; seek to tell the
truth; seek to keep your word; seek to be
sober; seek to be charitable, and above all
seek to be pure of heart."
The distribution of degrees, medals and
certificates was as follows: . .¦»>.'.,¦;¦.
Archbishop Rlordan addressed the grad
uates of St.- Mary's College In .Metropoli
tan Temple, San Francisco, last evening
after he had presented them with the
medals, diplomas and certificates their
years of faithful work and attention to
their studies entitled them to.
Conferring of Degrees on
Graduates of St.
Mary's.
THEIR SCHOOL
DAYS ARE OVER
the officers are not content with their natural
appearance, and have been dyeing both their
hair and whiskers. The Commissioners have
disapproved of anything or this kind, so that
I wish the company commanders to impress
upon their men who are guilty of the unfor
tunate practice that it must be discontinued,
as I find that those who are. addicted to this
practice are being affected In euch a way as to
prevent the proper discharge of their duties.
W. P. SULLIVAN JR., Chief of Police.
I When the speeding hours wnich disin
tegrate all pigment have finished their
labors and the harvest time Is over, t:ie
transformations may cause some of the
coppers to lose their identity. In the in
tervening time the process of change, the
coloring giving way reluctantly .n places
and easily In others, will put some of the
van, C. P. Schrafflno. J. F. Borgres, C. J.
Parker, P. J. Jacobsen, J. W. Fine, J. H.
CVNeil, C. T. Martell. J. J. Boyle. J. J. Es
perance, A. J. Gondolfo, J. J. Miller, N. A.
Babler.
The .programme of the evening ¦was as
follows:
Overture, college orchestra; "America as a
World Power." Thomas 'A. Crimmins; violin
duet. A. P. Miller, S. J. Field; "The Politi
cian," John Tj. Flynn; barytone solo, Robert
S. McCarthy; "China and the Chinese/'. John
D. Harloe; double quartet— J. P. Plover, J.
P. Towney. R. S. McCarthy, J. A. Blossom, T.
J. Kennedy, C. A. Ryan, C. A. Adam, A. T.
Porter; "The Gaelic Revival," John P. Calla-
Bhan; overture, college orchestra; "The Con-
Etitutlon and the Flag," John P. Plover; bass
solo, James A. Blossom; "The South African
Patriots," Arza Porter; vocal 'quartet — J. P.
Plover. R. S. McCarthy. A. ¦ T. Porter, J.
A. Blossom; "Our Republic," Robert 8.
McCarthy: medley, college orchestra.
men into the zebra or the leopard class.
The cause of the Issuance of this order
is manifest. While a policeman's lot was
cast among the residents of the Potreto, or
where the zephyrs waft avalanches of fog
across the Sutro Heights, the color of his
hirsute adornment was the least part of
his troubles: but when the hour of his
promotion was at hand and his beat was
transferred to civilization on Market
street, matters were different. H.'s envy
was aroused when the ladites cast tlieir
"goo-goo" glances at the petite blonde
mustaches, or the profusion of jet black
curls that made idols of other "copoerb."
Then he proceeded to make himself
"solid" with the drug clerk or the hair
dresser, and he received instructions with
It is certain, that in the future. any
policeman wearing » chin curtains, who
goes into a new neighborhood", ¦ will nave
to ¦ guarantee them of fast color
and have them submitted to an acid test
before he can win the confidence of the
fair ones. They won't be fooled more than
once.
How the dyeing of their hair and
whiskers impairs the efficiency of the
policemen -Chief Sullivan does not' say.
Perhaps it keeps them too busy respond
ing to the admiring glances of fair ones.
"If you can make anything sprout on this
bald pate of mine," he declared, "I'll not
be particular about its color, but if the
Chief includes hair restorer in his flat,
I'll auit the department to-morrow."
each bottle of dye, regardless of color.
There Is some conjectui-c as to what will
be the color of Sergeant McManus' chin
growth when it resumes its natural col
or, and Tom Murphy, who has been the
pride of the ladies on crowded thorough
fares may apply for a chan?« of beat.
Sergeant Gleeson, who was about to oider
a wig- to match the color of the fringe
that overhang's his collar, has decided to
wait for a while before designating the
color. - Commissioner Newhall surprised
his friends by discarding^ the whiskers
that concealed jaw and chin. Whetner
this was the result of the new order, the
Commissioner refuses to state. Sergeaut
"Scotty" Campbell says the order v.ill
not affect him.-
SAYS SHE DIDN'T
INTEND OFFENSE
Mrs. Eddy Answers the
Charges of Mrs.
Woodbury.
» ¦ .
BOSTON, May 29.— The Jury trial of
Mrs. Josephine A. Woodbury of this city,
claiming 5150,000 damages from Mrs. Mary
Baker G. Eddy of Concord. N. H., founder
of ' the Christian Scientist sect, for libel,
was begun in the Suffolk County Superior
Court here, and according to the state
ment of the defendant counsel it is likely
to consume j the greater portion of three
'weeks.
The suit was brought by Mrs. Woodbury
on the ground that two years ago Mrs.
Eddy, in a message to the First Christian
Science Churcn here, which was read four
times and afterward published In a local
paper, had in mind Mrs. Woodbury when
she used the words "the doom of the
Babylonish woman referred to in the
Book of Revelations is being fulfilled."
Previous to this Mrs. Woodbury had been
excommunicated by the church;
In her answer Mrs. Eddy admits that
the particular address was delivered on»
the days and at the times named in the
declaration of the plaintiff, but declares
that neither Mrs. Woodbury nor any other
human being was meant by the term
"Babylonish wciaan," the phrase being
used simply to describe a type of sin.
Mrs. Woodbury was present in court to
day. Mrs. Eddy would not appear, her
deposition having been taken for introduc
tion in the case as evidence. The court
room was crowded with spectators when
the. case was called, while several hun
dred men and women clamored in vain for
admission. Before the selection of a jury
Attorney Peabody. counsel for Mrs.
"VVoodbury, offered an affidavit bearing on
the case, whicn he claimed was made ne
cessary through the absence of Judge S.
E. Hanna. who he said, caused the mes
sage of Mrs. Eddy to be published in the
local papers. 'Che court took the affidavit
v.-ith the understanding that it should be
admitted later In the case should the evi
dence warrant it. A jury was then im
paneled and the plaintiff's declaration
read.
Peabody said that a large number of the
witnesses in the court for the defense be
lieved in Mrs. Eddy as a marvelous wo
man, second only to Christ, and that they
were prompted to stand by her through
religious motives. He asked that they be
excluded from the court-room. Judge
Bell refused to grant Peabody's request.
William F. Cross, one of the editors of
the Christian Science Journal, described
ihe positions held by Judge Hanna and
Mrs. Eddy in the society. He" testified
that he did not know where Judge Hanna
was at the present time. Witness was,
dismissed, but was stopped by Peabody
asking him if he had not refused recently
to state where Hanna was. Witness re
plied that he had. He stated that he had
been called on a telephone in a blunt and
eurly manner and that no reason for the
request had been given. He did not feel
called on to answer the questions of per
sons who said the truth was not to be
obtained at the Christian Science Journal
office. • .
The first victcry on either side came to
the defense when Peabody sought by this
witness to show that Mrs. Woodbury was
the woman referred to by Mrs. Eddy in
the alleged libelous statement, on the
ground that Mrs. Woodbury had sought
and was refused admission to the "Mother
Church" in 1895, was afterward admitted
and later excommunicated. Elder object
ed to the admission of this testimony.
Peabody stated that Mrs. Eddy made the
alleged libelous declarations with a full
knowledge of the fact that they would be
construed as they were.
"We purpose." said Peabody, "to bring
before the jury all the Incidents in the
lives of Mrs. Woodbury and Mrs. Eddy,
showing their relations."
The court ruled that the time was too
remote and excluded the testimony. The
case goes on to-morrow.
She Declares Reference to
Babylonish Woman Was
General
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 30, 1901.
Magic Typewriter of Chief Sullivan Reels Off a Dread Ukase" That
Will Change Hair and Whiskers to Gray and Bring, Decem
ber Snows Where the Signs of Youth Were Once Hung Out
BRUMMELS OF POLICE FORCE
DOOMED TO SUDDEN OLD AGE
B— — EAU Brummels of the San
Francisco Police Department
have the certainty of sudden old
age confronting them because of
, ' the ukase Just unreeled from the
magic typewriter of Chief of Police 3uili
van. They may undergo any day the hoi
ror of appearing on their beats as Rip
Van Winkles, and having incredulous fair
ones who were on their squeezing lis>t the
day before, say with laughter: "Go away
Santa Claus *nd take another eruess "
The order that is to set the mark of
Father Tlrae away up near the finish r.t
one leap is as follows:
OFFICE OF CHIEF OF POLICE,
• •. May 28.
I hare noticed for some tlr.M that aome of
5
OCEAN TRAVEL-
mt-Jk B j^9^^*^^K C3i £n J*/^^^^'
TELLER, ¦ GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR-
ENCE. ETC.
I SAILS JUNE 1.
Superior. First and Second Class Pas-
¦ itenger Accommodations.
CO Tons Cold Storage Capacity.
This company owns the most success-
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring
safe discharge of all freight: also owns
and operates the -Wild Goose Ry.
H»avy Machinery. Barees, Etc.. Taken.
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO.. 667 Market st.
CHAS. D. LANE.
WILD GOOSE MINING AND TRAD-
ING COMPANY.
Passenger and Freight Steamer
OCEAH TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
8t Wharf, San Francisco:
l>5*>Si_. For Alaskan ports^ — 11 a. m.,
fSSjSybt Jlay 1, 6. 11. 16. 21, ?6. 31.
5»»*vWgSRH June 5. Change to company's
! fS. Cgd \»^ steamers at Seattle.
; 5S$?5nJ&^ For Vi ctona, Vancouver (B.
| LS&ffjrtjS'Sl c ->> Port Townsend. Seattle.
lU Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
. and New Whatcom-CWash.) —
„ „ U a. m.. May 1. 6, 11. 18. 21.
25, 31, June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska, and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma for N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka and Huraboldf Bay— 1:30 D. m..
May 3, 8. 13, *18, 23. 28. June 2 (»4 p. m.). and
every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port-Los Angeles and Redondo »Los An-
gsles) — Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays, 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Fcr Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuccs. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro, "Newport (*Corona. only) — Steamer Corona,
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
9 a. S3. .
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose dsl
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guayrnas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each,
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, i sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFiCE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
f 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. #?. & N. CO.
Only S toara-thlp Xj t no to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Shcrt Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets, to -a!! -
points, nil rail «?»• wteimsMo nn4 rail, at
.IiOTVEST OEljfvrr^EiS.
STEAMSR TICEET3 INCLUDE BERTH and HEAL9.
SS. COLUMBIA.. Sails June 2, 12, 22 July 2 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER ". *
Sails June 7. 17, 27. Jmly 7. 17. 27
T>.vr. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgom'y.S-F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, eallfn* at
Kobe (Hlpgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting . at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received* on board «6
day of sailing.
£S. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday May 2» 1M1
BS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday. June 22, MOt
ES. NIPPON MARU..Wednesday. July 17. 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofCca.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agest.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twln-ScreW Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
F. BISMARCK ....JUNE. 6, IO A.M.
Deutschland June 13| Columbia...... ..June *7
A. Victoria June 2Q|F. Bismarck .July*4
,,--*-* • Twin-Screw Passengar Servtce.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Patricia June S|*Batavia June* 22
Waldersee June 15lPennsylvanla...June Z)
?Sails to Hamburg direct-
Hamburg-Amerlcar> Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for PacWo
Coast, 401 California street. .
C0MPAONIE 8SNEBAL3 TRAK3ATLANTIQTTB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^j^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <jn '?Pi
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Dier 42, ¦»¦**•***»
North River, foot of Morton street. La Cham-
pagne, June 6: *La Lorrnine, June 13: 'L'Aqul-
talne. June ¦ 20; La Bretagne, June 27.
First class to Havre. $35 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway < Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAY AND BIVE-R RTngAnKRa.
FOO. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. TUES.. WED., THTJES. AND SAT.
it 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
dc" night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays.
10:30 a. m.. 8 p. m. Landing and office. Mts>
ilon-tt Dock. Pier N<v 1 . T>l>phfwn» Main ISM.
OIL- WATER!
W. W. MMTAGOE Si CO.,
MANtFACTURB :
IRON PIPE
FOR - OIL "WELLS. FOR IRRIGATION. FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
FOR OIL.- FOR WATER. FOR CYANIOB
PLANTS.
BAN FRANCISCO. v
SAN JOSE OIL EXCHANGE gJSS&ffi
lands bought and sold; legitimate business from ¦
responsible . companies solicited. E. C. ROD-
WICK. 'Manager; telephone Main 147; W N.
First st.. San Jose. CaL
! . -
From San Francisco. From Seattle.
May 25 S. 8. "PORTLAND
June 1 S. S. "ST. PAUL". June 8
May 25 *S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 19
' •"CONEMATJGH" carries freight and live
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to .. ~
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COUPANT. **
310 Sansome st. San Francisco.
Sailing Dates' Subject to Change.
FOR
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And All Points on Yukon Riysr.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM of Rail-
ways. Office— 30 Montgomery street. •
I The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street (Palace HotelJ.
GOODALL. > PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents, 10 Market street.
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE JUNE 29th.
SENATOR
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's
New and Splendid Steel Steamship
From San Francisco June 25
WILL SAIL
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
.Pacific Coast. SteamsKip Go.
fe NOME
1 "^^ GOLDFIELDS.
-RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 "noon.
?Zeelanfl June 6 •Vaderland June 26
Frlesland June 12 Kensington July 3
Southwark June 13 *Zecland July 10
, »Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
- CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .
From New York Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis June 5 St. Paul..... .....July 10
St. Paul June 19 St. Louis. .....:. .July 17
St. Louis June 26 St. Paul August 7
/AMERICAN LINE.
HSW Y0HK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOXD0N. PABIS.
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa. '
Xew Zealand and Australia...
Thursday, May 30, 10 a. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
. ...... , Saturday. June 8, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti :.............
Sunday.June 30, at 4 p. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO.,'Ganeral Agents. 327 Market St
Gen'l Passsngtr Office, 643 Harkst St., flit lo. 7. Pacific St
li£OlB9SC?i Tfe.Lll. ZEALAND m SYDNEY,
ITEW ADVEKT-TSEBIENTS.
Cabin. 91OS ; ' Steerage, - $4O.
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, June 3
S.S.Argyll sails Monday, June 24
S. S. Leelanaw sails Mondiy, July 15
' From- HarrisoiS-street Wharf -at 2 : p. m. ¦> '
¦ Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st. •
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PANAMA R. R, s S ff
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping "at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. . Sailing Fremont-
street wharf, 12 m. -:..*¦ "- -..' ...• .
PALENA . . .. .. June TITUCAPEL . June 27
COLOMBIA ....June 12[AREQUIPA ....July ..:
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral •. and : South American . passenger service
(No change at .Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office.* 316 California street. '
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Tripler Liquid
>Air Company
The WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE COMPANY, ' by utilization of the -at-
mosphere in controlling the momentum of cars, is paying 210 per cent dividends
TO THE ORIGINAL SHAREHOLDERS
Through liquefying the atmosphere the TRIPLER LIQUID AIR COMPANY is
enabled to apply commercially, at a saving of from 40 to 60 per cent of the cost of
the present' systems of refrigeration, power for automobiles, launches, lighting to
" replace electricity, creation of an explosive combined with hydro-carbon at 25 per
cent the -cost of dynamite; and a- saving of about one-half of the coke used In
smelting, thereby effecting a gross saving of about half a million dollars per diem.
The wonderful earnings made by the AIR BRAKE COMPANY, AS APPLIED^
TO ONE INDUSTRY ALONE, demonstrate what can be multiplied many fold by
being utilized in such far greater industries as the above. 7 •
-About twenty years ago, when the BELL TELEPHONE was first Introduced en
the PACIFIC, CO AST, the opportunity for. buying the stock at a few cents a share
¦ was afforded the investor. .This stock, from the many stock dividends/has multi-
plied in value to be worth now, including the dividends paid, about $3000 per share.
Many and 'bitter have been the regrets of those who failed to. avail themselves
; of that opportunity. To Patrick Henry like '.'judge" the . future by the past" and i
• apply it to present conditions, as keen business acumen. dictates, these conditions
exist now in the parent stock of the TRIPLER LIQUID AIR COMPANY, carry-
Ing. with it from one-third to 45 per. cent ownership in every company being form- :¦-
.ed throughout the world, including the CALIFORNIA COMPANY.
¦,^'VThe opportunity to, purchase this stock at.'onlr" SO'per cent of par, i.e., 58 per"
share; will not exist after to-day. . Subscriptions. should be accompanied by" cheeky,
or draft made payable to the order of GERALD ; M. FENNELL &: CO., FISCAL
1 "AGENTS, ROOMS 66-67, CHRONICLE BUILDING, SAN FRANCISCO.
A BALD NEWSPAPER MAN".
. Getting a KTew Crop of Hair, and Has
Ho More Dandruff.
Everybody in the Northwest knows Col.
Daniel Searles, the veteran Journalist and
publidt of Butte.' Jan. 10, 1900, the Colonel
i writes: "I used a couple of nottlea of
Newbro's Herpicide . with marvelous re-
sults. The dandruff disappeared: a new
crop of hair has taken root, and the bald
spot is rapidly being covered." Herpicide
is the only hair preparation that kills the
dandruff germ that digs : up the : seals In
scales as it burrows its way to the root of
' the hair, where It destroys the vitality of
the hair, causing the hair to fall out. Kill
th« dandruff serm with Herpicide,
PE-RD-NA CURES CATARRH
OF KIDNEYS EVERY TIME.
DANGEROUS K1DNEY_DISEASES CI!R E^^H|H
Peruna Creating a National Sensation in the I ' iifilP
Cups of Chronic Ailments of the Kidneys. SjSSjll If \ \ ill?:
Mr. John Vance of Hartford City, Ind., a c c umulat- Vgggff|| '1^ P^?>-
says: "My kidney trouble is much bet- In^ /^^gS^jSTO^^^^^T
ter. I have improved so much that every- prevents the
body wants to know what medicine I am c o nvulslons '^^4wJin»ra^C2^^§
using. I recommend Peruna to every- which are >iC?3^ra ¦¦l\vfc £ -^"*5^
body and some have commenced to use it. sure to fol- isBLVvt^V-^
The folks all say that if Dr. Hartman's lo Y" lf the ,„ • S^SS«*| IjjI&lWYj^^"
medicine cures me it must be great" allowed a to -r^V^Ywl Ppl\Vn'5^-=;
Mr. J. Brake of Patrolea, Ontario, £ ei J iaJn - Jt Jam AiK. uV'^1
Canada, writes: "Four years ago I vi§ror t to^the 3ESgggai) jj >»Vul
had a severe attack of Bright' s Bis- dil ffiun ' I
ease, which brought ma so low the gestive sys- =s*2sy\\\ I
doctor said nothing mor3 could be -which are ~4fi2^^^** I
i done for me. I began to take Pe- a P^° fail rapidly in this disease.
runa and Manalin, and in three Perupa cures catarrh of ihe kid-
months I was a well man, and have ne / s slm P'y oecause it cures catarrh
continued so ever since/' whersver located.
At the appearance of the first symptom <^* &?£ g£\£°S? j? $£££
of kidney trouble, ¦ Peruna should be write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
taken. This remedy strikes "at once the full statement of your case and he will
very root of the disease. " It at once re- be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
lieves the catarrhal kidneys of the stag- vice gratis.
nant blood, preventing the escape of Address Dr. Hartman, President of
serum from the blood. Peruna stimulates The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus,
the kidneys to excrete from the blood the Ohio.
ADVEHTT0EMENT3.Low Bates— Improved Service.
' Great indignation , has been, expressed, in Philadel
phia that "missionary funds are growing low. -Perhaps
a casual study of conditions in Chixa would tell whV.
v A Californian has smuggled four Angora goats out
of Turkey into this country. • This isthe first indica
tion of, value that there is anything in Turkey which,
to a Califqrnian,. would be worth the trouble of
stealing.- . ¦ ; ... . -
New. England naturalists are that the
spring has been so stormy and wet the birds in that
section have not' been able to build nests; and in their
syrnpathy .with* the poor things they seem to overlook
the fact that if the birds had any sense they would
come West. - ,'
1 Jn addition to illuminating oils there are other oil
exports* such as crude and lubricating oils, naphthas
land residuum. Taking these, together with the illu-
From the figures it appears the exports this year
will be the largest in the ' history of the oil industry.
In 1875 the exports of illuminating oil amounted to
204,000,000 gallons, while this year it is estimated the
export will be in excess of even the great export of
1900, which was 721,000,000 gallons. From 1876 to
1900 the total value of mineral oils exported from the
United States was about $1,200,000,000, an average of
about $48,000,000 a year, but during the later years of
that period the average has been $60,000,000 per.
annum. v . \
In reviewing the course of prices the report points
out that there has been a remarkable decrease in the
price to the consumer during the period in which the
actual exportations and the net value of the exports
have been increasing. The average, value of the illumi
nating oil exported in 1876 was about 15 cents per gal
lon, and in 1877, an exceptional year, 20 cents per gal
lon. By 1881 the price had fallen to about 10 cents per
gallon, the figures for that year being 332,000,000 gal
lons, valued at $34,000,000. By 1891 the average price
was about 7 cents per gallon, the exports of that year
having been 564,000,000 gallons, valued at $41,000,000.
By 1898 the average export price was about 5 cents per
gallon, the quantity exported having been 824,000,000
gallons, and the ! value reported to- the Bureau of
Statistics by exporters through the customs collect
ors $42,922,682. In the nine months of the present
fiscal year, for which the figures are completed, the
total exports*of illuminating oil amounted to 569,624,
751 gallons, valued at $37,939,5*4, or 6 2-3 cents per
gallon.
OWING to the public interest in the oil in
dustry occasioned by the recent discoveries of
oil wells in this State and in Texas the
Treasury Bureau of Statistics has recently compiled
for publication a. report showing the exports of oil
from the United States, together' with a review of
prices of the product for a long series of years.
OIL EXPORTS AND PRICES.
The cultivation of tobacco has been carried to such
an extent, in Wisconsin that it has been decided to
open a large public tobacco market in Milwaukee,
and the Sentinel of that city says that this year "Dane
County is the greatest tobacco-growing county in the
Union." So it will be seen that while the cotton fac
tories are moving South the tobacco market is mov
ing North, and the new era is keeping the balance
even.
As we said some time ago, the real crux of. the
whole matter appears when we come to deal , with the
issues of peace and not of war, affecting our expan
sion policy.
We are of opinion that the necessity of maintaining
a tariff against the. cheap labor and production of
Porto Rico and the Philippines will materially abridge
the commercial importance of those islands, to us.
We will no^ get the expected profits of their exploita
tion. .. ¦ . ¦ :•¦
' True, we may under the court's decision still further
cheapen labor in the 1 Philippines by unlimited admis
sion of low-priced Chinese coolie production, but that
will avail little if the tariff wall is raised as wages are
lowered.
, Just at present the matter is not of such importance
as may appear farther on in our history. The court
has. affirmed our right of acquisition of extraconti
nental possessions. Under such affirmation our con
quests may be limited only by our physical power to
prosecute them. They might include the British em
pire, our best customer in trade. To protect our
home labor it would be necessary to maintain a, tariff
against the products of that acquisition. But, govern
ing it outside the constitution, can we also set up
within such territory a tariff against the exports of the
United States? ¦
WHEN we referred to, the issue that the Su
preme Court might have to meet, collateral
to. its island decision, respecting the effect
of an impost laid in Porto Rico upon, exports from
the United States we had overlooked the presence of
that very question in a case before the court. It
seems that a case is made embodying the principle
of the cotton tax decision, and a decision was ex
pected before the court took its vacation.
AN EXPORT TAX.
The local yellow sheet which, in offering a reward
for exclusive information of the identity of a murderer,
has plunged into the realm of the horrible, might
complete the dread spectacle by offering an addi
tional sum for kinetoscope views of the actual crime,
with poses by amateurs.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
BARBERS— C. M. B., Salinas, Cal. Up
to the 15th of May Governor Gase had
not appointed a board of examiners of
barbers.
PILLOW OF ROSES— A. L. O. R.. Oak
land, Cal. To restore the perfume of a
pillow of roses that has lost Its fragrance
use a small quantity of attar of roses.
FOUR CITIES-rC. D., City. According
to the latest census the population of
Seattle is 80.671, that of Portland. Or..
90,426. that of Tacoma, 37.711 and that of
Spokane, 36,843.
The Union is to-day stronger than ever before in
its history. Men of all sections are more thoroughly
united in sentiment and in loyalty than at any previous
time since first the flag was given to the breeze. The
republic has now advanced to the rank of the first
among the nations of the earth, and all of its people
recognize how much of their individual prosperity is
due to the unity which holds them together as citi
zens of so glorious a country. In that recognition
there will not fail to be a spirit of universal thankful
ness for the patriotism of the men who have preserved
the Union, from destruction and kep.t it for the bless
ing of all generations to come. So we meet the day
with salutation to, the living veterans and with flowers
and tears for those who are passed away after having
fought the good.fisht and kept the faith on land and
The veterans of the Grand Army as they march
with solemn step and slow to the decoration of the
graves of their comrades, as they recall with loving
hearts the memories of those who' have joined
the silent majority, and look with sad eyes
upon the lessening number of those who are still
alive, need not regret that in the multitude of. their
fellow citizens there are many who seem indifferent
to the sacredness of the day. The indifference is one
of seeming only. Deep in the heart of every American
patriot is a sense of honor and gratitude to the men
who fought the war that freed the slave and kept the
nation whole. Young America will not forget the
men of the generation of Lincoln and Grant any more
than it will forget these of the days of Washington
and Tefferson.
As the years pass the character of the celebration
of the day changes. That of course was to have been
expected. It began as a day of mourning for the loss
of the heroic dead, but now as the grief of the people
has weakened with the passage of time so has the
feeling of rejoicing over the restored Union increased.
Decoration day to a vast number of the American
people has become a day of gladness rather than of
sorrow. Many will observe it as a holiday of pleas
ure, and while in some respects it is to be regretted
that it is so, nevertheless it is not strange that a joy in
the living Union should survive the mourning for
the departed dead.
On this occasion it is probable that in many parts
of the Union a new and poetic ceremony will be
added to those to which we have been accustomed —
that in addition to the decoration of the graves of
those who rest in the soil of the republic there will
be strewn upon the waves of the sea offerings of
flowers in memory of those who fought for the
Union upon the ocean and who nov rest beneath its
waves. In that ceremony the memory of brave men
and stanch patriots will be commemorated who have
hitherto been neglected from the ceremonies though
not forgotten, and so the day will be more truly a
memorial festival than ever before.
ONCE more the nation engages in the solemn
ceremonies attending the decoration of the
graves of the men of the army and the navy
who during the strenuous years of the Civil War up
held the national banner and all the glorious hopes it
symbolizes. Once mere the Grand Army rallies its
rapidly thinning ranks to direct the ceremonies and
to take, as is proper, the chief part in them. To the
minds of the people is recalled _the greatness of the
sacrifices made by the veterans that the Union might
live, and once more feelings of gratitude and of honor
rill every patriotic heart.
DECORATION DAY.
Calif ornians are In Washington: At the
Arlington— E. S. Pillsbury, San Fran
cisco; St. James— V. J. F. Lanigan, Oak
land; Everett— Hon. Eugene F. Loud, San
Francisco. ¦ .
CALTFORNIANS HI WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 29.— The following
Lynn Austin, formerly an artist on The
Call, but recently employed as a day clerk
at the Palace Hotel, left yesterday for the
Hotel Rowardennan. In the Santa Cruz
Mountains, where he will act as manager.
William L. Lloyd of Albany. N. T.. is
in town and staying at the Palace. He Is
secretary to Senator Chauncey Depew and
assistant secretary to the New York Cen
tral Railroad-
Former Assemblyman Arthur W. North
of Woodland is at the Occidental. He is
a prominent young attorney.
John P. Seymour of Fresno, superintend
ent of th6 San Joaquin Electric Light
Company, is at the Lick.
R. D. H. Vroom, a bras3 manufacturer
of New York, Is here on business and Is
staying at the Palace.
H. J. Small, an official of the Southern
Pacific at Sacramento, registered at the
Palace yesterday.
Dr. "W. H. Hood of Battle Mountain is
at the Grand for a few days, accompanied
by his son.
"W. E. Voolsey, a prominent fruit grower
of Santa Rosa, Is a guest at the Occi
dental.
"W. E. Davis, a mining man of Slitter
Creek, is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
That means of course the maintenance in Porto
Rico of a form of government similar to that which
the British, the French and the Danes practice in the
West Indies. It is doubtless the best that can be done
at present, but its adoption is not going to be any
great inducement to Americans to go to Porto Rico
and infuse energy into industry.
Commenting upon the government of the islands
the Governor says: "I feel as the result of a year's
close study on the spot of all conditions surrounding
this problem that Congress has gone quite as far as
it could safely venture in the form of government al
ready-existing on the island, and as the result of such
experience and observation I fully believe, with good
men devoted to the work, the : island will develop
faster under such form, and its people through expe
rience and education will advance' more rapidly in
their knowledge of civic virtues under present meth
ods than could be gained in any other way."
The people of Porto Rico do not eat bananas and
sweet potatoes rather, than corn beef -and cabbage
through any natural depravity or- idle epicurean taste,
In the struggle for existence in the tropics the vege
tarian has survived and the flesh-eater has perished.
Food is a matter of climate, and even so is work. Take
the best Anglo-Saxon stock that can be gathered in
the world, place them as colonists in a tropical land,
and either they will enslave the natives and live on the
labor of slaves, or else they will within two genera
tions become themselves addicted to bananas and
manana.
- The report will not surprise, the United States.
Despite all glowing words that have. been written of
the wealth of tropical countries, every intelligent man
knows they are not rich, nor can they be made rich
even by the infusion of Anglo-Saxon energy unless
means, be taken to send in a fresh supply of workers
about every two years, for it rarely takes more than
two tropical summers to convince even the white man
that under a burning sun it is a good deal wiser to
*eat bananas, work little and live than to eat- meat,
work hard and die.
GOVERNOR ALLEN of Porto Rico in his
first annual report to the State Department
has said in effect that the island would be a
valuable possession were it not for the inhabitants,
and the inhabitants would be good were it not for
bananas and sweet potatoes. From the summary of
the report that has been made public it appears the
Governor speaks quite plainly and says that in a
climate where a man can lie in a hammock, pick a
banana with one hand and dig : a sweet potato. with
one foot the incentive to idleness is too great to be
overcome by people who are willing to live on that
diet, and he urges the introduction of meat-eating
Anglo-Saxons with push and energy to break the
lethargy of the islanders and develop the natural
richne'ss of the country to its full measure. • :
BANANAS AND MANANA.
Amid the general expressions of delight over the
bright coloring of "the rainbow city," as the Buffalo
Exposition is called, we 'regret to note one captious
critic complaining because in the decorative scheme
the lions in one of the gardens have been painted
green. It is evident that such a critic must be a be
sotted realist and has no conception of art for art's
sake. . •
THURSDAY... ...MAY 30, i?*"
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Attnn All Conmeaieitioai te W. B. LEAKE, Kaniger. -
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone p^«^5^
rtJnLICATIOX OFFICE... MarUet nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Prc«» 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered lir Cnrrlem, 1O Cen<« Per Week.
SiRffle Copleii, 5 Cents.
Termn br Mail, Including Postages
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $*>M
DAILY CALL (including 5=un3ay). 6 months *-<X>
DAILr CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1-5°
DAILY CALL— By Single Month....: 65c
WEEKLY CALL, One Year v lM
All iioitmaitrm are authorized to receive
nii1>«erli»tlon«.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Brondivoy
C. GEORGE KKOCXESS.
Hunger Foreign AdrertUins. K»rqoett« Bnildlng, Chie»go.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: • ' /
STEPHEX D. SMITH. 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walflerf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Enerman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C> OFFICE. . .1400 G St., Jf. W.
MORTO>" E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
t:ntil '8: 30 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9i30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 «j'dock. NW.
corner Twenty-peeerd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
r?00 Flllrr.ore. cpen until 9 p. m.
Before passing: any such resolution as the
one under discussion. I am of the opinion
that we ought to know, first of all. that
plague ever has existed and still exists in
San Francisco. Now. I for one cannot admit
the existence of the said disease without con
vincing- proof, and I challenge any one In tBU
hall to bring forth such proof if he can.
The two pioneers in the field of bacteria
logical work in relation to bubonic plagu*
found and described two widely dlfferen.
bacilli as the cause of said disease. I mean
Kltarato and Yersln. Ogata and Yamaglwa
later on controverted the claim of their coun
tryman Kitarato to the discovery of the
plague bacillus by demonstrating that nis
bacillus differed in various points from the
one discovered by Tersln. Yamaglwa only
found the Kltarato .bacillus- In the cadaver.
while specimens taken Iron? the living only
showed Yersin's bacillus, without any other
microbes, and he therefore thinks that Yer
sin's baciUus is the cause of bubonic plague.
Now from all the Information I have been
able to gather In regard to the methods of
examination practiced here at different times
and by different investigators, I have failed to
find one single case reported in which an ex
amination of the blood or tissues taken from
the living had been made with a view ot
establishing the existence of the disease, and
it is not surprising at all that only cadavera
were examined and experimented with for
the simple reason that living respectable cases
could nowhere be found. Now then. I ask.
when It Is Impossible to find patients af
flicted with the disease (which is known to b«
of a highly virulent and infectious character)
in the very heart of that focus of all kind*
San Francisco which is called Chinatown,
the very heart of that "focus of all *ind3
of infectious material, where the most favor
able conditions prevail for the propagation and
multiplication of disease germs, where shall
we look for the plague in order to find it? la
4t not Justifiable, in consideration of these
facts, to claim that there Is not and never was
any plague in San Francisco and that w«
should waste our time looking for It with a
lantern even in broad daylight, like Diogenea
looking for an honest man? __
I perfectly agree with Dr. Elllnwood and
want to place myself on record as opposing
any resolution with regard to plague before
we have proof that such a disease exists In
San Francisco or elsewhere in the State.
At the recent session of the State Medl
cal Society at Sacramento Dr. Wolrad
Winterberg of this city contributed an ex
ceptionally Interesting and timely address
on the plague. In part he spoke as fol
lows:
SOME MORE
FACTS ABOUT
THE PLAGUE
For a long time Russia has been a close competitor
of the United States in "the quantity of oil produced,
but as American oil is much superior to Russian and
yields nearly twice as much refined illuminating oil in
proportion to the crude oil, the value of our output
has been much greater than that of the competing
producer.^ The difference in our favor will be aug
mented by the recent discoveries in Texas and Cali
fornia, and consequently we shall continue to hold our
lead in the oil- markets of the world.
minating oils, the' total .exports for the first nine
months of : the current year are valued at ' $52,745,096,
and I the -estimates are that for the full fiscal year, the
amount will be about, $70,000,000. : , •
The list of dangerous and unhealthful
trades Is indeed a long and, to a sensitive
mind, a shocking one. Fllemakers, pot
ters, hatters, printers, stonecutters, glass
workers and smelters work under condi
tions wh:ch cut short their existence,
while yet they. render useful — in fact, in
dispensable — service to the- community.
Most of the conditions which make for
ill health in the industries named could
be, .as others have been, removed, but
commercial greed and human indifference
are the causes of continued existence of
factors detrimental to human progress
hardly yet recognized by otherwise.intel
ligent observers. Conditions, of factory
life aro not as bad in this country as they
are^abroad, buL even here they affect to
a considerable degree the health and lon
gevity of employes. • ¦ , .>
There is implied in this not only a great
social waste, but a direct and considerable
Iosp to the employer himself, in that em
ployes developed to a high degree of effi
ciency die just when their services are the
most useful. Thus, lead poisoning in the
potteries, phosphorous poisoning in match
works, mercurial poisoning in hat fac
tories and lung diseases in glass works
cause annually premature deaths of thou
sands of able workmen just when these
men have reached the age of 40 or 50 and
v.'hen a lesser degree of activity with more
intelligence would produce a sufficient In
come for a cheerful, period of advanced
age. Immense progress has been. made,
especially in this country, where factories
are new. 'end where money is liberally
spent for improvements tending to better
the conditions under - which workingmen
live, but'a vast field is yet unexplored and
unrecognized. Industrial hygiene is in its
infancy. The time will come when work
ingmen will use . their unions more for
their health, than for their Wages, . and
when strikes will take place because of
conditions which shorten life rather than
because of conditions which are of far
less importance. As -yet the a\'erage
workman has but faintly realized the im
mense possibilities of social amelioration
in the direction of a healthier and a longer
life. •¦ •
The End of One Who Despairs.
It is not apleasing task to digress from
this essay, upon long life into the mystery
of despair and self-inflicted death. "Life
is a conflict and a march." wrote Mazzini
many years ago, in strenuous opposition
to Carlyle's gospel of despair. "Not life
itself, but the deviation from life, is a
disease; life is sacred, life Is the, aspira
tion toward I the ideal. ¦ It is blasphemy
to pronounce one I word ¦ of- anger against
it." I add his words, "We must not d's
credit it, but make , It holy." Suicide;
contempt for life, must be included in the
deadly sins. > Those who have ; helped to
make the world a better place to live in
are ' the , men and women who have real-
In a recently published volume, "The
Map of Life," Mr. Lecky has laid down
a principle which I cannot but think in
dispensable as a guiding rule in every dis
cussion of old age and the value of in
creased longevity. "In all civilized coun
tries," Mr. Lecky writes, "the average
(duration) of life has been raised and
there is good reason to believe that not
only old age, but also active, useful, en
joyable old age, has become much more
frequent." 'A useful, enjoyable, active old
age, not mere continued existence, but
LIFE! — not a weary, monotonous drag of
days, but active, useful, cheerful hours,
a blessing 1 to the man who lives and to
those who live with him. "What I ad
mire in Ramsay," said Boswell to Dr.
Johnson, "is his continuing so young."
"Why, yes, sir," answered the old doctor;
"I value myself upon this, that there is
nothing of the old man in my conversa
tion." In a more pointed manner Hazlitt
reflected upon old age in his remark:
"Artists, I think, who have succeeded in
their chief objects live to be old and are
agreeable old men. Their minds keep
alive to the last. Cosway's spirit never
flagged till after 90, and Nollekins, though
nearly blind, passed, all his mornings in
giving directions about some group or
bust or in his workshop." Such, then, is
the ideal conception of old age; a cheerful,
useful existence— not a mere continued
life of useless years added to other years
which have wearily preceded it.
Industry lies at the bottom of social
progress, and happiness and long life in
variably go hand in hand with days well
spent in active employments. Proof is
not wanting to show that the man who
works has allotted to him a longer share
of life than the man who does not work,
an idle aristocrat or vagabond and tramp.
Occupied males, according to trustworthy
data, enjoy a mortality 132 per cent more
favorable than those who eat their bread
in idleness, and perhaps in no manner and
way has nature stamped the sin of idle
ness with more emphatic disapproval than
in the severe rule that he who does not
work for his bread shall not live long
enough to enjoy the fruit of the labors of
others.
Value of Temperance and . Morality.
With industry goes morality as a most,
perhaps the most, important factor mak
ing for continued and enjoyable exist
ence. Whether it be morality in general,
or as implied in anti-social trades, he
whose existence is adverse to social pro
gress is not likely to live long and ply his
trade. Married women with children, fol
lowing the business of motherhood and
home life, are among the most blessed in
years and hap'py hours. Liquor dealers
are short-lived, in fact, are among those
whose days are least, because their usual
habits of intemperance cause most havoc
to their constitutions. Temperance in
drinking is, as a rule, an essential re
quirement for long-continued life, though
some fond of "the golden^brown drink
that England has brewed for a thousand
Octobers" have lived to see the dawn of
another century, after a life which, in the
opinion of teetotalers, snould have been
cut short in youth. Intemperance in eat
ing is probably far more fatal to long life
than any other factor, since idleness and
immorality most often go with gluttony.
Overweight, in fact, is recognized by
medical examiners as one of the signs
most unfavorable to longevity, tending to
nervous, circulatory and kindred diseases.
Morality and industry, then, must be
accepted as essentials making for a long
existence. Jews and Quakers enjoy a long
life and old age which for cheerfulness
and usefulness has probably no equal.
Those Who Live Long.
Mere physical .labor, mere activity as
such, even if prolonged for many years
cannot be looked upon as being of intrin
sic social and economic- value. It was
Carlyle who touched upon the point with
his common emphasis in the remark:
"In the name of .production, be/brutes."
Merchants, traders, brokers and all who
make the accumulation of wealth their
primary object are less likely to live long
than those who relegate the pursuit of
wealth to the 'secondary place. The
years which a man lives after 60 are in
deed to be -considered the most import
ant, since the complacent retrospect of
active, useful years finds in this period
of afterglow its rich reward. A study
of sudden deaths of men of affairs will
point out lessons of the utmost signifi
cance, and we see men like William Win
dom, Henry George, Roswell P. Flower or
Garret A. Hobart pass away at a^time
when they had just-reached the period of
greatest usefulness. • .
j Among those whese lives are longest we
may mention clergymen, gardeners, farm
ers, tr-achers,'. laborers on farms, artiste,
engravers, sculptors and architects. The
lives of eminent painters alone are a wor
thy record of iong-contluued, useful exist
ence, conciudii)tf with a cheerful old age,
a blessing and hope to new generations.
Clergymen have lived long largely, no
doubt, because of useful, lives lived in
temperate ways and helped by a prudent
self-denial of things human which are
most apt to cut short the natural life of
man. There is much to be learned from
the vital statistics of occupations which
may be applied to a higher social philoso
phy.
List of Dangerous Occupations.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and- Specialists for
1 The S an*; Francisco Call.
An Analysis of the Chances Which Men and
Women Have of Living to Be One
Hundred Years Old.
By Frederick Hi. Hoffinan.
• ; » ¦
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
XV. INDUSTRY, MORALITY AND OLD AGE.
i ized that we are here to do our duty, in
spired by a deep and active feeling . of
duty, which once more in the. words of
Mazzini,- "he believes to be the mission
1 of man -upon earth." This duty includes
cheerfulness, patient forbearance, yet Joy
of living and existence. Vital feelings of
delight, not the soul-deadening cry , of de
spair and unwarranted CQmplaint.* Such
a life only is worth living" to the end of
100 years. If men .wish to live long they
must grow old gracefully and to the last
hour remain cheerful, for there la an im
mense economic gain In cheerfulness, just
as there is a political, or at least a social,
economy of courage and the spirit to
dare. ¦ , •
Lot a man -but will to live and he can.
Will is largely a moral product and will
without activity, effort and aim is impos
sible. "Why even death itself stands
still and waits an hour sometimes, for
such a will." Ay, death will wait many a
year for the man who has lived aright
his years and who has an object worth
living .for.
Increasing- length, of Life.
I have not thought it worth while to
enter at length upon the question of the
possibility of long-continued existence.
It need not be pointed out that there is
no set limit to life, and there appear no
physiological reasons why life should
end, why the heart should cease to per
form its functions at the age of 70 any
more than at 120. ! Certainly the facts are
abundant tending to prove that authenti
cated old age is being attained by men
and women in this country with an in
creasing degree of frequency, and, what
is better, to Quote the words of E. P.
Powell, "It is certain that our American
men at 60 are not broken up as badly
as our fathers of 40." Immense gains
have been made in the direction of de
creasing the mortality of children, and
larger numbers reach the age of 30 and
40 than at any other period of our his
tory, but there are still at work deadly
foes to long life which continue to elude
the control of man. Typhoid fever, con
sumption and the various forms of lung
diseases cause premature death fn many
cases when life could have been pro
longed under improved conditions. But it
is to the diseases of middle life and of
the age period 55 and over, the affections
of the heart and nervous system, the va
rious forms of liver and urinary diseases,
and among women even more than
among men, the most dread disease of
cancer, ! that old age is far more rare
than It would be could- medical science
make the progress which surgery has
made and reach that point of exactitude
and controf of forces by which a disease
in its early stages can be successfully ar
rested. Unhappily, medical treatment Is
usually sought too late, at a time "when
the system has been too far broken down
by the encreachment of disease germs de
stroying vital tissue.
Improving Habits of Youth.
Thus far the gain has been mo3tly upon
the younger lives; it is in youch that w«
form our habits, and I believe vhat our
young men, spite of all remarks to the
contrary, are to-day stronger, healthier,
more active and more ambitious than the
youth of any nation at any time In the
past. It is no longer fashionable to look
pale and delicate, with a tendency to con
sumption <Jc scrofula and anaemia. ¦ -
John Burn Bailey called attention to the
fact which he had noted from his own in
quiries "that the mentally deficient or in
tellectually Inactive fail to be represented
in his list of the longlived; energy of brain
must coexist with vigor of body to insure
extreme longevity," and to this remark I
may add one of Hufeland's observations
on the art of T>rolonged life, that "no in
stance can be • found of an idler having
attained to a remarkable old age."
Old Age That Is "Worth Having.
What I have tried to make clear in these
few remarks upon industry and long life Is
the necessary relation between continued
years and increasing , usefulness. Mere
continued years cannot be looked upon or
desired from an individual or social point
of view unless the increase of years brings
increase of happiness to the one who lives
beyond the normal age, and to those with
whom his existence is interwoven. "V»'hy
stay we on earth unless w© grow?"
Everything pertaining to the right view of
long life is to be found in these few words
of Browning, "unless we grow." Not a
standstill, not a retrogression, a second
childhood,, decrepit and dependent, but a
strong, persistent vitality continued to the
end. Without an intellectual life such ex
istence is impossible. It must prove a bore
to the man who lives and to those vho
have to live with him. No -one has ex
pressed this thought more beautifully than
Hamerton: "I compare the life of the in
tellectual"—and, as he has said elsewhere,
the intellectual life is possible to all who
earnestly desire it — "to a long wedge of
gold; the thin end of it begins at birth,
and the depth and value of Jt go on in
definitely, increasing until at last comes
Death, who stops the auriferous process.
Oh, the happiness of j the fortunate old
men whose thoughts went deeper and
deeper like a wall that runs out into the
sea." Such, then, is the old age, the long
life worth living, worth striving for,
worth fighting for. -
Chances of Living 10O Tears.
What, then, are thejehances of reaching
the age of 100 under present-day condi
tions? The. answer to this Question i3
somewhat difficult, since life tables are
based on the general population, for which
the returns at advanced ages are notably
in error, while data supplied by life in
surance companies are not applicable to
the people In general, including the un
healthy and otherwise impaired from an
insurance point of view. For Massachu
setts a recent life table has been prepared
by which it is possible to arrive at the
point desired with at least an approxi
mate degree of accuracy. Dr. S. W. Ab
bott has calculated on the returns for the
years 1893-18S7 that out of 10,000 bom in
that State nine persons may be expected
to reach, the century mark, and those
who attain this age may still expect to
live 1.2 years longer if males and l.o years
lcr.ger.if females. A comparative table
for the year 1855 ' shows that about half
a century ago very few indeed had .a
chance to reach the extreme age of 100,
since by a table prepared by Elliott only
nine out of 100,000 would survive to that
age. In other words,- the chance of at
taining the age of 100 in Massachusetts is
to-day ten times what it was naif a cen
tury ago. • .
But in a large measure the attaining of
old age by the few is of far less impor
tance to the community than the attain
ing of middle age and years past middle
age by the many. Every death" between
the ages of 15 and 30 is a social calamity
and economic Joss, in that a life comes to
an end when most has been sunk in its
production and when least has been re
turned to the community in the shape of
productive labor and surplus gain. It Is,
then, a matter of importance to note that
there has been a material increase in the
number of those who survive to the ages
of 30, 40 and 50. although the gain has not
been as large as would be desirable and
as will be possible under better conditions
of city life. At present -in Massachusetts
there are expected to survive to the ajre
of 50 5275 persons out of every 10.000 born
against 4409 survivors out of the same
number In 1855. At the age of 80 the num
ber of survivors is 1266 at present, against
1059 half a century ago: and thus the most
valuable lives, valuable because • of en
hanced intelligence and comprehension
have been saved to the state because of
the sanitary end -other social progress
made during the last fifty years. ° 5ress
As that paper\has been upon all sides of the issue
dealt with by the court, it can make its claim with
some show of reason. But, as in jurisprudence, even
of the yellow journalistic variety, the last decision
stands as the law of the case until reversed, one may
go to the Examiner's latest judgment in order to
compare it with the decision of- the court. Within
ten days the Examiner's latest judgment was de
clared. Under the caption, "Aguinaldo Converted,"
that paper said: "Even Aguinaldo has at last been
driven by the compulsion of facts and common sense
to accept the view which the Examiner has steadily
maintained ever since the Philippine question forced
itself upon the American people. A dispatch from
Manila announces that in an interview with a cor
respondent of the Associated Press the caged leader
of the insurrection expressed the opinion 'that the
American government of the Philippines, in order to
be satisfactory, should conform strictly to the con
stitution.' This has been the Examiner's position
from the beginning. We have never wavered in the
belief that both Congress and the insurgent command
ers would in time recognize the justice and wisdom
of a territorial government for the Philippine people,
under the broad guarantees and careful limitations of
the constitution."
And now the Examiner says its opinion is affirmed!
But the court says, in terms, that the power of Con
gress over the Philippines is "outside the constitu
tion," and is expected to be exercised as justly and
carefully as the powers of that body within the con
stitution. That is to say, the new power ? of Congress
discovered by the court is not subject to "the broad
guarantees and careful limitations of the constitu
tion," unless Congress choose to accept them as its
guide. ' The power, therefore, is plenary in Congress,
in the sense of being full, original with that body,
underived, and without limitation, and not subject to
constitutional review or restraint. That this is so is
plain in the argument made by the court, in these
terms: "It is safe to say that if Congress should ven
ture upon legislation manifestly dictated by selfish
interests it would receive quick rebuke at the hands of
the people." If that have any meaning it is that the
islands must rely for fair and unselfish legislation not
upon the broad guarantees and careful limitations of
the constitution, but upon the justice and. mercy of
the American people, who can reverse oppressive
legislation by retiring the Congress that indulges in
it. Within the pale covered" by the constitution the
resort of the oppressed is to the courts. Without that
pale it is to the people.
Again, the decision flatly admits that there is no
provision in the constitution for such acquisition of
territory as we have made in the case of Porto Rico
and the Philippines, and therefore no provision ex
ists for its government. Hence the right of ac
quisition and government is outside the constitution,
and the court derives it from the general nature of
sovereignty. So the court says: "If it be once con
ceded we are at liberty to acquire foreign territory a
presumption arises that our power with respect to
such territory is the same power which other nations
have been, accustomed to exercise with respect to ter
ritory 'acquired by them. If, in limiting the power
which Congress was to exercise within the United
States, it was also intended to limit it with regard to
such territories as the United States should thereafter
acquire, such limitations should have been expressed."
What other nations does the court mean when it
seeks for the powers which Congress may exercise as
it says "outside the constitution"? -They are of course
the nations that have been acquisitive of territory.
They are England, Russia, Germany, France, Hol
land and the others which have by conquest sought
additions to their landed empire. If the Examiner
can prove that they have bestowed upon these acqui
sitions the broad guarantees, and have in their gov
ernment been restrained by the careful limitations of
the American constitution, it may be able to connect
its views with the court's decision.
Perhaps, however, it relies upon its ability to fool
most of its readers all of the time.
The Examiner is of opinion that it has been af
firmed, and quotes itself as a court of first instance.
THE Supreme Court, if it read the volume of
newspaper opinions upon ' its decision, in the
island cases, will be apt to feel undecided as to
the meaning of its own decision. ;
WHAT THE, DECISION DECIDES.
THE SAN FK ANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY;^ M AY 30, 1901.
$10 35, San Francisco to Los Angeles for
first cabin passage. Including meals and
berth. Only twerfty-six hours en route
Steamer Santa Rosa or k Queen from
Broadway wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship Company
ottlce 4 New Montgomery street under
Palace Hotel. . • " , -.
It Is becoming more and more difficult
to distinguish between a row and a revo
lution in -Venezuela.
6
AI> V r'TVT r TS>T i rM"rc' WT ' f ' a -.
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
Son Benito County.
50 Cents per share.
Silver Greek Quicksilver Mine,'
' Santa Clara County.
75 Cents per share.
The furnace at Silver Creek Is mere than
half completed and will be finished tn thirty
days, and the price of thla stock will advance
at that time if not sooner. Only 15,000 «hares
left In each company. .
No stock sold unless equal amount Is takea
In each company.
• Both mines under one management.
VAST QUANTITIES OP RICH ORE AL-
READY DEVELOPED.
DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID AS SOON AS
FURNACES ARE RUNNING. - ¦
Quicksilver mines are the most permanent
and profitable of all mines. Our mines are ad-
jacent to • mines that have produced over
J100,000,OCO worth of quicksilver.,
Let us show you these mines,", and Judge tot
yourself.
We guarantee to pay all assessments on thla
itock for five yean.
The money obtained from the sale of stock
will be used in the construction of Scott Fur-
naces, which Mr. Robert Scott is now building.
and developments, which ¦ will > Immediately
raise t>te .»rice of the stock. fc
H. R. BRADFORD. ;
1 President and General Manager,
7 North Market •t. s . SAN JOSE. CAL.
. Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Offlce, 413
ICearny st.. San Francisco. ¦
F. DE FKE1TAS, A«w»t.
One of the differences between men and
women is that men have to die in order
to become angels — so says a - woman
writer. : J . , : .0 * >
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters excite the ap-
petite and prepare the stomach for Its work. A
half wineglass before meals. Get Slegert's.
And burn, and make you tired all over? Allen's
Foot-Kase makes the shoes comfortable,' rests
and cools- the feet and makes walking 1 easy. At
all druggists and shoe" stores, 25c. Sample sent
FREE. Address Allen S. Olmsted. Le Roy, N.Y
Do Your Feet .-Ache
Low Bates and Fast Time to tha Pan-
American Exposition.
Round-trip rate to Buffalo. |S7. Time of th»
Union Pacific RaUroad. three and a half days.
Tickets on -sale at all offices of the Southern
Paciflc and Union Paciflc Railroad companies.
D. W. Hitchcock, general agent, 1 Montgomery
street, San Francisco.
Montana, Colorado and Arizona were
ahead of California last year in the aggre-
gate production of metals. The aggre-
gate of Montana alone was $59,000,000 and
of Colorado $47,000,000.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
eomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Call nnbscrlbera contemplating a ebange *f
reRideace daring: the Bummer months can hsrft
their v paper forirarded by mall to their new
•ddreaae* by notifying The Call Business Office.
Tmla paj»cr rvJll also be on sale at all summer
t*esorta and Is represented by a local acent la
•U towss on the coast.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Central— "The War of Wealth."
Tlvoli— "The Toy Maker."
Orrheum— VgudevIIIe.
Columbia— "The Importance of Being Earn "?t."
Alcazar— "The First Born" and "Gloriana."
Grand Opera-house— "Cleopatra."
California— "I'hroso."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenng.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Union Coursing Park-Coursing to-day.
Alhambra— Benefit Children's Hospital, Saturday matinee,
Juno 1.
Eutro Baths — Swlmmln— .
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUTJSEHENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
Br Occidental Horsf Exchange— Saturday. June L at 11
o'clock, sixty head of Horses, at 721 Howard street:TO SAIL,
FROM SEATTLE.
Visitors to the city will buy their wall
paper of G., W. Clark &-Co., 653 Market. •
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Jean Sorg would not have to pay
$4500, as ordered by the lower court, for
breach of promise. As Miss Bertha Lieb
brandt, the plaintiff, had only told one
person of her engagement, the court de
cided that her humiliation could not have
been very great and that her heart pangs
were not worth the sum mentioned.
No Balm for Her Wounded Heart.
Yachting^ Party's- Hard Luck.
Ten young men and two young women
will not forget their last sail on, the sloop
Aloha. They started away Saturday aft
ernoon, but, the wind falling light, they
could not get farther than midstream.
When the tide turned they drifted out to
sea. All night they were off the Cliff
House, and it was not until Sunday at
midday that a crab fisherman in a small
gasoline launch came along and towed
them back to fishermen's wharf. Five of
the young men are Fred Wltzel, Roland
For.tana, George Snyder, Mark Fontana
and Gustave Snyder.
Schedule of School Examinations.
The Board of Education notified princi
pals yesterday that examinations will
take place as follows: Monday, June 3, 9
a. m., language, and 1 p. m., spelling;
Tuesday, June 4. 9 a. m., arithmetic, and
1 p. m., history; Wednesday, June 5, 9
a. m., geography.
In preparing the year's average for
eighth grades teachers are directed to in
clude reports in manual training, drawing
and cookery. ' \
There will be principals' meeting to
morrow at 4 p. m. at the board rooms.
JUSTICE COBB WILL • ,
RETAIN HIS SEAT
Supreme Court Decides That He Is
Entitled to Dispense Justice
at San Jose.
A complicated question involving the
possession of the office of Justice of the
Peace in San Jose was settled yesterday
by the Supreme Court in favor of the in
cumbent, C. "Vy. Cobb. Cobb was law
fully appointed to 'the position on tho
death of the former justice. Meanwhile
Richardson, his opponent In the suit, was
elected to the office, but was not allowed
to, take. possession on the ground that it
was already filled. The lower court sus
tained Richardson and Cobb appealed.
The Supreme Court decided Cobb was
justified legally in. his position and re
manded the case for a new trial, with di
rections that judgment be rendered in his
favor. •
"Word was passed * along ; the water
front . yesterday forenoon that _ Colonel
Kfrkpatrickl Harbor Commissioner.. would
pass In his patronage list at thu afternoon
meeting of the board and that- several of
the party-WQrkers, who have'been'wait
ing a long time for recognition would be
placed on the payroll. Messages by tele
phone from Sacramento signified that the
rumor of "something doing" had extended
to the CaDltol of the State. There was a
meeting of the Board at the appointed
time yesterday afternoon, and Commis
sioner Kirkpa trick was there in "the spirit
and the flesh, but did not produce his list.
The session of the Board was brief. A
communication was received, setting
forth that the United. States Government
did not require v more space for the trans
port service than that afforded at Folsom
street wharf. The Commissioners,- who
had been reserving additional space for
the Government at Howard street wharf,
assigned the reserved .: accommodations. .
The north side of Pier 10 was assigned to
the Panama Railroad and Steamship
Company, and the south side to the Pa
cific Steam Navigation Company.
In addition to regular tolls «,ach com
pany pays $125 for special privileges con
ferred by the' assignment. «,
. J. P. Barnett sent a communication to
the Board asking that only members of
the Pavers' Union be' employed on paving
work contemplated by the Commission.
The letter was placed on llle. Hanna
Brothers' bid of $274 for bui'.dinsr a small
office, being the lowest,, was accepted.
Howard- Street Wharf Space
Is Duly Assigned to
.^\. Commerce.
Party Workers Expect
ing to Be Placed on
HARBOR FRONT
PATRONAGE LIST
TO ARRIVE
THURSDAY, MAY 20.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and HelshtH of High and Low
Waters at Fort Folnt, entrance to San
Francisco Bay, published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tho hlg-h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlnslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort .Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
NOTE— In ' th« . above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there aro but three
tides as nometlmes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast < Survey charts, except when a
minus (—) slRn precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
Klven by the charts. ¦' The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 212 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
Another attempt was made to rob John
ron's eigrar stand at the foot of Spear
street Tuesday night. It is only a few
weeks ago that Special Officer Fitzgerald
caught a gang of men loading the con
nntF of the store into a wagon. He gave
chase, but the men escaped among the
lumber piles. Tuesday night Watchman
Jackson of the Santa Fe saw four men
trying to break Jnto the same stand. They
were prying off the shutters with a
jimmy when Jackson called to the watch
man on the schooner Carrie and Annie.
As soon as the burglars saw the watch
men coming they decamped. This Is the
third attempt to break into the cigar
Ftancl in a month.
Burglars at "W^ork on Front.
THE steel four-masted bark Arra
can is out 98 days from Newcas
tle, Australia, with a cargo of
coal for San Francisco, and 15 per
cent is being paid to reinsure her
chances. The Arracan is a sister ship to
the Afghanistan and is classed as a clip
per. Captain Beavan of the British ship
Vanduara is a great friend of Captain
Donald of the Arracan, and when^he ar
rived here from Valparaiso he fully ex
pected to find his old shipmate in port.
The Vanduara has been loaded and is. now
eight days on her way to Queenstown, but
still there is no sign of the Arracan. The
underwriters are afraid of the coal cargo
and think it may have caught tire. Tne
Arracan was built in 1S92 and is 291 feet 3
inches long.'42 feet 1 inch beam and 24 feet
5 inches deep.
The John McDonald, another coal-laden
vessel, is now out 254 days from Balti
more for San Francisco, and 90 per cent is
being offered on her, while on the oil
laden Manchester, now out 279 days from
New York for Yokohama, 85 per cent is
being paid. On the Aladdin, 141 days from
Java lor Sydney, 70 per cent; Linwood, 194
days from Manila tor New York, 35 per
cent, and on -the Lydgate, Powys Castle
and Beacon Rock, all bound for Austra
lian ports, 5 per cent is being offered.
The wreck of the San Francisco owned
ship R. D. Rice was sold at Kobe, Japan,
the other day. The hull brought $3000 and
the cargo $2000. ,
All hopes of saving the new British
steamship Sobraon, which went on Tung
Yung Island a few weeks ago, have been
abandoned. The wreck -was to have- been
sold at Hongkong on the 22d inst. The
Sobraon was almost a brand new vessel,
and was not insured.
America Ma.ru Sails.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's steamship
America Maru sailed for the Orient yes
terday. Among the cabin passengers
were J. D. Morgan and A. J. Bowie. Mr.
Morgan located rich mining property on
the island of Luzcn last year and came
back to America to get the necessary
capital to develop the mines. A company
was formed in the East and Mr. Bowie is
its representative. The two gentlemen
will go from Hongkong to Manila, and
the work of development will oegin soon
after their arrival.
W. C. Patterson and wife, W. C. Thomp
son and wife. Miss Hazel Patterson and
Miss Madge Rice are Los Angeles people,
who will make a tour of the Orient. Pro
fessor C. C. Clifford was also a passenger
on the America Maru. He is a professor
in the University of Tientsin, but came
home on account of the Boxer uprising.
J. H. Millard and wife and Miss Mary
Reese were also passengers.
Besides her cabin passengers the Amer
ica Maru took away a large number of
Chinese and a full cargo.
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Mall Company's Cily of
Peking from the Orient, arrived at 10
o'clock last nl&ht. The City of Sydney
from Panama, was also due yesterday.
She was probably delayed at Central
American ports.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sonoma was due yesterday from Austra
lia, Now Zealand, Samoa and Hawaii.
Owiirg to an accident to her starboard en
gine, she has been coming home siowly,
however, and that may be the cause of
her delay.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN,
The British bark Invergarry cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 52,270 ctls
wheat, valued at $34. Si SO and 15,000 feet lumber
as dunnage, valued at $225.
Notice to Mariners.
NOONDAY ROCK, CALIFORNIA.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth District,
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. May 29, 1901.
Notice is hereby fflven that the Noonday
Rock bell buoy 1b not striking, the bell
being broken. It will be replaced by another
buoy as soon as practicable.
SHELTER COVE, CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given that the Point Del
gada bell buoy, painted black and marked
"Dclgada In white, used as guide for
entering Shelter Cove, California, ; that was
reported out of order in a notice to mariners of
April 22, 1901, was replaced on May 28 by an
other buoy in the old position, about ohe and
three-eighths miles SE by E one-eighth 1 of a
mile E from Point Delgada, Shelter Cove, Cal
ifornia, and is now in good working order.
This notlce'aiTects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901, pages 18 and 29. By
order of the Lighthouse Board. i
U. 6EBR.EE, Commander U. S. N., •
* Inspector Twelfth lighthouse District.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Japanese liner America Maru sailed yes
terday for the Orient with a general cargo
valued at !225,S05, manifested as follows: For
China, $79,640; Japan, $119,378; Manila, $23,767;
Vladivostok, $930; East Indies, $836; Korea, $694.
The cargo included the following:
For China— 1200 gala bottled beer, 10 cs, 239
gals brandy, 1187 ca canned goodi, 2179 lbs
cheese, 21 bales dry goeds, 1130 bales domestics,
ii pkgs fruit, 10,756 bbls flour, 1008 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 107 cs liquors, 605
kegs nails, 7800 lbs pearl barley, 45 cs sal
mon, 133 bdls scrap wire, 20 cs, 987 gals wine,
2)3 cs, 10 bbls whisky.
For Japan— 121 cs canned goods, 600 lbs
cheese, 1&00 bales cotton, 3155 bbls flour, 195
pkgs groceries and provisions, 1994 lbs ham and
bacon, 420 pigs lead, 14S rolls leather, l.vrt kegs
nails, 10 bbls oil, 60 butos oakum, CO bbls oak
«xtroct, 23 rs rubber coo<!*, S85 lbs sugar, 19S,-
OSO lbs nitrate of soda, 10 cs, 1)30 gain wine.
For Manlla-SlS gall brandy, 24 ci canned
roods, 7 cs drugs, 25 cs honey, 6 cs glassware,
10 en hardware, 66 bales paper, 11 cs rubber
goods, 67 cs dtatlonery, 6 cs shoes, 179S cs, 5
gals whisky, 43 pkgs building material.
For East Indies— 150 cs canned goods, 120 cs
salmon, 1 pkg machinery, 4 crti carriage ma-
For' Vladivostok— 8 cs canned goods, Cl pkga
groceries and provisions, 16 rolls leather.
For Korea— 23 cs hardware, 1 cs, 63 gals wine,
6 pkits groceries and provisions, 6 cs conned
goods, 2 cs shoes. , . V -V'
Departure of the Kosmos Liner.
The Kosmos line steamer Kambyses sailed
yesterday for Hamburg and way ports with a
general cargo, valued at $83,260, manifested and
dertined as follows:
Fur Mexico. $42M; Central America, $11,333;
Sailed May 2S— Stmr Victoria, for Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 29— Stmr Lake Me
rantic, for Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed ' May 29— Stmr Sax
onia, for Boston; stmr Servla, for New York;
both from Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 29— Stmr Kai
serin Maria Theresa, ' from Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 29— Stmr Bolivia,
for Mediterranean ports; stmr St Paul, for
Southampton; Etmr Teutonic, for Liverpool;
Btmr Kensington, for Antwerp.'
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office,- U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco, Cal.,
May 29, 1901. . i
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
- J. C. BURNETT,
/ Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired. In charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. IS. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 29. 1901. ' '
To-morrow being a holiday, the time ball
will not be dropped. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired, in charge.
Steamer Movements.
Ecuador, $10,424; Peru, $21,220; Chile, $27,453;
Germany, $6660; London, $2000. The principal
expoits were as follows:
For Mexico— 300 gals wine, 30 'asks quick
silver, 17,836 lbs tallow, 24 bars Iron, 25 cs
hardware. 10 cs liquors, 227 reels wire, 5 kegs
powder, 4 pkgs paint, i pkgs wagon material,
7 bdls pipe.
For Central America— 1160 cs dynamite, 8 cs
caps and fuse, 7 cs stationery, 108 gals whisky,
3S pkgs groceries and provisions, 7 cs hard
ware, 20 kegs, powder, 5 drums acid, 1770 gals
coal oil, 4 cs canned goods, 8 bdls pipe, 12 bbls
flour, 1512 gals wine, 358 pkgs tank material.
For Ecuador— 1125 bbls flour, 495 lbs dried
fruit, 6 bdls spices, 2750 lbs rice, 100 cs sal
mon, 16 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1000 cs
powder, 17 cs fuse.
For Peru— 4102 bbls flour, 311 coils cordage, 8
bdls brooms, 4050 lbs dried fruit, 186 cs canned
goods, 1575 lbe seed. 12,301 railroad ties, 46 cs
salmon, 15 pkgs groceries and provisions, 30,210
lbs tallow, 2900 lbs lard.
For Chile— 7340 bbls flour, 85 cs canned goods,"
100 coils cordage, 121 bills iron, 1250 lbs lard, 10
bbls oil, 29 bdls oars, 35 cs hardware, 34 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 110 cs salmon, 51 bdls
pipe. 6 cs paint, 25 reels wire, 50 cs whisky.
Fer Germany — 289 cs honey, 2592 gals wine, 14
pkgs household goods, 448,000 lbs copra caks.
For London— 26,000 lbs cascara sagrada.
Shipping Intelligence.
Wednesday, May 29.
Stmr Eureka, Jensen, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 50 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, 15 days from Pa
nama. • ¦ • •
Schr Peerless, Johnson, 16 days from Port
Blakeley. • • \
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 15 hours from
FiphermanB Bay. ' ' , .'•
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, 20 hours from Iver
sens Landing.
Schr Chas E Falk, Hennlnger, Z l A days from
Eureka.
Schr Gen Banning, Bennerwitz, VA days from
Grays Harbor.
\ Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Esther Buhne, Salvesen, 46 hours, from
Eureka. '
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, ! 4 days from Coos
Bay.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, May 29.
Stmr Helene, Nicholson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels A^Bros Co.
Stmr Marlnosa, Rennie, Honolulu and Syd
ney; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Newsboy, Warner, Nome; W S Scam
mell.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwingr, Seattle; Dol
lar Steamship Co. «
Stmr Saldle, Benediktson, St Mlrhael, via
Unalaska; Northern Commercial Co.
Jap stmr America Ms.ru, Going, Honolulu,
Tokohama and Hongkong; W H Avery.
Bark Alden Bcsse," Kessel, Honolulu; J D
Sprt-ckels & Bros Co. '
Br bark Invercarry. Kendrlck, Queen&town;
L Kauffman. , v
SAILED,
"Wednesday, May 29.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Helen. Nicholson, Honolulu.
Stmr Del Norte. Green( Crescent City.
Ger Etmr Kambyses, Grimm, Hamburg, etc.
Jap atmr America Maru, Going, Hongkong,
etc.
Bark Gatherer, Tounggren, Tacoma.
Bark Alden Besse, Klessel, Honolulu. ¦ .
• Schr Transit, Paulsen, Kahulul.
SPOKEN.
March 17, lat 54 S, Ion 62 W— Br ship Argus,
from Bremen, for Honolulu, and not as before
reported.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, May 29— Br ship Ardencralp ar-'
rived at Queenstpwn. Forepeak Is on fire and
every means is being taken to extinguish It.
, TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived May 2J— Stmr Pomona,
hence May 28. •
ASTORIA— Sailed May 29— Br shij> Uimelra,
for Queenstown.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 29—
Stmr Whitesboro, from Greenwood.
Sailed May 29— Stmr Alcazar, for .
EAST SAN PEDRO- Sailed May 29. at 6
p m — Stmr Geo Loomis, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 29— Stmr Na
tional City, hence May 28.
Sailed May 29— Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran-
CifiCO.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 29— Br stmr
Almond Branch, from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 29 — Stmr Cone
maugh, Ijence May 25; atmr Valencia, hence
May 25.
Sailed May 28— Br stmr Buckingham, for
Vancouver. May 29;— Schr Balboa, for Port
Clarence.
Palled May 28— Schr Laurel, for Cape Nome.
May 29— U S Btmr Samoa, for Manila.
MARSHFIELD— Arrived May 29— Schr Eliza
Miller, 'hence May 16.
NEAH BAY— Passed out May 29— Bktn James
Johnson, for Adelaide.
Passed in May 29— U S stmr Gedney, hence
May 25.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 28— Schr W J Pat
terson, for Grays Harbor.
TACOMA— Arrived May 29— Bark Levl G
Burgers, hence May 18.
PORT GAMnLE— Arrived May"29-Schr Ad
miral, from Honolulu.
Arrived May 29— I5r ship Mary A Troop, from
Port Town»end.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 27— Ger uhlp
Alice, from Portland. Or, and proceeded to
Hamburg. May 29— Br ship Clan Maepherson,
from Tacoma; Dutch bark Pax, from Portland.
HONGKONG- Arrived May 28— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
Arrived prior to May Zd-?13v atmr Duke of
Fife, from Tacoma, .
Sailed May 28— Stmr Victoria, for Tacoma.
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 28— Stmr Newport,
for Panama. . ¦
ANTOrOQASTA— Arrived April 15-Chll bark
AntofAganta, from Chemalnuii.
NKWOABTLK. Auu— Arrived May 11— Br ship
Kudora. from Hollo.
Balled May 25— Hr ship Dunfermllne, for Ban
Francisco.
rilAWLB POINT— Pawed May 2ft-Dr chip
AlclnouB, hence Jan in, for Queenstown.
CARDIFF— In port May 15-Dr bark Deud
raeth Cmitle, for Pusret Sound. • ¦
SWANSEA -Balled May 25— F* bark Pierre
Lett, for Ban Francl»co. ,/
IQUIQUE— Balled April , Dr bark Chlr
perkyle, ¦ for Ban Francitco; Ital bark Emilia
Cln-mpft, for Honolulu. ' ' . -
VAX.PAUA18O— Sailed May 28— Oer itmr Am
rnon, for San Francl»co, from Hamburg and
way port*. .
YOKOHAMA — Balled May 28— Jao »tmr
Honnrkonff Maru, for San Franclaco.
NANAIMO— Arrived May 28— Nor «tmr Tlta
nla, hence May 24. j ,,
Balled May 28— Stmr Mlncola, for Port Lo«
Angeles. ' _^
OCEAN STEAMKR8.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to May 29— Stmr
Emprees of China, from Vancouver; ttmr
Duke of Fife, from Tacoma. • ¦¦ ¦ ¦
THE FOUR-MASTED BRITISH BARK ARRACAN, NOW OVERDUE ,AT THIS PORT FROM AUSTRALIA. SHE IS
A SISTER SHIP TO THE WELL-KNOWN AFGHANISTAN AND IS DEEMED A CLIPPER. SHE IS LADEN
WITH COAL. .
The advent of the new steamships Ko
rean and Siberian, now nearing comple
tion at Newport News for the Pacific
Mail Company, will make some radical
changes In shipping circles. According
to one of the best posted men on the front
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company will go out of existence and the
Gaelic, Coptic and Doric will be returned
to their British owners, as the Mall Com
pany will be able to handle the trade
alone. The Santa Fe wants vessels of
this class for the China trade, and Ismar,
Imrie & Co. may be able to dispose of the
fleet to the railroad.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha will build three
larger and faster vessels to supersede the
America Maru, Nippon Maru and Hong
kong Maru and will continue running' in
conjunction with the Mail Company,
while the White Star line (Ismay, Imrie
& Co.) may put the Majestic, Teutonic
and Gothic on the route; that Is, if the
Santa Fe takes the Gaelic, Coptic and
Doric.
Some months ago the Occidental and
Oriental Company wanted to replace the
Gaelic. Coptic and Doric with larger ves
sels, and as the Oceanic and Celtic, the
two largest steamships afloat, have re
cently been added to the White Star's
Atlantic fleet, and others are building,
that concern was willing to send out three
vessels that can average eighteen knots
an hour to replace the three now on the
route. The powers that be in New York
would not agree to the arrangements,
however, as the programme for the O. and
O. will be merged into the Pacific Mail.
In that event the Santa Fe and White
Star people will be looking for wharf
space.
The Korean and Siberian, the Mall Com
pany's new steamships, will each carry
between 15,000 and 17,000 tons of freight,
or do as much as half a dozen of the
present fleet can, besides having magnifi
cent passenger accommodation. The China
will continue on her present run, while
the Mail Company may put some of its
Panama fleet on the Hongkong-Manila
route to act as feeders to the China fleet.
Everything is in the air just now, but
with the arriva! of the Korean the Mail
Company's employes expect to see many
startling changes.
Another competitor of the Pacific Mail
that is building larger steamships for its
trade Is the Pacific Steam Navigation
Company. It has recently, in conjunction
with the Compania Sud Americana de
Vapores, entered into competition with
the American company, and it looks as if
the new line had come to stay.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Company,
like the White Star line, is an English
concern, and it is having four new steam
ships built on the Clyde for its California
trade. The vessels are to be of 5000 tons
burden, 400 feet long, 52 feet beam and 29
feet deep. They are to be called Victoria,
California. Mexico and Panama. Judg
ing from the names, it would appear that
the company contemplates extending its
service to Victoria, B. C. The new boats
are being built as quickly as possible and
will be the most palatial steamships ever
seen on this coast.
What with the new vessels for the Pa
cific Mail, ocean greyhounds for the Toyo
Kisen Kaisha. twenty-knot fliers for the
White Star line, and the palatial liners
for the Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany, not forgetting the magnificent new
vessels of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's fleet, times should be :busy along:
the front in a few months.
The Pacific Steam Navigation
Company in the Race for
Business.
May Absorb Occidental
and Oriental Line of
Steamships.
PACIFIC MAIL
REACHING OUT
British Four-Masted Bark Afracan, From Newcastle, Australia, for
San Francisco, Is Out Ninety-Eight Days, and 15 Per Cent Is
Being Paid to Reinsure Her— America Maru Off for the Orient
OVERDUE VESSELS ARE AGAIN
CAUSING OWNERS UNEASINESS
- ¦ ' . , . ' . • - - . ' »'¦¦.•¦.' ' ' .'"¦..
XMls'-SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL., THURSDAY, MAY 30. 1901. '
7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Senator Nome direct ..' May 30
Dlrigo... .... Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
Valencia Nome direct May 30
Al-Kl Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
Oregon.; Nome & Port Clarence. June 1
Humboldt. Skaguay & Way Ports. Juno 1
Victorian....... Rkaguay & Way Ports. June 2
Conemaugh.... Nome via. St. Michael. June 4
State of Cal.... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 4
South Portland Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 5
Farallon. Skaguay & AVay Ports.. June 7
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.. June 8
Steamer. ". ' . From. .
City of Peking:. China ¦ and Japan
Czarina t>eattle t and Tacoma. . . .
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Corona '.. Newport
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena.... Point Arena
Progreso Tacoma ;
Empire Coos Bay
South Coast.... Humboldt
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor
Pomona Humboldt
Rlvalr.: Willapa Harbor
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
North Pork Humboldt
Australia.. Tahiti
Newburff San Pedro
Palena | Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Matteawan. ...'.: Tacoma —
Noyo Humboldt .'
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock
San Pedro Ran Pedro
Queen San Diego
W. H. Krujcer. Tillamook Bay ..;
Coos Bay San Pedro andWay Ptt
Acme. San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
Titanla." Nanaimo ;
Gaelic China and Japan
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria...
Mandalay Coquille River
Coronado San Pedro
Zealandla...... Honolulu ...;
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts
Arcata Coos Bay ......:...
From.
Due.
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 3:)
May 30
May 3')
May 30
May 30
May 31
May 31
May 31
June 1
June 1
June l
June 1
Juno 1
June 1
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June. 2
June 2
June 8
June 3
June 3
June 4
June 4
June 4
June 4
June 5
June 6
June 5
Steamer.
Destination.
JSalls.| Pier.
. May ao.
S. Portland... Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 13
Alliance Prtlnd & Coos Day 5 pm Pier 16
J. S. Klmball. Nome via Seattle. 3 pm Pier 2
Marlposa. Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Fulton Grays. Harbor 5 pm Pier 16
May 31.
Hyades Seattle direct 2 pm Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bay 4 pmjPler 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am|Pier 9
Kureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Jane 1.
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 3 pm Pier &
Empire Coos Bay ...'. 12 m Pier 13
Corona Newport : 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
St. Paul Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 31
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
South Coast.. Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Jane 2.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa.. San-Diego 9 am Pier 11
June 3.
Leelanaw. N. Y. v. Panama.. 2 pm Pier 16
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor Pier — ¦
San Pedro — Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Jane 4.
Coronado.V... Seattle & Everett.. 5 pm Pier 2
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
June ."».
Urnatllla Pugct Sounds Ports 11 am Pier 9
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Run rUe»
Bun «ets
Moon gets
Time Time .
'Date Ft. — — Ft.
L. W H W
nT;. 8:42 *0.4 10:36 4.3
31 ... 4:18 0,0 11:20 4.4
1 ... 4:63-^0.3 12:05 4,6
2 ... B:M— 0.5 12:4» 4.6
8 .. .6:05—0.6 1:30 4.B
/4 ... 6:43-0.6 2:10 4.7
HAVI L'W •
5 ... 0:16 B.8 7:24-0.6
Time
Ft.
Li W
8:03 ~1
3:42 2.8
4:16 8.2
4:S« 8.2
6:84 8.2
6:2.1 3.2
H W •
2:49 4.8
IV: 6*5 i
.1:4*
..7:25
i. m.
Time
II W
9:33
10:00
.10:29
10:59
11:34
Ft.
B.I
6.8
fi.8
S.8
6.7
L W
7:1!
3.2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Senator Nome direct ..' May 30
Dlrigo... .... Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
Valencia Nome direct May 30
Al-Kl Skaguay & Way Ports. May 30
Oregon.; Nome & Port Clarence. June 1
Humboldt. Skaguay & Way Ports. Juno 1
Victorian....... Rkaguay & Way Ports. June 2
Conemaugh.... Nome via. St. Michael. June 4
State of Cal.... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 4
South Portland Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 5
Farallon. Skaguay & AVay Ports.. June 7
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.. June 8
Steamer. ". ' . From. .
City of Peking:. China ¦ and Japan
Czarina t>eattle t and Tacoma. . . .
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Corona '.. Newport
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena.... Point Arena
Progreso Tacoma ;
Empire Coos Bay
South Coast.... Humboldt
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor
Pomona Humboldt
Rlvalr.: Willapa Harbor
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
North Pork Humboldt
Australia.. Tahiti
Newburff San Pedro
Palena | Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Matteawan. ...'.: Tacoma —
Noyo Humboldt .'
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock
San Pedro Ran Pedro
Queen San Diego
W. H. Krujcer. Tillamook Bay ..;
Coos Bay San Pedro andWay Ptt
Acme. San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
Titanla." Nanaimo ;
Gaelic China and Japan
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria...
Mandalay Coquille River
Coronado San Pedro
Zealandla...... Honolulu ...;
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts
Arcata Coos Bay ......:...
From.
Due.
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 3:)
May 30
May 3')
May 30
May 30
May 31
May 31
May 31
June 1
June 1
June l
June 1
Juno 1
June 1
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June. 2
June 2
June 8
June 3
June 3
June 4
June 4
June 4
June 4
June 5
June 6
June 5
Run rUe»
Bun «ets
Moon gets
Time Time .
'Date Ft. — — Ft.
L. W H W
nT;. 8:42 *0.4 10:36 4.3
31 ... 4:18 0,0 11:20 4.4
1 ... 4:63-^0.3 12:05 4,6
2 ... B:M— 0.5 12:4» 4.6
8 .. .6:05—0.6 1:30 4.B
/4 ... 6:43-0.6 2:10 4.7
HAVI L'W •
5 ... 0:16 B.8 7:24-0.6
Time
Ft.
Li W
8:03 ~1
3:42 2.8
4:16 8.2
4:S« 8.2
6:84 8.2
6:2.1 3.2
H W •
2:49 4.8
IV: 6*5 i
.1:4*
..7:25
i. m.
Time
II W
9:33
10:00
.10:29
10:59
11:34
Ft.
B.I
6.8
fi.8
S.8
6.7
L W
7:1!
3.2
Steamer.
Destination.
JSalls.| Pier.
. May ao.
S. Portland... Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 13
Alliance Prtlnd & Coos Day 5 pm Pier 16
J. S. Klmball. Nome via Seattle. 3 pm Pier 2
Marlposa. Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Fulton Grays. Harbor 5 pm Pier 16
May 31.
Hyades Seattle direct 2 pm Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bay 4 pmjPler 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am|Pier 9
Kureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Jane 1.
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 3 pm Pier &
Empire Coos Bay ...'. 12 m Pier 13
Corona Newport : 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
St. Paul Nome via Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 31
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
South Coast.. Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Jane 2.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa.. San-Diego 9 am Pier 11
June 3.
Leelanaw. N. Y. v. Panama.. 2 pm Pier 16
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor Pier — ¦
San Pedro — Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Jane 4.
Coronado.V... Seattle & Everett.. 5 pm Pier 2
Noyo Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
June ."».
Urnatllla Pugct Sounds Ports 11 am Pier 9
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
, AMTTSEMENTS.
wULUIlSjBiaH LEADING THEATRE
holSay .MATINEE TO-DAY.
FYTD A Owing to the great demand for
L/Y 1 Itrl seats this production will ba
continued for
ANOTHER WEEK.
HENRYMILLER
-• And a Strong Cast in
OSCAR WILDE'S BRILLIANT COMEDT
THE IMPORTANCE
OF BEING EARNEST.
A PLAY j£" ? BIGGEST
TO T4LK HIT IN
ABOUT. YEARS.
SEATS NOW SELLING FOR NEXT
TWELVE PERFORMANCES. , " v-; '• •''V
ANOTHEeTbIG BILL.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY,
Thursday, May 39, Deoration Day.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children, :
10c, any part except reserved.
HENRT LEE. AL LEACH ANX» THE THREE
ROSEBUDS. GRACE VAN STUDDIFORD.
GENARO AND BAILEY. LEW SULLT.
BURTON AND BROOKS, THE GREAT
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. FAREWELL
WEEK OF JAMES O. BARROWS. JOHN
LANCASTER AND COMPANY. &.*$,£*
EXTRA MATINEE TO-DAY,! ':<£
Decoration Day. .
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
Elaborate Production of the Powerful Melo-
drama.
THEWAROF
WEALTH.
Great Scenic Features — Thrilling and Exciting;
Climaxes, etc. •
DDirCC Evenings 10c, 15c, 23c, 35c, 50a
rfillEj) Matinees ..10c. 15c. 25c
NEXT WEEK— "OLD GLORY."
¦ ALL THIS WEEK.
RARHA1N
TO^DAvf
MR. JAMES NEILUSSp b .Ky..
Presenting
THE DRAMA OF ADVENTURE
"FHROSO."
A dramatization of Anthony Hope' a fam-
ous novel of the, same name.
PRICES— Evening:. 2So. 35c. 50c, 75c. ».
Saturday matinee — 25c, 50c, 75c.
Next— "A COLONIAL GIRL."
MORGSeO'S
QRAND' OPERA. HOUSE --
MATINEE TO-DAY. ;
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Tremendous Success of -
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE, In.
"CLEOPATRA."
One of the Most Elaborate Production* Ever
Seen on Any. Stare. •
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
10c, 15c, 25c. 50c. ' A Few Seats 73 Cents.
Good Orchestra Seat all Matinees. 25 Cents.
Branch Ticket office. Emporium.
Next Week— MELBOURNE MacDOWELL la
• . "LA TOSCA."
MATINEE TO-DAY, Decoration Day.
FAREWELL. PERFORMANCE.
.LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
"THE FIRST BORN"
"GLORIANA."
THURSDAY. SATURDAY. SUNDAY.
; v FAREWELL MATINEES.
SEATS NOW SELLING FQR NEXT WEEK.
FCOR^NCE ROBERTS
In Julia Marlowe's Success,
"FOR BONNIE PRINCE CHARLIE."
Orchestra, first six rows, 75c.
OLYMPIA i£s£s£.'
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOU8E IN
THE CITY.
THE SAMAYOAS,
In Their Wonderful Aerial Trapeze Act. "^.' "-»'
ETHEL BARLOW;
The $40,000 Beaut/.
MABEL~HUDSON.
MABEL RUTHERFORD
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
. MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. ' -
,' AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
UNION COURSING PARK
TO-DAY, THURSDAY, May 30th.
SPECIAL HOUDAY STAKE.
SIXTY-FOUR NOMINATIONS.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:30 an4
11:30 a. m. ; Twenty-flfth and Valencia streets
five minutes later. Ban Mateo electric cars
•very three minutes.
ADMIS8I0N. Tie. LADIES FREE.'
ALHAMBRA THEATER. •
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY. Jun« at.
BENEFIT OF
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.
. "MARSH KINO," Fairy Operetta in % Acts.
Elves, Fireflies, Moon Queen, nancliu Sprite*.
Sinning Froga, Electrical Effects, etc.
Popular Prices. Reserved Seats, SO cents;
Loses, alx seats, $6. On sale to-day at fch*r-
n.«n tt Clay's.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO ts LOS ANGELES.
TO-OAY AT fi30 P.M.! L4DIH8*
FRIDAY. AT 3i!3 P. M. 1 DAY8.
RECREATION F*ARK,
Eighth *n<J Harrison afreets. •
ncrurR'c; concert house.
Merl« SUnton. Atlanta, De Boe. Gladys Mld-
dleton. Carter and Gerald, Pert and Lovtil,
Powers and Freed and Clara Palmer Hyde.
Reserved Seats, :3c. Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIALIST
Heart and Kidney Diseases
Owlnp to the rreat prevalence of KID-
NEY diseases and the late discovery that
URIC ACID, a blood poison, is the cause
of many diseases, DR. NAST has estab-
lished a CHEMICAL and MICROSCOP-
ICAL LA BORA TOUT, fitted up with the
eame instruments And appliances used In
the great laboratories of Europe for the
ANALYSIS OF LLOOD AND URINE.
This Is the only tosltlve and scientific
method of knowlnz whether a KIDNEY
disease is pre»ent. URIC ACID POISON
produces in some wntal or nervous symp-
toms such as a confused and dazed mind,
attacks of the bluss, splitting: headaches,
lows of •elf-reliance, the memory «:ets poor
or the temper bad, fretful, irritable;
while in others the URIC ACID la pre-
cipitated in the joints and muscles, pro-
Si RHEUMATISM or GOUT. It fre-
cufntly causes neural/rlas bladder troubles,
sexual disturbances, dyspepsia, palpitation.
iiKthma and hum forms of HEART dls-
< :*m- There Is no question that much un-
necessary SURGERY mlffbt be avoided If
it were known that many disorders of
mmntruatlon. o\'arltla, pelvic neuralgias
and kindred disease* of women owe their
origin to excess of URIC ACID In the
Don't d(>lay. Know thr «lf before tak-
ing- medicine. Consultation free at office
or by mail.
DR. NAST,
1M<. Market st.. corner City Hall Square,
Ban Francisco.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
lor over a Quarter of a century.
THE EMPORIUM.
cj^big store
Y/ on your
& AlaskaivOutfit. jl
SUPPLIES 1
OF ALLK1NDS.
I Food, clothing
and utensils.
Everything
. under one roo£ .
\ Goods properly
packed and delivered
ga Golden "Rule Bazaar, aggfl
Bridgework » $5.00
We are making a specialty of
this branch of work and employ
skillful operators.
Chalmers Dental Co.,
133 Powell Street, S. F.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
B ¦;¦ ffj¥ PM fl^Sajife^flH B9 I W pi^*aBBB)^V
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
1 1 HOTEL*
Visitors to San Francisco who maJcb
their headquarters at tbese -hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
-GRAND HOTEL-
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera Gountyi
For particulars address FARM. SIS Markat
Street. S. F.
AMUSEMENTS.
«« THE GREATEST HIT OF ALL."
EVENINGS AT 8.
ANOTHER BiG TOY SGUVENIR
M*TINEE SATURDAY JUNE 1st
EVERT CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENirt TOT ATTENDING
THE
TOY MAKER.!
SPECIAL MATINEE \ V
DECORATION DAY, MAY 3O.
'POPULAR PRICES... 23c and 50c
Telephone— Bush 9.
CHUTES^ and zoo
Special To-Night.
THE AMATEURS
And the Lady Section Hands In a Sp'ke-
Drlvlng Contest.
SATURDAY NIGHT-
Big Cakewalk
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
SPRING MEETINO— Opening April 2).
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs.
' day, Friday and Saturday, Rain or ahlna.
Five or more race* each day.
ltacea atart at 2:15 p. m. aha/p.
Ferry-boats leave Hun Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, \* 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. ctmnoctlnc
with trains stopping at the entranctt.to th«
track. Laat two cars on train reaerved for
ladles ami their eicorta; no imoklna;. Buy your
lerry tlcketa to Shell Mound. All tralna via
Oakland . mole connect with Ban Pablo avenue
electric cars .at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Alao all tralna via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland . Theat electric car*
go direct to the track :o fifteen xnlnutea.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the laat race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
• R, B. MILROT. Secretary. ' ¦
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7, a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing, Including; admission. 25c; Children, 20c
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
'whenBucls|
I Airb«ri&tT^.r 111
I [ J? DRINK 7*^[
i II Rootbeer ¦•'«¦
I In the spring get close to Nature \
J A by drinking HIRKS Rootbeer— \ 3U
\» the temperafceo beverage, made ifeMJ
SJ of roots, that builds up health . 3&
f and stirs the blood to throw off w
J all impurities. Delightfully re- J
tii freshiug in the lazy days of J
I spring. - A 25-cent package A jf
1 makes 6 gallons. Dealers, write I? I
vA for new special offer. -I! 1 ,
U CHAKLE8 E. II1KEP CO., TOl
r *a '• ' '_>"¦> Malvern, Pa^_^
: '
Good Willow Rocker,
Only $2.75. .
G«:t an. estimate from- us on
everything required to furnish
your entire establishment. '.
Credit and free delivery within
ioo miles. We close at six.
T. Brilliant
•FURNITURE CO,,
33S-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.' ¦
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For 'the cure "Ot GONORRHEA, GL££TS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tin
Org-ana : of Generation. : " ¦ '
Price $1 a bottlo. . For sal* by drusrtsts.New York Metal Market.
PHILADELPHIA. May 29.— The Earl l«'rult
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day, and • the followtnis prices were realized:
Apricots— Royal Cots, single crates, $t 75 to
$190; average, ft 8). Peaches-^Alexander,
boxes,; f 2 25 to $2 GO; average, $2 42. Cherries-
Black ' Republican, boxes, $123 to $1 75; aver
age, $1 63. . One car sold to-day. 'Weather wet
and unfavorable. ¦ ¦ * ,
NEW TORK. May 29.— Earl Fruit, Company
sales California fruits: Apricots— Seedling,
$175@2 25 single crates.. Cherries— Royal Anne,
$1 55@3 05 box; Black Tartarlans, 95c@$l 50;
Poritiac, average $1. This fruit was from Va
caville. From Suisun: Cherries — Black Tar
tarlans, 60c@$5 box; Black Eagle, 65c; Cen
tennial, $1 10571 35; Royal Anne, $1 20@l 80.
From Newcastle: Cherries— Black Tartarlans,
80c@$l 50 box. ' .
Porter Bros.' sales: Cherries— Royal Anne,
$1 25ffi)l 76;- Tartarians. 60c@$l 90; Centennial,
$1 20@l 30; Republicans. $1 15; ..Oxheart, 35c;
Governor Wood, 20c; Elton, BOc: Imperial, 80c;
Superior, 80c; Cleveland, 35<3>50c. Apricots-
Royal, $176®"5 crate; Seedling, • $2 crate $1 40
box; Newcastle, $187; Prlngle, $137. Plums-
Cherry. $1 10. Peaches— Alexander. ' $2 37@3.
California Fruit Sales.
The sales since January 1 amount to. 91,127,900
against 01, 466,900 pounds for the corresponding
time last year. " •'.
Sales for the week In Boston amounted to
2.135,000 pounds domestic and 155,000 pounds for
eign, making a total of 2,290.000 pounds, against
a total of 1,150,000 pounds for the corresponding
period last year.
BOSTON, May 29.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
There Is as yet I no Increase to be noted In
the amount of business^ in proKress in the wool
market. In fact, the Market has ruled quieter
the past week than during tho previous week,
and we figure the sales at only 2,290,000 pounds,
against 3.627.0CO pounds a week ago. Some of
the large mills are reported in the market, but
with only one exception, they have taken very
small quantities of wool. The trend of the
goods market Is . apparently toward an . im
provement, but the clothing trade is still buy-
Ins; goods in a conservative way. which Is re
flected In a very quiet demand for wool. Prices
continue in favor of the buyer except on fine
wools, which are pretty fairly held in view
of the strength shown in the country and the
relati\'e firmness of fine stock at the London
eales. The excitement in the West has abated.
Two of the largest dealers in the market have
bought no wools in the 'West, believing that
the prices which have been paid there are not
warranted. Not over 25,000,000 pounds of new
wools thus far thin year have been bought
out there, and conservative dealers are of the
opinion that new wools can be bought at more
favorable terms later on — at any rate, they are
willing to take their chances of securing their
wools later at as favorable terms as are now
quoted. ¦ . • .
Boston Wool Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Whrnt— • July. Pi>pt.
OpenliiK • 6 11% , 6 "".-j
Closing r. 11% & 10%
PA1UH.
Wheat— May. July-Am:.
Opening ...SO IS > SO 65
ClOHlne; 20 35 2105
l'lour— '
Opening ,.,....... SS CO 28 15
Closing 2C SO 26 45
Foreign Futures.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Eliares Closing
rtold. Stock— Bid.
M.fc.-O Atchlfcon 7g%
16.;.iO Atchison prefd »9
«.7fiO Baltimore & Ohio 104
2'fl Baltimore & Ohio prefd 94
;-00 Canadian Pacific .' 103%
U/i Canada Southern 67
8. WO Chesai^eake & Ohio 4S%
2.100 Chicaeo & Alton '. 411)4
400 Chicago & Alton prefd 791^
T'O Chicago, liurlington & Qulncy 195Vi
16.J00 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 3914,
700 Chicago. Ind ft Louisville prefd 73^4
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 124
?f>0 Chicago & Great Western 21%
I'OO Chlr-apo £-. Great Western A prefd.. 90
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 44
4C0 <!hlcago & Northwestern 19714,
2.<*0 Chicago. Rock Island & Paclflc. ...154'i
;.(W> Chlra*o Terminal & Trans 22V4
4.<«^i Chlcaco Terminal & Trans prefd... 42V4
700 C C C & St Louis 8iu
3.:oo Colorado Southern |, 15^
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 51
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 2J
*00 I>e!aware & Hudson, ex dlv... 165
Kf(Kl Delaware. lAek &¦ Western... 241
.".mo Denver & Rio Grande ' 4R14
l.'.W Denver & Rio Grande prefd '.'.'. n'l
29.100 Trie 411/
1.7IH) I'rle lot prefd.'. "" «2
CC0 Krie 2d prefd 541!
jno Great Northern prefd .\\\"'l7»
Horklng; Valley -¦- r»y
100 Horklng Valley prefd '.'."" 7?2
!.m Illinois Central 1J0
6.M0 Iowa Ontral «u
1.500 Iowa Central prefd miT
—'..... Luke Erie ft WrxCern '."" 65^
, Lake Erie & Wf stern preftf tjo
V.fiOO Ix>ul»ivllle & . Nashvlllo mK
J.i'O Manhattan Eievated US ,
S.700 Metropolitan street Railway 1«8>,4
700 Mexican Centrnl 2SV4
rt>0 Mexican National 10^J
Xs.Viifi Mltineaiiollw * St I^ouis 9*1,^
r..I»CO Mifsourl Pac'.flc jofii
«.l^0 W.fWJurl. Kansas A Texrji 2su
J.700 Missouri. Krnra* & Texas prefd.... f,gu
New .Icn>ey Ontral 1J8
S»,«>>0 New York Central 1.-.2V4
fTO Norfolk & \\>Fte.rn Cl^i
Norfolk £l Western prefd sfw
700 Northern Paciflc 143
ll.ftfio Northern Paclfle prefd 87
". Ontario it Western.'. 3314
r4,!QQ Pcnnryivanla , 144*4
KEW VORK. May M.-Ther* «u addltfonsl
activity in th» market to-day and considerable
rtrt-neth and varlfi) 1 , but the dealings were
Mill evidently In large part iirofcunlonal and
tli* polnta of strength were somewhat »e»t
i. red. It wu« noticeable, «lno, that prnfit-tak-
I'ik wan »-..)»K on In mocks which hav« r«
«*ntly advam-fd under cover ft the new point!
Ol Ktrrnkth. Thus, whllo Atchisen, Penniyl
vanin, Huuthrrn Padnc and 8muhtrn Rail*
v«>- »t<>rk« were nmvlng upward to-day, the
•|..l.m-rn nm I.k. Kim knunnnH. Wutmnii rinckn,
Mrle «n<1 Amr-rlran Car were held back, al'
thiugh much \rt* urtlve than during the time
nf their receju advance. The rtrength shown
durihK thi> day seemed »o lie largely due to
•¦perlul raUfter. but tile* favorable prORrers made
i n the London st.K-k I-JxcliniiKe settlement and
the liope that It* completion will clear th« way
jnr a growth of confidence was a favorable
Tactnr. Homethlng was made of the absence
of Northern Pacific etock from the list of col
lateral for the new Union Pacific convertible
tx>na>, as indicating a prospect of a settle
ment of the Northern Pacific dispute. This
bund issue is supposed to provide means to
l>ay for the Northern Paclflc stocks bought
tit- wfli as for the Southern Pacific, which Is
Included In the collateral. A clause In the
mortgage leaves the power unimpaired to use
the proceeds of the mortgage tor the North
ern Pacific purchases. Union Pacific stock
rhnu!d not move decisively, although It re
cnv#-rrd wll from a period of weakness, not
brlding the entire recovery. April net earn
ings were an element In the strength of a num
ber of railroad stocks and were supplemented
r>y othr-r explanation*, possibly to further a
emulative movement. Atchlson's statement
published previously was a continuing lnfluenpe.
The advance in Pennsylvania was made to ap
ix-ar in t-ynij«ithy with a revival of the old
r>imorK ot a union in retaliation for the project
r.f % \Vaba*h crunk line outlet. The halt in the
upward movement of Wabash and Lackawanna
may have been significant in the. tame con
r.ertion. Southern Pacific presented a very
Ftrong statement of net earnings and Southern
Hallway. Union Pacific and St. Louis and San
7'rancisco also made pood showing for April.
Reports were current that Union Pacific wab
rstending its holdings of Southern Pacific so
as to secure absolute control. Pacific Mail's
r>e was in sympathy with Southern Pacific.
The rise in Denver and Rio Grande was unex
plained. The unfavorable features of the Gov
ernment's weekly crop report and the unex
l*-ote<lly larRe gold exports were ignored. Gold
engagements ran up at cne time to $1,165,000.
They were later reduced to $3,500,000 to comply
wiih insurance requirements. The present
movement of rold may very probably be in
liquidation of obligations incurred a few weeks
ego.
Th»re was some Irregularity In the bond
market on a fair volume of dealings. Total
*a!es. par value. J2.775.0O0.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
Netv York Stock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market wns strong; creameries, 14ft IH'/jc;
dttlrles, Ufa lCc; cheese, firm, vii 1O';<": erica, J IV*'*.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels , S2.0CO 19.000
Wheat, bushels 143.000 235,000
Corn, bushels , ..,l,164,0OU SSi.OCU
Oats, bushels B2.000 74,000
Rye, bushels ' 9,000 8,000
Barley, buihela 15,000 1,000
¦ CaFh quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 3 spring wheat, 69©
72%c; No. 2 red. 74@73c; Xo. 2 corn,
42xM2%Ci No. 2 yellow, 42S(M2Uc; No. 2 oats,
3O03OUc: No. 2 white, 30%c; No. 3 white. 28H?"
29Vic; No. 2 rye, 52V4c: good feeding barley, 40@
46c; fair to choice malting, 50V&@52c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 72; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 72; prime
timothy seed, $2 90(33 40; mess pork, per bbl,
$14 65@14 70; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 20©S 22>i; short
ribs Rides (loose), $7 85^8 05; dry salted should
em (boxed), 6%@7c; short 'clear sides, ?s ri\k r w
8 25.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
5!<. minimum, 50; mean. S4.
WIIATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has risen rapidly over the coast
north of Cape Mendocino and conditions are
favorable for generally fair weather on Deco
tation Jay in California. Thunder storms are
rr|>orted in Utah and Arizona. The tempera
ture has risen about 10 degrees over the Sier
ra Nt-vaJas. In the great valleys of Califor
nia the temperatures are about normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
liours ending midnight. May 20. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Thursday: warmer
in the interior; "brisk northerly winds inland;.
frc:h westerly winds on tlje coast with fog
in the afternoon.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; fresh
fi::'!i*(-sl winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday; fresh westerly
¦VlttdSa
I 'tan— Cloudy, unsettled weather Thursday;
r.-armer in southern portion; fresh westerly
wind*.
Arizona — Cloudy, unsettled weather Thursday
with occasional thunder storms; warmer; fresh
couth winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
freeh westerly winds with fog In the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Stocks of Butter, Cheese and Cfrgs continue
In excess of current needs, and the feeling is
Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, OQUOcfor Gobblers
and 10®12o' for Hens; Geesa, per pair, $1 25©
160; Goslings. $1 60(^2; Ducks, • $404 60 for
old Hnrl $1 fpiiwr> fi» for 3'oung; Hens, $4@3;
young Roosters, $6 50(^7 60; old Roosters, s-|ifj>
4 B0; Fryers, $5<ft«; Broilers, $l(fJS for large and
$2 2o(T(3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 SO per dozen
for old. and $1 ii.Vfil SO for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1Q1 25;. Rabbits, $1 2B®1 60 for
Cottontail and 76cft$l for Urush. .1 -
Poultry and Game.
, Th« market for Poultry continued easy, re
ceipts thus far this 1 week having been free.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, B0c®$l 25 • per box;
Asparagus, $1 75@2 ' for large, $1 2501 SO per
box for No. 1 and 75c@$l for No. 2; Green
Peas. $101 B0 per sack; String Beans, 4@6c
for Vacaville; Cabbsge, 60@75c per ctl; Toma
toes, Mexican, $1(3>1 25 per crate; from Los
Angeles. . r .Oofj$i: Dried Peppers. 12®18c; Dry
Okra, 15c per- lb: Carrots. 25JJ33C per sack;
Marysvllle Cucumbers, SI 25(S I 1 BO per box; Gar
lic, 4©5c for new; Green Peppers. 10c per lb
for Chile and 25o for Bell; Egg Plant. 10®20o
per lb; Green Corn, 20©40o per dozen; Summer
Squash, 75c®$l per box; Bay do, $2© 2 CO
¦ . : .i
ONIONS— Australians, Jobbing, at $4@4 25;
New Red, 23@50o per sack; New Yellow, $l£2
1 25 per ctl.
¦ POTATOES— Burbankn. 60c@$l for River and
$1 25@1 60 for Oregon: Sweets, 65®76o for Mer
ccd; New Potatoes, $1 75<S>1 90 per lb In sacks
and $1 .W2 in boxes.
Vegetables were about as before. Peas were
firm. Receipts of all kinds were . somewhat
larger. Some poor Corn is coming in and sell
ing down as low at 10c per dozen.
Potatoes were quoted rather weaker again,
under larger receipts of new. Onions were also
off. -Two cars of Sweets sold at the quota
tions. . <-¦ . .
Receipts were C87 boxes Asparagus, 210 boxes
Rhubarb, SIR sacks Bay Peas and 233 sacks
String Beans.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary,' 3%fr
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2V6c; Hemp. 3%e; Timothy, 6V4c
DRIED PEAS- Niles. $2®2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ BEANS— Bayos, $2 43<S>2 60; Small White $4 80
@6; Large White, $4@4 20; Pink. $1 40@l 70;
Red, $3@3 25: Blackeye. $3 10@3 25; Llmas, $6 23
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
There is no further change to note. The
market is quiet, with a flrm tone for white
kinds.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— New, $6 50@9; old is quoted as fol
lows: Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat. $11®13; Wheat
and Oat, $9(^12 ; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8@9 50; Barley, $7 5O@9 B0 per ton.
STRAW-35@47%c per bale.
A fairly good -.car of new club wheat Hay
came in and sold at $9. Otherwise there was
nothing new In Hay. The market for Feed
etuffs continued flrm.
BRAN-$17(gilS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley, $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25<@>26; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
$27G0@28; Cracked Corn. $28 50@29; Mixed Feed.
$15@16.- . • •
FLOUn-Callfornla Family extras, $3 25©
3 CO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 lf.1/3 2.1;
Oregon, $2 60©2 7S per barrel for family and
$2 7S5/3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 73
MILLSTUKKS-rrlces in sacks are as foUowg,
tiHiinl dincount to the trade: Graham Flour,
«3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye Moid. $2 CO;
Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3: extra cream do,
$3 76; Out Groats. $4 76; Hominy, $3 7604; Duck
wheat Flour, U1H 23; Cracked Wheat, $3 BO;
Farina. U 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 !5; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $3 35@7 85; In sacks, Wtil SO;
Pearl Barley. $C; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$6 60 per 100 lbs. -
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Flour and Millstuffs.
, Informal NPimlon— 9:15 o'clock— December— 6000
ctls., 70i,fco
Httcond session— No tales.
Regular nmrnlng seRalon— No salqs.
Aftwrnoon sp**lon— No sales.
OATH— Tho Hltuatlnn phowii no chnngA,
WhltP. U37tt<01GB; Surprldo, nominal; Hod,
$1 S6ffli 4Si liliii'U. |l \V,:/<ii SO per Ctl,
UOilN— Prli'fn nro higher. Htoeks ere small.
Knittll round Vnliow. $1 60; Knstarn Yellow,
$1 .wo :i:"ai win it.. $i ;i;i<|j mlx«>il, $1 30.
ItVl'J-Wcnk nnd lowtr nt. 77Vi<U«>'V&u per ctl.
jii:ck\viii:at-u i|ii.it...i at »i us per ctl, «x<
warihouie.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
14.000 ctls, $1 C4. ,
Second session— December^- 2000 ctls., $1 O3T4;
2000. $1 04.
Regular morning session— December— 4000
ctls.. $1 C3%.
Afternoon session— December— 16,000 ctla.,
$1 03%.
BARLEY— The first car of new Barley came
in from P. Fabian & Co., Tracy, and sold at
75%c. It was a fine looking lot, bright and
cl»an. The market shows little change,
Feed, 7Jo for No. 1 and 70<3>72V4a for off
Ki-udi-w; Urewlnir nnd Shipping grades, SOfiSSc;
Chevalier, nominal.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97>4c; milling, $1©
1 OL'Ms per ctl..
Later qn in the session there was a reaction
on heavy selling by Armour, and realizing by
other longs, , predictions of . showers in the
Northwest, and to-day's holiday.
The local , market was very steady, with a
fractional improvement in futures.
The Produce Kxehance will not be In session
to-day.
WHEAT— Chicago opened flrm on increasing
complaints of Hessian fly and dry weather.
Buying, however, was largely professional. A
Topeka house wired that all rei>orts coming
in .front Kansas were bad and thut the situ
ation wus growing serious. ¦ \
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $J S6
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89%
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Kxchange, sight — 12V4
New York Kxchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 43'/4 @ W
Exchange and Bullion.
* . — _ #
The American Maru took out a treasure list
of $36,460, consisting of $3C0 in gold coin, $92,800
in Silver Bullion and $3360 In Mexican Dollars.
LOCAL MARKETS.
WHEAT— Receipts. 192,850 bushels; exports,
133.289 bushels. Bales, 2,755,000 bushels; fu
lu I eB '«i 0<0< ? bu « h «" lB "Pot. Spot, easy; No 2
red, 82%c f. o. b. afloat; N6. 2 red. 78%o ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 84Tic f 0 b
• float; /Jo. 1 haid Duluth. 9l%c f. o b'
* t U ,,, "'"J 0 "" h » d a, strong active forenoon
°" bullish home crop news higher continental
cables, covering and freedom from offerings.
But a subsjqumt rumor of rain In the North
wfft caused heavy Unloading, which foroko the
lot* market, w that the close was ra"y u He
advance on May and unchanged otherwise
May.. RlU«J«>i,c; closed, 81 He; July ¦ 79 R lSffl
Clot C Ja C 7U%c' 79V4C: S ? t ""be C rV 76K y ®77 9 13 S :i6^
HOP'8-Quiet:
. HIDES-Rteady.
WOOL— Quiet. • ' \
COFFER— Spot Rio,' dull; No. 7 Invoice
7 6-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8*®12%c? Fu-
NEW TORK, Msy •».— FLOUR— Receipts.
27.933 barrels; exports. 12,169 barrels/* Quiet
and barely steady.
*— — — ~ . — _*
¦New York Grain and Produce:
WASHINGTON. May. M.-To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. JlCl.M7.fflS: gold, $92,823,024.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK, May 29.— Close— Money on call,
steady at 2%®3V4 per cent. Last loan, 3 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@4V4 Per cent.
Sterling exchange, flrm, with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4 8SVi@4 8S% for demand ami
$4 S55J4 85% for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 SDVi
64 89; commercial bills, $4 S4>4©4 84%. Silver
certificates, nominally 60c. Bar silver, 59V4c
Mexican dollars, 48c. , Government bonds.
steady: State bonds. Inactive; railroad bondb,
regular.
Nezv York Money Market.
LONDON. May 23.— Atchlson, ' 81: Canadian
Paclflc. 105; Union Pacific preferred. 90H;
Northern Pacific preferred, 102Vj: Grand Trunk,
11 VI; Anaconda, 10. Bar sliver, 6teady, 27V£d.
Money, 2V4@3 "per cent. .
CLOSING.
NEW TORK. May 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram:
"The stock market was idle but firm to-day,
except for consols, the new.' issue of which is
at a quarter of a pound discount.- There were
evidences of a reviving- interest, In American
shares, ' which were dealt In more freely than
for some time.- The were bought
steadily, particularly Atchlson and Erie. The
closing was strong. The 'feature was one bid
for 5000 shares of Southern Paclflc. This was
regarded as a significant sign, since no one had
bid. for .more, than a. thousand . ehare lot. for
three weeks past.
London Market.
Adams Con :.. 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 41 Ontario 8 00
Breec* 1 S3 Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con 15 Phoenix 11
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va 2 20 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra.... 05 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 20 Small Hooes 45
Iron Silver 1 33 Standard 3 75
Leadvllle Con 'J5
MINING STOCKS.
U B ref 2* r*g IW14 N Y Cent l«ts 10S
U H r«f 2s fiiii|i...ioi;ij N J Cent gen Es. ..182
t; R 3s roc l"!i N ravine 3« 7l's
U H 3» coup 109 N Pacific 4s 10S
V K new U reg....l3t>U N V c ft H L 4«.1O7
IT H ntw 4* eoup..mtt N & W con 4m 101*4
i; 8 old 4s reg IT."', Or Nav l.ts 109
I' 8 Old 4s ri)U|>...113'» Or Nav 4p 1A4V'j
IT H r.n reg \os% Or Rhort'Llne 6n...i:7%
U8G1 coup Kis; 4 Or H Line con in., 116V*
Dlst of Col 3.ims...i::. ReodltiK Gen 4«.... iHiU
Atchlson sen 4k.... ms',; It U \V Juts' loo%
Atchlson adj 4s.... US 8 L & I M con Ss.llgifc
Canada Ho 2dn 107% M L St fl K ffen 68.134
Ches tt Ohio 4Vi*..U".'i Ht Paul conn 183
Ches A Ohio 6s. ...119 8 P C & P istn....iisi,4
C & NW con 7s.. .142 ,SPCtP (1 119.
C fc NWSFdeb ts.1714 Bo Paclflc 4s M>4
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 9&U So Railway 5s 118
Colo Southern 4s... &x Stand R & T 6s.... 63
I) A- It O 4s 102*4 Tex & Pac lsts....H9
Erie gen 4s 88% Tex A Pac 2ds »»
F W & D C lsts..lW% Union Paclflc 4s.. ..105%
Gen Electric 8s....HT.H Wabash lsts U7V4
Iowa Central lsts. 117'; V.'abash Urn 110U
L & N Unl 4s 103 West Shore 4s 113V4
M K «c T 2ds 82 IWIs Cent lsts S9T4
M K & T 4s 98% Va Centuries 95
CI/O8JNO nONDfl.
12.C00 Reading 42T4
4.6(0 Iteadlng l«t .prefd "6V*
1.400 Reading 2d prefd., 63%
700 M Louis & San Francisco 4o'«
200 s-'t Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 83%
4C0 St Loulu & San Fran Sd prefd 68*4
100 St Louis Southwestern 33
400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 63
14,200 St Paul .• 160%
St Paul prefd 183
73,100 Southern Pacific C2Vi
4S.20O Southern Railway 30i,4
16,100 Southern Railway prefd 84U
3,300 Texas & Pacific 46V4
300 Toledo, St Louis & Western 21^
200 Toledo, Kt Louis & West prefd 80%
89.200 Union PaeMc 1037,
2.1W) Union PaclHc prefd 89.
21.400 Wabash '. 24>,i
20,400 WabaBh prefd 43«;
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 17Vj
2C0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 31
SCO Wisconsin Central 20
Wisconsin Central prefd 44
PGCfi St Louis..... 74.
Express companies—
100 Adams. 175
American 1«3
United States 81
Weils-Fargo .; 140
Miscellaneous—
24.C00 Amalgamated Copper 116%
9.600 American Car & Foundry 27%
2,700 American Car & Foundry prefd 82
I 400 American Linseed Oil 174
800 American Linseed Oil prefd 46
American Smelting & Refln 55%
American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 9G>4
T6.100 American Tobacco 135 ',4
4.300 Anaconda Mining Co 43>-«
S.COO Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76}«
£C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 94',i
C.100 Consolidated Gas 220%
1S.300 Continental Tobacco prefd llo' 2
3.300 General" Electric 22S(4
MO Glucose Sugar 5S
Z00 Hocking Coal 18
SCO International Paper 23Vi
700 International Paper prefd 7S!£
600 International Power 97V»
Laclede Gas M--.
400 Xational Biscuit 45
National Lead 184 '
National Salt 44>/ 4
100 National Salt prefd 76
500 North American 8S%
Pacific Coast 00
1.000 Pacific Mail 37%
9.400 People's Gas lli>»
1,000 Preseed Steel Car 45%
800 Presred Steel Car prefd S5^ §
Pullman Palace Car 2C5
600 Republic Steel lS',i
600 Republic Steel prefd 73?i
9,400 Sugar , 146^,
1,900 Tennessee Coal & Iron ,. u'%
600 Union Hng & Paper Co 12%
COO Union Hag & Paper Co prefd ~n l i
S.frX) 1'nlted £t«te« Leather .... lfTb
1,200 United Htutes Leather prefd 79
200 United States Rubber 2o',i
- United Btaten Rubber prefd CIVj
K.700 United statr* Ktetl «.'¦'»
3.200 United State* 8t<-el prefd 91%
3,S»o Western Union J:
is^000~8h8rei Mid.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
ffason. and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
BAN FRANCISCO. May 29—5 p. m
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
To-fiay being Memorial day and a legal hol
iday, business will oc suspended throughout
the couutry.
To-day a Holiday.
Articles — Ofcen. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 74Vi 75 .' 74 ! 74
July .-.. 73T4 "4V4 73% 73%
Corn No. 2 —
May : 43% 43«,J 44»'» 43-?i
July 41Vi 44% 44V4 44^
Oats No. 2— ¦ . ' .
May SOU 3114 ' SOU 31
July 2S% , .28% 2iV4 28»4
September 26% 26% 26U 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 14 70 14 70 14 67Vi 14 C7V4
July' 14 67V4 14 70 14 Co 14 «>,
September ..14 75 14 77«4 14 73 14 75
Lard, rier 100 pounds— ' ¦ '
May ....8 20 8 22^ 8 20 S 2?>i
July Jirii' 8 22>,i 8 17ii 8 -JO
September 8 20 8 23 8 17Vi 8 l'2'i
Short-Kibs, per 100 pounds— .
May 7 S3 7 93 • 7 90 7 90
July 7 W) 7 90 ¦¦¦ 7 87Vb 7 90
September 7 S7V& 7 90 7 83 7 87VS
CHICAGO. May 29.— The higher cables from
Liverpool, which market had been closed for
a holiday since Friday, were supplemented by
reports • of continued dry weather In West,
Southwest and Northwest, and these condi
tions, coupled with rumored damage by fly,
stimulated a strong demand at tho opening.
The initial price of the July delivery of wheat
was a shade to Vic higher at 74Q7 1'ic. Un
der the execution of numerous outside orders
the market advanced steadily to 7-»V4c. A good
part . of the trading was said to be for the
export account. Reports of heavy rains In
the Dakotas caused a decline ...to 73%c. , Some
fof-mer sellers then became buyers and a rally
to 73%@74c followed, but this was only the
forerunner of another decline resulting from
a desire on the part of tho various -traders
to even up for over to-morrow's holiday. Th«
close was heavy, >ic lower at 73 : !4@T3%c.
The corn market was firm and moderately
active. July opened higher on improved ca
bles and light receipts, but recovered under a
good demand by professionals. The close was
firm, %c higher at 44%c.
The oats market was steady, though trade
was not so active as yesterday. July closed
unchanged at -Mstfi "S%c.
Provisions were firm in sympathy with high
er hogs. Trade was moderate. July pork and
lard closed 5c higher and ribs unchanged.
The trading futures ranged us follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
J. B. Levlson (owner) with Adam" Berk (con
tractor), architect Julius E. Krafft—Excava
tions, grading, brick, granite. . concrete an>t
artindal stone work for a two-ntory bu«emrnt
and attic residence onN hne of Pacific a\-e
nue. 1O3:1H E of Stelner. E Bl:2ti X I27:S'i.
W 16:9%. \V 34:4H. S 137:«; $"13.-,
Sam* owner with C. Chlaholm (contractor^
architect same— Carpenter and mill work, roof
ing and galvanized Iron work, glass, hurdwar*.
steel and' Iron work, lathing and piasteria*
for same on same; {15,37?
Marl* C. de Laveaga (owner) with Bernard
Preyer (contractor), architect* Shea A Shea-
Carpenter, mill and metal work, plastering,
glass, etc.. for alterations to a nve-story frame
building known a* Falrmount Hotel, it. Junc
tion of Fell, Polk and Mnrket streets; |i!),ooo.
Same owner with Allen & Looney (contrac
tors);-architects same— Sewering, plumbing, ga*
piping, etc., for name on same; $6600. ¦<
.Same owner with J. O. Orannla & Co. (con
tractors), architects same— Steam heating plant
for same on same; $1319.
Ham* owner with J. J. Cooney (contractor),
architects same— Pointing, graining-, natural
wood nnUhtnsr. papering and tinting for s«m«
on same; $3900.
C. F. A. Langermann (owner) with Frank
Lindsay (contractor), arcliuwt «Jh«w.^* . „.. -
All work except plumbing for a two-story ami
rough basemont frame building on S line of
Turk street. 138:9 W of 8tclncr. W 22:8 by S
137:6: $3212.
Builders' Contracts.
Catherine Semerla to Henry. Joseph P. and
Clara Semeria and Ernestine Genesy. lot on W
line of Eighth street. 100 S of University ave
nue. W 87. 8 to the point of Intersection of a
line drawn parallel with University avenue for
a distance of 97 W from a point on W line of
Eighth street. ! which Is distant 120 S from S
line of University avenue, thence E 97, N 50
to beginning, block 97. tract B. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association. Berkeley;
also lot on 8 corner of East Fourteenth street
and Nineteenth avenue, SE 73 by NE HO. block
21. San Antonio, East Oakland: also lot on E
line of Ninth street. 100 S of University avenue.
8 50 by E 130. block 99. tract P.. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association. Berkeley;
also lot 3. Draper Tract, Oakland; gift.
Realty Syndicate (corporation^ to William
Boyes. lot 11. block F, Stanford Tract. Oak
land: $1CCO.
William Boyes to Roosevelt Johnson. 1 same,
Oakland; ?icoo.
Donald and Annie McKechni* to Annie Me-
Kechnle. lot on E line of Market street. 101 :7H
S of Fourth street. E 103:1. S 25. W 98:6^4. N 23
to beginning, block 100. Oakland: $10.
James V. and Melvln G. Jeffresa to Eugene
A. Trefethen. lot on SW line of Noble street.
165 SE of Nutley avenue. SE 23 by SW 10S.
lot 49. on map of subdivision lota 54 to oT. 63
to 68. same. Brooklyn Township: $10CO.
Pierre and Josephine Somps to Jean S#rres.
lot on NE corner of Clement avenue and Oak
street. E 25 by N 143, lot P, block 43. on map
of T. A. Smith's Resubdlvlsion, portion of Mln
turn Tract, Alameda; $2000. ,
George K. and Bessie SI. Holloway to Anna
C. Kachleim (wife of Robert R). lot on 3
line of- Woolsey street. 40 K of Whitney. E
40 by S 100, lot 7. Map of Berkeley Park, sub
ject to a mortgage for $1200. Berkeley; $600.
Ada S. Trefethen to John F. Myers, all in
terest in lots 43 and 43. Klngsland Tract, being
a subdivision of lots 51 to 57. 63 to dS. Kings
land Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Eugene A. Trefethen to same, all Interest in
same, Brooklyn Township; $125.
San Francisco Savings Union to Almira
Chcesman. lot 27. block 11. Amended Map Cen
tral Park, Alcatraz and Newbury Stations,
Berkeley; $400,
William C. and Ida Mason to Rod W. Church,
all interest In lot on NW corner of Delaware
and Hamilton streets. W 360 by N 133:4^. lota
8 to 10, block 2. State University Homestead
Association No. S. Berkeley: $2000.
Rod W. and Mattle Church to Mae E. Hardy,
all Interest in same. Berkeley; $2500.
Mary A. Ayres to W. C. Mason, lots 8 to 10,
block 2. same. Berkeley: $1500. ;
George and Albert Dabb to Charles C. Babn.
nil interest In the E half of lot S3. In plat 3*.
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township;
|10.
J. H. and Emma H«lwlg to Wallace "W. He1»
wig. lots 6, 7, 9 and 10. block 73. Tract n.
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation. Berkeley; ISOO.
Alfred K. and Julia Legal to Fran« X. and
Maria Schmltt. all Interest In lot on E line
of Sixth street. 125 8 of Holyoke. S 101:3 by E
ISO. block E. Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley: $1500.
Jam't L, d« Fremery to Oakland Harbor D-«
VDlopment Company, parcel of land bounded on
th* N by th* track and right of way of C-ntrat
Pncino Railroad Company west dlvlnlon, S and
BW by »hln channel, NW by center lln* oC
Fifth avenuo extended In a ttralfht line to
ship channel and HK by center line of Ninth
avenue extended In a straight lin* to ship
channel.. Cast Oakland: $$2.0CO.
Lillian E. and Arthur H. Holgate to J. D.
Pasmore, one acre on S line of Tyler street
(now called Webster), 630.23 W from the point
of intersection of S line of Tyler (or Webster)
street with NW line of Claremont avenue.
thence W 143.74, SE 302.31. E 143.7S. NW 3U3. 14
to beginning, being a portion of plat 75, Rancho
V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley; $3000.
Carl and Franzlska Metze to Edward Reln
hardt. lot on W line of Tenth street, 163 N of
Grayson. N 38.42. W 130.20. S 20.12. E 130 to
beginning, being block 162, Grayson Tract,
Berkeley; 1500.
John and Florence Gale to J. H. Breed, lot
on W Una of Broadway, 73 S of Chester strest,
8 10 by W 140:2. block 3. Chester Tract. AU
meda; $300. ¦' :.-
Ludovina Ivey to Helen E. Wilson (wlfa of
David R). lot 14, map of the Alden Tract, Oak
land; I50C0.
Minerva J. Sweeney to Edward and Kllia
b«th d'Askqulth. lots 13 to 14, block X Para*
dine Park. Oakland; $300.
•Polly M. Curnham (widow) to Le» C. Burn
hnm, lot on NE corner of Alice and B«cnn<t
streets. B 75 by N 100, being lots t tn 4, block
44, Kellersbergtr't map, Oakland; 11000.
CUra Wundnch to Jo«eph Wundsch. lot on
N lln* of Third str««t. 100 B of W«b»t«r. B in
by N 100. being lots 2« and 27, block 33. nirw;
lift. ' '
Holomon and F. J. Baumgart*n and P.. n.
Mayn (by W. 8. Ilarlow, commissioner) to K.
H. Thorn*. lot on N line of Third *tr**t, 73
W of Castro. W 25 by N 10O. lot 23. block 2.%
same; also lot on 8 line of Fourth street. 123
E of Waahtngton. H 23 by S 100^ bcln* lot 11.
block 80, tame: lilt.
Clarissa F. Hamilton to William H. Smyth,
lots B to 11. block A. Batchelder Tract, Berke
ley: $6500. -
II. M. Sanborn to F. B. Ogden (executor estats
Elizabeth JU Hutchlncon), all Interest in four
acres beginning at a point in center of Pleas
ant Valley avenue, 713:3 S from point of In
tersection of center line of Pleasant Valley
avenue with NB boundary line of plat 23.
Rancho V. and D. Peralta. thence SW 300. sn
654.51. NE 212.89, NW 725.31 to beginning, being
a portion of Pleasant Valley Tract, Oakland;
grant.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Janet Clark 'widow), the SE half of lot 33-A.
In plat 12. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland
Township; $57.
A. Mecartney to E. A. Robbing, lots 9 to IX
on map of the Kelley Tract, portion of Wat
son 100 acres, quitclaim deed. Ea*t Oakland; $3.
Alameda County.
Maurice Ballln to John C. Anderson, lot on
NW corner of Harvard and Fel'ton streets. N
100 by W 120. block 144. University Extension
Homestead; $500.
• Frank X. Llntner to California Firework*
Company of San Francisco, Ltd.. lot on NE
line of Sixteenth avenue south. 275 NW of 1C
street. NW 23 by NE 100. block 309. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; 1500.
James J., William M.. Agnes F. and Teresa
B. Cooney and Mary E. Ebner to Catherine
Cooney. all Interest in the estate. of Michael
Cooney, deceased; gift.
R. T. Brodek to Sara Brodek. lot on NB
corner of T street and Sixteenth avenue. E 253.
N 101:2. W 233:2. S 115:4; also undivided one
half of lot at Intersection of SE Una of Mar
ket street and W lino of Sanchez, SW 83:4.
SE 97:6. N 128:3; JM0. - '
HIb«rnl* Having* and Loan Hnclety to Henry
Young, lot on 8 lino of Ja-U*on nro>*t. 137 ;«
W eM»an*»m#. W r.i by a U1M-. lt2.0.».
Josephine H. and D, It. Wilder to B«rnnr»
fllno and Christina Ulampaoli, lot on E Hni
2f M "i? n ¦ tr « p *. «:« ti of Vallejo, N 20 by B
Mary II. and Joseph Eaatwood to August
and Agnes Kromrey, lot on W Una of Rho.1*
H'by W %•' Soo. Ot Twent y- flftn * Vo «»). N
Emma Iluber to Mary C. Sutliffe (wlf« of
E C.). lot on NW corner of Lak« street and
Eighth avenue. W J3:8 by N 71; H0O0
David Saunderson to Hcnnerlena E. Kiel
(wife of J. C.B.). lot on 8E corner of Cl-m
*"¦ row** * n Elevcntn *venue, S 100 by B
J. E. B. Kiel to Hennertena E. Kiel, same;
John P. Curley to John Curley. lot on 8
line of I street, i7:« E of Eighth avenue. E 23
by S ICO; 11000.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Hanna Nolte lot
on NE corner of J street and Forty-ninth ave
nue, E 32:9 by N 100; |1000.
¦ Lizzie K. Mansfield (Osgood) (wife of Dud
ley) to Llsette Jellison, lot on SE corner of
N street and Forty-fourth avenue. E 25 by 3
1O, to correct 1574 D. 58; $10.
Llsette Jellison to Margaret F. Moss (wlfs
of J. Mora), eame; $10.
lot en H lino of Battery atr»*t, tl:s N ef Jack.
•on. N 43:io by a 137:*: ItO.ofti
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat firm, with a small improvement in futures. ,
First car of new crop Barley arrived.
Oats firm and dull. Some changes in Corn and Rye.
Hay and Feedstuff s sell wcH at former quotations.
Nothing new in Beans and. Seeds.
Potatoes in better receipt and weaker. Onions easy.
Receipts of Vegetables somewhat larger.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still weak and plentiful.
Fresh Fruits show little change.
Three cars' of Oranges sold at auction.
No change in Dried Fruit.
Provisions dull at unchanged prices.
Meat quotations as before. ¦
Grain Bags continue to rise under good crop prospects.
To-day, a holiday.
Shipment of $96,460 to China.
NEW YORK, Mfty 8P,— Thfl lnnrHet for *>vap
erutcd npplrri, floloe from n little Ht*<»i1lnei*n
'»wln« ift light rt^nifl nrt for phnlee nnrt fftney
poodp, wri« n rjulnt on», nnti prlc«>M ruled shout
e« lfiiif quoted. Htnt« primmon, 3@4Vio: prlm^,
4 i ,iO4*« > i eholec, fiifrfi^n, art<1 f«np>% flf/fl'/it*.
fttllfornla <1rlfri frultn ruled Inaetlv?,
I'lMIN'HM— r.!i©"« pn- |li ns In plzr, and quftl
¦ APItJCOTB-ltoyal, ?Vfi^l2c; Moorpnrk, 8U
I'KACHrtS-IVTinr!, 12tit?3nr: unpeelcd, D\J
®10(!.
DRIED KUUITH
lures c|rt*fd nnny m prtcos net B^IO rnliils
"* f \ TotHl M.I.-H, 12,000 iiHKh, inoludlnB!
.ruly, B,40o; Heplc-mher, 6,6.'ipj October, &,H0o!
nfff-mh^r, fi,7f.ififi,iifti>,
Ht'OATt-gul^i! fair rf-finlnff,- »H«i eflntrlfu
gal, 06' test, 4 ft.32oj mols^POK sugnr, S\in. »'»•
IHiTT15n-np/'P|pi(i, W4J nnpk«B p 8; flrm.
Creamery , JfiiRifle; fM^tory, \WWke,
noflH^n»ppi|HN, nsa pHckn^o, wontfrn un.
ffraiJcil,. J|(&i2viej W««Btfrn np|pei««i1 n 13©13H'',
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
', WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s ll%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s ftd;
No. 1 California, 6s l%d. Futures, quiet; July,
5s ll%d; September. 6s 10%d. ' .
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed new,
4s Ud; do old nominal. Futures, steady; July,
3s HUd; September, 3s HHd. j ' .
# ; i *
IiONDON, May 29.— Consols. 93%; silver, 27tfd;
French rentes, lOf 22%c; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 29a 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 8d;
KngllBh country markets, quiet and steady;
wheat and flour on parsage to United Kingdom,
3,330,COO ctls; wheat and flour on passage to
Continent. 1,900.000 ctls, Indian shipments of
wheat toiUnlted Kingdom, 7000 ctls.
LIVERPOOL, May- 29.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, quiet; weather in
England, fair and cloudy.
COTTON-Uplands,' 4d 11-32.
' CLOSING.
TACOMA, May 2!>.— Wheat-Unchanged; Club,
C&Vio; Bluostem, 61V4c. .
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
• ' • OnEClON.
.PORTLAND, May 29,-Whpat-Walla Walla,
Mi7*)cs OlupstPm. fl2e.
Clpa^d-nai-k Thlrlmere, for Antwerp, with
63,426 bushels wheut.
Northern Wheat Market.
VonTrMND, Or,, May S9,-Cl«8rlngg, 1298,.
676; balance*, U-i.fiJw. *
Portland's Business.
Chicago Livestock Market. '
'CHICAGO, May 29.— CATTLE-Recelpts, 20,.
W0, Choice, steady, others weak, Good to
prime steers, fii 8iVi?6; poor tr> medium, 14 850
(J 2«; ptnokers urnl feedem, *3 25*5: cows, $3 OMjp
i-krl lfer ."' mf ' r> j manner*, *1 SWJ03 BO; bulls,
f»W4 40; «nlvftN,-»4f(fl 25; Texas, fed steers, H 2.»
<?*/A hulls,- |3 75($3 !•'»,
Jioun-Heceipia tfedsy, "4,000; to-morrow,
flo,tt)«; iflfi nver, 40(i0, OpenHd utrnng to Bo
hlHh«r, (.Inepri eany, top, |R 05. Mixed and
bMlnhfiM, if, C,6tf/n W; nnnd to rhnlee hanvy, |5 7«
f"J>»[ romrh liPdvy, #5 MOB 70; llglit, <S 80©
2 hi'i }?!}Y, "L '" i"" 1 . w "we 8 «m ¦ ,
rylKKl^nnqelntd. )5,iKin, Nhe«p nnd lsml)«
n i/;it nle H (iy, fj|, orn )arn b« up to 15 IB! Komi to
t'hn c« weihers, §4 noiSA 40i fair to nholce mlxsd,
14 I'ifo4 go; WfeiPin *hp«-p, 14 2.W4 60] native
iHinhH, U'tH (jo; Wfdtprn lurntm. M «0®5 80.
elgn account; closed steady, with' prices net
Wi points higher. >
"WEDNESDAY, May 29—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 03 04
Alta — 02 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher OS 09 Mexican 17 19
Best & Belcher'. 20 21 Occidental ..... 03 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophlr 93 94
Caledonia'. 46 48 Overman ........ 11- 12
Challenge Con. 13 14 Potosi 03 03
Chollar OS . 06 Savage 10 11
Confidence 54 66 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 35 2 40 Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... — .01 Sierra Nevada. 13 . 14
Con New York. — 01 Sliver Hill 30 33
Crown Polnt...> 08 C8 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con ... 06 — Standard 3 80 3 90
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 06 —
Gould & Curry 08 09 Union Con 19 21
Hale & Norc... 20 2S Utah 04 05
Julia — C3)7ellow Jacket.. 13 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The' following were the sales in ths Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 21 M0 Ophlr 95
400 Challenge Con. 13 300 Overman It
BOO Chollar 05 500 Sierra Nevada.. 13
300 Con Cal & Va..2 35 400 Utah 05
600 Con Cal & Va..2 40
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 21 100 Mexican „ ' IS
300 Caledonia ...... 43 100 Ophlr 94
100 Con Cal & Va.,.2 40 1S00 Savage 11
100 Mexican ..: 17 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
The following were the gales In the Ban
Francisco Stock and Exchange Doard yester
day:
Morning Session.
600 Andes ..' 05 1000 Ophtr 95
100 Caledonia 47 200 Potosi 02
100 Challenge 13 200 Savage .'..; II
200 Con Cal & Va.. 2 40 200 Sierra Nevada. 13
600 Mexican 16 200 Union Con 19
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 03 300 Ophlr 95
200 Caledonia 46 200 Overman 11
800 Con Cal & Va..2 40 500 Potosi 03
200 Gould & Curry 08 100 Utah 05
600 Mexican IS
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Cala-Standard 80
SCO Independence ....." 14
60 Kern .6 eo
ECO Lion • 14
CO Occidental of W Va IS
eo Occidental of W Va 65
CO Occidental of W Va B7
5 Peerless 7 50
20 Peerless ., 7 75
100 Reed Crude ., 4S
1100 Reed Crude >.'.. 47
f.0 Sovereign, cash 34
2C0 .Stprllnpr A ' 1 55
Street— • •
SCO Munta Crlsto *.. I 23
Afternoon Beislon.
Board—
BOO Cala-Btandard 2*
700 H«nford-Fresno-Ktrn Rlvtr o«
25 Home y. .......... 3 25
ieso Lion, ti eo it
600 Monarch of Arizona, ¦CO.... 40
60 Peerl*M, b 90 1 B0
60 Peerless 100
ECO Pttroleum Center "i
J00 Hoverelgn ..... W
100 West Hhore, * 30 S 30
BAN FIUNC?I8CO_OIL EXCHANGE.
. Morning Session.
Board—
1000 Im1*>pendenc9 • It
1000 Lion It
40no Petroleum Center 03
123 Sterling ISO
Afternoon Session. •
Board—
BOO Cala-Standard 32
3 Hanford S2 00
2000 Petroleum Center OS
MINING STOCKS.
20 Hutchlnson S P Co, s 90 19 CO .
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 19 00
30 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co IS 00
30 Oceanic Steamship Co 45 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 26 00
100 Pacific Coast Borax 160 00
$CCOO 8 P Branch Ry.6s bonds 135 00
15 Spring Valley Water 86 75
. 35 Spring Valley Water 86 RO
. 15 Spring Valley Water «C 62tf
$1010 Kin Ins Valley 4s bonds (2d mtg-e)..103 73
Afternoon Session.
Board—
• 15 Alaska Packers' Association 127 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association ...126 50
DO Equitable Gas 3 25
25 Honokaa Co 21 SO
f0 Hutchlnson S P Co 19 12V4
30 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 18 00
$2000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 102 75
300 Paauhau S P Co 26 00
10 Pacific Coast Borax? 162 IX)
20 8 F Gas & Electric Co 88 00
100 Spring Valley Water 86 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, May J»-3 p. m.
UNITED CTATES BONDS. ' ' ';
Hld.Ask, lM '^:
4« n»«r coup, .mum 4s or cp (new).W»l4i»'.»
4m qunr rpff.,..ii3« a iu a* <iuar roup..l09 IW
MIBCKUUANKOVH IIONPS.
n«y Co p p Enioiu „ Oeennlo — —
rf'»7.st fis ,H7W— Omnibus n <».1J« —
CC Water ta.lB9UU() I'bq (» Imp 4». - -
1*1 I* A I 1 fl»..13»V»i33Vi Pk A C II flm.iOS ~
Ver A V\ II «fl.n7 - |'k a O U fls. .117 -
0>ary-nt 6*,.., = — I»owll-Bt H «».12» —
11 K- <! ri .'.'an.imni . Hae H 0 It t,*. - 100
. I>o Be lfti 10JV4 H V A HJV Cn.ilQft -
J«o» Ang n Bh. 112?i — Mlerm Cal «». — 110
LA Llglu flu. — 103 H t' «f A «H
Do entil ««,, — im ii:hi!»( ,,,.....113 —
Da Kntrl fis..|iio _ ( |,iiii) ....,..,114 lMVi
U* Pne S«.103t,4104 H 1» ef 0 «»
Do 1 o m Bs.102% — (1MB) sor A.l«« —
Markst-it C9n, — 127J4 O(>«6). »er U.107U —
Uo 1 omfts. 12214 - <W«) - ll»
Nov (Jo n 7#,. - U%% (19W) - 123
N«r 11 cm 6».. - )I4H 8 i» ef Cal 1st
no 6» U8mi9U fp «ntd tt 8*. 105 —
Nor Pfio C 6jt.,10O — » V tir Cal ««. ISA —
Do Bb — 109 H V Water 6«. 113 111U
Nor n Cnl t»> — 114U Do 4n iitl%\M
Osk «ai 6s. ...113 — Do 4s, 3d m.l02V«103
Ho Trail fls..llfi'4ii7l4 Stktn Gas fls. .100 —
Do Wat Kb. ..101 — |
* v , WATEIl STOCKS,
Contra Costa.. 81 83 I Spring Valley. KM —
Marin County. 62% — | <
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 3 — Pacific Lt .... 46% —
Equitable..... 3t4 — Sacramento...— —
Mutual *W~r-\ S F O & E.... 37! j 37%
Oakland 50 — ¦ Ban Francisco. 4 4V«
Pacific Imp .. 34 34% Stockton — —
¦ INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 235 245 | .' •
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 81 L P & A 147 —
California ....4084410 Mer Ex (Hq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..l07}V— ' S P National.. 120 —
First Nat ....309fc —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1900 — iSav & Loan.. — —
Humboldt — — ISccurity 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.. 1430 —
San Francisco. 515 .. — ¦
. STREET RAILROADS.
California .:...125 135 O S L & H.... 40 —
(ieary .* — 4) Presidio — 30
Market 70 70%
POWDER.
Giant 77 77U) Vtgorlt 3 3H
SUGAR,
liana 7\i 8 ,Kllauea 18. IStt
Hawaiian ..... 50 — • Makaweli .... 88% Zi
Honokaa 21% — Onomea 20 22%
Hutchlnson ... 19 — iPaauhau ...... 26 27
. MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. .126 — Oceanic S S... 45 —
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Aux F Al 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax. 162 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint .... 16 —
Mornlnr Session.
Beard—
CO Equitable Gas 3 25
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... 50 00
2.". Honokaa Co 2150
change, but the only eltangt worthy of noto
was a further advanco In • Paclfio Borax to
$162. The sugar- stocks sold fairly.
There was nothing new In tho oil stpeks.
Pacific Coast Borax was ex-dlvtdend of $1
yesterday.
Th« exchanges will not be In session, to-day.
STOCK AND ~B0ND EXCHANGE.
. OREGON
Potatoes, sks .... .118 '.•'.(.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MAY 23,
Flour, qr sks.... 0,443 Broom Corn, bdls 21S
Wheat, ctls G70 Chicory, bbls „ . is
Barley, ctls 14.280 Quicksilver, fisks . 2«
Oats, ctls 270 Sugar, ctls ....." 8 33"
Beans, sks 2,401 Tallow, ctls ?5
Corn, ctls 1B0 Leather, rolls... 100
Potatoe*. ski * ... 2.200 Wine, gain ...... 28 150
Onions, sks " 652 Wool, bales ... . 494
Bran, sks » 1,175 Lime, bbls .... 273
Middlings, sks ,. -425 HldeK, No ok
Hay,, tons ....... 810 Pelts, bd"l« - 8
Receipts of Produce.
OILS— California' Castor Oil, In cases. No 1
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, belied'
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 6c more; Lard Oil extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases,' 85c- China
Nut, 63(S>63o per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil
barrels, 65c;- cases, • 70c;. , Sperm, pure '8Sc ;
Whale Oil, natural white, 37V4@42V4o per ral
lon; FUh Oil, in barrels. Socj^ases! 40c
COAL OIL-Water White Coal Oil, In bulk
12V4c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 18%c; Astral, "sue"
Star, 18%c: Ejttra Star, 22Hc; Elaine. 23V4c;'
Eocene. 20Hc; deodorized stove Gasoline Jil
bulk, 15c; In cases, 21c; Benzine,' In bulk ¦' Me
la cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk' 20c :
in cases, 2Sc. . •
TURPENTINE-55C per gallon In 'cases and
49c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags-
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c; Dry Granulated, B.75c; Confec
tioners' A, R.75c: Fruit Granulated, 5.75c- Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C 6 15c
barrels. 10c more; haJf-barrels. 25c more;'b.ix<>8:
60c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for leso than 75 .barrels or its enulvalent
Domlnos, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxeg, 6.75o per lb'
GRAIN [ BAGS — Continue ' to Improve. San
Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%
@7%c; local make, He less than Calcuttas;
Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine, 7tf@8c
. COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50- Cooa
Bay, »5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative WalU
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14 • Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 60 per ton, accord!
Ing to brand.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under 6U©
6Y*c; ISO to 225 lbs. 6<@6Hc; 225 and over, G',i@6c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 7H@9Vic. • '
Previous prices rule. Hogs continue eaay.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
'BEEF— 7@7V4c for Steers and 6<ffG',£c per lb
for cows. ¦ % ,'•
VEAL— Large, 7V4@8c: small, S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6H@7c>per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8®9c per pound.
HIDES AND BKINS-CulU And, brands tell
about l'.io under quotations. -Heavy Salted
Hirm-n, 0^©10e; medium, 0c; light, 8(?8He; Cow
Hides.' 8V4e for heavy and 8Vfo for light: Htngs,
«Uc; SMted Kip. fie; Baited Venl, B139H«: 8nH?d
Cftlf^, 10c; Dry Hides, IBVjeflHtai Culls, 13V4®14ci
Dry Kip. l«e; Dry Cnlf, Ifl(ffl7o: Culls and
Brands. I3©t4c: SheepukliiP, shparllnKK. lS'&afto
each; dhort Wool. SOCTKOc each; medium, GW75c:
long Wool, 80c^$l earh; Horse Hides, salt, $2 30
for Inrge and $2«z 25 for medium, $lttl 25 for
*mftll and BOe for.Coltn; Ilors« HIJe», dry, $175
for large, $1 28 for medium, $1 for small and 60c
for Colts. Deerskins— Bummer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 60c; medium, 3Ec.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4^®5c per lb; No.
2, 4$T4V4e; grease, MXWc
WOOLr— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 14® 15c per lb: Northern, free, 12©
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free. 10©
lie; do, defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c;; do, de
fective, 7 months. 7®8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
]4?T15c: do. medium and coarse. 13@14c; Oregon,
Kastern, .choice, U©13c; do, fair to good, 9©llc;
Nevada, 10ig>12c. \
HOPS-1502OC per lb.
" - San Francisco Meat Market.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, 12a per lb for heavy,
12HC13C for llalit medium, 13^0 for light, 14Ho
for extra light and 15%C for sugar-cured; East
ern sunar-cured Hams, \Z%1i\Sa', Mess Beef, $12
lii-r barrel; extra Mrms, $12 50; Family, $1150;
iirltnn Mem Pork, $15: extra clear, $23; Mew,
\\i\ Bmokrd lloef, WfflUa per lb.
LARD— Tlercos quoted at 6%q per lb for com
pnund and lO&lQVia for pure; half-barr«1s, pur*.
l<H4ff/10tto; 10-lb tins, 10^iQ<u>;c; 6-ib tins. u<%
COTTOLENR-Ono hnlf-bnrrel, .8%o; threo
hnlf-bnrreln, 8%e; ona tloree, t%o; two tlorcri,
£Hc; flv« tlerc«n, S-%0 vr lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops:
HONEY— Comb. lOipillc for bright and 9®9Vjc
for light amber; water white extracted. 6<fJ5V4c;
light amber extrncted, 4©4<^c; dark, 3<-jc.
BEESWAX-2J9C8C per lb.
Provisions.
There is! no further change to note in any
thing. I ' v ,
FRUITS— Apricots, &©7V£c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples. 4@Gc; sun-dried, l%©2c; Peaches,
3^i&4 for standard, 4H@C',Jc for choice and 6@
6%c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 2&
4c; unpltted. lfn%c; Nectarines, 4®4^c for red
and 4(S'3c fcr white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3e; 40-5Cs», 6'ic: 50-C05. 4tfc;
GO-TCs, 3%ic; 70-SOs, 3V4c; 80-903, 2?ic; 00-lCOs,
2Vio; iro-lIOs, l^c.
RAISlNS-.The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 8c; unbleached Thomp
sin's, 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, lOVic per lb;
choice, 9Vfec; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c:. un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
fiVic: 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6^0; 2-crown, Cc.
Pacific brand— *-crown, Be; 3-crown, &Uc, and
4-crown,. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5Vic;
IiCndon Layern. 2-crown. *1 EO per box: 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 sofUhell, 11©11V4c;
No. 2. 8®8Hc; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10Hc; No. 2.
6Vii@>7»;c; Almonds. 13014c for papershell, 10®
lie for sottshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5(56c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, ll@llttc;
Filberts, 12©12V4c;" Pecans, ll©13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 m«?5.
CURRANTS— $3 5C@6 ' per chest.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $102 2o;
Peedlin™, 75c©$1 60: Mediterranean fiweet*.
75c@$l 75; Tangerines, 50c@>$l 25; Lemons 73c
@$1 25 for common and $1 60@2 EO for good to
choice: Grape Fruit, 50c©$t 50; Mexican Limes,
$4<S"I 50: Bananas. $1 ffi®2 CO per bunch for
New Orleans and $H8'2 for Honolulu; Pine
apples, \2<\£\ per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FEACHES-75c@$l 25 per box. /
STRAWBERRIES— $6ra!) per chest for Long
wbrths and $3@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 324 chests and 340 crates. The latter
sold at $1@1 25 per crate.
LOGAN BERRIES— $3@8 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES-$S©10 per chest; from
Newcastle. $1 2T.<g>l 50 per crate.
RASPBERRIES— ?7®9 per chest; from New
castle, 8u$?90c per crate. I
GOOSEHERRiES-20@30c per drawer and 2®
Sc In butk: Knjrllrb. per lb.
APPLES— Eastern, $1 E0@l 75 per box; local
new, 40ift65c per box and 40c per basket. -
APRICOTS— 75c@$l per crate and box for
Prlngles and 80c®$l 23 for . Seedlings and
Royals.
CHERRIES— Receipts were 1629 boxes, sell-
Ing at 40@60c per box for red, 60c©$l for dark
and 65(5rSBc for Royal Anne; in bulk, 6ft8c per
lb for black and 2%©5a for red and GVitSPV-ie
for Royal Anne.
CHERRY PLUMS— 60®60o per drawer and 50
075c per box.
Three earl of Orangei were Auctioned nn
follows; Standard Navels, 75<vf?$l 80; choice
Mediterranean Sweat*, ,$1 85©1 Mi standard do,
K>:nU niij fancy Valenelai, $1 8d©3 <0; choice
do, ft 80®3 20.
Oranges, Lemonii and Limes remain about as
previously quoted,
Peaches w*r e lower under larger arrivals.
Berries and Currants remained about the same,
good prices being realised. Receipts of Apri
cots were larger, and tho market was easier.
Cherries were firm and good stock sold weM
at full figures.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
OHEHHH-Fftney, full cream, lei ehotee.
74*1! common, nominal; Young Americas, 9Mjoj
l-JiiKtem, full (trenm, l.'-tf irtVji? per lb,
I'nllf.iriilu. Unnph— Helfcted White, Ho; mixed
colors, 13d per dozen.'
• ¦iilif.inilM omlmr»il=H«lm!tm1, 124o; itand
ard, I2<'! teeendi, — ,
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS,
'niJTTKK—
Creamery—Extras, 17o; first*, Ko; second*,
Dnlry— Extra*, Ifla; first*, ir.n; second*, 14e;
(•torn, ISe,
v BUTTER— Creamery, 17H01*o P"f lb tor
fancy and WMina for seconds; dairy, liftHHio
per lb,
t'HiiKHK-NVw, tffle; old, nominal; Young
Anii-rlciiH, !Mn0i>,
HOOH-Runch, HHfiPlfla for good to fancy;
store, iSHWiSHn per down.
Receipt* were 45,400 pounds and 68 tubi of
nutter, 1306 cases of Eggs, — — cases Eastern
Eggs, 44.4SO pounds California Cheese and —
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN 'MARKET QUOTATIONS.
weak 'all around. Prices for all kinds, how
ever, remain unchanged. * . -
Receipts of Chceso were very large yester
day..
THE SAN i FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY * 30, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
— — — — — . , _ #
There was a fair business on tho Bond Ex-
Michael Shea' to Bridget Shea, lot on N lino
of Green street, 150 K of Van Ness avenue,
E 35 by N 125; gift.
John W. and Hannah McDonald to Martin
C. and Annie E. Hassett, lot on S line of Val
lejo street, 115 E of Oough, E 30:2 by S 137:6;
$4000. ;¦:«.* ' . •
Emll and Flora Boukofsky to David L. and
Rebecca Fulop, lot ' on S line of Post street.
83:6 W of Laguna. S 52:2-1% Inches. SE 15:3,
E 1 Inch, S 70:1. W. 27. N 137:6, E 27; $G000.<
- City and County of Ran Francisco to Thomas
H. O'Connor, lot on SB corner of Filbert and
Webster streets. 8 275 by E 137:6; .
M. J. and Kltzabeth Feely to Emllie Dorio
hoe, lot on N. line of Pacific street, 100 W
of Flllmore. W 84:6 by N 127:8'i; $20,000.
O. O. and Louise M. Sage. Milton D. Grosh,
William It. and Elizabeth G. Larzelere, to John
P. Zlpf. lot on 8 line of Fulton street. 100 W
of Baker. W 25 by S 100; $2300. . . J •
Henry Boukofsky to Johanna Boukofsky, lot
on W line of Central avenue (Lott street) 100
N of Waller N 23 by W 112:8; also lot on
W line of Eighteenth avenue, 250 N of M
street, N 25 by W 120; $2000. "
.William and Josephine Alfs to Margaret Fos
ter, lot on NW corner of Clay and Cherry
streets, W 50 by'N 100; $50CO. x
Estate Henry Ebblnghausen (by Kenning IJ
J. Ebblnghausen and Henry F. Horstmann.'
executors) to Charles Nonncnmann. lot on NW
C N Or Sf r by Or w 8 S : el $^ d Twent^ fl "t «reet..
Michael J. and Johanna Welsh to Peter C
Kleebauer.Jot on E line of Treat" avenue, 10O
8 of..Twenty-second. 8 23 by E 122:6; $3500.
Sarah A. Austin to Elizabeth Tyson (wife of
George H.). lot on SW corner of Twenty-fifth
and Homestead, S 125 by W 125; gift
George W. Armbruater to Henry E, Bothlni
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. NEW YORK. May 29.— COTTON— The opening
¦warn steady, though prices , were ¦ oft ¦ 2 • to >. 9
polnta under active selling 1 for local and for-
Nezv York Cotton Market;
NEW YORK. May- 29.— A slightly higher level
was maintained In tin In the local and . for
eign metal markets/ to-day. The cause for the
strength was attributed largely to a "renewal
of the «peculatlve movement, together with a.
•hitter turn to the statistical department of that
metal. ¦ In London the tin market closed steady
at a rise of Us, spot quoted at £12S IBs and
futures lit £127 10s. After a quiet day the
local market was finally firm In tone at 128 12vi
<&l% ZZ. Copper In London was 2b 6d higher to
day, owing to an absence of sellers.- the close
being steudy at £69 3s !M for spot and £60 15s
for futures. I*ad ruled quieter,- steady at
unchanged prices, both here and abroad, i Spel
ter was dull and nominally unchanged at $3 35
en. Domestic Iron markets were also dull and
featureless. Plgtron warrants, f!t t,w,i 10 ,'>n;
Northern foundry, $ir> 2:,Ql<i to: Southern foun
dry. $14(315 &0, and soft Southern, - • $13iG 15 to.
Glasgow warrants closed unchanged at 61s 6d,
and Mlddlesboro, 45s Sd.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
8
STATIONS.
I Last | This I I/act
24 Hours Seasun. Season.
Suroka
><«-d DluIT
¦acramfnto
<an Francisco ...
•"r<-h-no
r.dfp^ndence
tea I.uis obisixi.
aja Angr*Ie*
-an Uio^o
:::
47.40 SO. 03
24.63 !2.94
.... 20.21 20.24
21.17 IS. 42
11.31 10.27
, .... 5.S7 3.65
31.13 17.20
! .... 16.28 7.91
! .... 11.41 5.S9
STATIONS.
I Last | This I I/act
24 Hours Seasun. Season.
Suroka
><«-d DluIT
¦acramfnto
<an Francisco ...
•"r<-h-no
r.dfp^ndence
tea I.uis obisixi.
aja Angr*Ie*
-an Uio^o
:::
47.40 SO. 03
24.63 !2.94
.... 20.21 20.24
21.17 IS. 42
11.31 10.27
, .... 5.S7 3.65
31.13 17.20
! .... 16.28 7.91
! .... 11.41 5.S9
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
£» • ft* £a
SATURDAY. . . .June 1, 1931,
At It o'clock a, m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD 8T., NEAR THIRD,
SIXTY HEAD OF HORSES,
All broken, frnm 4 to I years old. fluttnbto for
•xpreMmen, liveryman, bakers, mllUm<»p, team.
¦ter», tie. Thesa Hnr»*s weigh from V&o to uuo
I'.iuinla. Th<T" .ir» several wall nritchett t*«nik,
«-'>ii|... ami iwrrlaga tmrm-n. AUu Numo wry
choicely brett trotter* anu<n* them. Th»r« win
t>* no reserve. Thin is a rare opportunity to «»t
fine Jliirnn- ,u Inw prices,
OtX'IDBNTAL HOfUSB EXCHANGE.
Til Howard nt.
ItoruM wt ¦Aletyftrd.The- railway strike Is one. Amerlcan'ln«
hiluiiloii that does not appear to commend
ItK'.'If tO tll't I'ltllWllHIH, :
A company has been formed to control tho
process of printing without Ink, ami In, a
short tlm« It I* expected that old methods will
Imi ravolwtlonlKed, Th«r« in one thin*, how*
•ver, that ha» reeUted nil Innovations; thnt Is,
Ht>«t«>tter'« Htomnch Wtttrs, ' It l» a wonder*
fill Imedlclna for dyspepsia, Indigestion, 1.111
oimnnuN, ineomnla, conntlpatlon ami nervous,
ri«*e. ft also prevents m»l»rl», fevnr an*i hku«,
Try It, ami you Will nm hi i|lm>iunilnici.|,
Printing Without Ink.
Death of Dt. A. R. Pennington.
MONTEREY, May 29,-Dr. A. R. Pen
nington, a prominent resident of this place
and a Civil War veteran, died last night
of consumption,
FELL FROM A WINDOW— Frank Hlra
shema. while engigt-a cleaning- windows at
1135 Ovary Ftrect yesterday, lost his balance
nnd fell a distance of thirty-five f«^>t, strik
ing on hl« back on the eldfwalk. Ills right
arm was broken in two place* and he aim
rf-r-Hvfd internal injurl** which may prove
fatal.
Contracts for Ne-w Gas Works.
'Building contracts have been filed in
'the RecorderS office covering the con
struction of four buildings for the
•works of the Independent Gas and Power
Company, a new corporation in the light
ing field. The contracts provide for the
erection in a block of land situated in the
Potrero of a generator-house, governor
house, meter-house and purifler-houae,
the aggregate coat being $32,090. . .'»"
Love at tint sight Is lesi substantial
than love one year after date.
P, M. Clancy, the special officer charged,
with the murder of Attorney J. N. E.
Wilson, appeared In Judge Fritz's court
yesterday. He showed the effects of th«»
mental «traln under which he Is laboring.
When the Judge Instructed him. ht« lips
trembled r.nd th« tears rolled down hl.i
cheek**. Ex-Judee Ferral appeared for
him and acked for a continuance till Mon
day morning, which was granted.
Clancy Appears in Court.
forces. General Michler died about fif
teen years ago.
At the age of 22 Colonel Michler gradu
ated from the Military Academy at West
Pclnt. He entered the Fifth Cavalry, and
as a lieutenant fought in many Indian
campaigns in Arizona under. Generals
Miles and Crook. By his gallantry in sev
eral" battles 'he won a name for courage
and was brevetted to the rank of lieuten
ant colonel. For a number of years
Colonel Michler was stationed at
the Presidio, San Francisco, Gen»
eral Schofleld commanding •. at the
time. Later he was ordered to
Washington to become a member of the
stuff of General Miles, with whom he had
been a great favorite. He had not Been
active service since,' though- performing
Invaluable work In the late operations of
the United States army. He last visited
the Pacific Coast In company with General
Miles when he came on a. tour of Inspec
tion In October. 1899.
Colonel Michler married Miss Marion
Lowry, ii daughter of the late Admiral
Lowry of Wafhlnjfton. In January, 1900.
Bhe mirvlven him. The funeral will be
held In Washington Friday morning, and
the interment will be in the Arlington
Kritlf nut Cemetery.
PROMINENT ARMY OFFICER
WHOJDIED AT WASHINGTON
FROM HEART DISEASE: " r '
W. 0. Stafford, the well known coul
merchant and ex-School Director, yester
day landed a straight right, a vlcloua up
per-cut and a clever pivot blow on a mys
terious Bleuth who has shadowed him for
several daya. The amateur Sherlock
Holmes In out at business and Stafford
is slowly unraveling the mystery concern
ing a man who has followed him night
and day for over a week.
Stafford conducts an extensive coal yard
on East street and employs a number of
teamsters. About a week ago at lunch
time he decided to drop into the Bohemian
Club. He left his office and noticed a tall
young man, who started .tp .follow .him.
Stafford boarded a car and the unknown,
who was there with belis on, also swung
on to the car. On arriving at the club
Stafford remained .about half an hour,
and on emerging his unknown shadow
was there waiting for him. Day after day
Stafford was followed by this mysterious
man and by all his friends to whom he
confided his story.no advice was given nor
were they able to- assist him unravel the
myatery. •• . ; ' ' - , . ' ,
Yesterday morning Stafford left his
house, about 8 o'clock to go to business,
and there was his shadow ready to escort
him to the oftlce. Stafford looked up and
down his residence block on Broderiek
street, and seeing that no one was arounp
he addressed tho sleuth.
"Why. do you follow me all tho time?
asked Stafford. "What is your motive?"
Tho man refused to explain his actions.
Stafford decided that there .was no time
like the present to settle tho matter. He
landed a vicious right on the Jaw of his
reticent and mysterious shadow and fol
lowed it up with other punches. When
Stafford had completed the work the
shadow's face ¦ was blacker than that of
any of the workmen employed in the coal
yard The man took to tho tall and uncut
timbers and has not been seen since by
"I have been doing some investigating
myEelf," said Stafford. "I am a member
of the Employers' Association. I under
stand that soveral other members of the
ICmployers' Association have been'shad
owed in the same way. T don't think' that
any moro men -will follow me, however.
I know that tho fellow that followed me
won't be ablo to get around for it week."
Mysterious Sleuth, Who
Acts as Detective, .
Punished. ;
OAKLAND, May 29.— News of the
death in Washington ctf Lieuten
ant Colonel Frank Michler,-mili
tary secretary and chief aid to
General Miles and an army officer
with man jH friends in San Francisco and
Oakland, came" Ia3t night to Mrs. fa. A.
Michler.-mother of the deceased, who has
resided for many years in Oakland.- Al
though Colonel Michler had been ill about
six weeks no fears were entertained by
his mother that he would not recover, and
the news of his death was a great shock
to her. The Immediate cause of death
was heart disease, from which the de
ceased had been a sufferer nearly all his
life. Of late years he had been almost
continuously on staff duty. - . '
Colonel Michler was born In New York
in im. His father was General Nathaniel
Michler, who -Served . with distinction in
the corps of engineers in the war of the
Rebellion. Before the close of the war
General Michler became the chief engi
neer of the Army of the Potomac and was
with General Grant at Appomattox when
General Lee surrendered the Confederate
STAFFORD LANDS
ON HIS SHADOW
j PEKING, May 29.-The Chinese have
; accepted the demand of the powers for
: 4 per cent interest on the Indemnity
• pending the payment of the principal.
At headquarters to-day it was an
nounced that the embarkation of the
' German • troops will begin on Juno 20.
: The German guards were withdrawn
! from several gates to-day, and the gov
• ernment of the city passed into the Chl
1 nese hands. Li Hung Chang says he
1 is prepared to accept the responsibility
i for the city now, but for the province
he wants a delay of six weeks.
i Many are apprehensive that the pow
' ers after their long torpor are now pro-
I ceedlng too hastily.
I TIENTSIN. 'May 29.— Two British
; transports have arrived at Tongku to
I take troops direct to India. Another
! transport will arrive to-day to take the
I Beluch regiment to Weihalwei. General
i Voyron, th» French commander, expects
' now that the evacuation has been de
cided upon that France will countermand
tho order holding her troops temporarily
in China, He anticipates the early ar
rival of French transports.
General Lome-Campbell, the British
commander here, says the International
situation at Tientsin is better than at any
time since the arrival of the troops,
though upon the departure of the Amer
icans the Russians objected to the British
hoisting their flags on a bridge when the
American flag was taken down. But Gen
eral Wogack, the Russian commander,
withdrew his objections.
WASHINGTON, May 29.— The Depart
ment of State has been Informed reliably
that the Chinese Government hat) issued a
decree agreeing to pay an indemnity of
450,1)00,000 taels, equivalent to about $337,
000,000 at the present rate of exchange. It
Is known now that the whole subject of
indemnity will be cloeed up before the end
of the present month. If that la not done
and evacuation In not under way on a
larga scale, then thj Oitnene Government
muit be fiHHt'HKfd $1,000,000 each day after
June 1 next to compensate the power* for
the maintenance of tneJr military forces
in China.
Under th!» whip tho Chines* Govern*
ment ho* been forced to yield.
It Is not known that tho powers hav»
agreed on the form and extent of -the
guarantee, but now that the amount ot
indemnity In fixed, not much difficulty In
• vuft'ti'ii on this score,
Tha United Htates Government has not
Ulan part |n the eduction ot A military
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Willing to Pay Interest
Pending the Final
Settlement.
CHINA ACCEPTS
POWERS' DEMAND
|f s^TTA BUTLER, the clever actress,
I j is once again in this city, having
i ~* arrived here last Sunday night
. I -^ direct from New York City to
rest for a few weeks.*
Miss Butler has only been on the stage
a few years, but her talent has won for
her an enviable position in her profession.
She made her first public appearance in
this city at a benefit given by the Press
Club and scored an instantaneous hit. Her
subsequent tour of the vaudeville circuit
caused the young actress to receive flat
tering offers from leading Eastern man
agers. In vaudeville Miss Butler gave a
number of impersonations of well known
actresses and everywhere she was the re
cipient of laudatory criticism.
On April 17 of this year Miss Butler ap
peared at the Herald Square Theater in
New York City in "The Prima Donna,"
written by Harry B. Smith and Aime
Lachaume. Although the company was
composed of Gotham favorites, Miss But
ler captured the honors of the comic
opera and the critics devoted considerable
space to reviewing the performance. The
young actress, who is the daughter of
John Butler, the well known boniface of
this city, will appear in New York this
year in an opera now being written for
her by Harry B. Smith of "Robin Hood"
fame. . ¦
• • •
The Columbia Theater has a brilliant
attraction thid week in Oscar Wilde's
"The Importance of Being Earnest." The
fantasy is delighting the large audiences
with its Inverted wit and wisdom and
polished rendering. Henry Miller as
Worthing is fitted with a thoroughly con
genial part, and the other principal char
acters are played with full appreciation of
their possibilities by Mr. Cherry, Florence
Rockwell. Grace Elllston, Jennie Eustace,
Laura Clement and Fred Nome. The
entr'acte programmes are something of
an innovation and a very pleasant one at
that. Homer Henley and a good chorus
are giving nightly solo and choral selec
tions (this week drawn from the works of
Wagner) to the accompaniment of organ
and orchestra.
"D'Arcy of the Guards," the new Miller
production, is in active preparation.
* * •
"Cleopatra." at the Grand Opera house,
with Melbourne MacDowell as Antony,
and Florence Stone in the title role, is
j'leaeing large cudienees. Melbourne Mac-
In some way Captain Wittman heard
of the alleged bribing of the officers and
he lost no time In making an investiga
tion. After satisfying himself that "some
thing was doing," he sent for the officer's
and accused them of having accepted the
bribe. They, of course, strenuously de
nied that they -had taken any money to
allow the woman to go. Yesterday the
accused men were removed from tho Ten
derloin dlBtrlct to Ashbury Heights, Cap
tain Wittman tefunes to discuss the mat
ter, except to eay that the beats of tho
two police office™ were changed for "the
good of tho department." It Is said that
formal chargeu will be filed against Itcado
and Rlc« to-day.
commandant to succeed Field ¦ Marshal
Count von Waldomee j n the Hupreme com
mand at' Poking. HavlnK dispensed with
our military forca In China, th« United
State* in not concerned In the personality
of tha military chief. Our legation guard
will not owo allegiance or ohedlencu to
any foreign commander, but will b« an-
Mwerable nolely to the United States Mln-
Inter or Charge, In tho event of common
peril Iho ueveral legation guards may
unllfl tor (he common defflnuft. in v/hU;h
t'Hna (hey may «e|eot their own leader, an
they did durlnf inn ilef.iiBo of trio legu.
tlunrt last year,
Several days ngo they arrested a woman
who is variously known as Rose Adama
and Kittle Stewart for vagrancy. Taking
her to the patrol box at Bush street and
Grant avenue, they sent in a call for the
wagon, and just then an opium fiend who
is known to the police as "Jimmy the
Goat" happened along. After learning
that the woman wax under . arrest he
slipped a $10 gold piece into Rice's hand
eo ft Is charged. The woman was then
released, and as she left the scene she
was warned to keep her mouth closed.
* A lew minutes later the patrol wagon
drove up and the two officers, fearing to
arouse suspicion, seized a drunken man
who was standing . In the crowd and
hustled him into the waiting vehicle.
"Charge him with drunkenness." com
manded Reade, addressing the policeman
who was In charge of the wagon. "Twen
ty-four hours in jail will do him-good "
The unfortunate fellow, despite ¦ his
protestation*, was then driven to the City
Prison, where he was locked" up in the
drunks' cell until the following day, when
he was released.
A serious chirge has been made agalnnt
Policemen Reade and Rice, who have been
doing duty in the Tenderloin district.
Police Officers Rice and
Reade in Serious
Trouble.
CHARGED WITH
TAKING BRIBES
"The Flylngr Jordans" are the chief at
traction at the Chutes and Zoo this week.
At the usual amateur performance this
evening a special feature, "lady section
hand* in a spike-driving contest." will be
Introduced.
The Orpheum has another excellent bill
this week, with Henry Lee, Al Leach and
the Three Rosebuds, Grace Van Studdl
ford, Genaro and Bailey, Lew Sully, Bur
ton and Brooks, James O. Barrows, John
Lancaster and Company, as entertainers.
Merle Stanton, Atlantis, De Boe. Gladys
Middleton, Carter and Gerald, Peri and
Lovell, Powers and Freed, and Clara
Palmer Hyde are at Fischer's Concert
House this week and meeting with much
favor with the audiences.
» * •
The" rich red melodrama, "The War of
Wealth," is stirring the hearts of : the
patrons of the Central Theater this week.
"Old Glory," another of the kind, will
follow. "Old Glory" is a story of the
American bluejackets In Chile and is
strengthened by a realistic naval encoun
ter between the cruiser Baltimore and a
Chilean privateer.
The double bill at the Alcazar, "The
First Born" and "Gloriana." will come to
an end . of Its successful run this week,
and Florence Roberts will then begin her
usual summer reason with "Bonnie Prince
Charlie," one of the Julia Marlowe suc
cesses.
"The Toy Maker" at the Tivoli seems to
have a new lease of life, for the business
this week has been bigsrer than ever. The
piece goes with wonderful snap, and every
one In the cast keeps well up to the- mark
of excellence. Annie Myers, Hartman,
Cunningham, Webb and the rest of the
people in the play have made good. An
extra matinee will be given Thursday
afternoon, Decoration day, and another
toy souvenir matinee will be given on
Saturday. "The Babes in the Woods" will
follow at some undetermined date.
This afternoon there will be a "bargain
matinee" at the California Theater, with
"Phroso" on the counter." Anthony
Hope's latest melodrama has not found
sucn strong favor with its audiences as
its author's famous "Prisoner of Zenda,"
but what is good in it— and there are
strong spots— is amply well taken care of
by James Neill and his capable company.
"A Colonial Girl" will follow "Phroso."
This is a beautiful drama of the revolu
tion. The sale of seats opens this morn
ing.
mountings are promised by the manage
ment.
CLEVER CALIFORNIA ACTRESS
WHO WON LAURELS FOR HER
SELF IN THE EAST/
Iii the report of the board of directors
of the Merchants' Association of San
Franciscoj rendered at the seventh an
nual meeting held in the Academy of
Sciences building last night, it was shown
that through the efforts of the merchants
much that was for the welfare of this
city had been accomplished.
The meeting was an enthusiastic one
and as such a fitting close to the seventh
year of F. W. Dohrmann's service as pres
ident of the association. Mr. Dohrmann,
who retired from office last night, was
presented with a handsomely engrossed
set of ' resolutions, signed by more than
1200 merchants of this city, as a tribute
to his efforts during his/long term of of
fice.
The following named business men were
elected directors of the association to
serve for the ensuing year:.
O. D. Baldwin, C. S. Benedict, Charles
Bundschu. Foster P. Cole, Andrew M. Davis,
W. ,T. Dutton, M. Oreenehaum, Marshal Hal*,
I A. .1. McNIcoll. W. 'J. Newman, Kdword H.
Pond. \V. T\ IJorllngton. Vrank J. Symmes,
A. H, Vail and F. II. ; Wheelan.
The constitution of the association was
amended to pi q vide for the selection of
the directors an follow 1 *:
Fifteen directors elected In the year 1902 shall
ro classify themselves by lot that five of them
shall respectively go out of office at the ex
piration of one. two, and three years. There
after five directors nhall be elected each year to
hold office for three years.
The Annual Report.
The annual report of the board of di
rectors was then read and showed that
during the year fifty regular meetings of
the association had been held. At each
meeting matters of great moment were
discussed and plans laid for the better
ment of conditions existing in San Fran
cisco, which as opportunity offered were
carried out. Hearty co-operation on the
part of the 1293 firms comprising the
membership of the organization resulted
in the making of many needed reforms.
The report refers to the successful ef
forts of the merchants to secure the es
tablishment of the Pacific Commercial
Museum, and ' to the benefits expected
therefrom:
The recent adoption by the Board of Super
visors of improved specifications, admitting
asphalt and other desirable paving materials,
marks a notable advance in* the paving of our
public streets is the result of organized effort
on the part ot the merchants. . The plan of
the Merchants' Association . to expend $125, COO
each year for a period of four years in the
repavement of accepted streets, has been rec
ommended by the Board of Public "Works to
the Supervisors for incorporation in the annual,
budget.
Possessions in Far East.
Uncle Sam's possessions in the far East
and this city's importance in connection
with them received consideration, as the
following extracts from the report show:
Strong resolutions have been forwarded to
the" California delegation in Congress calling
attention to the importance and necessity of '¦
a direct ocean cable that will connect San
Francisco with our recently acquired posses
sions in the Pacific and paints in the Orient.
All the members, of the California delegation
in Congress have promised their support to the
early construction of such a cable. Recogniz
ing the benefits that would accrue from a
direct steamship line from this port to Manila,
the committee on trada and finance gave this
subject its earnest consideration. Conferences
were held with other commercial organizations
and a ¦ delegation was : sent to Washington.
Favorable results are 'expected from thes« ef
forts, iv.'.^r — " .'•¦ . : "..."'" '"' -
At the close of the reading of the report
Charles Bundschu ptesented the following
resolutions, which . were , unanimously
•adopted:
Resolved, That the Merchants' Association
hereby expresses its profound appreciation of
the valuable services rendered in behalf of the
association by - the five retiring members of
the board of directors. .• . >
Resolved, That their constant devotion to the
best interests of the association and to the
welfare of the city merits the highest recogni
tion of every member of the Merchants' As
sociation and every patriotic citizen in San
Francisco. ' ' • . ' «
Resolved, That these resolutions be presented
to each of the retiring directors and be spread
upon the minutes of the Merchants" Associa
tion.
President Is Complimented.
The following resolutions were then pre
sented and adopted unanimously, the
members rising and voting:
Wherea*, After »sven consecutive years of
faithful servico our worthy president, V. W.
Dohrmann, now retire* from the honorable
poHltlon that he has bo efficiently filled, there
fore be it " •
Resolved, . Hy the member* of th« Merchants'
Association In general meeting nnuBmbleci that
wo hereby - PxrireoM our profound appreciation
of the exceptional anility and unr.'lilHh devo
tion of I 1 ', \V. Dohrmann In tha dl«charKfi of
tho rrnponnlble dutlPH of prcKldt'nt of thft Mer
chant*' Ami' iiitl'ni during th« lirm t«tven yearn
of It* exiHteni'n.
Ile«olVMl, Thnt hi* • career n* a publlc
npirited Hn<l patriotic citizen Imp not only en
ured to tho urmfrwfN Hnd welfare of Hun
Kmneluro, hut will ever b* regarded tin a con-
KlilcuouH ••Jkiiniiili* for emulation of the youth
of our city and Htut«.
lleaolved, Tr<Ht the«« remilutlomi, suitably
ennfrnninH and nlKned by each member of the
MmlittntH' Aexoelntlon, \>p presented to «x-
I'renMent Dohrmann, with tlie tilnrcrw wlnh of
thf Merchant*' AnKoclntlon that hi* future life
mnv !>'• rnpli.iiKly ble*sp<l with health, honor
and hapiilncen.
The resolutions worn llncly engrossed,
forminjr a volume «tr.vernl inche« thick,
suitably bound. Th« book was enclosed in
a polished mahogany ease.
In accepting the tribute to hl» worth Mr.
Dohrmann thanked his associates and
said he felt he was more than requited for
any effort ho had made In their behalf.
He Kpoke of the support ho had received
from his business associates and of the
deep interest he would always feel in the
efforts of his successor.
In his speech as retiring president M/.
Dohrmann said: . • - '
' I need not refer In detail to the greatly
needed improvements which our city most re
quires, such as a modern sewer and drainage
system, new school and hospital buildings,
the imprcvement of our street, pavement* and
the placing of wires, which disfigure our thor
oughfares, under. ground, as these matters have
had the active and partly successful support
of our association, and are either "provided for
or will soon be before tho people in the shape
of bond elections, this time we hope to be
carried to a successful issue.
Neither do I need to repeat at length that
manufacturing enterprises should be encour
aged, the more so since the extensive develop
ment of oil as a cheap fuel will make It easier
hereafter, to establish and" maintain thru. *
. j Condemns Partisan Politics.
To the most casual observer It must be ap
parent I that partisan politics has no place in
city affairs. . City government Is business, not
politico. In the creation and adoption of the
present . charter of San .Francisco, it" was in
tended and expected that, by having municipal
election* entirely separate from State or na
tional- elections, questions relating to partisan
politics would be wholly removed. It should
be the constant aim of the Merchants' Asso
ciation to bring about this . desirable result.
I^ct us eliminate from local elections all'ref
erence to Federal issues, and confine our at
tention to tho erjually momentous matters of
strtcfly municipal concern.
It has always been a fundamental principle
of our organization. to co-operate with instead
of merely. criticizing municipal and State legig
latlve'antr-executive official*. Often their
ilutloH are complex and onerous and<un<W.our
Institutions must be discharged , wrthout prt.
vloun preparation or experience. J Sometimes
errors sre unavoidable and due allowance
should b<» made. At all events, our Buggea
tlone or. criticisms can be offered in a charit
able and friendly uplrlt. On the other hand,
faithful, honest and capable official! should
have due credit: and continue In the service of
tha people as Ions as possible, Hy all mean*,
let tho Merchant*' A«»oelatlon continue to con
fer and oo'operste with public officials In all
matter" of municipal roneern,
:Mr, "Dohrmann closed by stating that It
ehnuld l»« tha aJm of Ban Franciscans to
make tho metropolis of the West thn mewt
beautiful and attractive cltyvjn thft Union
not only b» a moral factor for the comfort
and elflvatlon of its own Inhabitant!), but
ii I mo u# an Inducement to brine: to and
through the filty tourists and vlBltani, '
Merchants' Association
Higfily Compliments
President.
Annual Report of Organiza
tion Tells of Many Im
provements. !
BUSINESS MEN
HONOR DOHRMANN
There are smelters in this State that
can be made more economical to operate
also, according to Mr. Fennell. by the use
of Hcuid air in the place of coke. By in
troducing liquid air into the furnace one
half of the charge can be saved, which
would mean great things for the huge
plants operated in Shasta County in con
nection with the copper mining industry.
I.iould air wi!l also, he Bays, be used to
spray crude petroleum used for fuel in
stead of steam. Premising that under
such use of liquid air the crude fuel oil
could be made to yield 900 more caloric
heat units than under steam, it would re
sult in making one barrel of oil do the
work that three and a half barrels are
now doing, thereby decreasing the cost of
manufacturing.
Ocraid If. PcddcII. reprenenUn* thft
Tripler Ufjuld Air Company, now in thin
«-lt;\ Kays that there are various* ways in
which Uijulrl air will be employed to nerve
the pfculiar need* of California. The most
important perhaps Im in connection with
th«» refriKf-ratlon of fruit* on transconti
nental train* moving from California to
th« Atlantic coa*t. According to Mr. Fen
nell. 1500 earn will be constructed to run
"n the fianta Ke line* to carry the fruit
raft bound, and he figures out that the
erst of refrlceration per car will not ex
rrcd 120 for the overland Journey. He
nl*o *ay« that mining operations in Cali
lornia will be made much more economi
cal, for it will be poaslble to operate drills
at a fraction of the cost of electricity.
Then again the liquid air, combined with
hydro-carbon, makes a strong explosive
that is much cheaper than nltroglycerin
rir other explosives now in common use
In minps. In Cripple Creek and in the
Butte (Mont.) mining districts alone, he
says, the savins in explosives could be 75
l>er cent, or $9.000,(KX). by using liquid air.
and the same proportionate saving could
be made in mining operations on the
Mother Lode and elsewhere in California.
California.
FENNELL TALKS
OF LIQUID AIR
Predicts That It "Will
; Be Widely Used in
Tl.e rdminir-trative council of the Na
liuiial Metal Trades Association takes the
prcund that the agreement had been vio
lated by the International Association of
Machinists, which organization, it is de
clared, has refused arbitration and has in
stituted strikes in many shops of the mem
bers of the National Metal Trades Asso
ciation.
TORONTO. Ont.. May 29.— "Reports from
EU parts of the United States are favor
able—those from the Pacific Coast better
than I expected." sajd President O'Conneil
of the International Association to-day.
""Already 130 firms 1:1 New York city have
granted the men's demands and the re
mainder, it is expected, will fall into line
soon.','
President O'Conneil denies a report that
he has power to order out railway ma
chinists. Only by the request of a three
fourths majority of all the men can a
strike be ordered. Referring to a tele
graphic dispatch of this morning, he said
he had already najned a committee of
three to meet the National Metal Trades
To-morrow. "But." he added, "any set
tlement by local representatives must be
along national lines."
KXOXVILLE, Tenn.. May 29.— All but
six machinists employed by the South
ern Railway at this place went out on
strike to-day. A report from Salisbury.
N. C, says that all the fifty machinists
went out to-day also. The local union
wired from Washington that the
mission of the machinists to Vice
President Gannon of the Southern Rail
way had proved futile. A message from
President O'Conneil was received, order
ing the strike. The chief demands of the
machinists are for nine hours and an in
crease of 12\t> per cent in wages. The
strikers claim that 95 per cent of the ma
chinists on the system of the Southern
Railway will be out to-morrow morning.
CHICAGO. May 29.-After arbitration
had failed to settle the differences be
tween Chicago union machinists and their
employers, the long-threatened general
strike in the machine trade of Chicago
and was ordered to-night by the
local committee of the machinists' union.
The break-down of the attempts *t arbi
tration came after a five hours' session
between the Joint arbitration board of tho
union and the Manufacturers' Associa
tion.
The issue up for arbitration was the
question of fixing a wage scale per hour
for the new nine hour day inaugurated
May 20. In place of the ten hour aay then
abrogated. Efforts at effecting a com
promise were made by both sides, but
to no purpose, and the strike order lol
lnwed. The walk-out will affect 7000 men.
The administrative council of tho Na
tional Metal Trades Association at a
mating here to-night declared its agree
ment with tho International Association
of Machinists for the machinery manu
facturing: plants of the entire country null
snd void and no longer binding: on the
National Metal Trades Association. The
aerpement. which 1* smashed, was a.lopt
t<\ at New York May 18. 1900, and at the
time was looked upon as tha best ever
drawn un between employers and work
mfn in its provisions for the avoidancfi of
strikes and lock-outs. The manufactur
er? lake the stand that they are not now
bound bv any aereement.
The hicliest increase of wages offered
bv the manufacturers during the machin
ists' council of arbitration was 5 per cent.
The work of the council was declared
over when the? manufacturers refused to
ii<-oede to an ultimatum of 10 per cent in
< rease demanded by the machinists. In
i!ie course of the session there were sev
«r.V deadlock? and at no time did a pet-
Element seem likely. In a near room was
h meetinp of the administrative council I
••f the National Metal Trades Association I
•svfth over seventy members present from I
all parts of the country. They kept in •
dose touch with the arbitration proceed- ,
ir.Ks. In another room was a large gath- '
«»i ing of maohinistp from District No. 8 of !
the International Association of Machin- j
i?ts. i
Seven Thousand Members of
the Union Give Up
Their "Work.
Arbitration Fails and
Machinists Order
a Strike.
CHICAGO MEN
ABANDON SHOPS
Lieutenant 'Colonel FrankVMichler, Military -Secretary .. and
Chief Aid to General Miles,^ Succumbs to -Heart * Disease
at Washington and Will Be Buried in Arlington' Cemetery
WEST POINT GRADUATE
DIES FAR FROM HIS HOME
.The commencement exercises of St.
Rose Academy were held yesterday after
noon in Golden Gate Hall. Pretty young
misses, all gowned in spotless white, stood
upon the stage and received at the hands
of Father Jones medals and certificates
as rewards for a year's work well and
faithfully done.
The parents and friends of tha younjr
students were well represented. They
filled the hall and testified by frequent
applause their appreciation of the excel
lent programme presented.
Diplomas, certificates and medals were
awarded as follows: >-'_•/.
Diploma and sold medal (or honors of gradu
ation — Miss Lillian Thomas.
Certificate? for proficiency in studies, senior
department— Mtss Julia Murphy. Miss Marl 1 )
Adam, JIl.«s Charlotte Jepsen.
Certificates for proficiency in studies, aca
demic department— Miss Katherlne Ahern. Mlsn
Anna Ahern. Miss Genevieve Meherln. Ml.*<
Constance MeAulifTe. Miss Mary McCarthy.
Miss Catherine Mahoney, Miss Edna Walsh.
Mlsa Lucy Campbell. Miss Elizabeth McIOon.
Miss Mercedes White. Mlns Mazle Cook. Miss
lima, Forner. Miss Agnes Laherty.
SENIOR DEPARTMENT.
Gold medal for Knsllah - Miss Lillian
Thomas.
Gold medal for algebra— Miss Charlotte Jep-
ACADEMIC DEPARTMENT.
Silver medal for general Improvement— Miss
Kfttherine Ahern.
Silver medal for application— Merited by Miss
Edna Walsh and Miss Katherlne Mahoney;
drawn by Miss Edna Walsh.
*,:.' INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENT.
Silver medal for general excellence— Miss
Violet Mitchell.
Silver medal for Christian doctrine — Miss
Genevieve Sullivan.
Silver medal for Christian doctrine— Helen
Hlsrhtpwer.
PRIMARY DEPARTMENT. . '
Silver medal for application — Valentin* Hast
ings.
Silver medal for general Improvement— Helen
"VVhelen.
• ¦ Silver medal for eeneral excellence— Eather
O'Neill.
' Silver medal for general excellence — Waiter
Mitchell.
.ART DEPARTMENT.
. Silver medal for oil painting:— Miss Ella Cook.
' Honorable mention for decorative art— Mlsa
Ellle Ewinr.
- Honorable mention for porcelain painting—
Miss Romana Mulqueen, Miss Genevieve Sulli
van.
Honorable mention for painting in water
colors— Miss Violet Mitchell.
Honorable mention for work In pyrogrraphy—
Miss Ella Cook.
The programme in full for the afternoon
was as follows:
"Little Boy Blue," elocution class; Ungar
ische Tame- No. 5, Misses Violet Mitchell.
Ethel Kelly. Ella Cook, Mazie Cook; "A
Brownie Bit," "Teaching Grandpa to Dance."
"University Students." "Temple of Fame"—
Queen of Temple, Miss Lillian Thomas; Sci
ence, Miss lima Forner; Religion. Miss Kather
lne Ahern; heralds— Misses Mary McCarthy.
Agnes Laherty. Katherine McAullffe. May Dev
ery. Gertrude O'Connor. Violet Mitchell, Jose
phine Cook, Jane Tobin; pages— Misses Maria
Hightower. Mary O'Brien; Sappho, Miss Julia'
Murphy: Cleopatra. Miss Marie Adam; at
tendants — Misses Ella Cook. Ellle Ewlng; Joan
of . Arc. Miss Edna Walsh: Portia. Miss Char
lotte Jepsen; Pocahontas. Miss Lucy Campbell;
Miriam, Miss Romana Mulqueen; companions —
Misses Mercedes White. Genevieve Reardon,
May O'Connor, Genevieve Sullivan: Evangellne.
Miss Krhel Kelly; Mary. Queen of Scots. Mlsa
Genevieve Meherln: Barbara Frletchie. Miss
Katherlne Barry: Maud Muller. Miss Mary
Hlckey; Nydia, Miss Genevieve Sullivan; Queen
Isabella. Miss Mazie Cook; maids of honor-
Misses Constance McAullffe. Imelda Leary:
Mother Goose. Miss Mercedes "White: children;
"May Sons." Misses Kafherlne Barry. Edna
Walsh, Mercedes White; "Love's "Work," Miss
Lillian Thomas. Graduating honors conferred
on Miss Lillian Thomas.
A splendid exhibition ot fine needle
work and ceramic art. all the work- oC
the students, was especially admired.
Entertaining Programme Pro
¦ sented at Closing
Exercises.
Awards Made to Diligent
Students of St. Rose
Academy. Qs<kt
BRIGHT PUPILS
RECEIVE MEDALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 30, 1001.
After Scoring a Big Success in New York She Comes
Back to California Preparatory to Starring Next Season
in an Opera- Specially Written for Her by Harry B. Smith
? 1 r— fr _ : — ¦¦ "' : ' ' -*
ACTRESS ETTA BUTLER
RETURNS WITH LAURELS
Dowell gives a strong and thoroughly, in
telligent rendering of the part of the
noble Roman, and Miss Stone is fairly
sufficient as Cleopatra. The scenery is
notably good, in particular the storm
scene being worthy of generous praise.
Following "Cleopatra" comes another
Sardou drama, "La Tosca," with Mr.
MacDowell as Scarpia. Like "Cleopatra,"
the latter will probably excel the Bern
hardt production of the play so . far as
settings are concerned, as elaborate
* *
9
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
THE SUNDAY CALL
",%¦;. i'.il'V >v' —- JUNE TOE. SECOND^-'.'
JOOOO OOOOOO Oil SkDOOOO O OOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOO On — . _ __, '- ¦¦«..-' S43O0OO00O0Q0C
jooooooooooogj |l/|\7 rYTkOriPTIf*^)? Ft 7\ Jooooooooosoc
doooooooooooB X.1M.J JUAuwl ivllVViJ UJ U Ko oooooo o oooo
3OO00O0O0O0O *: -. r l H'S'O O OOOO OOO OC
dooooooooooc I\»tAfoccfnn7ll ' Dorfftat* lp oo °oooooooc
dcoooooooooc 4*1 01C2>»>10Il£li JDVyyClF Gpocooooooooc
DOOOOOOOOOOC| -i ' ¦ - ¦, - »•* Ho OOOOOOO OOO C
30000000000C «' £4 y» ' - . MO OOOOOOOOOOC
oooooooooooc TTI .^^11 1^1*1^ Ts CT R^ooooooooooc
oooooooooooo ***- ¦ v#vt,**- a x uixviijvut Hooo ooo oooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOO . -¦>* •; WO OOOOOOOOOOC
oo oooooc oooc By THO3. STEELE. ' joooooooooooc
30000000000 C . • .. ' IHOOO OOOOOOO OC
-joooooooooo og • -. - * ¦ ... . B° ooooooooooc
o oooooooooo cB With a Ibt ot the people regarded by the ho ooooooooooc
ooooooo oooocl .. ; : .* . - ••' :-. • „ j «t. _ »» » H^ oooo ooo oooc
ooooooooooooH begging fraternity as M . good things. Is Boooooooooooc
doooooooooooS • ' m -- i-,«j 7 ? v » J Hoo oooo oooooc
Dooooopoooool your name on me iisit it i i i goooooooooooc
joooooooooo cfl ' . $ifi >'/;\. ','•'¦: Ho ooooooooooc
ooooooooooo cm i ' a 3 ooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOO C.H ¦ HO OOOOOOOOOOC
30ooooooooocB . : Hoo oooooooooo
doooooooooocI u/\rj Tf4 - TiRF^FRVF THP B ooooooooaoec
d o o o o o o o o o o cl HUVt 1U • lr*vlrf»J**Ix ¥ 1* XHL* Boooooooooooc
oooooooooooci irnccMTTP kd f\ "M BT1\P- I 3OO0OO0000sc
ooooooooooocH YO 3 ClVll 1 E TKUM riHC. Boooooooooooc
30000000000 cfl , _ ¦ - ¦ no ooooooooooc
30000000000 CM ¦ ' " ' ¦ ¦ ' ' Hao OOOOOOOOOC
ooooooooooo oW Bi ooooooooooc
oooooooooooca ¦-. . H 0 ooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOO OH rvtUCTt 1 CCIAVI Tff ¦ A V A f '¦ B° °O°OOO0OO0C
oooooooooooci -inE I'AjjIUu VLAl Al «lo oooo o oooooc
00000000000 CM - . .il K° OOOOOOOOOOC
ooooooooooo oil SANTA CLAR/L • hoo oooooo oooc
OOOOOOOOOOOCH Uft*l*« vnnivn. MO 0 0 O 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 C
ooooooooooooH' ¦ • ¦ -¦'. ¦• •.*-• ¦ jlo ooooooooooc
ooooooooooo ojg . . * oooooooooooo
ooooooooooo oH oooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOCH' OOOOOOOOOOOC
300oooooooocg| THF STATUADY AT THF oooooooooooc
ooooooooooocH 1IU - JiAlWiiKI Ml 1111* oooooooooooc
3OOOOOOOO0 90H i\A1kf A TLif ¥5DTr" A M PVnrtCTTPTAVT 30000000000c
doooooooooooSJ PAN-AJYlfcKlL/AH EAPUMriuN oooooooooooo
oooooooooooca ¦ oooooooooooc
« p^^^^^^^^^^M OOOOOOOOOOOC
30000000000 rW oooooooooooe
ooooooooooo cfl • Ro ooooooooooc
30 oooo 000 o o GjB THP ii FHAT" HftTTCPC nB Hjoooooooosoc
300000000000a lilC 1KA1 IIUvjLj UF Boooooooooooe
ooooooooooo c9 , ncrxocY c ..' H'> ooooooooooc
30000000000 cm DEKKCLCY. B3OOOO8OOO3O!
oooooooooooci ro 00 oooo ooooq
30000000000 CB ' M3 OOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOO CM **"* jfo OOOOOOOOOOC
joooooooooooS"™" ' jloooooooooooe
ooooooooooocll .___». _ « -«i'«l _—,-._._ — .—.- .«._ R' 3000000000oe
?SSSSSSSSSSi- A N D ' PA6ES OF STORIES OF fesSSSSSSSSSI
SSSSSSSSSSSSl GREAT HUMAN INTEREST. KSS2SSSSSSS2
inonnnafioooog . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦- ', : . (Jo ooooooooooe
f f THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL ••*
, - >.'•¦•¦¦¦. . .. 2 . »THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 30, 1901.
10
EMPLOYMR XT .WANTED— MALE.
A STEADY, reliable | man wants a position as
marker and distributor in a country laundry;
'. will make, himself generally useful. Address
Box 3233, Call office. ____________
• WANTED— Situation as coachman In' private
¦ family; good- references; thoroughly under-
stands his business. Address D. P., 116 Ful-
ton st, city.'." ¦¦".. ¦• ;
WANTED — A position as cutter and genera!
tailor, city or country; young man, steady
and industrious- best of references. Address
G. C. WIXTERBERG, 161SV& Turk st. . ,' "
SITUATION I wanted by a Scandinavian • man
26 years old as nightwatch»->an, porter or
janitor; handy with tools; references.- Box
3310, Call office. ,
EXPERIENCED man desires position as
nurse and companion to gentleman. H. AN-
DERSON. 1284V6 Lombard st.
GOOD, reliable Linotype operator (German or
English), just from the East,. would like to
have steady ; position;, can take care of ma-
chine, make changes for size and style of
type 1 and also repair, small breaks; can also,
if required, work on case, either German or
English. AddreSs A. box 11, Call.
GROCERY manager— I am'successfully manag-
ing a grocery house, doing a business of two
hundred and fifty thousand ($250,000) yearly:
would make a change; best reasons and ref-
erences; can handle both wholesale and retail
trade. Address box 3287, Call office.
A FAMILY of four— man. wife, son 22 years
and elrl 12 years— wish to tend to orchard
or chicken range or, both; good experience in
trimming and drying fruits. Box 3288. Call.
WANTED— Situation as night watchman or any
! kind of work by man aged 35; handy with any
kind of tools and willing to work; references.
Box 3279. Call office.
MAN would like to learn bartending or would
take position as night watchman. 55414
¦ Stevenson st. '
WANTED— A position as cutter and general
tailor, young man, steady and industrious;
best of references. Address G. C. WINTEE-
BERG. 1618M: Turk Bt. -
YOUNG man wants position to do general
work. OTTO GREENBERG, 237 Shipley st,
city.
SITUATION wanted; blacksmith; can do lathe
work; understand electrical machinery. Box
4180, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN gardener; understands care
of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables, la-wn,
flowers; in private family: vei- - useful and
v.-llling; city or country. Box 3247, Call.
A GOOD jobbing blacksmith and shoer. mar-
ried and steady, wiahfs a situation, city or
country; -reasonable wages. Address F. A.
M.. box 3211. Call office. *
YOUNG man as gardener; understands the care
of cows and horses; best of reference. Box
3270. Call office.
BREAD and cake bak»r: strictly sober, coun-
try preferred. Box 3283 Call office^
I WISH position where I can get study time;
would like small family. Charry, 1125 Sutter.
SITUATION by young man ns coachman and
gardener. Box 4179, Call office.
EXPERIENCED engineer wishes situation; go
anywhere; references. Box 3271, Call office.
BARTENDER wishes position; good apnear-
ance and well recommended. Address J. C.
- S.. 15 Hawthorne st. ..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rpoolvprt B t C-ill branch offlce. :?00 Flllmor".
FEATHER R E NOVATH»iG.
Feathpr beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
rtirlflert. Owen M/-Cah». ?7fl Mtg?'"n. w. Sth.
FLATS TO LET.
TO rent— 3 new flats, 5 to 8 rooms; 1907 Oak st,
near Cole; these flats are elegantly finished;
dining-room has beamed ceilings; rooms are
all papered: parlor is frescoed; also furniture
and carpets for sale; open for inspection 10
to 12 and 1 to 5.
NEW 8-room flat; NW cor. Golden Gate and
Seymour aves.. Just east of Devisadero st. :
the architecture, finish, 'shelter and location
cannot be equaled; sun all day; view for-
ever; open daily. ' .-^ .'1
FINE sunny flat, 24 Baker St., near Halght; 7
rooms and bath: rent reasonable to good ten-
• ant. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st.
TO rent— 2 elegant new flats on Cole St., cor.
' Oak; everything- in latest design; frescoed
ceilings: marble and tiling vestibule: rent
reasonable; also furniture and carpets for
sale; open from 10 to 12 and 1 to 5.
I NEW flat of 4 rooms, bath and laundry; latest
improvements. 349 Liberty st.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; carpets and stove
for sale. 1025 Frankilu st. -,•¦¦ _:,
[ NICE, sunny, upper fiat, 6 rooms; bath; tubs;
' , yard.- 1748 Folsom st,. near Thirteenth.- t
N ATOM A, 714— Flat of 4 sunny rooms; large
yard; cellar; no children; $10. . *';:.': ¦:.
FLATS WAISTKO. .
WANTED— Small furnished flat, three or four
rooms. Box 3308, Call office. ¦ ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
• ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. : tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard St.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price* for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. VlncentlS05 Larkln; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot caah.
CH AS. LEVY buys your • furniture, carpets,
pianos etc. 1135 Market St.: tel. JesMe 761.
KELP WA.\'1'ED FEMALE.
AT C. R. Hansen & Co.'s Phone Grant 185
' Hotel Department
3 ¦ more Southern California waitresses for
• first-class hotel, fare paid $25
2 waitresses, springs, for the 12th of June, free
fare both ways $20
2 waitresses, springs, fare paid $20
10 waitresses, commercial hotels $20
10 waitresses, city $20
Family Department
Nurse girl, who can sew Choice place
Cook, dairy ranch, fare paid.... — $25
Cook, mining town, fare paid ..$25
Cooks, house girls, second girls and nurse
girls, city and country-. • •
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary,st
A— COOK for a lumber camp; $25; see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
18 waitresses, city, country and resort hotels,
$20 and $25; 2 chambermaids, to wait, $20;
.chambermaid, $20; 2 waitresses. Salt Lake
City, $20; 2 for Colorado, $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $7 week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Help of all kinds for city and country places;
' best wages. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary at
WANTED— 2 cooks for 15 boarders, short dis-
tance in country. $35: cook for Stockton, no
wash, $30; 2 children's nurses, $20, $25; 2 sec-
ond girls, $20. $25; 3 waitresses, city and coun-
. try, hotels, $20, $22 50, $25; 8 cooks, plain wash,
$20, $25, $30, city and country; kitchen helper.
$25; 41 girls for housework in city and country,
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter at . • ¦-- -_
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
.Waitresses and chambermaids; resorts; $20.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework and
plain cooking; three In family; no washing;
$15 per month; Sunday free. Call after 9
a. m,. 301 Jones st. , .-
WANTED— Neat girl for housework and plain
cooking; wages $20; 3 in family. Apply 709}4
Buchanan st ; * '¦ ' - *' . ¦
WANTED— Stenographer in law office: state
whether or not owning typewriter, experi-
ence . and salary. Address box 3295, Call.
WANTED— Refined, educated woman of good
appearance; must be past thirty and com-
petent. Box 3306. Call. ' 1 - - ¦-'.'¦
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON.- room 412. Parrott building.
H AIRDRESS1NG thoroughly taught j in 2 wks. ;
entire course $5; positions guaranteed: big sal-
ary at start. Halrdressing College. 574 Geary.
GIRL for light housework and care of 1 child.
2707 Twenty-first, bet. Bryant and York. '
OPERATORS, buttonhole. makers and finishers
on vests. 724% Market st. rooms 26 and 27.
A MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman as maid
for .old lady ; ref s. , required. Box 32S6. Call.
WANTED— Girl for general housework:, small
family. Apply 1370 Masonic ave., near Waller.
Al' EMBROIDERY hands wanted on Bonnaz
-machine. Box 2294, , Call. ¦
FIRST-CLASS- operator on vests: $12.. Call
Friday morning, HENRY HILP, 106 Battery.
AN. experienced ' apprentice girl to* work .on
coats. Call at once 535 California st, rm. 8.
WANTED— Waitress at 217 Sixth' st.
WANTED— Girl for housework in family of
-, three at ; 2512 ' California st. . - ; - ¦: -¦¦¦',¦
WANTED— Reliable girl for ¦ cooking and dln-
. Ing- room work. . Apply 2024 Pine »t %
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11,6th; German spoken; tel.Howard,lS4G
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card-reader; la-
dies 2oc; gents 50c. 132 Sixth Ft.
FOR peace of mind see Mosmar, the great
clalr., life reader; truth only. 1152 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, jlairvoyant. card reader:
sittings dally. 44SH Je°sle Ft., bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 2-ic. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA read.-, life fluently: business
ndvlce: names given: 25c nn. 5 Fourth St.
CARPET 1 HEATTN*. AM) CLEANINtt.
WHEN you become disgusted- with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. ¦
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 23ol.
JONKS & CO., reliable carpet-cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 1061.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146. " -
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth st; _i. Ciuth 2oO.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402*Sutter st.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J E MITCHELL . Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. .Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
On'te ave : telephone Va^t 1?fl.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil- j
hlalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 41S Sutter.
' COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 9T7 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNN Y^i^roomsTTard : 7 Rincon ave.. off Sec-
i ond st. Key 623 Second st; small family
only: $10. ¦ ¦
DENTISTS.
ATtheELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $1 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filings: extractions or fillings by my
wenderful secret, painless method: 20 years-
experience : no students: advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
j A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings.
COc: plates, $T>: full set: all work painless and
j warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
! EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill te»th. make plates, gold crowns
and bridge wdrk at bedrock prices: payments.
Office 1141 Polk st.. cor. Sutter: open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filllna:: no hammering as
before: absolutely no pain: Investigate; exam -
inPtions free. Ideal Dental Co..fi Eddy.r.44&32.
PARTS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
DR R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates ?5 up:phone Polkll35.
DR. H. O. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST Trices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. "Y. Dentists,' 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
V.an VROOM — ••Painless": evening? and Sun-
days. 1C01 Market st'. corner Sixth.
SET of "teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
TOTTva. 1341 Polk St. __^^^^
j — — — — ~ — — — — - — — — — — ¦¦— ¦— " ¦— — *— ¦ »— — ¦—^—^— «
j DRESSMAKERS A\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
Pttentlrn. 121 P^ft. ove<- O'Connor Jt Mnffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand.- typing and . bookkeeping; . Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
thorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
P. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mlninc engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
ATRES 1 Business College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, ttc. ; life scholarship. $50; individual
!' Instruction: positions secured: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordar. or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .'•''" ;
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 303 Larkin St. r ">° ;
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell St.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec..minlng,mech.,eur-
vey, aspay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
j <Jer Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
• A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
I Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st' > : .--,' J .
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg., Individ, instruction: catalogue.
SHORTHAND taught by mail and personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
j Munson. School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeeping,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery, E. M. Carpenter, p»\
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merkl, 1008
Mission:- concert May 29, Union Square Hall.
SENORITA ROSARIO AGACIO. native teach-
• er of Spanish. 2303 Bush st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 ran. 1024 Mission, nr. Bth.
! EL^CTKO-TTlIJERAPUTIC-_^
Electrlc-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & - constitutional diseases.
j Drs. K. fe K.'b Electric PnnUwHii— . 8 Mason.
KMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co. ; best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. ' GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post Et; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
m ent; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 215 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farre!! St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER; first-class; perfection in fit-
ting, designing and trimming; costumes re-
modeled; latest styles; $150 per day in fam-
ilies. J. H. P., dressmaker, 1110 Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress and chambermaids
want a position In first-class country resort
,or springs. Box 3283, Call office.
AN experienced young woman would like a
few hours' housework or chamber work
every day; state wages. Box 3291, Call office.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter
and skirt maker; 'sews 65c a day and board.
M. C. Box 3309. Call office. «,
MIDDLE-AGED lady with 2 children wants
situation as housekeeper; country preferred.
Address S. S.. Station B. "
A GIRL to do light housework and plain cook-
ing. 2620 Sacramento st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook (Swedish) would like a
place in San ; Mateo or San Jose for cooking
only: wages from $35 to $40. Address Cook,
box 22S9, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to" do gen-
eral' housework . or keep house; good plain
cook ; from $12 to - $15 a month. Box 3278,
Call office. - . ¦
A -NEAT Swedish woman- wishes laundry or
work by the day.' Apply 12 Steuart st.
WANTED— By the day, work of any kind by a
competent woman; cleaning, washing or cook-
ing. Room 15. 1032 Market st.
TRAINED. nurse havii'g over 7 years' experi-
ence in hospital and private' work, wants to
take care of sick or invalid person; best of
references.- , Box 3261, Call office. : -..,-.;V/:;-.v:'
NURSERY, governess, lately, returned from
abroad; 4 years in titled family. 431 O'Far-
rell-st. . ¦'¦ ) ¦ .'.¦..'
BY refined English lady. Just arrived, as com-
panion, needle woman, pianist, - singer and
reader. : 1S23 Devisadero st. ;r ¦¦;¦'¦-:"•
'SWEDISH girl wants a position ¦ as ladles'
maid or seamstress ; city. or country.. 476 Fell.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
-and baggage to and from ferry.- .
.HELP WASTED— FE IW A LK— C«". '
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
' about 28 ' years of age for ¦ second work and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence ;¦ wages ' 525 per r month. Address P. O.
box 196. San Rafael. - . ' - . ¦ - ¦' '
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on: white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL A; MICHELS, .531
Mission st. ¦ . .
WANTED— Experienced operators and flnisli-
ers on shirts and ladies' waists. EAGLESOls
CO.. 535 Market st. ', . .
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'a
overall factory, 32% Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. '
EXPERIENCED skirt makers. LOEWEN-
THAL'S, 914 Market st
GIRLS f rorri 15 to IS years of age. Apply at
once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening. '. .
GIRLS wanted. Bookblndery. 536 Clay st
A NEAT nurseglrl who can do plain sewing;
$15. 233 Third ave.,* Richmond.
WANTED— A girl who has experience in past-
. ing. . Satchel Factory, 17th and Folsom sts.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman' to keep
house for a gentleman. Box 3281, Call. ..¦'*- ':
GIRL wanted for shooting gallery. Apply after
10 a. m.. 915 Kearny st - ,-¦¦.- . ¦ •
HAND sewers, 2 girls for fasteners anddrlv-
lng makers. BUSBY'S, 207 Sacramento st
A YOUNG girl to assist with housework; small
American family. 803 Howard Bt _.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear, also learn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission, cor. 2d.
A BRANCH office lor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been i established at 1096
Valencia st. , ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at
HIOLP WASTED MALE.
A^mmRTY^^El^DYT^?r!T??nione^a7n^848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents...".
...WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY (THURSDAY)...
50 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah..' ".$2 day
Railroad work Free Fare
Carload of laborers for S. P.-R.'K. Co.'s own
work, Santa Barbara and Los Angeles divi-
sions, free fare '....$175 to $2 25 day
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
5 rough carpenters $2 day and found
4 rough carpenters, sawmill $60 and found
• Ranch carpenter; 5 ranch blacksmiths,' dlf-
1 ferent country shops $3 50 and $3 day
3 ranch blacksmiths $49 and $52 and found
3 blacksmith helpers $2 day and $52
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS
150 laborers and teamsters.. $1 75 to $2 50 day
25 pick and shovel laborers, city
:..$175 day, $28 and found
10 laborers, quarry, $2 day.. 5 laborers.
San Mateo Co., steady job $52
5 teamsters, 40c fare .....$2 day
6 4- horse teamsters ........$35 and found
SAWMILL WORK
25 laborers for a new sawmill Co, no experi-
ence required, steady job year round, ¦wages..
..$35 to $65 and found
.MISCELLANEOUS
10 laborers, handle grain, warehouse Co.,
$2 50 day free fare
2 young men, drive butcher ¦wagon...'..
3 slaughter-house butchers.. $65 and $30 and fd
2 block butchers, $30.'... 10 machine and single
hand miners, $90 and $75.. 50 laborers, gold and
silver mines, no experience.. $35 and $40 and fd
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC
50 haymakers, run mowers, etc $1 25 to
$2 day and harvest wages
50 farmers, vineyard hands, etc. $26, $30 and $35
12 milkers, $30 and $35 9 choremen and
boys $25 and $20
Camp cook, near city ,.$45
17 cooks, city and country $35 to $50
waiters, $30 and $35 .".4 bakers, $40 and $50
25 dishwashers, kitchen hands, vegetable
men, etc., $25 and $30 3 ranch cooks, 1 $25 and
$30 Laundry help, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st ', . .'
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO..; 104 Geary st.
for new railroad work
50 teamsters ship to-night.. Truckee
50 teamsters ship to-night Truckee
100 tunnelmen, drillers and muckers. .$2, $2 50
for Chatsworth Park ship to-night
50 laborers, ballasting track. Coast road
.50 laborers, Santa Barabara & L. A. divisions
ship to-night ship to-night
10 teamsters.. .'... ship dally Uklah $2
50 laborers ship daily Uklah *2
blacksmith for mine, $3 a day; 6 laborers for
mine, $2 a day, see boss here; 10 milkers, $30;
4 farmers, near city, J25; horseshoer, railroad
camp, Truckee, $2 50 a day, free fare; buggy !
washer and harness cleaner for hotel stables. 1
country. $40 and found; 6 laborers, city, $2 ;
a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head and second cooks and dishwasher, coun-
, try hotel, $100: second cooks, broilers and fry-
ers, $75, $70, $65 and SCO; 2 pastry cooks and
baker, $60 and $50; cook, small country hotel,
$40; ranch cook, $25; shop butcher, city, $30;
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20, $25 & $30.
C. R. HANSEN & C ..104 Geary st
A BUGGY washer and harness cleaner for ho-
tel stable, country, $40 and found
C. R. HANSEN & CO...: 104 Geary 8t.
3 MEN to run mowers, $1 50 day and board; 10
farmers, $25 and $30 and $150 day; milkers.
$30 and $35; cheese, maker, $35; 2 men and
wives, $40 and $45 ; choremen, $25 and $30;
stableman, private place, $25 to $30; boy for
wholesale house, $4 week; boys for factory,
$1 day; teamsters, $1' and $1 25 day and board;
miners, carmen and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st. ¦ yj ¦'¦v:f
MAN about place, $30; groom, $30; Incubator
man, $30 and found ; man to care for poultry,
$25 and found; colored choreman, $25 and
found; header- wagon driver, $40 and found;
header- wagon loader. $35 and found; 2 men
for orchard work. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. , - .
TYPEWRITER and stenographer; young man.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st ; phone Bush 405.
50 railroad laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 per day. -
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
8 men for sawmills, free fare;
8 men for lumber camps, free fare.
6 men to make redwood ties, . lie, free fare.
4 men to make posts, $3 per 100. -
5 lumber pliers. $35 to $45 per mo. & board.
Camp cook, $35 per month.
Cook for S. P. R. R. car, $30 per month.
• 15 men for quarry, $2 per day.
Want to let a contract to cut 3000 cords of
4-foot wood, pine and oak, $1 40 per cord,
tools, provisions, etc., advanced.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. -12—
Second cook, $40; porter, $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Internationa. Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary*, telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED 1 — Experienced salesman In domestics.
Apply Friday and Saturday forenoon, be-
tween 8 and 11. HALE BROS. : -r ¦
WANTED — Stock boy from 16 . to ' 19 years of
age. Apply Friday and Saturday forenoon,
between 8 and 11. HALE BROS.
COMPOSITOR, man or. woman, competent' to
set ads and make up weekly paper; steady
work five days a week. Apply room. 27, 36
Geary st, 4 to 6 p. m., Friday.
A— WANTED— For a summer hotel,' 8 Chinese
dishwashers, $30; 2 Chinese laundrymen, $30;
fare paid. Apply at 104 Geary st. . ¦
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412, Parrott building. ¦• ¦
SAWMILL men ; a good blacksmith or engi-
neer, also millwright, wants position; refer-
ence. Address E. F. V., Berkeley, Postofflce.
EXPERIENCED retail jewelry salesman; per-
manent; state ref erences> and salary expected;
for city store, open evenings. Box 3305. Call.
FOREMAN ¦ bread bakers, second and third
" hand bread bakers, confectioners; good pay;
permanent positions. 127 Mason st
FIRST-CLASS clothing salesman; good wages
. to the ¦ right man. 407 Kearny st.
ASSISTANT cutter' for ladies'- underwear.
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st.
BOY— 16 to ' 18 years old, for office " ; must be
able to take dictation. Address Call, Box 3284.
WANTED— Boy about 16 to learn dentistry. 133
Powell st. •
WANTED— A German bartender for extra work
on Sundays. 640 Stanyan, Golden Gate Park.
WANTED — Salesman - for retail grocery store.
Box 3307. Call office. , .
DISCHARGED soldiers can earn $5 a day doing
clerical and other work.' 630 Market st. ,
TWO farm hands wanted. . ~ Apply at 1021^4
Market st. ; also 2 coal miners.
FRANK . C. . RIVERS— Send address ' imme-
diately to box 3203, Call office; - important
business requires your attention. •
VEGETABLE man wanted. • Park Hotel,' '26
Turk st. .
FOREMAN on cake;"good wages;good hours.
612 Kearny. st ,•;..*
BOOTBLACK' wanted; good wages; steady job
and found. . 1048 McAllister st.
BOY to . black boots in barber shop. Corner
. Jones and Sutter sts. ¦ .
GOOD cash boy wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 ' Market l st. .":.-- ' ' '
BARBERS— Two good' shops; compelled to eell
cheap , for cash. Box 4178, Call office.
GOOD barber ; steady Job. Apply » 725 Fourth
st, San Rafael ,-• tel. Red 15. '
BARBERS— Good 2-chalr shop,' cigar stand and
: laundry. office ;$125.Deckelman Bros., 106 Ellis.
ALL sizes men's shews, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission bt., bet. 1st and 2d »U.
: HKLl' UA STKn-Mn^-*'''" ' . .
WANTED-Recruits for the marine '«>"•. Vi
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of gooa
character, between the ages of 21 and 3-. not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not .over 6 i-eti
i Inch, able to read and »P«a* P^f^uninS
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED-Men to - learn barber t""* 6 -.^
monthly paid our graduates; two. m0 . n h t a 1 '
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply: tools presented : wage* feat
- urdays: diplomas granted; busy reason now,
call or write for our si>eci»v offer l °-« ay -
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 63j Clay st._
WANTED— 50 first-class white barbers, must
be good men, for the best shops: $14 guaranty
and steady work. Address or call at once or
telegraph JUBITZ & SAILING, barber shop.
Portland Hotel. Portland. Or. ¦ .
TWO youngr men would like to develop a farm
in one of the bay counties: willing to pay
taxes or small rental for interest Box «-«>-.
Call office. 1 - ¦ ¦
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor stm
runs Denver House." 217 Third st.; loO large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. -.
O. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
GOOD bread and cake baker wanted; no Sun-
day T.ork. Box 3264, Call. _______
MAN to solicit printing and advertising. Ap-
ply '519 Filbert _st. :_
TWO boys at Busby's Glove Factory, 207 Sac-
rnmento at. . .¦ .
BARBERS, notice— Keep away from Portland.
Or. Strike on. By order of Journeymen Bar-
bers' Union No. 148. J. R. BLEILY, Pres.
I. LESS, Secretary^ *
BARBERS, notice— All union barber shops
close Thursday, May 30. Decoration Day. at
12 noon. J. R. BLEILY. President.
I. LESS. Secretary Local Union No. 148.
STRONG boy to learn ihe trade.' Satchel Fac-
tory. Seventeenth anJ Folsom sts.
BOY to learn Job printing; must have some
experience. Box 3277, Call office.
PARTIES wanting clerical positions will do
well to call or address 100S'4 Market, rm 4.
"WANTED— First-class ladies" tailor. M. FE-
DER, 211 Post «t
SHOEMAKER wanted; good "Job for steady
man; $9 per week. ,2140 Fillmore st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
FOR SALE— Three-chair barber shop and bath.
Address H. L. JACKSON. Uklah. ¦_
McDON*LD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
ihand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third at.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to r.6c. £62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— EOO men to buy new and 2nd-hand
• army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to lenrn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEOHAUS & CO. . 115 Kearny St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room Ml.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. - ¦'-•¦''.¦' -j-- *- • ' .
HOUSES AND WAGONS;
FOR sale for 3 days— 2 standard-bred mares
and 1 gelding, 16 hands high, 5 years old, sired
by Secretary by Director. 2:17, dams by Jno.
Nelson; Re-Echo and Bismarck: sound and
gentle; broken single and double. Pedigree
and trial riven from Monarch Stables, 332
Bush st. - " ¦
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
40 YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 1100
to 1500 pounds; also 4d work mules for sale
this week at the Canty Ranch. Grayson,
Stanislaus County. Cal.
2 HORSES, $25 and $40: butcher cart. $12 50";
phaeton. $30; lady's saddle, $7 50. 21 City-
Hall ave.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FRESH cow and calf for sale at coalyard,
2910 Twenty-fourth st.
FOR sale— Nice pony; row harness and cart
. 4200 Eighteenth street, corner ColIIngwood.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
. ard st ¦ , . . ".-, ¦ ?vj ." : ':
FINE camp wagon, harness and tent for sale.
404 Jackson 'st.' ' •;>¦-'¦¦-.- ¦¦ ¦ .
ALL kinds of camping ¦wagons, buggies, surreys
¦ and carts. 1634 Mission st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN-& SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
. Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
¦ TTnlted States or Canada one year for tl.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
WALLER, 1215— Fine sunny house, 9 rooms and
bath; large grounds and good stable; rent $50;
this side of G. G. Park, near panhandle: fine
view. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
IN Oakland, well furnished corner house, con-
venient to all trains. Apply daily after 2
p. m. 932 Fourteenth st ' ¦ ,^y
- L Alt K SPUR— TO LET.
NEW 4-room cottage: large porch; furnished;
also tents and camp ground; beautiful can-
yon. Apply C. RICE or C. A. HOLM,
Larkspur, Cal.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST— Shamrock pin, surrounded with pearls,
small diamond in center; on Powell st , be-
tween O'Farrell and Market sts. or McAllis-
ter street car; liberal reward. 1156 Golden
Gate ave. ¦-
LOST— Pair opera glasses Tuesday evening, on
Eddy st, between Market and the TIvoll en-
. trance. Return to 3429 19th st. ; reward. |
LOST— On Sixth st, letter* addressed to Mrs.
W. Pillar. Finder please return to 54 Morris
ave.; receive reward.
LOST— Bunch of small keys. Kindly return to
C. A. LUCKHARDT CO.. 71 Stevenson st
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
' and Loan Society of San Francisco Jn the
name of MRS. KATE QUIRK. No. 88 355
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On Alameda narrow gauge, a purse con-
taining money, N. D. G. W. ring; liberal re-
ward. DR. MARIANA BERTOLA. 1312 Mason.
LOST— Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary at,
either in car or on street lady's brown purse,
containing $15 gold. Finder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call office, Claus
Spreckels building.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
" MATRIMONIAL. ~~*~
GENTLEMEN wlshlng^to marry wealthy ladies
-send 10c for list. MRa HERTZ. 706 Ellis at
MEDICAL. ~~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe^
male complaints relieved by - treatment su-
perior to all others; "the only t.-eatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain-
no other treatment will do thia; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market
HINDOHERB home treatment: the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever, known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea,
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs-
treat yourself: be your own doctor: 4 months'
suppository treatment. $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped- no
delays consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.' 1123
Market bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market ladies"
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; : harmless; consultation " free.
DR. and^MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market bet
¦ 6 , tl },il, 7t^r Expert s P? cl allsts-,weU known and
reliable:25 yrs experience; treatment guamt'd
togive Instant relief from all female troubles-
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free;
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in" ail female
complaints or money t returned; my regulator
never falls; topmost obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care: fee low: consult free
. : MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market. • nr. MasonJ
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 26 yr_ "
successful practice;, guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
. confinement 942 Post, bet Hyde and i Larkln!
MRS. E.. J. , WILLIAMS, removed ' from. 9S9
Howard st to 601 Jessie st. cor. Sixth. .
D __Brf£ P J_< £?**! ? pe ;j laUst: no PHI- or
¦•Mctae — w*. 1114 Devisadero •t.,"nr. Geary.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilised: uphol-
sterv- Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE KROS., 31S-320 Eleventh st;
telephone South 7S2.
MINES AXD MIXING.
WELL developed paying Alaska mines; eT-
chan?e for -property .m businesa. 3C3',-l. Turk.
MISCUlj;.*-^! l.t> KOK SALIC.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-h3nd machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 11>*>-1!»i Fremont st.
EARS back bars, mirrors, restaurant ami po-
i'ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new ami
second-hand; we always have a lar^e st ck of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfit* on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. T NOOXAN. 1017. 1019. 1C21. 1023
Mission St.. " •«¦ Sixth; write for catalogue.
.A—lo-horsepower Herrt'Phoft compound steam
launch: 30 ft. long; 7 ft. beam; In perfect or-
der- cost $."".000: price $1300. UNITED EX.
GINEERING WORKS. 256 Spear st.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
rines boiler!", water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. 'WHITELAW, 216 Spear 3t.
ANOTHER burglar-proof safe for S30O: I am
retiring from business. UXCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant ave.
A— $3 S3 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 7o. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants.' $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
FOR sale— Iron windmill, tank and frame and
pump: cheap. 1U3 San Bruno ave.. or 438
Fourth st. \
FKCON'D-HAND machinery of all kinds
boupht sold, r-nted and exchanged. _. S.
WHITE. SIS Mls"»ion at.
FOR sale cheap — Columbia bicycle: cor.star
brake: good aa new. BAI1/EV. 217 Ivy ave
FAIRBANK'S 10- ton hay scale: jeweler's stesj
lined safe, perfect order. 21S 'Tsliforr.ia st.
$48. 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit, new; $32 50. io»
Montgomery at.
' 30 H. P. steam eneine, stationary; 3 II. P.
gasoline engine, marine. 85 Fremont st.
GAPOLTNE engines. 2<1-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and gold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
NEW steel safe for sale. 2 ft. 3 in. by 2 ft. 4~
in. Apply H. F. STOLZ. 510-512 Castro st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
HFADQUARTERS for trunks, bags- and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellis at.
FIRST-CLASS second-band modern engines anit
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay biff pricea for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2rl hand moving pic-
tures. BT7LLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
EVGINES and boilers: second-hand maoainery.
J. BURKE. 13D Beale st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand : all sizes. THIS
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
WANTED A second-hand Remingrton-Shol?<»
typewriter; must be in first-class order anil
cheap for cash.' Rdo~ . 41S Parrott building.
TILTOV wants good second-hand clothing an.l
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 25~.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright ciano or organ for
r) ,. h tt. T.. ~prr— — t? j>r> 17ns Mm-y^t «t.
SktOtKX TO LOA.\.
A^MONEY to loan at rates which people caa
aKord to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will Io3»
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms » and 10, 906 Marke. at.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN".
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d. and 3U mort-
gages, undivided interest real estate in pro-
bate ; " mortgages and legacies bought ; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business ei3t-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. i
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obts In
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at lo.»«
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. US Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
ALL persons having pledges with UXCLV?
- HARRIS.- 15 Grant ave.. are hereby notin^l
! to- redeem them, as he retires from business
on the 1st of June next.
LOWEST rates on » furniture, etc., by private
party: no removal; no- commission; confiden-
tial. Eoom 3. Conservatory bldg.. 'ttl Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room M.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. L
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Califnia.
LOANS money on salary; no indorsar: Eastern
plan. "Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate: strictly private. Lick. 115 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages : no lndorser required. 8.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. H3 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome st, room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried peoole on note without
indorser. MOR.RELL. S09 'Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED.
MONEY "WANTED -— *
$40,000; stock in industrial company paying
dividends as security for $15,000; 6 per cent.
West Coast Investment .Company, Phelaa
building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A MODERN piano factory is at yonr disposal
i to have your piano thoroughly overhauled
by first-class workmen in every department;
you can have it repaired ¦while you are away
¦for the summer, tuned, tone regulated, r-ol-
ished and delivered to you on your return;
you pay no more to have it repaired tn tha
factory than you would have in some small
. shop, and have the advantage of skilled
men in every department: we invite you to
inspect the factory. BYRON MAUZY, 308-
310-312 Post st., sole agent. Sohmer, Byron
Mauzy, Gabler, Hamilton & Spielm ana
pianos.
THE best thing we can say of our ereat cash
piano sale. is that it has been the most suc-
cessful one we have ' ever held. There »r»
only five more days in this month, therefore
you must not delay If you want to set the
benefit of the very low prices we are now
offering; Just think of. cutting a nriee right
In two: that's what we are doing in thia
sale. We - will arrange to meet you in the
evening if you are not able to come tn th«»
daytime. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., .769 Market at.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $631 2 Chickerings - (like
1 Heine baby grand new) $200
(like new) $325 1 Hallet-DavlSw...$4C3
1 Stelnway $15>5l 2 Helnes $315 up
And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. -Agents for fa-
mous Hallet-Davla-Helne. etc.; agents want-
ed: live salesman wanted; big salary right
man. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $* per
month ; some good * Pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
- Steinway dealers, comer . Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oa k land.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st to our larg<» and elegant quarters
314 Post st. opposite Union square. Are no-
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old «tock at greatly reduced price*
JAS.. KE~P7K. 314. Post st. between Stock-
ton and Powell. .
ANY piano soH by u» taken back anv time
withir. 3 years anJ full purchase price al-
lowed on a new r>e»r!e»9 Kr.abe at regular
price; costs you only 2«V a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLF.Ti & CH\SE 30
O'Farrell st: established ls'O.
A LIST of fine second-hand hargains-rl Em »r-
*on. 1 Hall»t & Davis. 1 Conover 1 Curtaz' 1
Pt»rling. S73, S125. $US. »tf. ; easV payments.
BENJ. ¦ CURTAZ & SON ]g O'Farrell *t
Chlckerin*. Vose. Sterling Agency: also
Apollo, king of self-players.
FINE standard upright j>i?»no: also paintings;
sacrifice; leaving city. 73S O'Farrell st.
AN upricht r>lano: must be sold: owner leav-
. Ing. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
CLOSING o"t stock of pianos: prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood b!dg.
IWIIwiO £l"nos the mest popular. -WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
CLRTAZ PIANO CO.. £60 Kayes st.
$117-MAHOGANY case Fischer upright n7
Geary st. room 38.
TtrsiNESS CriAXCRR. — roT»tiTin'«-il.
FOR sale— $3000; old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothous?, etc., boiler, horse",
wagons, planls and trees of all descriptions:
established many years and doing a money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SOX. 600 Halght st.
THE leading millinery store in the most flour-
irhlng interior city of California: established
: over 7 years: will sell tlxtures. with or with-
out stock.; Apply 26 O'Farrell St.. room 17-_
IF you are getting only 3 per cent for you»
money call upon us; our securities pay 5 tr>
6 per- cent. West Coast Investment Co., Phe-
lan building. t"; -.»¦¦:- - _- ¦.._, ,_¦¦.'
DENTAL office, well advertised, rioing a busi-
ness of $600 a month; this is a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 41144. Call
office. .
FOR sale — Good-paying saloon: best location:
low rent; going away. Box 3226. Call office.
WANT to buy good shoemaking business cheap.
Address box 3257. Call office.
MAN with $300 to join party to work placer
clal— at Care Nome. Box 2433. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAL»5.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS. ;
14 rooms; fine sunny corner $ 700
11 rooms on Sixth st; rent $30 425
82 rooms on Market st 2.'h)0
20-room house on Turk st 1.200
R5 rooms; rent $150: clears $500 ...'.. 2.500
2fi rooms on Kearny St.: clears $100 1.600
45-room house; clears $150 2,000
16 rooms on Sixth st 750
300 rooms; corner: clears $500 ;.... 7,000
16 rooms: new and clears $100 1.400
30-room house (transient) 2,300
15 rooms on Mission st 730
100 OTHER HOUSES FROM $100 TO $10,000.
GIVE ME A CALL— I CAN SUIT YOU.
EVERY HOUSE I SELL CAN BE PAID
FOR AT THE RATE OF $10 PER MONTH.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. 5th. .
MARION GRIFFIN.... The Real Estate Agent,
719 Market St., rooms 1 and 2. by Call bldg.
Houses of 20 rooms are in big demand.
Here is part of my list
20 r.. Grant $1805 20 r., Ellis $1600
20 r., Jessie 700 20 r.. Market 1000
20 r.. Mission lOOu M r., Seventh .... 1500
20 r.. O'Farrell.... 3000 20 r.. Geary 1400
?0 r. t Market 850 20 r.. O'Farrell ... 1351
20 r., Eddy 1400 20 r.. Kearny 1600
20 r., Mason 250C 20 r.. Gear}- ...... 20C0
20 r.. Turk 1000 20 r.. Fifth 1000
I am agent for sale of 471 rooming houses.
Please call for list of any size or price.
I have money to loan on any house I sell.
If you ¦want to sell your house, phone me.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3. .•-'.';-•"'•.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to eell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prWvs. See 1'st of hargal"«.
ES-room hotel; rent $125; fine business.... $4000
20 rooms; rent 75: newly renovated 1200
14 rooms; hardwood finish: income $120.. 700
12 rooms; rent $40; sunny; good furn.... 550
20 rooms; cor.; cheap rent; good trans't. 1000
39 rooms; rent $60; good furn. ; clears $70. 1000
18 rooms; cor.; sunny: pays well 9')0
8 rooms; rent tVi: 6 furnished 200
12 room; California St.; rent $30: apart-
ments; oak and mahogany furn; lirst-
class roomers 800 ;
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN. .
S rooms; lovely corner: new furniture.. $350 j
"10 rooms; Van Ness; cost $1400; to-day.. 100"
20 rms.; downtown; nr. Market: rent $75. 1200 |
35 rooms; big money-maker: Al value.. 2000 i
118 r. modern house; good cor.: make offer.
Hundreds to- choose from .$100 to $100,003
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for Jt
in monthly payments
from th» profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SjO Market.
WINSTON & WOLF.
10C6 Market ft.
21 rooms: part cash: central $1200
32 rooms: rent $40: clears $100 12D0 |
•42 rooms: cheap rent: clears $100 2000 ,
35 rooms; rent $80: reduced to R00 i
20 rooms, corner, only COO •
FISHER & CO.. 9"5 Market st, opp. Mason.
i 37 rooms, price $800: 35 rooms, price $14 p 0.
24 rooms, price JirTO; 32 rooms, price S5T.0.
26 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, prica $."25.
S rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, $3C0.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
9 ROOMS en Minna st: price .«2r>0.
14 rooms on Taylor st. : nrice S7C0.
9 rooms on Sixth st. : rrice J450.
19 rooms on Grunt live.: nrice $1500.
Eureka Real Estate, 28 Sixth st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging-houses.
SNAP— 2S-room house, all full; good reason for
selling; rent $60. 420 Sixth Et.
PARTIES wishing, to purchase lodging-houses :
at reasonable pries call lOCS 1^ Market, r. 4. j
LOrvGIXG-HOUSES TO LET. j
WANTED, at one? — Good tenants for 4 new 100-
room houses. SPECK & CO.. 6S7 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsCjT'jT WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader: exam-
ines ore; oil- locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
! uso of knife. 1164 OTarrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
st. car: sit. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELE.R. .medium, will read your life
correctly; circles Tuesday, Thursday and Sat-
i urday evenings; readings daily 1 to 4: ladies
I 50c, gents $1. 305 Larkln st, fourth floor,
rooms 87 and 88. j
MRS. EBERHARDT'S test meeting to-night, J
10c. 3250 Twenty-second Ft, between Mission
and Valencia sts., phone Blue 954.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larklr.
st ; tel. Howard 2711 : hours 10 a. m. to C p. ra
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak-Circle TuesdajTand
Friday. 8 p. m. ; AVednesday, 2:30, 10c; read-
ing daily, 50c. - " - — - -
: MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAH'ster: 10c; come skeptics.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night: see and talk !
with spirit friends. ARNOLD-DICKSON.148 6th
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 117 Taylor
st. room 14.
MRS. LESTER. 148 t^xth. rm. 11; dr. every
eve., 10c; except devtl. cir., Friday eVe., 25c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
RAYMOND, boy medium, grand trumpet se- I
ance to-night: tests to all. 509 Gough st. - j
Mrs. Gtllineham. hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed., I
Fri.. 10c. 305 Larkln. Wed.. Sat.Oakld. 532 22d. j
EARLE. 622 Geary St.. telephone Polk 1297— i
Readings dally: seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN, business and test me-
dium; clairvoyant: card reader. 715 Post st.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 117 Taylor
St., room 14.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 136 West Mission st.
nr. 13th— Circle Sun. »»vf.. 2Sc : sittings dally.
clairvoyants. ~~ "~™
mme."mTbernard! '. ~~
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads yevr life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
BROESKE BROESKE .BROESKE
The well-known psychic and scientific
palmist; gives advice on all. affairs of life;
reads your entire life — past, present and fu-
ture: your character, talents, abilities,
health, etc.; gives advices in regard to pro-
fession-, love affairs, business, speculations,
etc.; scientific palmistry taught; oral palm-
istry; readings $1; perfect satisfaction by
¦ mall. Send stamp for circular, 203 Turk st
ARRIVED ARRIVED
MADAM MONTAGUE
Clairvoyant and' palmist. Are you anxious
concerning your future, love, marriage,
money, business. ' employment, health, etc. ?
Consult Madam Montague a* once; holy power
and advice await you; .she gives name.*
'facts and dates; perfect satisfaction by mall;
hours 10 a. m.,' 8 p. m. 13S2 Market, op. 7th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, 1e permanently located at 120ft Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; fend stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the preat clairvoyant tells
past and future: never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife: 25c up: satisfaction to every-
body: cure diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents II palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
pnlmlst. permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. nv
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of 'human destiny; never
fails; readings. 50c. 1203 Miss'on Bt., corner 8th.
MME. SANDERS. 38 McAllister st. medium
- and palmist; teaches : mind • telegraphy and
gives advice on all business: hours 12 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm-
iKt; has second sight; wonderful prophetess;
names given: 1. 60c;'g. $1. 1203 Market, cor.8th.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium. 25c up. 472 Stevenson st. cor. 6th.
SAX K RAX^'SCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Snn Francisco
Tsll. corner of Market and Third streets: open
trttl 12 o'clock even' night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
cc — — Clay: open until 9:30 o. m.
rro Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
II— McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m .
ris Lnrkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
IW1 Mission street: open until 10 P. m.
>*il Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until S r. m.
JC6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
10JS Valencia street; open until 9 p.. m. _
Nortnwett corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
T~« Fillm ore street: open until 9_p_~___ >
MKE TIXGyo~^~g___
li ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery ,•£_
No 16. K. T.. 625 Sutter st-Offlcers ~ttSjr
and members are hereby notified to as- Kyfl
eemble in full uniform at the asylum ~ 7
to-<!ay at 1:45 o'clock for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late
frater SIR ARCH COOMBS HART. •
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. ¦
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ¦
M.— No meeting to-nizht. but to-xnor- _J\_
row. Look for notice FRIDAY MORN'- TCJT
ING. " '"^
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. «
M.- Special mating THIS (THURS- Jl,
DAY) EVENING, at 7 r>'clock. Third J^X
degree. Master Masons cordially in- ' ~ r .
vited. tiy order of tlie W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretai y
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. *
M. — Special meeting THIS DAY _A,
May 30. at 2 p. m ..
for the purpose of conducting the fu- '^f
r.eral of our deceased brother. JOHN N. E.
WILSON, late a member of Marln Lodge No.
Ul. Funeral committees please take notice.
By order of the W. M.
H. J. .OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A, M. ¦
i Officers and members are hereby no- _*%_
tified to attend the funeral of our itJ^
.'-ceased brother, ARCH COOMB "^
HART from the hall of this lodge. THIS
• THURSDAT) AFTERNOON at 1:30 o'clock.
Ty order of the \V. M.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
6<>fTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
2ir F. and A. M.. meets THIS ~m%l—
.THfRSDAD EVENING. at 7:30 T&JX
o'clock, for 'hinl degree. Master Ma- ' ~^
eons are cordially invited. By order cf the
master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Fidel- xi___88£>'
ity Ledge No. 222. I. O. O. F.. g^^^gSr
are requested to assemble at Mis-
slon Masnnic Temple, 2628 Mission ¦''"'
• st.. May 30. at 1:45 p. m., to take part in
funerel obsequies of our late Brother A. C. .
HART. By order of N. G.
C. L. ZIEGLER. R. S.
THE Caledonian Club will hold it* v K£ >b
thirty-fifth annual gathering and A WV.'J
r«rne« at Shell Mound Park on __J__*
THURSDAY. M«v 30. The best
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prizes. Over $2300 will be distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing ud to i
p. m. Bagpipers for platform and fancy
opneing. Over forty events on programme '
ret one. A Highland welcome with a full
rfav-of pleasure to all. Puy round-trip ferry
tickets for Shell Mound Park. Admission to
' grounds, adults. o0c; children. 25<*.
COMMITTEE.
AGEVTS WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS solicitors, $2 50 to $10 per day:
only active workers need apply. Call at room
418. rarrott Bldg.
AGEXTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to fell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
BIDE LINE for salesman. Address Box 3302,
Call office.
A5FHALTCM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTOUXKYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery st, S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S.' CLARK. Emma Spreckels bKjr.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft: consultation free: no fee* in advance.
BATHS.
YOUR kitchen stove will yield boiling hot
water for baths by using LANE'S new gal- ¦
vanized pipe system; ring up Main 315; con- {
suUatlon free. ¦ I
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
2 On 3 children to board, week or month: best
f»n-jurnv y»ird:nr.school:— asonable.lfi07 Cal.
IILSIM2SS CHANCES.
A^-JFOft; REST~AURAXT~a^d~eoffee~sa7oon~on
Geary St.; rent $40; first-class business, clear-
ing about $150 a month. Call R. G. WILKE.
264 Kearny «t. ¦> .
A— $600; PARTNER wanted in restaurant and
coffee salcon clearing about $250 per month:
choicest location near the Presidio: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny gt
A— $CO0; RESTAURANT; rent $30; location
close to Kearny st. ; 4 living rooms; good
business. Particulars. R. G. WILKE, 26&
Kearny st » « '
A— J6C0; PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; a rare chance for right party, as
there is money in sight. Call R. G. WILKE,
265 Kearny st.
A— $4C0; BRANCH bakery with nicely fur^
nished room; rent $12; dally receipts $10; lo-
cation Polk Ft Call R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny st.
A RARE chance; price $1900; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per
month: rent $15; stock will invoice price;
location can't be beat. Call R. G. WILKE.
26>4 Kearny st_
A— $750; SALOON: no better located place in
this city; rent $30; place clears easily $150
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $2000: BOARDING and livery stable; West-
ern Addition; net rent $18: clearing above $150
per month; large patronage; stock of bug-
gies, horses and harness first-class. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny St.
A— $850: CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living
rooms; established years; rent $20: location
cant't be beat and the business is first-class.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— CANDY store In Western Addition.... $350
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition 500
Saloon in business district 450j
Saloon near beach. $400; saloon and lodg-
ing-house goo
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market st 2000
Merchandise business in good town... 1200
Corner grocery and bar. from $400 up'to.. 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy stores, in all parts of city, from $150
up. EITEL & CO.. 10Z2 Market st
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars,
300 candy and icecream stores, 500 restaurants.
SCO stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want co buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st
FOR private sale— Some of best saloons tn city.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st
$250— CORNER grocery and bar; established 20
years; bargain, on account of other, business.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market at
$100— PARTNER wanted; commission business.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V4 Market st. f
A— CANDY • STORE and ice cream parlors;
next to large public school; finely furnish-
ed and fully equipped with all the latest
appliances; cash buFiness; bargain; come
quick. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
A— tlOCO: BAKERY: near city: living rooms;
receipts $25 day: bargain. STRAND & KAI-
8ER. 209 Kearny st
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt.
FOR SALE— A smajl well~establTshed~ hair
store: rent cheap; good stand for millinery
and fancy work; stamping outfit, with ln-
structions. 2207^ Mission, bet. 18th and 19th.
A-$19n : RESTAURANT clearing $75 montlTor
no sale: cheap rent; living rooms; good place
for man and wife. 496 Fourth st.
AA— J4C0; GRAND opportunity for lady or gent,
location perfect: cigars, periodicals notions.
Waiting-room. 22d-ave. station. E. Oakland.
GROCERY and bar location for rent In Bak-
ersfleld. Call to-day, SOti Market St., room 8.
SPLENDID large place for laundry: good well-
some tools: low rent 31S Eleventh st
$160— PARTNER wanted; saloon. 640 Commer-
cial et., second door from Kearny; rent $20.
$250— RESTAURANT and oyster house; on ac-
count leaving for Europe. 846 Valencia st !
HAY. coal yard and stable to let: rent very ;
low; well established business. 1229 Fell st.
FOR sale — Cigar store with olubroom attached.
Inquire 2832 Greenwich Bt. Pr.esidlo.
$100 — PARTNER In coffee and chop house. Box
32S2. Call office. ,-
CCr~EE and lunchhouse for sale on account of
' sickness; price J£0. 245 Fifth st.
A —hole building to lease; 15 Grant ave. ; fine
location: suitable any bustners; rear entrance.
BRANCH bakery and store; good placeLATE SHIPPING Iin:ELLIGKN"CE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 29.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, 29 days from
Hongkong:, 18 days from Yokohama and 6 days
15 hours from Honolulu.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 35 hours from Eu
reka. ' .
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 49% hours from Port-'
land, via Astoria 40*4 hours. • - -. ' .
Schr Glen, Neleon, 5 days from Coos Bay.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 29— Bktn
John Smith, hence May 16.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 29 — Stmr
Rhynland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool. .
GIBRALTAR— Passed . May 23— Stmr Kara
mania, from Marseilles. Genoa, Leghorn and
Naples, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 29— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York.
BROWHEAD— Passed May 29— Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Liverpool.
Traveling Man IMsappears.
LOS ANGELES, May 29.— James | A.
Clark, travellngr salesman for Hay wood
Brothers and the , Wakefield Furniture
Company of this city, has disappeared.
He left home two weeks. asro for one of
his regular trips through the San Jdaquin
Valley and has not been ' seen ; 6r heard
from since. His wife and child aie at
their home on "Wall street, and at Mrs.
Clark's request, the police department has
telegraphed descriptions of Clark to all
the places he expected to visit, with the
object of obtaining some trace of him. It
is said that.-his standing with; his employ
ers was excellent and his home relations
pleasant. ¦ Foul play is feared.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
S.
. GRAND HOTEL.. .':
A W Stuart,' Portland F "W Bancroft, Stanfd
C M Stiles, Oregon M T Hartnett, Salinas
S Leonard, San Jose OH Masten, Alameda
A H Schnabel, Cal O G Janes, Stanford
L Hurd, Cal .-¦• C T Mainwaring-, Cal
J Baker. Stockton R N Park, Stanford
C "V Ralney, Atlanta Miss A Parker, Stkton
C G Harris, Atlanta ; Mrs W R Johnson &
A N Kendrick, Atlanta sister, Stockton
R R Reid, Atlanta H P Sleber, Marysville
"W F Holt, Atlanta J B Robinson,' Sacto
R P Ruff, Atlanta Mrs C Marvin, Mead-
G W Pond. Bkrsfleld ville
Dr F E Taggart, Car MS Fruln, Cal
C M Beckwlth, Sacto J Beures, Sonoma
,D S Dean, Boston . F A Aldeman-- & w,
,C S-Rahn, Pa ; 'Santa Clara
L G Brown, Cal J B Cooper, Hot Sprga
Mr Pacheco & w. Cal M Wolf, NY '
S Leonard, San Jose L Kahn, N Y
I L Compton & w, . Cal G W Peltier & w, Sact
N O Hultbers, Cal Mrs A Machonrickd,
C Hultberg. Cal ' Boston
Mrs E S Hartnell, Cal Miss M Graff, Cal !
Miss E Cordes, Cal P Wlckham, Crockett
H Albery, Colusa M E Dalley, S Jose.
C Wadham, Monterey C Walden, Cal
S C Shale, S Cruz A W Stuart, Crtland
Mrs L B Park, Cal J B Coe, Portland
Miss Baum, Stanford R Bowanbrough, Cal
Mrs Elliott, Stanford K F Cooper, Stanford
Mies Atkinson, Stanfrd TV H Taylor, Atlanta
E'A Gilbert, Sacto A L Dicken, Atlanta
A C Morrison, James- Miss G Barneberg, Cal
town •; ¦ Mies Hale, Stanford ¦ ,
G W Stephens, Ohio F B Webster, Mass
J S Plumrey, Chgro P- M Rooney, Cal
G G Byrne, S Cruz J M Peart & w, Cal
C M Hill, Stanford J T Bradley. Merced
L K Baldwin, Stanford C T Stephens. Stanford
li-i_ PALACE HOTEL>\ .:.
C A Kilham, Boston R O Miller,' Mich
W J Payne & wf, Va J Van Dermetken, Cal
F Li Levinsky. Stock 1 n F H Kraus & W. Chgo
H D Gatnes, NY B F Bretherton, N Y
C Dunphey, Mlllbrae ¦ A R Diamond. Maine
C P Brastaw. Cal C B Duwers, Los Ang
: C D Wright, San Jose R E Jack, Cal.
C Henne, Los Angeles T H Yost.- Stanford
F D Lerry, NY C L Bell, Ireland
W W Cheney, Chgo Miss Rucker. Philadel
J G Cheney, Chgo G P Brown. Fall River
W A Fruhllngr, Los A Miss Brown,- Fall Riv
Mrs. W T Hicks, N Y Miss Davis, Fall River
Miss L Dingeley. Cal C G Britten, Menlo Pk
T Flint & w, San. Juan. .E B Colby, New York
Mrs. Byluej~.-Canton.-QT Derby, New Alma'n
A H Russell, U S A V F Appel, Boston
J-K Wainwright & w, Mrs. C Marrase. Pa.
¦ Philadelphia • FA Umsted & w. Pa
H J Small, Sacto _ . W -B Bishop. .Plttsbrg
Miss M B Small. "Cal L. Nickell, Colorado
G B Bradshaw, U S N AB Cohn, St. Joe. Mo
W S Turner & family. G M Pattern, NY .
New- York. !'.. 'Dr. WH Murphy, Cal
W J Whyte, Canada '; R D H ! Vroom, N Y
. ' - • NEW WESTERN HOTEL. .
A" Smith, LVgas, NM J'Muroy, .Ingleslde \
J Johnson. N Y . J H' Pierce, Cinclnnat
W H Brown, Texas J ' Viner.v Oakland
C B Winter, Texas. J E Georse, Missouri
A J Klamt, Stanford J Brown, Boston
G L Collins, Ferndale E Nilsen, KansCity
J M Hoff, Ferndale N Holloway t Tucson
'A Buckne, Snta Rosa V Lamb, St Louis
F J Hiley. ¦ Benicia N F Early. Tucson
THE SAN FRANCISCO P CALL, THURSDAY, MAYV 30, 1901.
11
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains Intir nml nr* «lut> to nrrlv* »*
MAN riCAK«:iM4!O.
- . (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leavk . — Fbom Mat 28. 1901. — arihtb
¦:30 k Bentria, Sulaun, Elmira, Vacatille,
Ruiuaey and «aer»uiento 7:33p
7:3OA IteTis, Woodland. Knight* Landing,
>1*rys»i!le, Uro»illo.. 7:3*r
7:30a AUantic Kxpresa-Ogtlen and Kast 12:»3r
S:OU a Martinez, Sau Itanion, Vallejo. Napa.
Catiatoga and Sauta ltosa «:33f
. 8:OO A Nile*. Lathrop. Stockton 1491
8:«0a Niles, Msndota, Fresno, Hanford.
Viailia, ForterrtUe 4:33»
S:3t> a Shxita Express— Davis, Williams (for
« Bartlett Springs). Willow*. Bed
Bluff. Portland... " 7j5»»
ai!ti»A Sau Jose. Iiivennore, Htocktou.
lone, Hacrameuto. Placerville,
Muystille, Oblco. lCe<l IClutT 4:23r
¦:30 a Oak dale, Chinese (YosemlSe).. 80-
" . : . nora. Carters. 4:25*
. BtOOA Hay ward. Miles and Way Stations.. 1 1 :33a
SiOVa Los Angeles .Express — Martinez. .
. Tracy, Lathrop, Mtocktou, Merced
1 -¦ ' Fresno and Los Angeles ,<.. 7:23*
•iSOa .Vallejo. Alarliuez amt Way Stations . B:33p
1O:OJ»a Ths OTerlsnd Umited— Ogdeu, Den*
var, Omaha. Chicago 6:S3r
tl:OOp Sacramento Ki»er Steamers t 3:O **
8:3»p Uaymrd. Nilfs and Way Station*.. 7<33r
4io»r Beuicia. Winters. Baeratuento,
Woodland. Knights <l«udius.
MitrySTille. Orotill* 10:33a
4:OOp Martinez. Sail lUiiinn. Yallejo,
' - Naii*. t.'iiliMloKii. Mnota Uona.. .... •>3.1*
4:OOp Jfi'.es, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodi... 12*25?
4:«or Hayward. Nlles. Man June. LiTtrtnoro t »'•"***
4t3Op Port CoB-a, Tracy, Lathron. Stockton 1o:25a
S:OOp Tile Owl . Umited— Fiesuu, Tulare,
BakersQeld. Naugus for Santa Bar.
bara, Los Angeles ,' S:33a
3:OOp Martinfz, Antioch, Stockton, Mer- ¦
ced, Fresno 1»:*3»
3:»np Tosemite 12i2«5»
. SxSOrKew Orleans Expreos— Mendota,. _..
Fresno, Baker jSeld, Los Angeles,
Doming, Ei Paso, New Orleans
and East ?i39,& -
•:OOp Hayward, Nilen »ud San Jose 7:33a
tOiOOr Vallejo 11:531
«iO« r Oriental Mail-Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago 12:33*
0:00 p Orieotal Mall— Ogdan, Denver. -'
. ' ' • Omaha, Chicaga •i.-aSp
7<0Op Oregon and California Kxnraaa,Hae>
rainentii, Marysville, HeiMtng, . -
Portland. Pnget .Mound and Kast B<35a.
¦to.ip Ban Pablo. P»rt C'oata, Martinez -
.' •- ¦ and Waj SUtions IIiSSa
t8;03p Vallejo 7ril3>
COAST LINE (Marrow tlange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
l?:13 A Santa Crnz Excursion to Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Sutions... ."... JS:03»
St 13a Newark, CeiiterTiiIe,Hau.)ose,Fi!lton,
Boulder Creek, San ta Crnz and Way
.Stations Bi5»»
t»>IBp Newark CenteiTiUv. Sail Jose. New
Almatien, Folton, lloolder Creek,
Santa Ciaz and Principal Way
' Stations tl««»«>*.
«i!3p Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos { ji®Sot
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnm S1H msCISM— not .r Harkil Strut (Sli* %)— .
t7:15 9:00 ll:00i.u. 1:03 3:03 B:13r.M.
FramOHUBD— T**\ ttituiwtj.— tO-.OO J3:00 t3:03
10:00a.m. . I2:C0 8:00 4:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Itroail flaage). .
. . (Third mid Toxmseiut 31a.) ...
OtIUA San Jose and Way .Stations. ««30p
t7:0O A Han Joae and Way SUtlous 'liSOy
t7:Ht>A Sunday Excursion for San Jcie.
SanU Cruz. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations {S:30v
B:OOa Han Juae. Tres PIni». Hnntii Crux.
' ' - ¦ ¦ • Paetlia ({n»c, halinas. San Lnis
! Oblapo and Principal intermedUta
- BUtlnns 4i10t
10:30a San Jcse and Way SUtions. 7:3»r>
/I«:3ua New Alinadeii....: / 3:80r
lltUOA Sail Joaemi.l Way MUtious SiSOaT
f2: l»p Sau Mateo, Uedwood. Menlo Park.
Talo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .lose. '
Tres Pinos, Santa Crux, Salinas,
Monterey and 1'acillc Grufe 1IA:43A
»:SOp San Joae and Way XU Lions 6:3Oa
t-l:ISr San Joaeand Principal Way .Stations »:-»»a
|3:00pSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
WaySUUons fO:OOA
3t3Or San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8(33.4
OiOOp Redwoid, Han Josn. Gilri'j. Sallcas,
- - Santa Barbara. L<w Asgeles 1O:03a
OiOOp Del Monte, Monterey. Paaflc Gioto, - -*»-••
Loajpoo... 1O:O3a
«:.1Or San Jose and WayS tatlous |X:AOa.
«H»43p San Jose and Way -Stations. ........ 7:3Uy .
. A for Morning. ' P for Afternoon.
¦ t . Sunday exceptod. . t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. ~ /Tuesdajs and Fridays. -
Just a little belter
than any other tram
.' . —a little better service— -
a more homelike
feeling on thit
CALIFORNIA
i iiiiTrn
LIMITED
than you find elsewhere,
and it runs like this
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO
' 9 an Mon Tues Wad Tbur Fri Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Ron Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
ON THE
SANTA FE
Cheap Rates
'East via ¦ |
Santa Fe
,- The places, the rates for the
round trip and the dates of sale
are below. The other details can
be had of the Santa Fe Agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
June 3, 4; July 3, 4; Aug. 22,
23; Sept. 5, 6. •
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 3 and 4.
CINCINNATI, $76.50
. June 30 and July I.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
. Sept. 5 and 6.
'COLORADO SPRINGS, $55
July 8 and 9.
DETROIT, $82.25
July I and 2.
KANSAS CITY, $60.00
June 3 and 4.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
Aug. 20 and 21.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
ST. PAUL, $67.90
June 3 and 4.
' The best service and the pleasantest
way is furnished by the '
Santa Fe
641 MARKET ST.
KRAI, ESTATE COUNTRY For Snlo
t J2500— 100 ACRES of land, well .improved; 10
u acres of vineyard and 1 acre of an orchard;
0 10 acres of grain land and rest good pasture;
situated between Campo Reco and Valley
Sprinpsv Calaveras County. Address G
i. MASKUS, Campo Seco P. O.
- BUY In Kapa County; no droughts, no irrlga-
j tion. no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Xana County VltlcuHarist." The W
~ A. MACKIXDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
. RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
• and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
- UARIOX GRIFFIN. near~E's"ta"te A E ent. 719
Market Ft., by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
ll scribing farms for sale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
. free ligt. C. R. WTIs-FIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
! SAl'SALITO REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or for rent— $3850; Just completed- S-
room residence In the choicest part for view
and sunshine: every convenience; strlctly
1 *£ I n and bullt by day w <>rk; $400 cash. $30
the first month; payments increasing each
J?-S n T th J f desire d: lot 66x120 feet. DR.CRUMP-
TOX. Sausalito. or ALBERT WILFORD. 3003
Jackson St.. S. F.. from 12 to 5.
• ALAMEDA ADY£gTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
r SPECIAL THIS WEEK. ''¦"''•
! S >2 1 < 5r Modern 2-story house of 9 rooms; lot
« j 3Sxl.O; near Bay and Morton st. stations;
terms to cult. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
Bay station. Alameda.
[ FOR SALE— $1500: new modern cottage 5
rooms, bath and basement; lot 33x100; $200
cash, balance $20 per month. J. H. YOUNG,
builder. 1243 Park st.
¦ BERKELEUDYERTISEMENTS
! nEBKELEY HEAL. ESTATE.
. TRADE for city property; a beautlfuT'home]
. 2-story house; large grounds; fruit trees;
» barn; chicken houses; on main street to uni-
s yerslty; this property Is clear; will exchange
I for city property and pay cash difference.
Address H. PLODM.
A bargain; new cottage, 4 rooms, bath,
« pantry, stationary tubs brick foundation; high
basement; a block to electric cars and station:
price $1400; only $100 cash, balance same as
rent; $15 monthly.
New cottage of 5 rooms, bath pantry, bay-
. window; one block to railroad station, street
¦ ? a - ri L and stores : P r lce nS00; $150 cash, balance
$li oO monthly.
Snap; cottape of 5 rooms, bath, high base-
ment, brick foundation, stationary tubs; large
lot; fruit trees, windmill and tank; well-
• kept grounds; good 'location; 'price $1650-
terms; $250 cash, $15 monthly.
Take Berkeley train and get off at Lorln
station; office west side of railroad track.
Open Sundays.
. RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
frItyale advertisements
FRUITVALB REAL. ESTATE.
CHEAP— Modern 5-rocm cottage; large lot;
connected with sewer; east front; near sta-
tion and school; J20 month; Interest 7 per cent
P. H. BLAKE. K. 14th St.. Frultvale P. O.
Ml^VM^Y REAL ESTATE.
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY. "~~~*
Formerly Known as
The Wormonth Tract,
Now to Be Called
* Sunnyslde Tract.
This beautiful tract, consisting of over 40
acres. Is now being subdivided into lots and
will be Immediately placed upon the market
for sale. Streets will be graded, macadamized
and sewered. The California Title Insurance
and Trust Company of San Francisco will
issue an Insurance policy for every lot sold
guaranteeing title.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$150 CASH, $6 monthly— Cottage of 3 rooms,
hard finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a fine
home for a small family or bachelor, where
peace and quiet reign; near a fine school,
electric cars, church and townhall; 100 fam-
- illes located within 3 rears; soil, climate and'
view the very best; good neighbors and pleas-,
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price In all $425, to make speedy saile; see this
at once. Call or send for circular. 455 Sev-
enth St., opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$2500— EASTLAKE cottage. 8 rooms; high base-
ment; sunny side; in the heart of town: easy
terms. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broad-
way, Oakland.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY. ~~ ~~
$1500 and $2000; two cozy cottages, 4 and 5
rooms, double frontage; owner going away.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FINE home at a bargain — On account of the
owner leaving: for the East, June L we are
ordered to sell a fine 2-story house of 9 rooms,
with large lot; heater in the house; only 2
blocks from Market and Fourteenth sts. ; for
{4250; this place has been held at $6000; if you
want a. good home see this: easy terms can
be arranged. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tb*
furniture dealer. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN, 605 — Large alcove room and
kitchen for housekeeping.
$7— 3 ROOMS furnished for housekeeping; 6ink;
water; good stove; no children. 382 Dolores.
EDDY, 829 — Floor of 4. furnished rooms or 2;
private residence; no children.
FIFTH, 353 — Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
$20; 2 furnished, $10; also single, $4 up.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice large furnished room for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
GEARY, 813% — 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas range.
LANGTON, 256«i— Thres sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
MCALLISTER. 538— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping; every con-
venience. . t
OAK, 119— Large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; stove, closet, clean; $10.
OCTAVIA, 1316, near Geary — Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; clean and sunny; no
children. I ; »
POLK, 605— Housekeeping, 2 clean, sunny par-
lors; eas stove; running water; reasonable.
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POST, 617V4, near Taylor— Two pleasant sunny
"unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; rent $10.
SIXTH. 12314— Large, sunny room, 2 closets;
light housekeeping; gas; others; quiet house.
SOUTH PARK, 84— Two sunny front rooms
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TURK,. 613—2 sunny, furnished housekeeping
rooms. $10; 1 large unfurnished. , ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ;
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and •
KubscriptionB has been established at 1096 '
Valencia st. ,
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn. ,
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $l~a ,
day family hotel in city; polite attendance; (
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, U8 Sixth— Rooms, '
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and (
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur- :
nished rms., saites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.- :
EDDY, 106— Nicely furnished sunny suite; also ]
single room.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished. .
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, large unfurnished room
to let. " .;. J
$1 WEEK, also one $1 10 — Large sunny furn. 1
rooms; closets; bath; private. 834 Folsom st.
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. & I
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House. "
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 730— Nice light single-
hall room for gentleman, $6; bath; private;
German. _J >
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk St., r
. near Market. New building. Elegantly fur- i
nished. Just opened. Strictly first-class and i
up to date in all appointments. Inspection in- s
vlted. Must be seen to be appreciated. Rates
• 75c per day and upward. Special rates by the
week or month. References. , . •
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant euites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs.. King, Turk and Taylor, j
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.. "
MARKET, 1055, above shoe store — Sunny double \
and single rooms; month, week, day. "
• ROOMS TO LET Kuril, ami Dnlnrn.
) MARTINET,, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
; ¦ furnished: private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
- MCALLISTER, 412, room 6— For rent, . one
sleeping: room; reasonable. J
. MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
J METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
fum!&he<1 sunny rooms; COc to $3 per day.
' O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
; offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
• O'FARRELL.* 402— Large sunny corner room;
, bay ¦windows; fine view; furnished; reas'n'ble.
" RUSS, 154, oft Howard— Sunny single and dou-
. ble rooms, $6 up.
4 LARGE unfurnished rooms. Apply 21 Pearl
'St., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
• ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 50; week, $2. to"
' $8; month. |8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
1 rooms with hot and cold water; baths.-
• EHERMAN Apartment Bouse. 2S Eighth at..
rear Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms. single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. £€S (The Lake) — Xew house: newly fur-
nished; board optional. Phone South 422.-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
KOOMS ASI) HOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
i ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele^
I gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sunny
rultes or single rooms; private baths; excel-
lent table and service.
VALENCIA-STi Hotel, 718 Valencia«st.. Mission
warm belt— Good board; fine rooms; reason-
able rates: cars pass the door.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly turn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 : '.arket— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
PINE. . 1006 (The Victor) — New management;
thoroughly renov. : sunny suites, with board.
SAX MATEO BOARD AND ROOMS.
SAN MATEO — Sunny* room; 1 or 2 persons;
good family board; reasonable. Box 3232, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
AT a meeting of the stockholders of the In-
dependent Mining Company, Limited, held
at rooms 115-122 Crocker building, last night,
the former beard of directors of the company
was removed and S. Kampe deposed as presi-
dent. The following directors and officers
were then unanimously chosen by a vote bf
the 71,000 shares of stock represented: R. W.
Schultze, president; A. ..Petry, vice president;
J. J. Kennedy, secretary; C. F. Olsen, treas-
urer; John Sandell, E. F. Schumacher, A. H.
Schultze, Charles Anderson. This company
has 64 promising mining claims situate on
Ophir and other creeks In Alaska, and in-
tends to vigorously prosecute work on all
of them during the coming season.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
tend 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale, also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer, In
carpet twine. In hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery gt.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St.: phone Mint 16.
ALL kinds bousrht. Fold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movln* Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. : tel. Main 5713.
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
teL Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZKHFUSS.
TYPEWRITERS- AND. SUPPLIES. .
G^tE^T^AR^INsTNlfYPEWmT^E^S^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exrhange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
PROPOSALS.
ANNUAL supplies for United States Marine
Corps— Headquarters United States Marine
Corps. Quartermaster's Office, Washington,
D. C, May 24, 1901. Sealed proposals, in
duplicate, will be received at this office until
12 o'clock noon on June 17, 1901, and then be
publicly opened, for furnishing Ice at Wash-
ington, D. C. ; fuel, forage and laundry work
at Annapoli3, Md. ; rations and' laundry
work at Dry Tortugas, Fla. ; fuel, forage, ra-
tions and laundry work at Portsmouth, N'
H.; Boston, Mass.; Newport, R. I.; Brook-
lyn, N. Y. ; Philadelphia, Pa-; League Island
Pa.; Washington, D. C. ; Norfolk, Va.. Port
Royal, S. C. : Pensacola, Fla,; Mare Island,
Cal., and Bremerton, Wash. Blank propos-
als and ether Information can be obtained
upon application to this office to the com-
manding officers. Marine Barracks, at the
above named stations, to the assistant quar-
termaster, 1000 South Broad street, Philadel-
phia. Pa., and to Major George Richards, as-
sistant paymaster, U. S. M. C, 40 Ellis
street, San Francisco, Cal. This office re-
serves the right to reject any. and all bids
and to wulve informalities. Bids from regu-
lar dealers only will be considered.
F. L. DENNY,
Quartermaster. U. S. Marine Corps.
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st
San Francisco. Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.\
SATURDAY, June 8. 1901, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
July 1. 1901, and ending December 31, 1901.
Schedules with Information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
plication by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it Is
In accordance with such; schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking house for at least M per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George D. Sevler, 25, 621 California street
and Kate F. McNamara, 29, 800 Kearny street
Robf rt O. Beach, 27, 577 Minna street and
Llllle Fuller, 26, 846 Larkin street.
Willicm C. Yates, 38, 26 Turk street, and
Ansaststla Furlong, 29, corner Ninth avenue
and I street.
John S. Hulse. 29, 713 Ellis street, and Eliza-
beth A. Chambers, 18, 2824 California street.
Philip F. Thom, 26, Douglass Island, : Alaska,
and iBabelle M. Jones, 24, city.
James W. Edmonds, 24, 4063 Nineteenth
street, and Georgle M. Cole, 24, 3263 Twenty-
second street.
Christian A. Mueller, 35, 426 Bosworth street,
an.l Ellse Maehrlen, 23, 2304 Humboldt street.
Rudolf Mayer, 28, 70 Harriet street, and Es-
tella Land man. 26, 914 Ellis street.
Charles D. Simon, 26, city, and Bettle B.
Nathan, 25, city.
Remond J. Herzog, 27, 1307 Stockton street,
and Marie GIraud, 33, 512>£ Leavenworth st.
Sidney A: Downs, 25, 649 Sacramento street,
and Minnie Dutton, 21, 649 Sacramento street
William H. Jones, 36, 304 Third street, and
Mary A. Barry, 26, 304 Third street.
Albert E. Hulbert, 37, 322 Minna street, and
Elizabeth Johnston, 35, 822 Mission street.
John S. Hume, 24. 781 Sutter street, and
Ellen R. Lyons, 20, 310 Valencia street.
Henry C. Rodeers, 33. 2516 Broadway, and
Eugenie E. de Santa Marina, 22, Palace Hotel.
August Muller. 27, 1217 Scott street, and Mar-
garet Scharetg, 23, 1918 Ellis street.
Giuseppe BonelM, 30, 2108 Fifteenth street,
and SfBtlUa Reva, 24, 2108 Fifteenth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death .notices sent , by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices -and be
Indorsed with the name and • residence of per-'
sons authorized to have the same published.
X BORN.
KNORR— At the Potrero, May 23, 1901, to the
wife of G. ' Knorr, a daughter. - - ¦¦ .-.
McGANN— In this city, May 14. 1901, to the
wife • of F. P. ' McGann, a daughter. - .
TRIESCHMAN— In this city. May 25. 1901, to
the wife of Harry C. Trleschman, a son. .'.'•.,
WRIGHT— In this city. May <¦ IV 1901, to the
wife of W. M. "Wright, a daughter. .'-"' '¦.-
i: '¦ : .v.,. MARBIED. . _ ; .
ly BISHOP— VAN VLACK- In this city, May 29,
p 1901, by His Grace : Archbishop • Riordan,
— James Hall Bishop and Isabel Van 1 Vlack.
ie daughter of the late Dr. Gilbert J. Van
_ Vlack. •—.¦•-¦¦¦ ••-•¦•-.•
1 DIED.
ly .Arundell,, William T. McCabe, James F.-
Clements. Katie ' McCabe. Joseph
— j! Cohn, Edith McCarthy, Daniel "
ia Curley, Frank J. McMlchael, Daniel J.
2i Dormer, Charles Mahncken, Mrs. H.
n . Goss, Mary E. Moran, John
„' Harrington, Ann O'Brien, Dennis
-. Hart, Dr. Arch C. ' Shaughnessy. Eliza-
U- . Hellwiff, Phillip beth
Henslng, Meta • Sheldon, Adelbert S.
— Hochstadter, Maggie Smith, Chas. F. W.
rl Johnson, Walter C. ¦ Thlessen, Metta
Kuehlken. Joseph -.Wilson, J. N. E. .
"—, Lllienthal, Minna Wood, Mary
!• Lloyd, Dr. George E. . • x
t; ARUNDELL-In this city. May 28. 1901, Wll-
r- liam T., beloved husband of Millie Arundell.
to' and father of Chester Arundell, a native of
r; England, aged 44 years. f -
CLEMENTS— In this city, May 28, 1901, Katie
— -Clements, beloved. wife of Dethlaf Clement*,-
a native of Germany,' aged 51 years 7 months
__ and 11 days;
v, ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
7 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
— (Friday]), ¦ at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
r- Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment, Laurel Hill Cemetery.
~ COHN— In this city. May 29, 1901, Edith, be-
1 loved daughter of Max and Tillie Cohn, and
_ granddaughter of Mr. and' Mrs. M. Kellner,
— a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 3
months and 28 days. ;
"" ¦ (C?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
ld CURLEY— In this city, May 29, 1901, Frank
_ John, beloved son of Bridget and the late
»• John Curley, and brother of the late Mary
j" Curley, a native of New York, aged 28 years
— 9- months and 28 days.
iy . (E5*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at -8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
— I dence, corner of Point Lobos avenue and
>n : Wood street; thence to Holy Cross Church,
J * where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
_ brated for the repose of his sonlr commenc-
~~. ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
'¦'. tery. • •¦
— DERMER-In the City and County Hospital,
>«" May 29, 1901, Charles Dermer, a native of
Germany, aged 74 years.
H GOSS— In this city. May 28, 1901, Alary E..
j." widow of the late Jacob Goss K and mother of
_ Sarah F. Goes, a native of Lancaster, Ohio,
~" aged 78 years 4 months and 17 days.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
— fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
s '- (Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Grace M. E.
'•• Church, corner Capp and Twenty-first
= streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. '
HARRINGTON— In this city, May 28, 1901, Ann
— Harrington, beloved mother of Mrs. H.
Smith, wife of the late John Harrington,
and mother of the late John, Frank, Julia,.
Joseph and James E. Harrington, a native of
County Slt~o, Ireland.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street, be-
tween Taylor and Jones, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HART— In this city, May 28, 1901, Dr. Arch
Coombs Hart, beloved husband of Nella R.
Hart, father of Julie Jennette and Frank
Lawrence Hart, son of Mrs. S. E. Hart, and
brother of Dr. C. K. and F. R. Hart, a na-
tive of Maine, aged. 32 years 4 months and 14
days.
(CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 910 Steiner street, thence to Mission
Masonic Temple, 2628 Mission street, where
services will be .held, , commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,-
via electric funeral car from Twenty-third
and Guerrero streets. ; - ..
HELLWIG— In Alvarodo; May 29, 1901, Phillip,
beloved husband of. Elizabeth Hellwisr, and
father of Fredrick P. and George P. Hell-
wis, a. native of Germany, aged 70 years 9
months and 14 days.
(fTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at his late residence in
Alvarado.
HENSING — Entered into rest, at her resi-
dence, 130? Valencia street,' in this city, May
29, 1901, Meta, beloved mother of John Hen-
sing of New York, Mrs. Harry Brockmann of
Gonzales. Mrs. John F. Schwartz of San
Francisco, and sister of Mrs. M. Hollander
of New York and Mrs. G. Neunaber of • San
Francisco, a native of Germany, aired 73
years 3 months and 7 days. (New York pa-
pers please copy.)
E7* Funeral private. Kindly omit flowers.
HOCHSTADTER -Entered into rest, in this
city. May 28, 1901, Maggie, beloved wife of I
Simon Hochstadter, and beloved sister of
Mrs. Simon Florsheim of Chicago, Mrs. A.
Sonnenbers and Tillie, Herman and Jacob
' Freisleben. (Marysville papers please copy.)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeraJ to-morrow
(FrhJay)! at~9:43' o'clock, from her late resi-'
dence, 1816 Broadway. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by ' special train i leaving
Third and Townsend . streets at 11 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
JOHNSON— In- this city. May 29, 1901, Walter
Cutting, beloved son of and : Alice
Johnson, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 10 months and 10 days.
icy Remains at the parlors of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. i
KUEHLKEN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, May 29, 1901, Joseph Kuehlken, a native
of Germany, aged 56 years.
LILIENTHAL— In this city. May 29, 1901.
Minna, dearly beloved wife of Ernst Lillen-
thal, arid mother of Henry Lllienthal. . Mrs.
C D. Mangels and Gussle and Minnie E.
Lilienthal, a native of Mark, Oldendorf, Ger-
many, aged 48 years 8 months and 29 days.
LLOYD— In this city, May 28, 1901. Dr. George
E. Lloyd, dearly beloved husband of Annie
E. Llcyd, father of Grace, Edith, George E.
Jr. and Irene Lloyd, son of Mrs. Ellen G.
Lloyd, and brother of Frank H. Lloyd, a
native of San Francisco, aged 42 years and 20
days.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2507 Sutter street, near Broderick,
thence to St. Dominic's Church, corner Bush
and Steiner streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose'
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-'
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery..
McCABE— In this city. May '28, 1901, James F.
McCabe, beloved brother of Mrs. Mary Me--
Cue and the late Mrs. Annie Wade, a native'
of New York.
IT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 562 O'Farrell street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, Hayes street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10:15
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McCABE— In the City and County Hospital,
Mny 29." 1901, Joseph McCabe, a native of
Ireland, aged 53 years. . . •
MCCARTHY— In this city, May 28. 1901. Daniel,
dearly beloved husband of the late Margaret
McCarthy, and dearly beloved father of John,
Eugene, Daniel, Katie, Annie and Ella Mc-
Carthy, Mrs. Mamie Larson and Mrs. Maggie
Fields, a native of County Cork, Ireland.
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 538% Ninth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at. 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.'
McMICHAEL— In this city. May 28, 1901, Dan- 1
iel J. McMlchael, beloved son. of the late
Charles and Ellen McMlchael, and brother of
Robert, James and Edward McMlchael, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 years.
$3r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell' street, near Post, thence to St. Rose's
Church ' for services, commencing at 10:30
o'clock.' ¦
MAHNCKEN— The funeral of Mrs. Helena
Mahncken will take place to-morrow (Fri-
day), from the residence of Mrs. Thomas H.
Nichols, ' where • services will be held for
same, thence to the railroad depot and take
11:10 o'clock train, arriving. at San Francisco
at 12:10 'o'clock, • via Tiburon ferry.* Inter-
ment Lone Mountain. (P. S.— Chicago paper*
please copy.) ,
MORAN— In ' San Pablo, May 27, 1901, John
Moran, beloved son of Michael and the late
Elizabeth Moran, and brother of Robert,
Michael Jr., Joseph and the late James
Moran, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 10 months and 27. days.
O'BRIEN— In this city, Dennis O'Brien, be-
loved brother of Mrs. D. Capelll, Mrs. L.
Zander and Eddie and Maurice O'Brien, a
native of San Francisco, aged 15 years 10
months and 4 days.
ICT Funeral private.
SHAUGHNESSY— In this city, May 29, 1901.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of P. H. Shaugh-
* nessy, and sister of John T. McMahon, a na-
tive of Rochester,. N. Y., aged 43 years 1
- month and 24 days.
' (C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
.'thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street,.
' HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. . -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEXIS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School, sj
. '. Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
27 and 29 Fifth st. TeL South 167. I
IONEKAL DIRECTORS ANJ EMJALM331.
Finest Equipment 'at Moderate Rates.-
JAMBS WcGINN, I ¦!
Formerly: with McGinn Bros.,, has opened I
new Funeral . Parlors at 214 Eddy st,-,bet. I
Taylor and Jones. ,\ Telephone' 1 South 576. ... I '
Mrs. Mary Wood, aged ; .77 years, passed
away the 2Sth in this city. She was a na-
tive of Morrisville, Vt. Herself and husband
crossed the Isthmus on mules, ¦ arriving in
California . in 1851. ¦ She . was -a -woman of
quiet habits, and though was kindly known
to many 1 of the old pioneers, made few inti-
mate friends. Those who knew her best loved
her for her uniform kindness. Never being
ostentatious in her charities, .yet many can
give evidence of her sympathy and substan-
tial aid in conditions -of need.
MRS. A. S. MOORE,
• 38 Oak street, San Francisco.
May 29, 1901.
ANOTHER PIONEER PASSED AWAY.
{C^Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the -funeral this day (Thursday), - at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, northwest
corner Masonic avenue- and. Geary street.
!C7"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1400 Hyde street. Interment- Odd, Fel-
. lows' Cemetery. •
WILSON— In this city, May 27, 1901, 3.' N. E.,
beloved husband of Jeannette Wilson, and
beloved son of Mrs. Joseph L. Wilson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 45 years. ' i
icy Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), ; at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic.
. Temple, corner Post' and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge •• No.
166, . F. • and A. M. 1 . Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. • . ¦ ' .,'¦,•
WOOD— In this city, May 28, 1901, Mary, be-'
¦ loved ¦ wife ¦ of Benjamin -Wood, ¦ a - native of
Vermont, aged 77 years and 14 days. ¦ .
(CTTuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence,
- 1025. Shotwell street under the auspices; of
Preclta Parlor No. 187,- N." S. G. W.- ' lnter-
: ment private. . - : • .
THIESSEN— In this city, May 29, 1901, at her
residence, 1400 • Hyde street, Metta Thiessen,
' mother', of Mrs. P. N. Stofen; a native of
Bannsted, Germany, aged 85 years and 4
months. ¦". ...'.:
•"'¦¦'•;•. ": ' ¦- . :¦.-..,- ¦ ¦ i. •¦-.,¦ ¦ ¦?---..
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for; the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
SHELDON-In this city, . May 29. 1901. Adel-
• bert •¦ S. .- Sheldon. . beloved husband of Mina
¦ Sheldon, a . native of New York, aged 56
years 7 months and 26 days. • .
SMITH— In this city, May 29, 1901, Charles F.
W., beloved husband of Margaret A. Smith,
son of. Ferdinand, and. the late i Helen C.
Smith, and brother of Florence and Nellie
¦ Smith and Mrs. Grace Rockey, a native . of
San Francisco, aged 29 years and 20 ¦ days. .
L*" V_**g Stc * L *'*^ tyyrnJDMBXTPS Con.
EARGAINS-CIcarance Fa'.e bargalnsr^rprlgnt
r!.ir.o«. ?" a;id upward; Rteir.way. Kaab<»
t^' C m?rExTMJ? p£i °u hC " : Bquares llA
A FMAI.I, rhlokerinir upright. *ir.: 6 uorlebts
p"<-on.-!-hande<!. your rholce at 5110. 217 Geary.'
AT WILPON-S Stnrace. i 7 p« Market st.. you
ran cet gtora R e pianos almost for a song
srnMITZ. lfi McAllistPr. tie act Hlbernla Bank.
*\r T T™$g violins, slthers. eld and new. H.
rt> palrtr. g^atham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly~CaTT
V, n«g«^. In wranner for rp.atUpg. tl ppr year!
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
TO rent or l«>ase— Pecond~floor. 6») Market st .
<rP"s=»e Hotel: Al business location.
Arrly to CEO. H. COVERT. C23 Market st
PTOHg to let. 933 Mission t=t.
PANPOME. S04— Handsome large store; reduced
to $S per month.
FMMA PPnrKCKKLS hulldinr. P27 Market fit.—
Punr.y offlceg. «5 to f2n : usual ser\-lcps.
KT.ro A NT. lisrht sunny offices, partly fur-
n<ct,c< : fir,, location. l<3 Powpll »;t.
OIL.
HS.«H) TO Invest in oil shares for young East-
ern capitalist; he asks location, title, prices
directory, etc.: send stamped envelope for
!ls oueries; confidential; will deal only with <
<-.fncers of companies. Lock box 20CS San '
Frsncisco postoffice " ]
- — , i
CAUSTOGA O!! and Development Company
1 ! 11^ =12 ° acrM ° r oiI Iand !n nine
cmricts. Office. ;3 Hnd 24 Merchants* Ex.
COPTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; bi« advance
in a few da>-s. Pacific States Mining and In-
vftaifBt Co.. 226 Poet. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In pood order* all
<^7ps: rboap TT. P. XTTTTTK. nii M'sy'pn Bt
OJL. LA\DS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
ftate. We can furnish ycu with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
" ¦""I^h to invest In stocks of the leading oil
rc-mpanies rail on us before «rolnsr elsewhere
<=HEA & PETERPON. 201 Examiner building.
PAIXTEBS AXP "ECOItATORS.
VAI..L paper, •window shades; rooms papered
?S i-r- Jensen fc Bath. 30S Sixth; open even!
TAPER-HANGING, house painting: rood rell-
r.Me work. Clark's. gQS LaYkln: tel. Lajkin 1'JCO.
PALMISTRY.
MAJ-'AME GERMAIXE. "^^" ' ~^~""~~~^
For ten days only this famous business
PALMIST
will remain in her present quarters prior to
i mucfc needed vacation.
Remember she guides you for a year
shead. 306 Market st.
H. JEROME FOFPELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor st.. bet Geary and Post: tel. Black
MRS. Lamb, scientific palmist and characterread-
lng; lessons in class and private, 617 Jones st.
SIP.F. WM. McMAKUS. scientific palmist, 1140
Market. 10 to 5; residence 731 Guerrero st
SJME. GERMAIXE. the business palmist of the I
T>gcific Coast. 906 Market ft.
PERSONALS.
BEST on earth— Blood poison itchinjri ekia.
diseases, rbeumaUEm. piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co.. permanently
located €2? Montgomery st.. room 22. third
floor. DRS. KING and JOXES.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary St.. and you
¦will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively cuarameed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
A WOMAN' on exhibit! in, old and wrinkled en
one side of face, othf-r side made smooth and
youthful by expert specialist in charge. Call
X. Y. inst. Dermatology, 105 Ellis, r. 20-21 S. F.
FREE health lecture and X-ray exhibition to-
night (Thursday) S o'clock. The Edison Elec-
tro-Medical Institute. ,Z1 Sutter st., souvenir
X-ray picture of your hand. Free.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5: valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drus habits. MRS.
¦"'ILLIAMS, 183S Polk St.. San Francisco.
ELECTRIC llgrht In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
J"e to tl 50 per niffht; $1 £0 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and ba«rsare to and from the ferry.
f: WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Bcotcb, $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
irant overcoats. ?15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1510-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
FCHOOL to learn halrdresFir.c. hair -work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1T04 Market bet Polk and Van Xess.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st
Ladles" and cents' cast-on* clothing bought and
sold. J. f ilvennan. 9S4 Fo!som: tel.Folsom 1191.
LADIES' tailor suits mode to order: reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell st
FPANISH lessons piven by a native Spanish
teachfr. C 13 McAllister et
TAILOR made suits. V 50; dress pants. $2 E0.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton; diseases of men only; eanltarium
f.r.S Clay St.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING etvle« Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1C21 Market St. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat: electrolysis; 17. years' exper.
OLD erold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. .T. R. JENKEL, 817- Market st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; SI: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wlg»;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
FUPERFLUOUS hair and mole« destroyed with
elec+ric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
PR LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint the best
«-orn cure: 2r.c: nil druggists.
PHYSIOGNOMIST.
MART O. STANTOX, scientific physiognomist?
r*-ads character by the face or phototrraph;
hours 1 to 5. 7 to 9 daily; free lecture Sun-
day 8 p. m.: Thursdays 3- E1Q L^avenwcrth.
PHVS1CIASS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O^DOXNELm^rnce end residence.
IC21 Market tt. between Sixth and Seventh.
CR. WOXO HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats til dlseaces of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Maoon. nr. Ellis.
PILES. ~ ~ "
KEAHLI 1000 permanent cures hero In your
znldst; many wbo have Buffered 20 to 19
years; over fifty names of prominent bust.
ress men cent as reference: no chloroform.
curgery or delay from business, and no
calves for sale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1SS0. Call office. S. F.. CaL
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Superior lots; choicest bargains; call and be
convinced.
$100, $150. $200 to $350— Level Ocean Boule-
vard lots; ready to build on; near cars; $5
monthly.
Select our Sunset lots; graded and sewered;
sill bargains; building up rapidly; don't wait:
$500 to jyOO; installments.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave.. near H 6t
$400 to $800— We can positively suit you In
Richmond lots; easy terms.
$75 $100 to $22)— Level lota near Mlssion-st
cars'; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
POSITIVE BARGAINS IN COTTAGES ON
EASY TERMS.
$4500— Elegant new 6-room cottage, stable and *¦
driveway; 3 r Al2G: choicest street In Richmond.
$S.VJO— Best built 7-room cottage; Richmond. j
$200i)— €-room cottage; choice st; Richmond.
$1250 each — 2 splendid cottages in Sunset
$1000— 3-room cottage: Richmond. I
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
54 Chronicle building.
POST-ST. PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Lot south side of Post st; sixty-six <6C) feet _
front: Fltuated between the Crocker building $
and Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
ticulars apply to JAMES A. WHITE, room -
11. tenth floor. Mills building. C
5-ROOM cottage, nice garden, for- sale; $1000: -
reason for sale, owner going north. 129 Flood C
ave, fiunnyside; apply morning.
J2.7W— MODERN house 9 rooms, bath, station- -
ary tubs; eun all day; good location; street *
work done. 205 Bennington st. Holly Park.
1J- >cu »ia\ - e lot» to *-il nunu of the 1'ark..
then call on W. J. CUNN. ZSO California st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address In the -
T.'nlted States or Canada one year,, for $1, h
poytare p*ld.
REAL ESTATE WANTED. *
WANTED— A lot; $3000 to $5000; north of Mar- 1
feet at Box 32C5. Call office. '
SATLWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily:
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot. .
. i--. .> Local Lim"d Ovrl'd Local.
Daily. Daily. Dally. IHtily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1*17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a ....'...
- "Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Visalia.. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a :.
.'" Tulare .'.'.. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a.'...-...'
"Bksfield . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30a ..;....
¦** Chicago "... 2:15 p 9:00 p ...;..•.'
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m.* train is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets : are ' honored on this train. - Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. : m. daily.
. 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local.' Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.,... .
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers 'and
free Reclining ; Chair Car.' also .Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
. sronding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily
;-7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points: in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices— 641' Market • street and in Ferry
Depot. ¦ San; Francisco; 1118 Broadway,
Oakland. . . • ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Tim S»ns»U» Ferry— Foot of Market St. . '"'•"¦
p.* $ st^ .t« m«ht « u» TAVJtair j £ff££
' 8*0 A. ISA f 12:15 p. M.'
9:00a.M. $K?W* 1:15 p.m.
10:00 a. m. I ¦: srJNDATa * J 8:30 p. »t
lSop.M.' '-' . I 5^0?! M.
2:30 P. M.J ,¦.--..¦¦ ' , 17:10 p.m.
. Fare. tJia Fr»odf co to Summit ud Return, $1 .49 & i. ¦
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sansalito FerrT.
«»07 00 BUFFALO «Q7 00
WU I 1= And Return WO I ! =
VIA ILLINOIS CENTRAL R.R.
Tickets on Sale
JUNE 3d and 4th
FOR DETAILED , INFORMATIOiN
. CALL OR ADDRESS •.'.''
W. H. SNEDAKER, 6en'l Agent,
648 Market Street.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABSY ST. Established
ill 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind and
Slcln Diseases. Toe Doctor cores when
others fail. Try him. ("hargea low.
€ur<»sunrnntrr<l. C:illorwri:»
Dr. J. JP. «IBBO>..sau Francisco. Cal. -
Weekly CaU,$1.00 per Year
CALIF0RKI4 HORTflWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
• SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
3 San Francisco to San. Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:3U, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. > •¦
SUNDATS-8:00, 9:30. U:00 a. m,; 1:00, S:30.
B:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
1 WEEK DATS^-6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:4i
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. - - ' ¦
r SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. in. •' ' .
'.' ' Leave I In Effect I Arrive
1 San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. J Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. ..
7:30 am Windsor. ¦ 10:25 am
I - - 5:03 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland " [10:40 am|10:25 am
> 3:30 pm| 8:00 am[ and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
1 7:30 ami ~ ~~ 10:40 am 10:25 am
[8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm] 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
! 7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I I and I
: 6:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am} 8:00 amf 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm[. Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
1 Springs and White Sulphur Splnrgs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton.for Lytton Springs ; at
Geycerville for Skaegs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknells.
¦ Sanhedrln Heights. .Hullville. Orr"s Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, S Fort Bragg. .West-
port. Usal, Wlllits, Laytonville, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. - J
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . - - • . • :
On Sunday round trto tickets to all points
beyond 'San Rafael at half rates. ••:-•
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
Buildinsr. : ; - ' ;
H. C. WHITING. . ! ¦ R. X. RYAN.
; Gen. Manager. " Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦ . Via Sausallto Ferry. ¦ ¦
« Commencing April . 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
. AND SAN RAFAEL.
¦ WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. *9:30, ll:00'a.'m
12:45, 'l^S, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. 6:45 p. m. "
• EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and -San
Rafael on' Mondays/Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, »9:00. «10:00. 11:00 11-30
a. m., 12:45. «l:30. • 2:30. .••3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7 : 30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. . • : -
• Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn. "
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»S:25, 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10-15
a. m... -12:25. 1:15. 2:20, "3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m"
EXTRA TRIPS on ' Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
- SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 9:45, »ll:00 a. xn »12
m., 1:00. 2:15. f3:30, 4:30. *5:43, 6:45, 7:30.»"lO:lO
p." m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-*:45. 6:45. 7:S5. 8:55" 10-30
a.- m.. 12:35, 1:45,-3:45, 3:50. 5:10, B:20 p m
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05.- 11:10 al m. 12-15
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m. * '
THROUGH TRAINS. '
. 8:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. , , . • . . ~>i . . s .
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.* . . .
' 6:15 d. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomaleo and way stations. " . . . -
; 8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00-. a. m.' Sundays— Point • Reyes .and : way
stations."" ;-¦ "
BAHWA7 TBAVEL.
}m. The first thing to do when I
hP!*\ y° u h ave ma de up your mind to 5
Jgf » *Ptt\ £° east IS t0 as^ f^ e nearest l
j^^r , B \sA\ Southern Pacific ticket-agent for . |
jtiMT B H a er d e scriptive of ths 3
V Ig' Burlington I
PS^. § Overland I
K^yX^ 0 Excursions || I
WsffiS/mBmlf ' contains just the informa- |
. tlon y° u need — time-tables; a . 3
jy .-au-.&eigv&gr • j map . illustrations of Burlington u
[ / tourist sleeping cars, and a de- |
. ¦ i;.«" /. scription of the scenery en route. %
I . ¦'• / |~* - • From Los Angeles Monday* and 0
H / IfWfffi^ll Wednesdays : San Francisco Tues- d
S / y . IlllfitliilUliinj da >' s and Thursdays— Omaha. Chi- Sf
M_ . IsSfraiSaBrsI ca i? o i Kansas City, St. Louis — *j
MllOiD^ EVERYWHERE east. 51
MSbBIB^^I l^^feQ*^! " W.D.Sanborn..GenTAgJ.. ji
[.. I ¦ -. < /' 631 Market street, San Francisco. 6 B..t.-Ver-s cures ; Piles,- • or $30 ' reward. "¦ . For
saleifcy : all [druggists. t , : ~:'"": T , : ,•
¦ ". . ". ' '¦¦'*..-'¦; ¦ . '
j Governor \ Gage :• has , reappoirited t Notary,
Public ¦' P. ¦'• J. ' Kennedy , L .< 11"/; Montgomery
street," to succeed himself.-;-. '- : -,-•¦?; , '.¦*,•¦
SSi&S&k''.' ' ¦ --.¦:¦'¦ ¦ ¦'...''-.'
ii The »body A ,, of y an • man ;.was
found yesterday_ morning In the bay, about
half - a' mile fromithe Powell-streefiWharf s
It .was taken, to the 'Morgue for identlflca
tlon.' '•¦'.'"•-'. :' f ' v "i/ ':" i '-.-* .'-••- .¦ ' '->¦ •
Body, Eomid in^the Bayj
' The Board -of ; Education has decided
to' Pi enlarge ¦„ the .^ Fremont ' -- School •,;:. by
the J addition i of ; another j story,\ which ; will
provide 'accommodations ¦ for. at Ueast ¦ f our
additional (classrooms. t?. The - school' Is i sit-'
uated on ; McAllister, street.^ between I Brod-'
erlck and • Baker. ? and : at \ present iconslsts
of -ninejooms. \ The' population: in the^ im
mediate vicinity- of :; the -park; has greatly
Increased X recently * and '•< necessitates z the
establishment of additional classrooms In
order to relieve probable congestion in the
school. ' - . "'"•;¦ ~; ¦ -' ¦ ;ii»§igsBBBMawBB
other' Stozy. to the Building.
TO ENIABGB FREMONT SCHOOL.
Plans Being Prepared ; to Add An-
'" Southern Pacific Eastern '-.I excursions,
June 3 and 4: Buffalo and'. return^. $87: \8t:
Paul and return, $67 90 ; r Kansas ; Cityj and
return.' $60.' ITickets on : sale June 3 and '4
limit 60 days, stopovers- going and return
ing; choice of routes. .Full information at
Southern Pacific office, 1 613 Market street."
•-. The ; Almshouse was : the:' only ,"r>Iace r for'
the fellow - to go > to " and \ the
ambulance from the : Emergency * Hospital
was sentto carry him over the first stage
of the trip to the Almshouse. "His few,be
longings were put Into the ambulance and
he i himself made- comfortable for the trip.
' At the I City -Hall* the vboy i was trans
ferred^, to; the >; Almshouse -vehicle.. 'As he
looked about upon the miserable creatures
•who ..were to be his % comoanlons > and ¦ the
full: meanlng-'of , the : change | dawned I upon
him.i he uttered theory given- above'.and
expired.- ; ' •"• - ; . ! ' r , :l ' t :\'' u *W-:i"-'
'-> The body, .was . taken ; to : the . Em?rgency
'Hospital; and - from there , removed to - the
Morgue.- ;-l -'¦;- *."¦¦¦ ; >¦' '.;,-: •'-¦ -=-,-: ¦¦¦•^•, .
:• The boy. had been - an Inmate "of the
Children's Hospital- since 1895 except for
a short interim; in- 1897." The hospital au
thorities never knew where he came, from
or who - were • his * parents. ' He .was 5 pr>
uounced incurable ;but was allowed to | re
main in the hospital. - It was decided yes
terday, that he could be kept no longer as
hi3 : age ! was / such ' ; that Jie could :. not
be -considered - a; proper '^charge in^-a
children's hospital. ... :. r ..-¦:. .., .
Shock of Change From Hospital Gives
Spirit- of Younk Paralytic Mer r
' ciful Belease. ;
"Death " would be"; preferable to | this."
exclaimed- tester? Kemp, a sixteen-year
old, paralytic, who was; being "removed
from the Children's Hospital to the Alms-"
house yesterday.' In another -moment tlie
unfortunate lad sank ' in a* heap : In
the "Almshouse omnibus jand when aid
reached . him \it .was ¦;'. found •,/ the : ; proud
spirit had ; gained merciful : release from
the decrepit body.;'?-, : %.-.' ,V .,.: .*•
PREFEBBED DEATH TO 4 • -
I "LTFE^TN AiLMS^OTTSE
V Question of Time.'
* : He I gave", his .version v of his progress
home from the store Saturday night sub
stantially as he -, has • given it before— that
Is, .that; he: left the; place with -the mother
two men = at ' 9 ; or "¦ half-past 9 o'clock . and
after I going: straight ; home arrived at J his
j room' with j Smith I about .: 10 •• o'clock. -•"• He
denied that 'he was on Haight; street that
•evening.- ; » He : said he • wore then , the 5 only ,,
hat > he. had, 1 , the -same one he had at -the
inquest. s a'stiffvhat," a Derby of old-fash-'
ioned shapeT '.-„..-.,'.. ."¦.;.¦,.-. •,.;..¦.:
-' i .That t ended : the testimony. . '•¦¦ The j wit-
Tesses .were not called In the" order; given,""
.end most! of 'what 'they gave in evidence
has ¦ already, been published; the only new
matter - brought out 'being ¦ amplifications
<6i the ¦ details : already -given;-, The : verdict
, rendered and approved by * the ; Coroner, is
' as ! fellows f>^ ;.• '¦-.: v-.-'^u: -^ ¦'"¦: .'.. <¦ '-,'-.." ''.''
: l-Wei "; the Tjury, ; find ; that the i said Robert C.
Hislop, ¦ age ; 13 yean, ~ nativity San •¦ Francisco,
occupation 1 schoolboy, residence ¦ 104% ¦ -¦ Haight
•treet, . in ' tn« ; city and ¦ county/ of ;- San ' Fran
¦~ •'¦-:<- i.-f'.'-yf •./:''¦:'-¦'"-.' '¦';- ';'"¦'< »'.-;'• :'•. .¦'¦''."
* Referring to the episode of Wednesday,
Smith said he did not remember when
Lukherath ¦ came home, - but when he did
arrive, said Smith, he was drunk. >¦
JLukherath* was questioned through Po
liceman, Nelson, who acted as sworn in
terpreter. - r He said he thought >he had
'seen Robbie 'Hislop, but he .was no* si"^».
He •' remembered seeing > two boys - In \ tn«
Hislop house when' he .lived '¦•there,- but ; no
did not know who they were. ' ; He called
.at the house on Wednesday last to "get a
letter he thought should be there, but he
declared he did not remember who opened
,the door; for him,- or; that the boy spoke
to | him or : that : he took the boy down to
the ; candy- store and ' agreed to give him
two bits for every letter he delivered. He
could' explain how It was he remembered
that he * went : to the i house f or ; a letter,
and yet could remember nothing, else. . He
said he was too drunk. to remember any
thing of -that afternoon, '.but he. did ; say
his -visit was • somewhere 1 alone: about -. 4
o'clock, ; while t every other word , of testi
mony puts it at least two hours afterw. ;'..•;
herath in the saloon at about 7 o'clock;
that 'they were both home at half past 9
o'clock, and r that they went- tombed at
once. He said he did not know how long
they were In ; the saloon. 'He was asked
through an interpreter if he had lost sight
of Lukherath at any time from 7 o'clock
on Saturday night until j Sunday morning,
when he was arrested,'- and he declared
positively that he had not. 1 He said he
knew ' the Hislop boy from seeing him : in
the house and when the boy used to open
the door 'before they were, given keys.
The •; boy, > he ,- said, never went to their
room.V' •-¦¦¦—-- 'V. ,,.• ¦ '.. ¦ ¦• *¦¦.'-
SOME OF ! THE PEOPLE WHO
•APPEARED AT THE HISLOP
INQUEST. .
The , dead . man's clothing 1 consisted
of a black ' slouch '. . hat, - an ordinary
ladies' I undershirt, a \ cheap , cotton ¦ over
shirt, black ribbed , pants, a". bluish gray
sack coat, ¦ gray stockings and -elastic
gaiters and no vest. He wore a dark mus
tache, just turning gray, was about six
feet tall and weighed about 180 pounds. Thd
officers are ; entirely - at ¦ sea In the 'matter
of his identity,- but ¦¦ are strenuously en
deavoririg to unravel the jnystery. Coro
ner Crowe announces ¦ he will hold an in
quest on Saturday, ¦ and that the body will
be held >until ; that : time ¦ before,'being-In
terred in the. hope, that in the meantime
some -facts may be unearthed that will
shed further. light. . '. ¦ • ,r ; .-«,
¦ ¦¦'.¦ ' '•'¦' ¦ . — ¦¦— — — — — — ¦^^— •¦
All day the morgue has been visited by
large crowds, but the first person is yet
to come 'who Is able, to recognize . the re
mains. "Lopez was noticed about 'the
streets on Tuesday. - . , , %.
. When taken Into custody by the Consta
ble Lopez presented every appearance of
dejection, and: the few words, uttered
by him were in relation to having at last
been apprehended ' and t the fear - that I he
would be compelled to answer for the aw
ful erime of murder. -'-¦¦ .
The handkerchief was subsequently ex
amined, and when it was discovered to be
fairly saturated with blood the officers
began to recall the remark made by the
prisoner upon being locked ilp. ¦ Not; a
word or sound emanated from Lopez's
cell during the night, and when. the door
was opened at .1 o'clock yesterday morn
ing his lifeless body was found hanging
by a common -hay rope "fastened" to a
grating only five feet from the floor. As
Lopez was a six-footer, he was compelled
to bend , his knees and . submit to slow
strangulation., .¦¦•- The ": piece -of - rope 1 had
served him as a belt. v ---'-. . -¦
run down and would be called upon to an
swer for the murder of . the Hislop | boy.
Among the effects found upon him were a
handkerchief and the _ front page of one
of the Sunday morning papers containing
the story of the murder of the boy.
The inquest has furnished another lead
for the detectives to work upon. ¦ -Mns,
Houston in her testimony told of a: man
with a white hat. who passed her and her
companion the nleht of the murder and
jOfet before it Is supposed to have taken
place, as she was going to call on some
people living at 26 Octavia street, which
lsyust around the corner from In? Hislcp
residence. The man with the white hat
ngssed her and went to- the door of No.
2#* where he tried to igaln-an-en
trance, but did not ring the bell. 'She saw
him working at the door, but as she
passed him end went- into No. 26.: .lie
•w*s still seeking ¦.<¦ an . entrance to 24.
Captain Seymour will- investigate. Smith,
¦wjio was In attendance at the inauest, -had
•wath him a white hat. and he was asked
tQ put it onand stand up for-Mrs. Hous
ton to see- if he resembled, the man-*he
had seen.' but she would not say even, that
he resembled' the man who' passed her. ;
' There Is a new story in. the case, which
cpmes up from Redwood City, whcis a
man whose actions denote insanity, de
clared he was being pursued: by the police
for the murder of Robbie" HIsIod. and
then committed suicide.. The correspond
ents say he had a handkerchief, that bears
unmistakable sisrns cf blood. Sheriff Mans
field of San Mateo County reports to
Captain Seymour that there are no blood
stains on the handkerchief.- and neither
correspondents nor Sheriff can find out
from where the man came.
>¦ This : brought \ Lukher'athYriglit i into 'the
case and 'made * his movements on Satur
day .'evening a' matter, of . : the first lmpor-*
tance.- It is, in regard; to -the. time he left
v the .vicinity of . Ninth , and : Howard streets
and arrived : at ¦ his ; home - at 7 Laguna and
Oak' streets -that" the 'most dis
crepancies -. In '• Lukherath's * story « occur."
Charles Eichorn, who worked in the saus
age i factory .with Lukherath," testified that
.they; left: the- shop* a.bouti7. o'clock-* and
that; after, taking a few drinks In Sheehy's
saloon 5 next i door, - they.': left ¦ there < a , few.
minutes -, af tei;' 8. : ; He :, said V he * knew * tHe
time because, his '.wife '* complained? about
the late hour of h is arrival - home I and I he
looked ' at his ' watch -• and f found * it \ tp * be
twenty I minutes '; past 8. . | He > had ¦: walked
from Howard and Ninth streets to Bryant.
Lukherath ¦ Involved.
¦E. James Duff ey, the plumber, who saw
a man - waiting In < the * rain on • Haight
street 'opposite the Hislop house last Sat
urday, evening, was called to . tell of the
appearance . of the man and ' to , identify
once more 'the suspect as the man he saw
In the rain. ¦ ; He :- says . his ¦ attention < -was
drawn .< to ; the man ; by the • fact ". that - ho
was standing in the rain without an um
brella and apparently for no "reason. ; Duf
fey-swore that he saw the: man on the
street no earlier : than a - quarter ':¦ past 8
and.no later than a quarter, to, 9: o'clock.
He was corroborated by , the ! testimony ¦. of
Barnett, ; who r keeps the j College Kennels
at 115 Haight . street, whose ; house ¦ Duff ey
. was' leaving /when • he ¦ saw I the I waiting
man. • Barnett : said • Duffey • left his v house
somewhere about 9 o'clock.' ¦ ,¦ ¦..;>>
» Policeman B. F. Sawyer' told ¦ how 'he
had found the hatchet In the vacant lot
in the vicinity; of: the; Hislop house, and
Dr. Frank T. Green, the city chemist, told
how. he. had- examined the red spots that
appeared on the hatchet and . had found
them to be blood. He had not gone far
enough, however, In his investigations, to
eta te positively that the blood was human
blood. - - Ho had v also examined * the trou
sers which were supposed to have been
marked with blood and he swore that the
suspicious spots were not blood. "" - ?«""--_
•: .On the point of , the acquaintance be
tween Lukherath and the murdered boy
Mrs. Augusta Seibt, who/ with, her hus
band keeps the . candy. : store - to which
Lukherath took the boy on -the ..Wednes
day before, the murder, was called to tell
how the ¦ two came into the store and
Lukherath asked her husband to tell the
boy that he would 'get two bits for tsvery
letter for Lukherath that . came • to the
house and was brought to him. Lukhe
rath had said positively that he did not
know the murdered. boy. • : . . . ,.
¦ Dr. Bacigalupi, . autopsy surgeon of .the
Morgue, described in detail the wounds
on 'the boy's head, supplementing what
had- already been testified. to by-Dr: Mor
rigsey and -Dr. -Roche.' .He said there was
no . evidence .- of any struggle, s and .he was
satisfied that the boy. had been struck on
¦the back. of.. the head while he-lay asleep.
There-, were 1 sixteen wounds altogether,
and two of -these, both on the back of, the
head and both fractures of the skull,' were
necessarily fatal... ;' , : . .-. '. ¦'¦•
-.: ¦*. >r. ' Finding of Hatchet. *:
M. Hislop, hls'brother; Mrs. Sarah" Clack,
a' neighbor'arid one of - the first called* into
the.- house^ .after,.' the ;_ disco very,,, of. the
crime; Dr/T.'B.' Roche, who was called
in" to. attend the boy. while it was still. be r
iieved that he was .suffering: from some
internal: hemorrhage,* and i. Dr. J.- G.-'Mor
rissey were examined to show the j posi
tion of tho body'as it lay on thebed, the
condition 'of the clothing- on the.bed.-'the
stains on the 'bedclothes and .the clothing
of the boy and the efforts. that were. made
to sustain." life. The testimony agreed, on
the fact that the.* boy was- lying' on 'his
back, his head 'Inclined a' little 'to > the,
right, and "that .the bedclothes- were ,un-'
ruffled at the~foofof the bed and were
drawn up under his chin, while the clothes
around hls~ head'ahd* his 'shift' were sat
urated, with blood.. - '¦ . :¦ ;\-*.- ..¦'•¦.¦-*• .
The sailor, Segur Gonderson, who .was,!
the third of the trio who lodged in .tho
Hislop house, has been located through
Bront H. Tietjen. uncle of- Smith. 'lie
shipped, on March 25 last, onthe schooner
Repeat, then bound for Mexico. He claim
ed to be a second' mate, j The schooner
since then has made her way- up; the;
coast, and she is now: in. Coos Bay. She
is owned by the Simpson Lumber Com
pany. The detectives wiirjret a statement
from him as soon .as possible. .. . / :. .i.
UNKNOWN PARTIES
MURDBRBIXlHISLOP
Coroner's - Jury Senders Verdict
Which leaves Mystery Still in the -
Hands of the Police, ii-:
The Coroner's inquiry into the murder
of little Robbie Hislop was commenced
and concluded yesterday, and < the; verdict
is that the boy came to his 'death through
willful murder committed by a party /or
parties unknown. It took - six -hours and
the testimonjs-or nineteen witnesses to'en
able the Jury to reach its conclusion. • -
There was "room, for"nd'[ more , than the
.witnesses and their friends in the inquest
room of the .Morgue . when the case . was
called yesterday morning 1 . r Dr. Leland,
were frightened off immediately after
they had ransacked the strong box.
CLIMB A FIRE ESCAPE
TO ROB AN EflPTY SAFE
Captain Seymour and his men are In
vestigating a mysterious- safe robbery,
which occurred Monday morning In the
office of the Oakland Iron. Works Com
pany at 330 Market street The office • is
situated on the sixth floor of the building.
After entering the place the burglars pro
ceeded to blow open the safe, " but before
they had bored holes in it they discovered
to -their great surprise that It was un
locked. After opening the | door of the
iron box the.- "gophers" forced the inner
drawer with a "jimmy." To their as
tonishment they found It empty.
The supposition Is that the burglais
gained an entrance to the office by climb
ing the flre escape on the Battery street
side of the building. The window of the
office had been left open and it is sup
posed that the men climbed through it
after reaching the top of the fire escape.
A citizen who was passing at -the. time
sawv the two men walk < down the fire
escape but thinking | that they were
line repairers he paid little attention to
them. Mr. Morgan, the president of the
company, is satisfied that • the burglars
are experienced crooks. ¦
"If they had told me of their coming, he
remarked yesterday, "I would have left
50 cents in the safe to recompense them
for their trouble.. However, I am- glad
that they discovered that the safe was
unlocked, otherwise I presume they would
have blown It open." . - ¦ -
1 -As nothing • else- was - touched . in - the of
fice the police believe that the burglars
BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
FOB CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
Grand Production of the "Marsh
Xing". Will Be Given at the
v r>c AUmmbra.
The libretto cf "The Marsh King" -' Is
out In good time. [ The ladies of Alameda
who have in charge the arrangements for
the entertainment to bo given for the ben
efit of the San Francisco Children's Hos
pital at the Alhambra on Saturday after
noon of this week have not left things
until the last moment. The attractive
little "Bock of the Opera" gives the full
cast of 100 characters, with a very full
resume of the story and the words of nu
merous songs and choruses. The list of
dances is attractive, including Moonbeam
Ballet, Garland Fantasie, Darting Moon
beam—pas seul— Pearl of the Shadowy
Night, Tarantella, Ballet of the • Bats,
Dan3e Grotesque and Fete de la Sprite,
with waltzes and waltz songs galore.
Some of the. leading characters— black
spirits and white, mortals and sprites
are as follows: Flamado, the Marsh'King.
Miss Edith Pariser; Roland, a captive
mortal, Miss Mary Jackson; Hildegarde.
his sister. Miss Maud Jackson; Zenophar,
the enchantress. Miss Louise Clark;
Grinetto, prime minister and head ; con
spirator, Eileen McCurrie; Moon Queen,
Alice Teller; Puck, little Cedric McCurrie;
Roly Poly, a frog who would a- wooing go
and who has a wonderful voice, Guy Med
craft. ' ¦..-*¦ . - - 1
With all' the ninety others in their, airy,
fairy costumes, these will unfold the mu
sical story of the Marsh King, in which
beauty and goodness for a .time seem to
be having a very hard struggle with that
steaming cauldron holding a witches'
brew that sends a spell over everybody,
but in which love and virtue eventually,
triumph, as they should, and the curtain
goes down on - the . realm of • the Moon
Queen. It Is all very sweet/attractive
and wholly fetching, and is all done that
the good work of the Children's Hospital
may continue; that there may be tender
nursing and skilled treatment, delicate
food, ' clean beds and sunshine In plenty
for the little sufferers. >
confinement until some new development
In the case.or until it has been deter
mined that he Is Innocent— that Is unless
tn the meantime proceedings are brought
to have him released in default of any
charge being made" against him.
j who did It the Coroner's jury re
mains silent- Lukherath, the suspect, is
etill under arrest, and he will be kept in
inauest into the murder of
11 • Robbie Hislop has fixed only
If. tnat the killing of the bov was
UL'i a murder, but as to the person
Of. the witnesses examined, R. C. His
lop, father of the murdered boy; George
Coroner,' started with the intention of fin
ishing the case as soon as possible, and
without a break it ran from 10 in the
morning until 4 in the afternoon, and
when it was over there was not a word of
available testimony that had not been
brought out. . .
and Eighth] a walk of about ten minutes.
IS. Samuels, the druggist on the corner of
Ninth and Howard, where Smith and Luk
herath- went after leaving Sheehy's sa
loon, said the two men left his place not
later than twenty minutes past 8. Mrs.
Jane. Wiggins, landlady of the house in
which the two men lived, testified to hear
ing men talking in their room at what
she- afterward learned to be about half
past 9 or 10 o'clock. Mrs. Esther Houston
gave some immaterial testimony about
two men she had seen hanging around the
vicinity of Haight and Octavia streets on
Saturday night, ¦ and Miss Viola Gagle,
who lives in the flat under that of the
Hislops, told how she heard a man leave
the Hislop house not later than a quarter
to 9 o'clock. This led the inquiry to the
most important witnesses of the day,
Harry Smith and Herman Lukherath.
Smith's Testimony.
Smith's statement was that he met Luk-
Cisco, came to hik death at said 104% Haight
street en May 28. 1901, through compound com
tnlnnted fracture lof the skull, through willful
murder by a party- or . parties unknown. »
So far as the fcoroner is concerned . this
ends the case, at now rests with the po
lice. ----- k-vii.
During the inquest the suspect was rep
resented by General W. H. L. Barne3,
who at the request of Henry Lund, the
Norwegian Consul, who was also present,
looked after the legal rights of the man
under detention. General Barnes - ex
plained at the .beginning of the ¦ hearing
that he did not wish to interfere in the
proceedings, nor would he do so, but he
¦was there merely to see that the suspect
should not do himself legal harm through
ignorance of the customs and" language of
this country. | < -.. . .
CHOSE A ROPE
BEFORE A CELL
Suicide in Redwood City v Who Feared
Implication in the Murder of
, ¦ Robbie Hislop.
REDWOOD CITY, May 29.— Lyingr on a
slab in the morgue at this place is the
body of a man who it is generally sup
posed, here is in some way connected with
the foul murder of little Robert Hislop. in
San Francisco last Saturday night. The
body is that of a Spaniard or Mexican
about 50 years of age. He came to his
death by hanging in the Redwood City
Jail some time during Tiiesday night.
At 9 o'clock on * Tuesday night • James
Bradley, on repairing to 1 his room near
the Beeson blacksmith ship, was surprised
to find a man standing near his bed, who
quickly decamped upon the arrival of the
rightful occupant. Constable- Chatham
subsequently arrested the intruder. He
gave his name as Thomas Lopez. He was
acting in a very nervous and excitable
manner, exclaiming that he was at last
MYSTERY OF THE KILLING OF ROBBIE HILSOP
HAS NO LIGHT CAST UPON IT BY TESTIMONY
GIVEN AT THE INQUIRY BY CORONER'S JURY
It|Was a Murder Committed by a Party or Parties Unknown, but the Solution .of the Problem Is Left
to the Police, Who Still Hold Herman Lukherath in Custody Pending Further Investigation.
| Redwood City Prisoner, Rearing He Was Pursued for Complicity in the Crime, H^ngs 'Himself
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 30, ,1901.
12
CAT^LOStTE rBEl!.
39 STOCKTON ST.; neap Market.
¦ TELEPHONE NEVER "BUST."
........... -main 5522.' .
C0UNTS7 0SDSB8SPSCIALLT- SOLICITED.
1 Eastern apples.' Regularly 20a,
Prunes, 6 lbs. .: ... ... .25c
• Extra large California Prunes. "¦' . ¦
Latest crop. Regularly 3 lbs ! 2Sa '
Cr erne de Menthe, bot $1.25
' ; Marie Brlzard and Rogers. . . . :
¦ \ Regularly J1.50. -> — .. ¦¦¦;'
Made from tho choicest
. . Gallon $3,00
' .' ¦ ; Pure and nutritious.
{L00 and |4.C0.
Apple Butter, lb . ..... 12Jc
' . Choice old native wines.
- -Regularly 40c and $1.50.
imnorted Swiss Cheese;fi) 25c
Regularly 30c.
0 K Wniskey, Dot 76c, 3 bots $2
: We always have a fine stock
o? lunch and picnic goods. It
Is satisfaction and money
saved to buy here. ,
Creamery Butter, square . 30c
Ranch jEggrs, 2 dozen. .35c
Fresh 'sweet creamery ' butter
and the choicest of ranch eggs.
Preserved Ginger, r™" 11 .. .15c
Imported from th« Orient.
Kegularly 25c. I
Port and Sherry, bot. .25c
Gallon $1.0O
SPEGIALSALE!
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY
/TheXNoonan Fttrnlture Co. (Inc.) <
FOLPINC^ BEDS.!
• \ '. • Just ' ln-Hk big l«t of fine Folding Be<Sa, ' .
(. all styles, designs' and eizes. Prices to/
) please the most depleted pocketbook. - You \
can pay aa you please, you know. Taka i
your . own tlm« — it : doesn' t cost you any \
¦ - more, for ire pay . no rent and this grr«a t i
* saving • you ' get the benefit of . . - - A ; good \
' thing for you, isn't It? We have the mat- i
tresses and beddins, too; In fact, every- ,'
thin? in the housekeeping line to furnish'.
; your house complete.'- .. • -
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
¦ .-I "?-¦ '
1 01 7- 1 023 Mission Street.
: Above Sixth. » . : • » ¦ • San Francisco.
- We close at 6 p. m. every day. but Saturday.
::*:¦ ¦: . . •«•; -'A -¦ ' --'•¦- '¦--•• A * • J^ < : .
¦¦¦^*^"'AW : .17'fl'00M^' I
.1^1001 M&MET:ST.^CGr.:6tb v 1
i rpHIS VKIX-KN OWN" AND RKLr ABLE OU>'-
L Special 1st c»o-«3 Blood Poison, tionorrhoeu,Gle«k,
I Stricture, »<-niinul Weakness. Impotence and tbeir ¦
: allied iDiwrdera. 4l!oo!t on 'Diseases of JCen, free.
, Ovi«rC0yoars'»xperciice.Terins reasonable. Hours,
9toSaaily;6:20to3.20ev'gs..SnndnTs,l0tftl2. Consul- "
tationireeandsacredly confldential. Can oraddiwa
' A F. RO8COE Mf XtlTY, MiD. « .
36 y», K.earc j- St., San FramciBCO, C3#-
•V . ADVEBTISEMENTSL
: ~ ~ —T— ~— ~-— — — ~— ~
COr*m«HT 1IM tT THl MOCTM « «AMMJ CO. CINCtllN4TI ..... . t. ',-.'. ¦ .
A CALCULATION.
&)_--JHEN; you are ready to buy, stop and com-
household in a day, a week or a month,
!M^I2lland for the slight difference in price you
will, never forego the pleasure of using the purest
soap made, that is, Ivory Soap.
. It is the most inexpensive of pure soaps. You
need no knowledge of chemistry to realize ! this
purity, use it and you will know. It floats.